===== 0002601_19040604_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
-______

T. CLARKE, IttelS BXAMINBR" °FMB, BARLRSTOWN. Q. 0,3,, always in stock a GOOD A iSORIMBNT of FANCY aim "S. ALBUMS (Photo and postcard) also PCRBBB Stationery in general. 'Rent for the Wesleyan and General Assurance Society'.

NOTE THE ADDRESS, 33. MARKBT STREBT, HARLESTOWN,

DELIVERY and ORDER BOORS Printed Bound. Numbered, and Perforated to Order.

EXAMINER OFFICE,

CIRCULARS in the neatest style, from moder type, and of tbe beet workmanship. JOHN WALKRR EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY, STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
£lO TO £1,,000 ON SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISse TO REPAY for any immediate want to start in business, furnish your house to pay rent or rates or for any private use. The advance can be paid back by easy instalments or can remain out from one to five years by psying the Int«reet only. Having a large capital always ready for investment, we can lend,quickly and cheaply. Distance no object. Interest and repayments lowest in England or Wales. Strictly confidential. Repay- ments arransted to suit Applicants' own convenience. The money is advanced at applicants own house, if required, thus leaving them the trouble and expense of a journey. Farmers can have cash on terms thsit no other office can possibly offer. On receipt of application, representative will call and, if satisfied. will complete the advance. FORMS OF APPLICA- TION FUER. Call or write in confidence TO THIS NATIONAL LOAN SOCIETY, 41, CORPORATION ST MANCHESTER. BRANCII: 70, Beam it., Nantwich.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
_ce £lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £SO.—ADVANCIt el MADE to ALL Plift,,,UNb WORTHY of CREDIT. on NOTE ot HAND ALONK, SPECIAL TERMS FUR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit made by our Manager on same day of application who will grant you the money AT ONCE i satisfactory. NarE

THE- BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 69 H ATD()CK STREET SEAR TEN MARK= PLACS BARLIOTO WN.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
T AKII DI THlol.—Buttermere. FURNISHND UUTIAGS .1J TO LIST by week or month. erts sitting-room ; two becironms (thr e beds). Terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. B.' limn, Crag /genie. Thatermere. Coekermouth.

Munh 4kAldp, Wh. Visitors will find comfortable homely APARTMFINTS. with or without board, at reasonable terms, with Mrs JEN/afros, Stanley House, 26, Clarendon-road; one minute from Pier and Alhambra.

'SJORTH WALES.—HOLYHBAD.— Detached Villa, con. 1' tamping, two entertaining five bedrooms for June and July, close sea shore and South Stack lighthouse ; about a mile from staticn.—Apply Wir.Luste, Ty Mawr, Peurhos4 feilw, Holyhead.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
7 fiT i

I 1 i i . ' Ir . . L, i i

===== 0002601_19040604_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ii'

•,•:r t v:, t

===== 0002601_19040604_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

£lB 19s. 6d., £56 18s. 6d., £lB 19s. 6d.; Runcorn, £5 6s. 9d.,175. 2d.,£94 195.6 d., £253 ss. 5d.,£759 165.3d.,£253 ss.sd.;Stockton Heath,28775.6d.,£14 118.2d..£38 165.8 d., £ll6 10s. £33 16s. Bd.; Stretton, £lB 155., £3 2s. 6d. ; £8 6s. 84 £25, £Bs. 6s. Bd.; Walton Superior, £25 25., £3 7s. 6d., £9 Os. id., £27 Os. 3d., .29 Os. la.; Walton Inferior, £44 6s. 8d.,.27 7s. 9d., £l9 14s. id., £59 2s. 3d., £l9 14s. id.; Weston, £ll9 2s. 6d., £l9 17s. id., £52 18s. 11d., £l5B 16s. 9d., £52 18s. 11d. Mr. .T. Mounfleld : How will this call affect the pre- cepts already issued to the overseers? The Clerk: Fortunately you provided for a very good balance, or you would have been in an awkward position. Mr. Linaker : We should have been in the same position as the Bucklow Guardians. They have had to , issue IL fresh rate. The Clerk said they would find that next half year their vates would go up in consequence of the increased call. They would have enough money in hand to meet

===== 0002601_19040604_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
Increased County Council Call.

The fortnightly meeting of this Board was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. A. R. Norman pre- ziding. There were also present :—Messrs. C. Roylance Joseph Bolshaw, H. Eyes, P. Mounfield, J. Whitlow, A, Broome, T. Baxter, H. M. Davies, C. E. Linaker, J, Smith, T. Wright, H. Mawdsley, J.T. Collier,S. Wood- -ward; W. Harrison„ G. Pilling, S. Horton, J. L. Jones, E. Bretherton, J. Spruce, J. W. Timperley. W. Fletcher .J. Hallows, J. Whitley. R. Billington, C. E. Linaker Jun., Admiral Jones-Parry, J. Mounfield, A. g. Guest, T. Antwis, with G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough ,(deputy-clerk), J. Cook, W. Riley, and W. R. de Prez (relieving officers.)

iy womu ...- - THE ADVANTAGES OF TRAINING SHIPS. their liabilities this half-year. The Local Government Board through the secretary Mr. Mounfield : It is simply putting off the evil day (Mr. S. Provis) drew the attention of the Guardians to m'atE NEW VALUATION BILLNOT SATISFACTORY. 7the advantages resulting from the use of training ships' for the instruction and maintenance of boys and to the , The Parliamentary Committee had had under con- sideration the new Valuation Bill,but could not see their -advisability of utilizing to an increased extent this means of training for the boys under their care. A list way to recommend the Board to support it. While it was of training ships was also forwarded. A suggestion desirable that there should be one valuation list for all was made that the Guardians should submit periodical authorities, the committee thought the existing lists of eligible boys to die Local Government Board. machinery should be utilized for making and improving The Clerk said the Board had been in the habit of the list. The committee approved a resolution passed -sending boys. to the "Indefatigable" when they were at the North Western Poor Law Conference with 51Iat,.)1•1 art i willing to go. • respect to the classification and combination of Work- It was agreed that the lettershould lie on the table. bweee- THE CLERK'S SALARY. Mr. J. Mounfield moved the adoption of the report. A letter was read from the Local Government Board Ilesaid that while the committee agreed that it was .sanctioning payment to Mr. Ashton as clerk to the necessary or desirable that they should have one Assessment Committee, of £llO for his services. uniform basis of rating, they thought the proposals of .7•ROPOSED EXTENSION OF THE WATER suPrLY TO THE the Bill were cumbersome, expensive and in every WORKHOUSE. way inconvenient. They sought to take the A letter was received from Messrs.Timmins and Sons, dirties out of the hands of those who had experience in Runcorn, submitting specification and estimate, re the the matter, and to place them in hands that were Dutton and Preston Brock water supply, for connect_ irresponsible. He thought it was a wrong course of ing up to the Dutton main near the new entrance gates procedure to place too much power and authority in the of the Workhouse, in case of fire or for domestic pur- hanus of paid officials. Hitherto the business had been poses. A 3-inch branch pipe off the main would be re- conducted in a straightforward and business-like manner quired. connecting pipe and metal-faced sluice valve by the Assessment Committee, and upon every point the and water meter to deliver 10,000 gallons per hour, en- Patliamentary Committee considered the change closed in brick chambers. A 3-inch main from this undesirable. With reference to the combination and would have to be carried forward, with 2-inch fire .classification proposals, the committee thought it would hydrant valves brick valve chamber and surface boxes. Ibe a great relief to the asylums if the imbecile and The main would be tested to 300 ft.head,coated,and laid i inoffensive class of inmates could be removed from at 3ft.,61n. depth,the total cost being £.19 13s 10d. Two i expensive asylums and placed under less costly treat- copper stands to connect to present hose pipe fitting,e i ment, It would also be a relief to the rates. would cost £5. For an additional outlay ef £22 7s. Mr. Wright seconded, and the report was adopted. the3in. main from the hydrant would be continued FINANCIAL. through the stable and tar's shop, to present a 2.in„ . Mr. Woodward reported that there was a balance at lead supply main to the main building tank, with stop th... last meeting of £1,668 18s. 2d. The income during valve, and reducing valve. The work would include the fortnight had amounted to £1,833 12s. 5d., and the taking up and resetting floor and yard paving. Total expenditure to £l3B, leaving a. balance in the treasurer's s cost of all connections, £77:,05. 10d. i hands of £3,364 10s. 7d. Mr: 13V-cher moved that the estimate be accepted, and • LADIES' VISITING COMMITTEE. -that the sanction of the Local Government Board be ! Mrs. Carruthers, of Halton, was appointed a member .obtained to the expenditure .of£77 05.10d.,0r such portion a this committee.

thereotas the Guitrdians should determine. He Pointed out that The Board was practically committed to the .-expenditure of £49 13s. 10d.to obtain a supply in case .of fire. In his opinion it would be a great MI lag to have the supply extended to the House for domestic ipurposes. Mr. Frederick Sadler, Freshford near Bath, Mr. Collier opposed the proposition in regard to the Somerset, has published a letter of ,Mills,thanks which reads 'supply for,eomestic purposes. They had, he said, not as follows : only to ooncider the extra otalay of ~£29, but the annual 'I wish to express my sincere thanks to Dodd's Kidney -charge for Ile water. If they had two supplies to the Pala for what they have done for me. My chief cora- ,House they had no guarantee that at some time one plaint was Kidney Trouble, which I contracted from a 'would not'be done away with,, and the other used ex- cold. I suffered for several months; my back and head ,clusively. The present supplv.vas a good one. ached. I was always tired and languid, and frequently Mr. Pilling supported the4objection. He said that diney. I had cramps in the muscles and my limbs were 'when the oommittee extended the main from the site heavy with a dragging sensation across the loins. .of the hospital to the Workhouse Gates, it was only "At last I saw the advertisement of Dodd's Kidney with the infection of the supa:y being available in Pills and determined to try them. Very soon after .case of fire. commencing their use, I found myself growing better. r. Weudword moved that the items of £5 and I used to feel in my work as though I could drop with .22.2 is. be eliminated, and that the Board accept the pains across my back and loins, but lam glad to say 'estimate of £49135. 10d. to provide a supply for use in that 'Dodd's Kidney Pills cured mo of it all, and that I •caseof fire. am now able to follow my daily work with ease and

Mr. J. Monaold seconded. He said the Board was pleasure. Alyea to understand when it consented to the laying of "I think that others who are suffering as I was from -the mains, that ttere was an ample end good supply to Kidney Troubles and that tired feeling ought to know the house. There was, therefore. mo necessity for the the veue of Dodd's Kidney Pills, and lam writing this :proposed sec,oncLappply for doraeshic purposes. although letter in the hope that it may help someone else. I it w,aaabsolutely..necessary that they should be pre- will introduce them wherever I have a chance, for they pared for i fire. are really a marvel of medicine." Mr.'Linaker pointed out that Mt. .Fletcher had not --42.--. submitted any statement as to the nefit of the proposed ! supplytfor domestic use. If he could: have shewn that ' THE VALUE OF APPLES ON THE TEMPER. it would be cheaper to the ratepayers he would have ! resolved support. At present it appeared that the carry- Professor J. T. Stinson Glaims that the liberal use of irout. ()lthe scheane would impose-aheavy burden on apples will improve the disposition, removing all dis- v i; agreeahle feelings, and making existence more enjoyable the ratepayers. for aIL He also claims that apples are an infallible On :a vote being.tzlen, Mr. Woodward's proposition cure for the drink and tobacco habit, and that their use was carried. . as a daily article of diet will have a wonderful effect INCRE.WD COUNTY CALI.C.i. upon the whole system. Professor Stinson, we might THE COST OF EDUCATIO4. add, is the director of apple culture at the St. Louis A flunindidhstatement was received from Mr. R. Potts. clerk to the heshive County Councll,7:equiring the Exposition, and he has offered to distribute one million C sum of £7039 15s. id. to be paid to Mr. J. R. Thomson apples to :prove his theory. We have always regarded treastmer to 'the Counts-Council, being the amount due' the apple as one of the most valuable of fruits, but if the latest -claims made for it should prove substantial, from tbe:parikes in the Runcorn Union .on assessment. the gratitude of the world will know no bounds. One The totals for the current half year were:as follows: peculiar thing has been observed by a correspondent, General County Purposes, £2,098 19s. 9(1.; ,an increase on last half year of £233 3s. 7d. ; general police and it is that in proportion as the smoking habit is developed the taste for apples declines. We wonder £349 155..2d, increase VAC Us. 7d : poilice district whether our ,readers' experience coincides with this. £359 7s.l4ld,inctease £9`i..4 Zs. 3d' general ~o‘iementary education £2,798 14s. 3d, isz•rease £932i8. ld ; general ______oo—..._ _

higher edmeation R,93 1878. id, increase; 1:2g6 .06.- lid; total £7,03 15s. ad.an incvase of £1,842 9s. 51. The MOTORISTS AND CATARRH. following woe the amounts payable from local parishes: A new danger has now been found to beset motor -Thelwall, general countv.svrposes, £4B is. Id, general enthusiasts, who have developed the mania for driving police purpoges, is. 2-d, police district purposes, at excessive ,apeed. Medical men call it motor-car £Bl6B.ld,generalelementatTeducatinn purposes 26i95,6d catarrh, and state thatit is produced by the high rate general higher Rducation, g;1. 9s. 10d. ; Frodsham„ re- of speed at which the motorist travels, and the conse- spectively, £ll4 Bs. 2d.., £l9 is. 4d., £l3 15s. Rd., ;4152 quent minute partieles of sand and dust whichfly against us. 3d., £5O 17g. H.; Frodshara Lordship, £77 l4s. W.; the delicate mumus surfaces of the nose and throat. £l2 198. id., £2l ha. 10d., .Ela3 135., £34 us.; Dawes- One well-known motorist, who is notorious for the bury, £lO 4s. 2d., £1 1.4-s., £4:lis. 9d., £l3 12s. 3d.. £4 excessive rate at which he travels, was laid up with the 10s. 9d.; Grappeuhall, £73 is. 11d., £l2 3s. 7d.., -£32 disease, and only the total abandonment of racing saved 9s. 9d.. £97 9s. 3d., £32 U. 9d.; Latchford Without, £94 him from having to undergo a serious operation. Per- 6s. 5d., £3 14s. 4d., £9 18s. sd. £29 15s. 3d.,, haps the new danger may prove a successful check to .£9 18s. 3d.; Moore, £42 ;isiz. iOd,, £7 2s. 3c1.,,, another existing dangw-the scorching motorist.

CORNWALL. ENGLAND'S IDEA.L SPRING, IigALVEI AND PLEA.SURE Rssou. WRY Ill)111i 2HE Ttg.t.Zu sxmass OF a LONG FOREIGN 'JOURNEY? WdigN

(Jf R 14,1A1.1

WESTERN RAILWAY

!CAN TAKS lOU IN A IPNW HOURS TO TEEN DELIGkITFUL CORNISH RIVIERA. WRIT 12() SUPSRINTLINDENr OP TII LINS. PIDDINCITON S.CATION, LOYD ";•;,

FOR INTERESTING AND COMPRMIINbIV3

ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET FREE.

9oNTENr3 :—CORNWALL AND ITS CLIMATE; ,THE CORNISH RIVIERA, AND WHAT TO SEEsTHERE ; SCILLY'ISLANDS. WITH FULL INFORMATION AS TO TRAIN AND MOTOR C IR SERVICES , WARRS PBC/AL TOUR TIMMS ; AND A HANDY MAP. JAMES C. INGLIS, General Man,

===== 0002601_19040604_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
A GRATEFUL MAN.

(Copyright.)

===== 0002601_19040604_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
NURSE MA.!%A_RJORIE.

By SHIRLEY RAYNARD,

duthor of "The Ghost of the West Wing," "The Turn of the Tide," "Madge of the Manse," "Robert Lanyon's Mistake," "A Wife's Temptation," &c.

London on Bank Holiday is not particula4y cheerful at the best of times. Numerous trains, from all the principal stations, carry off their loads of holiday-makers to the country far and near, leaving the streets almost deserted. It was August, and the multitudes were revelling in a glorious sunshine. It fell, too, upon the deserted streets, making the footpaths hot and tiring to walk upon, and shewing up grime and dust, which would pass unobserved in the traffic of an ordinary day. Few 'buses were running, and the greater number of cabbies seemed to have joined the general exodus to the country. A gentleman walked leisurely down Cheapside, looking round from time to time in search of a passing hansom. He was a tall and well-built man, and, if not exactly handsome, in the strict sense of the word, had passable features, and a certain air which impressed people even at the first glance. He was dressed with a somewhat careless ease. There was nothing of the Bond-street spick-and-span smartness about him, though his coat fitted to

perfection -and his linen was spotless. He was a man who became fond of an old coat, and could with difficulty persuade himself to throw it aside. His step was firm but not aggressive, and as he walked he was so erect that he appeared taller than his actual inches. His age was thirty, hot he scarcely seemed, so old. His face was bronzed, and it could plainly be seen that he had spent much time in the open air. At the Bank he was fortunate in finding a 'bus going in the right direction. He stepped up on the outside, glad to be relieved from walking further in the hot sun. He was hardly seated when a man crossed over from the other side of the 'bus to the seat behind him, which happened to be vacant. "How are you, Cunningham ? " said he, shaking him by the hand. "I had no idea you were at -home again. Staying in town long?" "A few days only," said Ainsley Cunningham, turning to face his interlocutor. landed last evening, and have put up at the Langham. I have a few business matters to look to before going North. Have you been long in town?" questioned he. "A few weeks; up on business as usual," returned Sidney Chance in his most indifferent voice,avoiding the other's direct gaze. "I am often in town nowadays. I hope you are quite strong now, after your long travels, he went on, by way of changing the subject. "Never was better," said Cunningham, smiling. "I could have come home a year ago, but I was determined, if possible, to make a perfect cure of myself this time.. 'Now they tell me that, with ordinary cege, I may live to see a hundred." They c.isor'Lted on for a time, and presently the 'bus stopped in front of a hospital, and Cunning- ham, saying good-bye to his companion, stepped down. Chance wa's rising at the same time, but sat down again, slightly confused, and went on with the 'bus. Cunningham noticed his son- fusion' and wondered for a moment what had caused it; but he soon dismissed the man and his affairs from his mind. Chance was a man whom Cunningham had known from his college days. He had run across him from time to time since leaving Oxford, but he had never sought his society. He always felt an inward distrust of him, although he had no grounds for the feeling. He was a doctor by profession, and had worked hard, earning for himself a fair position. He spent his winters in the South of France, making a good deal of money by his season's practice, and having—which suited him well—a good deal of leisure during the summer months. Cunningham passed the porter's lodge, and went into the hospital. He obtained an order to see "Nurse Marjorie," and after threading many passages, and losing his way once or twice, he at last found her, just leaving the nurse's sitting- room. -"0 Ainsley!" she exclaimed, as she came suddenly upon him. "Who would have expected to see you here ?" "Did you not get my letter ?" said he, turning into the room with her. "I wrote telling you I would call." "I have not had my letters this morning," said she; "they are probably waiting for me in the Nursing Home. I left early, and the post was not in. How long have you been home?" "Only landed last night," said he. "I found a pile of letters waiting for me at my hotel, and amongst them one from my mother, in which she tells me of your having taken up nursing in this hospital. Of course, I came as soon as rovible to look you up." "It is extremely kind of you," said she, looking out of the window at the dirty brick wall opposite. "You are more ceremonious with me, Marjorie, +than you used to be in the old days," said he, with a touch of sadness in his tone. "Am I? " said she, laughing. "You forget that l'have been three months in London, and I have spent a good deal of that time in learning to put .my original self into the background." -"Then for goodness' sake leave the hospital and come home, and be the old Marjorie again." "I am afraid that is impossible," said she, with :a sigh. Her hands lay idly in her lap, and there was a listlessness about her which seemed to Cunningham foreign to her nature. He hs. l never noticed it in the old days. whatever it might be, ,and it troubled him. He looked at her as she sat, the light falling upon her clear pale face, and warming the brown of her soft wavy hair, which she wore drawn loosely back from her temples. Her gown was of the regulation lilac-cotton, but was made to tit perfectly her rounded, slender figure. All about her person bespoke the daintiest cleanliness and refinement. It was a wonderfully sweet face that. he looked upon, and none of its charm was lost upon him. How often, when thousands of miles from home, in the long and dreary nights, had he tried to conjure up its features and bestow upon them their sunny smile. Marjorie Howard was the only daughter of the Vicar of Ashbrook. a lovely parish in North York- shire. She and Ainsley Cunningham had played together as children. Though he was five years her senior, they were always good friends. The little girl of eight years would run after her big boy friend, and beg to be taken upon the various fishing expeditions, .&c.., upon which he might be engaged.

Most times, she had her way, for the boy found it hard to resist the pleading of the soft brown eyes. Cunningham Hall was situated within half-a-mile of Ashbrook, and the intercourse was frequent between it and the Vicarage. especially as, for some years, Mr. Howard acted as the boy's tutor. At sixteen, Marjorie was sent abroad to school, where she remained three years, returning home a woman in mind and physique, and within a very short time Ainsley Cunningham discovered that his old boyish affection for the girl had changed into a deep an passionate love. It was just about this time, however, that he began to develop a decided weakness of the lungs, and knowing this, he did his utmost to hide his love from the girl he worshipped. Finally, after two years' indifferent health, be was sent abroad, where a slow but what now seemed a perfect cure had been effected. His love for Tklarjerie had burnt clear and true through the years of separation, and now, upon his return, he felt free to gain her love, if possible. _ _

"I for-got, Marjorie," he said at length, "that your time is not your own. I hope I have not kept you too long. When are you free to come out of this dreadful piece for a few hours ?" "It is not so dreadful when you get used to it," said she, smiling. "But you have not kept me too long. I had two hours off this morning. Saturday I am free the whole day, but where could we go? It is not at all proper,. you know, for us•to go walking about without a chaperon," she said, with a merry twinkle in her eyes. "Oh, never mind about the chaperon ; you did not trouble about her in the old days, " said he, lau!hing. "We will go a-fishing, if you like," he added, playfully, "though 1 don't see much chance in this neighbourhood."

_ After arranginr, •to call for her on Saturday morning, he took' his leare, and walked back through the dreary stone passages to the entrance. Just as he descended the steps, he caught sight of Sidney Chance crossing the open space towards the door. He prised him by with a nod, and made his way back through the deserted streets to his hotel.

Chance entered the hotpital and went into a room on the ground-floor, He had •several acquaintances upon whom he was in the habit of calling, for he had no professional connection with the hospital. He might often be seen in the corridors, but his appearance there caused no

remark. He was in love with Nurse Marjorie, whom he had met first in Yorkshire, and after- wards at the house of a mutual friend in town. He was leavinff no stone unturned to make her his own. He would waylay her on her walks, ana accompany her back to the hospital. He would meet her in the passages as she ran from ward to ward during her day work. He seemed to have a wonderful means of discovering her whereabouts. She seldom spoke to him, except when off duty, and then never willingly. She had done all that she could think of to repulse him without absolute rudeness, but it seemed to have little or no effect. Latterly she had become afraid of him, for though she disliked and distrusted him, he seemed to have some power over her which she could not under- stand. He had immense will-power and animal magnetism, and he made use of them in his conversations with her. He was unscrupulous in the means he used so long as he could get her into his power. He quite realised her dislike to himself, but he meant to possess her in spite of that. There was little of the spiritual element in his passion; it was of the earth, earthy. Marjorie was passing down the stairs some half- hour after her visitor had left, when upon turning one of the corners she came upon Mr. Chance. "Good-morning, Miss -Howard," he said, blandly. "I hear you have had a visit from our old friend Cunningham." "Yes," answered she, coolly returning his greet- ing. "You must excuse me," she added, as he tried to detain her, "I am busy, and you know how strict our rules are." _

"Did you•explain this to Cunningham ? " sneered

"Mr. Cunningham had an order to see me, and I was off duty at the time. The cases are not the same. lam due in my ward in a moment. Please let me pass." "Just a minute," said he, more softly, detaining her by his curious gaze. "When is your free day?" "Saturday," she said, simply, but. in a moment regretted having told him, for she felt be would make some use of the inforniation. He stood aside and she passed down the stairs to her ward, but she could not forget for hours the unpleasant effect of the interview.

_ True to his promise Cunningham appeared on Saturday morning, and in defiance of convention took his old playmate out for a long day in the country. The heat had somewhat abated since the Monday, and there had been a day or two of refreshing rain. The Surrey lanes were very sweat, and the girl seemed to draw in fresh life from their fragrance. It was a long day of calm happiness for them both. Cunningham reminded her of all their merry childish jaunts. He was careful of her slightest wish, but. he never uttered a word of his great love, fearing to drive her from him by speaking in too great haste. Though he had loved Marjorie for years, he had no reason for thinking that she regarded him in any other light than that of friendship. The evening drew in all too soon and brought them back to town. They drove from the station to the hospital gates, and then Ainsley helped the girl out of the hansom and took her hand. "Good-bye, Marjorie," he said, with warmth. "I shall be back in town before many weeks are over. Promise me that you will spend another day along with me then." "I may not have a day off," said she, mischievously. , "Then I will sta,Y.in town until you have one," he answered. Sha turned towarhS the gate, and he sprang into the hansom. She paused a moment watching it spin swiftly away, and then, as she was about to enter the gateway, she came face to face with Chance. He was about the last person she would have chosen to see at that minute. He made a bad finish to an otherwise perfect day. "Your time is. not yet up," he said, coolly, drawing out his watch. "You have spent a day with that fellow Cunningham, and now surely you can talk to me for a few minutes." His accents. were choked with passion. "You forget yourself, Mr. Chance," said Majorie, proudly stepping back as she felt his strange eyes upon her. "No," he said. "I very much remember myself, and I mean that you shall remember me too. You have avoided me long enough, Miss Howard. Marjorie," he said, taking her hand alicnost roughly and holding it in his iron clasp, "do you not know that I love you to distraction, that my life is worth nothing without you ? I must, and will have you, Marjorie. I swear it by all the powers!" Marjorie struggled-to speak and to withdraw her hand, but she was powerless for the moment. "Promise me that you will never, never marry Cunningham," he burst forth, passionately, "or I. will never let you go." "I have no intention of marrying him," she said. "He does not want me," she added, trying to calm him, but in:Tier heart only half .believing the words that came from her lips. "Will you promise to marry me, then, and shew that you mean what you say ? " "Oh, indeed, I cannot promise," said she, beginning to tremble. "You know quite well that I have no love for you. I have tried to shew you in every way that it is quite, quite useless." "Never mind the love," he said, bitterly. "I have enough for us both. .Willyou marry me 1" _ _ _ _

"Oh, please let me go," said she; "the clock is striking and I shall be late." "Well," he said, "I shall not take your answer. You must think of me, Marjorie, for I cannot live without you, and I mean to marry you whether you will, or no!"

Our best intention § are often thwarted by some small incident, which, happening at another time, wcaild seem a -trifle. Early in September, a few days before Cunningham proposed to return to town, he was out shooting, when in climbing a stile he slipped and sprained his ankle rather badly. He suffered some amount of pain from it, but this was nothing compared to the mental anguish that possessed him when he found that it would delay for some weeks his visit to Marjorie. He wrote to her telling her the cans) of his absence, and received a short note of carefully-expressed sympathy in return. There was a postscript at the bottom of her note. It, ran: "I have a week's holiday at the beginning of October. - I am going to spend it with the Grayhams, of Dorking." Now, the Grayhams were old friends of the Cunninghams, as well as of the Howards. They had, since their recent removal South, asked Ainsley to visit them upon the first oppor- tunity. He had put the letter in his pocket- book with the intention of answering it at his leisure. That leisure he now found, and wrote to his old friends at some length. He spoke of his slight accident, and said that he expected to be laid up for about three weeks. At the end of that time, he said, he should be only too glad to accept their hospitality. He would visit them at the beginning of October, if that would fall in with their arrangements.

The weeks seemed weary waiting to the impatient 'man, lying with his foot supported on a cushion, but they passed away at length. The lame foot gained strength from day to day, until by the end of September he was able to walk short distances. In another three days he was off. His mother, wondering at his haste to be zone, tried to per- suade him that his visit to Dorking would be equally pleasant the following week. "I don't think so, mother," he said, gently, but with decision. So the thiid of October saw him in the nine o'clock express to the South. How delightful it was to be skimming through the sun- lit country, every mile bringing him nearer to the woman he loved! He had resolved to delay no more, but tell her of his love and ask her to be his wife. He reached London early in the afternoon, and about two hours later found himself at Dorking. He received a hearty welcome from his old friends. Both the dear old people rushed out to meet him as the dog-cart drove up to the door. . _

_ "I hope you will itot find us dull, Ainsley," said Mrs. Grayhain, shortly afterwards, settling back into her deep armchair. "Of course he won't.," said her husband, reprovingly; "he is not that kind. Besides, we have a visitor here to help hint to pass the time." "Indeed?" said Cunningham, feeling rather guilty. "Yes," returned the old man, innocently. "We have Marjorie Howard here, resting from that horrible hospital work that she has taken up. I am sure it is enough to kill an ordinary woman. I tell her a woman ought to be made of iron to stand it."

"Where is she now 7" asked Cunningham, trying to sound unconcerned.

- - we sent her out an hour ago. I am deter- mined she shall have all the fresh air she can get whilst she is here. She came lookino, like a ghost, and she is bent upon going back to that grind next week. You might ,ro and mee her when you have had a cup of tea," he added. "She is sure to have gone to the top of .Box Hill, and I will shew you the way she returns. Wo have not told her we expocted you, so you can give her a little surprise. I m mild accompany you, but my breath is not good for_ climbing hills uowadays. But Derbaus your

oot is too tired to walk. lam forgetting you save been an invalid." _. ...

"Not at all. I shall be delighted to go," said Cunningham, hastily. "I have been resting all day and shall enjoy a walk of a mile or two very much."

Half-an-hour later he was making steadily for Box Hill. all impatient for a siqht of Marjorie. At. each turning of the winding, uneven lane lie strained eye and ear to catch sight or sound of her approaching figure. At length, when some distance up the hill, he felt bound to rest, fearing that by walking too great a distance his foot might give out before reaching home. He therefoie climbed the hedge end sat down at the edge of a field, facing a most lovely view of the surrounding country, and possessed himself with what patience he could. As he sat he was hidden from the sight of persons approaching as they descended the lane, though by turning slightly he could see between the bushes. The view was exquisite and typically English, mile after mile of undulating, well-wooded country stretching out before him. The sun, now very low in the heavens, touched the red roofs of the villages, throwing up a brilliant colour against the blue distance. At length lie heard footsteps. and looking round was surprised to see, not only Marjorie Howard but the figure of a man besides. They were in shadow, and for a moment he did not recognise Chance. He was about to spring to his feet to meet them when second thoughts kept him back. Surely Chance could not be there at Marjorie's bidding! No, he felt sure he was obtruding him- self upon the girl. By remaining quiet he would be able to take time for thought and so help Marjorie to better purpose. As they came nearer he saw that Marjorie's face was very pale, but there was a set, determined expression upon her features. He could see by the nervous clasping of her hands that she was undergoing some mental strain. On the other hand, Chance face, though no less determined than Marjorie's, was flushed with excitement. As fortune would have if they paused directly opposite to where Cunningham was seated. The bush was so thick that he could not see them at all clearly now, but he could dis- tinctly hear every word that was spoken. Chance was speaking rapidly. "I will go no further, Miss 'Award—Marjorie," he said, passionately, "until you have promised to become my wife."

"Thet I fear you will have to remain where you are," said she haughtily, taking a step forward. "Not so quickly," said Chance, intercepting her progress. "You will please listen first to what I have to say. I have wooed you all these long month a apparently to no purpose, although I believe that had that vile fellow Cunningham kept off my track, I should have made you care for me. Now I am going to take another plan, and under- stand, please, that you are dealing yith a desperate man, 4ne who holds life cheap. I have come here to-day all prepared for a rapid journey. Now, unless you promise me upon oath that you will marry me within a month's time I will go north and shoot Cunningham. This is no mere idle threat I mean what I say. If you will not marry me, y m shall not have the chance of marrying him. "I cannot -ever marry you," said Marjorie, in deep distress, trembling from head to foot and looking as if she would drop. "You are the greatest coward upon God's earth. How you came to find me in this out-of-the-way place I cannot tell. Oh, what shall I do? " said she at length, bursting into passionate tears. Cunningham could stand no more. Springing at one bound from the hedgerow, it was the work of a moment to grip Chance firmly by the collar and shake him with all his strength, mid finally to fling him into the roadside. "And so this is the way a man honoured and trusted in his profession behaves himself in private life. Coward! Brute! " said Cunningham. "Be- gone, and never let me set eyes on your face againi As for Miss Howard, if you ever so nnich as attempt to speak to her in the future I will expose your whole conduct, not only in this affair, but in another which has recently come to my knowledge. You will remember a little affair of a cheque which you drew in my name some years ago. It would have served two purposes had you carried out the threat I just overheard you make to Miss Howard. Full particulars of that little episode are in the possession of my solicitor, who, in the event qf my sudden death, would make use of them." Chance's first. attitude was one of defiance, but upon fully realising Cunningham's meaning he muttered some indistinct sentences and turned away. The expression upon his face would be difficult to describe. It was a compound of hate and fear. He took his way slowly in the direction from which he had come and was soon lost to siiht. Twilight was falling and all nature was very still. Marjorie, who had leant for support against a gnarled old oak, now came forward. "How can I thank you ? " she said, holding out her hand fO Cunningham. He took the hand she offered, and, placing it upon his arm, b g n to lead her quietly down the rugged lane.

47,Chank God I was near," said he, gravely, and then they walked on in silence for some time.

"Mariorie," he said at length, "are you too upset to listen to me now ? Will you let me protect and care for you always? I have loved you for years so very dearly, and have come here to ask you t.) be my wife. Can you love mr, my darling?" Marjorie's answer must have been satisfactory, for after it had fallen from her lips he paused in the rugged descent and clasped her in his arms. Evening had closed in before they reached Dorking. Dinner had waited some time, and their host and hostess were working themselves into great excitement, thinking their visitors were lost in the wilds of Box Hill. They were, however, reassured when they arrived safe and sound. To this day old Mr. Grayhain claims, laughingly, that he found Cunningham a wife.

Chance has been seen but little—in England since that memorable day. He now spends his summers, as well as his winters, abroad.

[THE Exp. I

===== 0002601_19040604_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT

HOMING SOCIETY.

This Societ3's second Old Birds' Race was flown from Bath on Saturday, May. 28th, 1904, 31 members sending a total of 493 birds. The result, subject to correction,

Members' Name. Velocity. J. Hill . 946 W. Gallop 924 Holmhton and Llewellyn F. Btoor 919 W. Hodgkiss 913 E. Walker &Sons 916 W. Nice 9lB W. Roughsedge 903 J. T. Bate J. Edgerley H. J,..Longton BB9 '

W. W. Leigh BBO H. F. Greenough 879 J. Hi:! 874 F. Bloor 873 W. Lamb (2) J. Edgerley Bell and Fairhurst Boyle and Barlow B6B J. Hill 867 W. Lamb 859 E. Burrows F. Hayes H. F. Greenough (2) 839 W. W. Leigh 836 G. Carter P. Boughton 823 Boyle and B trlow . 822 E. Burrows G. Carter H. Craven W. Gallop ..................... E. Forster::

it. Wright (2) BO7 Howardßros. BO3 Millerßros. BOO H. Craven 797 Millerßros. 7BB Ryderßros. 774 Litherland and Harper 741 Withenshaw Bros. CORRECTION. Miller Bros.' velocity in Worcester Race is 1327, not 1311 as shown last week.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCITING OTTER HUNT.

I An exciting otter hunt took place at Maryport on i Tuesday. The quarry took to the old mill-race, over ! which a modern portion of the town has been built, and swam into the subterranean passage which carries the race under the shops and houses of three streets. The 1 pack, hot en the scent, followed: and the huntsmen, afraid of the hounds being drowned or suffocated, were relieved when they re-appeared two hundred yards lower down. The otter was left in the passage, probably having escaped into a cellar drain.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

MOST of us live in a continual state of expects- tion of somebody doing something. NONE of us want to hurt anybody else's feel- ings ; but it sometimes seems necessary to our own peace of mind.

- JONES: 'Why on you join our shooting party ?" Smith : " Well, I'm a poor shot, and I'm afraid you will make game of me." Com PLIMENT a maiden's mouth, a woman's eyes, a young man's beard, and an old man's figure, and a reputation for good taste and discrimination is ycu IS.

- UP TO EX PEGTATIONS. —He "You look sweet enough to kiss in that dress." She: "My dress- maker told roe that she didn't think I should be disappointed in it." ACCIDENTAL. —" Have you seen Charley Lamb since his accident?" "No ; is he badly hurt ? AVhat accident?" "He made a couple of thousand pounds on the Stock Exchange." OURSELVES AND OTUERS. —" It's remarkable," said the political star, " oow differently people are affected by the same thing." "How do you mean ? " " Well, I was thinking of any speech. It kept me awake four nights, and put everybody who heard it to sleep." WIFE "The newspaper says that Mr. Hamlet Smith-rs received an ovation. What does tnat mean?" Husband : "The word 'ovation,' my dear, is derived from the Latin ova,' whim means an evg. Ovation means a shower of eggs." A COM PROMISING EXCUSE, —lnnocent Little "You needn't hurry to get up, darling. l've just wired to the otri;:e to say that you feel so unwell after working so late at the hooks last night that you can't attend business to-day." MoilE SoLiorN.—"lt is a solemn thing," said the young man, "when a woman trusts a man with her affection." "It ain't as solemn," said the man with the yellow necktie, "as when she won't trust lion wi h his own wages." _Mrs. WIFFLES " \\That most surprised you when you arrived in Paris ?" Mrs. jaunter : "Why the fact that little children of three or four year, could talk French. It was perfectly amaz- ang."__

.`"rIMOTHY wouldn't marry that rich widow when he lound out she was deaf." "What difference would that make ?" "All the neigh- b,)uts would hear him when he asked her tor money:l

WIFE : "Mrs. Brown is very much attached to that pug dug, and it's as ugly as sin." Husband: " My clear, if sin were as ugly as Mrs. Brown's pug dog_ the straight and narrow path would be crowded."

PIt.ICTICAL FATHER: "If he says he loves you, I supp,Acs he does; but can he support you?" Daughter: "Why, papa? You must know that it wasn't, his fault that the chair broke."

DEALER "I am sure, madam, you could look the city through and not find a handsomer car- riage than this." Mrs. D'Avnoo "Oh I It's handsome enough, but it looks too comfortable to be stylish." His WIFE : " Why don't you go to the doctor and find out Just what you ought to eat and what you ought to avoid?" Dyspeptic: "Oh, I know all that now. I ought to eat everything I don't like and avcid everything I do."

_ CHILD: "Mamma, what is a common person?" Motoer: "Why, child, a common person is, is— well, it's a person we do not associate with. Why do you ask?" Child : "'Cause Mrs. Nextdoor said you was a common person." T6M3IY, aged eight, had been sent to a near-by store to purchase a pair of shoe-strings for his mother. "How long do you want them?" asked the clerk. "1 don't want ;o borrow 'em," re- plied Tommy ; "I want to buy 'em for keeps."

" Di..:RE'S always bound to be kickers," exclaimed Meandering Mike. "Did you ever know a time when de people agreed unanimously dat dey had de right man in de right place?" " On'y ohne," replied Plodding Pete: "I was bein' put into gaol on de occasion." A COUNTRY GENTLEMAN, wishing to say some- thing polite to Dr. B--, the last translator of Juvenal, addressed him in the following words : " What particularly convinces me of the faithful- ness of your translation is, that in places where I do not underutand Juvenal, I likewise do not un- derstand yet." LITTLE JAMES had been imparting to the minister the important and cheevul information that his father had got a new set of false teeth. " Indeed, James ? " replied the minister, indulgently. "And what will he do with the old set?" "Oh, I s'pcsc," replied little James, "they'll cut 'eat down, and make me wear 'ern." "OUR cat has just had chickens," remarked Toadhole. "Nonsense, Mr. T--," snorted his spouse. "You must be inebriated. I suppose you mean our cat has had kittens." "No, I don't," meekly murmured the poor fellow. "1 brought home a couple of chickens for to-morrow's dinner, but Sarah tells me the cat has eatek• them."

VANDERB fLT, the millionaire railway mangate, wrote very illegibly. Once he dismissed an officer for dishonesty, but the only legible part of the document being the signature, the man used it for years as a free pass on the railroads. OLD MONEYBAGS: "Mr. De St,oole, you must be more punctual. I notice that you are late getting to the office nearly every morning." Mr. Dd Stoole : " Yes ; but, Mr. _Moneybags, did you euer notice how punctual I am in going away from the office every night?" HE : "For my part I can't see why you women should want to ape men." She: "Oh, anything for a change, we've been making a monkey of him long enough." DIDN'T I tell you never to darken my door spin ?" cried the irate parent. to Tompkins. " Yes, Mr. Hicks, you did; that's why Iye come at night, sir." Your door is so dark then that my coming couldn't possibly make it darker."

MISS BELLE: "Mary, remember I am at home to none except Mr. Vere Brownkins this after- noon." Mary .(half an hour later): "I've told lour gentlemen callers that you are at home to none except Mr. Vere Brownitins, miss. and they all went away very angry_i_ndeed, miss."

--BENEATH UONMMVT.—Mr. De Broker: "I am a defaulter, and I want you to defend me." Great Lawyer: "Certainly, Mr. De Broker. I'll get you old all right. Have no fear. How many millions it?" Mr. De Broker (with dignity) : "Sir, I am short only a few thousands, and I hope to pay that some day." Great Lawyer (to office boy) : "James, show this vile scoundrel the door."

DOUBLY BROTHEeS.—Mhert Browning was once intiliduced to the Chinese Ambassador, the intro- ducer, who acted as interpreter, observing that they were both poets. In the conversation Brown- ing asked how much poetry his excellency had written. "Four volumes," was the answer. "And what style of poetry does your excellency cultivate?" "Chiefly the enigmatical," replied the other. "We felt; doubly brothers after that," was Browning's subsequent comment. !,ANTED BY TELL.—" Go!" she exclaimed, and never spuik to me again !" He passed out into the unsyrepathetie night, but paused when he reached the sidewalk, and drew something from one of his inside pockets. As he did so the beauti- ful girl who was watching him trom the vestbule Uttered a shrill scream and ran towards him. "Albert," she cried, "what would you do? Pray do not kill yourself ! Throw your revolver " away, and let us forget our quarrel. "It isn't a revolver," he replied, as he caught her in his arms. " It's a spanner I borrowed from you that day my wheel broke down. I have been wearing it next to my heart ever since.'"fney then returned to the parlour and took up the thread of love's young dream where it had been broken.

"My dear," %hispered the young man, "as we are so soon to be married, we should take a practical view of life and profit by the mistakes of others. For instance, theta is the subject of a regular allowance every week for spending money, you know." Oh, I've thought of that, she replied, sweetly. " Have you "Yes, indeed. Hundreds and hundreds of times; and lately I haven't thought of much else." "You know the amount of in'y income, and that I want it to go as far as possible towards our happiness?" Of course. Well, I've talked it over with mamma, ane she thinks an allowance of one dollar a week will be plenty." "Indeed !” " Oh, yes. You can walk to the office and carry your luncheon, you know, and so you can use the whole dollar for ejgars and neckties and things."

THE GREAT SKIN CURE.—"Budden's S.R. Skin Ointment" will cure Old Wounds, Ulcerated Legs, Eczema, Ringworm, Scrofula, Piles and Scurvy, and all Skin Diseases. Boxes, VA. and is. .11. d. Agent for St. Helens: J. W. Jackson. - Warrington : H. M. Ashton. Runcorn: Weston and Co. Earlest own: A. Peake. Widnes: Lewis and Calvert, Ltd.

POSTERS A SPECIALITY. JOHN WALKER AND CO EXAMINER OFFICE,

BHW3BY-3TRIINT WARRINGTOY.

TELEPHONE 355 Y.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, ••

===== 0002601_19040604_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19040604_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
he first cannon; used at Crecy. 2. Camel C(.r; Artillery Driver, T 792, 4. Artillery Driver, 19-4- 5. The Grand Pageant.

RY TOURNAMENT.

FRANCE AND THE VATICAN.

-Ten rupture would 1) a v e

taken place and at last Friday's debate in the French Chamber M. Combes. the Premier, stated that a further

;:tep than the

v;iihdrawal o f

the French Am-

bassatior from t h e Vatican

would be taken

next January to separate th e

Chnrch and the State. The CA

'Alai plan of campaign was shrouded in ystery. The latest news makes it clear iow that they do not intend to embark 3pon a protracted siege and starve Port krthur out, as was at one, time thought to their plan, but to take it by storm as quickly- as possible at any cost. Probably this will, despite the enormous loss of ife entailed, prove to be the cheapest way in the end. Continental critics have ilways held that had we not been so intent apon keeping down the casualty lists in South kfrica, not only would the campaign have Deen far shorter, but the ultimate 'total of our .osses would have been considerably less ; and t is on this principle that the Japanese are Proceeding. The first step in this programme )f assault was the capture of Kinchau and :he heights round it at the narrowest part of the isthmus, and this was successfully accom- plished after a five days' battle, which was fought with the greatest dash and pluck by the Japs.

France at one time was the chief strong- nold of Roman Catholicism in Europe, hut now things are so much changed that their Government has actually quarrelled openly with the Vatican, and relations are very much strained. Indeed, it is said that had xis7t been for 1. Delcasse, an

Pope's temporal power was, he said, an out-of-date fiction. It was with reference to th,s recall of the Ambassador that the debate took place, and the action of the Government was ratified by 38; votes to 160. The breach arose through M. Loubet's recent visit to King Victor Emmanuel at the Quirinal, which gave umbrage at the Vatican as the Pope was not visited at the same time. As a result the Pope, through Cardinal Merry del Val, sent a protest to all the Catholic powers, including France, but in the one tO France a sentence stat:ng that 'Sit was only due to motives of spt'"ial nature that the Papal Nuncio still remainea Paris," was omitted. Through one of the other powers, however (which it was is not dethzf!ely known,. this came to the knowledge of tn 6 Frepch Government, and their immediate rejoinder was the with- drawal of their ambassador from the Vatican. What the ultimate result of this breach will be it is hard to conjecture. It is Cardinal Merry del 'Val who is generally accounted responsible for it. He is a young man of under forty and was Chamberlain to the late Pope. At the conclave he acted as secretary, and upon the accession of Pope Pius X. he was appointed Pontifical Secretary of State in succession to Cardinal Rampolla, and created a Cardinal a few months later.

.. 4I .. , • ' N • . , ...- • , ..' . /.. \ \. .-- , • -2.1., ' N• . i 4, . f tr• ~,,,,, ;•• 0, '' • 7 13 • 7 1 / RDINAL MERRY DEL VAL.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
SKETCHES AT THE MILIT,

THE ROYAL MILITARY TOURNAMENT.

tThe Military Tournament at the Agricul- "ral Hall is now quite an accepted feature °f London life, and each summer seems to 7rease its popularity. Certainly this year, twenty-fifth in its history, it is more v°Pular than ever with the public, who are crowding up to Islington twice daily in their „ithcusands. As usual, the King opened it in fef°n and attended the first performance f'Si Thursday. He was accompanied by the 'Thilleen and Princess Victoria, and the Royal fi7rfY was received at the entrance of the Lord Hall by the Duge of Connaught, .j.rd Roberts, Major-General Oliphant, of the °rile District, and other military officials. . their Majest'es entered the royal box the lasse(l Guards bands under, Lieutenant Rogan "!'•Yed the National Anthem, and they re- :Allred a most enthusiastic reception from the sh -nsely crowded 1-nll. Naturally each year a o ter4l%, of this sort is compelled to reproduce -pl'aut stock features, but there are always --thritY of novelties in the programme, and „8 Year is not behind its predecessors in 'lll-r-vidi,tg new features of interest; while the • n liSical rides and other annual displays have 'pa any way lost their freshness and arity. The pageant, which is always -,,ee chief dish of the tournament, this year .aiiptiresents the history of the Royal Artillery 1..11„ is composed of thirty-two groups, which if ,•thrtrate the stages of the development of 8 fcmous branch of th service. Its .„ • is traced from the battle of Crecy "ligh the tudor period and the Civil to the .a4,raigns of Marlborough and Wellington the through the ,various great inventions of nla,st century. With die exception of the •a.,-`ici of a grreat 24-pounder siege-gun, such lis2d to be used at Gibraltar, all the erent field-pieces and guns are original and 'refi c relics. Altogether the great pageant Amects .the utmost credit on Major Hobday, la: - again responsible for it. Much oneghter is caused by two of the novelties. N-ordi'• an attack by mounted men with on on dummies on horseback with tufts -"eir helmets, and the feature of it is he I,urver Way the hores avoid and dodge their %suers- The otter is a game of push-ball Avil,Y,ed on horseback, which again shows to a pitch horses can be trained and how 'thikaordinarily intelligent they are. Every- else is scrupulously up to the mark, ..tert this year's Military Tournament will , aitly take rank as the 'best up to date.

THE RETFORD BANK NOTE MIT:ILI:S. arrest of Mr. George Alarshall, the a 'ford solicitor, in I . ondon, indeed provides ensational sequel to what is known as the q'tel INletropole mystery. The story of the theeg!..(l robbery created quite a • sensation at : Lime, Mr. Marshall for many years had e...en one of the .1-440USt prominent b Wrismen of .;etford, . and 48 in partner- with his [ether as solici- i9rs at Retford. 0141 lately he Zas managed a • nsiderable Virtion of the e of New- tle's estates.- • will be re- h ibered that and his wife d at the • Aletropole latuaryz th. .of left in charge ,casb,the hotel 4, 4.4er a ipd_cd Nvalitiehi!r. 'clar `L, he de- Atiatei,(l eontp.ined £12,000 in bank notes, and ‘%ep;'ter sum of £6,000, also in notes, in a ed" .slt-rate envelope. The next morning he :lbo for his money and put it in the bed- while he went to be shaved. It was e,lle was thus away he alleged the was stolm, although the packet con. 'l)a.re-rig the i( ,00c., remained. No effort was tattfi" on the part of Scotland yard to \vas the thief, but eventually the search 'their abandon th ed and e police struck it off %;list• In A pril Messrs. iarshall, the it'art„ 'll which Mr. George Marshall is a Akr-er,ed 111eil• petition, and Jr.ls George to stii.):all attriluit.2c: his insolvency primarily Nvk% loss of the -if Mr. ,Marshall kfter roog1befor, the Retfoird bench, and ta formally charged was remanded "le 3 Ist inst

THE JAFANT'SZ PRESS CENSOR I,`lll ,Iry in- r,rtant individual in the journa\- ir the j.Orld at the moment is Captain '1444-'415 the Japanese Press Censor, who 111anenntrol of all the war news which ~41tie-4,14e.,S from Japanese sources. Con- •etst--"Y. the papers throughout the uns- ahre delien- • 4(4 ths.l)on it reports. their Corres.: ps'ts in the. "ftte --ast, who os ting f 'ltch aloe pt r• 11 ° n e y. stlraoka ~rars , a 'Let " tie a -Nil • plin- qh, .41 his „w and so topes for. tio e , u I, ktes4°4l, he oP.( the wIG:Li e e,qol -o n tea r i• krt:awaitng ,e- -°f the p.ro Iherl Of the CA !Qtt. hen the -I,ll4lltrieZ Incrvenicnts in progress have been coni there comes through a batch the -I•,ateleßrarns decribing the latest exploit i)q-at '4teelasiling little Japs. At the end of -y --, after a silioce which puzzled every- th c/tba 4nd s -tties - military experts building theories e bi. Llet Y land and sea, tidings came of 4.144 es t land battle of the war, and the tau. Ivaa as as sensational as it was stirring. ' -41V'ent etilerallY known that the Japanese were ra-ng upon Port Arthur; but their ' •

- . • ~• \ , `NeLk -........— ..11\ v.... L..— , 1-1,-'l'• .V:,, . Y.441;01 vbi I' ! .7.: r.. GEORGE MARSHALL.

_ 7......--•••,...'---:------..:...'.....' ~.„.7,10,:t. , k‘ t f rf ,- ; * tP4- ,Liii---111* •...... -;.• ,E\ ‘.l\. ' PTAIN HIRAOKA.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDON'S OLD RESTAURANT.

Of all London restaurants none has ever been more famous or more characteristic than Simpson's, and it was quite a blow to a clientele of epicures when the Strand improvements necessitated the closure of the old building. Simpson's, moreover, was a place which has always held great attrac tions for the country cousin on his visits te London and was generally accounted one of the sights of the town. So it was with great satisfaction that the announcement that' it was to be rebuilt was received, and last week it once more opened its hospitable portals in the, Strand—a newer and more ornate Simpson's perhaps but still. possessing all the old characteristics. The prospective diner now enters an early Georgian hall with a broad oak staircase, and off it is a large. white- panelled smol;ing-room. On the ground floor is the gentlemen's dining-room, 56 feet by 32 feet, and panelled with oak 'to the height of 2 3 feet. divided into boxes. Upstairs

Is the ladkes' .dining-room ot practically simi- lar dimensions decorated in the Adam style and panelled with white. There are other reception rooms and supplementary dining - rooms, of which one for private parties will hold thirty-five people and is to be the headquarters of the Knights of the Round Table. In it will be found the celebrated mahogany table in one piece. All the other old features have been pre- tierved—the joints on trolleys, each with its larver, the old-fashioned type of English tvaiter, the quality and character of the good ind wine, the saddles of mutton and rounds if beef, the great salmon and hage turbot, the Scotch ale and old claret. followed by tie chessmen and dominoes ! Only one tinoyation has been permitted, and that is b be commended. The kitchens no 'longer ilut at half-past nine sharp, and suppers are row provided for the hungry theatre - goer. simpson's has received a very cordial telcome back to life.

~... ~...,.„.. L 1 ut--1 • , ••...!, P ''', - _ ' •S '''',- . ,•• fr,ST---- "t". , ''`): IN . '.- - 1.. ,b it, ,k, 1.- • ,-6. ' • 4- illic, •. ,__,,*- • .., - • - ..,.4 ,•,._ , T . _- •:'' - t ;Ai, .11.iim: 4,, , --",--: ,••• ..-..11, PT,111"Itilill ' • .:I .1. I --- 1 ' ...--:., lig‘ i / L, ' .--... !‘ I i.fh • I 1,, t •••• -- -I I 0 - ="‘•-• . i •:,', •'l. 1 a___ 4i 00.1 #.=.9„, 1 • ! # , _-,-- _ -.,___Z_ ip I ir • asleep ....,•,-- :,=:;:-----= -..,... . • .. ....__1----z:-- ~, -•.,:::----- th, ~ tOP.II . . •"•hi o

SIMPSON'S IN THE STRAND.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
EVENT

===== 0002601_19040604_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
THE WEEK.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COBDEN CENTENARY,

A hundred years ago yesterday Richard Cobden first sag the light. Though a Sussex village has the distinction of being his birthplace, his name is inseparably associated with Lancashire. This week in every corner of Great Britain the centenary"of Cobden's birth is being celebrated by his admirers. The hundredth anniversary comes at a peculiarly appropriate time, and it may almost be described as topical,as after fifty years of almost un- challenged acceptance the chief plank of his policy is now being actively called into question, and the country is taking sides upon it almost as hotly as it did in the thirties and forties. Cobden was, heart and soul, the advocate of Free Trade,which for sá long has been the dominating policy of Great Britain, but now it seems that the next General Election, whether near at hand or distant in date, will be fought on the question of a continuance or a reversal of this fundamental dogma of politics. In addition to Free Trade, peace, economy, and non-intervention were the great principles of his political creed, and his desire was not to see England the leading power in war but in peace, extending trade and exchanging the sword for the shuttle. He was the founder and leader of the Manchester school in politics ; and though a Sussex man by birth, it is with Manchester that Cobden's name will always be principally associated, as it was in connection with that great commercial centre that he evolved his policy, which roused such hostility in the agricultural circles in which he was bred. As a speaker he was always lucid and convincing, and, above all, had the great rhetorical gift of carrying his audience with him sending them along believing when they had come to scoff, persuaded against their will by his masterly eloquence. Another asset in politics was the high respect with which he was re- garded even by his bitterest opponents, who never accused, him of self-seeking, but honoured his single-mindedness and purity of purpose. Money and office had no charm for him, and few men who have fought the keen fight of politics can boast such a conspicuously honourable and untarnished record.

THE FOUNDERS OF OUR FREE TRADE SYSTEM.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
These Portraits aro repruduced from photographs which were supplied many years age by the subjects themselves with the exception of that of Cobden, which is taken from the family Portrait in the Possession of his daughter, Mrs. Fisher Unwin.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
RICHARD COBDEN.

Richard Cobden, the Apostle of Free Trade, was born in 1804 at Heyshott, near Midhurst, in Sussex. He belonged to old yeoman stock. On leaving school he became clerk in his uncle's warehouse in the city of London, and then a commercial traveller in the cotton trade. When he was twenty- four years old he and two friends set up in business on their own account. They quickly prospered, and Cobden was able to devote time to public affairs. He taught himself French, practised English composition, and travelled. In 1839 lie joined the•Anti-Corn Law Association, and was acknowledged leader. In 1841 he was elected M.P. for Stockport. Mr. Morley says that his maiden speech was much more than a success in the ordi- nary sense of attracting the attention of the most difficult of all audiences. They recognised the rare tone of reality and the note of a man dealing with things and not words. His principal work, however, was on the platform. He spent his life in public meetings. He and John Bright went up and down the country arguing, exhorting, and appealing for funds for the crusade. While he was in pursuit of this public work his private business suffered, and at the moment of his triumph he was a ruined man. A public subscription was raised, and £BO,OOO collected. A considerable part was used to discharge his business obligations, and the rest invested. Cobden twice refused Ministerial office, but rendered great service to the nation in the Commercial Treaty with France. He received another subscription for that work. He died in London of bronchitis in his sixty-second year. In the House of Commons Mr. Disraeli paid a very high tribute to his memory.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN BRIGHT.

The main facts of Jchn Isright's career are familiar to the public. He was, born at Rochdale 1811, the son of a cotton-mill owner, to which business be succeeded, and was a member of the Society of Friends.l Cobden was invited by him in 1837 to speak at an education meeting in Rochdale. Bright was then twenty-six years of age, and greatly impressed the visitor, and a couple of year,: afterwards the two appeared together at an anti-

===== 0002601_19040604_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
BIOGRAPFHOAL NOTES.

corn law meeting at Balton. Bright was reluctant to enter public life, but some' little time after the death of his young wife he was persuaded by Cobden to do so. In the movement which followed the two were held to be the complements and correla- tives of each other. "Cobden," as the late Mr. P. W. Clayden observed, "had the calmness and confidence of the political philosopher, Bright the passion and the fervour of the popular orator. Cobden did the reasoning, Bright supplied the declamation, but mingling argument with appeal." Lord Salisbury paid John Bright the tribute of saying that he was the greatest orator that his generation, or indeed several generations, had seen. He held office twice under Mr. Gladstone as Chan- cellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, but resigned when Alexandria was bombarded. He was also emphatic in his dissent from Mr. Gladstone's Home Rule proposals.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARLES PELHAM VILLIERS.

The Right Hon. Charles Pelham Villiers had several claims to distinction7-not the least being the length of his political. career. He was born ic 1802, was called to the Bar at Lincoln's-inn in 1827, and became one of the members in the House of Commons for Wolverhampton in 1835. He remained M.P. for the same constituency, without a break, for sixty-two years! As an independent Liberal member he was one of the most prominent leaders of the Anti-Corn Law agitation. He began to make his motion in Parliament when the prospect of any success seemed hopeless, and he pursued it with untiring energy and courage. Mr. Cobden fully recognised the part he played in securing the triumph. In 1853 Mr. Villiers joined the Liberal Government as Judge Advocate-General; and later he became President of the Poor-Law Board. While holding that office he revised the poor-law system, by an Act that he carried through Parliament in the face of considerable criticism. In 1879 a marble statue of Mr. Villiers was unveiled by the late Earl Granville at Wolverh,:mpton, when his work tor Free Trade was eulogi-ed. On the Home Rule split Mr. Villiers became a Liberal-Unionist.- In later years he was very little seen in Parliament. But the electors of Wolverhampton were in lulgent, on account of his long and distinguisked association with the town.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
HENRY ASH WORTH.

Henry Ashworth was born at Birtvhstle. near Bolton, in Lancashire, in 1794, and was educated at the famous school of. the Society of Friends at Ackworth. In partnership with a brother ne became proprietor of large cotton-mills. He was one of the founders of the Anti-Corn Law League. and an intimate friend of Cobden. With Bright and Cobden he made a tour of the northern counties to obtain information as to the state of agriculture, and they were known as the "A •13 e" of the League, "gone to ‘study farming." Mr. Ashworth was the mover of the resolution at the great meet- ing in Manchester that £250,000 sterlivg should be raised to prosecute the agitation. lie published a volume of recollections of Cobden. He was a member of the Society of Friends, but with a curious fondness for the use of the gun. At the age of eighty he was still a remarkably good shot.. He died at Florence in his eighty-sixth year, the cause being fever contracted while travelling near Rome.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
GEORGE WILSON.

George Wilson, chairman of the Anti-Corn Law League, was born at Hathersage, Derbyshire, in 1808. His father was a miller there, but taking up a corn merchant's business in Manchester he.put his son to school there. Mr. Wilson was taken into the corn business, but, profiting by instruction from Dr. Dalton, the eminent chemist, he struck out a line for himself in the starch and gum trade, and from that to public work. As a youth he was president of the Manchester. Phrenological Society, and as a young man secretary to the committee which obtained the charter of incorporation for Manchester in 1830. He was made a member of the Executive. Committee of the Anti-Corn Law Association when it was formed in January, 1839, and was chosen chairman in 1841, when the title was turned into that of League. When the League was dissolved, its occupation being gone out with the repeal of the Corn Laws, he was presented with a cheque for £lO,OOO, as a tribute to his splendid service as an organiser. 'The League was revived for a brief period when Lord Derby talked oi re-introducing a moderate duty on corn. In later years Mr. Wilson was president of the National Reform Union. The year before his sudden death. in IE7O he was made chairman of the Lancashire anti Yorkshire Railway Company.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL LEAGUE.

Presentation to Mr. T. P. Bradshaw.

The annual general meeting of the Warrington and District Association Football League was held at the Marquis of Granby, Church-street, on Thursday evening under the presidency of Mr. T. P. Bradshaw (chairman of the league).—The statement of accounts was pre- sented by Mr. W. H. Smalley (hon. treasurer). The year commenced with a balance in hand of £6 Bs. 3d., and after paying expenses there was now a credit balance of £8 4s. 3d.

The CHAIRMAN said the league was in a very good position financially, and the past season was about the best they had had. They were going the right way to have a good reserve fund for future years. The balance sheet was adopted. _

The officers were elected is follows :—President, Mr. William Chalmers; vice-presidents, Messrs. F. J. Whittle (who retired frnm the presidency after two years' service), J. F. D ivey and H. Isherwood; chair- man, Mr. T. P. Bradshaw; secretary, Mr. C. T. Cox; treasurer, Mr. W. H. Smalley; auditors, Messrs. J. A. Banks and J. J. Kite. _

The meeting was then adjourned until July 28th, when the revision of rules' admisEl_on of new clubs, arranging of fixtures, &c., will be considered. A largely attended "smoker" was afterwards held, Mr. F. J. Ivhittle presiding. The newly-elected presi- dent was also present. The toast of The Warrington and District Football League" was proposed by Mr. Harvey, who paid a tribute to the work of the officials. Speaking of Mr. Bradshaw, he said he had done sterling work for the i league. He bad taken a great interest n association football for many years, and he (Mr. Harvey) might safely say that no man in Warrington had done more to further the game than Mr. Bradshaw. With regard to the secretary, Mr. Cox stepped into the position vacated at a very i important time in the history of the league and he had carried out the duties very success- fully. Mr. W. H. SMALLEY responded.

A very interesting event took place in the presenta- tion of a handsome dressing case to Mr. Bradshaw in recognition of his eight years' services as chairman. Mr. WHITTLE made the presentation and eulogised Mr. Bradshaw's work. He did not think there was any man in Warrington who had given more time and more willing service to the furtherance of association foot- ball locally. The gift had been subscribed for not only by members of the league, but by friends of Mr. Brad- shaw who were lovers of football and thought he was deserving of some recognition for the services he had rendered. In handing over the dressing c,ase,Mr.Whittle expressed the hope that the recipient would live for many years to enjoy the use of it. (Applause.) Mr. BRADSHAW said he was rather taken by surprise and hardly knew how to thank them. In the first place he wished to take the opportunity of thanking the mem- bers of the league for re-electing him to the office of Chairman for eight years in succession. He need hardly say that lie had the interests of the game at heart, and he would be willing to do all he could to promote the interests of football in the Warrington district. As Chairman of the league, he claimed that it was conducted on sound business principles, and further that it would compare favourably with any league in the district. He did not for one moment imagine that every decision he had given had met with the approval of the delegates. He did not expect that. He did not, however, think that some of the delegates had taken the decisions of the committee with the grace that they should have done. He was sorry that there had been so many cases of misconduct on the field during the past season. The association had dealt with almost 100 cases,andhe thought the number was too high con- sidering the small radius covered by the league. Foot- ball could be played• and would have to be played in a proper and sportsmarlike manner. Mr. Bradshaw cordially thanked his co-workers, and congratulated Oughtrington Park upon winning the championship of the league. The record of the team was a splendid one, and he wls sorry Oughtrington Park would not figure in the league next season. He wished them the same suc- cess in the Manchester League. It had been alleged in newspaper correspondence that the championship of the second division had been "given" to Stockton Heath Reserve. He did not think it was necessary for him to say that that was an absolute lie. The team had fought their matches with bona -ffde reserve men and had not played first team men, as had been done in Warrington on many occasions.

The Chairman presented gold medals to Oughtringtod Park and silver medals to Stockton Heath Reserve. During the evening songs were rendered by Miss Whittle, Messrs. Pemberton, Burke, Moorfield, Thomason, Foulkes, A Pemberton, and Wright. Mr. Austen Vernon sontributed gramaphone selections, and Mr. Parry gave solos on the bones.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAY QUEEN FESTIVAL. Fine Weather and a Successful Celebration.

The annual May Queen Festival was held at Earles- town on Saturday, and though the weather had been unsettled all the week the great day turned out beauti- fully fine. There was consequently a large influx ob visitors to the town, and the procession with its sus- sequent ceremonies was watched by a great concourta of people. As a gratifying result it is hoped then pearly £lOO will accrue for the St. John's Completion Wand. Decorations in the Earlestown streets were of a lavish scale.and the whole place was unmistakably and obviously en fete.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROCESSION.

The procession was led off about 2 o'clock by the Warrington Legh-street Brass Band and the mounted marshals, Messrs. W. and J. Beere. It was divided into seven sections and comprised an enormous number of characters. Miss Martha Adams was the May Queen.

HER MAJ EST Y'S ROBES.

The May Queen, who was prettily attired in a charm- ing dress of pale green Mousseline silk, gauged yoke, and finished with berthe of cream accordeon pleating. The sleeves were also gauged and finished with cream accordeon pleating. The skirt was made with a tucked front, trimmed with gold braid and strings of pearls, caught up with gold and brilliant ornaments and finished with a heavy gold tassel. The sides of the skirt were gauged, and finished with a flounce to match. The train was of rich crimson plush lined throughout with pale green Louisine silk to match the dress. This was bordered with ermine, finished on the shoulders with white plumes and cream satin ribbon, to which were attached heavy gold cords and tassels. Large bows of cream satin ribbon completed the train. The whole of the dress, &c.,were supplied by Miss A. Stathem, Haydock-street. The queen' as she was drawn through the streets in her brougham by four greys in charge of outriders, certainly made a very pretty picture, and many were the complimentary references she evoked. She carried a handsome shower bouquet of roses and lilies. Miss May Gerrard, lady-in-waiting, was attired in cream cashmere, with a train of Royal blue plush, trimmed with ermine, whilst the eight maids of honour were prettily dressed in cream cashmere, and wore dainty coronets.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIZE WINNERS.

The following is a -list of prize-winners during the afternoon :

Tableaux: 1," Snowdrop Queen" (Miss Smith) ;2, "Fairy Queen" (Mrs. J. Naylor responsible) ;3, "ally Haymakers" ( M rs. Harri son responsible) ;"Violet Queen " (Miss Price) was highly commended. Judges, Mrs. G. H. Herrod, Mrs. A. Brown, Mrs. S. Dring. _

Best decorated liorse in the procession : 1, gankey Sugar Works (J. Dutton driver) ; 2, District Council (J. Adams driver) ; 3, Thomas Bond (Haydock) ; T. Baskerville, highly commended. Judges, Messrs. Dod- son and Alderson.

Lady 03 clists in character: 1, "Snake Charmer," Mrs. Brown (Manchester) 2, "The Bohemian Girl," Mrs. Hatfield (Manchester); 3, "Pictorial Magazine,. Miss Martha Rose (Earlestown). Judges, Messrs. P. Glynn and F. Maynard. Orentlemen cyclists in character: 1, "Santa Claus," J. Batley (Oldham); 2, "Our Navy," T. Jackson (Tyldesley); 3, "British Navy," R. G. Wrigley (Leigh). Comic cyclists in costume: 1, J. Scotson ; 2, J. Wilson; 3, J. Jones (laundry).

===== 0002601_19040604_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
BAND CONTEST.

To add to the attractions a band contest was held on the Market ground after the crowning of the " Queen," when three bands competed, viz., Earlestown, Platt Bridge, and Walkers' (Warrington). The test piece was the march " Tannhauser." Mr. Peter Fairhurst, of Crooke, was the adjudicator, and after hearing the three bands, placed Earlestown first, Platt Bridge second, and Walkers' third. The prizes were £B, .25, and .23. Pre- vious to the procession four bands competed in a quick step competition between the' Griffin Hotel and the Ram's Head Hotel. Platt Bridge took the first prize, .£2 25., Earlestown second and Legh-street, (War- rington) third, and Walker's fourth.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ALARMING INCIDENT.

Whilst Walkers'l3Zif;a;.i;l;Yinii-lie test piece in the band contest an alarming incident occurred, when a travelling cinematograph show tent was found to be in flames. The management of the show generated its own electricity for illumination purposes, and it was surmised that a wire fused. Damage was done to the extent of £lOO, the cinematograph instrument being totally destroyed.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OFFICERS.

The than.ks of the -Plll;liCa.;;Cl7e. to the officials, the many patrons and subscribers, and also to the committee of management :—The .IZev. T. R. Matthews (chairman), Messrs. Olpenshaw, G. Dale, W. Dale, T. E. Greening, Edwards, T. Hardman, J. Rylance and A. Brown. Great credit is due to Mr. Sidney Kilmister,the hon. secretary for his untiring and willing efforts. Thehon. treasurers of the Completion Fund are Messrs. Molyneux and Pimblett ; cashier, Mr. W. Dale ; masters of cere- monies, Messrs. S. Openshaw and J. Brown ; chief marshal, Mr: W. Dale; manageress of refreshments,Mrs. G. Dale, and pianist, Mr. C. Fearnley. The thanks of the committee are also tendered to the donors of prizes and the many other willing wdrkers.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RECEIPTS.

The sum of X7l was taken 'ni.-the'iates on the Market ground. The street collection amounted to £4 55., and Master 1 Forskaw, of Earlestown, won the first prize for the largest amount collected.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
PSORIASIS AND ECZEMA

Milk Crust, Scalied Head, Tetter, Ringworm and Pimples

===== 0002601_19040604_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPLETE TREATMENT, 45,9 d.

For Torturing, Disfiguring Humours, From Pimples to Scrofula, From Infancy to Age.

The agonizing itching and burning of the skin, as in eczema; the frightful scaling, as in psoriasis; the loss of hair and crusting of the scalp, as in scalled head; the facial disfigurement, as in pimples and ringworm; the awful suf- fering of infants, and anxiety of worn- out parents, as in milk crust, tetter and salt rheum—all demand a remedy of almost superhuman virtues to success- fully cope with them. That Cuticura Soap, Ointment and Pills are such stands proven beyond all doubt. No statement is made regarding them that Is not justified by the strongest evi- dence. The purity and sweetness, the power to afford immediate relief, the certainty of speedy and permanent cure, the absolute safety and great economy have made them the standard skin cures and humour remedies of the civilized world.

Complete treatment for every humour, consisting of Cuticura Soap to cleanse the skin, Cuticura Ointment to heal the skin, and Cuticura Resolvent Pills to cool and cleanse the blood may now be had for 4s. 9d. A single set is often sufficient to cure the most torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning and scaly humours, eczemas, rashes and irrita- tions, from infancy to age, when all else fails.

Sold throughout the world. Cuticura Resolvent. 2s. IS. (In form of Chocolate Coated Pills. Is. 10. per vial of 60). Ointment. 2s. 6d., Soap, Is. Depots : London. 27 Charter - house Sq.; Paris. 3 Rue de la Pam; Roston, 137 Columba* Ave. Potter Drag 88 Chem. Corp., Sole Proprietors. Or Send for "How to Cure Every Humour."

===== 0002601_19040604_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
LOVE LETTERS FOR THE PUBLIC. A Novel Dispute at Earlestown.

A curious application came before Sir Samuel Half, in the Lancashire Court of Chancery at St. George's Hall, on Thursday morning, when Mr. Harold Mather, on behalf of a tradesman at Earlestown and his wife, sought to restrain a man named William Lundy, resid- ing in Wigan, from publishing, or parting with the possession of, a number of letters which he had in his possession, which vere the property of the plaintiffs, and which had passed between the plaintiffs prior to their marriage a short time ago. It appeared that all the parties formerly lived in one house, and the defendant thus obtained possession of the documents. Differences arose between them a few months ago, and the plaintiffs purchased a business at Earlestown. This annoyed the defendant who, with ths view of injuring the business, threatened to deliver an address outside the plaintiffs' premises and to dis- tribute in the neighbourhood the plaintiffs' private letters which had come into his possession. At the sitting of the court on Monday an order restraining the defendant front carrying out his threats was obtained. Mr. Mather now applied for a summons, returnable next Monday, preparatory to the issue of a writ of attachment for the arrest of the defendant on the ground that he was guilty of contempt in having carried out his threats in defianee of the order. Counsel read an affidavit to the effect that yesterday the defendant delivered a speech to a crowd of people outside the plaintiffs'premises, and distributed amongst them twenty-eight of the plaintiffs' letters, each being inn separate envelope tied up with ribbon. The Court, said Mr. Mather, were dealing with a desperate man. _ _

The defendant' did not appear. The Vise-chancellor granted the application, remark- ing that they would make short stork of the defendant if he disobeyed the order. He thought, however, that the defendant should be told to consult a solicitor,who might inform him that he would not be fined or would not go to gaol for fourteen days, but mighthave to go for six months or until such time as he apologised and satisfied the court that the offence would not be re- peated. He did not mean that this would necessarily be the result of the notice of motion to be dealt with on Monday, but he thought the defendant ought to be made to appreciate the importance of the situation.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Field Club.

The Warrington Field Club had their first excur- sion of the summer session on Saturday. It was well attended and fortunately the weather was fine. The party wended their way to the Denna but through the abundance of wet weather previously, there was little to attract the notice of the Zoologists generally though. the botanical world was through the same looking its best. The birch, alder, ash, holly and laburnum trees were noted in bloom, while flowers abounded. Among ethers were observed the greater stitchwort, calandine, red campion, marsh, pennywort and wood sorrel. Galls on the oak tree, a fungus on the birch, and attacks on the alder tree were some of the items that occupied the members' attention. Each collected specimens for preservation according to his special study, and altogether a pleasant afternoon was spent

===== 0002601_19040604_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19040604_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Ur " Z:ftmtner faertes

r WA.RAINGTON .I,ND RID-CHIISHIBB Rtkattqrca " puhlishSi eVlrr Sstorit.'" morning. T' - ia.ftr,f4qr3Vg AID IMWT3N Et!. AMER, p 111 i anei ege-v Friday afte-noon. T' 'a .4T. RICLRN7B &ICS1.11:4 K It: published every F rwiar afternoon. T' " tt,"criaN I,l3cA.himica." published every Frtinv afternoon. TaFi - V IDNKS EIELNUCER." published every 2. Frtdav afternoon. PIt,II3AED ADVF:RTIST.M.ENT AP am-A.:qr.) Waarrqn HOUSES WANTED APARTM.,.Nrs To LET 'HOUSES TO NE SOLD ARTICLE'S LOST XIISCELLANEWS NANTS ARTICLES F .1, In NLISCELLSNEOITS SALES One Three Six ,X7nrels. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 15 .................. Os, 6d. ... ls. 3d. ... Es. Odr 97 35 5 cz

===== 0002601_19040604_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Bonteqtit Roerbantl. ett

WANTED qood plain COOK.—Apply 7, OXFORD ROAD, Birkdale. Southport.

QBASIDR. —Gener9.l Wanted; small family; good home. —M.. 39, Hamlet Court rd..

WANTRD, WM:HAL STIRVANT.—kpoIv Mrs. REM- SHAW. The Limes. Stratton. near Whrrington.

WANTRD, Houseml, Nursemaid and a General ; good character required.—GßAM cffnoL, Sale.

WANT KT), 14011-11 IR'S HELP; font of children.—Apply Mrs. KERSIILW, Lauderdale, Drayrotr. near Derby.

Au ANTRD Goori GRNRRAL; three in family.-1? SITT.v.ER VV En. A..resfi rd.,Claremont Retate,Pendleton,Nrch'ter

WAN ^RD, GENHILA.L, ah,nt 18, ab'e to do plain cook- inz.—gre. RIGUV. Model Farm, M&hull, nr

WANTBD, clean respectable GIRL about 16 for house; work? reference required.—DAVENPORT, Sunny- Bank, Golborne.

MRS. CRAVEN'S Select Servants' RBGISTRY OFFICE. .1.7 I —LndiPs and Servants suited daily —l6, Simmons it., Blackburn.

WANTRD strong GIRL -about 17 or 18, no dairy. Apply MRS. EDWARD LUST, Brookfiel.l Farm. Long Lane, F zakerley. WANTRD. GIRL, strong. honest, 16 to 18 as GRNERAL : good home to suitable gIrI._CRoSItAW. 4, Accring- ton H., Blsckburn.

WA.NTBD. PARI OUII-MAID,for u doctor's hose. reliable ; are 25 to 28.—Apply Mrs. Iltralizs. Roe-st. House Morel...afield.

WANTED, at once experienced nnOK-GENREA.L. wash- ing ; refprences.—Apply Mn. WRIGHT, Wardle Vicarage, Rochdale.

WANTED GlRL(abont 16) tq help with housework and children; good home. -HtLDITCEI, 4W, Eccles New rd., Weaste, Manchester.

--- WANTED a Christian GIRL as General, h.lp given.— Anplv Mrs. SOMERSET, Kersal House, Radford et., 111214er Br u.713t0n. Manchester.

WANTHD.COOK-MCSIHRAL. after Whitanntide.— Apply hetween 5 and 7, nrifter.9 o'eln3k,:or by letter,GAßLE Nonx, Park rd.. Hale rheabire.

ANTRn CO')K-GENBRAL, at District Nurses' licine ; TV all house wa•hing ; another maid In.pt.—Apply SIPERINTENvitI.T. l. Arnley Street, Warrington.

ANTIgn. Toting GRNERAL ; part washing; two in TV family ; state wages, references : fare paid. —Mrs. GRovra, Laurel Bank Mornington rd., Sal., Cheshire.

KRNTS' A GENCY, RHYL, wants 100 serv.nta ; male f..male ; hirrhest w 'res. Fares paid. Also recom- mended Apartments. Furnished Houses Au. Stamp

A Lt. MASSES OF 81tRVANT4 ready from country or _/-1 town 13111,11 e Rod private—flail or write Miss 4111tIdON'S only offilel. 6,olrlham street, Manehe4ter. llstablished 1862.

WANTRD , HOTYSRMAID and Hona.maid-Waitress three Pervin ta and {Virden.- !rept ; washinz sent out —Apply PITABURY, Meadowslea, Hope Station. near Chester. --- - COOK 4 WANTRD £2O to EN, Housemaid Waitress £lB to £l2. Generals £lB to Er. Girls c lel, excellent places. No f•onnectinn with any other office. —Write to HARRISON'S 6, Oldham street. Manchester.

ALL CLASSES OF STTUATIONS. nrivate and pnblic4 gnod homA. ercellent wages ; placPs in town.country B.n d selslde. —Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street, Manchester.

ANT'T"). en exnerienced. reliable Cook-General. for VT beginnitg of June. where houseme id is kept; three ; gnirl reference required ; ate 31 to 35 ; comfort- able home.-Addre*s Mrs. Disto,Y,3tacksteads or Manchester.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
,JPJ: anteb.

lATANTRII sunlight and lifebuoy wrappers, lt-d pee dozen G. W ALLIS, 80 Mill mod, Cambridge.

UNLIGHT, LIFICBUOY TOPS WANTIiI). le. per 100; Matehles. whole le. 3d. —TAYLOR, 42,George at.. Hull.

AGENTS WANTBD, big profits. great novelty quick sale. P4rticulars stamp.—J. MILLER a Cu.. 245, Pentonville rd , Inndon

WANTED. at onee BOY and YOUTH to drive one horse; zo live in or out.—Mrs. RIGBY, Model Farm, Maghtill near Liverpool.

T IF 14 POLICIIIS and RIWHRSIONS purchased. Corres- -L pondence WALKER, Darwin Avenue, Buxton. Mention paper.

WANTED YOUNG MA.N ASSISTA,NT for the Boot Traria in Wa.lington —Wages, refs., &c., to Box H. 0., Examiner Office. Warrington.

WANTED at once YOUTH or Elderly Man for garden and poultry. Hxnerle iced. To live in. MAJOR Willow House, Godstone, Surrey.

IDRII9ONg WANTED for Rome Writinit, Coovinft no canv4Bsing. Particulars send stamped address.—Mr. BUTLFR 38, Cannily (It., Leeds.

1 000 CLINKRRS MAY BIC HAD at the CO/O'OllA V./ TION KLECTILICITY WORIO, Howley. id. per load given for cartin¢.—Apply at the OFFICE.

AGPM'S, TRAVELLICR3, wanted to sell our unique Cciinioiii Stufwearrli to Shopkeepers.—Particulars, CHARLFA JoisEPHSoN,23 Cecil Court, Charing Cross. Condon.

QUPRRINTENDUNTFI(spare time).—Wanted, also Agents. Weekly Accident and Dise-tses Insurance.--Special terms Mayeaga,' National Indu•trial Insurance Association. 37 Welbrook, London.

WANTED, SECRETARY for a Aroposed Permanent MonPv Society for Widnes• This position vtonld suit an Accountant, Estate Agent, or Rent Collector.—Address MW.. "Examiner " Office, Warrington.

COTTAGE HOMES for Children over three. Bove and Girls tv,arrled. cloth d. and educated; and on leaving given a good start in life. Payment. Ss. 6,1 a week.-6ECRE- TARN', C/ ) Mrs. Griffiths, Spring Grove, Maiden, Kent. ANIT ARY TII3PECTORS.—LADY HEALTH VISITORS; 5.7 £lOO to £350 ; several hundred vacancies ; 300 successes. postal course commencincr for I iverponl and Manchester Exams. ?Pe 25s —MusmErca. Science Teacher, Sunderland.

PRTNPRSHIP.— Smart young A fif with funds required by Liverpool Manufacturing and Commission firm. Good salary and one third of profits. Applicants p'e4se state amount of money available.—Hteßov, 49, White- chapel, Liverpool.

L"D iN AND MANCHITHR INDINTKI xL ASSUR- ANCE COMPANY.—WANTRD COLLECTORS AND CANVASSERS for Warrington and surrounding districts, good terms to np-n who can introduce businesa.—Apolv H. PENKE'TH. superintendent; Midland Buildings, Winwick street, Warrington.

WANTED NUM, Young and Old-, to write for our book, "How to become an Electrical Engineer 1." sent post free. It tells how thousands gain better positions and salaries studying Electrical or Mechanical Engineering at Home by post; etilorsed by Thomas A. Bdisoa and British Electricians. —Address ELECTRICAL ENGINEER INSTITUTE OF CORRESPONDENCE INSTRUCTION, 413, TernOe Chambers. Temple Avenue, London. B.C.

FURNITURE, PIANOS. STOCKS. &c.. BOUGHT FuR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT, OR A.LVANOIS MAOE. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGE FOR INSPBCTION. HAICTLEY AND CO.. 12, MOSS-STEEET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
g(tbital.

WITHOUT STOMACHIC DOSlNG.—Chronic Eczema and Ringworm Cured; remedies 13d.—F. HARRIS, Sec. 119 Hanover it., Sheffield.

QTRItILI rY in women ; its CRUIVIS and curative treatment. VI By a lato Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. New Ndltion jnot published,post free 31.8 d.—SHELLEY a Co. LTD.,3B, Grace ,urch at.. Lnndon.

ERPNRIBNC Male and Female NURSHS et a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NIIRREB Isamu- noir, Hope House, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 2570 Boval. Telegraphic kddress •I Nurses."

HRUMATOID ARTHRlTlS.—Rheumatiem, Rheumatoid it Arthritis and tihenmatic Gout speedily Cured. Mar- vellous new discoveries. Splendid results !—Bastste- GOULD, Rheumatic Specialist, Queenewood-road, Moseley, Birmingham. Advice and Testimonials Free.

C_ LAIRVOYANCB—that mysterious healing medium by which such marv-ilous results have been obtained. Upon receipt of lock of hair from any person having any ailment or disease from wnttever Cause or however long standing, I wlli undertake to forward recipe and particulars of treatment, by means of which I am curing and have cured hundreds. No cats too difficult.—Send at once, enclosing age, sex. Icc., and Postal Order 2s. 6d..t0 Pr,fessor STBOGOFF, Cio Brooke & ,Walker, Cheapsidef Chambers, Bradford.

Poultry, Oggs, Ur.

AREVOLUTION in poultry-farming. Interesting pros- pectus free.—Al Ise SmataatosE, Beckley SIIIISOX.

Otorkg, Zuciintooo. ett.

*)orges, arriactec3. Übe Stork Scr

TIOGS AND PHTS, remedies for all diseases, boxes Is.— KING, 22 Drury Hill, Nottingham.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
OLo be 'krt.

277XTHRRINB hITRIOIT, 6 Rooms 4s. 3d. per week. PRNKBTH.—GOOD ROHM., WITH GARDENS, 3e. 9d. Per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 28. 6d. per week, WARRINGTON.—Large SHOP; in principal positions in main streets, Rents £2OO. £l5O. £lOO and £9O a year IVY LODGB.PROGHALL LANE rent £45 a year on lease. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War - eington. Telephone7-N0 55.

IHT.—HOUSE and SHOP, Parker at.—Apply WOODS 1. AND BON, bolicitors, Horsemarket at., Warrington.

EXTERNAL TRBATMENT.-SIMPLE. SAFE CHEMIN. NO HUMBUG, NO BUNKUM. GUARANTBRD THE MOST WONDBRPUL SPRCI FOR HUMAN SUFFERING EVER PLACED BRFORB TUB PUBLIC.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
VITA-LEO

,1 CONQUERS Pain, Sickness, and Suffering. Restores and Preserves Health, Prolongs Life. AN IDEAL EMBROCATION FOR ;ATHLETES. VITA-LEO OINTMENT CURES Bad Legs, Ulcers, Sores, Wounds, Eczema, and other Skin Diseases. Blood Poison, Piles, Fistula, ac. POST FREE VITA.LISO is. 3d., Is. 9d., and 2s. 9d; OINTMENT, 7d. and is. Id. Direct from Manufacturers, 14 ASS ARD AND CO., 180 GREAT BRITAIN STREET, DUBLIN. Pamphlet oa'• Disease, Cause, Prevention and Cure" free. PLEASE MENTION THIS PAPER.

4Riaellanous, n sales,

HAY.—ALDERsoN BROTHERN Direct Importers. 25. Brasenose roar], Liverpool .

LITRONG TOMAI.O PLANTS. carriage paid, 6d. per doz.— kJ W. GILLETT, Ampthlll, Be ie.

ANTIQUB Furniture for SALL Bargains. ALB YX HOUSE, Parsons Green, London.

VISITING CARDS. —5O Gilt-edged Cards, printed 18.; 100, ls. 6d.--- CROBBY, Spring Hill. Birmingham.

MOUS2A.OHlC.'—leinest Recipe known. P.O. Is. Id. post 1. free.—Pww. Br wanns, 127, Chester rd., Watford.

PRINTIEM.-250 Memos, Cards or Billheads, 2s. 4d. ; 100, is. 6d. ; specimens free.—RYLKY'S PRINTERY.YiiMbOrne

QTAMPS.-35 rare varieties, and three high class pictorial Oroeteards 3d—SMYTH STAMP C'o.,Boscombe,Bournernnuth.

PHOTO POS.I2CA.RDS of yourself.—Twelve for is. 6d. ; send photo,no money.—HElstiv, 7 Chatham. et., Liverpool.

SACKS and BAGS for all purposes • speciality Potato Bags. G. T. MURRAY, sack dealer, 113, Green lane, Stoney- croft. Liverpool.

pL ACARDS. EXTRA Lktu SIZ di OUR speciality. ALL kinds of BOOKS BOUND in any style from the simplestito the most elaborate.

ALL KINDS ,OF PRINTING FOR

ilottses anti Eanb on &ale.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

JUNE 4, 1904.

THE Anglo-French THE ANGLO-FRENCH Convention came AGREEMENT. before the House of Commons on Wednesday, and the ,'general opinion was happily expressed by Sir EDWARD GRAY, who said he did not begrudge France what she had gained by an agreement of which the spirit was better than the letter. It is likely enough that in a material sense France has the best of the bargain. It is true that as Sir CHARLES DILKE reminded the House, certain inconvenient points have been left un- settled. We have never been able to understand why the French rights in Newfoundland were not extinguished once for all. France has sur- rendered her ownership of what was called the French shore," but she retains fishing rights in the waters of a Bricish Colony and the right to use the shore of that Colony for canning and drying fish. On the other hand we are finally rid of the friction caused by the mixed administration in Egypt. France has resigned . even the shadow of political control over a Icountry which at one time was the apple of her eye. She has given this up no doubt in exchange for the preponderent influences in Morocco to which she is justly entitled. The wisdom of this part of the agreement finds a practical illustration in the action cf the United States. An American subject has been carried oft by Moorish Brigands, and it is to France that the Washington Cabinet has turned for redress. It is no use looking to the unfortunate Sultan, who is not master in his own house. The American warships at Tangier can have more influence over the Sultan than they can over the brigands, who do not live on tha sea- shore, but France has a recognised responsibility under the Convention and is prepared to exercise it.

Wednesday's debate was rather academic

because the most important part of the subject could not be discussed. This is the effect of the agreement on the relations between England and France with regard to the war in the Far East. It would be no more judicions to talk about that in the House of Commons than to talk about it in the French Chamber. But everybody knows that the two nations have greatly relieved the danger of entanglement in the conflict between Russia and Japan. France naturally sympathises with Russia, but her sympathy is not feverish, and she shows notithe smallest disposition to question the motives of this country. It is quite easy to imagine condi- tions in which the feeling would be very different. A few years ago this crisis would have provoked angry recriminations, and made the task of pacific diplomacy in Western Europe enormously difficult ; but to-day France watches the misfor- tunes of her ally without any uneasiness as to her own position. Whatever may happen she is not called upon to lend a hand. She is not less im- pressed than the rest of the world by the revela- tion of Japan's material and moral strength, and of Russia's weakness: and she is not likely to be stirred out of her neutrality by the GERMAN EMPEROR'S alleged desire to befriend Russia in time of need. The KAISER is an incalculable fac- tor in European politics. He may still cherish the belief that Christondom ought to make common cause against the yellow races. At any rate 11(') never loses sight of the fact that Russia is his most formidable neighbour to whom it nray he politic to do a good turn. But the idea of France threaten- ing Japan with coercion in order to show that the French are gocd friends to Russia does not seem like practical politics just now.

THE DUKE of NOR-

CONSCRIPTION.

FOLK'S Commission has

not had the good fortune of the Esher Committee. When Lord ESHER and his colleagues proposed to reform the War Office root and branch, their scheme was received with pretty general approbation. The Norfolk Com- mission proposes conscription, and its Report is hailed mith a chorus of disapproval. It was ap- pointed to inquire into the efficiency of the Militia and Volunteers,and make suggestions for reorgani- sation. Suggestions it does make, but they are entirely nullified by the assertion that the Auxi hary Forces are no good in any case. As the" Standard" says, it seems absurd for the Commission to tinker with the Militia and the Volunteers when it does not believe in there. The Commissioners are not of one mind. Two or three of them diverge considerably from the chief recommendation of the majority. But there is a common bias towards the principle of compulsory military service, although they differ about its application. Tne majority would abolish the Auxiliary Forces as they now stand, and enroll half the able bodied youth of the country at the age cf twenty for the defence of this island. The DUKE OF NORFOLK and most of his colleagues are convinced that we cannot sleep safely in our beds until every young man in the household is trained to the use of arms. The Navy is all very well, but we must be prepared for the con- tingency not merely of a foreign raid on our shores but of an invasion upon a Napoleonic scale. In fine, we must take it for granted that some time or other we may lose command of the sea, and a determined foe will then seize the opportunity to land an enormous force for our subjugation. To cope with that idea the Militia and Volunteers are useless, and our young men must brace themselves for a year's regular training without barracks. It is manifest already that military reformers outside the Commission do not take this seriously. For one thing it is based on pure assumption as to the requirements of the nation for home de- fence. The Commissioners find that we need 330,000 men—a calculation for which there appears to be no warrant. It is the business of the Defence Committee to determine this point, and what their conclusion is we do not know. But it is characteristic of the haphazard methods applied to affairs of national importance that the Norfolk Commission should ignore the Defence Committee, and take upon itself a responsibility entirely foreign to its terms of reference. Well might Sir CHARLES DILKE complain, in a recent Parliamentary debate, that the administration of the Army lacks a scientific basis ! Before the country could be persuaded that even a modified form of conscription was an essential safeguard against real dangers it would need an overwhelm- ing weight of authority, military and naval,backed by the responsibility of the Executive. But the Norfolk Commission does not represent this author- ity in any sense. The Defence Committee has expressed no orinion on the subject. No great consultative body has decided what proportion of our military force is required to supplement the Navy,which,as Sir RALPH KNOX says,is ourlfirst and also our second line of defencA. Indeed, when the Commission sought advice from the Admiralty, that department, not without reason, declined to commit itself in a matter which was entirely beyond the Commission's province. It follows Ifrom all this that public opinion is not favourably impressed by the Duke of Norfolk's views. It declines to believe that the Militia and Volunteers are beyond redemption, or that the Navy is so untrustworthy as a national security that we might as well be a Continental instead of an island State. But it does believe that the chief cause of ineffici- ency is wasteful expenditure.in the administration of the Army and the incapacity or reluctance of the responsible authorities to make up their minds once for all as to the exact position England should hold as a military Power.

The National Service L 3ague is naturally pleased with the tenour of the report presented by the Royal Commission, and in anotier column prompt opportunity is taken to use tha report as a lever for raising the membership of the League. But it must not be forgotten that the Leagn) proposals involve a certain amount of compulsory service i for all young men of a stated age—or in other words conscription in a modified I form. Supporters of the League are able to see a • marked difference beween the form of service they advocate and pure unadulterated conscription, but the ordinary individual persists in considering the two things synonymous. In our opinion there is just about as much difference between the two a matter of taste. With some surprise as between butter and margarine. It is purelythat the taste of the Governinent, welind which can endure such an unpalatable dish as Chinese slavery, sticks at conscription, even in a mild form. For the pre sent it has been knocked on the head, and we rejoice thereat. The evidence last contained in the report of the Commission amply volunteer view that the la has not been said system, while further strong cor- roborative testimony s to hand from other well informed quarters. The“ Manchester Guardian- has done much to.wards forming hn intelli- gent public opinion as to the future

of the force by publishing this week valuable expressions of opinion from prominent volunteer officers. Colonel Birley, C. 8.,V. D, and Colonel Balfour, brother of the Prime Minister, are dead against conscription, and pooh pooh .the idea of compulsory service. The latter is particu- larly outspoken and condemns the scheme as " wicked nonsense." Any elaborate military train- ing for home defence he deems quite unnecessary. "To spend vast sums of money" he says" in the machinery for massing and handling huge bodies of men would be preposterous. The danger demand- ing it does not exist and never will. But it is desirable to educate young men to arms. That is the distinction I make." Colonel Edis, one of the earliest volunteers, says "Give the Volunteer force fair treatment and Ithere will be no lack of men." Most of the officers interrogated by our contemporary were strongly in favour of a separate Volunteer Department,and it seems to us that here will be found the solution to most of the difficulties under which the Volun- teer force labours. With a distinct and sympath- etic departinent at headquarters there would be hope of raising the volunte 3r force to the highest state of efficiency :required, and the conscription bogey would return to that oblivion from which it should never have emerged.

At the rate things are going on in Warrington we shall all soon become converted to socialism and the cause of labour. Worse fates might befall us as a community—in fact we infinitely prefer socialism to either protection or conscription. On Sunday evening theft, was a conference in Parr Hall on the social problem and after considerable palaver between men who are recognised thinkers as well as workers, a committee was evolved to con- sider the formation of a Social Brotherhood. The object in view is the"re-adjustment of the present social order "—which we should think will be sufficient to go on with. When the re-adjustment is complete, either the millennium or purgatory will be within measurable distance. We will hope, for the sake of the members of the new Social Brotherhood, that the progress will be in the right direction. Though we have,perhaps,spoken rather flippantly of a serious topic, we are greatly in sympathy with this movement in the ranks of Labour. It is an excellent sign that so much in- terest is being taken now-a-days in Socialogy and the uplifting of the masses, and if an amicable, whole-hearted Social Brotherhood can be formed from the reforming units in Warrington,even then something will have been accomplished which can only work for good.

There is likely to be considerable opposition at the Council meeting on Tuesday next to) Coun- cillor IVlaginn's special motion with regard to the acceptance of tenders. The militant member for St. John's Ward proposes in effect that in future the lowest tender shall be accepted by the Cor- poration Committees, subject of course to the fair 1 wage clause being observed, with the exception ' that a preference may be made in favour of local contractors. We fail to see what advantage is likely to accrue from such a resolution a,3 this. On the face of it it would cer- tainly appear that by always accepting the lowest tender the Corporation would obtain its goods and labour at the lowest market price, but , the advantage would not always be a material one. What business firm,we would ask Councillor Maginn, makes a point of always accepting the lowest tendee ? Would he himself buy a thousand chairs at 53. each if he knew that they were very much inferior to those supplied by another manu- facturer at ss. 6d. This is where the difficulty arises—and it is so obvious that we wonder at Councillor na ginn making the proposition he does. Instead of being the gainers by always accepting thp lowest tender, the Corporation Committees would frequently lose in the long run. It would be absurd to tie their hands in such a manner. They are composed of business men, and it should be left to their &scretion to decide whether the acceptance of the lowest tender is advisable or not. There are so many things to consider in fixing up a con- tract—quality of work or material, expedition in delivery and the like—that it would be supreme folly to say that the lowest tender must always be accepted. Councillor Maginn has usually been credited with a head for business, but it will need all the fluency of which he is master to conv.nce 1 the Council that there is commonsens3 in the prin- ciple underlying his motion.

Two new bye-laws of the BorpuTh of Warrington , have come into force this week. ole prohibits the disgusting habit of spitting in public places, and we hope the authlrities will make every endeav- our to prevent this loathsome practice. In the majority of cases the offenders could avoid corn - miffing a nuisance and if they will not do so of their own initiative they must be compelled. The other bye-law is aimed at a habit equally prevalent among a large section of the community. This is the striking of matches on shop-fronts and other convenient pla :es. The smoker as a rule does not care where he ignites his match, and the adjoining wall or door-way is usually, the handieit place. Such conduct is decidedly inconsiderate, but then smokers have a reputation for ignoring the feelings of others when their favourite habit is concerned. We are afraid, however' that this particular bye-law is likely to be inoperative to a great extent, for the police force would require doubling to deal with only a small proportion uf the offenders. And it would take mord than a bye-law to prevent a smoker from striking his match wherever he chooses. Shopkeepers can themselves do more in their own protection than the bye-law. A more general provision of metal strikers on shop fronts will go a long way towards remedying the nuisance.

Thi Warrington Board of Guardians had a full dress debate on Wednesday on the momentous question of whether the boys in the industrial schools are to be clothed in corduroy or tweed! The argument in favour of the substitution of tweed for corduroy was based chiefly on sentimental grounds. Corduroy it was argued was so distinctive in its character as to mark the wearer of it as a young pauper, and it was further stated that corduroy possesses a disagreeable smell. Mr. Knowles opposed the innovation on tha ground that the adoption of tweed was calculated to make the standard of the Workhouse boy's condition better than that of the 'workingman's child outside. But the matter which weighed chiefly with the Guardians was the financial aspect. When the Rev. Dr. Mercer announced that the cost would be half as much again, the proposition was as good as lost and in the end the resolution in favour of tweed was defeated by a substantial mai ority.

Local butchers, cattle dealers and others who hailed with delight the announcement of Professor Koch that human and bovine tuberculosis are not identical and almost certainly not inter-com- municable, will be disappointed at the in- terim report of the .Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the subject. The investigations of the Commission have clearly established the fact that tuberculosis is communicable from man to bovine animals. and from this it would seem to follow that the disease un is cothrnicable in the other direction also. This report would appear to place it beyond all doubt that the tubercle in the animal and the man are one and the same thing, and the publication of the Commission's findings will probably have the effect of making the regulations more string- ent respecting the sale of food calculated to menace the health of the community by contain- ing tubercle germs.

A curious little point arose at the meeting of the Runcorn Rural Council on Tuesday, when a , letter was read from the County Council pointing out that by the Motor Car Act it was obligatory on local authorities to set nip sign—posts denoting dangerous corners, cross-roads, and precipitous places. This consideration for the safety of motorists aroused the ire of Mr. T. Baxter, a well-known farmer and lover of horses. He evidently has the strong antipathy to the" teuf teuf " characteristic of the farming class all over the country, and objected to the spending of a single shilling "towards making it easy for these men to travel and run anyone down."

Mr. Baxter has evidantly failed to move with tin' times. Tne motorist has come to stay, ani though he does not always look the part, hs is fl human being and entitled to protection from the dangers of the road as much as the bumble pedestrian or the prosperous farmer with his spirited horses. It was only when the man urged upon Mr. Bixter that the Council wag obliged by law to tallsprecautionary steps for the safety of the motorists that the irate member for Dutton gave way. Chair- -6

The United States, according to our protec- tionist friends, is a paradise for the workman, where steady employment and high wages are to be relied upon. But the daily organ controlled by M. C. A. Pearson, the Chairman of the Execu- tive Committee of the Tariff Reform League' announces with great display of headlines thao fewer than 75,000 men have been dismissed by the American railways during the past two months, due to the "remarkable shrinkage of freight thal has taken place during the last year. This is the most drastic economy that has been made sicee the financial panic of 1893.' If only such a sta,te of things had been reported of Free-Trade England !

===== 0002601_19040604_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Obareo

etautatton.

Index to Inside Pages.

PAGE. 2. Runcorn Board of Guardians. "Nurse Marjorie" by Shirley Raynard. Warrington Homing Society. 3. The Cobden Centenary, Portraits of Cobden' Bright, Ashworth, Villiers and G. IVilsoef with biographical sketches. Events of the Week (Illustrated). Association Football League. Earlestown May Queen Festival. 6. Cricket and Bowling. Police News. Bankruptcy Court. Runcorn Rural Council. 7. Women's Chat and Fashions. Mr. Chamberlain's Unauthorised Programme. Stockton Heath New.

• Coming Events. The Very Rey. Anslem Poock, D.D., of Manchestort will preach the annual sermons a‘t St. Mary's, 143tch: fard, to-morrow (Sunday). There will be spee'a music with full orchestral accompaniment. At Bold-street Wesleyan Church to-morrow, th, Sunday school anniversary will be celebrated. preacher, morning and evening, will be the Rev. S. Simon, governer of Didsbury College. In afternoon a special united service will be held, wue" the Rev. J. F. Matthews will deliver an address' There will be special music at all the services. " The annual meeting of the Musical Society will held in Cairo-street schoolroom on Monday June On Monday evening next the thirty-fourth 01111% meeting of the Warrington Workirgmen's Perrnanen Benefit Builing Society will be held in G-olboros"

===== 0002601_19040604_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
street schoolroom.

The first annual meeting of the Warrington bra. _ of the National Service League will be lie'd at the Lion Hotel net Friday afternoon.

Additional School Attendance Officer. Mr. T. F. Hughes, clerk to Mr. James Newton, 0 been appointed to the position of a School Attenclalc,. Officer, subject to the confirmation Of the Educativ Committee. There were 63 applicants for the Post' Sudden Death at Longford. William Edelsten (61), plumber and gasfitteit;; residing at 8, Kent-street, Latchford, died suciciely at the Longford Gas works, yesterday morning. had jusi commenced work, and was walking ocr'-°Oll the yard, accompanied by his labourer, whe he 35 down, and died two minutes afterwards. lie conveyed home on the police ambulance.

Death of Dr. Sherratt. that' Many Warrington people will regret to he3r.., Dr. Sherratt, who practised in the town for 61-fiio seven years, died at East Grinstead on Tuesday". ad kindly and genial disposition. gained 'for hira 11330 friends. He retired from practise about three 'Ye and was succeeded by Dr. Langdale.

The Public Health. Ilte The Registrar-General reports that the aulll3 of mortality last week in the 76 great towns of Bilgell3 and Wales averaged 15.4 per thousand. The rat Liverpool was 18 ; Birkenhead, 15 ; Wallasq, Bootle, 22; St. Helens, 17; Wigan, 15; Warrilloote 21; Preston, 14, and Barrow, 14. The lowesit was King's Norton, -1, and the highest Beetle Hanley, 22.

The Employment of Children. of The new bye-laws under the EmploYDloo6, Children Act have been confirmed by the a atia Secretary and are now in force. No boy under,lt' ai)l

no girl under 14 can carry on street trading at to time, such trading being absolutely prohibit° ell children of such tender years. A boy betweeilof 13 ages of 12 and 16 and a girl between the ages •fig and 16 can only carry on street trading by obtaitli ;re license from the Chief Constable, and they are re(lt4 be to wear a badge. Applications for licences Ohl?' made on or before the 20th June; after will° ceedings will be taken aga,inst any child trading 011 out a license. Under the bye-laws, no child 0100/ in the street after 9p.m.in the summer and Spll winter. Warrington is the first town in the King"° adopt bye-laws under the new Act.

Death of Mr. James Bolton. atoll We regret to announce that Mr. James formerly elective auditor for the Borough, di" -eictroli Ivhat suddenly at his residence, Pike-street, St° ow Heath on Thursday afternoon. The deceased fel man had been in indifferent health for the 111 s months, but it was not anticipated that the near. He suddenly became worse on and passed away at two o'clock, death due to cerebral hemorrhage. He leave' 3lrci widow, three sons and one daughter. 10 Bolton, who was 57 years of a_ge',6tree° carried on business as an accountant in Saab:oY di6 for many years. He held the office of elective .uetirc for ten years, being first returned in IS9O. Ile "tive ;"4 from the position in 1901. He was a C0115erv.„3,00; politics, and had been identified with Church.—The funeral will take place at St. 'Pi° Church yard, Stockton Heath, this afteruoml.

Brunner Mond and Co. la oil The annual meeting of this company was 1164-tree!' Tuesday at the Law Association Room's, Ceol" Sir John Brunner, 1,11. P ~ presiding The moving the adoption of the report said in rie:l3(jell letters asking why they did not increase the ',11.,0- that their desire was to consolidate the pos;-, the company and he utterly declined to CO tall° interests of the present shareholders as opP°"'e";.) Pet interests of the business • as a whole (hear, Ile3;ilc4 was satisfied the position of the company wa3 r as solid as he would like to have it, and Ilet hoped to get it into such a position that 0-0' Afes4,' meet the enemy with an easy ' mind (applause). ta Charles W. Holland, Thomas H. Forgail, ."'"ectorl Schellhaas,and J. F. L. Brunner, the retirirq dioro were re-elected, and dividends of 7 per Gent' diatlr' preference shares and '3O per cent. on the or shares for the year were declared.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Let;ter, LAtCh; peo'

the Joho th° Avhel/ dress'

jil be 13tbd loon" borne"

)11, 1139 idaLiCe,, lostl°'" post.

„fitter' Jde 5. ;g he R/41 le s'(3

that' r ,r• niof ve°4

L 1 ratea 1, 0 ate 11 •

===== 0002601_19040604_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

GALLINTRY REWARDED. At Widnes Town Hall, on Monday, Mr. Alexander ,Atiight, of West Bank, was presented by the Mayor erman S. Quinn)„ with the Liverpool Hammy, and I:lPwreck Society's silver medal and framed certificate, saving the life of a boy in the river Mersey, and r.°r gallantry in trying to save the life of another. The ;V had been carried away by the tide after they had in attempting to reach a ball which had been °?in into the water. In making the presentation, the 'of stated that Wright had received the bronze medal the Humane Society, and the particulars had been vionsly reported. He was proud of being asked to ka the presentation, and it gave him the greatest ~,,easure to do so. The sacrifice Wright had made on and other occasions had made his conduct very Zl(lramendable, and he hoped that on future occasions, if ecessary, he would act with the same promptitude. VILLAGE HALL FOR WESTON. 1.„9,.,11 Saturday afternoon Sir John T. Brunner, Bart., ~for Northwich Division, presented a commodious • 4"age hall and village green to the inhabitants of -the: ,t°ll, near Runcorn. Sir John's carriage was met at 141- °undary of the township by a brass band and a tge number of people, and escorted to the hall. A :Denial meeting of the Parish Council accepted the gift *behalf of the ratepayers, and the deed was signed by - 'lt John the R C Maitland Wood, chairman of th e Rev. anon e Council, and Messrs. James Tudor and A. G. Guest, patriot, tlerahers of the Council. Afterwards Sir John enter- at tea about 150 of the leading residents of the and appropriate speeches weretlelivered. No slit°xiennts are to be sold nor given away, nor con- araed on the premises.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS

ST. HELENS BOY MISSING. tlrank Price, aged thirteen, a boy of rather weak in- ect, has been missing from his home, 139, Peasley- t—Oss, St. Helens, since Monday, of last week. He looks _cluiderably older than thirteen,and was dressed in a grey tint, turn-down collar, black and white tie, and lace-up °outs.

DAYLIGHT ROBBERY AT Sr. HELMS ~l'olice-constable Heaton (4), of the St. Helens force .r.scovered a most barefaced robbery being carried out broad daylight at Cowley Hill, on Saturday afternoon, IV as a result James Callaghan, of Mount-street; John Wiearden. 6i, Stanhope-street; and John Manchester, .13-1, St. Thomas-street, were charged at the Police-court -t? Monday. Heaton said he saw a handcart in front of e hc.use lately occupied by Dr. F. Drew Harris, in awleY Hill-lane. The officer went to the house, Just as he got to the front door it bolted on the inside. Callaghan was ronght in the fields behind the house and a 0 1,7 named Hutchinson told the constable that the etauer men had gone up Denton's Green. Upon this, v llaghan gave the lad a violent kick on the legs, and e'en kicked the constable, and generally gave him a el 3, time. Manchester told the magistrates that he -as not aware that it was theft. The men told him to fora handcart as they had got a job. Callaghan and -uearden said Manchester was innocent. The magistrates .lentenced Callaghanto five months hard labour—three the theft and one month each for assaultiiag the "ustable and the boy. Dearden was sent for two 4104ths, and Manchester dismissed.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

SIX MONTHS FOR FELONY. ThAt. the Liverpool Quarter Sessbns on Tuesday, vydliam Fair Chambers (45), labourer, was sentenced to 11,,xlmonth5' imprisonment for having, at Newten-in- jTaariield, on the sth May, stolen a silver medal and a Pair of hedging shears. Mr. Greaves Lord prosecuted. A GOLBORNE LICENCE.—TRANSFER OPPOSED. At the Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wednes- :u% Mr. Allen (of Messrs. Peace and Ellis, Wigan) • lied for a transfer of the licence of the Angel Inn, Vge Green, Golborne from Joseph Ridgway to Joseph °°803,--Mr. Arthur Browne, of Warrington, said he Pased the application on behalf of ratepayers Golborne.—Mr. Allen said Mr. Browne :DPeared for the Gas Company,and he (Mr.Allen)under- :,ttaad that the covapany had not received payment • their gas bill from the outgoing tenant. •„.,- 'at, he submitted, had nothing to do with the 2'.4eaming tenant, as the Gas Company had their .111)1edy. It was a shame if applications for transfer Ora to be opposed because out-going tenants owed 11131.18. The transferor was seen on Golborne station t morning, and he would have been present at the rurt if he had not been spoken to by some- acannected with the Gas Company.—Mr. Browne 6,7ted out that two previous tenants had left the mSe practically bankrupt, and the Gas Company had -eral times failed to obtain payment of accounts. Ve directors were trying to put a stop to such conduct. •,." was also contended that the house was not required meet the wants of the neighbourhood. He could ,I.B° Oppose the application on account of the non- "PPearance of the transferor.—The magistrates granted au adjournment to Newton Petty Sessions on Thursday 112,xt, in order that the transferor might be present. A '"Pcena was issued for his attendance.

SOLICITOR AND POLICE SUPERINTENDENT. An Argument at Runcorn. An interesting betting case was heard at Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, when Alfred Jolley, aged 17 ?rears, of Bridge-street, Runcorn, was summoned for unlawfully using and frequenting a certain street, to 'wit a public place called Irvvell-lane, for the purpose of betting or bookmaking." The defendent, who was represented by:Mr. Arthur Browne (Warrington), pleaded Not guilty. P.C. Preston gave evidence, as to seeing defendant taking slips relating to betting. Mr. Browne: What proof have you that defendant tad anything to do with the slips? Witness: I saw him take them. But they might not have been the same slips. You 'would not swear to that ?-1-le knew what I meant 'When I asked for the slips. You are leaving the Bench to infer that the slips were the same. Suppose the defendant had refused to come to the Police Statlon?—l should have searched him: By what power or right ?—For being a suspicious Person there for the purpose of betting. That is a new law to me. Have you the right to apprehend a man under those circumstances ?—I think So.

Against Spitting. The attention of the public is called to a byelaw, which has just been passed by the Warrington Cor- poration, prohibiting anyone from spitting on the floor, seat or wall of any public corridor, public hall, public waiting room or place of public entertainment. Another byelaw prohibits anyone from striking matches on shop fronts. This has been passed at the i ustigation'otthe Warrington and District Grocers' and Provision Dealers' Association, who have complained of the damage done to the fronts of business pre.nises by the practice of striking matches thereon. The Stockton Heath Tramway Extension. The last day for the receipt of tenders for the lay- ing of steel rails, paving and forming the permanent way of the tramway extension from Wilderspool to Victoria-square, Stockton Heath,is Tuesday, June 14th. It is expected that the work will be comnienced within a month. The crossing of the swing bridge presents an engineering difficulty with reference to the allign- meat of the bridge after opening. Mr. Hunter,engineer for the Manchester Ship Canal Company, and Major Cardew consulting electrical engineer for the Cor- poration, had a conference on the _spot this week, and it is believed that the steps proposed to be taken will-overcome the difficulty. The Killing of Wild Birds. An order called the County Borough of Warring- ton Wild Birds' Protection Order was inserted in the " Lond ni Gazette" on Tuesday, and has been issued by the Home Office, extending the provisions of the Wild Birds' Protection Act to a large number of other birds not previously scheduled lathe Act. The order also prohibits the destruction of any birds on the river Mersey within the Borough. The general effect is that the Wild Birds' Protection Act which pro- hibits the taking and destroying of certain birds from the Ist March to the Ist August, is extended in the Warrington order to nearly all birds during the same period. With regard to the river Mersey, the order prohibits the killing of birds at any time during the year. This order prevents anyone from shooting on the river at any birds within the confines of the

Borough.

Honour for Mr. J. Rymer Young. An honour was on Wednesday conferred upon Mr. J. Rymer Young, of Warrington, who was elected Vice-President of the Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain which is a very important and influential body. The election was by ballot, and in announcing the result the President (Mr. R. A. Robinson) said he had the pleasure of congratulating Mr. Young, and inviting him to take the vice-chair.—Mr. Young, in acknowledging his election, thanked the Council for placing him in a position whicb• had attached to it enormous responsibili- ties, as well as honour and distinction. He was perfectly well aware that the honours of the Society were not placed upon individuals as marks of honour only. He fully recognized that fact, and he was compelled to the conclusion that in placing him in the office of vice-president the Council was of opinion that he could be of some use to the society. It would be his duty and endeavour to justify the confidence of the Council in him. He asked the council for a continuance of that support and forbearance which had usually been accorded to .the occupants of the chair and vice-chair, and without which those offices could not be pleasurable, nor even tolerable.—Mr. Young has been a member of the council since 1893, and his election will meet with universal approval, and give great satisfa ctiou to his fellow townsmen. FIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR- LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 53, Bridge-street,Warringion.— -Advt. New Catholic Church. Sunday, June 19th, will witness the solemn opening of the new church of St. Benedict's, Orford lane, by his Lordship the Abbot of Ampleforth. The new church is a corrugated iron building of pleasing design, providing accommodation for 400 worshippers. It has been erected by Mr. J. Me. Manus, of Hammersmith, London, and is now nearing completion. The main entrance is from Earle-street,immediately behind St. Benedict's schools. The interior is of white vanished wood and the church is well lighted and airy. Accommodation is provided for the choir and there is a baptistry, a sacristry and a confessional. The work of seating and providing the altar rails has been placed in the hands of Mr. Rigby. The church is nearing completion, and will be quite ready for the opening service. Services have been held during the past eighteen months in St. Benedict's schoolroom, which has been utilised as a school chapel. The Rev. Father Baines is the priest in charge and it is mainly through his efforts that the new church has been erected.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MARRIAGE OF MISS LYON. A Versatile Bride.

On Tuesday next the marria4e will be solemnized of Lord Acton, secretary at the Berne Legation, and Miss Lyon, only daughter of Mr. T. H. Lyon, of Appleton Hall. The ceremony will take place at Brompton Oratory. "The great London welding of neat week" says "The Sketch," "is that of Lord Acton, the good-looking son of a fatuous father, and Miss Lyon, the daughter of a popular Cheshire squire. The future Lady Acton is a girl after her celebrated father-in-law's heart, for she is extraordinarily versatile,having great musical and literary tastes, while yet as fond of outdoor life and pursuits mare most of her contemporaries. Miss-Lyon is an expert tennis-player and golfer, and at Cannes her fame as a tennis-player used to bring crowds of French visitors to the club every time she played. The marriage will bring together the political, the diplo- matic and the Roman Catholic worlds,and the Brompton Oratory is admirably adaptel to be the scene of a great wedding. There will be a group of pretty brides- maids including Lord Acton's sister and the Duke of Miss Elspeth Campbell, and both their Ag or wg ynlsl 'as nd niece, the wedding-dress will revive the becoming modes worn at the Court of Marie Antoinette." The bride's dress,"says "The Onlooker" "is of Marie Antoinette days, with floating train of beautiful lace, and she will wear the pearl necklace given her by Lord Acton. The bridesmaids include Lord Acton's sister, as well as four cousins of the bride, and Miss Elspeth Campbell, Lady Elizabeth Northcote, and others. They will also wear Marie Antoinette frocks and the 'pretty torquoise and pearl and diamond monogram brooches i given to them by the bridegroom. Some beautiful presents have been received by Miss Lyon, including a tiara of diamonds from her mother, and a joint gift in the form of an emerald and diamond pendant from Mrs. Thorpe and others. A beautiful photograph in an Italian marble frame is from the Princess of Bourbon; the Countess of Cassillis has given a silver dish, Lady Violet Poulett an enamel box Lady Mary Pepys a beautiful old Holy Water stoup, Lady Hope a gold box, Lady Hood of Avalon some silver, and M. Maurice de Seynes, Secretary at the French Enibassy, is among the many others who have sent gifts." THE LOCAL CELEBRATIONS. Arrangements are being made by the tenants and others on the Appleton estate to give the couple a warm welcome on their arrival after the honeymoon at Appleton Hall on Thursday, June 23. A reception will b.. held in the grounds when the tenantry and others will present the bride with a s diamond bracelet, while the gardeners and workmen on the estate will give her a pearl and sapphire brooch. On the following day the joyful festivities will be continued. On this occasion the school children will attend, and the members of the Primrose League, when, it is expected, further presenta- tions will be made.

It was Hobson's choice then. If he had not come to _.the Police Station with you, you would have brought ,wrtl„ ?—Yes. JosY what right did you keep the book and slips 9f Paper ?—I consider I had a right—a great right. lnreply to further questions, witness said it was not true that Sergeant Gill at the station told him to go ....away from defendant's money and that he had no right 4,0 touch it. He also stated that at his request Jolley 'wrote his name in the book. Witness did not think his 'Writing was entirely different to that in which the en- 'tries 'were made in the book. ',The book was handed up for the inspection of the Jaeneb. Mr. Browne contended that Jolley's writing was entirely different to that in which the entries were Izade. In reply to Mr. Browne, witness further said that the lefendant denied ever having written in the book, and '-'is object in asking defendant to write his name was that he might compare the writings. v_Superintendent Ennion (to witness) : If defendaut not come to the station you would have brought Luta 9 Witness : Yes, sir. ie mtPerintendent Ennion: You wouldhave done quite tt. , -nr. Browne: Dear. dear! If you apprehended me Or an offence like that under a bylaw you would Nret it hereafter. -rp,,tilierintendent Ennion: If you do the same thing ••• 11. try it on. (Laughter). ..-.. - ... ,Yor the defence Mr. Browne contended that the i --.. A"felidant was on the ground of the Manchester Ship rn , ' J.HE ALLEGED EMBEZZLEMENT AT WIDNES.—PRISONER. in front of the old stores, and that he was not in ACQUITTED. -1-rwell-lane at all, but on private land. At the Liverpool Quarter Sessions on Tuesday, ~.._lllhe Chairman said they would adjourn the case to , Samuel Hill (33). grocer. charged with having, on the, 7end the summons. The public could get to this f :loth April, embezzled various small sums of money "tee, and there was no one to stop them. I belonging to the Runcorn Co-operative Industrial and M. Browne: But the Ship Canal Company have a , Provident Society, Limited, in whose Widnes shop he 'lot to stop them. I has been employed as salesman, was found not guilty, .., The Chairman: That is merely a quibble. We are , and was discharged. Mr. 0. G. Morris (instructed by rePared to adjourn the summons until next Monday ' Mr. J. W. Knowles) prosecuted, and Mr. Madden -Qat it may be amended. I may not be here myself, but (instructed b Mr. A. Browne) defended. Or . a • rlaY own part I think the defendant was betting there lad that there is a clear case against him. Your con- 4lO, lention is just a quibble. A NEW PATENT PIPE. ~ Mr. Browne: It is a serious matter in one sense, and Smokers are always interested in inventions which -'• should like to obtain particulars from the Ship Canal , are designed for increasing their enjoyment of indulgence ~.°YuPany as to the land before I could argue upon tne in the soothing and fragrant weed. They will learn, .r.,,oint. It is a fact, however, that the police wrote to we are sure, with pleasure that a new pipe has been "Company asking them to undertake prosecutions, patented which effectually prevents any moisture or , .uPerintendent Ennion: That has not been done nicotine either entering the mouth or coming in con- Vitnilst I have been in Runcorn. tact with the tobacco. Any condensation which might b_Alr. Browne again contended that the defendant did take place is immediately dried up so that the smoke is ot commit the offence in Irwell-lane. not only cool but entirely free from acridity caused by The Chairman: He was not/4'yard out of it. dampness. We have tried one of these pipes and can 11r. Browne said the defendant denied that. How-. testify to its wonderful efficiency. The smoker who t'er they would leave the matter in their Worship.s could suck any nicotine through the stem of this pipe '4nds. The defendant was not a regular bookmaker in an would be a remarkable man, but as he does ot desire m.y shape or form. He might also say that the to do so he will not waste his endeavours in rying. It Verintendent was alt9gether wrong in his law with is a pleasure only to be appreciated by actual experience Zgar dto apprehensions. That was his opinion after to have a perfectly cool, sweet, and dr y smoke. Crop's g experience in Lancashire. Patent Pipe is the only invention we have seen which if ?uperintendent Ennion: I should have arrested him ensures this desideratum for the tobacco user. Readers ~.ue Was unwilling to come. will find it illustrated in an advertisement on page 7, (y'lr• Browne •• Do so, and we'll warm you for it well. "4411ghter.) , and we can honestly recommend them to write to 1 Messrs. Charles Crop and Sons, Brooksby's Walk, Superintendent Ennion: I would try it. , Homerton, London E., for one of their new pl2es,which '''' flue of 40s. and costs was imposed. are sold at prices from is. Gd. .

===== 0002601_19040604_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 4, 1904

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

methods. The report of that deputation was published some time ago by our Board of Agriculture, and it is well worth reading. It seems that so far as the cost of production is con- cerned, there is little difference between Holland and England. The Dutchman pays a higher rent as a rule, but he kas fixity of tenure, and freedom of cultivation. His rent averages about ,C 5 Ds. to 23 an acre, and his wages bill is nearly as high as oar own. So he has to pay a heavy toll to his landlord, and he tries to punish the middleman for it. He combines with his neigh- bours and forms a co-operative society for the sale of produce. The goods are packed in cases, bearing the grower's own trade mark, and they are inspected to see that they are all honestly packed. If any member is caught "topping," or putting the biggest and best fruit on the top, and small rotten ones at the bottom he is fined for the first offence. If he does it a second time, his name will be put on the" black list " for a week or two, and the society will refuse to take his produce. That will be a serious matter for him, because he will not only lose his market, but he will be advertised as a bit of a rogue. Members of this society pay a sabscription of less than two shillings a vearean 1a c nami sion of one or two per cent. The goods are sold by auction for cash, and they are paid for to the producer every week, so he has no undercutting to fear, and he Make 3 no bad debts, and he has not to wait long for his money. %The English farmer might learn a thing or two if he would about marketing in bulk, and getting his goods in the market cheaply, and quickly. The enterprising Dane markets his eggs the day they are laid, and his milk is creamed as sloe as it s coils 1, by these co- operative agencies, and he gets nal every week for his produce. The Dat,chnian's c reinf)eri and vegetables are sent off the day they are sold, aal he gets his money at the Week-end. The English fanner understands auction marts for cattle and sheep, and horses, and that is about as far as he has got. Some day he will ask whether it is worth his while to take his stuff to the market himself, and waste a day over it, and probably get drunk into the bargain. New ideas travel slowly, and improved methods are not readily adopted, but we may lea.rna good deal from the Dutch cultivator, and his up-to-date methods. We have greater natural advantages, but he is wider awake than we are. It is about time we wakened up and be- stirred ourselves. How strangely history repeats itself. Many centuries ago the Flemish settlers in this country brought their carrots and cabbages, and celery, and hops, and ever so many of our familiar fruit trees, and flowers, and planted them in our gardens. They taught us how to grow root crops to feeds our cattle In the winter. They taught us all we knew about spinning, and weaving, and earthen- ware, and mining. We may very well sit at their feet once more, and learn the mysteries of intense culture, and profitable dairy farming. It is no use seeking success in old-fashioned ideas, and obsolete methods, and then clamouring for protection against those wicked Duchmen, who are" dumping" all manner of good things at our feet. The world moves, and we must keep he pace, or we shall be trampled under men's feet.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIAL SERMONETTES FOR WORKING MEN.

BY JOHN TAYLOR. Author of " Search Lights on, Land, Llbour

and Social Problems."

===== 0002601_19040604_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DUTCH CULTIVATOR.

"If you want to know what agriculture can be, and what can be grown on a given analunt of soil, you must apply for information to the faraors of Flanders and Jersey, and Lombardy. Or else you may ask the market gardeners of Ho KROPOTKIN. In these days of Labour Registries, and Allotments, and small holdings, it is interesting to know what other nations are doing to bring back the people to the land, and enable them to earn their own living by cultivating the soil. All civilised nations admit that it is not a _

good thing to crowd our workmen into big towns and oities, and encourage them to work in factories, while the agricultural villages and farms. aold fields are de- serted. So our Social Reformers everywhera a-e cry-

in—g-:l3aa- to the Land," and they are findin w k Cnr .our unemployed in markat gardens, and small far ni and

orchards:

Prince Kropotkin has been studying these movements all over Western Europe, and in his interesting book, "Fields, Factories, and Workshops," he gives us some delightful object lessons from his own observation. I advise every Social Reformer to buy that book and read it. There is a cheap edition that only costs one shilling. I. TEIE DUTCII CULTIVATOR TRIUNIPIIED OVER NATURAL LXtS.DVANPAGE. _ Whenever you advocate a settlement of labour on the

land, you meet with some croaker who raises a host of objections. The soil is wrong, and the climate is un- suited, and the situation is objectionable, and it will require too much capital to work it. Let every such croaker read what the Dutch cultivator has done, aid then go and do likewise, or ever after hold his peace. For many centuries Holland has had land and labour

problems Of her own, that kept her wide awake, and called forth all her energies, and gave her no peace. The country is very flat and diffi.cult to drain, and many of its fields and meadows are below the level of _ _

the S'ea. The coast is protected by artificial barriers and embankments, to keep the sea out, but every now and then some great storm will sweep away these ram- parts, and floods will rush over the low-lying fields, and drown the people like rats in their holes. . _ . _ _ _

So the stOlid, phlegmatic Dutchman is everlastingly at war with the devouring sea, and every time it robs him, he tries to go one better, by filching a few thou- sand acres of foreshore from it. With infinite patience and dogged perseverance, he builds walls of sand and earth, round the shallow shore he claims as his own,and when he has made it strong, he builds windmills on the embankment, and he pumps all the water back again into the sea. He plants pine trees, and hardy bushes, and start grass, on his enbankments, and makes them so strong that they can resist any storms or floods that may come.

the whole country is covered with canals, and water- ways built after this fashion, and there are windmills everywhere to drain the low-lying land and pour the water into these canels. If all these canals were _ _

stretched out into a line they would Wa..C-1; Sixty times round the world.

Now I think you will agree with me that Holland is not an ideal country for any ram to make a living in by farming., or market gardening. It offers no advan- ..

tige of soil, or situation, or climate, and it is about the last country in the world that a practical cultivator would choose for the investment of his labour,and skill, and capital. Somebody has said that when the Dutch farmer goes forth to sow, he carries his seed basket in one hand, anda bucket in the other, for he has to bail out the water before he can find any soil to drop his seed in and bury it. . .

And yet, witti all thee natural disadvantages, and in spite of incgedible difficulties, the Dutch cultivator has worked some stupendous miracles, and he has shown us what agriculture can be, and how it can be made to maintain the people in comfort. In other words, his brains and science and persistent labour, have triumphed over every obstacle in his path. IL—IGRICULTURE IS TaE DUTCaNIAN'S LAST RESOURCE.

He took to that trade when all other trades failed, and he has made it pay. I know no nation that has had more ups and downs than Holland. Nature intended its people to be fishermen, and sailors, and three or four centuries ago they had a mighty fleet, and nearly all the carrying trade of the world was in their hands, but we destroyed their ships, and captured their commerce, Then they took to spinning and hand-loom weaving, and manufacturing, but the invention of the steam engine stranded them once more, and they lost those industries. Then they took to erowing wheat, and oats, and barley, till foreign nations could grow these things mare cheaply, and then they changed their employment again. All these changes are characteristic of the people. If you drive a Dutchman out of one trade, he will mighty soon find another. When he found that it did not pay to grow wheat, and barley, and oats, in competition with other nations, he quietly dropped those unprofit- able game% and turned his attention to dairy farming and market gardening. H 3 knew he would have to compete with nations more favourably circumstanced than himself, and with better opportunities of reaching the best market, so he called science to his aid, and he produced some surprising results. Prince Kropotkin in criticising the methods of these Dutchmen says: "They have created a totally new agriculture. They smile when we boast about the rotation system having permitted us to take from the field one crop every year, or four crops in three years, because it is their ambition to have six,and nine crops,from the very same plot every twelve months. They do not understand our talk about bad soils, because they make the soil themselves, and make it in such quantities as to be compelled yearly to sell some of it, or it would raise up the level of their gardens by half an inch every year. We raise five or six tons of grass to the acre, but they raise from fifty to a hundred tons of various vegetables on the same quantity of land. While we are raising five pounds worth of hay they are getting one hundred pounds worth]of cabbages, and carrots, and other vegetables."

These siirprising results can only be produced by inten culture, and the creation of suitable soil, and the use ol chemical fertilisers. Our own agricultural colleges, mid County Council Schools, bring these mysteries within the reach of a few educated young people, who oan afford time and money to attend their classes. The Dutchman carries this precious knowledge to every village and hamlet in the land, and puts it freely within and each of everybody. And he not only preaches, but he practises. He sets apart Certain plots of land in farming centres for practical experiments, to show the farm labourers what science can do to help them. He calls these plots" proof fields," and he gives practical illustrations of his methods before all the people, and then invites them to watch the results day by day. He also employsa large staff of "wandering teachers" or lecturers on dairying, agriculture, and kindred sub- jects, to go;into all the country districts, and give free, , instruction to old and young. So knowledge is spread- ing and new ideas are taking root, and improved methods are beingadopted all over the country. Prince Kropotkin tells us that the Dutch cultivators have not only produced some wonderful crops, and bountiful harvests, but they have distinguished them- selves in cattle-rearing. Some men have an idea that one kind of a cow is as good as another, and if she has four legs, and a head,and a tail, she is all right. The Dutch farmer knows better. He knows that some cows are hardly worth their keep, while others are very profitable investments. So he buys the best cow in the market, because the best is cheapest,andlno matteilhow good she may be he tries to make her better. His flocks and herds have increased considerably during the last quarter of a century, and he has produced cows that yield more milk and butter than any others in the world. It is a Dutch cow that holds the record of three hundred and twenty pounds of butter in a year as her yield, and it is a record that will take some beating. You need not be surprised when I tell you that our own English buyers will go over te Holland and give better prices for Dutch butter and dairy produce, and cattle, than they will give in our own markets. The Dutch also grow early cucumbers;in frames, and they send them hero so cheaply that many of our own gardeners have ceased to grew them. They send us such quantities of potatoes, onions, beetroot, pickling cabbages, and kitchen vegetables, that our own market gardeners are complaining of their competition, andask- ing for protection. 'These are all very wonderful results when you consider the circunistances under which they are produced. Holland is only about half the size of Ireland, and she has to feed nearly twice as many people. She not only feeds her own children with all the vegetables and dairy produce they need, but she sends to us millions of pounds worth of food every year. When you contrast, these two countries you will see that a nation's pros- perity does not depend so much on its soil, or climate,or situation, as on the character of its people. lII.—THE DUTCH FAKA:ER P.BLIETES-4 Iri CO-OPERATION.

• He produces perishable crops, that must be on the I market soonafter they,,are cut, and gathered. It would not pay him to send a large number of small parcels to England, so he combines with his fellow cultivators and they send their crops in bulk. This is a plan that the English cultivator noes not really adopt, but he will be driven to it one of these days. At present he growls at his rivals and says unparliamentary things about them. Some time ago the onion growers round Ilggleswade, in Bedfordshire, accused them of employing cheap, sweated labour, and competing unfairly with them in growing onions. So a deputation went over to Holland to investigate these charges and study the Dutchman's

===== 0002601_19040604_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON GRAMMAR

SCHOOL.

A NEW DEVELOPMENT.

The governors of the Warrington Grammar School have taken the important step of making application to the Board of Education for the recognition of the school as a secondary school B. This decision was arrived at on Tuesday after- noon when a meeting was held to consider the report of the inspectors at the recent examination. The examiners recommended the governors to make the application and there is not the least doubt but that the Board of Education will accede to the request. In becoming a secondary school B under the new act the Grammar School will be a recognised educational institution in the town for higher education. The secondary school now conducted by the Education Com- mittee at the Technical Institute is known as a second- ary school A and the Grammar School as a secondary school B will take more advanced subjects, including higher science, higher mathematics and classics. One advantage gained will be the receipt of Government grants. Hitherto the Grammar School has relied solely for its income on endowment and the fees of pupils. The Government grants will enable the governors to increase the staff, improve the appointments of the school, and promote greater efficiency* Already a scheme is under consideration for providing an additional laboratory for physics and a new lectare room. These very desirable im- provements can be effected without embarking on build- ing operations. A wing of the building was originally set apart for the accommodation of boarders,but all the boys are now day students and it is proposed to convert the disused dormitories into a lecture room and a physics laboratory. The school is already provided with a well-appointed chemical laboratory, and when the pro- posed improvements are effected the school will be more efficiently equipped for its important work. At the present time there are 87 day students, but it is hoped to increase the number to 100. The Grammar School has a long and interesting his- tory, and in view of the step taken by the governors a glance into its past will not be out of place. The school is indebted for its foundation to Sir Thomas Boteler, one of the heroes of Flodden, whose knightly family were the lords of Warrington from a period very shortly after the Conquest. By his will, dated 16th August, 12 Henry VIII. (1520), after reciting that he had " delyvit by indenture tripartede into the custody and keepyng of the righte revende Father in God, John Abbottey, of Whalley, fyve hundrethe markes in golde savely to be kepte to his use and to be disposede at his pleasure," he declares that "it is his full will and mynde that his executors should have the disposicon and order- yng of the saidsurn of fyve hundrethe markes to pur- chase and obteyne lands, tents or rents to the yerely value of ten pounds above all charges or as myche there of as should be unprovidett and purchasede by him, and therewith to found a fre gram scole in Weryngton to endure for ev." Sir Thomas died on the 27th April, 1522; and his pious intentions were carried into effect by an indenture dated the 16th April, 1526. to which date the foundation of the school is referred. The deed was made" between Thomas Boteler, Esquire, son and heir of Sir Thomas Boteler, of the first part, Dame Margret Boteler,late wife of ye said Sir Thom, Ranulph Pole Clarke, Richard Sneyde, Esq., and William Plumtre Chapleyn, executors of the testament and last will of ye said Thomas Boteler of the second part, Sir Richard Bolde, knight, and 15 other knights, esquires, and gen- tlemen, four of whom had married daughters of the testa.tOr„ the intended trustees (or feoffees as they were then styled) of the third part, and Sir Richard Taylor clerk, named, deputed and ordained schoolmaster of a new free school made and ot dallied by those present at Warrington in ye county of Lancashire of ye fourth part." Since boys first entered its portals nearly four hun- dred years ago the school has;centinuouslylcarried on its educational work in Warrington. Its surroundings were for a long number of years entirely rural, in striking contrast to its present environment of factories and working-class dwellings. It became one of the most important educational institutions in South-West Lancashire and boarders came to it from long distances. The boys attending it to-day belong to the immediate district and no .boarders are accepted, but the manage- ment and reputation of the school were never better. Many boys have made the school the stepping-stone to higher positions in the scholastic world and have afterwards made their mark in various walks of life. The present headmaster, Rev. E. J. Willcocks M.A. has been connected with the school since 1860, for the first ten years as second master and afterwards, as headmaster. He is very popular with the boys and his long experience enables him to advise them wisely as to their future careers.

The Clergy Daughters' School. It is settled at last that this institutiln, which has existed for sixty years in Warrington since its founda- tion by the Hon. and Rev. Horace Powys in 1844, then Rector of Warrington, shall be removed. The great step is to be taken in the summer holidays, so the next anniversary on Wednesday, July 27th, will be the last. It is with very great regret, says the " Warrington Parish Church Magazine," that we shall say good-bye, for we have taken the very deepest in- terest in its welfare. We cannot conceal from our- selves that brighter surroundings in a lovely and healthy part of Derbyshire will be of great benefit to girls who have to spend some ten years of youthful life in the acquisitir of a valuable education, though we believe that the advantages of a situation acces- sible to the three dioceses and the privilege of worship in a large and 'beautiful church close to the school have been very great. Our connection with the school during the past sixteen years has been.of the closest, and we shall watch with affectionate in- terest its future career, which under its talented Head Mistress, we trust, will be one of great prosperity and much blessing to the daughters of the Church.

CRAWFORD'S

===== 0002601_19040604_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
1/r TINS

ASSORTED BISCUITS.

CONTAINING 12 KINDS:

OVAL RICH TEA POLO KIEL FINGERS ALEXANDRA HANOVER RAGLAN THIN ARROWROOT CREAA CRACKERS

MEXICAN ' OATEN WAFERS

MILK MEESE WAFERS

===== 0002601_19040604_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

Warrington are to be congratulated upon their brilliant victory at Ashton-under-Lyne. It was no mean achievement to trounce so powerful an organiza- tion, and the speedy dismissal of the home team was sensational, not to say unexpected. The Warring- tonians maintain their unbeaten record—and one mare is to be aided to a list of creditable perform- ances. It is h.opad—and not without good grounds— that this season will ba remembered as highly successful. The team is a strong one, and so well have batsmen and bowlers acquitted themselves, that the prospects are certainly encouraging.

Batsmen and fielders shone in Saturday's match, which was remarkable for low scoring. Warrington had first .nnings, but owing to the state of the wicket and the capital bowling, runs were difficult to get. The side was dismissed fir 50, Lynes being top scorer with IS. T. Wright was also in fine form and placed a faultless 15 to his credit. W. Richardson, who was responsible for 10, was the only other bats- man to attain double figures. The bowling of Hewetsan and Bailey gave the Warrington men a great deal of trouble. Hewetson captured five wickets for 19 runs, and Bailey took 5 for 31.

The early collapse of the Ashton eleven came as a surprise. Disaster followed disaster, and the team could make little headway against the deliveries of Lynes and E. A. Connor. Within 30 minutes all the wickets were down, and not one player ran into double figures. E. A. Connor accounted for three wickets at a cost of 7 runs, and Lynes captured five for 14.

Warrington 2nd were in good form, but failed to achieve victory over the Ashton second contingent. A draw was the result of the game the teams being pretty evenly matched. E. Pierpoint batted in fine style for 32, and A. Thewlis gave an excellent display for 24. The ex-Warrington professional also distin- guished himself with the ball, and in his first nine avers—eight of which were maidens—he captured 2 wickets for a single run.

A remarkably good bowling performance by Gleave was the feature of the match between Sankey Wire Mills and Knotty Ash. Seven wickets for 9 runs was a capture of which any player might be proud. Knotty Ash had to admit defeat by 38, their best batsman being Jump, who compiled 16. For the Wire Mills, Clarke headed the list with 31.

Cheshire Lines Engineers had the hardest of luck at Arley, the villagers beating them by a single run. For the victors, Egerton, Warburton and J. V. Smith each scored 23, whilst Brown made a splendid not out innings of 36 for the engineers. The most suc- cessful bowlers for the engineers were J. Whitham taking 3 wickets for 7 and Duckworth 3 for 11. Al- together the game was one of the most exciting ever played by the engineers.

Weaverham were more than a ro.atcb for Crosfield's, and triumphed by a margin of nine. Not a solitary batsman reached double iigu res.

Penketh had to bend the knee to Widnes White Rose who ran up a total of 52 against 31 There was no very tall scoring on either side, 13pson's innings for Penketh, which produced 19, being the best per- formance.

Latchford Baptists made short work of Stretton and Appleton who could only raise the miserable score of 16. The Baptists responded with 60, Fletcher con- tributing 11.

St. Paul's had the best of their engagement with Penketh Friends' School. Sixteen was the majority in their favour, and they were greatly assisted by W. Lawless who scored 17. For Penketh, J. Waites managed to go just one better.

Moore and Daresbury played an interesting game with Lostock Gralam, and ran out winners by 6 runs. Lymm triumphed over Ashley by a 45 majority.

Walker's Brewery 2nd suffered defeat at the hands of the "Guardian" printers who had capital batsmen in Gelderd, Woodhead, and Hassey. Burrell cap- tured six wickets for 3 runs. Gregory was responsible for five wickets for 20, and Darton br four for 16 for the Brewery.

There was quite a Derby day at Newton when the Earlestown eleven tried conclusions with the local welders of the willow. Earlestown won somewhat easily, Barr heading the score list with 32. Rylance bowled splendidly for Newton towards the finish, tak- ing four wickets With five balls.

Grappenhall St. Wilfred's just averted defeat, their opponents from Orford Barracks being in great form. The military men had no difficulty in compiling 126, and when six wickets were down they declared their innings. Grappenhall fared badly, and had scored 51. with only one wicket to fall when the time limit was reached. Lieutenant Wheen rattled up 32, and Sergeant Cullerton made 31. not out.

Fairfield secured their fifth victory by defeating Sankey Wire Hills 2nd. The wicket was a very diffi- cult one to score on, and Fatrfield had their work cut out in making the total of 5.2 runs. However when their visitors came in to bat they fared much worse, for owing to the splendid bowling of A. E. Boardman, who secured the -splendid average of 7 wickets for 2 runs, they only made the total of 7 runs. To-day Fairfield visit St. Helens Cable Co. when a good game is anticipated.

The opening main of the season will be played at tile Liberal Club this afternoon. The green is in splendid condition, and some capital games are anticipated.

Saracen's Head entertained Winnington Park on Saturday and came out victorious by a majority of 70 in singles and 27 in doubles. The Junior Conserva- tives had a close encounter with Rylands Bros. In the singles, Rylands's gained a majority of seven, while the Conservatives had the best of the dxibles, three being the margin in their favour.

The competition for the cup presented to the Prince of Wales L-xl4ri of Oddfellows by Mr. A. H. Oros- field will take place on August 6th. Other prizes will be offered, and the event is expected to be a great SUCCelle.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

• Week by week the interest in the works competition increases. The attendance on the King and Queen green on Saturday was larger than ever, about 300 enthusiasts being present in the course ch the after- noon. Three capital games were witnessed and only one first round engagement now remains to be decided As was anticipated, Ocford Tannery had the best of the match with Naylor's timber works. Only one of Naylor's players beat his opponent, and that was J. Howarth, the captain, who placed four more points to his credit than T. Bibby. Orford have a strong, team, and ran up well last year. They are expected to give a good account of themselves in the later stages of the present competition.

Howley Tannery ran Smith's Wire Works very close but had to admit defeat by 3 points. Ditchfield, the tannery captain, went off with great dash, and beat H. Massey by 15 points to two. The W;re Works' captain. (11. Daintith) was also victorious. Of the 12 games the wins were equally divided, and excitement ran high. Greening's had little difficulty in disposing of Whitecross No. 3by a 65 majority. They won 9 games but there were one or two close contests. T. Drew defeated. J. Lomax by 15 to 12, and R. Lomax secured a victory-over F. Page by 15 to 11.

To-day the concluding match of the first round will be played between Wilderspool, Iron Works and Stubs's file works, and I fancy Stubs's will run out winners. In the second round, Thewlis's file works will meet Cheshire Lines, and Cockhedge factory will try conclusions with Locker's Wire Works. Victory will in all probability rest with the railway men and Cockbedge. Of course, Wilderspool and Locker's are both new teams and there may be a sur- prise in store.

There should be a splendid match on Monday even- ing between Pearson and Know lea No. 1 and Fletcher Russell's. Fearson and Knowles' is a fine team, captained by Mr. George Ball, jun., a well-known Lancashire county player and may be relied upon to make the most of its chances—which are very rosy. On the. other hand the gas engineers have not yet been given an opportunity of displaying their, prowess, as owing to the non-appearance of Tinsley's Tannery hey had a walk over in the first round. They • have a

good reputation, and some fine games sbould be wit- nessed. The time for the opening is 0.30.

Next Saturday the following teams will meet : —Crosfield's No. 1 v. Rylands' No. 1, referee, Mr. Monks; Whitecross v. Wilderspool or Stubs's, referee, Mr. Makin; Smith's Wire Works v. Greenings, referee, Mr. Holbrook. There should be a close match between the two last-named teams, and it would be difficult to forecast the result.

On June 18th Pearson and Knowles No. 2 will •be pitted against Landon and North-Western Railway, and Orford Tannery will give battle against Hough- ton's Wire Works. The railway team carried off the cup last year, and their chances for the second round appear particularly bright. Orford and Houghton's will be sure to strain every nerve to gain the mastery, and the matches for the day should be interesting enough for any enthusiast.

The success which has attended the Warrington and District League has amply justified the clubs in embarking upon the venture. The matches are being contested;vvith spirit, and the league is certainly giving an impetus to the healthful game in Warrington and district. Bull's Head achieved a fine performance on Saturday in winning awayfor the second time. They are the first organization which has met with success away this season. Brooklands' were their opponents and had to admit defeat to the extent of 35 points. Bull's Head won 9 games, and there were some excit- ing stages, a single point beinr, the margin in three contests. Liberal Club triumphed on their own green Chapel. House being defeated by 50 points. The Liberals were in grand form and won 10 games. They are hoping that this will be the forerunner of many successes. A capital game was that between E. J. Mitchell and J. Sparkes, the first-named running out winner by 2 points.

The plsiiions of the clubs up-to-date areas follow : Bull's Head Cemetery Chapel House Horse and Jockey 5 ... 3 ... 2 ... 785 ... 619 ... Brooklands Penketh 5 " 3 ... 636 ... 638 ... 4 Liberal Club 5 1 4 ... 657 ... 777 ... 2 Fearnhead 4 ... 1 ... 3 ... 495 649 ... 2

To-day's matches, to be played on the greens of the first-named clubs are : —Brooklands v. Horse and Jockey ; Cemetery v. Bull's Head; Bull's Head v. Cemetery; Penketh Park v. Fearnhead. There will be a great trial of strength—or rather skill—between Bull's Head and Cemetery who play two matches. Bull's head have shown excellent form in winning two away matches, and the Cemetery players are looked upon as a fine organization. The matches should have an important bearing on the champion- ship.

A meeting of the league was held on Thursday evening at the Crown Hotel, Penketh, when repre- sentatives attended from the Widnes, Runcorn and District League, with the object of arranging home and home matches with the Warrington league. After discussion it was decided to entertain the pro- posal, and July 7th was fixed for the first match at Warrington. The teams will be 16 aside, ad War- rington players will be selected from the clubs taking part in the league matches.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

There is very little to chronicle this week, the un- settled state of the weather having interfered with many outings: Saturday, however, was • a splendid day for cycling, and the Warrington Club run to Chester was thoroughly enjoyed. The roads were in excellent order and eleven members journeyed per bike. They were joined by a car-load of four, making a pleasant little party. Tea was served at the Hop Pole, and a stroll round the ancient city and a walk by the Dee helped to while away the time most agreeably. A. grand run home brought a capital outing to a close.

Owing to the incessant downpour,Taesdayl.evening's run to Halton, with its old castle, had reluctantly to be abandoned. The same course had to be taken on Wednesday evening which should have witnessed the initial round of the first b3wlillg main. The event, which is being anticipated with interest and pleasure, will take place on Wednesday next.

To-day's run is to Cranage, and on Tuesday the club goes to that favourite resort—Warburton.

A dozen members of Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Club had a successful outing to Liverpool. Some crossed the river and spent a good tirnei at New Brighton whilst others contented th?:n3elves with viewing the sights of the city.

LIMITING UP TIME.

To-night Sunday Monday 9.33 Tuesday ' 9.34 Wednesday Thursday Friday

===== 0002601_19040604_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Angling.

Anglers are pltiently awaiting June 16th which Marks the end of the close sea.ion. The devotees of the rod and line will then be able to indulge in the sport to their heart's content. The waters at Mickle Trafford are in fine condition after the recent rains, and visitors who try their luck this week-end should have good catches of trout and eels. Mr. Fred Hollo- way, a member of a Warrington Club, did well at Chester last week-end. landing eleven bream, one of which. scaled 2albs. Of course, the close seasoii for the Dee ended on Whit Monday.

Foot Racing. C. J. Straw, the well-knowa Warringtoa rtmaer, figured in the two miles scratch race at Bollington on Saturday and came in second. Shrubb, of South London, gained premier honours. In the mile race, C. atignall, of Warrin.gton. A.C. was third.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR NOTES.

A simple and yet a thoroughly reliable petrol gaugo is sadly wanted. Nothing is more annoying than tg be deceived concerning the amount of petrol remaininy in the tank, and trouble upon this score could very easily be minimised with the advent of some reall - practicable apparatus for determining the precise con dition of the petrol reservoir. 'Mere are, it is true, one or two devices upon the market which are destined to meet tbeir need, but up to the present I have not managed to find one that has proved actually satis- factory.

The majority of the 1901 patterns of motor bicycles are remarkable for the increased h.p. of their engines, , the most powerful yet built being a four-cylinderedl 8 h.p. machine which was shewn by Mr. Charles' Binks at the recent exhibition. This, however, was quite exceptional, although his 41 four-cylindered cycle is a familiar object upon the roads around Nottingham. Most of the makers, however, have designed their machines with engines 3 h.p. and 31 h.p. and these prove to b extremely fast upon the road. There is no doubt that the higher powered motors have been speedily popularised by the advent of the various types of carriage attachments which have come so prominently to the fore during the last twelve months, and undoubtedly, if the cycle is to be used mainly in connection with one of these, an engine of fairly high h.p. practically becomes a necessity. For 'the needs of a single rider, however, the h.p. of some of theonew machines seems to be too great for Use in a land where a twenty miles an hour speed is the , utmost allowed by the law.

Of the carriage attachments, the fore-carriage seems to be the most popular at present, although, person- ally, I prefer the side-carriage, for mechanical reasons as well as for the matter of sociability. Provided it is properly coupled to the 'machine, the side strain should not be particularly severe, although, of course, much depends upon the manner in which the coupling attachment is made. And with the carriage at the side instead of the being at front, the danger of the motor overheating is eliminated, whilst conversation between the driver and the driven one is comfortably possible—a state of affairs that seldom exists with the fore-carriages, and that is utterly impossible with the traler, which, by the way, appears to be practically a thing of the past.

better protected than is at present the case, and yet, even on a Pedalled bicycle, it is quite usual to see the chains rim naked, although it is obvious that the perpetual deposits of mud must alter the pitch of the chain, and perhaps eventually cause it to run off the cogs.

In the same way, the vital parts of the delicate machinery of a car are most often left exposed to all the mud and dust thrown up by the road. It is true that on some of the more superior makes, such as the Sunbeam and the Darraci, this is prevented, by the adoption of a modification of the device used originally upon the Dacauville. In this the mechanism rests upon a bed-plate of metal, which is bolted to the sides of the frame. Yet a little reflection will show that what is bad for the comparatively simple meohanical arrangements of a bicycle must be ruina- tion indeed for the intricate working parts of a car. A. temporary shield •should always be devised to lessen this evil as much as passible, or in the case Of a new car being ordered, special instructions should be given for some 'description of gear case to be fitted.

The London to Edinburgh motor-cycle ride, arranged by the ,London Motor-Cycle club, excited considerable interest in the Scottish capital, and there was a large gathering at the General Post-office on Saturday evening to witness the finish. The riders to the number of 46, started at 10 o'Clock on Friday night, and gold medals were offered to those who suc- ceeded in reaching Edinburgh within 24 hours. Shortly before eight o'clock mile riders arrived in a bunch, having completed the journey within 22 hour from the start. Others put in an appearance at in ervals until 10 o'clock, the number qualifying for the old medal being 22. The recent successful run of motor cyclists from. London to Edinburgh has served more than one use- ful purpose. It has proved beyond any shadow of I doubt, the absolute reliability of the motor cycle as a touring vehicle—always providing, of course, that it has been turned out by some reputable firm, and not merely "assembled " from parts by an indifferent engineering mephanic. It has also shewn that, not- withstanding its obvious drawbacks, the belt still re- mains the most popular form of transmission, fully three-fourths of the riders getting through being so equipped. And finally, it has demonstrated that, for real organisation in a matter of this kind, it is necessary to invoke the help of some old long distance road rider, who knows the ropes,understands a rider's needs and grasps the best way in which he may pro- vide the fullest satisfaction with the least amount of worry for the already more or less worried com- petitors.

The Automobile Club appears to be quite helpless in the matter of dealing with inconsiderate or reckless driving. One of the cpmpetitors in the London to Edinburgh ride was knocked off his *le by a motor car on the wrong side of the road near the summit of Digswell Hill—a point where it is certainly not wide enough to take a large car at top speed in the dark- ness, even if the proper rule of the road is observed. He was thrown upon a heap of stones and rendered temporarily unconscious; but neither driver nor passengers troubled themselves in the least concern- ing his welfare, and the car was driven straight on. It is acts of hooliganism such as this that bring dis- credit upon the sport and assist in promoting restric- tive legislation which presses rather hardly upon those who habitually drive temperately and with a proper respect for the rights and privileges of other users of the highway.

The French trials for the best team to represent France in the Gordon Bennett Race have resulted in the following selection ; Thery I. (" Richard Brasier ") ; Salleron, 2 (" Mors") ; and Rougier, 3. (" Turcat-Mery "). Gabriel, on aDe Dietrich, was a poor fourth and will be the reserve. Jarrott suffered misfortunes with his carburetter ; but for all that he seemed to have but little chance from quite an early period in the contest. They drove consistently well throughout, doing the fastest time in every circuit. This performance has come as a great sur- prise to many not intimately conversant with the doings of the automobile world ; and he is even referred to, in more than one quarter, as an" unheard-of racer." But, so far from this actually being the case, his pluck and skill in , driving have long been recognised. When, last year he drove a Decauville in the ill-fated Paris-Madrid Race, that terminated so abruptly and tragically, he was in a splendid position when the race was officially stopped, notwithstanding that be had been delayed by the various calamities on the road and had but narrowly escaped sharing the fate that befel poor Marcel Renault. It was in trying to overtake Thery, that Renault collided with the tree and brought about the injuries which caused his death ; the marvel is that Thery was not also involved in the smash, and it is.obvions that nothing but his coolness and nerve saved him. This is the type of man to make a suc- cessful Gordon-Bennett driver.

One cannot help feeling some regret at the ill-luck which seems to be pursuing the Darracq cars just now. Although by some thought to be the fastest of any of the cars entered•for England, the Isle of Man Trials showed that they were not really ready for the tests. In France on the other hand, they appear to have been in a completed condition, but, nevertheless, they have, one and all, been eliminated. This makes six Darraca cars in all built for the Gordon-Bennett and they have been beaten- in the preliminary trials-

===== 0002601_19040604_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKING DAY ARRANGEMENTS.

All the Sunday school officials in the town are busily engaged in making the arrangements for the annual scholars festival, which is to be held on Friday, July Ist. Many of the Nonconformist schools will as usual, proceed by train to some delightful spot in the neigh- bourhood, after parading some of the streets of the town. There will be organised processions of the Church of England scholars and Roman Catholic scholars in the morning.

In the "Warrington Palish Magazine " the following particulars are given of the arrangements which have been made :—The children will assemble at their own school sat 9 the head of the procession leaving the Fairfield schools punctually at 9.20. They will be preceded this year as in days of old, before the Boer War, by the military band from. thq barracks, 20 strong, and will pass the Church-street School at 9.30„ Fennel-street for St. Claorge's at 9.35, and Mersey-street. for St. Clement's at 9.40, reaching the Town Hall at 10.0. There we shall salute the Mayor by whose kindness we assemble on the green and at 10.15 we shall leave by the usual route for the Parish Church. The order of the procession will then be that which was agreed to by the Incumbents last year, viz. : 1, The Parish Church ; 2,St. Peter's; 3, St. Paul's; 4, St!. Ann's ; 5, Holy Trinity; 6, St. Baznabas ; 7, St. James.' A special service will beheld at 11, the preacher being the Rev. Maurice Bell, Vicar of St. Katharine's, Abercromby Square, Liverpool. At 2 by the kindness of the Principal,the Training College field will be thrown open to the scholars till 8, tea be- ing providcd at the various schools at 3, 4 and 5. Before and after, viz., from 2 to 5 and Gto 8 the band will play for dancing on the green.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPEN HALL.

JUMBLE SALE.—A jumble sale in aid of the Cricket Club was held in the large room on Thursday afternoon from four to seven o'clock. There was a good assort- ment of articles for sale and customers turned up very strongly, with the result that the funds of the Club will be the gainer by about fifteen pounds. THE CRICKET CLUB.—The Ist eleven were unfortu- nate in haying opponents who could not raise a team. Whit Saturday being a holiday time, consequently they were without match. The 2nd played the Barracks team at Orford and managed to draw. The game was all in favour of the home eleven who compiled 126 for 6 wickets, Lieutenant Wheen being responsible for 32, Lance-Corporal Hayward 24, Sergeant Cullerton 31 ' (both not out), Sergeant Millward 17 and Colour- Sergeant Clarke, 11. Grappenhall made but a poor response the nature of the wicket some ?that upsetting them. The total only amounted to 51 for nine wickets. ,vhen time was called. A few minutes later there would have been another defeat to record.

ST. HELENS MYSTERY. A man's coat and cap were found on Sun 4ay afternoon by the side of the Eccleston dam, St. Helens. Later, the police recovered the body of a man from the water. It is extraordinary that the average rider scarcely llt was removed to the Griffin Inn, and has since been. seems to comprehend what a terrible drawback the identified as that of Alfred Collier, aged forty-nine, of mud is. That is, although he may perhaps have a dis- Brook-street, St. Helens. Collier was a labourer up to tinct distaste for the discomfort Of riding over muddy three or four months ago, when he received injuries to roads, the extent to which the mud effects the machine his head at oae of the glassworks. He remained in scarcely seems to appeal to him. Were it otherwise hospital till a few weeks ago, when he was discharged. He afterwards c )mplaund of having pains in his head there is no doubt that the chains and belts would be iios

===== 0002601_19040604_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
9

===== 0002601_19040604_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ,r

1

===== 0002601_19040604_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
/

===== 0002601_19040604_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
• • . r ••: -

HEALTH AND STRENGTH.

Nature's best gifts are those that contribute towards health and strength. The active principle of the best remedial agents (sarsaparilla, burdock, gentian, lavender saffron, dandelion, and quinine) constitute Gaily!itid Evans' Quinine Bitters, the most reliable tonic, purely vegetable. Health has many handmaids, and all depend on strength of nerve and muscle. We exact too much from these in the daily competitive struggle for success in life,and we have to suffer inconsequence—indigestion weakness, nervousness, sleeplessness, liver disorders, chest affections, and numerous other complaints. Now all these are successfully combated with the sus- taining assistance of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the best remedy of the age. It is safe, sure, and permanent in its effect. If you find you are almost unable to follow your daily vocation, immediately strengthen your constitution by taking a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. They make the weak strong, and give new heart and go "to the weary toiler. They. revive the spirits and strengthen the nerves. By giving tone to the whole constitution they ward off fevers and other ailments. No family should be without a bottle. An occasional dose, taken when a man has felt slightly out of sorts, has prevented many along illness. We assert theabove confidentially.

- Man is much more subject to the influence of his surroundings than is generally supposed. The ill effects upon the general health of living in close, ill-ventilated, and badly-lit homes, offices, or work- shops, are, of course, well known to everyone who has studied hygiene; while the life-giving effects of sunlight. and fresh air are equally well known. The same may be said of the results of the various climatic changes. The injurious effects of a prevailing east wind are evident to all observant persons; and the depressing influence of an approaching thunderstorm on some constitutions has also been observed by most people. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters may be termed an insurance policy against "catching cold," for it gives stamina and a healthy vitality to resist climatic changes and is a reliable safeguard against colds, chills, and coughs, which frequently happen through the weakness of the constitution being unable to resist the effects of the changeableness of the welther.

Gwilyni Evans' Quinine Bitters never disappoints when given a fair trial, and no medicine has had so many imitators,but the purchaser has the remedy against such deceit in his own hands. Note particularly the name" Gwilym Evans " on the label, on the stamp, and on the bottle (a threefold precaution), without which none are genuine. Refuse all others then you will have the satisfaction of benefiting by the unrivalled virtnres of this great conic. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each by chemists and patent medicine vendors, or will be sent direct by the proprietors, without any extra charge to any address in the United Kingdom. _ _

Sole Proprieiors :—Q:iinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Ll.Anelly, south Wales.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

DISGRACEFUL STREET SCENES.—BURNING EFFIGIES. At the Warrington Police Court on Monday, Priscilla Hartlana, and Elizabeth Hartland, 21 Bond-street, mother and dAughter were summoned for camraitting a breach of the peace by acting in a disorderly manner in Plumpton-street on May 20th.—The Chief Censtable said the case arose out bf another which was heard by the Bench on Friday week. A commentary upon their worship's decision was to burn the effigy or the person in whose favour they had decided the case. This kind of thing went on regularly in certain neighbourhoods when a case had been heard at the Court. The popular verdict was given by creating almost a riot, burning eTgies, and acting generally in a way that would disgrace heathen savages.—P.C. Reddington said he was on duty in Liverpool-road when he saw a large I crowd collected in Plumpton-street. Mrs. Hartland I was wheeling an effigy about on a bicycle. Witness spent considerable time in trying to clear the crowd away and Elizabeth Hartland then brought out another effigy and commenced to wheel it about the street, at the same time shouting and acting in a disorderly way. Ultimately one of the ecflgies was set on fire, and the neighbourhood was in a state of semi-riot during the whole of the evening.—John Large, 22, Plumpton-street, against whom the demonstration was directed, also gave evidence.—Defendants denied that they were the prime movers in the matter.—The Chief Constable said he had given instructions that in all future cases of e`fiay-burning. the offenders should be at once arrested. He asked the Bench to make an example of defeadants.—The magistrates bound the defendants over to keep the peace,Priscilla Hartland to pay 10s. costs and Elizabeth ss. ALLEGED ASSAULT ON A TRAM CONDUCTOR. Thomas Warburton, Gorsey-lane, was charged at the Warrington Police Courton Wednesday, with assaulting ' Richard Holloway, tram conductor, on May lath.—Mr. Stanley Wilson, deputy town clerk, prosecuted and Mr. Browne defended.—Mr. Wilson stated that the defendant was a passenger on the 11 p.m. car from the Central Station. On arriving at the Buttermarket-street end of Scotland-road, two: men who were considerably under the influence of drink attempted to board the car which was fall of; passengers. The conductor very properly refused to allow them to get on but as the men were persistent, P.C. Gibbs, who happened to be a passenger, cane to his assistance. The men were ant off and the car resumed its journey. Defendant immediately commenced to abuse the conductor, calliag him foul n unes and stating that the men were not drunk and that Holloway had no right to put them off the car. While Holloway was collecting the fares, defendant began to art.tue the point with P.C. Gibbs. The argument was continued until the officer left the car at Salisbury-street. Defendant threatened the con- ductor who warned him several times to desist, and told the defendant that he wrold require his name and address. These the defendant refused to give. When the car reached the terminus, defendant was abant to leave when the c inductor put his hands oa his shoulder and again asked him for his name and adslress. Defendant thereupon turned round and dealt Holloway a severe blow on the side of the face. Leaving the car, defend- ant challenged Holloway to come and fight him. A number of defendant's friends were urging him on to attack the conductor. He (Mr. Wilson) submitted that the conductors held somewhat responsible positions esvcially when the cars were fall, and he asked the Beneh to sannort the co nmittee in taking that action.— Evidence having been given hearing out this statement Mr. Browne contended that the case was a most tru np- ery,and trivial affair Defendaat happened to s tylto a friend that the conductor had'no right to refuse to allow the men to hoard the car as they were not drunk-. He denied using abasive language or striking Holloway. If any person ought to be summoned it was the conductor for inter- fering with the defendant. The case ought never to have been brought into Court —Frank Page, 123 Marsh- halise-lane. Oswald Litton, Padgate, and Mrs. Harvey, with whom the defendant lodges, stated that there was nothing in the nature of an assault. Defendant simply pushed the conductor.— Defendant was further charged with making use of obscena I,naaaaa—Mr. Browne sail this summons had been taken out as an afterthought when it was known that the Case was to he defended.—The Chairman (Alderman Sutton) said the fat nch thought there were faalts on both sides. it woald have been much better if Holloway-had kept his hands off the defendant,but in any case the defendant had on right to interfere with the eonductor. He must pay the costs of the cases (13a) OLIVE STONES FOR PEPPER—A PENKETH PROSECUTION. At the Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wed- nesday before Colonel Riclaway and Mr. T. Halton, Peter Heath, grocer, 17 Warrington-road, Penketh, was charged with selling 6oz. of white pepper which as not of the quality and substance demanded by the pur- chaser.—Mr. Wilson prosecuted for Lancashire County Council and Mr. William Rudd, solicitor, Liverpool, defended.—lt will be remembered that at a previous hearing the defendant's solicitor stated that a leading London analyst had certified a sample of the pepper to be pure.—Mr. Rudd applied for an adjournment in order that a portion of the pepper might be sent to the Government laboratories to be analysed.—Mr. Wilson now stated that a certificate had been received entirely corroborating the analysis of the County Analyst. Sergeant Ross, acting on the instructions of Superin- tendent Cropper, went to the defendant's shop and asked for 6oz. of white pepper. He told defendant it was required for analysis. A sample of the pepper was sent to the County Analyst, and it was found to contain 2 percent. of ground olive stones. The County Authorities had had a great deal of trouble with cases of adulter- ation and they were generally traceable to the same firm. Grocers had no right to sell pepper containing olive stones.—Mr. Rudd for the defence said his client now admitted the offence. The pepper was sold in the same state that it was bought from the manufacturer, and defendant had every reason to believe it was pure. —The magistrates imposed a fine of £3 including costs, and an advocate's fee of one guinea was allowed. A CONTEMPTIBLE FRAUD—IMPOSING ON THI CHARITABLY DISPOSED.

Mary Naylor. who said she came from Bolton, plpaded guilty at the Warrington Police Court yesterday to obtaining alms under false pretences.—The Chief Constable said he considered the case of snch imr.lrtance as to ask for a remand for a v ‘ek in order to inquire into the prisoner's Itecedents. She was obviously-getting her living•bv one of the meanest and most contemptible forms of fraud that human ingenuity could conceive* She appeared to have been going about to working people and small shop-keepers and Thursday, and repre- sentine that she was in fearful distress, that she had a baby dead in the house. and she was collecting money for the funeral. He did not know how the people managed to believe that story because the prisoner was carrying a baby in her arms. Sometimes she varied the story by sayine that her husband was dead, and she was absolutely destitute. She managed to impose Upon several charitably-disposed people who gave her money. She actually posted a little boy—who was a perfect straneer to her—in the street to watch for the police. P.C. Clarke came upon the scene and arrested prisoner on the suspicion of Mrs. Cross,lB, Knutsford-road,upon whom she had imposed. Prisoner tried to get Mrs.

Cross to go round the corner, away from the policeman, and she would explain to her. Ultimately she had ad- mitted that the stories she had told to excite com- miseration were nothing but lies and fabrications.— Prisoner was remanded for a week.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

Mos DA Y. —Be fo re the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillor Thornton, Messrs. Hayward

and Wright. MEAN THEFT BY A. SOLDIER.—Henry Garvey was charged with being a deserer from the 34 South Lancashire Regiment, stationed at Orford Barfacks, and with stealing .2 I 2s. 10.1 d, the money of Private Henry McArdle and others.—He pleaded guilty.—The Chief Constable stated that the prisoner, who was a private, went to bed with a number of comrades in the barrack room on Saturday night. In the morning prisoner had decamped, and it was foand that the pockets of several of the men had been rifled and small sums of money taken. Police-constable Bennett was on duty in Horse- market street on Sunday morning and met the prisoner 'who was in civilian clothes. The officer suspected that the man was a soldier and challenged him. Prisoner first denied havin,, been connected with the service in any way. but on being pressed admitted having deserted. that he had committed the robbery.—An officer from, the barracks said the prisoner was a recruit and had been connected with the regiment less than a month.—Prisoner was sentenced to a month's imprisonment for the theft, and on expiration of the term he will be dealt with by the military authorities for desertion.—The constable was recommended for the usual reward. DISORDERLY BERA.VIOITIL—EIiz sbeth Kerns, 63, Oliver-street, was summoned for making loud and un- seemly noises in Silver-square on May 23rd.—Defendant made her 24th appearance, and a fine of 10s. and costs was imposed. STONE TflgowrNo.—Ernest Newton, 11, Laira-street. and Prank Brooks, 1, Laira-street, boys, were summoned for throwing stones in Marsh-house lane.—P.C. Clough said the boys were throwing stones on the railway and several men engaged in shunting operations narrowly escaped being hit. Great damage was being done all over the town by stone-throwing.—Defendants 'were fined 2s. 6d. each.

WEDNESDAL—Before Aldermen Sutton (in the chair), and Hutchinson, Messrs. F. W. Monks and Geddes. DEFRAUDING THE RAILWAY UONIPANY.—Rabert and Thomas Davies, strangers, were fined 10s. and costs. with the alternative of 14 days' imprisonment, for travelling on the London and North-Western Railway from Manchester to Warrington without paying the fare.—When accosted by Collector Holland, defendants said they had only been on the platform. A WELL-KNOWN CR tRACTER.—JuIia. Ann Shields, a notorious character, and Thomas Macklin, a soldier stationel at Orford Barracks, were charged with having been drun': and disorderly in Dallam-lane at 11.50 on Tuesday night. The Chief Constable said Shields made her 61st apnearance. She was scarcely ever out of gaol although efforts had been made times without number to reclaim her. The man bore a fairly good character. Shields was sentenced to a month's hard labour, and Macklin was fined ss. and costs. .

THURSDIV.—Before_ Niessrs. .John Fairclough (in the

chair), and J. R. Young. ANOTHER MARKET THEM—Ellen Thompson, of James-street, was charged with stea,ling from the market place a pair of boots, of the value of Bs. 6d., the pro- perty of Thomas Lee—The Chief Constable said the prisoner had, been on remand since Tuesday in order that the owner of the boots might be found. It was now ascertained that prisoner stole the boots from Mr. Lee's stall on Saturday evening, and offered them in pledge on Monday to Mr. Domvi Ile, pawnbroker, Knntsford-road. She gave her name as Mrs. Thompson, 16, Wash-lane, but as Mr. Doraville suspected her, he asked her to whom the boots belonged. Prisoner replied that a Mrs. Marsh, of Wash-lane, had given them to her. Mr. •nyille told the prisoner to go and bring the owner of the boots, and she went away, presumably with that object, but never returned. Mrs. Marsh was seen, but she knew nothing about the boots. Prisoner was arrested by Snnerintendent Monaghan, and when charged re- peated the old old story " I found them on the floor near the stall. I knew -I had no right to take them." It appeared as if market thieves read the papers, and kept clippings of such cases, as the excuse was so often given.—Prisoner, who had been before the Court on three other charge of theft from the market, was sen- tenced to two months' hard labour. "THREE MONTHS FOR NOVI ENG."--ThOnlas • Lee, lodging in Rose and Crown-street was sentenced to three months' hard labour for frequenting Winwick- street with intent to commit a felony, and Taking use of obscene language.—Prisoner was endeavouring to dis- pose of worthloss cards to boys, and hisoffence was des- cr'bed by the Chief Constable as a pr4culiarly disgusting one.—On hearing the sentence the prisoner exclaimed "Three months for nothing! Very good ; I'll write to the Home Secretary about it."—Hs was speedily removed below.

FRlDAY.—Before Mr. Hepherd (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillors Roberts and Thornton. FINED FOR. ASSAULT.—Mary Dockerty, Ship Yard, was fined 10s. aud costs, with the option of 14 days' imprisonment, for assaulting Jane Higgins, 14, Wharf- street, on May 19th.-Ir. Browne represented the com- plainant and said the dispute arose through complainant's husband, who i 3 a trii conductor and recently obtained employ,nent at Preston, having drawn some insurance money. On the date in question, complain-Int was in Mr. Rogerson's lodging house, Ship Yard, when defend- ant cvne in, made use of abusive language, and struck her in the face. nearly " knocking her down.—Defendant made her 7th appearance.—On hearing the magistrates decision she exclaimed that she would)" go for fourteen days." _ .

WIFE DESEItTION.—James Horrocks, 5, Prince's-street, Wigan, was summoned for deserting his wife, Emily Horrocks, 171, Bewsey-road.—Complainant s Lid her husband left her two years last November,and had given her only Bs. since. They had been married ten or twelve months when he went away.—Defendant alleged that his wife broke the home up.—A separation order was granted with 95. per week alimony. A WAIINING TO Bovs.—Tree boys namad Joseph Anson, 128, Evelyn-street, Richard Moore, 87, Plumpton- street, and William CiAmley, 91, Evelyn-street, were summoned for damaging oats, the property of Edwin Grimshaw. farmer, Sankey Bridges.—Mr. Frank Grim- shaw said he saw the buys rambling about two fields. thus doing considerable damage to the oats. He gave chase and with great difficulty caught two defendants who gave wrong addresses. This was the third batch of boys he had caught in a fortnight.—Chumley and Moore, who gave wrong addresses,were fined 6s. and costs ; and Anson had to pay ss. and costs. The Chairman intimated that future offenders would probably be sent to gaol.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
FUR CPS OF VI-C33OA ECM DAY.

Twice each day Mr. W. C. Burrow, 513, Princes-road, Stoke, Staffs., takes two caps of Vi-Cocoa. "And lam glad to do so," he says, "for Ido not fuller from the general lassitude now that I did before. I can testify to the good qaalities of Vi-Cocoa." And so can thousands of other working men and women.

Experience also tells them that Vi-Cocoaaffects bene- ficially bdth the old and the young, and possesses properties equally valuable to the weary brain worker and to the man or woman whose labours are more par- ticularly manual. In fact, there is no cocoa like Vi-Cocoa, and if you have not tried it the Proprietors will willingly send yon a dainty sample tin free, upon receipt of a post card addressed to GO,- Bunhill Row, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BANKRUPTCY COURT.

FRlDAL—Before Mr. Registrar Ridgway. A WARRINGTON BUILDER'S FAILURE.—Joseph Wood- ward, builder, Bewsey-street, appeared for his public examination in bankruptcy.—Mr. Johnson' 'assistant official receiver, stated that two days ago Vie debtor made a statement to the Oficial Receiver' which he thought should be carefully inquired into. The state- ment was handed to the Registrar, who remarked that he agreed it was one that should be inquired into.—Mr. F. fe. Roberts, who appeared for a creditor, and Mr. A. Browne, who appeared for the dehtor, agreed and the examination was postponed until the next Court. The statement was not made public. Re EDWIN Pl'E.—E.lwin Pye. clothier, outfitter and house furnisher, 103, Longford-street, Warrington, appeared for his public examination and was represented by Mr. Steel.—The debtor's statement of affairs showed liabilities expected to rank at £333 18s., and the assets £B7 6s. id., leaving a deficiency of £246 lls. 11d. He commenced business in February. 1901, without capital, and he attributed his failure to interest on loans, bad trade ; the wet season; insufficient capital ; purchase of stock for which I found there was no demand in the neighbourhood of my shop and household and personal expenses in excess of profits."—The examination was closed. BISCUIT DEALER'S B INKRUPTCY.—Edmund Green Barrett, biscuit and cake merchant, now residing at 63, Hale-street, but previously at 3G, Thewlis-street, and 121, Longford-street and the Market Hall, was publicly examined.—Mr. Steel represented tht. debtor. His statement of affairs showed liabilities amounting to £124 195., with assets £32 6s. 21., showing a deficiency of £92 12s 10d. He stated that he commenced business in February. 1903, with £3B free capital, and carried it on, with a partner, until December, 1903, and subsequently alone. He attributed his failure to law costs; an acci- dent to a van; loss on a horse; loss on stock spoiled in transit, and loss on the purchase of his business.—The examination was closed. Re WILLIAM BECKET'', OF WESTON POINT--William Beckett, grain sampler and timber measurer,Post Office- lane, Weston Point, near Runcorn also appeared for his public examination. His liabilites amounted to £275. There were no assets. The Causes of failure were attri- buted to "Insufficient business; losses by betting ; heavy interest on loans; and household and personal ex- penditure in excess of profits."—The examination was closed.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

PRICKETBBS I BUSSEY'S Demon Driver Bats are the V grandest made. BOSSErfI New Match Balls retain that p wipe, and last longer ttsan any others. 13C189eY'a Leg Guards are exceptionally good. Bnatißre Batting Gloves are for buperior to the usual class. 6UBSCY'a Bags are made it, wear. BM3SEY'd Diary and Oompanion is a Gem for 6d. • pply for BUsseEY'a Catalogue from Local Sports Outfitters& 3.3 &rid .38 Queen Victoria street, London. Factories : l'eck ham, London; and Blms wen, Suffolk. (4)

*** Secretaries of Cricket Clubs are requested to send in their reports of matches as early as possible. Reports received later than Friday morning cannot be inserted.

WARRINGTON V. ASHTON- UN D E R-LYNE.—At Ashton- under-Lyne. The ground was sodden by heavy rains and heavy scoring was impossible. Warrington suc- ceeded in gaining a clever victory. Score :

WARRINGTON. ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. Lynes lbw b Hewetson 18 F. L. Eaton b Lynes 2 J. Callon c Coop b H. Coop run out 2 Hewetson 2 S. E. Eaton b Connor 2 W. H. Podraore lbw b N. S. Eaton b Lynes 0 Bailey P. B. Hawtin b 2 Hewetson c Connor b

T. Wright b Hewetson... 16 Lynes E.A.Connor b Elewetson 0 1.. Lee lb.v b Lynes G. H. Übsdell b Hewet- Bailey b Lynes

son 0 N. G. Poundal( not out 2 W. Richardson st Vat- A. Watson b Connor ... 1

son b Ihiley J. Thompson not out 0

E.E. Woods c Hewetson b Bailey G.Liampson lbw b BAiley 0

Extras • G Extras

T0t3.1 56 Total 3O BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. Hewetson Bailey l4 331 5 E. A. Connor. 10 5 7 3 Hewetson bowled three no balls and Bailey one.

WA !MIN GTON V. ASR ro:c-u.sDEH-LYNaI (SECOND ELE V ENS).—These teams met at Arpley on Saturday. &ore :

wAga INGTON. L. R. Connor b Cording-

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. R. Threlfall not out... 37

ley - 13 P. Whitehead c Plias- R. Pierp )int c White- ton b Taewlis heAd b Cardingley 0 J. T. Wright b Thewlis 0 Captain Kota bCording- E. K. Neale b Plin.ston 3 ley A. Thewlis b Cor lingley 21 Duukworth b Plias- C. D. Bromley b Tnrel- ton fall 2 A. G. Blackville c

A. Duckworth b Cording- Connor b Thewlis ... 5 ley W. Rind c Cordingley b not oat Wright E. Pierpoint b Threlfall 32 , F. Barber lbw b Wright 0 D. Plinston c Whitehead

b Wright .. 9 W. Bennett no'. out Extras

Total 107 Total (for 5 wkts) 69

" GUARDIAN " OFFICE V. WALKER'S BREWERY 2ND. —Played on the ground of the former on Siturday, and resulted in a victory for the laoma team by 33 runs.

" G UARDIAN " OEFICC. BREWERY. C. Burrell b Gregory 2 Gregory ran out 1 %V. Nlassey lbw b Darton 8 TomkinscC.Woodhead W. lia.ddock b Gregory... 5 b Burrell C. Gelderd b Tomkins... 20 Messetera. Woodhead

G. Forrester o Darton b b Burrell ; lO Gregory 0 Dacton _st Massey b

NV. Yell c Messeter b

Burrell - 0

Gregory 2 Prince b Burrell 2 H. Lillord c to. Jolly b Jolley-Percival b C

Darton - 2 Wjodhead J. Leech c Knight b Teece c Leeclibßurrell 2 Gregory 0 Collins bC. Woodhead 1 W. Kimberley c Gregory Jolley b C. Woodhead 0 b Darton J. Woodhead b Darton ... 0 Knight .c C.Woodhead _ _ ..

C. ‘Voodiriai not oat ll b -Barrel! Extras 4 . Extras

Tastal

Total ... 21

WEIVEREf \NI V. CROSFIELD'S.—••At VVB.lVOrhanl On Saturday. Scores :

- WE.I.VERRA M. CROSFIELD'S J. Moreton c Dixon b E. %V. Warren c Davies Whitfield A. Johnson b Ashton ... 7 %V. Ashton c Catley b A. E. Catley c Newall b Johnson 0 Ashton W. Johnson b Dargan _ _ _

C. Buckley b D.Lran ... 8 bJohnson 2 A. DAViS run one 3 J. DaTgan c Collier b _

J. Woodward c Dixon b Catie'y 1 Wait&ld B Moss not out 0 T. Dixon b Johnson ... 0 J. Johnson b Dargan 0 T. H. Ford b Johnson 0 A. Hignett b Dargan 0 J. airrows not out 5 J. Collier c Dixon b G. Podmore b Johnson 0 Dargan 0 H. Nowall b Johnson... 2 Extras .

Total

Total

MOOR.S AND DAL:MS[3(7RX V. LT3T3CK GRALA.M.— This match was played at Moore Park on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the home team by six runs. Sco re : LOSTOCK GatLAM. MOORE AND D AMESBURY. J. Webster bS. Taylor... 1 G. Wright c Booth b J. Stubbs c Barrows b H. Maudsley 1 Taylor R. Maudiley bH. Taylor 1 H. Antrobus c Stubbs

J. Billington bH. Tailor 0 b Maudsley J. Woods cW. Antrobus H. Taylor b Maudsley 2 hH. Taylor 0 Rev. F. Clifton Smith c H. Owen bH. Taylor ... 2 NewbeginbMaudsley 4 J. Booth bS. Taylor ... 7 S. Taylor b Maudsley 0 J. Corker c Rassnett bH. W Antrobus bMaudsley 0 Taylor It. Newbegin bS. Taylor 2 J. Smith c Roberts bJ. _

I. HAssalinot out 3 Woods H. Robertse G. Wright b G. Bassnett b Woods 1 H. Taylor 0 R. Gandy not out Extras

Total

Total 26

Lv'.ui v. As Er LEY.—At Lymm on Saturday. Score : ASHLEY. LYMM. F. Greeuleavesc Barwell H. Marsden c Lambert b Savill J. Dewar b Thorpe 4 H. E. Barwell lbw b W. Lambert b Thorpe W ErlanacWilksbThorpe 3 H. Thorpe c Short b R. Hall b Saville H. Short b Thorpe T. Smith b Thorpe 4 W. A. Pollitt b Broad- F. Broadsmith b Thorpe 0 smith 0 R. Lambert not out ... 2 H. S. Saville b Broad- R. L. Overbury b Saville 0 smith 6 R. E. Wilksb Lambeth 0 A. Pollitt c Broadsmith b Lambert 7 T. G. Bate c Lambert b Dewar W. Gibbon not out Extras

Total 29

Total 74

ST Ft ETTON AND APPLETON V. LATCHFORD BAPTIST.— Played at Appleton on Saturday, and resulted in a very easy win for the visitors. Score : STK ETTON AND APPLETON. BAPTIST.

A. Jones b 3. Conway... 2 J. Lester c Hallows b J. R. Moorfleld b J. Chandler Hallam G. Hatton b J. Conway 0 F. Albibson b Chandler 5 C. Hallows b.T Hallam 0 J. Hallam bG. Hatton 1 T. Broady bJ. Conway 1 A. Fletcher b Moor- C. Johnson c J. Hallam b field ll J. Conway F. Hatton cJ. Lister b E. Wirrell c and b

J. Hunt 1 Moorlleld P. Chandler not out 0 E. Cliffe not out 8 G. Fairhurst bJ. Hunt... 0 J. Bibby b Moorfleld 0 J. .Tones c J. Conway b G. Heald b J. Hatton 10 J. Hunt... 0 J. Conway bT. Broady 2 Mainwarinz c J. Bibby b

Conw Extras

Total l6 Total

SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. KNOTTY Asir.—Played on Saturday on the ground of the former, and ended in a win for the home team by 38 runs. Score:—

KNOTTY ASH. . WIRE MILLS. J. G. Cobb b Cook l5 Clarke b Barley 3l Tilley b Cook 2 Pritchard 1) Barley 0 Barley cCook b Llewellyn 15 Burton b Barley . 2 Jump b Gleave Forster b Gleave

Hutchinson c W.Evans b Forster 29 Gleave J. W. Cobb b Gleave 0 Llewellyn c Cobb ip

Noble b Gleave 0 Forster Gow 13 Gleave 6 Cook not out Lunt b Gleave 1 Gleave b Forster Ward not out did not bat Extras

Total ‘,2

Total 120

MONKS HALL AND CO., V. WYCLIFAE JUNIOR.— Played on the ground of the first named on Saturday and resulted in a win for the home team by 2 wickets. A. Smith and W. Pennington both bowled and 14atted well for the home team as also did E. Downing for the visitors.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 4 1904

ST. PAUL'S C.C. PENKETH FRIENDS' SCHOOL. Dawson b Proud Ward b Proud 3 Thorpe b Lawless Barker c Wakes b Brown 4 Brown c Dawson b Forster lbw b Brown ... 2 Lawless 1 Mason c Brown b Proud 0 Maudsley c Gardner b Lawless b Proud Gardner b Proud Bate b Proud 7 Escolnie b Lawless 1 Goss b Proud 1 Dacre c Barker b Mason 1 Seed not out Mann c Proud b Brown 0 Mason 0 Helsall c Seed b Lawless 1 Carr b Mason 11.acnally not out Extras

Total 5O Total CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS V. ARLEY PARK.-At Arley. Score : ARLEY PARK. ENGINEERS. J. E. Warburton c Wilson Duckworth c Cowburn

b Deeley J. V. Smith c Deeley b F. Deeley c Sub b Brown Rev. J. H. Toogood lbw Lqwless c Toogood b

b Duckworth- 5 H. Smith ll Dr. Love b Deeley 1 Jordan bH. Smith 9 E. Jones b Whitham l3 Brown not out 36 H. Smith c Brown b Whithamb H. Smith 2 Whitham .............0 Wilson c and b H H. Hart c Whitham b Smith Duckworth W. Griffin h Whitham 0 Ellam c Griffin b H C. Tickle b Duckworth 5 Smith A. Cowburn b Jordan 1 Hill bH. Smith 3 J. Creswell not out .b H. Smith 0 Extras

Total Wirms WHITE ROSE V. PENKETII.-At Widnes on Saturday. Scores:—

- PENKETFI. WIDNES WIIITE ROSE. Shoobridge b Hill 0 J. Wilcockc Boardman Davies lbw b Sadler 4 b Upson 8 Aylwood b Hill Upson c Bennett b Hill 19 Shoobridge 0 Ward b Sadler lO H. Ince c Singleton b Dambill c A. Barber b Upson Sadler Singleton b Hill 0 T.Hill b Shoobridge... 5 Warburton run out 0 A. Bennett c Singleton _

......—..,........_ _. _ _ _ ,_, Ray b Hill Houghton not oat 0 T. Barber b Upson 2 Boardman run oat 0 F. Teasdale b Shoo- bridge F. Robinson not out 0 A. Barber c Davies b Shoobridge 4 W. Owen b Houghton 0 Extras

. Total 36 Total 52 BARRACKS V. GRAPPENFIALL ST. WILFRED'S.—At Orford Barracks, on Saturday. Score : BARRACKS. ST. WILFRED'S. Lieut. Wheen b H. D. Wicks run out 1 Carter Sergt.Millwood c Carter Gleeson 9_ b Mottram •l7 D. Mail b Alldridge ... 9 Sergt.-Major Tarrant H. Carter b Alldridge 10 run out 0 J. Newey b Gleeson ... 0 Corpl. Meade 1) Carter 1 W. Carter b Gleeson ... 6 Col-Sergt.Clarke run out -11 J. Mottram c Wheen b Lance-Corpl. White b Alldridge Carter 1 J. Peters b Alldridge 0 Lance-Corpl. Hayward 24 E. Banks not out 4 not oat 3l H. Rathbone b All- Sergt. Cullerton not out dridge 4 Drum. Gleeson, Sergt. Smith did not bat Devonport, Corpl. All- dridge did not bat Extras

Total 126

Total

SANKEY WIRE -MILLS 2ND V. FAIRFIELD.—This match was played at Fairfield on Saturday last, and resulted in an easy win for thehome team. The visitors were dismissed for 7 runs, Boardman taking 7 wickets for 2 runs. FAIRFIELD. SANKEY WIRE MILLS.I S. J. Price b Cook ll H. Brough b Boardman 1 R. G. Brandreth b Cook 4 W. Bell c Price b A. E. Boardman c Hewitt Boardman •2 b Brough J. Ball b Brough 1 R. Hewitt run out 2 R. Price c Bell b Brough 1 W Cook c& b Boardman 0 N. Nield c Cook b GJrst 11 P. B tiley b Nield E. S.Haigh b Brough ... 4 S. Partridge c Brand- R. Woods run out 6 reth b Boardman ... 1 H. Whittle b Gorst F. Massey not out 0 a. 'Hawthorn st Haigh F. Norman b Brough 5 b Boardman 0 W. Jones c Brandreth b Boardman 0 T. Barrow not out 0 Extras

Total 52 Total- 7 NEWTON V. EARLESTOWN.—This match took place at Newton on Saturday. Score:— NEWTON. EARLESTOWN. W. V. Turton c Greenall G Flush-tad c Turtonb

b Howarth R. H. Hindley b Howarth 4 T. Marsh b Cooke H. Rylance c Husband b J. Crawley b Cooke Alderson F. Harrison c Barr b b Cooke 6 Alderson T Cooke c Barr b Howarth 43 Marsh J. Marsh c Crawley b W. H. Crowther c Alderson A. Daniels c Crowther b J. H. Alderson not out 9, Howarth J. Pendry c Marsh b b Rylance l4 Crawley 3 C W Emmett b Rylance 0 W. Rylance c Clare b F. Clare c& b Rylance 0 Alderson E. Tomlinson not out J. Gilman b Alderson ... 0 Extras

_ Total

Total 111

A. Ball l5 A Lightfoot 4 E. Brown l5 E. Smith W. Patrick J. Appleton l5 A. Binks 6 R. Clarke l5 J. 'Millman J. Lomax l2 T. Drew l5 T. Wilson l5 W Ball 2

161 / Majority for Greening's, 65. DRAW FOR THE SECOND ROUND.

The draw for the second round took place on Monday night, and resulted as follows : Pearson and • Knowles' No. 1 v Fletcher. Russell's. .

Thewlis' File Works v. Cheshire Lines. Cockhedge Factory v. Locker's Wire Works. Crosfield's No. 1 v. Rylands' No. 1. Whitecross Wire v. Wilderspool Iron Works, or Stubs's File Works.

Smith's Wire Works v. Greening's Wire Works. Pearson and Knowles' No. 2 v. London and North- Western Railway. Orford Tannery v. Houghton's Wire Works. TO-DAY'S MATCHES.

Three matches will be played to-day namely : Wilderspool Iron Works v. Stubs 's File Works (first round). Referee, Mr. John Monks. Thewlis'File Works v. Cheshire Lines. Referee, Mr. George Holbrook. Cockhedee Factory v. Locker's Wire Works. Referee Mr. John Willett. FRIENDLY MATCHES. - •

MAIN AT CROFT.—Oa Saturday the members of the bowling club attached to the Horse Shoe Inn, held their annnal opening games for prizes. The green was in splendid condition and some exciting contests were witnessed. The successful members were :-1, R. Sanderson; 2, James Taylor; 3, W. Maines ; 4, H. Shaw; 5, A. Pomfret; 6, A. Owen. After bowling, a substantial tea, prepared by host and hostess Maines, was heartily enjoyed. Mr. Shaw presided and distribu- ted the prizes. The officers for the ensuing year were also elected. Mr. Shaw was appointed president, Mr. Oakes vice-president, Mr. J. Maines treasurer, and Mr. H. Hankinson secretary. The retiring committee were also re-elected.

SARACEN'S HEAD (WILDERSPOOL) V. WINNINGTON PARK.—These teams met on Saturday on the green at the Saracen's Head, and resulted in a win for the home team by a majority of 70 in singles and 27 in doubles. The playersfwere entertained to tea. Scores : SA.RICEN'S HEAD. WINNINGTON PARK.

•S. D. S. D. E. Bailey S. Mason J. Bailey A. Darnby ll f W Whitby R. Shaeklady, jun.... 11 1 13 E. Whitby 7l T. Pierpoint lll W. H. Lamb 3f J. Broadhurst P. Hankinson H. Crosby T. Heesom E. Twiss W. Rathbono, 6 f J. Millington E. Scott -' 61 a T. Gordon ll W 113 . Timmins ll 5 " G. Isherwood 9 T. Bowers (captain) 5 f 1 3 A. Horton 1 11) 11 J. Hughes ll T. Moore 35 90 72

160 99

JUNIOR CONSERVATIVE CLUB V. RYLANDS BROS.— This match was decided on the green at the Junior Con- servative Club, Orford-lane, on Saturday afternoon, when some very close and exciting play was witnessed. In the singles the visitors managed to win by a majority of seven, while in the doubles the Club were successful by a majority of three. Scares :

RYLANDS BROS. CONSERVATIVE CLUB. S. D. S. D. W. Townsend F. Millar Blomley lO 110 E. Blackledge ll 1 „ J. Langley 4 James Kaye ll f " J. Jolley lll T. Lawton 9 9}13 J. Tracey W. Cottam 7 J. T. Boardman J. Helsby ill O. Lingard J. Wells 4 7f S. Hall T. Short 8 11 113 J, Maskell F. Baker 7 John Ashton T. Jenks R. Haigh J, Woods ll}l3 W. Gibson 2 1 , R. Knight ll G. Molyneux H. Newton 9 a g 11 113 J. Ashton ll W. Daintith 5

171 99

MERSEY v. ST. HELENS.

164 102

Played on Saturday at Penketh, and resulted in a win for the home team by ten matches to four. Score :

SINGLES.

31 ERSEY. ST. HELENS. F. W. Gilbert 1 D. McKecknie 0 H. Hatton 0 J.Kammill T. Miniati 0 Dr. Gray F. W. Wareing C. R. Adamson G. Ainsworth 3. M. Murray F. Joynson H. P. C. White W. S. Knowles 0 W. A. Forster 1 0. Lofthouse 1 J. Cooke

Total 5 Total FOURSOMES:

F. W. Gilbert }ll D. rH. MGaurmlairnye n e H. H J atton T. Miniati i oT F. W. Waring I F. J. Emmett C. R. Adamson G. Ainsworth f f reu eear r 0 Turner leery - 0 J. M. Murray F. Joynson v W. S. Knowles ) W.A. Forster I 0. Lofthouse k

===== 0002601_19040604_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WARRINGTON AND DisTaicr LEAGUE.

The followine mtches were played on Saturday, in beautiful weather, on the greens of the first-named clubs : LIBERAL CLUB. . CHAPEL HOUSE. A. J. Graanhalgh J. Davies l5 J. Unsworth 9 J. E. Warren J. Middleton J. Jennings J. Parr

H. Williams l5 H. Houghton A. J. Jones l5 W. Foster J. Houghton H. Daintith l5 W. Ellison 9 A. Lawton E. J. Mitchell l5 J. Sparkes l3

Total 170 Total l2O Majority for the Liberal Club 50. BEDOKLANDS. BULL'S HEAD. T. Brooks l4 A. Shaw J. Jackson 7 J. Worsley R. Jefferson l5 G. Ball S. Hackney

T. Shuffieliottoin 9 R. Fairbrother (capt). 15 W. S9.v4ge l5 H. Fogg l4 T. Randles R. Healey l4 H Clair l5 R. Williamson l4 J. Shaw l5 W. Randles R. Baker l4 J. Swanton l5 T. Rigby (capt.) l5 W. Simister l4 Total l3B Total 173 Majority for Bull's Head, 33. WORKS COMPETITION.

The first round was continued on the King and Queen green on Saturday, when victories were gained by Orford Tannery, Greening's Wire Works, and Smith's Wire Works. Results : ORFORD. NAYLOR'S TIMBER WORKS. J. Makin - 7 W.Joslin John Povey l5 W. Jones M. Cunningham l5 W. Kinsey 4 James Andrews l5 NV. Vernon James Melbourne (capt.) 15 J. Potter James Povey W. Richardson T. Bibby J. Skelhorne Walter Povey l5 E. Cawley 6 Wm. Andrews l3 G. Cronshaw 7

Total 176 Total 9l Majority for Orford, 85. HOWLEY TANNERY. SMITH'S WIRE WORKS. J. Ditch&ld (captain)... 15 H. Massey 2 G. Gule l5 A. Lomas 7 G. Mannion 7 A. Daintith (captain) 15 G. Berry W. Hargreave ' 8 Tom Malkin Jao. Ditchfteld ll J. Raybould l5 W. Spencer W. Ditchfield G. Hi bbert Fred Clare l4 W. Dodd l5 J. Wilcox J. Boyle l5 S. Hockenhall l5

148 151 Majority for Howley, 3. GREENING'S WIRE WORKS. WHITECROSS SO. 3. R. Lomax l5 P. Page ll NV. Smith l5 J. Lingard R. Edgington 7 A. Charnock l5 T. Edgington (captain) 15 A. Hough J. Sudlow 7 F. Mills l5

===== 0002601_19040604_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STRANGE TRICKS IT DOES.

At first this seems like a strange thing ; almost an MY absurd thing. Can you account for it ? " case puzzled me,' says Mrs. Martha Beverley, "and puzzled others. I had a good appetite and ate plenty of nourish- ing food, yet I lost flesh and got weaker all the time." The lady says she had suffered from indigestion and debility for twenty years. What do we mean by debility? Is it a disease ? No, it is an effect of a disease. "Food did not strengthen me," says Mrs. Beverley, "but often gave me much pain across the chest and between the shoulders. Often, when I stooped down, I could hardly straighten myself up again. As the years rolled by I got worse, and was always in pain after eating. My body would swell with wind and I had fearful gripmg in the stomach. Sometimes they made me faint dead away. For months I knew not what it was to have a good night's sleep. My breath was short and I was troubled with palpitation of the heart. To live was to carry a load almost greater than I could bear. I was pale as a ghost and was scarcely more than bones covered with skin. Now, however, thanks to Mother Seigel's Syrup, I am well and strong again. "A friend (who was a friend indeed) argued its merits to me until I gave up and tried it. Mother Seigel's Syrup first cured my indigestion and all the pains, aches and ailments that were caused by it. Then it made me profit by the food I ate, so I gained flesh fast ; and with that came new life and strength. I used Mother Seigel's Syrup regularly for six months and it delivered me completely from a desease that had clung to me for twenty years, and came near laying me in the grave. What I would say to sufferers is this :—Use Mother Seigel's Syrup and keep on using it; don't doubt or get discouraged. Where one takes it now a thousand should take it. When she made that statement on July 18th, 1900— four years ago—Mrs. Beverley lived at 102, Lumley- I street, Middlesboro'. On February 18, 1904—this year— 1 at her new home, 154, Abingdon-road, Middlesboro', she made and signed this statement: "Referring to my testimonial of four years ago, to the merits of Mother Seigel's Syrup, I am pleased to inform you that I have enjoyed good health ever since. I still take a dose occasionally on the principle that prevention is better than cure; but the old complaint never troubles me now. For twenty years I had endured the tortures of indigestion when Mother Seigel's Syrup restored me to health. From little beginnings it had come to be the haunting menace of my life. My doctor declared I should never recover, but he was wrong. Mother Seigel's Syrup restored me to perfect health, and I feel that I can never praise it too highly." Indigestion does more tricks than any other necro- mancer. Watch it and use the Syrup immediately.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VOICE AND THE PHONOGRAPH.

- _ To prove that a man's voice does not sound the same to himself as to others. Dr. L. Laloy causes several per- sons to speak into a phonograph, and after a few days reproduces the sentencos. Each person recognises the voices of his friends,but not his own. Professor Exner explains that passage through solids augments the in- tensity of sound and modifies its quality,and the sound of one's own voice is given different timbre by reaching the ear through the air and the bones of the face instead of through the air alone.

The King and Princess of the Shan States in Upper Burma have placed orders Nvith their agents in Rangoon for a gentleman's and a lady's " Premier" Tricycle.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Personal. The Rev. Richard Heber Bowen, of St. Aidan's Theological College, Birkenhead, has been licensed to a curacy at St. Paul's Church, Warrington. Police-sergeant Washington of Lymm has been awarded the first class merit badge for long and meritorious service. The sergeant has been at Lymm a little over two years, but altogether he has been in the force for 22 years. Acting-Sergeant Sharpe, who has been promoted to full sergeant entered upon his pew duties at Bowdon on Wednesday. It was origin- ally intended that he should be drafted to Sale, but that order was countermanded.

Mr. Herbert Parkinson, secondary clerk on the staff of the Warrington Education Committee, has been appointed assistant in the Higher Education Depart- ment of the Surrey County Education Committee at a salary of £l2O. Mr. Parkinson is 25 years of age, and has been over ten years in the service of the Warrington Technical Instruction Committee and the Education Committee. He has been selected from a large number of candidates. His many Warrington friends will wish him success in his new appointment. LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS and SHOES, UNDER the CLOCK, BRID GE-STREET.—AdIt-

- Accident. - On Monday evening Osmogd Ellam, 14, Dalton Bank, was admitted to the Infirmary suffering from slight concussion, the result of an accident which befel him whilst following his employment at Messrs. Rylands Bros.' Works, Church-street.

ASK' for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLA.Sb MINERAL WATERS.—Advt.

Messrs. Crosfield's Band.

Crosfield's Band has been very busy during the last week, fulfilling engagements at Frodsham, Lymm, Shaw, and Roy ton.—M a contest promoted by the tradespeople of Shaw, they gained the 2nd prize, the result being: Ist Shgw, 2nd Crosfield's, 3rd Irwell Springs.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the RING or TONICS.-63. SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Music in the Park.

The Borough Brass Band will play the following programme of music in the Park on Sunday : —Hymn, Bethlehem; grand march, Tannhauser, Wagner; selection, Lontzing, H. Round; soli and chorus, "To Thee Great Lord," Rossini; selection, Anna Bolena, Donnizetti ; selection, Prince and Peasant, H. Round; God save the King. FIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR- LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street;Warringion.—Advt. Warrington Education Committee. The following students of the Warrington Second- ary School have been successful in passing the Collec- tive Examination recently held by the Board of Education, and have been accepted by that Board as qualified for admission as pupil teachers, viz : William E. R. Collins, Mary M. Gandy, Frances Jolley,May Westvrell. Mary L. Bishop, who sat as an external candidate has also been accepted.

BCE BOOTS FOR ALL.—UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt Warrington P.S.A. Mr. Blakemore presided at the weekly meeting held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street on Sunday. Mr. Roberts sang "If with all your hearts" and " When I survey the wondrous cross " in good style, being accompanied on the piano by Mr. Wadsworth. Mr. E. Lloyd Jones was the speaker, his subject being "And He steadfastly set his,face to go into Jerusalem." ASK. for CUNNDiGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERA WATERS.—Advt. Will of Mr. David Meldrum. Mr. David Meldruna, G-rassendale Park, Liverpool, general manager of the Cheshire Lines Committee at Liverpool, left estate valued at £6,149 18s. Gd. gross, and at £6,035 17s. lid net, and probate of his will of the 31st December, 1887, has been granted to his widow Mrs. Mary Meldrum of Bishopton(Mr. Frederick Thomas Farrimond the executor, having renounced probate.) The testator left the whole of his estate to his wife absolut ly.

IL M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
Prospects of the Cheshire Fruit Crops.

The- warmer weather of the past week

and the

accompanying rain have, effected a marvellous im- provement in crop prospects generally in Cheshire. Not for many years has there been a better show of apple and pear blossom,and the yield of fruit promises to be a splendid one. The raspberry, gooseberry, and currant trees are full of fruit, which is ripening ripidly. The outlook with regard to stone fruit is, however, less favourable. Although damsons and plums bloomed freely only a medium crop is expected. On the Dee banks at Farndon and across the border in Holt an immense area ls under strawberry cultiva- tion. It is early to speak with any degree of certainty but there are encouraging indications of a good crop With the exception of a slight frost on the 20th ult. the weather has been very favourable for the early potatoes, and there is every promise of good hay and corn harvests.

PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER the CLOCK for BEST BOCT .1 in LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Lord Cross's Birthday. Among those who attended the King's levee at St. James's Palace on "Monday was Viscount Cross, who yesterday attained the age of eighty-one. The vener- able peer is the son of the late Mr. William Cross, of Red Scar, Preston. Educated at Rugby and Cam- bridge, he was called to the bar in 1849, and sat in the House of Commons for Preston from 1857 to 1862. In the latter year he disappeared tempo- rarily from political life, on which he had made so far no particular impression.— In 1868, however, he saw an opportunity for a grand political coup, and laid the foundation of his future fortunes by beating Mr. Gladstone in South-Wet Lancashire. " Liverpool went crazy for joy," said one contemporaneous writer, and as for Lord Cross's party—it was ready to give him the moon had he asked it. He was first in office as Home Sectetary in 1874 under Mr. Disraeli—for which post his solid merits and sound business capacity fully fitted him. Lord Cross was an intimate friend of her late Majesty Queen Victoria, whom he is believed to have advised constantly and ably in her private business. FOR CLASS AND CiuNA. of every description try

J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, aria 55, Bridge-street. Warrington.—Advt. Warrington Assessment Committee.

A mee—ting of this c3mmittee was held at the Work- house yesterday. Mr. Billinge presided in the absence of Mr. A. J. Jolley, and there were also present, Messrs. S. Davies, J. Clarke, William Houghton, G. Mather, and 6. C. Sutton (clerk), W. I. Woodcock (assistant overseer) and William Owen (valuer). Mr. Owen reported that since the last meeting he had made the following valuations :—Cheshire Lines Committee, new stables of Great Northern Railway Company, Lythgoes-lane, Warrington, gross £BO, assessable £42; Mr. Boardman, new house. 28, Salisbury-street, Warrington, gross £42 10s., rateable £36; Messrs. Greenhalgh and Co. Limited, Church-street, Warring- ton, works, sheds, stables and yard. These premises are reoccupied alter the rebuilding since the fire, and the machinery is not fully completed. Say for current rate £lOO gross and £B5 rateable. and then to be re-valued.—The report was adopted.

- . BASSINETTES AND MArr, CARTS in latest art shades.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Good Templary in South-west Lancashire. The quarterly session was held on Saturday at Southport, and there was an attendance of over a hundred including representatives from Warrington, Leigh, Widnes, &c. The District Chief Templar, Rev. J. A. Lee, in his report, noted the large amount of interest shown throughout the dis- trict. The numerical position, as defined by Bro. Morris Jones, District Secretary, was debated at some length, while the D.S.J.T. Bro. Newman (Earlestown) gave an account of the juvenile department, a large accession to the mem- bership having been made. The district executive dealt with a number of matters, including the recent decease of Bro. R. W. Kirkus, P.D.C.T , who had been an active official for over a quarter of a century. District Treasurer Bro. G. B. Walker initi- ated a.discussion on finances, which resulted in the adoption of a resolution whereby the income will be considerably increased. Bro. It. W. Rycroft, D.E.S., subjected the Licensing Bill to a scathing criticism, and it was decided to authorise the D.C.T., to sign a petition to the House of Commons, strongly urginn. the rejection of the bill. It was also arranged Co hold a demonstration on June 19. The next mectincr is to be held at St. Helens.

UNDER the CLOCK for GOOD BOOTS.—AdVt.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

Proposed Alterations in the Surveyor's

Duties.

This authority held its fortnightly meeting at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday under the presidency of Mr. S. Woodward. There were also present :—Messrs. 61. Pilling (vice-chairman), C. E. Linaker, T. Batter, C. B- Linaker, jun., J. Mounfield, T. Wright, J. L. Jones, Whitley, A. A. G. Guest, J. Bolshaw, J. Whitlow, a Roylance, W. Fletcher, J. Hallows, J. T. Collier, T.• Antwis, H. Eyes, P. Mounfleld, A. Broome, H. M. Davies, J. Smith, H. MawdsleY, Harrison, S. Horton, E. Bretherton, R. s'• Chrimes, J. Spruce, R. Billington, Admiral Jones Para, with Dr. Adams (medical officer of health), Messrs. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (deputy clerk), J. Far- rington (inspector of nusiances), J. Swinton, and Diggle (surveyors).

_ MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT. Dr. Adams reported that a case of diphtheria at Stockton Heath,a case of scarlet fever at StocktonHeathl and another at Grappenhall, and a case of typhoid fever at Five Crosses, Frodsham, had been notified. The Frodsham Lordship Parozhial Committee were .asked to inquire into the sanitary arrangements in the last named case. PRECAUTIONS AGAINST MOTOR ACCIDENTS. A circular letter was received from the Cheshire County Council pointing out that by the Motor Car Act an obligation was placed upon local authorities to set up sign posts denoting dangerous corners, cross roads and precipitous places. The County Council's Association and Municipal Corporations' Ass(' elation had proposed uniform symbols for the purpose, and as the Local Government Bear' considered that they might conveniently be adopted they did not propose to issue regulations upon the sub- ject. The Main Roads and Bridges Committee of the County Council had appointed a sub-committee to con- sider and report as to the erection of sign posts, notice &c., upon the highways in the County, and the Rural Council was invite.; to make suggestions as to where in their opinion there was any real necessity for such warnings. As the cost of erecting and maintaining these posts would be considerable, the advisability was sug- gested of local authorities endeavouring as far ao possible to prevail upon owners and occupiers to keep fences at cross roads as low as possible so as not to obstruct the view of persons using the road. The Clerk said he had forwarded copies of the letter to the surveyors with a request that they would report to the Council.

Mr. Baxter thought the matter was quite outside the business of the Council. The motorists had an Automo- bile Club and they ought to erect the sign-posts. /le objected to the spending of a single shilling towarde making it easy for these men to travel and run anyone down.

The Chairman: The Act of 1003 places an obligation upon the local authority to provide the signs. Mr. Baxter: Let them pick their own dangerous places. I propose that we take no notice of the letter. The Chairman: I am afraid we shall have to de something. The County Council pay the whole of the expense.

Mr. Baxter: It comes out of our pockets all the same.

Mr. Boishaw seconded Mr. Baxter's proposition, but on a vote being taken it was defeated. The Surveyors were instructed to prepare reports oil the matter.

APPLETON SEWER EXTENSION. With regard to the question of extending the sewer in Birchdale-lane, Appleton, Mr. Farrington, inspector, reported that it would necessitate an expenditure of something like £4O.

It vras decided to obtain tendern for the work. PILLAIOSS-LANE, WALTON. Messrs. White, MacTver and Co., Warrington, wrote under date May 25th. with regard to the taking over of Pillmoes-lane, stating :—"Tf the Council will take the road over from to-day and at once put it into propf?r condition and maintain the same as a public road, Sir Gilbert Greenall will give the stories which he Pur- chased from Messrs. Fowles, Fairhurst, and Mounflekl, and also on completion of the work will pay gloo towards the cost of the same."

The Council approved the terms. THE SURVEYOR'S DUTIES.-PROPOSED A LTERATIOIkIS% Mr. Linaker said it would be within the recollection of some members of the Council that originally the , duties of the surveyors were to attend to the highwaYe pure and simple. Additional duties were thrown upon them at a time when it was thought that by making them assistant inspectors of nuisances the Council would recover from the Local Government Board a portion of their salaries. The work of attending to the sewers, which formerly devolved upon Mr. Farrington, was put upon the surveyors. It was never alleged that Mr. Farrington was overburdened with duties. They knew he did his work in a very excellent manner, but he had'never complained that he had more than he could do. Siace that time the surveyors had not only hod charge of the highways and sewers, but they had also at times been engaged in preparing plans for additional sewers in various townships. There had been no saving of expense in this direction, Wells?, the surveyors had in many cases been paid a commissie': on the work done. The surveyors had also had to PII" upon them the passing of the building plat under thei, Building Bye-laws, the inspection of the houses, ane reporting. He certainly felt the Council had put oP°ll the shoulders of the surveyors more work than should have been put upon them, if they were to giv,e the time necessary to the performance of be' duties. There were 162.3- miles of road in the, district, and the surveyors had to do a great deal of travelling. He believed that if the duties were re-arranged, the Council would get better results from the expenditure on salaries. During the year ending September 1902 the expenditure on the, , highways was £4,548; during the year ending Michcelmas 1904 the expenditure was £6,609. That was equal to about 45 per cent increase. He moved the appointment of the following committee to report on the matter-- Messrs. Baxter, Wright, Woodward, Pilliag, Bolshaws Antwis, Broome, Mounfield, and Linaker. Admiral Jones Parry seconded. It was ultimately decided that • the whole Council should consider the matter at a special meeting.

WORK ON lIIGRAYS. The Highways and Buildings Committee considered the Surveyors' estimates and recommended certain re-- ductions and alterations. The decisions included one "that the proposed improvements to Thelwall Old-roadc Grappenhall, and pavement near Reddish Hall be struck cut, the Surveyor to report further." At a subsequent meeting it was decided that the road opposite Grappenhall Church be improved at a cost of £2O.

The Surveyor was instructed to ascertain the opinion of owners and occupiers in regard to the proposed rais- ing of the road near Runcorn Heath, Weston. The committee accepted Sir Gilbert Greenall's offer to hand over a new road opposite the Stag Inn, Walton, for pnrposes of a diversion, and to take over the .metal from the old road.

The minutes were opproved. THE NEW ISOLATION HOSPITAL. It was intimated that the two foundation stones of the new isolation hospital at Dutton would be laid on Thursday, June 23rd. The committee had decided t' ask Mrs. Talbot or Mr. Talbot to lay one stone (failing them, Mr.Linaker), and Mr. Woodward to lay the other; 111r.Wright to be chairman for the day. After the cere- mony tea will be served.

,3,1143Yer have the race meetings enjoyed a larger measure patronage than is the case this season. The Zing has long made it his practice to attend on the veral days of the Epsom races, the Queen, as a rule, °lll3t going down for the Derby. This is, of course, the Z• ettle's picnic, and is very different from the fashion- 's gatherings at Ascot and at Goodwood. Given fine .3trheather, both these meetings should be at the height of it!ir social glory this season. Ascot usually keeps up n° reputation in this respect, but it is some years since rodwood was favoured by a large attendance of isqaltY• Their Majesties however have accepted the -an of Goodwood House for the race week, and will enntertain a large party there. It is many years since the :sr en was at Goodwood, and it is his Majesty's first , wslit since his accession. The Prince and Princess of I ssates will also be present, but will probably be the Wests during the week of Mr. and Mrs. Willie James of est Dean, near Chichester. ofiLhe_Generations of the Royal Family.—The Princess %sales, who has now entered upon her thirty-eighth Itr, is almost as successful as Queen Alexandra in re- ss„utog her youthful appearance. In days gone by the st•Proach of forty was considered quite the matronal I is,ge, but there is no such thing now, and the passing of sisTatY years or more is supposed to make very little eerence in our ways and ideas. At one time it was a I Z111,1111)11 remark that the Queen looked younger than Ma daughters, and like the lady in the verse, her llseestY still appears to le " charmed from changing." t the Queen it is understood, now rather objects to a galskiiment much is open to be construed unfavourably reference to her claughters.Soon there will be ! another.' kettles-ration of the Royal Family growing up, for Lady, landra Duff, her Majesty's grandchild, is now in her itturteenth year. Formerly she was dynastically a very th,!)Prtont young person, standing in near succession to 'lrene, but she, of course, now gives way to the ulitiren of the Prince and Princess of Wales. RiA Russian Engagement.—The Czar is stated to have his consent to the engagement of the Grand Duke are '4,1 of Russia, to the Grand Duchess of Hesse. They se, urst cousins, the Duchess being Princess Victoria, sis'ise°l:l daughter of the Duchess of Coburg, who is the • of Duke Cyril's father, the Grand Duke Gladimar. the e re is a further family connection, as the Czarina is pr sister of the Grand Duke of Hesse, from whom tlacess Victoria was divorced some time ago. This tilleiled no reflection upon her. The Duchess of Saxe- had an extraordinary desire to marry her s,,Nhters at an age when most girls are still in the -z-I,lslioolroorn, and Princess Victoria simply made the alssrta,ke that is so often the result of such youthful tot -r'agos. Still even so, it is unusual in Royal circles s,eut.s. divorcee to re-marry, and the Czar objected on ts, grounds to the engagement. Apparently the tr'Peror has been led to change his mind, by the very narrow escape from death, he being one of )141-s ',7erY few who escaped in the blowing up of the eke;sin battleship Petropavlovski at Port Arthur. resss-",_chen are" Fashionable."—A leadinq fashion paper IsosTriss that it is no longer the correct thing for society slen to be bored" by the presence of their :Ill- hrZai It is the example of the Royal Family that has e tight this change, and made it fashionable for 44 tart People to be seen about with their children as possible. Many parents are no doubt desf;• '?d, like members of the Royal Family, by the ihut sir°.flive pleasure and training to their offspring, oy shi's Is not the light in which it is presented to us belie a society journal. The children, we are led to 31e, sve, are taken out because it is fashionable to be Sisswith them, just the same as at other times itlis 40t4nable to take out dogs. In that case it may be ase.led whether the children• appreciate the change, fa,,ss May be questioned whether people of rank and Stit,:lon do neglect their children, in personal care, so .itt-a as seems to be assumed by this writer. to sse,Flamboyant Hat.—The working class girl appears these insing her affection for the very large hat with tath streaming ostrich feather. Amongst fashionable Iraserings one sees many "shocking examples" in the sgre 0f headgear, not infrequently made still more con- ! the tions by the loose flowing veil. The factory girl on 11,0,0ther hand seems to be forsaking the exaggerated in millinery, and amongst the holiday crowd at sen"sontide one could hardly fail to notice how 1 Als-serallY the plain or fancy straw hat had taken the 1 • of the gorgeous creations of former days._ The , hoii:sootable feature of dress amongst this class of the 'a37 Makers was the gaudy coloured shirt, for which be SaOSt startling shades of blue and purple appear to r's most popular c'noice. 1 esar's woes of the Tailors and Dressmakers.—Tailors kilgressmakers are always very ready to devise a 4ecibleular style of garment for every branch of sport ' is, °as would have thought that the advent of the s tor Id have brought them increased' ?ssi„sing coetume would ttusss. They complain however that the opposite , us_ se case, and that people wear any old clothes under .loose motor overall. It is no use dressing in the' Jisht of fashion for motoring, and therefore people go I,%wearing old clothes instead of ordering new ones. men's tailors have also another grievance, and say la t.`,S ?wing to the growing expensive tastes of women • aeir dress, the average man about town now orders IstBY, one suit where he used to order two. Someone ik,0,0 economise, and according to the tailors it is the to r man who has to suffer. The process has only got thE,RO far enough, when he will become too shabby for the _Women to be seen out with, and then will come RN, reaction, and the turn of the ladies tailors to . tat;?1,10-date Hosiery.—All the newest hosiery is very No" 'ace inserted, whether in Lisle thread or silk. For sestsesr Wear the mode is a delightful one, but lace in- sspet''S stockings should never be worn for walking, 5,\4113" with the fashionable promenade shoe. In the 400Cace they admit dust too freely, and in the second thremonsuitable for such a purpose. The plain Lisle (loop 'I, or silk hosiery, is much more desirable, for out- lose %% Or and all-black is in better taste than the „mix- black and colours. When coloured hosiery is asf:": it must exactly match the own, or the effect is Ari; in the extrenie. ;IN uld World Mode. There is, at the moment, quite ioser. for scarves such as our great grandmothers Nze quaint examples in old lace embroidery, painted Pos,),.‘rs but unless arranged with graceand skill,they A• "4.°e said to prove a success. Many women lust • Deceues? scsrves. and then trust to chance nce that they. t'sa est) in position, but the wiser and more successfu. jowl, 13 fix them by means of invisible stitches and s.tklusse.s. When evening dress is concerned, this pro-' °gee 18 more difficult but with patience it can be Thessfelly exploited.' ‘klial'4llltheisc'n of Taffetas.—Many leading modistes de- PIO% at taffetas would not live through the spring h'it With the arrival of June we find this de- save t .fabric in greater favour than ever before. We lit'rsti alit etas' ' taffetas shot, and taffetas embroi- -1144 Ite4oa:l (Plaint and beautiful in themselves, and exactly' tng with the IS3O modes which we are still ad- -S to.

MADGE.

NO CONSCRIPTION. CABINET AND THE CONINIISSTON'S 1:1141 L, REPORT. tb'''oY representative of the Press Association •R'',li.t—ere is at present no probability of his Majesty's itl'clti)B4;eros.Propos',-T!g to establish. ,in this country any I.„,s`glerlti ; conscription for malt:try service. Several ottl,„ al members of the Government hold that such Oodations on this subject as have been made 115'41111437,!'r1d the scope of the reference to the Royal 1.2ti0, • 'on on Militia and Volunteers. A large pro- t'"ok4i or the Cabinet itre understood, moreover, to °ltipietBß that the public are not yet prepared .for so in the methods of ormy recruiting. Fels-Naptha A 'fact is like a stone wall; a l'rett h Y hard thing to butt your ead against. GO by the book. that If You don't, it isn't the fact " gets hurt. ks els NT --aptha 39 Wilson street London E C

===== 0002601_19040604_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE,

Mr. Wright reported that the balance in the treasurer's hands was £ll9 12s. 10d. THE NEW ARRANGEMENTS. Mr. Pilling referred to the new arrangements in re- gard to the time of meeting, and suggested that a great saving of time would be effected if the minutes of each meeting were printed and taken as read. The suggestion was agreed to.

REMARKABLE OCCURRENCE. DEMONSTRATING THE EXTRAORDINARY HEALING AND STRENGTHENING POWER OF SEAWEED.

UNABLE TO WALE THROUGH WEAKNESS,

DROPSY AND KIDNEY TROUBLE. GIVEN UP BY DOCTORS. IN BED SIXTEEN WEEKS. RESTORED TO HEALTH BY VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC, THE GREATEST CURATIVE MEDICINE

TN GREAT BRITAIN.

MRS. H. H. HOLIES, writing from HERBORN VILLA, BAKER STREET, WESTON-SUPER-MARS, says: Mr. Von°, Dear Sir—You will remember me writing to you in January, from Crowle. I came here three weeks ago for a change, and took VEND'S SEAWEED Toxic up to leaving. I am quite a wonder; every- one says I must have nine lives; no one ever thought I could get better. I believe it was your, SEA WEED TONIC, with God's blessing that cured me and I feel very thankful indeed to you. I have told lots of people,and got several to take it, and shall tell all whom I come in contact with. You will remember that T was given up by two doctors, and was so bad and weak that I could hardly move, and was sixteen weeks in bed- I have only taken one or two doses of your tonic since I came here; I will always keep it by me. I have given it to several people and it' acts like magic. You may use my letter if you choose"; my home address is Cross Street, Crowle, Doncaster. VEND'S SEAWEED TONIC is used in hospitals and by doctors, it being the only standard preparation con- taining the strengthening, healing and purifying pro- perties of Seaweed combined with other vegetable es- tract4. - We absolutely guarantee that it will cure the worst cases of indigestion, gaetric catarrh, liver dis- orders, kidney troubles, and such ailments as wind on the stomach, nervous depression, general weakness, chronic constipation, weak and painful back, headache, and female ailments. If it fails we return 2s. 6d. through the London Trading Bank, London, for everY 2s. 9d. bottle purchased. Ask for VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC, at Chemists and Drug Stores everywhere. Price is. lid. and 2s. 9d.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•- • • - - .

===== 0002601_19040604_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
A MASTERPIECE Dar OFFER -ars SKIRT & BLOUSE 7? OUTFIT for JOHN NOBLE'S , 'ODEL 2569 consists handsome SKIEr in lc or Navy Serge. Of en Holland (stock Inverted pleat at ack, stylish trimmings. applied complete with etty Flaked Muslin .OUSE, relieved with rrow insertion; •hable collar. Blouse are: Black. Blue, Eau 11,RinkorSky.Olacie .ther Belt, aid. ex. should hasten to a remarkable op- en thougl. Jt be reqr - jarments 4. WRITE

hey =ay ing the Mediate,

SKIRT & BLOUSE ALBUM Post Free

JOH NOR

of IL. 1313.02 Brow sizes) back Sur pre BIA Bar tam Cojø deNE Lea; Ladies sieze this _ _lark Rortnn ity, even Inlay nOt gar

===== 0002601_19040604_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAT.

FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

Lace is very much worn this -season, ane .uckv possessors of heirlooms in the form ol old lace scarves and shawls will find abun- dant scope for exercising their artistic talents in the draping of these treasures with sof+ folds which will glorify summer dresses, blouses, or even coats, and increase their value in every way. Both black and white lace are greatly in demand, and in some instances the two are even to be met with in striking contrast on one and the same toilette. In black Chantilly is perhaps the favourite make, and it shows to great advan- tage when draped over white. Cream ane yellowish lace harmonises, of course, with any material and any colour, but it is observable that the tendency this season is towards employing the finer makes of lace in pre- ference to the coarser varieties which for one or two summers have been so markedly popular. This leaning towards fine laces probably arises from the fact that all material'

p I \\ , ./ /111,c, \\ 1( )

===== 0002601_19040604_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
A SUMMER SKIRT.

are of the diaphonous, delicate kind, and are not laid flat on the lining, whether of bodice or skirt, but are gauged or tucked whenever possfble. Let us hope that the weather during the next three months will offer numerous opportunities for wearing these airy-fairy toilettes which demand unclouded skies and brilliant sunshine.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
My first sketch gives a good sample of the elaborate skirt for summer wear such as I have referred to. It is in this instance f biscuit-coloured voile gauged round the hips, and pleated down to the bands of embroidery headed with a narrow gauging of the material at either edge. These bands of embroidery divide the skirt twice, the lower one finishing 'off in a full frill which flows round the feet. A white muslin would make up very charm- ingly in this style, with open muslin em- broidery arranged in a similar fashion; while, if desired, the skirt could be made shorter with less of the trained effect. Indeed, the so-called crinoline skirt promises to reign supreme this season. It is so described, I fancy, because that the fulness of its style which goes on in,:reasing towards the feet produces something not unlike the• old- fashioned crinoline when first introduced and before it develod into the monstrosity whose ugliness has been so faithfully depicted in the pages of "Punch" of that period. Let us hope that the rulers of fashion will not lead

*- 4...„..7,.).- coo/ 2 - - ' ....: ,- ~, to . • e c...‘ • 4.,, , _ ilifrii ~ 4rat ,\\ Q._.., . 5 i l.rc,•-• .4) • e'i ''' - • • ••••

===== 0002601_19040604_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
A ROSE-TRIMMED HAT,

ets so far astray as to permit of a revival ot such an exceedingly inartistic and uncom- fortable article of dress. The present style, of dress has most emphatically the effect of reducing the apparent size of the waist by reason of the fulness which springs out above and beiow, and there are some very charm- ing belts of a soft kind which cling closely and add to this desirable result. _ . .

Millinery is charming beyond description i this year, and the pretty hat which s illus- trated forms no mean example of a dainty up-to-date chapeau. It is formed of a burnt shade of fine straw, with the edge of the brim bound with rose-pink velvet, while a wreath of roses are arranged round the crown and form the sole trimming save for a band of gold-pink silk, which passes over the brim at the left side and forms a soft chou at the bandeau at .that side. It is a simple but lovely hat with its beautiful lines and curves. Many girls •find that their last season's hat will again do duty this year, for it had not many opportunities of losing any of its freshness owing to the lack of bright days. A little alteration may be necessary, but even if the hat is slightly soiled its defectS can be concealed by one of the fashionable veils draped cunningly round the crown and forming a curtain at the back. Some of the newest hats are trimmed only by a lace veil and one or two clusters of flowers. Occasion-

We can, then, safely say that the abandon- ment of preference to the Colonies by Great Britain has certainly not brought any evil effect upon British or Colonial trade. Modern Preference.

MR. CHAMBERLAIN imagines that preference to-day will accomplish something that it did not secure fifty years ago. He also wishes us to believe that the Colonies are giving a real preference to British trade and that they are prepared to extend that preference; bit only on condition that we are ready to do the same and to do it at once. Says Mr. Chamberlain:

Believe me, now is the appointed hour. Those rising peoples—still comparatively in their infancy, but making progress which in a few brief years will place them immeasurably beyond their present position—those rising generations cannot wait, they have their destinies to control. They have their paths of progress to mark out. Do you think they will wait for ever on the out- skirts of your indisposition ? No, grasp the occasion while it arises, or it will for evcr slip from your fingers. Now before we grasp anything let us be sure it will not sting us. Let us know what we are grasping. We are asked to abandon cur present Fiscal policy in order to give a prefer- ence to the Colonies, not- merely for the sake of the Empire, but also for the sake of our trade!

If Mr. Chamberlain will drop the idea of benefiting British trade by his scheme, it would greatly simplify matters, and we could then look at his proposals purely from the patriotic point of view. But as he will insist upon parading his proposals as tie only means of improving British trade we are bound to judge them from a purely commercial stand- point. --- Business Questions.

- Brushing aside all Mr. Chamberlain's high- sounding words, business men will want an answer to this question: "Has the preference given by tie Colonies increased British trade to a larger extent than foreign trade ? " The fipures give the reply. Here are the values of British and American exports to Canada:

Year. Total. British. Americau. 1897 21,323,000 5,880,000 11,404,000 1893 25,261,000 6,406,000 14,800,0C° 1899 29,870,000 7,356,000 17,700,000 1900 34,501,000 8,856,000 20,416,000 1901 35,500,000 8,563,000 21,420,000 1902 39,295,000 r,801,0n0 22,950,000 1903 44,962,000 11,758,000 25,758,010

These figures show, that the preference given to British trade by Canada is not, in practice, equal to that given to the United States of America.

The second question business men will want answered is: "Will the promised preference increase British trade more than foreign trade ? " The reply to that question is that so far as we have been able to discover no promise of further preference has ever been made by anybody on behalf of the Colonies, except by Mr. Chamberlain himself! Now Mr. Chamberlain may be a very great man, but he -has no mandate to speak for the Colonies; that being the case, would any business man speculate a brass button upon any political promise Mr. Chamberlain miht make? The only preference the Colonies could give which would be worth while to con- sider would be an equal market for British manufactures, but this the Colonial manufac- turers'have refused to give. They are quite willing to give us a sort of preference, that is, they are prepared to increase their duties against foreign goods. But they will not accept any alteration of their tariffs which does not give an adequate protection for their own industries against those of Great Britain. It is for such a flimsy advantage that Mr. Chamberlain asks us to tax our food and endanger our foreign trade.

The fine hitting feat of Gilbert Jessop when he scored 28 in one over may rank as a record for county cricket, but it is a long way below what has been accomplished in club games. Only the other day K. E. M. Barker, of Surrey and the Wanderers, hit one of the Cranbrook trundlers for 28 in an over, and this is by no means an r ncommon performance, it having been done .a several occasions in the London district. It is only about two years since when the Bath cricketer (W. Hyman) indulged in a truly cyclonic innings. In one hour and fifty minutes the Western county m'an actually scored olfhis own bat 359 out of 466. In two overs W. Hyman hit 64 runs, or 32 an over. It was against E. M. Grace's lobs too, and as 466 runs were registered in 110 minutes one can well appreciate the extent of such hurricane hitting. There is another instance where a club man hit four sixes and a seven in one over against very fast bowling. Hitters in club cricket are very common. Many years ago a Mitcham man is said to have hit a ball on the old green for twelve, and then expired, having ruptured a blood vessel

P. . IS‘ ' • IIL \\\‘\t \\4

===== 0002601_19040604_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY BLOUSE.

ally two veils are to be seen, the one worn permanently down the back, and the other for wearing over the face when desired. The latter is generally of a very fine make of net with a lace border.

Blouses arc, of course, in great demand, and a very pretty One is given in my last sketch, made with bands of silk thread open- work as a trimming, finished by pretty little silk tassels. A thin woollen material or a pretty transparent voile would make up nicely in this style over a silk under-bodice. In all bodices or blouses the long-shouldered yoke effect is worn, and is expressed in many fashions, sometimes by bands as in this blouse, and at 'other times by a yoke and shoulder-piece in one of lace or embroidery. The fichu effect or the simulated bolero are two fashionable modes which I can recom- mend, each being suited to different kinds of figures. It is noticeable, too, that the fulness of the fashionable sleeves no longer continues into a large pouf above the wrist, but stops short just after the turn of the elbow. Some bodices show a sleeve that ends there, neces- sitating the wearing of long suede gloves, while others again have the arm covered down to the wrists by a long cuff of lace or embroidery. The latter, I fancy, wilt be ;owl(' the most popular and useful styled . COQUETTIiI

===== 0002601_19040604_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 4, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CHAMBERLAIN'S UNAUTHORISED PROGRAMME.

OLD RAGS AND WORN-OUT PANS.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADE AND _EMPIRE IN DANGER.

WHEN Mr. Chamberlain re-stated his case at Birmingham on May 12th, he gave us no new light upon his proposals of Preference and Protection. Beyond the fact that he now describes them as his second "unauthorised programme" there was scarcely a fresh sen- tence in the speech. To adopt his own phrase we had nothing but

"the waving of old flags and the clatter- ing of worn-out pans." The spiech at Birmingham was the same old cry: Your Empire and Trade is in danger.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Ancient Preference.

ME. CHAMBERLAIN sometimes speaks as though he imagined that the idea of Prefer- ence for Colonial produce was something entirely new. If he entertains any hope of securing the patent rights for that proposal, a study of the records will quickly shew him that the plan was tried in the first half of last century and abandoned as useless. If we take the figures of exports to British Colonies before and after those Colonies enjoyed preferential treatment in our markets, we shall find some interesting results:

BRITISH EXPORTS TO COLONIES UNDER PREFERENTIAL TARIFFS.

1839 16,345,769 1844 16,712,712 1840 17,458,307 1845 17,077.060 1841 15,003,425 1846 16,165,315 1842 13,473,064 1E47 15,147,679 1843 15,228,834 1848 13,035,543 It will be seen that during the time we were giving a preference to the Colonies our trade was small and unsteady; it fluctuated back- ward and forward in a most unsatisfactory manner. Now let us consider the figures after preference was abandoned. For brevity we will give the average for each five years:

BRITISH EXPORTS TO COLONIES UNDER FREE TRADE. E E 1859 37,000,000 1890-4 78,000,000 1860-4 46,000,000 1895-9 81,000,000 1865-9 50,000,000 1900 94,000,000 1870-4 60.00 D 000 1901 104,000,000 1875-9 67,000,000 1902 109,000,000 1880-4 81,000,080 1903 111,000,000 1885-9 79,000,000

These figures are eminently satisfactory. If we turn to our imports from. the Colonies we find the same steady upward progress. In spite of the fact that the Colonies have now no preference. in the British market, and have to enter upon the same terms as foreign nations, still our Colonies have been more than able to hold their own.

IMPORTS FROM THE COLONIES TO GREAT BRITAIN. Z L 1855-9 40,000,000 1890-4 96,000,000 1860.4 68,000,000 1895-9 98,001,00 1E65-9 68,000,000 1900 109,000,000 1870-4 76,003,000 1901 105.000,000 1875-9 83,000,000 3902 106,000,000 1280-4 96,000,000 1903 113,000,000 1E25-9 87,000,000

===== 0002601_19040604_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
MUNICIPAL INDEBTEDNESS. Soma Interesting Statistics.

liEThe following are particulars from a return of the indebtedness of municipal boroughs :

- Outstanding Assess- Loans and Sinking able 1 Overdrafts. Fund &c., Value. £ £ £ Manchester • 20,195,829 ... 371,031 ... 3,508,041 Liverpool Accrington 307,180 ... 5,848 ... 175,259 Ashton • 769,043 ... 12F,026 ... 174,503 Racup Blackburn Bolton 3,558,417 ... 407,537 ... 739,782 Burnley Bury 700,975 ... 56,457 ... 261,630 Chorley 298,189 ... 51,122 ... 92,997 Clitheroe 130,103 ... 20,723 ... 39,629 Colne :386,831 ... 12,283 ... 85,521 Eccles Heywood 416,332 ... 23,437 ... 105,628 Leigh 432,602 ... 40,074 ... 165,910 Middleton Mossley 204,001 ... 7,574 ... 60,617 Nelson - ... 126,124 Oldham 2,833,980 ... 313.648 ... 460,035 Rochdale Salford Warrington 1,099A41 ... 6,814 ... 147,391 Wigan Crewe Dukinfield Hyde Macclesfield Stalybridge Stockport Batley Dewsbury Todmorden

===== 0002601_19040604_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

THE SEWAGE QUESTION AT LOWER WALTON.—As Mr. F. Monks very naturally objected to the sewage running into the brook within his grountois he lodged a complaint with the Runcorn Rural Sanitaty Authorities. The latter appointed a special committee to investigate into the alleged nuisance, and as a result we understand it is advised that Stockton Heath should be approaced with the view of making an arrangement for the purpose of allowing the sewage to be carried into their sewers.

THE MAIN SEWERS.—INTENDING APPLICATIO'NFROM LOWER WAETON.—We learn that it is contemplated by the authntities of Lower Walton to approach the Stockton Heath Authority for permission to be allowed to enter their main sewer for the purpose of carrying away some of the sewage of Lower Walton.—As) it is considered that the Stockton Heath sewers are in danger of being congested owing to the rapid increase of the district it is doubtful whether consent will be given. In Stockton Heath itself it is felt that it should now face a new sewage scheme and it is probably only a lack of public spirit or courage about the expense that is keeping the question back.

In the House of Commons on Tuesday Mr. Winston Churchill left his former place amongst the Unionist rank and file, and took a seat on the front bench below the gangway on the Opposition side.

CI A 'CIO,' 13 41. PII.I P,P 11w-ranter, to cure, in either 11. X, ell soquired or constituti,nal discharges from the Urinary Cr.:ens, °ravel laud FAins in the back. Free from biercu,y Itstablished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4e, 641 each, of all chemists and Patent Kediline Vendors through- out the worlel, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland .Countles , Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt.

FLORILINE !—FOR THE TEFT}Ir AND BREA7ll.—ThornngblY cleanses the teeth from all rarasites or impurities. luirden's the gums, prevents tartar, slops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly *whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Floriline " Powder," of all chemists and Perfumers,— Advt. _ . .

VALUABLE iDIFCovERY rit 7Hr your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR FENIMEP, for it will positively' r•store. iu every case, grey Or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, at, well as promoting the growth, Price 3s. 6d. rer bottle.—Advt. To MoTHEAR.-11Ire. Wisetow's Soothing Syrup has been millions oemothers for their &Al- ined for over fifty years by ,ten while teett.ing.with perfect success. It will relieve the " or sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and odu es natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from In and the little cherub awe kes "as bright as a button." all Chem'. ts Is. lid per bottle,--Advt.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
t model of a fa.shionalile expert, 'a:na-to: .aatically constructed to give strong support and Improvement to the figure. Ladies who use this new model Corset say it is far and away the best ever manufactured.

The J.B. Corset is beautiful In ccmstrtsction

and unrivalled in style. PRICES 3 Ili to 108. Obtainable from the prin- cipal Drape rs a rid Latlies'Outtitters. but if any difficulty in procuring, write for mune of nearest agent. ••13 the J.B. Sid,Spri,v Corsct—Th.• Roe Imports. is

he wear of every E;rn'et Lly guaranteed by the Solo

Manufacturer, ;rap.f Ancaats Sine, Manchestor.

WALTHAM WATCHES.

BEST TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. DSNNISJN'S. TiE CITY HOE, 3, (371.&L310 E. LoNDoy, 13.0. SEND FOR PRICE LIST.

in 4t on hartn, ,rtant.—T; ab.olutel A J. S. BLAIR ri

===== 0002601_19040604_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX

4

Tr,-.

4.00. vir; . lt,tof

• 2e..- 4; A • ,

i cit, ~i,:i, -,‘" ~, ..,.

;Wtri h t'. ;4 t 4

1"4.' • 4. 47 !.*

,r••- ' • • • •

,

===== 0002601_19040604_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
e.rm, ic* ,

•

't

£1

me,"

- „

Possess the following qualities in a high degree:— Th.7,-y STi;EhICTHEN the STOMACH They REGULATE the BOWELS They PURIFY and ENRICH the BLOOD They give TONE to the whole NERVOUS SYSTE BEECHAM'S PILLS ocrollgtiani,nhut dairmegpoufreiGinveergaleta%en:emtaillldic beneficent and sure.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
They will restore you to health if you give them a chance.

BEECHAM'S PILLS have ever enjoyed the confidence o? Ladies for the ailments peculiar to their sex.

Sold Everywhere In Boxes, price is. Pd. (56 pills) :ma 2s. ed. (i6B Pills), with full directions.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST 3-; WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used but

COCKLE'S PILLS as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

COCKLE'S FREE FROM MERCURY.'

• 1. - 1,1 "' • ‘. 't V • _ _ 4,4lNietz.. ,--15-Atvekik • , .

===== 0002601_19040604_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTIBILICHIS PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

PICTURE FRAME,

For BILE, LIVER ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

finglish and Foreign Picture Frames. Bvery requisite for the trade. of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BCOK. 160 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps.

Regilding A Speciality. Largest stock

IMPORTER ( F GLASS.

GLASS STOCK LISTS FREE OBIAPPLICATION.

H. MORELL 17 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON W . • • Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41. Neal Street, (in the rear), Telegraphic Address: Rabbitry, London." Teiephnne e 135 Centrstt

C RITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,576. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

1 •

• (..v.`" ,s.:. -- : i , 0 - 2,'..": i' 'a, ..i.., A*' v. .„,..,

72)7s 0/20,

&°6?&P

0 Is wonderful water proofer for B BOOTS & ALBESS. Sof- Dales' tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow polish. log with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGH UT AWARDS. illi Tins 2d.. 6d., ec 8.2'6 of Boot oubbin Makers, Sad,Bers, Ironmoneeri drc. Manntactory East Dui-Inch London.

Used in the Royal Laundries. Should Reused in every house. Once tiied, always wanted, MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW ne grea, ..,00n ever offered to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish tostatehedLincn,Laces,eto It does nut stick to spider-web-like materials. Soil everywhere in Packets at Id., 3d.. and 6d.. each. PREPARED ONLY BY T. CRITCHLEY, Chimist, 13L74e103UR1z • 7, Whiter 'PP tract, London, IS.U.

.1g ') test

===== 0002601_19040604_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
TOWLES'

1-40A4M-

===== 0002601_19040604_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
.„.

TO BE MID OF AI.L CHEM/5751N VOXES /,/ 29 aq4,;6;oß SENT ANYWHERE ON RECEIPT OF 1.5.3i085.5 STAMPS DT EXTOWLE C° 4C LON: ROW NOTTINCIYAM

===== 0002601_19040604_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
s the most Casu men I sustaining Food on earth.

COMPLETELY REMOVES INDIGESUON, CON- STIPATION, UNIQUE for AtIiEVIIA., FEVERS, GOUT, CONSUMPTION, DIABETICS, hHEUMA- TiSin and INFLUENZA. A full week's supply sent for P.O. Is., with LANCET ANALYBIS AND REPORT. PHIDEAUX'S FOOD CO.. MOTCOMBE, DOILbET or th.-nuvh Ch.mists. Eit• Pte.

WASHINO AT HOME. 111211DPO1D.11" VOWEL XLS" Washing. "me"' and Mantling Xashines SAVE TIME,

• SAVE LABOUR, and SAVE THE CLOTHES. Writs for Catalegiss, AM fres ins aft,lidratios. THOMAS BRADFORD A 00, 140, 141, and 142, lima HOLBORN, Lannon ; Vic-roan. AVENUE, DRANSGATI, MANCHESTER; 130, Boua-arrama_ . LITERPOOL ; CRESCENT IRON Wei, SALBILER6

===== 0002601_19040604_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
• 't

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

The National Service League and the Report of the Royal Commission. Sirt—the momentous report of the Royal Commis- sion on the auxiliary forces presided over thighe Duke of Norfolk will inevitably excite much die ion, and justifies the National Service League in asking for public support. The League was established in February 1902 for the express purpose of continuously urging the necessity of general military or naval training for home defence. Now that its objects have been endorsed by a Royal Commission, the League, though in no way pledged to the detailed proposals of the report, may claim to be a rallying point for all who are in accord with its main pt inciple. The National Service League, which counts a con- siderable number of militia and volunteer officers among its members, is fully alive to the sacrifices that have been and are being made by the auxiliary forces. But the League believes that it is unfair and impossible to ask these forces to continue by their exclusive efforts to relieve the rest of the civilian population from their responsibilities. The higher standard of training and discipline now required from them cannot be obtained except bY farther and larger sacrifices. Is there any reasonable expectation that such sacrifices will ba forthcoming on the part of a sufficient number of physically qualified men? The majority of the Royal Commissioners after a searching investigation into the efficiency and numbers of the auxiliary forces confirms these views. In the minority report (there is no pain like that of a new idea) which shows most reluctance to accept the principle of compulsion, far more stringent training and discipline for the auxiliary forces are advocated. But even Sir R. Knox is constrained to allow that the "requisite number of young men of the necessary physique may not be forthcoming voluntarily," and admits that if this condition is not fulfilled "the only way of meeting the difficulty" would be "to apply some system of compulsion." There are other arguments in favour of some form of general military or naval training beyond those adduced by the Commissioners, who were necessarily limited to a certain aspect of the question. They are not of a purely military character. The conventional view that economic loss is involved in the withdrawal from pro- duction for a short p3riod of military training of a certain number of the population is apparently undergoing revision. At any rate such a view is emphatically repudiated by our neighbours, who have had actual experience of compulsory service and whose economic progress is undoubted. Closely allied with the question of economic efficiency is that of physical fitness. The marked inprovernent in physique recorded among certain continental peoples is distinctly ascribed to military training. Again the air is now full of imperial sentiment and appeals. But is there anything which will bring home so vividly to the population of these islands the consciousness of empire and the responsibilities awl duties it entails as the devotion of time and personal exertion necessary to qualify them for its defence? The National Service League therefore confidently invites the support of all who realise the importance of general training to co-operate in keeping this question before the public mind. •Much has been done and is being done for the promotion of Cadet Corps, Rifle Clubs, Miniature Rifle Shooting,&c. Everything accom- plished in these directions will tend to make the burden of subsequent training more natural and less onerous, and to procure better results from its adoption. But the value of these efforts would be immensely enhanced if they were associated with the main principle which the National Service League was organised to promote. —We have the honour to be, your obedient servants, WELLINGTON, HARDINGE, • NEWTON, J. WOLFE BARRY, HENRY J. BIRCEIENOUGH, N. BOWDEN-SMITE!, C. E. DAWKINS, C. S. GOLDMANN, W. F. S. MANN, E. P. WARREN, ROBERT YERBURGH, 31st May, 1904. The National Service League, Dacre House, Victoria-street, S.W.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

Warburton Bridge Tolls. A PENKETH CYCLING ACCIDENT.

The monthly meeting of this Council was held at. Bewsey Chambers on Wednesday, Mr. T. Halton presid- ing. There were also .present :—Dr. Murray, Messrs. Brooks, Ball, Mather, Thompson, Knowles, Forshaw, with Dr. Sephton (medical officer of health), Messrs. J C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), F. Ker- foot (inspector of nuisances), B. S. Newcombe(surveyor) and H. H. Burnage (assistant surveyor).

RETURNS OF FIRES WANTED.

A letter WAS read from the Rome 01Ice stating that

the -.Select Committee appointed by the HOU'3.B of Commons in 1900 to inquire into the subject of the pro- vision of fire brigades recommended that returns should be obtained annually by a Government Department from all local authorities of the number or fires occurring, the loss in life and property, and the number of fire brigades. The Secretary of State had decided that a return for 1903 should be presented to Parliament, and the Council were asked to supply infprmation relating to their own district. Mr. BROOKS : Would it not be best to refer the letter to the Warrington Fire Brigade ? We have no statistics. The CLERK : There is no fire brigade within the dis- trict. I think it would be useful if inspector would make notes of all fires occurring in the district. It was pointed out that no obligation rested upon the Warrington brigade to attend fires in the rural district. The Clerk said he had not yet received a reply to his inquiry as to the scale of charges proposed to be made upon rural authorities to retain the services of the brigade. Mr. NIAMIER : The brigade have never refused to render services, but they can refuse. In the course of further discussion, the CLERK expressed the opinion that Burtonwood ought to have an arrangement with a fire brigade—from Warrington, Newton, St. Helens—on their own account. Mr. FORSHAW said the Parish Council had had under cOnsideration tho provision of appliances to obtain water from the main in ease of fire. It was pointed Out tiPt lir W 44 not aUllcient pressitfA tom the maing. The matter then dropped. FgARNREAD SEWA CIE.—T.IIg i..*GGESTED ARRANGEMENT The CLERK read a letter from the clerk to the Poulton Parish council stating that that authority bad met the medical officer of health, the surveyor, and inapector,with reference to the Fearnhead sewerage ques- tion. Mr. George Mather, the District Council repre- sentative, was also in attendance. Subsequently the Council met and unanimously resolved:— That this Council having very carefully considered the question of the sewerage of Fearnhead, suggest that the District Council call upon the owner or owners of the "hoases in Orchard street and Fearnhead lane to construct •a settling tank or tanks to receive the sewage from the property, as suggested by Dr. Senhton, such tanks to ba emptied periodically, this Council being of opinion that if this be carried out the objections of Dr. Sephton will be met, and thereby an expensive selvage scheme avoided." Dr. SEPHTON said the conference was the outcome of his report to the Local Government Board for two years that he wished to have a better system of drainage if possible at Fearnhead. The matter came before the Council some years ago and plans were prepared of a very costly scheme which was abandoned. He was quite willing that the arrangement mentioned in the resolution should pass for the time being. The CLERK pointed out that if the property owners did not comply with the request the Council would have to undertake a very expensive scheme. Dr. SEPEITON said it would be necessary to obtain the permission of the owners to place the tank on their land. The matter was referred to the o'licials to report further upon.

A PENNETII CYCLING ACCIDENT. CLAIM FOR DAMAGES.

Mr. H. P. C. WRITE, of Halton View Penketh, wrote under date May 17th, that his wife had a bad fall from her bicycle the previous night in Station-road, Penketh, near the Co-operative Stores,owing to the way in which the road had been left by men who had apparently been laying a pipe across it. The doctor said she would be laid up for ten days or a fortnight, and he claimed damages on her behalf from the District Council, in the sum of £5. He might say th tt the roads about there were frequently left in a rough, unfinished state, by the men doing the kind of work mentioned. Mr. KNOWLES : Was it our men who did the work? The St7RVEYOR : No, sir. Mr. THOMPSON : Who did the work? l'he SURVEYOR : A local plumber, I believe. We are not liable. The work was done without the permis- sion or knowledge of the Council. The CLERK : Our answer is that the Council has no liability in the matter. 'The CHAIRMAN remarked that no plumbers or anyone else who wanted to take up the road should do so with- out giving notice to the surveyor. It was wrong that they should be allowed to do so.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
A POINT OF LTA.BILITV.

The CLERK presented a bill from the Corporation in respect of the treatment of a patient who was kept in the Infections Diseases Hospital 59 days. He remarked that that was an exceptionallylona time forsuch a case. Dr. SEPHTON pointed out that complications arose. The CLERK said he thought the Council was liable only in regard to infectious disease, and if patients had to be detained in consequence of other diseases they should be sent to the Workhouse hospital. Dr. SEPHTON : They have no right to detain them in the isolation hospital after fear of infection has eassed away.

There was no further comment on the matter. TRE SURVEYOR COMPLIMENTED.

Mr MA.TEI-ER- -complimented the Surveyor and his staff upon the expeditious way in which the extensive improvements in Cinnamon-lane, Padgate, had been carried out. The work had been done very quickly and well, and had been favourably commented upon in the parish. HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT.

Dr. SEP RTON reported that during the month there had been 20 births and 34 deaths. The death rate was equal to $5.8 per 1,000 against 30•8 the average for the past three months, and 42 for the corresponding period last year. Twenty-three deaths occurred in Winwick Asylum, and exclusive of these the death rate for the district was 9.3. LONGFORD DEPOT IMPROVEMENTS.

.4.1,••••, ••. The INSPECTOR reported that he visited Longford depot on Monday, and found there had been a great im- provement. A new boiler for supplying motive power had been at work since the previous Wednesday. The manure was being removed direct from the dryers, in- stead of being discharged on the floor. A reservoir for storing water was being constructed and would soon be completed. Mr. IiZtOWLES remarked that the wind had been blow- ing from the east lately, and the smell was not so bad. A week or two ago, when the wind was blowing the other way, there was an " awful smell." The INSPECTOR said the improvement which had been effected was wonderful. Whether it would continue or not, he could not tell. When the work had been com- pleted the Medical Oncer of Health would inspect it. WARBURTON BRIDGE TOLLS.

The SURVEYOR reported that he had interviewed the surveyors to the Bucklow and Irlam Councils with respect to Warburton Bridge tolls. The clerk to the Irlam Urban District Council wrote stating that the matter had been considered by the General Purposes Committee. The Council were very much in favour of Mr. Newcombe's proposals, believing that the freeing of Warburton Bridge from tolls would be a step in the right direction. The Council would be prepared to give all reasonable support to his pro msals, apart from incurring any financial liability, which they would not feel justified in doing, seeing that the bridge was out- side their boundary. If the Warrington Council thought the appointment of a joint deputation to dismiss the proposals with the Ship Canal representative wouJd be advisable, the Bucklow Council would acquiesce, andhe would be pleased to hear what further steps were taken in the matter. Would it not be advisable to solicit the aid of the two County Councils? The SURVEYOR explained that the County Councils had been approached and asked to take over the bridge as a main road, but they declined to do so. If the tolls were abolished the Lancashire County Council would be prepared to take over the bridge as a secondary road. The only matter to decide was how much the Ship Canal Company would take to release the toll gate. The Council deferred further action, pending the reply of the Bucklow Council.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY COUNCIL GRANTS.

The SURVEYOR presented the following detailed report on County Council grants :—At your last meet- ing. I was instructed to explain fully the County offers, which are as follow :—The application for the formal increase of main roads maintenance was not acceded to, but the £2OO extra macadam grant will be made per- manent, releasing an equal amount of maintenance, thus increasing the total to £1,796. The application for pay- ment of supervision, etc., for county improvements, was also refused, there being no similar payments to any other district within the county, but the salaries allow- ance was increased from £BO to £lOO per annum, to be included in the £1,796 expenditure. On being remon- strated with for ignoring the improvement estimates sent, in, an additional amount was included in the offer of £7O for kerbing etc. at Sankey Schools. On pointing out to Mr. Schofield that Halton's Bridge improvement was derived from loan monies, and was not an ordinary improvement, he allowed £5O super- vision plans, &c., which will be charged when the work is finished and the account sent in. The county offer for next year now stands as follows :—Ordinary maintenance with extra Macadam, £1,796 ; Re-construction of Man- chester road, £200; kerbing at Sankey school,£7o ;total £2,066;a150 Halton's Bridge payment approximately£l.loo In another visit to the County officials, I urged with regard to Alder Root-lane, Winwick, that we always had the through traffic which should be paidlfor as secondary whether the Vulcan length was adopted or not, and I have now been informed that this road will be scheduled as secondary, and would also be paid for as from the beginning of last year. The permanent increased paymenta from the County will now be as follows :—Maintenance, main roads, £200; salaries, £2O; secondary roads, £36 10s. Some time ago, I applied to Mr. Compton Hall, amongst other things, for a new spittle bridge. Mr. Hall has now surveyed the land i around and s preparing a scheme, and I have good reason to believe that the work will be hurried on with all speed. I have not yet had official intimation of the secondary specials of £5O for Cinnamon-lane, and £5O for Hood-lane, and I think it advisable to sae Mr. Schofield on the matter.

Mr.SitooKs complimented th 9 Snrveyor upon hi q very concise and plain statement and the good terms he had obtained.

SAKE V BROOK.

The SURVEYOR reported that he had ni3t Messrs. Crosfield's representative on the site of their tip on Sankey Brook. and he promised that he would have the tip stripped back and a retaining wall of some kind built. When this was done he would again clean out the brook at that point. lie (Mr. Nexcombe) had also met the Ecclesiastical Commissioners' surveyor at Long- ford,and he was going into the matter of obstructions and sittings in the Sankey Brook. He intended to take the matter up thoroughly and would try to arrange combined action of the different landowners for the purpose of preventing further hoods.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
SANKEY WATER SUPPLY.

At the request of the Sankey Parish Council it was decided to make an arrangement with the Corporation for a supply of water to Brow Farm, Great Sankey.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
IN AND AROUND WARRINGTON.

The Social Problem.

[BY TIIE FREE CRITIC.]

The public conference held last Sunday evening at Parr Hall on the Social Problem was,so far as Warring- ton is concerned an epoch. No doubt in certain pro- fessed and probably well intentioned religious circles there were shaking of heads and remarks about" The Social Problem " not being a fit and proper. subject for discussion on a Sunday, overlooking the fact that the Founder of Christianity ace.trding to the records of holy writ by precept and example never hesitated on the Sabbath Day to discuss social questions and also to use that day for the betterment of his fellow men. For example lie healed on the Sabbath Day and who does not remember the precept He gave . about the ass falling in the pit on the Sabbath Day. Who fails to see the truth from this example and this teaching? The truth is that the Light is only seen and comprehended as through a glass darkly by many people and it takes a vast amount of hard and strenu- ous living before some are wakened out of their false conceptions of life and Christianity. Let me'say before I mention Mr.Dunnico's attitude in arranging for the public conference, that I am neither a!member of his church or his congregation and there- fore cannot be accused of being swayed by partiality in the matter. Now what with regard to Mr. Dunnicocs attitude ? I think in arranging it, he did a courage- ous and noble act—courageous in the first instance, because he had to run counter against the ideas of many good people, and in the second instance—noble, because he invited those who it is well known believe that the Church of do-day, or rather its members, are failing in their duty to their fellow men. Now with regard to the meeting.lt was clear that most of those present considered and gave expression to their feeling that our present social system was radically wrong—in common language—that most people found the conditions of life hard, not because they would not work or that the beneficent Creator had not supplied the world with a bountiful and luscious supply of that which was necessary for life, but that owing to our social system only a few were able t 6 get hold and enjoy these fruits of the earth. It was also mentioned in detail that most of the intemperance and vicious living caused by poverty, and consequent overcrowding, arose out of our present Social System. Very naturally many remedies were suggested, and some of the speakers were bold enough to declare that no help or very little could arise from either the Conservative or Liberal parties. From the Conserva- tive party it was felt "there was absolutely no hope. From the Liberal party it was stated there might be a little but most of the speakers appeared to consider that most help would come through the Labour party. Of course the whole solution ot the Social Problem will have.to come from the people themselves. God helps those people and nations who use his gifts aright, and therefore there must be wise governnents. No one political organisation can do it. Political parties are only machinery and aids after all. The best thing is for the people to use the machinery of I these parties for the particular good of the community at large. Now what is going to be done in Warrington? It was clear last Sunday evening that the loaders of the working classes are in earnest ovEr their intentions to improve the conditions if they can, of those they represent, and that they will, if .possible, bring out a Labour candidate as a preliminary step. On the other hand the Liberal party's programme is one that will make for the advancement and betterment of the people. However, it would be a foolish thing for both the Labour and Liberal parties to bring out a candidate. What I would suggest is that a con- ference should be arranged between the two parties and an understanding arrived at, so that there should

be only one candidate from both parties. In fact they should agree to help each other. If not there will be a political tragedy in Warrington and once more the enemies of the labouring classes will obtain the Parliamentary seat. The meeting chose the following men as a committee to consider Mr. Dunnico's project :—Messrs. Morton, Osborne, England, Trow, Nightingale, Edwardson, Elwell, Lloyd Jones, Reeves,Councillor Stott and two others whose names I cannot for the moment remem- ber. All these men are well known either as Labour men, or as men who are students of Socialogy, and their joint deliberation should be of some value.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT SANKEY'S AFFAIRS. Meeting of the Parish Council,

A meeting of the Great Sankey Parish Council was held in the County Council schools on Monday evening. Mr. G. Thompson presided and there were also present: Messrs. !G. Higgs. William Furness, W. Taylor, H. Fairclough, with J. Smith (clerk).

===== 0002601_19040604_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
BROW FARM WATER LUPPLY.

The Clerk read a letter from Mr. Deas, the water engineer, stating that the Corporation would run a main to a point opposite Brow Farm, if the Parish Council would guarantee 8 per cent on the cost of such main for a term of ten years,at an estimated cost of £75. —The clerk said he wrote for a further explanation with regard to the guarantee, inquiring whether the 8 per cent. on the cost was to be in addition to the amount paid for water. Mr. Deas wrote in reply :—" With further reference to thesupply of water to Brow Farm and property adjoining, we will extend the main to opposite the above-mentioned property pro- vided your Council will guarantee the sum of 26 per annum for a term of ten years. The guarantee is only paid should the water rates received be below the guaranteed amount. If the water rates received amounted to £4 per annum then the Parish Council would be responsible to the Corporation for £2, making a total of £6 per annum. Mr. Furness: Have you had any other application in ieference to the supply of water? The Chairman: We expect that some others will take the water, and that ultimately the whole expense will be covered by the amount received from the water rates of consumers. The committee visited the farm along with Mr. Smethurst in order to assure themselves that there would be no difficulty in running water into the farm from the main road. Mr. Smethurst agreed to do his share of the work if the main were run to the gate. Mr. Taylor, the occupier of the farm, was very much in want of water. The committee tried the pump and found very little water there. It was a serious matter to Mr. Taylor to be without an adequate supply. Mr. Furness said it occurred to him that this was more a question to be settled between the landlord and the Water Committee. It would not be quite fair to the parishioners to establish the precedent of guarantee- ing such an expenditure in the interests of one individual. It was unfair to pledge the rates for an isolated case. If Mr. Taylor, the tenant, brought pressure to bear on the landlord, the landlord would himself take the responsibility. The landlord was responsible to see that the tenant had his requirements for water attended to. The Chairman: We are responsible. Mr. Furness said he did not question the statement but it seemed to him an absurd position for the Council to be called upon to pledge the rates in the interests of one individual. He understood that a member of the Parish Council objected to pledge the parochial rate for a small section of the community some years ago with the result that the Water Committee took Vas responsibility themselves. The Chairman: They had a guarantee from certain people. Mr. Furness: That should be done in this case. By bringing pressure upon the owners, Mr. Taylor could make them take the responsibility. , The Chairman: It would be impossible to make them take it.

Mr. Higgs said he presumed the responsibility of the Parish Council only attachel to the cost of laying the main. The landlord was responsible for any other cost The Chairman said the committee had gone fully into the matter, and in the interests of the public they were desirous of getting the entire cost covered, but up to the present they had not succeeded. Mr. Higgs: What will be the proportion of cost to us?

_ The Clerk said Mr. Taylor's requirements would work out at £4 155., • leaving £1 53. to be provided by the parish. Mr. Taylor said he thought Mr. Goodier would take the water when the mains were laid. He (Mr. Taylor). had endeavoured to get along with the water from the well on the farm but the supply was now very small, and Mr. Kerfoot, the inspector to the Rural Council, had threatened to report him if he did not take steps to improve the water supply. Mr. Furness: This is done quite as much in the interests of the landlord as in your own interests. If there is no water supply, the property depreciates in value.

The Chairman said there was no doubt that the Rural District Council would grant the request to provide the water supply because the Inspector had condemned the present supply. The township would have to meet the expense, whatever was said at that meeting. No time was to be lost as the District Council met on Wed- nesday and would take the necessary steps to carry out the scheme.

Mr. Furness moved that the matter be referred back to the District Council. There was no seconder.

The Clerk said that if the Rural Council sanctioned the scheme there was not the slightest doubt that the cost would be a charge on the rates of Great Sankey. Mr. Farness contended that owners of property were compelled to see that there was a supply of water. After further discussion, Mr. Furness moved that the following resolution be sent to the Rural District Coun- cil : "That the members of this Council consider that Mr. Taylor should have an adequate supply of water." Mr. Higgs seconded and the resolution was carried. The Chairman said the committee felt very strongly upon the same lines that Mr. Furness had been arguing upon. The committee had been very jealous for the Council's interests.

THE SANITARY COLLECTION. The Clerk farnishecfa reteern on the cost of sanitary collection. The Council decided to consider the matter in committee.

THE ILLNESS OF MR. HIGGS. The Chairman said he was sure they were all pleased to see Mr. Higgs amongstthem once more. They hoped his recovery was permanent, and that he would be able to devote his time and energy to the interests of the township. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Higgs acknowledged the good wishes of the mem- bers, and aid they might really rely upon him doing his very best.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DELIVERY OF LETTERS.

The Clerk stated that in accordance with the Instruc• tions of the Council, he wrote to the Warrington Post- master calling his attention to the inconvenience caused to residents by letters addressed to Great Sankey being sent on to Penketh in the first instance and then returned, causing much delay from time to time. In reply, Mr. Lister, the postmaster. said that the correct postal address was Sankey Bridges, not Great Sankey. He had, however, given instructions to the staff, so far as might be possible, to put all correspond- ence in the proper channel whether addressed correctly or to Great Sankey. He hoped there would be no further cause for complaint. The Chairman contended that the correct address was Great Sankey, although the postal authorities chose for their own convenience to call it Sankey Bridges. There was no doubt that the postal authorities were dealing with the complaint and endeavouring to remove it. He had had an instance of it during the past week. _

The clerk said that when the letters were forwarded to Penketh in mistake they were received at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, instead of at 7 o'clock in the morning.

THE LAMPLIGHTER'S WAGES.

Tim clerk stated that he wrote to the secretary of the Gas Committee, complaining of one of the lamps being broken, and suggesting that the wages of the lamplighter might be left at.the clerk's house so that he could call for them.

Mr. Taylor wrote in reply that the custom had been for the lamplighter to meet the foreman every Monday morning. In future the arrangement suggested by the Council would be carried out.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
REDUCTION IN THE PRICE OF GAS.

The Town Clerk wrote in reply to a communication from the clerk that the Gas Committee had decided to increase the disconnt to consumers of gas outside the Borough by threepence per thousand • cubic feet as and from the 31st March last.

The Clerk explained that the discount allowed on gas bills to consumers outside the Borough would in future be ninepence per thousand feet instead of sixpence. The Chairman said the lower the price the more would people be inclined to become consumers of gas. Mr. Higgs said most of the people in Hood-lane now used gas. The Chairman thought they miglit hope for a reduc- tion in the price of lamps for public lighting. The Clerk said the price now stood at 22135. 9d. per lamp.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
TEE REMOVAL OF DEAD BODIES.

The Chairman called attention to the fact that a dead body recovered from the Sankey Canal was allowed to remain at the Chapel House mortuary for four days. The body had bean in the water some eight or ten days, and the members would have some idea of the nuisance and inconvenience caused to Nit% Unsworth in having a body so long on his premises. He thought, perhaps, a recommandatton could be made to prevent anything of the kind occurrin., in future. Mr. Furness asked whether the fault lay with the Coroner.

The Clerk said the fault lay between the Coroner and the police. The Chairman said the authorities could not get the body identified. _ _ _ •

The Clerk thought the difficulty might be obviated if a burial certificate were given by the Coroner at the earliest possible moment. It was decided to leave the matter over for the present. 'This was all the business of public interest.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

Should the Boys Wear Corduroy?

The members of the Warrington Board of Guardians met on Wednesday morning. Mr. A. Brooks presided and there were also present: Mrs. Wilkinson, Rev. Father Mercer,Rev. T. R. Matthews, Dr. Patterson, Dr. Murray, Messrs. J. W. Knowles, S. Davies, A. J. Jolley, G. Thompson, T. H. Ashcroft, J. Clarke, J. Payton, G. Mather, T. Ritchie, R. Forshaw, W. Flannagan, J. Turton, E. L. Bent, and J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), and A. Wright (superintendent Padgate schools).

DAY AND NIGHT CHARGE NURSES.

Nurse Bray having resigned the position of night charge nurse at the Workhouse hospital, Nurse Simmonds was promoted to take her place. Nurse Caunt of Nottingham, was appointed day charge nurse. She was the only applicant for the position. Nurse Bray has gone to Aldershot.

CORDUROY V. TWEED. THE CLOTHING OF PADGATE SCHOOL BOYS.

The Padgate Schools Committee reported that the Superintendent submitted some information about the use of tweed instead of curduroy for the use of the boys. After considerable discussion, it was resolved that tweed be used instead of corduroy. It was also recom- mended that the tender of Messrs. E. Forshaw and Sons of Warrington, for a new boiler at the schools at a cost of £B5 be accepted. Mr. MATHER in moving the confirmation of the minutes, said the committee were forced by the inspector of boilers to purchase a new boiler, as the existing one was worn out. The resolution with regard to the clothing of the boys spoke for itself. He had gone into the question of the relative cost of tweed and corduroy. There was a general impression that the cost of tweed would be greater, but from statistics and other information he had obtained, he found that the expense would be little, if any, morel than the present cost for corduroy. The average cost per lad per annum for corduroy was is. The cost of tweed, sufficient for a suit, would be about 4s. 3d. per boy. The cost might be a little more for tweed .than was at present paid for corduroy, but be did not think the Guardians would object. As Guardians they were not elected solely to relieve destitution but to re- duce pauperism, if possible. (Hear,hear.) The schools at Padgate were built with the object of removing the children from the influence of the Workhouse and pauperism. The inmates of the Workhouse were dressed in corduroy and under the existing arrangement, the boys at the schools were dressed in exactly the same material, and were pointed out as being young paupers. He for one would like to see the corduroy changed for tweed. Another reason for the change was that the smell of corduroy was very disagreeable. When they got 100 boys together in one room and all wearing corduroy, the smell was unbearable. A good many of the Padgate School boys attended the same church as himself (Mr. Mather) and he could tell them that the smell of corduroy was very disagreeable. The clothing of the girls at Padgate had been changed for some time and he did not know why the boys had been left to wear corduroy unless it was that the members preferred that the boys should wear a uniform. At Bolton the boys wore corduroy whilst in the schools, but were allowed to wear a tweed suit when outside. The increased cost of the proposed change would be very slight for a num- rber of years, as the boys had corduroy suits already,and I would only wear tweed when going outside the institution. _ _ _

Mrs.WILEINEoN seconded the adoption of the minutes. Mr. E. L. BENT supported and thought the change would be a great blessing to the boys. It was rather objectionable to see the boys wearing suits of the same material as the adult paupers. Mr. DAVIES said he liked to be loyal to his com- mittee, but as the mover of the change he wished to say that he was somewhat misled as to the cost. He did not say he was deliberately misled, but he was led to believe that the cost would be about the same or less. Since then, he had ascertained that the change would be an extra charge of from £lOO to £1.50 per annum. If that was so he could not bind himself to support an expensive change of that kind. Mr. J. W. KNOWLES thought the Board ought to keep in view the advisability of not making the standard of the workhouse boy's condition better than that of the boy of a labouring man, who by thrifty means, did his best for his family. Could a labouring man with wages of 225. a week afford to buy tweed suits for his lads? As Guardians they representpd the ratepayers, and the cottager had to pay his share of the rates in his rent. Was it fair to the thrifty work- ingman that he should see these Workhouse boys better clothed than he could afford to clothe his own at home? One would soon expect to hear the remark that it was better to be a pauper than a workingman, and that was what would happeng some people could have their way. If the smell of corduroy was offensive, one had to put up with little matters of thift kind, even in church. The boys looked neat and clean in curduroy. Mr. MATHER : Question.

The CLERK said there was evidently a misapprehen- sion as to the difference in cost. The difference was practically very small. Mr. KNOWLES : You must also reckon the wearing quality of the two materials as well "as the cost. Mr. Knowles concluded by moving an amendment that the minute referring to the adoption of tweed be referred back.

Mr. THOMPSON seconded the amendment. It was rather a serious matter, he said, if the cost was to be much greater. He understood from Mr. Mather that it would make very little difference. The matter seemed to have been sprung upon the Board rather hurriedly. Mr. Bent : It has been well fought. out in com- mittee.

Rev. FA.TIIER MERCER said he had consulted a prac- tical man on the question of cost and he considered that the initial cost of the suits would be greater. When they took into consideration the question of wear and tear, the change from corduroy to tweed would cost half as much again. At the committee meeting, the question was considered of allowing the boys a tweed- suit each for Sunday wear and special occasions. He would suggest that the matter be considered from that point of view by the Board. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY supported the amendment, and ob- served that he did not always find himself in sympathy with Mr. Knowles. He would like to emphasise the principles Mr. Knowles laid down. They seemed to him to be unanswerable and they ought to prompt all their actions. Mr. Mather endeavoured to show that the Board was going to save money and then he after- wards argued strictly from the point of view of senti- ment. The argument of economy could be defeated in a very few moments as it was not sound. The posi- tion of Dr. Mercer on the point was clear and vary strong on the point.lt was not onlya question of initial cost but of wear and tear. The question was very carefully gone into some years ago and the experiment was tried, but the expense was found to be considerably greater than anticipated and accordingly it was decided to revert to the corduroy uniform. It was the duty of the guardians whilst adhering to the general principles governing in. relief and out-relief, not to make the lot of a Pauper, whether an adult or a child, one to be coveted or desired. But on the other hand they ought not to do anything which would tend to imbue the idea of pauperism into the minds of children. They ought to remove it as far as possible. If the proposed change would help forward that he should strongly support it, but he did not see that it was likely to achieve that end. Something had been said:about the stigma of pauperism and the smell of corduroy. He had heard of the odour of sanctity but he did not know whether that had anything to do with corduroy. (Laughter.) Corduroys were used amongst certain classee, and particularly in this part of the country. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Mather referred to Bolton, but there the children were clothed in corduroy, except on Sundays, and the children were housed in a work- house. Bolton was" miles behind "Warrington in re- gard to the treatment of pauper children and the Bolton authority endeavoured to slightly ameliorate the ccsndition of the children by providing them with plain clothes when they were outside the institution. The suggestion had been made that he (Mr. Jolley) had been an advocate of extravagance—a suggestion he strongly repudiated—as he had always endeavoured in the best sense of the word to stick up for ecoamny. It was on the ground of economy that he supported the amendment. Mr. AsHcaopr said he had been visiting Padgate for a number of years, but he had never heard a word of complaint as to the use of corduroy. From his own experience he knew that tweed would cost more. Rev. T. R. MA.Trincws did not think the subject would suffer by a little delay. Mr. FORSHAW said when a boy went out of the schools or proceeded home he was known as a Work- house boy by the corduroy he wore. He thought it would be better if snob a distinction were removed.

-.-...- Mr. BILLINGE pointed out that the cost of out-relief in Warrington had been increased by .£650 during the year, and the Newton district had also increased their grants by £5OO. .This was not a time to speud money on innovations. There were many working people who were honestly trying to bring up their families on less than 22.5. a week, and it would be a mistake to popular- ise their poor law schools by taking the step indicated. Mr. CLA.RKE supported the amendment. He was not entirely opposed to the change but the matter might wait a little. Mr. DANIES hoped Mr. Mather would not accuse him of disloyalty. Mr. MATHER : Tt was just the very thing I wasgoing to do.(Laughter). Mr. Davies was the person to propose the resolution in committee and now he came to the Board and spoke against it. He (Mr. Mather) thought the discussion bad been the best he had heard in the Board room, and had certainly brought out the oratorical powers of the members. He still contended that the cost of tweed in place of corduroy would be very little more. The present cost of corduroy was £37 7s. 6d. per annum. He did not know from where Mr. Davies had got his figures. The cost per boy was is. Tweed would cost about 4s. 3d. per suit, and as the suits were made oa the premises, the cost would not be very great. Economy with regard to poor-law administration was one of his (Mr. Mather's) strong points, but he believed it was false economy to con tinue with corduroy: He had made inquiries from cottage homes in different places, and the bulk of the answers were in favour of tweed. On a vote being taken the amendment was carried and the minute was referred back.

A WORN-OUT BOILER.

Mr. BILLINGE asked whether it was a fact that the inspector of boilers had condemn3cl the use of the boiler at the schools.

Mr. MATHER said the inspector not only condemned the boiler, but gave the committee three months in which to replace it. The CHAIRMAN said the letter accompanying the renort hardly bore out that statement. The lettersaid : "Our inspector has made a thorough examination of your boiler and encloses his report. You will see from it that a new furnace should be provided within the next three months."

Mr. THOMPSON said there was nothing in the report to warrant the Board in buying a new boiler. He moved that the matter be referred back. Mr. KNOWLES seconded.

Mr. A. J. JOLLEY' said The boiler had been in a dan- gerous condition for some time. As a matter of fact the boiler had only been allowed to work at 25 lbs pressure. The committee were not entirely destitute of business ability, and in this matter they had acted in the most straightforward and businesslike way. They got two first class firms to advise them in the matter. It was found that the wisest course to take was to ask for tenders for a now boiler and the committee now recommended the acceptance of a tender for £B5. They were not over burdened with officials at Pa,dEtate, and the firing up was sometimes done by boys. The boiler, which was bought second-hand, was worn out, and the gauge-glass was not trustworthy. If the Board got this new boiler they would have no fear of any risk to life and property. and it would be more '- economical because they could work at higher pressure. He hoped the amendment would not be carried.

Mr. NIITIIER said the inspector gave them three months as the working life of the boiler. When the bridge came to be removed out of the flue water oozed out. Inquiries were made as to putting in a new flue, and it was ascertained that a new flue would cost as much as a new boiler, and they would still have aa old boiler.

Mr. FORSHA.W real eKtra3ts from th 3 inspactor's report and said it was clear that the boiler was worn out.

_ Mr. TURTON said on one occasion, a new boiler was asked for, when all that w is wanted was a patch on the old boiler. He felt satisfied in this case tk at a new one was required. . .

The amendment was withdrawn and the minutes were passed.

CONGESTED STATE OF TH.E HOUSE

At a meeting of the House Committee, held on May 6th, the sub-committee appointed to dal. with the con- gested state of the house were unanimously authorised in conjunction with the Master, to visit the Bolton Union and to inspect the methods employed there in dealing with able-bodied poor; also to visit the Tarvin Union Chester, which was reported to be nearly empty. Both these visits will open up possibilities for dealing with the question of overcrowding and better enable the sub-committee to frame their report and make sug- gestions to the Board for meeting the difficulties.—At meeting held on May 13th, Mr. Fors'mv-directed atten- tion to the entrance of the Workhouse and the very objectionable features in connection with it. It was resolved to fully discuss at the next meeting the advisa- bility of providing a different entrance. At a subsequent meeting. Mr. Forshaw drew attention to the entrance to the Workhouse and proposed that the Guardians take steps to purchase the' two houses adjoining the lodge. This would open up space and also give an entrance from Wakefield-street, The matter, however, dropped. At a further meeting on May 27, it wai resolved that the Master obtain competitive tenders for the supply and fittinc, up of a beef tea extractor. It was resolved to place the Chaplain of the Workhouse, the Rev. W. Brace- eamp, upon the same terms as the Board's medical officers, namely. that the Guardians pay the telephone rate, as the chaplain's telephone is chiefly used for Workhouse purposes. . _

The Comniittee also recommended the acceptance of the,tender of Mr. Whittaker for good fresh fish at 3id.per lb., and continuance of appointment of Mrs. Carrington in the laundry as required at 3s. per day. Mr. 4. J. JOLLEY moved the confirmation of the minutes. Referring to the congested state of the House, he said the sub-Committee had prepared their report, and it would be considered at a special meeting of the committee to be held on Friday. The whole matter would thenmome before the Board. At the last meeting of the sub-committee a suggestion was thrown out that it would be desirable to have the advice and presence of Mr. Jenner Fast, the Local Government Biard Impector, whilst considering the matter. lie (Mr. Jolley) wrote to Mr. Jenner Fust,and had received a reply stating that he would be present. Mr. FORSHAW seconded the adoption of the minutes. _ . . .

Mr. THOMPSON called attention to the fish contract, and said the Board ought to issue this contract with the other half-yearly contracts, and give every fishmonger In the town a chance of tendering. Mr. MATHER said it was exactly what the committee intended to do. Hitherto there had been no contracts issued for fish, and this contract had been accepted until the half-year's end, when it would be advertised for in the usual way. Instead of paying Bd. a paund for fish. the Board was now getting it at 31d. Mr. BILLINGE thought the report of the sub- committee ought to be placed in the hands of the mem- bers before it was oonsidered in the presence of Mr. Jenner Fast. The Guardians did not intend to go in for a big expenditure of money, but he was afraid that wasta course Mr. Jenner Fust would advocate. It was decided that the retort of the sub-committee should be printed and circulated amongst the moralisers of the House Committee.

THE SMALLPDX EPIDEMIC. EXTRA. REMUNERATION ASKED FOR.

'Mr. GEORGE HoLFoRD, vaccination officer wrote applying for extra remuneration in consequence of additional work devolving upon him during the recent smallpox epidemic. The inspector of the Local Government Board who recently visited Warrington asked him if he was in re3eipt of extra remuneration, and he advised him to mikeapplication for such extra remuneration.

Mr. MATHER asked whether it was _within the pro- vince of the inspector to suggest that an ()leer of the Board should ask for extra remuneration. The CLERK said he semplsed the Inspector told Mr. Holford that if he wanted extra remuneration he must apply for it. lqr.lior,FoßD wascalled into the room and asked as to the extra work he performed. It wasdeoided that Mr. Holfori should nut it in writ- ing and that it should be placed on the agenda for the • next meeting. THE VALUATION BILL. It was decided that the Chairman and Mr. Jolley should form a deputation to a conference to be held in Exeter Hall, London, on Friday mornine, to oppose the Bill, and to seek an interview with the President of the Local Government Board. This was all the business of public interest.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUNCIL

Business of the Next Meeting

The monthly meeting of the Town Council will be held in the Councilrhamber on Tuesday evening for the con- sideration of the following among other business. PURCH ASE OF PROPERTY-MR. CARTER'S CL um. _

The Tows CLARK reported that he had received the awaril of Mr. Owen on the claims of Mr. T. B. Carter with respect to his premises in Bridge-street, and that he had awarded to Mr. Carter the sum of £4,675. The Street Improvement Committee has resolved that the sum of £l,OBO and £2O for costs be paid to the executors of the late John Hartley, for the purchase of propertyin Wilderspool Causeway and River-road. _

===== 0002601_19040604_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
SCARLET FEVER.

The Health Committee has received a letter from the Local Government Board alluding to the returns for the last quarter, which included 15 deaths from scarlet fever in Warrington, and asking for a report on the recent prevalence of the disease.—The Medical Officer has been instructed to prepare,and forward such a report.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
IVIARGARINE7MAK_ING AT _BANK QUAY.

Thia Health Committee has resolved,that the premises of Messrs. J. Crosfleld and Sons Ltd., Bank Quay be registered for the manufacture of margarine under the Margarine Act, 1887.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
TfIE BAND STAND.

The Town Hall and Parks Committee has, in response to a request from the Bands Association,decided to pro- vide a set of iron music stands. The stand is also to be thoroughly cleaned. The cost of wind-guards was found to be £l5, and the committee decided not to pro- ceed with this work.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCILLOR STOTT AND A WAGE QUESTION.

At a Water Committee meeting on May 9th a letter was read from Mr. Councillor Stott, stating that in his opinion the wages paid to the man recently appointed to assist the stoker at the Winwick Pumping Station are insufficient, and asking, the committee to consider the matter. Resolved, that the Town Clerk be instructed to inform Mr. Stott that, in the opinion of the com- mittee. the wages paid are ample for the services rendered. ELECTRICITY AT STOCKTON HEATH. "

A letter was read from the clerk to the Stockton Heath parish Council consenting to the Corporation supplying their parish with electricity on condition that the prices charged for electricity and gas be not in excess of the charges within the borough. ORFORD LANE TRAMWAY EXTENSION. The Tramways Manager reports as follows oh the above: The 'cost of a line from Town's End to the King and Queen.part of which would have to be double track owing to the narrowness of the road, would cost £7,400. Taking the number of people passing up and down this road at even figures, that is 60,000, to make it pay or just hold its own, 22 per cent, would have to be I passengers, or a riding population of 13,200 per week, which would give receipts at £55 at 9.4 d per car mile. Against this would come two cars running 1,400 miles a week at a total working cost of 9•ld. per car mile.which is £55 (9.4 d. was the total working expenses last year.) do not think we should get much traffic from this side of Sharp-street until such time as the cars are able to run into the centre of the town, as the distance is somewhat short; we should certainly not get 22 per cent. Taking the top end of the road, Marsh House-lane and around the King and Queen district, from what I have myself carefully noted, most of the

people at present use the Cemetery cars; this, of course, ! they would not do had they cars passing their houses. I think that if a limo was run up Otford-lane, and even if it pays its way, which I greatly doubt, it would tap the Cemetery section to such an extent that from being a paying route it would show a deficit. The number of 'bus passengers, 182 per day, does not speak very favour- ably for the success of the car system, as I am sure if there were a good riding population these people would be the first to take advantage of it. Taking everything into consideration, I do not think it would be advisable to construct a line along Orford-lane, as I feel sure it would be run at a loss and also cause a loss on the Cemetery Section.—J. TELFER, Tramways Manager.

SPECIAL MOTIONS. 1. By Mr. Councillor Stott.—That in the opinion of this Council the wages paid to the stoker appointed for the Winwick Pumping Station in March last are not sufficient for the number of hours he is employed per week, and that the Water Committee should immediately consider the question of an increase of wages being given._

-2. By Mr. Councillor Ellison.—That the Paving and Sewerage Committee be requested to carry out the resolution passed by this Council on July 7th, 1903, as follows :—Resolved, that the footpath on the north side of Knutsford-road from corner of Thelwal-llane to the railway bridge be formed and flagged. Also that the Paving and Sewerage Committee be requested to make adequate arrangements for the watering of the streets and roads in the upper portion of Latchford Ward :—Knntsford-road, from Black Bear Bridge to Railway Bridge, Wash-lane, Lower Wash, Grappenhall- road to Railway Bridge, Thelwall-lane to Ashfleld House.

3. By Councillor Maginn.—That it be an instruction to each committee of the Corporation when they have obtained tenders for goods or for labour required, or both, to accept subject to Standing Order 47 (2) the lowest tender, except only in cases where any person tendering carries on business within the Borough, and in which the committee for special reasons may con- sider it advisable not to accept the lowest tender, and that in accepting any tender each 'committee may require the persons tendering to give the names of two respon- sible sureties who shall guarantee, or may require a deposit to secure, the due execution of the contract. That a complete list of all tenders shall be entered in a book to be kept for that purpose, and to be open to inspection of members of the Council.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO FATHER RYAN. His Work at the Chveil of the Sacred Heart.

The respect and esteem in which the Rev. Father Ryan is held by the congregation at the Church of the Sacred Heart, Bank Quay, amongst whom he has laboured for the past twelve years, found cordial expression on Monday evening. To celebrate the silver jubilee of the rev, father's ordination to the priesthood, a happy gathering was held in the schoolroom, and Father Ryan was the recipient of a purse containing £33 in gold, and an illuminated address, subscribed to by the congrega- tion. There was a large attendance, Dr. Liston presid- ing. There were also present on the platform : Mr. David Houghton, Mr. P. J. George (secretary of the testimonial fund), Mr. J. Gibbins (treasurer), and Mr. G. Coggins. Among the audience were the Revs. Father S. Clarke (Widnes), O'Neill (Tyldesley), Rimmer (Leigh), Bernard and Joseph (Phantasaph), McGrath and D'Arcy (Latchford).

The CHAIRMAN made the presentation, and read the address as follows :—" To the Rev. Michael Ryan, P.P. Church of the Sacred Heart, Warrington, Dear Rev Father,—We, the members of your congregation respect- fully offer our hearty congratulations upon the silver jubilee of your ordination to the priesthood, and ask yout acceptance of a purse of gold as a token of our respect, esteem, and goodwill, with the very best wishes that you may have good health to continue in the ser- vice of the Church for many years to come. We are filled with admiration of, and gratitude for, your labours amongst us for the past 12 years. We recall the early days, when the mission was opened in a very humble way, and the small congregation which then gathered round you were glad to second your efforts for the complete establishment of the Sacred Heart Mission. In proportion to the increase of the congregation we saw our place of worship grow from a small room step by step until finally we had our admirable church erected, of which priest and parishioners can justly feel proud. We are aware of your desire to complete with fitting decoration the interior of the church, especially the sanctuary. We pray and hope that you may receive every support in the accomplishment of your noble purpose. In making you this offering, rev, father, we feel sure it will not be regarded-for its monetary value alone, but that it will be enhanced by the knowledge that it has emanated from your flock, who in a hearty and affec- tionate manner are desirous of co-operating and contri- buting something which they, the members of your flock, hope will be accepted as an expression of their love and goodwill towards you as their pastor.—Signed on behalf of the congregation, James Dore Liston (president), George Coggins (vice-president), John Gibbins (treasurer), P. J. George (secretary), Joseph Still* Charles Mounfield, John Marsh, David Houghton, Joseph Peers. May 30, 1901." In presenting the purse a id address, the Chairman asked Father Ryan to accept the gifts as a token of sincere esteem and goodwill. (Applause.) Mr. DAVID EIorIGHTON said that if there was one part of the address -nore than another to which he would call Father Ryan's attention, it was where the address spoke of a spontaneous desire on the part of the congrega- tion to contribute to the testimonial. He was pleased to see Father Joseph among the audience—(loud applause)—and he was sure the rev, father would admit that even during the grand mission he conducted he never brought them together in such grand numbers as were to be seen that evening. All had joined most heartily in th e testimonial, and no collector had met with a single r 9fusal. (Hear, hear, and applause.) 'Bea Rev. Father RYA,N who was very cordiall received, said he considered he had done nothiag but his ordinary duty. Most of those present knew what a small beginning they had, but the congrega- tion assisted him in every way they could. He came to Warrington about 12 years ago as anabso- lute stranger. He did not say this in a disparaging manner, but there were some who were not so free with him, ani they had to inquire whether they should assist him or not. After a short time, however, that state of things was completely changed,. and the mission pro- gressed most favourably. He did not think in such a comparatively short time there had been such a coni- pleteestablishment in the whole of the diocese, (Hear, hear.) Some 20 or 30 years were generally required to establish a mission, and sometimes more to establish a house, church and schools. When he came to Warring- ton they had none of these things, but after the short period of six years they became firmly established, land were comparatively little in debt. His jubilee as a priest passed some time ago—(laughter) —and he thought that was one reason for the presenta- tion, But he thought there was another reason, and that was that if he had not gone to the Holy Land recently, probably the presentation might not have been got up. (Renewed laughter.) His journey to the Holy Land was most interesting, his fellow traveller being Father O'Neill. The journeys they undertook were long, but when they as Catholics thought of what they had seen and the places they had visited, it gave them courage and strength to de far more for the glory of God than they had been able to do up to the present. (Applause.) The rev, gentleman, in conclusion, said he admired the presentation, not for its monetary value, but for the loving hearts which prompted it. (Applause.) Father O'NEILL thanked the audience for having per- mitted him to be present that night to testify his grati- tude to, and his appreciation of, his fellow pilgrim to the Holy Land, Father Ryan. During the evening an eajoyable musical programme was submitted. Songs were contributed in very credit- able style by Mrs. J. D. Liston, Miss E. Davies, Miss A. Fairclough,Messrs. G. Nel,vton,P.lJ.George,J. Gibbins, G. Kendrick, and G. Coggins. Mr. W. H. Kendrick discharged the duties of accompanist with ability. A uccessful eith elected )," wina the sin;iag of F aith of our Fathers."

FAILURES IN ENGLAND AND WALES.—According to "Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the total nuxiber of failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, May 27th, was 124,viz.: i :New Bank- ruptcy Proceedings published n: the London Gazette, 53; deeds of arrangement registered, 71. The res- pective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were Bankruptcies, 78 ; deed of arrangement, : so— total 158 ; being a net increase in bankruptcies of 121, and a net increase in deeds of arrangement in 1901, to date, of 255.

William Kirwan of Liverpool, and Pong ,Lun,a China- man, were hanged at Walton Goal on Tuesday fo murder ; a disgraceful scene took place outside th prison, people fighting to get first glimpse of the ()Mehl notices of death. The Mayor of Baltimore, Mr. M'Lane, was found on Monday afternoon in am uncor!scious condition with n bullet wound in the head, which subsequently proved fatal. It is stated that he shot himself in a fit. of men- tal aberration due to overwork in connection with the i restoration of the district burned n the great fire and to the criticism of his political opponents. Mr. M'Lane leaves a widow, who was only married to him a fort- night ago.

FHIBET MISSION* COSTS £50,000 A MONTH. Mr. Brodrick stated in the House of Commons ori Tuesday that the cost of the Thibet Mission up to March .31st, was £308,500, and the monthly cost was a little over £50,000.

THE DEBBY, 1904. SI. Araant, This great race resulted as follows : first; John 0' Gaunt, second; St. Denis, third. Time as taken by Benson's Chronograph, 2mia. 45 4-5 sec. Time last year, 2min. 42 4-5 secs.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL MMES.

Cairo-street Chapel. At this chapel on Sunday special services were held. in celebration of the Sunday shoo[ artnivers•Ary. There., were good congregations, the preacher, morning an,cl. evening, being the Pastor, the Rev. C. Harvey CooK Special hymns and anthems were rendered, Mr. Jame,9 Muir presiding at the organ. In the afternoon Booth cantata" The day of rest" was rendered by the schoo: choir, who had been most carefully trained by gi_, is„ Edith Birchall, and the performance was a hiP" creditable one. The first chorus was sung at the morn: lug service and the last one at the evening service. Fiz collection was made at each service, and a sum of about,' £4O was raised..

===== 0002601_19040604_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
Confirmation at the Emmanuel Church.

The Right Rev. Bishop Eldridge (London) conducted a conarmation service in the Emmanuel Church, Bold; street, on Tuesday evening and there was a fairly congregation. Twenty-nine candidates were presentee 14 males and 15 females. After the ceremony the, Bishop delivered a helpful address, taking as his tes' two verses from the 12th chapter of ths Epistle to the' .Hebrews. Special hymns and music were rendered, I%'fr'_ J. Lloyd presiding at the organ. The servioe was con- ducted by the curate-in-charge, the Rev. F. Vaughan.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
_ _ Moore Wesleyan Sunday School.

The anniversary was celebrated on Sunday, and the' services were largely attended. The Rev. T. BishoP, °f Llandudno, was the preacher, and delivered a sermon in the afternoon from IL Cor. on the devices of Sate?2l, especially in assailing the young. In the evening bl 5 discourse was a glorification of the drudgery of life, enlarging on the blessedness of those who by it serveci the Lord Jesus Christ. As usual the music, rendered by aect the children and choir, was an impressive feature' special hymns and anthems were well rendered. Mr; Birch acted as conductor, and Mr. John Banner presidev!- at the organ. Mr. Levi Richardson feelingly renderect a sacred solo. The collections for the day amounted ta the satisfactory sum of £l6 7s. 3d.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
Baptismal Service at Hill Cliffe.

Hill Cliffe Baptist Chapel was again crowded to over, flowing on Sunday evening last on the occasion gi another Blptismal service. The pastor, the Rev. J. Hughes preached a special sermon on the place to' importance of baptism in the economy of Christi-t Truth, dwelling on the importance of baptism, which seen in the place assigned to it in the Bible record Will,'" more frequently referred to and enjoined, than axle" other ordinance and most other doctrines in the Ner4 Testament. This is further seen in the place Jesus Chrn gave to it in his life and teaching, inaugurating " ministry by submitting to it and closing his earthLf mission by enjoining it. He also treated of the Pl.3,ce' given to it in the ministry of the Apostles and tuef individual life of believers, closing with the relation ° Baptism to the Church and showing how dvarture frog]. the original method of baptism h ,aed the door for differea errors, rites and ritaatiitic practices,, tho' ethical purpose of baptism being largely if not enttrell lost sight of. After the sermon, four parsons weg• immersed, and great and reverent interest was taken "' the large congregation both in the sermon and the baptism, and other baptisms are likely to follow.

Services for the People. On Sunday evening at the Parr Hall, the Rev. 5. Dunnico took as the subject of his discourse " Religi°3f in History," with special reference to the history °..5 Christianity in regard to the world, basing his romanl upon the text, " Wherefore by their fruits ye suld know them." Alan was by nature a religious being, 53,15 the preacher, and his conduct was influenced bY belief, which statement was fully proved by historl- ' Religion represented the spiritual, the ideal, anti that was noble and pure. If then man was to rise t° these heights, he should have the highest, noblest 01'1 best of all religions, viz., the religion of our LordJegil" Christ. The effect and influence which the Christialit religion had had upon the life of the people in aira°s all countries for the last 2000 years was briefly glt into, and it was seen that Christianity had broug about the abolition of slavery, had overthrown othe_t cruel practices, had made all men brothers and wonta: the equal of man. In closing, the preacher urged ll' hearers to accept Christ and the Christian faith becni of what Christianity had done and was still doing, 3,11,. because it would help theca to live better and no lives.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A.—Open Meeting.

oncillor Tinaia3 all Sibs3tl o.333rVanG3'

A large congregation assembled in Wycliffe Church °,ll Sunday afternoon on the occasion of the open ineetitt'r in oonnection with the P.S.A. Society. Mr. Councillo Tinnion presided, and in the course of a short address? he said his presence there was a proof of his full sYra,; pathy with the P.S.A. movement. and he would be ow.' too pleased to do anything he could for the further: :ince of the movement. He had felt recently that 'l' was the duty of everyone who believed in the sanctitr of the Sabbath to stand shoulder to shoulder with thoths: who were endeavouring to provide proper means for _ enjoyment of Sunday afternoon. It was undoubtedlY fact that many people who ought to great deal better—especially the middle Sabbath —did not consider the sanctity of the which as they used to do. Golf clubs and other clubs, iess, in themselves were quite legitimate and quite harm were now now open on Sundays, and members whose educht tion, associations, and bringing up ought to have tallgser •knows so them better, considered it no harm and no sin to 11,4 Sunday in that way. He was strongly opposed to he called the desecration of the Sabbath in that manila. It was because of his feelings on that point that a came to that meeting to emphasise what he considegf the healthy and proper way of spending an hour onSria afternoon.—Mr. Walley, of Manchester, delivered tare address. He referred to the many beauties of flatus, and pointed out how God spoke through nature to ail,to. Man's duty in return, Mr. Walley pointed out, was r'- give his heart to God. Miss Arline Harrison of sweetly sang two solos entitled "There is a ian,oo roses" and "Sunshine and Rain." Mr. W. H. P3Y" oris BAC pregidel at the organ. Acollection was IP- Alubehalf of the funds of the society.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
OF WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH - o

WARRINGTON.

ENDING MAY 28th, 104' During the weak, the following births and vo---• t were registered :—Warrington Registration Distrig births, 42 ; deaths, 30. The excess of births over de3t was 13. The birth-rate was equal to3r 9. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 22•"eics, 1,000, against 18.7 the average df the previous 4 and against 17.8 the corresponding 'period of last Y. 70 The death-rate from the seven chief zymotic disøte was equal to 3.8 per 1,009, against 6.4 the average of the previous 4 weeks and against 2.3 the corresPo- - period of 1903. The ages of mortality were :- 0-i 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-35 65—nP• 9 6 2 1 10 2 3° The deaths included! from measles, 1 from se 1 fever, 1 from whooping cough, 1 from diptherTer from diarrehoea, 4 from phthisis, 1 from other taco cutler diseases, 6 from. lung diseases, 2 from 11 diseases, 12 from all other causes. be° The following cases of infectious disease haVe „rjet reported during t 193 wee:: :—Small-iSox, 3 cases; fever 29 cases di'`; Total number of patients in hospital, week '3O May 28th, 110. METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature wag "• scee'' and therefore 8 deg. higher than the preceding v„ ttio The maximum temperature 72 F., was recorded °„-0 tige 26th just, and the minimum temperature 43 F., 22th inst. • The rainfall measured 1.16 inch. The general dire° tion was S.E. J. GUEST GORNALO Medical Officer of SPECIAL facilities for PRINTING all kilid EDUCATIONAL WORKS. BgWSEF STREF% . WARRING:I9 43, COAL M.ERCHANTS' TICK it's, 31111133' Memorandums, Itc. TRADE PRINTING of every description. May be Inspected and Estimates obtained at the alogga INVO ICE 9 for Grocers. Shoemakers, - Butchers, Bakers. Plumbers, Publicans. JOHN WALKER AND CO. "EXAMINER" OFFICEC.

- Warrington.—Printed and Published by Jor-t. & Co., at The Examiner General Printing 00- Bew-sy-street, and published by them at the ..„nfich, plsoe,and also at The Examiner .oflices,VlctorToi`iice,to WIDNES; 32, George-street, S. HELENS; 3,0; .10 street, EARLESTOWN; Church—street RUSC° 4HT 1904.

===== 0002601_19040604_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
.11P'

rri A i

(1-( iltßza

Lot tA

1, 1,. A

Ikt li Si 7, I

===== 0002601_19040604_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
B. lAT ADSWORTH, SOLE AGENT FOR THE WORLD-FAMED PIANOS or :JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDREss: 59, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON

toLD STREET WESLEYAN CHLRCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MAY 29th At 10.30 Rev. R. WILKINS RIMS. At 6.30 Rev. G. H. CA.RNSON. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

PARR HALL SNRVICES.- TO-MORflOw (SUNDAY). JUNE STH. NEON RRV. HBRBBRT DUNNICO. THLY SERMON TO YOUNG MBN AND WOMBN. 141313JRcT ..w HAT ALL THB WORLD'S A MMHG." _ CHOIR. BVERYBODY WELCOME tiEWSEY ROAD WESLICYAN CHURCH. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JUNE sth. At 10-30. Rev. JOHN GUNNELL. At 6-30. Mr. E. LIGHT. Al! welcome Hymn Books provided.

----- WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY.-THE 11, ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING WILL BE HELD IN CAIRO STREET SCHOOLROOM ow MONDAY, I3TE, for the Election of Officers and Committee and 7ruu_sual.business. 4.rc ia hair will be taken at 7.30 p.m., by the President, ?ARP, Esq.

ST. MARY'S, LATCHFORD.-THE ANNUAL SERMONS ON SUNDAY, JUNK sTic, BY VERy RSV. ANSELI POOCK, D.D. 711118 v„ WITH FULL ORCHESTRAL ACCOMPANIMENT. SUBJECTS Motufnrci. " The Life Beyond." SVENING, "Bread train Heaven.' TICKETS :—Nave, is. Aisle, 63. Double, Is. 63.

tOLD sTRE W ESL taA C RURCH, SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. FiRR six TO-MORROW JUNE STH, MONS will be preached by the REV. JOHN S. 140,213 (Governor of Didsbury College:. ANTHEMS "infi. 10-30. "Sweet is Thy mercy," Barnby. livening, " Abide with me." Barizby. SPECIAL SOLOISTS. the Scholars will sing "The Holy City" Stephen Mains. ORGANIST MR. FRANK HICKMAN. In the Afternoon, at 2-30, SPECIAL UNITED SERVICE be held. CHAIRMAN: J. B. ISAAC, ESQ. SPEAKER: R' V. J. F.MATTHEWS. Itils Alice Grlffiths will sing •I The Good Shepherd" SOLO VIOLIN: MASTER TOM BARTON. 11,"e Scholars and Choir will render Anniversary Music. 4STRR TOM BARTON'S JUVENILN ORCHESTRA WILL RENDER SELECTIONS. COLLECTION AT EACH SERVICE IN AID OF THE SUNDAY SCHOOL.

RATIONAL SERVICE LEAGUE-WARRING TON BRANCH. THE FIRST ANNUAL MEETING WILL BE HELD AT THE LION HOTEL AT 4 P.M. oN FRIDA.Y JUNE, 10TH. MR. SHER WILL ADDRE3S THE 312 ALL ARE CORDIALLY INVITED. WAFt RINGTONT WORKINGMEN'S PER- MANENT BENEFIT BUILDING SOCIETY. hen, -.PoRATED UNDER THE BUILDING SOCIETIES' ACT, 1874. °TICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the THIRTY- ,utiTH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of Members ro(t)be above Society will be held in Golhorne-street School, ef Warrington, on MONDAY EVENING, the 6th day 1904, at half-Dabt Eight o'clock, for the purpose B:.!leclarlng a dividend, electing Managers Auditors, and 117_Yevors. and conducting the ordinary business of the The 1„. interest will be paid on the' following Monday evening 4 the Schoolroom, from 7.30 to 8.30. By order, PETER DALTON, Secretary.

e°UNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. THE EMPLOYMENT OF CHILDREN ACT, 1903. !Inn STREET TRACING. by th. -zit IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Byelaws made lite 'own Council under the above Act with respect to gtra'et Trading have been confirmed by the Secretary of tie, and are now in force within the Boro beY under the age of 12 and no girl under the age of now engage in Street Trading. 4 very boy retween 12 and 16 and every girl between 14 t:d 16 who desires to engage in Street Trading must apply ttle Chief Constable for a Licence. Forms of application be obtained from the Chief Constable, at the Police Zmues (Police Court entrance, Arpley Street), between tle rs of 10 and 12 and 6 and 8 daily (iundays excepted), or reto the Town Clerk. 0313' child engaged in Street Trarling'who has not applied be. a Licence before the 20th of June will be summoned ii_Tre the Magistrates, and such child or its parents will be a Die to a penalty of 40s. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington, Ist June, 1904.

WHIT-WEEK HOLIDAYS. AMATEUR pIIOTOGRAPHERS RHOHLD PAY A VISIT TO THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. LARGEST STOCK OF se NEW AND SECOND-HAND CAMERAS AND lENTIFIC INsTRUMENT3 zTe , IN MANCHESTER. SECOND-HAND LIST NOW READY POST FREE. _ THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, _ll, OXFORD ROAD (NEAR ALL SAINTS) MANORES."SR.

_ - A WEEK'S HOLIDAY IN IRELAND FOR 395. 6D. INCLUDES SALOON ON STRAIIRR (TO AND FROM LIVRRPOOL), 3rd Class Rail, 14 miles drive along the County Down Coast, giving an elaborate View of the Famous Mourne Mountains. also Board and Lodgings in let Class Hotel. FREE PASS given to Forem In and others capable of organising parties of ten. Further particulars on anplication to HARPER, NEW PORT- STREW. LIVBRPOOL.

LIV ERPOOL AND NORTH WALE. Be REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS (Snniays included) splendid saloon steamer "St Tudno," or other steamer lô n leaving Prince's Landing Stage daily, •-5 a.m., for Llandudno, Beaurnarie, Bangor and Menai Bridge allowin., four hours ashore at Llandudno, and due back about 7 30 p.m. 2. BETRA SAILINcia, 15 P.M, Saturdays, 4th and 11th June, by " Snowdon," for Llandudno, Beaumaris, Bangor, and Menai Bridge. z Afternoon Excursions for 1 landudno and Menai Bridge. P„.ltt Sunday Afternoons by " Snowdon," for Llandudno. Passengers return by" St. Truino,". 'L.!' Marguerite "Daily at 10-45 a.m.. commencing July 2 t -.or Contract Rates and all further information, anply T 0 the Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Company, Ltd.. Brew, Fecretary, 40. Chapel at., Live/afro]. at,l !"11211 Booking or Cheshire Lines leaving Warrington ;•48 ain on week days and 9.45 a.m. on Sundays. Also 8, N.W. Railway at 8-25 a.m. on week days and 8-35 7_!_cti Sundays._ LANG LANDS' SAILINGS TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. " PRINCE 'S LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMER. gotta LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW Veence Dock Berths No. 22-28. North Side 14:(1. June Bth 6 p.m. Mon. June 6th 2 p.m. *6.46 p.m. pr,tl. June 13th 10 p.m. Fri. June 10th 2 n.rn. *6.45 p.m. June 17th I p.m. Wed. June 15th 2 p.m. *5.25 p.m. from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). wattecial reduced tbrough tickets from Warrington, -ni4,,nes etc. IleintmleY FA RFa FROM LIVERPOOL :—Cabin, Single, 11s. ; sZrn(valP for two mlnths),l6s. Sd. Steera.ie,Single, 5s 6d. 14TAL RETURN TlCKET!.—(valid for 10 days). Cabin -• ; nteerage Bs. 3d. M. \ GLANDS AND SONS, 14r,. CROSS STREET, MANCH 13STER. PLACE. LIVERPOOL.

ALLAN LTNE.-TO CANADA, UNITED STATES. RIVER PLATE, AND INDIA. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. t,3,711,3 only line under Government contract for the 41sA4evance of Cauadian Mails). STAN Tux3oS AYELBAN...St: Johns Halitax and Phil June n 81 "lAN Quebel and Montreal June 16 °lt y 1014/-417 Qt. Johns U.F. and Halifax June 18 OOR Quebec and Montreal June 23 towm AN RA,TBS—To Canada. Saloon from £l4. Secondly e 2. n• R 7 10s.; Third Class £5 10s. To India, £37 10s.and csr Lou., Lull particulars apply to ALLAN'S. 103,Lewlenha1t Street James-street. Liverpoo R ZORS tpilitrAGßEL„ ARE TEE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE Is., 4s. 1613., AND 55.; 6n. J. 0. DODD. 10. ST. JOHN'S LANE. LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly, adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. cl AU , SETS ZS. GOLD INLAY 40s. MACDON A.LDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, Al WANLASSES, DRAPER, wig olys, n to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO T 8 P.X MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.X. TO 8 P.M.

WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. GOLD AND bILVER WATCHES, DIAMOND AND OTHER RINGS, CHAINS, BROOCHES, PINS, STUDS. LINKS, and all other Articles of Jewellery practically GIVEN AWAY At the Prices Marked in the Window. Call and see for yourselves before going elsewhere. --- SPECIAL OFFER.-22ct. Gold Wedding Rings sold by 6/9 weight. All shapes and sizes at PER PRIVATE ;VITITCINti-ARYO4O" ? (3/9 A Large Stock of Clocks. Bronzes, Forks. and Spoons, Cutlery. Sze. by best makers, at giving-away prices. -- 11\ 1 • RUBENS, JEWELLER, Wi 4, MANCHESTER srREEr, LIVERFOOL. -- NOTE.-MONEY Advanced on all kinds of Valuables Lowest Rates of Interest. - T L. HAWTHORN. .1 OIN ER AND BUILDER, 0) • 1, LOVELY LANE, WARRINGTON. FUNERALS FURNISHED. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. -

T" CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months': notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the Flonotroa TREASURER, Municioa Offices, WarrinZton.

DRIVATF, DETECTIVE AGENCY, ALERSO B. HOPLEY, 37. Jubilee Drive. Liverpool, conducts ingnirlos of all kinds personally and confidentially. Agents in the U. S. A. and Canada. VlO LIN ,—NEW METHOD BY tiIiSCIK, tutor of Kubelik and Kocian. For terms apply Mr. T. BO OTHROYD'S VIOLIN. MANDOLINE, ZITHER, 8AN.70, AND GUITAR STUDIO, 9, SURZ-STREET, WARRING-TON.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. OOVERLETTE TAILS OF ) FRom HAIR FRAMES, PURR FROM 3/6 EAcs. HAIR. T 8 BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

(ZTOCK-TAKING SALE.—COSTIJME STANDS L) from ss. 6d. each. Tailors' CLOTH BLOCK from 10s. 10d. doz. STOCK :I3OXES from 10s. doz. BRASS SHOP WINDOW ?liTINGS at manufacturers prlces.—T. YATES. 20, BROWNLOW HILL, LIVERPOOL.

BOYS YOU WANT BOOTS I'm offering Sixty I WANT TRADE Styles in Box Calf and Glace KW at Bs. 65. a E RT'S GET TOGETHER time. 1...4 ARTHUR EVANS. PnSTAL f 55. ALDICRSGA.Tis Si..ONDON. DEPARTMENTS) 5. LONDON ROM LIVRRPOOL. _ _ .....—....:.r..-...-.-.--, ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. ACCIDENT & DISEASE. Small Pox, Scarlet Fever, Typhoid, Diphtheria, Appendicitis do. BURGLARY & FIDELITY INSURANCB RAILWAY PASSENGERS' 1 ASSURANCE CO, I Established D 1849. £4,600,000 CLAIMS PAID 64, CORNHILL,LONDO N. A. VIAL Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented Lciistrlcts. . AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr. IiV.H. RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Vlcstoria-rd..Latchford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street May dock Mr. J. BILLINGEThe Willows Sandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW Rookery Bridge Farnworth... Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON. Nr onrf i el Mouse

A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STRBBT, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of ever:, description. OLD GOLD AND SYLVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actor Parliamen Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes. China. Marble Clocks. Pictures, &c.. ac.. always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BAIVIAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLEKY. LADIEb' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, &a.. Ica We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES 13Y POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Low rices In Liverpool for Gold Chains. Caref oily Selectee Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS. AG. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. M'LAlgt'S RienmoND MEET. LIVERPOOL.

THE THE EMPIRE THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE FURNISHING CO., THE EMPIRE 300 AND 302, EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE STOCKPORT ROAD. Eli PI RE THE C -on - M THE . MANCHESTER, Business EMPIRE THE hours: a.m: to S p.m.; Saturday 10 EMPIRE EMPIRE p.m.; WednesdaY 1 P.m. THE THE Why envy your neighbour's home? EMPIRE EMPIRE We will make your home 0087 PnOUgh THE THE with WELL-MADE FURNITURE THE THE EMPIRE on our EMPIRE THE EASY PAYMENT SYSTEM THE EMPIRE at strictly CASH PRICES, which is the EMPIRE THE THE reason of our EMPIRE EMPIRE THE GREAT SUCCESS. THE EMPIRE THR Intending Purchasers would do well to EMPIRE EMPIRE INSPITCF OUR STOCK AND THE EMPIRE THE JUDUE FOB THEMSELVES. THE 1 EMPIRE General terms. which can be altered. EMPIRE THIs Terms: THE EMPIRE Worth: Monthl y EMPIRE THE £lO Ns. THE EMPIRE £l6 145. EMPIRE THE £2O EMPIRE £3O 24s, EMPIRE THE £5O .... -. EMPIRE Or weekly payments in EMPIRE THE proportion. THE EMPIRE No security and only mall deposit. EMPIRE THE Transactions private. Goods sent free. THE EMPIRE Catalogues sent post free. Cars pass EMPIRE THE the door, and the conductor will set you THE EMPIRE down " by request' at EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE, THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE Corner of Milton Street. THE EMPIRE We pay return railway fare to each BMPIRE , THE purchase:, from districts where this THE I EMPIRE (paper is circulated,) EMPIRE

HAVES TOBACCOS. uSTAI3. HARGRAVES' CIGARS 70 YEARS. HrRAVES' CIGARETTES.) MANUFACTORY: gwAN-Q.I'RERT. MANOHRSTRR.

DEPRESSION CURED. OW CAN YOU FEEL CHEERFUL while the system 11 is clogged with waste matter because your kidneys are not in good order? Send postcard for explanatory lea:let, or a Shilling for a box of KITTS' KIDNEY CURES (not Aperient). KITTS LTD.. 25 I.INTIOR Hu_ LoNDOta, R

• W. lIODGKINSON, LIMITED, BEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY HAVE SECURED THE SEB VICES OF MADA VI HARCOURT FROM THE CELEBRATED ROYAL WORCESTE R, CORSET CU, FROM TUESDAY NEXT, JUNE 7TH, To TUESDAY, JUNE 14TH, To ATTEND IN THEIR SHOWROOMS AND GIVE FITTINGS. W. HODGKINSON, LIMITED, Now HOLD A LARGE STOCK OF THESE FAMOUS CORSETS. AND SPECIALLY INVITE LADIES TO A VISIT OF INSPECTION DURING MADAM HARCOURT'S VISIT WHETHER PURCHASING OR NOT. 5 5 33 44 16 48 BRIDGE ST WARRINGTON. f

J. AND W. DUTION. ARE NOW SHOWING ALL THE L&TEST NOVELTIES IN MILLINERY, MANTLES, COST UnMES, DRESS MATERIALS, &c. 16, 18, St 20, SANKEY Sr., WARRINGTON.

MERSEY CYCLE COMPANY 79, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENTS FOR THE FAMOUS RUDGE- NV HIT WORTH CYCLES, ARIEL CYCLES, SUNBEAM CYCLES, RILEY CYCLES AND MOTORS. ALL BICYCLES SOLD BY US ARE INSURED AGAINST ACCIDENT AND THEFT FREE. CYCLES AND MOTORS SOLD ON EASY PAYMENTS. SECOND HAND BICYCLES IN GOOD ORDER FROM £2. J. BUXTON, MANAGER.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON'. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE Ils7 THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVESING SHOE—, IMMENSE dVABIET Y. UNDER THE CLOCK.

J. M. GREEN HALGII & CO., CABINET MAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS 8c DECORATORS, 138 & 140, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, 13EG TO INFORM THE PUBLIC THAT THEY WILL HAVE ON StIOW DURING NEXT WEEK A VERY FINE SELECTION OF DINING-ROOM, DRA WING-ROO %/1 AND BED-ROOM. FURNITURE, SUITES ' RANGING FROM £9 UPWARDS. INSPECTION CORDIALLI INVITED.

THIS IS AN AGE OF SMARTNESS. THE EFFORT OF THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT IS TO PRODUCE SOMETHING SMART IN CLOTHING FOR ALL CLASSES. THEY RESPECTFULLY SUBMIT IT TO YOUR JUDGMENT. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DE2OT, 8 & io, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERI•COL, FRAIdn fdAKBR AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. snitableffor Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, U. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF P1101:0GRAPIIS for Crystoleqm and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBILOKERS, J EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WA:ICH.ES. (BT ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY or R VARY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PBR MINT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old aold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Watches, Plate, &1.. to any amount at low rates Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. Money iandtevarenicte; stornictJpewrievlaicey tyg, guaranteed. , TELEPHONE. 2061.

QIIEFFIELD MADE RAZORS.—One in Lined L., case, 2s. 6d.; pair in Sat.n Lined Case. 66. 6d. HENRY LOWE. 109. QUEEN STREET, RETFOR D.

FOR MORI? THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADII3 HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BERN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are the beat known Remedyfor Mum's; Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria. Pdpitatiou of the Heart, Debility, Depression. Went as. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9d, is lid, 2s 94. 4s f3d, and Ils, May be bad from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Pror deter. Only Address 339. PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON W.

MOTOR CARS, MOTOR CYCLES AND CYCLES. LEADING LINE 3 : PREMIER'S EXCELSIOR'S .—...—.—.... .ElO 10s. Od. SPARKBROOK'S. SOLE AGENT FOR : EXCFLSIOR MOTOR CYCLES, M.M.C. CARS, ELSWICS CARS, &c, &C. QUOTATIONS FOR ANY MAKE. SEE THE 61 H.P. ELSWICK CAE, Price 135 GUINEAS, the Wonder of the Motor World. J. S. GARLAND, INVITES INarECTION AT THE SHOWROOMS, 51, 53, & 55„ BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

GEDDESS DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered te the Publb. Sold by all Grocers and Drugests,t ()mists, 5d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wqoiesa.* tsv J. GEDDES AND BON. LTD WaBRIBGTON ESTABLISHED 1833.

ROBERT LOWE. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Second-band Furniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture. &c.. warehoused.

VRONI £3 AND UPWARDS. DONT FAIL TO GIVE ITS A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEsT INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable is 6d weekly £2O repayable 7s 64 weekly. £5 „ 23 Od „ £5O „ 17s 6d £lO „ Is 64:1 „ £lOO , 39s 64 „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HOURS, 9 ain to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

UNION CREDIT BANS, LIMITED Established 1838. Registered Capital, £lOO,OOO. HEAD OFFICE: 38, RENSII&w-SCREET. LIVERPOOL. Advances made from £5 to £5,C00 upon personal security. Deeds, Shares. Policies, Reversions. Annuities. &e. £lO Repayable ss. weekly. Entire interest...) 14s. 9d. 2its. „ SI OS £3 8. 13d.d. £lOO 40s. „ II SS £6 15s. Od. Other sums proportionately. Bills discounted. Also ad- vances for fixed periods. SHARES bought and sold for customers—Further particulars on application, personally or by letter. Tel. 2438 Royal (Liverpool). RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HALEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET. CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to 21.000. ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. fl ARTIEs wishing for temporary CASH ADVANjES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYS flifd OF S MALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROW RR. THE ABSENCE OF ALL FEES. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED IN ANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS DECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative si ill call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own homes or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known, and my reputation stands unrivalled.

BO FEES NO FINES ! ! NO 'PUBLICITY ! ! EQ AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY in STRICTEST PRIVACY to all respectable House- holders, Tradespeople. Farmers, and all ersons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, "on simple promis- sory note only," at reasonable interest and easy repaymelits to suit all classes. Distance no obj Pet. Call or write in confidence to THE CHESHIRE ATWANCE CO., 25. Cairo-street, Sankey-street, Warrington ; also at 16. Greenwood-street, Altrinobam. Head Office: 59, Brunswick- street, Hightown, Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

MONEY! MONEY ! ! MONEY H! £s TO £lOOO, To each and everyone a hearty invitation is offerei before going elsewhere to call or write to me in con- fidence and convince yourself 'hat mine is the lowest interest and lowest rate of repayment In Hngtand. The entire charge £5 to repay £5 6s. Od. £lO to repay £l2 Os. t'd. £2O „ £24 Os. Od. £4O „ £4B Os. Od Larger sums proportionately. No bona-fide application refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once to J.JHNNINGS Manager(private bouse),9ol.oADE MY- ST.. WARRINGTON. No delay. Strictest privacy whether business done or not. Gash delivered on day of application. Distance no object.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD IND BITTER ALEti ALLSOPP'S /WILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In CASE or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM! WIEWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGB CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET.

I?ottis, jElporos, Zoarlititq• 05tabo

DUNOON (One hour from Glasgow).—Boarding on Esplanade ; centre for excursions; moderate.—Miss MARSTON, West Bay.

A BIGLESEY.—BRYNTIRION BOARDING HOUSE, Red 11 Wbarf Bay. Terms 30s per week. Quiet. bracing ex- cellent country.—A. W. BERMINGHAM, Proprietor.

IATHITSUNTIDE HOLIDAYS. Special Terms. Borrow- dale Hotel, Derwentwater, Keswick. Delightful situa- tion; good table; every home comfort.—Apply MANAGERFBB.

ADVANCES £3 TO £SOO.—DON'T PAY FEKS As those Offices who ask for fees,will only pooket your fee and refuse the advance. NO FRES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO SURNTIMi RB(rTIREO. NO RESPEC T- ABLE APPLICATION refusei. NO FINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFO rtW A• D dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to Suit applicants. Apply and be convin^ed to the—Manager, J. CALVERT, CLAUG'-ITONCfAMBSRS,I. °LAUGHTON (STREET opposite Dr. Knowles) ST. HELENS.

IMPORTANT ANN .UNCEMENT TO THE PUBLIC. WE ARE PRRPARED TO GRANT SPECIAL TERMS TO ALL PERSONS BORROWING WINRY FROM US. Do NOT HESITATE. BUT WRITE AT ONCE. WHEN OUR MANAGER WILL CALL UPON YOU AND GRANT You THE ASIoUNT You REQUIRE. NOTE THE ADDRESS: 1, EAST STREET (NEAR THE COUNTY COURT). ST. HELENS. Established the last Century.

BLACKPOOL.—CRE SCENT PRIVATE HOTEL, The Park, facing sea. Table d'Hote 6 p.m. (small tables). Excellent cuisine. Tel. 117. Telegrams—" Crescent, Black. pool."—Apply Miss Wu.soN. Manageress.

YYORK HOUSE, PRIVATE HOTEL, Llandrindod Wells, splendid position, facing golf links, pump rooms ; ex- cellent cuisine, table d'note ; private sittingrooms ; bicycle house ; terms 425. weekly; 15 ,miles good fishing. Proprietress, Miss JENKINS.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITSD. 34 TO 40 LUDGATS HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON f..:QUARH. HONE 00311,ORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET C ENTRIL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ABBRYSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most 30mf0rta51e Family Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 2f guineas per week, or 9s. per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.3) o'clock For TARIFFS &c„ apply to W. H. PALMER; PROPRIBTOR.

liftotor Cay 6, epeits, etc

To, OTHWHLL CYOLN.—Duolops, Free wheel, two brakes, Jai good condition £6. Approval if !desired.—Haßny, 64, Gainaborough St., Oldham.

GENCIRB MsNZ MOTOR CAR, 3+ horse, 3 speeds, solid tyres. Carry 3 people ; little used ; good order; £35 easb.—TAYLOR. High Road. Wealdstone.

A GOOD Semd-hand Ladies' and Gents' •cyole,pneumatic ty res,complete with bell,bag and spanner,must be sold at once,22 17s. 6d. each,--51ILLA.RD,Oriel Villaarowbridge. OYCLISTS.--DON'T BUY NliW TYRIIS. Try our re- rubbered ones, equal wear to new, from 6s. 64. each; fit all rims ; your own re-rubbered from 4s. 64. (24 hours), price list free; send inquiries however small.—HoßNsEY TYRE Co, 431 a, Hornsey road. London, N.

1(1 4 COVHNTRY MACH CYCLIM—Great targains, Lady's and uent'a machine fitted Clincher tyres, free wheel 2 rim brakes, or new departure. Guaranteed 2 years. Cash prices, £6 10s., IT £e.; genuine 8.5. A., 2810 s. Monthly payments taken.—THE CITY CYCLE CO , MA Ludgate Hill, Lonion.

IRELAND'S FAMOUS BICYCLES. THE ELEGANT MODEL 0 is a revelation in price and quality, only £lO., extra finished, including Hyde clutch free wheel, two rim brake,, tools, &c. Machines built to order with Eadie fittings, Eadie Coaster Hub, and Fagan two-speed gear fitted. Write for further particulars to W. H. IRELAND & CO., WALTON OMR WORKS, SANKEY. WARRINGTON.

glom) DROMPT ADVANCES DAILY, £3 to £5OO, note of hand 1 alone. No bondsmen. No bill of sale. No sureties. On the following terms . Loan £3 To repay £3 12s. 2 I ~ .• These are the best terms in the district. Call or write and be convince& Manager. 21, DIXON STHRET, WARRINGTON.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY Is LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (sot LESS THAN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the ilastli2o years the total amount lent by the undersigned EXCEEDED .C 1,250,000 1 He has received hundreds of unsolicited letters of thanks, and has annually, for the past ei.eht rars, issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,00 copies hive been printed. Prospectuses, terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied, free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MA.NCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

ADVANCES FROM £5 UPWARDS. PERSONS WANTING TEMPORARY CASH ADVANCES SHOULD NOTE THE ADVANTAGES OFFERED AT THIS OFFICE. (1) THE DESPATCH WITH WHICH ADVANCES ARE comr -AVM. (2) THE SIMPLICITY OF PRO lIISSORYIN'OTE. (3) THE REASONABLE RATE OF MEREST' CHARGED. (4) NO FINES FOR ARREARS. (5) REPAYMENTS ARRANGED TO SUIT CON- VENIENCE OF BM:MAY HRS. (6) NO BONDSMEN OR SURETIE REQUIEED. (7) ALL BUSINESS STRICTLY PRIVATE. (8) NO APPLICATION FEES. APPLY PERSONALLY OR BY LETTER. S. AUERBACH. 1123 lkiOUN,' PI,I7AsANT. LIVERPOOI,

LOANS GRANTRD DAILY. ANY DISTANCE. FROM ,e 5 r 0 Fe U ANY IMM.DI ATP: WANT, BURNAM OR PRIVATE, also for purchahing or star log new business, on simple promissory note. No tines. All applicatims immediately attended to. Apply in confid- ence, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN co., 4, PARKER STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. HEAD OFFICE: 9, CORPORATION RT., MAN CHESTER

£5, £7, £lO. .£2O. £3O. £5O, £lOO. 2iDVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay bank. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS, EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER : JOHN 11. GOOD WIN. .13.—Rat,thlish.i at till. Tweltv Years.

Delicious to Taste, Economical to Us v.ne. ' 3/4f 0101 te n S ipgdi „a, If you have not tried it, Buy a new 6d Tin, You will get 25 cups out of it and enjoy every cue. BEST & GOES FARTHEST.

Dili KING'S . 'DANDELION & QUININE LIVER7,-A2... PILLS FOR BILE, WIND, INDIGESTION, Headache, Furred Tongue, Sickness, Giddiness, loss of Appetite, Heartburn, Shoulder Pains, Constipa- tion, and all Liver and Stomach Complaints. DR. KING'S PILLS, GUARANTEED WITHOUT MERCURY, still keep ahead of all others as a Liver Remedy, and are unequalled as a Family Pill. Sold everywhere, is. lid., 2S. 9d. and 4s. 6d. per box. Solely manufactured by J. RORKE & Co., 132 York Rd., Lambeth, London.

TENNENTips T LAGER BEER. GUARANTEED BRIGHT & FREE FROM SEDINIENr• To be obtained from M. WALKER & SONS LTD., Warrington and of all Grocers and Wine Merchants. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottledi See that Every Bottle has the Red T Label. 59, Lancelots Hey, Liverpool. WELLPARK BREWERY, GLASGOW'

She rode an old-fashioned tricycle, And was cold as an Antarctic icicle ; But she thawed in a trice, And exclaimed "Oh! how nice!" When he gave her a PREMIER vri ir F OP diliP : W. BOoTH, ST. HELENS: W. OORRRTT, NORTH RD. WlnNls W. COOK, ALBERT RD. WARRTNGTC, J. q. (4ARLAND, TIRIDGIC STd

JEWSBURY BROWN'S Soda Water, Lemonade, Ginger Ale, Potash Water, Ginger Beer, Seltzer Water, By Appointment to the KING. MANCHESTER.

ONE MOMENT, PLEASE! Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbsizo. Ptins in the Back. Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints,Disease of KidneY. Sciatica, Rheumatism, and flout will find a Positive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box ; not satisfied, money returned. Is. 1.1 ti.. ail Chemists ; post free 12 sta•rips, from Holdroyil'i Uelleal Hal 1 Cleckheaton, Yorks.

WIEIDDING RINGS& eHARLES wouvs ITOTED GUINEA GOLD WEDDING RINGS A HANDSOME PRESENT, GIVEN to every PI chaser of a ring. Engagement Rings a Speciality. WALTHAM. ELGIN. & ENGLISH LEVER WATCHES. For Jewellery of every description the public ;benefit by visiting, CHARLES WOLI-1 Wholesale Jeweller, !J SHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL,

PELK, BEAN & CO.'S "PAT-A-CAKE (R„d, BISCUITS'

Wirban CURES when all other Remedies faii IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVIPC ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON cuRE9 The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Sof:ens and Removes all hard callosities on tb soles of the f.et. H you suffer try a box, you NO' never regret it. Boxes 1/1.?.. of all Chemists. EETNA4 & SON. 011 i nig% t:4ELTEII‘

e‘oNif .it,„A Used Successfully 34 Years. .%\iP • .:' - --.e,k For Eczema, Burns, Scalds, 1110' Worms, Wounds, Sores, and Si‘-"' V R ADE tit" ~„1-0k Eruptions of every kind._ IT WILL CURB OU. OINTMENT': _ Prices 7p I • ~ 1./li, and 2/9. _.... WHITEHMISE, sold by all Chemists, or post free fret. la EARW.OOI smETH,witicl4. E. B. WHITEHOUSE. „.,.• • 393 BEARWOOD ED., SMETHWtv'''

. . KEARSLEY'SIooYEARi RE PUTAT 1014 74 2 WIDOW WELCH'S 60 0 • FEMALE PILLS " Awarded Certificate:of Merit for the cure of all irregfliatfr ties, anEemia. and all female complaints. They have. tb_e approval of the Medical Profession. Beware of Imitation?: The only genuine and original are in White Paper WrapPV. Boxes is lid and 2s 9d of all chemists, or by post, le• and 2s. 10d. Makers. C and G KELESLEY, 17, North strep Westminster. [Note White Wrapper.] Bold in the Colosle:

. -''....:1114: . 1 1 7 . •••••••• • • • -mass 7 • • */- 6 w dirlit .. • 1---- ~.,:,, . \ A. i \ ~, if 111.1:1, ' ii• '.. ------1((......./11(/f . .1k . A iii .4, .. I .4:, . ki, -• ' r- 'I - • .11- . -17- 4 • v_.,„. Liyl ,i, I-7 46.... ~,_,,,1 (-N.__ ~.1 , • , ,_,... I :14-?!* 7t-- , 'RJR 6// 1, ..,..,..., 4 ..,', f /t: r3„' iii(4\l /- --/i - .1 k ri ' • 4 (4,, ~„ v, ~, ~,, _ , 4 AN',' •PN 1, • ; 7/ i4sr, ~ 701 1 )1 / / 's'l'. • _ 6-4Xri --) 1it'.:,,./. , ' ""q ,( 1 ,! ;I, cz \.,, ,q,, r) .1 17 ?/-7 /71 A l'_//' ; ‘.l-7" 1)2 , -_'-91// i (\- I'l I ~v- •-i. ":4 li; ' --ink ! ' .',---- • .E.- ' ' , 7 z• , . ; • 4 • ''''''''''''''' i i 'if/7 a •:..;:gta le/g i "4' A WIP 1 i / ~ i i . ' I: art,7 1 , . I) •{ 7 - f • 1 - il/4..' I? "iu• 7/,' / i'l.',l_ll` ..,..,a,7- (43 .4#‘''' '"/1-.-'-<2\ --z.,, ~ ii.i. ~,,,411/ i,;,',•.,, I / , , ..: fr• ~ , ,-,..- • ,_,, 11\,. / . d • , % il • 0 9-• phi ‘ ',/,./.• / l'011:----./ Nk • . /if p ~•-• 7r 0:: , t. .4-4 4 ...r..- ,

1--- _ • ---,l"' ----" s_ 1 --.•-• r 1 r• . ,\\,\‘ ( (((,e-_,__.,-----"-:::z\ , (‘ - "---' . -. 0,71,A . r-.....1* _ I .';.,t (QIN : 'tk c s ~,..._. . A.- \ e N,i f -_,- q, j •z.- ..,., „,......... ~;-;:. wi....-- 1 ~.....,..,.........,.....2........"1s , _ ...... ....„ . ~ , , v - ,--- •, , • ..„, 4., .M.,>;`,,, . ..,tif: -.',..0 ~ , i .1 '.--.- -Ifri'l' ,1. X \ J., > • .ri-.14. , 4 ;,i. - ,:,..',‘. -!:, y ti ~ , \ tit,\\ \ ~ii,l \ \ ' \ • 1 f„, . Iff loVtlill 1t,1171 j OHN ;-,,.....„,_y„.„,_ ........-- -1 - \\ ,'' , . ,-„,,-------;-7--,-7, .......:,•., . I' . / (e . ; ,li \ \ rt: ) ( s i.,„ , ,•,_-, 1) ~ , 'ti . Ji r, lik ?•.* :.. ~ 2N-!;41,v,‘-r.lig,s-,.\\kk ~ .) Obil f' ~ ' A • - - ,--- . - v-- • . \L‘ • ~---, .__ Lkc .p.., ~.. "---...!,,,f, -,:,........ D CJ Mb) F..?-,.‘'_-,", • - c.... :-WN) 1 i?t, —2' i:1- N`7oli k- "•\ - 44, , •,.1 , b ..) • , f ' ''' I V -1„,-f,.., .I', . _ . ' i . '74 /.- ithlV \Atk, 1 I 1 1 / , ;Vit. \ _.`...---.—...........://' n • \\l, k I,iii-A,,k \`' '',. ~'_N-,' , / • 440,..,-- - . -4,0 Ak .--i- .. _ ft\ \ ' 1 \ \\ ,\ , \ ,•\,,l' -') / „,,::, ~ ifL/ - ,--,-.7,,,.. 1, ~ V,t ;I: '.'"%•-\ , :' -. / i ' C. p 4 , . cie„s • -,/,)) ) c_.,--.4,g •vt L LI v--- .‘ ~_A,... ~.' 6-3RCE VNIII- / 1/4.......---..-

"uis not in mortals to command success" i without the use of the proper means. The rig/it starch "commands success') in ironing—makes success assured. And the right Istarch is COLMAN 'S STARCH is as good as ZO, IP COLMAN'S 1.. v.: . 0 MUSTARD, 4'l4'ir N eqt 5.1113. Rrc .ciLL.. 01:1:1

UOR SAL% 3 aame BA.NTAK PULLSTS, laying; to clear; a bargain.-11. LrroLFF, Northenden rd. Bale. Cneahire

INF" HITS LBGHOELN BGGS (pure), good laying strains ; 2s. 6d. 13; untertiles repIaned.—THRELFALL, Thorpe Green, Brindle near Chorley.

ti GGS from Pure Bred WHITE LICGHORNS (Readers strain), grand birds ; reduced Twice 3s. per sitting.— LAWRIE. Bavieaf Farm, Upholland. Wigan.

EGGS.—HOUDANS, White Leghorn°. Blue Andaluslans, pure breed., 2s. 6d. dozen; hatching well.— BIBCHESTER, Hoyle's Lane Brul, Lea, Preston.

UOWL CORN, 7s 6d. 108 64, 12 61. 2401 b ; Pig Food, 7s 6d _V and Poultry Meal. Els. and 10s., per 2001bs.—RoorrE AND Co., 15, Goree piazzas Liverpool. mention paper. UGGS from Winners at Sefton Park, Poulton-le-Fylde, &c. 111 —Buff Orpingtons, Black Orpingtons, White Wyan- dottes. Barred Rocks, White Legborns, Black Leghorns ; ss. sitting, unfertiles replaced. —H. ROSCOE, Kirby Mill Kirby, Liverpool.

AFORTUNE EN EGGS.—Buy Eggs when they are &nap, preserve them with Champion ' Preservative, which will keep them fresh as New Laid, an I sell when they are !came. making 100 pe,. cent. profit. Sample package is. 6d. A. BROOKE, Cutler Heights, Bradford. Yorks.

EGGS FOR SITTING.—Last season, though bai season, my eggs gave general satisfaction; inspection invited forithe following pure fed Fowls ; Langshans, Houdens. Black Orpington'. Buff Wyandotte', Black Leghorns, Buff Leghorn', %own Leghorn'. White Legloorns Blue Andel- usians, Buff Orpingtons, Indian Game. Lancashire Buffs, Golden Wyandotte., Silver Wyandottes, Black Minorca", Barred Plymouth Rocks Three pens first crosses to produce good layers and table fowls. viz : Houclen Cock. Buff Orpington Hens ; Indian Game Cock, Lancashire Buff Hens! Langshan Cook, Blank and Orpington Hen". Eggs all one price, 26 6d p.r sitting of 13 eggs it called for 3s it packed for rail. Duck eggs, 24 per dozen, if called for, 29 6d for rail. Fens open for inspection every nay (Sunday excepted). - HENRY' DRAPErs.2O6, Newton Rd. Lowton St. Mary's near Newton-le-Willows.

VOR SALE, Good FISH AN D CHIP SHOP Icc., main 1: road, busy neighbourhood, near shore, In same hands three years.—Particulars,—Apply YALE, Stringley rd., Bgremont, Cheshire. TRONMONGERY,GIass, China,Oil and Colour BUSINESS, 1. South Coast. Est iblished 10 years. Returns over £BOO cash. Splendid chance. At valuation about £5OO, Address TRADE, Newspaper Cornoration,47,Fleet st.,Loadon.

/110 BAKERS and CONFECTIONERS.—To be SOLD bY PUIVATE TREATY, an exceedingly old and Well- established BUSINESS in the Midlands, with valuable con- nection ; exeep lona! opportunity, -Apply, SADLER, Auctioneer, Tamwort h. TO PARTIES WANTING A SOUND BUSINESS IN LIVERPOOL. 13 R 0 W N AN D. C 0 . ACCOUNTANTS. TRANSFER BININBSS AGENTS AND VALUERS. ESTABLIBHED 1875. WILL BUY, SELL, OR VALUE ANY CLASS OF BUSINESS. STOCKS. OR MACHINERY, WILL FIND YOU A PARTNER WITH £5 TO £50009 NO SALE, NO ChARGE. SOUTH JOHN STREET. LIVERPOOL.

ON SALE VAN; W. OGDEN t Co.. King st., Leigh, Lancashire. ON SALE, Ice Creitm CART and Freezers.—App!y 20, Hopwo,-,d at., Newtown near Wigan.

HIGH-CLASS Cob-sized HALM CAR, rut,ber tyred ; very little used.—Apply 24. DERBY sr.. Ormskirk. CHOICH of Two One-horse WAGGONWUCHS on Sale. carry 12 each.-FinnEnT Jorticsorr, 10, SoWool et. Southport

-VD OUND BACK Whitechapel DRAG, for Sal", centre door, It good order, cheap, easy riding. 66, RICE LANE, Walton, Liverpool.

AvANTS!), Confectioners Secondhand HAND VAN, state full particulars and piice.—Address 94, WATERY LANE, Darwen. •

GRAND Sable-and-White Pedigree COI.LIB BITCH (winner) ; will be sold cheap. —Tom MILLLR, Bridge House Shrewsbury.

—-- - (AN SALB.—CAUT HORSH, Lorry, Harness; suit coal kl merchants. furniture removers, etc.-119, KEW RD. Birk dale. Southport.

HORS&S.—Heavy Town Light Larry COBS and PO t 71113 always for sale. Also Store pigs.—Apply Dicklnox, Merchant, Orrnekirk.

TWO-HO 114 WAGGONETTR. with Cover, FOR SA.LH ; I also one-horse WAGGONISTTH. Bargaln.—HlCHAßDSom Holland Moor. UphAand, Wigan.

WAGONETTES ON SALE.— One for 24, another for 16 equal to new and in gocd condition. Will sell cheap G TAYLon,Birch Farm, Long Lane.Hindley Green. Nr Wigan

CIARRIAGRB.-103 new and second-hand, of every dis- cription, at lowest prices —GRANT. carriage builder, 259. Oxford road, near Owens College. Manchester. Established 1870

ITESICO SUDORIFIC for lame or unsound Horses.— V Vesico Sudorific is the quickest. safest, and most famous remedy for Splint, Spavin, Ringbone, bidebone' Capped Hock and Elbow, Curb, Windgall, Tumours. Weak Legs, Price 2s. 6d. o- be., of Chemists, or post free —GREG ORY Co., Temple, Bristol.

UOR SALE FOX TERRIER PUPS. 2 Bitches 10.. 6,1. 1 each. Dog 308. 11 weeks, Sire Prince by Champion Delarey. Their Pedigree is exmllent. Pups should do well and make winners. Co'lle Dog 10 mont s Grandsire Ch Wishan Clinker what offers for any. Terrier dog seen at Carisbrook at., Harpurbev, after 4 p.m. BROWN, Briargro Mellor, Stockport. Nearest Station Birch Vale or New Mills'

IG HARNBSR. Full size £4 2s 61. Cob sizes £3 15s. k..T Pony size £3 6s. Cab or busine,s cart harness £4 10s. Strong van harness £4. Farmers' strong cart hsrness £3los. All the above are hand made in our own factories. Heavy cart saddles and breenhing. £l, CArt bellybands 3s 6d. Plough pads 25., 2 inches British Government Isackb.mis and tugs 108 6d. Cart collars 5s teel flames with hooks ls 6d per nair. Black waterproof cart cover 61t 6in. by 61t 61n. 4. 6d. lifen's brown leather British Government navy belts 6(1. All goods sent on approval. Illustrated catalogue post free on application to JARDINE, contractor to H. 11 . Government, Nottingham.

To LET. Good Dwelling-house. 48, Parker street.—Applv Woos & SON, Solicitors. Warrington,

_ iinatbinerp, etc. OSALE, One MORTAR PAN, with Rngine and Boiler attached; pan 5f1,. diameter ; new 12 months ago; cheap to clear.—Apply J. MOORE, contractor, Eintwisle rd., Rochdale.

GARDNNR GAS AND 311, BNGINNS show highest economy and give no trouble, From to 50 Horse Power; Lathes and Machine Tools of all kinds. Works fittei, complete.—GAßDNEß DEPOT. Cleveland Square, Liverpool.

u.LECTRIC MOTOIth. Cheapest and Best on the Market Li from 146 to 50 B.H.P ,; desk fans, and ventilators, Sewing Machine Motors. Gearing, Shafting, etc.. on stock. ready for delivery.—Pseey'e,Princess-street Works,Chester. pATENT oleF IC 14. BEANO 14ESTRIt ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES it SON have ha 4 more than £0 rears' personal experiencein. connection with this Establish- ment. and possess practical knowledge of the cotton.woolle: and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANOHESTRII.

QT. GEORGE'S IRON V7ORICS. LIMITKO (late Orntterod, (Irierson and Co.), Hu!me. Manchester, have the Largest Assortmeat of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Prl!ay and Tooth Block Patterns lc., telovging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London. road Iron Works, Mancbeiter, an' are in a position to Supply CASTINGS. Millwright,and all kinds of Engineering Work prornptly.—Cataloguee of Wheels and Pulley Patterns on s.pprication. NT., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: 1. Ormerod GriArson. Manchester."

SILK.—Full Drees Length, handsome Silk, pledged ; eaorl- flee voucher 58.—FRY, 66, Jeffreys rd., Clapham. (11111ANIUMS,etrong healthy plants for bedding out is.3ci per dozen free.—MoßGAff, Rose Villa, Wem, Salop.

IAST-OF le-CLOTHING. Beginners supplied. Splendid £3 bales,large profita.-BAINE's Wardrobe Stores,Scarborough. FOLDINCI MAILI3ART, reclining back, rubber tyres, 2s. 11d.—ATICINSON MANUFACTURING CO., 1 .Nlyddelton Square, London.

at.. P. O. PROPHETIC reading from photo. stamped envelope, PSYCHOMETRIST, 95, Westmorland road, Newcastle-on-Tyne.

ATHIMONIAL,POST." sealed 5d., with circular 9d. ; distance immaterial.—Bwron, 10, Trafalgar Build- ings, London, W.C.

BRAU S TIFUL PLOTUR POST CARDS, Yarmouth and Broads, 7d. packet, post free.—EMERY, 25 Beaconsfield rd, Great Yarmouth.

QUINB AND LETTRRS of every description made to order 0 by R. R. LATHAM, Globs Decorator and Signmaker, 89, Renshaw at , Liverpool.

CEIOICH CHINA THA.—Noted for great delicacy and flavour, 51b. box, 12s. 6d. each.—SALmos, Savoy House, Strand, London, W.C.

T AIMS SPECIAL BLACK STOCKING-3, post free, _LI 7d., 8d 9d. Thousands selling weekly. —THE MILL, 67, Mill dill road. Norwich.

DO EVOLVING RUBBER HRELS.—Ladies, 3d.; Gents,sd ..I,V, Postage, id. Cheapest heel in the worhil, —LAURIE & MCCONNAL, LTD. Cambridge UNDETECTABLIC on Baa•=kination. DIAMOND STUD, or PIN ; thousands selling; free, Is. 2d. —ELMORE 56 Chesterfiela rd., Bristol.

OLENIi Repairs Soles and Heels of Boots for Twopence, wrtbout leather, nails, or glue. Sample 3d., post free. —SOLENB. 3B Budge Row, B.C.

, HRUMATISM RINGS. Rei Crors Specific, 2s. 6d. el, each. Treble Gold plated, ss. —GRAINGER, 4 Duke at., Adelpbl, London. Agents wanted.

APIDAL ' PAINT, Sanitary, Artistic, VYasbable, for home use.—Send 2s. 6d. for 71b. tin, state tint, SCREETON. 1 Lombard Court, London.

'IOAT end BLOUSE HANGERS. Keep the shoulders in kj shape. Three for 5d., six for 94.. twelve for ls. 4d. Post free.—lttaies Fancy Stores. Truro.

SU IT LHNGTHS, marvellous value, Bs. 6d., lie., 12s. 6d., &c.; also Tr ouserings, patterns free.—J. HARPER, Woollen Merchant, Gledholt, Huddersfield.

MOKB GRADY'S DEFENDER TOBACCO" It does not burn the tongue." Sold everywbere in packets with coupon Wholesale.—GßADY, King et., Wigan. ()EVOLVING RUBBER HEELS —How to fix then your- self. fiend stamp for price list and full instructions.— Addrees HEEL Paps ComPaxx, Northampton.

()PBTHELLMOL.—Best remedy in inflammations and dis- eases of the eye ; makes painful operations unnecessary —Sole agent, P. Scuola, 81 Chincery lane, W C.

Qs. lid. LADIRS'DRRSS L 3NGTHS In Voiles Flakes,Serge, ei Cashmeres. Sze., from 3/11 per 6 yards. Carriage paid. Patterns H. MIDDLEToN & Co., Dept. N., Bradford. VIIP POTATO and Cook Shop FITTINGS, every variety ki Champion Ranges. Potat) Peelers, Shop on Wheels 116; page List free.— MABBoT s. Poland street, Manchester.

AGNIFICHNT HOLIDAY GUIDE TO TENBY,contain- V-11 ing fifty full paged photographic views,free threepence. BEcßETAßY,lmprovement Assolation,Tenby.Pembrokeshire. DUBBER EIRVOLVINa HlCHL3,Ladies' 30.. Gents' 50, AA; postage id.; Black and 13-own Velvet Polishing Pads 2d. each,postage 141.—L *AMIE & MCCONNAL LTD., Cambridge.

40,000 GERANIIIMS from single pots. Singles and douMes Is. 64. rlozen. From stores 1.3 d. dozen. Cash. List free —P.OrtitssEL, Florist,Dorking.

NIT ATICR GLASS! WATER GLASS! Preserve your cheap summer eggs in glass water, fresh for winter use. Tin of glass with directions Is. 3d. post free.—BETH?. 67, Brooke et., Colchester.

LA CH CURTAINS direct from the maker, 2s. 6d., 3s. 61, 4s. 6d., a pair, white or cTeara. Two pairs Handsome tledroom Curtains sent carriage paid for 3s. 'Ia.—THE WAREPOUSE, 9, Market Place, Mansfield.

NT,AIUHE'S GRIMM OINTYDINT. —lt heals bad legs, .111 diteased bones, abscesses. ulcers, and cancers.—Pre- pared and sold in boxes. Is. and 2s. each, by J. FEHNS, 33, Wellington St. Dukinfield, lvtanchAster.

D. SECURKS Complete PRINTING OUTFIT. or 2 letter e_l monogram (self-inking) boxed; 7d. secures 7 yea- date. Energetic agents wanted, commission good.—RICC&RD BROS. 195 Old Christchurch .oad. Bournemouth,

------- - MENNIS BOUNDARY NETTING, strong and durable, 1_ 1 inch mesh, 25 yards by 2 yards, 4s. ;25by 3 varcls,6s.; 25 by 4 cards, 8. Any size supplied. Price list on applies- tion.—HENßY ROBINSON, Net Works, Rye.

WATERPROOF COVERS. same material and pliable a railway sheets42ft. by 9ft. ns. ; 151 t. by 9ft , 15s, and any size at is., per sq, yard. with lashes ; Cash re- turned if not approved.—HENßY J. GABSON, Rye. /VETTING. NETTING. Rabbit Nets, FootbaillGoal Nets, 111 Ring Net., Purse Nets, Sparrow Bets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.Tßomes JOHNsON'S. Net Warehouse Corporetion-street. Manchester.

THE ARISTON CO. 15, Queen St., Cheapside, London, 1 require agents (either sex) sell their artistic colour miniatures. new permanent process. Brooches. Pen clante, Pins with Miniatures from 25., 3.31 per cent. Commission.

EVICRSIONS.—AII classes of Reversions bought; quick 11., completions ; loans arranged at low rates.—Mortgage seci4rities wanted at 3i to 4i per cent. Business Transfer Agency.—T. amnia WORSLEY, 26 Cooper street. Manchester.

CONiSßVAT(micS,greenhouses,frames, 21 oz greenhouse glass, studios, stieds,&c. Intending purchasers can ob- tain the best for quality, designs, and cheapness from B. HODSON, Mianufmturer, Tyldesley. List and estimates free. State wants. ICKLEENO " removes Dirt. Grease, Stains, &c.. from hands like magic; unlike Pumice Stone or Sand. it leaves the skin smooth, white, and delicately p -rfumed.— Write to-day and send three stamps for a 6d. boar from Savo Co . la, Green Lanes, Stoke Newington N., London. 4,IIAVE YOUR HAY AND ColiN,—Dixon's Steel and Iron 0 Barns are economical, durable, quickly erected, storm proof, give protection against fire, can be cheaply removed ; nave their cost in few years; thousands in use, prices reduced; 3 yearly payments if desired.—lssac Dlxorf, Windsor Iron- works, Edge Hill, Liverpool. OOK I You have all helped to pay for them before.— ife Guards' Military Knee Boots, smart appearance. 7s. 6d. per pair; Naval Knee Boots, very strong, 6s. 6d. per pair ; Bluchers, bs. Bd. per pair ; any Oz. ; carriage paid. Cash returned if not approved of.—HENRY J. Gapsox, Government Contractor, Rye. riIHE SURE SHOT CATAPULT, kills Birds, Rabbits, &c, Immense distance; powerful, accurate. entirely new design; with box of ammunition, is. 6d. each, Parr. paid. Our improved Air It'fi-s are unrivalled for cheapness and durability kills at long range, with box of shot, 5s each, carriage paid,—Wtcx Bno9 Moustdlold, Norwich.

A BOON TO DAILY RAIL WAY TRAVIILLIIRS. —Yearly II Season Tickets, with which the holier can travel by any. train. or any Railway—may be had for a Reduced Weekly Payment ; or for a lee. Monthly or Quarterly Pay• ment than those charged by the Railway Companies. —All information from the !donut Sr.ASIN TICKET AGENCY, ‘6, Lever street, Manchester.

FOR SALE, PORTA.BLE °MOE on Wheel! fitted desks, drawers, gas fittings complete. Stanhope gig rubber Tyres all latest improvements. Double, single and tandem Harness, saddle., bridles, night and show head halters, rugs and hoods, zinc mangers, all practically new, also quantity of Disinfectants and Veterinary Medicines.—Apply RYMER & CO.. 16 Brasenose rd., Bootle.

SBED POTATOBS.-1,000 loads of various kinds of selected seed viz., The British Queen, Scottish Triumph, Up-to-dates, Professor Maerker, Standard; alno new seed direct from Scotland. The attention of previous customers Is drawn to the fact that none of the seed is old and that it has not been grown more than one season either in Lancashire or Cheshire.—Applv 3 CLIFF 8G Co.. 1 Foundry st.,Warrington..

S. Carriage paid YOUR PHOTO ENLARGED, and t.) mounted on best plate-sunk mount measuring 201 n., by 16in , and/ finishea by the new and beautiful airbrush process (real gems of art) see testimonials. Original returned uninjured. Rend photo with postal-note for 55.. to the CRowN" PHOTO-ENLARGING Co., 59, and 61, KeivinsiAe Avenna. Glasgow

FOUND DEAD. ZANFORD'S POISON for Billing Rats answers Li well. " A,fter one dressing I found 133 dead next morn- ing."—J. BLISS, Helstborpe, Leighton. "I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."—C. Coolt, Farmer. 1511esmere. " I destroyed 145 rats with It."—O. WILSON. Offord.—Send Is Ed to SANFORD & SON. Sandy, WO.. Sold by Chemist.

rirWO GOMM, Warbrick Drive, Gynn Estate, all con- veniences.—Apply G. Ilionnisori, Squirt's Gate line. South Shore, Blackpool. -- MO BB SOLD Freehold, MODBL LODGING HOUR 1. with all effects,in good condition; accommodation for 38 men ; no reasonable offer refused ; owner retiring ; splendid opportunity for young couple.-31'SwERNEv, Congleton.

rpo BR SOlD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive _L Works. lately used by the Lancashire Afauure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards M Freehold Lan', with siding to the railway. Suicable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. 110i1CING, .16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

1' you invest £lOO in voinir concern, probable dividends enormous, and no personal liability.—Write W. A. R., Room 8, 86, Strand, London.

Q STARTS a very profitable BUSINRqS in every unrep- resented town, worth £lOO a month to the right man, rHat4No, South Farnborough, Hants.

P A R T N ER S H I P OFFERED capitalist of from £1.50 to £2OO. whereby a speedy fortune can be safely realised ; enclose stamp.—"BumnrmEDE," Balmoral rd.. Norbreck, Blackpool.

.._CARBOROUGH and WHITBY IlltitWitßY LT 0., 200 +I £lO fully paid 6 per cent. cumulative preference snares Will divide.—JamEs P. BATH sox, 29, Raneiagh-street, Liverpool. Bstabli.hed 1375.

SBAFIRLD SCHOOL, LYTHAM. Pacing the Bea. Re- cognised by the Board of Rducation as an efficient school. Principal, Dr. SIaTER, M.A., P.R.A.S.

tjNiVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHoOL FOR BOYS. W. HRNMIN.SON, M.A., Principal,

- OXFORD HOUSE SCHOOL, ST. ANNES-ON-THR-SEA. —BOYS Prepared for the Public Schools. Thorough grounding andincliyiJual teaching. New, specially designed buildings. Summer Term began May 7th. Principal, J. F. BRINDLE, B.A. (Oxon).

QT. ASAPH GRAMMAR SCHOOL, N. WALLS. PUBLIC BOARDING SCHOOL. Well equipped. Laboratory, Workshop. Healthy, phturesque situation. Near Cathe- dral. Bracing air. Individual attention. Preparation for university, professional. hnd commercial exarns.-11. MAINER, M.A., B.Sc., head master.

‘ZOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL, so kitISB RICK 4,1 NNW-ROAD. One of the LARGEST PRIV/LPN SCHOOLS in the North of England. CAPT. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P.. F.R.G.S., Head Master.

ivER. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of 11'1 Music,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certiticates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LoVELY-LANE Warrington.

LADIES' COLLEGE lIRMSTON. NEAR MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. PRINCIPALS : Mrs. H. }MADGE, Trained Certificated Teacher, Registered Column B Teachers' Register ; Miss M. HOLLAND, London Trained Kindge-garten Teacher. Full staff of Resident English and For,ign Mis- tresses, and Visiting Professors. Pu,ils prepared for Oxford and Cambridge Local and Music Examinations. FEE* MODERATE. PROSPECTUS and REIFEKIINCES ON APPLICATION.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER DR. SCOTT'S PILLS COMPLAINTS, HEADACHE, I)R. SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTION, 1)R. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFIC A.CIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices 15..10. aid 2s. 9d.

ASK YOUR BAKER FOR "V • EDA" BREAD, THE MOST DIGESTIBLE. DELICIOUS AND NUTRITIOUS. EVERY LOAF IN A SEALED WRAPPER. AGENTS J. 10F1 AND SON, 98, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

• MCDOWELLS, LIMITED, MASKERY'S COACH WORKS WARRINGTON AND NORTH W ICH. All kinds of CARRIIGES in Scock, or Built to Order. REPAIRS and RENOVATIONS carried Out, EXPEDITIOUSLY, ECONOMICALLY, SATISFACTORILY. PATENT NEW CONSTRUCTION BRouGl AM, VERY LIGHT AND STRONG. Every description of MOTOR OAR BODY to Order. ESTIMATES AND TESTIMONIALS APPLICATLON. Talephone 409 a, Warrington.

EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON. THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISERENTS APARTMENTS WANTED IioUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET MOUSES TO:BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 43 64

2/6 PEI(I3OATLEINKCIIITDAEDL) QUART SCOTCH. AND IRISR VV iiISREY ALSO AT 3/-,. 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1/8, 21-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON RO3 wINB MBRCHANTS. 20, RENSHAW STREET. LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

HIRDIE'S BICYCLE SilOP IS' AT 54, BERRY STREET, LIV6RPOOL. IELIIPHONR I9fl &ND 1969 ItOYIL. AG'6Nr FJR SINGERS CYCLES. R EPAIEL`d TO ALL MAKES.

LOCAL NEWS.

Carr. 11 6ed. x. .t I - X,R) - f '• W. 'IS te. A ,' , / 14: uK ST. MILLS, ,sIY '47;;;;;; ',i;;;;;//: • HESTER.

ONE £l2 12 NET GRADE ONLY- OR £1 1 0 THE BEST. p ENIIE MONTHLY - iLLUSTRATEDB I cycLEs PREMIER BOOKLET CYCLE CO. La: WITH HELICAL . USING. POST FREE. COVENTRY. ,

Agent :—J. S. GARLAND,BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. A RECORD CURE ! 32, Archer-street, Bayswater, London, W. Dear Sir,—Sunday night my big toe pained me, on Monday it was much worse, and in the evening I could scarcely walk. At 6 p.m. I sent for a bottle of your Gout Pills, and took two at once. At 9.30 1 was much relieved, and could eat my supper. I took another before going to bed, and although so hot I got a fair night's rest. I have taken two more pills to-day, and now, at 6.30, lam alright again. This is a record cure. Yours truly, PHILIP BRANS. BADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, ls. 14d. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT &

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE. OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. i 317 EADE'S PILLS. AN INFALLIBLE REMEDY ! ! Breakfast Creek, Brisbane Queensland Dear Sir,—Some 15 years ago I had the misfortune be attacked with Rheumatic Gout. I tried nearly all the doctors here, but they did not do me much good. I saw your advertisement and obtained some of your pills, and I can assure you quickly got relief. When I feel any of the pains coming on, two or three pills gen- erally take them away. Many of my friends have used them, and all say they are an infallible remedy. For myself, I say there are none to equal them. Yours truly S. L. 110WMAN. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all in- jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is 1d and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EUMA TI C PILLS.

.........,„,.. CROP'S PATENT PIPE. u......,„ _'--- • (PATENT No. 16333.) hi -....,-, ,-t,,,,..k.,4:-.:k1.-4.1.;..,,,...;',..'",^ ' orik., ~o', &.,.....,,,,,...i..,:.,,..,„;. ~. - Ts invention effectually preventsrany moisture or, - r.5tft,:.,‘,.,.'" ts,.. -...t1tt.t.t., • ','. ' ' nicotine either entering the mouth or corning in • contact with the tobacco. Any condensation which • . -.-,. v.: ... , •es,-. 4 ~.. b. - 4,-:- 't, 4' ,4, 0- ' ' '''' I. • : 4,- -'. ,C. ... might take place is immediately dried up by the OIL.- •,:5.,:.,.,,,.• ,-,:,:,:r :-1i,',.,::Z. ...,.. 0' •4/: -K. absorber (E) so that the ,moke is not only cool but entirely free from acridity caused by darhpness. ... ),,' •--;,'• '4 ~. i,;,',P-1:\*0. .- i'.. 1' • , „..,... Whole,ale of •.' 'i',*4, Yl,ll'4l"*z•t ,I, "" .. 7%,..., ,e ' ' 'A... ' 4.17.' CHARLES CROI? and SONS, Brook-b alk, Ilomerton, ';.,14......,....,,,,•!1'..fk.....- ,''..?? .; ." London, E. Retail of all Tobacconists Price from I S. V,,,,,,,.•: .3.14....5zedbc, ef,4,14-v,.., ""--4"0,7tv,-- ••:;.,-,...;::„....,4,- griapim-Tr,70:P.:,75.-•,,,... ,---..?-,,.....,..-.,, .........„., , 4,.... • . • h., &• k ~.ok ~,?..w.‘ 17F,. . i 1167% idife 4 40:7frikW4if-14,fr /- ' iiic---1.----?--!':;:W . • ,N%A.N% ‘A ‘,.kk‘ OW ' ' a 1.4 ~ ,•,. 11*/.,'/ .40,4"7,04..1.3 '1 0 414fet,4q..S\bklati4M-e•-lly •:s.'i. 3..‘,`;;, -•-• .'4V4ta.'4/ W` , . . -#._...,-----Y,,-t--,NrA 4,,,,'Nt., ~, :;:),. ~,,ti ,?, ..,. , . , %,-,*:- e'''6A--`•-'-.7-'o.' ... • i --• , ...-4 ~'": 104 , ,•• 'rl ~, .. . ...‘ s,`, _,. 4, '' , • Volt:: r, - , -4, • , . -s•-, • • .T'., ‘ ',..ia v • t; - Ag , -,' :'- -'-' • _-z,:. :, • •IsT -,... .t ----.!g , , -0, v„,....,--.1. •2; —.. v„. ‘ -1-4. ,of, !ft ; • .4. ~.,.'...ett . ,;, - fl. . if'.,-7. ,;?.., -1;..-31 , '`, ' . ~ , ~ , , 'Nf-,_-_-_,i 4. , 'vi t'..7-.1...., ~.' 4".. !i. ',.;31i-7-1-i-k-t-.sCik 4,5, :iiNg' -.• ~,t4 ' .. , •,. 'A ...,,,,,,K.,-,, , .7:.,, ' :,,,,t/“ el, 1, ~., ..,,.. et cli ~ ... . rl 'Pv'-',-"• ' ' . ki,"' , tl.: 1.n,,,,, •,•,„:4b4,,,e -.." , , :41,11. . ir. , -., \lO 4w lr• ... t,/ , - - kr:. di. T., 1 . .. •-I . yfr.... . ~:-.• -'. •,.,....5 "PI • - .:4,AS. .... ~ )Ik4t,,frr a 41flit'efit•-•r5,,,,-.f.5phan.24:4214-.941 Via.,.l•-'..,',..0.4 ...i,-kkir'L'.4.4.A.:4:.... ruAtL,..Nwk%-.,-..•-.11,1..„. n. .6*.

ne.1,113.i.1..:1ii D 1E45 - TELBP/lONE 1124. -4 -- 441.4 . &Mt BAIsKSILS LL9YD'S. - , §lWitill . • lit Illy.; I - I NSPHOTION •:1; ~--4 'i.",,,:, 'llill INVITED. j -4 it* .4 s.g 6 CORRESPONDENOB ~ t,.. .. .c_4-.4,.);,,A; , ;'.-' . SOLICITED. 7'..-,0 477-"'-.4 - - lki • '•7..Y:On...Mha .datkliblAkke JAI ' .22-Jref-7'-..A- ';'W ____ PITTS'S RENOWNED II( )US ES OF FLi RNIT Uii , At 14, 22i, 24, 3,9 i, 50, 75. 100, 2C03 up to 3,00 Guineas are the embodiment of everything that is I.XCEILLENT an NIICH6BI.+NY to the embellishment of the home. They are incomparably SUPHRIUIit IN VALUI3I & AP2hARA.NI3I, to other.. Particulars aLd PHU'S ILLITSIReiTED FORMS:USG GU LDS containing 800 artistic deigns priced at ab ,ut HALF usual Egi.tes GIiATI3 AND YOST Flitsl6. PrlTh'S MOuEL FURNISHED HOUSE is always on vl,-w. It comprlsPe Dininv. Drawing, Three Bedrooms. Kitchen and Scullery furn'shecl ti rougho l', ever-. thing QUITS Net « fur 20 toine4s. ..I.IJO Tritu,THSN SPSCISIEN eV ANItH ..10 h 0 ).1S at from 7 to 125 guinee. each, are marvels at the pi ice. PHOTOS AND Pate 4I) DETAILS POST lettHß.

(111) U petwrmit Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custard is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO EGOS! NO RISK I NO TROUBLE!

FOR THE BLOOD r.S THE LIFt CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD iJXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. -- "We have seen hosts of letters front people who hay received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and °twirl the klood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Paraily Doctor, which goes 3n further to sap: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought tc tight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever rause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blom Diseases' Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marv3llous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheuma.lo Pains. for It removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. ano lls. each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- nrietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY si7OOLN. Beware of worth!tas imitiations.

-...:•:;".',„...., .., - -,soff44:::-.:., . , i:: . , -,. ,:.-...., •,41:., - .i.i1.4:. j.':-.: ~,...,. '''..':•.y;::-..1,7`.. -r 4.';'-, 3) 411 4'. ,4..,-. '''O't .• . 'rO6 - in- -,: ~ , _ , t......".- . ..44.4.:*14 1.. , k c_ ..„._ -A, . - .. ,R . ..- ~./N,,,...„,„:,.:„.„-f.A.,....\.....„.„ s., ,-._...=_ ......... ,_ - fr.' .:. . ..1. • ' 'ir ,_: _,:t; • , :-•., ••• .- • •., ,44 Ai J.-..* , .. 4., ".., ~ • .;4 ; i , - ..* --. . 2 : '.....,, . ,t, ...;.:4,;*.Aft. .1'... . .... :-., ~ ~ - ..44,..„....!., . .t .. -t--:, -.•,,.1t • ..;44;•i7..' • A .. , -,1, , t.:.:44, • w ,4 Beautiful 2 .1f Figure and ~ ._ .. Improved Health : ~. is ensure A.— ............ ...4. thi. ~,,,r.,. ,r,_ . late rr

The BEST WATCHES are "LONDON ._"i;: ••:.:...- ci N . •-•,..'. . . -., ,-4 --,,,z,, MAKE." , -.. N ..,..,,, ~.,... Unequalled for Accuracy, Durability, and Strength. Buy of the Actual Makers and Save ON - THIRD. In Silver Gases. In 18-et. Gold Cases. BENSON'S ' N\AC;:- LUDGATE' (4/c TA ''l--:*: -10o_k EST. and STRONGEST, London Made • LP THREE - QUARTER PLATE English I ' "I''''''' /- Lever Watch. ' • 771- 'I Chronometer Balance, all Latest Improvements, 14 L. 1 Silver Cases with Crystal Glass. --G---fie r-,4“.1 '--:• 4 Made in Three Sizes, at one Price, £5 se. . - - Pi' !I $ in Massive 18 et. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, , # _ ' ''‘. ki :ti Gentlemen's, £l3 123. Ladies', £lO 10s. . • d , 7,-'llrt I t SYSTEM .. \ ik% • Afrl: on oN 44 zbe ectuttz OP THIS PAYMENTS I • c, At same Prices as for CASH. 'l4le-t:•-,1------„ ii,a,l, ; 01 ,ot,. , . • . , -....,. .. r, pi ~,.,,,.. ,-, - - 417 lifi- 1' ' t''- "' ' " .',• ) if - - G •,•• - `,' .„ -• 0.„,,, ‘'. -,:,' 4.•ei '...,..- *- `r: %.,!: ,:., I, •-.- - • Pearls, £l. ss. ;•-;.' ERIIt I r',..' Gs. is3o.ripllpitmsß,zel.s...r ,'- - io 000 ALWAYS IN STOCK 7 ' AT MAKERS' CASH PRICES. ILLUSTRATED BOOK of Watches, Clocks, • Brilliantq and Chains, Rings, Brooches, " Imperial " Plate, -.7-- Sapphires, £2 Jos. Cutlery and Bags. POST FREE. Brilliants, £4 . 4s. , J 3 W. BENSON, Ltd., The Premier Watchmakers of the World. FE-Ml,, 62 & 64; I LUDGATE HILL LONDON, E.C.

TZLL COOK , • I:Aser. 11)h) OWD[it A 7 L. S ILICKBEETLES

sMEARYWEATHERS . . kit • . . -GARDEN...-. HOSE • 6.3 .LCING '?ko.I:IE;LiONDON::' LARGEST MAKERS' OF\HIGH CLASS -I-10SE IN THE WORLD.

TIRED MEN.! When you arr tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing Electric Belts, write to me, and I will send you a Book, which !bows how every man, young and old, may he quirkly and thoroughly cured of NEHVOUSNB S i.XHAUSTION, VARICOCRLE, and DEBILITY, from any cause whatever, WITHOUf STOMACH MEDIC:NV, or ELECTRICITY. Hun.h•eds of cur's. Book sent sealed,,pcst tree, for two stamos.—A. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93,Great Russell Ft.. London. W.C. Over seventeen years' successful results.

110-Pallll ILLUSTIATZD CATALOC4I7IL Whme pit p.c.. Cycles,ab seo Motors,second-band A n niaccceg lino: Letc t 4 low ulainy• in Xvery tt stock. Cycles from 30/, B.S.A. A ladle's Is' Accessory, tO such bargains offercd Yratnes, Tyrol, machines. everC r Send for List. - . Wheels, CLis Agents wanted -,.....--, e c., Half' /ll &c, price ;ao per rent. re „...... less than other Makers , —WarrHow & Co.. 4. '...._- " Weaton-su_p_er- Mare. , -

PEEK, FREAN & CO.'S "VANESSA " (Regd.) B:SCUITS.

Deaths. : too', Nvarrol HARRISON—May 27th, at Beaumont-street John Harrison, aged 68 years. LIVINGSTONE—May 29th, at Ellesmere-street, ton, Mary Ellen Livingstone, aged 38 years. rri . H AO' EssHALL—May 30th, fa Longford-street, \Ca 110 Amos Henshall, aged 67 years. Alice BATE—May 30th, at Marbury-street, Warringtooy Bate, ag t'ed 48 years. ; ;too, ENGELBERT—May 31st, at• Beatrice-street, On'n a Laura Engelbert, aged 73 years. Willit''- A4SIITON—June Ist, at Willis-street, Warrington, Ashton, aged 85 years.
