===== 0002601_19040903_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
rict met fore 3clc.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ling , for rne 3ext

and wilt july- can

nceo gtb• it led' too'

PRINTERS,

bOOKBINDERS,

FOR

ALLAN LINg.-TO CANADA, UNITED STATES RIVER PLATE, AND INDIA. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. , (The only line under Government contract for the ejLvavance of Caßadian Mails). -LIC OF SPARTA ...Calcutta Sep. 7 bu,ICISIAN Quebec and Montreal pp.''',, NARA St. John's N.P., and Halifax—Sep. 10 i',STOW HALL M Video B. Ayres and Rosario Sep. 10 ‘uNIAN Quebec and Montreal Sep. 15 ',OCEAN RATES—To Canada, Saloon from £l4. Secondly ▪ In.£7 105.; Third Class £3 Quebec, £4 Halifax. To India, 37 105. and £27 10s. ..., t x' _For full rarticnlqrs apply to ALLls.lo3,Leadenhall treet s'o_ Mon, 8.C.. and 19. James-street. Liverpool.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- TO PAINTERS, &C. ne HEALTH CoMMITTBB of the Council of the County Qtoligh of Warrington is PREPARBD to JIMMY :gbiDl3llH for the INSIDIi PAINTING required in con- L'ectlon with Infectious Diseases Hospital, Aiken street. s.SPecitications,and all further information may be obtain,ql the office of the Borough Surveyor. Town Hall, on and ,ttar Wednesday next,the 7th instant,at which place tenders be delivered before 12 o'clock on Wednesday the 14th s4tv of September 1504. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. Borough Surveyor's Office. THOS. LONGDIN, September 2nd, 1904. Borough Surveyor.

bELIVERY and ORDER BOOKS, Printed No Bound, Numbered, and Perforated to Order. 1,4 GRAMMES FOR FETES, 1,, °URAMMES FOR DANCES. '°GRAMMES FOR BAZAARS.

LITHOGRAPHERS,

PAPER RULERS, &c.,

littimates given for all kinds of work. EXAMINER OFFICE,

AWONDERFUL DISCOVERY.—This Fi the age of research and experiment, when all nature, so to speak, is ransacked by the scientific for the oomfoit and happiness of man. Science has indeed made giant strides during the past century, and among the—by no means least important—discoveries in medicine comes that of

- THRRAPION. This preparation it unquestionably one of the most Rennin:, and reliable Patent Medicines ever introduced, and has, we understand, been used in the Continental Hospital, by Ricord, Rostan. Jobert, Velpeau, Maisonneuve, the well- known Chassaignac, and indeed by all who are regarded as authorities in such matters, including the celebrated Laßemand, and Roux, by whom it was seine time since uniformly adopted, and that it is worthy the attention of those who require such a remedy we think there is no doubt. From the time of Aristotle downwards. a potent agent in the removal of these diseases has (like the famed philosopher's stone) been the object of search of some hopeful generous minds ; and far beyond the mere power—if such could ever have been discovered—of transmuting the baser metals into gold is Bluely the discovery of a remedy so potent as to replenish the failing energies in the one case, and in the other so effectually, speedily and safely to expel from the system the poisons of acquired or inherited disease in all their protean forms as to leave no taint or trace behind. Such is the new French Remedy THRRAPION, which may certainly rank with, if not take precedence of, many of the discoveries of our day, about which no little ostentation and noise have been made, and the extensive and ever-increasing demand that has been created for this medicine wherever Introduced appears to prove that it is destined to cast into oblivion all those questionable remedies that were formerly the sole reliance of medical Men. Therapion may be obtained of the principal chemists and merchants throughout the w orld .—" ab? ond I lelds A dverti,er," Kimbe rle y. For particulars of Tberapion.send stamped. addressed envelope to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD Sq., LONDON. W.O

LTANDBILLS, in large or small quantities cheap and effective. :•UL

Estimates given for all kinds of work. DDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate oc type. 1 EXAMINER OFFICE,

1-IHOIOE of Five Good Work HORSES ; overetocked.-73, BouNDARY STRXET, Southport.

jilarbinerp, etc.

STEAM ENGINES about siin. 611 n, and fOin:Cylinders 2. tin. injectors. 2in. Brace Pump, pulley sft. dia. 53,1 n. turned face for 4in. Shaft.--S. SMITH &2oms, Stool Makers Turf it., Bury.

(113BAP , to save removal to stores. Two Egg-end BOILER- '.J TANKS, 311 t. by sft, 6in. and 30ft. by 6ft, ; clean and In good condition --Apply HOWARD RATCLIFFE, machinery merchant, Hawarden.

.13ATENT OFFICE. MANCHESTER H3TABLISIIED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha more than 40 years' personal exprriencein connection with this Establish- ment, andpossess practical &no wiedge of the cotton,wnolier and iron manufactures. "Sell-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d, " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. 9E013411 DAVIES. C.E., & SON, M.S.A 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTBR.

T. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod, ks) Grierson and Co.), Hu!me. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Peliey and Tooth Block Patterns itc., belonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London. road Iron Works, MancheAter, anc are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,ana a kirds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues Wheels and eulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: Ormerod Grlerson,fManchester."

t

===== 0002601_19040903_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
o'er. Ikerl t of daY' ally Ars-

iSer is i 5 rest lere

===== 0002601_19040903_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19040903_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
____ _ _ - ~. • • „

glom -We.,..m,'-dV!tl

===== 0002601_19040903_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

`.IANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers 0 well. " After one dressing I found 135 dead next morn- ing."—J. Buss, lleisthorpe, Leighton. " I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."--C. Coox, Farmer. Ellesmere. '. stroyed 145 rats with it ."—C. WILSON. Offord.—Send ls 2d SANFORD t SON, Sandy. Befl4, bold by Cbenilats,japA

===== 0002601_19040903_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
Aionen

I) EVERSIONS.—AII classes of Reversions bonght ; quick IL completions ; loans arranged at low rates. Mortgage securities wanted at 34 to 41 per cent. Business Transfer Agency.—T. SMITE WoßstEr, 26. Cooper St.. Manchester.

TNVESTMBNT OFFBIIND.—Yon can hear of one of the best opportunities of tour life. tias earned over 21,00: per day,net profits for eight wears;will return 74 to 15per cent per annum, and is safe.—)3. NINE.S9, 9,oxford row. Leeds.

10 PER CENT. INTEREST —£1..0 wanted;good securitv —C/o WEBB, 333, High at., Manor Park, London.

-lOHN FLETCHER, is prepared to advance X 5 to £l,OOO day of application,to all bona fide applicants, on promissory note only. Cash advanced on deeds, shares, or any kind of collateral security. Most reasonable terms to suit borrowers. Town or country. All transactions strictly piivate. Letters promptiy answered—JOHN FLEITCHBI3, Market Buildings, 17,Thomas at., Shudehill, Manchester.

P YOU RBQUIRB INFORMATION concerning Conti- nental Premium Bonds, apply to the Continental Pre- mium Bonds Company, who arrange Cash Advances on fully pad Premium Bonds; reasonable interest on terms to be arranged. Bonds purchased. Combinations of Bonds for sale by easy instalments, at Current Market Prices on Con- tinental Bourses, inclusive of brokerage and small otazge for interest—THE CONTINENTAL PREMIUM BONDS Co., 31 West Sunniside, Sunderland. Telegrams ' Premium, Sunderland.

ADVANCES £3 TO .£SOO.—DON'T PAY FEES As those Offices who ask for fees,will only pocket your fee and refuse the advance. NO FEES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO SURETIES REQUIRED. NO RESPECT- ABLE APPLICATION refused. NO FINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work HONEST and STRAIGHFOEWAIID dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to Suit applicants. Apply and be convinled to the—Manager, J. CALVERT, CLAUGHTON CHAMBERS,I. CLAUGHTON MEET opposite Dr. Knowles) ST. HELENS.

LOANS GRANTBD DAILY. ANY iDISTANCE, FRok X 5 T 0 XLOOO FOR ANY IMMEDIATE WANT, BUSIN4I9 OR PRIVAT2, also for purchasing or starting new business, on simr.:e promissory note. No fines. All applications immediately attended to. Apply in confld enee, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN CO., 4, PARKER STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. HEAD OFFICE 9, CORPORATION ST., MANCHE9 TER

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (NOT LESS THAN V.:), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 20 years the total amount lent by tle undersigned

===== 0002601_19040903_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCEEDED £1,250,000 I

He has received hundreds of unsolicited letters of thanks, and has annually, for the past eiqtat rars, issued sel.c- tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 30C.C:C copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for advance, or any information desired, will be supplied, free of charge, on applicat ion, either personally or by letter, to :

GEORGE PAYNE, , ACCOUNTANT. 20, ICHNNIMIC STREET, MA.NCHESTEIi. BBTABLISHED 1870.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on. your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION ,FREELY GIVEN. M. COWER, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, YOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOOD WIN. .B.—Established at this ~.tddr6ss Twenty Years.

AI 4 £lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £SO.—ADVANCES cAveJ MADE to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT, on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERMS FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit made by our Manager on earns day of application who will grant you the money AT ONCE i satisfactory. NOTE:

THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 69, .114.. )2 PLACE 9 K STREET NEAR IRK MARKET LACE RARLRRTO WIT.

'FROM .E 3 AND UPWARDS. DONT FAIL TO GIVE ITS A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWIIsT RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable la 6d weekly £2O repayable 7s 63 weekly. £.5 „ 2503 „ £5O „ 17.63 „ £lO „ 3s 6d „ £lOO ~ 39. 6„ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con - fidence to MAURICE AND CO,. 31, CAIRO STREET. WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. Houas, 9 cm to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

MONEY! MONEY ! ! MONNY ! I £5 TO £lOOO, To each and everyone a hearty Invitation is offer.t before going elsewhere to call or write to me in con- fidence and convince yourself that mine is the lowest interest and lowest rate of repayment in Hngland. The entire charge £5 to repay £5 6s. Od. £lO to repay £l2 Os. 03. £2O „ „ £24 Os. Od. £4O £4B Os. Od. Larger sums proportionately. No bona-file application refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once to J.JIINNINGS Blanager(private house),9.ACADRMY- ST.. WARRINGTON. No delay. Strictest privscv whether business done or not. Cash delivered on day of application. Distance no object.

IMPORTANT ANNfoUNCHIaNT TO THR PUBLIC. WE ARE PREPARED TO GRANT SPECIAL TERMS TO ALL PERSONS BORROWING MONEY FROM US. Do NOT HESITATE, BUT WRITE AT ONCE, WHEN OUR MANAGER WILL GALL UPON You AND GRANT you TH AMOUNT You REQUIRE. NOTE THE ADDRESS : 1, EAST STREET (NEAR THE COUNTY COURT), ST. HELENS. Established the last Century.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY. £5 TO £l,OOO.

TO FARMERS, TRADES?! it NT, PROFESSIONAL GENTLE MEN, HOTEL AND LODGING-HOUSE KEEPERS, and to all Responsible Householders Worthy of Credit, upon of Hand Alone, in any part of England or Wales. Loan £5 To Repay £5 15 0 £lO ~ £ll 10 0 IS £2O '.£23 0 C " £3O .. £4lO C .. £5O £5710 C .. It , £lOO £ll5 0 0 Larger amounts in p-oportion. Extra Charges made in cases considered necessary. Special Terms Arranged to suit Borrowers' Own Convenience. Letters immediately answered. Prospectus free on application. Call o: write in strict confid- ence to the NA fIONAL LOAN SOCIETY, 41, CORPORA TION ST.. MANCHESTER. (Registered Office'.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS' 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from RIO to £l.ooo. ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. ATT I E wishing for temporary CASH ADVANOBS should note the advantages offered, viz.— SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE ;lONE]) LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- Nil TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY. THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVEN lIINT TO THei BORROW ER. THE ABSENCE OF ALL FEES. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative w ill call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions a their own homes or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are;widely known. and my reputation stands unrivalled.

THE

TUE

".•••

'1

===== 0002601_19040903_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lONIN

===== 0002601_19040903_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. , ;"-• ,

===== 0002601_19040903_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.1" j, ? 4: ,1

===== 0002601_19040903_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
2 A SoKR YOUR R FOR. aMcDOUGALL'S Paterit SELF-RAISING FLOUR

===== 0002601_19040903_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Quite the most enthusiastic yachtswoman among the , members of our Royg Family is Princess Henry of Battenberg. Her Royal Highness is never so well or happy as when on board her beautiful yacht, and her daughter Princes.s Ena is eqtially devoted to this parti- cular pastime. Princess Henry is very fond of garden- ing, and moreover ranks as quite a distinguished musician,but she cares little for State functions,and like the Duchess of Fife, seldom appears at any of them. 'There are already rumours concerning the betrothal of Princess Ens, who has quite fulfilled the promise of her -childhood, and grown a very beautiful and charming girl An Ancient Monastry.—Rufford Abbey, where the King is to be the guesi of Lord and Lady Savile for the Doncaster Race Meeting, has not altered greatly since the old Cavalier days. There is the great hall, with its carved oak -roof and minstrel gallery, and also the long oak tables and benches, which served the needs of- the Cistercian monks, who were quartered there since the year TIM. It passed to the Saviles by rnarriage, and Played a prominent part in the Civil Var. Sir William -avile was the leader of the Royalist forces in Yorkshire. After his death.his widow long held -the castle against the Roundheads, who however,eventu- ally gained possesSion.. The Stuart room contains many relics of those stirriag times and in the Chapel none of the Prayer Books are of later date than the time of Charles If. Rufford Abbey also rejoices in a ghost, which takes the form of a little old lady in black. Expecting a Disaster.—A clergyman related that on one occasion when'he was preaching in a strange church, he was struck by the very marked attention with which he was listened to, and sabsequently mentioning the matter to a member of the congregation, obtained an -explanation. Theirulpit being unsafe, the Vicar was accustomed to preach from the lectern, and the intent- ness of the congregation was largely due to the fact that they were expecting to see the pulpit collapse with the preacher. Now we read of a similar peril at Cox- wold Church, Yorks, of which the Vicar says that," for some time past parson and people have been preaching and worshipping atthe imminent peril of their lives" and' although the-sermons were always short, yet the danger as there. An appeal is made for funds, and the fact is adduced that the present incumbent is a successor of the Rev. Lawrence Sterne. Open Windows.—Whatever the autumn may bring forth we may faitly claim to have had a really fine summer, and if we could always rely upon fine warm -seasons, it would no doubt lead to many reforms in our dress and habits during the hot weather. One that it encourages, but is all too quickly discarded is, Oeeping with open windows. In hot weather open windows are the rule but with the first breath of autumn they are shut again, with the consequence that vast numbers of people spend the nights throughout the greater part of the year in unhealthy, stuffy bedrooms. Some object to open windows because the frames and blinds may rattle, but it is easy to prevent this, and everybody in sound health should train themselves to sleep in a well ventil- ated room which is one of the best preventives of headache, lassitude and consumption. The Favourite Gem.—The ruby is the most expensive -stone now-a-days, provided it is of that pure, full colour known as pigeons' blood, an intensely deeplustrous red. As in the case of peatls, his necessary to order a set of rubies some months before they are required, and even then it is not always possibleto obtain a large number which are perfection in every detail. The collection of -these gems,possessed by same of our great ladies, has ,extended over many years, and even generations. For young girls' wear, the very slender gold necklet, with drops of amethysts, interspersed with pearls, is very modish, and has quite takes] the place of the row of pearls. Not infrequently, the topaz or cornelian is utilised instead of the amethyst, but the latter is the most desirable from every point of view. ' Crown Jewels.--The finest pearls'in Europe are said to be among the Saxon Crown Jewels, but the Queen 'Dowager of Italy possesses a magnificent collection of these gems which are supposed to be destined for the Princess Yolande, the eldest daughter of the King and flueen. The largest and most magnificent collection of ' Crown Jewels in the world is that Epossessed by the Imperial house of Russia. One item is a -shawl of ex- quisite filigreeiwork in gold,whick is a mass of diamonds and many other of th 3 ornaments-are of antique form, and therefore but seldom worn. The Austrian and Hungarian Crown Jewels are very fine, also the Prussian Crown Jewels, which are of great value and rvery beautifully set. The Passing of the Tiara.—The tiara has, in great measure, given way to theless aggressive bandeau. which to be a success, should not measure more than five to six inches across. Some women allow it to extend round the sides of the head, which is a decided mistake 'The passing of the tiara is -probably due to the fact that it has become rather too popular,but there is something to be said for the reason set forward, viz., tkat with the present arrangement of our hair in front, the bandeau proves much more becoming. The Dressing of our Hair.—The majority of women are always altering their style of coiffure, following all the ideas, and often the eccentricities of fashion in this direction. But there are a few, who, like Queen Alexandra, remain faithful to the one style of coiffure that best suits their features and general appearance. For'example, Lady Curzon of Kidleston always has her beautiful dark hair parted in the middle, and arranged in smooth classic waves on each side of her face, while Mrs. George West keeps to the same style of hairdress- ing as prevailed a quarter of a century ago. Lady -Granby and Lady Lytton dress theirlair always in the picturesque fashion adopted by the" Souls," and Mrs. , Langtry still follows the classic style as seen in the Grecian statues, This latter demands a perfect profile, faultless outlines, and a neck that is full, white, and round charms which, taken altogether, are exceedingly rare. Red Footwear.—ln Paris, the craze for red shoes and hose for outdoor.wear, shows no sign of abating, but whatever the Parisienne may don in this way, it is not always safe to follow her example. Frenchwomen of

the higher classes, are, as a rule possessed of small feet, arched insteps, and pretty ankles, and for such and such only, is anything so striking as ' red outdoor footgear possible. With a black house gown, red shoes are often piquant and charming, but taken as a whole, the women of our Islands are safer in remaining faithful to the black, or dark brown varieties for ordinary wear. The Craze for Silver Grey.—Silver grey fabrics are in great request, but undoubtedly they are much less becoming to the generality of women than the putty and fawn shades which we have had with us so long. More- over the latter show dust and mud less, being more akin to these undesirable adjuncts of our climate. The modish silver grey, on the other hand shews every speck of dust, or splash of mud, and if held up by dark, or black gloved hands, tho chalices are that the traces of such a procedure will be visible afterwards. MADGE.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
VEGETABLES UP-TO-DATE.

The strict vegetarian and all others who appreciate the very useful part ,which vegetables play in our daily dietary, must often wish for a means of making the homelier vegetables more appetising. A simple and most successful way to accomplish this, is to serve the vegetables with an appetising sauce. Such sauces are easily made with thoaid of Brown & Poison's "Patent" Corn Flour. Brown Sc Polson's publish a special recipe book entitled "Fish and Vegetable Sauces," a copy of which will be forwarded to every lady sending a id. stamp to B. & P.. Paisley. The recipes include sauces for even the most common vegetable in daily use, such as carrots, turnips, cabbage, ttc., and to serve such vegetables with a good sauce gives them an added relish

===== 0002601_19040903_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

VACCINATION EXEMPTION CERTIFICATES REFUSED AT

R UNCORN.

At Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday Frank Littler, Waterloo-road. applied for a certificate exempting him from having his infant son vaccinated. Mr.' A. Thomas refused to grant the certificate. Mr. Littler said he would try again.—Mr. 'Thomas: You may try where you like. I shall not grant it.—Joseph Lightfoot, Halton-road, made a similar application, and in reply to Mr. Thomas said he had not got a doctor's certificate to the effect that vaccination would be detrimental to the health of the child.—Mr.Thomas :That's quite sufficient shall not grant it.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
CAMDEN MISSIONARY SOCIETY, RUNCORN.

At a meeting of the Camden Wesleyan Missionary Society, on Sunday, Mr. T. C. Beckett in opening the proceedings alluded to his official career, and pointed out that he had held office for 30 years. The announce- ment was received with much satisfaction by the teachers and scholars. Mr. Beckett introduced Mr. G. Williams as chairman, and the Rev. S. H. Ravenscroft, of South Africa,and formerly of Runcorn,as the speaker. He said they were two old Camden scholars. Mr. Williams referred to the great benefit he had received from his connection with the school, and urged the scholars to repay the effort „s of the teachers by giving their lives to the Master. The Rev. S. H. Ravenscroft congratulated the workers upon the financial success shown by the treasurer's report. He paid a tribute to the services rendered by Mr. Beckett and congratulated him upon his long and successful term of office. The rev, gentleman then gave a short account of his experi- ences in South Africa, and offeted many illustrations of the value of the ministry there. A. collection in aid of the missions was taken.

RCNCORN LIBRARY—THE ENLARGEMENT SCHEME. The monthly meeting of the Runcorn Library Com- mittee was held at the Town Hall on Friday evening, Mr. W. Handley presiding.—Tne Librarian presented the 22nd annual report of the library. It showed that during the year 891 borrowers' tickets had been issued, an increase of 65 on the last year. The afternoon issues were 3,145, and the evening issues 25,564. The total number of books taken from the lending department was 27,709, an increase of 2,258 over last year. Eight hundred and twenty-six books were utilized in the refer- ence department, a decrease of 152. The total number of issues was 29,335, an increase of 2,105. The average daily issue was 121, an increase of six. Four hundred books had been added to the stock, 316 to the lend- ing department and 51 to the reference depart- ment. Two hundred volumes had been rebound. The report was adopted, on the motion • of Mr. Bisbrown, seconded by Mr. Rankinson, and it was decided to print 150 copies.—The Book Selection Com- mittee recommended the purchase of 130 new books.— The Chairman said that Mr. Wilding had attended to explain his plans for the proposed enlargement of the library. The committee would be glad to know that the Council approved of him doing this work, and had further stated that there should be no increase in the administrative expenses even if the committee were successful with Mr. Carnegie.—Mr. Wilding. then pro- ceeded by the aid of plans to explain the scheme in detail. The proposed accommodation was :—Basement. 650 feet; ground floor: hall, 260 feet; reading-r00m,498 feet; magazine room, 260 feet; ieference and ladies' room, 481 feet; first floor, 630 feet; total, 2,799 feet. The shelving displaced was 1,364 feet, and the shelvins provided on the ground floor was 1,344 feet. The esti- mated cost of the alterations was £2,560, and the cost of, the fittings £5OO. The large room on the first floor could be divided by movable screens.—Mr. Cunningham said they had better ask also for the cost of the fittings from Mr. Carnegie. (Laughter.l—On the motion of Mr. Pope, seconded by Mr. Riley. it was decided to submit the plans to the Finance Committee of the Council, and Mr. Wilding was thanked for his services in the matter.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHARMING WEST COUNTRY.

The GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY COMPANY!!

have made important additions to the facilities for travel to

THE GRANDEUR OF THE ENGLISH

BRISTOL CHANNELS.

THE CHARMING HILLS AND VALLEYS

SOMERSET 7KND DORSET.

Full particulars Can be obtained free on application to The SuperintEnecnt of the Line, Great Western Rail% ay, Faddingtcn Staticn, London. JANIEA C. txurag. Gonoral NUttin cc.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 3, 1904.

Copyrijl2t.)

===== 0002601_19040903_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

One of the most sensible and economica coyeities in -.regard to the ever serviceable coat and skirt costume which has met with sincere FipproN-al froth. . everyone who has adopted it, provides two skirts for wear with one and the same coat. This may at first glance appear unnecessary and extravagant as, m course, the first cost of the costume is greatly increased, but as of course this refers to only those of tweed, serge or cloth it will be found much less expensive in the long ' run foi it has .fallen to the experience of . most of us to find ourselves face to face with a coat which ie very little the worse of the wear it has had while the accompanying skirt shows cut edges and a general shabbiness so that one can hardly believe they are part and parcel of the same costume. This state of affairs is prevented by • skirt, the one

the doubl,

A USEFUL CAP:

being cut very short and made as plainly as possible, while the other is more liberally strapped and stitched and fuller altogether and is, besides, of an ordinary length. The short skirt is, of course, designed for wet weather and country wear which saves the more elaborate one for more important bccasions, and by using them as required the coat will wear in harmony with the rest of the 3ostume. A long skirt always looks out of place on a stormy day or a country road. Especially useful is the double skirt for the girl of sporting proclivities, for the short skirt is suited to the requirements of golf, fishing, ar even shooting. A serge costume. of this mode completed by a cap of the same materil fashioned in the same style as that in my first sketch looks businesslike and is becoming especially when a long veil 'is twisted round it in the same way as that effected by the motorists and loosely knotted at one side with the ends allowed to float free.

These flat crowned caps prove most com- fortable wear on a windy day as they fit well on to the head and lend themselves to the firm adjustment of the necessary hatpins. There is evinced in the first nint of the fashions for the icoming autumn a marked tendency towards plaids, and some of the smartest dres- Ses of this material will .be made with a short pleated skirt, and in every instance a cap tc

4te009, , ........1 -„,1 .4e........rti,,A.11, _iforwlit.v,-., _-_- , A , ~/ j I t i I i I . 1I ) 1 \

match will be included in the toilette. The coats are close fitting but are smartened up by the introduction of tasteful waistcoats, for this autumn and winter will see all the smartest cut tailor-made boasting a tight-fitting waistcoat generally of a contrasting colour. We are only following the fashion set by the lords of creation in adopting this mode, for last winter and spring mankind displayed a love for weird combinations of colour or startling spots and stripes as a relief to the monotony of the usual masculine toilette. . _ _

My second sketch shows a pretty fawn or i champagne coloured light cloth dress trim- med with flounces of silk embroidery worked in different tones of brown with a touch of orange introduced at the belt and in the little bows securing the silk which is passed round the shoulders, and also down the front of the skirt in a series of little puffs. A soft silk bow finishes the front of the bodice and is of the same tone as the material. Fine creamy underslecves of delicate muslin appear under the frill of embroidery above the wrists and are caught into little bands of lace. The hat is of pale brown straw trimmed with a long veil of creamy lace and an orange velvet bow on the bandeau at the side. The ' colours are just what will be greatly worn ,in a month .or six weeks, for brown in all its

t '4"1111111111111111111*.e....-r,‘,. eir;'' \ f+s ,v 41t ez„, .: \\ \ ,t, 4,1 • 1 , , \--7 . ~,/

IP . 2.....:., ......) '. . ' ....3 ) c; t: : 14) 4'.. ::::: y jr} ...Y . . l't . 1, NI

c. *

tll//*

\ 'ff.4 -

A SMART TOILETTE.

.1% `l. 41,41. /1/ 11\1 ' (1117 •'\) 4w • r• • Er

\

1,\1.\

\

===== 0002601_19040903_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY' FROCK.

various shades will be very well worn during autumn, and generally relieved by touches of yellow or orange. Red is another rich colour which is always greatly in demand during the fall of the leaf, but it is too bright and glaring for immediate use except for the golfing girl, who at one time selected this shade for her coat only, but now appears clad in a short, neatly fitting skirt and smart hat or cap of this colour, the brilliancy of which is often softened by. the shirt blouse which accompan- ies it. _ _

My last sketch depicts a pretty frock which May offer some F--uggestions for those mothers Who pride , themselves on the neatness with which they dres# their little girls, most of the work, if not all, being done by themselves. Indeed; there is no time like the present for doing these dainty little bits of needlework which can be taken up at leisure.. The charm- ingfrock sketched, is of fine white cashmere and is smocked across the front and over the shoul- ders while the dainty collar, waistband and hem of the skirt has a pretty floral pattern worked in silks. The style is a. very simple one but quite original and. very becoming to a little girl of three years and. over. One can get a pattern to be transferred on to the material if the floral design is beyond the worker's artistic capabilities, but the trans- ferring must be carefully done and the paper pattern -should be tacked to -the material before it is ironed. —_,

' COQUETTEI

===== 0002601_19040903_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
JESSICA'S CAPRICE.

Er CLARA 11IMHOLLAND,

Author of "Kathleen Mavourneen," "Lady Strath- more's Stratagem," "John Lawson's Ward," "Two Against One," "A False Step," tte.

"Jessica is sweet to look upon," cried Mrs. Fairbairn, trailing her long, silken skirts over the rich carpet and bending gracefully to• kiss a small, delicate woman lying upon a couch at the far end of a big drawing-room in Queen's-gate. "You ought to be proud of your daughter, Marion, and see that she does well in life. Where is she off to now by herself? You really give her too much freedom."

Marion raised her dainty. eyebrows and shrugged her shoulders.

"I don't give Jessica freedom ; she takes it. I'm not strong enough to cope with a will like hers. You've no idea how delicate I am,. Floss dear. A ball or a dinner quite knocks me up, and we have so many to go to nowadays." "Yet Jessica looks as fresh as a rose." "She seldom comes with us," laughing. "She's too serious • for such frivolities. Now, I dance the night through, but Jessica "—she threw up her hands—"is tired and ready to go home, when she does come, after quite a few dances." "In our day the mothers sat and watched—the young girls danced." "But that's many years ago. And our mothers mere old-fashioned., "

"If I had a daughter," thoughtfully, "I'd do as they did. It's the right and proper thing, and evidently dancing does not agree with you, Marion." "Nothing "—sighing—" does. The days are long, and "—yawning— 'l'm bored to death.'

. - "You want a tonic, or, better still, a little work."

"Work I My dear Floss, what nonsense! Why should I work? My husband's wealthy and I am-7,

"Lazy and extravagant. Forgive me, Marion, but you know we always speak plainly to each other —ever since we were at school. I did not, however, mean money-making work. I meant your duty— going out with your daughter—" "Dear me! I couldn't go with her. They don't admit chaperons to • such places, and Jessica is quite able to take care of herself." "That I am sure of. But, nevertheless, you ought to go out with her more than you do." "Now "—with a frown—" don't lecture too much, Floss. I won't stand it. I couldn't possibly go with Jessica to-day. The room is quite small, and not a chair to sit on."

"But where has she gone?" "To her bookbinding class, of course. Oh, see, you have not heard of her latest craze." "No, indeed, I have not." "Well, she's learning to bind books at Mr. Sharpies, in Mudie-street." "Learning to bind books? For goodness' sake why'?" "Don't look so tragic. It's only "—laughing-- "a fair maid's fancy, a caprice that does no one any harm. I thought you'd be shocked." "I'm not shocked, but I confess to feeling a little vexed. It seems a crying shame that Jessica should waste her time in such a way. The years will soon pass, and she ought to be getting married. Has she no admirers ?"

"What a question! My dear, she ;night count them by the hundred. But you know Jessica—her head in the clouds, she dreams of a paragon. A chevalier sans reproche,' and Pm afraid' that in London society such men are rare: So she refuses everyone and goes on—with her bookbinding."

Airs. FairbWirn swept up and down the room, absorbed in thought. "And this teacher? " pausing suddenly. "Is he--"

"Safe as can be," laughed Mrs. Lennox. "Elderly, plain, rough in manner, so don't be uneasy. Sharpies is all be ought to be." "And the other pupils? Afe they--" "My dear," impatiently, "you want to know too much. it's not likely Jessica would waste her time on a pupil when "—in scornful and scathing tones —"she refused Sir Loftus Dunstable."

"The foolish girl! How unwise. You must really tell her to re-consider—give Sir Loftus another chance. He—for, oh !" —clasping her hands—"supposing anything were to happen—and business is very low in the City—before Jessica is married. Think how awful that would be."

"Don't talk of anything so horrible," shivering. "I declare you are a regular wet blanket to-day. There's no danger of a crash. John is in first-rate spirits." Mrs. Fairbairn looked curiously at her cousin. "I am truly glad to hear that, and one ought never to listen to vague rumours." "Certainly not. But you ought to talk to Jessica, Floss, and urge her to accept Sir. Loftus. I've done so till I'm tired. She doesn't mind one word . I say, and just laughs and tells me she prefers bookbinding. Ali! there's • the luncheon gong. Thank goodness." Meanwhile her father's carriage bore Jessica Lennox swiftly on her way. She waa in radiant spirits, and little dreaming of her cousin's anxiety for her future. his ne.w occupation, caprice her mother called it, gave her immense pleasure. She had long wanted some scope for her energies, and she now told herself she had found it. Book- binding was useful, artistic work. It provided her with employment and interest. "Some day I'll bring home an exquisitely-bound volume, the cover designed and made by my own fair hands," she cried, gaily, as she climbed up the narrow stairs leading to the studio in a small and dingy street, not far from New Oxford-street, "and then they'll all be pleased and tell me I'm really quite clever." Behind a big screen in the corner Jessica removed her lace boa and large picture hat and feathers, and, putting on a long blue overall, which completely concealed her pretty dress, stepped out. amongst the pupils and began at once to work. Half-a-dozen girls and it couple of young men looked up, and smiled she appeared, then resumed their occupation wit hout a word. "J've brought a little book I want you to bind for me in your very best style, Mr. Barton," Jessica said, addressing a tall, fair-haired man of about three or four and twenty, who still lingered in the studio, when the other pupils had gone to lunch. "It's a birthday gift for my father, and I would like it very nice. lam willing "—drawing a small volume of poems from her pocket—"to give, you any price you please, if only it is well done, as you, with all your artistic taste, can do it." He took the book frcm hq hand, looked at it, and laid it down upon the table. "I'll give it to the master. lie will do it as you wish." • "But "—Jessica flushed a give you the order." "Thank you, but lam going away. I only came to-day that I might say good-bye to you, Miss Lennox."

."I wished to

"Going away? Oh !" impulsively, "You are very kind." His glance resled for a second on her lovely, eager face, and he sighed. She looked at him anti their eyes met. "Not at all," Jessica said, turning away impatiently. "I thought you liked our work." He smiled a little sadly. "Liking has nothing to-do with it. I must make money." -

"I am sorry."

I !" scornfully. "Art .and artistic .work might surely to come before money." I "To you who have plenty of money it lutist seem so."

•" that I have

—quickly—

"How do you know " plenty ?" j lie laughed and reddened slightly 1 "Everyone here knows that Miss Lennox ii wealthy, and that her learning bookbinding is btu a passing Caprice:" it is nothing of the kind. And wlty should it be ? 'Tis well to learn something properly. Whig knows when one may require to work ? " •

"Who indeed ? But i trust you inav never fall upon such days. I have known them long, and now that an uncle has offered me a good berth in his business in New York, I must go and make all the money I can, for the sake of my mother and little brother and sisters." "You are noble," Jessica. cried, lookinz at hint admiringly. "it is splendid to sacrifice one±felf for others like that. I could not do it."

..... I "Oh, yeP, you emild," he said, warmly. "fliers is f.trength and &termination in every line of you! love! y face."

"Really,

.Mr. Barton," with an uneasy !audit.

I•ore:et myself, you would say, and truly. Bt your canning here has Often puzzled me. Willyn-t. great perseverance and strength of will you could 'lot have !riven un the oniuseinents

. "Oh, amusements "—shrugging her shoulders— "bore me intensely. You have no idea what a dull e.!air the- life of the average society youne ladv is nowadays.. To me it is impossible. And I often wish I were poor that I might--" "Don't!" he cried, quickly. not suit you:" Shit laughed merrily. "F:pw serious you are.

Poverty would

And'now, when are you

• .p game . "To-morrow. This is my last day in England." "We shall miss you. "Will you?" His face lit up with •a look of inexpressible joy, uknd be moved nearer and laid his hand on hers. Then. with a start and a sudden change of colour, he 'drew back and began to put his tools and work away.

"-Some day you'll be coming home again a vi-?althy man," Jessica said, cheerfully, and mak":".- am effort to speak in her natural way. "Pcrhaft. then, we may meet. Who knows ? " "1 pray Heaven we may." he cried, his eyes tort_ full upon her face. "But. no,' with a nervous, itragewhat bitter hingh, "I shall never make a fortune—never " his voice Sank to a -dreary whisper—"meet you again. Good-bye, good-bye!" A.nd,before the girl could say another word, he was gone.

For some clip, Adrian Barton's departure and 4is prospects of success in America were the subject mf many whispered conversations in the studio. rlym something new turned up, and his name was lientioned no more. His fellow pupils appeared to save forgotten his existence. Missing his kind assistance. his clever advice, and The sympathetic and artistic interest he had always ;aken in her work, Jessica resented this speedy

rorptfulness on the part of her companions, and ,as inclined to tell them so in a few scornful and trndil;riant words. But, fortunately, she saw the folly of such a proceeding and wisely held her itongle. "They are only doing what is right and natural, after all," she told herself. "And I had better follorr their example. Adrian Barton was "7 -- smiling and blushing—"too attractive. It is a good thing, perhaps, that he has gone." That evening Mr. Lennox spoke seriously to hia daughter, and urged her to accept Sir Loftts. Dunstable's offer of marriage, which he wao willing and eager to repeat if only she would give him the opportunity. "I could not marry Sir Loftus, father," she replied, &mil-. "I do not love him." "Nonsense Love is only absurd sentimentality. Hard times are upon us, Jessica. Any day I—we may all be on the brink of starvation. Marry this good man--" "Father," she cried, white to the lips, "this is terrible !" "You will do as I ask? As Lady Loftus—" "I could not. Oh, father, don't ask me to sell myself," wailed the girl in anguish. "Anything rather than that." "You're a fool!" he cried, and swung out of the room angry and indignant. Months passed, and although everyone in the house knew of the grave danger that threatened them, things went on as before in the Lennox establishment There were dinner-parties, luncheon parties and receptions. Mrs. Lennox ordered new and expensive dresses; Mr. Lennox smoked the finest cigars and drank the best of wine, and all the time they were on the edge of an abyss. No one seemed to view the situation in a proper spirit —that is, no one but Jessica. She alone made an effort to retrench; she shine considered seriously what she should do in the future.

"I could not marry Sir Loftus Dunstable, and he would have acted- generously towards us all," six would cry, wringing her hands despairingly. "It would be a sin to do so—a sin against him, t sin against- myself—when I do not love him. BM: I must do something—work. Mother will want so much. But what can I do? Ali !" a glance of joy in her eyes, "I know. My caprice, as she called it. :My bookbinding will save us. Thank Heaven there is at least one thing that I can do well." At last the crash came, awful and more terrible even than was expected. • John Lennox was ruined, and the shock and horror was more than he could bear. An attack of his heart laid him suddenly prostrate one day upon the floor. Before night he was dead!

Upon Jessica now devolved the entire manage- ment of everything. Her mother, weak and help- less, was incapable of thought or action. So, cut to the heart, sorrowing, yet brave and courageous, the girl set to work with a will, resolved to do what she could to spare the poor woman all possible pain and suffering. It was, a difficult task; but when at last the furniture was sold and they had left the big house in Queen's-gate for a tiny flat in West. Kensington, Mrs. Lennox seemed fairly well satisfied. She praised her daughter loudly for her good management and sweet kindness; and Jessica, feeling well rewarded for her hours of anxiety and fatigue, began to think how she could settle down to make a little money. "There'll be barely enough left, when all Nor father's debts are paid, for the rent and most common necessaries of life," she told herself; "so now work, real work, must be done, Jessica Lennox. No more playing for you. • Henceforth you are a working woman." With this intention she took a couple of small rooms in a street off the High-street, Kensington, and set up with a hopeful and courageous heart as a bookbinder.

In this emergency Florence Fairbairn, her mother's first cousin, proved an invaluable friend. The girl's sturdy independence was a revelation to her, accustomed as she was to the prettY, frivolous maidens she met in society, thinking of little but their own pleasure and adornment, their one object being to amuse themselves first, and ultimately secure a wealthy husband.. Compared with these contemptible creatures, Jessica seemed a heroine, and the kind-hearted woman resolved to help her in every way she could. So she. went round her rich acquaintances blowing the girl's horn, telling them how beauifully she bound books, and how fashionable it was to have all one's. pet poets and authors in one's drawing-room in elegant and artistic covers. In a certain set Mrs. Fairbairn was looked im to as a person of taste, and her word was law. So,very soon,good-orders poured into the little studio in Kensington. Two or three nice girls followed as pupils, and in a few months Jessica was fairly well launched, and doing useful and paying work as a binder of books. "Jessica's caprice will be her saving after all," Mrs. Fairbairn would say. "She's a good girt. and I'm delighted with her; but she deserved 0. better fate. A good and wealthy husband is whir she ought to have, lovely as she is; but, of course " with a shrug of her shoulders.—"all that is over now. Working for her bread, shut up in a studio from morning till night with a set of girls in blue overalls, where on earth could such a being come from ?"

Such thoughts as these never troubled Jessica, however. She was happy at her work and deeply thankful Hist she was getting on so well. -

Years went ever, and with various fluctuations— for in every business there are good days and had— Jessica progressed. She had a good deal of artistic taste, and her designs for binding were grentty appreciated and sought after. The work took time and labour; but as she liked it and it paid her well, she was content.

"You're a marvellous girl," Mrs. Fairhairn rhid one day, glancing round the little studio. "Is there anything more I can do for you ? " Jessica laughed gaily. "My dear fairy godmother, I think not. I could do very well with another pupil. But---" . • "You shall have her. I feel sure I shall find one soon. Au revoir. I'm off to look her up amongst ft:iends and admirers." And she mit mt of the room.

"Floss is more marvellous than I am," Jessica said, smiling, as the carriage bearing her kii'd and useful friend drove of from the door. "Si!' really is--" "I have been waiting on the mat for half.' hour. May I come in?" asked a sweet voice, looking round Jessica saw a small, exquisitely- dressed little maiden, with a very fair face and pair of big brown eyes, standing in the doorway. "Come in, please. l'm so sorry you've had to wait," Jessica cried, in some confusion and lifting forward a chair. "I never heard you ring." the girl said, sitting '" re e cious. In fact, I'v down.ot "Please in ginMdn tyloi e t nte apologise," worldi slnotogoti Pe do, and that's why I ant here."

Jessica looked at her in some amusement. "A curious reason for coming. Do you wish me to bind books for you ?" "Oh, no! " laughing a little nervously. "I want you to teach me how to bind them." •, "Indeed ! You want to become my pupil ?" esesica remarked, her -eyes wandering.over the girl's rich, yet pretty costume. "A caprice" she thought, then blushed deeply, remembering how vexed she had been when people had said that of ber own desire to learn bookbinding. "Ys. I think I migbt like the work," tovint.:

vith a gold chain round her neck. •`xou see, i wasn't always rich, and Adrian says--" "Adrian ? " Jessica started and changed ylour. It was many years since she had heard that name. But one man of her acquaintance had ever borne it. Still, doubtless there were many other Adriajis in the world.

"Yes. He's my brother, you know," went on her visitor. "He has made money—quite a fortune—and so we're all rich. The others seem happy; but somehow it bores me to dress up and read novels all day long, and we don't know many people to ask us out, so Adrian said I ougl:t to learn bookbinding. He's awfully good t it.' "Indeed! But it's pretty hard work. You would soon tire of it." ~ . .

• . "Perhaps.; but 1' in more persevering th ar you think; and Adrian says he once knew a girl—A lovely girl—who just for a fad, a caprice—she was quite rich—took up bookbinding and got on splendidly. She liked it, and so might I. May I"—looking up with her big, sweet, appealing eyes—"come and try ? " • Jessica's colour had changed from red to white and from white to red several times during this speech, and she felt a sudden thrill run through her heart that alarmed her. "Why should I care ? What does it matter if her brother should be the Adrian I knew ? " she told herself, severely. "Why need I start and grow scarlet all over because he said I was lovely? I'm an idiot! A--" Then aloud she asked, quietly: "Did your brother, Mr. Adrian—" "Barton, that's his name," cried the girl; "and he and I live together at Queen's-gate, so I shall not have far to come."

"No." Truly things had changed. The Bartons rich and living near her old home, whilst she-- "Did your—Mr. Barton send you to me as a pupil ? " "Oh dear, no !". laughing. "I saw your name .somewhere quite by accident. Adrian never heard of you."

Jessica smiled. It was a relief to know that. She would have resented the idea of Adrian Barton looking upon her as a charity and sending his sister to take lessons in bookbinding in order to help her. Now that she was persuaded that this was not the case, she was delighted to welcome pretty Phyllis as a pupil. Her days at the studio were pleasant ones for Phyllis Barton, and she conceived quite a romantic affection for her clever and beautiful teacher. At home she raved about her from morning till night, and Adrian, having a shrewd suspicion that the bookbinder of Kensington was the Jessica Lennox that he had known many years before, longed with a great longinc, to renew his acquaintance with her; but a certain shyness held him back. • He did not dare to intrude upon her. "It is so long since we met," he told himself. "She has probably forgotten my very name. If-- Oh, Jessica! I could not' bear to be greeted as a stranger. Through all these years I have thought of you, and dreamt of seeing you again, and yet now— I will not force myself upon you. If we are to meet it must come about naturally; but, thank -Heaven, I may see you sometimes, gaze upon you from afar. You are as lovely as ever, and have proved yourself a noble woman. Heaven bless you!" When Phyllis had been going to the studio for some weeks she caught cold, and the doctcr forbade her leaving the house till it was quite well. Much vexed at this sudden interruption of her happy days in the society of her beloved friend, she wrote a despairing letter to Jessica, who at once hurried round to Queen's-gate to console and comfort her. Upon the stairs as she was leaving Jessica came suddenly face to face with Adrian Barton, and, looking at him with her sweet, clear eyes, held out her ha.wi. • "You have forgotten me?" she said, softly. "I am Jessica Lennox!" "Indeed I have not," he cried; "that would be impossible. I have thought of and longed for this moment since the day we parted, Miss Lennox." "Oh, that is kind!" with a quick, bright blush. "And "—laughing nervously—"all the things we used to talk about have come true. We have changed places, as it were. I congratulate you on your success in America." "And lon yours in London, Miss Lennox. You have done well and nobly." Jessica raised her hand quickly. "Pray say nothing about that. I have had a struggle, but it's over. I shall never "—gaily—"make a fortune, but I am content. We women don't ask for much."

And then she passed away from him, smiling; and he, dazed and bewildered with joy, stood with throbbing heart and misty eyes gazing helplessly after her retreating figure. During the following week they met frequently by the little invalid's couch, and .the awkwardness of the first meeting over they fell back into their old easy ways again. With one on each side of her Phyllis was supremely happy; but as her cold yielded to treatment and she knew she would soon be well, a new terror took possession of her.. Jessica would now never come to see her. Their pleasant, cosy evenings would be at an end for ever. It was too bad, and with all the wilfulness of a spoilt child she resolved to malinger a little, just to keep her dear friend near her for some time longer. Never suspecting what was going on Jessica grew anxious, and, speaking to Adrian upon the subject one evening, she strongly advised him to bring a specialist to see and examine his little sister. "She looks fragile," she said. "It would be wrong to allow a cold to settle on her. The results might be fatal ! " ' Adrian smiled. lie knew and understood Miss Phyllis better than Jessica did. "I will think over what you say," he answered. "And I—yes—l know exactly the specialist she requires." They .were walking through a quiet part of Kensington Gardens, she having allowed him to see her home as it was a little late. "l'in glad of that. If you find the right man the child may soon be all right." "'Tis not— 'Oh, Jessica, dare I—speak ?" The girl started and grew crimson at the sound of her name upon his lips. "Speak? Oh, yes—l—you know how dear Phyllis is--" "I do not wish to speak of Phyllis, but of myself. I want the same thin q as Phyllis. You, Jessica!— only you—always with me! No, don't turn away, I love you! I love you! Oh !"—catching her hand—"tell me I may hope! '1 ;ell me you will be my wife !" Jessica turned and looked at him, and their eyes met ; but though her lips trembled she did not speak. "Jessica !" he whispered. "My darling! Which is it to be 'Yes' or 'No' ?" "Adrian, yes! And—now "—with a little sob— "you and Phyllis--" "Have got our hearts' desire I" [Tux Exp.}

===== 0002601_19040903_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MMMEM

===== 0002601_19040903_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
k;t:

===== 0002601_19040903_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
TENNENT9S

T

LAGER BEER.

G UARANTEED BRIGHT & FREE FROM SEDIMENT.

To be obtained from. M. WALKER & SONS LTD.; Warrington

and of all Grocers and Wine Merchants. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bcttled. See that Every Bottle has the Red T Label. 19, Lancelots Hey, Liverpool.

WELLPARK BREWERY, GLASGOW.

ONE, TWO, OR THREE,

according to age and constitution, may be taken of DR. }KING'S

===== 0002601_19040903_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
BILIOUS & LIVER PILLS

(Guaranteed without Mercury)

These Pills have been prescribed by Medical men for over 500 years, are still ahead of all Liver Pills; gentle in their action, restore tone to the general system, and are the safest and most reliable family medicine for all ages, and absolutely cure the symptoms of Torpid Liver, such as UNPLEASANT BREATH—WIND GIDDINESS DEPRESSED SPIRITS INDIGESTION BACKACHE SPASMS BOUGH TONGUE—ACIDITY AND CoNsrtrAvort—and stimulate the Liver itself to con - tinned healthy action. • Sold everywhere-1/1h 219 and 4;8 per box.

'r:t4 Os o'4l 04 574 4,/t44 OF*

I •

itreirairVtrVai.taVaittetriii(

PITTS'S MODEL FURNISHED HOUSE I. always on view. II comprises Dining, Drawing Three Bedrooms, Kitchen and Scullery, furnished throughout with tasteful and durable articles and fabrics guaranteld absolutely New. Every essential requisite for 200 guineacor any article sold separately. Also THIRTEEN SP NCI MEIN FURNISH RD ftOOMS—Dining, Drawing, and Bedrooms—at from 7 to 125 guineas each.

Photos and Details post fres.

INSPECTION INVITED.

PITTS'S, Manchester.

awl

===== 0002601_19040903_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„ . • - -

===== 0002601_19040903_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
'EVENTS OF :THE WEEK.

TEE STRUGGLE IN THE FAR EAST.

AIVREN

. , : - •

The siege of Port Arthur will go down to .history as one of the great sieges of ,the world, and General Stoessel has written his own name and those of his men large on the page of heroes. For some weeks the fall has been daily expected, but the persistent assaults of the Japanese, who have been 'prodigal of pluck and life, have been met wisth equal determination by the defenders: The news at the time of writing would seem to show that the last hours of the gallant defence have come, as it appears that the Japanese have captured all the outlying fortifications and , have actually established themselves on the parade-ground, from which they will deliver the final assault upon .the citadel of .Antstishan at the north-west of the town and the fortresses on Golden Hill and 'Tiger's Tail Promontory. These, however, still mean serious fighting, as the whole scheme of defences has been drawn up on the lines of a fight to the death. General Stoessel has sworn that Port Arthur shall. be his to nb, and it is said that in the last e.xtr(mi y a desperate sortie will be made in

pre.erence to surrender. But so close a censorship are the Japanese keeping that all the news is fragmentary and unofficial. Meanwhile General Kuroki, though once more moving upon General Kuropatkin, has been delaying his final attack upon Liaoyang until the fall of Port Arthur, and his renewed activity seems to presage the end of the siege. Unquestionably a great crisis has been reached, and the west is eagerly awaiting news of the east. General Fukushima, whose portrait we give to-day, on account of his -great linguistic abilities (he speaks English, French, German, Russian, and Chinese), has during the war • been in charge of the military attaches and war correspondents, and, owing to the unflinching policy of keeping the latter back in Tokio as long as possible, it is a great testimonial to his tact and good humour that things have gone so smoothly. He has a very distinguished career behind him and will always be emembered for his famous ride across Russia and Siberia in 1891. He is well-known in Europe as for four years he was military attache at Berlin and he came over to England for the Corona- tion on the staff of General Oku. General Fukushima, who is fifty years of age, also came into contact with European forces as chief of the Japanese staff during the Boxer rebellion.

ANOTHER NEW JUDGE.

By the appointing of Mr. A. T. Lawrence, K.C., to the King's Bench Division in succes- sion to the late Sir Robert Wright, a worthy successor has been found. It was expected for many weeks that Mr. Lawrence would be offered the position and now that it has become an es- tablished fact general satisfac- tion has been given not only to the legal pro- fession, to whom the qualities of Mr. Lawrence are well known, but also to the great body of the public who have become acquainted with his judicial ability when sit- ting as Commis- sioner of Assize. It has been

pointed out that

some little in- _onvenience may be caused by the fact that we have already one Mr. Justice Lawrence, but a Way cut of the difficulty will .be by refer- ring to the new judge as Mr. Justice A. T. Lawrence. It is not the 'first time that the Judicial Bench has a double of this kind, for in the reign of • William IV. we had a Bain Parke (afterwards Lord Wensleydale) and a Mr. Justice Park, but. the .or was in the Exchequer and the other in the Common Fleas • Division, distinctions • which no longer exist. The incident also recalls the fact that for many years Dr. Henry Phillpotts was occupying the episcopal see of Exeter while Dr. Henry Philpett was Bishop of Worcester. "Henry of Exeter" often alluded to the more northern prelate with the very similar name as "my peculiar. brother.". Mr. A. T. Lawrence thoroughly merits the confidence bestowed upon him. Somewhat slow in method, he is very sure as regards his law, and scrupulouily careful in ascertaining fact. He is Recorder of 'Windsor ands Deputy- Lieutenant of the County of Nairn. Another blow to _ the doctrine gut the nearest way to the Bench is through the House of Com- mons, Mr. Lawrence has never been a member of Parliament, nor even a .professed politician. When Mr. Justice Farwell was made a judge five years ago it was. said that ,his best friends had no idea of his political views. Hardly as much can be said of Mr. Lawrence, though it ,is evident he owes his appointment solely to the reputation he' has made in the courts. .

THE ANGLESEY SALE

The recent sale at Anglesey Castle, due to he bankruptcy of the Marquis, has been one iong history of extravagance and folly -Which, fortunately, seldom has its parallel. Its culmination. was the auction of his personal wardrobe, which spoke for itself and touched the high-water

mark of insane expenditure, and it is not a'.-1- credit to the in- t telligence of the purc,hasers that ,Ati . . in many in- \ stances the ,_ , weird garments fetched mot' e than their original price i Many of _ them, it is interesting .-f ' ', / 14 to note, were i bought by l\fdme. Coquelin /. ,L , , igA for her nephew • ~iliii / , i and will thus 'I 1' • find their way back into the MARQUIS OF ANGLESEY. Possession of the

original owner. The wardrobe in detail consisted of 2:47 suits, 362 fancy waistcoats, 100 overcoats, 61 lounge suits, 73 smoking suits, 8 kilts, 453 ties, 142 pairs of boots and slippers, 150 pairs of pyjamas, 278 Pairs of gloves, 29 bath-gowns, and 82 •dressing gowns. Many of these were most outre in cut and colour, and all were of the ,finest Quality. Probably the height of folly Was reached in the black. silk shirts ,to be Worn with a white dress suit ! A dozen of these went very cheap for ios.. Eight .ladies' bathing costumes were amongst .the !noidental items, and there were some Magnificent fur coats. With the wardrobe ended this famous sale, which has fortunately realised a considerable sum for the creditors. shortly the plate and jewellery will be sold "1 London. The latest remark about the karquis of Anglesey is that he is soon to

return from tke Continent to take up his residence in England, and is looking out for a house suitable to his present income:

DEATH OP DEAN HOLE.

Universal regret will be expressed by the death of the venerable Dean Hole, who passed away at Rochester in his eighty-fifth year. He had enjoyed remarkably good health until about the commencement of the present year, and his stay at Ramsgate—his favourite seaside resort—at Easter did no good, and he returned to Rochester in a _ _

ierious condition, suffering from heart trouble and dropsy. Afterwards he rallied wonder- fully, and when Mr. Chamberlain visited Rochester the Dean was able to receive the ex-Colonial Secretary in a bath chair and accompany him round the deanery grounds. The Very Rev. Samuel Reynolds Hole, D.D., Dean of Rochester, was the head of one of the old county families of England, and was born in 1819, at Caunton Manor, Notts. As an ecclesiastic, a preacher, a platform orator, a rose-grower, an advocate for hunting and all true sports, he was one of the best-known and most popular Church dignitaries of the day, and made hosts of friends amongst all classes, both at home and in America. nx many years, at each succeeding Lent, he delivered a course of midday addresses at St. Paul's Cathedral, attracting thousands to hear him. His affection and respect for working men was shown not only in his addresses to them, but in a hymn which he wrote to be sung at special services, begin- ning, "Sons of Labour dear to Jesus." He wrote also a "Hymn for Children," and a "Hymn for Time of War " ; and when Queen Victoria died he wrote a funeral hymn, "God rest our Queen," which was set to music by Mr. Bertram Luard Selby, or- ganist of Rochester Cathedral. He had had

DEAN HOLE. considerable experience of missions, ana dignitary of the Chlirch ever gained, the affection and " the confidence of "nil sorts and conditions of men" more thoroughly than did the late Dean Hole. His relations with the citizens of Rochester were always of the most kindly character, and in May, 1901, an address of congratulation was adopted for presentation on the fortieth anniversary of his wedding day, the hope being added that the Dean and Mrs. Hole might long be spared in health and happiness to dwell among them. The late Dean's only son is Mr. Samuel Hugh Francklin Hole, barrister- at-law, who served as a lieutenant with the City Imperial Volunteers in South Africa, where he greatly distinguished himself at Zoutpan's Drift.

......._-_. ., k.r -,------,, r I /1/44:17,4kA. _ . . , -,. '•. • ,-...--. ~., -.r45," •-• .', /, / .. '. win • , ,--- 4,24,,, • , ..e..., "" i, 7 , I N.,....................:. -,--r---,...----- GENERAL FL'KUSIIIMA.

--..„ ... (j I ~ = i, . ) MR. A. T. L Cr%

.--;) „lot. .41 _ ,

/

.41....ez1en5..411#51.1"4"\ itee,....... -...___ ".„.. ....... / . t 1-lasirl PIN. , 1 , ---‘' 1,....- • / . . , __A•eralliii,,,- -, .N, N.ZitN • ~.. ~ ~.‘, ~.,....,.....,,,,,...........................__ ..';...".?::- \...,_____/J- -.\ • -''''''..."`.......... THE LAT' ",

===== 0002601_19040903_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FATHER OF THE BAR.

Despite the proverbial atmosphere of the Law Courts, barristers are by no means a short-lived race. Indeed, to become a judge in itself is synonymous with having passed middle age, and the head of the Bench, Lord Halsbury, is just unon eighty years of age. Mit even he

cannot claim to be the Father of the Bar, Bar, nor can Lord Brampton, - who in a few days will be c:::----- . - ) eighty - seven. This honour be- longs to Mr. itif Arthurßurrows, who last week celebrated hi s - ninety - second birthday, an d 414 until a few 1

months ago was a familiar figure

in and about

Old Square, MR. ARTHUR BURROW'S.

where lie had his chambers.

He was caned to the bar at Lincoln's Inn M November, 1836, several months before the late Queen Victoria's accession, and for sixty- seven years he carried on a conveyancing practice at the Chancery Bar. His earliest link with his profession dates back even further, as he entered as a legal student at Lincoln s Inn in 1830. Mr. Burrows is five years senior in the matter of call to Lord Gr'mthorpe, who is doyen of the King's Coonsel, and Lord Macnaughten, who is Senior Lord of Appeal in Ordinary, was only born in the year that Mr. Burrows entered at Lincoln's Inn ! Of the other leaders of the legal profession, nearly all could in point of age have been Mr. Burrows' sons, and many his grandsons. The Lord Chief Justice was not born until six years after Mr. Burrows was called, and the Master of the Rolls was not called till Mr. Burrows was fifty-five. It is a splendid record of longevity and the Father of the Bar carries the good wishes of the whole of his profession with him.

THE MIKADO AND EX-LORD MAYOR OF LONDON. The decorating of Sir Marcus Samuel, ex- Lord Mayor of London, by the Emperor of Japan with the order of Knight Commander of the Rising Sun, recalls the fact that in no sphere of life do decorations come So easily as to Lord Ma* London. There ars generals in the Army, and ad- mirals in the Navy, who have not •a .single jewel with which to relieve the undecorated ex- panse of chest, while genera- tions of peers of the realm die unadorned. But - with the Lord Mayors it is dif- :II! Ad) ferent, and if there is not a "././ts,.• coronation. or a \ /\ _ visit from a Con- . tinental mon- - arch to bring them orders, SIR MARCUS SAMUEL, BART there are other means by which orders may be secured. Besides his new Japanese decora- . tion, which is a macvniticent gold and white enamel eight-pointed star with a large ruby in the centre representing the rising sun, surmounted by the leaf and flower of the kin i tree, Sir Marcus is on great civic occasions the wearer of the Ordef of Leopold and the decoration of a grand officer ot the Legion of Honour. The Leopold Order was received by Sir Marcus from the King of the Belgians, when the Lord Mayor went in state to Brussels and took his world-famed Jehu with him in order to keep green the Continental conception of John Bull. The order which Sir, Marcus received on the occasion is the handsomest gift of King Leopold, and it is not impossible that Sir Marcus's ambiiion. to survey himself in this gem of gems .may have fired on a score of occasions by watching its fascinating glitter upon the form of the present Lord Mayor, Sir James Ritchie, who received this same decoration during a trip to Bcussels in the year of his shrievalty • _ .

~'-'

;0 Q4l 7 -

,

===== 0002601_19040903_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE most pleasant form of entertainment during Summer J. is the Garden Party, with its charming amusements o Lawn Tennis, Croquet, Badminton, and Lawn Bowls, every requisite for which is made in its greatest perfection by the famous manufacturers. GEO. G. Busezif & Co. Ask local Sports Outfitters for their Catalogue. If not procurable, apply to 36 & 38 Queen Victoria it., London. Factories— Peckham, London :"and Elmswell. Suffolk.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRING TO N V. SALE.--Played at Sale on Saturday and resulted in a draw. Score : WIRRINGTON. SALE. Lynes lbw b Cookson ... 57 Ward c Podm ore b B. Silcock b Hartley ... 34 Thewlis 0 W. H. Podmore c Ward Greenbalgh c Richard- b Cookson Callon c Greenbalgh J. W. Slate b Thewlis 2 b W. Battersby i. W. Bibby c sub. b J. Cookson c Richard- Cookson A. Thewlis not out V. Richardson c Cook-

son bW. Battersby ... 6 T. Houghton b W.

Battersby 0 W. Hind not out 3 Extras

Total (inus.closed) 170 Total (for 5 wkts) ...121 WARRINGTON V. SALE (2ND ELEVON.)—These teams met at Arpley on Saturday. Score:—

WARRINGTON. - SALE. L. R.Connor b Thornber 0 P Artingstall b Denton 13 RPierpoint lbw bßylance 0 J. C. Makinson c J Thompson b Artingstall 73 Bennett b Thompson 15 E. Pierpoint b Rylance 21 R P Rylance b Denton 13 A. Duckworth c James b D. Davies b Thompson 17 Rylance 9 R. James bD. Plinston 26 S. Denton c Thornber b W Thornber c Bennett . 40

James 0

b E. Pierpoint

===== 0002601_19040903_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
C. D, Bromley b Rylance 0 R. E. Stritten b D. D. Plinston run out

J. Shaw not out 3 A. G. Hayes b Denton 0 F. Plinston c Luke b A. Axon not out 25 Artingstall W. Bennett b Rylance b Duckworth Extras ll Extras

Total 126 Total 165 MOORE AND DARESRURY V. WALKER'S BREWERY.— Played on Saturday. Score :

MOORE AND DARESBURY. WALKER'S BREWERY. F. Foster b Ashton

S. Taylor c Messeter b T. Taylor Allen ll W. Ashton c Allen bS. - _

C. B Allen b Ashtqn 3 Taylor lO Rev. F. Clifton Smith b H. Cook c Allen b S E. Allen lO Taylor 3 H. Taylor bT. Allen 0 J. Cain bS. Taylor lO C. L. t vans bE. Allen... 3 J. Arber b Allen J. Smith o Ashton b E. T. Allen c H. Taylor b Allen l4 Allen J. Knight c Cook bAshton 3 G. Newton b Allen 1 R. Newall run out 2 J. Lloyd not out 6 C. Kilshaw bE. Allen ... 0 J. Darton not out G. Gandy not out did not bat Extras

Total 62 Total CROSFIELD'S V. STRETTON AND APPLETON.—PIayed at Arpley on Saturday. Score : CROSFIELD'S. STRETTON AND APPLETON. T. Atherton hit wkt 3 A. Jones run out W. Spensley b Ellison ... 1 J.T.Hatton b Whitfield 4 J.Dargan c and b McKay 10 Fairhurst b Whitfield 0 T. H. Ford c Ellison b - A. Johnson _b - Dargan 2

McKay 0 J.R.l4loorfield bDarian , 4 E. Unsworth b McKay l2 Ellison b Dugan T. Whitfield b Ellison ... 4 F. Hatton b Atherton 3 T. Dixon b McKay J. Dutton run out 0 Atherton G. Gough not out l7 T.Norbury b Whitfield 0 W. Corlett b Ellison 3 McKay b Whitfield ... 0 H. Newell o Jones b C. Smith not out Ellison - Extras

Total 5B

Total

===== 0002601_19040903_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. The following are the results of Saturday's matches FEARNHEAD. LIBERAL CLUB. W. Hughes lO C H. Shaw P. Croft T. Smith W. Turner T. Boyd John Weston •• • l5 T. Lowe 4 W. Andrews l2 A. Greenhalgh l5 Joseph Weston J. Roberts James Andrews 6 R. Marrow C. Roberts W. Bowering

152 113 Majority for Fearnhead, 21. . BROOKL ANDS. CEMETERY. W. Savage l2 J. Allison l5 J. Stockton l2 W Swanton l5 G. Brooks 6 T. Bolton l5 J. Millington T. Randles W. Stevenson W. Jones R.Healey 4 T Ellison l5 T. Rigby J. Randles R. Jefferson T. Brooks 7 G. Ball

Majority for Cemetery 49. POLICE AT BOWLS.

On Tuesdayafternoeu, a bowling main took place at the Longford Hotel between teams representing the Police forces of Warrington and St. Helens. Consider- able interest was taken in the fixture, for although the Police of the two boroughs are old :rivals at cricket, Tuesday was the first occasion on which they opposed each other at bowls, although in the ranks of both forces are included some very enthusiastic bowlers. The result of the contest was avery decided victory for the local men in blue, the figures being : Warrington, 186; St. Helens, 137. After play the two teams sat down to a substantial tea, purveyed in a highly satis- factory manner by .the landlord of the Longford Hotel, Mr. Joseph Horlock. A splendid feeling of comrade- ship prevailed, and the St. Helens men went home thoroughly pleased with their day's outing.

WARRINGTON POLICE. ST. HELENS POLICE. S. D. S. D. Inspector Phillips ... 15 ID P.C. Singleton cap 7 1 7 P.S. Barlow (Capt.) 15) P.S. Smalls lO I P.S. Bell P.C. Cooper P.C. Sankey l5) 12 P.C. Gregson P.C. Dawson l5l P.C. ,Disley 11 1 13 P.C. BarkerB 1 P.C. Lewis Det. Meacock Mr. Powys (singles) 15 Mr. Holt (singles) 13

, 137 55 . 93 40 Totals IBG Total 133 Majority for Warrington Police, 53. _

===== 0002601_19040903_art0033.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
J.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STORY OF A GREAT DISCOVERY.

How it Affects Warrington.

Ancient Greece will always be remembered for the fine types of manhood supplied by the heroes of her battlefields and the athletes of her arenas. Still more will these heroes and athletes themselves be remem- bered for the custom they bequeathed to later ages of healing sore and injured places on their bodies by the external application of some secret balm or salve. Th Greek charioteers did not emerge from their mad races without some severe bruise or gaping wound; and to anoint each injury carefully with their favourite balm was an indispensable part of the day's programme. The old Roman heroes, too, who were injured by the wild beasts in the now ruined Colosseum of Rome, had to adopt similar methods of he.ging. If we travel back to the days of the Bible—where we read of the wonderful virtue of the balm of Gilead—we find that this external " rubbing "has prevailed right from the earliest times, and the only explanation of its survival, amidst so i many changes n science, seems to lie in the fact that :the external use of salves and balms is dictated to us by Nature herself. Our own instinct tells us to rub a part that hurts: and in Zarn-buk the ideal substance to apply to an injured or diseased surface is universally believed to have been found at last. We owe its discovery to the researches of an eminent chemist, who recognised the deficiencies of existing preparations such as oint- ments, salves, liniments, and embrocations. It isa well known fact that these old-fashioned preparations are not only Imperfect in their action, but they frequently contain quantities of rancid animal fat and mineral pro- duets of a harmful nature. In the belief that, as ature had given to men the instinct to rub, she must surely have secreted somewhere the proper substances to rub with, the great chemist made a search for them amongst the rarest medicinal herbs growing beyond the borders of civilization.

All available knowledge was gleaned about these plants; and it was discovered how some of them could be made to yield gums and juices possessing healing, soothing, and antiseptic properties of a wonderful order. Costly experiments were made with mixtures or blend- ings of these juices, and at last a combination with astonishing powers as a healer and antiseptic was secured. To this unique preparation the name of Yam- buk was given, and this is the great healer which is to-day generally regarded as a household necessity.Ziam- buk has fulfilled the expectations of its discoverer, and many medical men to-day freely, extol its merits. It possesses a wide range of usefulness, being especially recommended for cuts, bruises, burns, scalds, sprains, stiffness, weak ankles, swol,lftn joints, bad legs, blind and bleeding piles, running sores, eczema, ulcers, pimples, boils, rash, raw chapped hands, scalp irritation, sore heads, barber's rash, raw chin after shaving, insect-bites, nettle-stings, sore throat and chest, sore and aching feet, chilblains, cold sores, festering sores, poisoned wounds, and other diseased, injured, and inflamed or irritated conditions of the skin. 'tubbed well into the parts affected, Zam-buk gives great relief from neuralgia, toothache, sciatica, lumbago, rheumatism, chest and back pains, and colds. A box may be obtained of any chemist for one-and-three-half-pence, or two-and-nine for a large family size (which contains nearly four times the quantity in the one-and-three-halfpenny); or post free for the same price direct from the Zam-buk co., Red- cross-street, London, E.C. A free sample box may be had by sending a Id. stamp to the Zam-buk provincial depot, Greek-street, Leeds, and mentioning this paper. Every home in Warrington needs it.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
PIANO-PLAYING FOR SEVENTEEN HOURS,

William Frost, pianist at a Hull public-house, sat down before a piano at six a.m. on Wednesday with the intention of trying to establish a record for continuous playing. A Bradford man recently played for twelve hours without a cessation. Frost's ambition was to keep at the instrument until eleven p.m., making seven- teen hours. He succeeded in his object, never stopping throughout the day. While taking refreshments he played with the left hand. At the finish he was ex- hausted, and his bands were much swollen.

A plague of wasps prevails in the southern part of Lincolnshire. and the fruit crops are suffering severely from their ravages. Plums are not over plentiful this year,but the hint is being so badly damaged that some g rowers are gathering the crops before they are ripe, so hat they can put them on the market in a saleable ndition.

In order that any player may judge for him- self how difficult it is to hit a ball without im- parting any side to it, let him try the following experiment:—

Place a ball on the centre of the D line and hit it straight up the table (so that it travels over the centre, pyramid and billiard spots) with sufficient strength to cause it to return to baulk. If the ball be hit truly in the centre it will return over exactly the same line by which it travelled up the table, but if hit ever so slightly to the right of the centre it will return .to the right of the starting point, and to the left of this point if hit slightly to the left, and a, player is striking a very true ball if he can re- peatedly bring it back to within two or three inches of the starting. point. The ordinary player will find that more often than not ha will be six or eight inches and sometimes a foot iiide of the mark. There can be no better prac- tice for true hitting than this playing a ball up and down the table, and the stroke should be varied by occasionally hitting the ball with plenty—'of strergth. The faster the- stroke be played the more difficult does it become to strike the ball truly, and often when one thinks he has hit the ball pretty well in the centre, it will cross the baulk line on its return journey half a yard or more wide of its starting point, thus conclusively proving that in striking hard the ball was hit quite differently from what was intended.

Side is simply rotation or spiii on a ball, and the more side a ball carries the faster will it spin. When a side-laden ball is travelling fast the spin is not so noricealle to the eye as when the ball is travelling slowly, but this is simply because a quickly moving ball cannot be kept under close observation. A trial of the follow- ing little experiment will, however, clearly de- monstrate to the eye how quickly a fast travel. ling ball may be rotating with side.

. . , " . \ . , . ." i t, . \ « . , . . , . , . . . . 1 . .: , . s_ .. , z._ ,8 _,...:: .

===== 0002601_19040903_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Fla .4,2* 1, 'NT I .

LCOPYRIGIITA

===== 0002601_19040903_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
DIAGRAM 2.

Attach a small piece of paper to a ball in such a way that it projects from the surface of the ball as shown in Diagram 2 (this can be done by simply wetting the paper.) Place the ball on the table with the paper projecting exactly half-way up, and at the side of the- ball. If the ball be now struck on either side, the paper will show in a very marked manner the rotation of the ball: If, however, the ball be hit in the centre the paper will show forward rotation only.

In more than one book on billiards it has been stated that more side can be imparted to a ball by a slow stroke than by a fast one. This is, however, quite incorrect, for the cleaner and harder a hall be struck with side the more spin is there communicated to the ball, but the same amount of spin on a ball is much more effective in altering the angle'of reflection from a cushion when the ball is travelling slowly or at only a moderate pace than when it is travelling very fast. This is, however, simply owing to the yielding nature of rubber cushions. When a ball strikes a cushion with any force the rubber gets compressed, and the ball is momentarily more or less imbedded in the cushion, and the tendency of this is always to diminish the angle of reflection, and thus reduce in a greater or less degree the effect of the side or spin on the ball. When the cushions are very yielding this alteration in the angle of reflection is very marked indeed, and the full effect of side can only be obtained when the ball is travelling slowly.

When side has been imparted to a ball it is retained -by the ball until the friction of the cloth and the check that every contact with a cushion has on the spin wears it away. As a rule side wears off a ball before it stops travel- ling, but often when a ball laden with side hits another ball full in the face, or nearly so, it will rotate round a vertical axis long after it has ceased moving along the cloth. The explanation being that the full impact has taken practically all the momentum out of the ball, and thus the side or spin is given full play. As a rule the better the player, the more side can he impart to a ball. Novices generally miss- cue when attempting to put on a lot of side. and the reason they ao so is that they try to hit the cue ball too much on the edge. To hit a ball on its extreme edge without miss-cueing is an im- possibility, and novice& should never attempt to hit a ball very near tlte edge. Many poor players, on the other hand, though taking their aim at the extreme edge of the ball,- and even sometimes .with seven-eighths of the diameter of the tip 13.?.y0nd the ball, change their aim at the actual moment of striking, and hit their ball on a part very little removed from the centre, and are afterwards surprised to find how little side has been imparted to the ball. The poor player, therefore, when playing with side, should always :take care to hit his ball where he intends to, but should not attempt to plant his cue on the extreine edge of the ball. Those who have closely watched professional players may often have noticed how much side these players can impart to their ball without striking it very close to the edge. This is very noticeable in gentle strokes in a top-of-the-table break. The reason that a good player can impart so much side to his ball when playing a gentle stroke is because the cue bail, hit quite gently, is struck with a clean crisp stroke. A ball struck in this manner will have more spin imparted to it than if hit with a stroke which is a modified kind of a push.

• The strokes shown on diagrams 3 and 4 are good practice strokes for the ordinary player who wishes to increase the amount of side ,he can im- part to a ball, and for a better player are a test of how much side he can -give a ball. If two

the ball on to the bottom cushion a foot away from the corner pocket can give a ball as much side as is required for most strokes. Of course, in trying this test stroke different cushions will give different results; though the difference will never be very great provided that the cushions are in decent condition. Care must-, however, be taken not to play the stroke with more than sufficient strength to bring the ball across the table, otherwise the full effect of the side will not be obtained owing to the ball being, as pre- viously explained, more or less pressed into the rubber through striking the side cushion full in the face. This fact should always be borne in mind when playing to disturb a tall or balls in baulk. Such a stroke is generally played with plenty of pace, and when so played more side must be imparted to the cue ball (to obtain the same effect) in order to counterbalance the squarer throw-off of a fast ball.

DIA.GRAM 4.

Two examples of check side destroying the angle ,1 reflection.

In practising the strokes shown on Diagram 4, the cue ball should at first be aimed at a point high up on the side cushion, and after being thrown from this cushion on to the top cushion, •the check side (right hand side in A stroke) will bring the ball back to the side cushion. Every time that the stroke is successful, the side cushion should be struck at a point farther and farther away from the top pocket until a point is reached lower down than which the player is always unsuccessful. This prac- tice stioke is a fine test bel2ween two players to decide which one can give most side to a ball. As a matter of fact, it is possible on many tables to strike the side cushion only just above the centre pocket and still. bring the ball back to the side cushion above the centre pocket as shown by B stroke on the diagram.

'C

\‘ ,A / \ I \ j,

===== 0002601_19040903_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
players of about ennal ability match themselves one against the other the trials can be raade very interesting.

In Diagram 3, if a ball Placed at' the right extremity of the D be played on to the side cushion just a shade out of baulk (as when giling a miss in baulk at the beginning of a game) witl! sufficient strength to bring it acve.ss the table again, plenty of side on :he ball (right band side in the diagram) may cause the ball to enter the baulk pocket. With still more side the ball can be made to strike the bottom cushion 10 or 12 inches away from the pocket, as Shown on the diagram, and with extreme side it is possible to make the ball strike the cushion at a point only a few inches away from the centre of the cushion, and this without 'uplifting the butt of the, cue and massing the ball. Only a very good player, ho‘k ever. can impart sufficient side to a ball to cause it to strike the cushion so near its centre,' and any player who can bring

DIAGRAM Z.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ty u: out Of b oLly

===== 0002601_19040903_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Leans of extreme side, a bal. te aulk can be made to strike the baulk cushiom short distance from its centre.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
(To be Continued.)

Mr. Riso Levi will be pleased to answer in these columns 411 questions relative to the article appearing weekly, and as far as possible any questions on other points in connection with the game of Billiards. Envelopes should be marked " Billiards."

===== 0002601_19040903_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

St. Peter's Church, Woolston.

The annual charity sermons were preached in St. Peter's Churn, Wodston, on Sunday, and there were large congregations. The preacher at the morning service was the Rev. J. Lowe, rector of the Mission. In the afternoon the Rev. Father Magrath from St. Marl's, Latchford, took for his text the words of St. Paul "By the grace of God I am what I am, and His grace in me bath not been void." The Rector thanked all those who had helped to make the services such a success.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Organ Recital at Walton.

At Walton Church on Sunday afternoon an organ recital in aid of the funds of the village library was given by Mr. T. Burgess Lane, organist of Darwen Parish Church and for ten years organist at Walton. A vocal solo," 0 Divine Redeemer," was rendered by is Houghton, in the place of Mrs. Darwall, who was unable to be present. The programme consisted of the follow- ing items which were all submitted in a highly credit- able manner :—Prelude in E flat (H. Smart); organ con- certo in B flat (Handel) ; "The Question," "The "Answer" (Wolstenholmo) ; Toccato in G " (Dubois) "Allegro Pomposo " (Vincent), (a), Melodie (Rubinstein), (b), " Salut ..I.'Amour " (Eiger) Triumphal March." (Callaerts).

===== 0002601_19040903_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
The Open-Air lervicas at 11111 Otte.

At Hill Cliffe on Sunday evening, the last of the. series of evening open-air services was held. The weather was favourable and a good congregation gathered under the spreading branches of the big tree and in the lane. The Pastor (the Rev. j. S: Hughes) preached, taking as his theme "Prodigals." He ex- plained the three types of prodigals as given in Scrip- ture, and showed prodigals in their relation to the home, to society, and to God, revealing the cause of prodigality to be extravagance-Textravagant extravagant living, and those leading to embezzlements gambling, artificial living, and frauds, suicides and murders. Special hymns were sung, Mr. James Strange presiding at the organ. The summer has been so genial thtt m.)re gatherings have been held during this season than since these services were commenced in 1899.

Baptist C hurch, Golborne-street. The preacher for the day on Sunday last was the Rev. J. Wright,of Glazebury. The church was well filled in the evening when he preached from the text, " For whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.'. (Gil. 6.7.) As in the physical world the reaping corres ponied to the sowing and was governed by the laws o I nature, so also in the realm of speech. of thought, o in oral aui spiritual action,in the buildin g up of chamcte and the shaping of destiny there was no such thing as accident Or eh Ltr..ite. Tae pre Lcher explained that his text had n3t only a persontl and individual application he would. widen its scope and say that the reaping was as the sowing in regard also to-a community, a nation oi an age. thbylon, Rome,Venice, Constantinople—all showed this ta be the case, and their history was

===== 0002601_19040903_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19040903_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
PSORIASIS AND ECZEMA

Milk Crust, Scalled Head, ' Tetter, Ringworm and Pimples

COMPLETE TREATMENT, 45,9 d.

For Torturing, Disfiguring Humours, - From Pimples to Scrofula, From Infancy to Age.

The agonizing itching and burning of the skin, as in eczema; the frightful scaling, as in psoriasis; the loss of hair and crusting of the scalp, as in scalled head; the facial disfigurement, as in pimples and ringworm; the awful suf- fering of infants, and anxiety of worn- out parents, as in milk crust, tetter and , salt rheum —all demand a remedy of almost superhuman virtues to success- fully cope with them. That Cuticura Soap, Ointment and Pills are such stands proven beyond all doubt. No statement is made regarding them that is not justified by the strongest evi- dence. The purity and sweetness, the power to afford immediate relief, the certainty of speedy and permanent cure, the absolute safety and great economy have made them the standard skin cures and humour remedies of the civilized world.

Complete treatment for every humour, consisting of Cuticura Soap to cleanse the skin, Cuticura Ointment to heal the skin, and Cuticura Resolvent Pills to cool and cleanse the blood may now be had for 4s. 9d. A single set is often sufficient to cure the most torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning and scaly humours, eczemas, rashes and irrita- tions, from infancy to age, when all else fails.

Sold throughout the world. Cutieura Resolvent. 2:. 64, (In form of Chocolate Coated 1111 s. Is. ad. per vial of 80) Ointment. 2.4. fxf., Soap, Is. Depots : London. 27 Charter- house Sq.; Paris, 5 Rue de la Pea; Boston. 137 Columbian Lye. Potter Drug & Chain. Corp., Sole Proprietors. llET*Send for " How to Cure Every Humour."

briefly touched upon. The strength of Eng land indeed of any nation, was not to be measured by her army or her navy, but was to be found in the purity and manhood of her sons and in thevirtue of her daughters. He had no hesitation in saying that the weakness and paralysis of our nation, and also largely of our industry, was due to the attitude the nation had assumed during the last decade or two towardssome important, matters. It was not only a, fact that a man reaped something but there was a close and inseparable connection between the sowing and the reaping. As an illustration of this the preacher took the case of Pharoah, who issued the cruel edict that all the male children of the Israelites should be destroyed and then raped the death of the firstborn among the Egyptians. Jacobalso reaped the fruit of his deception of his aged father, when in later years he was deceived by his own sons. It was quite true that God forgave our sins and put them behind His back for ever, but it was nevertheless true that we reaped th enatural result of our sin. There was,however,another side to the text, which should give encouragement to Christian men and. women who work and make their sacrifices for Christ.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Departure of the Rev. W. C. J. Neville.

Presentations from Padgate and Latchford Wesleyans.

After three years' work in the Warrington Wesleyan circuit the Rev. W. C. J. Neville left this town on Thursday to enter upon his duties in the Green Hill circuit, Derby. During his stay in Warrington, Mr. Neville has made a large circle of friends, who, while regretting his departure, will wish him everyisuccess in his new sphere. The rev, gentleman will be suc- ceeded here by the Rev. Joseph Manning, of King-street circuit, Green Hill, who arrived in War- rington yesterday and will preach at Penketh Church to-morrow (Sunday), morning and evening. Fitting reference to Mr. Neville's departure was made at Pa,dgate Church on Sunday evening on the con- clusion of the memorial service to the late Mr. Edwin Richardson. Short speeches were delivered by Mr. William Bennett and Mr. Fred Wright, who paid a tribute to the valuable and raithful services Mr. Neville had rendered to Methodism. It was stated that as a mark of esteem, Mr. Neville had been privately presented with a purse of gold subscribed by the congregation. Mr. Neville thanked the friends for their kindness to him during the past three years, and expressed the pleasure it had afforded him to work in the circuit. He had never met with more appreciative people than those living at Padgate. Alluding to the presentation, he said he found that the list of sub- scribers containedj the names of 110 people, rich and poor, old and young. He was pleased to leave the church in a prosperous condition, and he was especially glad to know that so many young people sc ere connected with the guild and other organizations. The hymn "God be with you till we meet again," was sung at the close of the service. Mr. Neville has had special charge of the work at -Padrate and Latchford, and it is pleasing to learn that under his care, progress has been made. A debt of £3OO has been cleared off the Latchford Church trust, and the members are hoping that before long a schoolroom will be erected To show their appreciation of Mr. Neville's work, the members of the Latchford Wesley Guild presented him with a Swan fountain pen with gold bands. Had it not been for the lack of 11,,commodation the guild work at Latchford, in which Mr. Neville has taken great interest would no doubt have been still more extensive and. successful. The Rev. Joseph Manning has been for the last three years in Derby, and has travelled nine years. Before going to Derby he spent three years at Sheffield and two at Beccles, his first appointment from college.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, ;

===== 0002601_19040903_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
9'

4t

; ; , : ;

a

tt ktic

===== 0002601_19040903_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Eht "o,:amtner oents

rig WARRINGTON AND MID-CERSHIRR RtaxtMt." published every Saturds— morning. T" ELRLR3TOWN ATO ND iSTFetc'N AMINER , published every Friday afternoon. aE "Sr. EIBLEsis published every L Friday afternoon. T" " RUNCORN EZAILINICR,". published every Friday afternoon. T" " `VIDNRS EXAMIIIM" published every Friday afternoon. pR w,P II AP 4RTMENTS WANT RD APARTNIRNTO TO LET ARTICLES LOST ARTICLES FOUND

ADVFARTISP:NI ENT HOUSES WASCI ED HOUSES TO BE SOLD MISCELLINEGUSWAT MISCELLANEOUS SALES

Bomt qtit gotrbant4, ttr.

WANTBD. stood GENBRAL or Plain Cook; housemaid kept.—Mrs. FITzBROwN, Shirty. Hunt's Cross.

WANTED. experienced 9ENBRAL SERVANT ; good wages.—Apply 18. Wlxm ARLEIGH ST.. Warrington.

WANTED Respectable, Trustworthy GENRRAL,—AppIy Mrs. AITI Railway Hotel. Parbold, near Southport.

WANTED STRONG GIRL as kitcheornaid ; good refer- ences ; £l2.—Apply Mrs. WILLS, Chapel-en-le- Fritb, Derbyshire. .

AATANDID GItoiBUELL, exparienced ; good plain cooking family three ; good reference.—Mrs. H., 21, Newton rd., Ashton-on-Ribble, Preston. ' _

MSS. BROWN'S First Class SHE VANTS BUIASA.U. 350 Blackburn rd.. Accrington. Wanted Servante every capadity. Ladies suited daily.

- - WANTS]) GIINBRAL for small family; able to do plain cooking. No washing, Re.erences required.-37. YORE RD.. Birkdale, Southport.

WANTED September 26th,000K-GENBRAL and House- maid-Waitress ; family two,—Hrs. HOGER.ON, The Buogalow,St. Annes-on-the-Sea.

VI ANTED COOK .and HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS for September.—Apoly by letter, Miss OSTLER, Pens- twat, Harrop Road, Hale, Cheshire.

WAN ruEs HoUsishlAlD ; Churchwoman; small family; parlourmaid kept.—Address Mn. BDwaßne, "The Vicarage. Bangor, North Wales.

ANT ANTED. GENERAL SERVANT. or domesticated Girl, V no washing ; small family ; comfortable hom«.-15, PARLIAMENT ST., Bury, Lancashire.

WARTED GREIBRAL SIiItVA.NT ; two in family; no washing. Country, £l6.—Write tc Mrs. SKENE, Dalton Vicarage, Parbold. Southport.

IVANTED, for HOTELS. WAITRESSES, Cooks, Kitchen- maids, Housemaid-Waitresses, and 40 Generals, to alt.—Mrs. PRESTON'S Registry. Blackpool.

WANTS% thoroughly experienced 000K-GBNERAL ; •email family; none kept.--Mrs. HUMBER, Myers- cough House, St. Anne, Road 8., St. Annes.

WAISTED, GENREAL SECELVI.NT, able to cook and wash; family three ; good reference regnired.--Apply PETERP, grocer, Chapel at., Leigh, Lancashire.

WANTBD good plain COOK.able to hake ; two in family; parlourmaid and housemaid kept.—Apply Mrs, GEORGE KESSLER, Birshnook, Conglfton. Cheshire.

WANTED. at onne,;two respectable, strong GENERALS for Children's Home; Plotestants ; 25 to 30 ;no washing.—Ev letter. MATRON. Victoria Home, Formby.

-- WANTRO. COOK-GERNERkt and HOUSSaItAID- WAITIO=S for September 20; four in family; woman to wash.—Mrs. FARRINGTOW, Notthenden, Manchester.

MRS. READ Require' superior SERVANTS, every capacity; good, reliable places, town and country, Estab. 24 years.—SELECT REGISTRY. Rusholme, Manchester.

WANTED, about 8 eptember 13th, two GENERALS, one as Housemaid in Boys' School St. Anne-on-Sea; eook kept.-Mrs.7olllfBolf,l Remenharn Terrace,Henley-on-Thames,

A LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or town,public and private.—Call or write Miss HARRISON'S only office). 6,oldham street, :Winchester. Established 1862.

CO OKS WANTBD £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress £lB to £22. Generals £lB to £2O. Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other office. —W rite to HARRISON'S E, Oldham street. Manchester.

WANTED. good PLAIN COOK, end of September. Churchwoman, age about 30. Baking. Three ladies. .: Three servants. Good references requ!red.—Mrs. LEDWARD, tr rlymyard Manor. Bastham. Cheshire.

ALL CLASSES OF SITUATIONS. private and public good homes. excellent wages; places in town.conntry and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street. Manchester.

AVASTBD good COOK GBREIRAL for small family. housemaid and nurse kept ; girl from country pre- ferred; must be Protestant and have good references. Good 'wages for thoroughly trnstworthy and obliging girl.—Mrs. MA•IIBDEN, Beechwood. Aughton, Ormskirk.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
UlanteD.

WANTED, a DAIRY of Well-ecyoled MlLK.—Apply H. ATKINSON, 60, Wheatland lane, Seacombe.

QUNLIGHT or LIPRBUOY TOPS WANTHD ; 11(1. doz. C 7 Cash by return.—SmlTß'9 SToßzs Dwiham, BseeK.

AMPS Wanted ; all kinds ; English and Foreign used or IInused.—MAUNDER. 211. Kingston rd.. Wimbledon.

QTAMPS.—About luoo Old Stamps. What offers ?—Box 2C03, WEBB, 333, High et,. Manor Park. Loadon

XTESTLICS—MiIk Labielt. 3d. per dozen given ; club by return.—J. HETS. 14, Coleridge et., Blackburn.

t GRN cs._....xnergetio Agent. W4ntee to canva.s 'bops.— .111. Write' MERCIMILE 303 High Holborn. London.

107 ANTED SUNLIGHT and LIFRBUGY WRAPPRRs V lid. per dozen. G. wara.t., 80. MI!! Rd-Cambridge WANTBD kind Lady to ADOPT BABY GIRL as her own; no premium given.—F. HuGuEa, 55, Tunnel rd.. lidgehill, Liverpool.

WANTBD Strong Respectable YOUTH to look after pony and make himself useful ; live in,--Apply G. BOSLLY Pork Butcher, Crewe.

WANTED, one or two Dairies of MILK, to start October or earlier; prompt payments.—DEaft, Dairyman, Hightown, Manchester.

WANTED, Energetic AGENTS. with horse and cart, to sell Nadin's First-class Patent Fuel.—Write SAGAR: 150, Bold Street. Accrington.

HOME WORK.—Making up Paper Packats ; 106. upwards weekly --Okddressed eave'ope, HAwKoa.aa CHEMICAL Co., Foabar Paisley.

DuriL TRACHER required, on half terms; high-class 1- Girls School ; music and other exams. ;la nguages great advantages.—CLlMNOß COLLEGE, Kenilworth.

GENTI Wanted for Wizard, king of knife cleaners ; _IL reqnired in every home; good commigaion• Sampli, Vd.—SNow. Cutlery Merchant. Glenfield. Leicester.

MILECTRICIA.N seeka re-engagement. charge of private Installatic)n. care mai repairs motors. good references ; age 29; married.—FouNTAPv. 'T lehurst. Forest row. Sussex

TAMPd.—WitntPu 2d. blue 1810, without white linea. VI go:A iipPelmens only,ietterei DB . DG.. IL.. JA., JB., JD., LP.. LG.. LL., NE., PJ.—H. EARL, lindelitfe House, Stockton-cu-lees.

g) WEEKLY. Persons Want.d everywhere for address- ing envelopes, etc. ; particulars addressed envelope. —Nlcitom.s, (Dept. G.), 10, Featherstone Buildings, London. W.C.

A 1.7GH1 ON Parochial ichool (Mixed Department).— la. ASSISTANT MISTRRSS 'Art. 50); salary according to scale.—Apply CORESPONDENT. Parochial School, Aughten. Ormskit k.

AGENTS WANTED everywhere for three absolutely NEM NOVELTIES for the Incandescent Trade; splendid profits ; particulars free.—Address, NOVKLTIES DEPARTME2iT vv.11., 91. Pershore street, Birmingham.

A DOPTlON.—Mnrried couple (childless) desire to ADOPT CHILD of good birth R. their own with premium ; good home and prospects; highest references given. 35, Elizabeth road, Upton Park, Essex.

13111ARTNURSHIP.— Smart young KAN with funds required _l_ by Liverpool Manufacturing and Comrniseion firm. Good salary and one third of profits. Applicants p'eise stAte amount of money available.—HAßDY, 49, White- chapel, Liverpool.

-VOUNG MAti SHICKi 1311PLOYvIENT as Under - Gardener. Single handed, or willing to take charge of Garden and Pony but no driving. Splendid icharacter distance no abject —Apply WILLIAM JoNE:9, Moss Farm, Cottages, Winnington. Cheshire.

re .0 (It to £l,OOO Wanted to take over mineral leases in Ireland ; partnership or loan as finance.—Safe business on loan ; will pay good quarterly interest.—For particulars write Box No. 1935, CO Sbarrow k Thatcher, West st., Cambridge Circus. London. W.C.

FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOCKS, &c., BOUGHT FuR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT, OR ADVANuItS MADE. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGR FOR INSPECTION. HARTLEY AND CO.. 12, MOSS-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
13oultrp, egg, rtr.

QBVICRAL Pairs voung CHINESH MOS. white or 1,3 brown ; extraordinary layPrs : handsome birds ; 7s. 6d. eacla.—HEeronn, Langley Hall. Macclesfield.

MIOWL CORN. 7.6 d. 10s 6d, 12 61. 2401 be ; Pie Food. 7s 6d r and Poultry Meal. 88. and lea., per 2001bs.—RocHE AND Co., 15, Goree piazzas, Liverpool. Mention paper. c

I OS. SANDS,Preeder of Rxhibition and Utility POULTRY *1 has a few Cockerels,Hens and Pullets. Buff Orpington". Andalusians. Barred Rocks and White Leghorn'. Cockerels from ss. each ; Pullets and Ilene from 3e. 6cl.—Piusz GilißßN. Warn, tialopi

B AY.—ALDERBoar Bac:came. Direct Importers. 25. Braseuose road. Liverpool.

I QRU.—Barber's Que'rite.beet pain destroyer known,lsli d 1 Chemists. is 2-Id.—BARBERII Que'rite. Hereford.

ULECTRIC Pocket lamps, powerful light, post free _LA Is.6d• ; agents wanted.—Lsmn, Purbrook, Hants.

SILK.—Full Dress Length. handsome Silk, pleiged ; 'seri- lice voucher 55.—FRY, 66, Jeffreys rd., Clapham.

HOW to turn £3oo's into £l,ooo's in a term of years;non. speculative; either sex.—PROFIT, 148, Old-st 8.0

TNVENTOIIS.—Write or call for our Price List. Adv,. free.—DEwtrz, MORRIS. & 00., 7, Hiv Place, London

IUHEIIHOLD VILLA Sites, lovely, healthy positions. main .JU road, £25 ; Cottage Sites, £B.—ILEs, lisdlaam. Herts.

T &WY'S Silver Watch, second-hand, good condition, going _I-1 order; sacrifice. ss. 9d.— RAYNER, 148, Old at. London.

11)ROFITABLH Hint for fancy workers, 30.—Miss IF 1 WILL!. Hazle Dane. Haywards Road. Cheltenham.

rro LET.—HOUSE and SHOP, Parker at.—Apply WOODS AND SON, olicitors, Horsernarket at., Warrington.

ROUSH TO BB LBT.—Beech Bank, Crow-lane, Newt le-Willows ; semi detached ; containing two ent . a p taining rooms, two kitchens &c ; five bedrooms. bath lavatery, and w.c. ; goon garden, lawn, and outbuildi 4.8 pleasantly situated; rent £42.—K9y by appointment, 0 ;PFX 138, Wargrave Road, Newton-le-Willows.

A CCOUCHMIisT Patients received; terms moderate.— NURSE. 35. Milkwood road. Loughborough Junction

DLACKPCOL.—Mrs. WHITEHEAD and Miss HasTwELL,S9 LP Albert rd.; 2 mini. from Central Station and sea; piano.

Fr° BE LET, at FARKHOOSE, two sitting-rooms and 1 three Bedrooms.—RAßY, Goosnargb Lodge. nr Preston.

12XPERIBNCED Male and Female NURSES at a EA moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES INsTtru- noN, Hope House, Hopo-street, Liverpool. Telephone 257^ RUM. Telegraphic Address" Nurses."

===== 0002601_19040903_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 3, 1904.

doee not concern Ireland alone. The rest

of the United Kingdom sutlers from the overwork of Parliament. We want devolution pretty badly in this country, and it is equally needed in Wales and Scotland. Mr. LLOYD- GEORGE has sketched a plan for making the Welsh National Council the centre of a new and extended local administration in Wales. Nobody has yet discovered that the Welsh National Council is a " thinly-disguised " instrument for "separation." It is significant that the "Times " takes no heed of the case for devolution in Great Britain,although it harks back to Lord RANDOLPH CHuRcHrLL's declaration for " equality, similarity, and simul- taneity " in the local governing institutions of the whole kingdom. This, we are told, summed up the "British system of local government, with the acquiescence of the Unionist party as a whole." The Unionists were so far from acquiescing that they put off the extension of British local government to Ireland for ten years. But the point now is that if we should see fit to amplify that system for ourselves on the lines of devolu- tion,it will be impossible to deny the same reform to the Irish. Clearly the Times does not re- lish this application of " equality, similarity, and simultaneity." It will be no easy matter to make out that local business in England, Scotland, and \Vales is in a perfectly satistactory state, and that only politicians of no consequence desire any change anywhere. The bulk of the Irish Unionists may agree with the " Times " rather than with Lord DUNRAVEN but they are the men who denounced the local government scheme which commanded the "acquiescence of the Cnionist party as a whole." An extension of that scheme may not satisfy the Nationalists. They have not met Lord DUNRAVEN'S overtures with the ardour of politicians on the look-out for "thinly-disguised Home Rule of the Gladstonian pattern. But the real question is whether the programme of the Irish Reform Association will make for the growth of public spirit in Ireland as distinguished from party spirit. If so, it is a very hopeful sign.

There are signs of an RUSSIAN" DIPLOMACY. accommodating

spirit at St. Peters- burg in regard to the question of neutral shipping. " Mr. BALFOUR'S last speech," says the" Novosti," proves that the conclusion of an agreement would be easy in view of the pacific dispositions of the two Governments." A joint commission repre- senting the Russian Foreign Office and Admiralty is to be" held immediately," under the presidency ot Professor MARTENS, and " the result will pro - ably be known before the end of the week." If Professor MARTENS could p3rsuade the Russian Admiralty to act in accord with Count LAMS- DORFF'S department, we might feel a little more confidence in Russia's pacific disposition. But it is not exactly encouraging to learn that the British and American views "re- garding the distinction betweeh conditional and absolute contraband have been long under con- sideration both at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Marine." The case of the Smolensk was also considered by both departments with mature deliberation, and yet the assurances given to us by Count LAMSDORFF are still unknown to the commander of that cruiser. Just about the time when we were told that her "special com- mission" had "expired," she must have been in- structed by the Ministry of Marine to leave the Red Sea and resume her commission in Sonth African waters. There is even more method in her second adventure than in the first, for, as the military critic of the "Times " points out, she is much more advantageously placed for meddling with our sea-borne commerce to the Far East than she was before. We have to remember this when we read the smooth words of the " Novosti," and especially when we note that "Russia has the right to ask that British trade with Japan should not be of an exclusively contra- band character." This indicates that fixed idea which will continue to be the chief obstacle to our agreement unless Professor MARTENS and his Commission can remove it. It is the idea that everything in a British ship must be absolute contraband. This assumption greatly simplifies the work of the Priz3 Court at Vladi- vostock, where the German steamer Arabia was released when a small portion of her cargo had been confiscated, although the same liberal treat- ment is denied to British vessels. Moreover, the owners of the German Thea appear to have been compensated for the destruction of their ship; hut we have not yet heard of any compensation to the owners of the British Knight Commander. I It has been contended that Russia has not departed from the principle of even-handed con- fiscation in her dealings with contraband. She has seized more British ships than German ships, because there are more British ships to seize. This is true ; but there is another consideration, which is rather disquieting. The German liners bought by Russia to act as craiisers, with that per- fectly legitimate authority which the Smolensk does not possess, are beginning to assert themselves on the ocean highways. Is it likely that they will impartially harass German shipping ? Toe great trading companies from which they were purchased have intimate relations with the German Government, and it seems im- probable that the German Government would sanction the sale of ships to be usei for injuring German commerce. This may have something to do with the readiness of German shipowaers to take risks from which British shipowners shrink, I and with the difference between the German and British rates of insurance on freights to the Far East.C3rtainly it is by no means safe to assume that all these points have not neat] sattled by a diplo- matic arrangement between Germany and Russia. The KAISER is likely to be much better acquainted than the British Government with the aims of the Russian Ministry of Marine. It is significant that I the Peking correspondent of the " Times," writing as far back as J uly 14th, foresaw that the Russian warships, sallying from Port Arthur, would have as their objective not Vladivostock, but the Ger- man port of Kiau-chau. It was well known in China that they were " bound for Kiau-chati harbour there to be dismantled to escape falling into the, hands of the Japanese." To suppose that what actually happened was not carefully pre-arranged between St. Petersburg and Berlin is to suppose that every Foreign Office in the world is as dilatory and short-sighted as our own. It is not the practice of Germany to do anybody a good turn without an equivalent; and we may perceive some signs of the equivalent :in the present case in the action of the converted German liners under the Russian naval ensign, and in the vagaries of the Prize Court of Vladivostock. At all events, the need of vigilance in the protection of British com- merce grows more rather than less acute with the progress of the war.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
g'ate 5 bp Zuttion.

BY MESSRS. THOMAS SUTTON AND SONS.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
As Parliament is THE NEW IRISH admittedly overwhelmed MOVE NIENT with business with which it cannot cope, there is nothing surprising in the fact that certain Irish Unionists have discovered the necessity of extend- ing the principle of "devolution." Lord DUNEAVEN and his colleagues have made this the basis of the new political body, to which they give the name of the Irish Reform Association. They maintain that devolution, "while avoiding matters of Imperial concern, and subjects of common interest to the kingdom as a whole, would be beneficial to Ireland, and would relieve the Imperial Parliament of a mass of business with which it cannot now deal satisfactorily, and which occupies its time to the detriment of much more important concerns." This very moderate and reasonable statement has thrown some organs of Unionist opinion into a fever of alarm. Lord DtiNRAVEN is severely lectured by the "Times " for his apostasy. "What this policy amounts to is. nothing more nor less than the revival, in a slightly weakened and thinly disguised form, of Mr. GLADSTONE'S fatal enterprise of 1886 under cover of an extension of local self-government." Lord DUNRIVEN and his friends are further told that they are not persons of any consequence, and that the great body of Unionists will repudiate their proposals. But the " Times," with a slight inconsistency, remembers they are pretty much the same people who brought about the Land Conference, which was the prelude to Mr. WYNDHA M'S new Land Purchase Act. Our contemporary did not like that policy either; -)ut it was carried out all the same. There is an evident uneasiness lest its original authors, despite their personal insignificance, should set going another movement which will have moment- ous consequences. Lord DUNRAV EN and his friends have certainly no desire to meddle with the Union, or to do anything towards the creation of an Irish Parliament. But they are dissatisfied with the administration of Ireland from Dublin Castle, especially in regard to finance; and they think that a decentralised system would manage it better. And they believe that the co-operation of Irish business men for this purpose can be effected with- out prejudicing what they regard as the Unionist case.

in principle this opinion becomes all the more reasonable when we consider that it

===== 0002601_19040903_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19040903_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
The Mectical Officer's reference in his annual re- port to the unpaved streets and passages has not only had the effect of drawing public attention to the backwardness of this class of work, but it has resulted in a counter-blast from the Borough Surveyor, who has also reported on the same sub- pet, presumably at the request of the Paving and Sewerage Committee. Mr. Longdin questions the Medical Officer's figures and alludes to 16 passages and streets which had been done so far back as eight years, 27 ditto whica are mentioned twice over, and 8 which "can- not be found." Perhaps the latter have slowly sunk out of sight during the wet seasons which have been experienced in recent years. The doctor's figures are, however, not materi- ally affected by Mr. Longdin's revision—which still leaves about 300 streets and passages requiring attention. A good deal evidently depends on the point of view in this matter of street paving. The Borough Sur- veyor says that " during the past ten years no less than 13 miles of streets and passages have been paved," and that "only 6 miles remain to be done." Tne Committee is there- fore some six miles in arrears,—a pretty severe handicap we should think. Basing our calculation on Mr. Longdin's own information it will take the Committee nearly 5 years to cover these six miles, and by the end of that period there will be a few more miles of streets and passages requiring atten- tions. It hardly seems as clear to us as it does to the Borough Sarvey-)r that "the department has made every endeavour to keep pace with the rapid building operations that have taken place within the Borough."

There are worse fates to endure than that which falls to the lunatic, especially if he be fortunate enough to be sent to Winwick Asylum. A mem- ber of the Chorley Board of Guardians visited the institution just beyond o•ir borders last week, and was much impressed by the splendours which were revealed. "There was a piano there which must have cost over £100" he said, while a fellow member remarked : " the Empress ball- room is not in it with the entertainment room." No wonder the "Daily News" suggests that the BlacApool trippers should take the place of the insane, being better able to appreciate the glories of the asylum. What with the improvements in modern asylums, workhouses, and prisons it hardly seems a matter for much congratulation if one is sound mentally, morally and physically. Lunatics, tramps and gaol-birds may with reason smile in a superior way at the hardworking, honest man who worries himself into a premature grave with striv- ing to support them and make ends meet.

There were one or two interesting points raised at an otherwise dull meeting of the Education Committee on. Monday evening. For the first time in the history of the committee there. was some approach to a clashing of denominational interests. Seven schools have been "passed "by the Inspector as suitable for the traEning of pupil teachers, and as only one of the seven is on- denominational, the Nonconformists on the committee lost no time in raising a protest against the apparent injustice. Any sectarian disagreement was deprecated on all hands, and an amendment that the matter be referred back in order that the circumstances might be brought to the notice of the Inspector found almost unanim- ous acceptance. What promised to be a religious difficulty was therefore avoided for the time being, and we hope when the next recommendation is made by the inspector it will be more in conform- ity with the just claims of the Nonconformists, who are able to claim a majority of the school- children in the town. There is such an amicable understanding between the members of the Com- mittee that we have no fear of any serious diffi- culty or dispute arising.

The accommodation question was again before the committee, and it is likely to remain a stumbling block to educationallprogress for some time to come. Years upon years of a hand-to-mouth policy have resulted in a state of things which occasions much anxiety. The increase in the number of children eligible for school is as steady as the recurrence of the seasons, while accommodation remains almost at a standstill. In desperation tke School Attend - ance Commitlee has urged once more that tem- porary accommodation—in iron buildings if neces- sary—be at once provided, and the Education Committee has accepted the recommendation. Whether they will act upon it remains to be seen. Sites for new schools are already before the Board of Education awaiting their approval, and many members are inclined to stake all on the rapid erection of the new buildings. But if it will be two years before even one of the new schools is built then the question of tem- porary accommodation ought not to be shelved. Either make-shift structures must be proceeded with at once or some other means devised immediately for relieving the con- gestion in theschools and preventing the forfeiture of the Go vernment grants. A threatened authority —like a threatened man—may live a long time, but it would be the height of folly for the com- mittee toltry the patience of the Education Depart- ment too far. Let us see some practical steps to meet the difficulty taken at once. The combined wisdom of so enlightened and erudite a committee ought to be equal to the occasion.

Mr. A. J. Jolley raised a peculiar point in regard to the maintenance of two local children in the Manchester schools for the deaf and dumb. The School .tittenaance Committee has fixed 2s. per month as the amount of the parental contribution in one of the cases, and here Mr. JoHay falls foul of the committee. In his view, they are usurping the office of the Poor Law Guardians in taking a child off the hands of its parents at so low a figure. Mr. Jolley may be quite right or. the question of principle, but the committee has to fix so me ratio of:maintenance upon the parents, and the specific sum must of necessity be dependent largely upon the ability of the parents to pay. Would Mr. Jolley really have the School Attendance Committee charge an amount commensurate with the actual cost of maintenance whether the parents could afford to pay or not? It appears to us that the result would eventually be the same so far as the ratepayers are concerned—they would have to pay —and it does not much matter whether they pay through the poor rate or the education rate. In this:particular :case the father of the child earns 18s. a week and has a wife and family of seven to maintain out of this munificent wage. How he will find the extra 6d, a week in cash for his child at Manchester puz.z/es us as much as it will probably puzzle him. We should rather like Mr. Jolley to suggest what course the School Attendance Committee should, in his view, really have taken in this particular instance.

Halifax is one of the towns where there is a

ye-law, as in Warrington, directed against the efacing of shop fronts, public buildings and t he like by the striking of matches thereon. In the Yorkshire town the police seem more active than in Warrington and are -attempting the almost hopeless taEk of bringing to book the offenders under this particular bye-law. There was a case the other lay in which a person was summoned fo damaging the south wall of. the Halifar Town Hall to the extent or a penny by striking a match thereon. The defendant challenged the " police to prove the damage and as the prosecuting constable was unable to identify the defendant's scratch from the thou- sands of others the case failed. There is a "tip " here for both police and public, but the latter will find it easier to profit therefrom than the former. How the diligent P.C. is to find a means of identifying the scratch even when he has seen it scratched is a problem for the police. If he chalked it round he would double the damage, ' and if he put a brother officer on guard while he instituted proceedings the authorities would have to double the force and see to the maintenance of the officer on the watch. Is might be cheaper to let the public strike its matches where it wills.

Stockton Heat a newly formed sanitary com- mittee has lose n. time in getting; to work,and the outcome of the oiirst meeting is a request to the District Council to appoint an additional sanitary inspector. At first glance this may seem a rather large order, and no doubt the District Council

===== 0002601_19040903_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
will be disposed to hesitate at creating a nv„TV office for the benefit of a particular locality- Tile circumstances, however, appear to justify Stoctou Heath's claims. Of late years the parish has Wide rapid strides, and the duties devolving upon the sanitary officials have correspondingly increased. The Runcorn Rural District embraces a large areal and, as one of the members put it, the inspector cannot always be at Stockton Heath. It is nacos; sary that the parish should receive the fn. attention which a large and growing distrl.ll c; demands, and we hope the District Council Wi view the committee's request in a favourable light.

Since the country will not have conscription, there is tact in asking how much that is valuah.le in that direction it is prepared to acceptb report of the Inter-Departmental Committee oil Pnysical Deterioration, raises a cognate subject' In the "Independent," Mr. J. B. Atkins seeks to inculcate a greater regard for physical culture as a civic and patriotic duty. His survey ranges, from the feeding of infants to the taxation ei ground values, and from free food for needy school children to diluted military drill in secondarY schools. Municipalities must abate the smoke nuisance, provide open spaces, and eliminate slums. There should be compulsory drill in elementary schools on a scientific bisis, beginning with proper breathing, and adapting physical training to all tie functions of generous and sound education. This, it is admitted, the new course of the Educattoh Department already aims to secure. Play- grounds must be provided where no OW grounds exist, and a Gaines Committee should come into touch with local clubs to secure the use of grounds and the help of members for the reasonable provision of sports tor the young. Ali, this of course will tend to the manufacture 01 better material for the legions of war as well as those of peace ; and here the War Office is invited to regard the movement with complacency and sympathy. Finally, a co-ordinating State Depart- ment is necessary, with a Health Minister at its head, into whose purview should come other local public health concerns. Mr. Atkin's proposals cover a wide area, and though they may not he, adopted in their entirety, they contain plenty el good features which will commend them to every judicious student.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Index to Inside Pages. PAGE.

2. Women's Chat and Fashions. "Jessica's Caprice " by Clara Mullholland. Runcorn and Widnes. 3. Events of the Week (Illustrated). Cricket and Bowling Billiards: "The Strokes of the Game." The Wonders of Yosemite. Our Local Churches. 6. A Girton Girl "byJ. M. Beckett. Motor Notes. Police News. Penketh News. 7. The St. Helens Tragedy. An Epoch-making Ship. Mystery at Earlestown. Sports at Croft.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. To-morrow morning the pulpit at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church will be occupied by the Rev. 11' Wilkins Rees. The subject of his discourse will be "Knowing God in the stillness." As this is Mr- Rees's only Sunday morning appointment at Bewser road for some time it is hoped that there will be 0' large attendance. The Sunday School Anniversary will be celebratea at Latchford Baptist Church to-morrow. The 106'stil:-.. (Rev. J. F. Matthews) will preach morning and eve, ing and there will be anthems by the choir. In tL' afternoon a young people's service will be held, PI: sided over by Mr. S. Albinson. Councillor Broug' will be the speaker. The first meeting of the new half-year in connection with Wycliffe P.S.A. Society will be held to-morrow afternoon. Mr. B. Farrar will preside and the speaker will be the Rev. John Davies. Solos will be renderect by Mr. R. Wood.

H. M. Aswrox's LIFE TONIC is the KING 00 TONICS. I 63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.--.Advt.

A Br ave Leigh Man. At Leigh Police Court on Thursday the presidi9g magistrates presented the Royal Humane Society certificate for bravery to George Hamlett WileocksouP of Plank-lane, for a rescue from the canal. Wilcock' son, whilst in South Africa, rescued a comrade fro3l rowning in the Madder River.

Warrington P.S.A. Mr. Holland presided at the weekly meeting held ill the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on SundaY" *aster T. Barton rendered two violin solos in a pleas,: ing way, " Morceaux de Salon" and " Berceuse, being accompanied on the piano. by Master T. Pearce; Mr. T. Dale gave an address on the text: " Behold set before thee a blessing and a curse."

LADIES BEST GLA.CK BOOTS and SHOW, USD33 the CLOCK, BRID GE-STREET.—AdAs

Music in the Park.

The League of the Cross Prize Band, under co nductorship of Mr. T. Hynes, will occupy the stil in the Park on Sunday next and play the follosco programme :—Hymn, "Evening," arr. by T. Hylle9 march," Unique," J. H. White; selection, " Gems Operatic Melody," Round ; fantasia, " Robin flood, Round ; selection," Bohemian Girl," Balfe ; "Hours of Beauty," Round; "God save the King' Fatal Fall at the Workhouse.

- - The circumstances attending the death of Willi. 3ecT Flannagan, an inmate of the Workhouse, were incrur into by Mr. Coroner Brighouse and a jury on Tuesdal evening. The evidence showed that deceased peeling potatoes at the Workhouse, when he becao" faint and fell, fracturing his left thigh. He died °II Saturday evening, the immediate cause being diarrW; Dr. Braide, the medical officer at the Workhouse hr., expressed the opinion that death was accelerated eY the fracture.—A verdict of "Accidental death" returned.

Death o f an Old Warringtonlan. Mr. John Appleton, formerly a well-known inh tant of Warrington, and latterly residing at 29, Sea; bank-road, Egremont died last week in his 58th The deceased gentleman, who was a large proper',76 owner in this town, left Warrington about ten yell@ ago for Egremont and lived there in retirement. ,e was respected by a large circle of friends and tue news of his death was received with regret. rrha funeral took place in St. Thomas's Cliurchyvx Stockton Heath, on Tuesday, the • Rev. H. V. Pic. officiating. The mourners present were Messrs. ) Picton and Thomas Cart wright (brothers-hl-13,W-1 Thomas Jones (son-in-law), John Appleton (nephe"e Kay and Cowdell (executors), W. J. Forshaw tor), and Miller. Deceased leaves a widow and 011° daughter. FIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. OA-I/ LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger' 51, 53, and 55' Bridge-street,Warringion.—Advt.

A Drowning Mystery. Early on Monday morning the body of Eawt Boyle (21), general labourer, 56, Lord .I.Celson-strV was recovered from the Mersey at Howley. ; quest was conducted at the Police Station on Tues-i,' eyenino. by Mr. S. Brighouse.—Thomas 833"-d° deceased's father,stated that on Monday, August 223, r deceased left the house at 5.30 in the morning Messrs. Rylands' Brothers' works where he was, IT; ploved. He was in the best of health and He-did not arrive at the works and nothing was of him until his body was recovered from the on Monday. Deceased was a quiet young man,,an-0 had never threatened to take his life. "Ile trouble that witness knew of.—P.C. Bennett spol"-eks recovering the body, and said there were no 323%p of violence. Deceased was fully dressed and biscof was in his hand.—The jury returned a verdict " Found drowned."

BEST BOOTS I'OR ALL.-UNDER THE CLOCK..—Aact. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S lvf (NM" WATERS.—Advt.

SUGAR J* DEARER,—Adyt.

NT fr

........

11 be : is gr- Dvreer be a'

ebratea poor I Oren- la the 1, pre' BrOagilt

iectioo Lorroif peaker nderect

esiding >ciety's )cksons ilcock- foil'

held ,unday• pleaga; cease, E'earce- ?hold

er e stani" [lowing lynes ;eras ot glO good; ;

iquiLv- ,uesdaY a Ivo veal° lied °II irrlo3; se, 123' ated 131 vra,o

9, Sea" th Yeat. err rop!0 a yeer fie it. Ind the t. TT chro ' in-lesc." .phevie '(solier Lad en°

Edvrod, i_stre.ew, An, lueSlOlk7 • Boyle. it 22114 ling for rag Co spi- •rits• , s hear gersocri Ulf all had 11° pokot° rttar'„ his cal act 0

===== 0002601_19040903_art0061.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„

===== 0002601_19040903_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4S L in

Ci P 3 93

===== 0002601_19040903_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
-Personal. The civic duties at the Liverpool Town Hall have his week been performed by Alderman Burgess, who acting as Deputy' Lord Mayor in the absence of the Lord Mayor. Alderman Burgess was formerly a member of the Warrington Town Council. BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Wesleyan Circuit Charges. It is estimated tha i',20,000 is the cost of this week's removals of Wesleyan ministers. One is going from Cornwall to Aberdeenshire and another from Cornwall to the Shetland Isles. UNDER the CLOCK for GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. The Oxford Local Examinations. At the recent Oxford Local Examinations, the following pupils of the Misses Williams, The Priory School, were successful :—Senior ca ndidates, first division, E. Cole, D. M. C. Smith; preliminary can- didates, first division, D. M. Hall; second division, D. Roberts.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASa qEMAL WATERS.—AdVt. Bankruptcy Court. At the Warrington Bankruptcy Court yesterday, before Mr. Registrar Ridgway, John William Bower, butcher, 116, Buttermarket-street, Warrington, and Charles Watson, butcher, Runcorn, appeared for their examinations in bankruptcy. A. memorandum giving the causes of failure was signed by the bankrupts, and the examinations were closed.

Culcheth Scholars' Treat. The scholars attending the Risley Presbyterian Schools had their annual treat and field day on Sat- urday. Assembling at the school they marched in procession to a field kindly lent by Mr. Joseph Taylor, where various games were indulged in, all returning:, to school about four o'clock for tea. The ladies assist- ing at the tables, were Misses. Whiteman, Henshaw, Snailham and Hindley. The evening was spent in the field where sports, in which the scholars competed for prizes, were held. Each scholar was afterwards pre- sented with a bar, of nuts and sweets. SUGAR KEEPS DEAR.—Advt.

Funeral of Mrs. Litton. At noon on Monday the remains of the late Mrs. Litton, The Uplands, Moore, were interred in Grappenhall Churchyard, in the presence of many sorrowing relatives and friends. The Rev. F. Clifton Smith, vicar of Daresbary, officiated. The choir was in attendance, and Mr. Fry, organist of Christ Church, Latchford, presided at the organ. Many beautiful wreaths were forwarded. With one exception all the members of the family were present. FOR CLA.SS AND CHDIA. of every description try , 3. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street. Warrington.—Advt. Lancashire Pauperism. The return of Mr. Jenner-Fust, one of the inspectors of the Local Government Board, of the number of paupers relieved in Lancashire on the Ist February. 1904, shows that the total number of indoor paupers relieved in Lancashire was 37,219, and the outdoor 48,598, against averages of 32,782 and 42,883 for the Ist January, 1899-1903. The figures showing the number of indoor and outdoor paupers relieved on the Ist January this year in Lancashire Unions are as follows :—Ashton-under-Lyne, 2,878; Barrow-in-Fur- ness, 1,056; Barton-upon-Irwell, 1,227; Blackburn, 3,502 ; Bolton, 4,580; Burnley, 3,414; Bury, 3,022; Chorley, 968 • Chorlton, 7,130; Clitheroe, 492; The Fylde, 799; Ciarstang' 141; Haslingden, 1,278; Lan- caster, 732; Leigh, 1,379; Liverpool, 7,422 ; Lunesdale, 93; Manchester, 5,184; Oldham, 3,616; Ormskirk, 1,740 ;Prescot,3,2BB ; Preston, 1,896 ; Prestwich, 2,675; Rochdale, 2,652; Salford, 4,814 ' • Toxteth Park, 2,858; Mverston, 844; Warrington, 1,938 ; West Derby, 9,655; Wigan, 4,534. PUBLIC BENEFIT, TINDER the CLOCK for BEST TIOCTSin LANcAsHIRE.7—Ad'..

31444-Diiical-i- Local Works. An inquest was conducted at the Police Station on Tuesday evening hv Mr. S. Brighouse, County Coroner, touching the death- of Richard Dowes, aged 54, of 45, Gladstone-street who died with startling suddenness on Monday.—The evie.ence showed that deceased had worked as a wire drawer at Messrs. Greening and Co.'s works, Crown-street, for the past five years. On Monday he attended to his duties as usual, and as was his custom did not go home for dinner,but had it at the works. At 3.35 Thomas Wilson the engine driver, happened to go into the ;hop where the deceased was employed, and found him in a sitting position on the stool where he had sat whils the had dinner. Noticing that his appearance was strange, Wilson looked at him closely and found he was dead. Deceased's pipe was lying on the floor, as if it had dropped from his mouth whilst he had been having an after-dinner smoke. It was stated that for some months, deceased had been in a weakly state and appeared to have scarcely any life in him.— A verdict of "Death from natural causes " was returned.—Mr. E. Draper. solicitor, represented Messrs. Greening and Company.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
SUGAR is DEARER.—Advt.

Rev. A. F. White's Successor. The charge of St. George's Mission vacated by the Rev. A. F. White at the end of September, together with the curacy at the Parish Church, vacant at the same date has been offered to and accepted by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, M.A., of Keble College, Oxford, who has lately been working at St. John's Birkenhead. Mr. Ridpath.on leaving College had the advantage of a year's training ut Wells Theological College, under the Rev. Dr. Gibson, vicar of Leeds, since which time he has worked in two parishes in the Chester Diocese. He hopes to begin his duties in Warrington on the second Sunday in October. Tt KEEPS DE" A Dangerous Bathing Place.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
'-'- ' l - • . ~ \„. MiAllikliiL,,._

SUGAR KEEPS DEAR.—Advt.

Mr. H. Greenall (Warrington),coroner of the manor of Hale, held an inquest at the Childe of Hale Hotel, Bale, on Monday, touching the death of Thomas Mason a labourer, aged 18 years, living at the Dungeon Bale Cliff, who met his death by drowning whilst 'bathing in the Mersey on Sunday afternoon--John Hannon, Hale Cliff, said on Sunday he went to bathe With the deceased and they undressed and went into -the river. The deceased could swim a little. After swimming about 12 yards from the bank, witness -thought deceased was getting a bit tired and told him that he had better be getting near the shore. A com- panion named Edwin Store was with them. Witness _went swimming about, and when he saw .deceased last he was standing close by Store. Some littlfi time later they heard a shout, and found that deceased had disappeared. Witness dived repeatedly, but failed to -find the deceased. When the tide receded the deceased's body was left on the bank, about 50 yards away from the place where he had disappeared. The accident happened about 1.30, and the body was recovered about three hours later.—Thomas Joynson, lighthouse keeper, said he had examined the spot where deceased disappeared. There were marks on the mud as if be had slipped. The shore shelved rapidly there, and in about two yards deceased would have been overheal in the water. It was a very dangerous place to bathe. --A verdict of" Accidental drowning" was returned; H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63. SANKEY-STRRRT. Warrington.—Advt. Colonal Richardson's Retirement. Colonel Richardson, the officer commanding the Bth and 40th Regimental Districts whose headquarters are at Orford Barracks, has retiredi from the services. It is a comparatively short time since he took over the command at Orford in succession to Colonel Fitz- herbert, but he has gained many friends in the dis- trict. Colonel Richardson's connection with the troops o' the districts, including the militia and volunteer battalions of the• King's (Liverpool) and South Lancashire Regiments, has been a happy one. The fact of some of the volunteer battalions of the districts being in brigades not.under Colonel Richard- son's command necessarily limited his opportunities of supervising corps subject to his control as regi- mental district commander. Colonel Richardson commanded the Liverpool Brigade in camp at Conway this season, and at Lewaigue, Ramsey, last year. He also inspected the 6th V.B. and Bth Scottish V. 8., as also the Ist Cadet Battalion of the King's Liverpool Regiment specially. His health of late has not been satisfactory. His association with the Liverpool Volunteers has been of a pleasant character, and those Officially in contact with him always received courtesy 'and consideration. For an extended period, Colonel Aichardson commanded the South Lancashire Regi- rnent Under Mr. Arnold-Forster's scheme of army reorganization,the regimental depot system is intended to be concentrated, and several present depots will cease to exist. Probably no successor will be ap- pointed to the position Colonel Richardson vacates, -except, perhaps, as a temporary expedient. At present the Warrington Regimental Districts, as distinct from the double depot command, pass to the Major-General 'commandingthe North-Western district, at Chester.

SUGAR as ,DEARER.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Webster—Lingley.

A pretty wedding and one which aroused consider- able interest, took Place at St. Peter's Church on Tues- day, the contracting parties being Mr. Frederick Webster, the deputy organist at the church, and Miss Cissie Lingley, grand-daughter of Councillor John Roberts. A large congregation assembled, the bride and bridegroom being well known and esteemed in the parish. Miss Lingley has been if teacher at St. Peter's school and an active church worker, and Mr. Webster, in addition to acting as deputy-organist has discharged the duties of organist at the men's Sunday afternoon services. The church had been beautifully decorated for the occasion with plants and ferns sent by the Mayor (Alderman Bolton). The service was choral and included the well-known hymm "The voice that breathed o'er Eden." The Vicar (Rev. 13—Percival) officiated. Mr. P. Edgar (organist), and Mr. Smith played appropriate selections. The bride, who was given away by Councillor Roberts, was becomingly attired in beaver-coloured voile, trimmed with silk and lace to match, and wore a tulle hat trimmed with lace and autumn leaves. She carried a handsome bouquet of white lilies and orange blossom. She was attended by, two bridesmaids—Miss Webster (sister of the bride- groom) and Miss Nora Pemberton (cousin of the bride) Miss Webster wore a pretty dress of claret-coloured material trimmed with lace, with hat to match, and Miss Pemberton was attired in white silk. Their presents from the bridegroom were, respectively, a gold ring set with emeralds, opals and rubies, and a lace brooch. The bridegroom's gift to the bride was a silver- fitted dressing case, and the bride's present to the bride- groom was a diamond pin. Mr. Fred Yeomans acted as best man. The reception was held at the residence of Councillor Roberts and many guests attended. Among those present, in addition to Councillor Roberts and the bride and bridegroom, were Mrs. Linglev (the bride's mother), the Rev. B. and Mrs. Percival, Mr. and Mrs. T. Pemberton, Mr. and Mrs. John Cowdell, Mr. W. Kay, Mr. Thomas S. Steel, Mr. and Mrs. P. Edgar, Mr. Joseph Heron, Mr. and Mrs. Clayton, Mrs. Yeomans, Mrs. Burns, Mrs. Webster, Mr. and Mrs. H. Roberts, Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Thomas Roberts, Miss Bee, Mr. J. T. Boardman, and others. Congratulatory telegrams were received from the Rev. W. and Mrs. Bracecamp, and the Rev. D. R. and Mrs. James, who were unable to be present. Later in the day the newly-married couple departed for London and Brighton, where the honey- moon is being spent. The bride wore a green travelling costume with a cream hat._

The following is a list of the presents : Councillor John Roberts and Mrs. Lingley, dining- room suite and sideboard cloth Mr. and Mr. Ernest Clayton, toilet and trinket sets Mr. and Mrs. James Roberts (Worcester, U.S.A.), cheque Mr. and Mrs. T. Pemberton, silver cruet Master and the Misses Pemberton, silver preserve spoons Mr. and Mrs. Henry Roberts, copper kettle Miss Ruth Roberts, cut glass flower pots Mr. J. W. Roberts, Wedgewood china

Miss Nora Pemberton, mats and ornaments Mrs. Smith (Fennell-street) and Miss Edwards, fancy table centre Mr. Samuel Smith, pair of silk fans. Mr. Thomas Roberts (Crewe), silver fruit dish Mr. and Mrs. F. Webster, brass and !copper curb and fire set Mr. Peter Edgar, jun., and Miss Edith Webster, Chippendale drawing room table Mr.and Mrs. F. Moores, set of jugs Mr. and Mrs. C. Holden, set of fruit dishes Rev. B. and Mrs. Percival, tea service Teachers, managers and scholars of St. Peter's school, silver tea and coffee service Mr. Fred Yeomans and Miss Barlow,silver jam dish Rev. D. R. and Mrs. James, silverafternoon sugar and cream jugs Mr. Thomas S. Steel, biscuit barrel Mr. and Mrs. Peter Edgar, silver sugar basin and sifter • _ _ _

Staff of the St. Helens Cable Company, silver vases Mrs. Boardman, clothes brush Mr. and Mrs. John T. Boardman, silver sugar basin and sifter _ -

.._ ....... Mr. and Mrs. John Cowdell, silver jam dish -- - -- -

Miss silver jani dish Mr. Charles Higginbotham, cheque

Miss Gerrard, wine jugs Mr. and Mrs. Heron, copper brush and crumb tray Mrs. Thomas Locker, linen afternoon cloth Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Bamforth, butter dish Miss Marie Bamforth, silver cake knife.

, Mr. J. W. Kay, dinner service Mrs. Wilkinson (Orford-lane), fruit dishes Miss Boardman, brass fire screen Mrs. Burns (Urmston), brass flower vases Mr. and Mrs. Stanley, damask cloth

Miss Stanley, Japanese vase Mr. and Mrs. Reuben Iligham, damask cloth Miss Dolly and Master Bertie Plinston, cut glass flower vase with silver top

_ Mrs. Yeomans, copper crush and crumb tray Miss Nellie Shaw, blue silk head rest Mrs. Bloomfield, glass tumblers Miss Hilda Wilcocks, bread plate

The maid, tea pot and cream jug

===== 0002601_19040903_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
White—Wainwright.

The marriage was solemnized at St. Paul's Church, on Tuesday, in the presence of a large congregation, of Mr. John Ernest White, son of Mr. James White, Fern Bank, Manchester-road, and Miss Clara Inez Wainwright, second daughter of Mr. John Wainwright, Froghall House. Both parties are well known in Warrington, and numerous well-wishers assembled to witness the ceremony. The officiating clergy were the Revs. T. W. Barber and R. H. Bowen. The bride, who was given away by her father, was charmingly attired in a pale blue silk voile dress trimmed with rich lace, and a white felt hat. Her bouquet was composed of choice white roses. The bridegroom's gift to the bride was a gold brooch, and that of the bride to the bridegroom a diamond pin. The bridesmaids were Miss Kathleen Wainwright (sister of the bride) and Miss Kathleen White (sister-of the bridegroom), and they were attired in French muslin and carried bouquets of pale pink and white carnations. The bridegroom's presents to the bridesmaids were gold brooches. The duties of best man were discharged by Mr. Frank White. Mr. Ernest Wilkes presided at the organ and played suitable selections including Mendelssohn's Wedding March. There was a large attendance at the reception which was held at Froghall House, and the usual toasts were honoured. The company included the Revs. T. W. Barber and R. H. Bowen. The bride and bridegroom and the wedding guests were subsequently photographed by Mr. James Parkinson, of Egypt-street. During the afternoon Mr. and Mrs. White left for a tour in North Wales, the bride's travelling dress being a blue costume with hat to match. The following is a list of the presents : Mather of bride, household linen Father of bride, cheque • Mr. Joshua Wainwright, dinner service Miss Wainwright, glass Miss Kathleen Wainwright, breakfast service Mr. Jack Wainwright, table centre Mrs. White, case, of silver plate Mr. White, hall stand Miss K. White, oil-painting Mr. G. White, silver tea service Mr. F. White, wringing machine Miss Eaglesfield, tea service Mrs. Fred White, silver butter dish Mrs. Bowcock, down quilt Mr. and Mrs. E. Ankland, jun., toilet set Mr. and Mrs. H. Oollin, brass curb fire irons Mr. and Mrs W Leigh, table cloth

Mr. and Mrs. W.lDantieit, counterpane Miss Hudson, silver butter dish Mrs. Ashton, table cloth Mr. and Mrs. W. Gandy, carvers Mr. and Mrs. Berry, linen Mr. and Mrs. Hill. blankets Rev. W. and Mrs. Bracecamp, jardiniere Mrs. Warburton, d'oylays Mr. Bradburn (Manchester), oak table Miss Ankland, brass vase Miss Chantrey and Mr. J. Hampton (C'aasetown) poker worked overmantel Miss May Aukland, oil-painting Mr. and Mrs. J. Edwin Richardson, silver jam dish Miss Wood, embroidered pillow slips Miss F. M. Wood, linen Miss Westwell, carver cloth Miss Brown, tea cosy Mrs. Welsby, cushion cover Mr. J. Wainwright, silver spoons Mrs. Culm, trinket set Mrs. and Miss Rogers, table Mr. J. Warburton, gla-ss Misses L. and E. Rogers jardiniere and plant Mr. and Mrs. ingrain (Liverpool), silver cruet Mr. and Mrs. Fletcher, (Openshaw), cutlery Mr. A. Carter, (Carrington), coal vase Mr. A. Woods.bronze crumb brush and tray Mr. and Mrs. E. Aukland, sen., clock Mr. Taylor and family, table Miss Dannett, table cloth Miss Lucy Eddowes, thermometer Miss Mary Eddowes, pincushion Mrs. Dean, copper kettle Mrs. J. Smith, table cloth Miss Gittens, brass pans Miss Wheeler (Lymm), d'oyleys Mrs. A. Bowcock (Garston), silver salts and peia- perettes • Mrs. Howard and family, case of silver spoons Mr. and Mrs. G. Bowcock, case of cutlery Mr. J. and C. Smith, crumb tray and brush Miss Eaglesfield (Liverpool), two door mats Mrs. Whynne, glass jug Mrs. Wilkinson, set of dishes Mrs. Lindley, duchess set Mrs. Newton, silver jam dish Mrs. Harris, mahogany palm stand Mrs. J. Marsh, copper jug Mr. L. Aukland, hall brush and stand Miss Thompson, silver sugar sifter Mrs. Burton, silver jam spoon Mrs. Davies, hearthrug Mr. and Mrs. Sproule (Liscard), silver flower vases Miss D. Reid, tray cloth

===== 0002601_19040903_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 27, 1904

Mrs. Dawson, silver tea spoons Mr. and Mrs. Laughter', cushion cover Mr. H. Toft, bread for: Mr. A. B. Marsh, silver butter dish Mr. M. and P. Gaudy, pair of pictures Mr. and Mrs. Nichols, sugar tongs Mr. W. Leigh. set of jugs Mrs. Rawlinson, silver iani spoon Mrs. Hammersley,(l,Vigan),d'oyleys Mr. S. and Miss Florence Buwcock, silver preserve dish Miss Ingram (Liverpool), silver salts Jackson —Boon.

At Bold-street Wesleyan Church on Thursday, the marriage was solemnize of Mr. John William Jackson, eldest son of Mr. Peter Jackson, Liverpool-road, Sankey Bridges, and Miss Mary Hewitt Boon, youngest daughter of Mr. Frederick Boon, Wellfield-street. The Rev. G. H. Carnson officiated. The bride who was given away by her brother, Mr. Samuel Boon, was attended by two bridesmaids—Miss Clara Jackson (sister of the bride- groom) and Miss B. Boon (cousin of the bride.) Mr. P. Jackson acted as best man.

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.'

rington that was one of the subjects he was going to talk about. He was going to prove to them that during the last thirty years the Consevative Government had been practically the only temperance party in the cokuntry. (" Oh.") The next question was "Has the policy advocated by Mr. Chamberlain got the support of the whole Unionist party?" Mr. FEARNELEY : NO, it has not. A VOICE: YOU are asking us to support a party that is disunited. Mr. FEARNELLY: YOU never knew a party that was not.

A member of the audience interrupted with a re- mark about the Independent Labour party. Mr. FEARIsIELEY : The Independent Labour party is more split up than any party in the United Kingdom. Tell them I said so. _

A VOICE : Will our friend say that the cotton trade doesn't turn out more weight now than ever it did in its existence?

Mr. FEA.ENELEY No, he won't state that, because what you say is true. We have more spindles at work and quicker machinery; but how does that benefit you if you are being thrown out of work because of the facility of machinery? Numerous other questions were asked, one being "Did our Borough member vote against altering the law with reference to the Taff Vale decision? Mr. FEARNELEY ; I cannot tell you that. ("Oh.") A VOICE: How many members of the Conservative Labour party are trade unionists? Mr. FEARNELEY : I cannot tell you exactly, but roughly speaking I should say there are something like

3,70. " Another QUF:STIONER : Is a Conservative Labour candidate going to be put forward for us to support at Warrington.? Mr. FE ARNELE Y : I cannot tell you that. lam only a member of the National Conservative Labour party, and your local Conservative Labour party will deal with that matter. If they think proper they will nominate one, but I see no necessity for nominating one when you are going to have three good eladidates to choose from—good of a sort, two of them. Questioned in regard to Mr. Shackleton's Bill, Mr. Fearneley said: "The Conservative Labour party are bringing as much pressure to bear upon the present Government as they possibly can to bring forward Mr. Shackleton's Bill or its equivalent and to see that it is carried through definitely and clearly and without fail during the next session." He quoted a resolution to this effect which will be submitted at a conference of the Conservative Labour party. "What is there to stop the Chinese coming to Eng- land ?" was another query. Mr. FEARNELEY : Nothing. You won't pass a Bill to keep out of the country undesirable foreigners who are prepared to come and work at sweat( d labour to undersell you. A question submitted in writing was: "Who pays you for giving these answers ?" Mr. FEARNELE Y said he received nothing but his rail- way fare from Manchester which was paid by the local Conservative Labour party. The meeting which had lasted two hours and a half 4 concluded shortly afterwards.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIAL SERMONETTES FOR WORKING MEN.

•BY JOHN TAYLOR. Author of Search Lights oa Laud, Labour an.d Social Problems."

FLOGGING A DEAD HORSE. • ‘• 11-. Chamberlain opened his autumn campaign by addressing a meeting in the Duke of Portland's Riding School at Welbeck. lie addressed himself manfully to the task of bribing the agricultural classes into support of his proposals."—" Daily News."

The Protectionist wire-pullers from Birmingham know how to advertise themselves and their wares` They boast that they have any quantity of money behind them, and they spend it freely in organising big meet- ings And employing a big army of speakers,and scattering big heaps of leaflets, and picture cards, and pamphlets broadcast, to capture the men who never think for them- selves. They have undoubtedly made a splash or two in the country by their sensational and extravagant pranks, but the game can hardly be worth the candle. I.—THE MEETING AT WELBECK WAS A GOOD

===== 0002601_19040903_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMPLE OF THEIR METHODS.

It was held in a b room. It attracted a big crowd. It was patronized by big aristocrats. It had a big boom from the newspapers. And it was a big failure. The Duke of Portland's Riding School is the most unlikely place in the •world for any speaker to make himself heard. It is one hundred and twenty yards long. It is thirty-five yards wide. It is fifty-one feet high. It's glass roof is supported by fifty columns, that seriously interfere with its acoustic properties. The building is so large that it requires eight thousand jets of gas to illuminate it, and no man could make a speech that could be heard all over the place, unless he had leather lungs, and a voice like a fog-horn. Do you ask me what attracted the crowd? Well, the Dukeries are always popular. Men cheerfully pay a shilling each to see that wonderful riding school, and the beauties of Welbeck when Joseph is not there. On the day the meeting was held they got in for nothing, and had the pleasure of feasting their eyes on such big aristocrats as the Dukes of Portland, and Rutland, and Sutherland, and earls, and nobles, and titled lords and ladies by the score.

There were cheap trips from Birmingham and all the country round, bringing cheap trippers at ridiculously low fares, and hundreds of these strangers never paid a penny for their day's outing. Those who knew their way about could get free tickets for the railway journey, and free drives through the Dukeries, and free lunches, and free drinks into the bargain. These are some of the methods by which an audience of twelve thousand people was attracted to Joseph's feet that day, and any man can get a big audience if he will spend money enough to tempt the crowd. _

But the people did not go there to hear Joseph talk- ing about Protection and Retaliation. They went to see the beauties of the place, and to enjoy themselves, and have a high old spree at some other fellow's expense. lI.—JOSEPH'S SPEECH BEAT THE RECORD FOR RECKLESS ASSERTION AND COOL ASSUNIPTION.

He has said some wild and random things in his time, but his speech at Welbeck fairly takes the cake. He says that" the effect of Free Trade has been disastrous to labourers in this country." Now, I ask any man who knows the history of the last seventy or eighty years whether that statement is the sober truth or an impu- dent lie? Since 1850 labourers' wages have risen more than fifty per cent., and the chief 'necessaries of life, such as bread, tea, sugar, boots, and clothing, are fifty per cent. cheaper than they were half a century ago. So that Free Trade has raised the labourer's wages, and given him a great deal more for his monoy. If this is a "disaster," then I do not know the meaning of words. He tells us that if we tax the food and produce that come into this country "the foreigner will pay the tax." Let us examine this impudent statement for a moment. The Danes are sending us butter, bacon, eggs, and agricultural produce to the value of £10,000,000 worth every year. A five per cent. duty would yield half a million annually. Suppose we compelled the Danish trader to pay this duty. He would simply add five per cent. to the price of his produce, and be just as well off as he was before.

The trader who sold the goods would have to. charge a higher price to every purchaser, so the import duty would be passed on from the Dane to the consumer.

If this is not true why did Joseph exclude maize from the list of articles he proposes to tax? If the foreigner is so eager and willing to pay our taxes let him pay the lot—maize and all. The truth is we cannot tax the foreigner without having the tax taken out of us by the increased prices of his wares. Sooner or later it is the unlucky consumer who has to pay the piper. We are asked to believe that the landlord, and the farmer, and the agricultural labourers have interests in common, and that whatever benefits one will benefit them all. His chairman, the Duke of Portland, is the owner of 15'3,163 acres of land: the Duke of RutlAnd has 69,000 acres; the Duke of Sutherland owns 1,358,425 acres. These men are enjoying princely incomes, and yet they are asking agricultural labourers. earning twelve or thirteen shillings a week, to vote for a tax on food. And they are telling us that whatever helps one of them will help the other also. I can imagine a hungry cat telling such yarns as these to a bird in a tree, or a mouse in a trap. Protection would never be felt a burden by the great landowners. Tt would increase their incomes by the rise of rents, as it did a century ago while the labourer would get no. higher wages, and taxation woald lessen the spending power of his money. But it is impossible to follow Joseph through his as- tounding fallacies, and his idiotic arguments. and his contradictory assertions. Where is the lunatic outside Bedlam who believes that you can put a duty of five per canton our food without making that food dearer? Who believes that if you have to pay more for all you eat and:drink and wear the cost of living will not be increased? Does any working man believe that .Pro- tection will mean more employment for hum? How can he persuade farmers that a tax on corn will profit them, when he tells the labourers that it will produce no rise in the price of bread? If he is going to give good things to everybody, and rob nobody, where does he expect to find the means to fulfil his own promises ? I can only stand aghast at his reckless statements and wonder what crazy thing he will say next. lII.—JOSEPH IS FLOGGING A DEAD HORSE. Protection in this country died sixty years ago, and some of us devoutly prayed that it might never have a resurrection. Nearly twenty years ago an effort was made by the late Mr. Ecroyd, 3.1. P., and others to draw the poor old gee-gee from its grave.and galvanise it into life. They did not dare to call it Protection, so they nicknarried it" Fair Trade," and they Spent a pile of money hi trying to win converts.

In Lancashire there was an expensive crusade carried on. and meetings were held in every town, but the cause did not prosper. It was examined and discussed on its merits by our ablest manufacturers and merchants, and then it was unanimously rejected as a foolish and dangerous experiment. Ever since Joseph took up thequestion of Protection he must have known that he was championing a 'dying cause, and that he was trying to bribe =en into his way of thinking, instead of appealing to the intellect, and judgment and conscience. What is his bribe to the workingman? He wants a duty of two shillings per quarter on wheat, barley, oats, and rye. He wants a duty of live per cent. on beef, mutton, butter, cheese, preserved milk, poultry, eggs, vegetables and fruit. And he offers to. take 4.d. per lb. off the tea duty and a farthing per lb. off the sugar duty. ,

I wonder if he thinks the working men of this coun- try are such asies and fools as to accept such a paltry bribe as this? If he knows thorn as I know them, he is aware that his cause is hopeless. They tell me that Joseph has been in office for more than twenty years,and his wages all the time were about £lOO a week. When he went into office this last time the duty on tea was onlyl4d. per lb. To-day it is Bd., and it was raised to help to ray for his reckless and criminal war in South Africa. The war is over. but the tax remains, and he asks us to tax all our other food that we may reduce that. Not if we know it. We know a trick worth two of that. Our game is to turn out the reckless and incompetent spend- thrifts who are squandering our money, and legislating without mandate, and replace them by men who will govern us economically, and efficiently. We want to reduce our expenditure to what it was when the Liberals were in office last time, and we can do it easily. If we reduce our taxation and live within our means we can redline the taxes on tea and sugar and tobacco without putting now taxes on all other kinds of food.

We intend to tax all land values, and make our aristo- cratic landowners pay their fair share of the costs of municipal and national expenditure. We mean to make the acquirement and purchase of land for allotments and

===== 0002601_19040903_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.

EXAMINATION RESULTS.

The following are the results of the S3ience and Art examinations recently held at the Warrington Technical Institute by the Board of Education :

===== 0002601_19040903_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE.

BOTANY.

Name Stage Rh Name Stage Rlt Fowler, Nellie 1 1 Thompson, Ida M. 1 1 Fuller, Frederick 1 1 White, Kathleen E. 1 1 Bothwell, Charles 1 1 Williams, Eleanor 1 1 Andrews, Elizabeth J. 1 2 BUILDING CONSTRUCTION.

Brown, William G. 2 1 Hall, Ernest 1 1 Massey, Sydney 2 1 Jones, George 1 1 Pierpoint, Leonard 2 1 Malone. Thomas 1 1 Warburton, James L. 2 1 McKay, James 1 1 Bolton, Sidney 1 1 Taylor, John '1 1 Johnson, William J. 2 ,2 Thomason, Frank 1 1 Mackey, Samuel A. H. 2 2 Drury, William 1 2 Waywell, Harry 2 2 Stevens, John 1 2 PRACTICAL INORGANIC CEIENIISTRY. O'Brien, Arthur M. 3 2 Hodgkinson, Edward 2 2 Bradshaw, Bertie 2 2 Cooke, Elizabeth 2 1 Thorpe, Walter 2 1

THEORETICAL INORGANIC CHEMISTRY. O'Brien, Arthur M. 3 2 Cragg, William H. 1 1 Lowe, Frank R. 3 2 Lowe, John L. 1 1 Williams, Naboth 3 2 Nield, Norman 1 1 Cooke, Elizabeth 2 2 Peake, Arthur P. 1 2 Hodgkinson, Edward 2 2

HYGIENE. Soderland, Mabel 2 1 Jones, Margaret 1 2 Clay, Leah 1 1 Marshall, Isabella 1 2 Flood, Florence 1 1 McEwen, Joiephine 1 2 Gandy, Elizabeth 1 1 Turner, William 1 2 Mold, Daisy M. ' 1 1 White, Louisa 1 2 Rigby, Sarah 1 1 Woollacott, Eliz. M. 1 2 Fowler, Nellie 1 2 Miles, Bessie 1 2 Gerrard, Clara 1 2 Oldfleld, Marion 1 2 Kirby, Lily 1 2 Parsonage, Edith G. 1 2 Bowyer, Annie 1 2 Taylor Lucy 1 2 Brandreth, Mary E. 1 2 Travis, Lucy 1 2 Clarke, Evelyn M. 1 2 Wadsworth, Elizabeth 1 2 Whittaker, Jessie 1 2 Wainwright Kath. M. 1 2 Ford, Kate I. 1 2 Walker, Annie 1 2 Hankinson, Gladys M. 1 2 Walker, Mabel 1 1 Harrison, Edith 1 2 Whittle. May 1 2 Hill, Elizabeth 1 2 Wright, Mary 1 2 Jones, Gertrude 1 2 . MACHINE CONSTRUCTION AND DRAWING. Fuller, John 2 1 Kirk, Ernest W. 1 1 Bowcock, Frank S. 2 2 Rathbone, James 1 1 Jones, Daniel 2 2 Smith, Andrew 1 1 Kilduff, Alban A. 2 2 Taylor, Arthur E. 1 1 Rushton, George T. 2 2 Wilson, John 1 1 Wicks, Thomas 2 2 Barlow, Samuel E. 1 2 Evans, Thomas 1 1 Mielhall, Joseph F. 1 2 Field, Reginald 1 1 Pickston, William T. 1 2 Flood, William 1 1 MAGNETISM AND ELECTRICITY. Newell, Frank ' 2 2 Parker, Harold 1 1 Williams, Naboth 2 2 Daintith. James 1 2 Winstanley, Wm. AV. 2 2 Lowe, Frederick J. 1 2 Fairclough, Eric. 1 1

MATHEMATICS, STAGES 1,2, 3 S: 4. Bate, Frank A. 2 1 Bowcock, Frank L. 1 2 Coakley, Francis J. 2 2 Gibson, Harry R. 1 2 Jolley, Benjamin 2 2 Hall, Ernest 1 2 Rawlings, John, C. 2 2 Malone, Thomas 1 2 Turner, William 2 2 Melbourne, Clement 1 2 Wilson. Joseph 2 2 Perks, Thomas 1 2 Field, Reginald 1 1 Smith, Andrew 1 2 Kirk, Ernest W. 1 1 Swinton, Reginald M. 1 2 Wicks, Thomas ' 1 1 Warburton, James L. 1 2 APPLIED MECHANICS. Spensley, Jacob W. 2 2 Newall, James 1 2 Brown, William G. 1 1

===== 0002601_19040903_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THEORETICAL MECHANICS.

Brown, William G. 1 1 Malone, Thomas 1 2 Wicks, Thomas 1 1 Winstanley, William W.l 2

HUMAN PHYSIOLOGY. Brooks, Edith 1 1 McEvren, Josephine 1 2 Fowler, Nellie 1 1 McNeill, Lily J. 1 2 Kirby, Lily 1 1 Turner, William 1 2 Soderland, Mabel 1 1 Wagstaffe,Florenca L. 1 2 White, Louisa 1 1 SOUND, LIGHT AND HEAT.

Harding, William H. 1 1 Fagan, Charles C. 1 2 Turner, William 1 1

STEAM.

Faircl ough, Eric 2 2. Wilkinson, Thomas A. 1 2 Perks, Thomas 2 2 ART. ANTIQUE. • Fairclough, Helen ... 2 Dell, Herbert H. ... 2

ARCIIITECTUR E. Faircl (nigh, Helen ... 2

BLACKBOARD.

Bate, Frank A. ... 1 Hoyle, Gertrude C. 2 Bateman, Ethel E. ... 1 Hughes, Amy F. R. ... 2 Daintith, Annie ... 1 Jevrkes, Gertrude ... 2 Dawson, George C. ... 1 Jolley, Benjamin ... 2 Hoyle Frances KJ . kr. .. 1 Jones, Gertrude ... 2 Jones, Polly M.... ... 1 Jones, John A....... 2 Lewis, Gilbert ... 1 Keleher, Mary J. .... 2 Lidiard, Florence M. ... 1 Kenwright, Maude ... 2 Richardson, Agnes E. 1 Kirby, Lily 2 Richardson, Alphonsus 1 Lee, Mary A. 2 Richardson, Mary ... 1 Lewis, Annie W. ... 2 Sproston, Albert E. ... 1 Lewis, Emily ... ... 2 Williams, Lucy ... 1 Marshall, Isabella ... 2 Atherton, Emma ' 2 Minards, William H. ... 2 Atherton, Minnie ... 2 Mold, Daisy ... 2 Barnes, Floren '1 2 Oldfield, Marion ... 2 Bowles, Emily..... Parsonage, Edith G. ... 2 Bowyer, Annie ... Rawlings, John C. ... 2 Broadhurst, Clara ... 2 Rigby, Sarah ..........2 2 Brown, Maud K. ... 2 Rose. Edith E.... ... 2 Buckley, Ada ... ... 2 Rowland, Hannah ... 2 Butterworth, Ellen ..,. 2 Taylor, P011y..... 2 Coakley, Francis J. ... 2 Travis, Lucy ... 2 Corbett, Ernest 0. ... 2 Turner, Maud E. ... 2 Corcoran, Frances M.... 2 Turner, Willim ... 2 Delaney, Gertrude ... 2 Walker, Annie .......2 Dendy, Charles B. ... 2 Waring, Frances M. ... 2 Ditchfield, Ellen ... 2 Whittle. Margaret ... 2 Garrard, Clara .. ,2 Whittle, May ... 2 Gorse, Catharine M. ... 2 Wilde, Maggie 2 Green, Alice B. ... 2 Williams, Jessie ... 2 Groak, John ... ... 2 Wilson, Ella .........2 2 Hosier, Fanny L. ... 2 Wood, Annie ... ... 2

DESIGN.

Whitby, Thomas B. ... 2 FREEHAND (IN OUTLINE).

Clare, Arthur ... 1 Brunt, Paul W. 2 Clarke, Dobson T. ... 1 Coombes, Lionel ... 2 Fairclough, Helen ... 1 Crompton,Beatrice M.... 2 Horobin, Albert... ... 1 Gandy, Henry A. ... 2 Massey, Edgar ... 1 Rathmill, Joseph ... 2 Pearson, Jane E. ... 1 Simpson, Isaac A. ... 2 Whitby, Thomas B. ... 1. Williams, George A. ... 2 Wilde,Summersgill 8.... 1

GEOMETRICAL. Gandy, Henry A. ... 1 Lewis, Gilbert 2 Houghton, William H.... 1 Richardson, Agnes E.... Jones, John Arthur ... 1 Walker, Mabel ... 2 Clark, Dobson T. ... 2 LIGHT AND SHADE. Clark, Dobson T. ... 1 Fairclongh, Helen ... 2 Edgar, Margaret ... 1 Gandy, Mary M. ... 2 Ford, Helena ......1 goughton,William 11.... 2 Taylor, Polly ... 1 Kettle, Katharine L. ... 2 Bate, Frank A. 2 Pearson, Jane E. ... 2 Brunt, Paul W.... ... 2 Whitby, Thomas B. ... 2

MODEL DRAWING. Bateman, Ethel E. ... 1 Clarke, Evelyn M ... 2 Cannel!, Ernest A. ... 1 Daintith, Annie... ... 2 Clark, Dobson T. ... 1 Daintith, Louie... ... 2 Coakley, Francis J. ... 1 Emett, John ... 2 Fairclough, Helen ... 1 Lewis, Annie W. ... 2 Houghton William H... 1 Lidiard, Florence M. ... 2 Jewkes, Gertrde E. ... 1 Lloyd, Laura J.... ... 2 Jones, John A....... 1 Minards, William H. ' Jones, Polly M... ... 1 Rawlings,John C. ... Kettle, Katharine L. ... 1 Richardson, Alphon. ... 2 Pearson, Jane E. ... 1 Taylor, Eva P. ... Smith, Edith L. ... .1 Travis, Lucy ... Turner, William ... 1 Turner, Maude E. Ashley, Dorothy ... 2 Williams, George A. ... • Cann, Winifred M. ... 2 Yeomans, Ethel... ... Clare, Arthur .2 MEMORY DRAWING OF PLANT FORM. Fairclough, Helen ... 2 Whitby, Thomas Plinston, Emily... ... 2 In the examination made by the Board of Education of the works submitted from the Warrington School of Art for Art Class Teachers' CertificEites works submitted by the following were accepted, viz:— Paul W. Brunt, Lillian M. Carnson, Harry Sherburn, Edith L. Smith.

... 2

... 2

A prize to the value of 10s. awarded by the Board of Education in respect of these works has been gained by Miss Lillian M. Carnson.

A free studentship for the Session 1901-5 tenable at the School of Art, has also been awarded by the Board of Educatiod to Mr. Thomas B. Whitby.

CITY AND GUILDS OF LONDON INSTITUTE. Ti a totiovia; an 3 VIA n4i th e ninatiais cently held by the above Institute : ELECTRIC LIGHTING AND POWER.

Honours Ordinary Pre- grade. grade. liminarv. •

Name Newell, Frank

IRON AND STEEL.

Owen, Halsall Nield, Norman LEATHER TANNING. Clayton Ernest A. A. Crosby, Herbert 0 ' • Dakin, Alfred V. Hughes, Frank Jones, Howell F. Smith. Reginald H Spence, Frederick T. MECHANICAL ENGINEERING. Spensley, Jacob W.

PLUMBERS' WORK. Broomfield, Joseph 2 Cobb, William 2 Helsby, Arthur 2 Hitchmough, Robert 2 Mellor, James B

Georg, James ••• •• 44 Jones, David R Leevers, George Milner, William Sharpies William J. Snailham, James P . Travis, George • Unsworth, James H. - Wilcock, Ernest

===== 0002601_19040903_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
CHINESE LABOUR.

TORIES ARGUE IN FAVOUR OF IT. Another Op-en-Air Meeting.

Chinese labour was the principal subject under discussion at an open-air .meeting held on the site of the old bridewell in Irlam-street on Thursdayevening under the auspices of the Conservative Labour party. Coun- cillor Wilson again presided, and was supported by the deputation from Manchester, Mr. W. L. Williams and others. The attendance at the outset was small, but it gradually increased to about five hundred. The CHAIRMAN, in the course of his address, said that at the last Liberal meeting Mr. Howes said Aldermani Sutton's reply to the Liberal Association's request for I a debate meant that the Conservative Association repudiated the people over the way (the Conservative Labour party) and if the Conservative Association would have nothing to do with them, neither would the Liberals. He (Mr. Wilson) took it uponhimself to write to Alder- man Sutton eaclosing a report of Mr. Howes' speech and asking for his views upon the statement mentioned In his reply Alderman Sutton stated: '"My reply to the letter treceived from the hon. secretary of the Liberal Association was not intended as a repudiation byl the Conservative Association of the Conservative Labour I party. The letter I received from the hon. secretary of the Liberal Association and my reply to that letter dealt exclusively with the question affecting the associations I alone, and I fail to see any justification for the observa- tions of Mr.Howes.So far from our being desirous of repu- diating the Conservative Labour party,the Conservative Association takeSa sympathetic interest in the work ini which they are engaged, and wishes them every subeess in their undertaking to demonstrate to the working. classes which of the two political parties has proved the best friend of the working classes." Councillor WiLsoN then proceeded to reply to sosne statements made by Mr. Howes. Mr. FE ARNELEY alluded to Mr. Howes' advice to the audience at the last Liberal open-air meeting to "vote sober." He could not understand what Mr. Howes meant by insulting first the Liberal workingmen and then the whole of the workingmen of Warrington by assum- ing for a moment that they went to exercise their vote anything else but sober. Referring to the Chinese labour question, Mr. Fearneley said that when it first came to the front he was as much opposed to the intro- duction of the labour as any man in the kingdom. He was opposed to it in his ignorance. Proceeding to state the case as he now understood it he said that before the war the Kaffirs did the work of getting the minerals from the mines. The white men's work was distinctly different from that of the Kaffirs,for it was of the skilled kind such as surveying, engineering &c. It was con- sidered a loss of caste for a white man to work in the mines. When the war was over they could not get a sufficient number of Kaffirs to start the mines, because the Kaffirs had been engaged in a servant capacity to the British troops at the wages of 4s. 6d. per day. After the campaign they went home. Mr. Fearneley instanced how Mr. Creswell, one of the mine owners, offered to employ the men of a disbanded corps at the rate of 10s. per day. Some of the men had only worked in the mines two days when they became sick of the job be- cause as they were doing Kaffirs' work, none of the white men in Johannesburg would mix with them. The men therefore went back to their colonel and said they could not go on with the work. The Kaffirs could not be got to do it unless they iwere made; the white men at the top of the mines could not work without the Kaffirs, and the, result was the proposal to introduce the Chinese. The great majority of ministers of religion of all denominations in the mining districts gave their sanction and support to the introduction of Ceinese labour because they could see nothing for it but that,or the starvation of the white men who were walk- ing about unemployed. (" Rats.") The great majority of the white men who were doing nothing were also in favour of the labour. The Government did not intro- duce the Chinese to cheapen the white men's labour, for it was provided in the ordinance that so long as the Chinese labourer remained in the colony he should be employed only on unskilled labour in the getting lof minerals. He had simply to do what the Kaffiir had been doing previously. Mr. Fearneley contended that the effect of the introduction of Chinese had been to provide more work for the white men,and he said that at the top of one mine 136 white men were now employed as compared with 34 the month before the arrival of the Chinese. 4Tne speaker went into a comparison of the terms of the Transvaal indenture with the one in force in British Guiana which Mr. Howes had admitted was sanctioned by the Liberal party. The ordinance for British Guiana provided that the indentured labourer should work ten hours per day in buildings or sixteen hours by arrangement with his employer, and receive the living wage of a penny per hour. out of which he had to keep himself. The pay of the Chinaman in South Africa was is. per day of ten hours, and he was provided with food and housing free of cost. The British Guiana indenture provided that a coolie could be transferred, without his consent, from one employer to another,but a labourer in South Africa could not be transferred until he gave his consent in writing. The coolie in British Guiana was limited to a compound of five acres, but the Chinese labourer in South Africa had a village about three miles in extent. _ _ _

In conclusion, Mr. FEARNELEY asked his hearers to watch how the people of the Transvaal would exercise their votes when the new Transvaal Government came into existence next year. He was very much afraid that on the Chinese labour question their uiberal friends would be " down the nick" again. (Cries of "Never.") He thought the people of the Transvaal when they had the matter in their own hands would continue to pro- vide work for the white skilled man by first finding workmen who would get the rough minerals from the mines. (Applause.) Mr. MACARTNEY, the next speaker, met with considerable interruption. When he asked the .crowd how they proposed to improve their conditions of life, there were cries of "Change the Government." The mention of Mr. Chamberlain's name evoked some groaning. The speaker argued at somelength in favour of an alteration in the fiscal policy. Mr. Howes.he stated, dare not take up the challenge to indicate what the Liberal programme was. Mr. ORRELL, another member of the depulation, said they challenged the Liberal pai ty to point to any measure the which party had placed on the statute book daring the last forty years for the benefit of the work- ing classes. If Mr. Howes and the Liberal parti7 in Warrington were anxious for a public debate, the Con- servative Labour party would put forward workingmen to meet Mr. Howes or any other Liberal representatives. Mr. Howes said our foreign trade was not declining. In Lancashire alone there were 28,000 fewer cotton operatives than there were ten years ago and the decrease for Lancashire and Yorkshire was 48,000. Mr. Orrell met with interruptions, and there were occasional amusing retorts from the crowd. Trying to show that the Liberal party was divided he asked "On the clean slate where does home rule come ?" and immediately came the reply" on the back." Mr. Orrell asked his hearcrs to read for themselves and not to take any notice of what was said there, but this was too much for the audience who rtSared with laughter, and the speaker brought his remarks to a speedy close. Mr. FEARNELEY then'replied to a large number of questions. The first query was "Are the workingmen in the Transvaal in favour of the introduction of Chinese labour ?"

_ . Mr. FEARNELEY replied that the great majority of them were. There was a minority against it, but that minority had n3ver splken sine Lnrd Milner asked for an alternative propocal in case the Chinese were not imported. Another member of the audience asked " Are the Co- nservative Labour party prepared to hold a meeting on the recent Licensing Bill ?" Mr. FEARNELEY said that when nest he came to War-

===== 0002601_19040903_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S 1/- TINS ASSORTED BISCUITS.

CONTAINING 12 KINDS: OVAL RICH TEA POLO KIEL FINGERS ALEXANDRA HA NOVER RAGLAN THIN ARROWROOT CREAM CRACKERS MEXICAN MILK OATN WAFERS CHEESE WAFERS

===== 0002601_19040903_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

THE EXTENSION OF THE TRAAIWAYs.—Both sets of tram lines have now been laid as far as Victoria-square, though the laying of the setts of the permanent way has not yet been completed. This no doubt will be finished by the early part of next week. The laying of the lines on the Swing Bridge will be the next step. So far as can be estimated, and from,what we can learn it will be quite two months vet before the trams will be running i nto the Square at Stockton Heath.

MEETING OF' THE PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE. ANOTHER INSPECTOR REQUIRED.

The monthly meeting of the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee was held in the National Schools on Thursday evening, Mr. G. Pilling presiding. There were also present :—Messrs. Whitley, Fairhurst, Mclntyre, Pearson, Mountield, Clarke, H. J. Westbrook, Bouchier, Welsby, Hallows, Swinton (surveyor), Farrington (inspector of nuisances), and G. F. Ashton (clerk.)

STREET IMPROVEMENTS.

It was decided to instruct Mr. Garnett to prepare plans and specifications for the laying out of Cawdor- street and Bedford-street.

SANITARY MATTERS.

ANOTHER IssPgcrort REQUIRED.

The Clerk read a letter from Sir. T. FL Spinks, addressed to Mr. J. H. Clarke, calling attention to the unsatisfactory condition of an ashpit at the rear of Bed- ford-street, which he described as a most serious nuis- ance and a menace to health. Nfr. Spinks added that he had recently nearly lost his child through poisoning caused by smells arising from the ashpit. The nuisance arose from Improper cleansing and lack of disinfectants. Mr. Swinton said he had never seen anything very wrong with the ashpit. Mr. Clarke said it was their duty to see that the ash- pit was properly cleansed and disinfected, and the com- mittee gave instructions to the inspector to see that this was done.

It was reported that at 'a meeting of the newly-formed Sanitary Committee on August 35th, Mr. Clarke was elected chairman. It was decided that in future galvan- ised pails and ashbins only should be provided. Having regard to the greatly increased and ever increasing number of residents,the committee considered the time had arrived when more frequent and efficient sanitary inspection should be given to the district and resolved that tke District Council be requested to appoint an additional sanitary inspector. Mr. Clarke proposed the confirmation of the minutes The meeting, he said, was well attended and sanitary matters were discussed. It was the unanimous feeling of the committee that the time had arrived when better attention should be given to the sanitary inspec- tion of the whole of the district. They all recognized that Mr. Farrington did his best, though he had so large a district to cover that he was unable to devote to Stokton Heath the time and attention to which it was entitled. Mr. Farrington could not always be at Stockton Heath and therefore it was, the committee thought, necessary that an assistant inspector should be appointed, and they proposed to send the recommenda- tionto the District Council in the strong hope that whet they desired would be done.

Mr. Pearson seconded. Mr. Westbrook supported the motion. He thought an improvement would be effected if it could be arranged that Mr. Farrington could live in Stockton Heath. He, however, thought they should have an assistant inspector appointed to devote the whole of his time to the inspection of the Stockton Heath, dis- trict Mr. Westbrook addni that he noticed that special inspectors had been appointed for the Frodsham and Budworth districts.

Mr. Pilling : That is hardly correct. Mr. Farrington has only been relieved to a certain extent of his duties in those districts. Mr. Westbrook; I only know that salariec are paid in both those districts to inspectors of nuisances. The minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
--•,.- GRAPPENHALL.

THE CRICKET ClA:B.—Saturday's fixture was with Winnington 2nd at Winnington and proved another downfall—the third for Grappenhall Ist. The losers only scored 47. Banks being responsible for 15, Williams 14 and Jenkins 9, not out. The response for the home players amounted to 116, Dale playing a grand not out innings of 4S, while Dr. Cowper followed with 3. The latter was very successful with the ball, having six wickets to his credit—The 2nd eleven had no match,the one with Mere having been cancelled. THE GYAINASIUM.—This institution is be opened on the second Tuesday in October and promises to have another successful season.

FAILURES IN ENGLAND AND WALES.—According to I " Kernp's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, Aug. 36th, was 179, viz.:—New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette 83; Deeds of Arrangement registered. 96. The respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were Bankruptcies, 75; Deeds of Arrangement, 09—Total 144; being a net increase in Bankruptcies of 186, and a net increase in Deeds of Arrangement in 1904, to date I of 440.

PROVISIONS ARE DEARER.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19040903_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUNCIL. Business of the- -Next Meeting.

The monthly meeting of the Town Council will be held on Tuesday evening, when the following among other business will be transacted THE GEORGE HOTEL.-SPECIAL MOTION EY COUNCILLOR MAGINN.

The Town Clerk has reported that Messrs. Arthur Browne and Co., had given him notice that Mr. Thomas Halton (the tenant of the George Hotel) did not intend to proceed further with the action he had commenced against the Corporation for alleged damage caused by the falling of a chimney. The following letter from Messrs. Peter Walker and Son Limited was read at a meeting of the Finance Committee :

The Brewery, Warrington, 10th August, 1904.

Dear Sir,

Tn reference to our tender for the George Hotel Licence, and the proceedings of the Town Council on Tuesday evening, we have decided under the circum- stances to place the withdrawal of our tender in the hands of the Council.

Yours faithfully, Peter Walker and Son (Warrington and Barton), Ltd. J. Reid Walker, Managing Director.

J. Lyon Whittle, Esq., Town Clerk.

Resolved that the consideration of the matter be de- ferred until definite information can be obtained as to how the New Licensing Bill will affect the Licence. Councillor 31aginn will move that the offer of £2,550 made by Messrs. Peter Walker and Sons, Limited, for the purchase of the licence of the -"George Hotel,"sub- ject to the conditions named in their letter of the 9th. July, 1904, be accepted.

A LAND PURCHAS'B-QUESTIONS BY COUNCILLOR DODDS. Councillor Dodds will ask the chairman of the Street Improvement and Lighting Committee :-1, Is the fol- lowing a correct copy of a resolution or minute of the committee passed on the 28th April last, namely : "That the sum of .£l,oBo,and £2O for costs be paid to the executors of the late John Hartley for the purchase of property in Wilderspool Causeway and River road.' Has the "429 for costs" been paid to the executors of the late John Hartley in harmony with the minute quoted above, and if not, who not? if the £2O has not been paid to the executors of the late John Hartley, has it been paid to any other person or persons, and if so, to whom? _ _

Councillor Dodds will move later that the arrange- ment set forth in a minute of the Street Improvement and Lightinn. Committee, dated the 28th April last, and under which £2O for costs was to be paid to the execu- tors of the late John Hartley in connection with the purchase of property in Wilderspool Causeway and River-road by the Corporation, be forthwith, carried out.

, . NEW STREET FROM LA.TCHFORD TO WILDERSPOOL. Mr. Wallhead again attended the Street Improvement Committee with regard to the plan submitted by Messrs. Mainwaring and Pemberton, showing among others a proposed street 40 feet wide from knutsford-road to, the roadway under the new line of railway from War- rington to Latchford, and which it was stated would be carried through to Wilderspool Causeway. Resolved that the plan of the proposed new street on the north side of the said railway arch be approved,and that the Committee will offer no objection to the con- tinuation of such new street to the IVilderspool Cause- way, provided such street complies with the bye-laws Resolved also that the sum of £1,300 be paid to Mr. Thomas Hill for the purchase of his premises in Silver-street and Silver-square.

LECTURES ON H E.kLT Ir.

The Town Clerk has reported that the Royal Insti- tute of Public Health has arranged to give three lectures in the Parr Hall on October 26th, November 4th, and November 18th. The Health Committee has resolved that the sum of £lO be granted towards the fees and travelling expenses of the lecturers. Resolved also that the Town Clerk be instructed to take the necessary proceedings under the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, for the closing of the under-mentioned houses, all of which have been reported by the Medical Officer of Health to be unfit for human habitation :-7, 8,9, and 10, Silver-square; 2,3, 4,5, 6, 7,8, 9, 10, Morris-yard, Silver-street; 32 and 34, School brow; 1, Rylands-yard, School brow; 2, and 4 Crossley- street.

SANKEY BROOK. Mr. F. G. Ruiclock has been taking samples of water from Sankey Brook, Orford Brook, and from the con- densing water at Longford Depot. for analysis. He reports :—" On comparing these results it will be noticed that the sample of condensing water is worse than the Sankey Brook water, still however it does not appreciably affect the composition of the water in the brook, the volume not being sufficient. Even under the conditions of taking these samples when the brook was very low, on comparing the analyses of the two samples of Sankey Brook you will notice the figures are almost identical.

Tao water taken from the small brook (Orford Brook) was in a very bad state, strongly alkaline, and contain- ing a mass of putrid organic matter." THE BOROUGH SURVEYOR ON THE PAVING OF STREETS AND PASSAGES. The followin<, report dated August 29th, and prepared by the Borough Surveyor on the question of unpaved streets referred to by the Medical. Officer of Health in his annual report for 1903, was read and ordered to be entered on the Minutes of the Paving and Sewerage Committee. "Gentlemen, PRIVATE STREETS—DR. GORNALL'S REPORT. The total number of streets and passages mentioned in Dr. Gornall's report as requirinc, paving is 343. On examination I find that. there are lepassages and streets mentioned in the report as unpaved which had been done from as far back as eight years.ln the report there are 27 passages and streets which are mentioned twice over. There are 31 streets and passages which are only built on one side. Such streets and passages it has never been the custom to pave until both sides of the street are completed, except at the request of the owners and in exceptional cases. There are eight passages mentioned in the report that cannot be found. With the extension of the Borough Boundary in 1896 a considerable number of streets and passages which were unpaved were brought into the borough. A Local Government Board inquiry was held last week, and we are now awaiting sanction to proceed with 22 streets and passages mentioned in ,the report. The following table shows the work carried out by your committee since 1875, viz. : A period of ten years-1875 to 1884 cost, £16,501 do. dn. 1885 to 1894 cost, £27,697 do. do. 1895 to 1904 cost, £61,864 Daring the past ten years no less than 13 miles of streets and passages have been paved. There are only G miles of streets and passages mentioned in the report renain to be done. I think the Committee will see from the foregoing figures, and knowing the difficulties in obtaining material to keep down the undue cost, that the department has made every endeavour to keep pace with the rapid buildiqg operations that have taken place within the borough."

TOWN HALL, PARK AND BATHS. A letter was read from Messrs. Joseph Crosfleld and Sons Limited, stating that they proposed to send a cer- tain number of boys in their employ to the baths twice a week during working hours in charge of one of their own men, and asking that books of tickets of 100-300 to the second class bath be issued at a reduced price. Resolved that a reduction of 25 per cent. be made for youths using the second class bath under the above conditions.

Resolved also that Alderman Hutchinson and Smet hurst, and Councillor Rdberts be added to the sub-corn mittee appointed to report upon the land a ijoining Victoria Park. That Mr. Councillor Ellison be appointed the convener. COUNCILLOR STOTT AND WINWICK PUMPING STATION.

Councillor Stott will ask the Chairman of the Water Committee : 1. On what date was Mr. John Roe dismissed from the position of assist- ant stoker at the Winwick Pumping Station? 2. What is the reason for his dismissal ? 3. Why was he refused any information as to the reason for his dismissal by the Water Engineer? 4. In refus- ing to give any information, was the Engineer acting under instructions from the Water Committee? 5. What are the wages and hours of labour of the man who is now engaged on the work previously done by Mr. Roe? G. Will the Water Committee consider the re-instate- meat of Mr. Roe?

STOCKTON 11F.ATH TRAMWAYS. At a meeting of the Electricity and Tramways Com- mittee it was resolved that the tender, of the St.Helens Cable Co.,Ltd., for the supply of Cables, &c.,required in connection with Light Railway No.l at £376 135.2 d. be accepted. At a later meeting the committee considered the report of Messrs. Preece and Cardew on the tenders 'received for the alterations to the Swing Bridge, Stock- ton Heath. Resolved, that the tender of Sir W. G. Armstrong. Whitworth and Co., Ltd„ for locking gear, &c., at £220. and for labour at the rates quoted by them, be accepted. Resolved, also that the tender of Messrs. Gilbert Thompson and Co., of Birmingham, for delivery and erection complete of lattice girders at £99 10s. and cast iron curbs at £72 10s. be accepted.

SELECTION OF MAYOR. - The General Purposes Committee has resolved that the meeting for the selection of Mayor and four Alder- men be held on the 26th September, at 4.30.

COAL CONTRACTS. The committee has also resolved that the following members be appointed a sub-committee to consider ten- ders for coal for the various departments of the Corpor- ation:—Mr. Alderman Bolton (May or),Watch,and Town Hall, Parks and Baths Departments; Alderman Sutton, Health Department; Mr. Alderman Evans, Cemetery Department; Mr. Councillor Tinnion, Paving and Sewerage Department.

MOTIONS BY COUNCILLOR STOTT. Councillor Stott will move, that it be an instruction from this Council to the Paving and Sewerage Com- mittee to proceed as rapidly as possible with the paving of all streets and hack passages where building opera- tions are completed. Councillor Stott will also more a series of motions • dealing with the fair wage clause in Corporation Contracts.

HAMS, BACON & CHEESE ARE DE ARER.—Advt,

===== 0002601_19040903_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7:- -

===== 0002601_19040903_art0081.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• • A ,;

===== 0002601_19040903_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BENEFITS OF SCIENCE.

• It is seldom that any discovery. of science is such as will benefit all classes of people. Some of the greatest discoveries of the age, while they have proved directly beneficial to thousands, have also, at least for a time, injured other thousands. Even some of the best medi- cinal preparations, however much they may do to remove one class of disease, or suit some constitutions, at the same time either deepen the hold of another disease, or leave it entirely untouched, or if they benefit one class of patients, they may injure another. Now the great need of the age is some scientifically arranged preparation which will cope effectually with the pre- valent dseaies of this country, which will be certain to do good when fairly tried, which will be equally adopted to the needs of the merchant and the workman, the professional man, and he who wins his bread by the sweat of his brow, the student, the clerk, the factory hand, the miner, and the roadside lab ourer. It should be, too, such a pre paration as contains no injurious ingredients, and which may be taken with impunity by the weakly child, or the delicate lady, as well as by the stronger constituted man. Such a discovery would deserve to be called Me Perfection of Medicinal Preparations, and would indeed be an Invaluable Boon to Suffering Humanity. Now this much needed boon has been found, has been tried, has been proved, and wherever proved, it has been found satisfactory. We refer to Gwilym' Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic, which when once tried, has been always recommended, and has proved successful when all other medicine has failed to give relief, and we may say further, that it has proved per- manently beneficial, when other preparations at best gave only temporary relief. It is strongly recommended as The Best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion in its different forms, such as Sick Headache, Pains in the Side, Giddiness, Loss of Appetite, also for Nervousness -and 'Nervous Disorders, Sleeplessness, Neuralgia, Low Spirits, and all kinds of Weatmess. It has often proved very beneficial to persons suffering from great Weakness, either after an illness, long con- finement to ill-ventilated rooms or any other cane. it strikes at the source of the Disease, removing the cause of the illness, and strengthens those parts of the system which have been weakened by it, and therefore most liable to colds and other ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters being purely vegetable, it is a Natural Tonic, and suited to all ages at all seasons of the year. It is everywhere acknowledged to be a powerful aid in restoring the body to a healthy state when deranged by disease. If you suspect that your health is beginning to fail, brace up your nerves, and fortify your constitution by taking now a course of this excellent Tonic, which is sold everywhere in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each, but should any difficulty be experienced in procuring it, the Proprietors will forward same for the above prices, carriage free. Avoid Imitations. When purchasing,see the name, " Gwilym Evans," on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. Sole Proprietors: Quinine Bitters Manufac- turing Company, Limited, Llanelly,:South Wales.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

WARRINGTON TRIPPERS RAID AN OR.CHA.RD. On Monday at the Oakmere Petty Sessions, Lawrence Spencer, Dalton Bank, and John Henry O'Nield, 21, Napier-stredt, both of Warrington, were summoned for stealing growing apples at Kingsley, on Sunday, August 21st. Robert Flatman, 103, Mersey-street, Warrington, was summoned for aiding and abetting.—John Starkey, farmer, Kingsley, stated that on the date named his son informed him of two men having left one of his fields with their pockets bulky. He went into the road and saw two men get into a waggonette about a hundred yards away. Complainant despatched one of his sons on a bic3cle to inform the village constable, and the moment be left, the men emptied their pockets of a number of apples and threw them into a field •of potatoes. He valued the apples at 2s.— Peliee-constable Fry said he intercepted the waggon- ette at Frodsham. The man in charge said two men had left the conveyance, but had not returned. Wit- ness returned a little distance and met a man whom he knew to be a stranger. He admitted belonging to a party from Warrington, but in consequence of their carryings on "he leftthem. The constable informed theiman he wanted two of them for stealing apples,and thelman stated he wouldpoint out the offenders when he reached the conveyance. Witnesq again went after the waggonette and detained it until the man came along, when he pointed out Spencer and O'Nield as having been in the orchard. The defendants were in the conveyance when he first questioned Flatman, the driver.—Flatman denied that he knew anything at all about the men having been in the orchard.—The summons against Flat- man was dismissed, and O'Nield and Spencer were wch lined 2s. Gd. and Bs. 9d. costs. WARRINGTON PA.RENTS CHARGED WiTII NEGLECT.— A FILTHY HONIE.

At Warrington Police Court yesterday, before the Mayor and other magistrates, Charles Cummings, Hind street, was charged with neglecting his children.—Mr. Browne prosecuted on behalf of the N.S,P.C.C. and said the defendant would not work. The children were clean and well looked after. The wife had had to pawn her boots to provide food.lt was decided to give defendant another chance and the ease was adjourned for a month.—John and Eleanor Johnson,hushand and wife, Napier street, were summoned for neglecting their children.—lr. Browne said this was a very sad case. The society did not blame the husband but brought him before the Court in order that he might show some reason why he had allowed the children to get into such a neglected state. The wife had given way to drink an neglected to keep the home and children clean. The house was in such a filthy state that Dr. Peacock considered it was unfit for habitation. The children were verminous and poorly fed.—Dr. Peacock said some of the bedroom furniture could not have been touched for months as it was covered with a kind of fungous growth. A neighbour stated that the woman waslcontinually pawning clothes to obtain drink. Witness had seen her chase the children and throw water on them.—lnspector Hackett's evidence revealed a shocking state of affairs, the house and sihildren being filthy. The woman had had repeated chances of amendment. The husband was afraid of his wife, and she had threatened him with a poker.— Mrs. Johnson pleaded hard for another chance, and the magistrates gave her the option of going to a home for six months! or undertaking a month's imprisonment in the second division. Defendant chose ti go to gaol for the shorter period. The case against the husband was dismissed.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

MONDAY—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillor Wilkinson, Messrs. Birchall,

• Pilling. Wright, and W. Roberts. POLICEM AN'S STRUGGLE WITEI PRISONERS.—John McDonough and Thomas Moran, of no settled abode, were charged with having been drunk mid disorderly in Horsemarket-street at 4.5 on Saturday afternoon :and with assaulting P.C. Burton.—The constable said prisoners accosted severat people and made use of filthy languace. He cautioned them, but they would not desist, and McDonough seized him by the le", butted him and tried to throw him to the ground! Moran then thumped him on the head and kicked him on the right knee. Witness closed with prisoners and a violent struggle ensued. Thomas Dooney, of Phillip-street. assisted him until P.C. Edwards •came upon the scene and prisoners were taketi te the Police Station.—The Chief Constable said he 'saw the officers taking the men to the Police Station. Moran was acting like a madman, and prisoners, within the hearing of children and ladies, were using the vilest and foulest language it was possible for human tongue to debase itself to. Prisoners belonged to a gang which went about pretending to hawk and intimidating people 'who would not give them money.—Prisoners were sent to gaol for a month with hard labour, and the magis • trates expressed their thanks to Dooney for his assist- ance.—William Rigby, another member of the gang,was fined 10s, and costs for having been drunk and disorderly. AN INVETERATE REP CATE u.—Alphonsus Cullen, 34, Rose and Crown-street, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Bridge-street on Saturday. -The Chief Constablesaid the prisoner rnadehls23rd appearance, and seemed to come before the Court about every two months. He was " one of our inveterate repeaters."— Fined ss. and costs.

A SAD STORY.—Margaret Lydon, 6, Back Haydock- street, was charged with stealing 31bs of beef, value 24. lid., from the shop of John Preece, butcher, 53. Winwick-street.—The Chief Constable said that at 10.30 the previous morning prisoner went into the shop and asked for a pennyworth of lard. The servant, Maria Houghton, was in the shop, and when prisoner was leav- ing She noticed her put the beef under her shawl. Houghton followed her and asked her what she had got, but she denied having taken anything. The police were informed, and Staff-Sergeant Barlow and P.C. Lewis visited the prisoner's house. They told her they had come for the beef she had stolen, and at first she said she had none in the house. Shortly afterwards she burst into tears and said the beef was boiling on the fire. Her husband she a lied. was out of work, and sh had no money. He ( fr. Talbot) was informed by his officers that the priso ,er's husband was an idle, good-for-nothing fellow who would not work and provide means to support his -wife and 'child. He expected to be supported by her.

He (Mr. Talbot) felt bitterly sorry for the worn an.— Staff-Sergeant Barlow said the prisoner came of a res- pectable family, but her husband was a "worthless scamp."—The prosecutor did not press the case, and the magistrates decided simply to record a conviction Alderman Smethnrst : I wish we could get her hus- band here.—The Chief Constable: I wish we could. OBSCENE LANGUAGE.—Thomas Hennessey, 19, Friars' Green, was fined ss. for making use of obscene language within hearing of that thoroughfare on August 19th.— He made his lt;th appearance. - -

FRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman S nethurst, Councillor Thornton, Messrs. Jolley and

Pilling. FAILING TO NOTIFY SCARLET FEVER.—James Cottam, 46, John-street, .was summoned for failing to notify a case of scarlet fever on August Bth.—Mr. Stanley Wilson, deputy town clerk, prosecuted and de- fendant was represented by Mr. H. J. Longton.—Mr. Wilson said that in consequence of information re- ceived the Medical °Meer of Health visited the de- fendant's house ;on August Bth and saw a child named Mary sitting near the window wrapped in a shawl. He had a conversation with the mother, and on making an examination of the child found she -.vas suffering from scarlet fever. He also ascertained that the rash had been noticed on August sth. The appear- ance of another of *defendant's children aroused his suspicions, and having made an examina- tion he ordered both to be removed to the hospital. The first child was in a deplorable condition owing to filth and vermin and there was no doubt whatever that the second was also suffering from scarlet fever and had been for some weeks past. Dr. Gornall ascertained that the child had been playing in the streets with other children and he had no doubt that other cases had arisen from the carelessness of the defendant and his wife. On the 11th August a third child had to be taken to the hospital.—The defence was that defendant did not know the child was suffering from scarlet fever. He admitted that the child was poorly but he had no idea that it had contracted the disease. The third case was promptly notified.—The case was dismissed on payment of costs. ROBBING .1N ORCHARD—SMART FINE. —A boy named. Isaac Skelhorn, 1, Lyon-street, was summoned for steal- ing a quantity of pears, the property of Mr. James Proctor Jones, Sannyside,Latchfori.—Ar. Jones stated that he was constantly troabled with 'non and boys stealing fruit from his garden. Dr. Richmond, who also suffered from the depredations, caught the defen- dant up a pear tree.—The magistrates fined defendant 10s. and intimated that future cases would be more severely dealt with. THEFT OF VEGETABLES.—SamueI Garrett, 29, Dale street, William Seed, 23, Dale-street, and George Muir 52. Aikin-street, were summoned for stealing turnips the property of Benjamin Grimshaw, Gateworth Farm, Sankey. It was stated that defendants went about the theft in a businesslike way, one plucking the turnips and handing them to the others who cut the tops, off and placed them in a bag. They induced a boy to steal turnips for them.—There was no evidence against Muir and he was discharged. The other defendants were fined ss. and costs each. Two boys named Joseph Kilgannon, 83, Dallam-lane, and John William Brooks, 55, Tanner's-lane, were fined 4s. (Id. each for stealing vegetable marrows and cawliflowers ta the value of 10s., the property of Joseph Lawrenson, Old-road. There was no evidence against Thomas Smith, St. Albans Avenue, who was also summoned and the case against him was dismissed. ASSAULT CASES.—Mary Jane Gallop, 20, Leonard- street, was charged with assaulting Mary Char- nock, Forshaw-street, on August 26th.—Mr. Steel appeared for the defendant who brought a charge of threats against Charnock.—Complainant said defendant struck her on the head with a lading can —Defendant said Mrs. Charnock threatened her, and under provocation she threw the can at her.—The cases were dismissed on payment of costs.—Elizabeth Ellen McLoughlin, Morris Court, was summoned for assault- ing Elizabeth Ellen Naylor, Morris Court, on August 29th.--Complainant said defendant struck her on the head with a clog.—Fined 55. UNHAPPY 3IARRIED LlFE.—Edward Willi am Robinson, 31, Hoyle-street, was summoned for pars is. tent cruelty to his wife, Ann Robinson 6, Ellis-street. I—Mr. Steel defended.—Complainant said she was I married to the defendant five years ago.—At that time she had a little money and when it was spent 'defendant commenced to illtreat her. He had" thrown her about like a dog." Her married life had been a weary one.—Mr. Steal said defendant denied the aller..;- ritions of cruelty and alleged that his wife had been I cruel to him.—The case was adjourned for a month in order that a settlement might be arrived at. 1 OBSCENE LANG UAG E.—Mrs. Eustance, Regent-street wae summoned at the instance of Sarah Mensell for making use of obscene language in Regent-street.—Mr. Browne represented the complainant.—Fined ss.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
Fels- Naptha

No use to use it unless you go .by the book.

No use to use it and boil your wash. Go by the book.

Fels-Naptha 39 Wilsos street London E

===== 0002601_19040903_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
--'7"` -77

A "CAPTAIN COURAGEOUS."

Captain Atherton, well known on the Mersey, has three lives to his credit. On a bitter December night, he jumped i- -)ck, and rescued a man.. He saved a boy in like circumstances in the NAL et" Birkenhead Float, and - ' \ again risked his life or a man in the • Queen's Dock. Captain ttherton speaks ightly of these deeds heroism. A repre- )ntative who called at ,s house, 270 Price- * , r eet, Birkenhead, Ltes that the gallant ptain has felt the Acts of a hard life. "Some time ago," said "my health failed. Welt my back getting Lk, and when I /oped it was agony / straighten myself .gain. I lost appetite ..nd could only sleep off _HERTON. and on. I hada bad con h low spirits and could not touch my breakfast. I saw Dr. Williams' pink pills mentioned in the paper, and as several friends had been cured by them I bought a box, and after baking the pills felt much better. I kept on with them three or four weeks and was cured. The weakness in my back disappeared, and I could bend up and down without pun. My cough ceased and my appetite returned." Captain Atherton added that since his illness he had found the pills a splendid t3nic. Captain Atherton's breakdown was se! ions. The lumbago and stiffness probably indicated kidney disease, and his lost appetito showed that his digestion had failed. Dr. Williams' pink pills cured him because they gave him new blood. Dr. Williams' pink pills are the tonic that tones. The manufacturers can refer to persons in all parts who recommend them, not only as a tonic, but also for paralysis, locomotor ataxy, rheumatism, sciatica, and kidney diseases arising from impoverishment of the blood, scrofula., rickets, consumptinn, anmmia, loss of appetite, plpitations, neuralgia, ladies' weaknesses, and hysteria. These pills are not a purgative. They are sold at all medicine shops, and by Dr. William' Medi- cine Co., at two shillings and ninepence par box, or six boxes for thirteen and nine.

into Garston Dot •,\,.._ ** .r‘-..--, 4 P‹, s\ 4 - - N. \ l' \,l\\l. ' A ,` '':\ ,s• ,4 V 1, A \4,\l i.si2-.''' •'-• , 11` ef ----':- ',' • ‘_- -- -...- se] '.•k• ' -, ''.!; -' ' 'I? :'• '',, 'i,',":".t cal - • . , , I he , \ \ af al CAPTAIN AT - -

===== 0002601_19040903_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

BAND SUCCESSES.— The members of the Penketh Tannery Prize Band, were well repaid for their visit to Ellesmere Port on Saturday last on the occasion of the Ellesmere Port, Whitley and District Horticultural Society's Show and Brass Band Contest. The band have been practising assiduously,and their efforts were crowned with success, both the first prizes being. captured by the Penketh players. The test piece was "Songs of Ireland," arranged by H. Round, and there were eight entries. The judge was J. 0. Shepherd, esq. (Mus. Director Royal Court Theatre, Liverpool) and a noted judge at all principal contests including Belle 'true, and Crystal Palace London. The awards in the test piece were : Ist. Penketh Tannery; 2nd, Atherton Temper- ance; 3rd, Tranmere Gleam; 4th, Ellesmere Port Public. In the Quick Step Competition, Penketh Tannery were awarded Ist prize and Trawl:ere Gleam 2nd. The news of the victory was hailed with delight in the village, and the band met with a great reception on their return home.

HARvEsTING.—The harvest in this neighbourhood is now practically over, the opportune spell of fine weather have been taken advantage of by the farmers. Second crop of hay grass has also been cut, and gives a fair

===== 0002601_19040903_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
GIPSY SMITH IN PRETORIA.

Writing of his missionary work in Pretoria, Gipsy Smith says that Ow tent used for the meetings there was the one used in Johannesburg with 2,000 seats. and although Pretoria has only a Population of 20,000 people, every seat was needed every night, "I think Pretoria was really the hardest bit of work we have had so far in South Africa," he says. "There was such opposition from the drink sellers and theatre managers ;I their business suffered much. A 'Atter is before me from one who says that the manager of one bar told him Gipsy Smith had not been in Pretoria twenty-four hours before his sales went down £4O. The mission emptied these places while it lasted at any rate. "The work in Pretoria was deep and searching. All sorts came to the meetings, Dutch and British ; the former were the first to yield. A Boer general and a grandson of the late President Kruger were amongst the inquirers. A whole football team, a fine set of fellows, who always played their games on Sundays,was converted, and many remarkable cases of well-known people about town. In all, 900 passed through the hands of the workers, and 500 signed the pledge."

===== 0002601_19040903_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
A PERFECT LEMON JELLY.

For the exquithte flavour of Ripe Lemons there are no Table Jellies to equal Eiffel Tower Lemon ,I,ellies. Beautifully clear and they always set.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 3, 1904.

(Copyright.)

for Captain Gerald Thornton was certainly a delightful six feet of manhood. He had money, heaps of it; he was handsome, he was dark; and his eyes were as blue as the skies, and tney tutu a way of looking at one from under his dark lashes which was entirely captivating. His figure was slim, long-legged, and athletic; his voice, directly he spoke, struck one by its rich, deep tone; and there was something delightfully refreshing about his hearty, ringing laugh; and as to his dancing, it was quite as it should be. You might search every London ballroom and you would assuredly not find another like him. And with all these admirable qualities what else need any man wish for? Surely nothing; but Nature, in mothering him, had been in one of her very generous and very rare moods, for besides these outward and visible signs there were inward and spiritual graces to match. Captain Gerald Thornton was a good fellow all through; so his brother officers of the Guards, one and all, voted him, as manly and upright a man as one woule meet in many a day's march—good-tempered ano good-natured enough to do anyone a good turn if need be. And there was always plenty of life and go about him. He was ready to take a hand in most things, from tooling a four-in-hand with admirable skill Ranelagh or Burlingham, or breaking a horse with a deuce of a temper, down to binding; up the damaged head of the sergeant's youngest hope on occasions when it elected to fall down the ladder from the stable loft.

Looked at all round; perhaps, it was not a sur- prising thing that Gerald Thornton, not knowing her small eccentricities, should fall in love with Augusta Temple, though, of course, that such a very elevated being as she should fall in love with him was another pair of shoes altogether. But fall in love she did, however difficult it may be to conceive that she could condescend to anything so trivial.

• Through the season before they had met pretty frequently at garden parties, dances, balls and receptions; and when the time came when Fashion decrees that the world shall flock to Scotland for the shooting, whether it feels any inclination to go there or not, they had somehow generally turned up on a visit to the same country houses. On the night of Mrs. Heaton's ball the question that had long been agitating the breast of Captain Thornton trembled on his lips and then fell—the murder was out. They were sitting in one of those delightful, convenient, and secluded nooks which a thoughtful and considerate hostess will always provide, and instead of Augusta turning away with scorn in her eyes and anger on her lips, as she should certainly have done, she simply blushed, smiled, said "Yes," and put her arms round his neck, without being asked to do so, and thus the matter was settled between them. _

And then there were good times to follow, though the divided skirts were laid by for the time being, and the distractions of the Knickerbocker Club she must forego. Gerald must not be "rushed "—he must come to things gently; for, although a very charming personage, he was, after all, only a mere man, with narrow and restricted views of things, and the usual selfish, masculine notions on the subjection of women, and all that kind of thing. Indeed, on one occasion he had even been heard to liken the case of the woman of intellect to a certain Scotchman, who transplanted his native thistle into a colony where the soil was rich and bountiful. Nothing but thistle grows there now, and the Scotchman has left. Like the thistle, the big notions which some im- prudent person has been putting into the feminine mind are spreading fast, and it is impossible to say where they will spread to. Well, Gerald must be led gently, and, after a proper course of training, he would come to view the march of intellect in its proper and advanced light. The first time that Captain Thornton's feelings experienced a slight shock was on a.certain morn- ing when he made his appea'rance at the solemn house in Grosvenor-square just as he usually did. Augusta, f =ling sweetly and looking prettier and fresher than ever, greeted him.

"Oh, no, Gerald dear, not this morning," in answer to the question as to whether she was ready to come for a ride. "I can't possibly come with you now,' so you must run away and play by your- self, like a dear. 14 11.30 our Knickerbocker Club holds its most important meeting of the season, and I must certainly be there; of course, all members who are of any importance will not fail to attend, and then I have just got the most perfectly chic new suit you can imagine; they are almost knickerbockers, and when I've got a little more used to them, then next time I shall have proper, real, live ones, just like yours." It was as well to put a bold face on it at once. Captain Thornton stood aghast, his eyes opening wider with astonishment.

"My dear Augusta, you don't mean to tell me that you, you are a member of that odious Knicker- uocker Club, and that all this time you have kept it a secret from me, and that you actually have the inrpudence to contemplate wearing such things, you will stoop to anything so vulgar, so contemptible? Where's your modesty and your womanly refine- ment? For Heaven's sake, be content to remain the pretty woman you are, and not turn yourself into a hateful thing of no sex at all." Gerald was very angry indeed. Augusta had not expected so much temper from him, as he paced up and down the room with an angrier light in his blue eyes than had ever been there before. But., of course, it was all rubbish to talk iire that '• it was only his poor manlike densenet sof ideas. He would very soon come round. It was certainly the bitterest pill Gerald Thornton had ever had to swallow in his whole life, when he watched from a safe distance the meet of the famous Knickerbocker Club, and before his own eyes his beautiful, charming sweetheart (where, ( h where, were her petticoats now?) start oft with a, pack of nondescript, bespeckled, red-nosed, no- figured females, helter-skelter. What mattered it to these superior beings that the small youngsters in the street yelled at them, that the men sneered, the girls giggled, and the matrons turned up their eyes in righteous cotisternation ! • The ice was broken, and Augusta rejoiced exceed- ingly, and tiffs more or less were the order of the day. However, she was once more launched on her work of Progression. Every day, and all day, she was busy; there is really not much time to waste over love; life is not long enough for any- thing so old-fashioned nowadays. When Captain Thornton asked her mildly when it would please her ladyship to go for a drive with him, Augusta would take out her watch with a solemn and impres- sive air and announce the fact that she was due at• a meeting in Whitechapel at two, and at a lecture to reduce the population of China at four. Poor Gerald ! It is something to have for one's sweetheart such a beautiful, lofty and intellectual being, and it is necessary to do one's best to live up to it; it all, no doubt, inspired due awe and reverence in his manly breast; but perhaps often in his weaker moments he would wish that his sweetheart were a little more like other people's. But then one day a dreadful thing happened. Augusta had gone to the meet of the Knicker- bockers, and Captain Thornton meanwhile was lunching with Mr. and Mrs. Temple. There was a loud ring at the bell, another, and yet another, before the pompous footman had time to arrive at the door in a sufficiently dignified manner. And then Augusta was carried in and laid on one of the soft couches in the drawing-room—she was very still and very white, and her eyes were closed. But there was nothing very much the matter; she had only had a bicycle spill; her precious machine was doubled and twisted up into an unrecognisable shape, but she had escaped with nothing more than a bad fright and a good shaking, which kept her in bed for a week.

"Darling, are you better ? " asked Captain Thornton, as he came into the pretty boudoir where she was lying for the first. time since her recovery. He took both her hands and looked into her pretty eyes with "all the love-light," as the lady novelist would say, shining from his blue ones; it was enough to see her at first, and he did not sal much—he only looked, and Augusta did not feet strong. "Ah, my darling, how thankful I am to have yolk well again. Now you will never risk your precious self any more on that wretched machine. I have begged you to give it up so often, sweetheart. You will now, for my sake, won't you? Promise me." Augusta gave a mocking little laugh, which %hewed her very white and even teeth, and shrugged her shapely shoulders. "My dear Jerry, how absurd you are; just because I have been unfortu- nate enough to have one spill, you get into a fright and expect me to give up the one thing I like best on earth; why, I couldn't live without my bike!" "But, Augusta, you have managed to live a good many years without it, and there are other things waiting for you; and don't you love me enough to give up just this one thing, for my sake? You know I hate the thought of it; it isn't a very serious thing I ask of you, my sweetheart." He looked very pleading, and very handsome; but Augusta did not heed him, for Augusta had a temper which was fast beginning to show itself ; her lips began to draw themselves into a tight line, as was their wont. when things did not go iust as

eh, wilik;cl that they should, and there was an angry light in her pretty eyes. "You are unkind and disagreeable, and very selfish, Gerald; but then men always are selfish, from beginning to end, so what can one expect frczu em.? Just because it doesn't please yet= narrow, squpid, mesrmline ideas, you expect to make me give up the thing I get the greatest pleasure_ from. The fact is, you are so mightily afraid of women asserting their independence because you think they will climb to heights that you could never attain, and then they will laugh at you. I tell you plainly I will never give way to you or to anybody else. No; not if you were to go down on your knees to me, and beg of me to until the crack of doom." Gerald had certainly no intention of going down on his hands and knees just then; they were both very angry, and silly, too. "Very well, Augusta, since in such a very small matter as this you will not respect my wishes, it plainly shews you do not love me, and in graver affairs we can never agree. It is fortunate that we have found out our mistake before it is too late. Good-bye." Without even a look behind he walked out of the room, and Augusta heard the front door shut violently a moment after. And thus caine the parting of the ways for two very foolish and very stupid young people.

Augusta lived on in the stately house in. Grosvenor-square, growing more intense and pre- ternaturally serious day by day. Surrounded by a protective atmosphere of learning, she continued to address meetings for flower girls in the Mile End- road, and whenever the March of Intellect was on the cards Augusta was sure to be there. Augusta's learning was prodigious. She went on lapping up knowledge and wisdom with her friends and bright particular stars of the Knickerbocker Club—certain ladies with short hair and serviceable, square-toed understandings, which produce an effect like a cold-water douche down the masculine back.

When Augusta elected to take up the study of a new science or a certain language, Sanscrit or Hindustani, or anything of that kind, she would simply canter in, have a look round, and in six weeks' time had mastered it to the bottom, and was prepared to argue down the most learned professor on the subject in the three kingdoms. It was certainly manifest that whatever Augusta did not know by this time was not worth any lady's while to know. Only in her eyes sometimes a close observer would discover a subtle dissatisfac- tion as if there were something or other wantinT somewhere.

_ The years had gone by and where was Augusta now? She had tired of her striving after know- ledge. The meetings in the Mile End-road and the gatherings for the Total. Suppression of Man had yielded her nothing—she was no further on than when she first began to climb the 'Ladder of Life, and the subtle dissatisfaction had been deepening in her eyes. Well, Augusta had become an older, a wiser, and a sadder woman; her parents were dead, she had given up her home, and even her bicycle. She had no ties now, and perhaps sometimes she would think a little wistfully of some of those girls she had so despised in her own girlhood; they were happy, with homes and hu4anls, and children to look after,

At last she Ilad begun to open her eyes and see her life as others saw it. Of what good. were all those old, topsy-turvy notions of hers, and where did they lead to? The world had managed to get along very well indeed for a good many centuries without her or her Knickerbocker Club either; and it would, no doubt, continue to do so—and so Augusta gave it all up to become a hospital nurse. In St. George's Hospital there was n)t a nurse so popular among the staff nor so much loved among the patients. Nurse Etta, as she chose to be called, had such a sweet, gentle voice, such a tender, sympathetic look in her eyes, and such a strong, yet gentle, touch. It was cold, cheerless weather, and there were many patients occupying the regular lines of snowy-white little beds. On this particular day the bitter east wind was blowing fiercely, and the roads were greasy and slippery with black mud after the recent snow.

At three o'clock, when Nurse Etta was just settling down to her cup of afternoon tea, after her easy morning's work, a fresh patient was carried in. He was a tall, broad-shouldered man. There had been a shocking bicycling accident in Piccadilly, and when they picked Captain Gerald Thornton up they picked him up as dead—a brougham had gone over his body, and his legs were evidently broken. The policemen shook their heads at the crowd which pressed round them as they placed him, with all, the tenderness our English bobbies know how to exercise, on the stretcher. Life was not extinct, but it was s terrible accident, and one which would lead to very grave complications indeed, the doctors said. As Nurse Etta leant over bed No. 27, and ministered unto her new patient's wants, there was an unsteadiness in her hand and a trembling all over her, which one of the doctors, as he turned away, wondered at exceedingly in the usual calm, impassive nurse. Gerald Thornton was very, very ill, there was no doubt about it, and whether he would ever partially retover remained to be seen.

Perhaps in that hospital they had never before had such an excellent nurse as Augusta. She was at her post always, and an'i,ipating every wish of the medical men.

"Will he pull through ? " Augusta asked one of the doctors, while the tears which she strove se hard to keep back rose to her eyes, and her pretty lips trembled. "Yes, I think he will pull along all right now," the kindly doctor answered; "but it will be entirely thanks to your good nursirm " And as he turned away to his other patients he wondered very much what connection there could be between the pretty, gentle nurse and this broad- shouldered, handsome man. The days went by, and Nurse Etta kept her vigil, nursing her patient with all the love and tender- ness that had been lying dead in her heart fo twelve long years. In spite of the rest which the rules of the hospital forced her to take, she was nearly worn out, for when she was not on duty she was just fretting her heart out to get back to the bedside of her patient, who lay all unconscious of the sweet, sorrowful eyes of the woman who watched over him. And then a day came when the fever had burnt (*self out of Gerald's tired body, when all the delirium subsided, and instead a peaceful, quiet ,leep took its place. The ever-watchful presence was by his bedside, to give him his medicine when he should wake. The eyes opened and looked 'up and met a pair cf familiar grey ones—ones that through every changeful scene of the long years of his Indian service had been with him day and night. The feeble hands stretched out. _

"Jerry, do you know me?" And then, regard- less of the other inmates of the ward, her head was down on the pillow beside him. They did not talk very much; he was very weak, and his strength was soon exhausted. But they were together now, and no more bicycling squabbles would come between them. One day, when Gerald had begun to gain a little strength, he raised him- self on his elbow. "Etta, I'm such a broken-down wreck of a man now, you won't want to bind your bright life to

But for all answer she bent down and mopped gamy further words with a kiss.

LTIIE END. 3

===== 0002601_19040903_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
A GIRTON GIRL.

•By J. M. BECKETT, • Author of "Those Rubies," "Child Eyes," "Eliza,"

"That Slip of a Girl," Scc.

Of course it behoved Augusta Temple to live up to her name—any girl who had been so christened would feel it her duty to do so, for Augusta s do not grow on every bush, and they are generally superior persons indeed. Augusta Temple was certainly one of these in every respect, for she had been to Girton, where she had attended all sorts of possible and impossible lectures; she also frequently addressed meetings on "The Higher Education of Woman " ; she had just read a most brilliant and spirited paper at one of them on the "Total Subjection of Man," and had discoursed with vigour at a gathering in a certain hall in Piccadilly the knotty question of the "Complete Regeneration of the World "—all with capitals; and the said question, after much talking among Augusta and her friends, had been satis- factorily settled at one sitting. With many advantages of money, indulgent and doting parents, a luxurious home, and, in fact, every single thing that heart could wish for, still these good gifts that the gods had provided her with were not good enough. The restless spirit of this helter-skelter, go- ahead, dash-along end of the century had seized her; she had breathed it into her system years before, when her parents were not so well off as they were now, and Augusta had been sent to a high school. She had graduated—or whatever they do at such places—and she had lapped up the tenets of the high school faith as readily as a kitten does its milk.

To be good-looking, elegant, possessed of an average intelligence and learning, with charm of manner, sweetness, goodness and gentleness—to be, in fact, just a true woman—was, of course, not enough for a girl of Augusta's high intellectual attributes.

"Women, pooh! They were really awful bores, just poor, weak things, without an object in life beyond husbands' babies, and fancy work." Augusta would make a sweeping statement of this sort with a wave of her white hand in her positive way. As to children, of what account were they in the general scheme of things? They should be left entirely to nurses and people with no brains; certainly they were beneath the notice of such as Augusta altogether: There was nothing under the sun which she was not absolutely positive about—she had all her very up-to-date notions in battle array, and she never failed to march them forth on most occasions. She was an extensively-read young woman; indeed, she could generally floor the most learned professors who ever came to dine at her father's table. They never said much—those learned professors; they just left her to do all the talking. They were content to listen; probably they were struck dumb with Augusta's wisdom. She had whole pasbages from the "Celestial Guttersnipes," or the last issue of the "Skylight" library at her finger-tips. Shaksperei Dickens, and Thakeray, of course, were all very well for the poor female mind of the long ago, but nowadays, in this very enlightened age, nobody thought of reading them seriously; they had been completely swept away by the thrilling meanderings of the female novelist. As you will see, Augusta, was altogether a superior person, and a woman of intellect, and very delight- ful it must be to feel oneself such an entirely lofty and higher-educated personage. There was only one mistake about it all, and that was Augusta was pretty. Of course, it should not have been so, for what does intellect want with beauty? Nothing at all. But still such was the case, and pretty she undeniably was. Naturally, a woman of such high intellectuality could not fail to be a member of the Knickerbocker Club, which has its very superior quarters some- where out Barnes way. When Augusta and certain of her, special friends met together here their con- versation was warranted to strike awe into the average mortal's mind. _ _ _ _

The. Knickerbocker Club was a noble institution. Its •obj ect—which nobody had ever yet been quite able to discover—was a glorious one, and then one had only to witness the club bicycle parade, which took place every Tuesday and Friday, to be duly impressed, for a most imposing sight it was. Away they would fly on their wheels like lightning, twenty or thirty of them, in their beautiful divided skirts, and their very much undivided impudence, with their heads down and their backs up, in and out of the swarming carts and cabs, with anxious care writ large on their faces,which, in their unbounded faith in themselves they vaguely supposed as a nonchalant, don't-care-a-bang air. We have all seen something very much like them on an organ, I fancy. If one of them did condescend to come a cropper, and found her feminine modesty rolling in the duet, what matter that? And yet these ladies of the Knickerbocker Club never waxed more eloquent in their inconsistencies than on the subject of the total loss of chivalry in man. Man, they said, was a very debased animal indeed.

That sometiines an extra shadow would cloud Augusta's mother's brow, and.a faint sigh of some- thing very like regret escape from her, did not concern her daughter at all; mother was a dear, good, sweet creature, but so hopelessly behind the times. It was stupid to wish sometimes that one's only child would confide to her little everyday, commonplace, foolish flirtations and love troubles, and that sometimes she would be content to sit at home in the cosy drawing-room and busy her- self with her fancy work and suchlike everyday trifles, which were quite enough to interest her. Of course, this was all old-fashioned, and mother did not understand—she was only a mother, after all, and she had never been to Girton and attended lectures on the higher education of women. She had only one object in life, and that was to make her husband happy, and to be ready to listen patiently whenever Augusta chose to confide in her. Augusta's father, perhaps, was not quite so sympathetic with his daughter's quips and cranks; indeed, he had been known to use very bad language about her when, descending the stairs in the gloaming, he had come in sudden contact with Augusta's .new bicycle, which was displaying the charms of its personality in the hall, which is certainly not the right place for bicycles at all. Father and mother, perhaps ofttimes wished that their offspring would be a little more ready to spend her time in the dainty, pretty, girlish rooms their love and care had provided her with, that she would not always take life quite so seriously; in short, that she would a little e learly indicate to the world at large to what sex rie really claimed to belong. But there was one thing peculiar about Augusta, and that was that she was by no means indifferent to her personal appearance; shn was ,quite aware of her charms, and she dressed vell, if somewhat masculinely, in the general way; also, it did not appear to be beneath her to make herself as amiable as possible to that debased creature— the mere man—whenever he came across her path. But this is merely by the way. Augusta and her family had come up from the country to their town house, in Grosvenor-square. The season was just beginning, and they had arrived on the scene prepared to enter into it as far as Augusta's advanced notions would allow. Among other things, she rejoiced greatly to be once twain in the areas, so to speak, of her Knicker- bocker Club, from the delights of which she had, for three long, weary months, been debarred. To-night there was Mrs. Heaton's ball, which would be quite one of the events of the year for the "society " papers to gush and wax eloquent over. Augusta, in her very superior and lofty way, condescended to take an unusually long time in the performing of her toilette, and she certainly did look a very charming and beautiful figure, indeed, as she came downstairs in an unusually pretty and frivolous frock of something flimsy, and cloudy, and billowy, which floated about her in an altogether charming manner, warranted to create havoc in the breast feminine—and masculine too. And who would have thought that underneath all that society chiffon lay all those very advanced and very lofty comical notions? _ _ _

Augusta was soon being whirled away into tho vortex of Mrs. Heaton's revels.

That Captain Gerald Thornton—" Beauty " Thornton as he was known among his special friends of the Guards—would be there, perhaps had had a good deal to do with the especially fascinating costume Augusta had selected to don to-night, though if her very dearest friepd had dared even to hint vaguely at such an idea She would have been treated to a cold stare and a stately shrug of the superior shoulders. But, of all the inconsistencies of the world, as everybody who has had anything to do with them is perfectly aware, the Woman of Progression is the iinc!t inconsistent. Well, perhaps she might be forgiven for stooping to such very feminine, and therefore very foolish. weakness.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
"GO AND PLAY GOLF."

Lord Stanley of Alderley's Advice to the

Premier:

Speaking on Wednesday night at Wellington Hall, near Chester, in support of the candidature of his son, the Hon. Arthur Stanley, for the Eddisbury division of Cheshire, Lord Stanley of Alderley said Mr. Balfour, who was the frontispiece for Mr. Chamberlain— (langhter)—said he only intended at the next election to ask for a mandate to threaten retaliation in order to push wider Free Trade. The speaker hoped nobody would be such fools as to give Mr. Balfour a mandate for anything, except to go home and play golf. (Laughter.) When Mr. Chamber- lain returned from South Africa and saw the horrible muddle the Government were in with the Education Bill he had sufficient of the twilight, of his old Liberalism to see what a bad policy that was for a man who posed as a popular leader. Mr. Chamberlain, however, made a great mistake if he thought that starting a new abomination would make people more ready to condone the old abomination that political blunders had a cumulative effect.

TRUSS.—New washable waterproof is the most suit able for tropical climates; it is light, clean, cool, com- fortable and durable; can be worn whilst bathing.-7

WHITE SC WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument Maker, 93 Renshaw-et., Liverpool.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
-

MOTOR NOTES.

A case which raises some points of the greatest interest to motorists in general has just been heard at Greenwich. A professional chauffeur was summoned for breaches of the Motor Car Act, and his employer was also summoned for causing the offences to be com- mitted.

There were three charges in all. The first was con- nected with not having the weight of the car painted on its side, although it was drawing another vehicle and exceeded 15cwt. unladen. This is a purely techni- cal offence, and might well happen with any large car towing a disabled.sister. The second summons, which resulted in a fine of 40s. and costs, was for having on the towed vehicle a brake which only acted on one wheel ; and the third, ultimately dismissed on account of an error in the manner in which it had been issued, was for failure to have two independent brakes acting upon the car to which the first ',summons referred.

Now this last is a print which is too frequently neglected and it is satisfactory to note that official notice has been taken of the matter. The Motor Car Act distinctly enjoins that two independent brakes shall be fitted, and that each brake shall act upon the two wheels carried on the same axle. This wording, there- fore, makes it quite plain that the brake acting upon the two driving wheels can only be regarded as one, and not as two, as some makers insist. Moreover, the

phrase "two independent brakes " puts this feeble minded contention out of court at once.

It seems most extraordinary that it should be necessary to legislate for the safety of the drivers themselves ; but it is even more remarkable that there should arise an occasion for enforcing the penalty which non-observ- ance of this regulation 11lows. The man who deliber- ately sets out on a tour knowing full well that one brake has been taken off and that the second is not really reliable is on the mental plane of the servant maid who goes to look for an escape of gas with a lighted candle When the inevitable occurs, no doubt both of them feel themselves hardly used by fate—if they have a chance of thinkingat all—but in each case it is only the obvious effect of an easily preventable cause.

The side entrance, which has been such a feature on many of the large cars this year, has much to be said both for and against its use. When lady passengers are to be carried, it is certainly more convenient for them to be able to step into the vehicle from the kerb stone instead of being compelled to go first into a muddy or dusty roadway in order to reach the tonneau door. On the other hand, many of the side-openings are so narrow as to make matters very little better for thera,so far as their dresses are concerned, for, by the time they have squeezed in the little aperture, their gowns are crumpled and tumbled,and, not infrequently,muddied as well.

If the side-entrance is to he adopted, the wheel-base must be extended,so as to allow for a proper-sized door being used. On the Decauville brougham, the side- doors employed are exactly the same as those upon an ordinary horse-drawn brougham, and by this means the full advantages of the side-entrance are attained. The chassis used for this vehicle is extra-long ; but, so far from this being a drawback, it is an advantage, for a long car steers far more steadily, especially over greasy roads. _ _

Many of the alleged side-doors are not doors at all, but are merely a species of sliding panel. Upon other cars, the front seat sometimes swings back and thus allows entrance to the rear part of the car, which is it- self quite enclosed. Personally, we prefer a door of some description to be fitted independently of the fore portion. There is more or less of a scramble in getting in or out when the passengers in front have to be dis- turbed for the purpose, whilst in the event of having to jump out man emergency, the advantages of a rear or side door will be at once appreciated.

The Motor Cycling Club's Team race resulted in a win for the Coventry Club with the M.C.C.'s tearn oteond.

The event was run off upon Oxfordshire roads and all arrangements made had been so well planned out before- hand that everything passed off sithout a single hitch. We should like to 'see the Auto-Cycle Club take a lesson in management and organ ization from this body and bring off their little fixtures with equal success. Indeed when it is borne in mind that this latter association charges heavy entrance fees, the competitors have every right to expect that the work shall be done at least quite as conscientiously as that performed in a sister club where the officials are honorary and no profit what- ever is attempted to be reaped from the different fixtures its committee plans for the season.

The Trimo" was the only tri-car which survived the Thousand Miles Trial. This machine has certainly come off with flying colours in open competitions on the road this year and has demonstrated the reliability which can really be attained with a machine of this class. It will be remembered that this was about the only one to make the run from London to Edinburgh at Whitsuntide within the specified twenty-two hours.

More side-cars have recently been seen upon the high roads leading out of London, .but it is doubtful whether these will ever attain the amount of popularity that was predicted for them. rhe position for the passenger is the most comfortable of all; but the side-strain on the mltor cycle to which the carriage is attached is evidently too great, unless the frame is exceptionally well designed. The terrible accident recently reported as having happened to Mr. Langley while touring in Dovedale was much exaggerated in the general press but at the same time it was quite bad enough. The wonder is that under the circumstances, it was not much worse. Mr. Langley, according to his own account, was driving his 12 h.p. Decauville down a steep hill, at a speed he estimates to have been between forty and fifty miles an hour, when it struck a hump in the road surface. It turned aside, by the force of the impact, to the side of the road, caught a chain railing, the shock throwing the driver out. This was fortunate, as it happened, for the vehicle then turned over, and, otherwise, he must have been pinned underneath. The front wheels were damaged—one, indeed, was wrecked; but the engine itself appeared to be absolutely unhurt, a fact which speaks volumes for the soundness of its construction.

At the same time, a car can never be regarded as the same after such an accident has happened. The obvious defects ruay be repaired ; but there are certain injuries which may not be imrnesliately apparent but are almost certain to have been inflicted. Personally, if I were unfortunate enough to have so had an accident with my car, I should never attempt to use it myself again for a long journey, for T should never again have complete faith in its reliability. There are so many parts that must be injured after an accident like the above, that I should not feel safe at proceeding at more than a very slow speed indeed. • But then I cannot understand any- one driving down a hill at that rate. The car must have been going quite at the higher figure given—a terrible bat fora vehicle which was, apparently, beyond control—to encounter any obstruction whatever in the road. Collisions are sometimes unavoidable, and an accident resulting therefrom can be understood; but to be run away with by your own car seems to suggest bad driving in the first place and a want of resource in the second, and neither of these qualities are pleasing characteristics in a man who drives a fast vehicle.

It is possible that the brakes failed, though it is hardly likely that both were useless. If they were, then the car had been very carelessly prepared for the road. At any rate, before it had attained so great a speed, and directly the driver began to fear it was getting too much for him to control, he had two or other devices at hand to retard its progress, if he had understood sufficient of its mechanism. He could have slipped his change speed lever into the lowest notch, retarding his spark and throttle to the utmost. He could have switched off, with the lowest speed in gear, and run her down against the compression of the engine. Or, as s last resource, he could have slipped in his reverse. If his foot brake was working, the second plan would not have been anadvisable one to adopt because on the Decauville the foot brake takes out the clutch; but the first would have answered very well. So long as a driver has steady nerves and a cool head, there is not the slightest reason why any car should get beyond control.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
"WHY DON'T YOU DRINK VI-COCOA P"

Every working man and woman should be asked this question daily. The opinion of the Rev. F. F. Taylor, of Suddenham. near Manchester, who writes :—" I like Dr. Tibhles' Vi-Cocon, very much, and have used it every day. I be- lieve it is all you represent it to be. It is far away to be preferred to tea, coffee, and other cocoas," is the opinion of thousands. You must have read the striking testimony that is being published daily respecting' the merits of Vi-Cocoa. And yet you have not tried it. We advise you to do so at once.

Dr. ribbles' Vi-Cocoa can be obtained in 6d. packets and 9d. and is. 6d. tins from all grocers and stores ; or the proprietors will send you free a dainty sample tin upon receipt of a postcard to 60, Bunhill Row, London E.C., asking them to do so.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
A WEDDING FIASCO Ay RUNCORN.

There was .a.i:erial-ple wedding fiasco at Runcorn Parish Church on Sunday. A young man of Newton had arranged to marry a young woman who resides in Cross- street. The banns had been published, and the ring bought, and the Rev. W. Scholes attended the parish church to perform the ceremony at 9 a.m. The bride and her attendants duly put in an appearance, but the bridegroom came not; and as the hour of morning service was drawing nigh, the clergyman postponed the ceremony until noon. In the meantime a search was made for the bridegroom, who was found at his home. He explained that he had overslept himself, but promised faithfully to turn up at church at twelve o'clock. A large crowd assembled to witness the postponed ceremony, but they were doomed to disappointment, for on this occasion neither bride nor bridegroom were on view. It was understood that the bridegroom had changed his mind, and that the marriage was " off." The disappointed bride is of poor parentage, and it is said that the neighbours in the locality where she lives are subscribing funds in order that she may take legal action.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEA

vanitybttWliitnu ge; White hair -LHE fell( deterred el Make ~ a get t ~..dow HE dyer con ungry E %ok as a CRANDINI )i)!ttry, To ling a few

eagerly sc taered ?

IN HAT :thought m°n't•cher-

A (If the Pull Vornan or " NVIIAT „IA steLei AUseian a

WHEN 3 eidewaik Under his the umbre You are.

k ANCIELP "tore): eaiiors rru !ight out 8 'ighted it E

:ot r,ul4ll:ale:'‘t:ai!:, rL, evr:‘abP::P-hri:eail-:083t.' - stss,‘o-'ll' tarryi,,,h Pti Whorl 'llendFio, Poor little b GOOD i •13,rewntonE .7at?" . '''aern to d

"THAT' ('`lniplaioe( t!rpot ha( DIQk them aS they Itiervatory ; trYing to 80lie 74'11g a 13( It I Were y a A NICE "..4dghter .; I don't

4 eIIOCKI part' ihrtieelar. thing.. JACK : I I,lllachine '"tek Up the tLAN AP, ;lie trout ( ,or %Warm hi it.'.

s_MONSIE Make ti 'AOOsieur beeeine •c 4 DID y Ires, onl 14, at tit "3PPe tight me

A . to4l.lhique mitlg Chi 5144 tlesdav thicillet, Srhhas be from 1141,;'4 stat, t teceiv tettloithrrii t PY a 1;

' , • • -

===== 0002601_19040903_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDS AND ENDS.

-- You can't convince a girl with a big waist that the one with a small one doesn't lace outrage°uslY• BETH (watching robin build its nest is a tree near the 'window): "Oh, mamma, here's a bird crocheting a work-basket." JOHNNY : "P, what is meant by deecriptive writing '? " Pa : "Descriptive writing, my son, is that part of a book that is generally skipped." rnost , GIRLS are but weak creatures, but the ethereal of the.. cauthrow a mau over with toe greatest of ease. little Pr is difficelt, after you have failed, to get people to take into consideration how good your inten' tions were. SHW HAD BEEN THERE.—Mrs. Gushing: picturesque the Rhin- ie " Mrs. Newroeksi "Very much so Oar guide-books had lots a pictures of it." MF.S. SPENDALL--" You look worried. Is ib all because you are so deeply in debt?" Mr. Spens (gloomily)—" No; it's because I can't get, any deeper. A DIFFERENCE.—Mother (severely) " Robert, have you ben fighting ? " Little R ,blrt (badli battered): "No, ma'am; I have—boo, hoo I—nee° foueht WirE "Well, all is over. The servant hae served a notice on me to quit." Husband (r,O:, signedly): "Wait until I pack my things, and I " go with you." e a "THOSE pugilists look very much alike, ad Spatts. "Wait until they begin work, and you'll fled the resemblance even more striking," Blooburn per. WE would give a good deal for the contentment and camplacency of a man who uses big words wrongly. ALL SHE WAS SURE Or.—Patrice: 4' I hop: you are not marrying him solely for his money- Alice : "I hope not—but that's the only tbing l'm sure of." replied EASILY ANSWERXD.—HiggIe : "Which of the actors in the play impressed you most favour' ably?" Diggle : " Winderly." " Why ?" gave me two tickets for the show.'' ONE EXCEPTION.—She: "All the world loves a lover." Despairing Suitor "Ye, exeepting the other fellow who loves the same girl." TOURIST: "tut does the chimney always arn„°ll.6 Ike this?" Landlord: "Oh, no! Oily vine- there's a fire in the grate." BUNG: "The trouble with a bore is one never knows what to do with him." Wink: " I'l° at all. The trouble is one's always afraid V° do it." HER PAPA: "You must remember, sir, that till daughter has been used to an atmosphere of refill!' ment." The Young Man: "Yes, she told me t",°„ other night that the perfume she uses costs eigu: shillings an ounce. But 1 know where 1 CAII geD a big discount on the same stuff." LADY HELPER (to small boy) : "Will you ha,ve some more bread-and-butter ?" Small boy : , fear; not while there's any kike about.' La,"' Helper (trying to be kind): "Cake? Certainly Will you have plum or seed?" Small B 1: "Plum of course. D'ye tyke me for a canary. WHAT HE ESCAPED.—Visitor, , "The houses al pretty far apart, I see." Suburbanite (jut move,. In): "Fine, isn't it? If the young lady in 1 next house is learning to play the piano, you eau" hear her." "How will you have your eggs cooked? ' askei the waiter. "Make any differenee in tne cost 0 'ern ?" inquired the customer, cautiously. "No." "Then cook 'em with a nice slice o' ham," said th° customer, greatly relieved. "I noticed this morning, Mary, that the milk- man kissed you. I want you to understand the° herea.fter I shall go to the door myself when he, cernes !" "On, don't trouble yourself, ina'ain - He promised me solemnly that he would never ILlss alivisedy but me !" le Ireland recently a quarrel had taken place at a fair, and a culprit was being sentenced for slaughter. The doctor, however, had give.' evidence to show that the victim's skull was et'" normally thin. The prisoner, on being asked i1.:16 had anything to say for himself, replied 05 yer honour; but I would ask was that a skull I°- a man to go ta a fair wid ? " A tramp rang a doctor's bell and asked the pretty young woman who opened the door if would be so kind as to ask the doctor if he ha"; Pair of old trcusers he would kindly give aisv:%; "I'm the doctor," said the smiling lady. Anu tramp fainted. Miss ANTIQUE: "No, rITI not going to Mrs.; Whitehair's reception," Miss Budd: " WhJ not?" "Oh, she always talks about old times, and that makes me tired; I don't see how you cao stand her." "But, my dear, her subjiict is new to most of us, you know." PROBABLY A WALK OVER —One day Tonna,' accompanied his mother on a shopping expeditior, and, seeing a large candy man in a confectioner's window, he paused in front of it with a velstr° look; then turning away regretfully, seid "Mamma, then, lick that fellow with both haade tied behind me." A STATISTICIAN says the earth would be hosted more than a hundred and ninety thousand degree? by being suddenly stopped—that is, it would av once become more than sixty times as hot at melted iron. Anyone who, knowing these facts' attempts to stop the earth ought to be severe', dealt with. Y. INCLUSIVE.—" It strikes me," said the lawyer.- new client, "that your charge for an opinion Is pretty extravagant." "No doubt," said tilfs, lawyer. "But, you see, when you come and as' me for an opinion which violates all my convictions! you've got to pay not only for your law, but I°' my conscience.' CUSTOMER: "I thought I told you to pint Ine sitting on the verandah of my house. you've glinted the verandah all right, but there's uoboal on it." Artist : "Of course not. The paiating represents an afternoon view. The sun w°°l' then be on the front of the house, and of course you wouldn't be eitting in the sun. The picture' true to art and to nature. You are supposed to b° sitting in the back garden." A SCIENTIST says: The pala)zeic cockroeches are distinguished from living species by having live veins in the wings meted of four, and heviug decided meeozaic aspect." This is highly iinP°r- tent ; but a woman when she sees one of these I°- secte will not care whether it has five or fifteen veins in the wing. She will give a scream, drag her skirts tightly about her, and give the inse,°,l such a violent rap with an old shoe that it ev" have more of a mashed than a mesozoic aspect. .4 " THERE'S something wrong with this bill," the young married man to the milliner wha„b7, imported earision prices as well as styles. correct in every item," after looking it over' "Two guineas for that bird, no bigger than 01 fist?" "Yes, sir, and cheap at that. " right, madam, I'll pay you, but it's robbelli We had our first anniversary yesterday and a bought a ten pound turkey for seven sixpence." PROFE.iSOR HERMANN, till", conjuror, who, 11° couteet with astonishing the folk who crowd to see him nightly at the Nouveautes, further astonishes and perplexes the Parisian public when he teltefs his walks abroad. One day, attired like a pay officer, he went into a poulterers and a hare. "Is it quite fresh?" asked he. 'ltlve9 killed yesterday," answered the poulterer. deed " said the unknown. "Then it was 0°11„ hall killed. Look ! " The hare escaped from ill' hand and darted down the street to the bewilder. ment of the shopkeeper. Sometimes the professor' wanders through the markets, and scares the ste' keepers by bringing the fish to life, and even re. stet-mg the boiled lobsters to their natural colotiri o.ie of his favourite tricks, which he has plei,e; off in almost every market of the habitable wor' is to purchase a basket of eggs and to make the vendor open one. In it are found two coins ; the people around immediately try to buy 1113 the remaining stock of eggs. But the dealer will °0 always part with them, but carries them home he broken in secret. A srm carman was enraged at a coal yard 512 he weet off to deliver his first load. He failed t° reborn and a search was thereupon instituted. 111 missiue man was found at the house where he put the coal in the cellar and had taken up "4 quarters in the kitchen. The cook said she e°u'd not get him to leave, &lei the carman was a:kte whit he meant be such conduct. " WhY, replied," I thouglit 1 was sold with the was weighed weighed witn it." 0 Do You LIKE CAKE ? Then why not eat as Olucays you want? KEENORA prepared Cake Flour 131 are cake-making easy and economical ; and the cakes. a delicious I Try the flour at our cost ; we send Yle. free ,1„11). packet on receipt of 2d. stamps for Pc'st3„ch Directions for making cakes are enclosed with e'g.4, packet. All grocers sell Keenora Cake Flour.—gr'S° Co., 38, Sir Thomas-street, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
I ____.....,, ....e!.r,..m_:•.-: , Th.e Exa Is ..._ , .....---- • PLEASANT PARAGRA.PITS. THE ST. HELENS SENSATION. THE ST. HELENS TR• Wit use brain-foods. so-called, mostly to feed Mrs. Burndred Before the Magistrates , INQUEST AND VER P 13°r vanity. , ,ist tilidi ~.,_grviza say dye to a gay old gentleman with THE CHARGE OF ATTEMPTED SUICIDE. Two Men Committed geously. "he hair and a dark moustache. _.._—_ a a a t At the St. Helens Town Hall j tree ip fellow who determines to smuggle is often ,• i a little deterred aim. ply by a sense of duty. Mrs. Ellen Burndred, of 33, South John street, Parr, County Coroner (Mr. S. Brighouse) c who,. figured so prominently last week in connection into the circumstances attending t. 0411Lx_ :a" They say ,t,hat it takes ~ three generations to with the St. Helens sensation, was brought e Duffy, 2, years of age, a colliery lab before the - • icriptive ,45 gentleman. She: Your grandson wul be magistrates on Monday on remand, charged with at- street, Sutton, who was found in my son, 1"1 right, then." 9 aotempted suicide, a plot of waste land in Warrin_ wad. „I,_, WHE CAUGHT MM.—Thirsty Terab : "How The previous week-end St. Helens was thrown into a after midnight on Saturday w. lid most) ~ 'i:Yi yer come ter git such a swell meal as yer sex ? " state of great excitement by the exhumation of the to be suffering from a with tea ''"ungry Hooley :"I represented masa ter de body of a girl who had live'd with Mrs. Burndred, and head in addition to other eeok as a policeman in plain clothes." the excitement was greatly increased when it was stated few minutes after he was it peoPle GRANDmAmma : "What are you doing in the that Mrs. Burndred had attempted to drown herself. man named Richard Briody, Pantry, Tommy ?" Tommy: "Oh, I'm just nut- y Hackett, of 27. College-street The facts laid before the coroner's jury on Monde ir intew tie .- week were to the effect that the custody of 'a girl named and, pending the coroner's il? a sew things away, gran'ma." .6i gelig ' YEs "he said "when I wasyoung I was Sarah Ann Jones had been entrusted to Mrs. Burndred the borough magistrates on , by the guardians in August, 1901. In April of this year death. The affair has cre Asrocks: _,,iterly sought after." "What reward WM the girl went back to the workhouse, but returned to townoind during the s• 1 lots of muered ? " asked the sweet young girl. Mrs. Burndred in June last. The girl,who,it is , allesed fi, proaeedings occupied,a la , t," WHAT killed Algy?" "Why a train of had been insured in 1901 for £2O 125., died, after ashort Police Court, where the Is it) trtlght passed through his brain and wrecked it, illness, on the 7th inst., and was buried on the 11th. stable Wood attended on Speaiall Wt-cher-know." Her body was disinterred by the police late on Saturday, and Mr. H. L. Riley. ap A "WOMAN'S RIGHTS LADY" wants the name the 20th inst., and a post-mortem was carried out the had.been allowed out o get anY °t the Pullman cars altered either to Pull•man-and- next day by a number of doctors. P olice-Constable Pe ' Robert, Vieinan or Pull-irrespective-of-sex cars. Mrs. Burndred had herself lost five of her children, to one on Sunday m. .information of a ro • 't (badly' " WHAT is his name?" "That's a secret. "A s,, but she seemed a respectable , ble woman and attendedthe Salvation Army meetings, though she was not, as has to Wa rrington New i !—beel3 .I, secret . What do you mean ?" "He's a b . een erroneously stated in some quarters, officially con- his back unconscio 'mission, and no one can pronounce it but him• self.” nected with or a member of thearmy. his shirt front was rant liali • Early on Sunday morning the 21st,Mrs. Burndred was from his mouth, and (re- e. WHEN you see a man going along a crowded rescued from a deep pool of water near Tickle's Brick- recovered consci I aDi „Icle walk carrying an umbrella horizontally works, at Parr, and she was consequently locked up. At later. The body , and :older his arm, always knock the back end of the police court shewas charged on the following Mon- George Riley the umbrella drown, unless the man is larger than day with this offence, and was remanded to gaol for a and three colt ad yodll bq are, week, notwithstanding the application by her solicitor, Ledger, were Mr replies i. ANGYr.rvA (who has never seen a revolving light ' " 11 L Riley, for bail. Warrington i re mete ' ' • The inquest on Sarah Ann Jones has been adjourned in question ) : .. ey o o How patient and persevering those to September 12. pending the result of the analysis of Th fll ' ,entmeoo i saiiors must ; iin, be, Reggie. The wind has blown the the organs of the girl's body. Briodv, wi . g word' l i!t out six times since they first lit it, and they've The police court was crowded yesterday, and a lot of Helens. . ghted it again each time.' people bad to be refused admission. Mrs. Burndred there. D '1 hop,e, 1 "1 woULD die for you !" exclaimed her elderly appeared in a nervous condition when she stood up in road, an. moneYr -'er passionately. "Oh, don't ! " she answered the dock. inkick Di ly thin; alarm. " I like your hair and moustache so woman to be Chief Constable Wood asked for theAt t to • remanded in custody to Walton Gaol until next Monday- body Ilea better as they are! " iof ' tit.- •" I don't see any reason for that fellow ,„. ....Mr. Riley made a strong claim for the right of Mrs. Bella , the Burndred to be admitted to bail. There was only one conti favour' ii7trying his head ao high in the air." Jill: "Can charge against her, and the bench could only take cog- it N be possible that you have overlooked his nisance of it. It 1;11s uot because the bench had read gro eel! s o ar . In the papers that there was a possibility of some other wh d loves Is „, "Why do you take that box of ointment with charge being laid against her that they should allow w ,ting th° ra When you go fishing?" asked Bessie of her these proceedings to hang over her head in that manner, t, jiend Flossie. "Oh, I feel so sorry for the poor when they could be concluded in half-an-hour. That ; rs smolt° mrih," answered Flossie. "So when I take them consideration was not good ground for them to do ly wheu 0,..1. the hook I always put a little ointment on their indirectly what they could not do directly—viz., to vuor little mouths." deprive her of her liberty. There was no reason on earth wof attempted suicide should no , by that charge. . . ,ne never Goon Scakssz. "Whatever induced the . 64 NOO lir° I._ WinOnS to put in their summer in u house- be heard and dealt with, either by dismissing her . sending her for trial. Benches of magistrates throu• ,fraid to . 7,7 at?" ..It makes it comparatively easy for out the country recognised the futility and the absurd 'ern to dodge their creditors." of trying to punish people far something which, im that uIY t "THAT'S the third tack I have stepped on," diately after the period of punishment had expired, 3f refine' ,L°laplained Wheeler the night after the new could do again unless their mind and disposition d me eh! ,7,r m Pat had been laid. "I don't believe I Could undergone some great change. He suggested t. • Fits eight: wok the up any faster if I bed pneumatic feet." bench might dismiss her with a caution. f. OM go" Ile Mrs. Burndred in As they emerged from the darkness of the con- The magistrates remanded ~ rvatory and entered the brilliantly lighted room, --40.----....... qv- You bave ,4 NO . It% to look unconcerned, her dearest friend %id l" •so imtously, " I would insist upon George AN EARLESTOWN MYSTE r •y : ~,,, tile ~ Laay i. og a better quality of dye on his moustache -- --• " ertalolP I were you." l 80l ; tia A NICE DISTINCTION.—Timmins: "Can your Woman Found Dead on the HI ,„aghter play the piano?" Robbins, wearily: On Sunday afternoon a young girl nem: nary ? a k don't know whether she can or not, but ahe playing on Newton Common, Eeriest. iuses aro seek,' came upon the dead body of a worn' it moved unknown. Information was given to • -he clitocral• : "Does learning the. bicycle ' require y in 'it, iin „ Y particular application?" "No ; none in d the body to await identilicati remove . ou caa any. abrasions were found on d the neck, be , i•l'Lsrticular. But arnica is about as good as -oteg.9 signs of a struggle having taken pine: , asked is a police description of the dead w. ~ JACK: "Mamma, papa said our bodies are like A about 50 to 55; stoutly b • cost 0: - alAged 4. achine.72 Mamma: "Yes; my son, they are." eyes; dressed in black shirt; tigh • 43!1e, k : " Wel 1, do I have to take cod-liver oil to fancy work on the wrist and colk said We h oli the machine !" men's lace up boots. I_Alv, AreHOPRIATIC PENALTY.—" My wife locks THE INQU • se m t ill‘' .ust trout door and then I lock it." "What's that On Monday evening Mr. Brig, mid OW) stirs.. , • I don't propose to have her get me out ot the Earlestown Town Hall. when he 4 v, . arm bed to go down and see if she has locked police report which stated the ins a a girl named Margaret Eva dyer kW to/lONsiEnit DE FRANCE : "You wind up ze clock Common with other girls iv' I, make him go 2" English Tutor: "Exactly!" a woman lying on the gro at place -401isieur de France: "Zen what for you wind up Harold Case, who was alo to make him stop?" or nzA°: %ci Viaduct-street. and they w heesiness d give:Tommy?" found deceased's clothes ~ '4 DID you ever laugh until you cried was 4"- Yes" Well, bent at the knee, her h 1,. , only this morning." "What at ? ted if „"e" " War Cry," which had r stepped on a tack and I laughed; then ps upon it was found clos, -qught me laughing and I cried." skull for Ship Inn and told a ill AcToit : When I stand on the stage I see noth- P.C. Campsie. Whe. % kid tit ' 3) and lam conscious of nothing but the rd's I clothes had been pu playing. The audience disappears entirely. who had come from )1,, if su., f rielid : Well, I can't blame the audience much her back in a kind r e bs'a .1. that ! the front of her ~, ovals T recently done. .... t_- tk Fit LAST TEETH —" What are the last teeth y Arid the stains on her bo. tilat come?" asked an Ormskirk teacher* of her Mr. Brighoust to Mrs. 4 bOy. ain physiology. u False teeth, mum," replied examination to that the woma Lan - lio, x: So you want a square meal? Tramp' had not yet s d Ones. ell ; I'm looking for a round one. Lady: I pedlar's certi ' you CO he t 'Oll. heard of such a thing. Pray what is a name, of Eli Ls new W 4/1:113d meal? Tramp: One dat hasn't any end to Manchester 'blown ? believed to TornMi i V 4ANCES : " Mamma, why do they call i t the previ , iedition, 41,110ther' of pearl? Is it because it's so vain- so tha .ctioner's s.2e?" Mamma: "Oh, it's not so very valuable." of bothA 6 vtistfulMr. I..74uces : "Well, it ought to be because I don't , said : .kio - 9 to ask. th hEs4de est anything valuabler than a mother. ~ 4 1,0 A men h 4,., ir An.—Mr. Henpeck :" I wish Some. sort,. ees .l. had the knowledge of the ancient not e heated illgYptians." Feiend : "In regard to what, old the • L degrees 4,411? " "Perhaps you've seen some of their T yould at ate • ~,. ones. They understood how to make a m' hot 'US- co se fsots, Tlan dry up and remain so." It lIE SMARTEST Ryan.—" We got rid of all the t several,' es 4 .6,., t our country place." "How did you do it?" .45oured some molasses in the back of our spring- lawyer's' 4_ g .gor? ; then, when the dies were all well occu- pinion is I,i with it, our man gob in and hauled them off aid th: t,4 7 :own." and to- 40pKEEPER : "Come here, Fido ! Fine anima ViCtiooo, r,4t. Your dog, sir?" Customer: "My do , but for a 'lope not.. Would not be followed about by s * 4 cur as that." Shopkeeper: "Get out, mint Mel rete ! I hate doge." you've kts. LAsH: "What did you get baby uobecil ihrthctay present?" Mrs. Rash: "I took et _ pal -atiug illi 1, ugs out of the little darling's ban 'Ull a WOW t ght him this lovely lamp for the d ,f eoUrse 00erws ict tire je ti:( IT's hard to be happy once you've got led te b° ,:b for saying sarcastic things,'' remark - 4111:1 man. "What's the trouble?" croschee 41 ether friend. I complimented him o , e ving ac 4:Bt cool-headed person I ever saw. Liaving a ,lallusion to the fact that he is to y iinpor" 4r -l-irs idea of her having the nerve Lhese ie. st h saw the light in 1878. "1 wo et• ,i• tifteeo i• too harshly. Perhaps she i igli, tt In, drs'e ie inseob OLD - th_ LADY: "My poor UM, It it will ii,gt Strong drink stingeth like a oect. ~ o's an adder?" Bilonloas-look' Th• ii,,, said 1, la don't, lady. It's only o who "II rti to lor o poor to buy the kind y id It it t„rrllY ST. LEDGER: "My it oVer' Vt; this button before 'you ife . .. • e • than MY, pi The cook may poss I 4 1 AIL se hear,in mind you ma, robberYi , 'fiVng maehirr..." - r arid ,I. 1 . •-. ,-; ,!„, T inky inaireat you, ren art' qiied missionary, who w 14 °el, "if I tell you of rho, 1 ileb I • 404 tithe. While goin 1 rd to se° to face with a ho 'itt t tonishe j eat, and I had no ke9 to he ts % 4 ,cd perfectly stil half' Ouily in the eye t a ootip, ' -7athleBs little bo • 'lt said 'a t iiil I A, .1 PP 1144 name for the . as OnlY qiit was lost in from his Ito' Wit like the ewilder- 12 414 have her ta4 irofessor 141 eutly. " the stall L. Oen, and eveu rs- th e will c. a colour,' stern re' 1 plaYeu Pik hp --sx Lit , world, yq„ra awi ri.ko th.: y,sot, ni Is ; tit; 4,-'4. T r up t"" b,:teelf." will net in:it e aome t° tmaes ard and 'keit, loh fp,ited to th; ad. VI Iti 2 up 13,1 I coat,. 'es a'ked bye,' be coal.-L --- s 01°12 a ur MA° calceS al.: end '.0911 - stage' p 0 ffith eac'' .ggESC)° ,

........'"ul'a

,ist thsti geously. ja a tree a little

leriptiVe s?/4 lid 0108 D • with WIC

t penPle Lt• inten-

Acrocke: 1 lots °i

IS ib Speaiall get &IV

Robert, ,t (130411

rant and (re" and ro

:6," said yodll replieti

rentineo g WOrail

hop,e, money. iy thin;

1 of the favour- it 6. go

d loves 6 ,ting the

~ smoke ly %lieu

ne never . 64 NOO

fraid to

that ml 3f refine' d me 1° ate eight : [Cs, goy

VOU baVe ,4 'l3 LOY iertaWlY. 511 ;

;ages a ice It move' in zh° oil can -

, askei

cost "No. said OA

ne Ind thet) milk when he nvearn!

aver 1;16

Waco ab or wd,s 4u- 'skull for

kad t,h! )1,, if • bgea • 60,11' ik ad t3lB

to Whf d times. you caa Ls now W

Totnmi )ed i Oa. .ctioner's 6 vtistful B&W : Pth hErOde

e heted l degree, vould at hot se fact°' severe'?

lavvrar'.6 pinion le id tb and so— victions, I but fc't

mint nlei you've wibopaifltt al 3 WOOL' cotar icture 16 led to bG

croacheg ving iisviag y itnpor• Lhege tifteal m, dr je aw: ineev It it Will )43Ct• salu who h" g 4 It is it over' than 013: I 6 6 rObberP at3a ren ara—

rho, Ob rd to Se° toniSheg he belt' ' ihD 'lt sr° .1 PP .ra,s onlY from Ivo ewilder. irotessor the stall eveo re' colour; plaieu world, make th: Is up will nob [7,ores

ard Lod Failed to Th! r he up bill cotliv" a'ked by.ot coal'"1

RS muC- °33l;es CakeS end Yall postage; ffith eae, KgEs°l4-

===== 0002601_19040903_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRA.PITS. wa use brain-foods. so-called, mostly to feed our vanity. White hair dye to a gay old gentleman with "he hair and a dark moustache. THE fellow who determines to smuggle is often uaterred simply by a sense of duty. "They say that it takes three generations to Ke a gentleman." She: "Your grandson will be right, then." A.,•11' ow HE CAUGHT Han—Thirsty Terah : "How `lgg yer come ter git such a swell meal as yer sez ? " 'iangry Hooley : "I represented meself ter de el3olc as a policeman in plain clothes." GRANDMAMMA : "What are you doing in the tkatry, Tommy ?" Tommy: "Oh, I'm just put- ittg a Sew things away, gran'ma." YES," he said, "when I was young I wo.l "gerly sought after." "What reward WIIR Ilffered ? " asked the sweet young girl. 'WHAT killed Algy ?" "Why a train of :Votignt passed through his brain and wrecked it, "On't-cher-know." A "WOMAN'S RIGHTS LADY" wants the name ot the Pullman cars altered either to Pull.man-and- *(4llan or Pull-irrespective-of-sex cars. 'WHAT is his name?" "That's a secret." bi A secret ? What do you mean ?" "He's a '4lBBian, and no one can pronounce it but him.

•WHEN you see a man going along a crowded 'lcle walk carrying an umbrella horizontally 4nder his arm, always knock the back end ol the umbrella down, unless the man is larger than You are.

ANGEL/NA (who has never seen a revolving light e.aiiors uelore) How patient and persevering those must be, Reggie. The wind has blown the liNht out six times since they first lit it, and they've ighted it again each time." wouLn die for you !" exclaimed her elderly jover passionately. "Oh, don't!" she answered t' alarm. "I like your hair and moustache so kuch better as they are !" LILL I don't see any reason for that fellow ,rrYing his head ao high in the air." Jill: "Can " be possible that you have overlooked his collar ?

4‘ WHY do you take that box of ointment with When you go fishing?" asked Bessie of her ellen(' • Flossie "Oii, I feel so sorry for the poor Ault,33 3 answered Flossie. "So when I take them :14 the hook I always put a little ointment on their iNor little mouths.

"Whatever induced the rowntoos to put in their summer in u house- " It makes it comparatively easy for "lent to dodge their creditors. '• THAT'S the third tack I have stepped on," 'Pct had Wheeler the night after the new had been laid. "I don't believe I Could kgek them up any faster if I had pneumatic feet." they emerged from the darkness of the con- ,liervatory and entered the brilliantly lighted room, ..."tYing to look unconcerned, her dearest friend i,EI solicitously, " I would insist upon George a better quality of dye on his moustache `L I were you." 4 A NICE DISTINCrION.—Timmins : "Can your nhter play the piano?" Robbins, wearily: k • don't know whether she can or not, but she

citociziT : "Does learning the bicycle require ,:tIY particular application?" "No ; none in rrticular. But arnica is about as good as any. "Mamma, papa said our bodies are like I.tnscuine." Mamma: " Yes ; my son, they are." "Well, do I have to take cod-liver oil to "I' up the machine I" v_4o7, APPROPRIATIC PENALTY.--41 My wife locks tue trout door and then I lock it." " What's that 414?" "I don't propose to have her get me out ot warm bed to go down and see if she has locked

MONsiEUR DE FRANCE: "You wind uo zs clock I°l make him go!" English Tutor: "Exactly!" ~onsieur de France: "Zen what for you wind up beesiness to make him stop?" 4, 'bin you ever laugh until you cried Tommy?" 'r es, only this morning." "What at?" "Well, ,s.v4 etepped on a tack and I laughed; than pa "qtlght me laughing and I cried." Acrox : When I stand on the stage I see noth- :8) and I am conscious of nothing but the riYe I pin playing. The audience disappears entirely. riond : Well, I can't blame the audience much or that ti,THe LAST Terra —" What are the last teeth comet" asked an Ormskirk teacher* of her 480 in physiology. "False teeth, mum," replied a boy. liLany : So you want a square meal? Tramp: ; I'm looking for a round one. Lady: I tever heard of such a thing. Pray what is a is(ktod meal? Tramp: One dat hasn't any end to y, mum? i PaANCES : "Mamma, why do they call it t.teother of pearl? Is it because it's so valu- tie ?" Mamma "Oh, it's not so very valuable." I:44ees "Well, it ought to be, because I don't -"OW anything valuabler than a mother. tj Loir ART.—Mr. Henpeck: "I wish some. Cos I had the knowledge of the ancient tilgYptians." Friend: "In regard to what, old ,O?" "Perhaps you've seen some of their *Lion:riles. They understood how to make a °,nrean dry up and remain so." n SmARTEST EsER.—" We got rid of all the, 4;8 at our country place." "How did you do it?" oured some molasses in the back of our spring. ggen ; then, whea the dies were all well occu. Oct with it our man got in and hauled them off wn." 040pKEEPER : "Come here, Fido ! Fine animal, rt. Your dog, sir?" Customer: "My dog? 'lope not.. Would not be followed about by such eur as that." Shopkeeper; "Get out, yGu bite! I hate dogs." LikP.s. LASH "What did you get baby for a ihltheiay present?" Mrs. Rash: "I took eighteen L'llings out of the little darling's bank and 17tIght him this lovely lamp for the drawing- -eopro hard to be happy once you've got a reputa- :o for saying sarcastic things," remarked the cad. man. " What's the trouble?" "I've lost :ether friend. I complimented him on being the 4:34 cool-headed person I ever saw. He took it ,411 allusion to the fact that he is totally bald. ' 4 'Ttlit idea of her having the nerve to claim she herflt saw the light in 1878. "1 wopld not judge tco harshly. Perhaps she meant the arc fli°l-D LADY "My poor man, don't you know strong drink stingeth like a serpe.A and biteth I:an adder?" Bibaloas-looking Party (sadly) : 4.41 s don't, lady. It's only cheap watered stuff. ttoo poor to buy the kind you refer to." th'IARRy ST. LEDGER: "My dear, won't you bew N't; this button before •you go out?" His New 14;4 "The cook may possibly do it for you, but it "48e bear,in mind you married a typewrite', nst 1111 W., ; 214 - may ifiterai you, children," said the re. i'olk;eed missionary, who was addressing the Sunday- (43., "if I tell you of an adventure I once had teclia. While going through a jungle I came tiTl'o, to face with a lion. There was no chance of IJ%U, and I had nothing to defend myself with. .ed perfectly still and looked the fierce beast Oclily in the eye." "Which eye?" asked a ' thless little boy in he infant class. ‘I44I)AeA," said the young mother, "l've decided 11.4 name for the baby. ' We will call her Imogen." Ole was lost in thought for a few minutes. He /14t like the name, but if he opposed it his wile 14:_1114 have her oan way. "That's nice," said he, ently, "Iy first sweetheart was named litgen, and she will take it as a compliment." th've will call her Mary, after my mother," was 's Stern reply. ht,ltvr Little Girl (at fashionable summer resort): yo le awful glad to get 'quainted with you, 'cause yobtt re nice." Second Little Girl: " So'm I with 14'4' That's what we come for. Mamma says so WWI" To get 'quainted ?" "Yes, with nice tllnte—people in society, you know." " Wny 144,8 just what mamma wants. We're to gee %filleted with people in sogkity." "Ain't you in 3+o",',stv in the city ?" "No. You are, aren't th;?" "No. We've been rakin' and scrapin' *isi Whole winter to come here and get 'quainted People in society, you know." "So've 6:1 your folk ain't anybody at home? "Neither are we." Guess there ain't t.qt4l use in us gettin"quainted." "Guess not." 4°d-hve." " Good-bve." "Good-bye." A en,.lt'

aitiliktlique gathering of Free-masons attending the forth- Church Congress at Liverpool will be held on sclay, October sth, and will be followed by a over which the Earl of Lathom will preside. b(ltriluaß been arranged in order to give an opportunity 'ttaße:ting members of the craft attending the Con- k It 'mom all parts of the country. :41ve s Stated that Ex-President Steyn and his wife r,,r‘eceived permission from the British Government ‘ltcli‘tirn to South Africa in lle.:ember. They will DV. a farm near Bloemfontein.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ST. HELENS SENSATION. Mrs. Burntired Before the Magistrates THE CHARGE OF ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.

Mrs. Ellen Burndred, of 33, South John street, Parr, who figured so prominently last week in connection with the St. Helens sensation, was brought before the magistrates on Monday on remand, charged with at- tempted suicide. The previous week-end St. Helens was thrown into a state of great excitement by the exhumation of the body of a girl who had lived with Mrs. Burndred, and the excitement was greatly increased when it was stated that Mrs. Burndred had attempted to drown herself. The facts laid before the coroner's jury on Monday week were to the effect that the custody of a girl named Sarah Ann Jones had been entrusted to Mrs. Burndred by the guardians in August, 1901. In April of this year the girl went back to the workhouse, but returned to Mrs. Burndred in June last. The girl,who,it is alleged, had been insured in 1901 for £2O 125., died, after ashort illness, on the 7th inst. and was buried on the 11th. Her body was disinterred by the police late on Saturday, the 20th inst., and a post-mortem was carried out the next day by a number of doctors. Mrs. Burndred had herself lost five of her children, but she seemed a respectable woman, and attended the Salvation Army meetings, though she was not, as has been erroneously stated in some quarters, officially con- nected with or a member of thearmy. Early on Sunday morning the 21st,Mrg. Burndred was rescued from a deep pool of water near Tickle's Brick- works, at Parr. and she was consequently locked up. At the police court she was charged on the following Mon- day with this offence, and was remanded to gaol for a week, notwithstanding the application by her solicitor, Mr. 11. L. Riley, for bail. The inquest on Sarah Ann Jones has been adjourned to September 12. pending the result of the analysis of the organ. 3 of the girl's body. The police court was crowded yesterday, and a lot of people bad to be refused admission. Mrs. Burndred appeared in a nervous condition when she stood up in the dock. Chief Constable Wood asked for the woman to be remanded in custody to Walton Gaol until next Monday. Mr. Riley made a strong claim for the right of Mrs. Burndred to be admitted to bail. There was only one charge against her, and the bench could only take cor,- nisance of it. It was uot because the bench had read in the papers that there was a possibility of some other charge being laid against her that they should allow these proceedings to hang over her head in that manner, when they could be concluded in half-an-hour. That consideration was not good ground for them to do indirectly what they could not do directly—viz., to deprive her of her liberty. There was no reason on earth why that charge of attempted suicide should not be beard and dealt with, either by dismissing her or sending her for trial. Benches of magistrates through- out the country recognised the futility and the absurdity of trying to punish people far something which, imme- diately after the period of punishment had expired, they could do again unless their mind and disposition had undergone some great change. He suggested that the bench might dismiss her with a caution. The magistrates remanded Mrs. Burndred in custody.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EARLESTOWN MYSTERY.

Woman Found Dead on the Common. On Sunday afternoon a young girl named Evans was playing on Newton Common, Earlestown, when she came upon the dead body of a woman, at present unknown. Information was given to the police, who removed the body to await identification. Four small abrasions were found on the neck, but there were no signs of a struggle having taken place. The following is a police description of the dead woman : Aged about 50 to 55; stoutly built; grey hair and eyes; dressed in black shirt; tight fitting jacket, with fancy work on the wrist and collar, and an old pair of men's lace up boots.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INQUEST.

On Monday evening Mr. Brighouse held an inquiry at the Earlestown Town Hall. The Coroner read the police report which stated that at 1.30 p.m. on Sunday, a girl named Margaret Evans was playing on Newton Common with other girls when she noticed the body of a woman lying on the ground. She told a boy named Harold Case, who was along with several other boys in Viaduct-street. and they went and saw the body. They found deceased's clothes disarranged, her right leg was bent at the knee her hat was on her breast and a torn War Cry," which, bad the name "St. Amant" written upon it was found close to her head. Case went to the Ship Inn and told a barmaid, who gave information to P.C. Campsie. When he arrived at the spot deceased's clothes had been put straight by a man named Roscoe who had come from the Ship Inn. The woman lay on her back in a kind of a dingle and had four abrasions on the front of her throat which had apparently been recently done. There were also a number of blood stains on her body which was removed to the mortuary. Mr. Brighouse stated that he ordered a post mortem examination to be made and that had revealed the fact that the woman bad died from natural causes. They had not yet succeeded in identifying deceased, but a pedlar's certificate was found upon the body giving the name, of Elizabeth Plum,- and address 20, Charter-st., Manchester.—In view of the fact that the woman was believed to have been seen in the company of a man on the previous night, he would adjourn the inquest so that the police might try and find out the identity of both the woman and the man. Mr. Attfield (foreman of the jury) said he would like to ask a question with regard to the long distance jury- men had to travel to the mortuary on a case of that sort, and he would like to know if a waggonette could not be chartered to convey he members of the jury to the mortaary. The Coroner replied that in several-places, where the mortuary was situated some distance out of the town,a I conveyance wassupplied for the jury. In Southport they had the good fortune to have a Town Council and they providedia conveyance for jurvmen.He would suggest that Mr.Tr.spector Forster be asked to put the matter be- fore Superintendent Cocker who might be able to allow the expenses of a waggonette in such cases, out of the contingent fund. He quite agreed that it was a long distance for jurymen to walk. Mr. Carlin, a juror, suggested that the mortuary ,should be removod into the Town Hall yard where it would be very handy. Another juror said that it would be objectionable in such a populous district. The Coroner said that the mortuary at Bootle was ir the Town Hall yard, and thousands of people passed it daily and never knew it was there. COuncillor Beaty stated that the district had been put to a great expense in building the mortuary at the cemetery. ?GMT'. Attfield said there bad been agitation on foot for ten years to have the mortuary removed to a more con- venient centre. The Coroner remarked that he hoped the Press would cease to give flaring and sensational head-lines in the papers. It caused‘persons to be trightened to walk about lonely places. The inquest was then adjourned.

CHILDREN GROW STRONG

fl 1)

===== 0002601_19040903_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Cadbury's

COCOA

because it is a perfect Natural Food of absolute purity, and ministers to the physical requirements of the young in an eminent degree. It contains all the essentials of strength and stamina, is easy of digestion, and does splendid work in the building up oi constitution.

The Medical Magazine says: "We are glad to give it the highest praise. For Strength, Purity, and

Nourishmelit there is nothing superior to be found.

• . •"$!:: , ‘,.l' t ‘‘: • . . . .

===== 0002601_19040903_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 3, 1904. THE ST. HELENS TRAGEDY. INQUEST AND VERDICT. Two Men Committed For Trial.

At the St. Helens Town Hall on Wednesday, the County Coroner (Mr. S. Brighouse) conducted his inquiry into the circumstances attending the death of Thomas Duffy, 27 years of age, a colliery labourer, of 11, Francis. Street, Sutton, who was found in a dying condition on a plot of waste land in Warrington New-road, shortly after midnight on Saturday week. Duffy was found to be suffering from a bad wound on the head in addition to other bruises, and died a few minutes after he was discovered. A young man named Richard Briody, better known as Patrick Hackett, of 27. College-street, was afterwards arrested, and, pending the coroner's inquiry, was remanded by the borough magistrates on a charge of causing Duffy's death. The affair has created great excitement in the town, and during the seven hours, which yesterday's proaeedings occupied,a large crowd gathered outside the Police Court, where the inquiry was held. Chief-Con- stable Wood attended on behalf of the police authorities, and Mr. H. L. Riley. appeared for the man Briody, who had.been allowed out on bail by the magistrates. _

P olice-Constable Perry deposed that about ten minutes to one on Sunday morning, the 21st inst., he received information of a row, and went with Constable Murant to Wa rrington New-road. They found Duffy lying on his back unconscious. He was without hat or cap, and his shirt front was open: Blood and froth were coming from his mouth, and blood from his nose. He never recovered consciousness, and died about ten minutes later. The body was removed to the mortuary. George Riley, of 9, Frazer-street, Parr, said that he and three companions, named Herring, Connor, and Ledger, were standing at the corner of Parr-street and Warrington New-road about twelve o'clock on the night in question, and saw some men running along the road. They followed tla see what was the matter, and saw Briody, with his coat and cap off, running towards St. Helens. Near the Baths Hotel he saw several men there. Duffy and a man named Egan were lying in the road, and witness saw another man, named Bellard, kick Duffy three or four times, once on the head. At the request of the coroner witness went into the body of the court, which was filled, and picked out Bollard as the man who kicked Duffy. He afterwards , continued his evidence. He said he told Bollard OW it was not fair t 9 kick a man whilst he was on the ground, and was about to strike Bellard for doing so when he saw Briody coming up with his coat off. Witness did not see Briody kick or strike the deceased, though he appeared to attempt to kick him. Witness and his companions went towards the Albion Hotel,and were joined by Briody and Bellard, who had left. Duffy on the ground. Bellard said to Briody, "Let's go back and finish him," and Briody replied, "What use are you if we do go back ?' I've just knocked five or six out myself." In reply to Chief-constable Wood, witness said he had known Briody for some time. James Ledger, collier, gave evidence corroborative of 'Riley's statement, adding that Briody said to him, "1 I have just knocked out four or five Welshmen." He turned back with witness and his companions, and showed them where Duffy was lying on the ground unconscious. Witness afterwards saw Duffy lying unconscious on the waste land. where someone had removed him to, and, becoming alarmed, he went and gave information to Constable Rigby.—ln reply to Mr. Riley, witness said he knew that Briody had been a pro- fessional boxer for sometime, and when a boxer spoke of "knocking a man out" he meant with his fist. Briody explained to witness that he and his companions had met a party coming in the opposite direction, and when one of his companions asked for a match they were told they were a match for them.

gichael Herring, a collier, also rave corroborative evidence.

Peter Clark,a labourer, stated that he was going along Warrington New-road, and saw a man lying on the foot- path. There were two other men near. One was kneeling down, apparently feeling at the unconscious man's heart, and the other was standing by. Witness askei who had done that, and without saying anything in reply one of thp men ran away. The other one was also going to run, but witness asked him not to do so, as he would only get locked up. The man who remained said he did not know the unconscious man was as bad as he turned out to be. Witness and he carried deceased on to the waste land. Witness did not know who the man was. Witness met a group of people against the Albion Hotel. Amongst them was Briody, and witness I asked him if it was he who knocked that man out. Briody replied, "Yes I have knocked six men out." Michael Giblin, of Collins Green,one of the men with deceased's party, said they left the beerhouse in Sand- field-crescent at closing time, and in Warrington New- road, on their way home, near the Baths Hotel, they met five or six men coming towards St. Helens. They did not know the other men, but one of the other lot asked for some matches. They replied that they had not got one, and someone then shouted that they would have to have one. A man whom they called " Paddy " took his coat off. The first blow was struck by the I other party at Patrick Egan, and the latter struck back. A row thencommenced, and witness was twice kicked. Deceased and James Egan were both on the ground. Witness then ran away, and was afterwards joined by the other members of the party, who thought that deceased had also made his escape. Witness did not see deceased struck, and he denied that his party was spoiling for a 'fight. Several other witnesses were called, including Patrick Egan, one of deceased's party, who denied that any of his friends shouted that they were a match for the other side.—James Egan, brother of last witness, said he had to remain in bed on Sunday owing to the treatment he received.—Patrick Doherty, another member of Duffy's party, gave similar evidence. Michael Farrelly, a wire roller, 18 years of age said he was returning to St. Helens with Briody and his I companions on the night in question. Near to the I Baths Hotel they met the other party, and when they asked for a match the reply was. "Which way will you have it?" Bellard was at once knocked down Witness was struck on the face and knocked down and kicked.

Thomas Johnson, a collier, said Briody handed his coat and hat to him, when their companions were attacked. A FRACTURED SKULL. Dr. Masson, who had made a post-mortem examina- tion, said there was a fracture of the base of the skull. Death was due to compression of the brain by a clot of blood arising from the fracture of the skull. He was of opinion that the fracture had been caused by a kick and not by a fall on a projecting substance, though it was possible for the fracture to be so caused. THE ACCUSED'S VERSIONS. Richard Briody, who was under magisterial remand on a charge of causing Duffy's death, was then called, and was examinei by Mr. Riley. He said that on the night in question live of them were returning to St. Helens, when they met another party of five men going in the opposite direction. A man with them wanted a match, and one of the other party said, "I am a match for you any time," and struck Bollard. The same man sparred up to witness, and there was a general scrim- mage. . William Bellard, a collier, was also called. . VERDICT OF MANSLAUGHTER: TWO MEN CO MMITTE D. The Coroner having summed up, the jury retired, and were away for about twenty minutes. The Foreman, in answer to the coroner, said they were unanimously agreed tbat the fracture of the skull was brought about by injuries inflicted by Richard Briody and William 13e11ard, both of whom used more violence that was necessary.

The Coroner said that was a verdict of" Manslaugh- ter "against both men, and it was his duty to commit Briody and Renard for trial upon that charge.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
SPORTS AT CROFT.

Warrington Winners.

There were several Warrington winners at the fifth annual sports promoted by the Croft Horticultural Society which were held in a field lent by Mr. E. W. Sankey on Saturday. There were 321 entries, and the weather being beauti folly fine nearly 2,000 spectators assembled. .1. Fish, of Warrington, was a popular com- petitor and carried off first prize in the 110 yards amateurs' fiat race. The following are the complete results . _

~,.......,_ . 110 Yards Flat Race (boys under 14).—Heat winners: A. Jameson. Irlam, 9; J. Shaw, Oldham.s; T. Ball, Leigh 3; A. Hurst, Oldham, 4; G. Lang, Warrington, scratch; J. Haywood, Warrington, 81; J. Isherwood, Leigh, 18; J. Jones, Wigan, 9. Semi-final ; Hurst and Jameson ; Jones and Isherwood. Final : 1, Jones; 2, Isherwood; 3, Hurst. 110 Yards Amateurs' Flat Roce.—Heat winners: G. Forber, Bold, 3 ; J. Fish, Warrington, 4; W. Broadhurst, Warrington, 1$; .1. Worrall, Golborne, 9; J. Barlow, Warrington, 7 ; H. Cross, Warrington, 8 ; W. Wilson, Warrington,9, after dead heat; W. Yates, Culcheth,l4; T. Horrocks, Westhoughton, 8; W. Miller, Warrington, 71; P. Bentham. Nantwich, 12; 0. Sinclair, Orford, 9: H. Cauldwell, Golborne, 11. Semi-final : Fish and Worrall ; Horrocks and Bentham. Final: 1, Fish; 2, Bentham ; 3, Worrall . 4, Horrocks. Half Mile Bicycle Race.—Heat winners: J. Greenall, Plank Lane,so; A. Ackerley, Broadheath, 15 ; R, Monk, Risley, 120 ; .1. E. Stanbanks, Partington, 30, and .1. I Leslie, Warrington, 100, dead heat, both am in final ; J. I Bannister. Skelmersdale, 25 ; J. Poster, Banifurlong, 25 ; I T. Foster. liandurlong, 50. Final : I, Monk ; 2, T. I Foster ; 3, J. Foster. Mile Bicycle Race.—Heat winners : .I. Foster, Bamfurlong, 50; J. Rogerson, Upholland, 40; B. Smith, BamThrlong, 90; F. H. Howard, Stretton, 80 : E. Arrowsmith, Tyldesley, 100 ; R. Monk, Risley, 240 ; ' Final : 1, Howard : 2, Foster ; 3; Monk. 220 Yards Flat Race.—Heat winners: C. Bentham. Nantwich, 15: G. .Forber, Bold. 6: J. Fish, Warrington, T. Swindells. Cadishead,ls ; .1. Worrall, Golborne, 11; C. Farrell, Pendlebury, 14. Final : 1, Forber : 2, Bentham ; 3. Swindells. One Mile Flat Race.-1. G. Wilcock,Warrington, 130; 2. J. Long. Warrington, 120: 3, J. .1. Matthews, 1 Runcorn, 100. • At the close of the sports the prizes were distributed in the schoolroom near the field.

On the 25th inst. there was launched from the ship- building yard of Messrs. Workman, Clark & Co.,Belfast,l the steamer Victorian, the first of the two turbine- driven ships ordered by the Allan Line. The Victorian is the pioneer turbine vessel for the Atlantic or any other ocean service, and, as such, her launch is an event of more than ordinary interest. She and the Virginian, now being built on the Clyle, are sister ships as regards dimensions, capacity and power. This pair of twelve thousand tonners will form a notable reinforcement to the fine fleet of the Allan Line, which already numbers twenty-eight steamers,and com- prises several vessels of ten thousand tons each engaged in the mail, passenger, and general service between the United Kingdom and Canada. Splendid ships, however, as are the Bavarian, Tunisian, Parisian, and lonian, the Victorian exceeds them in size by 2,000 tons, and, as regards speed, is exp9cted to be a long way in advance of them. That she is one of the handsomest vessels ever built in Belfast was the opinion of every expert who saw her. on the stocks before the launch or in the water after- wards. She is a striking contrast to the ordinary straight-sided ocean steamer of to-day. Her lines fore and aft are sharp and clean, swelling gracefully into a noble breadth amidships, which suggests high qualities of steadiness and stability, as well as a capacity for speed, which could hardly be excelled. Before she took the water people viewed with interest her three pro- pellers—a novel feature in an Atlantic liner. , It is not, however, her grace of outline, nor the promise of perfect internal equipment (which the work already done indicates)] that makes the Victorian so interesting an object to the shipping world just now. It is her position as the pioneer of a departure which may revolutionise the character of the ocean liner from a shipbuilder's and passenger's standpoiht with as great a degree as did the departure which introduced the twin-screw and the five hundred footer. For a considerable time it has been debated whether the turbine would be practicable as a means of propell- ing the giant ships that carry our cross-Atlantic passenger traffic, and while other great shipping com- panies were looking for inure light and hesitating to plunge into a practical experiment that might involve heavy loss, the Allan Company boldly assumed the res- ponsibility of giving the lead. They lost no time either. Ten months ago the keel of the Victorian was laid by Messrs. Workman, Clark 43: Co. Yesterday she was successfully launched, and before the end of the year it ' is expected she will be ready for sea. Her trial trip will of course be the crucial test, and upon it much will depend. For it may be taken for granted that other important companies which have decided to adopt tur- bine engines for new liners will watch with attention the earliest performances of the Victorian. Originally the Victorian was designed to be driven by reciprocating engines, but after some progress had been made with her hull, Messrs. Allan decided that she should have turbines instead. Messrs. Workman, Clark &-, Co. made the necessary alterations in her structural design, and at the same time undertook what was a far more difficult and delicate task, the construc- tion of the great turbines—the largest ever made— which are to drive her. This was by arrangement with Messrs. Parsons & Co., for it was the Parsons' turbine that was decided upon. A high-pressure and two low- pressure turbines will drive the three propellers of the ship, which, by the way, strike one as being unusually small to 'drive a monster possessing a cargo capacity of more than 8,000 tons, besides accom- modation and equipment for upwards of 1,300 passengers. These propellers, however, revolve at a very high speed —from 270 to 300 revolutions per minute. The central one, arranged as in a single screw vessel, is worked by the high-pressure turbine, the others, which, are arranged as in a twin-screw ship, hy the low-pressure turbines' The two latter have each a reversing arrangement which enables them to be driven full speed astern, either together or independently. Thus the ship will be as easily and effectively manceuvred as regards turning or backing as an ordinary twin-screw. This dis- poses of the objection which has sometimes been urged against turbines, that they are defective with regard to reversing motion. The principle of the steam turbine is less generally understood than that of ordinary reciprocating engines. Briefly, a turbine engine is a fixed cylinder upon the inside surface, of which are mounted rings of brass blades projecting radically inwards. Inside this revolves a drum armed on its outer surface with similar rings of blades set at an angle to the fixed blades, and arranged so that they are "sandwiched," so to speak, between those of the fixed cylinder. Steam is admitted at one end of the turbine,and passes through longtitudinally in a zig-zag path, being deflected from the fixed rows of blades in the tiirbine caging against the rows of blades on the drum, causing the latter, which is built on the propeller grafting, to revolve, and thus drive the pro- peller. The "fixed blades " (those in the cylinder) act as guides to deliver the steam with proper direction and velocity against the "moving blades" (those on the I drum.) Thus the full power of the steam is utilised, and in a direct and continuous way. The term" blades " when used in connection with the machinery of an ocean liner seems to suggest a screw propeller or something equally formidable. But these turbine blades are surprisingly small—no larger than a lady's little finger. Their, number, however, is prodigious, there being no less thane million and a half separate pieces used in the bidding of the three turbines of the Victorian.

To see these appliances being made in Messrs. Work- man, Clark and Co.'s fine engine works, suggests the manufacture of a Titlnic 'musical box or some mechanical toy for the amusement of a giant. The ponderous steel casing and drtlm of each of the low- pressure turbines (the mass that means strength and resisting power to steam pressure) weighs sOmething like ninety-five tons, while the "blades," moving and fixed, are so tiny and fragile-looking that the contrast is remarkable. it seems preposterous to suppose that these insignificant little points, even in multitude, can be the agency to send the great liner through the sea at a speed of something like eighteen or twenty knots an hour. That is what they are expected to be nevertheless.

It may easily be imagined when the principle of the steam turbine is graSed that everything depends upon the proper "set "and inclination of the two sets of blades. Hence the difficult and delicate character of the constructive work. The manufadture of the turbines is well forward. Messrs. Workman, Clarke Si. Co. have a special engine shop,equipped with the necessary plant devoted to them, and Mr. C. E. Allan, one, of the mem- bers of the firm, personally superintends their construc- tion. It will, however, require some weeks longer of skilful and arduous labour before the turbines are ready to be fitted in the Victorian. Thanks to the economy of space the builders have been able to provide accommodation on board the Victorian, such as is probably not to beequalled by any vessel of her size afloat. .

The length of the Victorian is alo feet ; her breadth, GO feet ; her depth 40 feet 6 inches. She is .;ivided by bulk-heads into eleven compartments, and with the sub- divisions'of her double-bottom she has twenty water- tight spaces. Electric light throughout, a com- plete printing outfit, and an installation of Marconrs wireless telegraphy are among the arrangements for the comfort and convenience of passengers. As regards facilities for the handling of cargo, the ship is as perfectly fitted as possible. She has no less than

BATHING FATALITY AT LOWTON.-A JUROR FINED. An inquest was held on Monday before Mr. Brighouse county coroner, at the Reading Room, Lowton, touch- ing the death of Walter Vaughan, aged fourteen, o r Sadler's Fold, Lowton. On Sunday afternoon last the deceased and a companion were bathing in a large sheet of water known as "The Flash." The deceased, who could not swim, got out of his depth, and before any- one could render him assistance he was drowned.—The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death."—A police constable informed the Coroner that he had warned Henry Prescott, a railway pointsman, of Wash End Farm, Lowton, to attend and serve as a juror, but he informed him (the constable) that he did not think he was bound to attend, and he would see about it.—The Coroner said his instructions to the police were that jurors, if they hada reasonable excuse, were not to be inconvenienced, as they gave their services, but as Mr. Prescott had set the court at defiance he would inflict a fine of 20s. for his non-attendance.

The tiealtn an Vigor of *n Ind Wan., aeoenn% upon quantity and quality of the Blood. When the tis,ues have been at work there are thrown into the blood wsste produpt and if these be not eiiminated hut (through any oases de- tain*cl he the blooi) they influence nutrition and funcsica and finally produce organic disetse." Humanitarian." In cases of &refute. Scurvy, Bezema. Bad Legs, Sliin and Blond Diseases. Pimples and Sores of all kinds, the effects of Clarke's Blood Mixture are marvtllous. Thousands of wonderful cures have can effected by it. Olarke'm Blood Mixture sold everys here. at 2s 9d per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations an .1 —Advt. (6). CLARKS'S 13 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in sax, all acquired or constitutional discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel land Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 44, 6d each, of all chemists aud Patent Mediline Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— Advt. •

FLORILINE I—FOR THE TEETH AsD BREATlL—Thoroughe cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities. barde the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, and gives to th teeth a peculiar pesrlywhiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 28. ed. for the liquid, or Is. per jar for the Floriline ":Powder," of all chemists and Perfumers,— Advt.

VALIIIBLZ IDlScovEar POE THE RAIL—If your hair is turning grey or while or falling off use ths. illaarc.tx HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore. In Story case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It n sit as the hair charmingly beautiful, as well asparomotnag the igrawtn. Price 3..°' ;.er

To SIOTHEIIB. _fire. WlNsLow's .Soothing dyrup ma peen used for over fifty years by millions of mother. for their chil- dren while teething.with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." all Chemists Is. lid per bottle.—Advt.

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY AND

===== 0002601_19040903_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRE PROTECTION

of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements.

WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS:

MERRYINEATHER & SONS, El LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

Incorporated

Thames Nautical Training College H.M.S. *. WORCESTER." Off Greenhithe, Kent.

!scales Boys for Officers the Merchant Service. Taval Cadetships granted annually and appointments to R.N.R.

.pply W. M. nuzz.nnum, Hon. Sec. 72, Mark Lane, London, E.C.

THE BEST FASLLY

KAYE'S WORDSELL'S PILLS

Are a certain cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Headache, Dyspepsia. Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complaints,itc.. For Ladies of all ages they are invaluthle. Of all Chemists. is. 1d . 28. 9d.. and 48. 6d. per box' or post freel on receipt of stamps to DEPoT, 13, St. George Street. Norwich.

" , <4, 0 di in 00, ' N 0°44 WORCESTER. Appl,

===== 0002601_19040903_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOTH-ACHE

CURED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Prevents Decay. haves Extraction. Weenies. Nights Prevented. Neuralgic Headaches awl all Ne,e NERVINE Pains removed by BUNTER' NERVINE. All Chemists, is. sir post free on receipt oi stamps to DEPOT. 13. bt. George Street. Norwich.

FITZROY HEEL PAD.

Guaranteed. Best Quality Revolving Heels obtainable at the low prices of LADIES, V.A., GENTS, Cd., per pair, post free. LAURIE 8s McCONN.AL, Ltd. Rubber Heel Specialists, CAMBRIDGE.

..Trit'FITZROY • - fiEEC PAttc:, •

===== 0002601_19040903_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
E

E

C

H

A

I,

I

L

. ;.- ~,,....,..

S

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

is.

S

C

===== 0002601_19040903_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
. 0 - ~,- - -

Pmsesl the followinrz qualities in a high degree They STRENGTHEN the STOMACH They REGULATE the BOWELS They PURIFY and ENRICH the BLOOD They give TONE to the whole NERVOUS SYSTE BEECHAM'S PILLS contain no origin, butdrareugpof illylinveergealtaoir:dera, beneficent and sure.

They will restore you to health if you give them a chance.

BEECHAM'S PILLS have ever enjoyed the confidence of Ladies for the ailments peculiar to their sex.

Sold Everywhere in Boxes, price Is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. ('6B Pills), with full directions.

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DAN MOULDINGS.

English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regildin.g i Speciality. Largest of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BCOK. 160 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTER OF GLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FREE ON APPLICATION.

H. MORELL, 177 18 GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBU IRY LONDON W C . • • • Warehouses : 11, 12:and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street, (in the rear). Telegraphic Address: —" Rabbitry, Londca." Telephone 6135 Central

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used In the Royal Laundries. Should he used in every house. Once tried, always wanted, MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEVi, ~.eatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for mparting an Ivory Yinish to Starched Linen,Laces.etc It does not stick to spider-web-like materials. Sold everywhere in Packets at Id., 3d.. and 6d.. each.

.

• 1. The gr

===== 0002601_19040903_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
PRFPARF.D ONLY BY

T. eRI Ten LEy. Chemist.-insteKsußN. 7, Whiter. 'FP treet. London. B.C.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
WAIIIMINO AT HOPAR. sitazionDas "VOWEL X 1.11" wash's& wriallba

ant Mangling Nasktaos

SAVII TIMIS,

El 71.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
SAVE LABOUR. and

SAVE THE CLOTHES„ Writs Ayr Cattalo:lu, josl free iffs atilmatise. THOMAS BRADFORD at CM., 240, 10, and 142, HOLBORN, LONDON • VICTORIA' 411•11NUE, DIRANSGATIL MA,CHZ3TM; 130, Bi;Lx..urninor. LIVERPOOL CRESCENT IRON WORMER, SAWPORID.

Cost 1/-- aLVe 10 Wootl-Milne Prevent Nerve Jar Fatigue and Double

Revolving

Heels Creator Ccmfor

Smarter Appearance. EASILY I X I:" Will st..thl

ordn, None get, unless so. 'Wood-11111n, face. Sold where

v. 'El:ABR,,Fftss• H 0,114 RN . AUTOMATIC KNITTER Provides Genuine HOME WORK. Earns Cash o r 1 54- .M. ecaindal Euapswartidsre weekly. Terms Work Taken, 1at,1,1178. ' t ' Write WARS, 67 SOUTHWARK ST. ' 2 1. ,NnoN. Agents wanted Beware o: mislEading otters of ;‘‘.-,r1.: on worthless machines.

KEARSLEY'S 100 YEKRiREPUTATION WIDOW WELCH'S FEMALE PILLS.

Awarded Certifieate.of Merit,for the cure of•all Irregular.. ties, anzernia, and all female complaints. They have .he approval of the Medical Profession. Beware of Imitations, The only genuine and original are in White Paper Wrapper, Boxes Is 14c1 and 2s 9d of all chemists, or by post. 11. al. and s. 10d. Makers, C and G liEartsLET, 41, Waterlo- Roe( 2uondon S.H..(lare of 17, North street, Westminster' Note White Wrapper.] Sold in the C0101d,...

Ii Dalesjrg d ear tuLwAstiti Ei:THpsroof er sfrar 7 S. tens and preserves the leatl-,r Pleasant odour allow pcoiat- log With blacking. GOLD :"/VEDAL EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWARDS. Bubb n Tins zd.. 6d., It. 67,2 6 at Back Makers, Saddlers, fronmaneers &c, Maw:factory East Du;nrtchl London,

- ,nd the Life of your Boots mi • • riga; 1111••••••• Ma• • • :an jm. Ind 12 mon t • linary wear. lenuine mon ftntped ••••. eon the every- SPECIALQUAU • • ••

===== 0002601_19040903_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
p ' • aim ~•.,10111111D • ' F rr. pEEK,FREAN • - --- scci:Y - a g ‘ I "PT-x-CATSE" I I • BISCUITS Reg 4 • g a n d i "TEXNS CRACKER" ' BISCUITS. 8111Im a awn • aims • e

;3s GOUT ' 1 fli i .AN.III 1,1!,!-.;.;..11.1VIATIC PILLS..

A LOTION MAY TEMPORARILY SOOTTIE,IMT A BLAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL goes to the root of the mischief, and is really the mrly true remedy for

Gout, Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Lumbago. MI Chemists. and Storer, t 1 s. 11c1. and 25.9 d. per box.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
& ri!!

===== 0002601_19040903_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

A NONCONFORMIST GRIEVANCE. _ The Schools Selected for the Training of Pupil Teachers. OVERCROWDING QUESTION AGAIN.

The Warrington Education Committee held its monthly meeting at the Town Hnll,on Monday evening -under the presidency of Mr. F. Monks. There were also present :—The Mayor(Aldermaa Bolton), the Revs. John Yonge and Father Wilson.Aldetvnen Bennett (vice-chair- Inan),and Smethurst,Councillors Ellison,Davies, Dodds, Burton, and Tinnion. Colonel 3. D. Buckton, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, R. T. Fairclough, T. May, 3. Cpson. J. Bibby, G. Walker, E. Plinston, S. Fulton Smith, C. H. Unsworth, and J. Moore Murray (director of education.)

MR. MAY AND PCBLIC FINANCE. "NOT HTS SPECIAL FIELD OF ACTION." THE STRENGTH AND PAYMENT OF THE TEACHING STAFF.

At a meeting of the Finance Committee accounts totalling £3,03.i 9s. 64. were passed for payment. It was resolved that arrangements be made with the Royal Insurance Company for the •insurance of the furniture in the various elementary schools in the Borough for the sum of £lO,OOO, and of the furniture and fittings in the new Educatioa Office for the sum of £6OO. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY moved the confirmation of the minutes and pointed out that the above resolution was simply carrying out the directions of the full committee with regard to the insurance of furciture for which they were responsible and which in case IA fire they would have to replace. Councillor DODDS-seconded. Mr. MAY said the financial statement Was of such a character that it should not be passed in a formal way without having ,some •explanation from the chairman. There was en increase of £3O in the School Attendance Committee's accounts .and he thought it should be explained that that was due to the bills for the maintenance of chil- dren in Indestrial schocils'having been sent in earlier than usual. There was an advance of £l5O in the School Management Committee's expenditure and £l5O increase in elementary school teachers' salaries without any explanation. The last item—general accounts— which used to be ranch larger, was £420 as against £265 —another increase of £l5O. There were thus four in- creases of £l5O which made £soo—(Laughter, anda member: Bad aritimetic)—and they were being passed without a word of comment. It seemed to him that that was a very les way of doing business. He moved that the minutes be passed, with the excep- tion of the accounts, although he 'would be willing to withdrawthe motion on hearing a satis- factory explanation. The chairman of the committee promised on a former occesien that as soon as it could be conveniently done, and when it would afford useful Information to the committee, a compare, such as he (Mr. May) =snow making, would be given each month. He would like the increases.to he explained, as he wished to take an intelligent interest lathe business of the committee. There was no seconder ofthe motion, which therefore fell to the ground. Councillor DODDS said that substantially be was in sympathy with Mr. May who at the last meeting had the support of Mr. Walkeriin asking for a comparison between the salaries paid when the committee took over the education of the Borough and the amounts paid now, together with the seasons for any difference that was shown. He (Councillor Dodds) asked for the inform- ation at the last meeting of .the committee for he felt that as the chairman said'he would be willing to give them, the particulars should be supplied. Mr. UPSON asked if the furniture of the Secondary school had been insured. Mr.JoLLEY replied in the affirmative. With regard to what had fallen from councillor Dodds, he could only repeat at he had said on former occasions—'-that every one of the members of the Finance Committee and the officials were most desirous of helping any members of the full committee who wished for information, if that informatioe was available. He ventured to think he was voicing the sentiments of his colleagues when he said the committee was notprepared to give informa- tion that was inaccurate or likely to be misleading. In response to the request of Mr. Walker, certain figures had been got oat,and Mr. Walker had expressed himself pleased with the information. He (Mr. Jolley) wished to say in the most emphatic way that the particulars now furnished were not what Mr. May asked for, as he requested a compare "such as he was making nowt." A' compare which included the statement that four items of £l5O came to £5OO, and that an item involving the expenditure of £69 10s. 9d. (the School Management Committee's accounts) included an increase of .£lso,was not the kind of compare the members of the committee were prepared to give. (Laughter.) Their erudite and erring brother Istd made enormous arclueological research, but his special field of action did not quite seem to be that of a critic of public finance. (Laughter). Mr. MAN: I must protest against personalities. I. have never replied to personalities, and an Education Committee should not be defiled with them. Mr. JOLLEY then presented a statement giving particulars of the staff and salaries pdid at the end of the first month of the committee's existence —April 30th, 1903—as compared with the end of July this year. The staff in the elementary schools at the end of Aptil,l9o3, numbered i ' 316, which included six candidates. At the end of July this year the staff did not include any candidates and was 345 strong. It would therefore be fair to say that the committee had to deal with an increase of five. The salaries paid for April, 1903 to teachers of all grades' totalled £1571 9s. id. In July last the amount was. £2020 19s. 4d. Of that increase, £l6B Cs. 4d. was due to the raising of salaries of existing members of the staff, £169 ss. 4d. to the improvement of the quality of the staff, and £125 Bs. 104. to additions to the staff. In April of last year the committee employed 76 certificated assistant teachers, and in July this year the number was 132—an increase of 56, which be was sure everyone would agree was a desirable improvement. rhe number of ex-p. t's had de- creased from 110 to 91 during the same period, article 68 from 26 to 20, and pupil teachers from 79 (including six candidates) to 54. He ventured to think he had the confidence of the full committee when he assured them that the Finance Committee had not the smallest desire to keep anything back. They wished to give the fullest possible information which should be accurate, trustworthy, and helpful, but he, as chairman, had hitherto resisted several requests for information in the form they were given, because he felt, and still felt, that. the figures so readily lent themselves to mis- representation and misunderstanding. The CIIAIRMAN said the discussion was rather irregular, but he thought it was desirable that the information should be given. In future when anyi member wished for specific information, he (the chair- I man) thought he ought to give notice and have the , matter properly brought before the committee. The minutes were approved. A NONCONFORMIST GRIEVANCE. THE TRAINING OF PUPIL TEACHERS. ACCOMMODATION DIFFiCULTY.

At a meeting of the School Management Committee, the director having reoorted the arrangements it had been found necessary to make to cope with the over- crowded state of 'Hamilton-street, St. Ann's, St. Barnabas', and Et. George's schools, it was resolved that the arrangements be approved, and that application be made to tike Board of Education for tha recognition of the use of the Infants' depart- ments at those schools for staniard I thildren. A communication ,Was submitted from H.M. Inspector reporting upon the suitability of the schools in the Borough with a view to the practical training of pupil teachers therein an& upon his recommendation, the fol- lowing schools were selected as those at which pupil teachers may, in future, be apprenticed, viz :—Fairfield, Hamilton Street National, St. Alban's, St. James' Latchford ()fixed Department), St. Mary's Latchford, Warrington Parochial (Infants' Department), and War- rington British. A report upon the work of the Secon- dary school was received from the Board of Education drawing special attention to the fact that all the avail- able accommodation at the institute is utilized. The full report was published in last week's Examiner." A letter dated the Bth August, 1904. from the Board of Education, returning the plans of the Secondary school and intimating that they show satisfactory arrange- ments for the instruction of about 260 scholars, was submitted and noted. The Rev. Father WILSON mored the adoption of the minutes. He called attention to the fact that the schools mentioned la the first resolution—Hamilton- street, St. Ann's, St.Barnabas' and St. George's—were not the only ones in which, through overcrowding, Infants who should now be going up into the senior departments had to be kept in the infant department and there taught standard I. work. Through this arrangement, the committee lost probably ss. per head on each child in Government grant. At best the children in the infants' school earned only is. per head, whereas the amount paid in the senior department was 12s. The evening continuation school arrangements for next session were the same.as last year's. with the exceptioh that the Warrington Parochial Evening School had been discontinued as there did not seem to have been sufficient demand for it. The report of the Board of Education on theSeCondary school was most satisfactory and one upon which the committee might well con- gratulate themselves. Certainly it was one upon which they ought to congratulate the Director of Education and the staff of the school. A defect in ventilation to which attention was called was being remedied. If there was any sting in the report at all, it was contained in the last sentence of the first paragraph: "If the growth of the school is not to be checked, further class-rooms will be needed in the immediate future." He would ask those who were most nearly concerned to " mark, . learn and inwardly digest" the significance of that sentence. Mr. George G. Sumner, one of the teachers

at the Technical Institute, had resigned and his name would therefore be withdrawn from the list of teachers for the coining session. Mr. PLINSTON moved. an amendment that the minutes be confirmed with the exception of the one relating to the selection of seven schools at which pupil teachers may be apprenticed. He contended that sufficient con- sideration had not been given to the Nonconformists of the town. Of the seven sehools,four were Anglicas, two Roman Catholic and one Undenontinational. There could not be more than four pupil teachers assigned to , each school, and thirty-five was the number allowed to ' be sent to the schools for training during the ensuing, twelve months. In considering the question the com- mittee ought to have taken into account the fact that there were a great many more Nonconformist children in the town than there were Roman Catholic. Yet the members of the last nimed body had two schools to which pupil teachers could be sent. He thought each denomination should have its fair share. _ _

The DIRECTOR explained that the schools had to be recognized by the inspector as being suitable for the training of pupil teachers, and the committee asked the inspector to state which were suitable. The seven schools named were the first which the inspectors selected. No application had been made from a Non- conformist for admission to anylother school. All who had applied at this stage had asked to be sent to the schools named. There were five other schools which the inspector said would, if necessary, be passable— Wycliffe (mixed), Sacred Heart, St. Barnabas', Silver. street, and St. James'. If there was any demand from Nonconformists,the committee would take it into cor, sideration. The inspector had recognized some of the schools for the training of more than four pupil teachers, as the staff and buildings were satisfactory. Mr. PLINSTON : Isn't four really the number per- mitted? The DIRECTOR said that in accordance with the code, the inspector could, if he considered a school was suffi- ciently staffed and suitable in other respects, grant per- mission for more than four to be trained there. Mr. PLINSTOM : According to the explanation, other i schools are passable. If that s so, I would like to press my amendment, so that those schools may be recon- sidered, and perhaps a better selection made. The CIIA.IRM.A.N : It is not necessary. If there is any application, the committee will arrange for it. The Rev. J. YONGE said he hoped he would not be misunderstood if he asked to be allowed to second the amendment. He did so, not because he felt particularly aggrieved at the school he was associated with not being selected, but because he thought all the members of the committee must feel it eminently desirable that there should be no feeling in the town that any section of the community had been unfairly dealt with. He thought the committee would be well-advised in letting, the recommendation go back for a little moreconsidera- tion than it received atthe last committee meeting. On that Occasion several Nonconformist members were absent and probably they would attend the next meet- ing. He did not know that an) thing would be lost,and something might be gained by referring the matter back.

The Rev. FATHER WILSON thought both speakers seemed to be under a slight misapprehension as to the origin of the list of schools. The authority who had recognized them as suitable was not the committee but his Majesty's inspector. He thought the criticism brought to bear on the resolution showed the wisdom of the committee when it refused to undertake what it knew would be a very odious task, and asked the inspector to make the selection. If he understood the Director rightly it would not be competent even for the committee to admit pupil teachers to the five "passable" schools unless the inspector specially approved of the course—and he presumed the inspector would not do that, after the action he had taken, unless there was some adequate reason. No such reason seemed to exist at present. The rule was that there should be four teachers for each department rather than for each school. Mr. UPSON did not think it was sufficient argument for the rejection of the amendment to say that the schools had been selected by the inspector. (Hear,hear). Possibly he was a new man and was not aware of the denominational distribution of the schools. He (Mr. Upson) believed the selection had been made according to the buildings, the inspeotor taking what he supposed to be the best buildings in the town for the purpose. With reference to the distribution of the pupil teachers, he would point out that this year theyh ad only nineteen applications, but after this year they would have thirty-five. The committee decided twelve months ago that thirty-five would be required to keep up the staff of assistant teachers. He maintained that the seven schools selected did not admit of that number of pupil teachers being trained. Father Wilson had said quite properly that four pupil teachers were to be admitted to each department. If they took Warrington British school as an example it had only one department; and therefore only four Nonconformist pupil teachers could be sent to it. It was perfectly true that the inspector might say that they could send an additional one, two, or three, but that would not meet the case and itl would be a violation of the regulations for the admission of pupil teachers into the profession. They knew that the tendency of all printed minutes was to become narrowing in their effects. Parents'might apply next year for their children to be admitted to a particu- lar school, and be told at the office that the committee had a list of seven schools only from which they could make their choice. The whole tendency would be to restrict the pupil teachers to seven schools. Further consideration should be given to the question, not only by the School Management Committee but by the inspector. If, as the Director said, there were five additional schools, let them be mentioned in the minutes, and the Nonconformist parents would know that they had more opportunities than were afforded at one par- ticular school for the training of their boys and girls. Councillor TINNION said it did not seem to matter whether the choice of schools or the recommendation as to their suitability came from the committee or the inspector. If it was not exactly the best recommenda- tion that could be made, there was no reason why it should not be referred back. He thought every member of the committee would admit that there was plenty of room on a reasonable basis for the re-consideration of the matter. So far the educational work in Warrington had been ?carried on with as little friction as possible between NonconformiSts, Roman Catholics, or the Established Chinch. Anything that would tend to a continuance of that spirit was to be encouraged. He did not think Father Wilson stated the case quite cor- rectly when be said that the five other schools named were hardly suitable, and that the first seven were the only suitable ones. If the claims and recommendations of the other schools were laid before the inspector, committee, or whoever made the selection, it would be found that they could without any injustice select some of those schools which, in his opinion, were entitled to the consideration asked for. Mr. FAIRCLOLTGII supported the amendment in order that more information as to the number of pupil teachers in the town as compared with April 1903 might be forthcoming. From what he had seen of the different schools, there were not as many pupil teachers as there ought to be,and the question ought to be thoroughly gone into. Mr. Upson said that after this year there would be thirty-five apptications,but he (Mr. Fai relough) did not think there were thirty-five pupil teachers at the present time. The MAYOR asked the reason why any school should be debarred from taking in pupil teachers. He had understood that if a school was good enough for edu- cational purposes, it was fit to train pupil teachers in. Thebroader point of view from which they looked at the subject thebetter. The more teachers they trained, and the better they trained them, so much better would the education of the town be. He was sorry to see that the selection of the inspector and committee narrowed down the number of eligible schools. He supported the amendment. Alderman BENNETT said there was a great deal to be said from the point of view which had been expressed by the inspector. It seemed on the face of it desirable that pupil teachers should obtain their experienee on the most favourable conditions possible. (Hear,hear). At the first blush he had thought it would be better to take the inspector's suggestion, but as the debate had proceeded he had realized rather acutely that there was another side of the question. If they could remove any semblance of a grievance from the Nonconformists it was desirable to do so, as they were a very influential and important body, and some of their schools would lend themselves to the purpose they contemplated at the present time. it was a pleasure to them to know that from the commencement of the work of the Educa- tion Committee there had been no sectarian feeling displayed, and if a fair spirit was manifested now, that state of things would be continued. (Hear, hear). Mr. MAY supported the amendment because he con- tended that restricting the number of schools would tend also to restrict the number of pupil teachers, and increase the cost of education. His reading of the regulation in regard to pupil teachers was that the schools were selected that were most suitable for train- ing purposes. There must be some qualification in the staff of the school—time for the work and special attention paid to the young people. These were the reasons which had biased the inspector in the selection of the schools. Mr. JOLLEY Said some speakers had used arguments which were in favour of the action or the committee and at the same time announced that they were going to support the amendment. Were they in that matter to be guided by educetional or by denominational considerations? He hoped most sincerely that educa- tional considerations would have their due weight. They certainly had their 'weight with the School Manage- ment Committee. and he had no doubt they weighed with the inspector. Tt would be impracticable Ito carry out the suggestion of the Mayor if the work was to be done efficiently. The MAYOR: I must correct you there. T thought the inspector was casting a slur at every school that was not on the list, as being unfit for the training of teachers. ("No, no.") Mr. JOLLEY thought the Education Committee would be simply neglecting its duty in the most flagrant - manner if it allowed pupil teachers to be engaged at any school in the town. There were schools which were unfitted owing to the buildings, and by the nature of the staff,for the in. of pupil teachers. The aim of the committee was to raise the standard of the teachers, and he hoped members would not allow denominational considera- tions to come into their minds in voting on the matter..

===== 0002601_19040903_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 3, 1904.

It was not a question of Roman Catholics, Anglicans or Nonconformists, but a question of education, partly of staff, partly of building. The schools which had been selected in the schedule were the best buildings in the town, and the most suitable, they hoped. When the inspector deliberately recognized them as being the most fitted, he (Mr. 'Tolley) submitted that the commit- tee ought not lightly on mere denominational grounds or for what was an imaginary grievance to go against the action of the School Management Committee. The Sites and Buildings Committee were doing their hest to supply new schools, and they would be even more suitable for the training of pupil teachers than those on the list. The education would be absolutely undo- nominational, and the difficulty some gentlemen ex- perienced,and the grievance—which as far as he knew was an imaginary one—would disappear. (Hear, hear.) The amendment was carried, and the other minutes were agreed to. THE OVERCROWDING OF SCHOOLS. NECESSITY FOR MORE ACCOMMODATION AGAIN URGED. "DAMNING AND MURDEROUS" FACTS. At a meeting of the School Attendance Committee, on the 18th August, a letter, dated the 7th July. 1904, from the Board of Education, stating that, in view of the committee's assurance that steps will at once be taken to provide adequate public elementary school accommodation in the neighbourhood of the Hamilton- streetNational School,they will raise no objection to the average attendance at that school temporarily exceeding the recognized accommodation, was submitted. The Director also reported with reference to the pressure upon the accommodation of other schools in that dis- trict. It was resolved : "That, in view of the over- crowded state of the Hamilton-street, St. Ann's and St. George's Schools, the general want of school accommo- dation in that district, and the length of time which must elapse before new permanent schools can be erected, this committee strongly urges upon the Educa- tion Committee the necessity for carrying out the sug- gestion which was made by the School Attendance Com- mittee on the 21st March. that temporary school accommodation should be at once provided—if necessary, by means of the erection of iron buildings." Councillor ELLisos, in moving the confirmation of the minutes, pointed out that the resolution regard- ing the provision of temporary accommodation was the result of the committee's consideration of the state of affairs lathe Cockhedge district with regard to school accommodation. The Director supplied the committee with a number of figures at the meeting' and he had since drawn up a table giving full details as to the accommodation at every school. The schools were grouped in districts, and attention was more particu- larly directed to the first group (including the schools referred to in the resolution), as this was of pressing importance. The table showed over 350 more children on the books than there was accommodation for, whilst the average attendance for the first week of this school year was only just under 100 less than the accommoda- tion. These numbers referred to the total for all the schools, but the figures for the accommodation could not be regarded as accurate. It must be remembered that H.M. Inspector had stated that these accommoda- tion figures were misleading, and if anyone would visit any of the schools which had only as many children in as the accommodation allowed., they would find that it was almost impossible to move about. As a case in point, the Wycliffe school was supposed to have accom- modation for 733 in the mixed department. The average attendance for the week ending August 19th was 574, and yet the rooms were so overcrowded that they hail had to borrow one of the rooms from the infants' department, and there were other cases where similar borrowing had taken place. It would be seen that 274 children had been admitted to schools in this district, nearly all of whom had been sent up from the infants' departments, or had been old enough to enter the infants' departments, andl.so children had been refused admission. In order to meet the difficulty the School Management Committee had agreed to arrangements by which some 281 children would be kept in the infants departments:although they were old enough to be promoted. This meant a loss of from ss. to 6s. on each child, and the total number of children in this group of schools who would earn the lesser grant, on account of being in the infants' schools, amounted to 378. The attendance officers' time had been largely taken up since the holidays in finding places for those children who had been refused admission to the schools. The difficulty of getting children to school was seen by studying the figures. The School Attend- ance Committee were convinced that this state of affairs called for immediate action. They felt that unless temporary provision was made it was useless to attempt to enforce the bylaws. The result 'of this would be deplorable when con- sidered from the standpoint of the children's future. The committee were informed that the teachers of the infants' schools which were so crowded had been 11 instructed, as far as possible, to refuse admission to ' children under five, and they approved of the instruc- tion; but if that was the condition of affairs to-day what was going to happen? Within the last two years the increase of number of children on the books in Warrington had been over 700, and if it was necessary to find more accommodation three or four years ago how much more necessary was it to-day? Little or no accommodation had been provided since that date, and it was evident that the school population was increasing at the rate of about 300 a year, so that the committee ha.d considerable leeway to make up before proceeding to consider their normal increase. Seeing that it would be. some two years before any of the new schools would be ready for use, they asked the committee to approve of the resolution, and instruct the Sites and Buildings Committee to proceed with the provision of temporary accommodation, if necessary, in the form of temporary iron buildings or rent of rooms. Mr. WALKER seconded. Mr. MAY supported the confirmation of the minutes, and alluded to the facts submitted by the Chairman. They were" damning and murderous," because they meant the overcrowding of little children, and compul- sorily forcing them into schools and poisoning them with bad air, thus increasing infection in the borough. Therefore he contended he was not using inflammatory, excitable, or exaggerated language in saying that the schools were very bad indeed. He would put the matter in that way. (Laughter.) They could not continue as a committee to be responsible for such a state of things and the question was : "How are we to gel, at the work as economically and as quickly as possible ?" They had suggested iron buildings in the most crowded and deficient localities to be obtained, if possible, second hand, to save the expense of a new building, so that they might be put up at once. He believed thew) i was a building available n the borough at the present moment, so that it could be got ready for the present rschool year. Were they to wait another 12 months for the new schools, or take the practical suggestion of the committee, and no longer allow this disgraceful stat of matters to continue_? _

parents whose wages were low, he supposed that element could not be altogether excluded, but it ought, as far ns possible,to he excluded from the purview of the Sch 00l Attendance Committee in dealing with the cases. The committee was not appointed for the purpose of administering out relief. When there was real distress. the persons to deal with it were the Guardians and the expense of relieving it should bea Union and not a town charge. Colonel BUCKTON seconded, and contended that it was wrong to ask a man to pay only 2s. a month to provide for his child. The committee had to be fair and just to both sides—just to the parent, not to over- charge him, and fair to the committee and to the rate - payers. (Hear, hear.) Mr. PLINSTON opposed the amendment on the ground that the committee had given careful attention to the matter. It was the duty of the committee to look at the amount of the wages earned by the parent, the num- ber of children to be kept, and the rent to be paid. Taking all these matters into consideration the com- mittee came to the conclusion, he thought unanimously, that in the case in question 2s. a month was the full amount. They were convinced that it would have been an impossibility for the man to pay more. They had fixed larger amounts according to the income. Councillor TissioN was not prepared to vote for the amendment but he would support an amendment that would deal thoroughly with the question raised by Mr. Jolley as to whether the Education Committee was to become a charitable institution or the Board of Guardians was the proper authority to deal with cases of distress. Mr. MAY pointed out that in the case under notice the man was earning 18s. a week, had a wife and family of seven, and only occasional employment. It was utterly impossible for the committee to impose a larger sum. Councillor ELLISON said the committee had cons; derA the question fully from every point of view, and in a case of this particular kind it was always pointed out to the parents that they had got to keep the children at home,it being imperative that they should do so. There- fore the committee expected them to contribute towards the cost of the school. They tried to carry that out in every case as far as possible. It was arranged that in the present case the parent should commence with 2s. monthly, and it was impossible, under present circum- stances, to pay more. Considering everything tie did not see how the committee could do anything they had not done, and the cases were exceptional and deserving. Further, the people had been given to understand that the amount was subject to revision at any time. The Rev. J. YONGE asked if the parents could be • made to pay the money. The DIRECTOR quoted the regulation on the subject which showed that the parent was liable to contribute such sum as might be agreed upon with the school authority. If the parties disagreed,the authority could apply to a Court for an order. The amendment was defeated by a large majority. ARE CHILDREN OUTSIDE THE BOROUGH PROVIDED FOR?

Councillor Burton remarked that it had been °aid that the increase in the number of school children per year was about 300. He would like to ask if those children were of parents residing in the borough, or what number of them came from outside the borough. The CHAIRMAN : I think that is one of the ques- tions that had better not be asked. (Laughter.) Councillor BucKToN said he wished to emphasize the urgency of providing more school accommodation, but, although he was anxious to see the accommodation provided, he did not altogether agree with some of the .conolusions drawn from the figures submitted. He would point out that the accommodation recognized by the Board of Education was for average attendance, and not the number on the books. (Hear, hear.) The printed statement was therefore, liable to be misleading as altogether the net figures would show that the accommodation in the borough was much larger than the average attendance it had to provide for. He did not agree that an iron building should be erected. It was within his remembrance that in one part of the town a, school had been demanded by the Board of Education for the last four or five years, and they had not got it yet. Where that particular school was re- quired, land could have been obtained at any time. The MAYOR: We are waiting for the Education Department to approve the site we have selected. Councillor ELLISON said he would like to emphasize the necessity of obtaining some rooms if they could not get an iron building. He thought they might ob- tain rooms for the infant departments. Mr.FAIRCLOUGH : You have plenty of infant rooms. Councillor ELLISON : But they could make room for others.

The minutes were then approved. SITES AND BUILDINGS COMMITTEE.

This committee accepted the tender of Mr. J. H. Heywood to erect two partitions for the division of the two classrooms in the Secondary school for £79 ss. The minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
FLOGGING IN THE NAVY. Letter to the Prime Minister.

The following letter has been addressed to the R ight , Hon. Arthur J. Balfour, First Lord of the Treasury, on behalf of the Committee of the Humanitarian League : Sir,—With reference to your reply to Mr. Swift Mac Neill on August 13, in which you state that there is no flogging of men in the Navy, we venture to draw your attention to the fact that the use of the "cat " has not, as is widely supposed, been abolished, but is merely (to quote an official deecription) "held in reserve," and may be revived at any time by order of the Admiralty. During the present mancevres, for instance, one of these degrading instru- ments of torture will be-carried on board every vessel in the British fleet, as an emblem presumably, of the confidence which the Government reposes in the character of our sailors—and this at a time when the "cat" has long ceased to exist in connection with the IBritish Army. Yot; also intimated, in your answer to IMr. Mac Neil, that there is no intention to discontinue the punishments of birching and caning in the case of "boys" in the Navy, that is to say, young men up to the age of 18. We would remind you that on March 19 a memorial on this subject was addressed by the Humanitarian League to the First Lord Of the Admiralty, which has led to a great amount of discussion, over two thousand letters, &c., having appeared in the press, and over twenty ques- tions having been asked in Parliament. In spite of the extreme unwillingness of the Naval Lords to give information, and the- persistently evasive nature of the replies of Mr. Pretyman, it has been elicited • (1) that flogging with birch or cane is frequently inflicted for trivial offences(2) thatall such punishments are inflicted publicly (3) that as many as 24 cuts with the birch are given on the bare skin (4) that the weight of the naval birch considerably exceeds that of the birch used in police courts, and (s)that no proper returns are made of the number of canings inflicted annually. Under these circumstances, and in.view of the fact that it is found possible in the Navies of other great Powers to nrintain discipline without resort to corporal punishment, we would urge on your consideration that the time has now come when the British sailor, no less than the British soldier, should be treated as a rational person, capable of dignity and self-respect, and that all flogging whatsoever—whether with "cat,' or birch, or cane—should be finally and specifically abolished.

Councillor DA VIES did not intendto use extravagant language—(laughter)—but he thought it would be admitted that the position of the School Attendance Committee was rather an awkward one, as they were, as it were, between two fires. The Board of education were pressihg them very seriously, and they threatened what they would do if the crowding of schools con- tinued. The sub-committee were pressing the Education Committee for accommodation, and yet there seemed to be nothing done. If those who were responsible for the extra school accommodation would not provide it what were the School Attendance Committee to do? A recommendation to provide an iron building to accommodate three or four hundred children was submitted some time ago, but the Sites and Memorial Service at Padgate. Buildings Committee, in their wisdom, thought IA large congregation assembled in Padgate Wesleyan it would be a waste of money, and advised the coin- Church on Sunday evening, when a memorial service to mittee to wait for the building of new schools. the late Mr. Edwin Richardson, of Paddington House, The MAYOR was sorry the Sites and Buildings Corn- who was a highly respected member of the church, was mittee did not possess Aladdin's lamp that would put held. The service was impressive in its solemnity, the hymns sung being " Thou doest all things well," " Jesn up a school anywhere they thought fit. A great deal of the stagnation was owing to the red tape of the Board, lover of my soul," "Peace, perfect peace" and who had the plans. When the committee got them back ".Jerusalem the Golden." Psalm 23—" The Lord is my the first thing to da would be to get on with the build- Shepherd "—was chanted. Miss C. J. Bennett ably pre- ing of the new schools immediately. To put up an iron sided at the organ, and at the close of the building would be an extravagant and a wasteful cost, service played "The Dead March " in " Saul." The and would be of little value. Nor didihe think such build- preacher was the Rev. W. C. J. Neville, who based his ings were healthy. Certainly they werenotlecouomieal, sermon on the words "Precious in the sight of the and when they were constructed they were insanitary, Lord is the death of his saints "—Psalm exvi.ls ;dealing and such that they did not care to put children in. with death from two different standpoints—death as we Mr. WALKER did not ree with the Mayor's remarks looked upon it from this side as forbidding and to be ag about iron structures. f they were good enough for avoided as long as possible, and the death of His saints I ! Leeds, Bolton, Salford, and Gorton, they were good as precious to God—precious because it was the begin- enough for Warrington in the circumstances. If they ming and not the ending, the beginning of a fuller 'and forfeited the grant, which they might have to do— more complete life, and because it was the test and The MaYort : I don't think you will, consummation of a life. Alluding to Mr. Richardson, Mr. WALKER: But we are threatened, and it is only he said he regarded him as having lived a saintly life. on the understanding that we make a move that the Someone had said that to rightly educate a child one ' grant is likely to be maintained. The subject ought to had to begin a hundred years before the child was born, receive more serious consideration. They could not and in this connection remarks were made about Mr. Richardson's antecedents. His mother was a noble hope there would be sufficient school accommodation Christian woman. She conducted the family prayers after provided within the next two or three years at the rate they were moving at present. her husband's death and took her son and his brothers The Rev. FATHER WILSON pointed out that it was to Wesleyan services, and when the subject of his almost impossible to manage the schools satisfactorily remarks left home and came to Warrington he was . as long as the overcrowding went on. It seemed to him apprenticed to Mr Sanderson, a leading Wesleyan of deplorable that the iron building was not provided. In the town, and it was at the shop that he met Mr. Edwin his opinion the provision of such a structure would not Brown, who was also a local preacher. Mr. Richardson have been extravagance. I was taken to Buttermarket street school, where he corn- PARENTAL RESPONSIBILITY.. menced to teach, subsequently filling the posts of THE MAINTENANCE OF CHILDREN IN SCHOOLS I secretary and superintendent of the school. He had FOR THE DEAF AND DUMB. left it on record that at 18 years of age he experienced Mr. Jor.r.e v called attention to the following resolu- a change of heart after a sermon preached by the Rev. I tion :—" A report by the medical adviser to the corn- . T. W. Crawshaw. He then definitely joined tRe Wesleyan church, but on his removal to.Padgate associated him- bmitted,and it was mittee upon the cases of two deaf and dumb girls named Ethel Ryder and Edith Shaw, was su i self with the church there. In quietness and confidence was his Christian strength. He was not a demonstra- r I esolved that arrangements be made for the reception tive -ran but one who bore witness to the Christian of the girls in question into the Royal Schools for the 1 Deaf and Dumb, Old Trafford, Manchester,and that the faith by a beautiful spirit and a quiet life. In the sum of 2s. per month be fixed as the amount of the Warrington circuit he held at one time or other all the I parental contribution in the case of the first-mentioned offices possible for a layman to hold, except that of a I 1 child, and that consideration as to the ability of the local preacher, and in the Padgate Church he also parents of the last-named girl to contribute towards ! held a prominent position. Mr. Neville appealed to her maintenance be deferred for the present." He the young men present to rise up and take the deceased's moved that the portion referring to the amount payable place. Extracts from a number of letters, all tributes by the parents be referred back. The whole subject to the deceased's worth, were read and a short the preacher wanted revision,and ought to be carefully reconsidered, pointed out, in conclusion, that Mr. Of the broad principles which underlay social progress 1 time age had been asking when i he (Mr. Neville) was to not the least important was parental responsibility, and preach his farewell sermon n the circuit. The deceased b / had no idea that it would eon the occasion of his own he submitted that parents whose ehildren were sent to memorial service. Their friend had crossed the dark institutions—blind, deaf or dumb, or industrial schols I —should at least pay the s um that it would costoto river which all must cross at last, but as his feet touched maintain the children at home. There were numerous the waters God was with him. "So," in the words of cases in which a higher figure payment of 2s. per month ought to be paid but that : Banyan in his " Pilgrim's rm _ Progress," "he passed over should be the minimum. I and the trumpets sot ded for him on the other side. I ....---......„. was ludicrously small and inadequate. (Hear, bear). 1 SE ARE DEARER.—Advt. If the eemmittee were influenced by sympithy for HAMS, BACON & CHEE

===== 0002601_19040903_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE MR. EDWIN RICHARDSON.

NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS,

Rugby Football.

(By " Ovalist.")

Warrington hope and intend to make things hum during the coming season, and they are able to put a team in the field which should go a long way towards realising the highest expectations. The Mather-lane folk ought to be trembling in their shoes at the forces Warrington are bringing in order to affect their sub- jugation on Saturday. The first team contains all last season's clever backs with the addition of three new forwards, about whom so much has been said during the last few weeks. The full fifteen will thus be: Hallam, fullback; Fish, Isherwood, Dickenson and Harris, three-quarters ; Davies and Hockenhall, half backs ; Preston, Shugars, Belton, Boardman, Thomas, Cook, Naylor, and Jolley, forwards.

Leigh are opposing with Burgess full back; Neville, Bennett, Messer and Johnson, three-quarters: Dunbavin and Brady, half-backs; Boardman Berry, Silcock, Blackburn, Lee, Roberts (W), Kelly and O'Neill, forwards.

Making a paper comparison between the two teams, Warrington appear to be immensely superior to the home lot. Still they never got an easy thing at Leigh yet, and they will need to play hard and well to get two points out of the Mather-laners. The latter will be just as keen as Warrington to open the season with a win and are sure to put forth every effort.

The many Warringtonians who are sure to be present if the weather be fine, will be interested in seeing the debut of Burgess at full back. Somehow I can hardly imagine him being a success in this position, seeing that he never was noted for coolness on the field of play, and was never above the ordinary either as a-kick or catch. That he will do his best and work hard wilierever he is we all know, but Leigh must be hard up when they have to put the ex-War- rington half-back in the rearmost position.

Their new season's goods are not displayed in the shop window this time. The new men are all down on the "A " team where they will be fully extended by the Warrington second string, who are likely to prove a very warm lot. To-day they will be represented by Knight, full-back; Savage, Brooks, Watkins, and Kenyon, threequarters ; J. Davies and R. Bate, half-backs; J. Swift, Harmer, Lunt, Morrison, and Ashton, forwards. Davies is a youngster from Penygraig who had a trial last Saturday and:acquitted himself creditably.

The Warrington Committee have been labouring under considerable difficulties in picking the tw fifteens for there was never so much good material to choose from. All this reserve strength is a big advantage, for it makes the men who are chosen play to keep their places. There is nothing like com- petition for sharpening even footballers up. The selections which have been made will, I think, give satisfaction. The premier fifteen is about the heaviest that could be chosen, and the juniors are a promising lot. They possess plenty of pace in the three-quarter line, and that is where it is most wanted.

A special train will leave Bank Quay for Leigh at 2 o'clock, and the game will be in charge of Mr. Joe Priestley.

• The new season opened on Thursday with an echo of last season. Leeds and Batley met at Headingley to replay a last season's League match owing to a breach of the working clause by Leeds. Leeds played several new men, including Pacques, the Cumberland county forward, and Clarkson,a full back from Ossett, while Batley also had the assistance of a new back in O'Brien, late of Holbeck, and several new men in the pack. The game was scarcely taken seriously, neither side exerting themselves over much, and the play in consequence was scrappy. Leeds, if anything, had the better of the first half, but the combination was ragged, and, thanks principally to the clever work of Turton on the left wing,Batley held them at Bay. In the second portion Leeds were the first to score,Naylor getting over after a good run. Littlewood failed at goal. Batley, however, after this had all the better of the game, and Oakland got over (after bad play by Grace and Ward), for Turton to kick the goal they won by.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
Cricket.

To-day the curtain will be rung down on the War- rington cricket season of 1904, and the footballers will enter the arena. Taken all und the season has been gratifyingly success ful,and SVarrington's first eleven have no reason to be disappointed with their performances. On reviewing the various matches it is found that not until July 16th did the team suffer defeat, and three more reverses have followed. To go more into details, the opening match was played, on April 16th and Sefton were accounted for by a margin of 16. The subsequent engagements have resulted as follows :—April23rd,South Manchester defeated by 98; April 30th, Bolton defeated by 19 ; May 7th, Bootle defeated by 62; May 14th draw with Wigan; May 21st, draw with St. Helens; May 28th, Ashton-under-Lyne defeated by 26 ; June 4th. St. Helens defeated by 16; June 11th, Sale defeated by 113; June 18th, Earlestown defeated by 122; June 25th, draw with Bolton; July 2nd, Levensluilme defeated by 95; July 9th, South Manchester defeated by 58; July 16th, Sefton won by 145; July 23rd, Earlestown defeated by 131 ; July 30th, draw with ' Manchester ; August 6th, Bootle won by 42; August 13th,Ashton won by 124,and only 7 wickets down ; August 20th, draw with district eighteen • August 27th, draw with Sale. The season's record therefore is—played 20, won 12, lost 4 drawn 4. To-day sees the concluding match at Arplelv,an,d Preston will be the visitors.

Saturday's match at Sale was productive of interest- ing cricket, but neither side had the satisfaction of claiming the victory. Warrington lacked the services of E.A. Connor and P. B. Hawtin, whereas Sale played at, full strength. The Warrington batsmen gave a credit- able display and complied 170 for the loss of eight wickets. Sale had an hour and a half .in which to save the match, but they were equal to then. task and when stumps were drawn had knocked up 121 with only 5 wickets down.

The finest performance with the bat was that of Lynes, the Warrington professional, who made 57 inhis usual vigorous style. His remarkably hard hitting is evidenced by the fact that he placed twelve boundaries, and made only three singles. The visitors had the assistance of B. Silcock, an old club member who has not done ditty this season, and his patiently-compiled 34 was the next best score. J. W. Bibby placed 23 to his credit, and J. Callon's innings realized 15. A. Thewlis. the ex-professional, was in good form and knocked up 15 not out.

On the Sale side, J. Cookson secured first honours. Not a faulty stroke marred his innings which added 46 to the home score. He was magnificently caught by Richardson from one of Lynes' deliveries. C. R.lHartley batted creditably for 3.5 and Greenhalgh contributed 26.

Of the bowlers, W. Battersby accomplished the smart- est feat for Sale, capturing three wickets for 20 runs. Thewlis was the most effective in his deliveries on the Warrington side, two wickets falling at a cost of 25.

Warrington second sufferedoa reverse at the ikands of Sale second, who ran up a margin of 41. Warrington started disastrously, two %rickets falling without a single run on the score sheet. .T. Thompson and E. Pierpoint put a different gomplexion on the game, fifty runs being registered in a little over half an hour. Pierpoint was bowled by Rylance after knocking up 24, but Thompson continued to play in grand style and made 73. The inninzs closed for 1.26, to which Sale responded with 165, W. Thornber being the top scorer with 40.

Moore and Daresbnry accounted for Welker's Brewery by a 12 majority, the most successful batsman being J. Smith who compiled N.

Crosfleld's entertained Stretton and Appleton and came out victorious by 24. G. Gough was responsible for a capital 17 not out, but none of the visitors attained double figures.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

To-day the municipai bowling green at Victoria Park will be formally opened by the Mayoress at 2.30. The Mayor and Deputy-Mayor will then indulge in a game, after which the match League V. Works Association will be decided. The following teams have been selected :—League: Bull's Head. G. Ball sen., A. Shaw ; Cemetery, J. Berry. G. Ball, jun. ; Brooklands, T. Brookes. J. Earle; Liberal Club, A. J. Jones, H. .T. E. Jefferson, .1. Unsworth Daintith ; Chapel House, Fearnhead, C. Roberts, J. Weston; Penketh Park, J. Wareham, J. Bowyer; Horse and Jockey. G. Higham, T. Bretherton; Works : J. Willett (captain), Cros- flelds ; G. Holbrook (assistant captain). Rylands ; A. Gleave, White Cross: J. Monks, C.L.C. ; Herman Williams, Firth; Harry Williams, Pearson and Knowles: J. Holland, London _and North-Western. .T. W. Worsley, Pearson and Knowles ; Tom Bridge,

Fletcher.'Russell and Co.; T. Ellison, White Cross; T. , Horrobin, London and Northwestern; R. Fairbrother, I Artingstalls ; Joe Harrison, Houghton's: J. Ashton, Firth: H. Fogg, Stubbs; John I,Vorsley. Pearson and Knowles. Reserves : E. Shaw, Fletcher, Russell and Co.; T. Clare, Firth. There will be a charge of six- each to witness the match.

The works handicap was brought to a close on the King andiQueen green on Saturday, and a large crowd witnessed a series of keen contests. To John Monks belongs the honour of carrying off firbt prize, and his trial of skill with F. Woods proved interesting. Woods made a good effort but was outplayed, particularly in the big lengths. The compP3te prize list is as follows :-1, John Monks, clock; 2. Fernley Woods, watch ;3, George Shaw, case of cutlery; 4, F. Dean, cruet; 5, E. Clare, mattress and bedding. The other winners were :—Trousers: T. Humphries, Harry Williams, S. Lee, W. Kerfoot, R. T. Edington. Knives and forks: T. Horrabin, G. Monks, J. Jolley, J. Smith, R. Fairbrother, J, W. Worsley, Herman Williams, A. Peters and J. Russell. Table cloths: J. Dewson, J. Jennings, W. Mee, C. Jordan, C. Littlewood, C. Taylor, J. Andrews, H. Daintith, W. Drury. J. Wells, F. Ball, J, Tomlinson, W. Kenwriaht, J. Simister, J. Daintith, W. Bowering, E. Shaw, R. Dagnall and John Shaw.

Of course, the occasion could not be allowed to pass without a little speech making, and before the players left the green Mr. Willett, chairman of the committee, congratulated all interested in the competition on the splendid weather with which they had been favoured. He was sorry that neither the president (Captain Cros- field), nor his brother Mr. A H. Crosfield, ras able to be with them as they were in Switzerland, but Mr. Samuel Taylor, one of the vice-presidents, had kindly offered to distribute the prizes. He was also sorry that there was not such a big entry as last year, although it must be admitted when they took into consideration the Warrington and District League, which must of necess- ity rob them of some little interest, they had done well.

The company then adjourned to the well-appointed club room, where a convivial gathering was presided over by Mr. Samuel Taylor, one of the vice-presidents. Mr. Brtmelow occupied the vice-chair and the attendance includedj the energetic secretary, Mr. W. H. Smalley. The prizes were distributed by the Chairman, who com- mented upon the praiseworthy manner in which the games had been conducted throughout the season. When Mr. John Monks came forward to receive his handsome timepiece and bronzes he was warmly cheered. The Chairman expressed the opinion that the honour had been well earned, as Mr. Monks had "played an honest game all through." (Applause.) Appropriate observa- tions were addressed to the other successful players, several of whom, in answer to calls for a "speech," expressed the pleasure it afforded them to be among the prize winners. Mr. Taylor added that as long as the games were conducted in a sportsmanlike manner, the bowlers would receive the support of gentlemen through- out the town. (Applause.) Songs were rendered and a very enjoyable evening was spent.

With Saturday's matches, the Warrington and Dis- trict League competition of 1904 concluded. The fourteen matches arranged for each team have now been played, and keen.but friendly in a degree which has given pleasure to all concerned, has been the rivalry. Never was a championship more thoroughly earned, and the members of the Cemetery Club will have the hearty congratula- tions of their fellow-competitors upon the honour which has fallen to them. On Saturday they increased their lead to 4 points by defeating Brooklands to the extent of 49. One or two games were closely fought, T. Bandies defeating H. Williams, and J. Bandies account- ing for E. Taylor by a couple of points.

The only other match was between Fearnhead and th Liberal Club, and the victory of the villagers left the Liberals in undisputed possession of the wooden spoon. I hope the Bewsey:streetclub will have better luck next season, for their displays this year have been very poor. Several of Saturday's games proved very interesting, J. E. Warren defeating W. Turner by 15-13.

The following is the league table P. NV. L. For Agst. Pts. Cemetery Bull's Head Fearnhead l4 -. 8 _. 6 .-1945 -.1989 -. 16 Horse and Jockey ; 14 ... 7 ... 7 -.2109 ...1875 ... 14 Chapel House ,14 ... 7 ... 7 _lB6l ...2030 ... 14 Penketh Brooklands Liberal Club l4 ... 4 ... 10 ...1933 ...2155 ... 8

J. Berry did not figure in the Cemetery team on Saturday, so that the individual championship falls to A. Shaw, of Bull's Head, who has played 14 games and won 12, with a total of 202 points for and 134 against.

Cycling. Although Saturday afternoon was beautifully fine and the roads were in excellent condition, there was only a very moderate turnout for the Warrington Cycling Club's run to Delamere. The outward josrney through Frodsham and Kingsley was tkoroughly enjoyed and on arrival at the picturesque resort tea was served at the well-knowA Abbey Arms. Afterwards the wheelers in- dulged in a stroll round part of the forest and the beauties of the neighbourhood were much admired. A capital spin home concluded a successful outing.

Bold was the destination on Tuesday evening, but as the weather was extremely threatening only eight mem- b9rs assembled. A smart shower caused the cyclists to seek refuge at Sankey Chapel House where a pleasant hour was spent. The rain cleared off for the return journey and the run, though brief, was enjoyed.

L WHTING-lIP TIME.

To-night. Sunday 7'53 Monday 7.51 Tuesday 7.49 Wednesday

Thursda Friday - 7.42

===== 0002601_19040903_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Angling.

With few exceptions, the anticipations of sport amongst the coarse fish were realised last week-end. Canal fishing was more productive of sport than river fishing, and the Bridgewater Canal yielded odd catches, here and there, of fair proportions. The Canal at Acton Bridge yielded some roach fishing, too, but further afield not a great deal is reported as having been recorded. Several clubs were out match-fishing, fair sport being registered.'

The members of the Latchford Angling Society visited Northwich to fish another match at Barrow Lock, but not much sport was had, though the drive was much enjoyed. There were 33 competitors, and the following were declared winners :—lst, A. Mattock, Bozs. Bdrs. ; 2nd, A. Holland; 3rd, T. Wright; 4th and sth a tie, F. J. Emson and J. Jones ;18th, T. Worthing- ton; 7th, T. H.Houghton ; Bth, J. Barber; 9th, W. W. Starkey; and 10th, T. llwigger. There were 16 prizes altogether and they were all won. After the match all the members sat down to a substantial repast at the Sportsman's Inn, Northwich, Mr. Harry Taylor presid- ing, and Mr. E. Gorton in the vice-chiiir. The prizes were distributed on Monday evening last, and the date of the next match was provisionally fixed for Saturday, September 10th at Grappenhall. The Shakespeare Angling Society fished a contest at Agden Bridge on Saturday, last, Mr. L. Spencer being the winner.

To-day the Challenge Shield Competition and the Championship in connection with the Worslev Canal Fishery will be decided in two sections, one at London Bridge, Stockton Heath, and the other at Worsley. A good entry has been received.

In connection with the Warrington Anglers' Associa- tion, the Juvenile Branch will fish their- contest. at Grappenhall this afternoon.

The members of the Rope and Anshor Angling Society will fish a contest at Broken Cross, on Septem- ber 4th, and the Latchford Excelsior will visit the same place on September 18th. --- There will be A n open contest at Agden Bridge on Saturday, September 24th. Mr. Mattock of the Boat House Inn is offering £1 to a shilling entrance fee. Further particulars will be published in a few days.

The first match in connection with Crosfield's Angling Society was held at Thelwall on Saturday afternoon last when close upon one hundred of the employes of the works took part in the competition, thirty-three of which number caught fish. This was considered fairly good, inasmuch as the day was exceptionally bright, and restrictions were placed upon size, which all had a tendency against any abnormal weight being recorded. Several members of the works managementwere present during the competition, at the close of which it was decided to enter a team to fish for the Worsley Chal- lenge Shield which takes place to-dayat London Bridge. The distribution of prizes in connection with the above took place in the assembly room at the works on Wednesday, when Mr. Henry Roberts presented the prizes to the successful competitors. Ist prize, J. Holden; 2ne and 3rd, divided by J. Mather and E. Williams; 4th prize, H. Bromley ; sth and 6th, divided by H. Bell and W. Houghton; 7th, T. Clare; Bth, T. Higham ; 9th, J. Payne; 10th, R. Bate; 11th, R. Wilcox; 12th, .T. Jones; 13th, T. Livingstone; 14th, J. Wilcox 15th, S. Slater ; 16th, J. Bibby.

Mr. E. England of Stockton Heath has generously forwarded a cheque for £.5 to the Town Clerk towards a bowling prize to be competed for either this year or next, which shall carry with it the title of champion of Warrington and district. Mr. England also promises an annual donation of one guinea, and suggests that the competition be open to all bowlers within a radius of three miles of Warrington. The:Town Clerk has grate- fully acknowledged Mr. England's sportsmanlike action and we are sure it will also be warmly appreciated by the large army of bowlers in the district. PROVISIONS ARE DEARER.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
AN OSTEND SENSATION.

Reported Suicide of a Warrington Lady-

A Warrington young lady named Miss Louisa Kindoer is reported to have committed suicide at Ostend by throwing herself into the sea near the Royal Palace. A telegram giving a brief account of the tragic event appeared in several London papers on Tuesday, and it was stated that the day before her death Miss Kindoilt who was a native of Warrington, had attempted to throw herself from the window of her hotel, but was prevented from doing so. Inquiries in Warrington re- veal the fact that Miss Kindon is the•daughter of Mrs. Martha Jane Kindon, 22, Sharp-street, Warrington, but up to last evening no official intimation of her death had been received. With a view tO obtaining definite information, one of Miss Kindon's brothers left Warrington for Ostend on Wednesday. Miss Kindon, it appears, was 27 years of age and of prepossessing appearance. Her father, Mr. John Kindon, who was employed by Messrs. Pearson and Knowles for upwards of thirty years, died some time - ago, leavinghis wife with four sons and three daughters. One of the sons is marriedand lives in,Plerpoint-street. Miss Kindon was a clever needlewoman, and left War- rington six years ago to fulfil an engagement with a London firm of embroiderers. Three years later she was sent to represent the firm as a traveller in Belgium,with Brussels as headquarters. She was in touch with home - by correspondence, and in a recent letter told her mother that she would be visiting Ostend about this time. Naturally the sad news which gained currency on Tuesday came as a great shock to the family, for Miss Kindon was of a bright and happy dis- position and there was no sugsrestion in her letters of any trouble. Besides being a good linguist„ Miss Kindon was a clever horsewoman. She was held in esteem by a large circle of friends in Warrington,and her last visit to the town was made about last Christ- mas. Had it not been for the Ostend journey, she had intended coming over to England again this summer. Unfortunately Mrs. Kindon did not know the name of the firm with which her daughter was connected, and consequently was unable to communicate with theta., when the report appeared.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF

WARRINGTON.

ENDING AUGUST 27th, 1904.

During the week, the following births and deaths were registered :—Warrington Registration District births,46 ; deaths, 26. The excess of births over deaths was 20.

The birth-rate was equal to 35.8. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 19-8 per 1,000, against 21-8 the average of the previous 4 weeks and against 18-5 the corresponding period of last year. The death-rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 9-9 per 1,000, against 716 the average rate of the previous 4 weeks and against 411 the correspond- ing period of 1903. The ages of mortality were:- 0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65—up. Total 14 4 2 2 4 26

The deaths included-1 from scarlet fever. 1 from whooping cough, 11 from diarrhcea, 1 from phthisis, 2 from lung diseases, 10 from all other causes. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever, 25 cases, erysipelas, 1 case, Total number of patients in hospital, week ending August 27th, 112. -AMETEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 54 Fall. and therefore 1 deg. lower than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 67 F., was recorded on the 27th inst., and the minimum temperature 41 F., on the 24th Angust._ _ _

The rainfall measured 1•81 inch. Thelgeneml direction' was S.W.

J. GUEST GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
A WONDERFUL BILE BEAN CURE. Biliousness, Sickness, and Debility Ended.

"Everybody seems to want Bile Beans," said Mrs. - Janet Paul, of 6, Sir Michael-street, Greenock, to a' reporter of the "Greenock Herald," and added, " really shall have to lock my box up for my neighbours- have all found out how good they are, and are so con- stantly coming in to beg a few, I can hardly keep anY for my own use." In full explanation of her experi- ence, Mrs. Paul continued : Some time ago I began to feel out of sorts and depressed with frequent attacks_ of biliousness. I had racking pains across the small e the back. Then came headache, retching, and griping' pains in the stomach. This condition developed, until vomiting commenced. The vomiting seemed as if would never cease. and I had scarcely recovered Iran' one attack before another came on.

"I tried to eat, but could not. My appetite scat gone, and my inside revolted at the mere thought 01 food. I consulted several doctors. One said I had cold, another treated me for catarrh of the stomach, another for rheumatism. No two had a similar notion of the actual cause of my pain, and each tried different remedies from the others. All failed to do Me the slightest good. I had reached the stage of despair when Chas. Forde's Bile Beans were recommended, and I tried them. Before many days I felt brighter, and the paiqs in my back and head were less acute than they had been for weeks. I sent round for a further supply of Bile Beans and commenced taking them regularly. They made so much difference in me,that in a week or so I was like it clock that had been run clown and been put in complete order again by a clever operator. The improvement continued, vomititr, and biliousness ceased; the pains went, and now for the last few months I have been better in health than I can remember to have been for a long time. Bile Beans have cured me and set me ur, again, and since I talked so much about what they tor me, everybody I know seems to be taking them. Bile Beans are a certain cure for biliousness, indiges- tion, constipation, piles, debility, immmia, headache, female ailments, summer-end fag, wind, etc. Obtainable from all chemists at is. 11d., or 2s. 9d. for family b 0 containing three times is. Id. size. Fire in Legh-street. _ _ _

A fire which did considerable damage broke onto the premises of Messrs. Ingram Limited, electrical fitters, in Legh-street,shortly after two o'clock yester— day morning. Mr. Walter Hill, f Legh-street, gave the alarm, and the fire rigade turned out in charge of Snperintendent Turner. 14- good supply of water was obtained from the mains, but two hours' work was necessary before the' flames were extinguished. The building which con- tained a large electrical stock was practically gutted and the loss is roughly estimated at £3OO. FortunatelY the damage is covered by insurance. The fire spreads to a storeroom in the occupation of Mr. H. M. Ashton. and here about 115 worth of damage was done. An employees' dressing room at the Winmarleigh Cafr' was also burnt out. The origin of the fire is not • known.

The Premier of Victoria, says a Melbourne Corres- pondent, has caused the suppression of an advertisement caricaturing Mr. Reid, the Federal Premier, in bathing costume. Among the passengers on board the Union Castle, liner Kenilworth Castle, which sailed on WednesdaY from Cape Town for England, are Sir Arthur and Lady Lawley, Mr. Walrond, private secretary to Lord Milner. 9n d CommandantiKritzinger.

A WOMAN'S FORTUNE. Alice Hirst, an Edinburgh woman, told the St. Helens; magistrates, on Thursday, that there was a fortune ol £8,400 awaiting her when she came to St. Helens. A certain Father Webster was her cousin, and he was at St. Helens. He had been to Bedford-Leigh the daY before looking all over for her, so she came to St. Helens to find him. Dr. Cotton said the woman suffered from delusions, but when the p)liceman said she scp=' yesterday, under the influence of drink, she said he War' raving. It was he that was daft, not her.—The bener' sent her to the workhouse for fourteen days.

WIFE DESERTION AT WIDNES. Mary Jane Pickering, residing at 45, Anne-streft Widnes, was on Thursday morning granted a 10s. ma'o-. tenance order against her husband. He had left ber penniless, and had only sent her on an average 4s. fld; per week. which was inadequate to keep the 'home goia, Defendant said the reason he had left home was that his son had told him to go as they could do very well without him. He had taken his word, and gone awq• but in June last was persuaded to return, but on l° stayed a few days.

_ Warrington.—Printed and published by JOHN WAtic-git & Co., at The Examiner General *Printing W°l*" Bew.:sy-street, and published by them at the s3lTe p_l_aoe,and also at The Examine Oakes, Victoria-re WIDNES: 32, George-street, ST. HELENs: 3, garlre': street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street RUNCORN, Ser'`' 3rd, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040903_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4 im

===== 0002601_19040903_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
-I,AT YCLIFFE P.S.A.. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SRPTRMIOR 4ya. FIRST MEETING OF NEW HALF-YEAR. CHAIRMAN: Mn. B. FARRAR. SPRARRR : Ray. JOHN DAVIES. SOLOIST :111MR. R. WOOD. TIMB, 3 O'CLOCK. Good time to join ! New members greatly desired, and will oe cordially welcomed.

EOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) SIiPTEMBRR 4th. At 10.30 Mr. WALTRFt BROUG IL At 6-30 Bev. R. WILKINS MM.' All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

MACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATENT • ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly, adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire:satlsfaction. SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 40S. MACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WINLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAY3.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILIJY, ATTENDANCE DAILY' 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

IiEWSRY ROAD WESLRYAN COURCET TOMORROW (SUNDAY) SRPTBMBER 4th. At 10-30. Rev. R. WILKINS RBBS. MogNnto ennacar : "Knowing God in the stillness." At 6.30 Mr. A. PBRKINS. All welcome. Hymn Books proviied.

BAPTIST nIIURCII, GOL 3ORNE-STRE ET WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBBR 4th. PREACHER • Mr. B. W. JONBS. Morning, 16.45. Evening, 6.30. AB seats free. Hymn Books provided.

1/APTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD.—SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY, SEPTEMBER 4ra. 1904. PRVACHF.R : BET. JOHN FR&NCIS MATTHEWS, Morning, 10.30; Evening, 6. Anthem by the Choir. lOUNG PEOPLE'S SERVICE in the Afternoon at 2.15. CHAIRMAN MR. S. ALBINSON. SPEAKER : MR. COUNCILLOR W. BROUGH. Special Hymns by the Children. ORGANDT : MR. PETER HARRISON. COLLECTIONS.

LIVERPOOL UNIVERSITY. VICTERINARY SCHOOL. THE WINTER SESSION WILL COMMENCE ON WEDNESDAY, THE STH OCTOBER. For Prospectus and full particulars apply W. OWEN WILLIAMS.

MRS. Z. RICHARDSON and FAMILY DESIRE to AOKNOWLBDGB with GNATEPU'L THANKS. the numerous kind letters of sympathy received in their sad bereavement, and they also wish to thank those who so kindly sent wreaths and other floral tributes. Paddington House. Warrington. August 1904.

GRAND LIBERAL BAZAAR. THE BRITISII ISLES." PARR HALL. WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY & FRIDAY, OCTOBBR snr. 6m, & 7TH. C. JACKSON HOLMBS, Hon. Treas. 114.DlerdUvra0airNE } Ron. secs.

WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. GOLD AND bILVER WATCHES, DIAMOND AND OTHER RINGS, CHAINS, BROOCHES, PINS, STUDS. LINKS, and all other Articles of Jewellery practically GIVEN AWAY At the Prices Marked in the Window. Call and see for yourselves before going elsewhere. --- SPECIAL OFFER.-22ct. Gold Wedding Rings sold by weight. All shapes and sizes at 6/9 PER PDR WI VA ;VI NIP MORE?HY 6/9 A Large Stook of Clocks, Bronzes, Forks, and Spoons, utiery. ac. by best makerciat giving-away prices.f.l6l -- M• RUBENS, JEWELLER, Bice .MAICCHESTER STREET, LIVERFOOL. -- ACrII3.—MONEY Advanced on all kinds of Valuables Lowest Rates of Interest.

CITY OF BRADFORD FXHIBITION.—ENDLESS VARIETY OF INTERESTIWO FEATURES. &rtßection. Industrial Section. Textile Section and Zornen's Section. Somali Village (first time in England). gaval Spectacle (Russo-Javanese War.) Palace of Illusions. Ystal Maze. Baby Incubator Institute. Captive Balloon. the best Military and Orchestral Bands. Organ Recitals, Water Chute. Illuminated Fountains. Tens of thousands of Fairy Lamps. etc. tt'll day, is.; after 6 o'clock, 6d.; Children 6d. Saturday. '"4 • For special fasilities inquire at Tourist offices.

LIVERPOOL AND NORTEI WALES. REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS (Sundays included). VY Palatial saloon steamer" La Marguerite" or other steamer teaving Prince's Landing Stage daily. 10.45 ft.m for landudno,Beaumaris,Bangor and Menai Bridgelallowing 3i 'tours ashore at Llandudno, and due back about 7.0 p.m. EXTRA S AIL TNO9. September 11.15 a.m. Every Sunday, " Snowdon". to Llandudno due back 8 p.m. 9.15 p.m., oaturdays, 3rd And 10th and Monday, sth for Llandudno, eaumaris, Bangor.and Menai Bridge. Lat Isle of Anglesey Trip, Wednesday, 14th September by t. Blvies at 9.15 a.m., due back 8.15 p.m. •ft:Por all further Information, apply to the Liverpool and iVrth Wales Steamship Company,Ltd.. T. .1.13 RE w, Secretary, . Chapel et., Liverpool. Guide 3d. post free. _ Through booking ov Cheshire Lines leaving Warrington Zt 8.48 a.m. on week days and 9.45 a.m. on Sundays. Also ZY L. zt N.W. Railway at 8-25 a.m. on week days and 8-35 411. on Sundays.

SPECTACLES. PERRY'S PEBBLE SPECTACLES. PERRY & CO., OPTICIANS AND ELECTRICIA.NS, 5, SBYMOUR ST. (Near London Road), LIVBRPOOL. Byesight testing Rooms for the accurate fitting of Spectacles. Clients visited at their own homes on receipt of post card. Send for our Booklet.

LANGLANDS' SAILTNGS TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. " PRINCRsS LOUISB " OR OVUM STRAMBR. r„?°131 LIVEIRPOOL From GLASGOW ;glarenee Dock Berths N 0.22-28. North Side urs. Sep. lit 2 p.m. Mon. Aug 29th 2 p.m. *5.25 p.m. Oes- Sep. 6th 7.30 p.m. Sat. Sep. 3rd 2 p.m. *6.45 p.m. *burs. Sep. 15th 2.30 p.m. Tues. Sep. 13th 2 p.m. *5.25 p.m. %Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). ~,,SDecial reduced through tickets from Warrington, W etc. ORDlltAttr FARRQ FROM LIVRRPOOL :—Oabin, Single, lie. ; etnrn(valid for two mmths),l6s. 6d. Steerage,Single, Si 6d. I,,,SPEciaL RETURN TlCKETB.—(valid for 10 days). Cabin ; Steerage Bs. 3d. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, CROSS STRRRT, MANCHRSTRR. 4u. RU MFORD PLACE. LIVRRPOOL.

BBLACKNIAIL, SLANDER, LEM OR DIVORCE American System.—ALLEN GAUNT BOWEN & CO., PRIVATE ENQUIRY AGENTS, 21, DICKINSON STREET. MANCHIIiTHR.

MLLE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- 1. pared to receive LOANS, either at six montbel notice or for a term of years. Application to he made to the BoROUGH TREASURER. Municinal Offices. Warrington.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTE i TAILS OF e FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURE FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN. 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

ENAMELLED IRON SIGNS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION., MOTOR NUMBER PLATES IS ALL COLOURS. ENAMELLED COPPER _LETTERS, GLASS, WOOD: AND METAL LETTERS ()FALL KINDS SUPPLIED AND FIXED. NAME TABLETS, DOOR NUMBERS, &C. ACTUAL MAKER, JAMBS ED WARDS, " LIVER " ENAMEL WORKS, RATHBONH-STBE ET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 0873 Royal.

_ BOYS YOU WANT BOOTS I'm offering Sixty I WANT TRADE Styles in Box Calf and Glace MO at Bs. 6d. a JET'S GET TOGETHER time. ARTHUR EVANS.I Pot3TAL 155. ALDRRSGATIs si.. LONDON. DEPARTMENTS) 5, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAFBL, LIVERPOOL, One rnlnnte's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diarnonde, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of ever.? description. OLD GOLD AND STLVER BOUGHT. All transactions In accordance with Acta( Parßaman Strictast secrecy and straleitforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes. China. Marble Clocks, Pictures, &c., &c.. always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BAInAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, &a.. &c We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES TIY POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings ot all kinds. Skilfully and Promptly done. Low. _ rices In Liverpool for Gold Chains. Carer ally 'Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS, &a. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. NI'LAINE'S RICHMOND S2REET, LIVERPOOL.

WARRINGTON UNION.- PERSONS WILL- ING to CONTRACT for the isupply of any of the te Ilhdermentioned articles from Michalmas to Lady Day next, I„ be delivered free of expense at the Warrington Union h'verkhouse, or at the Cottage Homes,Padgate, at such times qtild 1 such quantities as the Board of Guardians shall rect, are requested to send in TENDERS properly sealed, h4dorsed and free of expense, addressed to the Clerk of the I.4,thardians. before four o'clock p.m. on TUESDAY, the 20th ,p3r,°f SEPTEMBER, 1904. Q t e following are the articles for which TENDERS are egtlired - 4oe • eries and Provisions Coal, Slack and Gas Coke e" Mid Mutton Milk for a year, Workhouse Joints for Officers .. Cottage Homes -Ur and Canadian pin head Shoes, Clogs and Slippers Meal Glazing irves of Bread for Slhools Brushes et,'? and Potatoes Coffins Leather e'd and Twill of any of the above may be seen on application to 0 blaster of the Workhouse. The Coal and Slack supplied tistrzt be to the satisfaction of the House and Schools Corn- ,tees. The Pit and quality of coal must be named in the tig,ler. Forms of tender and full particulars as to the tehable quantities of each article required may be obtained e Clerk's Office. 7„.cit tender must be made upon the prescribed .form and te,t4er/y enclosed and endorsed with the name of the article sthl'red for. Rath article tendered for must be of size material 4".7nality shown at the Workhouse. No tenders Jo. other gelele.s will be accepted. Each Jontractor must be prepared Olgnired) to enter into security for the due performance 11 contract. The Guardians do not bind th-smselves to 3t the lowest or any tender. ill contract accounts will Paid quart, rly. —By order, JAMBS CLOWES SUTTON, Clerk to the Guardians --Rey Chambers. Warrington. August 31st 1904.

WARRINGTON UNION.- -HOSPITAL PORTER. It?, THE GUARDIANS are DESIROUS of RECHIV- kk"' APPLICATIONS for the post of hospital porter. Salary toZ Der annum, uniform, board, lod7ings and washing all tro-licl• Application forms and list of duties can be obtained 01,71 the master. Mr. J. F. Aubery. All such applications st be sent to him by 12 o'clock noon on or before Friday, 4,),rernber 9th. Rpo,ge Guardians are also desirous of purchasing 500 yards of to, serviceable tweed that will stand washing and suitable Nt,rneking men's suits. Sealed tenders accompanied by y % erns to be sent to the aster by 12 o'clock noon on or °re Friday, September 9th. J. C. SUTTON (Clerk).

We HODGKINSON, LTD. HAVE REMOVED THE WHOLE OF THEIR STOCK, INCLUDING THE FURNISHING DEPARTMENT TO THEIR NEW PREMISES, WHERE, THEIR CLEARANCE SALE IS BEING CONTINUED. BRIDGE STREET WARRINGTON.

4•6.14- I.IIAGBEL" RAZORS ARE TEE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED. POST FREE 38., 48. 6D., AND se. 6. J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

T L. HAWTHORN, JOINER AND BUILDER, fj • 1, LOVELY LANE, WARRINGTON. FUNERALS FURNISHED. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms: No. I. BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED von SALE. New and Second-band Furniture and other Goode constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture, &a.. warehoused.

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. EMIL HARGRAVES' CIGARS 71 YEARS. HARGRAVES' CIGARETTES. MANUFACTORY: SWAN-SIRERT, MANCHRSTBR.

GEDDESS DANDELION COFFEE The bept and cheapest ever offered to the Pnblll. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists,ll„ %nista 5d.. 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by 1. GEDDBS AID SON. LTD WARRINGT 03 BSTABLISMID 1833.

M R bS. THOS. C L CARRY ON THE BUSINESS OF STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT THE " EXAMINER " OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, BARLESTOWN, As before, and sincerely hopes to receive the same patronage as bestowed on her late husband for upwards of 40 years. B. CLAMP & SON, PORTMANTEAU, BAG. AND TRUNK MANUFACTURERS. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS from 245. Od. to 50s. GLADSTONE BAGS (Real Cow Hide) from 16s. Od. to 70s. BRIEF BAGS from ss. 6d, WATERPROOF HOLD-ALLS from 12s. 6d. to 30s. Buy direct from the makers and save 25 per cent. 37, 39, 41, DALE STREET, AND 12, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ITHSETOUPPORRTE- STREET), NEWER DESIGNS, BETTER AMNILDT3OON2d BETTER QUALITY CHEAPER I RICE% and LOWER TERM nan:any other house in Menchester,;and, above all, the. DEIS QUITE OPTIONALA '• Manche3ter and surrounding districts there eSiari. are thousands of would-be purchasers who tremble at the idea of the Hire Purchase System. OBSTINATE FRIENDS AND NERVOUS RE- LATIONS -, will say avoid the'llire System . Bill' WHY? Because they don't know THE EMPIRE FURNISHING CO. and their methods of doing business, and that they like to treat their cus- tomers as they would like to be treated ; and I they DON'T ASK YOU TO SIGN ANY OBJEC- , TIONABLE AGREEMENT. ALSO BECAUSE, If you are ill, If you meet with an Accident, Is you lose your situation, Or have any other misfortune. THE EMPIRE WILL SAY If you are unable to pay we don't expect you to pay ; and in no case do their customers ever lose the value of the money they have already paid. COME AND SEE THEM, YOU INEED Nor BUY Catalogues of Terms are sent Post Free. or their Representative will call on receipt of Post !Card. I EMPIRE '3OO, 614T1OCKRPORITSRTIOAIDN 5 CO. - OPEN 9 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Wednesdv,. 9 a.m. to 1 p.m --

DRUGLESS HEALING. MR. H. ALGERNON COLVILE, (SPIRITUAL HEALER.) 66, CHELVERTON ROAD, PUTNEY, S.W. (Mr. Co(vile •vas for 23 years Lay Missioner for the Diocese of Liofield, and Warden of the Evangelist Brotherhood.) PAMPHLET, TESTIMONIALS, &c. FREE ON APPLICATION. CHRONIC CASES AND THOSE SAID TO BE INCURABLE SPECIALLY INVITED. PERSONAL INTERVIEWS BY APPOINTMENT ONLY. - --- WHY GROW BALD? YOU CAN GROW HAIR BY USING ANTINOPIA. OF CHEMISTS, OPt POST FREE 2e. In.. FROM SEABY 21, RAILWAY APPROACH, LONDON BRIDGIC.

D EARRHOEA, DURING THE LAST HALF-CENTURY EVERY- ONE TRAVELLING IN HOT CLIMES HAS MA DE A POINT OF CARRYING SOME DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, SO AS TO BE IN A POSITION TO IMME- DIATELY STOP AN ATTACK OF DIARRHOEA, DYSENTERY, OR CHOLERA. Hot weather in the British Isles strikes suddenly, and everyone should take a little precaution. Don't wait till you actually need the Chlorodyne ; you might be driven to sending a careless messenger for • the medicine you require, who might accept a an batitute. YOU WANT DR. J. COLLIS BR(=M NE'S CHLOROD (NE.

110r5t5, arriagto. tibt ,Storit Scr

tAN SALE good sound And quiet DONKEY; either ride VI or drive.—Apply J. Gut, Woodvale Farm, Ainsnale, Southport.

/ OOD Red HEIFER on sale, in calf, time up September 10th.—Applv, THO‘lAs ATHERToN, Fszakerley Hall, Fazakerley, Liverpool. STYLISH CHESNUT MARE 5 year old 15-1 been driven by a Lady. Thoroughly Trustworthy, Good Mover.— apply 45, PooLSTOCK, Wigan. WAGGON, 141 t. long, 71t. wide. carry up to eight tons- just overhauled and painted good as new.—Apply CAkkoza., 177, Duke it., Liverpool. - FLOAT, light and roomy, coot £35 few mouths ago: suit bottler, greengrocer ; equal to new.—Apply CARRoLL, 177, Duke street. Liverpool.

FIELD SPANIEL PUPS, three Dogs. live months 11 old, sire Auckland Twinkle, 'Jam Lady Bailer; will make winners.—Apply, Does" Cbeapside, Lancaster.

1-2.00 D Two-wheeled VAN on Sale suitable for baker, con- fectioner, etc. ; almost equal to new.—Apply, RICHARD FORSHAW. carriage builder. near Skelmersdale Station. -- - - A IRBDALB PUPS by Nock Salt. Web Terriers by son 1-1, of Full of Fight ; also bitches and grand stud dog. Cheap to clear, removing.—MOßLEY. Nowarth..vist Stockport.

ITESICO SUDORIFIC for larnt, or unsound Horses.— V Vesico Sudorific is the quickest, !Mee, and most famous remedy for Splint, Spavin, Ringbone, bidebone, Capped Hock and Elbow, Curb, Windgall, Tumours. Weak Legs, &c. Price 2s. 6d. orbs., of Chemists, or post [I'm—GREGORY it Co., Temple, Bristol. •-"i• Y k n kl;ril 11 k •

J. AND W. DUTTON ARE NOW SHOWING THEIR FIRST DELIVERIES OF NOVELTIES FOR AUTUMN WEAR IN COATS AND SKIRTS, JACKETS, DRESS MArERIAL AND MILLINERY. 16, 18, & 20, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

GREAT CLEARANCE SALE. SKELTON'S, LIMITED, HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE COMMENCES THIS D SATURDAY, AUGUST 27TEr. £5,000 WORTH OF STOCK MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE. BIG REDUCTIONS IN EVERY LINE. A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY FOR BARGAINS.

J. M. GREEN HALGH & Co., ARE NOW SHOWING A CHOICE SELECTION OF UP-TO-DATE BED-ROOM FURNITURE, RANGING IN PRICE FROM .212 AND UPWARDS. ALSO SMART AND UP-TO-DATE LINES IN ALL BRASS & BRASS &., IRON BEDSTEADS AT PRICES RANGING FROM 14s. 6D. AND UPWARDS. 138 & 140, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON,

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON • 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAW NBILOBERS , J EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (B. ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY ON EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old sold and Silver intiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advance on Jewellely. Diamonds, Watches, Plate. &0.. to any amount at low rates of interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2081.

ESTABLISHED 1838. • RICHARD jEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPCOL, FRAMH MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suitablelfor Wedding and Birthday Precents, School Prises, &v. Terms Moderate. A FINH COLLECTION OF PHOXOGRAPILS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Conies of Pictures in the 'Continental Galleries.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE Ir THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOE. IMMENSE dVABIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

OR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREaT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BERN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE BOON TO WOMANKIND. They7are the best known Remedy:tor Anaemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakneas. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9id. is lid, 2s 9d, 45 6d, and lii. May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Proprietor. Only Address : 3J9. PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL. LONDON W.

64 WAHOO " THE MARVEE., OF THE TWHNTIUTR CHNTURY. PRICK The wonderful Wahoo Ringworm Cure ~. Is.. n-d Sr 2s. The marvellous cure for Hczema Is. la-d. it 2s. The Wahoo Electric Rheumatic Cure ... Is. nd. ,• Medicina Is. nci. Wahoo for the Hair. A Renowned Hair Restorer Is. Of all Chemists or of the WAHOO MHDICINA CO., LTD.,HARLBSD RN, LONDON.

4 H.P. CROSSLEY GAS ENGINE for Sale; in first-rate Condition; good as new.--Apply MERCHANT AND Co. 59. Shakespeare at.. Southport.

END OF SEASON. CLEARANCE SALE OF CYCLES. 3. IN DISCOUNT OFF ALL NEW MACHINES FOR CASE ONLY. SECOND-HAND MACHINES FROM 30s. EACH. MOTOR CYCLES AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. j• S. GARLAND 51, 53. Lt 55. BRIDGE SIREET, WARRINGTON.

S. FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET, ITARRINGTO N WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

B. AV ADSWORTH, SOLE AGENT FOR THE WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 59, SANKEY-ST.. WARRINGTON

SUMMER HOLIDAYS. AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHERS SHOULD PAY A VISIT TO THF. AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. LARGEST STOCK OF NEW AND SECOND-HAND CAMERAS AND SCIENTIFIC INSTRUMENTS ETC., IN MANCHESTER. SECOND-HAND LIST NOW READY POST FREE. THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, OXFORD ROAD (NEAR ALL SAINTS) MANCHESTER.

eOttrattort

SBAFITILD SCHOOL, LYTHAM. Facing the sea. Re- cognised by the Board or Education as an efficient school. Principal, Dr. SLATER, M.A., F.R.A.S.

IJNIYERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A MOST SLTCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR Boys. W. HENDERSON, M.A., Principal,

OXFORD HOUSE SCHOOL, BT. ANNES-ON-THE-SEA. —BOYS Prepared for the Public Schools. Thorough grounding andindiviJualteaching. New, spechily desigaed buildings. Michaelmas term begins September 21st. Principal J. F. BRINDLE. B.A. (thson)•

9/1 csUIBEAS YEARLY (GIILL.S).—Board, Laundress. ...I If English, French. Bookkeeping, Shorthand, Type- writing, Sewing, Music, Drilling. Extensive new premiss. Electric light. Class Rooms, Gymnasiva., Library. Concert Hall. Prospectus. View.—Pßlscwsr., Pengwern College, Cheltenham.

CHE6HIRE.—WINCH A M HALL, Loatock Gralam. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL YOH GIRLS. Large Mansion and Playing Fields. Excellent Resident Staff. Great successes recent lixaminations. 310 *Certificates gained last Term. AUTUMN TERM begins Tuesday September 20. Prospectus, references, views, from Miss PARKBS, Principal.

ST. ASAPH GRAMMAR SCHOOL, a. WALIIS. PUBLIC BOARDING SCHOOL. Well equipped. Laboratory. Workshop. Healthy, picturesque situation. Near Cathe- dral. Bracing air. Individual attention. Preparation for university, professional hnd commercial exams.—B. MAINE, M.A., B.Sc., bead master.

QOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. SCARISBRICK BEW-ROAD. One of the LARGEST PRIVATE SCHOOLS In the North of England. CAPT. 3. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., P.R.G.S.. Head Master.

NIL ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Blusic,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

-- -13UPIL requiring Finishing Lessons under Professors can I be received in first-dais school, on moderate terms, if willing to assist one hour daily with two little girls. Superior advantages in Music, Singing, Painting. House overlooks sea in one of the loveliest health resorts,ot 142 Fore et., Exeter.

DEYTIIEUR SCHOOL, Oswestry. Head Master, DO WELL LEE, M.A., LL,D. Healthy situa- tion on Welsh hills. "Every modern improvement ; electric, light Modern education ; boys receive individual instruc- tion; Camb., Local Mame. Fees. owing to endowment, £27 to £3O per annum Inclusive.—For prospectus, apply to Dr. LEE.

LADIES' COLLEGE UR/ASTON. NEAR MANCHRSTER. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. PRINCIPALS : Mrs. R. ELLIDGE, Trained Certificated Teacher, Registered Colarnn B Teachers' Register ; Miss M. HOLLAND, London Trained Kindgergarten Teacher. Full staff of Resident English and Foreign Mis- tresses, and Visiting Professors. Pu:Als prepared for Oxford ane. Cambridge Local and Music Examinations. FERs MODERATE. PROSPECTUS and REFERENCES ON APPLICATION.

THE PRIORY, WAHRINGTON.—HIGH uHOOL FOR GIRLS AND KINDBRGARTRN. PRINCIPALS :—The MISSIIS WILLIAMS (Cert. Universi- ties of Oxford,Cambridge. London; Trinity College, London.) The school will re-open on Wednesday. September 14th. 1904 Boys under 10 years of age are admitted. PROSPROTLISES ttc., on application to the principals, who will be at home after September 2nd.

HIGH SCHOOL, 23, WILSON PArTEN- STREET, WARRINGTON. PRINCIPALS : THE MISSES PARTINGTON (ertiticated Val ord Women's. Oxford and Cambridge Senior Locals. Trinity College London &c.) NEXT TERM WILL COMMENCE THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 22Nn. "At Home" Wednesday. September 21st. PROSPECTUSES AND TESTIMONIALS ON APPLICATION.

WARRI • GTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL—THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY , SEPTEMBER ISTH. THE HEAD MASTER will be at home to INTERVIEW PARENTS on WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14TH, PREPARATORY FORM for BOYS from 8 to 12 years of age. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, S:c., PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION

M ANC ESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL FEE, £4 41. per term. N.B.—Boys entering over 14 years of age pay £5 ss. per annum. THE NE XT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13th, Entrance Examination, MoNDAY .SEPTFMBER 12th, at 9 a.m. PROSPECTUSES, FORMS OF APPLICATION, &c. may be had at the school. ThP boarding house in connection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. The Art School Evening Classes re-open on Monday, September 19th, A class for ladies and teachers is also held on Saturday morn- ings. ')WEN W. COX, Receiver.

. UNEQUALLED For HIGH QUALITY, EXQUISITE FLAVOUR & DIGESTIBILITY. , '—..".a"'l.---- ..... _ 4-....,........,!.... • •••,....7.7.--, --4 .... „,;:, •-,..-, !,.. .... ii I, -- • -,.., Ib. ... rti 4111. ~ ~. .4, „co . , .- - • . ‘ . e 1 ..... • t• , . . , . .. . "--".!.........L___.......,...- .* . . .. :ft. , , i 4,, - - ."'•-.- ~ . ~.8 ..,,... 9 ..: -,:, -,-, I . - • ' .:''s . , , i• . , . I . .. ; . . I . . ' 1 . ' .-: ‘. .• , . .. ..' .;::‘ ;I'Z . . . .• , C -. . I , :.,..!. 1 '-•::,.•• '7-,\V"s• '---.;:, _. ~ .. . ! I '..if -`4;:.,:,::•• I Cilli gi Pure and Unmixed."—THE LANCET. si In flavour it is perfect."— THE BRITISH MEDICAL JOURNAL. 1 . "None of the numerous Cocoas have as yet 1 , equalled -Van Houten's in solubility, agreeable , .1.,5",) 3 taste, and nutritive properties."—HEALTH. 1 • - *-. 1111 -•••- 7 .1' 3, •. - ,v-• .. ry , BEST & GOES FARTHEST.

THE BOLD & ATTRACTIVE COASTS OF DEVON ,(NT, CORNWALL,

THE ROMANTIC EXMOOR AND RUGGED DARTMOOR.

1* hAvf_____eerew.,,, • fiODIVA • .., - - iry ~.. cor.'-.Arti 4 ---i:..., .fi\elf\JC -- .ed vatue in , , bririik \ . ,9•. Cig6u 1 GOOD V '-,-.., br6iN6ble SMOKES„ K LAD ~' rli,E ' , • \ \_GODIA 6/9X per ~ , ~CICARETTES bo or 1.1.1,\. ~.o,losor3D .1, 50 .....; ~4../.., ~ :....„ p .. AVISS 51Z05 17) 4 ...;.' COVENTRY -,-- - -

AGENTo IJoseph Beswiek tiorsemarket Street, WARRINGTON. W. SHAW Jun., Top Locks, Runcorn, S. JBAVONS, 21, George St., St. Helens. It. CULSHAW, 38 Burscough St., Ormskirk.

MAKES THE SKIN./ ' , asSOFT as VELVET ss.ON; . ~' ; •: acur 1 1 Removes all ROUGHNESS, , gel' REDNESS, HEAT, IRRITATION, TAN,and KEEPS THE SKIN SOFT, SMOOTH, an.a WHITE ALL THE YEAR ROUND. Delicihtfull9 COOLING Z REFRESHING ... ,e__ durin9 the summer Bottles_ 1./-, 1/9. and 2/6 each. M.BEETHAM S;SON, Cheltenham.

----- THE KEY TO HEALTH. Sufferers can have thPir money returned if not satisfied with Holdroyd's Gr4vel Pills. ouaranteed a ?chitty° Care for Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the Back. Dropsy, Wind, Water Complaints, Diseases of the Kidneys. Bladder. Urinary Organs btone, Gout, Sciatica, and Rheumatism. Ls. 4d., an Cuemlsts ; post free 12 stamps. Holdroyd's Medical _....ll..upesheaton, Yorks.

*MASI ILLIISTISATID CATALOOVIL W&lI pao. Prices. Circalecs,onttorAc tu Accegnoteialiciaoseusye e Eyer, 414-t5 e Stocki Orccdessilraorcabi3o.4o,3Seeei: Airrcac.e.,:a. oryiy res. It n such bargainsoffered C 13•nd for List. Agents - Whsels, wanted ac., Half- Olt 40 • • reL"td°,l,Plirvfr;l,lcrts Nair —Warrilow & Co.. ft Weston-super-mars.

Patronized by Royalty. Nobility. 15le. For RELIABLE ARTICL.2.:S At LOWEST PRICES FU '9 11 N I m AT 151.." • 4.r "1",:i 41 3 so.• les• • , • , Where you can always depend upon obtaining,something to be proud of.

INDIGESTION CREATES DISEASE IN MANY FORMS. Mrs. Catherine Cassidy, 34, Diamond Street, Wallsend, near Newcastle, wrote on February 12, 1904: "Some eight years ago I sent you a testimonial to the merits of Mother Seigel's Syrup, which cured me of dropsy. Three bottles of the medicine cured me; I have had good health ever since." MOTHER sEIGEus SYRUP George Robinson, of Rawcliffe, R. 5.0., Yorks., says: "I was laid up eleven weeks with acute dyspepsia and the diseases .that are part and parcel of it. That was fifteen years ago. I tried Mother Seigel's Syrup, and in a few weeks I was in sound health. I am now, February 25, !,904, as well as a man could wish to be." WILL CURE IT. Price 1/4 & 2/6 per Bottle.

PITTS'S Renowned HOUSES OF FURNITURE At 151,, 22i, 28i, 3£ll, 50, 75, 100, 20003 up to 3,000 Guineas are the embodiment of everything that is BEST in VALUE, wear, and appearance. at lowest cost. They have been the means of making thousands of homes cosy and comfortable. We have been furnishers 59 Years, so know exactly how the nest should be feathered. Favour us with a chance at yours. We will delight you'. Full Particulars FREE.

PITTS'S Furnishing Guide Has proved a boon and a blessing to budding benedists with their beauteous brides, as it contains 800 Artistic Designs priced, and shows how to tastefully equip the largest or smallest house for ABOUT HALF usual cost. Post Free, Gratis. Cash Quotations only. Easy Payments 10 per cent. extra. LONDON ROAD, MANCHESTER. Established 1845. Bankers: Lloyd's.

~...„,,,712: ...---z..-'-.----/:ilf 42. .: 1117 i., s RUBBER' FI TZROY ' , HEEL PAD ........7-- - _ - A real good class Artivh.. -:-.-.-Z-% 40b5 Every l'air Gaaranteect ,_-.-- le.-‘,"- : Ladies' 41d., Gents.' 6(1 1., .. ........-6•! Per Pair. Postage Free. teei =-:.... al Quotations • for Quantities. r • ~,`;'- Laurie & McConnal, Ltd.. Rubber Heel S pecial hit i, Caulbrici;

CRICKET.

EVERYTHING as it should be PRACTICAL from a Practical Man FOOTBALLS— s Round, Sound, and Durable qiThe Football King, 9/6 Used England v. Scotland (5 times) '.., t English Cup Final (6 times), every 1,, st Teveli,ietaignuethe all of Football. i , 1 V-,,` . Centre-Half „ 7/6 ' sir) Klriker „ 6/6 r . 4 Junior League„ 5/- ' • ''' KNICKERS— • It Wide-fitting but not Baggy. • . Navy or White, 1/6,1/11, 2/6,3/6 , 1,,, Flannelette, 2/3, 25/- per doz. i SHIRTS— ',V. h i i Well Sewn and Comfortable Matting Cloth, 2/9, 30/- per doz. . •,, ' Untearable, 3/6, 40/- per doz jk t ' i " BOOTS-- , It, With Permanent Toes, on Good .1 Lasts, Easy yet Tight-fitting. Scot 10/6 Junior League 8/9 League lO/6 I Don 6/. S.O 7/9 I Marvel 5/- BHIN GUARDS, 10d, 1/6, 2/6 Bulger Pattern. BAGS-3/6, 4/6, 5/6, 7/6 HOCKEY STICKS, Lane. Witch 7/6 GOAL N ETS-30/-, 35/-, 481- Cork Grip.... • • 6/- HOCKEY BALLS— Special 5/- 3,16, 4/6, 5/- Klynker 4/6 BOXING GLOVES—Per Set of 4, 4/9. ' Gold Cape 6/6 8/9, 11/6, 14/6 ' 'VE . LORI) ST , • - CFREE LIVERPOOL

Goddard's Plate' - Powder roe cicanin2 Si !yealee t ro Plate& „50!d everN where lk 2/6a. 4k,

The Examiner, Saturday, September s, 1904. THE WONDERS OF YOSEMITE. BILLIARDS. Where Trippers are Unknown. I THE STROKES OF THE GAME. ; There are plenty of men by nature fond of travelling, , who yet dislike visiting what they call "show places,' BY lest they run across the herds of trippers who now swarm , in their hundreds and their thousands over the greater part of the world at certain seasons of ths year. One c,an thoroughly sympathize with such individuals, for , truly the sight of some scores of tourists flourishing ! cameras and guide-books, munching sandwiches, swilling bottled beer, and, worse of all, bawling banalities one to another at the tops of their voices, is not calculated to sooth the spirit of the man or woman of contempla I. - tive mood or artistic temperament. The man of taste and refinement who visits Yosemite, the world-renowned SIDE. valley of California, however, need have no fear of being disconcerted by trippers of any kind; for if a Although the most moderate of players can thousand shouting bank-holiday-mak4s were to be easily impart side to a ball, the properties of turned loose into that vast valley, they would be out side are but little understood by the ordinary of sight and hearings° quickly that their very existence player. I therefore intend in the course of this would be doubted by all save those who had actually article and several ensuing ones to go very set eyes on them in the first instance, thoroughly into this fascinating branch of the The origin of the name" Yosemite" is said to be an game and to treat of side in all its various rami- Indian word, " Ahometae," signifying "Great Grizzly fications. Bear." This was the name of the tribe that formerly As already stated, any player can impart side inhabited the district,and it was the title by which thefor a player to become a cueist of chief of the tribe was known. The Indians themselves a ball, but however, call the valley " Awahnee," which in their ' fair ability, that is to say, able occasionally to language means " chasm 'or" gorge." make a forty or a fifty break, he must be able There are many noteworthy points of interest in the , when necessary, to hit a ball without giving it worldrenowned Yosemite Valley; indeed, they all need- any side at all, or rather very little indeed, for to be seen to be thoroughly appreciated. To begin a ball only travels with absolutely no side when with we have the silver Merced River, which runs hit truly in the centre. The very best profes- , through the very middle of the Valley. This river is sional players, though they can always hit a ball about sixty feet in breadth in the summer, though very near the centre, find but seldom the exact during the winter it often develops into a raging true centre, any point on an imaginary central torrent. En common with almost all the lakes and streams in that region of California,, the Merced is so line from the base to the apex of the ball as the extraordinarily clear that fish swimming in it many feet striker stands facing the ball, being in this , under water are generally distinctly visible. The Bridal instance taken to mean the centre of ball. The Veil Fall is of especial interest to lovers of folk-lore line AB in diagram 1 shows this central line owing to the numerous legends connected with it DIAGRAM 1. What gave rise in the first instance to the majority of these remarkable tales nobody has been able ' A to discover, though plenty have attempted to do so. , One strange point in connection with the . Bridal Veil I Fall is that though it leaps into a precipice over a thou- sand feet deep, its doing so scarcely breaks the awful stillness of the surrounding ravines and mountains, the effect being, in consequence, weird in the extreme. Naturally this incident in particular has many strange tales associated with it ; yet, in reality, it needs no explanation, for the fall is silent simply because the water is converted into spray long before it reaches the pool'and rocks below. Cathedral Spires rise out of the great Cathedral Rock nearly a thousand feet into the air, and form one of the most striking sights in the ' Valley. Beheld from a distance they appear to be ; joined. As a fact they are far apart. These points alone are grand enough, and worth going many hundreds of miles to gaze upon; yet they sink into insignificance beside the immense waterfalls, cascades, and gigantic peaks revealed later. The three peaks known as Three Brothers, for instance—and so named in memory of three sons of a notorious Indian chief, who, with his entire tribe, was captured and put to death in the grassy ravine which lies almost hidden between these mountains—stand out against the sky to the east of El Capitan mountain, and rise almost per- pendicularly to a height of five thousand feet. Indeed, if you will reflect for a moment that the height of St. Paul's Cathedral in only three hundred and sixty-five feet, sand that of the Eiffel Tower one thousand feet, you will have some idea of the impression created by the sight of these terrible perpendicular escarpments. The Great Fall of Yosemite, or rather, the triple fall, for the entire volume of water, after shooting forth into the Valley at its northernmost extremity, makes a sudden leap of nearly three thousand feet in three cataracts. The first of these cataracts is close upon one thousand six hundred feet, and from its base until the next direct descent come a succession of small cascades for about six hundred feet, ending h. a final leap of four hundred feet into the talus below. The scene presented by these waterfalls on a bright moonlight night—and the moonlight of California is very different from the moonlight we are accustomed to over here— no pen has ever been able to portray. Perhaps the site from which the best view of all may be obtained of the valley and its many prominent peaks and waterfalls is Glacier Point, about a mile to the east of Sentinel Rock, and over three thousand feet in height. Persons liable to be attacked by sudden vertigo when looking down from a great height, however, are "forbidden to trespass on this rock," as the authorities quaintly put it; for the sight of the appalling preci- pice yawning immediately beneath has been known to turn the heads even of experienced mountaineers. I remember upon one occasion standing with a friend on the projecting ledge. Noticing that his complexion, usually a bright red,was turning gradually green and that his eyes were bulging more and more out of his head, as he seemed to rivet them upon some invisible speck in the bed of the almost bottomless ravine. I asked him in jest if he felt inclined to throw himself over. "Not precisely that," he replied, after a pause, raising his eyes slowly and looking at me strangely, "but—well, if you must know, I feel horribly inclined to throw you over." I halapened at that moment to remember a pressing engagement, and so left the ledge at once of my own accord.—From an interesting article on "The Wonders of Yosemite," which appears in the "September Windsor Magazine," a fine autumn number containing complete stories by Rudyard Kipling and Anthony Hope, as well as the usual budget of good fiction by other favourite novelists, a valuable list of articles includes "The Control of the Trains" in an important series on "The Ways of our Railways." and a study of the work on the art of the Hon. John Collier with no less than sixteen of his best pictures finely reproduced.

I 5 _ 1 sent a, .sbatt

Weil Sthched Linen keeps starched longer -,doesn't get affected so quickly by the damp—keeps brighter, whiter, glossier and crisper. It needs good starch to starch well. Hard work ironing won't . make up for poor starch, but COLMAN'S STARCH is as good as r ,t„ COLMAN'S siV.l4t; MUSTARD. - €`,L•s c S.H.B.

3itsrtUanous, ea Salt, etc.

P/LTCHWORlC.—Crazywork. 90 velvet pieces. is. 3d. postage free.—DEPT. S., 67 Mill Hill rd., Norwich. TANAPBRY, mixed. for Sale. Bucks. £4oo.—Box 1927, c/o 11 SHARROW t THATCSER.West St.,CriMbridge Cirews.W.C•

CIORSST Attachment reduces stoutness Immensely; genuine results.—P.O. 55., PENN, 66 Falmouth rd., London. S.R.

ri RAMCAR BODIES, on SALE, make excellent ont-houses 1 for gardens. &c.—L. JAGGER. Jackson st., London rd., Manchester.

110 Shopkeepers whD have not yet ordered their Calendars _L for Xtuas, write for List.—PubussEa, 261, Church rd., lAyton, B.

• 44 A„rATRIMONIAL POST.' sealed sd. with eircular 9d.; Ili distance Immaterial.—EDlTOß. 10, Trafalgar Build- ings, London, W C. VOA SALB, a stack prime, well-harve.ted RYBGRASS .1: and CLOVIIR, about 16 tons, 1903.—Apply TREVOR ARMS, Marford, Wrexham.

CHURCH.—Cbew Altar Cloths, Hangings, Communion Plate. Brasses. Fonts, Pulpits. Stalls.—Hurros, 60, Chancery lane. London.

riIYPBWRITING} from MANUSCRIPT, shorthand, J. neatly and quickly executed ; charges moderate.—H RENSHAW. 20. Park rd.. Widnes. WARNING.—Orders executed in rotation. Send Is. Id. for sample bye Uniform Cigars ; box of 50, 55.—THE UNIFORM CO., 3', Cock lane, B.C.

4QTRA.ND,' first 17 vols. ; 'Pearson.' 7; 4 Windsor,' 5 13 (bound). What offers P—Box 2062, WEBB, 333, High it. North. Manor Park. London.

-DOOM—Gents Best Box Cali Balmoral.. worth 10s. 11d. I) Wear guaranteed. Sample Pair, carriage paid, Bs. 6d. —TARE. Boot Factor. Laindon Station. Bssex.

SMOKB GRADY'S DRFRSDER TOBACCO" It does not burn the tongue." Sold everywhere in packets with coupon Wholesale.—GAADY. King at., Wigan.

QUITINGEL 25. to 65. 6ci. ; Trouserings, ls. 3d. ta 35. 6d. Co tume Cloths, 15. 3d. to 45. 6d. per yard. Any length cut; patterns free.—WRIGHT & Co., Old Hill, Staffs.

f ARGB assortment of new and Second-hand Leather Suit JL4 Cases, Cabin Trunks, Portmanteaus, and Bags to be sold cheap.—WENTER, 107 Charing Cross rd., London.

GENTLICHIIN that appreciate good information, send is. for proof wire. Hbor Handicap extra. Wires ICs. weekly ; 2e. 6d. daily.—fte.i.E. l9. Soho et., Liverpool.

B-DUST Developed.—Lady will send, for Is. postal, perm:trip- -LP tion of remedy which enlarged bust six inches ; harm- less inexpensiva.—Miss W BDGAR 18 Ronadhav st..Leeris.

1.4 135031 DOWNS—Freehold Land,2olt. by 110 ft.; posses- on payment of £1 deposit; balance 14 half-yearly ins alments of £l.—Particulars.W W. BROUGHTON,NEWDIGATE.

S. FOR 10,000 HANDBILLS (Dewy 8 vo). Weil printed e../ Customer write. " your handbills are wonderful value" send for specimens.—B. WHITWORTH HOED, LTD., Adver- tising Specialists, Norwich.

NO MORE BROKEN MANTLES.—Crossley's Incan- descent Metal Mantles (Platinum), practically un- breakable. 70-candle-power; 6d. post free.—ANGLO-FOREIGN TRADING CO., 9 Bedcross it, Liverpool.

QPROIAL ADVERTISING OFFER. Your advt. placed kJ in 50 good provincial papers (2 lines) fcr 2s. 9d. 3 weeks ss. 9d.; or 4 lines one week ss. 6d.. 3 weeks Us. 6d. List of papers post free.—B. WHITWoRTH ffIRD, LTD., Advertise fog Specialists, Norwich.

Li KT FUN and big money selling Magic Billbooks. A. k../4 nobby. mysterious wallet. Pays agents big; every- body wild for one. Send 6d. for shilling samp'e and terms —P. HVGIIITS. 105, Michael's at,. Shrewsbury.

L Dd oßwlla Lp and I. Dia ashes eMa AFTehp cRi n 1 LBSo.a Dr onrgs satnut top re aam, W n Spare; Firewood 9d. per sack; Potato Boxes; Dahlia Sticks.— Apply HARRY FAIRCLOUGH, Howley, Warrington.

IVBTTING. bIICTTIBIG. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Net., II Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every descrlption.Tnomie JonnsoN's. Net Warehouse Corporrtion-street. Manchester.

A RMY BLUCHERS, Army Blushers, 4,000 pairs of new LI sewn Bluchers, very best leather soles. Will send 1 pair, any size, post free for 5.. 6d. Cash returned if not approved of.—H. J. GAssoN, Government Contractor, Rye. T START you in a genteel. good-paying business for Is.; I work done at borne; no hawking or canvassing. This is genuine aud now is your chance, send P.O. te-day and commence at nnce.—W. J. 13.11,3f0x, 33, Cantsfield st. L'pool.

CONSHlLVATORlES,greenhouses,frarnes, 21 oz greenhouse glass, studios, sheds,&c. Intending purchasers can ob- tain the best for quality, designs. and cheapness from E. HODSON, Manufacturer, Tyldesley. List and estimates free. State wants.

GUN. DOUBLIi BRNECHLOADER, 12 bore, centra fire, steel barrels, (left cboke) top lever, rebounding hammer.. good killer. scarcely soiled. A. bargain 475. 6d. Approval willingly. Tnoms9 CAUeITON, 11, Cross St, Westfields, Barnes, Surrey.

ADYS-MAID must sell two (18-carat) Gold cased Orient ii Diamond Rings, 3s. 6d. the two ; long Gold-cased Watch Chain. 2s. 6d. ; massive Curb Padlock Gold-cased Bracelet, 2e. 6d. Approval GoSSE. 11 Montague Road, Haling, W. GENUINE BARGAIN.-455. Dinner Cruet for i:,s,carriage paid ; electra silver plated on nickel silver ; six cut- glass bottles—two vinegar, two pickle, one pepper, one, mustard, with gilt bowl spoon complete. Make a superb present.—J. F. HEADFORD. 48 Zettand rd, Bristol.

fr 66 LEO ree magic ;in like 11?!iirlke Pumice StonetiGPr'n%msei.Stains,om hands like tcSand, it leaves the skins mooth, white, and delicately perfumed.— Write to-day and send three stamps for a 6d. box from Savo Co., 122, Green lanes, Stoke Newington N., London. _ 0111 NA AND BARTHIIINWA.RH. Cheapest in the trade k.,) Seconds crates from £2. Every assortrnerit. China, Gilt Seconds is. dozen. Hawkers, Marketmen and Shop- keepers should write at once for free Price List.—NORMACOT ,61iT PorrERY, Dept 14, Normacot Works. Longton, Staffs

I) ABY'S Art Cane Maßeam artistic design ; converts 3 positions ; beautifully upholstered; hood, 4 bicycle wheels, folding shaft. hammock, stran sprincs ; West-end built ; quite new ; cost 90s. ; sacrifice. 33r• ; approval before payment ; photo sent.—WATTS, 93 Brooks Road, Stoke New- ington, London.

188 801 D.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works, lately used by the Lanrashire Mailure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lani, with siding to the railway. Suicable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. ROWING}, 16 Fenwiok-street, Liverpool.

oox I You have all helped to p‘v for them before.— Tile Guards' Military Knee Boots, smart appearance. 7s. 6d. per pair ; Naval Knee Boots, very strong, 6s. 6cl. per pair ; Bluchers, Ss. 6d. per pair ; any SiZ; carriage paid. Lash returned if not anproved of.—HENRY J. GASSON Government Contractor. Rye.

TOCILA.--The hest quality Costume and Suiting Flannel ; Unsheinkable;fast olours, hard wearing, straight fro /I mill at a very great saving. Costume length (10 yards) 15s; Gentlemen's suit length, 10s. 61. The proper thing for holiday wear. Patterns free on request. —H. N. ftsonEs, Heathfield Mill, Uppermill, near Oldham. - — -- BoYS' SERGE KNICKERS . ANY COLOUR Ages 3to 6 7to 10 11 to 14. years Plain Knee is. Is. 3d. Is. Rd. Elastic Knee is. 3d. is. 6d. )a. 91. Carriage Id. Extra on Each Parcel. State waist and inside leg measurements.—ELme, Clothier, Newcastle Place. Braroley, Leeds.

THR CO-OPBRATIVB BXCHANGH.—Stocks and Shares bought on 20 per cent. deposit for fortnighly or three- monthly settlements, a method which recommends itself alike to small or large capitalists, utilising cash otherwise lying idle. Advances made on quoted securities at low rates. Options granted. Nat prices, no commission. Speculative business arranged on 1 per cent. cover.—Note address and write for full particulars, 41 FINSBURY PAYE- MEN?, London, B.C.

E 0 be ?Let.

25, CATHERINE STREET, 6 Rooms 4s. 3d. per week. PENEBTH.—GOOD HOUSES IVITH GARDENS, 3s. 9,1. per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. WAHRINGTON.—Large SHOT, in principal positions in main streets, Rents £2OO. £1.50. £lO3 and £93 a year IVY LODGIC.FROGHALL LANE rent £45 a year on fease. Apply ItOBENT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War- rington. Telepbone—No 55.

TO LET, Good Dwelling-bouse, .IS, Parker street—Apply 1 Woons & SON, Solicitors, Warrington,

riio LET.—HOUSE :5 Woreley Street. Folly Lane. Nies I_ locality. Rent ss. 2d.—Apply Miss C. HACZETT, 67, Winwick Bond, Warrington. QOUTH PORT. —MODRRN HOUSE TO LET, rent gjg Batb, w.e. two entertaining, four bedrooms ; near station ; town.—HARLAND, 55. Arbour St.

T. ANNES.—To be Let, SHOP arcl HOUSE, suittble for any butinese; busy thoroughfare ; rent reduced, Grtnd House and all Conveniencee.—Apply, 7, WILL-BAN, St. Annes-cn-Sea.

Itottls, tegros, Maarl4'l4 COtabo. VILLARNEY . HOTEL METROPOLE.—High Class J.l Temperance. Magnificent scenery. Terms moderate.

--- QOUTHPORT.—WesIeyan BOARDING HOUSE. 9.Promen ade ; superiot rooms ; sea view ; board from ss. ; bath pIanos.—CHAMPNESS. LLSWATER.—PATTIinuALE HOT EL. Ullswater. Pen rith ; stands in its own grounds; facing lake; terms moderate.—Misses HUDSON, Proprietresses.

if ILLA R N Y. —S PI LLA N B'S HOTEL, High at., clean comfort‘ble ; be. per day ; every attention given Excursions arranged. Well patronised by Lancashire people

(IHICSTER.—WHITB BEAR HOTEL and concert room, lJ Lower Bridge St, best accommodation for visitors. Parties catered for ; good beds and livery stables.— E, SMITH, proprietor.

Q HIP HOTEL. Talsarnau, Merioneth, R.S.O. —Comfortable APARIMEN rS ; board and lodgings ; 31 miles from Harleth ; golf links, good road, and mountain scenery; highly commended.—). LLOYD. AMSBY.—PRINCE OF WALES HOTEL, facing sea,five minutes from boat, train or electric tram; family and commercial; boarders from 7s. 6d. per day.—Wires, Doe, Ramsey, Man. A. C. DoE, %tanager.

BLACKPOOL.—CRE3CENT PRIVATE HOTEL, The Park, facing lea. Table d'Hote 6 p.m. (small tables). Excellent cuisine. Tel. 117. Telegrams—" Crescent, Black- pool."—Apply Miss WILSON. Manageress.

DOUGLA9.—CHALMER'S YORK BOARDING RSTAB- LISHMENT, central for all amusements ; first-class table; home comforts,terms strictly moderate; special terms for parties.-5. Castle terrace, Promenade, Douglas. 1.0. M.

I VIURCH STRETTON.—HoImwood Boarding House and kJ APARTMENTS. High-class ; good Tennis Court; standing in own grounds; close to noted Golf Links. Tariff, —Apply Mrs. HARRIS, Holmwoorl, Church Stretton. Salop. LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 10 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, CUSTON SQUARE. HONE COM.ORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ABER VSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most comfortable Family Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 2f guineas per week, or 91. per day. according to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from ss. lable d'Hote at 6.3; o'clock For TARIFFS Ac., apply to W. H. PALMER, PROPRIETOR.

itpartmentsclfurntobeti f?Oufgs etc.

mORRCAMBE.—APARTMENTS. Boarding terms 2.5'. per week.-47, ALEXANDRA RD. CIOLWYN BAY.---Oomfortable APARTAIHNTS ; terms moderste.—MAESFLN, Belara.Ve rd.

CIOSFORTH.—Country APAILTM WITS to be Let; terms moderate.—Mrs. TYSON, Denton Lodge, Gosfortb, near Seascale. DEMIABNMAWI2.-7HOMILY ii.PARTMBISITS close to I sea and station ; terms moderate.—Mrs. WILLuxB, 13. David it.

A PARTMENTS TO LET, facing Bea; lovely beach ;safe 11. bathing; Rear mountain; winter terms.—Mrs. JoNEB, Beach Villa, Silcroft. DAMSEY, 1.0.31.—M1N-Y-DON.—Health and holiday It resort; reasonable terms ; vegetarians catered fir.— Apply Mrs. STRwaRT.

A 1.. RS BAWDEN. Montana, 21, Belgrave rd., Torquay.— Comfortable APARTMIINTS near town, sea, gardens, and station. Moderate. MORBSTATYN. Comfortable APARTMBNTS, splendid I situation; sea and mountaia view ; terms moderate.— Lawn, Northop Viila.

QT. ANNBS-ON-THR-HEA.—Mrs. Lout), 72, bt. Andrew's rd., Soath ; Public and Pricate APARTMENTS; highly recommended.

DRBSTATYN. Comfortable APARTfiIENTS. splendid 1. situation; sea and mountain view : terms moderate.— Wrial..tata. 1, Nortbop Villa.

BLACKPOOL.—APABTMENTi close to sea, stations. amusements ; beds s.for two; board 4s. 6d. day eacu.— PALMER, 93, Albert rd.

BANGOB, WALBS.—Apartments, board optional; cyclists' accommodation; central; moderate.--Mrs. BVINS, Old London House.

T[o LET pleasant FURNISHED APARTMENTS. near 1_ station; tram route, no ' children.—Mrs, WHALLEY, 61, Tithebairne Ed., Southport.

r OftliCAM BE. Comfortable APARTMUNIS,N. C. LANG- eTRETHe, 63, Albert Road, near West end Pier. Beds 28. two persons, Bath, Piano.

ST.- ANNES- ON-THE-SE A.—Comfortable and bornely APARTMENTS. Moderate terms two minutes from Sea .--A LLANDALE, Cart Men rd. T LANDUDNO JUNCTION, near Conway.—Comfortable _IJ APARTMENTS ; eacPlient view ; terms strictly moderate.—Mrs. erycsar, 4. Rooeevelt Terrace.

DRIGHTON.-LADY'S HODS% FURNISHED. ercellent position, £2 ; shops and villas. £26 to £9S.—YouNG HOLDECH. AND SADLER, Auctioneers. Brighton.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. FOGG Glasson House,Foxhall Square. Homely, Comfortable APARTMENTS, ls. per day. Close to Sea. Private Apartments.

pis. JACKSON (from Burnley-lane), 19. ALBEIT En., .111 Blackpool. Excellent APARTAIHNT3, public and private. Piano. Near Central Station.

A BERYSTWYT —Furn jibed APARTMEN t's, three /A. minutes' walk from sea; terms moderate. —Apply Mrs. HUMPERET9, 2. Chalybeate it., Aberystwyth. -IDBGANWY, near Llandudno.—Apartments; good cook- ing ; terms moderate ; bath. b.c. ; grand views of sea' river and mouatains.—Mrs. SWETNAM, Mona ouse.

-DLACKPOO Comfortable APARTMENTS ; three minutes walk from Central Station and sea. Near all amusements. Piano.—Mrs. T GIBSON. 39, Chapel at. - T ARE DISTRICT.—Good APARTMENTS or full hoard IA Li it. per week. Overlooking Bassenthwaite Lake. Boating and Fishing. Splendid scenery. Three minutes om station.—FlSHEß, Bassenthwalte Lake, n,ar Keswick

tIENTRAL WALES SPAS.—If you require APARTMENTS et any ot the Spas in Central Wales advertise in the " Radnorshire Standard,- published at Llandrindod Wells, Circulates in Llandrlndod, Bullth,and Llangammarch W€lls.

y OHEIDAMBH.— STRAW'S Royalty RHS I'AURANT, -Ml_ Opposite General P.O. Oldest established Caterers !a Morecambe. Large mid small parties c%tered for. satisfac- tion guaranteed. Moderate prives. Cyclist ac2ommodation Hotdinners every day. Apartments NATEST KIRBY, CHICSHIRR —Bachelor, with nicely- !' situated House, excellent cooking and attendance, offers BOARD-RBsIDENCR to a Gentleman close to Promenade ; boating, bathing, fishinv, golt. —For terms, itc., STRATPNIORE, Hoscote Park, West Kirby.

Otorko, Buotittoto. mt.

FOR SALE, Good SWEts2 aid TOFt,tl;ti 131JSINts,s6 ; best position in Barrow.—T. PENRosE, 12'. Carndishe st., Barrow-in-Furness.

( )NLY £B5 Old-establiebed Dining-rooms ; main road to Belle Vue Gardens ; gowl dinner trade ; surrounded bY works: club room, piano, beds.-188, LoNDON RD.. Manches•er.

QTA 'HONER (first-class), principal thoroughfare. good con- k.) nection ; present hands 18 years ; no goodwilt asked ; retiring from business ; rent £4B : stock at valuation about £6OO.—T. CARNLLL, 130, Oxton rd.. Birkenhead.

UGRIDIONT CHESHIRE. High ORBS SWHHT 1.4 MINHEALS an ICH CRHANI BIjnINESS for Sale as a going concern. Established over 7 years. well fitted up and good stock. Fixtures and Stock at Valuation. Retiring from Bush_ ese.—WRIGHT, 81, King St, Egrernont, Cheenir,

MO PR SOLD, tbe Tenant's interest in that aplendid Milk and Dairy Farm, namely, the LOWHRFOLD FARM, Heyslde, near Oldham ; about 38 acres, all grass. in the best of heart, with good retail milk round in the town, delivery twice a day ; stock and fixtures at valuation ; plendid opportunity.--kpply AT THg VARM.

oOM and SHOBS.—An up-to-date Business for tale; 40 1.1 years established, in a well-patronised seaside town ; owner retiring. Handsome doable-fronted ; takings £1,60, average 35 per cent, accountant's certificate ;15 rooms ; 0 let off ; good repair. Rent on lease. £175. or freehold, £3,500 ; price for goodwill. £lOO ; stock and fixtures, about £5OO valuation. H. 8., 44, Albany rd.. fired Yarmouth.

To MINIMAL WA.THR and ALB and rognot MANU- -1 FACTURBRS.—To Wind up an }state.—or Sale, the old-establisbed BUSINB4S known as the Bootle Ale and Mineral Water Company. as a going concern. with com- modious premises and up-to-date machinery ; mint be sold, and no reasonable offer refused.—Further particulars apply H. PENNINGTON, 148, Hawthorne rd., BoAle.

Aliebtral. 'Death to Pain.' 21. 9d. ; sample sent 3 VY stamps.-13, GRANGE BD, Small Heath, Birmingham. VIRILITY in women ; its causes and curative treatment CI By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. New Bdition just published,post free 3s.Bd.—SHELLET ct CO. LTD.,3S, Gracechurch st.. London.

TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION ON WEDNESDAY THE 14TR DAY OF SEPTEMBER, 1904, BY lAESSRS. THOMAS SUTTON AND ImONS AT THE BLUE BELL INN. HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, at 4.30 p.m. precisely subject to the Public Sale Conditions of the Liverpool Law Society and to 'medal conditions to be then and there produced. LOT I.—LEASEHOLD MESSUAGE OR COTTAGE No. 11, Garden Row, CoAchedge, Warrington in the occupation of Thomas/Green at the yearly rental of £7 His. held for the residue of a term of 1,000 years from the Bth day of September 1824, No ground rent. LOT 2.—TWO LEASEHOLD MESSUAGES OR COT- TAGES at the corner of Crossley street, and Brick street Warrington Lo. 37 and 39 Brick street in the occupation of Mes.rs.Boyle and Hands respectively at gross yearly rentals amounting to £4O 66. held for reslaue of a term of 2,000 years from let October 1770 subject to a ground rent of 6e. For further particulars apply to the auctioneers at their offices. Legh street, War, ington or to the Vendor's solicitors JRANS & SON, 25, Winwick street, Warrington.

VALUAB FREK HOLD SHOP PROPERTY IN HORSEMARKEIT STREET, ivARRINGTON. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION sr ATESSRS. THOMAS SUTTON AND SONS AT 11l THE LION HOTEL, BRIDGE STREET, WAR- RINGTON, ON WEDNESDAY THE 218 T. DAY Of' SEPTEMBER. 1904 at 5 o'clock in the afternoon precisely, subject to the conditions of Sale to be then and there produced ALL THAT LARGE AND COMMODIOUS SHOP with the Offices. Warehouses, Store-rooms, Workshops, and premises situate at the corner of dorsemarket street and Lyme street, Warrington, and known as " JUBILEE BUILDINGS." The tenure is freehold, subject to a yearly rent-charge of £75 and to certain covenants and conditions. The property comprises 505 1, square yards or there- abouts snd has a frontage to Horsemarket-street of 55 feet 6 inches and a frontage to Lyme-street of 56 feet 1 inch; 111 feet 7 Inches in all. It occupies one of the most valuable and commanding positions in the town, being very advantageously situated within a few yards of Market Gate and the Public Market, and two or three minutes'walk from the Central Station (Cheshire Lines Railway) and the Electric Car. The premises are New and Substantially built and afford ample accommodation for carrying on an extensive business, or they could readily be subdivided into four or five large shops. There are four storeys and large dry cellars. For further particulars, plans and conditions of sale, and to view apply to the Auctioneers, Legh Street, Warrin eon. to Arthur Bennett. Esq. Chartered Accountant, Market- Gate Chambers, Warrington ; to Messrs. J E. Wright, Garnett & Wright, Surveyors. Warrington or to • MESSRS • DAVIES & FORSHAW, Solicitors, Suez Street, Warrington.

EXTERNAL TREATMENT.--SIMPLE, SAFE CER UM. NO HUMBUG, NO BUNKUM. GUARANTEED THE MOST WONDERfUL SPECI FOR HUMAN SUFFERING EVER PLACED BEFORE THE PUBLIC. VITA-LEO CONQUERS Pain, Sickness, and Suffering. Restores and Preserves Health, Prolongs Life. AN IDEA EMBROCATION FOR ATHLETES. VITA-LEO OINTMENT CURES Ba Legs, Ulcers, Sores, Wounds, Eczema, and other Skin Diseases. Blood Poison. Piles, Fistula, &C. POST FREE : VITA-LEO is. 3d., 11. 9d., and 2s. 9d ; OINTMENT, 7d. and is. Id. Direct from Manufacturers, HASSARD AND CO., 180 GREAT BRITAIN STREET, DUBLIN. Pamphlet on" Disease, Cause, Prevention and Cure" free PLEASE MENTION THIS PAPER.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER 1)R. SCOTT'S PILLS COMPLAINTS, HEADACHE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTION, 1)R. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices ls..lid. mad 2s. 9th

ASK YOUR BAKER FOR "VEDA" BREAD, THE MOST DIGESTIBLE. DELICIOUS AND NUTRITIOUS. EVERY LOAF IN A SEALED WRAPPER. AGENTS J. TOFT AND SON, 98, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

3ICDOWELLS, LIMITED, MASKERY'S COACH WORKS. WARRINGTON AND NORTHW All kinds of CARRIAGES in SGock, or Built to Order. REPAIRS and RENOVATIONS carried out, EXPEDITIOUSLY, ECONOMICALLY, SATISFACTORILY. PATENT NEW CONSTRUCTION BROUG El AM, VERY LIGHT AND STRONG. Every description of MOTOR CAR BODY to order. EITIMATES AND TESTIMONIALS ON APPLICATION. Talephone 409 x, Warrington.

THE EXAMINER. SEPTEMBER 3rd, 1904.

2/6 PER IMPERI AL QUART (BOTTLES INCLUDED.) SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUIRT, 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PRB. BOTTLE, FULTON BROS. wiNH MBROHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

small holdings compulsory instead of permissive, as the Tories have made it, and our land laws will be ordered to suit the needs of the men of this generation. Every man who has eyes to see and ears to hear what is going on around him knows that these reforms are corning, and the agricultural-labourer has wit enough to fightand struggle and vote for them. Joseph's bribe is contemptuously rejected everywhere Norwich, and Mid-Herts, and Market Harborough, and East I)orset, and Devenport, and Oswestry, and all the other bye-elections tell the same old story. The fiscal policy has been offered to the electors in every imaginable guise, but they are not taking any, and if the Tories will only go to the country on this issue we will lick them worse than the Japs ever licked the Russians. What the Tories were doing to let Joseph capture their political organisation and commit them to the policy of taxation of food and prohibitive tariffs I cannot tell. He has torn the Tory party to pieces, and wrought as much mischief in their camp as he wrought among the Liberals when he found that the Grand Old Man would neither die nor resign to make room for him. He has wrecked each party in its turn, and he will wreck his own career at the finish, and there will be "none so poor to do him reverence." Winston Churchill was not far wrong when he prophesiod that Joseph's sun would set in a clouded sky. But as long as he goes about making such mischievous and foolish speeches az the one he made at Walbeck he may do infinite harm to the cause of progress, and he must be rgsisted and opposed to the end of the chapter.

I INSTANT RELIEF. , INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE 1 RAPID CURE. OF 1 OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. 1 GOUT AND RHEUMATISM, Ey BY EADE'S PILLS !I EADE'S PILLS. • A RECORD CURE, AN INFALLIBLE REMEDY ! ! 32, Archer-street, Breakfast Creek, Bayswater, Brisbane Queensland London, W. Dear Sir,—Some 15 years ago I had the misfortune Dear Sir,—Sunday night my big toe pained me, on be attacked with Rheumatic Gout. I tried nearly all Monday it was much worse, and in the evening I could the doctors here, but they did not do me much good. I scarcely walk. At 6 p.m. I sent for a bottle of your saw your advertisement and obtained some of your Gout Pills, and took two at once. At 9.30 I was much pills, and I can assure you quickly got relief. When I relieved, and could eat my supper. I took another feel any of the pains coming on, two or three pills gen- before going to bed, and although so hot I got a fair erally take them away. Many of my friends have used night's rest. I have takentwo more pills to-day, and them, and all say they are an infallible remedy. For now, at 6.30, lam alright again. This is a record cure. myself, I say there are none to equal them. Yours truly, I Yours truly PHILIP BRANS. S. L. HOWMAN. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all In- injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. ---- —_ EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

jEwsßußy & BROWN'S (MANCIIESTER) Mineral Waters. 131 APPOINTMENT OF KING EDWARD N

ten steam winches and derricks for working the holds, AN EPOCH-MAKING SHIP, and she is provided with insulating chambers and re- frigerating plant so as to enable her to carry fruit, dairy produce, Stn., from Canada. The First Turbine Atlantic Liner. As already remarked, the Victorian is largely an ex- perimental ship. Turbines have proved a success for small high-speed channel steamers, but whether they will be an equal success for ocean steamers remains to LAUNCH OF THE VICTORIAN. Ibe proved. The trial trip of the Victorian will practic- ally solve this problem, which has been agitating the minds of shipping men for some time pall Whatever the result may be therefore, with the Allan Line rests the honour of leading the way with an important economical venture, and with Messrs. Workman, Clark & Co., that of conducting a new departure in ship- building and engineering science, which may mark an important epnch in both departments. The Victorian, when ready, will take her place on the Allan Canadian Mail and Passenger Service from Liver- pool, to be followed by her sister steamer Virginian. now building on the Clyde. These steamers, with the l3arvarian and Tunisian, will land to land, provide a service which by reason of the shorter mileage of the route will compare in length of voyage favourably with the swiftest of the other Atlantic Mail Services, and as much of the voyage is in land, encompassed seas, the Canadian route cannot fail to become increasingly popular with that great section of ocean travellers to whom a short and smooth sea voyage is an attraction. The Victorian, it may be added will be fitted out with 'ell possible despatch.

BENsoNis LoWNATCHLES AND ot: fp FOR LADIES onr. , (ip . _ ‘,.„...-.....„„....„0, (:) iit.... I • ~i-&.74;:z411- , GOLD /--------::-- ; =--,--=--_-_,-----------------,\ '— i 4,1 ',7 -7--'7-...w.t- "s,s''. WATCH ;'' Ili '' ~, 'I. ji :-:.\., ‘‘'k‘, .... c,/ ) : r. _..,- -- 1,_4.,:l ',, CHAIN, 4 i iii At• ,g. 71 ra in case " ~ :01 '3'2 ke. ':: ~ 'Y.,../.,;;:: complete ' C-. 1 '':. fy ~', :F. V.-:.!>4;al-1?-.. \I. / 4:,* \ ..,..:1::::::...'.:'::;-,:':':.:•-: ,z, £lO. ::: ..... ) (a c,- Ladies' Lever Watch in 13-ct. Ladies' Lever Watch in 18-et. i 7.) -a (lold Hunting, or Half Hunting V . Gold Cases, Gilt Dial, ;.'5. Cases, £7. 10i. tc,:l. or op U MANY OTHER DESIGNS .:5 TO ..£5O. to o+ a ; ' 2.1. i 4 . iii...-' • -F g * V. -,..e--., ~,,, :4 Yi.VVIC,' V4' -/- .•-' ) tb ot` i 1 .ai C so ow Brilliants. £1.6. Sapphires, or Rubies. Zb L' and Brilliants. £6. Ruby. or Sapphire cb. and BrilliantA, 22.105. : 1 c.,...1 Can be purchased on "Cl)c Clines" System of MONTHLY PAYrIENTS at the same prices as for Cash. Ili Pr"), 41:11 —., i e 0 -N, Single-stone - -- 1 Brilliant. Rubies, Or Diamond Rings, Brilliant% Pearls, £1 . ss. Sapphires, £2 . 15s. from £2 . ss. £l2. ILLUSTRATED BOOK of Watches. Clocks, Chains, Rings, Brooches, Bracelets, "Imperial" Plate, Cutlery, Bags, Suit Cases, &c. Sent Post Free. J. W. BENSON, Ltd., The Premier Watchmakers, FSatcetaorray : 62 & 649 LUDGATE HILL, LONDON.

aixrtmr. mism. When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing Electril Belts, write tome, and I will send you a Book, which shows how every man, young and old, may be quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOUSNESS. EXHAUSTION, VARICOCELR, and DRBILITY, from any cause whatever, WITHOUT STOMACH MICDICINV, or ELECTRICITY. Hundreds of cures. Book sent sealed,pcst free, for two stamos.—A. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93,Gres,t Russell St., London. W.C. Over seventeen years successful results.

ra p roe, DIS I C user ,\ rpyiE), poimmit Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NI;TRINIENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custard is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO EGOS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

K E AT I N C'S I. POWDER 4173VAtt515•44:41.1.36. v.114-4V.A..5zt:41W3.169111. 44: s .S 7 Vi 'l* BUGS 547."6?•::'" s FLEAS . r \\# mOTH S"' . —r Tins, 3d• 6d.& 1/.

T 0 W..LE 1,..1.111•10611 - I W W • = Jr.. L TO BE 100 OF ALL CHEM/57111Y BOXES /4i.2/9. OR 45;01? SENT ANYWHERE ON RECEIPT 0175.1 f OR .551: STAMPS BY E.TTOWLE C.:65.10NC ROM: NOTT/NCh'AN.; • . • ,„ .

_ Marriages. • , CARTW 11 I GHT—PEM BERTON.—eptemner Ist., at the- Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. A. F. Whiter ,Thomas Cartwright to Emily Pemberton. Deaths. BATE.—August 27th, at 22, Earl street, Warringtoa Frederick Bate, aged ii months. BowDEs.—August 28th, at 7 Navigation street,War" ' ton, John Bowden. aged 80 years. MA ELLE Y.—AU n'llSt 27th, at 69, Orford street,Annie 3,larY Marley, agef4 years.
