===== 0002601_19040319_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
the that who ring-

===== 0002601_19040319_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
corn- who lows goes :akes t to oints has

nttic tries re in ; not

for lich- o the lack,

1)ove have itle- was I an

nee; :o an ed in well Miss 'The at var."

-. H. who Rev. who

ined ;unto iider ,kton trict. 3fore d be

LKE Torkg, same -road, 'ark-et- MAR.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
2463 9 11

ALLAN LINK.-FO CANADA, UNITED STATES. RIVER PLATE. AND INDIA. 11.0•ARIAN SAILING 3 PROM LIVERPOOL. Llvok7. _ Halifax and St. John N.B Mar. 24 8'04.71" Monte Video,and nuenos Ayres Mar. 26 bilauflik: Halifax and Phil Mar. 26 13aRTOR/A,„ . St. loon B.F. and Halifax Mar. 29 00RAN ~ Halifax N. 3 Mar. 31 Cabin RATES—To Canada, Saloon from Ell. Seoondl e 27 161,27 10e.; Third Class £5 IGs. To India, £37 10s.and Por f1;11 tendon- Jartionlars apply to ALLAN'S. 103,Leeentiall Street. and 19. James-street. Liverpool

No 1301

===== 0002601_19040319_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL.

TO CARTERS, FARMERS. AND TEAM OWNERS. pERSONS desirous of TENDERING for CARTING MACADAM and other Materials for the Main Roads, for the year ending March, 1905, can obtain forms of Tender, and narticulars of Material to be carted at the Clunty Surveyor's Office, Chester Castle, on and after Saturday, the 19ch March,tetween 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. and on Saturdays between 10 a.m. & 1 p.m. Tenders to be endorsed Tender for Carting," to bi delivered at the said Office on or before Saturday, the 2nd day of April next. The Main Roads Committee of the County Council do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any Tender. _ _

HARRY F. BULL. County 9urveyor. Chester Castle, /6th Marcb,ll9o4.

NTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN. that the next IN GENERAL QUARTER SE4S:IONB of the Pfiace for the COUNTY OF CHEsTEK will be bed at the ( OURT HOUSE, KNUISFORD, in and for the said County, en TUESDAY, the sth day of April nest, at Eleven o'clock in be Forent 00, when the Grand Jury will be eror wine lled. The hearing of all Appca's Sri ing within the Hun- dreds of Bueklow, Macclesfield and Northwich, forming the Kuutsfcrd Dis7rict, and the trials of all prisoners committed from such Hundreds, will t%ke place at such Sessior s. Th.? Gr,,nd and Petty Juriei for the Knutsford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Knutrford, at t e opening of the C urt on TUEFIDAY, the sth AaY Aoril next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE COURT will te Adjourned to the Castle of Chester, en WEDNESDAY, the 6.h day of April next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hunrireds of Broxton, Eddis- bury, Nantwich. and Wirra,, feTming the Chester Dis- trict, and the trials of all prisnners committed from the last-ment'oned Hinodreda will take place at such adjourned Sts4ions. Tee Grand and Petty Juries for the Chestn astrict must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the 6.h day Of April next, at E even o'clock in the Forenor v. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace tor the County of Chester. Chester, 14th March, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

smiinEurvivy, MARCH 19, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADE ritiNfllNG 0/ every deecription. May be inspected and Estimates obtained at the Office. EXAMINER OFFICE

===== 0002601_19040319_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
qY Yost' x 7% Per Quarter 6s 6d per anntur Is per Quarter credit!

===== 0002601_19040319_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR FIRST-CLABB PRIVAT

DENTISTR Y.

Tic APP3int2lente annoeosaary but may be arranglieL ETD TEETH. Hach patient Infora ad beforeband of work required. TEETH. TEET'II. TEETH. TEETH.

All oonsultatfons tree,

Gold and other fillings at. modinace charges.

An M.D., also Lady Attendants.

Painless Extraction as hitherto by theraid of Nitrous Oxide.

Kokes. to Deutisse of 10.000 gallons weekly.;. lizors. of the late

J. H. PARKINSON

(DisMTIST BY B3Liac.)

MANCHESTER-,__-_46, MOSLEY-STREET

(Telephone MO),

MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. lI3LENR --GEORGIC-STRECT

MONDAI, 9.30-alirn. to 6 pan, SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6—p.m.

WARRINGTON ..........._3A, SANICitY-STRRT7 __

WEDNESDriY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN BRIDGF,STREECT THURSDAY. 2 to 5.

NORTEIWICH- 14, APPLEMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ebutation.

TTNIGHTSVILLB LADIRS COLLBC+I3, Brookley, London. 11 Student required; Examin%tions ; woderate fees.

SBAFIHLD SCHOOL, LYTHAM. Facing the sea. Be- cognised by the Board of Blucation as an efficient school. Principal, Dr. SLATER, M.A., P.R.A.S.

UNIGHTSVILLE LADIES' COLLEGE, BROCKLEIC.— IX. Preparation for Froebel Examinations. Moderate fees.

(JNIVERSITY scROOL, sOUTLIPORT. A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYS.

W. HHNDIIKSOO7, M.A., Principal,

ST. ASAPEI GRAMMAR SCHOOL, N. WALRS. PUBLIC BOARDING SCHOOL. Well equipped. Laboratory, Workshop. Healthy, picturesque situation. Near Cathe- dral. Bracing air. Individual attention. Preparation for university, professional snd commercial exams.—ll. MAINIER, M.A., B.Sc., head master.

VIOLIN .—NEW METHOD BY SEVCIK, tutor of Kuban( and Kooian. For terms apply Mr. T. BOOTHROYD'3 VIOLIN. MANnoLittr, ZITNaR, DANT"), AND GUITAR STUDIO. 9, SUEZ-3VMM WARRINGTON.

(ZOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL Sc RIS B RICK NRW-ROAD. One of the LARGEST PRIVATH SCHOOLS in the North of England. CAPT. J. Cl UNDBRWOOD, A.O P., P.R.G.S.. Head Master.

VAIRHAVEN HIGII SeitOOL FOR GIRLS near St. Annes-on—Sea.Bracimz position,seaside,extensive aooommt cation High-clats Modern fiducatian. Start includes Redden., B.A. Mistress, and nine Certificated Teachers Mame. successes. Principal 'CLEM N.

MR, ERNEST WILKES, A.L.U.M., Professor of Music,Organist and Ohoirmaster of St. Paul's Ch,lroh. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTHR- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupil. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice. —For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LINE Warrington.

LADIES' COLLEGE URMSTON NEAR MANCHESTER, HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. (" Recognised " by Board of Education.) PRINCIPALS : Mrs. E. ELLIDGE, Trained Certificated Teacher, Certified science and At Teacher South Kensing- ton; Miss M. HOLLAND, London Trained Kindge-garten Teacher. Full staff of Resident English and Foreign Mis- tresses, and Visiting Professors. Pu;-,ils prepared for Oxford and Cambridge Local and Music Examinations. FREs MODERATE. PROSPECTUS and REFERENCES ON APPLICATION.

M ANuLLEST tr. GlaA WVINtt SCHOOL.— FEE, £4 41. PER TERM. N.B.—Boys entering over 14 years of age pay £5 53. 03. per term. THE NEXT TRRM BEGINS WEDNESDAY, APRIL 23TH Entrance Examinations. the same day at 9 a.m. Proipectusei, forms of application, &0., may be had at the school. The hoarding house in connected with the school is situated in Higher Broughton.

°WIN W. COX, Receiver.

ROBERT LOW 3. ESTATB AGENT, AUCIIONI3R & VALURR Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STllliliT WARRINGTON. TIMEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GoODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE.

New and S. cond-band Farni tura and other Goois constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Ins pectiou Invited Purnittn e, ttc.. warehouse

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. HARGRAVBS' CIGARS ) YEARS. HARGRAVES' CIGARETTES.

IiESTAB.

MANUFACTORY: SWAN-3.ERIHT. MAN

'HESTAR.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT.

BASS'S MILD AND BITTER Amin ALLSOPP'S MILD *.ID BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from

B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGP CLASS MINIMAL WATRILS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORRS. 0W1417 STRRIIT.I

TRH RMPIRS

===== 0002601_19040319_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EMPIRE .

THE THE EMPIRE FURNISHING CO., EMPIRE THE THH EMPIRE 300 AND 302, EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE STOCKPORT ROAD. EMPIRE THEm, C—on - M.. MANCHESTER, Business THE "n EMP hours : 9a.rn: to S p.m. ; Saturday 10 EMPIRE THR p.m.; Wednesday 1 p.m. THE EMPIRE Why envy your neighbour's home? EMPIRE THrEm, We will make your home 'cosy enough THE EMPIRE with WELL-MADE FURNITURE EMPIRE THE on our THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE EASY PAYMENT SYSTEM THE EMPIRE at strictly CASH PRICES, which is the EMPIRE THE reason of our THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE GREAT SUCCESS. THE

EMPIRR Intendinc Purchasers wauld do well to EMPIRE THfC INspErcr OUR STOCK AND THE :MPIRE EMPIRE THE JUDUE FOR THEMSELVES. THE ,mpIRT3 General terms, which can be altered. EMPIRE Terms:

THE THE EMPIRE Worth. Monthly EMPIRE THE £lO lea, rtiE EMPIRE £l5 l4s. EMPIRE THE £2O l6s. THE EMPIRE £3O 233, EMPIRE THE £5O 303. THE EMPIRE Or weekly payments in EMPIRE THE proportion. THE EMPIRE No security and only small deposit. EMPIRE THE Transactions private. Goods sent free. THE EMPIRE Catalogues sent post free. Cars pass EMPIRE THE the door, and the conductor will set you THE EMPIRE down "by request " at EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE, aHE EMPIRE EMPIRE Corner of Milton Street. THR lt THE .

R lye pay return railway fare to each BMPIRR THR purchases from districts whet a; this THR EMPIRIC (paper is circulated.) BMPIRR

COAL NIERUHANTS' TICK 1, Billheads, Memorandums, &o. EXAMINER OFFICE,

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
THE EM PI RE

===== 0002601_19040319_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
BRIGHTENING THE LIVES OF WORKHOUSE INMATES.

The Work of the Brabazon Employment Society.

To give our readers some idea of the excellent work which is being accomplished by the Warrington branch of the Brabazon Employment Society in brightening the lives of inmates of the Workhouse hospital, we print in full the report submitted by the hon. secretary Miss Broadbent, at the annual sale of work held last Thursday week : I have to report an interrupted year of work, as for three months we were unable to visit at the Workhouse owing to sickness. This is very unfortunate as we were anxious to make a special effort this year and do some- thing more to justify our existence. We have already sent several men to Southport for change of air andas our funds were limited, we all felt that consumptive cases should come first, and especially those amongst soldiers. We only send people who are likely to derive real benefit from the change, and= this point of course we follow the doct2r's advice. I must really mention the great kindness of Dr. Hatton of Southport, who helped to make arrangements for us at the Convalescent home, and was very good indeed to the men while they were there. He even gave them pocket money, and in one case an overcoat. There is another branch of our work that we want very muck to develop. When people have done Brabazon work for us and have behaved well while in hospital, we like to give them a little similar work to de at home, and to pay them for doing it in order to help them over the first i few days. When they leave hospital feeling weak after a long illness, with perhaps not a penny in their pockets or a friend in the neighbourhood, it is,of course.difficult for them to make a fresh start in life. We are allowed to bring invalid soldiers in the town within the scope of the Brabazen Society, and I have a small separate grant from the ever-generous Countess of Meath, to buy materials for them. One man very soon learnt how to do bent iron work. We sold a little for him at our last sale, but he is now able to dispose of it himself. Another man we helped for a few weeks and he made a large Smyrna rug. He then became stranger and got regular work and is now doing well. I may mention that I had several most grateful letters from him and two beautiful ostrich feathers from South Africa. Another man made the wooden boxes which you will see. He is too delicate to work out-of-doors, and I have tried in vain to get work for him. He has a pension of a shilling a day, but that is not very much on which to keep himself, his wife and children. I shall be most glad to receive orders for him. Colonel Richardson and the Colonel of the soldier's late regiment most kindly gave me some money for him, to help him through the few weeks till his pension was due. We have received much sympathy from Mrs. Awbery, the new matron, and from Miss Biggin, the superintendent, and many valuable hints about the different patients. rhey are warmly in favour of the work, as indeed every one must be who sees how it cheers and interests the people, often im- proving their health,by giving them something pleasanter to think about than their own troubles and ailments. There is no need to thank my Brabazon workers, they know how grateful I am to them. They are as follows: —Mrs. Adams, Miss Birtles, Miss Bolton, Mrs. Ford, Mrs. Frost, Miss Gandy,Miss Henshall,Miss Fairclough, Miss Johnson, Miss Randall, Miss Roberts,lVliss Wright. Miss Roberts and Miss Johnson still manage the library excellently. They are anxious to have more books and were much disappointed not to receive more responses to the appeal they lately put in the papers. The sale, which was opened by Mrs. Edelsten, a pioneer of the movement in Warrington, realized £23 •

===== 0002601_19040319_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW DRAUGHTS EFFECT THE OVEN.

What oven could do its work if for a few moments an icy blast were blowing upon it, the next few a wave of heat, the next a cloud of steam, and so on ? Every woman knows that it would spoil anything put into it. Yet scores of women, and men too, expect the delicate organs of the human body to do unaided, what cost-iron can't do. Digestion, like an oven, needs a steady heat— a heat of about 100 degrees. The liver needs to be at nearly the same heat. Yet wdmen run from a hot kitchen to hang clothes on the line outside; go from before a hot fire in a warm room to make the beds and sweep a cold attic, and then wonder how they have caught a chill and why they have indigestion. To know how these ailments are contracted is not so important as to know that Chas. Forde's bile beans cure them, however they may have been contracted. Mrs. Annie Light, of Court Five, Catharine-street, Aston, says :—"My daughter, Alice Maud, got wet and caught a chill. This reduced her to a weak, helpless state. Her appetite fell off, she was always cold, and seemed altogether 'run down.' We gave her a course of bile beans, and they seemed to tone her up wonderfully. In a short time all traces of her illness left her, and she is now quite well. Indeed, she is in better health now than she has been for a long time." From Roscrea, Ireland, comes a similar tribute to bile beans. Mr. Patrick Maher says:—" While working in a bog I got my feet wet, got a thorough chill, and was laid up for some time. My whole system seemed disordered, and I began to suffer the pains of rheumatism. For four months 'was in bed, and for several weeks I could not bear the bed-clothes to touch my feet or legs, they were so painful. I took doctors' medicines until I *as sick of them. When I tried bile beans I soon felt a difference. By persevering with them I was eventually quite cured, and I have kept well and hearty since." March is the month which tries the system more than any other. Warm days, followed by biting east winds, find out the weak places. Bile beans not only strengthen those weak places but clear the system from disease which has entered thereby, as the above cases show Obtainable from medicine vendors everywhere.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

FRIENDLY MATCH.

LATCHFORD ATHLETIC V. RICHNIOND'S.—PIayed at Latchford in fine weather. From the outset Latchford pressed, and scored five goals in quick succession through H. Shakeshaft (2), Bradshaw (2), and Taylor (1). Richmond's scored from a penalty, and half time arrived with the score :—Latchford. 5 ; Richmond's, 1. On resuming, Richmond's attacked strongly, but the fine defence of T. Dawson and N. Clarke, and the goal- keeper prevented further scoring. Result : Latchford Athletic, 5; Richmond's, 1.

PASSIVE RESISTANCE SALE AT RUNCORN. A sale of passive resisters' goods took place at Runcorn on Monday. Distress warrants had been issued against eleven persons, including the Rev.T. S. Morris, Presbyterian minister; the Rev. H. Targett, Primitive Methodist minister; Mr. R. H. Posnett, ex-chairman of Runcorn District Council; and Mr. J. R Frith,manager of Runcorn Gas Company. The total amount required, including costs, was £lO 25., and for this amount the goods were all bought in.

FAILURES IN ENGLAND AND WALES.—According to "Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the total nu o6er of failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, March 11th, was 189, viz. :—New Bank- ruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 100; deeds of arrangement registered, 89. The res- pective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were : Bankruptcies, 92 ; deeds of arrangement, 81— total 173; being a net increase in bankruptcies of 64, and a net increase in deeds of arrangement-in 1904, to date, of 122.

• = - • f...t _ ' ff, _-_7l, r-4 - ' ~ •; 't• - ' r ; . . y ------ --'---- --"-- 7,4.40, - _ .. - ~ .r,-, F.T, -,,, - • .. - '.. -r; *Y.'. 1 ~k,eff,':•-•,`Z .•-• OfEs TriS9_,Z

===== 0002601_19040319_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
AL:ffs NieDOUGALL'S Paterit SELF-RAISING FLOUR THVIET The Examiner Saturday, March 19 1904.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
I FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.;

The modes were never in all the annals oi fashion as accommodating as they now are for there is such infinite variety in the freshest toilettes and newest hats that every woman must find something which will suit her figure, taste, and purse. There are, indeed, no hard and fast rules to restrict all efforts at origin- ality but each and all may dress as they like while, of course, avoiding any display of any tendency towards exaggeration. Our skirts may vary in length and style to suit the requirements of the wearer and thus the slender woman may appear successfully gowned in a skirt of the early Victorian era, not too long and standing well out from the feet, its roundness of outline emphasised by circular trimmings in the form of tucks or bands which run round the lower part from the knee downwards. This is not, however, a mode suited to the figure of a stout woman, whose outline it too clearly defines, and she should select instead the full flowing skirt which falls in gathers from the waist and flows softly round the feet in graceful folds adding height and distinction to the wearer. This

ti o tit o k•N wit rilWt .1%, gi if ill i 11111 . I I f .

===== 0002601_19040319_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEAT TOILETT34

course is 'a mode which is likewise becoming to the tall slim woman, who can indeed adopt almost any style although exactly the reverse ts the case with those whom Nature has rather liberally endowed with flesh. A simple, but very neat walking costume is iepicted in my sketch. The material used is a brown smooth-surfaced cloth and the cape s trimmed with sable although there are 3everal other less expensive furs which might be substituted to lessen the expense. How- an old fur cape or necklet might be used, the best parts being cut into bands forming the edging to the cape. It requires some experience and great care to join the fur neat- • and nowadays one can buy very good .mitations of good furs at such reasonable prices that the trouble of using up an old skin .s barely repaid. The skirt springs well out from the feet and is cut to clear the ground by a few inches all round, and the blouse bodice aid sleeves are of the latest mode and most becoming to the slender figure of the ur=rer. The narrow shaped toque of brown

•-•11re-',,, _ ~. . - • ). iffV, 1000.... A. 1111‘ 1 I t i,6,41 In _. ••,.,,.,':.i, 41,11' , g

A SMART BLOUSBJ

•velvet- and cloth is swathed round • with a loose gauze veil which is tied at the back, and the ends brought round to the front and tied in a soft knot under the chin. With the veil worn down this would make a very smart motoring dress. There are some very smart soft leather belts worn which make a nice finishing touch to a toilette of this kind and fit the waist closely in a truly admirable manner. •

_ The smart blouse given in my illustration is -made of navy blue taffetas trimmed with bands of black velvet bordered with very narrow gold braid finished by gold buttons at the pointed ends of the strappings and down the centre of the front panel. The design is a very simple one and yet exceedingly modish, and the blouse was worn with a skirt of soft blue cloth of the same shade, so that the toilette formed a harmonious scheme of colouring. Fashion most decidedly insists that when feasible the bodice and skirt shall match as nearly as possible, and that the vivid contrasts of a couple of seasons ago shall be considered demode. The only ex-

mit

w_ ~, \ f:r-- -----1 , . I‘. • 11*". . , .--;\ -, '' \ 1 ii 0 2

===== 0002601_19040319_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
A MOOISH TOILETTE.

ception is made in regard to a white (or cream coloured) blouse, and it can hardly be called de rigueur, and should in some detail or other echo, as it were, the skirt worn with it. In this way a white blouse worn with a black skirt can have some narrow bebe ribbon interthreaded through the embroidery or lace with which it is trimmed. In many ways this uniformity of colouring can be maintained and I once more offer what I consider a most valuable suggestion for the benefit of those with a very limited dress allowance who seek to follow the fashions as closely as their means permit. Namely, to select what they con- sider the most becoming colour to themselves and the best suited to their circumstances in life and have both blouses, skirts, and hats of the same colour though the shades may vary. Sometimes a couple of colours can be worked together and blue and green or black and violet are perhaps the most successful. It is wonderful what good results can be achieved if the tones are carefully selected. The modish toilette whose charms are displayed in my last sketch would look nice expressed in a light tan coloured cloth with the front of white suede or undressed leather fastened with gold or ornamentlal buttons. A good cloth of the style which closely resembles suede could he substituted if preferred, while the cape is trimmed with twists and tassels of light brown and gold. The toque is of cream cloth bordered with fur, a lace veil smoothed over the oloth fall. ing in a cache-peigne at the back.

COQUETTE.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WIN A WIFE.

BY THOMAS SAUNDERS.]

Geoffrey Falconer and Maude Stuart were sitting out a dance at Lady Allday's first ball of the season.

They were not enscOnced in the orthodox conservatory where the broad, leaved palm cast shadows in which they were bid ' • or where the fragrance of oriental blcs-oms caused love to bubble up into their hearts unb' dden.

No; they had wandered along the corridors of the huge mansion which Lady Allday called home, and un- conscioudy found themselves in a secluded corner where no one else would dream of coming. It was a corner, too, which Lady Allday would have strictly forbidden them to enter had she known of their whereabouts. for she had screened it off, :and now re- posed in it,all the different make-ups she used when herself tab ing part in amateur theatricals. "Maude," said Geoffrey, "how is it you always begin to stop me when I begin to talk of our future prospects. You know I love you, for I have told you many a time; and people look upon our engagement as a settled thing. Yet we both know that there is no engagement at all be wean us. How is it, Maude ?"

Such a sceech betrayed the fact that these two young people were on very intimate terms ; and, indeed, as Geoffrey had said, people looked upon them as actually engaged. "Wall, Geoff," Maude at length said, "I will repeat what I hive told you many a time. You know !perfectly well that I am a woman of ideals: One of "my ideals is that a man to claim truly his designation as a man, must do something to prove his claim. You know Geoff, that I will not marry a man who has never done anything to prove his worth. What a horrible thing it would be, if, at any future time, I was placed in a dangerous position, out of which my husband had not the courag6 to extricate me." "But, Maude," said Geoff, "I have never had the opportunity of showing von my courage. It is useless' for me to say that I would die for you, and all the rest of it. if I have not the chance of demonstroting it." "Yes, I know that; and it is not very often that a girl is placed in a position to be rescued. All the same I slould appreciate your courage if I saw it exercised 'on belialf of another.'"

"Bntif nothing should happen for a long time, in which.' could display resource or bravery, would you still keep-me waiting for my answer" ?-said Geoff. "Yes, 1 would. I have set up a standard from which I will not deviate one hair's-breadth. If you would win me you must prove yourself worthy of me." Geoff sighed,forhe knew that courage had never been a predominant feature with him: in fact, he wondered sometirneswhether his share of ithad not been allocated to his brother Eric, who, only the day before had rescued an old woman from the -fury of a savage bull ; while he had shivered all over when his sister Marjory asked him to remove a dead mouse from her path. "But hark," said Maude, " is not that a pause in the music? Yes, it is. Let us away from this musty corner, to the brightness of the ball room." They hurried off, and, as they whirled round the room in the next dance, Geoff wondered if she had not fixed upsthis scarecrow only to frighten off the timid bird Geoffrey Falconer. The encounter 'with Maude had damped his spirits, and, as he looked across the room at Captain Joyce minus a finger and an eye, he envied him his loss. Then he thought of his hostess ; even she bad rescued a little girl from drowning—and his heart sank within him. The more he thought the more he saw his own weak- ness, until, he found himself wishing that some fool would drop a lighted match into the flimsy draperies which hung about the entrance of the smoke room, and thus set fire to the house, that he might try to rescue Maude.

Just at that moment Captain Joyce, who had been escorting the Honourable Ellen West across the room, caught his foot in the embroidery of her dress, and she would have fallen had not the Captain caught her in his arms. Even this incident shot a pang of pain through the frame of Geoffrey Falconer, for, he feared that had he been in Captain Joyce's position, the fair Ellen would have fallen to the floor.

After a time Maude and he were together again, but their conversation was very sparse. %Menthe carriages wereannouneed, however, he shook off his lethargy and led her downstairs.

He handed her into the carriage in such alight-hearted manner, that she wondered if he had already forgotten the little lecture she had givenhim in the shaded corner upstairs. That night Geoffrey did not go to bed. When he had got through three of his strongest cigars, he put on his coat and strode out into the eool night air. He made his way to his pal's, Stephen Yates ; and al- though it was an unearthly hour, he gave the bell a vigorous pull. There was no answer at first, but, after a while, Stephen came creeping dowrstairs. Geoffrey then whisperedthrough the keyhole that he wished to talk with him.

Stephen Yates thought Geoff a bit strange in his head, so humoured him by letting him in. They went into the sitting room, and, raking together the few dying embers in the grate, sat and talked. Stephen was a bachelor, and sympathised with Geoff in his love trouble. Years before, he had been refused on similarly trivial grounds : and, as he told Geoff all about it, there grew between them a feeling of mutual sympathy.. . .

When, in he early hours of the morning, Geoffrey Falconer left the house of Stephen Yates he was light- hearted and joyous, for the conference had given him hope, _ _ _ _

Only a few weeks went by and Lady Allday astonished society by sending out invitations to another ball. It was to be a greater function than any previously, and anticipation ran high. As the guests arrived they were dazzled by the magni- ficence. All was one blaze of light and glare. Her Ladyship had weeded out all the names which did not suggest either personal high prestige, or influential connections.

Geoffrey Falconer, of course, was there, for he was not only of blue blood, but was a special favourite of Lady Allday. Rumour said she was anxious to be able to definitely announce the engagement of Maude Stuart and Geoffrey —but then rumour will say anything. llt was noted that Maude Stuart and he were on even better terms than before, and everyone wondered why their engagement had not yet been announced. They danced together often, and when the time came for Maude to leave, Geoff was very profuse with his attentions. Even Lady Stuart, Mande's mother, was pleased with Geoff's thoughtfulness, and, as he closed the carriage door to waive them off, she suggested that he should ride home with them. This he readily consented to do; and, delaying the carriage only a moment while he bad a last word with Lady Allday, he was soon seated opposite them, and roMing along towards the stately mansion of the Stuarts.

All went well until they arrived in the vicinity of Louton-lane. This was a dark spot, and every coach- man around would rather drive ten miles further than come along this short but dangerous road. Of course it was only dangerous because of its rocky nature, for the days of highwaymen had long been past. When they arrived at this spot, the driver went very slowly, and Lady Stuart was about to hurry him up when she saw the faze of a man peering in at the win- dow, and evidently riding on the step. She screamed, and Maude clung closely to her. The coachman, alarmed, would have whipped his horses on, but they were seized on either side by two pairs of , strong hands. _ _

Maiide looked across at Geoff appealingly, and he,in turn, looked hack at her terrified.

At last, with a look as 'of one driven to his wits' end, he flung open the carriage door and stepped out. In- , stantly he was seized by two men, but he threw them , off as if they were children. t Then, running to the horses heads, he dealt each man a blow which sent him sprawling into the ditch. But it could hardly be expected that Geoff could cope with all the gang of men who seemed to swarm around the carriage.

The two men who had seized him first, now came to the aid of their comrades, and Geoff was in danger of being overwhelmed. The coachman, meanwhile, was occupied entirely in keeping his horses under control, while the footman vainly endeavoured to allay the fears of Lady Stuart awl her daughter. One of the men had seized Geoff, and together they rolled on the ground. to the accompaniment of the screams of Lady Stuart and Maude. Now Geoff was uppermost, and now his antagonist. Mande could see by the light from the carriage lamps, the two men gripping each other's throats, and she nearly fainted. With a frantic effort the coachman freed his horses, and nis-ay the carriage went, leaving the scalers in the roadway. _

The last Maude saw of Geoffrey was, as he layon the ground gripping his assailant's throat. Then she fell back in the carriage and swooned away. Arrived at home Lady Stuart despatched the carriage back to the scene of the attack, with as many men as she could 'mister, to rescue Geoff. They returned, however, and reported to her, that not a trace could be seen of any of the men, not even of Geoffrey Falcorer.

Next iJay when Geoff called'at the Stuart's to inquire after the welfare of Maude and her mother, his recep- tion was of a very gushing.nature. Even the sticking plaster across his cheek was pitted by Lady Stuart as if it had been the most lovable thing in the world. "Poor Geoffrey," she said. "What a murderous attack it was. They seemed not to trouble about us inside the carriage, all their • nslaught was upon you." "Yes," said Maude "look at his throat; why, it is marked all over." -

"Never mind." said Geoff, "it will be all right soon." And it was all right soon; soonerthan they expected. Before many weeks had passed theengagement of Maude Stuart and Geoffrey Falconer was announced. Then came the marriage: after t.hat,the honeymoon. One day they were looking upon the waters of Lake Lucerne, for the honeymoon. was not yet over. Ger ff was sitting in a low camp ?hair, and Maude wrs stand- ing by his side, stroking his black hair gently. "My brave boy," she said, "I knew some day your courage would come and you would win me. Ishall

===== 0002601_19040319_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The London season promises to be noted again this Year for its huge public fetes for charitable purposes. The Duchess of Sutherland is organizing a splendid entertainment in aid of the Potteries Cripples' Guild, and next month a banquet, under the presidency of Sir Charles Wyndham is to take place at the Hotel Cecil, in aid of the Ophthalmic Hospital. At the end of May a large and elaborate fête organized by Princess Christian ia aid of the "St. Helena Home of Rest for Friendless Girls "is arranged for, and in the early days of June, Lady Ancaster's annual fête in 'aid of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, will take place. Then there is the concert in aid of St. Batholomew's HoSpital, and the ball at the Albert Hall in aid of King's College Hosp. tal, both of which are arranged for June, and later still comes the largest and most elaborate of the charitable summer fetes which is being organized by Lady Cadogan, and Mrs. Claude Hay, in aid of the Victoria Hospital for Children, and which is to be opened by the Queen. Charitable entertainments are indeed more "fashionable" than ever before, and few Society women do not number some or other function of this description in their London season's list of ' engagements. Getting up in a Hurry.—A medical man has started the co.nfortable doctrine that getting up in a hurry is dangerous to health and even to life. Experience does not coincide with this theory, since most of the longest- livers follow early hours, and it is only the compara- tively few who are able to act upon the principle that a late and leisurely rising is necessary for our physical well-being. Most people have duties to perform which compel them to get up at a certain time whether they want to or not, and it is no use telling them that early rising means physical and mental degeneration. The lazy savage gets up when he feels inclined, and never becomes insane, but it does not follow, as one well- known specialist on brain disease holds, 'that compulsory early rising is a prolific cause of insanity. The evil of exaggeration.—The exaggeration of the countless hygienic dangers that surround us, has had. much to do with the apathy of the public with regard to the prevention of germ diseases. This apathy is the subject of complaint on the part of some of the associa- tions, whose object is the prevention of publicinfection. Nothing has been more denounced than the trailing skirt, but, to most minds, it matters little whether we bring in the mud and disease germs on our skirt or on our boots, and the doormat itself has been condemned as nothing better than a plague spot for the breeding of germs. When dangers surround us day and night, and it is impossible to avoid them, one becomes indifferent, and it is to be faired that medical exaggeration of sup- posed perils has led to the apathy of which they com- plain. Exaggeration always brings its own retribution. I One of the most striking illustrations of this was the failure of a journal which was recently and first of all brought out exclusively for women. Its proprietors are I not usually wanting in success, but they over adver- tised and exaggerated the merits of their new venture, and the result was disappointment and corresponding resentment or indifference on the part of the public. Dressmakers' Disputes.—lf the Society of Dress- makers and Milliners which is to be formed in London, fulfils its aims, it will help to relieve the magistrates of some of the cases of disputes as to pisfits which are a constant source of trouble to them. It is only women they say, who go into Court with these cases, as men apparently prefer to put up with ill-fitting clothes rather than take the trouble of going to law about them. But the magistrates are at the disadvantage of know- -1 ine' little or nothing about the details or tbchnicalities I of woman's dress, and the Society proposes that cases 'of dispute between dressmakers and clients, should be Ireferred to them. The suggestion seems to he a very , sensible one, though possibly not all women litigants I would abide by such decisions, just the same as the I workmen who could not understand why such a system I could be called arbitration, when the case, as it Ihappened, was given against them. Best and Wears Longest.—We hear every now and I then of a non-inflammable flannelette, but the process it I undergoes rather destroys its comfort, and the best t security is to buy only the high clags flannelette such as 1 is made by Horrockses of longcloth and sheetings fame. The name is stamped on the selvedge and it wears much , longer than the cheap and foreign made materials. I Flannelette combines the cheapness of cotton with I much of the comfort of wool, and it has no particular I danger from fire, if only the best home made qualities ' are worn. It is very healthy for both day and night I wear, as it admits of free ventilation, it is warm, soft, ; and light, while in colouring, the new flannelettes ex- ceed anything yet put upon the market. Coloured Umbrellas.—There is a new idea for umbrellas of artistic colours, but if they are to rival ; the gorgeousness of the en. tout cos and sunshade, it is ; to be hored that the spotted pattern will not be adopted. 1 There is always something aggressive in spots, which is ! not seen in stripes. Sun blinds for instance are always striped, and a spotted sunshade is never half so cool- looking asa striped one. Possibly it is because the eye : becomes wearied in looking from spot to spot, but , whatever the cause of the irritation iit is certain that spots are not pleasing to the great majority of people. It is suggested that coloured umbrellas would give brightness to our dull streets in winter time, but colour is only pleasing when in compliment to its surroundiros, and this would hardly be the case with a gaudy red, green, or yellow umbrella on a wet, foggy, and muddy . day. One might just as well suggest putting the police- men into scarlet liveries, but it is to be feared that our climate does not favour such ideals foradding a note of gladness to our streets. . The Craze for Spots.—An epidemic of very 1 age spots has once more broken out amongst dress mat erial of almost every kind and sort, and a similar display appears on millinery trimmings and underskirts. It is fatal to trust any but the most experienced dressmaker with these materials, upon some of which the spots are irregular in size, and appear to be scattered haphazard over the background. Such a toilette is bound to appear more or less loud, but withouta skilful arrange- ment of design, the effect is also grotesque. Spots and stripes always add to the difficulties of the dressmaker, and for this reason such fabrics should be carefully avoided by the home worker. . The Benefit of a Vegetable Course.—Although no other country in the world supplies such an abundance ,of vegetables in their markets, as our own, there is no 1 other country where they are less appreciated. Two 1 vegetables is the extent to which most 'aousewives, go in : preparing dinner, and then always as an accompani- ment to meats. It would however prove much less , costly to serve a third or fourth vegetable as a separate ! course, as our French neighbours do, for it would tend to the consumption of less meat, in the long run, and moreover we should find a vegetable course of the greatest benefit to our health. With regard to spinach, this particular vegetable is invaluable. The man with a disordered liver, and the woman with a bad complexion should eat plenty of spinach. A celebrated chemist says that this article of food contains more iron to the square inch than the most renowned " ferrugenous remedies." The iron in spinach is easily assimilated, and the vegetable is easily digested. If our poorer classes could be brought to realisethe muscle-making of certain kinds of vegetables and the health-giving properties of all, there would unquestionably be less sickness and want among them. The Care of Furs.—Soon we hope to be packing away our heaviest furs, and a few reminders as to the best way in which to accomplish this task may he useful. A tin trunk is the best receptacle foe furs, and a quantity of tissue paper and lump carbon are also necessary. Furs moreover, should neverbe packed:away dirty. They should be thoroughly beaten, brushed and cleaned first. For ermine, oxide of zinc rubbed in with the hand is the best cleanser, while for dark furs, fig dust, or hot. bran, are preferable. All furs should be wrapped separ- ately, and chinchilla should be enveloped in blue or black paper, as it loses its colour if exposed to the light. - -

===== 0002601_19040319_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
"DRINK AND POvERTY."

At Warriagton County Petty Seasions on Wednesday, Mary Mullee. of Golborne, was charged with stesling a pair of clogs, valued at 35., the property of James Bennett, B,Heath-road,Golborne, on March 12. Inspector Balmer said it was a case of drink and poverty. The bench decided to deal with the case under the First Offenders Act. and bound her over to come up for judg- ment if called upon.

It does!

Have you tried if?

===== 0002601_19040319_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
An Interesting Career.

Warrington has lost a well-known and respected inhabitant by the death of Mr. Robert Anderton, cencee, of the Cross Keys hotel, Buttermarket-street, who passed away very suddenly on Saturday night. For some months Mr. Anderton who was in his 58th year, had been suffering from an internal complaint, but there was nothing to indicate that the end was so near. He was, in fact, able to assist in the conduct of the business on Saturday evening, Becoming very unwell, he retired to bed shortly before eleven o'clock and, despite the attention of Dr. Peaeocke, he died at 11.20. He leaves a widow, two sons, and a daughter. Mr. Anderton had had an interesting career. Educated at the War- rington Blue Coat School, he early acquired a taste for music, and under the care of Mr. Oakden, the musical director, he attained proficiency as a trombone player. On com- pleting -his schoolOraining he entered the band of the Ist Royal Dragoon Guards, but, coming under the observation of Mr. Winterbottom, the musical director at the military school, .Kneller Hall, he was soon transferred to the 2nd Life Guards. In the band of this regiment he. served for many years and gained a long service medal. He had the honour of officiating at many State functions at Buck- ingham Palace and Windsor Castle, and he had also deputized for Mr. Winterbottom at the Royal Academy of Music. Twenty-two years ago he returned to Warrington, and became the licence° of the Cross Keys. He took an active part in the management of the Licensed Victuallers' Association and for many years fulfilled the duties of a committee-man. He had a good local reputation as a bowler, and on two occasions figured in local teams which carried off the Lancashire and Cheshire Championship. He was held in the highest esteem by a large circle of friends who deeply regret his death and; sympathise with the family in their sudden bereavement.- He had _long been identified with St. Paul's Church.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNERAL.

Many friends of the late Mr. Anderton assembled to pay a last tribute of respect at the funeral on Wednes- day afternoon. The service was conducted by the Rev. W. Bracecamp, who delivered a short address at the graveside. The chief mourners were :—Messrs. George and Robert Anderton (sons), Mr. Thomas Cooper (step-son), and Mr. Edward Plinston (brother-in- law). Others present were :—Nlessrs. Thornley, Hoyle, Handles, Walker, H. P. Hughes, King, Richardson, Foster, Taylor, Willett, Ainsworth, Archer, Armstrong, Chesworth, Bissell, Catterall, Pearse and Price.Thefollowing members of the LicensedVictuallers Association were in attendance :—Messrs. R. Shacklady (trE4's:ll.er), T. Walsh (secretary), T. Massey, F. J. 'Whittle, Robert Perdue, Charles H. Newall, J. McClinton, Henry Teece, H. Watkins.P. Brimelow, E. Lake, Joseph Allison, Joseph Read, W. Dillon, F. T. Turner, G. E. Turley, and Waldron. Beautiful floral tributes Nv ere forwarded by the Warrington and District Homing Society, Cemetery Hotel Bowling Club, and the staff of the Richmond Gas Stove and Meter Co., Ltd.

THREE MONTHS FOR A POST OFFICE GIRL. At Dumfries, Margaret Jardine, a post-office assistant, of good appearance, 21 years of age, was charged with the theft of .C 3 4s. Bd. from a registered letter. The girl was of a respectable family, and was a Sunday school teacher and a general church worker. She was about to be married. She was sentenced to three months. The girl sobbed bitterly on hearing the sentence.

Though on our shores Crude foreign Oats They still contrive to Dump, Dump, Dump, Each day denotes

That Provost' Oats In sales go up with a Jump, Jump, Jump, The reason for this preference of

PROVOST' OATS- the genuine home-grown article is obvious.

The United Kingdom has the best soil and climate in the world for growing Oats. The Oats of America and Canada are crcatly inferior. Provost Oats are perfect Oats, grown under perfect conditions, per- fectly ripened, perfectly matured, and perfectly manufactured.

AVOID DUMPED OATS and STICK To ' PROVOST' OATS, and you'll see where the 1au..;11 comes in•

R. ROBINSOI,I ez. SONS, ANNAN, N. B.

Try our "Blue Bell" Flaked Rice, it makes dainty puddings in five minutts.

Simply drench the flakes in boiling water and cook man oven for five minutes.

3d. Per Packet.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPULSORY MILITARY SERVICE.

DISCUSSION AT STOCKTON HEATH The, already familiar arguments in favour of corn. lsory military service were again advanced at a meet- -1134 held in the Church Institute, Stockton Heath, on Tuesday evening under the auspices of the Warrington branch of the National Service League. Judging from the sparse attendance, the proposals of the league have not aroused very great interest in the village. The Rev. H. V. Pigot presided, and expressed himself in favour of the compulsory trainirr, advocated by the league. Of course if the scheme were adopted, industrial conditions would, to a certain extent, have to be revolutionised. There would have to be no risk of men losing their employment by undergoing the military or naval training required. In his opinion it would be a privilege and benefit, as well as a duty, to every citizen to share the work which had hitherto devolved solely upon the Volunteers. Captain G. R. Crosfield fully explained the proposals of the league and laid much stress upon the possibilities of an invasion by a foreign power in the event of Eng- I land again being involved in a campaign like the Boer War. The league admitted that the compulsory training would interfere vvithbusiness to a certain extent but they asked employers to look upon it as a form of insurance. We must insure against invasion and the premium on the lines laid down by the league, would be very slight. The league even went further and said there would be no premium at all, because the men would come back from the camp stronger, better dis- ciplined, and better workmen in every wa,y. Employers would therefore be fully recompensed for any disadvant- ages they might have to incur. It was intended to 'copy the Swiss system by which the men were sent to camp in three batches. He moved a resolution support- ing the league proposals. Mr. F. Pearson seconded and pointed out that one argument which influenced him strongly was the im- provement in the physique of slum strongly would accrue from the training. Mr. H. J. Westbrook supported the principle of the scheme, but did not think there was sufficient guarantee as to its practical working. If they nitosie military service compulsory they interfered with "Freedom of contract between employer and emnloyee. If a man was willing to un tergo training he must have a guarantee that his place would be kept open for him. Then again it would hardly be fair to those who filled the men's places during their absence that they should be turned adrift when the training was over. He entirely agreed with Captain Crosfleld that something would have to be done, but he was unconvinced as to the practicability of the league pro- posals. He was certain the people of England would not stand conscription with its militarism. He thought that military drill should be given in all elementary schools, that further military knowledge should be imparted in the secondarysehools, and that in the higher schools the study of maps, surveying, &c., should form part of the instruction. Mr. T. May and Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins supported the resolution. Mr. Jenkins did not think the difficulty in regard to employment would be insuperable. The relations of employer and employed might, ho con- sidered, be so adjusted that the law would compel the employer to fall in with the scheme. Mr. J. W. Benchier heartily supported the resolution on the ground that nothing would tend to help the country more than the improvement in the physique of the people which would result from the training. He did not, however, think we need fear the bugbear of invasion quite as much as some people thought. In his opinion the jealousies of the continental nations, rather 'than our insular position were our protection. He pointed out how, with the aid of telegraphy and the railways, a large force could easily be massed if an enemy attempted an invasion. In regard to the employment difficulty, Captain Crosfleld was an employer of labour and if he was satisfied that the scheme could be worked, he (Mr. Bouchier) would be prepared to accept his judgment,although it appeared to him that that phase of the question was a great diffi- culty. It was also well to consider how, in the event of the navy being defeated, they would be able to pre- vision the country. In order to prepare for a state of siege, granaries would be required. If they were not provided, the navy would have to protect not only the colonies, but the food stuffs coming from America. The Rev, C. A. NI. Evans asked if the opinions of em- ployers of labour had been obtained by the league. He supported the scheme, • for he contended that if they strengthened the second line of defence, they would be strengthening the navy as well. On the score of dis- cipline, and also believing the old Roman saying " If you desire peace, prepare for war," he supported the resolution. _ _

• Captain Crosfield pbinted out that the league had not gone thoroughly into the details of the employ- ment question as they wanted, first of all, to drive home the necessity of a change from the present voluntary system. Their proposals were almost identical with those in force in Ssitzerland, and in that country it was an unheard of thing for a man to lose his place through undergoing the training. When he first took the auestion up, he did so entirely from the physical, educational, and moral points of view. After going into statistics &c., and reading German pamphlets on the invasion of this country, he saw that invasion was not nearly so impossible as he once thought. Therefore he was now keener on the scheme from the military than from the civil point of view. He did not think the employers of labour had yet been aporoached, but be would mention the matter to the secretary. Apparently the secretary had looked upon the employers as being rather conservative in the matter, and had aimed at getting a numerous backing especially among the working classes. The scheme was so absolutely right and just that it was bound to win in the long run. The resolution was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING AT FRODSTIAM.

An enthusiastic meeting of the Warrington Branch was held at Frodshiuu in the Drill Hall on Thursday. Admiral Sir N. Bowden-Smith, K.C.B. came specially from London to address the meeting on the subject of "National Defence." The chair was ably taken by the Rev. H. B. Blogg. Dr. Westmacott, M.D. the well known Manchester surgeon, moved the following resolution "That this meeting of the inhabitants of Frodsbam are in favour of National Service for Home Defence or future emern'- encey, and are of opinion that the smatter is urgent and requires the immediate attention of his Majesty's Government, and that our member be requested to convy this resolution to the Prime Minister." Dr. Westmacott, in an excellent little speech, pointed out the great value of National training from the physical point of view, and spoke of the physical deterioration which came prominently before his notice in Manches- ter and the surrounding districts. Admiral .Sir F. Bowden-Smith then supported the rasolution in a speech which was listened to with the greatest attention. He pointed out that the invasion of this country, though not probable, was decidedly possible, and it was our duty to adept some modified form of universal training, so as to remove a possibility which was a standing menace to peace. He showed that the want of reserve for our Fleet was a weakness which the proposals of the League,if adopted, would at once remedy. The resolution was put to the meeting and carried unanimously. Colonel Lascelles proposed, and Mr. C. Carson seconded a vote of thanks to the speakers; and Captain Crosfleld proposed, and Mr. Ockleston seconded a vote of thanks to the Chairman.—lVlany of thepeople present joined the National Service League.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
A Conscientious Objector.

At the Borough Police Court; on Monday, Edwin Jones, of Paul-street, applied for a certificate exempt- ing his child from vaccination.— He said he had a conscientious objection to vaccination, which he believed would lie injurious to the health of the child. A sister of his had suffered from abcesses in conse- quence of vaccination, although he could not produce a medical certificate to that effect.—Mr. S. Steel : All we have to do is to satisfy ourselves that the appli- cant has a conscientious objection.—Mr. Birchall : If he has a conscientious objection we are bound to grant the certificate.—The Mayor was understood to remark that he did not believe a man could be con- scientious when he wanted to run the risk of spread- ing smallpox in the town.—The application was granted, Alderman Smethurst intimating that he would not sign the order.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COUNTY COUNCILS.

Lancashire and Cheshire Chairmen

Re-Elected.

At the first meeting of the Lancashire County Coun- cil held on Thursday, at Preston, Sir John Hibbert for the sixteenth time was elected chairman upon the mo- tion of the Lord Mayor of Manchester,seconded by Mr. lme, M.P. Sir John reviewed the work of the Coun- cil. Eight years ago there were 370,000 people in the county area without hospital accommoda- tion. Now there were only 47,500 without accommodation. He lamented that the expenditure- had increased from Old. to 9d. since they were. first established, but the additional threepence had beeix satisfactorily expended. When he heard the outcry about the increased expenditure he found that while their county expenditure had increased 50 per cent- since they were established, imperial expenditure had. increased 70 or 80 per cent., and some local authorities. in the same time 150 per cent. The County Council. could pay its way and had no debt.—Sir W. B. Houlda- - worth, M.P., was elected vice-chairman.

The' first 'meeting of the newly-elected County Coun— cil for Cheshire was held on Thursday at Chester Castle. Colonel George Dixon was unanimously appointed. chairman.—Colonel Dixon, in taking the chair, thanked. the Council for the eleventh time for bestowing the- honour upon him.—The aldermen retired andi all were re-elected with the exception of Mr. Joseph Beckett, in whose place Mr. T. Raffles Wiley, of Liscard, was appointed.— Alderman Beeley was re-appointed vice-chairman of the, Council.—Mr. John Thompson moved the re-election of various corumittee.—The chairman Dr. Hewitt, and, Dr. Hodgson were appointed a deputation to join with. the Worcestershire deputation in making a strong xe— presentation, to the Local Uoverninent Board on the subject of national education being made a charge on. the national exchequer, rather than on local ex- chequers.

At subsequent proceedings in committee it was, announced that this was Alderman John Thompson's. last appearance as a member of the Council, he having intimated his intention to resign. The. retirement of Mr. Joseph Beckett through illness was also alluded to. Mr. Beckett was chairman of the Main Roads Com- mittee for many years, while Mr. Thompson was chair— man of the Upton Asylum Committee. .

===== 0002601_19040319_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON-114-11AKERFIELD LECTURES COMMITTEE.

Radium and its Marvels.

The last lecture of the winter series was given in the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Wednesday evening by Dr. Hampson, M.A., Oxon &c., the subject being. "Radium ; its Marvels, Scientific and Practical." Mr._ W. Collingwood presided, and the hall was crowded. The Chairman in introducing the lecturer said the attendance this session had been far above the average of any other,and it was obvious if they went on as they had been doing, they would have to enlarge the hall. Two years ego he had great pleasure in listening to Dr. Hampson on "Liquid air," but that night he was to lecture upon- a very important, subject, "Radium." (Hear, hear.) . _

Dr. , Hampson said it was very cheering and gratify- ing to see such a large number *f people collected! together to listen to a subject which, after all, was,. purely scientific. There had beena great deal of public. interest taken in this subject of Radium for a long time- and they had had many opportunities of hearing and. reading of what was stated and written about Radium. Radium was something extremely small in more ways, than one; the total quantity of it which was ownedand. possessed in the world, if collected together, would not weigh half-a-pound, nor anything like it. It had been; the business of science, more and more in recent years,. to deal with the excessively small, and it was a woman,. who discovered this wonderful radium, the wife of Professor Curie. After many months of arduons labour she and her husband succeeded in separating and extracting this new substance. It took a very great quantity of the raw material in the preparation—about 80 tons—in order to extract less than half a thimble- ful of the radium required. Under these circumstances- Considering the great quantity of raw material and the. great quantity of labour required it was only natural that the price of the finished product was very great... The price per ounce on the market was £BO,OOO to,. £90,000. Professor Curie states that if they hada pound' of it in a room such as that they would all be. killed, at any rate, if they left the room alive they would be ,blind. The lights were- then lowered and the lecturer handed round a, couple of glass tubes containing minute particles of ' radium in order that the audience rdight see its beauti- ful effects, and there were frequent expressions of won-- delrment. Illustrations, showing scientifically the reason, for the radiation and the scintillations, were given by- means of the lantern anal long and purely scientific ex-. planation was given. Dr. Hampson in conclusiom said that the keenest interest that could be taken in the subject - was fully justified by the very great influence-it had ex- erted and would continue to exert on scientific- progress, the ,possibilities'it had already begin to realize in surgery., and the results of immeasurable importance in the, industrial world to which its study may open the way. After the lecture the working committee were enter- tained to supper by Mr. Ormand the secretary, and several felicitious speeches were made, it being agreed that the course had been the most successful that had. been held.

MUSTARD.

e t..• N

Nes '1 4

===== 0002601_19040319_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
SKIN AND BLOOD PURIFICATION Cuticura Soap, Ointment and Pills

Cleanse the Skins Scalp

and Blood

Of Torturing, Disfiguring Hu- mours with Loss of Hair

===== 0002601_19040319_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPLETE TREATMENT 4s. 9d.

' Thousands of the world's best peo- ple have found instant relief and speedy cure by the use of Cuticura Soap, Oint- ment and Pills in the most torturing and disfiguring of itching, burning and scaly humours, eczemas, rashes, itch- ings and inflammations. Thousands of tired, fretted mothers, of skin-tortured and disfigured babies, of all ages and conditions, have certi- fied to almost miraculous cures by the Cuticura remedies, when the best med- ical skill had failed to relieve, much less cure. Cuticura Treatment is local and con- stitutional complete and perfect, pure, sweet and wholesome. Bathe the affected surfaces with Cuticura Soap and hot water to cleanse the skin of crusts and scales and soften the thick- ened cuticle, dry without hard rubbing, and apply Cuticura Ointment freely to allay itching, irritation and inflamma- tion, and soothe and heal, and lastly take Cuticura Resolvent Pills to cool and cleanse the blood, and put every function in a state of healthy activity. More great cures of simple, scrofulous and heredittiry humours are daily made by Cuticura remedies than by all other blood and skin remedies combined, a single set being often sufficient to cure the most distressing cases when all else fails. Sold throughout the world. Cuticura Resolvent, 2s. ed. On form of Chocolate Coated Bile, Is. lid. per vial of 60), Ointment, 28. 6d., Soap. la. Depots. London, 27 Charter- house Sq.; Paris, 5 Rue de la Pail; Boston, 137 Columbia Ave. Potter Drug and Chem. Corp., Sole Props. elf. bend for "Skin and Blood Purification." -E

===== 0002601_19040319_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Fq(cliiva STE_ - ;TA for Ladies. pi LLs

PIIIiNCEI RRIIIIDi SUPHELSKDING BlTTfilt APPLE. PIL 000RIAO, PRNgYFIOXI,L, Prioe 48. 6d, post free. Obtainable only from ARTIN, CREMISI. SOUTHAMPTnv

amkva-ga-irie,42E,—,e4o-4 e WO ULD IFOU HAW 0, SOFT VELVE

,S,CHAPS, ON, etc., - tort time.

Bo 6d.,15., and 2s

AM Bc, SON. C HE LTENHAM

80-PAGE ILLrBTEATED CATALOGIIIS. 'WhoIBEIOB - Prices, Cycles, Motors, Accessories. 4500 new & second-hand machines actually in stock. Cycles from 30/-, IL BA. & Raffle's machines. Never such bargains offered Send for List. Agents wanted

Pi.. Every t Accessory, /frames, Tyres, mmir. s /7/hceellif. wok, Cprice; per t. cen 8 0 .10 les thaTl other Mtkers 7' e - Weston-suner-Mars.

*0

.. , ,1 I p AN EVER READY HOUSEHOLD REMEDY.. 1 ! LOOSENS. PH LEG M. *, ALLAYS COUG IC. GIVES IMMEDIATE RELIEF. •:. LINUM CATHARTICUM PILLS. •:- \ 1 :___ FOR INDIGESTION & ITS EVILS: - • • -..:" 1 SICKHEADAN AGREEABLECHE- BILIOLISPE DERANGEMENTARIAPERIENT. A • &c. - Iti .. i i KAYS TIC PILLS- •:- '.' . !, CURE FACEACH E & NEURALGIA.

Y -PROVEN EF

REFUSE SUBS 77 Ta TES. •:* ,501.1) EiT ALL CHEMISTS THROUGHOUT GREAT BRITAM B. THE cowtoirs,

TI . (19 .E - 4. SKIN? ~. Then use , a46,-- .4.• i Li %hi ..." it P ..,-• win ~, -• entirely '' remove all ROUGHNES TAN, IRRITATI( ilgz in a very sh 13' ,0 ales , M.BEE'rH, .6. -

._,per.) Sold _ 'TAKE - . , SEED II; 0 \ 6 6 . ---. '''.. le, ''ll'44l of ...-.......--==---.' 401 •I • ~_ 1 i , '-' i : --DOUN u.. _ ~, ~ % ----, niv‘,, _ , v 4, N‘ .... A., -- -- i.s4,,,,AARK . _,_, , e ... ~i,...,_ • . . 4, ft fib i,l • ;":: ^..' °F.71‘....10 OMP V."' ~1 . ' • .--', t. . 'e 7-- 'N. ',. /isr,iedi i i.,.- iP , liCe?'Se ‘,. ' (9' 0.,C . yv oF • ..,- I c-,;•;..„,,. -,_- ..-....- ,ar ----•'' %2'TO . • 1:4;;,z4r,1ir1k4941...1,&.,..7,5't ,- T.." • . voiii.r., "'IA:c4I:;,, 1, 5,,,.......:,:vvicw..wi1...% ...,„:.,.....,...„,„..„..u.A.,.....,,„. ~,......,cto.earitir.,Ds,„..k. %: '..r.t.4.';::' 146.., ' • '27l'''' _. ti.,v.,,,,,,l- ~,..„.',-,,...-,..:,.;,;,,,,. i'-' :4--''',: 'Asiloroilio-triikTri-i- -) -- •.35 EARS- ' , • _ . !L tij, . ;- • ~:r•-• -FICACY. i

===== 0002601_19040319_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

WORLD'S GREATEST EXHIBITION

The St. Louis Exhibition is to be the great event of 1904, next to the Russo-Japanese war. It will be open from May i to Decem- ber 1. For the past year or so America in general and St. Louis in particular have been in a fever of excitement over this coming world's show. Every country in the world has been invited to participate by sending its best, and that to the fullest extent. It is to show life and movement, really to let the ex- hibition form a roll of honour of man, and the works of man in his industries and craftt. The intention is to present the conspicuous progress made in the employment of the energies of Nature, and in useful invention and discovery. In fact, St. Louis, for. the time being, will be an epitome of the whole world. The exhibition will stand in. Forest Park, a well timbered tract of land of about 1,300 acres inside the boundaries of St. Louis. The exhibition will occupy 1,180 acres of this

Great Britain will De represented at the St. Lout Exhibition by reproductions of Kensington Palace Orangery and the cottage in which Burns was born.

park—a space a mile wide and one and three- quarters of a mile long. This is three or four times the size of Hyde Park. Over sixty buildings, ranging HO cost from 5,000 to E,90,000 each, have now been erected. Eng- land will be represented by the Queen's Jubilee gifts and by a reproduction of the Orangery at Kensington Palace, which was built for Queen Anne in 1704. A replica of the cottage where Robert Burns was born will also be erected. The French Pavilion will be a reproduction of the Grand Trianon of Ver- sailles, the handsome villa built by Louis XIV. for Mme. de Maintenon. It was one of the favourite residences of the first Napoleon. Germany's building will be a faithful minia- ture of the Royal Palace of Charlottenburg. The United States Government building has cost Zoo 000. China's building will be a replica of af, moil; temple, centuries old. Japan's exhibit will include almost every feature of social and industrial development.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAND DUCHESS OLGA ALEXANDROVNA.

One of the features of the present war in the Far East is the patriotic and self-sacrific- ing way in which it has been taken by both countries, especially amongst the upper classes. On the Japanese side, the Crown Prince and his brother have already taken the field, and on the Russian the Tsar's two bro-

thers have 0f...

fered their ser-

vices. The Tsar

himself, of course, cannot

go, blit he has

made the gener:

building . ships

out of his ow-n

pocket to re- plade the Korie t z

-and Variag,

which were sunk

during _ the first

naval- battle of

the war,ana this

will approxi- mately cost him a couple of mil- lion pounds. In addition, the

A ROYAL NURSE:

Tsarina and he spend a large part of theft spare time in devotion and intercessional prayer on behalf of their cause and the men who are fighting. Now comes the news that the Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna has decided to volunteer as a nurse, and is going out to superintend the work of the Red Cross Society in Manchuria. This will unquestion- ably result in a large number of Russian ladies in the most exclusive set following her brave example; and a most popular actress has already thrown up the stage temporarily for the uniform of the Red Cross. These are the kind of things which do more than any- thing else to cheer on an army in the field fighting under difficulties and suffering priva- tions from hunger and cold, as it makes them feel that they are not forgotten by the high- est in the land. At the moment the Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna is the heroine of the hour in St. Petersburg. Bound upon more deadly work, General Kuropatkin left the capital at the end of last week, and great things are expected from this Russian Kit chener.

THE SAD DEATH OF MR. SEWALLIS SHIRLEY, EX-M.P. Considerabe sensation was caused in London last week by the announcement in some of the evening papers that an ex-mPmber of Parliament had died under circumstances which were suggestive of foul play: but the report turned out afterwards to have been unfounded s o far as the question of anything el s e but a natural death. The ex- M.P. referred to was Mr. Sewallis Evelyn Shirley, who used to re- present County Monaghan in th e Conserva- tive interest. The facts wen fully stated at the in- quest, when it was shown that he had come up to town and put un at the Hotel Windsor. He IRLEY. had gone out to call upon a lady in Manchester Street: and there he was taken very ill and gradually grew worse. A doctor was sent for and, as there was no proper accommodation for Mr. Shiiley, allowed him to be taken in a cab to Westminster Hospital. However, he died on the way, and, as the post-mortem showed, there was no question of violence, merely a sudden fatal illness. Mr. Sewallis Shirley was a very well-known man in town, as he had many interests which brought him up to London and many friends, whom he often visited at the House of Com- mons. After having represented County Monaghan from 1868 until 1880, he was defeated: and 'upon the redistribution in 1885 he contested South Monaghan, where he was rejected by nearly four thousand votes, after which he decided not to stand again. Mr. Shirley was a large landed proprietor and J. P. both for Warwickshire and County Monaghan. His seats were Ettington Park, Stratford-on-Avon and Lough Fea, Carrick- macross ; and he was also High Sheriff of County Monaghan in 1884. He was descended directly from one of the oldest families in the country, being of Saxon lineage, as a Sewallis de Ettington certainly existed in Staffordshire at the time of Edward the Confessor. Mr. Shirley was born in 1844 and educated a Eton and Christ Church.

. . - . -.7..-_,-..-. --------=------- ------" i-_,-----,--___:----=--- .. ~__ ..1 ---_, • -0. ? (..-.. ..) 44.4011 \\ \\ THE LATE MR. SEWALLIS SE

, , rr••••••\ •••*-re, \ p-C4' • ^ 1.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. MACHRAY.

From Winnipeg comes the news of the death of Dr. Machray, the Primate of All Canada and head of the Church of England througbout the whole Dominion J In Canada

he was very popular and looked upon wit& the utmost respect by all denominations, and his death will be generally re- grettedon every side. His con- nection with the Dominion is of very old stand- ing and dates back nearly 40 years to the time when Dr. Mach- ray was appoin- ted Bishop of Rupert's Land in 1865. He held .that posi- tion until 1893, when he was made Archbish- op of RuPert's Land and Prim- THE LATE DR: MACHRAY4 ate of All Cana- da. In that same year he was created a Prelate of the Order of St. Michael and St. George. But, realoui as he always was in doing good works in a religious way, he did not neglect other more temporal affairs, and one of his first and most notable acts in the Dominion was to inaugurate d system of education which has proved of the utmost value and benefit throughout the whole Colony. He held, at the time of his death, the position of Chan- cellor of the University of Manitoba. One incident connected with his death was the fact that the fearful cold and snowdrifts in this, the coldest winter known in Canada for many years, prevented the majority of his Bishops from being present at his funeral.

.4011.1, 4 --1,) !IP 401y„7 6/tfe 'HF

===== 0002601_19040319_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
A GREAT PAINTER.

By the death of that famous artist, MrJ Erskine Nicol, another representative of a kind of art which has always been popular, has gone. It is a kind of art which, in spite of the "art-education" of the multi- tude, and of " movements" and societies, I ntern ational and native, will remain Popular to the end,

Mr. Erskine Nicol was a

good painter in

flis Way, felici-

tous in his sub-

jects, _ and con-

scientious in his

work, cheerful

in his outlook on the world, pure _in mind,

and honest in his view of life.

He had his re-

ward in popu- THE LATE MR. ERSKINE° 'ldly and

latity,

solidly

NICOL, R.S.A., A.R.A.

e a r-n e d

firm!y held, and although it isnearly twenty years since he withdrew from the active ro,l of the Royal Academy, and placed him- self on the retired list, he is still affection- at.ly remembered by a wide public, and the engravings of many of his pictures are still 6esteemed and treasured in the land. It was no easy task on which he set out in his boyhood. Almost from his birth, which took place in Leith in 1825, Nicol had shown extraordinary aptitude with his pencil. As a child, he declared his inten- tion of becoming an artist, and—as has so often distinguished the youthful struggles of painters—he had to overcome the objec- tions of a poor and prudent parent. He secured, however, an early apprenticeship to a house-painter, as David Roberts had done before him, and in his spare time he attended the Trustees' Academy in Edinburgh. Owing, we are told, to an appearance of years he did not possess, he obtained at the age of twelve admittance to the schools, although the mini- mum at which he could rightly enter was fourteen. He made rapid progress under Sir William Allan and Thomas Duncan, and in due time obtained the appointment of draw- ing-master at the Leith High School, and at twenty he went to Ireland, where he spent four eventful years.

, y • \\\ cA. , ////

===== 0002601_19040319_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE KING'S NEW MOTOR.

No one has fallen more completely under the fascination of the motor than the Ring himself, and he is one of the keenest and most fearless automobilists in the country. Moreover, he, as King, is outside the new Act and has not to carry a number, which is a great advantage. Hitherto, he has only patronised the Daimler Company, who manu- facture their cars in Coventry, and he has some of the finest specimens of that firm's work, including a model shooting-wagonette. However, the last time he wast on the Con- tinent His Majesty, like so many other wealthy motorists, fell a victim to the great German-made car, the Mercedes, which have been all the rage for the last two years and shone so brilliantly in the Gordon-Bennett Cup race in Ireland last year. This car, it is

, ir 4 _

===== 0002601_19040319_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
HIS MAJESTY'S NEW MOTOR.

generally admitted, has few, if any, equalt at present on the market, if the question of cost is of no account with the purchaser, and they are noted not only for their re- liability and simplicity, but also for their quietness in running and great speed. In build they are a comparatively low, long car on very graceful lines, and until lately used to be distinguishable by their peculiar bon- nets. His Majesty's new car is said to be capable of doing sixty-five miles an hour on a clear road, and it is built on light lines, containing only four seacs in all, including the chauffeur, and has no protectors of any sort. The car arrived at Buckingham Palace only a few days ago in view of the com- mencement of the real motoring season, and ere long it will be pretty well known by sight, as are His Majesty's other cars.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
THE QUEEN'S NEW PORTRAIT.

Of Mr. Edward Hughes, the celebrated portrait-painter, whose painting of the Queen in her Coronation robes formed such a pleasing gift to the King on the forty-first anniversary of his wedding, Sir John Millais has said: "Very many people can paint a man, but very few can paint a lady; and Hughes can." Those who know Mr. Hughes's work will appre- ciate this ver- dict. He has shown over and over again that the,great painter was right in his criticism. All that is lovely in famous feminin- ity of the pre- sent generation has been charm- ingly portrayed MR. EDWARD HUGHESII by Mr. Hughes's brush. The Queen has sat for him five times, and it is well known that the portrait he painted of her in 1896, when she was Princess of Wales, and which was afterwards exhibited at Agnew's Gallery, and by the King's special desire at the Guildhall, is preferred by the Royal Family to the efforts of any other artist. Among the famous sitters to Mr. Hughes are the Duchesses of Montrose, Devonshire, Leinster, and Dudley, Princess Isabel D'Orleans, Lady Lubbock, with her little son; Lady de Trafford, the Marchioness of Worcester, Lady Helen Vincent, and the Princess of Wales, and the two Royal Prin- cesses Victoria and Maud:

s'N`gik. , , ''C'"l \ '‘''' (-.-." ------• '‘ ' \ It" 70 e i ''''' 4it, -1, '''lk.. ' ,1/C" i /

===== 0002601_19040319_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION CUP COMPETITION.

FIRST R3UND.

RESULTS AT A GLANCE.

Broughton R'ng'rs 4 G 26 Parton Salford 6 15 57 BrooklandßYrs 0 0 0 Swinton Halifax 3 3 15 St. Helens 0 0 0 Batley Leigh 2 2 10 Rochdale Irrn'ts 0 1 3 Runcorn Wigan _

Leads 0 1 3 Hull Kingston R 1 0 2 Bradford

Hull

Hunslet 3 3 15 Dewsbury 0 0 0 Barrow 2 2 10 Brumley 2 2 10 Pontefract Keighley 1 2 8 Lancaster Holbeck

===== 0002601_19040319_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington v. Swinton.

A GRAND GAME AND A POINTLESS DRAW.

Warrington took their strongest fifteen to Swinton on Saturday, confident of holding their own at least. The encounter was one which aroused a lot of interest in both districts and some 2,000 ardent Warrington entkusiasts journeyed to the colliery village by rail and road. Manchester and Swiaton folk also swarmed to the enclosure to witness what was looked upon as the match of the day in Lancashire. Fine weather prevailed, and fully 9,000 spectators surrounded the enclosure when play commenced. The ground was in good order considering the absence of grass, and a fast game was looked for. Mr. J. IL Smith had charge of the whistle and the teams lined out _in the following order: Swinton.—Chorley, back; Gartrell, Dixon, Traynor, and Hampson, three-quarter backs; Molvneux and Wall- work. half backs; Evans, Barnett, Preston, Smith, Tickle, Simister, Cheetham, and Yates, forwards. Warrington.—Hallam, back; Fish, Isherwood, Dicken- son, and Harris, three-quarter backs; Bate and Davies, half backs; Boardman, Swift, Cook, Thomas, Fairhurst, Naylor, Jolley, and Harmer, forwards. Touch judges, Messrs. T. Anderton, L igh, and C. Simm, Wigan. Dickenson sot the ball in motion for Warrington,who had the slope to contend with, but the return was poor, and Swinton were soon on the defence. Bate charged Molyneux's kick down in the first minute, but the danger was averted. Warrington maintained their footing in the home quarter, and a beautiful round of passing by the backs seemed certain to result in a score when Isherwood mulled the transfer to Fish. A moment later the ball was kicked past Gartrell, and Fish out- pacing his opponent dribbled away in fine style, only to over-run the bouncing ball at the critical moment. Swinton rushed the bill away to centre, but Warrington were soon back again, only to fail through faulty pass- ing again, Dickenson being the offender. While the attack was proceeding hotly, Traynor stood offside, and a penalty to Fish ought to have resulted in a goal, but it didn't, much to the chagrin of the visitors. Still Warrington pegged away, Harmer knocking forward from Da,vies's cross-kick right on the line. Quickly the game travelled across to the far corner, where Fish made a desperate effort, but had to succumb to num- bers. A mull by Dickenson finally relieved the tension for Swinton, whose front rank swept down upon Hallam and tackled him at centre. Davies was prominent with a fine break-away, only to be pulled down when a pass would have given Harris a walk-over. Then the home backs got a look in, and Hampson came down speedily from Tra,ynor's pass. Hallam tackled the sprinter in glorious fashion however. Swinton, from Molyneux's kick managed to get a position near the Warrington line, Bate kicking clear before the danger was acute. Half-time, no seore. _ _

Warrington had had so much the better of the game in the first half that they were expected to do great things on change of ends. Swinton, however, went off with a rattle, and were soon in the Warrington quarter. Preston took a penalty shot at goal, but the ball dropped a yard short. Fish cleverly ran the ball out, but the Blues returned with such effect that the ball was rushed to the Warrington line, Harris saving pluckily, inches only from the magic rut. Molyneux had a fruitless drop at goal, and then a strong effort by Dickenson changed the venue. Warrington at once put on pres- sure, and the home defence was tested to the utmost. First Fish and then Isherwood WAS stopped at the corner. Then Davies dodged to within a yard of the line, Dickenson tried to jump over, and Bate was downed in the very last stride. The Blues were completely over-played, but they defendedrmly. Warrington tried every way forabout 20 minutes, but the try would not some. Hallam even had a drop at goal, but was a long way out. Harris's win,' was rather neglected, which was a mistake, as the sturdy right-winger might have succeeded where Fish had failed if he had been properly attended to. Swinton managed to get to the ceatre before the whistle sounded for full time, leaving the game a pointless draw.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REPLAYED TIES.

WARRINGTON SWAMP SWINTON.

Great interest was shown in the re-played cup-tie between Warrington and Swinton on the Wilderspool ground on Wednesday. Most of the big works in the town closed at 4 p.m., and with contingents from Wigan, Swinton, Widnes, and St. Helens, there were quite 7,000 people on the ground at 4.30, the gate receipts amounting to £l6O. Warrington relied on exactly the same team as at Swinton, but the Blues made no less than half-a-dozen changes. Fine weather again pre- vailed and the ground was in capital order. Mr. J. H. Smith refereed and the teams were :

Swinton :—W. Dixon, full back; V. R. Hampson, D. Trayner (captain), A. Chorley, and J. T. Lewis, three- quarters; A. Williamson, and W. Wallwork, half-backs; J. Preston, W. Cheetham, H. Barnett, E. Yates, T. Pom- fret, J. Coletrop, W. Simister, and J. Smith, forwards. Reserve, R. Tickle.

Warrington (as in Saturday's match). The home side won the toss and Preston started for the Blues against a good breeze. Warrington were at once put on the defensive, the visitors getting the ball smartlyfrom the pack and making frequent use of the touch-line. A lengthy punt by Fish eventually took play to the opposite end, and excitement grew as War- rington attacked hotly. Fish made a fine effort from half way, but was brought down near the line. Before War- rington could be driven back a penalty was givenagainst the Blues, and Fish placed a goal amid ringing cheers. Swinton at once forced the game to the Warrington half, but the attack was easily:dealt with,and the Blues made only a short stay here. Warrington soon reached the Swinton quarter, but slow passing by Bate led to the backs making little headway. The forwards rushed the game to near the line, and quick transfers between Bate, Davies, and Dickenson resulted in the lengthy centre dashing over the line with a couple of opponents clinging to him. The place was easy and Fish kicked another goal. Up to half-time Swinton had a fair share of the game, but never looked like scoring. The work of the home backs was below par and the interval arrived with the score 2 goals and a try to nil in War- rington's favour. Diskenson re-started for Warrington, who went off at a rare pace. Two minutes play sufficed for Davies, Dickenson, Isherwood and Fish to get going, and the latter completed a fine movement by running through the Swinton defence and scoring at the corner. Dicken- son took the kick but failed, against the wind, to send the ball over. The Warrington men were now perform- ing in better style; the work of the backs being much cleaner. Isherwood was soon over again, after Bate had bluffed through, but he was recalled for a faulty transfer. Swinton were given no chance, however, and Davies getting away on the right com- pletely baffled the defence with a short cross- kick, Isherwood rushing over and grounding, for Fish to kick another goal. With a lead of 15 points War- rington relaxed their efforts somewhat, and Preston nearly brought about the downfall of the homasters with a fine run. Warrington soon attacked apain, Harris making a powerful effort to get in at the corner, but succumbing to Dixon. The homesters were exceedingly well-placed, and clever passing between the halves and centres resulted in Isherwood doubling through the goal-posts. Fish raising the total to 20 points with another goal. Final :—Warringtoli, 4 goals 4 tries (20 points), Swinton, nil.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
The Original Cocoa, and a Speciality,

. . gc...ave -••_& •41 It' • ' '64 4.4 • '

being distinguished from all others by its invigorating nutritious qualities and its delicious flavour. This Cocoa, con- taining as it does all the substance of the Cocoa Nib, maintains its leading position after three-quarters of a Century as

===== 0002601_19040319_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
„ P••••'. • . 01; ltko 4rFa • 407 . 4: ;1- •

the best form of Cocoa for every-day use.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
LOLL GHERNMENT REFORM.

THE DUTIES OF THE CITIZEN. Friintiaa or a Legtl3.

On Satarday afternoon, in the Minehoster Coal Ittxch Lace, a caaference wis held cot parsons interested lathe reformof local government, with the object of ' forming a league in which local associations represent- ing the ratepaying interest under various names may be linked for united effort in this direction. Councillor Dodds (Warrington) presided, and the towns repre- sented by individual reformers or members of various societies included London, Southampton, Cheltenham, Stoke-on-Trent, No rthwich, Manchester.Salford, Bolton, Oldham, and Rochdale, Stockport and Warrington. Mr. H. Boleti Smith, the secretary, said the great thing needed in every town and district was an awaken- ing of the public spirit in connection with the public duties of the pssple. The greatest evil that had to be contended with in connection with the rapid develop- ment of local government was the apathy, and, he ought also to ?cid, the widespread ignorance of the people. An organisation such as that now suggested could, by the co-operation of different local associations affiliated, employ lecturers and adopt other means to educate the ratepayers as to what were their powers under the law. He mwed:—"That this meeting of persons working for the more efficient administration of municipal government, including representatives from various parts of the kingdom, agrees forthwith to take the necessary steps to establish a national league for the promotion of municipal reform, which shall endeavour to link together for united effort all local non-party organisations which aim at the improvement of local government, and to enlist the co-operation and support of persons who agree with the objects of the league." The resolution having been seconded, Mr. S. G. Hobson (London) said that if the organisa- tion they proposed to form was to represent the general interests of the whole nation that was a matter for the Houses of Parliament, and not for an organisation which, as he understood it, was to be utilized in the in- terests of ratepayers alone. The Chairman sag the propesed objects of their organisation were the encouragement of municipal enterprise where necessary for the public benefit, the furtherance of measures intended to improve the public health, and the education of public opinion in the best, methods of citizenship. Mr. S. Tebbutt (Southamoton) said he could have nothing to do with an association started to encourage municipal trading. He was aware that was debatable ground, and he thought they would do no good by bringing it forward now. Whatever they did, however, they must keep politics out of their organisation. Asso- ciations formed totprotect the interests of ratepayers had in numbers of cases been captured by one or other of the political parties and ran for the particular bene- fit of that party. The Chairman 'agreed that local government should b e separated from politics. Mr. S. G. Hobson admitted that the whole question was full of difficulties. He supposed all present had come there with some idea of the attitude that ought to be adopted towards these questions. One attitude had been represented by Mr. Tebbutt, and it was really an attitude of suspicion towards the general work of municipal bodies. If that was the attitude of the Con- ference, Mr. Hobson said, it would be his duty to with- draw, because he believed very strongly in developing the idea of municipal government. (Hear, hear.) He was not present to take part in what would simply be a combination of ratepayers' associations, because he thought the general policy of such associations up and down the country during the last few years had been pernicious in its influence. There was, therefore, a wide gulf between those who believed in the development of local and municipal self-government, and those who wanted to curtail what was being done by local govern- ing bodies. If the Conference ad met with the idea of co-operating in the general development of local govern- ment, he and the Fabian Society, which he represented, would be glad to aid the movement in every possible way. In the course of further discussion. _ _ _

Mr. S. Norbury Williams said he did nqt think they would be doing right if they made merely the keeping down of rates their chief object. That was one of their bases, but ;what they chiefly aimed at was purity of municipal life. They could not calculate the character of their administration by their rates. If advanced ex- penditure WAS for the good of the citizen he was for that expenditure, . because he wanted the life of the citizen to be as happy and clean as it could be made. He would rather live in a town rated at 10s. in the pound and have a good and pure life than in a town where the 'rates were 3s. or 4s. in the pound,and where the public life was at the lowest ebb. They must have more than the question of rates in view. He agreed with Mr. Hobson that they should seek the progress of municipal government. The resolution was carried. A COMMITTEE APPOINTED.

rae following ware appointed a provisiolal com- mittee, viz :—_ _

Messrs. S. Norbury Williams, Manchester; James Dodds, Warrington; H. Bodell Smith, Mottram ; A. Thompson, Openshaw ; James Howard-, Middleton; John Edwards, Liverpool; W. Pott, Glossop; Allen Clarke, 'Bolton; C. Topham, Blackpool; L. Flood, Prestwich •, J. Gaming Walters, Chorlton ; Mrs. Clark, Women's Local Government Society; and Mrs. Parkhurst, Manchester. 4 It was also resolved that membership of the League should consist of local non-party societies paying not less than lOs a year, or is a month, and of men and women paying an annual subscription of not less than 2s Gd, each affiliated society to have one vote for ?very 2s Gi, it contributed to the League funds.

OBJECPS OF TEIE LEAGUE.

The coAference considered the constitution of the League, a draft of which had been prepared. It was resolved that the name of the League should be "The 'Local Government Reform League." The objects of the League were, after much discussion, agreed upon as follows :—To link together for united efforts all local organisations which aim at the improvement of local government; to enlist the co-operation of adult men. and women who agree with the objects of the League; to bring pressure to bear on local authorities and on Parliament, for the protection of the rights of citizen- ship and for the advancement of municipal reform; to promote parity and justice in local government; to secure the abolition of . the office of alderman; • to raform abuses of rating and assessment; to secure the amendment and consolidation of municipal laws and of Public Health A cts ; to corn- , bat the associations of local government officials when public interest requires it ; to seoure an independent 'audit of the accounts of any local authority under a I clear and complete statutory form; to enforce the rate- payers' right of access to municipal accounts and minutes of councils and committees during office hours ; to I separate local government from party politics; to secure the enforcement of pains and penalties for bribery and corruption during elections; to further all I measures aimed to improve public health; to encour- age municipal enterprise whenever necessary for public benefit ; to educate public opinion ia the best methods of citizenship ; to obtain sex equality as regards voting for and election to all local governing authorities. Some other matter relating to management, meetings, , methods, &c. were referred to the Committee for con- sideration at their first meeting. In the evening, Mr. George Harwood M.P., presided over a public meeting at which addresses were given by Mr. S. Norbury Williams, Mrs. Parkhurst, and Mr. S. G.Hobson (London, the subjects dealt with being "The Office of Elective Auditor," "Women and Local Govern- ment," and "The Efficiency of Local Administration."

===== 0002601_19040319_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
THREE DAYS' CURSING.

The LAmas of Tibet held a solemn gathering last week and cursed the British expedition for three days. They then prophesied that the British forces would dwindle away by the act of Providence.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL CO.'S OBLIGA- TIONS TO WARRINGTON. CORP3RATION LOSE IN THE Gnu OF APPEAL.

THE CASE T 3 G 3 TO AR3ITRATION. The Court of Appel, composed of Lards Justices Vaughan Wtlliams, Stirling, and Cozens-Hardy, had again under coasideretion on Tuesity he appeal of the Manchester Ship Clad Company from the judgment of Mr. Justice Byrne in the action of Joseph Crostield and Sons and Others v. Tile Manchester Ship Canal Company. Tao plaintiffs were Joseph Crosdeld and Sons, Li nitei, James Fairclough and Sons, Limited, and Monks, Hill and Co., Limited, traders and menufacturers at or near Warrington, and on the banks of the river Mersey, and the Corporation of Warrington. The first three plaintiffs sued in their individual capacity, and 'on behalf of themselves and all others, the traders, manufacturers, and others carrying on business at or near Warrington. The object of the action was to enforce what were said to be the obligations undertaken by the Ship Canal Company to dredge the Mersey to a certain depth where it flows_ through Warrington. The obligations were set out in an agreement waich was embodied in an Act of Parlia- ment obtained by the Canal Company. The two ques tions at issue were whether the Canal Company had really dredged to the requisite depth—they said they had, if the measurement was taken in a proper way,— and whether any dispute must finder the Act be referred ALLEGED THEFT OF FOWL. to arbitration. Mr. Justice Byrne gave judgment against At Runcorn, on Monday, George Shaw, Ashridge-st., the Canal Company on both points. Lord Justice Vaughan. Williams, in giving judgment was charged with having stolen three fowl, value 75.6 d. on Tuesday, said the Act referred to the rights of the , the property of Thonea.s Forster. The prosecutor stated !that he kept he in a wooden erection in Brindley-st. traders, but the agreement was made by the Corporation He had twenty-two hens, and eight of them had been of Warrington. That might prove to be very important taken at various times. The three hens produced were when they came to consider whether upon a breach of safe on January 30, and the following day they were this agreemeat, confirmed by statute, affecting t the missing. Neither the lock nor the door was broken.— rights of traders and others, an action based on the The pristmer asked for a remand in order that he might breach might be bronght by the injured person, as was ti C 450 when an individual was injured by the breach prepare his defence.—A remand for a week was granted. te of a statute passed for his benefit. By clause 4 the Ship WIDNES MAGISTRATES AND THE LONG-PULL. Canal Company bound themselves to execute the dredg- Before the ordinary business of the sessions com- ing and work prescribed by the agreement; and clause meneed on Thursday morning, the Chairman (Alderman 6 gave the traders a right of navigation over certain W. W. Gossage) sildhe would like to mil the attention portions of the canal fret of charge wheaver the coin- ; of the licensees of Widnes to thefact that the licensing pany should fail to maintain the channel at a proper justices are of opinion that the long-pull must be depth. But there was this importa,ntprovisioa "Pro- abolished by all licensees, whether licensed for sale vide(' always that no such trader or manufacturer shall , " on " or " off" the premises; and, further, that the be entitled to the right if the Company immediately on standard price, viz., that set out in the licensed victual- the receipt of a written notice from the surveyor for ilers' circular, should be adopted by all licensees. The the time being of the Corporation certifying the fact police will, no doubt, cause inquiries to be made from of such obstructions commence to dredge orcontinue time to time whether licensees are complyingwith these to dredge to the reasonable satisfaction of the cur- I recommendations, which will come into operation on veyor." The right of the traders collectively to a : April sth next. declaration of right whether under the Act of 1885 or ' under the statutory agreement of 1896 he would con- ALLEGED ATTEMFTED SUICIDE—THREE EFFORTS. sider later on. Coming to the preliminary point of At Widnes, on Monday, Arthur Imison, a wall-known objection which had been raised by Mr. Cripps as to ;Widnes youth, of no fixed residence, was charged with the jurisdiction of the Court having been 'ousted, his ' attempting to commit suicide by hanging himself in Lordship said the Corporation of Warrington were a lavatory at the Alexandra Hotel. At 6.45 on Satur- obviously deemed to be sufficient guardians of public day he left the bar and went into the lavatory, where , interests to entrust them with such modification of the he was found with his neck tied round with a handker- section of the Act as received the sanction of the Car- I chief fastened to the pipe of a cistern. He was taken porationand the Ship Canal Company. The Corporation down, and he then remonstrated with the manager for and the Canal Company were the only parties to the not letting him" finish the job." He left these premises agreement, and it seemed to him to follow that it was I and went up into the flies at the Alexandra Theatre,and was caught in the act of placing a rope round his neck, impossible for the traders to sue on the agreement qica agreement. The rights of the traders seemed to fall He was got out of the Theatre safely, and a man follow- within the words a Lord Watson in Davis v. the Taff ing him to see that he did no harm took a small phial Vale Railway Company. In that case, after., point_ containing poison from him. The prisoner who looked ing out that in eases where the provisions of a exceedingly worried in the dock, was ordered to Walton local and personal Act imposed mutual oblige- I Gaol for one week to be medically examined. Mons upon two persons or companies, such A RUNCORN SOLDIER'S RETIRENIENT. provisions might be fairly considered as having analogy I Sergeant Callaghan. of Runcorn, who has just retired to contract, and must as between those parties be con- I on pension aftercompleting 40 years' continuous service strued in precisely the same way as if they had been with the army, is the oldest soldier in point of service, matter not of enactment but of private agreement. It if not in years. His father was a soldier before him, appeared to him that if in the present case they were , in the 22nd Regiment, now known as the 2nd Cheshire, to regard the scheduled contract as a mere contract and served through the Scinde campaign in India with between the parties to it, the traders could not sue upon Sir Charles Napier. He was present at the celebrated such a contract. If, on the other hand, they had to ; defence of the Residency of Hyderabad, when 300 regard the Act of tgete, or the Act of 1835 as operating British soldiers kept at bay 10,000 of the warlike tribe of as a direct enactment of the Legislature in favour of Belooches. He was madeasergeantandreceiveda, medal. the traders, neither the traders nor the Company could 1 Sergeant Callaghan enlisted as a drummer boy in hie get rid of such a direct enactment by waiver or other- father's regimentat Parkhurst, Isle of Wright, on Feb- wise unless on a true construction of the Act the &ma- ruary 29th, 1861, when he was 12 years of age, and fit- ments appeared to have been passed merely for the teen months later he was drafted with the regiment to benefit of such persons and not in the interests of the !Mauritius. Returning to England in 1867. he NVAS sta- public. I tioned at Newcastle-on-Tyne for six years, and then. The outcomeOf these considerations, Lord Justice spent eight years in the East Indies, where he took part, Vaughan Williams went on to say, was that he was of lin some long marches, and was promoted corporal and opinion that the preliminary objection—that the juris- then sergeant. In 1882 he joined the staff of the 4th diction of the court was ousted by thearbitration clause Battalion Militia at Macclesfield ; in 1887 ha was trans- -ought to be allowed in respect of the whole action. I ferred to the 3rd Battalion Cheshire Regimentat Chester There had long been differences between the Canal Com- I and from 1889 to 1895 he was drill instructorat Lymm. pany and the Corporation as to maintaining the channel ' In 1895 he was transferred to the 2nd Cheshires at Run- of the Mersey, and the determination of that question I corn, where he has since remained. He possesses a long must go to arbitration before any action based on the ;service and good conduct medal, presented to him as statute could be brought. He thought that no action Ilong ago as 1884. could be brought by the Corporation based on the agree- ' ment (inn agreement. The action of the traders claiming collectively a declaration of right failed for the same reasons which he had given in regard to the action of the Corporation making similar claims. The claim of individual traders for retuon of tolls had failed because it was essential to the maintenance of this claim that default by the Canal Company should be proved. That could not be done until the standard of duty had been determined by the statutory arbitrator, which had not yet been done. He thought that the arbitration clause in section 83 of the Act of 1885 and clause 10 of the agreement prevented traders in their Individual capacity from proving any default by the Cane' Company; but even if that were not so he should be inclined to hold that, as regarded the individual traders, jurisdiction was ousted by section 20 of the Act of 1885. If their action failed merely because something essential to their case failed to be decided by arbitration, he thought the action might be stayed and not dismissed. In his judgment, the appeal ought to be allowed. Lord Justice Stirling concurred. Lord Justice Cozens-Hardy, while concurring on some points with the other judges, differed from them upon some others. He said it was necessary to consider the action of the Corporation separately from the case of the traders. He could not regard section 88 as a mere agreement between the Canal Company and the Corpora- tion; he thought it was an enactment conferring rights upon a particular class of traders, manufacturers, and others, and that being so, itseemed to him that section 88 mast confer rights to be dealt with or enforced in the manner prescribed by section 22. He sereed that the objection which had been raised as to the Corpora- tion was damning, but it appeared to him that it would be wrong to postpone the adjudication of the claims of the traders until after the award of a reference to which they would be no parties. He could not agree that the jurisdiction of the Court was Ousted.

"My wife too has had a haapy exprience with this msdicine. She was a great sufferer from pains between her shoulders and across the loins. If she caught the least cold it would settle in her back, and she would be bad for days. Dodd's Kidney Pills have com2letely cured her."

The objection was therefore allowed by a -majority of two to one.

Mr. Bousaeld (for the plaintiffs) asked what order their lordships would make? Lord Justice Williams said they thought that so far as the Corporation was miner:led the action ought to be dismissed, and as to the action of the traders col- lotively there would be a stay until further order. Mr.Boustield: Then as to the gcosts of this appeal? Lord Justice Williams: You must pay the costs of the appeal.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Manchester City Council ani the Judgment, Alderman Southern's Criticism of the Plaintiffs.

The Manchester City Council held an adjourned meet- ing on Wednesday at the Town Hall. The Lord Mayor (Mr. T. T. Shaun) presided. Mr. Alderman Southern proposed the adoption of the report of the Special Committee re; the Ship Canal. He desired, he said, to congratulate the Council upon the result of the ease heard on Tuesday in the Appeal Court.--tHea.r, hear.) It was a very important matter to the city, which 'ma!, so largely interested financially in the canal, that the judgment had been given in the form it had. The' Company were bound by law to maintain a channel through the whole length of the borough of Warrington which should be at all times "at a width of fifty feet and a depth of eight feet below the level of the lowest spring tides. Anyone acquainted with the estuary of the Mersey and of the rivers that ran into it would recognise at once what an enormous responsibility that was, because they might have a channel on one day at its full capacity and there might arise a north-westerly gale and in a few hours thousands of tons of send might be brought up and deposited in the channel which had been dredged at the expense of the Company. On the other hand, there Might be floods which would cause a similar silting up of the waterway. To say, there- fore, that the Company should "at all titans" maintain these conditions was to set them a very heavy task. The conditions asked them to overcome the forces of nature, which it was not within human power to do. That had been pointed out to the plaintiffs in the action. The Company had said they had done all they could by dredging, but that the channel could never be kept clear by that process alone. If, however, lock gates were placed at the end of the estuary, what Warrington wanted could be accomplished "at all times." To give that security would cost over £BO,OOO, and the Canal Company were prepared to spend that money in order to provide an efficient remedy. That was as far as any reasonable men could go, unless they admitted the judgment of Mr. Justice Byrne, which was a strictly legal judgment, mad accepted the words" at all times." What the plaintiffs ought first to have done was to have sent, not for a lawyer,but for an engineer,to judge as to-whether the Canal Company were doing their duty. Lord Justice Vaughan Williams allowed the appeal. Instead of going to an expert engineer for an opinion on the point, the plaintiffs had treasured up all com- plaints there might have been when a barge could not get up for want of a foot of water, and had asked for damages for all that might have happened during a long period, Lord Justice Vaughan Williams recognised that that was not a just proposition, and therefore the appeal was allowed, with the costs of the expensive litigation, which ran for about eleven days in the lower courts.

Mr. Alderman Vaudrey seconded the motion, which was passed.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RETIREMENT OF A. RUNCORN COUNCILLOR. On Saturday,it was intimated that Mr. John M'lntyre, of Great Badworth, for forty years uninterruptedly a member of Runcorn Rural Cluncil. and guardian, has tendered his resiznation. Mr. M'lntyre represented Budworth district, and from 1891 until six years ago was chairman of the Rural Council.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CDRDER SPEAKS.

Mr. S. B. Carder, Brook Street, Little Dunmow,Esaex, makes the following statement. "Last November I was laid up with pains in my back and side. If I stooped I could not get straight again, for when I attempted to raise myself it seemed as if my back was comin,g in two. I could not sleep at night and in the morning I was so tired and weary that I was not fit for anything. I had advice, and tried all kinds of remedies, but they did me no good. I began taking Dodd's Kidney Pills and they have done wonders for me or they have completely cured me. I have not had a pain or ache in my back since I finished the treatment; I feel liken new man.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

THE Sr. HELENS LOVE TRAGEDY.

Leopold Bennison, the young St. Helens man who last week attempted to cut the throat of Kate Grady, his sweetheart, and then almost took away his own life, by means of a razor, is fast recovering from his injuries. Miss Grady's wounds are now in a perfectly satisfac- tory state, and she will be discharged from the Provi— dence Hospital soon..Bennison will probably be brought. before the magistrates next Tuesday.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Backl2y-street P.S.A.

Members of this society mustered in strong force a '• the half-yearly distribution of prizes, which took place at Buckley-street Methodist Free Church on. Sunday. Councillor Dodds Presided. Prayer was offered by Mr. H. Woolley, and Mr. Shaw read the- lesson. Mr. F. Warburton efficiently rendered the solos "There is a green. hill" and "0, rest in the Lord." Miss Plinston was the accompanist. The prizes were distributed by Mrs. Dodds and Mrs. Clay. The society again boasts of an increase of members at the beginning of another half-year: The Chairman said he was glad once more to wish them God-speed in the good work they were doing in the town. He was proud or having the honour of being on the same platform as Mrs. Clay, for whom he had the highest regard. He thanked her for taking up pul?lic work in the town. There was room for ladies on the 'Fawn 'Council. It was a disgrace to Warrington that they had not two ladies on the Education Committee. If he held the same position in the future he should' see that ladies were put on. Referring to the church, Councillor Dodds said he was glad to see it so nicely decorated, and it was a credit to them. They had shown the perseverance of a spider, and like the ant they had provided for the future, and best of all they I had fixed themselves upon the Rock of Ages.

CELDREN Gnaw STRONG

. •

===== 0002601_19040319_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
akw-gpm s.•a lglL'lb, a a

r,) 3 COCOA V 9 L ; bemuse it is a perfect Natural 4 n ' i Food of absolute purity, and 1-1 ministers to the physical ~,!,3 1-zu.irements of the young ' in an eminent degree. It j contains all the essentials 't of strength and stamina, is V. easy of digestion, and does q splendid work in the building ); id .3, up of the constitution.

The Medical Magazine says: "We are glad to give it the highest praise. For Strength, Purity, and Nourishment there is nothing superior to be fund.

H.; t..). wik ;.t: , , . , Pg.. 1.11';',, .-...;', 14.% .7-A • ~,, ~ , '.' ' zo 4 '.' ft. 4 ..5.,,k- -z..4...., ,-..,;,;', Pi , .., Iv; "4.1' P,' Ek,,P, ° '' v,P, (1: A ,e,., ~.;,, .... fa N-. 4 t . , . ~,, 4,„,„ ~q, . g... 4 ..., . . .. . . . .

===== 0002601_19040319_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe "(o;:amtner ;routes

===== 0002601_19040319_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
rig WARRINGTON AND MID-CHREHIER Ets.snisca." published every daturcle.— morning.

Tag 4'g&FtLiC3TOW4 Lfi'D isTI4VIrTON published every Friday afternoon. rag "ST. LIELR:gs ExinturfEa,' published every -L Friday afternoon. T" " RUNCORN Exininsma,"l.published every Friday afternoon.

THE IDIsTRO EXINEIVRIA," published every Friday afternoon.

3E' It EP AID ADVERTISENIENT A.P kET3MiTEI WANTED HOUSES: WA.NTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO NE SOLD

A.RTICLES LOST ARTICLE 3 FUND

MISCELLANE 'WS WANTS MISCELLANEOUS SALES

One Week.

Three

Weeks.

Weeks.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Words.

18 27 38 45 54

===== 0002601_19040319_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
T 3 antestir Rperbants, etc

WA.NTED, Housemaid, Nursemaid and a General; good character required.—GßAMMAß ScHooL, Sale.

WANT RD. good GENERAL SERVANT. —Apply, MERCHANT HoTEL, Damen ot., Blackburn.

/VANAIDBODy, 70.. d Zll7gr'H33l3llYVßaNns,.ll4omeh,llystiat.our.

WANTHD HIMP FOR FARM HOUSR.OIe to wach and iron.—Apply to Mrs. Thom ks.ollye Farm. Wallasey.

\eV ANTHD STRONG GIHL, 15 or 16 for Housework; TV reference. —Mr4. Brook, 6, Upper George st., Tyldeßley.

WANVIL) good GNS Et RAL,able to wash and do plAin cook ing;referenees required.-Apply WALLBA.NIE FanM,Sale.

IVANTBD a good reliable tiERVANT GIRL; Rood home. —Mrs. BBIERLEY, Palatine Terrale. Bagalate,Rochdale.

liiVANTHO, a good GenPrat SHRVAST ; good home.— Mn. MABGEHlsoN,Langdale House. Fulwood. Preston.

VtiANTHD a Good GHNIMAL. No washing and no young children.—Apply Mrs. SYlCEs,l7,ll4lfour rd.,Southport

WANVIL.). GliNiCki.e.L. about 18; fond of children; references required.—Apply Mn. Rousn, 65. Grey et., Stalybridge.

WANTRD. MINIMAL SKIIVANT. one able to do small wash. Bce.—Apply Mrs.ll.l.aßis. Cycle Depot. Grange road. West Kirby.

WANTBD a respectable YOUNG WOMAN, for farm- hous3. —Apply 'tERnY, Sheep Hoy Farm, Rams- bottom, Lancaehire.

WA.NTRD good WAN tiliAL, 3 children, youngest 9 years, good home.—Mrs. CARIWRIGHT, )Casty'lle, Hasling- den, near Manchester.

WANTIID. a good HOUSHMAID-EIHNBRA.L, cook kept; age 23 —Apply to the MATRON, the Cottage Hospital, Llandudno.

WANTHO GHICHIML, able to do plain cooking. also houserniirl for doctor's house.—Apply MRS. EitMER, The Square, Tyldesley.

WAN CHID Smart GUM, about 17. for housework ; good born. ; reference required.-39, SCHOOL LAN H,fieaton Chapel, near Stockport.

WANTIGD General Sit/WANT. good wages ; help given; good references indispensable—Apply VENTNoR Marsland rd., Brooklands.

Cooli and HOUSHMAlD:together family 3, Cook general girls and Housemaids wanted.—Mns. CLARKE'S Registry, Bdgeley, Stockport.

WASTED, young GENERAL SERVA.NT, in a smal family; good bome.—Apply, Mrs. GICIATIIORP Myrtle Bank, Grimeargb, Preston.

- WAl;l3,Tit:il?t,easeevie.vraalnjsonaLCaOwoaKge-G. BNetlialit:Lpttaineudiaorter e.h Mts. DEAN, Al, Talbot road, Blackpool.

WANTHD, 313 Cook-Generals. Housemaid-Waitresses Rio to £36; also 20 Generals 73.—Mrs. PRESTON'S REGISTRY, Charles-street, Blackpool.

BLACKPOOL and District Hotel Agency, want several experienced Hotel Servants for Easter season and permanent.—Apply 31, TALBor ROAD, Blackpool..

CIOOK-GBNBRA.I.S, Kitchenmaids, and Generals Wanted; kj Rood references indispensable. MRS. FARNWORTH, 60. Bark street. Bolton, Lancashire. Stamp for reply.

NvANTED COOK-GHNBRALS, Housemaids, ordinary Generals, clisenvaged experienced cooks; good wages given.—BURGESS, 22, Wellington road, N. Stockport,

WANTED immediately GENERAL ; small family ; Rood character necessary ; state wage.—Apply Mrs. NIGHT- INGALE, Sunny Bank, 128, sfanchester rd., Accrington.

WANTEID, a respectable GIRL, about 16, for Housework; four in family; no young children; a good home; reference required,—Apply SIEECn, 41, Bsrker at., Oldham.

vyANTIM at once. a good strong KITCHBN-GBNERAL. age from 13 to r. Good Character. Unglish preferred, VICTORIA PRIVATE HOTEL AND ICE3TIYARANT, Colwyn Bay.

'VrANTBD Respen'able Young WOMAN about 30 yenrs of V age as servant in Catholic family ; fond of children ; good home; wages £l4. Mrs.SmiTH,73,Nuttall st.,Acerington.

ALL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or town,public and private.—Call or write Miss Hsnaremes (only office), 6,oldham street. Manchester. Established 1862.

WANTED GENERAL able to wash; also Young Girl to train as Housemaid, must be strong; reference; required. Apply Miss FEARENSIDE, 589, Stretford road, Manchester.

WANTRD Immediately for psrty from Nottingham a DAIRY FARA with Milk Round attached; not particular to price if gannine.—kpplv Mssox.Dairy Farmers Transfer Agent, Market et. Manchester.

ALL CLASSES OF SITUATIONS, private and public, good homes. excellent wages ; places in town,country. and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street. Manchester.

COOKS WANTED £2O to £24. Housemaid Waitress £lB to £22. Generals £lB to £2O. Girls Ela, excellent places. No connection with any other office. —Write to HARRISON'S 6, Oldham street, Manchester.

Tll}{l i /UM FERRY HIGH-CLaSS A(4llriCY, 13 Hanle- )._ nade, Now Ferry. requires several good 000K-WM- BRA.L9, Housemaids and Housemaid Waitresses, 30 Gen- erals good ; all must have Rood characters.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
tr,o be ?Let.

OFFICES MARKET STREET. PENKETII.--Cottaties tts Oct., 38. 94. mid Se. 84. DPT week 27, ONTHERINE 'TRIVET, 6 Rooms 48. 34. per week.

631 CATHBRINH STHRBT, 4s. per week. FA.CITORY LA.NB, Bank Quay. LOCK-UP SHOP. 2s. 6d.,

_ ner week, _ PENKRTH.— GOOD HOUSES WITH GARDENS, 3s. 9i. per week, also Atages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. WARRINGTON.—Large SHOP in principal positions in main streets, Rents (J(/ £l5O, £lO3 and £9O a year 143. KNUTSFORD ROAD GOOD HOUSE, 4 Bedrooms, £l4 a year. Apply ROBERT LowE, Estate Agent,No. I Bank-stroet War, rington. Telephone—No 55.

rrO LBT, 16, FOLLY L WOODS AND Sort Solicitor s, Horsemark et street. Warrington.

LBT, COTTAGB, Smith et, Walton Inferior; rent 4s. 3d. per week.—Apply 0. MOUNFIELD, 53, Lovely lane, Warrington.

ONDON 'and North-Western Hotel, Runcorn. TO BE LET; reasonable terms; Ingoing valuation.—Apply GREEITALL & Co , Wildersponl Wevrery, Warrington.

TO BUILDERS.—Lind to las let for ha ildin purposes in and arlj-iningThelwall Old road,Litch for and near 'ruts terminus and new works. IF3r plans and urthet particulirs apply to Messrs. ROBERT DAVIES Co., olioltors, W arrington.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
jilarbiaern, etc.

fIORNISH BOILER, 12 by 5, three tubes; all fittings' ir.sure 50. FARRow, broker, Ashton Rd., Oidbam.

FIRR WOOD MAO I-lINRRY, for sale, or rental, new or second hand, for hind or power, Particulars from BARROW), engineers, Iteicester.

UNCHNISS.—Gas, Oil, and Steam Dynamos, El. Motors, Castings (brass. iron, etc.). Machinery. List, 2d.— HOOKER 8: HARRIS, Retreat Place, Hackney, London.

GARDNISR GAS AND DIL lINGINIIS show highest economy and give no trouble, From fr to 50 Horse Pow"; Lathes and 31%chine Tools of all kinds. Works fitted comp -te.—GesnsEs DEPOT. Cleveland square, Liverpool

"DA PENT orrion. ANCHEdTIiii Pgrrlßtras ED IN 1835. Messrs. GEIOIOIII DAVIES & SON have haJ more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Estabtleb- went and possess praeticalknowledge of the cotton,wooller and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," price fid. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price is. CiBORGB DAVIES, C.L, & 80N, P.1.P.A., M.S.A 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS. LINER HD (late Ormerod, LJ Grierson and Co.), Hu!me. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLBIX PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchased all Wheel, Pr'!ey and Tooth Block Patterns lc., telooglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London-road iron Works, MancbeJter, an, are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and ;al! Wig of Engineering Work promptly.---Catalogues of Wheels and Vulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address; Ormerod rierson, .Manchester."

poultry, eggs, dr.

BARRHD ROOKS. White Langshans, Buff Orpingtons ; 3s. per sitting.--SEED, 16, Cleveland rd., Lytham.

I3LACK MINORCA EGGS ; Cook's strain. splendid layers. Sittings of 13 for 35.—RoPER, Grove lane. Timperley.

TV G. sunlight and lifebuoy wrappers, pet dozen G. Wardle, 80 Mill rovi, Cambriige.

QTAMPs.—OId linglish, Colonial, and Foreign bought.— MILE, 24 Greyhound lane, Streatham. S W.

T AD WANTBD for farm, ab,e to milk ; live in.—WILTZsM 1.4 ALCoCK, Moss Bank. Windle near St. Helens.

AGENTS Wanted for shopkeepers ; smart; profitable ri penny Iines.—STRATFORD CHEMICAL CO., LOO.IOII. E.

F YOU WANT A CYCLE an..l have plenty of friends you oan be my agent.—SlrooE. Hoveringha,n, Nottimtharn.

SPECIAL facilities for PRINTING all kinds of EDUCATIONAL WORKS. EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

AY. —ALDERson BROTHERS. Direct Importers, 25. Brasenose road, Liverpool.

CRTIAP PRINTING —IO,COO handbills, 108.— Win AND Co., Bridge road, Battersea.

TOROFITABLB Turf information daily, six messages, 108. P.o.—BRowx, 8 Upeerne road, Loudon, S.W.

-VORBIGN STAMPS wanted, in large or small collections J. for Cash.—KvseirroN, Hope House, Liverpool.

QWANSBA and NANTGARW China and Cambrian Ware 0 wanted.—ALEX. DUNCAN, Glenholene, Penarth.

AbTIIMA Inetantly Relieved by Purley's Remedy; packets 7d. post free, —FURLEY, West Drayton, Middlesex.

PUBLICANS' Hydrometers, with written instructions reducing epirlte,64.—BesTow,4l,Beech et., London,E.O.

BUY, Sell, or Exchange anything,3 months' advertisement 15 worda,sd.--9.3trra's Circular, Boscombo,Bournemoutb.

PRINTKD BAGS.-31s. cwt.; splendid quality; cash with order —NEwmavEN PRINTING Co., Newhaven, dussex

VEGETABLE SRBDS. 5s WORTH FOR A SHILLING. 2D. PACKEir each Onion, Lettuce, Carrot, Turnip, Beet, Cress, Mustard, Parsley, Radish ; 31. Packet Sprouts Cabbage. Favoy, Spinach ; 6d. Parket atuliflowar, vpg, Marrow, Broccoli, 1 pint Early, Main Crop, and late Peas and Runner Beans. The 29 packets post tree Is. tltd, All New Seed. GIANT JAPANRsR_ LI LI S. . -

_ Auratuai, Tigrinum. Itubrum, Lanofo tum ; Longeflorum ; splendid bulb, ; one of each, post free, Is. 41d.; 5 of each, tia. 3d. 'Darling of the Gods,' new lily just introduced, la. eich. _ _

===== 0002601_19040319_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
A FLOWER GARDHN !9R Is.

52 Penny Packets of Choice Garden Seed. All different.. Post free, ls. lid. 24 Packets sent post free for 70. JAPANESE FERN BALLS.

3 assorted, 2s. -6.T.-;—o-r: Emeh, post tree. EXHIBITION BRGONIAS. 6 Roots (different coloars) post free, 1,- IMPERIAL SUPPLY STORE 3,

3 and 4 Crampton Ei—tie-ei, -Newington Butte, London, 8.11.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, March 19 , 1904.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIIICTORIAL POSTCARDS, ilid. dozeu ; sample free. 1. DAVEY. Embankment rd. Plymouth.

PRINTING.-250 Memos, Pinheads, or Cards, 2s. 3d. samples free —RYLEY, Printer, Wlmbourne.

QADDLIARS' ,UPHOLSTHRICHS MONHYMAKHH.—LittIe kJ Demon Hair Teaser.—Sou'rEn, Foundry, Wien.

IN SAL& two FUILNI rum; VANS. light (Thar-a-Bancond a Waggonette (to carry 10).-70 Hlizabeth at., Blackpool

rt IG HA.RNBSS. Full size 2426 81. Cob sizes £3 15s. ki Pony size £3 6s. Cab or business cart harness £4 10s. Strong van harness £l. Farmers strong cart harness 23105. All the above are hand made in nur own factories. Heavy cart saddles and breeching' el, Cart bellybands 3s 6d. Plough pads 25., 2i inches British Government Inackbamis and tugs 108 6d. Cart collars be Reel hames with hooks Is 6d per pair. Black waterproof cart cover 6ft 6in. by 61t 6in. 41 6d. Men's brown leather British Government navy belts 6d. All goods sent on approval. Illustrated catalogue post free on application to JARDINE, contractor to H. M. Government, Nottingham.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

INVALUABLE FOR

OUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA

AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS.

This ohi and tried [remedy has stood the test ;of two generations.

REFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUT E the : t ORIGINAL can be had of ALL CHEMISTS iflyon lacetcepittzan be ;Le 9inta ttlhoant you are notweak enough:to .

COLLIS BROWNE IS :THE NAME::

ls. lia,, 23.1 d. ,48. 6a.1 THE PRICEB.

PROGRAMMES FOR FETES,

PROGRAMMES FOR BAZARS.

PROGRAMMES FOB SALES:OF WORK, JOHN WALK= & CO.,

===== 0002601_19040319_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
;Motor Card, eptle6,_tte.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

MARCH 19, 1904

T h e Government

THE PLIGHT OF have decided that on THE GOVERNMENT. the whole they have nothing to gain by ap- pointing a Royal Commission to inquire into the condition of trade. Lord LA.NSD )w.)rE remarked with quaint simplicity that such an inquiry was not necessary with statesmen who were committed to the policy of retaliation. It is not necessary with them because the probability is that it would strengthen the cage for Free Trade. Lord GOSCHEN seemed to favour the idea of a Commis- sion. He cherished the hope apparently that it would have the effect of persuading Mr. BALFOUR and Mr. CHAMBERLAIN to give up a wild goose chase and to prevent the disruption of Clair party It is too late, for Mr. CHAMBERLAIN is on his way back from Egypt to complete the disruption. Mr. BALFOUR is wedded to the Sheffield pro- gramme, which, as Lord LANSDDWNE frankly confessed, cannot be explained. iHow Retalia- tion can be worked is a secret not to be wrung from Ministers, who do not know it them- selves. Very little enthusiasm for a Royal Com- mission was visible on the Opposition side in the Lords' debate. The case against Protection has been stated with such overwhelming force in the last six months that a Royal Commission,a;though it would consolidate the evidence, could scarcely tell us anything very new. Meantime the country is steadily averting its face from Protection. Many of the election expert 3 on the Unionist-, side are already counting the Liberal majority. They think it may exceed the forces of Unionists and Nationalists taken together, but they prel3r to forecast a situation of which Mr. JOHN REDMOND will be master. It also cheers them to surmise that Lord ROSEBERY will not work harmoniously with the Radical wing of the Liberal party, and that the Unionist Free Trader will not vote for any amendment of the Education Act.

The debate of the House of Commons on the administration of the Education Act is one of many signs that some compromise will be found inevitable. The principle of public control over schools maintained out of public money cannot be withstood for an indefinite period. It is so fatally inconsistent with the tradition of all public administration to put the ratepayers:in a minority on boards of management of schools, every penny of whose cost comes from public funds. Many Churchmen are already of opinion that by admitting any representatives of the ratepayers into the management of voluntary schools the Government practically gave up their case. It is quite easy in criticising Lord RO3EBERY'S speech at Newc istle to foreshadow the difficulties of a Liberal Ministry, but the critics ignore the fact that the difficulties of their own party are insurmountable. They have indeed reached such a pass that organised administram tion in every department is all out of gear. No support can be grasped with vigour and concen- tration because there is no unity of mind in the reconstructed Cabinet. Mr. BALFOUR hoped to make a favourable impression on the country b military reforms, but it is seen that these are baulked by the obstinacy of those members of the Ministry upon whose blunders the proposed re- forms are's severe censure. This state of things increases the public impatience for a change of Government. After nine years of office Mr. BALrouR. and his colleagues are at thelend of their resources. Lord ROSEBERY simply expressed a widespread belief when he said that fresh minds needed to carry on the Government. That ie most obvious by every day's procedure in both Houses of Parliament.

The elections for the Board of Gu iriians and Rural District Council are only going to involve a couple of contests in this district. We are not sure whether this is a feature on which the town may congratulate itself or not. Certainly the rate- payers are saved some expense, but the state of things which exists does not indicate a great amountof public interest in these bodies. At Black- burn,for an instance to the contrary,every Ward is being contested in the Guardians' etection,there being 52 candidates in the field for 26 seats. The only contested seat on the Warrington Board is in Latchford Ward,where Miss Broadbent opposos the retiring representative, Mr. George Pilling. On the front page will be found an adver6isernent of the lady candidate's address, wherein ay.i think she makes out a very good case for women having a share in the administration of the Pour Laws. In Orford Ward Mrs. Wilkinson has been returned unopposed, so that MIA. Clay is assured of some assistanca and companionship in the arduous labours she has for so long undertaken single- handedly. In Groat Sankey Mr. George Thompson is the formidable opoonentof Mr. Thomas Halton, the retiring chairman of the Raral District Council. Both possess a record of useful public work and it is a pity, we think, that'each gentleman cannot be returned to serve the rural ratenaprs. Tne contests take plac.) on Alonday the 23;:h inst.

rly new. ee 235,

ngvmare ).21 eaarier ,Burnley

,Clipper or easy

our r 6 3d. each; hours). lloaasat

electric artillerr ablve 6 1 fitting ring. Is I basket, willing to •.—Town 's Bush. iilchester

d for tion,

SUB- SON is

rnment

hat on

y have by ap- nto the

marked ry was itnitted

cessary that it P. Lord ommis- that it

===== 0002601_19040319_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ILFOUR

r party

ais way )n. 31r. I pro- frankly Rotalia-

il Corn- in the

ion has

in the ;though icarcely

30MATY . Many

ide are

sts and

ef9r to

IDMOND

===== 0002601_19040319_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
urmise

niously

by, and rote for

on the

one of

found •01. over

cannot

i 3 so 11 public iinority 7 penny

Many lat by epayer s 31s the It is

speech lties of

ignore

ir own

indeed

inistra-. ar. No

colleen-

in the

op'ed to 'try b

===== 0002601_19040319_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
ese are

3 of the

>sed re-

mge of 3e Mr. of their

essed a

7hat is

ti both

as and involve are not ie town le rate- 3tate of

1, great Black- y Ward in,there The pard is )ppoSaS Pilling. meat ot ink she

aving a ws. In )turned f some irdnousingle- )mpson aalton, District public itleman payers. th inst .

Another stage has been reached in the long sdrawn-out battle between the traders and the Cor- poration of Warrington on the one hand, and the Manchester Ship Canal Company on the other, 'by the decision which was given in the Court of -Appeal on Tuesday. The decision is far from satis- factory and the Corporation come out of the legal fray the worst of all. This latest judicial decision lays it down that the Corporation have no ground of action, but that they are bound by the arbitra- tion clause in the agreement with the Ship Canal 'Company which states that all disputes arising .shall be settled by reference to arbitration. The local traders are in a still more anomalous Position. Whilst the judges agreed that they had a right of action, the Court of Appeal holds that the traders are not in a position to exercise that right until the Corporation has proceeded to arbitration and obtained the award of the arbitra- tor. It therefore follows that there are two •ourses open to the plaintiffs in the recent action. :rbey must begin de novo with arbitration proceed- ings or appeal to the House of Lords for a reversal of the decision of the Court of Appeal. The mem- bers of the Corporation have now to choose between these two alternatives. Either of them Will be costly, and will mean a considerable addi- tion to the heavy bill of costs which stands against the Corporation. The probability is that the Corporation will fight to the bitter end and appeal to the Lords.

The Liberals of Stockton Heath are rapidly arming themselves for the fray which is expected at no distant date. and on Thursday they again had the pleasure of listening to a brief but thon,ht- ful address on current politics by Mr. A. J. King, the popular prospective candidate. Knutsford Division has long been regarded as a Tory Gibraltat," but at the present moment the pros- p.ects of the party of progress and reform are par- ticularly cheering. Mr. King is meeting with every encouragement in his efforts to convince the elec- tors of the necessity for a change in their represen- tation, and his exposure of Protectionist fallacies and Governmental ineptitude will, Undoubtedly very materially influence the Voting when the trial of strength comes. It is significant of the trend of opinion, that, in the recent County Council election at Knutsford, the Hon. Alan de Tatton Egerton, M.P., was defeated by a substantial majority. It must have been a rude shock to the member and his supporters to find that after all their stronghold was not impregnable. Liberals have every reason to look forward to a triumph at the general election, and it is gratifying to find that such energy is being thrown into the work of organization at this end of the big constituency.

We do not question the fact that there is a con- siderable amount of distress in the town or that there is a large number of unemployed, but we do marvel at one or two recent happenings. On Saturday the Warrington football team journeyed to Swinton to play a cup-tie, and they were sup- Ported by some 1500 Warrington enthusiasts, mostly workingmen, none of whom could make the railway journey, see the match, and pay in- cidental charges for a less expenditure than 4s. Therefore there was a good £3OO taken out of the town on Saturday On Wednesday the same teams m3t again at Warrington, the first game having resulted in a draw, and between 6,000 and 7,000 people assembled at Widerspool at 4.30 in the afternoon. The gate-money realised £l6l and again the workingman had shown himself pos- sessed of the wherewithal to see a football match. We do not argue from this that the dis- tress is not so severe as it is represented to be, but we may fairly deduce that workingmen in Warrington are not without spare cash. Some of their more unfortunate brethren may be on the verge of starvation, but the fact that so many can afford to spend 4s. to ss. on football in the course of a few days throws a little light on the state of employment locally. There is some satisfaction in reflecting that to-day the Wiganers will probably 'lug more money into the town than was taken out last Saturday.

The attendance st the Meeting held to protest against any interference with the discretionary Power of the magistrates with regard to licensing, tIISEI disappointing. Not more than 15,0 people • "ought it worth their while to display any active ,interest in this important subject. Warrington la One of the most difficult towns in the kingdom to arouse to any degree of enthusiasm on. public ,affairs, especially when "the trade" is affected. he ramifications of this particular industry in warringson a-c so widespread that there seems to be a general disposition to sit still and Say" nuffin." It is quite true that the Govern- ment's Licensing Bill is not yet before the country, but we have heard enough from the Prime Minister to make us fear for the worst, and it is high time the public showed their resentment at any attempt to interfere with the discretionary Power of the magistrates. So far as Warrington is concerned the trade" has no reasonable

ground for complaint against the magistrates in administering the licensing laws; if anything the licensing committee has erred on the side of leniency to the brewers and publicans. There has been no wholesale reduction of licences, and the steadily increasing population has tended to enhance the value of every existing licensed house. On the other hand what has been the attitude of " the trade" towards the Bench P A. solemn promise was given some years ago that the " long pull" would be discontinued, but the Chairman of the Licensing Committee is com- plaining that he has good reason to believe that the practice is still in existence- To reduce the Powers of the magistrates would make them im- Potent in protecting the interests of the public,and We hope such a retrograde step will be firmly -opposed.

We commend to the notice of that large body of Our readers who are interested in the temperance movement, Mr. Henry Whitham's article on page 6, entitled "Found Drunk." Mr. Whitham has always been a keenly observant man, possessing at. the same time the capacity for turning the result of his observation to practical use. Very few men *°art have obtained a closer insight into the lives Of the workers of England and America than he has during his long experience on both idea of the Atlantic, and his views there- fore on the great national :evil of drunkenness merit thoughtful consideration. Christianity per ae Ye bluntly dubs a failure as a cure for the vice of intemperance, but unlike many critics be gives a -Practical suggestion for the lessening of the vice I.,l3deplores. Mr. Whitham boldly tilts at thoae riendly Societies and Trades Union Branches "Inch hold their meetings at the public house,and lu our opinion he has "touched the spotOr " one spot at least. There can be no questioning the harmful possibilities of this Very general practice on the part of the "30oleties named, and Mr. Whitham puts the caso in a nutshell. "If you want to do something Practical," he says "remove the Labour Union and the Friendly Societies' Lodge from the public- and its environments." These associations 'cis°. remove themselves if they like. Will they o soP The Trades Council has long since set a good example locally, but the Friendly Societies .sro .distinctly backward. There is excellent oppor- qlnity here for temperance workers both within and 'without the various Societies.

" A married lady (29), who is muck alone, har Ihusband being most of the year abroad, would like :12 meet with someone who, like herself is fond of 1 ""eatres, concerts, and going about generally." S) • Pine the advertisement, in % London paper I This at least, has original ideas for the solution of opcasional problem" How to be happy though ,Parried." We should hardly imagine that tri • husband comurred in his wife's resort to the agon rumn,or that he will be pleased with the charm ,pRIY indefinite • character of the desire fo o.l.B°lneone." Those "hubbies" whose business take iswetil abroad a good deal would be well-advised tl "listen back ere" someone "steps into their shoe

,oteille more nail has been driven into the coffin GOVerilMent by the result of the East Dorset t Where a Unionist majority of 96 has bean .11rued Into a minority of 820, and the electors .40e said Nol to a candidate bearing the rather

un-Engiish name of Van Raalte. The Conserva- tive's cognomen smacked too much of the Rand for the "Dosset " electors. Free Trade was, how- ever,the rallying cry of the Liberals,and the verdict of this largely agricultural constituency makes an important contribution to the strength of the Free Trade party. They know f all well in this part of the country the effect of Protection, and past experience leads them to fight shy of Mr. Chamberlain's proposals. Since his pronounce- ment ten months ago, there have been seventeen contested elections, including East Dorset,and the net result is a gain of six seats by the Free Trade party. A year ago 13 of the.l7 seats were held by Unionists, and four only by Liberals. To-day ten are held by Liberals and seven by supporters of the Government. If the results of • a general election were in the same proportion the Opposi- tion would gain about 180 seats, and the great majority of 1900 would ba a thing of the past.

The I wall-paper trade is just now affording a capital illustration of what tne public might safbly expect under Protection. A few years ago all the great wall-paper manufacturers formed a strong combination, and the prices of paper were very considerably increased. Naturally, the result was that foreign makers, especially the Germans, began to send us wall-paper at lower prices, and this was resented by the Wall Paper Combine, whose secretary wrote a letter to the Lancashire press demanding Protection as a remedy against this state of things. The combine is being forced by this outside competition to reduce its prices by about one-third, and we may expect to hear from this quarter bitter denunciations of the Free Trade which prevents them from extorting excessive prices from the British householder. None the less, they will meet with scant sympathy after their grasping policy has resulted in opening the home market to their foreign competitors.

Index to Inside Pages. PAGE 2. Compulsory Military Service Meetings. Death and Funeral of Mr. R. Anderton. The County Councils. Radium and its Marvels. Brabazon Employment Society. Women's Chat and Fashions. 3. Ship Canal Appeal: The Judgment. Local Government Reform League. Football: The Cup-Ties. Events of the Week (illustrated). Runcorn and Widnes News. 6. The Powers of Licensing Justices: Public meeting. "Found Drunk." By Mr. H. Whitham. Election of Guardians. Stockton Heath, Earlestown and Newton news. Lecture on" Sir Walter Raleigh." Draughts Matches. 7. Our Local Churches. Rev. G. Harbottle's Lecture. Charge against Mr. J. G. Harrison. Work and Wages.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. "The Church and Social Problems" will be the Rev. H. Dunnico's subject at the service in the Royal Court Theatre to-morrow (Sunday) evening. The Rev. R. Wilkins Rees will preach on "Christ- ianity's credentials found in its helpfulness" at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church to-morrow (Sunday) morning. Under the auspices of the Chamber of Commerce, Mr. C. Lancaster (Liverpool Chamber of Commerce) will lecture at the Town Hall on Monday afternoon on "The Montreal Congress and a tour through the Dominion." _ _

A great meeting in celebration of the Bible Society Centenary will be held in the Parr Hall on Monday evening. The principal speakers will be the Bishop of Liverpool and the Rev. Dr. Watson (lan Maclaren) The annual public meeting in connection with the Free Church Council will be held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Thursday evening. Mr. C. E. Parker will preside, and the speakers will be the Rev. W. J. Townsend, D.D., and the Rev. Alexander Mackennal, B.A. D.D. At the Parish *Church on Friday evening the Rev. F. E. Powell, Vicar of Sewerby, and formerly of St. James', Latchford, will deliver an address to men on "Sunday Observance." LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS and SHOES, UNDER the CLOCK, BRID GE-STREET.—Ad7t,

The Cost of the Inquiry. The cost of the inquiry which is now proceeding into the alleged trading with the Corporation by members of the Council is estimated at £l,OOO. This sum, which is more than a penny in the 1, will be included in the estimates to be submitted at the next meeting of the Town Council.

St. Patrick's Day. This event was duly celebrated in Warrington. There were many "Wearers of the Green" on Thurs- day and sprigs of shamrock were at a premium, the supply not being equal to the demand. At night a ball and banquet were held in celebration Of the event.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
Sankey Bridges Wesleyan .Band of Hope.

In connection— with this Organisation, a concert was held in the schoolroom last evening. Recitations and songs were given by the children and friends and an enjoyable evening was spent. Tho proceeding con- cluded with a laughable sketch entitled "Advice Gratis." The following took part: Misses L. John- son, E. Sudlow and S. Moores, Messrs. P. Jackson, E. Jones, W. Wilkes and C. Powney.

Hospital Sunday. To-morrow is Hospital Sunday, and the collections at the various places of worship will be devoted to the funds of the Warrington Infirmary. It is unneces- sary for us to say anything to commend this institu- tion to the generous support of our readers, and we hope the amount raised will be even larger than in past years. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE Ton° is the KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STR BET, Warrington.—Advt. An Interesting Photographic Exhibition. Local devotees of the camera will find much to in- terest them in the Northern Photographic exhibition, promoted by the Liverpool Amateur Photographic Association in conjunction with the Leeds Camera Club and the Manchester Amateur Photographic Society, which will open at the Walker Art G-allery,Liverpool, next Friday evening. There will be a magnificent displ4y of pictorial and scientific photographs, colour photo- graphy, lantern slides, trade exhibits &c. There will also be demonstrations of the use of radium and X rays. Full particulars appear in our advertising columns.

BaCE BOOTS FOR ALL.-UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt.

Stockton Heath Elections.

There are only three candidates—Messrs. J. Whitley J, Pemberton, and J. Hallows—for the two seats on the Rural District Council. Messrs. E. J. Hall and Ashton Hayes have withdrawn their candidature for Parish Council honours, so that the gentlemen now in the field are Messrs. J. W. Bouchier, J. H. Clarke, E. England, J. Fairhurst, J. Hallows, W. Mclntyre, J. Miller, F. Pearson. J. Pemberton, W. H. Sherburn, F. Warburton, J. Whitley, S. F. Welsby,H. J. Westbrook T. R. Westbrook and T. Williams.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, March 19, 1904 LIBERAL AND LABOUR. I ELECTION PROSPECTS.

The Duke of Cambridge. A -k of th

Duke of Can-.;

.9 a mark of respect to le late bridge, the flag at the Town Hall was hoisted half- mast.

The Price of Bread. At their next meeting, the members of the Master Bakers' Association will again consider the price of bread. We are informed that local bakers are not wishful to take undue advantage of the sudden rise in the price of flour, but if the advance should continue, they will ultimately be forced to increase the price of bread.

Death of Mrs. Margaret Crosfield. We regret to announce the death of Mrs. Margaret Crosfield, widow of the late Mr. Morland Crosfield, which took place on Monday at Little Acton, Wrex- ham. She was the mother of Mr. Ernest Crosfield and Mr. Sidney Crosfield.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINER& WATERS.—AdVt.

Personal. Mr. Thomas S. Steel, solicitor, Warrington' has been elected by the Council of the Incorporated Law Society a member of the society. Dr. Charles Ernest Richmond, of Warrington, was, on Friday, granted the degree of Bachelor of Science in Manchester University. The Rev. Morley Stevenson, has completed the series of lectures he has been giving to the Salford Rural Deanery Sunday School Association in St. Stephen's schools.

BASSINETTES AND Marr. CARTS in latest art shades.—J. S. G.A.RL AND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

Entertainment at Latchford. On Monday evening an enjoyable entertainment was given in the Primitive Methodist Sunday School, Latchford. Mrs. Podmore presided and the follow- ing ladies contributed to the programme :—Mesdames Mills, Cook, Dutton, Spruce, Atkinson, Thompson, Gleave, Elwell, Hewitt, and Cook (Urmston). Miss Hewitt was the accompanist. Mrs. Harding,of Latch- ford, proposed, and Miss Seacomb seconded, a vote of thanks to the Legh-street friends for their services, and the motion having been carried brought a very pleasant evening to a close. FIRE GRATES of every descriptior.—J. S. GAR- LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street,Warringion.—Advt. Wycliffe Juvenile Choir. - -

he members of this choir gave their second annual concert on Monday and Tuesday evenings in the Wycliffe MemorialFlall,and the event proved as success ful as its forerunner. The singing reached a high level of excellence and bore evidence of the careful training the young people had received from Mr. William Brown, Mr. James Gauld and their willing assistants. The pretty dresses and smiling faces of the juveniles as they stood grouped on the platform, presented a pleasing ensemble, and it was evident that they de- rived as much enjoyment from the concert as their sweet singing undoubtedly gave'to the large audiences which assembled. Mr. Tom F. Wallington efficiently discharged the duties of accompanist.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the RING OE' TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Teamsman Fined. At Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday,be fore Messr F. J. Norman and T. Taylor, William Wood, a teams man in the employ of Mr. John Lunt, contractor, War- rington, was summoned for injuring the surface of the highway to the extent of is by locking the wheel of a lurry by means of a chain.—Mr. Lunt's foreman ap- peared and pleaded guilty.—P. C. Whalley, Halton, said that on the 2nd inst. he saw the defendant and another teamsman, each in charge of a horse and lurry When they got to Astmoor Bridge they locked the wheels of the vehicles by chains. They should have used a skid pan. He spoke to them. The second man removed the chain, but defendant refused, saying that ho could not go down without it. The wheels of the lurry marked the road for 70 or 80 yards.—The fore- man said they had never had any complaint before, and always locked the wheels of the lurries in this way.—The Chairman said they were bound to use a skid pan, and imposed a fine of 10s., including costs. ; ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLA.Ss NIINERA.T4 WATERS.—Advt. Spiritualist Meetings. The members of the Warrington Spiritualist Society. celebrated its seventh anniversary on Sunday and Monday. Mr. S. S. Chiswell, of Liverpool, on Sunday afternoon addressed the Lyceum, following which Miss Furness sang " Angels ever bright and fair." Afterwards Mr. Chis Well spoke to the adult members, and in the evening gave an exposition of the philo- sophy of Spiritualism. On Monday a tea meeting was helc:, which was followed by an entertainment. The President (Mr. W. E. Stout) made a few remarks as to the position of the society, after which a number of phonograph selections were given, and songs were rendered by Miss Furness, Mr. Maidment, and Mr. Stout; recitations by Miss Carlisle and Miss Furness; ventriloquial sketch and imitations by Mr. Maidment ; and cello solos by Mr. Jackson. Mr. C. Knox and Mr. Joseph Foster were the accompanists.

UNDER the CLOCK for GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. Literary and Philosophical Society. Mr. F. G. Ruddock presided at the last meeting of the session which was held in the Masonic Hall, Bold- street, on Monday evening.—The resignation of Mr. George Carruthers, who has filled the office of secre- tary for five years, was received with much regret, and a hearty vote of thanks was accerded to him for his past services.—The following officers were elected :—Mr. F. G. Ruddock (president) Colonel Buckton (vice-president), Mr. W. SileoCk (hon. treasurer), and Council, the Revs. M. Stevenson and H. A. Lester, Capt. Appleton, and Messrs. C. S. Burgess, F. W. Monks and Arthur Bennett.—The election of secretary was deferred.—An interesting lecture on "The Art of Printing," was then delivered by Mr. H. C. D. Chorlton, of Manchester. It was illustrated with lantern slides, thrown on the screey by Mr. H. N. Houghton.—On the motion of Mr. Man seconded by Miss Broadbent, Mt. Chorlton was heartily thanked for his lecture. PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER the CLOCK for Bas BOOTS in LANCA.SHIB,E.—Advt. Scientific Lecture at St. John's. The members of St. John's Literary Society enjoyed a rare treat at their weekly meeting on Thursday, 17th, inst., when Mr. R. H. Albery, B. Sc., (Rona. Vict), the physics master at the Warrington Technical Instituth, delivered a highly instructive scientific lecture, illustrated with most elaborate experiments. The lecturer fir at dealt with wireless telegraphy, and after giving a brief outline of the history and develop- ment of the electric telegraph, graphically explained the wireless system of which so much has recently been heard. With a transmitting instrument on the platform Mr. Albery sent mom alphabet signals to another part of the room where they were recorded on a receiver, the audience clearly hearing both the despatch and reception of the letters. Mr, Albery also introduced the X rays and other scientific phenomena, explaining the same in a most lucid manner. The lecture was listened to throughout with much atten- tion, Mr. Albery's powers of explanation being fully appreciated. At the close a hearty vote of thanks was accorded the lecturer for his services.

FOR CLASS AND CHINA of every description try J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Prize Distribution at the Slue Coat School. There was a pleasant gathering at this old institu- tion on Monday evening when Mr. Roger C. Parr distributed the prizes gained by the scholars during the year. Mrs. J. C. Parr and Miss Parr were also present, and letters of apology for non-attendance were received from the Rev. Canon Willis, Mr. W. J. Forshaw, and Mr. Charles White.—The following is a list of the prize winners :—For General Proficiency and Good Conduct: —Boys: H. Smith; J. E. Hard- man, E. Kendrick, J. Williamson, R. H. Rothwell, Harold Millett, E. Bibby, A. Appleton, T. Piling, W. E. Morris, S. Massey, 0. Whittaker T. A. Edwards W. Shaw, H. Kendrick, R. Nork, and E. Williamson Girls: M. Morris, S. Carter, Em. Hardman, E. K. Jones, E. Wood, E. Crafter, M. E. Smith, L. Carter, E. Bentley, H. Broadhurst, L. Guest, G. Rothwell, M. Hodges, J. Nork, and E. Edwards. Special prizes.—: Presented by. Mr. Roger C. Parr :—Drawing boys, R. C. Essenhigh and H. Bibby; writing: girls, M. Russell and A. Taylor. Presented by Mrs. Litton for 'good conduct: boy, E. Daniel; girl, L. Hoult. Pre- sented by Mrs. Pickmere for general proficiency and good conduct • boy, W. Lomax ; girl, M. Gerrard; Presented byMr. C. White for best letter on the trip to Frodsham; boy, J. Smelling; girl E. Smith. Presented by Mr, G. Dakin for best arithmetic paper; boy, R. C. Essenhigh ; girl', L. Matthews. Presented by Mr. J. Forshaw for best instrumental music; boys J. Baird and J. L. Millett.—Mr. Parr addressed words of advice to the children, and asked them to uphold the honour of the school. A very interesting musical programme was submitted, the scholars acquitting themselves remarkably well. Messrs. F. Rose, and S. Millett discharged the duties of accompanists.

CRAWFORD'S

OVAL

RICH TEA

BISCUITS. (In 11b. Packets, &c.)

THE ",CEAWFORD" QUALITY.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE TRADE v. PROTECTION.

I have followed the correspondence under this sub-heading with considerable interest and, at times, trepidation. The nature and extent of the controversy have compelled the writers to trespass at some length upon your space—and may, be, upon the patience of your readers—and if the issue of the conflict did not mean so much to the workingman one would almost tire of the Kepitition of the same stale arguments. What a chaos of plans, inconsistencies and con- tradictions ! It is really wonderful the turn for figures and phrases and even parables certain correspondents have suddenly acquired. We have even been favoured, in a contemporary, with an autobiography by a learned gentleman,—to whom we are really ,grateful for many happy hours—who in- forms us that he has been a Protectionist from "his youth up." We have certainly heard both % sides of the question, and if we are to believe all that we have read, we shall be as many-sided as the re- spected gentleman from Birmingham who is alleged to have rejuvenated the wonderful cure for all the ills that this Free-Trade country of ours is at present suffering from. One would have thought that the Tories would have prevented such. a catas- trophe, considering the losg rule they have enjoyed, but instead of getting better we find ourselves in a sorrier plight then before, and unless it is seen to we shall soon be altogether obliterated from the map. If the wanton and needless expenditure of the present incomparably bad Government was restricted, there would be no need to seek excuses for incompetence.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Co3muNism

It is said that every syllable we breathe is written on the air, that the atmosphere is a vast wandering library, and it is within scientific imagination that all our words may be rendered back to us again. If that be true, if there is a probability of all our utterances being presented to us in some _form or other, then some ot—us are going to have a very rough time. Some years ago, when Mr. Joseph Chamber- lain was a Liberal with socialistic tendencies, and defending the programme he wished at that time to force on the Liberal Party, he said : " If the rich want their rights to be respected, as they I ought to be, they are bound in return to respect the rights of their lass fortunate brethren. It is said that these views lead straight to Communism, and that Communism is a very terrible thing. Let us under- stand each other. I, for one, have never thought it possible or expedient to bring everything down to a dead level. I have never supposed you could equalise the capacities and conditions of men. The idler, the drunkard, the criminal, and the fool must bear the brunt of their de- fects. The strong man and the able man will always be first in the race. But what I say is, that, the community as a whole, co-operating for the benefit of all, may do something to add to the sum of human happiness, may do something to make the life of all its citizens, and, above all, .of the poorest of them' somewhat better, somewhat nobler,somewhat happier.' Those remarks of his, and others to the same effect which might be quoted, show that there was a time in the history of Mr. Chamberlain when ' domestic legislation took a very prominent part in his political programme. Unfortunately for himself and for the welfare of the masses of the people h 3 allied himself with those "who toil not, neither do they spin" and his reason- ing predilections have taken a right about turn. As one of the Capitalists he is staggering humanity by his audacious attempts to sacrifice the well-being of the people for the sake of benefiting the select few. There was a time when the "public good" was his first thought. Later events have gone to prove that he has forsaken that, and 113 longer should he trade on the support given to him on account of the promises which he made—but which have not been fulfilled. He has allied himself with those who have acquired their positions in life not by merit but by birth; and, as such, they will see to it that so long as they can catch the votes of the people by the jingling of the Birmingham brass they will be able to "roost " com- fortably and I always have plenty of " run " to sport themselves and enjoy the fun. They will drop him as soon as they dare. _.

SEEN AND /COT SEEN. ,--- If Protection is to benefit the ivorkinaibaan, how is it that the artNtocracy of this country is so loud in pro- claiming it? Whilst social questions are con.testing precedence with political questions and whilst we are still to be governed by Parliament it is essential that the land-owners and capitalists should have a counter move for fear of some very funny alterations in the laws of this country. Railway Rates, Taxation of Land Values, Abolition of Royal- ties, the Housing Question all these are apt to make them: more tightly grip their holdings and fight to the death; and any suggestions as to their revision make them shudder; of course,they are the friends of the people and they know &at Pro tection is the thing. It is so nice to have ideals tha will benefit mankind in general—and themselves in particular. Let us remember that there are two things to be considered in studying the subject—that which is seen and that which is not seen. If the manu- facturer makes a big profit it does not follow that the wages of the workman will be increased proportionately. The conversion of the private company into a limited one, the election of titled personages to a place upon the directorate,— very often those who condescend to receive a large fee but who think it is infra dig to work,—the num- berless smaller capitalists who take shares . and clammer for a dividend they have never worked for, rob the workingman of what he is fully entitled to and what he has earned by the sweat of his brow. It is needless to explain how the increased cost of every- thing would tell upon him. If he complains and says that he cannot live on the wages he is getting, he will, no doubt, be told that he can "'clear out" as there are plenty of Chinese who would be glad of his job at half the wages. And so it will mean that the work- ingman will be either compelled to work for even less than he is getting now and so drag out an existence or else be forced to seek the shelter of the Work- house. That is what is not seen. . A FARCE.

It is futile to rely upon the promises of those who are profiting by the Government. lam sur- prised that our clergy have not spoken out clearly upon the question. Fancy, and in this enlightened century, our missionaries going out into ,the whole world calling upon the unsaved to accept the teach- ings of Christ, carrying with them a Bible in one hand and Protective Tariffs snorting retaliation in the other; preaching against the curse of covetousness; proclaiming honesty as the best policy; exhorting them to love their neighbours as themselves &c., &c., and all the While such rampant hypocrisy is so prevalent at home. Why the whole thing is a farce ! Surely, it is getting time that we either acknowledged the teachings of Christ as the guide not only in spiritual matters, but also in temporal or else admit that the whole thing is wrong and drop it. There ought to be some plain speaking, and there would be if it were not for the fact • that the highest bidder gets the most concessions. But the time is not far distant when we shall be men strong and true, able to fight the battles of life without the aid of such unworthy statesmen, and weak-kneed parsons. Many are be- ginning to see through the inconsistencies of some of those who imagine themselves the followers of Christ. It is ever so easy to preach against the lusts of the flesh--the difficulty arises when we endeavour to practice what we preach,—ourselves. We are com- manded to "judge not lest we be judged." We cannot however refrain from expressing our abhorr- ence of such hypocrisy and we are quite prepared to accept punishment for so doing. What is morally wrong can never be politically right." Finally if the force of democracy is to be felt it must be strong and, above all, concentrated and united. It is useless to think that the battle can be won by "numberless units each of them so preciously independent that no one of them can unite with another for a single day." Let us not sacrifice the public good for the sake of personal spleen. EDMUND OSBORNE.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
MR A. J. KING SPEAKS AT STOCKTON HEATH.

ENCOURAGING SIGNS.

Mr. A. J. King, J.P., the prospective Liberal candi- date for the Knutsford division, again visited Stockton Heath on Thursday evening and addressed a large gathering in Providence Schoolroom, Chapel-lane. The occasion was a tea and entertainment promoted by the Liberal Association of the village and, thanks to the energy of the officials who had the arrangements in hand, the affair was a gratifying success. Tea was served to a large company, the following ladies presid- ing at the tables :—Mesdames Mounfield, Sherburn, Lloyd Jones A. H. Dunn, Booth, Rowbotham, England and Whitfield, Misses Mounfield, M. Bouchier, and E. Grounds. At the entertainment, Mr. C. Jackson Holmes presided and was supported by Mr. A. J. King, J.P., the Rev. J. S. Hughes, Messrs. Josiah Longland, Joseph Moundeld, E. England, A. H. Dunn, and W. H. Sher- burn.

The Chairmanalluded to the great wave of enthusiasm whiLla seemed to be passing over that suburb in the direction of Liberalism. (Applause.) That tendency was manifested not only in politics but in the conduct of their own local affairs. Success depended entirely upon organization, whether it was in the political or religious worlds, or in the carrying on of business con- cerns. He was glad to know that in Stockton Heath and Warrington the Liberal organizations were in such a happy and lively state. Speaking for the Warrington Association, he never knew a time when there was such unanimity in the party as there was to-day. Never had their good friend Crosfleld—and he was sorry he was no longer their neighbour—such a good support and strong backing as he had at the present time. The same encouraging state of things extended to Stockton Heath. If they always acted upon the true saying " United we stand ; divided we fall," there could be little doubt as t' the the result of the next election. Although it was always dangerous to prophesy, public opinion was undoubtedly on their side. (Applause.) That feeling was reflected everywhere, as exemplified by the results of the local County Council elections and the defeat of the Tory ; candidate at Knutsford. (Applause.) Then, that day they had the joyful tidings of a great Liberal victory in East Dorsetshire. (Applause.) At War- rington the Liberal party was thoroughly united. Never was there a determination to put forth greater efforts than would belbrought to bear in the next election They had all sorts of tales as to when the election might be expected. According to people ,aho were supposed to be in" the know," a dissolution should have already taken place, but as it lives, the Government had held together in a way. (Laughter.) On the other hand Conservative officials in London made the positive statement that there would be no election this year. They could not, however, disregard the defeat • of the Government the other night. (Hear, hear.) Although it was only a small thing and concerned a side issue, it showed plainly which way the wind was blowing. (Applause.) That and other events indicated,, he thought, that the Government could not hold together very much longer. He took it for granted that the next Government would be a Liberal Government. The questions which would have to be faced were of such importance to the welfare of tne country that they should be dealt with in the way that only a Liberal Government could deal with them. In regard to the fiscal policy, he did not think they would hear as much about it in the future as they had heard in the past. (Hear, hear.) There were other ' matters, such as the importation of Chinese slavery into South Africa which, he thought, would engross the attention of the country much more than the fiscal policy or any other policy that might be introdined by Mr. Chamberlain. Mr. Holmes read some of the con- ditions under which the labourers were to be employed andlsaid they were such that Englishmen would not allow any employees to submit to. The expenditure of the country, continued the Chairman, was increasing enor- mously by leaps and bounds and it would have to be checked. New sources of revenue would have, to be tapped, and they knew perfectly well that snub, sources could be tapped without interfering with tha eomfort of the people at large. In introducing Mr, King, Mr. Holmes said he had no doubt that he would shortly be the member for the division. (Applause.) Mr. A. J. King expressed sinaem regret that Mrs. King was unable to be present. It would IMO teen a I great pleasure to her to have aomaiiiihied him, but,' owing to the state of her health, it was not possible for her to undertak3 the journey. Alluding to his prob- able candidature, Mr. King pointed out that he had not yet been asked to become the candidate, but if no sub- stitute could be found he would be prepared to contest the division. (Applause.) He wished to associate him- self with the remarks of the Chairman with regard to their former neighbour, and his good friend, Mr. Crostleld. (Applause.) He felt that there was something wanting in a Liberal meeting at Stockton Heath when Mr. Crosfield was not present. He was sure they all wished him complete success in the neighbouring constituency of Warring- ton. (Applause.) Mr. Kin,* made a sympathetic allusion to the death of the Duke of Cambridge who, he said, was one of the oldest members of the royal family and had served his country for many years. He was sure they all wished to express their symnathy with the king and other memhers of the royal family in the loss they had sustained. Alluding to his Majesty's efforts to promote peace and goodwill among nations, the speaker said they hoped the King's desire that the Press throughout the world would use its influence and the ability at its command. to encourage a good feeling, would be complied with. He thought they might look forward to King Edward going down to posterity as the king of peace. Speaking of local affairs. Mr. King said it was hoped that one of ,the results of that gathering would be the formation of a Women's Liberal Association in Stockton Heath. That was a most excel- lent scheme and he wished it every success. The Education question was one which specially effected women. Not only were the majority of children in the schools girls, but something like three-fourths of the teachers were women. It was therefore desirable that the mothers of the land should have a voice in the directing of educational affairs. Under the old School Board system the ratepayers had a right to elect women on the education authorities' but lunder the new Act that right had been taken away and women could only appear on the authorities by co-option on the part of the male members. That, he contended, was not a satisfactory position. The ques- tion of Free Trade and Protection was certainly a ques- tion which above all things affected the women and children, because if food became dear and wages became lower, and the purchasing power of a sovereign was re- duced, it was by the woman and children that the strain would first be felt. It behoved every woman to use every influence to see that our great Free Trade policy should not be interfered with. He thought that for the moment Protection was scotched. They wanted, , however, to make it absolutely impossible for the demon of Protection to raise its head again in this country. (Applause.) Mr. King quoted from;a speech by the late Lord Salisbury in which he attributed the increased Protection abroad to the cost of the enormous armaments. It was almost the fulfilment of aprophecy that Protection should have raised its head in this country when we had just spent 250 millions on the waging of a war, and at a time when we had increased our peace expenditure on the military and naval forces by something like 50 per cent. in eight years. He would urge those present not to accept too readily the figures given by the other side, even when taken from the Blue Book. Mr. King dealt with figures advanced by Pro- tectionists with the object of showing that of late years there had been a great decrease of employment in the cotton and woollen trades. He showed that the decrease was almost entirely in the employment of children, and that meant that the old half-timers' system was going out and that the children were being better cared for in regard to education. Protectionists ignored the home trade which was much more important froin the point of view of employment than the export trade. In the coal-mining trade in 1891 there were, 520,000 people employed. In 1901 the number was 648,000. In the building trade 701,000 people were employed in 1891. The number employed in 1901 was 945,000. He thought that Liberals in the Knutsford division might take heart for there were many encouraging signs. Every election , which had been fought on the fiscal question since Mr. Chamberlain. introduced his proposals, had resulted in a Liberal gain. • If they had not won the seat the Conservative majority had been reduced. In their own division there had recently been County Council elec- tions. At Wilmslow a Liberal was returned by a , majority of 200, and in the stronghold of Knutsford the sitting member had been defeated by 349. (Applause.) They must not make too much of that, because Mr. Goodson, the successful candidate, proclaimed that it was not a party contest. At the same time they knew perfectly well that Mr. Egerton had the whole of the Conservative workers at his back, and he and his agent proclaimed throughout the election that it was really a party contest udder another name. At any rate the theory of the-divine right of the great family in the neighbourhood to represent the constituency in all possible ways had received a shock. What Knutsford ' had done' he thought Knutsford division might hope to I do,if the Liberals would stick to their task. (Applause.) Another encouraging fact was that Lord Stanley, of Alderley, who was an enthusiastic Liberal, had become the president of the Liberal Association of the division, ' land intended to throw himself heart and soul into the work of the party. They must not, however, be too sanguine. It would require every effort on the part of every Liberal in the division if the election was to be won, and the Central Association was doing all it could to help forward the cause. The result really depended upon the efforts of the various local committees. The Govern ment, continued Mr. King, seemed to be getting into a more hopeless mess every day. They had entirely lost the confidence of the country; they had no confidence in each, other or in their leader; and they had no settled convictions. The budget proposals were not to be introduced until after Easter. He supposed the budget was one of those things they were in no hurry to bring in. (Laughter.) Heunderstoodthe Chancellor of the Exchequer would have to provide something

like an additional seven millions of taxes, and he could well believe that he did not know where to turn to find them. One thing was certain— that he would not be allowed to have resource to the duty of is. on corn which helped the previous Chancellor of the Exchequer out of his diffi- culty. Mr. King endorsed everything that had been said against the introduction of Chinese labour into South Africa. When we entered upon the war, one of the prospects which he thought reconciled many people to it, was that it would open up an enormous field for Isurplus white labour in South Africa. They knew now ' that no white labourers need apply. If the labour was not to be black,it must ibetyellow.lt was not solely a ques tion of being able to pay 100 and 150 per cent, dividends on the mines. These Jews and great mining capitalists wished to run South Africa with slave labour which would have no voice in the management of the country. He was very much encouraged to find over and over again that people who differed from him on the Govern- ment's policy in regard to the war, now admitted that they had been grievously disappointed and duped, and that if they had known what they knew now, they would never have supported this war policy. (Applause.) A very enjoyable progsamme was submitted. Songs were pleasingly rendered by Madame Williams Rhys and Miss Ethel Dunn. Mr. J. S. Rhys acquitted himself creditably as an elocutionist, and Master Arthur Dunn contributed a violin solo. Miss Cissie Gillies and Mr. A. H. Dunn discharged the duties of accompanists, and Miss Gillies gave two pianoforte solos. The Chairman, Mr. King, the artistes, and all who had assisted were cordially thanked on the proposition of Mr. Longlaud, seconded by the Rev. J. S. Hughes. Mr. Hughes expressed the hope that the result of the County Council elections would encourage them to be more active in their endeavour to win the seat in the Parliamentary contest. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19040319_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL APPEAL

EFFECT OF THE MOMENT. The Position of the Corporation.

The decision of the Court of A.ppeal in the action of Crosfield and others v the Manchester Ship Canal Company (which we publish elsewhere) is difficult to understatid, but so far as we can make it out it means that the Corporation as one of the . plaintiffs is dis- missed from the action on the ground that their only remedy as a Corporation is by reference to an arbitrator under the agreement existing be- tween the Ship Canal Company and the Cor- poration. Mr. Justic3 Byrne in the first Court decided that the Corporation had a right of action apart from the reference to arbitration, but that opinion was based in a great measure on the ground that the defendants did not object to the juris- diction of the Court before the ease was down for trial, and that their neglect amounted to a waiver, and that it was then too late to attempt to oust the jurisdiction of the Court. Mr. Justice Bryne also decided that the traders had an independent right of action and were not bound by the reference to arbitra- tion under a contract t 3 which they were not parties. On appeal, two of the three judges agreed that the Corporation had no ground of action, but were bound by the reference to arbitration. In passing we may say that the Corporation were advised before the action was commenced by Mr. A. Macmorron, K.C., a counsel recognised as a leading authority in municipal govern- ment, that the Corporation had a right af action and consequently: the Corporation joined, on that advice, the other plaintiffs in the action. With regard to the posi- tion of the traders in the action, the Court of Appeal has in effect decided that they have a right of action, independent of the Corporation, but that their right is governed by an arbitration clause in the Ship Canal Company's Act of 1835, which states that all disputes arising under that Act shall be settled by reference to an arbitrator. Two of the judges lathe Court of Appeal are of opinion that before the action can proceed the question as to whether the company has or has not carried out their obligations under the agree- ment with the Corporation must first be settled by an arbitrator. The judges do not dismiss the action with the traders but stay it until the arbitrator to be appointed has made his award. Lord Justice Cozens Hardy was emphatic in his opinion, in which he differed from the majority of the Court, that the traders had an independent right of action and that the appeal as against them ought obe di Isaacaqd 1"11.9 qqt.t9.ll I allowed to proceed. It will therefore be aeon aS matters stand at present that both Mr. Justice Byrne and Lord Justice Cozens Hardy have given judgment in favour of the traders while two other judges—Lord Justice Vaughan Willigms and Stirling have expressed a con- rary opinion. The position of the traders is anomalous because while all the judges have now agreed to their having a right of action, the Court of Appeal have stated that it cannot be exercised until the Corporation have proceeded to arbitration and obtained the arbi- trator's decision.lf the Corporation refuse so go to:arbi- tration the traders have no remedy,and will be unable to to proceed with the present actionor any other action. The fact that the Corporation are struck out as one of the plaintiffs is not a matter of serious importance and does not effect the main issue. It is immaterial whether the Corporation or the traders compel the Ship Canal Company to carry out their duties. The dismissal of the Corporation will only affect the Corporation so far 'as their portion of the costs is concerned. We understand that the plaintiffs in the action have lodged a petition for an appeal to the House of Lords in the• hope of getting the decision of the Court of Appeal over-ruled. The question of costs is a sorioua matter. The Court of Appeal has stated that all costs incurred after the Compagly raised the question of ouster jurisdiction in the firgt court must be borne by the plaintiffs. If the decision is reversed in the House of Lords costs will, of course, follow the event. In face of the decision it is hardly probable that the Corporation will support the Ship Canal Company in their proposed bill to carry out works at Walton. AN ANSWER TO ALDERMAN SOUTHERN. Mr. H. Roberts, J.P., has addressed the following letter to the" Manchester Evening News " in reply to the remarks of Alderman Southern (which we publish on; 'another page) at the Manchester City Council on Wednesday : Sir,—lf the speech of Aldermen Southern at'the last meeting of the Manchester City Council is correctly reported, it is, in at least two particulars, an unjustifi- able and regrettable utterance. For a man of Alder- man Southern's wideexperience to make a statement so highly controversial when, as he must know, this import- ant case is still sub judice (as an appeal to the House of Lords is certain) was most indiscreet, but when he goes even further, and claims that the judgment in the 'Court of Appeal decides that the claim of the War- rington traders for" damages for all that might have happened during 'a long period" was "recognised" by Lord justice Vaughan Williams as "not a just proposi- tion and therefore the appeal was allowed," he, Alder- man Southern, made a statement contrary to fact, as no such point was before the Court of Appeal for decision The Ship Canal Company have won in the Appeal Court upon one point and one point only,and that of a purely technical nature, namely, that the court has no jurisdiction until the question of fact in dispute for so many years, as to whether the Ship Canal Company have or have not fulfilled their dredging obligations has been decided by an arbitrator. Should an arbitrator agree upon this point, with the judgment of Mr. Justice Byrne, in whose court the whole matter was thrashed out in the fullest detail (which fact makes Mr. Justice Byrne's decision of great importance), then the traders, who are not dis- missed from the action by the Court of Appeal, can proceed with their claims. As I have been in the fore- front of all the negotiations between the Manchester Ship Canal Company and the Warrington Corporation and traders for eighteen years, I can unhesitatingly ' claim that I have done everything in my power to maintain the most friendly relations between those whom I represent and the Manchester Ship Canal Com- pany, and I regret therefore all the more that a con- struction should have been put upon our action which is not consistent with this fact.—Yours,

H. 'ROBERTS.

Managing Director, Messrs. Jos. Crosfield and Sons, Limited, Warrington.

March 17, 1904,

Local Transport Company's Affairs. In the Liverpool Registry of the High Court, on Monday, before Mr. Registrar Cleaver, the public ex- amination under the Companies Acts was continued of Mr. Ernest Harrison Forwood, who was a director in the Manchester and Liverpool Transport Company Limited.— Witness was cross-examined as to the taking over of the Bishop's Wharf and Shipping Com- pany, Limited, Warrington, and he said that Mr. Carson, the chairman of that company, saw him (witness) regarding the amalgamation. He believed the reason Mr. Carson desired the amalgamation was that they wanted more capital. As a result of the working of this branch of the com- pany, thousands of pounds were lost every year. The firm was carrying on that branch now, and they were now making ends meet. At the time this company was taken over by the Transport Company he did not know its ramifications, and therefore he left it in the hands of those who had been managing it. It was supervised by him(witness) from London.—Mr. Greer: Your firm has now got all the assets of the Warrington company? Witness, in reply stated that since possession had been taken on behalf of himself as debenture holder, some of the assets of the company had been sold. The wharf and warehouses in Manchester had realised about £23,000 and some barges had also been sold, but he could not say what they had realised. None of the Warrington assets had been realised. The examination was con- laded.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOLS OVERCROWDED. ADVICE TO THE WARRINGTON EDUCATION

COMMITTEE,

H.M. Inspectors' Views. At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee of the Education authority, Mr. H. M. Richards, H.M. Inspector, expressed his views with reference to the general condition of the public elementary schools in the Borough. Mr. Richards pointed out that he could not conceal from them the fact that a great deal had to be done in Warrington. Things in Warrington for a. long time past had been in a stagnant condition. War- rington had not had an edncation rate and they would have to pay now for that luxury to a considerable extent. Accommodation, he thought, was the most pressing need in Warrington. They were forcing children by legal penalties into unhealthy surroundings. They were herding them together, and this was not only a danger to the health of the children, but a danger to the health of the commtmity. The chances of epidemic and disease were increased. Then there was another serious conse- quence; the schools being crowded, the attend ance was bad and the authority lost Government grants. Owing to limited accommodation the places in schools were generally taken up by the better class children, so that the very poorest children were neglected, with a result that the children of that part of the com- munity it was most necessary to civilise did not go to school at all. The staffing of the schools also became more difficult, because teachers would only come to schools when they were pleasant. Lastly, it imperilled the Government grant' and in the future it would imperil that Government grant much more than in the past. In concluding his review of the educational needs of Warrington, Mr. RICHARDS states that if the over- crowding were removed he should not insist upon alterations being carried out, but if the overcrowding were going to exist, not only these alterations, but much more serious ones would have to be exacted from the elementary school managers. EDUCATION IN WARRINGTON. The Salaries of Head Teachers.

The Warrington Education Committee will hold its monthly meeting on Monday evening. The minutes of theiSchool Management sub-committee contain a large number of increases of teachers salaries. gianted in accordance with the scale adopted by the Committee on May 18th, 1903.

At the Committee Meeting correspondence was sub- mitted from the Warrington Head Teachers' Associa- tion, ueging that the past services of the head teachers should be recognised by the Committee in applying the scale .of salaries recently adopted by the Committee. particularly in the cases of the head mistresses. It was proposed "That the salaries of head teachers who have already served four years as head teachers in schools in the Borough, be increased by £lO annually, until the maximum provided by the scale is reached." This proposal having been voted upon and rejected it was resolved that while the committee feel that length of service cannot be taken into account in fixing the salaries of the head teachers, they are prepared to give the most careful consideration to say special cases that may be brought to their notice. It was decided that the Easter holidays for the elementary and secondary schools should commence on Wednesday evening, March 30th, the elementary schools to re-open on Monday, April 11th, and the secondary school on Tuesday, April 12th.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
MORE ACCOMMODATION WANTaD.

The managers of the St. Ann's school having informed the School Attendance Committee that they were not in a position to extend their school S.) as to provide further accommodation, it was resolved that, in view of the overcrowded state of the school and the want of accommodation in the district, the Sites and Buildings Committee be askZd to provide, as soon as possible, temporary accommodation; and that in view of its urgent need, it he suggested that this temporary accommodation should be provided by the erection of iron buildings.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT SALE OF FREEHOLD GROUND

RENTS. Mr. Thomas Sutton offered for sale by auction at the Lion Hotel on Wednesday, some valuable freehold ground rents. There was a good attendance of buyers and the prices realised averaged 25 years' purchase; The purchasers were as follow :—Ground rent £2 16s, .Acured by house and shop, 3, Trlam-street, Mr. Clegg. _ £73; ground rent 29 12s. secured by three houses and shops, 17, 19, and 21,Irlam-street, Messrs. Brindley and Company £215; ground rent £5 13s. 4d., secured by 2 houses and shops, 13 and 15 "[flare-street, Mr. Kelsall £140; ground rent £3 Bs. house and shop, 23 Irian).- street, Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Company £93 ; ground rent £7 3s. 6d. three houses and shops, 25, 27, and 29 Irlam-street, Mr. Beddard £187; ground rent, £5 12s. 3icl., three houses. 20, 22, and 24 Smith-street, Mr. Spencer Wallhead solicitor, £130; ground rent £3 ; two houses and shops, 83 and 85 Lythgoes-lane, Mr. Wilding £7O; ground rent £3 Os. 7d. four houses, 91, 93, 95 and 97, Lythgoes-lane, Mr. T. J. Ridgway, solicitor, £72 10s.; ground rent £3 is. 2d., the Lancashire Tool Manufactory, Dannett-street, Mr. Wilding, £7O; ground rent £22 6s. Bd.tChandos Foundry (Richmond Gas Stove and Meter Co. Ltd.), Dannett-street and Dallam-lane, Mr. Samuel Carr .2560; ground rent £3 19s. 4d., five houses, 22, 24, 26, 23, 30, Damett-street, Mr. Thomas Mason £99; ground rent £55 9s. 7,1 d. Peter Walker and Son„ LW., brewery, Dallara-lane, Messrs. Peter Walker and Son Ltd. £1,400; ground rent £1 10s., two houses 1 and 3, Dannett-street, Mr. Fowler, solicitor, £34; ground rent £4 is. iid., live houses and workshop, 18, 20, 22, 24, and 26, General-street, Mr. Wilding £126; grotlnd rent £2 55., two houses, 72 and 74, Minwick- street, Mr. Knowles, solicitor,2s6 ; ground rent .2175. 4d., four houses, 23 and 27, Fennel-street ancl,l and 2, Mill- yard, Mr. Longland, solicitor, £32 10s. ; ground rent £5 145., part of the new market. shed, area 163 square yards, Warrington Corporation £142; ground rent £4 14s. 2d., five houses and shops, 61, 63, and 65, Lythgoes- lane and 83 and 85, Haydock-street, Mr. Fowler, solicitor, £ll7. A number of leasehold ground rents were withdrawn, the auctioneer announcing that private offers would be considered. Messrs. Robert Davies and Company were the solicitors to the vendors.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
AFTER THE FOOTBALL MATCH. Struggle In a Railway Carriage.

A Warrington football enthusiast who journeyed to Swinton on Saturday succeeded in making matters rather too lively for his fellow passengers on the return journey. The result was that yesterday morning the magistrates at the Borough Police Court had to hear a charge against James Mather, 15, Oliver-street, of assaulting Thomas Mullin, 107, Winwick-road. According to the statement of Mr. Browne, who appeared for the complainant, the men witnessed the match, spent some time in Manchester, and started for home by the 9.30 train from Central Station. The com- partment was quite full. Soon after leaving the city, defendant began to be abusive to Mullin, telling him that "he was always flashing his money about, and lay- ing big odds on Warrington," and that he wanted throw- ing through the window. Complainant told defend- ant that he had never bet with him in his life, and 114 could do what he liked with his own money. Defendant made several threats to strike Mullin, but his friends pursuaded him to sit down. When the train was nearing Warrington, complainant was taking his mackintosh off the rack when defendant struck him on the left eye. He then knocked him down, kicked him on the forehead several times, and got on the top of him. When the train stopped a railway porter had to release the complainant who in consequence of the asss.ulthad been off work all week.

Defendant's version was that he was talking about the match and complainont kept" pulling his sovereigns out" and wanting to bet him. When near Warrington complainant butted him three or four times with his head, and he (defendant) then struck back.

The magistrates believed complainant's story, which was supported by the evidence of a railway inspector and imposed a fine of ss. and costs.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
A RATEPAYER'S GRIEVANCE.

Protest Against the System of Rate Collection.

Thursday was the day set apart at the Warrington Police Court for the hearing of summonses for non- payment of the borough rates. A case in which an interesting point was raised was that of Mr. John Griffiths, School-street, who was summoned in respect of £2O 9s. 10d. He admitted that the rate was due and said he offered to pay it on Wednesday, but the authorities would not accept the money because he refused to pay 2s. 6d. the cost of the sunimons, For several years, he said, he had paid the rates regularly, and he produced vouchers for 1901-2-3 showing that the dates on which the rates were paid in those years were. the 16th and 17th of the months of March and Septem- ber. On Monday he received a summons for the past half year's rates. He had made arrangements to pay the money during the week, and he considered it was out of all reason and contrary to common sense, that business men should receive such a peremptory notice from Mr. Woodcock.

Mr. W. H. Woodcock, the borough collector, said that on February 22nd he served Mr. Griffiths with a second notice stating that if the rate was not paid by Monday February 29th, proceedings would be taken. At the foot of the notice it was stated that no further intima- tion would be sent. He heard nothing from Mr. Griffiths. It might be a fact that he had paid regularly on a certain date in other years. Mr. Woodcock said the rate was due on the demand being made and, after serving a second notice on Mr. Griffiths, he had n 9 alternative but to take proceedings. It would make rate collecting an absolute impossibil- ity if everyone chose to pay when they liked. Mr. Griffiths said he had no intention to thwart the authorities. He produced a cheque for the rates. , The magistrates decided to remit the cost of the sunemons, but asked Mr. Griffiths to be a little more punctual in his payment in future. Mr. Griffiths: I shall want to satisfy myself further on the matter.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
NOW IS THE TIME.

Do you enjoy perfect health? If not, why not? The simplest way foil man to secure immunity from disease is to follow, as far as practicable, the laws of nature, and if illness overtakes him, to take as remedies only such preparations as are supplied by nature. The only natural remedies are vegetables, and the chief vegetable remedy of the present age is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the Vegetable Tonic. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a preparation now extensively taken throughout the country by patients suffering from debility, nervousness, and general ex- haustion, and if any value be attached to human testi- mony, the efficacy of this medicine is established. Its claims have been tested and proved by the medigal pro- fession, and others, and corroborated by the written testimonials of eminent men. OUGHT TO BE IN EVERY HOUSE. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters contains not only a suitable quantity of quinine in each dose, but the active principles of the following well known herbs:—sarsapar- illa, saffron, gentian, lavender, burdock, and dandelion. At this season of the year no one should be without Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the Best Remedy of the Age for various ailments. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is recommended for indigestios in its different forms, such as sick head- aches, heartburn, cramp, flatulency, sense of fulness and oppression after eating, drowsiness, and pains in the region of the heart. It is, without exception, the best remedy for depression of spirits and melancholia. Being a vegetable" Pick-me-up," it is strongly recom- mended for nervous diseases, such as undue anxiety, ,despondency, fainting fits, neuralgia, and nerve pains generally.

STRONGLY RF.COMM ENDED. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has successfully treated (after all other known preparations have failed) severe cases of affections of the chest, such as common colds, bronchitis, asthmatic colds, shortness of b reath.i nfl uenza, •etc. It purifies and enriches the blood. It is a healthy and safe tonic. Should be taken by all who are delicate, as it strengthens the system and promotes good health. People suffering great weakness, either after an illness, or through long confinement in ill-ventilatei rooms, or -any other cause, find Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters most valuable as a ,_01-eat strength reviver. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold everywhere in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each or will be sent, on re- ceipt of stamps, carriage free, direct from the Sole Pro- prietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS. 'When you ask for Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, see -that you get it, with the name "Gwilym Evans" on the label, on the stamp, and on the bottle, without which none is genuine.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE., The monthly meeting of this committee was held in the National Schools 'on Thursday evening under the presidency of Mr.G. Pilling. There ware also present: —Messrs. Whitley, Pemberton, Clarke, Pearson, Mclntyre, Fairhurst, Swinton (surveyor), Farrington (inspector of nuisances) and W. E. Hough (deputy clerk).

THE NIGHTSOIL CONTRACT. The Deputy Clerk read a letter from Mr. Lunt, who until recently held the nightsoil contract, complaining of the deduction of £6 2s. 2d. from his last account of £6O 10s. He contended that, according to the inspec- -tor's statement, the pails were left in very good con- dition, and referred in detail to the various items in- eluded in the deduction. The Deputy Clerk said the deductions were made in accordance with the committee'* instructions. The reason the contract was terminated was that the work was not being satisfactorily done. The committee instructed the Clerk to write to Mr. Lunt explaining the deductions, and stating that they .could not see their way to make any further payment.

THE LIGHTING OF THE VILLAGE. In accordance with instructions given at the last -meeting the clerk wrote to the Warrington Corporation requesting them to furnish the lamps at Stockton Heath and Walton with incandescent burners. Mr. W. S. Haddock, the gas engineer, now wrote stating that the alteration would necessitate a large expense and had better be delayed until next season as it would incur double expense if done now. Moreover the Corporation ceased lighting the lamps for the -summer months on May 14th. The Committee decided to defer the matter for the present.

TWENTY STEPS BRIDGE. The Clerk to the Cheshire County Council wrote -stating that he had suggested to the Engineer of the Manchester Ship Canal Company that the footpaths forming the approach to Twenty Steps Bridge, which the company were under obligation to mQintain and re- pair, should be formed of concrete flags. As the adjoining footpaths, which the County Council had to maintain, were paved with blue bricks, the liability of the Council and the company would be clearly defined, and the alteration would also be of advantage to foot passengers. The letter was considered satisfactory. THE SURVEYOR'S REMUNERATION. The committee granted the usual remuneration of £lO to Mr. Swinton for wo* done in the parish during the past year.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF GUARDIANS. -- Contests at Latchford and Great Sankey.

On Monday, March 28th, the triennial election of .Guardians will take place. There will be five contests in the Warrington Union' one in the Borough and four in adjoining townships. The election in the Borough is in Latchford Ward, where the two candidates are Miss Broadbent, of the Hollies, and Mr. George Pilling, who has been Chairman of the Board. In her address, Miss Broadbent states that she has for ten years visited at the Workhouse, chiefly in the Infirmary, and has been a member of the Brabazon Society since its commence ment. She has been for ten years the Brabazon Secre tary, and has been greatly pleased to see what a cheer- ing effect the work has had on the spirits of the invalids, some of whom are condemned to pass the remainder of their days within the hospital walls. She has ample time at her disposal, and, if elected, will devote herself energetically to all the duties coming within the sphere of a guardian of the poor, especially inconnection with the care of the women the girls, the children and the aged sick and infirm of both sexes, who together com- prise the vast majority of those who have to be dealt with under the poor law. She points out that as there are 160 women and a large number of children to be .cared for, there is plenty of room for two or three women on the Board. She advocates the strictest economy, and promises to endeavour to safeguard the ratepayers' interests by the most judicious expenditure of their money. It was at one time anticipated that there would be a contest in Orford Ward. Three nominations had been .sent in, but at the last moment, Mr. James Robinson, the present member, and Mr. James Henry Smethust- retired.The result is that Mrs. Wilkinson, of 222, Orford lane, becomes a member of the Board without a contest. In St. John's Ward the Rev. Father Wilson, who has been a member of the Board for three years, and the Rev. Dr. Mercer were nominated. The Rev. Father Wilson has now retired in favour of the Rev. Dr. Mercer, who is returned unopposed. Another new member of the Board is Mr. Robert Bolton who has 'had a walk over in Fairfield Ward. Outside the Borough, there will be contests at Great Sankey, Haydock and Newton (2). In Great Sankey, where the position of Guardian carries with it a seat .on the Warrington Rural District Council, Mr. Thomas Halton is opposed by Mr. George Thompson. Mr. Fred Thomas Jefferson was also nominated but he withdrew from the contest. In Haydock, Mrs.ETayward, wife of Dr.llayward,is a candidate for the seat vacated by the Rev. J. H. Riddette. She is opposed by Mr. William Flanagan. There are two contests in Newton. The return of Mr. E. L. Bentas tharepresentative of Wargrave Ward is .opposed by Mr. Astley King, and in Viaduct Ward, Mr. John Clarke's return is opposed by Mr. Thomas Lythgoe POLLING ARRANGEMENTS. Polling will commence at 12 o'clock noon on Monday, the 18th inst., and close at 8 p.m. There will be two polling stations in Latchford Ward, one at St. James's school, Old-road, and the other at Christ Church school, Wash-lane. The ballot boxes will be conveyed to Mr. Sutton's office and the result declared there the same 'evening. At Great Sankey the polling station will be at the public schools, Liverpool-road. Mr. Kerfoot will be the presiding officer. The votes will be counted in the schoolroom and the result declared the same evening. At Earlestown and Haydock the polling arrangements will be made by the Clerk to the Newton-in-Makerfield Urban District Council.

PARISH COUNCIL ELECTION AT BURTONWOOD. Tl, election of the Parish Councillors will take place •on ;Monday, March 28th. Twelve candidates will go to the poll for the seven vacancies. The candidates are: Messrs. J. T. Addison, George Anders, William Fair- •clough (Causeway Bridges), William Fairclough (Brook- head Farm, Tanners-lane), Thomas Forster, Richard Forshaw, H. Gawthorpe, William Houghton, John Thomas Meher, Rev. A. M. Mitchell, William Southern, John Greaves Thompson. Mr. Shearer will be the re- turning officer. Polling will take place in the Public school.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. STEAD NOT WANTED.

Lord Milner has telegraphed to Mr. W. T. Stead that his presence is not required in the Transvaal. "In view of your speech," wired the High Commissioner, "consider your invitation to the Transvaal cancelled." The leading Dutch view is that Mr. Stead's vehemence has led him away. After touring Africa Mr. Stead will visit Australasia.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REVISING BARRISTER AND "SIR WALTER RALEIGH."

Lecture at the Old Academy.

Mr. James T. Foard, the revising barrister, visited Warrington on Thursday evening with quite a different object in view than that of revising the voters' lists. His mission was to deliver a lecture before the mem- bers of the Warrington Academy on "Sir Walter Raleigh, the discoverer of Virginia' and he treated the subject in a manner which delighted the small gather- ing thatassembled to listen to hun.—Mr. Henry Roberts, J.P., presided, audit) his introductory remarks he could not refrain from alluding to his former acquaintance with Mr. Foard, when assisting in revising the lists on behalf of the Liberal Association. "I looked upon him in those days," said Mr. Roberts, "as a somewhat. awe-inspiring individual, learned in the law, and I have not," he proceeded to say, "lost altogether my sense of his power in that respect." Mr. Foard, in alluding to Raleigh's colonising instincts, observed that earth hunger was a phantom which had deluded many states and countries since the world began, and without stating whether this fugitive form of patriotism was an iaspiring pursuit or a tran- sient lunacy, he pr )posed to place before them a necessarily imperfect portrait of one of the real founders of our empire, who 300 years ago, realised to some extent the dream of a Great Britain beyond the seas. The early life of Raleigh was briefly reviewed and his marvellous ascent into power as a favourite at the court of Elizabeth was partly ascribed to his poetic adulation of Elizabeth and to his skill as a courtier. The incident attri- buting an act of gallantry to him, in throwing his embroidered cloak in a puddle in order that the queen might pass, probably happened, but added Mr. Foard there was no reliable confirmation of it. After referring to the many Royal favours which were granted him and his persistent love of acquisition, the lecturer pointed out that in 1584. Sir Walter obtained a charter of col- onization and unsuccessfully attempted the settlement of Virginia, in one or two following sears. He also ob- tained a large share of the forfeited Irish estates and introduced here the cultivation of the potato and other plants. A brief allusion was made to Raleigh having incurred the quem's displeasure by marrying one of her maids ofihonour,the daughter of Sir Nicholas Throckmor- ton and the lecturer passed on to Raleigh's expedition to Guiana. To discover the fabled El Dorado or region of gold this expedition was planned. Rileighembarked in 1595 and reached the Orinoco, but was obliged to return after having done little more than take a formal possession of the country in the name of Elizabeth. On the accession of James 1., the King's mind was poisoned against Raleigh, whom he deprived of all his offices. Falsely accused of complicity in Lord Cobham's treason in favour of Arabella Stuart, Raleigh was brought to trial and sentenced to death. He was, however, reprieved, and during his twelve years' confinement in the Tower he devoted himself to literature, and wrote a "History of the World" and other works. His subsequent release and his disastrous second enterprise to the Orinoco, in which he attacked the Spaniards, was followed by his execution on his former sentence. Mr. Foard quoted Macauley's description of Sir Walter Raleigh as "soldier, sailor, courtier, orator, statesman and philosopher." His varied experience was likened by Mr. Foard, t "the bounds and rebounds of this tennis ball of fortune." A discussion ensued. Alderman BENNETT proposed 1. t vote of thanks to the lecturer, and referred to his visa to Raleigh's home in Ireland. Dr. NADEN, in seconding, said it.had never been made so clear to him before that Raleigh was a man who deserved so well of his country, and yet one who was so badly rewarded. A man to whom we owed so much ought to have received more consideration. He was glad Mr. Foard had brought Sir Walter Raleigh to their notice, and rehabilitated him in their affections. Mr. WOODCOCK supported the vote of thanks, and said as a writer and one who helped to spread the powers of England abroad Raleigh came before them as a prominent figure. It was worthy of notice at the present time that Raleigh's "Observation on trade and Commerce" was a Free Trade pamphlet and was sup- pressed as being unsuitable to the times. (Laughter.) The vote was carried unanimously and Mr. FOA.RD briefly acknowledged the compliment. A vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman on the proposition of Mr. HALL, seconded by Mr. FAIRHURST. The CHAIRMAN, in responding, said he was surprised to hear Alderman Bennett state that it was2o years since he took an active and serious part in politics.He fancied he had seen utterances of Mr. Bennett much more recently, which appeared to him to be on political topics. (Laughter.) Mr. Bennett's reference to the fickleness of the public must have been inspired by the esult of the East Dorset election. (Loud laughter.)

===== 0002601_19040319_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
DAINTY TEA-TABLE FARE.

Mothers and daughters could add to the delights of the tea-table if they only knew, as thousands of them do, how easily and quickly the most dainty and tempt- ing little tea scones and light cakes can be made with the help of Brown tt Poison's new raising powder called "Paisley Flour." "Paisley Flour" is mixed one part with six to eight parts of ordinary flour, and delicious pan-bread can be baked with it, without the tedious delay caused by the use of yeast, or the uncertainty of baking powder. "Paisley Flotir "is worth a trial by all who bake at home, indeed, it has made many converts to home-baking. Get a 7d. packet from your grocer, and see for yourself. If you are not pleased with it you can get your money back at Brown & Poison's expense. dn.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS.

WARRINGTON DRAUGHTS LEAGUE. CROSFIELDS WARRINGTON Wins. Draws. Wins. 0 S. Dent 0 J. Robinson 0 H. Gardner 2 G. James 0 W. E. Clegg 1 R. Bell 2 A. Williams

• The following matches were played at the rooms of the first-named clubs, during the past week : Druw.s

FLETCHERS. Wins.

WAERINGTON. Wins.

. _ 0. J. Hamblett 2 0 W. Trigger 0 P. Walsh 1 J. Connolly 1 J. Blackburn' 0 J. F. Dixon 1 T. Norbury ......... 0 E. P. Dunne 0 W. Wych 2 R. Mochrie 0 *Absentee,

* Forfeits two games as per rules. CAIRO-STREET. MONKS HALL. Wins. Draws. Wins. I W. Tomkinson 2 W. Massey 0 C. Powell 0 0 H. Richardson 1 W. Potter 2 J. Greeni 0 J. Hartland 2 F. Wright 2 E. Eden

LEAGUE TABLE. (Including results up to date.) Matches. Games.

P. W. L. D. W. L. D. Pts. Cairo-street Riehmonds Fletebers warrington Monks Hall Padgate 8 2 5 1 ... 38 36.23 ... 5 Crosfields

NEXT WEEKS' FIXTURES. To be played at the rooms of the first named clubs : March 21.—Padgate v. Cairo-street. „ 21.—Richmonds v. Crosfields. " • 91 —Monks Hall v. Fletchers.

PASSIVE RESISTANCE: NEW STYLE. A new variety of passive resister has turned up at Stockport. A defendant summoned ou Thursday for non-payment of poor rate, said he was r!uassive resister, but not of the Education Act. He paid two shillings per week towards his mother's support, and he claimed that under the circumstances he ought to pay :no more poor rate.

BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA. SUFFERED SIX YEARS. CURED BY VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. -- Mrs. MARTIN HILL, The Hem, Shifnal,Salop, writes: "I have had what the doctor called bronchial asthma, and he said I would never be cured, but thanks be to God and Veno's Lightning Cough Cure I am better now than I have been for six years. I can lie down and have a good night's rest, which seems a God-send to me. I had tried everything that people told me of but nothing did me a bit of good. During the Winter I had to sit in a chair for months at a time because of the shortness of breath. All that has gone now, and I am looking very well. VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is the purest, safest and most efficient remedy procurable for coughs, colds, chronic bronchitis, asthma, catarrh, weak lungs, and children's coughs. Price 90., is. 10. and 2s. 9d., at chemists and drug stores.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POWERS OF LICENSING JUSTICES.

PROTEST AGAINST THREATENED RESTRICTIONS. Mr. F. MonlTs:-i.P. and the Long Pull."

A public me3ting promoted by the Warrington Temperance Federation was held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey street, on Wednesday evening, to protest against " the proposal to take away powers long held ,by licensing magistrates." Mr. F. Monks, J.P. pre- • sided over a fair attendance. He was supported on the platform by the Revs. J. F. Matthews, C. Harvey Cook, John Yonge, G. H. Carnson, and J. S. Hughes, Messrs. T. Birchall, J.P. J. W. Hayward, J.P. E. J. Guest, J,P. E. Boreland (Liverpool), C. E. Parker, and W. H. Sherburn (secretary). The local branch of j the British Women's Temperance Association was well represented._ At the outset

The 'Rev. J. F. gkrrilEW3 said that when the Temperance Federation decided to hold that meeting, their first idea was that the meeting should not be a meeting of temperan” people only, but that it should, as far as:possible, be a meeting of the citizens of their dear old town. Having decided oa that point, they thought the very best thins to do would be to ask the Chairman of the local Licensing Bench to take the chair. (Applause.) They knew tint when Mr. Nionks came among his fellow-citizens, he was not only sure of a very warm and cordial welcome, but that what- ever he had to say carried exceeding weight for the simple reason that they all knew him to be a good man. (Applause.)

LETTERS OF APOLOGY. VIE RECTOR'S OPINION.

Mr.StrEanurts than raid several latters of apology for non attendance.

Miss Bessie Dutton wrote: Ich in my own heart most earnestly protest against any bill which may lessen the discretionary power of magistrates in refusing licences, and feel confident that any attempt to pass such a bill will arouse indignation and opposition which it will be impossible to allay. The Rector (Rev. Ciao!' Willis) wrote : I have a special service on Wednesday evening and cannot attend a public meeting that night. If I had been free I would certainly have attended and expressed ray opinion in favour of a continuance of the present system of grant- ing or refusing licences. I have perfect confidence in the fairness and wisdom of the local magistrates. Mr. Ziba Armitage, who WAS away from home, wrote: My sympathies are eatirely with the object of the meeting, and I trust that the Prime Minister will be made to feel that he cannot tamper with the discre- tion of the magistrates in this matter, without incur- ring the displeasure of the law-abiding portion of the community. Mr. H. Roberts wrote: lam afraid I cannot con- veniently attend to-night's meeting as 'should have liked to enter my strong protest against any attempt to restrict the powers at present possessed by the licens- ing justices. If any alteration is needed it is most certainly in the direction of the amplification of such powers rather than in their reduction. I also feel very strongly that Quarter Sessions justices ought to be deprived of any power to reimpose upon any district, licences which for good cause have bean refused by the local magistrates. Mr. FRED STOTT wrote that owing to other engage- ments he could not be present. "My sympathies" he said" are entirely with the objects of the meeting, and as a representative of the working classes, I can assure you that our desire is to have a larger control of the drink traffic through our public representative. We therefore strongly protest against any proposal which will decrease that control, and increase the power of the brewers and their allies." The Rev. R. WiLKENs REE 3 WIS unable to attend owing to a meeting at Lymm. "I am," he wrote, "in very strong sympathy with the object of the meeting and sincerely hope that the protest made will be most emphatic and quite unanimous." The Rev. Aorley Stevenson had written stating that until the Government proposals were more definitely stated he preferred to withhold any expression of opinion. Unfortunately, said Mr. SHF:RBURN, they very soon found that was just a moment too late. Other letters of apology had been received from Councillors L. Ellison and EL Taornton. THE CEIXIIINIAN'S SPEECH.

The CIIIIRMAN said that when Mr. Matthews asked him to take the chair he had no hesitation in doing so, because after more than twenty years' experience on the Licensing Committee, he thought he was in a posi- tion to speak with some authority as to their policy and the result. (Applause.) As far as Warrington was concerned, he did not think there was the slightest need for any interference on the ground of undue hard- ship in carrying out the law as it stood. He ventured to say that there was not apublican in Warrington, who had lived here during the last twenty years, who could with any degree of fairness; say that he had suffered in the slightest degree from any action of the magistrates If a publican had been fined, or if anything had been done to restrict his action, it had been in accordance with the law and in the interest of the public welfare, , and that, he held,was the paramount, duty of the magis- trates to attend to. The restrictions imposed had been in accordance with the law, and for the comfort and advantage of licence holders. He believed he was correct in saying that during the twenty years that he had been a member of the Licensing Committee no new licence had been granted. In 1883 there was one fully- licensed public-house to every 333 inhabitants pf the borough. There were then 135 beerhouses and fully licenced houses whereas to-day there were 123. Taking the population at 67,000 it worked out to an average of 545 per head of the population. That had been done without any injustice to anyone, and with good results as far as the inhabitants were concerned. As far as the action of the Warrington justices was concerned, there was not the slightest need for any interference, and he thought they were quite right in resenting interference on the part of the Government, at the instigation of the brewers. (Hear, hear.) He was glad to say that within the last two or three years the off-licences ' had been placed under the control of the magistrates. Mr. Gladstone, he thought, never committed a bigger blunder in the • whole course of his life, than when he passed the Bill authorizing off-licences. (Hear,hear.) He (Mr. Monks) believed the off-licences were worse than the fully- licensed houses or beerhouses, because they lent them- selves more to secret drinking. He hoped the time would come when the magistrates would be able to deal drastically with off-licence holders if they found them violating the law. (Applause.) Some time ago the Licensing Committee specially requested that the system of the long pull should be stopped,and a sort of promise was given to , the Bench that that would be done. He, however, had it on the very best authority that the long pull was still in practice in Warrington, and he did not hestitate to say that if it continued he thought] it would be a just ground for refusing a licence.—(applause)—because, in his opinion, it was an evasion and an illegal act on the part of the licencee. He was not going to blame the publican any more than he blamed anyone else. The publican was to a certain extent the creature of circumstances. They were not now dealing with the old-fashioned system under which a man brewed beer and there was competition: not in giving so much of it, but in giving the best beer which did not do anything like the harm that the bear now sold might do. Under the tied-house system it was an impossibility for any magistrate or police officer to ascertain the amount of pressure that was brought to bear upon the individual licence-holder to sell as much beer as he possibly could. Therefore he held that if the long pull system were con- tinued, it would be a right and proper thing for the magistrates to strike not only at the licence-holder but at the man who owned the house, because it was for him to see that the house was properly conducted, and that the proper quantity of beer which was paid for was sold, and no more. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19040319_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
A RESOLUTION OF PROTEST.

Mr. T. BIRCEIALL moved: "That this . meeting o citizens of Warrington piptests most strongly against any reduction of the discretionary powers so long exer- cised by the licensing magistrates with respect to the free and unquestionable right of refusal to grant or re- new licences for the sale of intoxicating liquors which, in the interest of public welfare anl morality, the magistrates may deem it expldient to refuse, such re- duction of powers being in direct opposition to the vital laws of progressive government which ever tend towards increasing the powers of local self-control." He thought in regard to the threatened legisla- tion on the powers of licensing justices, the Government had yielded in a most dastardly way to the pressure of the trade. He did not want to say any hard things of the trade, but it was not like other trades,and wanted specially looking after.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
"WHY DON'T YOU DRINK VI-00C311 ?"

Every working man and woman should be asked this question daily. The opinion of the Ref. F. F. Taylor, of Suddenham near Manchester, who writes :—" I like Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa very much, and have used it every day. I believe it is all you represent it to be. It is far away to be preferred to tea, coffee, and other cocoas," is the opinion of thousands. You must have read the striking testimony that is being publisheddaily respecting the merits of Vi-Cocoa. And yet you have not tried it. We advise you to do so at once.

Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa can be obtained in 6d. packets and 9d. and Is. G 1 tins from all grocers and stores ; or the Proprietors will send you free a dainty sample tin upon receipt of a post card to 60, Bunhill-row,London, E.C., asking them to do so.

llt had always been found to be a dangerous trade and for centuries they had had more legislation, he thought, lin regard to the management of this trade, than with respect to any other. He did not always blame the publican. The fact was that he was selling an article which,if the Angel Gabriel sold it,would be mischievous (Hear, hear). He was not going to give any opinion as to the wisdom or otherwise of taking intoxicating drink, but this he did know, and there was no getting over the fact—that the greater the sale, the more disastrous the results. (Hear hear.) He had taken a great deal of interest in the work of the War- rington bench in. dealing with various crimes, and during the last magisterial year, ending in November, he tabulated the various cases of lawlessness which came before him. In round figures, he adjudicated on 830 cases. Of these 253 were "drunks," 203 resulted from drinking, and 1.61 were other cases, such as school attendance prosecutions. They would therefore see that the cases resulting from drinking were three to one against the others. It mubt also be borne in mind that were the parents sober and thrifty, many of the school attendance cases would not have to be brought before the Court. It was very requisite that the licensing justices should devote a great deal of time to their duties and so be able to stand between the public and the publicans for the protection of the public. It was a great mistake to think that their powers needed curtailing. They wanted, if anything, increasing. The magistrates protested most energetically that they had dealt mildly with cases, as far as the publicans were concerned. The tendency had not been on the side of drastic restriction, but rather on the side of leniency. He was hoping that the threatened legisla- tion would end in smoke. The more they protested and the better likely it was to do so. He thought the Gov- ernment was beginning to see that the country was roused If some of their Church of England friends would for once stand and be temperance wen and temperance re- formers before political opponents, he thought they would be doing a very good servios. (Applause). He was afraid sometimes that they talked one way and voted the other, but this time they would not do so. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19040319_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
AlEt. E. J. GUEST AND THE LOCAL BENCH.

Mr. E. J. GUEST seconded. He was. he belidved, regarded by his fellow justices as somewhat of a fanatic. He went a great deal further than Mr. Monks and many others. He regarded public-houses as public nuisances—(applause)—and the fewer they had of them the better. (Applause.) There was no question that landowners who had the power were very careful not to have too many public houses on their land. In many cases they restricted the number to one, and in some cases they had none at all. His feeling in the matter was that the public ought to have local option. (Rear, hear.) He had a great respect for his fellow magistrates, but they were not representative men. They were not amendable to public opinion in the sense of being voted for, and therefore he thought the public ought to have the same power to say whether they would have public- houses in their midst, as the land owner had the power to say whether he would have them on his land or not. Mr. Monks had told them that the number of licences:in Warrington had not increased. That might be so; but there had been bar- gaining between the magistrates and the brewers. Licences had been given up in congested areas where they were not needed and where, he supposed,they were not productive, and new licences had been given in dis- tricts where they were not wanted—(hear,hear)—and in districts where the owners of houses and ratepayers pro- tested against them.He had always raised his voice against that,but, he had never been listened to.He had always been a minority. He certainly thought that the magistrates, so long as they remained between the public and the brewer, ought not to have their powers restricted. They certainly ought to have as much power as they had now. He wished they would use that power—(hear. hear)—as they might use it. They had begun to use it in Liverpool, Birmingham, and other places, with very happy results, and he trusted that the magistrates generally would, so long as they had the power, use it better than they had done in the past. He was looking forward to the time when they would not be governed so much by expediency as by justice to everyone. (Ap- plause.) WHAT HAS BEEN DONE IN LIVERPOOL.

Mr. E. BORELAND asked his hearers not to put the hand of the clock back 400 years. For 400 years magis- trates had been endowed with powers in regard to licences—powers that were given expressly for the pro- tection of the public, and not for the protection of the publican. (Hear, hear.) The brewer as a seller of intoxicating drink under a tied house system never came into the minds of the legislature at all. He did not think the people at the beginning of the twentieth cen- tury were prepared to go backward on this important question. (Hear, hear.) He quite admitted that for the last few years they had been so accustomed politically to go backward, that to go forward at all would be a•strange experience. But after all it was time to cry "Halt." (Hear, hear.) We had gone back far enough. The licensing question was one that concerned•those who drank and those who did not. He believed the action of the Liverpool licens- ing bench had had no little part in moving the liquor traffic to interview the Prime Minister. Up to the beginning of last year,the Liverpool mvistrates closed 418 liquor shops and the liquor men were not so muchl concerned about what had taken place but were rathet frightened of what was coming. Mr. Balfour scolded the benches of magistrates for doing their manifest duty and practically asked the Quarter Sessions to upset the decisions of the local benches of magistrates. Mr. Balfour also promised that the Government would introduce legislation to prevent magistrates from carrying on their work. Many benches of magis- trates had held their hands in consequence of the threat but he was glad to know that' the Warrington bench had done something this year, in taking away music licences. (Hear, hear.) Public-houses ought not to have any adventitious aid in the shape of music and dancing and amusements of that 'kind to encourage drinking. (Hear, hear.) The licensing committees of Liverpool, Man- chester and Wigan Countylhe was glad to think,had not held their hands in consequence of Mr. Balfour's in- timidation. Last month, the Liverpool bench extin- guished 71 licences, makinga reduction of 489 in fifteen years.

The CHAIRMAN: You had a good many to start with. Mr. BORELAND : We had not as many as some places but I think we were worse than you were a few years ago. Continuing, Mr. Boreland said some magistrates had taken their cue from Mr. Balfour and had not done their duty. illlr. Balfour was still unrepentent, and had written stating that he was prepared to carry out the promise he male to the trade twelve months ago. The Licensing Bill would not be introduced until the last minute and he had a shrewd suspicion that if Mr. Balfour could drop the thing he would be glad to do it. (Hear. hear.) But the liquor men had him by the "scuff of the neck." and were demanding their pound of flesh, and as they had votes and money and influence at elections, he did not see bow Mr. Balfour was going to get out of the difficulty. He hardly thought that the House of Commons, which had previously declined to grant compensation, would now consent to do so. If the liquor traffic required compensation for licences surrendered, let them provide it themselves from their own funds. (Hear, hear.) The only man he had any with was the publican who ran his own busi- ness, and a publican of this kind could insure himself against the risk of losing his licence with the Licensing Insurance Corporation for the sum of £5 per annum, and for that small premium be could receive £l,OOO in the,event of the licence being withdrawn. He had no sympathy with the rich brewing companies with their tied houses and had still less sympathy for the 300 parsons who owned shares in brewing companies. (Hear, hear.) If.the discretionary povv3r of the magistrates were taken away, the public would be at the mercy of the liquor trade and the big brewing syndicates of the United Kingdom. That was a vary serious matter. (Hear, hear.) Speaking of the work of the Church of England Temperance Society. Mr. Boreland said he had organised 39 meetings on the lines of the present one in the Liver- pool district, and he had received permission to publish the names of 228 supporters. Of these 228 supporters he was pleased to say that 45 ha,l been Church of England clergymen. (Applause.) Many of the meetings were held in Church of Englagd premises, lent free for the occasion, and very often the Rector or Vicar had been in the chair. He believed many of these clergy- men would march side by side with temperance workers. and at the next election would npt vote for candidates who would support the Government in their wild career of fastening the liquor tradelupon this nation, as it had never been fastened before, but rather in favour of men who would expand the liberties ofithelpeople and entrust them with the power of saying whether they would have any liquor houses in their districts, and if so on what conditions. (Applause ~ • The resolution was carried unanimously. THE SECOND RssoLurioN.

The R3V. G. H. CARNSON moved the second resolution which read as follows :—" That this meeting is opposed to any legislation which would tend to wardsthe creation of vested interests in licenses granted by magistrates— such licenses being subject to withdrawal from year to year should the public interest require it. (2) That copies of these resolutions ba sent to the Prime Minister the M.P., for the Borough, and the Town Clerk." Mr. Carnson said he had not taken a very prominent part in temparance work in Warrington but on such occasions as Temperance Sunday when he had taken the opportunity of referring to temperance questions,ladies had told him that they admired his zeal but not his judgment. (Laughter.) He was not a politican, but it appeared to him that efforts were being made to make the drink traffic firmer and more powarful than it had been before. (Hear, hear.) If it were a good trade it would not need it. 'He heard of a publichouse not tea miles away for which a sum of £7,000 was given. He understood that the rating of that house was about £75 A private house not very far away was valued at £1,500 and it was rated at 215. There was something wrong about these values and it puzzled him absolutely. The Chairman had just told him that he ought to get to know. (Laughter.) If they allowed the Government to make the drink traffic a vested interest the public would be in a worse position than before. Looking at the effects of this trade they could not, in the best interests of this country, allow the Govern- ment to accomplish this object. (Hear, hear.) He would like anyone to tell him what good the trade did. He thought it would horrify some of the ladies and gentlemen who fingered the profits of the trade if they went into the lower parts of our cities and towns and saw the effects of alcoholic drink. The ramifications of

the trade were tremendous, and these increased the difficulties of temperance workers. He trusted everyone would be determined to light against any curtailment of he power of the magistrates. (Hear, hear.) THE REV. C. HARVEY COOK AND THE BREWERS' REQUEST.

The Rev. C. HARVEY COOK, in seconding the resolu- tion, said if he could have his way, he would have the cost of all the illfortune brought to our beloved land by the drinking of intoxicating liquors, refunded from the brewers' profits. (Hear, hear.) There were four questions which they ought to put to themselves : (1) What is the liquor trade asking of the Government? (2) Why is it asking? (3) Who are they who areasking? (4) How are they asking? He tried to study this ques- tion in a judicial temper, detaching himself from all prejudices and looking at it in the light of pure fact.. What was it that the liquor trade was asking of the Government ?It was simply this. The trade was:asking to have an immensely valuable property handed over to it gratuitously. The proprietorship in licences was worth millions of money, and he could quite understand why this concession was being asked. If he were a brewer he would be disposed to join in. If he could get a valuable property for nothing, there was so much human nature in him that he would have it, though he were a parson. (Laughter). The request was made for the creation of a vested interest in licences and if the Government granted it the day of the Government of the people for the people by the people was past. (Applause). They wanted the workingman to understand what this matter meant to him. (Hear, hear). One heard so much about the workingman that , one got absolutely sick of hearing about him, as though there were no others who worked, except the man who stripped his sleeves up, and as though no one did any thing worth having except the men of big muscles who earned their living by the sweat of their brow. There were other kinds of work calling for greater physical energy, for greater mental effort and greater exhaustion than that demanded of the working man. (Hear, hear.) When the licensed trade said that their trade was their politics, then if ever the devil showed himself he showed himself there. (Laughter.) It was the cloven hoof. If a man's trade were his politics then he was no longer influenced by the compassion of brotherhood and the care of his kind. (Hear, hear). He quite understood that a man might make his trade his politics, but let him not call himself a lover of his kind; let him not dare to take upon himself the name of a brother of the human race. Such a man no longer cared for the people; all he wanted was to establish himself so that he could not be moved. Why was the trade • making this request? Because it wanted to make its position legislatively secure. It did not want the matter left in the hands of the people. The trade wanted to get entrenched behind Acts of Parliament so that if the people wanted to touch it it would be able to bring in a costly bill for getting its legislation altered, and the power of the people would be simply impotent against it. "The trade" knew what it wanted. He wished temperance people knew better what they wanted. (Hear, hear.) What was more, the trade was bent on getting what it wanted and if enthusiasm, spending money and giving time would bring about what it wanted, the trade would get it. If temperance workers and social reformers did not show up to the peopleS the specious pleas and the specious arguments of the trade, the trade would win and rigthly so. He had no patience withpeople who complained because others won when they might have won and simply lost through sheer ignorance. It was significant that contemporaneously with the rise of the tied house was coming the demand for the creation of a vested interest. -When the publican ran his own house he did not ask for compensation. He did not even ask for a vested interest. It was only since the growth of the tied house that this request had been made. What did it mean? It meant that it was not the poor publican who was asking for a vested interest it was the rich brewer—the man who ought to I stand alone best. (Hear, hear.) Did they suppose for one moment that if this were granted that the publican would be in a better position? If they granted a vested interest the poor publican would become poorer and the rich brewer richer. That was the whole trend of the thing. It was quite pitiable to see men going, cap in hand, saying "Oh these terrible teetotal people. We do wish you would do something with them. These poor fanatics—cannot you put them in some asylum or curtail their powers? Oh, do something for us, good man." (Laughter.) Now that that hae not succeeded, the brewers hadfried a game of bluff. 'They were now demanding something, and when a man demanded of him, he (Mr. Cook) was not going to take it lying down. (Applause). If the workingman of the country would only understand the brewers' request; only under- stand what it is going to lead to, if granted, he would not take it lying down. (Hear, hear.) In the name of Gol, in the name of our common humanity, in the name of our English brotherhood, in the name of the people, , for the love of our country, for our homes, for our children, let them kindly but firmly yet unmistakably I quash the request of the trade. (Applause). PUBLIC SPIRIT REQUIRED.

The Rev. JOHN YONGE moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman. They all, he said, looked upon Mr. Monks as one of the best friends the town possessed. It might be that in some things he and they might not see eye to eye, but they believed in his honesty, impartiality, generosity, and public spirit. He (Mr. Yonge) con- fessed that when he saw such a comparatively small audience, his heart went down towards his boots. He wondered when Warrington ever would answer to the call of a great cause, apart from party feeling or de- nominational ends. What they wanted in Warrington, beyond everything else perhaps, was a thoroughly public and patriotic spirit, a thoroughly Christian and humane spirit which would always lead the people in all their churches, and all through the town, to rally together for the support and advocacy of a Christian cause. He submitted that the cause which had called them there that night was one of the greatest and most urgent causes that they had before them at the present day. He wished it could have been possible to say that Warrington, by a large, enthusiastic and crovvded meeting, had carried all the resolutions sub- mitted. He was quite at onewith ihespeakers in think- ing that if the Government did succeed—and he earnestly prayed they might not—in putting that fetter on the discretion of the magistrates, it would be a very sad thing for the country. He earnestly hoped all present would do their best to educate their friends and neighbours into seeing the impolicy of the proposals which the Prime Minister had suggested to the nation. (Applause.) The Rev. J. F. MATTHEWS seconded, and the motion was heartily agreed to. The CHAIRMAN, in reply, said the licensing question was one to which he had given a great deal of thought. Ho could not say he agreed with all that theZspeakers had said—he thought some of them had rather wandered from the subject—but on the main point they quite agreed. He honed the result of the agitation would be that the Government would let well alone. (Applause,)

===== 0002601_19040319_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

ELECTIONS OF DISTRICT COUNCILLORS AND GUARDIANS.

The opposing candidates in the Viaduct and Town Hall Wards are busy looking up the electors, and in consequence of the varying interests concerned, the con- tests are likely to be very keen. Contests for the posi- tions of Guardians will take place in the Viaduct and Wargrave Wards. In the former, Mr. T. Lythgoe opposes Mr. John Clarke, who for very many years has been a familiar figure on the Board, and in the latter, Mr. Astley King, Ironmonger, opposes Mr. E. L. Bent. The elections take place on the 28th inst. LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD INQUIRY AT EARLESTOWN.

Mr. F. H. Tulloch, M.1.C.E., acting on behalf of the Local Government Board, held at inquiry at the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Wednesday morning, into the application of the Newton-in-Makerfield Urban District Council for the issue by the Board of a provisional order to amend their local Act. The Council sought powers to increase the width of new streets, to purchase, sell, and let for hire gas stoves, and to remove the limit placed on their borrowing powers in resuect of their water undertaking. In connection with the latter, the Clerk to the Council (Mr. C. Cole) reported that out of the sum of £3LOOO which the Council were authorised to borrow £27,172 had been sanctioned, and £5,546 was still required to complete the scheme. The yield of water from the boreholes, well, and headings is 513,000 gallons per twenty-four hours,and the average consump- tion about 300,000 gallons, or 17 gallons per day per head.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Mini' Cases. IVIoNDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillor Thornton, and Messrs. Birchall and Wright. FIGHTING.—Patrick Carey, Gleesons, Bank-street, and Thomas Stockton, hawker, 3, Old Gardens, were sum- moned for fighting on Pinner's-brow on the sth inst. P.C. Burton proved the case and each defendant was bound over to keep the peace for six months, apd ordered, to pay the costs.—A. similar charge was preferred against Thomas Quinn, 2.) Bank-street, and John Moran, 12, Back Crossley-street. P.C. Stewart said he saw defen- dants fighting on the sth inst. in Golden Grove-street. Quinn did not appear and a warrant was issued for his arrest. Moran was bound overt° keep the peace. OBSCENE LANGUAGE.—.Sarah Henshaw,l62, Winwi ck- road, was fined ss. including costs for having made use of obscene language in Winwick-road on the 6th inst.

THE GREAT SKIN CURE.—" Budden's S.R. Skin Ointment" will cure Old Wounds, Ulcerated Legs, Eczema, Ringworm, Scrofula, Piles and Scurvy, and all Skin Diseases. Boxes, 7id. and 1/ lid. Agent for St Helens: J. W. Jackson. Warrifigton : H. M.Ashton Runcorn: Weston and Co. Earlestown : A. Peake Widnes: Lewis and Calvert, Ltd.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DRUNK.

A LESSON FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES AND TRADES UNIONS.

Looking through my " Examiner," the first of the New Year's issue, I found more than one reference to the sad case of a boy of 14 years being found drunk and lying across the footpath. I must confess that I was somewhat surprised at reading this because I remembered that some months ago the British papers were jubilant over some temperance work which the Imperial Parliament had just allowed to escape it,and which gave what seemed to be a tremervlous power into thd hands of the magistracy. Had some one blundered? Had Parliament made a mistake, or were the magistrates afraid to use the powers placed in their hands? However this might be the fact re- mained that it was still possible for young lads to get drunk and it was not possible to find out that any one bad been punished according to the law. Is it in order to ask if the boy of fourteen is the father of the man? If the answer be in the affirmative, and drunken boys are numerous then may Britain be decad- ent. Previous to my son starting out to Honolulu,he had for his Sunday work the teaching of a class of young men whose ages would average 20 years each. The results were not satisfactory to him and he invited me to have a talk with him about it. My position was a rather difficult one as my experience would not allow me to give him the least encouragement on the religious ' side of the question. The boys wanted to have, and would have" a good time." The Pastor's sermons were voted a bore and Charlie's " talks " were not much better. The constant cry of the elders of the church and Sunday school was, "What shall we do to keep our hold on the young men ?" Of course there is nothing original in this question. It has been asked times without number. The Roman Catholic Church keeps its hold from birth to the grave There is no worrying about the soul's salvation, neither is there any trouble about the Sabbath day. Go to early mass, take the car, and be off to the races, and the church is satisfied. I speak the truth in say- ing this, I see it every Sunday the year round. The great point is not to die without seeing the priest. But I am leaving my text. Charlie and I concluded first, that a vast number of parents were simply unfit to have the flare and bringing up of children,and next, that his time would be better employed if he directed his energies and such aptitude as he had for teaching to the training of the young mind when it made its first appearance in the Sunday schools. There still remains the young man to deal with. How to keep him out of the public house is the question. Several speeclles have been made in Warrington recently on this very important subject, and with not one of them could I agree, nor could I find anything practical. My old friend Mr. H. Thornton, I just pitied. He saw no way out of the trouble. His only panacea seemed to be christianity, but I think that he must allow that that has entirely failed. Drunken men and boys do not, and will not listen to sermons and teetotal lectures. Mr. Thornton may spend his money, but it will be of no use. The most sober people on earth,—and they are found in India,—know nothing of Christian methods. I think very few men have seen more of drunken- ness than I have. I spent three of my young years in the home of a Roman Catholic, and he ,was an inveterate drunkard, and I twice cut him down,_ when he was attempting to hang himself. I stood at his bedside when he was dying, and read from the book that was placed in my hand the service that was to take him to heaven. I have more than once seen the man that was to teach me my trade, take the bread out of the house and sell it for beer. To me the question I write of, has always had an importance above and beyond all others, and yet I am not a teetotaler.

For a number of years every question that has come under my notice for consideration has had to be first determined upon from a labour point of view. How will it affect the workingman? I am satisfied that drunkenness and gambling are the greatest evils he has to contend with. Could the workingmen of England be kept sober for one month, the change they would experience would simply knock the bottom out of the everlasting labour and capital question. Teetotalers should, in my opinion, try to bring about a sort of coalition arrangement with men who are not abstainers, but are men of good repute and fixed habits. They would then hear of method whereby young men would certainly be kept out o two of the greatest snares that the spirit of evil could possibly invent. I refer to the Friendly Society's Lodge and the Trades Union Lodge. These two Lodges represent institutions to which I am much attached, and have been a member of, all my life, and lam not likely to try to do them an injury. I speak for their good and that of the community. In the summer of 1903 I took a week's vacation at an old gold mining camp in the Nevada mountains. In conversation with some of the residents I found that an Oddfellows' Lodge was a great feature in the camp. Of course I had to tell them I was a P.P.G.M., of the English Order. Their curiosity was aroused, and we discussed the difference existing between the two Orders. This ended in me receiving a pleasing invitation to attend the Lodge. It was a gala night, a banquet and speech making. I found quite a num- ber of lady Oddfellows, and they saw after the feed- ing business in great style. After this came the speech making, and I could have wished my English brothers to have been present. I think they would have heard something that would have benefited them. No Lodge has any connection whatever with intoxicat- ing liquors, nor is any member of an Oddfellows' Lodge allowed to have, either directly or indirectly any profit from the sale of intoxicating liquors. Of course I had to give a talk, and I took this feature, and the presence of the ladies for my text. I was sure that this was one way, and a good one, of making the workingman a sober man, even if there wai no theology mixed up with it. I must also state that better even than the above is the fact that Labour meetings are never held in saloons, or _public houses.

The great lesson to be learned from this is, I think, the biggest object lesson the reformer can learn. The Young man, say of 17 and on, does not have the sense Of shame blunted at entering a public-house under the plea or excuse that he is only attending his Lodge, or Trade Union meeting. The young man of 17 or 18 years of age is persuaded to join an Order. Possibly he was never in a public-house before, but he must go in one now if he wishes to join a Lodge. When he comes out of the Lodge room there is the invitation to go into one of the other rooms and "have a glass." There is no need that I should say any more, the result must be apparent to all. If you want to do something practical, remove the labour Union, and the Friendly Society's Lodge from the public house and its environments!

I would advise my reader to get the first issue of Mr. Stead s "Daily Paper" and turn to page 3 where he will 'find the following item touching just one small portion of London, that of Paddington. The whole male population of Paddington at the last Census was 61,065. But the number of adult males who on Sunday, December 27, 1903, visited the public-houses of Paddington was 83,411. From this it would appear that very few of the males of Paddington are " oncers." The bulk of them go to the public-house in the afternoon, and then return again in the evening. The number of male adults attending all the places open for religious worship when the" Daily News " Census was taken was only 8,099. The figures are only one degree less distressing when we turn to the statistics as to women and children. There are 82,350 females in Paddington, of whom 16,275 went to church or chapel on Census Sunday. But 28,118 adult females visited the public-houses on December 27. The figures as to children are even more amazing. De- spite recent legislation. 10,646 children under 15 visited Paddington public-houses, while only 6,957 went to church. The figures are disheartening, but they are at any rate conclusive.. So far as Padd- ington is concerned, London, on Sunday worships Bacchus, and not ,Christ. VDoes this worshiping of Bacchus pay the working- man? My experience, and it has been a long and varied one, answers emphatically No ! HENRY WHIT.EIAM, San Francisco. Feb. 1904,

===== 0002601_19040319_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Fels-Naptha

Moneyback goes with telling the truth.

FOs-Naptha is true: it does cut washday to half; it does save boiling; it does save clothes; it does save money.

Fels-Naptha 3g Wilson street London E C

NOTED:GUINEA GOLD WEDDING RINGS A HANDSOME PRESENT, GIVEN to every pilif

- - chaser of a ring. Engagement Rings a Speciality. GWALTHAMI: ELGIN.: Be,i ENGLISH

LEVER WATCHES. For Jewellery of every description the public WO n'M 4.414 benefit by visiting,

CHARLES WOLF

R---4 A 1 Wholesale Jeweller, 10, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOD,

Ni............

, IVII

TRH centred tection shewri Vorkerf fairly ipweve lug the 4ar WOr

The pc WE \ of tOt so There teeded icipotent za.nd te ten; ...congest ..,onorx i• ly be wree reform I;iseal utieed Prosper

1/floney :Now, 11130 n special

pure') mer illeau a of life. 'Week ir g° out •;"4:111 Rf , £6 th" h ns go aos 941 y go I d llStea accept

lEtirOpc tl "e Well 11P°4 1%31. nee - ranee trm

l'ranco teeords 8° far there al oth Xow !killed towns i 7011teePt rli Thes:'o w'''rkme Ger Fra Ore

Ilere a. above • Be/ Pal 101 4:hus -ir 117 at ;ye fin, ,or a %11ntri Lin

Frt It is i its gu ,W°rkim g"uld 'errna:

One workin gureed the fin., Or

ours . arid . Ir.,oater x ree , /11ean; "hen IS sla, -13 the

A Itchir ttreauth kent to vase of ordina; Itnd ree Illedy tnernist 28 Shoe.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
t

WORK AND WAGES.

TRE TEST OF PROTECTION.

WILL IT HELP THE WORKERS P

7HR Fiscal controversy has vory largely centred itself upon one question: "Will Pro- ion protect the workman ? " If it can le 81113Wn that Protection would benefit the 'workers, then the case for Tariff Reform is fairly well proved. We think we can show, tiowever, that so far from Protection improv- pg the lot of the workers it would make it Lar worse.

The Policy of Contentment. t.WE will start by admitting that the co.ncli- -I°ll of the working classes in Great Britain is I,?t so bright as it might be, or ought to be. -ttlere are many political and social reforms needed before we can adopt an attitude. of r''')ritentment. Reforms as to housing, transit, ta.rld tenure, drink traffic, need urgent atten- -1°11; but our present evils of overcrowding, e`lEgestion of population in large towns, konopoly of land, and intemperance would 9,11137 be increased by a policy of Protection. ;ree Traders are prepared to support social Pl°rErl, but they are not prepared to uproot a ascal policy which, they contend, has pro- "ced a wlder distribution of wealth and Prosperity than is possible under Protection.

--- Money and Money's Worth. ,OW, in considering the effect of Protection "Pen the workers, we have to consider two IPecial points. These are: • 1. The amount of the workers' wages. ' 2. The amount of goods these wages will Purchase. There rise in wages does not .necessarily illpan a greater ability to purchase the comforts life. A workman who only earned Ws. a Week in Great Britain could, a few years ago, g° out to South Africa (before the war) and 111 £6 a week. But he soon found out that .ti!a £6 in Johannesburg would go no further 'an his Ws. at home. The price of living go high that it swallowed up the whole of ii:-...reased wages. The workman wants not °;1113' good wages, but cheap living. Protection 411atead of giving this would -force him to 4eeept low *ages and dear living.

lEri :°Pe an Workmen. • EP ORE we proceed to argue the question /I 1 the purely British point of view, it will lie Well if we look at the conditions of labour op9u .the Continent. First, take the number unemployed. Here are the tiguces for l'enee and Great Britain in 1903 : , nU employed in Protectionist France ••• 10 per cent. Unemployed in Free Trade Great Britain ... 5 per cent. ranee is the only Continental country which ;eeurds the number of its unemployed. But, th f‘lr as we can judge from other sources, ere are fcwer Unemployed in France than in- 'll3r other part of Europe. 1N.01,7 let us consider the wages paid in the ...killed trades. These figures refer to all e"us in Great Britain, France, and Germany, ileept the capital towns London, Paris, and Irlin, where, of course, wages are higher. : ese are the average wages earned by skilled Oren in the provincial towns of the three eelintri es :

Germany... France ... Great Britain

223. 6d. per week 238. 365.

71 77'

ttere are the figures of average wags earned by !killed workmen in the capital towns of the 4bove Countries: Berlin ... 245. per week. Paris 365. „ pp, London 425. „„ „ 4-nus we see that in Free Trade Great Britain tiages are higher than in any of the Protec- fist conntrios. The price of broad is a very \-v!r standard of the general cost of living. f,,e find that the following are the prices paid -I. a 41b. loaf in the above-mentioned e°lllltrles : United Kingdom ... 4d. to sd. Prance ••• ••• •Germn,ny (black bread) ... 520. IS important to remember that while the iter/nan loaf costs little. more than our own vs quality is terribly inferior. No British 11,10-nan who was not absolutely starving q(1111d touch the black bread upon which the errnan workman has to live. One other test of the prosperity of the I‘king classes is the amount of meat con- per head in each country. These are e figures : Great Britain ... £.2 12s. Od. a year. Germany 1 4s. Od. ••• 23 Prance ••• 1 us. Od. ,esPecting the German consumption of meat 01 have to remember that a large proportion this consists of horses, dogs, Sze. We could fO further, and discuss the cost of clothes, etirniture, and household goods. But there are elleh great differences in quality that no blpanson would be reliable. Sufficient has 'en said, however, to shew that whatever ttoil? be claimed for Protection, its effect upon Continental workman is not happy.

De „nr Prices and Low Wages. 4-'0 return to the purely British point of Prottctionists contend that By making everything dearer you will make everybody richer. L seems a rather absurd proposition upon the J.Ces of it, but that is the net result of Pro- etionists' arguments. There can be no doubt 'Tt Protection would increase prices. YOU HAVE PROTECTION AGAINST "REIGN GOODS WITHOUT INCREAS- G THE PRICE OF BRITISH GOODS. c'lllo innocent people have imagined that we c. 411 keep out the foreigners' goods and, at the salne time, keen down the price of British-made ug°°cls. Unfortunately business is not carried 01: for philanthropic purposes. The first result I:. shutting out the foreign competition would 1: the formation of trusts among the British aunfacturers to put up the price of their to within a fraction of the price of the Aiign goods, with the amount of the duty The people of the United States of t inerica have become victims to the power of Z-‘l'ts• Does any Briton wish to have the have experience ? Thoqe trusts Could never °axe exiited had the American market been .e.en to foreign competition. Trusts or no ililstsf Protection means high prices.. If tho _ ritish manufacturers did not form trusts, the esult of shutting out foreign competition would have the natural effect of sending up Prices. eow it 'surely needs no argument to prove at high prices would result in fewcr sales; fewer sales would result in smaller production; ualler production would mean leis labour, 4ow -,es, or no work. 5„,f1,11. ally, if we prevent the foreigner from oZ(ung us his goods he will refuse to take auxs ; thus our 'foreign trade would fall off, Nril again labour would suffer. Trade, like , .ba er, tows where there is the least resistance. :,,,ree Trade means plenty of trade; Protection Nv-Tans less trade. Work and wages are good isuen trade is plentiful, and bad when trade • slack. There can be no doubt as to which _lB the best for the workman.

GUARRANTEED CURE FOR PILES. are-cuing, blind, bleeding, or protruding. All chemists authorised by the manufacturers ofbPazo Pile Oint- is_e_', nt to refund the money where it fails to cure any ;71, of Piles, no matter of how long standing. Cures itudinary cases in six days. One application gives ease rem rest. This is a new discovery, and is the only Pile thL343t sold on apositive guarantee. Price 2s. Id. of all zj.94ists, or Lirect from PARIS MEDICINE CO. DePt•Sy) Nokoe-lane, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Farewell to an Old Wesleyan Chapel

In anticipation of the rebuilding of the Rixton Wesleyan Chapel a farewell service was held on Sunday evening in the old sanctuary. There was a large congre- gation, and old tunes and hymns were rendered in a hearty manner. Appropriate remarks were made by the Rev. W. B. Butters, Mr. Birchall, of Barton, Mr Blythe, of Warrington, Mr. S. Wright of Cadishead, and Mr. Blane, of Carrington. Mr. Tonge, of Rixton, gave a short history of the chapel, which has been in existence for sixty years. He mentioned several old member; notably, Mrs. Atherton and Mr.J. Matley, who died at the advanced age of 102. The collection realised £5 and Mr. W. Garner, of Cadishead, commenced opera- tions this week. During the rebuilding the Temperance Hall, Hollinfare,will be used as a place of worship.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
W ycllife Church P.S.A.

The usual meeting was held on Sunday, when there as a good attendancs, and a most encouraging meet- ing. Nineteen new members joined and 3 re-entered, making the membership for the second Sunday in the new year 436. The Hon. Secretary (Mr. B. Farrar) gave them a very hearty welcome, and a word of advice. Mr. W. Beswick presided, and spoke upon the keeping of God's laws and His Sabbaths. God's commands, he said, must be obeyed, then they would give to them life.—Mr. Thomson, of Liverpool, was the speaker, and gave an excellent address upon "Remember and forget." These words, he said, were two seeming contradictions. There were many things they would do well to forget which they too often remembered, and also in the opposite direction. The Psalmist advised them to remember all God's benefits to tbem. He urged the men present to go in for helping their fellow men, who were their brethren. The speaker gave some pointed illustrations, which had a telling effect upon the aud- ence. Miss E. Mounfield sang "It is time to rest' and "The Promised Land" with good effect. Mr. Smiley also took part in the meeting.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Services for the People.

The service at the Royal Court Theatre on Sunday evening was taken by the Rev. Alexander Harvey of Widnes, who preached from the well-known text from John 3. 16," God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life." The preacher took various aspects of the love of God, and said that many people only found time and money to benefit humanity as a whole, and were apt to estimate God's love according to their own, whereas God loved not only the world but the individual, in giving His well-beloved Son to die, and it was this personal acceptation of Christ's sacrifice for sin that was the only efficacious belief in Christ. People might believe all about Christ, yet not believe on Him to the salvation of their souls. Coming to the last point in the text,the preacher stated that it was not necessary to die to ob- tain eternal life, and that as boon as a man believed in Christ for salvation he possessed eternal life, the nega- tive of this statement being that if a man believed not he had not life. If they could trust the finished work of Christ they could also claim God's promise of "everlasting life." The Rev. H. Dunnico is expected to take the service next Sunday.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Legh-straet Primitive Methodist Church.

On -Sunday last, choir sermons, in connection with the above place of worship, were preached by the Rev. J. Gardham Reed. His discourses were based on "The place of music in our Churches." The organ voluntaries for the day contributed by the organist Mr. Fred Podmore were as follows—" Andante' (Rink) "Italian Duet" (Blangini) "Festive March in B" (Faulkes) Intro "2nd Organ Sonata and Adagio" (Mendels- sohn) Intro "6th Organ Concerto" (Handel), "Liedohne Wort" Allegretto Grazioso (Mendelssohn). In the afternoon a Musical Service was given by the choir assisted by the following artistes :—Miss Alice Bridge who contributed The children of the City," "Entreat me not " ; Miss Lena Podmore (Liverpool ) who sang " The Psalm of Life" (Cowen) • Mr. Corrin,sang"My hope is in the Everlast- ing," Ind also sang in the duet "Love Divine" along with Miss Bridge; Mr. W. Perry sang "Ecce Home "and "The Eternal City," The choir, under the able direc- tion of Mr. Albert Spruce (choirmaster) rendered the extremely 'difficult and exacting chorus "Thanks be to God" (Elijah), anthem, " Rock of Ages ' (Buck), and "Achieved is the Name" (Creation). Mr. W. H. Sherbum presided, and gave a capital address on Music. Miss Laitvinia Hewitt sang "Come unto Me" at the morning service, and Miss A. Woodland, "Angels ever bright" at the even- ing service. At 8 p.m. a grand organ recital was given by Master Clatworthy who is only 14 sears of age. The programme included a "Prelude and Fugue" in B (Bach) Postlude " in D. (Smart) "Prelude and Fugue in G (Bach) " Variations on a well-known hymn "—Theme "Mariners" vane and finale (Chipps)and"Gmnd Festive March" in D (Smart). The Rev. J. G. Reed presided and spoke in eulogistic terms of the boy's performance. He complimented him on his brilliant execution of the very difficult solos, and said his playing reflected peat credit on his tutor Mr. Fred Podmore. He was assisted by Miss Lena Podmore (Liverpool), who sang" 0 Rest in the Lord," (Elijah) with effect, and proved herself to be a vocalist of no mean order. Mr. G. S. Perry, sang "The Chorister" (Sullivan), his powerful voice being heard to great advantage.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rev. J. S. Hughes and Yellow Labour.

At Hill Cliffe Baptist Chapel on Sunday evening the Rev. J. Samuel Hughes preached on the subject" Slavery under l3ritish rule." Speaking from Isaiah x.l-2.,the rev. gentleman said recently there had arisen a question which had called forth feelings of profound astonish- ment and indignation, the introduction of which was an insult to the moral sense of the Christian community, viz., the determination of the Government to import 300,000 Chinese labourers to work in the South African mines, under conditions which were nothing I.ss than a state of bondage and slavery. War, against which some of them declaimed until it was too late, had brought forth its bitter fruits and its costliness; after problems, and terrible consequences and burdens seemed to have turned the heart, blinded theeye and blunted the moral sense and maddened the brain of the Government. We were led to sow the wind we were now reaping the whirl wind. This was a question on which the church had a right to speak, and on which she ought to speak with no uncertain sound. .As Baptists they had a royal heritage in this rnatter,having ever been in the forefront of the battle for the freedom of the subject, civil and religious. The self-sacrificing labours of those heroes of emancipation in Jamaica—Rnibb and Burchell—were inscribed largely in the history of the struggle against slavery, and on them rested the respon- sibility of guarding all such liberties with a jealous eye By whatever name this traffic in men was known— whether indentured labour or anything else—to them it was nothing less than an ill-disguised attempt to re- establish slavery under the British flag, and as Christians they lifted their voices in solemn protest against sueh a shameful snbyersion of the liberty of the subject by a nation bearing the Christian name. The proposal was, to say the least of it, dishonouring to our country's fame. The British people would indeed be unworthy stewards of the heritage placed in their hands, and traitorsto their noblest traditions, if they permitted their fame to be so dishonoured, and their flag to be disfigured, with the record of so shameful an ordinance upon our statute book. The proposal is fraught with great danger to morality ; and it was contrary to the spirit and teaching of Christianity.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHARGE AGRINST MR J. HARRISON.

Confessions of Defalcations and an Appeal

for his Family.

Charges of embezzlement preferred by his employers against Joseph George Harrison, late Macclesfield re- presentative of Messrs. Greenell, Whitley, and Co., brewers, Warrington, were heard at Macclesfield on Wednesday. Mr. Lance Bentley, barrister , (in- structed by Mr. Draper of; Messrs. Robert Davies and Company), appeared to prosecute, and the prisoner was defended by 'Mr. J. G. Barclay. The total defalcations alleged against the prisoner amounted to £439. An investigation was made of the prisoner's books in January, and as a result the prisoner absconded, and on March Ist was arrested in Jersey. Prisoner's salary cad commission amounted to about £350 a year. On January rth the 'prisoner wrote to Mr. Downes, managing director: "It is with extreme regret and remorse that I have to inform you rey cash is very much short and has been for some time. . . When the exact amount is ascertained I will refund every penny as far as possible. All the money has gone into on cilannel, viz., 'the trade.'" Later he appealed to the directors not to proceed to extremes, and added: " I hope and trust the worst will not be- fall me, if only for the sake of my wife and little children." Mr. Voisey, accountant, Warrington, auditor to the compan 7, said he had examined the books, and ascer- tained that the amount of prisoner's defalcations to be as stated. He was cross-examined by Mr. Barclay with the object of showing that the prisoner's books had not ' been properly supervised, but this he strongly denied. Prisoner was committed for trial to Knutsford Quarter Sessions.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
PEN KETH.

SUSPICIOUS CONDUCT OF A TRAMP.-At Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wednesday, Thomas Feeney, a tramp, was charged with being on the enclosed' premises of the Misses Tinsley, The Elms, Penketh, at 12.15 the same morning.—Police- constable Houghton stated that he heard dogs barking, and on proceeding to The Elms, he saw the , prisoner coming from the back of the house. When questioned, prisoner said he was going to Widnes. He I was rornanded until Friday next for inquiries to be I made.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, March 19, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
A WESLEYAN MINISTER'S CYCLING TOUR IN GERMANY.

The Rev. George Harbottle, superintendent of the Dunstable Wesleyan Circuit, formerly minister of Bewsey-road Church, received a hearty welcome from his many Warrington friends on re-visiting the town this week. On Sunday. he preached to large congre- gations in Bewsey-road Church in connection with the Guild Festival, and on Monday he delighted a larg gathering by a racy and instructive lecture, entitled Through Germany by cycle and fourth class." It was intended to have the lecture in the meetinc, room but by the time the proceedings had been opened the room became so crowded as to necessitate an adjourn- ment to the church. Mrs. Garnett, of Penketh, was unable to preside, but a capable substitute was found in her son, Mr. Philip Garnett. In the course of his introductory remarks, Mr. Garnett spoke of the pleasures of touring on the bicycle. He was the possessor of a motorcycle, he said, but his experience of it did not warrant him in recommending others t purchase one. Only on Saturday last, he and others might have been seen lifting it into a railway guard's van. (Laughter) :—The Rev. George Harbottle, at the outset of his lecture, said one of the advantages of a cycling tour was that like John Gilpin's, ride you started at your ownldoor and got off there. In alluding to his railway journey from Hamburg to Berlin, he said the fourth class conveyance in which he travelled was practically a big horse box with seats round the sides, giving accommodation for 29 persons and the luggage was packed in the centre. The fare was very cheap, the charge for the distance of over 100 miles being ss. 6d. and 6d. for the bicycle. In an interesting manner, Mr. Harbottle gave his impressions of Berlin. The principal thoroughfare was the tinter den Linden (under the lime trees) and was two-thirds of a mile in length and 160 feet wide, the lime trees in the centre giving a picturesqueness to the whole. Statuary met the eye frequently and at Lustgarten where the principal buildings were situated, there were some magnificent monuments. The German Emperor was staying at the Schloss or Royal Palace and the lecturer said he was struck with the quietness with which the German people received their Emperor. There were none of the.loud hurrahs and waving of hats which distinguished an English crowd when receiving royalty. The Germans drank much more beer than the English but it was of a weak quality, and during the whole of his tour he never saw a drunken man. As an " Englander " he met vvitu universal kindness from the Germans, and only on one occasion was a rude remark made to him and that was with reference to the Transvaal. During his stay he spent a Sunday in Berlin and found- large congregations at the morning services and small ones at night. It seemed rather peculiar to him as an E-iglishman to find the German Emperor attending divine service in the morning and the Opera House in the evening. Re- mounting his bicycle at Berlin, Mr. Harbottle took his hearers in* imagination on, his tour through Potsdam, Wittenberg and Leipzig and along the Rhine to Coblentz. In alluding to Wittenburg, the lecturer referred to Luther's association with it,and of his visit to the spot where Luther publicly burned the , Papal Bull. The German Evangelical churches were ' rich in statuary, and candles were largely used. In North Germany, Roman Catholicism predominated, but in middle and South Germany, the people were mostly Protestants. In referring to his cycling ex- periences, he said, he made himself a member of a German cycling club, and never experienced the slightest difficulty from the time be left England until he returned. He could not speak Ger- man very fluently but he always succeeded in making himself understood. He found lovely roads, surrounded by beautiful scenery and he picked up sufficient information on his tour to make an inter- esting book for cyclists. The cost of his cycling tour, he added, was smaller than if he had spent his holi- days at the seaside in England, and the days spent in Germany were amongst the happiest in his life.—The meeting terminated Nvith an acknowledgment of the Rev. G. Harbottle's and the Chairman's services, on the proposition of the Rev. R. Wilkins Rees.

A REMARKABLE BOOK.

MR. OSWALD SToLL's remarkable work, published by Messrs. Simpkin and Marshall, in which he essays most successfully to prove that man can, if he chooses, 'pro- long his life on this planet indefinitely is naturally commanding a large sale. The fact that it attempts to dispose of all pre-existing beliefs as to our mortality naturally compels attention and although till now no special notice has been taken of it by churchmen it is bound to obtain pulpit-reference before long, beciuse of its claims that the true teachings of Sacred Writ are all in favour of the theory. Unlike most clever philo- sophical works, the book is published ata popular price, and should the world appraise it as an addition to our knowledge, based on fundamental scientific principles, . .

Mr. Stoll -will have to be handed down to iosterity as one of the most illuminant thinkers of the age.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
poly awaits ev'eryWillinGeWbrker

. , ip 4),,,. • , # ~_,.. , . c„... .... ...___,........„,,. ... . -, .., ... . , • • • •• • . .. ....._......_ ___.....0.......,A7, „ ,„„, ,ffy• . 0721::,5,A . „. .. - :41%,1•.*e°-'l"3. --- , . "" —l, it --- MI " ...• :- _ fi, ~4 • . ;• . ~,.. - -j.i?-.-4*-.--' • ~ , \\...., .. 1 •-•.---..-.../ ,1, JAL; 4•• ' r. -7.••:: _ • --- ..-_,' -;::,'_`.4.....-ktjt. _. s N---. r-‘ .....--• ~,_.‘ ... \ i -.17,..a - , k •••,-::.• / 'S -,... 074 7 • ••-. .!...,, ~ .4,!„.. ",. ... ~,,,, ..,_ .. ,:: ... . 0.„ a „ , 7........., -,-ktf....1 ,•,i, , 2 -411 -111 ...... . -_,,...,,,;,---. ....-. .5 -.7.--.-....-: . it A, b - --- , . --• i. i .......--:"--..---- -<.,:faii,,p6i •••• .. -:-... .:...',..-• /I ~ ......,;!........ . ~._._.::..z. __. _____ ~.... _________________________. ..:______ ......_.,.....A.ima1111\ .../i-=--------_______.----- °I,e;:•-,,-4;r:1120:1-'...;\ !.1.,_-•,'llil.L.,,i(*.ti". ;/`'.--C446."/**51:i.,,.4#,V4i ~-\:.i.:..1 •--AIV'.- ---1-'A'l ''''' .13teaking Nit/Land. ••=. --..-- /--•-- lir .4••• Niter .• ~ , 1 4;:;. • • '-'7,17v---45aet Ir. -:._- 4._ x..„ / al ~ ___-••••...---„---------,2- (Airil ' -.- ' Threshing. ifem-,oP- (Goo I..;rops ---- --- ‘O,• A. ,------- .iv . , Heatthy,,Clis. '15er,r0.74.2,),;‘ ..:r-,--,.) ~_..--i., ..,. ~......,• /.. -.- ,•• k...,,,\•....; • -li i zz, v,, - --- - ---- -f'ff.i.t(Free-Sc co 5../ r''.. -- -----' --- -- - ,--:, ...„„ , . ..,_ ~...".....,..„.,.. i ~,, t 3 ,Free 1,--. '/,-/;.1•2/ -Ai/ - • :- '-tiiikr,, ;,i;,,%7.-. ,•0,7:•. :7z0,;7,i/eif -'„„•'. . -. . .Co, ' ' . .I p•-ir ,- --•- /- / ~-... • - ..-*--, ,A,,,,„ ..., , , . Fr: , ..- ..., , ••:,!, • ..,"' ... ' ; ••• ' ' " - ,4, • ~.,..i.:,:. ~..... 1, • -.., ". ^ '10,104. 11___ 1.. • -,„.te, - , der , • ,„J/4•5044.• .1&:: - p . . -....49,,,_ .., -••••,. • -- • - •:-/z. ~.- - •• - . •, , . ~..„,. . ....„57;....,... • - „...r, - .., • 6a Cattle Ranching,. % 2.,, 0,00., ~. %de,. •''., tam Tatra. .14 enEm F.A.Rivis OF 3L.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
TENNENT9S

T

LAGER BEER.

GUARANTEED BRIGHT & FREE FROM'SEDIMENT.

To be obtained from M. WALKER Sr. SONS LTD., Warrington and of all Grocers and Wine Merchants, or from 76, Lancelots HET. Liverpool. WELLPARK BREWERY, GLASGOW. Matured in Cold Storage for months befo bottled. See that Every Bottle has bet.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
EMMA

TO BE HAD OPAL oR4aOR SENT AN'

===== 0002601_19040319_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
STAPOSL3r E.T.TOI

TIRED MEX.'.

When yon are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing Blectri: Belts, write tome, and I will send you a Book, which shows how every man, young and old, may he quickly and thoroughly cured of NRRVOUSNEIS. BRHAUSTION, VARICDORLR, and Di4BILITY, from any cause whatever, WITHOUT STOMACH MIMIC:NV, or SLROIRIOITY. Hund.reds of cures. Book sent sealed,post free, for two stamna.—A. J. LEIGH, 92 anal 93,Great Russell Bt., London. W.C. Over seventeen years. successful results.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
mice

===== 0002601_19040319_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used in the Royal Laundries. Shouki be used in every house. Once ttied, always wanted, MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW 41 ever offered to the Laundress for parting an Ivory Finish tostarchedLinen.Laemeta It does not stick to spider-web-like materials. Sold everywhere In Packets at lit.. 3d.. and 6d.. each.

PREPARED ONLY DY T. CRITCHLRY. Chemist. imnemsusx. 7, Whiter ,Pl. treet, London, B.C.

I ao it,: Aro.: The greatest boa

===== 0002601_19040319_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
For Coughs. Cods and Lung Comp.' aints. (iives instant relief and cev Ulla cure. Pieacant to take. Highly recommended oy the medical profession. Prepared by GEO HARDY, late of the Brompton Hospital. Price le id, 2s 9d.4s 6d, lls. of all Chemists. or post free. HARDY'S BROMPTON COUGH LOZENGES. (the gensine), in boxes only, (never sold loose.) Bach lozenge stamped Harly. Price is lid. Depot: 6, Gray's Inn road, W.O. (Bsablished nearly a century at Brompt,on.)

HARDYS BROMPTON c_r-, CONSUMPTION 8, COUGH SPECIFIC

===== 0002601_19040319_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THR NRW FRENCH RHNIEDY.

This successful and highly • popular remedy, as em- ployod in the Continental Hospitals by Rieord Rostan.Jobert Velpenu, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots,blotches, pains and swelling of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary disease-striatur discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back rheumatism,gout sieeplessness.nervous and physical exhaustion,etc. Therapiors is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2 and 3 aocordint to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON 43, HOLFORD-SQUARE, LONDO

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

1, ~s 4 t ,101.:, ....E....: .: Alp, I.

- 444

- ktt4

C

• . ; .;•1-

s

, • •

' •

i•-100 • "'

I

tf,

L:• ,

,4^

Possess the following qualities in a high degree They STRENGTHEN the STOMACH They REGULATE the BOWELS They PURIFY and ENRICH the BLOOD They give TONE to the whole NERVOUS SYSTEM,

contain no t re drug of ennly'nveregaletuobrle imetalldic BEECHAM'S PILLS o ----- beneficent and sure.

They will restore you to health If you give them a chance.

BEECHAM'S PILLS have ever enjoyed the confidence of Ladies for the ailments peculiar to their sex.

Sold Everywhere in Boxes, price is. 'lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. (168 Pills) with full directions.

IN6"1-ANT

W t.F, RAPID CURE.

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

AN INFALLIBLE REMEDY ! ! Breakfast Creek, Brisbane Queensland

Dear Sir,—Some l 5 years ago I had the misfortune to. be attacked with Rheumatic Gout. I tried nearly- all the doctors here, but they did MA do me much good. I saw your advertisement and obtained some of your pills, and I can assure you quickly got relief. When I feel any of the pains coming on, two or three pills gen- erally take them away. Many of my friends have used them, and all say they are an infallible remedy. For myself, I say there are none to equal them. Yours truly S. L. HOW3IAN. EADE'S GOUT PILLS

PICTURE FRAME,

Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all in- jurions matter, and are highly restor 4 tiwe. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lAd and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London.

EUMATIC PILLS.

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding a Speciality. Largest stock of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BCOK. ler) pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTER OF GLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FREE ON APPLICATION.

H. MOROI, 171 18, CHEAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON, W.C. - Warehouses : 11, 12:and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street, (in the rear). Telegraphic Address: —'• Rabbitry, London." Telephone .-z135 entrßl

WEAK, TIRED

`.I

• - ,• .Ira „. • • / p te ' -

===== 0002601_19040319_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
AND NERVOUS MEN

c 1 for a Valuable Descriptive Pamphlet, explaining how all Nervous and Organic Derangements can be successfully treated without the use of STOMACH MEDICINES OR ELECTRICITY. The Method is easy and pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. The Pamphlet is revised, and in pro- gress wieh the most advanced researches in the subject, to2etber with hundreds of tRECENT TESTIMONIALS showing suc- cessful cures. Sent in a plain sealed envelope free of charge. ARSTON CO., 59 & 60, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON. Established over 35 years.

>houid sen -2 4 -t* , • t:•••`.- CHE M

===== 0002601_19040319_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
MERRYWEATHER ON

WATER SUPPLY

FIRE PROTECTION

of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TG Report on EXISTING Arrangements.

WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS:

XERRYWEATHER & SONS, 633 LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

Authors of letters intended for publication must mall cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper azimut in,.if possible,not later than Thursday.

The Ragged School Soup Kitchen. Sir,—Will you kindly allow us througn tne medium of your paper, to inform the public that we have been dis- tributing soup and bread at the Ragged school daring the past week. We have been well aware for some timel of the terrible distress in the town, especially in th? Bewsey district, hence our repeated appeals for help. - Mr. Skelland, who has been indisposed of late and Mr. Owen, the treasurer of the Mission, determined to start the soup kitchen, and on Saturday last went round the town with the Drum and Fife band, collecting Coppers from that class whohave little to spare,but who in times of want and privation like the present, set a noble example to others more comfortably circum- tanced. We are glad to state that sufficient was collected to make a start, and, aided by the generous donations re- ceived from the tradesmtm named below, we have been able to distribute daily over 80 gallons of good soup, and over 100 lbs. of bread. Some heartrending sights have been witnessed; children ravenously devouring their dole of dry bread, too hungry to wait until they received their soup; the soup itself swallowed almost scalding hot, the hungry little ones, like Oliver Twist, plaintively asking for more. Some curious utensils were brought,—battered tins, jugs minus handles &c.' Some of these we had actually to bind round with string, before we could pour any soup in them. We have again to thank Mr. Hallwood for a quantity of loaves, and other articles; Messrs. G. Bowcock, Cross (Corporation-street), Singleton and others for meat. Mr. Harrison for one guinea; Messrs. Carter, Barlow, and others for various necessary ingredients. We again strongly appeal for help to enable us to keep the soup kitchen open during this period of acute dis- tress. On behalf of the committee, JOHN W. HOWARTH. The "Observer _" and the Sermonettes. Sir,—The writer in the"Observer"is still on the ram- page "swearing at large," and dancing round my four statements, but he has nover tried to answer any one of them. The other day he was airing his ignorance about the export of coal. He does not know that steamships cannot sail without coal, and that we o nby far the largest fleet of steamers in the world. He seems to think that our steamers can sail from this country to the ends of the earth, and carry coal enough in their bunkers to last them both the outward and the return journey. If he ever cuts his wisdom teeth he will learn that no steamer can do that and carry a big cargo. If our commerce is flourishing, and our steamers are fully employed,we are bound to be exporting large quantities of coal. But I cannot find time to expose all his false and foolish statements as I am away from home, lec- turing for a month at 'York, Hull, Richmond, Thirsk and Melton for the Yorkshire Liberal Fecleration and 1 have to get through my correspondence as best I can. My. opponent cuts a peculiarly ridiculous figure when he tries to tackle any of my propositions. I gave four instances in which Mr. Chamberlain's statements and the Board of Trade returns flatly contradicted each other. I asked which of the parties was lieing and lam still waiting for an answer. When he takes sides and tells us whether he believes Mr. Chamberlain or the Board of Trade it will be soon enough to answer him. Your readers must not be bluffed by " freak "years like 1872 and 1900. In the former year we had a great peace. In the latter we had a great war, and we were exporting horses, and war materials, and coals at a phenomenal rate. My opponent is too shifty for my liking. If I bundle him out of one mud hole, he takes refuge inanother,and life is too short for that silly game. Why does he not cut the cackle and answer my four questions like a man ? Yours truly, York.

JOHN TAYLOR.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
The Cause of Labour.

Sir,—The magnificent triumph secured by Labour in the return of Mr. J. Ball, nominee of the Independent Labour Party, at the head of the poll for elective auditorship, following so closely on the labour victory in Orford Ward,has undoubtedly caused no small surprise in local political circles. Casual labour gains will cause a fluttering in the orthodox dove-cotes until labour successes become a natural sequence in political warfare, and until labour asserts its right to take its proper place in the conduct and management of local and national affairs. Those in the thick of the fight for justice and pro- gress can perceive a rapid awakening of organized labour—aye even of the disorganized proletarian—an awakening to the necessity of having men of their own class possessing fearless and independent calibre in voicing their sentiments and grievances on all govern- ing bodies. Various reasons are ascribed for the unusual interest the workers are displaying in matters appertain- ing to their own social condition and its alleviation. In dealing with this subject it must be borne in mind that the spreading of the glorious light of citizenship and the responsibility of casting the vote—not to satisfy personal ambitions orparty aggrandisement, but to send representatives to deal sincerely and determinedly with the problems that surround us,—is not confined to War- rington alone, but is spreading to all thoughtful wealth producers throughout the country. Last year two Independent Labour men, Mr. W. Crooks and Mr. A. Henderson were returned to the Commons, and the Municipal contests in November resulted in over 40 seats being secured to the credit of Labour. Most striking gains were recorded in West- minster, Woolwich, Birmingham .and Manchester, and heavy polls in such Conservative strongholds as Blackburn and Preston. This is surely a clear indication that Independent Labolir in the near future will take a respectable position amongst the orthodox parties in Council Chamber and Legislative Assembly. To my mind a paragraph in Ferdinand Lasal les' "Working Man's Programme" cogently summarises and illustrates the difficulties and ultimate triumph of this new movement. It is an apt and homely comparison. "Have you ever witnessed a sunrise from a lofty mountain? A purple streakcolours the extreme verge of the horizon, announcing the new light; mists of cloud gather, roll themselves into a mass, throw themselves against the glow of the morn- ing, and succeed in covering its rays for a moment. But no power in the world can avail to hinder the slow and majestic rising of the sun itself, which an hour later stands in the firmament, visible to all, and giving light and warmth to all the earth." It is claimed that we are indebted to the Non- Trading Party for arousing the working-man (I refer locally of course) from his past attitude of indifference and apathy, to his present sense of responsibilities and duties as a citizen. Sir, may I be permitted to men- tion that long before the Non-trading agitation was initiated, a handful of men, members of the I.L.P. were preaching and teaching, holding open air meetings time after time, urging and beseeching the working classes to give up a portion of their leisure to the affairs of their town and country. They prayed and laboured for purity and higher ideals in political life. They were denounced as charlatans and quacks, decried as dreamers and visionaries. It was the old old story which has travelled from age to age. Progress has always met with ridicule and persecution. Public opinion always howled "Crucify, crucify," whenever an uncommon mind appeared, or an uncommon idea was promulgated. Life is made almost unendurable to those born ahead of the age in which they live. The Independent Labour Party stands on the same platform to-day with increased numbers, and their principles of humanity and Brother- hood spread like the golden dawn of a summer morn- ing. Imbued with hope and conrage they carry on the fight, consoled in their hearts that in the short span of life allotted they are doing their utmost to make" His will be done on earthas it is in Heaven."—Yours truly, ABRAHAM WARBURTON,

Cairo-street.

Stockton Heath and Urban Powers. Sir,—As the ratepayers at the late parish meeting decided to have an election of Councillors, T take it as a Warning that the public of this district are awaken to a sense of their responsibility. From the tone of the remarks and actions of the Chairman, it looks as if urban powers may be claimed in the near future by Stockton Heath, and doubtless some may be of opinion that as the district is steadily growing and becoming from rural to semi-urban, such powers would be benefi- cial and to the general welfare of the district. This might be so,but in my opinion,before any such steps are taken the whole question will rePTire very careful attention, for I contend that under the present condi- tions of the district, it could not be worked more efficiently and economically under the powers of an Urban District Council than as at the `present time, and in making such an assertion I shall endeavour to prove that my statement is a correct version. Ist, the whole rate of the district at present under the Rural District Council is something like 3s. in the 2, which sum includes poor rate, county rate, general dis- trict and special expenses rates all includel. The benefits for such are these : Two seats upon the Rural Council (and a parish council to wit). A surveyor resident in the place; duties almost exclusively con— fined to Stockton Heath. A supervision by Sanitary Inspector,Medical Officer and all other requisite officials, public lighting, scavaging and maintainance of main . and other roads and streets, the removal of refuse and nightsoil, and the poor rate administered and the rates collected. Now what other than these could be ob- tained by urban powers? Well, Ist, full powers (sub- ject to the will of the L.G.8.) are given to govern and control the whole affairs of the district other than County Council matters and the administration of the poor rates under a Council elected by the ratepayers. 2nd, with power to levy a rate to meet the current ex- penditure. which summarised, would result as follows: Establishment charges, which include offices, fires lighting, printing and other items that total up sur- prisingly £100; elections, £3O; notifications of in-

fectious diseases, £10; hospital charges say £2O; emptying ashpits and removing dustbins and nightsoil, £150; scavaging roads and streets, wages £100; maintenance of same, £150; sewers, £5O; public light- ing, £l2O ; salaries of officials, Surveyor and Sanitary Inspector combined, £170; Clerk and Rate Collector, £7O; Medical Officer, £2O; Law Adviser and expenses, £3O. The foregoing items are something near what might be expected to commence with, and the total is £l,OlO, or 2s. 7d. in the 2 on the present rateable value. The Poor and County Rates and other expenses would be charged extra as separate from district rates. The amount of £470 now received would be more than doubled, and' I am not over estimating the cost of working under urban powers for facts go to prove that the cost of administration is greater than under Rural authorities which cover a much larger area. Stockton Heath in the near future will have to face a new sewage scheme, for if the district increases in the future as of late years, the present sewage system will not be adequate for the increased requirements. The plea of increased income goes for nothing, as it is very often counterbalanced by increased demands, as buildings are erected and new streets made. Now my contentionsare, if it is desired that the place should further develop, keep off urban powers! It cannot be denied that Stockton Heath has been selected by the speculative builder, and as a residential area by its low rates. The school accommodation question was mentioned but the primary stage seems to be completely ignojed Surely it is not from personal motives that the ques'ion of Secondary Education is given the more prominent position, for the powers that be assured us that at the proper time the'necessary steps would be taken to meet the demands of the Education Act,but as yet nothing has been made publicly known of what has or is)being done in the matter' and as Stockton Heath is not one of the selected places for the new schools by the Cheshire County Council it is high time the public were made aware of the true facts of the case, and this election gives the ratepayers an opportunity to assert their rights by de- manding fromlthe candidates some pledges that this question shall not be shelved any longer. The future welfare of the children of the working classes is at stake, and they should demand that proper facilities be made—so that the children may have a fair chance in the race for their future livelihood amongst men. The new Education Act, is meant for the children to be taught under the best possible conditions and it is acknowledged by all, that the existing school accommodation is far from satisfying the requirements of the Act. Now is the ratepayers' opportunity for supporting the men who will endeavour to carry out the requirements of this question and also men who have got the welfare of the district at heart and not personal motives to serve or axes to grind. I remain, yours , DACEISIDAC.

March 17th, 1904.

Chinese Labour in South Africa. Sir—The term slavery which has been applied to the con- ditions which are to regulate the Chinese labour in South Africa has been warmly resented by those who advocate the introduction of Asiatic labour into the Transvaal Colony. We freely admit that these conditions are very different from those with which we have been accus- tomed to associate the word in days gone by. It may be fairer to avoid a term which may suggest an exagger- ated idea, and let the facts of the case suggest their own designation. The imported labourers are to engage for a term of three years. The conditions are to be explained to them by the agents of the mining companies, who are paid in proportion to their success in recruiting labourers. These labourers are to assemble in Hong Kong, when the conditions are to be made clear by a representative of the British crown. Should the conditions as so ex- plained be objectionable to the labour recruits, they are free to decline to go further. But there is no intention of paying their expenses back to their homes, and they may find themselves adrift at Hong Kong, probably penniless, hundreds and possibly a thousand miles away from their native home. These recruits who volun- tarily, or by the pressure of necessity, engage to go forward are shipped free of charge. and are finally landed in the compounds at Kimberley. The limits of these compounds are the limits of their liberty. This con- finement applies not alone to working hours but to their -.thole time, their life, in the Colony. If liberty is granted to go outside the enclosures it must be under signed permission from the employer or owner. Should the employer be unjust, cruel, or arbitrary, they are not free to give notice,and seek employment with another mine owner,but they must continue to serve the same whatever may be the character of the task, or the task- master. They are liable to punishment if they seek to escape. Such punishment might have been by the lash, had it not been that the Chinese Minister in London insisted that corporal punishment should not be allowed. Anyone assisting these bondmen to escape, or harbour- ing them outside the compounds, is liable to a heavy- fine or to imprisonment. These are the facts, the damn- ing facts,which condemn the Ordinance as a retrograde movement, which if it does not actually land us in a system of slavery goes very far in that direction. I may be told this is the only way whereby the mines can be made to pay, that on the prosperity of the mines depends the future of the Colony • and if this is not done, the War contribution will be repudiated on the ground that England has made it impossible for the mines to earn the money to pay it with. I do not wish to make light of this aspect of the case, but the action o f the mineowners from the period of the Jameson Raid to the present, has not been of the character to increase the confidence of the English people in their honour or disinterestedness. Mr. Cresswell, who for a number of years was manager of the Village, Main Reef Mine strongly maintains that white labour can be economically employed in the mines, if only modern labour saving machinery is introduced. Possibly the true explanation of the mineowner's objections to facilitating the introduction of white labour may be found in the letter of one of the mineowners to Mr. Cresswell in which he said that the white workman would want political power, and would form trade unions, and dictate terms of employment. It is Mtite true that judging the question from this dis- tance we are at a considerable disadvantage, and we stand in great need of a disinterested opinion on the point of the possibility of white labour working the mines. The opinion of the mineowners whose interest it is to have the cheapest and most dependent form of labour, carries very little weight with the English people. If it were practicable to get a Commission of level headed Britishand Colonial workmen to examine the conditions existing in the Kimberley mines, and see if it is not possible to work these mines by white or native workmen, such a Com- mission would throw an amount of light on the question which at the preser t time we sadly need. So far we have seen no evidence which carries weight that with proper conditions, and proper wages, white labour might not be got to work the Kimberley mines, and seeing that this coufatry needs an outlet for its people this aspect of the question should be thoroughly thrashed out before the country commits itself to an experiment which is dangerous in itself, at variance with all the traditions of freedom which have long been associated with the English race, repugnant to our Dutch subjects and that of our Colonial children, who did so much in the work of winning South Africa, (as they thought) for a freer and a better civilization. But I do net admit that even if white labour were out of the question for the diamond mines, the alterna- tive of Chinese labour, especially under the conditions of serfdom is wise or right. Consider what class of Chinese are likely to sign these conditions of servitude. The recruits will come from the lowest classes, who respect neither themselves nor their liberty. A class which is the custodian of most of the vices, and fewest of the virtues, of the Chinese character. The gambling and the opium dens will be in each compound. It will be almost impossible to introduce such a class, and keep out diseases such as bubonic plague and leprosy. They are to bring their wives, but we are told no respec- able Chinese women will come, and the women who are likely to be brought are those of the character of camp followers. Let us beware lest Kimberley, for which many an English and Scottish lad gave his life to relieve, does not become tho plague spot of South Africa, deciminating the seeds of moral degradation and physical disease. A further objection to the intro- duction of Chinese labour into the Colony, arises from the fact that the Chinese will not make permanent Colonists. The Government appears to recognize this in the arrangement to send them back to China when their term expires. What is wanted above all other things in South Africa is an increase of men of British blood and habits, who will permanently settle in the country, becomeattached to it, and help to hold it for the Empire, and for the race. As long as the Dutch race predominates (although we all hope they will become loyal Colonists), there is a grave danger of a repetition of the late war, and a bid for absolute inde- pendence with the Dutch people in the ascendant. The only hope at present of being able to reduce with safety the British garrison in the Transvaal, is by the Govern- ment making the conditions of labour such as will secure British emigrants. To introduce Chinese labour is the worst possible method. It will postpone the settlement of the country, and introduce dangers, the outcome of which we cannot fully foresee. We need to be reminded to think "Imperially" on questions affecting freedom, and above all to think righteously. The lines of material prosperity run parallel to the lines of national righteousness, and individual freedom; and although in our shortsighted- ness we may think at times the lines diverge, the time will come when in looking back we shall be able to dis- cern how national righteousness has ever produced national prosperity. Even if such were not the case, a nation or an Empire, if it is to abide, must choose the right path wherever that path may lead. CHARLES E. PARKER, Penketh, March 14th, 1904.

Death In a Warrington Street. About five minutes past nine on Tuesday night, Police-constable Dyson was going on duty,and when passing Messrs. Mackie and Co.'s works in Spring- field-street, he noticed a man in a sitting position on the steps. Having examined him, he sent for Dr. Smith, who pronounced life extinct. The officer, with the assistance of Police-constable Dawson, took the deceased to the police mortuary, and it was sub- sequently ascertained that the body was that of John Welsby, watch maker, 36, Knutsford-road, Warring- ton. He had for some time been suffering from a weak heart.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A.;

===== 0002601_19040319_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] SOCIAL SERM3NETII,

FOR WORKING MEN,

BY JOHN TAYLOR. Author of "Search Lights on Land, Labour,

anti Sociar Problems." THE NATIONAL DE3T SWINDLE.

"I would ask whether any Parliament, however constituted, can have the right to plunder one portion of the community for the profit of the other? If it has not that right,and if it should assume and exercise a power which does not belong to it, "I would then ask your Lordships what are the rights which in such a case should belong to an oppressed and injured people." —EARL STANHOPE.

These are nice questions to ask the House of Lords any way. Earl Stanhope put these conundrums to that august assembly nearly eighty years ago, and they have never been answered yet. It required some courage in those days of venality and corruption, and wholezle bribery and swindling, to protest against the iniquities of the age, and say one word in favour of righteousness and justice, and purity. The man who dared to stand up for God and truth and honesty was branded as an enemy to his country and a traitor to the King. I. PATRIOTISM IS ALWAYS POPULAR WHEN IT PAYS.

Thereare plenty loyal lusty patriots who can shout thenesel yes hoarse in praise of any policy that puts money into their own pockets. They are willing to live by their country's losses and grow rich through her misfortunes.. Thousands of working men, who were getting a pound a week when the war fever btoke out, threw up their situations and joined the Yeomanry, that they might get a free trip to South Africa, at live) shillings a day and their keep. Some of them coal I neither ride nor shoot, and they were of no earthly us on the battle- field, but they were heartily sorry w ion the war was over, and they were shipped hod). 3 a.; tin to join the ranks of the unemployed. Mr. Herbert Chamberlain gave us a pod illustration of this cheap patriotism just before the war in South Africa ended. Everybody knows that Birmingham has long been the hub of the universe for militant Toryism and reckless Jingoism, and these tinpot patriots have their reward. They have made a pile of money out of the nation's misfortunes. At the annual meeting of the Birmingham Small Arms Company, Mr. Chamberlain said that during the last year of the war their output of guns had doubled, and it was still increasing. They could pay practically forty per cent. dividend in cash, and they would be able to make a distribution of fifty shillings per share, which was nominally a dividend of fifty per cent., but as in reality anything between one hundred and fifty and two hundred per cent., according to the value the shareholders chose to put on their new shares.

Who would not be a Jingo patriot, and clamour for war every day, when business yields a profit of two hundred per cent. in one year? Is it liktily that the shareholders in such a company will ever pray for peace, either in South Africa or anywhere else? It is war that keeps their machinery going night and day, and these disinterested patriots will chuck up their caps for joy, and shout themselves hoarse, in favour of any mad enterprise that will yield them two hundred percent.

11.-THE NATIONAL DEBT SWINDLE IS A

CHOICE EXAMPLE OF TORY PATRIOTISM.

• You must remember that in the days when the National Debt was first contracted, the working men of this country had no votes, and if they ventured to speak their minds on any political question, they would get run in gaol, and probably transported or hanged for their pains. We owe an enormous debt of gratitude to men like Cobbett and Richardson, the author of the famous "Black Book," who unearthed the secret rascality of the times, and proclaimed it on the housetops as a warn- ing to others. Richardson shows that in the fifty-five years from 1760 t.o 1815 the/Whole of the gold and silver coined in England onlyamounted to £67,427,952, or an average of only £1,225,944 a year. During that same period our reckless Tory rulers ran up a debt of £700,000,000, or an average of £12,727,272 a year. In other words, for every sovereign we coined we ran more than ten sovereigns into debt. How was the thing done? Well, it never was done honestly. We got the debt laid on our shoulders it is true, but ice never got half of the money that the debt represents. We were swindled, bamboozled, and robbed, by the very men who ought to have protected us. Richardson says: "The debt is well known to have been fostered by deception, to have been increased by fraud, and supported by brute force and cruel injustice to the people. It is a gross fraud and a foul cheat and delusion to thrust this debt upon the shoulders of the people without their consent', I take it for granted that you will never take your wife's silver teaspoons to your uncle's till youare hard up. No man ever trades with a money-lender till he is driven there by dire necessity, and then the usurer is master of the situation, and he can dictate his own terms.

The Tory Governments that ran up our National Debt behaved like reckless gamblers. and they were always " stoney broke "and at their wits' end to raise money. There was not a• large supply of gold and silver in circulation, and banknotes were usually very heavily depreciated. So the Barings, and Rothschilds, and Shylocks of those days would pay £6oo'in gold, or £BOO in Bank of England notes, and they would insist on a Government promissory note for £l,OOO, and they got it. Of course the price varied with the necessities of the times. When the nation was more deeply involved in debt and difficulties than common, the money-mongers insisted on harder terms.

Between 1797 and 1819 the Bank of England suspended payment thirteen times, and refused to pay its just debts. Four times in one year that aristocratic pawn- shop was hard up, and was only saved from its creditors by Act of Parliament. In that disastrous year 1797 the Ministers were so hard up that they actually gave away £219 in National Debt securities for every £lOO in depreciated banknotes. So that for every million of these cheap notes, you and I are - saddled with a National Debt of £2,190,000 by that year's deal. Richardson, in his Black Book, gives a long list of transactions of this kind. In 1804, for every £l,OOO in bank-notes you could buy £1,850 in national securities. In 1815, the year of the Battle of Waterloo, the price was £l9lO in scrip for £l,OOO in notes.

We had a great outcry in the country a few years ago when Isaac Gordon, and a few other moneylenders, kind been making one hundred per cent out of their Unlucky victims. But nobody denounces reckless Kings and incompetent Ministers for carrying on such games. We are the biggest hypocrites on God's earth. In the reign of Edward VI., Parliament declared that the chargin,g of interest is a vice most odious and detestable, and contrary to the Word of God, and moneylenders were sent to the pillory and the jail. Cromwell found he could not stamp out usury, so he fixed the legal rate of interest at six per cent, and declared that any man charging more should forfeit the whole of the debt. But in spite of these Acts of Parliament, when King William 111. was hard up, the aristocratic land grabbers and titled Shylocks of those days actually got eight per cent for loans to the National Debt, and they never paid more than £6OO in gold for £l,OOO in stock. Were these usurers sent to the pillory and the stocks? Were their debts confiscated? How could you expect it when the men who lent the money and plundered the nation were the men who made the nation's laws, and the cause of all our misfortunes.

111.-THE NATIONAL DEBT WAS !GREATLY IN- CREASED BY STOCK-JOBBING SWINDLES.

When our aristocratic Shylocks first began to lend money to the nation,they raised a row about the security. So the Customs and Excise Duties were made to pay the interest on the debt under an Act of Parliament passed in the reign of William 111. Bat the Rothschilds and Barings of those days could not grow rich fast enough by buying Government securities at half price, and getting eight per cent. on the nominal value. They preferred gambling on the Stock Exchange and rigging the market and cornering the Government, and bleeding the nation whenever it was in a tight place. Between 1793 and 1801, the average price of Govern- ment three per cent. Stock was £6l 17s. 6d. per £lOO of scrip. In other words, you could buy £l,OOO worth of Debt Stock for £6lB 155., in notes, or less than £5OO in gold. But the Stock was in few hands, and the Shylocks had a trades union of their own, so. they said to the Government when it was in difficulties: "We will not renew your bills or lend you any money till you have redeemed your floating debt at current prices." When the Government had agreed to these terms, a loan was negotiated for forty millions. The old Stock had to be redeemed at £6l 170 6d per £lOO, and the new stock was issued at £57 73 6d per £lOO. So there was a loss of £4 10s. to the nation on each £lOO of Stock. The money-mongers made £2,234 500 on that deal, and you and I arp paying interest to-day on money that the na- tion never received. Between 1803 and 1815 the average market price of ' Consols was £62 17s 6d per £lOO, and the Government had a big deal in new Stock. The money-lenders in- sisted that debts to the nominal value of £176,173,240 should be wiped oft at that price before they would lend any more. When the Government had signed the contractthese harpies soldjout at £62 17 sad per cent, and bought back again at £6O is 6d per cent. A very simple sum in arithmetic will show you that there was a loss to the nation of £2 ips. on each £6O 7s. 6d. that Government received on that deal. And there was a profit for the money-lender of £4,404,331 in banknotes. If you add these two deals together you will find that the nation lost and the Shy- locks gained £6,G38,831 in currency. How do you think this loss was recovered? By creating a new debt of £11,000,000, and you and I are paying the principal and interest of that debt to-day. We are indebted to men like William Cobbett and JosephHumelforiunearthing these scandalous transactions and denouncing them in the House of Commons. Mr. Alexander Baring, the money-lender, had a seat in nine

===== 0002601_19040319_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL DISTRESS.

PUBLIC APPEAL NOT CONSIDERED NECESSARY.

While there is undoubtedly keen distress in the Bewsey district, intorm'ation from reliable sources goes to show that the conditions generally are not such as to call for the opening of a public subscription list. The Mayor and Mayoress have given the matter careful consideration and several meetings of ladies and gentlemen, convened by them, have been held at the Town Hall during the week. The replies received from large employers of labour, in response to a letter issued by the Town Clerk, were submitted, and the general opinion was that the distress was confined to the Bewsey district and that there was no necessity for the Mayor to make a public appeal, or for the appointment of a relief com- mittee. It was therefore decided not to take. any steps in that direction.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OPINIONS OF EMPLOYERS.

I We are able to give extracts from some of the replies of employers to the letter of the Town Clerk. One large firm state that they do not see any neces- sity for the opening of a fund, and instead of appealing for subscriptions the contribution should be in the form of rates which should be spent on productive works which would leave permanent beneflt,and thereby spread the cost on close-fisted ratepayers as well as on the charitably-disposed. Another firm state that they are not in favour of a distress fund, that the distress does not appear to be so acute as reported, and that men belonging to unions aresupported by those unions, and therefore should not be classified among unemployed. "We are somewhat surprised to hear there is distress existing over and above the normal state of affairs," is the statement in a third letter. Another firm write :—"Judging from our own men,we should say there is no necessity to open a fund. Towards the end of last year things were rather bad, but it seems to us that that is now over."

In another firm's letter, it is stated :—" So far as our men are concerned no necessity, in our opinion, as yet exists for the opening of a relief fund. Wages consider- ably above the average earned during the last six months."

The information furnished by other employers is that "Our men are employed five days per week. Even at this we cannot get them to attend regularly to work." Replies received from school masters go to showthat the children generally are well fed,but many are poorly clad.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THEIRONWORKERS' FUND.

On Monday a depUtation of ironworkers from the Bewsey district was received by the Mayor at the Town Hall. The men stated that they had col- lected £l5 to alleviate distress in their trade, but before distributing the money they were anxious to know whether a general fund would be opened by the Mayor. In that case they would be prepared to hand the £l5 over to the fund. The Mayor informed the deputation that it was not his intention to open a fund, as the distress generally was no; so acute as to warrant such a course. At the same time he recognized that there was aconsiderable number of unemployed in the Bewsey district. He left the disposal of the £l5 entirely in the hands of the deputation. The iron workers told his Worship that they proposed to collect funds and distribute them through their own committee. The Mayor said he had no objection to that course, but it must be distinctly understood that any appeal made was unofficial and not in any way connected with a central fund. He handed them a cheque for £5.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
RELIEVING DISTRESS IN THE BEWSEY DISTRICT.

The Rev. W. Bracecamp and several ladies and gentlemen have been making efforts to relieve the dis- tress in the Bewsey district. On Saturday and Monday there were distributions of soup and bread to a large number of poor people at All Saints' Mission, but owing to lack of funds the soup kitchen has not been opened again during the week. Deserving cases are, however, being privately relieved. Mr. Bracecamp has received several donations including one of ten guineas from. Lady Greenall. donations, sum will be expended by a com- mittee in the issue of tickets for provisions, milk &c. Councillor Rogers handed over 10 3s. 9d., which he had collected, and it has already been devoted to the provision of soup and other food. The Corporation have provided work for about fifty of the unemployed.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MUSICAL SOCIETY'S CONCERT.

Gounod's "Redemption."

At the Warrington Musical Society's concert on Wed- nesday next Gounod's great work "The Redemption" will be given for the second time in Warrington under conditions which deserve, if they should not happen to command,success. As will be seen from the announcemer t in our advertising columns, a strong array of principal vocalists have been engaged, and there will be a con- siderably augmented orchestra to deal with the com- poser's somewhat imposing instrumental score. In this connection we may remind our readers that some novel features will be noticeable in both the chorus and the orchestra interpreting "The Redemption." Dealing in that replete manner which an author often does in the case of a favourite work,Gounod introduces with strik- ing effect a complement of six extra trumpets above and beyond the usual contingent of brass instruments, and fine use is also made of the harp and the organ. These extra trumpeters, it is interesting to note, will be taken from our local band of the Ist V.B. Prince of Wales Regiment. The choral novelty consists in the employ- ment by Gounod of what he calls "The Celestial Choir," which for this occasion will consist of a number of boys from People's College, whose fresh young voices may be expected to assert themselves conspicuously above those of the more sonorous chorus.

In "The Redemption" we have undoubtedly the consummation of a lifetime devoted to the creation of some of the finest tone pictures of our day, there having been nothing written which can be considered as yititled to rank with it, since Mendelssohn's " Elijaff ' was given to the world. Certain it is that the completion of the work was felt by Gounod himself to mark the accomplishment of a great ideal, and equally true is it that he regarded the score as embodying the best work of which be was capable. The oratorio,—or sacred trilogy, as it is more exactly termed,—is planned on a most imposing scale,'and deals with the three great facts on which depend the exist- ence of the Christian Church,—the Passion and Death of the Saviour—His glorious life on earth from His Resur- rection to His Ascension—and thespread of Christianity in the world through the mission of the Apostles ; the three parts being preceded bra prologue on the Crea- tion, the Fall of our first parents, and the promise of a Redeemer. The music is essentially modern in conception and treatment, and in the course of its performance will be found many of those passages whose rare melodic beauty 'allied with masses of tone colouring—often almost sensuous in its richness and depth—we at once recognise as strikingly characteristic of the composer.

A .Press Association telegram from Chumbi on Thursday says :—The Mounted Infantry with the Thibet Mission had at Linginathan this morning a most exciting chase after a doe of the Shan Sikkim species of deer,which came down on the plain. The animal finally fell, exhausted, and was clipturf.)d alive. It is probably the rarest zoological specimen in the world.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
PASSIVE RESISTANCE.

ELEVEN CASES AT WARRINGTON. Rev. J. F. Matthews "In Forma Pauper's."

Warrington's passive resisters, numbering eleven, ap- peared before the magistrates on Thursday. Not much public interest was taken in the proceedings,but several Free Church ministers occupied seats in the gallery. The magistrates on the bench were Messrs. Charles White (presiding), J. Rymer Young, and E. J. Guest. Mr. W H. Woodcock (borough collector) appeared on behalf of the overseers.

The following is a list of the resisters together with the amount of the Education rate unpaid :—Rev. J. F. Matthews, 9, Wash Lane, Latchford, ss; Rev. W. J. Roberts, 30, Parker street, 5s Gd ; EvanE. Hugheo, 10, Crosfield street, is Gd ; Thomas Dale,76, Priestley street is 3d; William Mayer, 33, Froghall Lane, Gs 10d; Edward Howard, 192, Padgata Lane, 3s 2d; Norman Balmford, 15, Museum street, 9s 7d; Andrew Scriven, 4, Suez street, Gs ; Emma J. Fieldhouse, Bridge street, lOs 7d ; William Clatworthy, 21, Lovely-lane, Gs 8d ; William Gallop, 69, Buttermarket street, 10s. Before the cases were taken the Rev. J. F. Matthews said he would like to apply to the bench for a postpone- ment of the proceedings against the passive resisters until the second week in September. The reason for his request was a double one. It was not improbable that between now and September legislation might be introduced.into the House of Commons which would remove the sectarian grievance under which they laboured, and if that were removed they would be able to pay the first half year's rate as well as the next half year's. His second reason was that Mr. French, the presiding magistrate of the Barnstaple bench, had, in the possibility of such a contingency arising, felt it his duty to do the same. He did not suggest that was any precedent for their worships, but he suggested that it might be interesting to them to know that if they did that, and the overseers would consent to it— Mr. W. H. Woodcock: We shall not consent, Mr. Matthews.

The Rev. J. F. Matthews: I think it would help matters considerably. The Chairman: lam afraid we cannot let it go as long as that. The Rev. J. F. Matthews; It is not because we want to escape any penalty. So far as I am concerned, I stand here this morning, in forma pauperis. You can do as you like.

The Chairman: Mr. Woodcock wants his money. Mr. Woodcock: Yes. I want my money. (Laugh- ter.) There is no season why they should not pay. The Rev. J. F. Matthews: Ido not propose to ad- dress you at any length. The Chairman: We cannot allow you to address us at any length. The Rev. J. F. Matthews: We wish to enter our pro- test very courteously and emphatically. We do not feel any legal or moral obligation to pay a rate for sectarian purposes under the present Education Act. The Chairman : Having said that, will you be satis- fied without a distress warrant being issued? The Rev. J. F. Matthews : lam afraid it will not be very much use in my case. All the goods I had are my wife's now.

Mr. Woodcock: I ask for a distress warrant. The Chairman (to the Rev. J. F. Matthews) : I am very sorry you adopt this course? Why can't you pay? The Rev. J. F. Matthews: I have no alternative. I cannot possibly help it. Being what I am, I should never dream of paying a sectarian rate for any sectarian purpose whatever.

Mr. J. R. Young: You pay it in the long run. Why not content yourself with a protest up to this point? Why go a step further and require a distress warrant? The Rev. J. F. Matthews: I fail to see it would ben protest without a distress warrant.

- Mr. Young: You are-goinii-OPay. Your goods will be seized.

The Chairman: Suppose you pay now and protest in September. We don't want to issue distress warrants but we have no choice.

The Rev. J. F. Matthews: I quite admit you have no choice. I don't know whether you will over-ride the legal gift of my goods to my wife. The Chief Constable: Mr. Matthews thinks he will tempt us to arrest him, but he really won't. If he does I shall have him as my guest. Mr. E. J. Guest (to the Rev. J. F. Matthews) : You have my full sympathy in this matter. lam very sorry we are obliged to enforce the law, but you have my full sympathy in the action you are taking. The distress warrant was issued. Mr. Evan E. Hughes was the next resister. The Chairman: Are you one of the gentlemen called • passive resisters? Mr. Hughes: Yes. The Chairman : Won't you pay the 7s. 6cl. quietly? Mr. Hughes: No, I object. Mr. T. Dale, who owed Is. 3d., was asked by the Chairman if he would have the sum lent to him.

Mr. Dale: No sir. I object on a matter of principle and conscience.

The Rev. W. J. Roberts said that if he paid the Education rate it meant paying for the teaching of the doctrine of regeneration in baptism. The Clerk: Have you a legal objection? Mr. Roberts: I consider this in a way a legal objec- tion.

The Chairman : Was the summons properly served? Mr. Roberts said he considered the summons was illegal because it summoned him fornotpayingthe Poor rate. He had never refused to pay that rate, but only the Education rate.

The Clerk: The amount for education is included in the Poorjrate. The Chairman: If you have any legal objection we will listen, but we cannot listen to sentimental objec- tions.

Mr. Roberts was again proceeding to read over his objections to the teaching of certain doctrines but The Chairman said the magistrates could not allow that for a moment.. _

.. --- Mr. Roberts : Ido not consider this justice, Mr A. Scriven said he had an objection to the rate, as the superintendent of a Sunday School of over 300 children. Owing to his position he was bound to pro- test against a sectarian rate. Miss Fieldhouse had a similar objection to the other resisters, but in answer to a remark of the Chairman's, denied that it was sentimental. Distress warrants were issued in all the cases. The Clerk: Will you allow all the names to be put on one distress warrant as before? The Chairman: Yes. The Rev. J. F. Matthews : We are extremely sorry that we have to come before you. The Chairman: So are we. The Rev. J. 17: Matthews: I promise you that if YOU will help us to get the Act remedied we won't come here. We are very grateful to the assistant over- seer for his urbanity and kindness. They are proverbial in Warrington.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Visit of the Officers to the Rev. J. F. Matthews' House.

After the Police Court proceedings the officers attended at Mr. Matthe rsi house, Wash-lane, Latchford, to seize sufficient goods to pay for the amount of the Education Rate. Mr. Matthews however informed the officers that none of the furniture or any article in the house belonged to him as he had assigned them to his wife. The officers then coutteously asked to see Mrs. Matthews in order to have the statement corrobor Med. On interviewing Mrs. Matthews she informed the officers that it was as Mr. Matthews stated viz., that all the articles in the house now belonged to her. The officers therefore were obliged to leave the house, without being able to seize any of the goods. The other distraints were duly enforced, and in each case articles were handed over to the police officers. The Rev. J. F. Matthews' case was the only exception. The sale of the goods will take place on Thursday next. An extremecourse is opm to the authorities if they cue to enforce it, with reference to the attitude'of the Rev. J. F. Matthews. It is hardly likely, however, that this step will be tAken. By his action, we are given to understand, Mr. Matthews is likely to be disfranchised.

Wirral and Birkenhead Agricultural Society. The annual general meeting of members of this society will take place at the Woodside Hotel, Birken- head on Tuesday next, at 2-30 p.m. The respective Prize List Committees will shortly meet to draw up the prize schedule for the forthcoming show to be held on the 14th, 15th and 16th June (dogs, poultry and pigeons being exhibited on the 14th and 15th only).

===== 0002601_19040319_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED VOTE OF CENSURE.

Ur. Redmond has issued a circular to the member of the Irish Nationalist party urging them to attend in the House of Commons next Monday night for the de- bate and division upon the vote of censure as to the ordinance for Chinese labour in the Transvaal. It is understood that the Government will insist upon the debate being confined' to one day.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAWEED AS A MEDICINE.

ITS MARVELLOUS EFFECT UPON THE STOMACH, LIVER, KIDNEYS AND BLOOD. SEA-WEED possesses a natural strengthening, healing, and purifying power/ infinitely greater than ordinary medicines. This is now regarded as conclusive by eminent authorities, who recommend it daily since Veno's Sea-weed Tonic was first introduced. A pure palatable extract of Sea-weed is one of the principle ingredients of Veno's Sea-weed Tonic. This remedy excels in the cure of INDIGESTION, WIND, HEADACHE, NERVOUS COMPLAINTS, KIDNEY TROUBLES, WEAK AND PAD/UL BACK, TORPID LIVER, FEMALE TROUBLES, POORNESS OF BLOOD and" HABITUAL CON- TIPATION." Its most brilliant effect is produced in Stomach, Liver and Kidney m Complats.The remarkable cures Veno's Seaweed Tonic effect even in the worst cases is positive proof of its therapeutic value. Ask for VENO'S SEA-WEED TONIC, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per bottle, at Chemists and Drug Stores.

===== 0002601_19040319_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. Rugby Football. By " Ovalist."

Swinton sweetly succumbed at the second time of asking and Warrington now hold a strong position in Round 2 of the cup-ties. It seems an awfully long time since last Saturday somehow, and the drawn game at Swinton appears to the memory like some half-forgotten dream. This is all attributable to the excitement of waiting for Wednesday's replay, and the exhilaration caused by Warrington's big win. The more recent event has almost wiped out one's recollection of the earlier struggle. Yet it was, in my opinion, the finer game of the two, notwithstand- qng the fact that pointless draws are usually considered uninteresting.

I was bold enough to predict in this column last week that Warrington would get at least a point out of the match at Swinton. And so they did. The game was almost an exact repetition of the league match three weeks before, for the " Wirepullers " had all the game but could not penetrate the Lions' defensive armour. Considering the strain it was sub- jected to one marvels at the Swinton defence holding out so well. Every man in the Warrington back division had a try—and a desperate one too—at breaking through the barrier of Blues, but all to no purpose,and the seven or eight thousand people had to be content with long-drawn • suspense which never culminated in anything tangible. Naturally the 1,500 Warrington supporters left the colliery village well-content and with rosy visions of the replay at "home sweet home."

The Swinton directors were evidently far from satisfied with the performance of their selected fifteen on Saturday, for no less than six changes were made for Wednesday's struggle. When the team was pub- lished there was scarcely any difference of opinion in Warrington on the fact that the team had not been improved, and the sequel set the seal on the folly of the Swinton directors in not leaving well alone. Gartrell and Molyneux were both sadly missed, while the experiment of placing Chorley in the centre was a colossal failure. Warrington made ducks and drakes of the defence this time and Swinton were quite out-classed, as the score of 20 points to nil in Warrington's favour conclusively proves. A sorrier exhibition than that put up by the Blues has not been seen at Wilderspool for a long time.

Wednesday's game commenced with Swinton show- ing a very bold front, and for a time the home sup- porters feared that their champions were going to have an off-day. Both forwards and backs were a long time in getting into stride, and when a raid on the Swinton line produced a penalty goal to Fish there was real satisfaction and relief. There was not going to be another pointless draw anyhow. This was really the turning point in the game. Warring- ton commenced to imyrove, and a smart bit of work close in resulted in Dickenson making an effort worthy of Jim Valentine himself and scoring near the posts, Fish adding a goal with ease. By the way, the renowned" Jim " and Brother Bob were both on the stand puffing at big cigars and watching the downfall of Swinton's pride and glory with sportsmanlike forti- tude. No man has seen his side beaten oftener at Wilderspool than Jim Valentine, and the experience was therefore not at all new or surprising. Probably he expected nothing better. Warrington was ever a burying ground for other people's hopes in clip-ties.

The half-time score was only seven points to nil in Warrington's favour, and as they turned round with the wind the Blues might be said to have had just a sporting chance. That chance disappeared in the remote distance two minutes after resuming. The home men rose to the top of their form straight away, and superb combination was capped by Fish running in a brilliant try though twice tackled. Then it was Warrington first and Swinton nowhere. They quite out-classed the Blues in all movements outside the scrum and Dickenson put on another try from a smart move by Davies. Fish, as usual kicked the goal. Later a bout of passing completely lost the visitors and Isherwood ran in between the posts ; Fish again obliging. This brought Warrington's total to 4 goal, 4 tries, a nice round twenty points. Only once had Swinton looked like scoring, and that was when the burly Preston got away with Williamson in attendance. He failed to pass, however, and the chance was lost.

The contrast between the two teams was most marked on Wednesday, and Warrington were every bit 20 points the better side. Swinton's back play was atrocious and a positive disgrace to the famous Blue jersey. Warrington on the other hand were moving in fine style once they settled down and the backs reproduced the form that carried them into the final tie a couple of seasons ago. The forwards were also good, Thomas, Fairhurst, and Boardman being very prominent. I must also give special praise to the centres, both Isherwood and Dickenson playing in great style, and leading the attack perfectly. The halves were also much smarter in the second half and if they will:only be as quick and resourceful henceforth Warrington will have a bright prospect. Fish was a host in himself and his dash was in direct contrast to his play during the past few weeks. Qup-tie training seems to have put him in grand fettle. Hallam was as safe as ever,and Harris is always reliable. Dixon alone did well among the Swinton backs, and his play at full-back was the ore redeeming feature of a miser- able exhibition on the part of the team.

A word of praise is due to Mr. J. H. Smith who re- fereed most capably and to the satisfaction of both sides in each match. It was due to his good manage- ment that the games were fought in such good spirit and with a refreshing freedom from injury to players considering the keen3ess shown.

Warrington have 'done well out of the cup-ties so far, as they share gates amounting to £l7O and £l6O respectively. The latter sum is more than double what Warrington have ever taken before in a mid- week match, and the crowd of 7,000 was a positive eye-opener.

To-day Warrington have the good fortune to be again at home in the cup-ties withWigan as opponents Given fine weather the gate records should go with a bang, for the coal heavers have a huge following this season. Moreover Warrington are expected to win, notwithstanding the " cocky" air of the large con- tingent of Wiganers present on Wednesday. Doubtless the home forwards will get a putting-up but the backs should be equal to winning the match. When Wigan were here on December sth, Warrington won by 11 points to 6, after a scrambling game in the fog. Two tries on each side were scored by the forwards, but it was no day for back-play. All Warrington hope for to-day is fine weather and a dry turf, and they should pass into Round 3.

Warrington will again have the same fifteen doing duty, viz : Hallam, full back; Fish, Isherwood, Dickenson and Harris, threequarters ; Bate and Davies, half backs; Thomas, Boardman, Cook, Naylor Fairhurst, Jolley, Swift, and Harmer forwards.

The draw for the sec)nd round of the cup-competi- tion is as follows :

Leigh v. Hunslet ; Pontefract v. Batley; Runcorn v. Broughton Rangers; Warrington V. Wigan; Hull v. Salford ; Barrow v. Halifax; Elolbeck v Bradford; and Leeds v. Keighley. To be played on the grounds of the first-named to-day (Saturday).

Runcorn accomplished a fine performance by winning their re-play at Wakefield, and thus earning their right to entertain Broughton Rangers in Round 2. Now, I learn with astonishment that the Runcorn directors have bartered away their " birthright" and consented to play the game at Broughton. This is by no means fair to the other clubs iin the Competition for t amounts to the Rangers buying their way into the third round— nothing more nor less. The Northern Union authori- ties ought to have a voice in such arrangements as these, which are not for the good of the game. I can, however,sympathise with the Runcorn officials. They could have had £lOO for going to Wakefield on Satur- day. Instead they played at home from loyalty to their supporters and were rewarded with a £47 gate, which had to be shared of course. And after all they had to go to the cathedral town on Wednesday! They might well succumb to the blandishments of the Broughton charmer, but the action i . s to be con- demned in the interests of fair play. Little credit to the Rangers if they win the cup by these means!

===== 0002601_19040319_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
WIGAN OPINIONS,

A Wigan corresp-o-n—deni-sends me the following with reference to the match :

Previous to last Sat-ti-r-cia-Y- the Wigan committee and supporters did not interest themselves to any great extent in this season's competition or the Northern Union Cup, preferring to think more of their position in the League. But after the success at Huddersfield

enthusiasm has been aroused, and the whole topic of • football conversation is the forthcoming engagement with Warrington. The Wiganers feel that they would have had a better chance of success if meeting Swinton, but it must not be inferred that they make the journey to Warrington devoid of hope. They have won at Wilderspool before and they intend to make a great effort to do the same again. The com- mittee were so satisfied with the performance of the players last week that with the exception of one for- ward they have chosen the same team. This means that the following players will take the field :—Full back, Mason; threequarters, Barr, Leytham, Harris, and Sharrock ; half-backs, Davies and Sedgwick ; forwards, Hilton (captain), Brown, Collier, Topping, Barton, Whittaker, Blears and Halliwell.

The Wiganers are laying great store by their forwards who are at the present time playing better than they have done during the season, and in recent matches have invariably worn down the opposing pack. They are very dangerous in the loose, and yet are sufficiently weighty to hold their own against the sturdiest pack. It will be a great game between the forwards, for there is little doubt the Wiganers will try their hardest to prevent the ball coming out on the Warrington side, knowing full well the capabilities of the home backs.

Wigan's Weakness will be at half where a secoad. teamer in Sedgwick takes Anderson's place. Ander- son is a fine player in many respects,. but he has been dropped on account of a lack of judgment at critical moments. Still the action of the committee in not playing him has. been strongly criticised in town. Sedgwick will probably do little else than feed Davies, who gets away quickly. The three-quarter line is stronger than when Wigan last visited Warrington on the memorable foggy afternoon. Sharrock, who is extremely strong, will keep a sharp look-out on slippery Fish, and on the other wino. Barr will face Harris. Barr is one of the most powerful runners in the Northern Union, and requires a great deal of stopping. He is very speedy. If Harris, of Wigan, is well he is a very capable bustling centre, but unfor- tunately he has been in poor health for a month or so, and was really unfit to play against Huddersfield. Leytham is better on the wing than at centre, though he is a player who can fill most positions creditably. His great forte is snapping chances and playing with ready judgment. On several occasions he has single handed pulled a match out of the fire for Wig an. Although the Wigan backs are so good individually they sometimes play with little cohesion, and it is iii this respect that they fail to score. If they are on their best behaviour on Saturday some pretty play ought to be seen. Mason, the full back, is essentially a player of pluck, fearless in stopping forward rushes. It is a pity his kick is not bigger.

The prevailing opinion is that Warrington will find, their task far greater than against Swinton, and that if the visitors can control the scrimmage they will win.—Alreiady there are indications that a tremendous crowd will accompany the team, and probably two or three thousand Wiganers will fill the special trains.

Last night the Warrington men were reported "lit." There has been no protest re Dickenson. Harris, the Wigan centre, was refused a permit to play at last night's professional committee meeting.

With the Cup-ties in full pwino• one cannot expect much excitement about the Work's' Competition just yet, buc it win, nevertheless, soon be under way. There are 19 entries this season and the draw for the first round includes 11 byes aid 4 games. Full parti- culars may be gleaned from the poster on the wall. The opening game will take place on Friday the 25th, between London and North-Western and the Cable Company.

I understand that the Committee also have under consideration the formation of a sahoolboys' competi- tion. The elementary schools in the town ought t be able to raise a goodly band of enthusiasts for the handling code.

While studying the " Examiner " file of ten years ago I dropped across the report of the match in which Warrington compiled their record score.. This was on the last Saturday of 1893 at Wilderspool, when the locals defeated Rugby by 10 goals 3 tries,(s9 points)to nil. Barber made his debut on this occasion, and opened the scoring with a brilliant try behind the posts. Charley Potts, Jack Massey and Paddy Carey completed the three-quarter line on that memorable afternoon. On the New Year's Day following Warrington went to St. Helens and drew with the Rees, while the "A" team at home, assisted by Barber, Broady, and Cross from the Stockton Heath club made rings round the Recs. juniors. Those were great days!

Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALKEI* & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bevrny-street, and published by them at the same pl_ace,and also at The Examiner Offices,Victoria-road, WIDNES; 32, George-street, Sr. HELENS; 3, Market. street, EARLESTOWN; Church—street RUNCORN, MAR.. 19TH 1904.4

SEI • 1\..1 10.. m and E Organ wotk

NC the a °it th (2 Bo tioo. Lis or clerk to th, to ttl

thole, In Ellen the g, Da

PU lienr Other Co ----

T 1 Co! bOI P.rri It the app

St,. Mr; Mr, Mi. Pu

===== 0002601_19040319_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19040319_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
,atilkil .. .:? , ...:

===== 0002601_19040319_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
B. WADSWORTH, SOLE AGENT FOR THE WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF 'JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDREssI: 59, SANKEY-ST.. WARRINGTON

BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CIIURCH. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MARCH 20th. at 10.30. Rev. R. WILKINS RIM. Morning Subject: " Christianity's Credentials found in its helpfulness." At 6.30. Rev. J. L. MILNE, 13 D. ....______lll2_yelcome. Hymn books provided.

SPRING FASHIONS. W. HODGKIN SON, LIMITED, • BEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY WILL MAKE THEIR FIRST SHOW OF THE LATEST MODES IN ALL DEPARTDIENTS ON TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY NEXT. MARCH 22ND, 23RD AND 24TH1 BRIDGE Sr., WARRINGTON.

SERVICE FOR THE PEOPLE. REV. HERBERT DUNNICO WILL PREACH IN THE ROYAL COURT THHATRE s„TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MARCH 20TH 6.30 P.M. THE CHURCH AND SOCIAL PROBLEM," ,SOCIALISTS AND CHRISTIAN PEOPLE HEARTILY INVITED. COMB EARLY. BOOKS PROVIDED. ALL SEATS FREE.

BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON.—" BIBLE SUNDAY," TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MARCH 20th. At 10.30 Rev, G. H. CA-NSON. At 6.30 Rev. J. F. MATTHEW S. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

WARRINGTON CHURCH SOCISTY -SPECIAL ADDRESS TO MEN °FLY. ON FRIDAY NEXT. MARcR Elym, AT BP. M., Ury IN THE PARISH CHURCH. BY THE —• FRANCIS B. POWELL (VICAR op SEWERBY) ON "SUNDAY OBSERVANCE." AIL SEATS FREE. SERVICE ONE HOUR ONLY. WORKING MEN SPECIALLY INVITED.

lAT ARRINGTON AND DISTRICT FREE CHURCH COUNCIL. THE ANNUAL PUBLIC MEETING} BE HELD IN rEz CO-OPERATIVE HALL. SANIOY STREET, ON THURSDAY NExr, MARCH 24TH. SPEAKER.: REV. W, J. TOWNsEND, D.D.. PRESTATYN, . ALEXANDER MA.CKENNAL. 8.A..D.D , Bownolf. Chair to be taken at 7-30 by C. E. PARKER. ESQ.' PRESIDENT. COLLIICTLON.

BOYS YOU WANT BOOTS I'm off.ring Sixty I WANT TRADE Style. in Box Calf and Glace MO at Bs. 6d. a LE rs GET TOGETaER time. ARTHUR EVANS.I POSTAL 155, ALDHUSGATIs ST., LONDON. DEPARTMENTS 5, LONDON /WAD. LIVBRPOOL.

MTA RRI NGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. THIRD SUBSCRIPTION CONCERT IN THE PARR HALL. ON WEDNESDAY NEXT, MARC II 23RD, 1904, GOUNOD'S "TH6 REDEMPTION." ARTISTES .- MISS WINIFRED WYNNE SOPRANO. MISS MAUD TURNER CONTRALTO. MR, JAMES DAVIS TENOR. r,.. R. CHARLES KNOWLES BASS AND ORCHBSTRA or OVER 200 Pith FORMERS. CONDUCTOR: MA. F. H. CILOSSLEY. or full particulars see Posters. Tio rsoPen 7.15 p.m. Cuneert 7.45 p.m. CarriaEes 10.20 p.m. • cket-holders admitted by early doors at 7 p.m. t:r1•0 and Tickets at Messrs R. H. Pearson's,Ltd., 10 Bald et. W. REYNOLDS. W. E. ATKIN. Treasurer. Hon. Secretary.

S_ INGING.—MRS. A. BOOTH has a few VACANCIBS for PUPILS for Singing and Piano. Also openlfor engagements for concerts, etc.-29, BUTTER- MARKET STREET. Warrington.

PRIVATF. DETECTIVE AGENCY, ALFREu B. HOPLEY, Central Buildings, North John Street, Liverpool, conducts inquiries of all kinds personally and confidentially. Agents in the U. S. A. and Canada. _____

w ARRINGTON CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. President: J. CHARLTON PARR. Esq. LECTURE BY CHARLES LANCASTER, ESQ. (Liverpool Chamber of Commerce.) a "THE MONTREAL CONGROSS, 19)3, AND A TOUR THROUGH THE DOMINION." At the TOWN HALL on 'M OND AY, MARCH 2lst. At Three O'clock. Admission by Ticket, to be obtained from ARTHUR AHNNETI, HON. Sze.

'HOW WINDOW FITTINGS. TAILORS BLOCKS AND DUMMIBS, DRBSSMAKBRS' 80X133 AND STANDS. J. YATES AND CO., 20, BROWNLOW HILL, LIVBRPOOL.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTB I TAILS OF ) /Wad HAIR FRAMRS, PURR FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LRECE ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

CENTENARY OF THE BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLB SOCIETY, GREAT CELEBRATION IN THE PARR HALL, °N MONDAY, MARCH 21ST, 1904, AT 745 P.M. JOHN FAIRCLOUGH, ESQ., J.P', WILL PRESIDE. TER LORD BISHOP OF LIVERPOOL AND THE REV. JOHN WATSON, D.D. (lAN MACLAREN), WILL SP &LE, Supported by Local Clergy, Ministers, and Gentlemen. HYMNS AND ANTEIRYI LED BY A LARGE UNITED CHOIR, ktilsn under the leadership of -4. P Riley RANDALL and W. H. PAYTON, Mils. Bac, Collection for the Centenary Fund of the Society. 'J411'141:1 People of All Denomination eirnestly invited to attend this meeting. 4.„,,„ O.IEIRRS OF 0110111,1 willing to help as above -eqUested to meet for brief PRAUTICH IN PARR HALL _ ...DAY Arra RNOON (to-morrow) at 3.16.

(31_ S66IP it iNII4IUi Urklai The best and cheapest ever offered to the Publl2. Bold by all lirocers and Druggists,l (Jai:Lista& 6d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J.VEDDES AND SON. LTD WaRRING TOD BSTABLISHIM 1833.

HOSPITAL SUNDAY, MARC a 20TH, 1904. SERMONS will be preached and collections made as follows : Parish Church Morn The Rector Even Rev. S. J. Sykes St. Clement's Mission Even Rev. A. S. Cameron St. titorge's Mission Even Rev. A. F. White St. Paul's Church Morn Rev. T. W. Barber Even Rev. W. Bracecamp All Sainte' Mission Morn and Even Captain Dawber, C.A.O. Holy Trinity Church Morn Rev, A. Inglis, M.A. Even Rev.G.B. Thurston,M.A. Christ Church Morn and Even Rev. G. C. Edges St. Peter's Church Morn Rev. D. IL James Even Rev. B. Percival St. Ann's Morn Rev. D. Kerrin Even The Vicar St. Barnabas' Morn Rev. P. M. Forrest Even Hon. & Rev. C. F. Cross. St. James' . Morn and aven Rev. A. B, Firth, M.A. St. Luke's Mora Rev. J. H. G. Honing- worth, ICA. Even Rev. H. R. Wild, M.A. Training College Chapel Even Rev. M. Stevenson Stockton Heatn Church Morn Rev. H. V. kigot Even Rev. C. A. M. Evans Winwick Church Morn Canon Ptnryn Even Rev. M. W. Rogers Grappenhall Church Morn and Even The Clergy Sankey Church Morn and Even The Clergy Stretton Church Morn The Vicar Even Rev. P. M. Forrest Padgate Church Morn Rev. W. Polioek- Hill Even Rev, G. Vale Owen Orford Church Morn Rev. G. Vale Owen Even Rev. W. Pollock-Hill Cairo-streetaChapel Eorn and Even Rev. C Harvey Cook Wycliffe Church Morn Rev, J. Yonge Even Rev. R. Wilkins Rees Bold-street Wesleyan Church Morn Rev. G. H. Carnson Even Rev. 3. F. Matthews Bewsey-road Wes. Church Morn Rev. It. Wilkins Rees Even Rev. L, J. Milne, M.A. 8.D., Sankey Bridges Morn Ur. W. Light Even Rev. J. s. Hughes Latchford Morn Mr. A. White Even Rev, J. Gunnell Ellesmere-street Mission Even Mr. Woolley Padgate Wesleyan Church Morn Rev. W. C. Nsville Even Mr. Sherlock. Penketh Wesleyan Church Morn Rev. 3. Gunnell Even Mr. J. Bailey Moore St it Morn and Even Mr. S. Moss Hill Cliffe Baptist Church Morn Rev. J. S. Hughes Even Rev. G. H. Carnson Latchford Baptist Church Morn Rev. J. F. Matthews Even Rev. J. Yonge GOlborne-st Baptist Church Morn and Even Rev. H. Dunnico Lymm Baptist Church Mirn and Even Rev. J. W. Back St. John's Presbyterian Church Morn Rev. J. L. Milne, B.D. Even Rev. W. C. J. Neville Gospel Hall Even Mr. S. Street of Oldham Welsh Chapel Morn and Even Rev. H. Roberts, of Liverpool Academy-street Chapel Morn and Even Brick-st Church (1.M.) Morn and liven Mr J. Hestord,of Lowton Buckley-st Church Morn and Even Knutsford-rd Church (P.M.) Afternoon Mr. Cleave Even Mr. Higginson Salvation Army Hall Morn and Even Adjutant T Everness Workingmen's Mission .. Morn and Even Mr. E. W. Evans Emmanuel Church . Morn and Even Rev. F. Vaughan ALP. J. JOLLEY, Hon. Sec.

LIVRRPOOL AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC ASSOCIATION.—IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE S (J43l&•tA CLUB AND THE MANCHESTER AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC SOCIETY. -..i.HEEN PHOTOGRAPHIC FXHIBITION, PICTORIAL AND SOLENHFIC, THE WALKER ART GALLERY LIVERPOOL. (By kind permission of the Art and Exhibitiou Sub-committee) 26Th MARCH Ta 9Th APRIL. °Pen daily eGood Friday excepted) from 12 noon to 10 p.m. ADMISSION SIXPENCE. Semon Tickets, 2s. 6d. each, admitting to opening Soiree. Book of 6 tickets 2s. 6d. THE IiXIIIBITON WILL BE OPETED BY J.IIR RIGHT HON. THE LORD MAYOR OF LIVERPOOL (Am). R. ALFRED HAMPSON, J.P.) 4.T A SOIREE, ON FRIDAY EVENING. 25TEt MARCH, AT 7.30. Admission by Season Ticket only. MAGNIFICENT DISPLAY oir PICTORIAL PHOTOGRAPHS. SCIENTIFIi PHOTOGRAPHS. COLOUR PHOTOGRAPHY. LANTERN SLIDES. IRA.DE EXHIBITS, ,Sze. DEMONSTRLTIoNEI : RADIUM AND X RAYS. LANNEIN LECTURES FREE. _ BEASON TICKETS NOW READY, and can be purchased !tom CH AS. F. I NiTON, Horr. SEC 25 SOUTH JOHN - STREET, LIVERPOOL. •. I

MEDICAL OFFICER. pEARSON & KNOWLES SICK AND ACCIDENT SOCIETIES. e COMMITTEE INVITE APPLICATIONS from duly ''euified Practitioners for the position of MEDICAL OFFICER. Membership ovcr 2,000. nY further information may be obtained from the under- Etied to whom applications should be addressed. P. C. PRICE. L. ANDREWS, f Secretaries. Bewsey Offices. Warrington. 17th March, 1904. LONDON AND NORTH WESTERN RAILWAY, COMPANY.—GARSTON DOCKS. Ts- RAILWAY NOTICE. LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY Rive NOTICE that the GARSTON NORTH Will be RUN DRY and closed for repairs from the •.". tide on Thursday, lamb 31st, 1904. th4_lB hoped the dock will again be available tor work by 6'AI:I. tide on Tuesday April sth. but further notice will al3Pear in the Liverpool press of that date. IP9IIO4R.DERIOK HARRISON, General Manager, Ruston Station.

CUE-SHIRE LINES.-LIVERPOOL SPRING gik„,,,ItA.ORS. 1904.—0 n THURSO AY, FRIDAY, and )pcV,,RDAY, MARC if 24th, 25th, and 26th, a service of (Oen:l./ASS TRAINS will be run from WARRINGTON Station) to Aintree as un ler : Thursday, dep 835 11.0 11.30 1.25 Friday 11 Saturday tlin6turn Fares :—First Class 4s. Third Class 2s. For return -.es and full particulars see bills at the Stations. By Order. 00 1, March, 1904.

WARRIN GT 0 N FREE CIIIJRCH.E4S. THE ANNUAL UNITED COMMUNION SERVICE WILL BE HELD IN BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHUInH, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) EVENING-, MARCH 20Tif, 1904 AT 8 O'CLOCK. THE REV. G. H. CARNSON WILL PRESIDE AND THE ADDRESS WILL BE GIVEN BY THE REV. JOHN YONGB. Members of all Christian Churches are cordially invited,

C°U3TY BO ROUG El OF WAR ItINGTON.— kur„„ ,hMoRT AL to the SOUTH LANC&SHIRS RRGl- uth 130 4 (Line Militia an Volunteers) for their Services in Are The to the '"xecutiye Committee APPRAL for SUBSCRIPTIONS 8 b Dr°Poted Memorial to the South Lancashire Regiment. to jtil_scriptioos may be paid int() any of the Local Banks or a Borough Treasurer at Bank House. wELLIAn BOLTON, Havor and Chairman of the Rxecutive Como:at:et Town all, Warrington, 18th March, 1914. T ISr OF SUBSCHIPTION3. lien vit rY Greenall 5 0 0 ...par, & segar Owen 3 3 0 ......i.. lionT7eaGsrdizoetilbarroeok Rylands 2 2 0 1 1 0 7 1 1 0 Twhilellarn Richardson 4.ldmisasreys TBiftnnektesy 1 1 0 Attlee: Gleave 010 6 "4"a nt praviously acknowledged

A WEEK'S HOLIDAY IN IRELAND-- FOR 395. 6n. INCLUDES SALOON ON STEAMER (V: AND FROM LIVERPOOL), 3rd Class Rail, 14 miles drive along the County Down Coast, giving an elaborate View of the Famous Mourne Mountains, also Board and Lodgings in Ist Class Hotel. FREE PASS given to Foreman and others capable of organising parties of ten. Further particulars on application to HARPER, NEWPORT- STREET, LIVERPOOL.

MACDONALD'S • HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL rfE ETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly, adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 201 GOLD INLAY 40s. MACDON ALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M. •

S. FERNLEY. LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. WATCHES. CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

111AGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHBFFIELD:MARE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 35., 4s. 6D., AND 55., 60. J. G. DODD. 10, Sr, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY. THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- -1_ pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BoROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices. Warrington.

ELECTION OF POOR LAW GUARDIAN. TO THE ELECTORS OF LATCHFORD WARD. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,— Having been asked to allow myself to be nominated for the forthcoming election of a Poor Law Guardian for Latchford Ward, I have much pleasure in placing my services at your disposal. I disclaim all political feeling and have received mane promises of support from representatives of all shades of opinion. I am fully aware of the responsible and manifold duties attaching to the office of a Guardian of the Poor. I have for ten years visited at the Warrington Work- house, chiefly in the Infirmary, and have been a mem- ber of the Isirabeizon society since its commencement. I have for two years been Brabazon Secretary and have been greatly pleased to see what a cheering effect the work has had on the spirits of the invrlids, some of whom are condemned to pass the remainder of their days within the Hospital walls. I have ample time at my disposal and, if elec'ed, I Should devote myself energetically to all the duties coming within the sphere of a Guardian of the Poor, es- pecially in connection with the care of the women, the girlt, the children, and the aged, sick and infirm of both sexes, who together comprise the vast majority of those who have to be dealt with under the Poor Law. There are also many cases arising in connection with out relief which Women Guardians are specially qualified to deal with ber assisting women and girls who are willing to work, to obtain empicyment of earl us kinds, and by helping them in other ways to avoid the brand of pauper ism. Experience has proved the desirability of having on every board of guardians a fair proportion of women to deal specially with their own sex and with the chil- dren. and to supervise the innumerable details which are necessary in a large Institution, and which they are more fitted by nature and training to look after than men. When it is considered that there are 163 women and a large number of children to be eared for, it will be obvious to any thoughtful person that there is plenty of work for two or three women on the Board. I am deeply sensible of the necessity for the strictest economy in the management of such a vast organization as the Warrington Guardians have to control. and on this point I should endeavour to safeguard the Rate- payers' interests by the most judicious expenditure of their money. My only desire in seeking election is, that if success- ful, I may be able to devote my time and energies on behalf of those whose misfortune and infirmities make them dependent on the help of others, and in whose interests as well as your own, I earnestly solicit your support. I am, Ladies and Gentl-men, Yours faitt fully. CONSTANCE H. BROADBENT. The Hoilles, Latchford, March 15th, 1904.

UN TY BOK, 'UGH OF W A RRINti CON. k THB SANITARY WORKS COMMITTEE ARE PRE- PARED TO RBOBIVIII TENDERS for the supply of about 45 tons per week of good firin slazic to be delivered at Longford Depiat, in such tivantities as may be required from day to day, for six montos commencing 16th April,l9o4. Persons tendering must submit, a ong with their tender, a 71b sample of the sia:ik they tender for, and must name the pit from which the slack will be taken. The Contrac,ors shall pay all persons engaged or em- ployed by them on tt,e works, the rates of wages recognised in the district, and shall observe such hours of labour as are generally atnepted as fair in each tra4e. Tenders to be ad tressed ti the " Chairman, Sanitary Works Committee, Town Hall, Warrington." to be securely fastened, endorsed "Tenders for Slack " and &livered not later than Monday, 28th March, 1904 The lowest or any tender not necessarily aelarited. J, LYON %on-11mm. Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington, 13th March. 1904. COUNTY BOROUGFI OF WARAINGTON.—The GAS COMMITTEE INVITE TENDERS for the supply of the undermentioned goods. Full particulars can be obtained on application before 31st March to Mr. W. S. Haddock, Gas Office, Mersey-street. 1 Bags 17 Glass 2 Bolts and Nuts 18 Iron Bars and Sheets 3 Brass and copper tubing 19 Lead and Comp° Pipe 4 Brass Fittings 20 Lime 5 Builder's Ironmongery 21 Oils 6 Cast Iron Pipes 22 Rails. Crossing 5, 7 Cast Iron Connections Fastens, &c, 8 Cast Iron Lamp Pillars 25 Red and White Lead 9 Castings 24 Retorts 10 Clothing 25 Retort Mouth pieces and 11 Copper Street Lamps Lids 12 Cookers 26 steel Joists 13 Common Paving and 21 Setts other Bricks 28 Timber 14 Firebrick 29 Wet and dry Gas Meters 15 Fireclay 30 Wrought Iron Tubes 16 Flexible Tube 31 Wrought Iron Fittings

eIfiESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL,—The EDUCA- NJ CATION COMMITTRE offer FOR COMPETITION:- 120 DAY SCROLARSHIPS to boys and girls who are in attendance at Elementary schools, to proceed to Secondary schools. Candidates must be not more than 14 years ,of age on August let. 1904. 180 ,CHOLARSHIPS for boys and girls desirous of be- coming pupil teachers, and who ate in attendance at any school,—Elementary or otherwise ; and who not be more than 15 or less than 12 ve<trs of age on August Ist, 1904. Forms of application for either set of icholarshios can now be obtained from the undersignad, to whom they must be returned not later than April 2nd, 1904. RICHARD P. WARD, Director of Education, City Road, Chester.

EXTERNAL TREATMENT.—SAFR AND CER.fAIN. VITA-LEO " A MARVELLOUS REMEDY." CONQUERS Pain, Sicknes4, and Suffering. Restores and Preserves Health. Prolongs Life. VITA-LEO OINTMENT CURES Ulcers, Sores, Wounds, Eczema, and o'her Skin Diseases, Bad Legs, Blood Poison. Piles, Fistula, Bcc. NITA-LEO REMEDIES place within the reach of the poor a power over disease unequalled by anything else that wealth can purchase. POST FREE : VITA-LEO is. 3ci., Is. 9d., and 2s. 9d; OINTMENT, 7d. and Is. Id. Direct from Manufacturers, PASSARD AND co IEO GREAT BIiITAIN STREET. DUBLIN. Pamphlet on " Disease, Cause, Prevention and Cure r. free PLEASE MENTION THIS PAPER.

T. CLARKE, HxAmINER- :OFFIOI3, BARLRsTOWN, Hall always in stock a GOOD AiSOBJMBNT of FANCY GOODS, ALBUMS (Photo and posteArd) also PUSH &c., and Stationery in general. Agent for Diaries, 1934. by different Publishers. Your patronage w'll be much appreciated. NOTE THE ADDRESS, 3. MARKRT STRRRT. RART,HRTOWN,

OUR BUYERS HAVING JUST RETURNED FROM THE CENTRES OF FASHION, WE SHALL MAKE OUR FIRST DISPLAY FOR THE SPRING, OF ALL THE LATEST NOVELTIES IN MILLINERY, MANTLES, COSTUMES, DRESS MATERIALS, ETC., ON TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY NEXT, MARCH 22ND AND 23RD, AND FOLLOWING DAYS. J. AND W. DUTTON. 16, 18, & 20, SANKEY STREET WARRINGTON.

PENDLEB URY'S ANNUAL STOCKTAKING SALE. FOUR WEEKS ONLY. AN EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY FOR PARTIES FURNISHING. 15 CPBENRT. GENUINE REDUCTIONS FROM ALL GOODS EXCEPT INLAID LINOLEUMS. CARPETS, BLINDS, AND LINOLEUMS FITTED FREE DURING SALE. GOODS BOUGHT DURING SL E STORED FREE OF CHARGE. ALL THE LATEST DESIGNS IN MAIL CARTS AT SALE PRICES, INSPECTION INVITED. PENDLEBURY'S /THAR CENTRAL STATION WARRINGTON.

MESSRS J. M. PORTER, LTD •,_ BE TO INFORM THEIR CUSTOMERS AND THE PUBLIC GENERALLY TEIAT THEY HAVE NOW OPENED A FIRST-CLASS FRUIT & FLORIST DEPARTMENT AT THEIR SANKEY STREET PREMISES. FRESH CUT FLOWERS DAILY. BOUQUETS, WREATHS. SPRAY, BUTTONHOLES. AND TABLE DECORATIONS A SPECIALITY. TELEPHONE No. 227.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOU E ID: THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S EVESING ',SHOW. IMMENSE dVARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

J. M. GREENHALGH & CO*, CABINET MAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS & DECORATORS, 1.38 & 140, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, AEG TO INFORM THE PUBLIC THAT THEY, WILL HAVE ON SttOW DURING NMI' WEEK" A VERY FINE SELECTION OF DINING-ROOM, DRA WING-ROO Vi AND BED-ROOMIFURNITURE, SUITES ' RANGING FROM £9 UPWARDS. INSPECTION CORDIALLI INVITED.

ESTABLISHED 1638. RICHARD JEFFREYS, • 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERFGOL, PRANIis MARBR AND PRINT SHLLBR. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. sultable!for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, he. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLBOTION OV PIiONOWIAPHS for Orystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON • 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL PAWNBROKERS, J EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. :(BY ILL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER/ ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OF EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old told and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in 'exchange. !limey advance on Jewellety, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, .to., to any amount at low rate. f;interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by poet, will receive ornmpt attention. TELEPHONE. 2061.

A (iIiKAT BOON TO WONKMKS. GOOD Workmen are being daily discharged from their eh nations not, throogh any fault of their own. but because their HAIR is TURNING- GREY, and their employ- ers think they are too old to ne any good. but a bottle of Lewis Sr Ron' s Hair Lotion has saved many, and will save many others. The Lotion is gaaranteed to RH-TORE THE HAIR TO ITS NATURAL COLOUR in 14 das. It Is not a dye, and is quite harmle,s, Price 1 bottle, 2..' 6d,; 2 bottles, 4s 6d.. post free.—LEwis & SoN, 10 Park road, Regent's Park, London.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BERN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are the best known Remedy for Anemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9td. is 1d 2s 9/1, 4s 6d, and Ils, May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, er from the prnrrletor. Only Address • 3.)9, PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON W.

MOTOR CARS, MOTOR CYCLES AND CYCLES. LEADING LINES : PREMIER'S .-....-.-.-... .El 2 123. 01. EXCELSIOR'S ._...—_....- .ElO 103. Od. SPARKBROOK'S___.-- .£8 83.. Od. SOLE AGENT FOR:— EXCELSIOR MOTOR CYCLES, M.M.C. CARS, ELSWICS CARS, &c, &c. QUOTATIONS FOR ANY MAK 7. SEE THE 6i H.P. ELSWICK CAR, Price 135 GUINEAS, the Wonder of the Motor World. J. S. GARLAND, INVITRS IIIoPECTION AT THE SHOWROOMS, 51 53, & 55., ,BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

SPECIAL NOTICE. TO FARRERS, GARDENERS, Scc., COMPOUND MANURES. No. 1 SPECIAL: CONTAINING NITROGEN 2•69 EQUAL TO AMB/LONIA TRIBASIO PHOSPHATE LIME PRICE £3 15s. Pat TON Nor 2 COMPOUND: USUAL MARE— PRICE £2 10s. PER TON. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY To JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTEEER. ALLEN STREET, WARRINGTON, Telephone N 0.222. Telegrams. " Toole," Warrington.

EASTER HOLIDAYS. AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHERS SHOULD PAY A VISIT TO THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. LARGEST STOCK OF NEW AND SECOND-HAND CAMERAS AND SCIENTIFIC INSTRUMENTS ETC. IN MANCHESTER. SECOND-HAND LIST NOW READY posr FREE. THE AMATEUtt PHOTOGRIPtiIC DEPOT, 71, OXFORD ROAD (NEAR ALL SAINTS) MANDHES'BR.

WEEKLY PAY .M EN IS TAKEN. GOLD AND ILVICR WATCHES. DIAMOND AND OTHER RINGS, CHAINS, BROOCH/CS, PINS, STUDS. LINKS, and all other Articles of Jewellery practically XIVEN A WAY At the Prices Marked in the Window. Call and see for yourselves before going elsewhere. --- SPECIAL OFFER.-22ct. Gold Wedding Rings sold by weight. All shapes and sizes at 6/9 PER PDRWIa T WHY E N IYO I°ll. " A Large Stock of Clocks, Bronzes, Forks, and Spoons, Cutlery. Ac. by best makers, at giving-away prices. Al. RUBENS, JEWELLER, &c. 4, MANCHESTER MEM', LIVERPOOL. -- NOTIL-MONEY Advanced on all kinds of Valuables Lowest Rates of Interest.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. iIIANDOLINES, GUITARS; BANJOS. STRINGS,,..of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN 'BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND RRPAIRRR. (Pupil or G. A. Chanot) 57, RENSHAW-STRICIiT (,o-ner of Benson-street). LIVRRPOOL.

A. AND J. INFLAINE, PAN, NBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND .iILVERSMLTH, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPECL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street. and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND STLVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actor Partlatnen Strictest secrecy and stratzlitforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Clocks. Pictures, &rt., Ace— always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BARGAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLICKY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, Ac.. Act We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES TIY 1-081. RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly f cone. Lowest Priem] in Liverpool for Gold ain. reriiy Setectery 3rocx Of BROOCHES, BRACELETS. Ac. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. AT'LAINE'S RICHMOND FREET, LIVERPOOL.

2../. 6D. COLLECTION OF SENDS. §THE VERY BEST QUALITY. T Will Send, Post Free, One Ounce each of Hollow Crown Parsnip, White Spanish Onion, Selected Carrot, Packet each of Radish, Turnip, Cabbaze, Lettuce, Giant Sprouts, Savoy,Kale, Brozcoli, Autumn Giant Caul'flower, Beet, Leek, Marrow. Celery, Cucumber, Tomato, Six Packets Flower Seeds. Good, Reliable Seeds. Illustrated Catalogue Free. G. F. F A LDER, SEEDSMAN. STROUD. GLOS.

PERFECT-HANGIN6r* CYCLO SKIRT. THE " ELLESMERE " CYCLING SKIRT IS the simplest, safeot. and most comfortable Skirt yet inven.ed. Hundreds of testimonials. MADE TO ORDER from Lsdies' own measurements, in Serge, Tweed or Cloth from 255, Costume complete, from £2 12s. 6d. Patterns, and selt-mensurernent form free. EADY, Ladies' Tailor, 171, WESTCOMBE HILL, BLAOK HEATH, LONDON.

RiCtIE HERBAL EMBROCATION. H OOPINQ COUGH The celebrated effectual ITOOPINU COUGH cure without interna fj 00PI .N G COUGH medicine. HOOPING COUGH Of ail Chemists price 4s. per tottle. S Te Wholesale BRONCH;TIS Agents : W. EDWARDS Si: SON. 157, Queen Vtctoria CROUP S:reet, Louden. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

Highest Quality—True Economy. A Rare Combination found in perfection in tk: 9 Vffl 4 „in 4,-; BEST ri GOES FARTHEST. Sold in Es' e-lb. Tins and in 6d. Square Tins.

never forget that night when you flung yourself out of the carriage to meet those ruffians." Geoff brushed, but not a smile was on his counten- ance. Looking into her face he said,— "Maude, I want you to be my confessor, I have something on my mind." "Yes! dear, of course; what is it? I shall be delighted to listen to you, and impoge upon you heavy penance," she said laughingly. "I am the biggest coward on earth," said Geoff. "And now, even now, if I could only claim you on the ground of being a brave man, I should not be able to do so." Maude smiled and still went on stroking his hair. She thought he;was thus modestly/ underestimating his own brave deed. "But it is true" he Went on" Even the verynight you considered me a braveanan,l was only acting the part of a hrocrite. The men who attacked your carriage, only did so that they might do me a favour." "Did you never suspect that when the coachman re- turned and found no trace of the men,it was all a make- believe ? If it had been a real attack they would have left me stunned in the road,—perhaps dead. Instead of that, we were washing the mud from our clothes at the club, and chuckling over the whole affair." Now it was Maude's turn to look serious—which she did. But her anger soon passed off when she perceived the spirit of the thing, and when she remembered that she was enjoying her honeymoon with the man she loved best on earth. "My dear girl," said Geoff," believe me, the thought of losing you drove me to do it, and knowing I had no courage of my own, I had to assume it." "But, Geoff, who were the others who helped you?" "Ah ! my dear, I dare not tell you that. I was pledged to secrecy or they would not have helped me. I should never have been able to carry it out, however, if Stephen Yates had not managed the whole affair. He has often said since that I pinched his throat• rather more than was necessary. "There !" she said. 'Yon have let it out. But was there no one else concerned in the scheming ?" "Maude, must absolution be granted me only on the condition that lf tell you all ?" "Yes !" said Maud, catching hastily at the suggestion and with a merry twinkle in her eye. "I shall only grant you absolution when you have made a clean breast of your wrong-doing." Well, then," said Geoff," if you must know, Lady I Allday's last ball was arranged specially to give the opportunity for the attack. Will that do ?" Yes," said IVlaud assuming the tone of an aggrieved woman, " that will do until I see Lady .Ailday,' tossing her head as if to threaten future war. "But what a mighty crash up for my ideal ! " "Never mind," said Geoff. " Perhapssome day, after all, I shall be able to show you that lam us brave as you need me to be." 0," There is one thing, though," said Maude. "My mother must not know of it, or she will never forgive you." "Very well," said Geoff, relieved, and many a time afterwards, when Lady Stuart would repeat to her guests the story of her son-in-law's heroism, Maud and Geoff would steal from the room to hide their merriment. I DEATH OF MR. ROBERT ANDERTON.

77 A. 9 n t e) 1: I*, t: „ %+‘, . • „t ,617 If you have not tried it Buy a new 6cl You will get 25 cups out of it and enjoy every cup. BEST & GOES FARTHEST.

Well-Stbrch ed Lirien keeps starched longer —doesn't get affected so qui'ckly by the damp—keeps brighter, whiter; glossier and crisper. It needs good starch to starch well. Hard work ironing won't make up for poor starch, but C • L Plf A STA. ,r*, is as good as COLMAN'S

"‘,4310. t e 11,

. ---------,=-_,_, „,---------_____, , •• /I 1 4i4 ::::-: IR, , 1 .-• ~ ,_ ..! _ ------- ---...„.,...,,.. , _ . ... . , 7 iihfet ',", q 1 0 -J.-- 1.0 It ..1 • 7,7 .o,..”,;nr:*_---___---- _ ' ,;.--...V., ~,....-----_-,..„...--7" .c. • ', .- .......^._,..- ~...- ~. v ........;„--,,,,,,••• ,

_ —• ,•,-; ,;,,,,, t"Rs ro tior,4 „...) 5y4,& .•, ... • .0 :,,, *, Y , . kim h . Ets: ii.m.THE KIN c• BRILLIANT. BLACK, BEAUTIFUL.

Every Genuine 1904 pREMIER. BICYCLE • Bears this Trade Mark. One Grade Only—the Beet. £l2 12s. Net, or R 1 Is. Monthly. Booklet Poet Free on application to' '_l . Premier Cycle Co. (Limited), Coventry. AGENTS EVERYWHERE. TRADE MARK.

WASHING AT gIitADEORD,S "VOWEL XLS" Washing. Wringing, and mangling machines SAVE TIME, SAVE LABOUR, and SAVE THE CLOTHES. Write for Catalogue, Aort free es aftilieatiox. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140, 141, and 242, HIGH HOLBORN, LONDON; VICTORIA AVENUE, DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER; 5340, BOLDAITSUIXT, LIVERPOOL; CRESCENT IRON WORKS, SALFORD.

KEARSLETSioo YEARS' REPUTATION WIDOW WELCH :S •FEMALE- PILLS. , Awarded Certificate of Merit or the cure of all irregulari- anmmia. and all female complaints. They have the aPproval of the Medical Profession. Beware of Imitations. rj be only genuine and original are in White Paper Wrappers Poxes is lid and 2s 9d of all chemists, or by post, is. 2d. aLd 2e. 10d. Makers, C and G KELEBLEY, 17, North street, estrnineter. [Note White wrapr ' in the Colonies

FOOTBALL. BRANILEY v. BARROW. i No fewer than 2,000 spectators assembled at Bramley „ra •on Wednesday. Bowker started uphill, and Wharton I" -I'l and he conducted a spirited attack, but the home for- (1111OKIMIRS BUSSEY'S Demon Driver Bats are th wardscame away cleverly. A penalty kick to Bramley k..) grandest made. &reseed New Match Balls retain the+ r was taken by J. Parker, who, however, failed at goal. ahspe, and last longer than any others. BuesEr's Leg Guard' Bramley sustained a vigorous attack. Mellor relieved are excvtionsllv good. Busscr's Batting Glove are fa,. bya penalty, and another penalty by Bowker was spoilt kuperior to the usual class. Buda cy'a Bags are made t.) w another penalty, this time to wear. BsicY'a Diary and Clompaalo is is a Gem for 64.- by offside. There as Apply for Busszes Catalogue fr,.o Load Sports Outdttere ; Bramley, from which J. Parker landed a goal ten 3b and 3s Que.ii Vievorit ,Lreet, L ijd,i. Factories Yoak- minutes from the start. Wilson scored a clever try,and Pain, 1.01 ; 4,14 Molasva!l, saff ilk. Bowker added a goal. Final :—Bramley, seven points; Barrow,seven.—Tnis match was played ao-ain;on Thurday ,at Halifax, when Barrow won handsomery by 14 points to three points. WAKEFIELD TRINITY v. RUNCORN. These teams having played a pointless draw at Run- corn on S atarday, met again on Wednesday at Wakefield Considering the position occupied by Trinity in the Second League table—being the leaders—much importance was attached to the match, owing to the winners of the tie having to meet Broughton Rangers in the next round. The home team had the best of the game in the early stages, but Runcorn improved• towards the interval, when the score was a goal and a try (five paints) each. After ends were changed Run- corn soon asserted themselves, and scored a goal, eventually winning, by two goals and a try (seven points) to one goal and a try (five points). BRIGHOUSE V. PONTEFRACT. Tais match was played at Brighouse on Wednesday. The visitors won the toss. Nicholl started for the home team, and play ruled at the centre, several tight smarming's ensaing, one of the visitors' forwards having to be cautioned. Ward kicked a goal. At half- time Pontefract led by two points to nothing. Daring the remainder of the game play was even, nothing more being scored, and Pontefract won by one goal (two paints) to nothing.

HiTE LEGHORN EGGS for sitting, splendid layers, 31. 6th doz.—CHOOLMISTER, S arbUrtoll. Warrington LIGGS.—Pure-bred BLAOK AINOROAS, 4s, a sitting; in- spectioninvited,—RUDMAN, Moss Side, near Lytham.

IPOWL CORN, Is 6d. lOs 6d, 12 61, 2401bs ; Pig Food, is 6d _lf per 2001bs.—IlocHE AND Co., 15, Gorse piazzas, Liver- pool. mention paper. UGGS from Anconas Archer's and Chance's Strains pro- lific layers; settings, 3s. 6d. ; cArriage paid.—F. KIDDLE, Whinskaw, Ingleton, Yorkshire.

GOOD BLUR ANDALUSIIN COCKBRIMS,Ss to 10s:6d ; cheap to elev.. 'I wo pullets, 6s eacla.—REV. R. BKIDGEMAN, Blymhill Rectory, Shitnal.

QITTINGS high class BROWN LEGHORN, 3s. Black Lang- shans, 3s. Ed., Silver Wyandottes, 4s ; gnaranteed.— THOMAS it . MINSEHG3, Tnttington, Lancashire. •

IVGGS. BAD ROOKS .Batterfield's strain 36 6d a sitting, tbree sittingt Es, Andalusiane same price.— HENRY COBHAM, Gorsey Lane. Mawdealry, Ormakirk.

NIY StLVBR WYANDuTTIii hive laid regularly since I._ October; eggs from Palace and Dairy winning strain, 4s. and 7s. per dozen.—WitLfAx itstiaorr.Borro wash,Derby

POULTHY MICAL.—We are now making special Meals for coming winter at Eia: and 10a. per 2)olbs , sacks Melo- ded.—lt ocn E AND Co., 15, Goree-piazzaii, Liverpool. (tttfqit ion vaner,)

UGGS FOR SITTING; Orpingtons. 'shocks, Wyandottes. _EA MinorcAs, Leghorns, eze 3s 6d per doz ; guaranteed fertile, Chickens. Ducklings 8s per dozen.-1.1. WHlrrs.mat, 270, hochdale road, Oldham.

LIGIGS FOR HATCHING.—Barred Rocks. Buff Orping IA tons, Silver-laced Wyandottes, and Aylesbury Ducks aft selected exhibition stock of highest possible laying quali— ties ; 3e, 6d. per 13 Eggs ; guaranteed fertile.—GßA.Y. Meadow House, Bromborcugh, Birkenhead. WILCOX'S POULTRY SPIOd procluces more eggs.keeps fowls healthy, prevents gapes and cramp in chickens; tins 6d and is post free 8.1 and is 31. fry Wilcox's special Game and Poultry Meals 18s and 159 per cwt. Wholesale Agents wanted.—A. ec F. Witcox, Sandyford, Stone,Staffordshire.

fAVOSIL. (registered) the mtrvellous unfailing egg-pre- ser ier is worth £1 to enterprising Poultry keepers. To Housewives, Schools, Hotels, Institutions, s,!. It means cheap eggs, beautifully fresh all the year round! Tins (for 163 eggs) lud. (400 eggs) is 4d. Full directions and Booklet free. N. 0. ARIEL COMPANY, Stockport.

ij‘GGS FOR SITIING. BLACK ORPINGTONS, 4s. per _EA sitting ; Cook's Strain. ;These birds weigh from 9to 101hs. ; Black Mi-iorcas. Black Langshane ; Gold and Silver Wyandottes, White Leghorne, Blue AndAlusians, and Plyin aith Rocks, 3s. per sittings ; Simon Hunter, Cooks and Hebditch Strains ; all bred from prize winners, nnfertiles replaced ; icspe-ction invited.—lessc CoLLIER, Long Lane, Hindley Green.nekr Wigan.

EGGS FOR SITTING.—Last season, though bad season, my eggs gave general satisfaction; in:pe-tion invited for the following pure fed Fowls ; Langshans. Houdens. Black Orpington'. Buff Wyandotte', Black Leghorn', Buff Leghorn, Brown Legborns, White Leghorns Blue Andal- usians, Buff Orpington's, Indian Game. Lancashire Buffs, Golden Wyandottes, Silver Wyandotte', Blauk Minoroas, Barred Plymouth Rocks. Three pens first crosses to produce good layers and Wile fowls, viz: Houden Cock. Buff Orpington Hens ; Indian Game Cock, Lancashire Buff Hens! Langshan Cook, Black and Orpington Hens. Eggs all one price, 21 6d per sitting of 13 eggs if called for 3s if packed for rail. Duck eggs, 2s per dozen, if called for, 2s 6d for rail. Pens open for inspection every day (Sunday excepted).— HENRI' LikAPER.2O6, Newton Rd, Lowton St. Mary's near Newton-le-Willows.

UR anteti.

TIDLOITGHDIA.if WANTBD ; marries; must be used to all kinds of farm work.—Apply, 13.i.mFunt.om1 FARM, near Wigan.

SU N LIGHT, Lifebuoy Soap Wrappers wanted; doz. given. Cash by return.—Wm. CLAY, Moulton, near Spalding.

A LADY wishes entire charge of little girl three years old LIL. at once. Premium required. Address N, 13 , Ivy Cot- tage,lStrines, near Stockport.

A GENCY (highly ronurnerative) offered to either sex ; .t% any district. assistance given ; particulars gratis,— PRIME, Jeweller, Skipton, Yorkshire. WANTED steady TE a.NISAN, one accustomed to Liverpool Markets.—Auply Tao MIS ASHCROFT, Brad- shaw Nook, Knowsley, near Prescot. AFEW SPARE TIME MEN Wanted.urevlous experience not necessary. —Apply DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT, 3, Horsemarket Chambers, Warrin gton.

CANVASSBRI, HIGH CLA.S9.-26 net eRn be made weekly selling our Am.rican production.—Write KEY- STONE Co., 89, Chancery lane, London.

QUIMIGHT and Lifebuoy Soap Wrappers bought (tops 13 only) ; also Vinoll% Wrappers (whole), lid. doz.—Sm c/o Bennett, 412 Commercial rd., Portsmouth.

IvANTHD, immediately, Sunlight or Lifebuoy Soap Wrappers, is per 100 given. Special price large quan• titles, cash return.—MMETT, Grocer. Lynn, Norfolk.

VVANTRD NON-SOCIRTY MASONS to work Red Sand stone at Southport ; wages 91 per hour; nine months work to suitable man--only Woons,lßing St, Southport.

WAKR UP UNIMPLOYED To gain a position you require assistance. Ptrticulars,stamned enyelope(men- tion trade)—EMPLOYMRNT Assoct.uriow. Queen St. Keighiey.

WANTED, a thoroughly experienced PO HE WAN for large sulphuric acid plant. State age, former experi- ence, and wages expected,—Addrass D.A , " Examiner" Office, Warrington.

ALL who are ENf-i-AGED in the Engineering, Building end allied Trade... requiring positions. write (stamped envelope for repIy).—INDUSTRIAL EMPLOYMSNT BUREAU, 121, Oldham-itreet. Manchester.

RP—PERSONS of Either, Sex REQUIR RD for a simple 11 Process of tinting prints, postcards. at home, easily acquired, good prices, —Particular'', address. ART Co., 6 Great James Street, London. Iv.C.

A DOPTION.— Married Couple (Chi!diesel) desire to adopt 11. Lady's Child entirely, good home and highest refer- ences given.—Write stating premium offered, it, M„ 35 Elizabeth road. Upton Park, Essex.

FETES, Flower Shows, Indoor Entertainments, Ac.— Marvellous Attractions, molerate terma. Printed list. Estimates and ever information frPe.—Write to MOIST- GOMERY, 51, Cornwallis rd., Upper Holloway, London.

Q NIT ARY INSPECTORS.—LADY HEALTH VISITORS! £lOO to £350 ; several hundred vacancies; 330 successes. postal course commencing for Liverpncl and Manchester Exams. Fee 25s.—MUsHEN8, Science Teacner, Sunderland.

UARM-WORKHRS WAN.VHD. Lucrative tuitable employ- ment. Canadian Government guarantee, Fare £7, Advice free. Avoid unauthorised agencies.—Apply immedil ately " AUTHORISED AGENT," Shipping and Tourist Office Watergate street. Chester.

MAN AND iW (no Encumbrance) seek Situation in any place of Trust. man can do Narm Work, or see to kitchen tiarden, useful in the House; Wife good plain Cook, and Housekeeper, good references.—Apply SMITH, Harley Mouse, Castle Street, Hereford.

WII ARRINGTON LIBIRAL ASSOCIATION.—WANTIM, an ASSISTANT AGRNT, must be a shorthand writer, knowledge of type-writing preferred. Salary, 255. per week. Applications to be •rent to DAVID Timms. Liberal Club, Warrington, on or before the 25th inst. WANTRD, YOUNG MAN to help generally in Boys' Reformatory School ; school work (lower standard) ; able to play harmonium ; some office work ; Church of Hng- land.—For fuller particulars write stating age, height, and experience to ALFRED KING, Bleasdale, Garstang.

THI BHST AGENCY.—Chin 9. Tei. Services, Dinner _L Serviceb,Toilet mervices,Vases supplied on cash or credit terms to agents and customers ; snare time agents wanted In every town and village ; no capitil required; Rood com- mission paid reliable men.—KING STREET AWL' POTTERY, Longton, Staffs.

INCO MR TAX. -REOLAMATIO3 Assocueriox, 14-18, Queen Victoria at., London, 14.0.-85 p.ncent. of the recipients of dividend interest, rent, &c., are entitled to reclaim Income Tax which may amount to a very large sum even upon a small income. The usual return amounts to £35. No charge for advice. Writer of prospectus.

TV book YOUNG and OLD, to write for our book "CAN I BBCOMB AN RLECTRICV, ENGIN'RE ? " Sent post free. It tells how thousands gain better positions and salaries stoselying electecal or mechanical engineering at home by post; endorsed by Thomas A. Edison and British Bleetriciants.—Address, THE ELECTRICkL ENGINEER INSTI- TUTE OF CORRESPONDENCE INsTRuC rION, 13, Temple Chambers, Temple Avenue, London, B.C.

FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOCKS, &c., BOUGHT Full CASE TO ANY AMOUNT. OR ADVANuIiS MAUR. HIGHBST PRIOSS GIVBN. NO CHARGB FOR INSPHOTION. HAICTLEY AND CO., 12, MOSS-STREBT, LIVBRPOOL.

Aliatlianous, on goales, Err.

DICTURE POST CARDS.-Bd. doz., 36 le. 9d. post free JL best sort.—Jecicsort, Printer, Burton-on-Trent. T ARGE FRINGE HAIR NETS, sll shades. four fcr 6id ; JL_J eight for Is.—ARMITAGS 44, Tong road. Lee 113.

RUBBfili Dating Stamp; Box and Pad, post free, 2e. 2d. Prizes offered.—Bau.Ey, 25 Gallows hill Hadleigh. Suffolk.

yt MING. C ARDS, printed name and Rddrees ; 50 Gent's Is. ; Ladies lb. 3d.—GRIFFITHB, Cheap btationer. 9 liumeey rd., Brixton.

(IN SAUL—Remington TYPEWRITE:IL little used ; VI £l5 155., or cart exchange cycle. —V. KIRK, Town Lane, Denton, Marichelter.

L'ITANDARD International Library of Famous Literature; 1.) quite new; bound half levant ; price 210.— PATRICK, 3 Old Dover rd., Blackheath, Kent.

WITHOUT STONIAOHIO DOSING. —Chronic Rcze,na and Ringworm cured : remedies 13d.—F. HARRIS, Sec.. 119, Hanov.r street, Sheffield.

pIOTORIAL POSTOARDS.—SpeciaI Value. Six assorted Hand-coloured Postcards, post free 7d. only.—J. MAMELOCK, 33, Oxford street, Manchester. FBEHOLD Bungalow, on two acres, Poultry, Fruit, &c.; owner leaving ; sell right out cheap. Particulars free. Photo ls.—C.emEsom, Methwold, Norfolk.

‘ATARNING.—Don't enter Pearson's I£soo contest with out a Simplex' Word Solver. Genuine. Breaks no rules. 70.—W., 10, MIII Crescent, Tonbridge.

FARMERS AND LANDOWNIIRS.—ORBOSOTRD 1 FENCING, best quality, cheap ; write for prices.—W. S. EAMON AND 00., 134, Deansgate, Manchester. DIAMOND RlNG.—Single stone, cost £6. take RI , Horse-shoe Pin, 3 diamonds. 4 sapphires, £3 lee.; worth £S.—FEATHER, 23 Sudeley street, Brighton.

ULLA.LINE TERRISS, Edna May, Mabel Love, use Mark- ti selwyns extraordinary Eetanaphthol Soaps. Three shilling tablets, 2e. 6d. RUSSELL COMPANY Tottenham.

giiiIILTY PI/COBS, perfectly new,plated Spoons and Forks .1 ss. 6d. ; Chronograph Stop-Watch, ss. 6d; together 10s. —Mrs. SAUNDERS. Branksome Buildings, Bournemouth.

1)1IVOLVING ItUßßliii HlitiLS, Ladies 30. Gents 50. IL Postage Id, Cheapest Heel in the Word,—LAunix & BicColuisit, LTD„ Rubber Heel Specialist, Cambridge.

PROFITABLR RAOING.—Good Profits made Weekly by following a thoroughly Straightforward System, 2s, post free.—THomts, 193. Kings Cross road. London.

I ARGE assortment of New and Second-hand Leather Suit I Cases, Cabin Trunks, Pottrnanteaus, and Bags to be sold oneap.—WENTER, 107 Charing Cross Road. London.

-LUSH ALIVR, best quality only. Fryers supplied from .12 Is. 9d. stone. Try our basses of Selected Flab, ready for cooking,carriage paid,—LUeDBERGA Mob Doeke,Grimsby

ITALUB IN HANPICHHOHII:CFS.—Ladies' and Gents' V Irish Lawn Handkerchiefs. splendid value, 3s. 6d. per dozen ; post free. —P REID 8c Co., I66,Cheapaide, London.

WEEKLY PROFlT.—Another Grand Week. Clients 0 satisfied. Week's horse wires and system. 10s.— WELLsTooh, 28 Victoria. Mansions. Willesden Green, London

A / SONG.—Piceollomini's Latest Sticcese, "At the Father's `-tr" Throne." post free, 4d. ; 20s. worth of latest Comic tiongs,ls.,catalogues free.—RossLEß,Badington,Birmingbam.

ADY offers Gold Watch, 4.55.; Bangle, 21e.; Rings, Ts 6d ILA andllos, 6d. Charm, 10s. 6d. All are real gold worth thuble.No cards. —JAcKsorr,Wymington,Rushden,Northants.

O 6e. 6d. Hand-finished Enlargements, 15Ins. x 12ins. V on large Mounts, are making a name. Good work, guaranteed—GAßNETT& C 0,5 Li tleTrinity lane,London,H.C.

INOOLN HANDICA.P.—Genuine reliable information. LI Horse doln7 splendid preparation. Beware of half trained cats' meat I Post 2s. 6d., WILLIA3rs, 88, Maynard road, Walthamstow.

A LTECROCCA'S New Attractive Pictorial Postcard Series Female beauty, Children, Ac. Wholesale price list and 25 samples, only to retailers, for is.—Sole Agent, ROVELLI, 40 Winifred rd., Urposton.

UDR IMNIRDIATB SALB, beautiful Walnut Cottage I PIANO, by Brinsmead, iron frame, check action, full trichord, rich tone ; exceptionally cheap; bargain ; must be sold,-•-19, CAROLINE ET., Wigan. - A LLIGATORS, 7s. 6d to £3; miniature Kangaroos, harm- tl _ less pets, Is. 6d. ; squirrels, 3s, 6d. ; lemur, £3 monkey, 18s.; wolves bears. tigers, lions. Price lists.— BARRIE', Naturalist, fiewcastl.-on-Tyne.;

NO MORE BROKEN MAN' Ll.—Few Incandescent MetaI,MANTLES (Plantiumi ; unbreakable; 70 candle power ; white light ; 6d. post free.—OROBBLEY'S, 174 a, Fountain-road. Walton road, Liverpool.

WATHRPROOF COVBRS, same material and pliable as railway sheets,l2ft. by 9ft. 12s. ; 15ft. by 9ft , lbs, ; and any size at Is., per eq, yard. with lashes ; Cash re- turned if not approved.—HENßY J. GASSoN, Rye. -r OOK I-4.000 Pairs New Military Bluchers ; sewn very 14 best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size, post free for be. 6d. per pair ; money returned it not approved of. —H. J. Gessort, Government Contractor, Rye.

NRTTING. RTTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Bets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.THostes JoHNsoN's, Net Warehouse Corporetion-street, Manchester.

TIDATCH WORK.— Unique offer, lovely silks, no rubbish, selection beautiful silk squares, is. 6d. ; parcel ot crazy silks, is. 3d. ; best crewels, 6d dozen skeins.—Xrs. BUILEB, 18 Hartland road, West Kilburn, London.

f INCOLN HANDICAP and Grand National (genuine 11 information), best known for years, sent by letter, strictly private; singly. 2s; double, 3s 6d. —CHARLIE BROWN (5 years' successful turf adviser), Downbam, Norfolk.

QOUTH AFILICAN Gentleman has some real Ostrich VI Feathers, rich lustrous black, very full, beautifully curled, exceptionally fine spPolmene, sacriace 7s. 6d. each. ApDrOV9.I.-FRANK TLYLOR, 29 ll:apharn rd., London.

ARDENI'S Penny Popular Herbal and Family Medical -11 Guide is a practical dictionary of all ailments and their proper home trestment ; for family use ; post free, 2d.— MEDICAL STDRES, 347 Southwark Park road, London, S.E.

V PIO.CORIAL POSTCARDS.—New series; just out most interesting places In England, Ireland, Scot- land, and Wales, for is postal order ; sample six for three stamps.—PtcroaraL POSTCARD Co., Love street, Sheffield,

66 WHERB THE OCEAN MEETS THE SKY." —Lovely new ballad, authorised Words and music, and "The London way," Arthur Roberts' great School-girl song. Post free, 6d.each.—BDGLll BATEMAN 61, Tabley road, Holloway.

'MOIR 1-111ADINGS,—Pound picket of goot Note Paper 1.11 ulth your address printed on each sheet. Any colour ink. Post free, is 6d. finvelopes to match, 6d. per hun- dred.—G. GRIFFITHs, Printer, Llandrindod Wells, Wales.

1,5 BVERSIONS.—AII classes of Reversions bought quirk; c completions ; loins arranged at low rates. Mortgasto securities wanted at 31 to 4 per cent. Business Transfer Agency.—T. SMITH WORHELEY, S. Cooper St. Manchester.

RANDSOME Case of Silver-mounted Carvers and Steel, 6s. 6d.; 8 silver-plated teaspoons, and 4 ditto table- spoons, new condition. ss. 6d., or will accept 10s. 6d. for the lot.—Mrs. BUTLER, 18, Hartland road, West Kil- b run, London.

A DVERTISING—RXTRIURDINARY OFFER Adver- .ll Moments inserted in 6n. first class Dail y and Weekly provincial newspapers from 4s 6d,40 papers from 3s 23 'Japers from is, 6d. Guaranteed circulations. Prospectus free. Address, " NRWSPAPER CORPORATION" 47, Fleet St., London, E. C.

BBST and Cheapest MANCHA for Farm and Garden, and effectual remedy for ily, slug, etc„ Native Guano, prise 70s. per ton, in bags ; 2 ton lots, carriage paid : lowt. bag paid to any station in ngland for 55.—Write for twenty- eighth year's testimonial, NATIVE GUANO CO., LTD., 29, New Bridge street, London, KC

FOUND DEAD. cZANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers kJ well. After one dressint I found 135 dead next morn- ing."—J. BUM, Helsthorpe, Leighton. "I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Polson."—O. COOTC, Farmer, Ellesmere. destroyed 145 rats with it."—O. WILSON, Offord.—lend Is 2d to SANFORD & SONS, Sandy St.Beils. old by Chemists

liftisrelianou6, nOates, rte.

SAOKS and BAGS for all purposes ; speciality Potato Bags. G. T. MURRAY, sack dealer, 113, Green lane, btoney- croft, Liverpool.

19 PIECE 6 SILVEtt srincL TABLIIWARE ; forks, tea and dessert spoons, Is. 3d.—Sztow, Merchant, Wen- field, Leicester.

rro HAWKERS we will send Brussels Hearthrugs, cart law., free, eneapest in the World,—Write, WARD, bB, Itosebank, Dundee. --- RD. P. O. PROPHSTIC reading from photo, stamped V envelope, PSYCHOMETRIST, 95, Westmorland road, Newcastle-on- Fyne.

441%/r, ATRIMONIAL.POST." sealed 5d., with circular 9d. ; 111 distance immaterial.—BDlTOß, 10. Trafalgar Build- ings, London, W.C.

MAKE your own Sparkling Stout at home, cheap ; delici- ous ; recipe and instructions, 18.— ROBERTS, 106, Forest rd, Leicester.

P. 0., PtiOPHIITIO KNADIN t from Photo; stamped V envelope,—PsicsomETßlsT. 95. Westmorland road, Newcastle-on-ryne.

TWO FASHIONABLIi London Made snits, new, fit 36 1 Breast ?9a 6d each. Post paid. RosE, laburnum Street, Wolverhampton.

DEVOLVING RUBBER HEELS, Ladies' 31d., Get ts' W.; _Lk. postage id.; cheapest heel in the worin.—LeuniE AND MCCoNNAL LTD., Cambridge.

AbTEOLOGY, Advice on Marriage, Health, Chances,&c.— bend P.O. 15. to PROFESSOR Altus, 31, Cardigan Crescent, Kirkatall road, Leeds.

FOR liA.STEß—Pheasant eye. narcissus, or yellow daffodil of sorts. One gross 2s 6.1, two zle 6cl, four 83 6d free for cash. FISHER & CO Er, Jersey.

" Weazie John " competition, excellentsolution. I_ complete by a specialist ls and stamped address. BDGE, Ellesmere, Shropshire. FOR I.MMEDIATIC DISPOSAL, Magnificent American Organ ; very sweet and powerful, 18 stops, £ab,-47, BRAY STRRET, Ashton, Preston.

DONT ENTHRARSONS £5O) contest without a " Simplex" solver; genuine; breaks no rules ; WELcumax. Mill Crescent. Tonbridge.

I HT OR SOLD.—Ten roomed Houses, large garden; Corn- JAI pany's water; near Church, mile from sea, village near town; rent £l6.—T. THORNE. Bridport.

SIGN AND LIiTTHRS o, every dPscription made to order by N. R. LATHAM, Glass Decorator and sign- maker, 89, hensbaw street. Liverpool.

SMOK & GRADY'S DBFBNDRR TOBACCO" It does not burn the tongue." Sold everywhere in pickets with coupon Wholesale.—GßADY, King at., Wigan. QUIT LUNGTH9, marvellous value, Bs. 6d,, 12s. 6d., 1.3 Sm.; also Trouserings, patterns free.—J. HARPER, Woollen Merchant, Gledholt, Huddersfield. rro AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHERS.—Negatives re- l. touched and varnished, fine work. Write for prices.— RICHARD HARRIfioN, 42, WhallPy road, Avrington.

[viUSlC.—Battle M4rah of Delhi, Bandolero. Spanish Waltz. Hiawatha, 4d. per copy.—LINaTEAD 105 ThorPedale road, Finsbnry Park, London, N, DUBBER iiiiVOLVING CUSHION BERBLS, good quality It Resorted sizes, 6e. 6d doz. pairs, post paid ; sample pair 9d.—Runto R Goons Co, Nelson street, Blackburn.

(ZEROS FOR TRH G-,IILOI Y. Is you are wanting seed 1.1 of best quality at lowest possible price send for Cata- logue pnst free.—litarre, Seedsman. St, Helens.

DOYLEY CENTRES, 6 for is., post free; 2 of each size (3, 4, and 5 inch), round, octagan, or scalloped, fks pre- ferred.—BuowN AND Co., 12, Parker street, Liverpool.

PHIP POTATO and Cook Shop FITTINGS, every variety kJ Champion Ranges. Potata Peelers. Shop on Wheels 116 page List free.—MABBOT 8. Poland street, Manchester.

pATOHWOßK.—flandsome Tapestry Pieces, suitable for chair backs, pin cushions, tidies or patchwork, le. 3cl• post free.—A. WITTE), 64, Market Place. Chi ppenham, Wilts.

PHONuGRAPHS. The famous record Hiawatha specially made. Thou.ands selling. Order at once, Is. each.— apply J. BROCKLEBANK, 47 Lot:lad-Ile rd,Millom,Cumberland

BANKHUPT STOCK.-320 genuine 18ct gold filled long neck chains (20 yeare 2uaranteel with 4 pretty charms attached, usually 18s. 6d. aceept 55., post free.—RIDER, Stock Buyer, 18, Britt .nia rd, Fulham, London.

D. SECURIIS Complete PRINTIWCI- OUTFIT. or 2 letter monogram (self-inking) boxed; 7d. secures 7 year date. Energetic Pgents wanted, commission good.—RiccAnn BROS. 195 Old Christchurch .oad. Bournemouth,

CONFECTION WRY and Biscuits, Cheapest Sweets. &a.— Stamped addressed envelope only, for price list, to G. J. BLYDE, Cheapest Wholesale Confectioner, 267, New Cross road, London, S.B. Bstablished over 25 years,

ROSHS, Fruit Trees. Oval-leaf Privets. Thorn Quick., Shrubs, Forest Trees. Se tide Shrubs, Climbing Plants, &c. ; many thousand. grown ; descriptive catalogue free.— JAMES SAUL, Zouth Meadow lane. Preston, and Midge Hall, mar Preston.

ENTLICMAN'S Grey Tweed LOUNG/I SUIT for disoo ial Ur 37 inch chest, misfit, 81. 6d• ; another, Navy Sege, had little wear. 68. ; 3 boy's Knicker Suits, out-grown ; cheap, approval.---ausTin, 111. Crawford Bt., Bryanston square, London, W.

GUN, DOUBLE BKEICOHLOsDER, 12 bore, central fire, steel barrels, top lever and rebounding hammers. splendid killing gun, scarcely soiled ; to sell quickly accept 455. ; approval parcels post.—GUN, 17, Buxton-road. Mortlake, Surrey.

13'. 3D.s—hoStutitpsertioodmoenasiyur :palennaddidvertoisr Y °lime he ire te °off! Bort cloths for so r• fit guaranteed ; grand range patterns and self-measurement forms post tree; money returned if not satisfactory.—lDEAL CLOTHING Co., 14, Upper Fountains-street, Leeds.

3110r5e5. Tarriageo, ibe *Writ Szt

DlGS.—Grand lot of STORM FUR S ALB each week; all sizes. Delivered free.—TeArLon, Newton-le—Willows.

Q 111 HE STALLION, grand animal, pedigree. b years, 17 hands; a bargain, giving up keeping.-45, SPRING STREET, Huddersfield. EnsH or YARMOUTH OART. newly done up; cheap ; E inspection invited,—WlLLtem RoIHWELL, Wheel- wright, Hudcar, Bury.

FOR SAL!, smart second-band GIONTIMMINS OAR, varn.sbed body; rubber tyres; suit about 13 hands.— Apply 33. KING ST Wigan.

ON SAL% four-wh seled VAN, for one or pair ; in gocd condition ; suitable for laundry or confectioner.— Apply, 182, COLNE ROAD, Burnley.

VAY MARE on Sale, rising five, 15 hands; suitable for 1.) van or light lurry work.—Apply HENRY DRAPER, Stand Farm, Latham, Ormskirk.

DIOS ON MLR three in-pig, white Yorkshire Bows; 1_ second bellies, duo April 4th.-3AME3 OREGORY` Farmer, Abram, Near Wigan.

STYLIS ti DOG-CART, nearly new, by Anne Cowburn. Manchester; reasonable.—Apply HAGUE, " Birkdale," ellalien st„Mindleton, near Manchester,

TRISH WOLFHO,IND DOG and BITCH ; very fine pedigree. What Offer? Likely winners. Never exhibited.—Vican, Llanybiodwel. Oswestry.

RABBI rs, 201 b., Strain Flemish Giants, winners over 200 prizes. medais. State wants. Stamp reply. Mention paper.—STEVENS, Longcliffe road, Leicester.

O— HOIOS of THREiI CART HORSKS, on SALE; from three to eight years oll.—Aoply HENRY Foßsilem, Stanley Farm, High lane, Burseough, Ormskirk.

O N SALE, cheap, two FURNITURE VANS, nearly new; aho three very good Lurries, all by best makers ; a bargain.—Temoa Baos., Wardleworth Siding, Rochdale.

CARRIAGES.-100 new and second-hand, of every dls- cription, at lowest prices.—GRANT, carriacte builder, 259. Oxford road, near Owens College, Manchester, Established 1870 —

()N SALE, TURNOUT.—Pony. 13 hands; aged; suit a lady . drag with rubber tyres and harness ; price £?2, Also Brougham and small Stanhope.—Apply PICKFORD, Ansdell House, Ansdell Lytham.

fIN SALE, CART MARE ; go,,d mover; healthy and k_l no vice; seven years old, 16 hands ; bay • perfect model, bought from breeder over two years since; price 60 guineas. —ARROWSMITH, Astley Mill, near Leigh.

HORSHS' LOIN CLOTHS, best and strongest in the market, 461 n. long by 381 n. wide, waterproof, on navy canvas. and weigh 41b. I will send one post free for 36. Prom Hy. J. Osseo's, Government contraetor, Rye.

FIRST-CLA.S.i HARNESS, full size, fitted with patent. billet buckles, hue tugs, buckles, shalt tug buckles. brass or nickel silver, complete £6 10s., carriage paid. Send size of collar. —TRIFFIT & SON, Holbeaob, Lincolnshire

CARHIAGISS loOft BAL.—Landaulette, the property of a gentleman who has recently left the country ; aloe several four and two wheel Dogcarts. All cheap to clear for summer work.—PoWEL7., Phcenix Carriage Works, Market Drayton.

Optiroec, Moartitnl estabo

A NGLBSEY.—BRYNTIRION BOARDING HOU3B, Red .L 1 Wharf Bay. Terms 30s per week. Quiet, bracing ex- cellent country.—A. BERMINGHLM, Proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. ABER ITSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most comfortable Faintly Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 21 guineas per week, or 9s. per day. acrording to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from ss. Table a'Hote at .33 o'clock. For TARIFFS &C., apply to W. H. PALMER.PROPRIETOR.

i?attses anb Kant( an 'ale.

UDR SALE, 118, Bastbourne road, Birkdale, Small Bijou Detached reaidence,all conveniences.—Apply 56, CLARE- MONT-ROAD, Birkdale, Southrort.

EV EiRAL Bound payini house and shop properties for salt Li cheap in Manchester and anburbs.—Applv to Messrs. MORLEY CLARKE AND PENDLETON, Civil lingineers and Architeetr, Cleveland Buildinvs. 94, earket st., Manchester.

rpo BR SOL D.—Farnworth. near Widnes.—The extensive 1. Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Buicable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. iloaxiNG, 46 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

_ itpartment4 furnfObeli 'flotiasett RYE.. Wales. —For Spring and Summer Holidays; Breezy 4 e. and Bracing; Tariffs moder.te.-Inquire 'JOURNAL,' Ehyl. BLACKPOOL.—To et. at Valuation,COMPANY MOUS% 12 years' connection; death cause of leaving.—Apply on premises, 35, Chapel-street.

APARTMENTS.--Front Sitting-room and Bedroom ; Would suit one or two Lgentlemen.—Apply 17. LEGS ST.. Warrington.

-no LACKPOOL. You will find pleasant cornf irtable 1_) APARIMHNTS at Mae, THEAREICS, 43, Woodfield Rd., Promer.ade south shore. Set view. CIOLWYN B I.Y.—OPRN-AIR TRHATAIkiNT. Gentleman kJ with Sanatorium experience re3elves paying guests.— HOLMLEIGH, Woodland Park.

DLHASANT HOLIDAY in the delightful town of Southport Bright home near Promeuade,Board Reaialence. Guinea weekly. 49, Portland St.

APARTMENTS TO LET; Farmhouse, with board or without; Easter holidays, modertite.—JoriEs, Siam- berwen, nawmarket, Rhudcilan.

A EGLESEY.—APARTMENTS, or rurnished House: -CIL two minutes from shore.—Mrs. OWEN. Elm Bank (facing golf and lake), Rhosneigr. - CIOLWYM BAY.—APARTME MI'S, in ten-roomed house; V bath; piano ; good attend,ince ; moderate.—Mrs. ROBERTS, Llys Blodwen, Abergele Rd.

OMFORTABLE well Vurnished APARTMHNTS close to I Promenade and Wooig. Terms very moderate.—Mrs. MARFELL. Abergele road, Colwyn Bay. DRIGHTOI7 —Lady's House, furnished, excellent posltion £2. Shops mad-Villag, £26 to £9S.—YOUNG HOLBECK ANDS ADLER, Auctioneers, Brighton. (Mortgages wanted).

TORQUAY. PLBASAN APAR.I:SIHNrS for summer J. visitors. Close to all principal walks and drives. central and moderate.—Mas. MARSHALL, 2, Torwood Terrace, Babbacombe Rd.

Alorkg, ZUsfiltsfiCo* eft.

SWEETS, Minerals, Ice Oraam.Toblcco,Clgars, 'toys etc. A bargain.—T,ALLEN,6s,Conran St. Harpurhey Manchester QTOOKS and SHARES, Businesq in all descrintions.— Li A. H. HINE, Sharebroker, 28, St George's Mansions, London,

11DpUSINBSS.—01d eatablished Business to be sold ; Tobacco Confectionery, Stationary, &c; 60, GREEN ST Bank Quay, Warrington.

SPLIINDI D SHOP and lIININdis on sale; Horse Shoer and General S. free.—Apply WHITTLE, Smith, Hindley Green, near Wigan.

1111)LACKPOOL. —Good BASSIN'ET NI BUSINESS for Dis- .l) posal, ten years' c .nnection ; with good house attached. —Apply Owner. S. BERRY, Reads rota, Corner Centra Drive. Blackpool.

TOR WOO SIJSI/483i (old established) to Sell, in leading thoroughfare in Runcorn ; no reasonable offer re- fused for stock and fittings ; retired through ill-health.— Apply 88, Shaw street, Runcorn. UDR Disposal, Fancy DRAPRRY, HOSIERY, and UNDRRCLOTHINO. BUSINESS; corner shop, good house ; established ten years ; reasons for selling.-87. EARLE ROAD, Rdgebill, Liverpool.

2 li 1 PHR wSK paid for every 225 invested in Syndicate which has been wnrking successfully for last few years ; profits paid weekly ; highest testimonials.—Addrese SEcRETA.RY, 21, The Crescent, Filey.

AVERY Profitable Investment offered in a small Syndi- cate showing weekly profits of over £2 on every £lO Share,witbout personal trouble or risk Not Stock Exchange. —Particulars W.S. GRANT,BB and 900haneery lane, London.

UOR IMMNDIATIC DISPOSAL CormoTioNws BITSINNISS, large shop. bakehouse on level, four bed- rooms, house, yard, oven, bakery utensils, biscuit glasses, stands, weights scales ; no reasonable offer refwed, wants seeing, rent £2B.—Stamp, reply oi ST., Southport. . SHAKESPEARE

TO PARTIES WANTING A SOUND BUSINESS IN LIVSRPOOL. BRO WN AN D Co. ACCOUNTANTS. TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS AND VALUERS. BETABLIMED 1875. WILL BUY, SELL, OR VALUE ANY (LASS OF BUSINESS, STOCKS. OR 1%1 A.CHINERY, WILL FIND YOU A PARTNER WITH £5 TO C5OOO _ , NO SALE, NO CUARGE. SOUTH JOHN STREET. LIVERPOOL.

-Bebiral.

-11)HBUMATISH Gout, Lumbago, Cause Cure Remedies- IL Interesting Book and Advice Free, Immediately post, Card, Auntie, 27, Manchester-road, Blackpool.

MAIBKNITY NLIKSH receives ladies before and during Reconcilement ; private and refined home ; physician's reference.-55 RUMFORD ST., Manchester.

(1 OOD HOUSE for Ladies during Ac(!ouchement, with 'J Trained Nurses ;20 miles from London; terms moder- ate.—HAßhtsorr, Gleneot. King'sroad, St. Alban's.

A CCOUCHBMBNT.—Comfortable Home offered Lady .1-1. before and after accouchroent ; charmingly situated; doctors' referencos ; confidential.—NUßSE WARDLE. Alpine, Matlock. Bath.

STBRILITY in women ; Its causes and curative treatmen By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women, A New Edition just published, post free 30 Bd. London.— SHELLEY & CO. LTD, 38, Gracechurch-street.

IDEPERIENCED Male and Female NURSES st a EA moment's notice for all eases.— Apply NUMES INsTiru- TION, Hope House, lope-street, Liverpool. Telephoae 2570 Royal. Telegraphic Ekddress " Nurses."

LADY, hose near relative has been cured of 13pileptic Fits, out of gratitude wishes to send (by post) particu- lars of the cure to friends of those similarly afiVeted.—Box 1719, c/o Sharrow and Thatcher, 13 West street,Loudon,

RHRUMATOID ARTHRlTlS.—Rheumatism, Rheumatoid Arthritis and I.2heumatic Gout speedily Cured. Mar- vellous new discoveries. Splendid results I—BARtmei- GOULD, hheumatic Specialist, Queenswood-road, Birming- ham. Advice and Testimonials Free.

ilionfp

O FBBS I NO FIBS! I NO PUBLICITY!! AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY Re, in STRICTBST PRIVACY to all respectable House- holders, Tradespeople. Farmers, and all I ersons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, "on simple promis- sory note only," at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit all classes. Distance no obj.ct. Call or write in confidence to THE (11-IBSHI,III ADVA.NC HI CO., 25. Cairo-street, Sankey-street, Warrington ; also at 16. Greenwood-street, Altrincham. Reid Office 59, Brunswick- street, Hightowu, Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

MONEY! MONEY ! ! MONEY ! ! ! £5 TO £lOOO, To each and everyone a hearty invitation is offered before going elsewhers to call or write to mn In con- fidence and convince yourself that mine is the lowest interest and lowest rate of repayment In flngland. Tto entire charge £5 to repay £5 6s. Od. £lO to repay £l2 Os. Pd. £2O 9. £24 Os. Od. £4O „ £43 Os. Od Larger sums proportionately. No bona-file application refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once to J.JRNNINGS Manager(private house),9,I.CADE AY. ST.. WARRINGTON. No delay. Strictest. privacy whether business done or not. Cash delivered on day of application. Distance no object.

IMPORTANT ANN OUNCEMENT TO THE PUBLIC. WE ARE PREPARED TO GRANT SPECIAL TERMS TO ALL PERSONS BORROWING MINEY FROM US. Do NOT HESITATE. BUT WRITE AT ONCE. WHEN OUR MANAGER WILL GALL UPON You AND GRANT You THE AMOUNT You REQUIRE. NOTE THE ADDRESS: 1 EAST STREET (NEAR THF, COUNTY COURT), ST. HELENS. Established the last Century. ADVANCES £3 TO £500.-DON'T PAY FEKS As those Offices who ask for fees,will only pocket your fee and refuse the advance. NO FEES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO dUEITIIfI REQUIRED. NO RESEW T- ABLE APPLICATION refused. NO FINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFORWAND dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to suit applicants. Apply and be convin"ed to the—Manager, J. CALVE RT, CLAUGHTON.CHAMBERS,I. CLAUGHTON STREET (opposite Dr. Knowles) ST. HELENS.

UN I 0 N CREDIT BANK, LINIITSD Rstahlished 1838. Registered Capital, £lOO,OOO. HEAD OFFICE: 38, RENSIILW-ST'REET. LIVERPOOL. Advances made from £5 to £5,000 upon personal security. Deeds, Shares, Policles,Reversions. Annuities. &c. £lO Repayable ss. weekly. Entire interest...) 14s. 94. £5O „ 20e. „ ~.• £3 8. Od. £lOO „ 40s. „ IP t fl £6 15s. Od. Other sums proportionately. Bills discounted. Also ad- vances for fixed periods. SHARRS bought and sold for cnstomers—Further particulars on application, personally or by letter. Tel. 2438 Royal (Liverpool). RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

FRONI £3 AND UP4ARDs. DONT FAIL TO GIVE US A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable 18 6d weekly £2O repayable 7s 6d weekly, £5 ~ 23 Od £5O ~ ft 178 6d „ £lO „ 3s 6d „ £lOO , 39s 61 „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HOURS, 9 am to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTE 'D ED TO.

.E 5 £7, £lO, £2O. 1..30. £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN. FARMERS, WORKINGMBN, and all Respect. title Householders. on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DB A.LINGS. EVERY INFORVIATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN IL GOOD WIN. .B.—Bstablishel at this -Lddrisse Twenty Years.

LOANS GRANTED DAILY, ANY DISTANCE,AFROM £5 To I_,ooo FOR ANY IMMEDIATE WANT, BUSINESS OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or starring new business, on simple promissory note. No fines. An applications immediately attended to. Apply in confid- ence,. personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN CO., 4-, PARKER STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. HEAD OFFICE: 9, CORPORATION ST., MAN CHESTER

£lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £50.-ADVANCES MADE to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT, on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERMS FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit male by our Manager on same day of application who will grant you the money AT ONCE if satisfactory. NOTE: THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO, 695 _ IT AYDOCK STREET NEAR THE MARKET PLACE EARLHSTOWN.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY Yismtd. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HALEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CH.ESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to 21.00 C. ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. 1113 A T I Ezi" wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING. OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THei , BORROWER. THE ABSENCE OF ALL. FEES. NO BILLS OF sALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED IN ANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SIiCRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RHO HIVE IMM EDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative mill call personally upon applicants awl complete the transactions at their own homes or places of business. My fair dealirg and reasonable charges are widely known, and my reputation stands nnrivalled. ADVANCES FROM £5 UPWARDS. PERSONS WANTING TEMPORARY CASH ADVANCES SHOULD NOTE THE ADVANTAGES OFFERED AT THIS OFFICE. (1). THE DESPATCH WITH WHICH ADVANCES ARE COMPLETED. (2) THE SIMPLICITY OF PROMISBORYINOTE. (3) THE REASONABLE RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED. (4) NO FINES FOR ARREARS, (5) REPAYMENTS ARRANGED TO] SUIT CON- VENIENCE OF BORROWERS. (6) NO BONDSMEN OR SURRTIIC REQUIRED. (7) ALL BUSINESS STRICTLY PRIVATE. (8) NO APPLICATION FEES. APPLY PERSONALLY OR BY LETTER. S. A UERBACH. 123, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED, MONEY LENT PRIVATELY In large or small sums (not less than £10). payable by Instalments, or as may be mutually arranged, ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. The undersigned has been ESTABLISHED UPWARDS OF THIRTY YEARS, and has formed a very large connec- tion. During the last 20 yes., ..lone the total amount lent by him REA ;EXCEEDEDM,EI,2SO,OO6:2I rpre j'gia.. received HUNDREDS OF UNSOLICTrfieD LETTISRS OF THANKS and has annually, for the past seven years, issued selections from these in pamphlets, of which nearly 400,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for Advances, or any Information de- sired, will be supplied FREE OF CHARGE, on application, either pereonallyor by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, CoLTNITY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL OR To THE HEAD OFrICE t- -9,0 KEN RD v---ITRii; PITA A.NOI-1 rI7,ST3

MON 8 y LE N T FRO £3 TO £5OO. DAILY M To Shopkeepers, Farmers. Market Gardeaers, Hotel Keepers, Tradesmen, and to alll responsible Householders worthy of credit (male or female), upon borrower's Note of Hand alone, with or without sureties, Amount borrowed and interest combined can be repaid as follows : £3, Note of Hand, 1/3 week £25 Note of Hand, 5/- week £5, 11 2/- ~I £5O It 10/- „ £lO, •• 3/- I £lO3 .. 20/- „ Larger amounts in proportion. Monthly or Quarterly Pay- ments taken ; other terms can be arranged. Capital can remain at interbst only. Interest lower than any other lender in the district. All transactions strictly private, and straightforward business dealings guaranteed, No bona-flde application refused. ristanCe no object. No publicity. No delay. Prompt attention to all inquiries, either personally or by letter, absolutely free of charge. Intending borrowers should write or call for terms of application. and compare our terms. Apply to any of the following addresses : MUTUAL ADVANCE AND 'INVESTMENT SOCIETY, 82, MILL-STREET, CREWE ; 19. QUERN-STRATI WREXHAM ' • and 31, CHTIETHAM HILL-ROAD, M \N- CHESTER. Registered Offices.

OTOR CYCLlC—Coventry Eagle 21 h.o. nearly new. I- fitted Palmer tyres, spray' carburettor ; price £35,— Write FORD, Jubilee Terrace, Wakefield. MOTOR-CYCLE (2h.p. Brown), nearly new ;Longvmare carburetter, trembler coil, Dunlops ; combined caarier I and stand ; spare parts ; 225.—CooPER,38,0hurch st.,Burniey

• OrAUTItH covsas.—Dunlop 138. 6d., Warwick 12s ,Clipper 125., Goodyear 93 ; Tubes 38. ; Cycles, cash or easy erms.—J. W. Trnatros, Wheatharnostead,, Herts.

r''IYCLISTS.—DON'T BUY NNW TYRNS. Try our re- rubbered ones, equal wear to ne'r, from 6s. 64. each; fit all rims ; your own re-rubbered from 4s. 64. (24 hours)• price list free; send inquiries however small.—HoaNsEY TYRE Co, 4315, Hornsey road Lcndon, N.

pANIIA.RD, 7 13,-p., double cylinder, tube and electric ignition, 3 speeds, and reverse on single lever, artillerf wheels. To seat 4, painted red ; gentleman ha I the alcove 6 mouths; during that time has spared no expense in fitting up same :with every possible convenience for touring. Is willing to dispose of same complete with Lucas hd lamps, 2 side lamps, and rear light, 2 side and 1 umbrella basket, , £5OO. Can be seen by appointment. Owner willing to teach purchaser driving and management of car.—Town address A. V. WARNER, 66 The Lawn, Shepherd's Bush, London, W. ; Country adAress, A. V. WARNER, Silchester Villas, tot-000rd. Wokingham, B,ks.

TOWLE'S C HLORODYNE Renowned for COUGH,, Consumption, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, Asthma, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE INFLUENZA, Spasms, TOWLE'S kill LORODYNE 24 doses for 2s. ir-ALTRUSr ALL IMITATIONS AND SUB- STITUTES, See that A. P. TO WLE and SON Is printed on each bottle.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER COMPLAINTS, )R. SCOTT'S PILLS HEADACHE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTION. , DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF APPETITE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS COSTIVENESS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prlces is. lid. and 2s. 9d.

2/6 PER IM.PERI AL QU.kRT (BOTTLES INCLUDED.) SCOTCH. AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS' WINE MEROI-111NTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

NEW SPRING GOODS. -W. T. WILLIAMS IS NOW SEIOWING EARLY SPRING NOVELTIES IN COATS, DRESS FABRICS, MILLINERY, &c. &c. 74, SINKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

KEENORA cAKE FLOUR • flour it is not worth 'vt, while to go to ths trouble • of meirinz cakes at limas. Bat .44 with "KEENORA" Cake Flour the difficulty is overcome and the results so gratifying that thousands of housewives are now using it to bake delicious and economical home-made cakes. PROVE IT BEFORE YOU BUY IT. Yon can do this at our expense ; send us your addves and 21. stamps for postage, and we will sea I you an 8-oz. Sample FREE. • THE "KEENORA" CO., •35 Sir Thomas St., LIVERPOOL ES ELIC -lOUS CAKE

GARTINS NEW AND IMPROVED BREEDS OF SEEDS ARE THE BEST, ALSO CHEAPEST WHEN QUALITY AND ULTIMATE RESULTS ARE CONSIDERED. CARRIAGE PAID & FIVE PER CENT DISCOUNT. Priced and Descriptive Catalogue post free on application. SEED EXPERTS AND GROWERS, wikrualNGer

OIL KING'S 'DANDELION & QUININE LIVER ? PILLS FOR BILE, WIND, INDIGESTION, Headache, Furred Tongue, Sickness, Gidcliness, loss of Appetite, Heartburn, Shoulder Pains, Constipa- tion, and all Liver and Stomach Complaints. DR. KING'S PILLS, GUARANTEED WITHOUT MERCURY, still keep ahead of all others at a Liver Remedy, and are unequalled as a Family Pill. Sold everywhere, is. id., 2S. gd. and 4s. 6d. per beat. Solely manufactured by .1. RORKE & Co., 132 York Rd., Lambeth, London.

‘ ..."(;FL4 tif , :' - 4 , tc,;?.-11'1‘:- . -1,-' ' ; .: ;,-, , 19 fox.„. ....... - ,

( Treatmentv. - y CONSi'IPTS"- ' i ' . 4., y ; , LUNG &THROAT AFFECTIONS, ; , 411FLUENZA,BRONCHMS, :- WINTER COUGH. :ASTHMA. ) A,,, s. Complete Case of Articles Required , FOR otIL CARRIAGE PAW. -- , •• - Book Free THESANITASt7,I2,69=O76I..B: ,

egh..'4"lolfOrme PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NO3ILITY, &C. TO BE RIGHT UP-TO-DATE, ()FURNISH AT - Established 1815. Tel. 1124. 6 MANCHESTER. The Largest, Best, and Cheapest Provincial Furnishers. , cPITTS'S FURNISHING GUIDE Acts as a finger-post pointing ? direct to Economy and Comfoirt. By its aid Furnishing becomes A simple, as it contains 800 Designs M T of every possible requisite at lowest possible price. Gratis, tl Post Free. Cash Quotations only. ) , Easy Payments io per cent. extra. -

t; London Road it Gaythorn. PITTS'S MODEL HOUSE OF PCKNIAIicg be inspected daily at London road OILY. It com- prises Dining, Drawing, and Three Bedrooms, Kitchen and Scullery, replete with all essential articles. NEW artistic H nd substantial, for 200 guineas, or any article sold separately Also NUMEROUS SPECIMEN FURNISHED ROOMS, Pining, Drawing, and Bedroom from 7 to 125 guineas each, acknowledged by all who have seen them to be remarkablY Nell designed and executed, and really surprising value- Hull details and photos post free. DITTS'S RENOWNED HOUSES OF FURNI- i_ TUNE at 15k, 22i. 28f, 38i, 50, 75, 103, 203, up to 3,030 guineas, excite everyone's wonder and admiration. THEY STAND UNRIVALuRD. They are a source of pride and delight to PITI7S'S countless customers, and of despair to would-be competitors. Everyone astonished at the quantity and quality of the articles. All desirous of possessing Happy English Home, comfortably, artistically, and economically furnished, should send to PIT rs's for full particulars, post free. PITTS'S TW&NTY-EIWIT AND A HALF GUINEA HOUSE OF FURNETURE contains good serviceable articles only, which can be thoroughly relied upon. It is hardly suitable for an aristocrat's mansion, but just the thing for the thrifty artisan. We have sold hun- dreds of similar lots, and they invariably please. Com- prises : SITTING ROOM, nice Suite in Leather or Tapestry: including Couch, pair of Easy Chairs, and set of :Small Chairs, Carpet bordered all round, Hearthrug, Cornice Pole, and pair of Lace Curtains. KITCHEN has Dresser, set of Table Chairs, Rocking Chair, Arm Chair. Square or Fall-leaf Table, Fender and Fireiroas, Floor-cloth and Hearthrug. BEST BEDROOM : Nice Suite, (.211y enclosed, polished any colour, Cane-seated Chairs, Towel- airer; Toilet Service, good Black and Brass Bedstead, Wire Spring Mattress, Overlay, Bolster and two Carpel bordered and fringed. Fender, and Vase. SECOND BED" ROOM: Chest of Drawers, Washstand, Cane Chairs, Toilet Rail. Toilet Set, Serviceable Bedstead, Mattresses, Bad Bolster and two Pillows, Carpet bordered and fringed HALL, STAIRS, and LANDING tltte I with Carpet, Floor cloth, Stair Rods and Byes. Brass Doorplate, and Mats- Compare this with £5O lots elsewhere, then draw your owa conclusion, and we in all probability shall dbraw your money. PITTS'S PIANOS, CARPETS, BASSINEPTES. MAIL CARTS, Lamps, China, Glass, Earthenware, Table Billiards, Bagatelle, ac. SAMUEL PITTS; MANCHESTER. LONDON ROAD (Ardwick and Longsight Cars). GAYTHORN (all City Road Cars pass doors).

WED DING RINGS. CHARLES WOLF'S

~ .. , l'sli4Rl' GOUT AND IR [4-1. IiMATIC PILLS A LOTION MAY TEMPORARILY SOOTHE,BUT A BLAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL goes to the root of the mischief, and is really the only true remedy for Gout, Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Lumbago. All Chemists and Stores at is. 144:1. and 2s.9d.per box.

"In the organism of man as in that of all the highest animals, the materials for the nutrition of every portion of tr.° structure are supplied by the Blood. If the blood is d•seased the body is diseased " Clarke's World famed Blood Mixture "is a guarantee 4 cure for Blood and Skin Diseases. it is the most searching blood cleanser ever discovered !and will free the sysrem from all impurities from whatever cause nr.sing. For ricrofula. Scurvy. Eczema, Bad Legs, Pimples, end Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials. Se Id everywhere at 2s 9d per bottle. Beware of worthlses imitations and substitutes.—advc. 7. B 41 P 114.0 are warrekuZ,..". to cure' iu sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharge. from the t rinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from /t ercury. bstabliehed upwards of 30 yen's. In boxes 4s. 6cl. set), of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through at the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and, Midland Counties Lauf/Company. Lincoln.— FLOBILINE l—rob IRE TERSE AND RREATII...-Therellahy eltenets the teeth from all parasites or impurities. harden tee gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, and gives to the tteth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price !s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for tbe Floriline "Powder," cf all Chemists and Perfumere.— I dst VALUABLE DISCOVERY OR TEE Alnk,—ll your hair Is turning grey or white or falling off use the !BMWs IfAte If ittivlsElt, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly teeutiful, as weil as tromoting the growth. Price Zs 6d rer bottle.--411det• To Mexemee.—Mrs. Wine low's Soothing-Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their 2bildren while teething, with perfect sriceess. It will relieve the reorsufterer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural inlet sleep, oy relieving the child mom pain and tbe little tlerub awakes "as bright as a button:" O: all Chemists is ljd rise bottle. -Advt

1111135851Maingffill: 11r, Wilp , 0 A ZRL telt 7LI CHEA747.5.1N LIOXES ///14.2/9. .4f7WIIERE ON RECEPTCHSJfOBSS IE&C.I66.IONCROW NOTTINGHAM. r'o m.fcmsnmar,'

e--...,, (.6iln ........, /.3 .(1 Hist 4\ Pr iii, ft j ...., pa ",,if iiien Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every 'successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custard is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO EMS! NO RISK 1 NO TROUELE I

YOU OUGHT TO KNOW that Holdroyd's Gravel Pills are a positive Cure for Gravel, Lumbngo, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind, Water Complaints, Diseases of tha Kidneys, Gout, Isciatica, and Rheumatism. Try one box; if not satisfied money returned. Is. lid.. all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps. Holdroyd's Med oat Hall, Cleokheaton, Yorks.

~ ,',.‘ 4\ W- ' 4:lT,p I 6 A V,,,, ..: ~ .1 , • --' itlyi •r - ' IA "0 'sl ''*' Vift''''-1 141 - oa tke luvkz..fC vo,tue 4i.A ' ,%,. , it\ Britte&Crri OA\ 'S 'GOOD SMOkES .vitSA, ' ..3-.)) 2D e6kik: 7jorol- - per ,ow 1 \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 40 —l-- 50 LADY GODIVA : Cigorettei ~....._,.. =__ ~..... - .-___ . 10 Sor .5D oi,l .-:7; .0-:•,..; 'TV,- ' ~,1:',,:•:\ ..r.;-*.• --k,--,,,...t :_'..,;,Zsii.--.. 1 ROSS oP_O5. 17 C.OVENTZy

A PRESENT TO EVERY SILKS4I PURCHASER. .DRESSES Write to-day for patterns on approval, post free to : MUSLINS VVRANYati&onCalo.s(iDikep (Dept. A), Warehouse, MACCLESFIELD.

WALTHAM WATCHES. BEST TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD, DENNISON', THE CITY HOUSE, 6, CHEAPBIDP. I °EDON. H.O. SEND FOR PRICE LIST._

AGENTS Joseph Beswick3 liorsemarket Street W ARRINGTON. W. SHAW Jun., Top Locke, BuneOrn. S. JEAVONS, 21, George St., St. Helena. It. CULSHAW, :.8 Burecough St., Ormekirk.

JE rsßully B BIW 'S (MANCHESTER) MineralW te rs 4 BY APPOINTMENT or KING EDWARD VII

WHEN YOU BUY A BICYCLE-BUY A PREMIER. (11E1.1rAl, TUBE.) , N , ONE . :-.------- TILE . CRADE _ ~ --- g.‘ cb 1 kz,‘,-.-- , __ ..-4,l7crit , I re BEST. _.,, ‘1 .%,,,, , u 3 I .1"..:4,--‘',.,...___,. j £l2 12s. Net, or £1 is. Monthly. 1904 Booklet free on PREMIER CYCLE CO., LD. COVENTRY. application to: Agent :—J. S GARLAND, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

-r," ~•. _...,_ . laal , ms. i ensured to A Beautiful Figure and Improved Health wearers of this perfect Corset. The latest model of a fashionable expert anatomically constructed to give strong ‘,...tit_v support and improvement tothe& best ever who use this r w model set say it is far and away 7 A • i. . : ' lIIIIIfe PATENT ..3.1.—.... ~ 4. • ; Iti IA (g ' • ..., , , t , , 4, A ••••3 7 , a ' 4ii.--: si SIDE - SPRING-0,- ( l':-;-74-..3.•''''''....!:.' 11'117 pm:EAUTIFUL IN CONSTRUCTION. UNRIVALLED IN STYLE. , t, ti:f' ES 3111 to 10,6. Obtainable from the principal Drapers and Ladies' Outfitters, but if any difficulty in procuring, write for name of nearest agent. a, Insist on having the T. B. Siel,-cArintr Corset—The Best.... 1 011,TANT.—The wear of every J.B. Corset Is ab,ntutelv guaranteel by the Sole Manufacturer. k J. 3, BLAIR, Grea.t Anconts Street, IVIASNIC I-9 ES'VER.

DR. DE ROOS COMPOUND RENAL PILLS Arejustly celebrated all over Mae world as the most safe and pee ely remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Lumbago Gout, Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Deposits, btone in the Bladder, Discharges, and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. livery package bears the Government stamp, with the words, " WALTEIL DE ROOS, LONDON," thereon, by order of his Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price Is. lid. aril 2s. 9d. at all Medicine Houi,s, or post free from Proprietor HolfOrd House, Hulford-square, London, W.C.

Casu men Is the most sustaining Food on earth. COMPLETELY REMOVES INDIGESTION, CON- STIPATION, UNIQUE tor An/B*lA, FEVERS, GOUT, CONSUMPTION. DIABB TES, RHEUMA- TISM and INFLUENZA. Write for free sanspla of CASUMEN, With LANCET report and full particulars. ilb post free Ie.—PRIDBAUX'S FOOD CO., MOT- BE, DORs scr • or thr•-twh ehemista. Stow.. ete.

D --- 0 is a wonderfawater proolgr'for BOL11? & liAL.Abao. dot- al es, tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow Wish- log with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGHEST ILIn AWAUDS. ."' • ..:::.*. bb i Tins 2d.. 6d., 2,- .5e 216 of 800 111 t Makers, Saddlers, Ironmoncers dec. Al anniesetory East Dul-snch, London.

DON'T COUCH for KEATHIC'S LOZENCES EASILY CURE THE ORST COUCH. One gives relief. An lnereasinz sale of over 80 years is a certain teat of their value. Sold In 13icl. tins everywhere.

"MADE LIKE A GUN." . . , . • - • ,ROYAL.. •.1316YOLE:S -ENFIELD:f"?TORS ~ Bicycles SIC 10, to CIC 16s. Motor, Bicycles - 40 and 45 Guineas. Motor Cars . and .C3OO.

=IR ART BOOLLRT AND ALL PARTICULARS FROM Warrington ;—W. H. BELLIAN, Sankey-street. Altrincharu :—CRAGG 8: SON, Church-street. Frodsham :—T. BOOTH, Central Cycle Depot. Leigh :—W. H. PENNINGTON & SON, Church-st. Lymm :—J. B. TAYLOR, Ironmonger. 3liddlewich :—H. WASHINGTON, Cycle Agent. Nantwich :—H. GARNER, Hospital-street. Northwich ROBINSON, 46a Station-road. Runcorn :—W. BOOTH, Cycle Agent. St. Helens STEWART I‘IcLEAN, Duke-street. Sale :—H. SOUTH WORTH, 24, Cross-street. Widnes :—E. W. COOKE, Albert-road.

00 ACRES. For latest official ?daps, Pamphlets and full particulars, gratis, apply to Mr. W. T. R. PRESTON, COMMISSIONER OF EMIGRATION, 11-12, CI-gARING CROSS, LONDON, S.W., or Mr. A. F. JURY, OLD CASTL'2I.:' .SUOLDENGS, LIVERPOOL-

BENsoN LONGis WATCHES L ATCHES AND INS ,flll, FOR LADIES. eliz: ,A.-- ir • ,_, 4 ikLj- *l\ ILE, 4."''llt rn .%_ _L- ...„,..........„w„„,„ ~<.,-#.77.:-. ....7;:.:*_:• v 2, ..=,— ici 4„/::z',:lej;::_tll4,.::fi-4-‹ GOLD /4---7---::::7-t--1-"------,:- cs, cil 17?-04. \,V--:-1112.--- --.4\l.\\,,si. WATCH lbh ---v'‘,N cc,,,i (44) "9 '''t,:,,,,',••••""*..c,‘,V,,, r' No\ 101) g\,,:' 4- m '-' ' iOV) -,t,711 ,: in ease ',.1"4 %1;:. r-4 si'4,j: P. 1, 6‘o 4 It 0 „.,. ~v5i,:i4v.,0 ;, ,1,,,k ..5.,;. E. / . 14...,. ‘,,, -. ~, .: complete .\\---....... .. . .• , - *,,v- li., •\% .4%,.....:::7 -..-,M.) - from \ t.l.V:;%;:q.' ig si4 1:49 (,_,NI ^ .€1 \ .t:.5.,4t. --'E-Z--AIL----:%_:;11-y, •,'L. : (r * 0 ~ ''..-$,; 7,--;,"=,,,, ,v, de io. .';,,\ N:--,,..?-.'"'----,--_- ,_____---,---.: - -----,--ir,-- -' $ id ,•,..:•-•:-....:z ~.,...;.--,'. " .P, 1 1 . El) , c Ladies' Lever Watch in 18-ct. 5 4 ies' Lever Watch in 18-ct. A fir Ladies' Cases, Gilt Dial, ;.' 5. Gold Hunting, or Half t R7lO Hunting Cases, . s. MANY OTHER DESIGNS .IES TO €.50. 2s ' at 1 * *) g 4,,,, * 4 ~,,r.1,44 4. 'To 012-1:--'-tt •.; ''',SP " I V 4T• i PA.. ,e, - , - ' • -,? *if 14-' 'Z' i 6**,7' -<, ko- '1" ''' i ' ' • " ' j C' V) c4l 04) 1." -*4 i *: - '2) N'' -'n,.--j----' •O'X • ' ri, ' , o :--4, Ruby, or Sapphire .* `••4 vb and Brilliants, 2.105. 1 11 Brilliants, Ll 5. Sapphires, or Rubies, V :*) and Brilliants, £6. 0 A*, ' Can be purchase ct on " Cbe CjimeS" System of • * ) MONTHLY PAYMENTS at the same prices as for Cash. ••• bc.) itg:.,„E,f_Ar„.T,t 1'.7.0, 4,1, . ; ' '-', 17- • ,)e., .• --L - O' ' -'''. ' ' . . 5 ifis . ' Single-stone Brilliant, Rubies, or Diamond Rings, Brilliants, Pearls, 1.'.1 . ss. Sapphires, £2 . 15s. from £2 . 58. £l2. ILLUSTRATED BOOK of Watches, Clocks, Chains, Rings, Brooches, Bracelets, "Imperial" Plate, Cutlery, Bags, Suit Cases, &c. Sent Post Free. J. W. BENSON, Ltd.,' The Premier Watchmakers, Flterom : 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON.

IN6TAN RAPID CURE OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. • A RECORD CURE 32, Archer-street, Bayswater, London, W. Dear Sir,—Sunday night my big toe pained me, on Monday it was much worse, and in the evening I could scarcely walk. At 6 p.m. I sent for a bottle of your Gout Pills, and took two at once. At 9.30 1 was much relieved, and could eat my supper. I took another before going to bed, and although so hot I got a fair night's rest. I have taken two more pills to-day, and now, at 6.30, lam alright again. This is a record cure. Yours truly, PHILIP BRANS. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamOs or P.O. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & R

Parliaments,and Cobbett told him to his face that so long as his ancestors were chandlers, and tallow merchants, and traders, they were respectable people. What they were when they bought seats for rotten boroughs, and became loan-mongers and stock-jobbers, and voted for their own interests,he would not like to say. Of course poor Cobbett was fined and imprisoned,and persecuted fcr uttering these wholesome truths, but nobody ever had the hardihood to contradict him. The thieves who lived by plundering the nation did not object to wrong-doing, but they had a mortal aversion to criticism and exposure. I suppose it is no use crying over spilt milk. The National Debt has been created, and it has been laid on your shoulders and mine, and our children's children will have to repay both principal and interest. But what right had a gang of everlasting fools to plunge us into this debt at all? Why should we be struggling to-day with a debt of £768,000,000, which is about £lB per head for every man, woman and child in the United Kingdom? And why should we compel generations yet unborn to pay for the wars of the French Revolution and the Spanish Succession, and for our own folly and wickedness in South Africa? It is only just dawninf, on some of us what terrible truth there is in ShakeiPeare's lines : The evil that men do lives after them; The good is oft interred with their bones. The mystery of it is that history repeats itself. Mr. Gladstone established a sinking fund by which the Debt was automatically reduced, and paid off by instalments. Under that scheme more than £200,000,000 melted away. But the Tories are in power again and they have plunged us into more wars and suspended the sinking fund,and increased our debts. The effect of this suicidal policy is seen in the loss of our national credit. The price of Consols has fallen twenty-five per cent since the Tories plunged us into these mad wars. If I had my way I would hang or shoot every states- man who plunges the nation into war. As soon as ever war broke out the war-makers should be tried for their lives byan international jury of freemen. If they were found guilty of provoking any war that mighthave been honestly avoided, I would give them an hour to make their wills and say their prayers, and then I would exe- cute them., And I would make each generation pay its own war debts. If a man is cursed with a drunken father, who ruins himself, the law does not permit him to ruin his children's children. It is about time we learned to manage our own affairs and leave our neighbours to their own devices, and then wars Shall cease. John Bull has not sense enough to go in when it rains. He gets bitten a score of times by the same dog, and his head is so thick you cannot teach him anything. There is no fool like an old fool.

pLACARDS, in Black and Coloured Inks, to an size or pattern, and on any colour of paper pROSPECTUSES & BALANCE-SHEECTS. JOHN W ALICHR AND CO BEWSEY STREW.. WARRINGTOF O IRGULA.RS in the neatest style, from M3i3r. type, and of the best workmanship. JOHN WALKER & Co., EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY, STREET, W ARRINGTON, POSTERS A SPECIALITY. IkLL kinds of BOOKS BOUND in any style- from the simplest to the most elaborate. ALL KINDS ;OF PUINTING 'FOE CONCERTS TEA PARTIES SOIREES SERMONS BALLS MEETINGS &c., &c EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY-STREET WARRINGTON.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PMIVATZ DENTISTRY TEE'rh. Appointments unneoes,ryant arranged, nvty ba TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH Hach patient Infworongtirebequfrnta . the wit TEETS. Gold and other fillings at mo4arate charge& TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. P•fniess Exotfracritriirnonass httliotc/r tas aW TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13.000ieslions weekly. Ekon. Of the late J. H. PARKiNSON (DENTIST BY ExAm.)3 MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ..... ...GRORGE•STRIIIir MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON SANK Y-ST 1G t •....WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RnORN, 31. BRIDGErSTREC T HURSDAY , 2 to 5. NORTHWICH__I4, APPLENARKET-STR (1 RIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to b.

Birth. • DUPRE—To Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Dupre, of Sonthamp- ton, a son on March 15th, 1901. ad sermonettes [Next week Mr. Taylor will have something to say on " John Chinaman in South Africa."'
