===== 0002601_19040820_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. THE EDUCATION 8 COMMIT TEE OFFERS A NUMBER OF SCHOLAR- PoPS tenable for Twelve weeks at the Dairy Institute. rleston, f)r instruction in Dairy work, and com- IPencinT on Monday. Augu.t 29th next. Firms of nAlication can be now obtained from the Director of 'aucation to whom they should be returned not later ttllib August 20th. R. P. WARD, Director of Eaucation. Education Offices, City Road, Chester. IIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES. 4 REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS (Sundays included). Palatial saloon steamer" La Marguerite " or other steamer I,ving Prince's Landing Stage daily. 10.45 a.m., for i'llandudno,Beaumarip,Bangor and Menai Bridge,allowing four rs ashore at Llandudno, and due back about 7 30 p.m. arena. Silialtos. 11.15 Ran Bvery Saturdsy and Sunday, Atfla sailing' by "St. Tudno" to Llandudno due back 8 p.tn. li"" P.m., Fridays, Saturdays, and Mondays, for Llandudno. baltnnarit, Bangor. and Menai Bridge. 2.15 p.m Sundays " Snowdon," for Llandudno and Menai Bridge. " St. ..."nn". at 9.45 a.m. Mondays,22nd and 29th, for Llandudno Holyhead. of Anglesey Trip, Wednesday, 31st August by " St. Milo," at 9 15 A.M., due back 8.15 p m. Or all further information, aunty to the Liverpool and rth Wales Steamship Company. Ltd.. T.G.BREW, Secretary, Chapel mT et. Liverpool. Guide 3d. post free. .stiniugh booking ov Cheshire Lines leaving Warrington 0.48 a.m. on week days and 9.45 a.m. on Sundays. Also ,Y L. & N.w. Railway at 8-25 a.m. on week days and 8-35 'n,• on Sundays.

tANGLANDS' SAILINGS TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. p "PR INOR -;S LOUISE " OR OTHER STE A.MER. t,r,orn LIVERPOOL From GLISGOW ,ittarence Dock Berths N 0.23-28. North Side )1'1(41. Aug 22nd8.30 p.m. Wed. Lug 24th 2 p.m. *5.25 P•m• Ausz 26th 10.3Cp.m. Mon. Aug 29th 2p m. -5.25 p.m. 4bUrs. Sep. Ist 2 p.m. Sat. Sep. 3rd 2 p.m. *6.45 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). thBDeeial reduced through tickets from Warrington. "Idnes etc. h °FinpristY FAREE4 TROVL LIvARPOoL :—Cabin, Single, Ils ; Aetnrn(valte for two minthel,l6s. 6d. Steerave,Single, 5s 6d. IPPECILL RFTURN TlCKET.—(valid for 10 days). Cabin `s• ; Steerage Bs. 3d. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, 14. CROS3 STREET, MANCHESTER. lot RUMFORD PLACE. LIVERPOOL. _

ALLAN LINE.--TO CANADA, UNITED STATES RIVER PLATH. AND INDIA. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. (The only line under Government contract for the I)TlVevance of Casiadian Mails). &VARIAN Quebec and Montreal Aug 25 CT -TY OF EDINBURGH...CoIombo and Calcutta Aug 25 WLY . St. John's N.V., and Halifax Aug 27 I's&RISIAN Quebec and Montreal Sep. 1 11URNw; AYR KAN...St.Johns N.F Halifax and Phil Sep. 3 OCEAN RATES—To Canada. Saloon from £l4. Secondly uabln.27 10e.: Third Class £3 Quebec, £4 Halifax. To India, *-31 10s. and £27 10e. _For full particulars apply to ALLix's. 103,Leadenhall Street 'Qndon, 8.0.. and 19. James-street. Liverpool. _

===== 0002601_19040820_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
TIRE RMPIRR FURNISHING CO.. 300 AND 302, STOCKPORT-RD. C.-ON-M. (Corner of MILTONS I,O4I_.RET), MANCHESTIR, RR DRSIONS, BBTTRR QUALITY gIiAPER 1 RIC2S, and LOWER TERM "ban any other house in Manchester, and, above all, the bP.Pu:ll.l' I 8 QUITE OPTIONAL. In Manchester and surrounding district. there are thousands of would-be purchasers who tremble at the idea of the Hire Purchase System. OBSTINATE FRIENDS AND NERVOUS RE- LATIONS will say avoid ths•Hire System. idUr WHY? Because they don't know THE TINT PITIE FURNISHING CO. and their methods of doing business, and that they like to treat their cus- tomer, es they would like to be trepted ; and they DON'T ASK YOU TO SIGN ANY OBJEC- TIONABLE AGREEMENT, ALw) BECAUSE, If you are ill, If you meet with an Accident, Is you lose your situation, Or have any other misfortune, EMPIRE WILL SAY If you are unable to pay we don't oznect you to pay ; and In no ease do their customers evur lose the value of the money they have already Paid. ()M"Fil AND SEE THEN!, YOU NEED NOT BUY Catalogues of Terms are sent Post Free. or their Representative will call on receipt of Post ;Card.

MPIRE, FURNISHING CO., 300, STOCKPORT ROAD. 9 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Wedneadsv, 9 a.m. to 1 p.m

===== 0002601_19040820_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS Printed. Bounfl,!Numbered and Perforated to order.

TRADE PRIMING of every description.

May be ins pected and Estimates obtained at the Office SPECIAL facilities for PRINTING all kinds of EDUCATIONAL WORKS.

JOHN WALKER & CO EXAMINER OFFICE,

WARRINGTON.

TELEPHONE No. 355 Y.

ALL kinds of BOOKS BOUND in any style ti from the simplest to the moat elaborate. pROSPECTUSES S.'. BALANCE-SHEETS. PLACARDS, EXTRA LARGE SIZ E OUR speciality. ADDRESSES. Pamphlets, Secretaries Reports ti.&a., printed in any size and quantity. RULES PRINTED and BOUND for Oddfellows Foresters, Druids Shepherds' Sick, Burials an Trade Societies.

EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
W AHUO " TEL F. MARVEL. OF THE TWENTIETH CENTURY. PATCH The wonderful Wahoo Ringworm Cure ~. Is. 1d & 2s. 9d. The marvellous cure for &zero* Is. lal. & 2s. 9d. 'the Wahoo Electric Rheumatic Cure is. litedicitim, Is. d. • Wahoo for the Hair. A Renowned Hair Restorer Is. Of all Chemists or of the

WAHOO MBDICINA CO., LTD.,HARLIVDNN, LONDON.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

ALL KINDS OF PRINTING FOR

CONCERTS

SOIREES

===== 0002601_19040820_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
TEA PARTIES

SERMONS

BALLS MEETINGS Src., Szc JOHN WALKER & Co.

EXAMINER OFFICE WARairiaTopr.

DIARRHOEA,

DURING THB LAST HALF-CENTURY EVERY- ONE TRAVELLING IN HOT CLIMES HAS MADE A POINT OR CARRYING SOME

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE,

SO AS TO ER IN A POSITION TO !MIR-

===== 0002601_19040820_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
DIATELY STOP AN ATTACK OF

DIARRHOEA, DYSENTERY, OR CHOLERA.

Hot weather in the British Isles strik es suddenly, and everyone shouid take little pr-caution. Don't wait till N 1111 ct II v need the Chloroclvne ; 'con might he driven to sending a care!ess me4senger for the medicine you require, wbo might accept a substitute.

YOU wANr DR. J. COLLIS BROli NE'S CIILORODiNE.

OFFICE. "FX.A.IINER

BRWSRY-STRRRT WARR INGTCN.

TELEPHONE 355 Y.

IiTANDBILIs, in large or small quantities cheap :mil effective.

Estimates Riven for all kinds of work.

DDREFS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

INVOICES for Grocers, Shoemakers, Cloggere Butchers, Bakers, Plumbers, Publicans, ac.

POSTERS A SPECIALITY. JOHN WALKER ,t CO., EXAMINER OFFICE, WAHRINGTON. POSTERS A SPECIALITY.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
eriutatton.

ACCOUNT BOOKS, Szc. MADE To ORDER EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

I AKE DISTRICT.—FARMHOUSE APARTMENTS; _LI September. 88. 6d. per room, including cooking and attendance Pretty district.—Address B. •• Examiner Office. Warrington.

rLoßmiTsto.r t;o, (It.)3ln,loonOtittlf A BLTlihreFeU 1,7,. dlroofto m1%1) Hotw)otl el t nog it re. Baikes Hall Bstate. Particulars given and references exchanged.-27, Limos an , Blackpool.

OltllueOlti/S, W.H. Visitors will find C—omlortable hOmoly APARTMRNTS. with or without board, at reasonable terms, with Mrs JENNrsos, Stanley House, 26, Clarendon-rd. one minute from Pier and Alhambra.

lENTRAL WALES SPA.—If you require APARTMENTS N_J at any of the Spas in Central Wales advertise cn the Radnorshire Standard," published at Llandrindod Wells, Circulates in Llandrindod, Builth,and Liangamrnarchlls. •

T DISTRICT.—Good APARIMISNTS or full boarA IA El ls. per week. Overlooking Bassenthwitite Lake. Boating and Fishing. Splendid scenery. Three minutes fgorn station.--Frenicu. Bagsenthweite Like. niar Keswick

-iti-OR MA MB H.— STRAW'S Royalty RRSTAURAdiT. In_ Opposite General P.O. Oldest established Caterers in Morecambe. Large and small parties catered for. satisfac- tion guaranteed. Moderate prima'. Cyclist accommodation. Hotdinners every day. Apartments

VALE OF CLWYD. FURNISHHD VILLA ; large garden two sitting, three bedrooms ( four beds), main Road Post, rail, churches, stores near ; I ovely views and walks. Maid remains, or paying guests recoived if preferred. For permanency terms reduced. An hour's ride from Rhyl. Day tlckets.—Apply early Miss BRADB URY, Climax-cm. Byarth, Ruthin.

lorges, Tarrtageo, Übe Stork scr

(AN SALE, PHA:TON. in splendid condition ; cheep.— kl Apply Go. OLIVINT, Estate Agent, Church St.. Leigh.

()N SALIi, smart, LIVBHPOOL GIG (rubber Lyres); or exchange small Turnout.—WHALLEx,94,Ripon st,Prestort

FKW plias ; also five bow. (due in about & month,' cheap to clear.—T. kilLroy, Farmer, Grassen- dale, Liverpool.

ON SALE USEFUL BY MARS. 14-2, eight years oid.— Apply to T. HORNBT, Dog and Uun , Long Lane, Aughtnn, near Ormskirk.

SALB. HORSE. 15 bands; CART and HARNESS, or Greengroe.r's FLOAT; must sell.-7, csIGH STREET, Shaw, near Oldhem.

(I M N SAL a nearly new HAWKING CART, Suit Flab- kJ mong r or greengrocer. A batgaln —Mrs. HALL, I, New Cross-street, "'tenor-.

HORSl49.—Heavy Town Light Larry COBS and PONIES always to, sale. Also Store pigs.—Appty DICKINSON. Iderch Int, Orrnskirk.

()N SALM, a splendid young BOAft, Middle White York- shire ; just reaciy for 11. P.—T. C. LIPTROT, Stone House Farm. Marsh Green, Pemberton, Wigan.

HAND*OMfI YOnKSHIRIi DOG, good coat, 16 months. Ms le puppy, 14 weeks. Splendid spe:imens. Toy black and tan at stud ; perfect model Fee 10s. 6d.-lEnBom, 53. limpress rd., Liverpool.

lalrr Hultati, 5 years, 16 benos ; Cub 14-'4. 7 yeAra ; kJ both warranted sound and honest, lend few months for keep, or excbange for hey. corn, etc.: it sold, £25 and £/6.—HOBSEKEEPEit. White Boar Hotel, Princess at Bur,.

_ 13HIGHTON.—£400, safe smali ierlkktllOLL) INVHST- MHN'T, pays over l 2 per cent. nett ; welt built, let to good tenants, close to electric trams, toads paid for chance seldom met with ; producing an income of £5O nett for an outlay of £4O J.—Apply OWNER, 34, Ashford road. Brighton. Sussex.

ITRSICU SUDORIFIU for lame or unsound Horses. V Vesico Sudorific is the quickest, safest, and most famous remedy for bplint, Spavin, Ringbone, bideboue, Capned Nock and Rlbow, Windgall, Tumours. Weak Legs, Bcc. Price 24. 6d. or os., of Chemists, or post tree —GREGORY is Co.. Temple, Bristol.

GIG - HARNESS. Pull size £4 2. 60. Cob sizes £3 15s ; Pony size £3 66. Cab or business cart harness £4 10. strong van harness £4. Farmers' strong cart herness 23106 All the above are band made in our own factories. Heavy cart saddles and breeching. £l, C.lrt bellybands 3. 6d. Plough pads 26., 2f inches British novernment leackanda and tugs 106 6d. Cart eollArs tis :teal hames with hooks 1. 6d per pair. Black waterproof cart cover 61t 61n. by 61t 61n. 4.. 6d Men's brown leather British Government navy belts 6d. All goods sent on approval. Illustrated catalogue post tree on 4ppliextion to JeftritNE, contractor to It. M. Government, Nottingham.

PLACARDS, in Mick and Coloured Inkm, ta any size or pattern, and on any colour of paper. PRICE Lisrs Printed on card or paper intlS- treted, if required.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. EXAMINER OFFICE,

o

VT

i , 1:: ''.

\

I

;.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
, . ... il. - . . - - • , ,-• , . . ...,, . _... , , ... ' :;. . . ' '' * ' ' - ' ''' ''' '''. '''''' ''' . , ' . ' *.--'- .. ' ' ''' - ' ' \ '-' ' ... .:::,-.Z '', : , ' ,`, :: '' ~ 1.',4 : .:2'.. 'V : : ....' ..‘ :. '''. ",,A., ~ , , . “.,, ', , ' l' Ai:till:it'. i ::_''A 'Jul( VAa'A :". - 1 '.- .- '- .. ~. •.,.. ' -

,

===== 0002601_19040820_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

----- The Baroness Beaumont.—The- little Baroness I Beaumont who has just celebrated another anniversary of her birthday, is ten years old, and one of the four ladien entitled to call themselves by this title. It will be remeinbered that Queen Victoria had the title called out of abeyance in this little maiden's favour, eight years7ago, after the death of her father, which was due 1 to a gun accident. The Baroness has one sister to whom si.e is devotedly attached. Only Daughters.—The marriage of the only daughter I of the house is always regarded with mixed feelings by the bride's parents, and Lady Aberdeen, while rejoicin,g in her daughter's happiness is sadly missing her con- stunt and cheerful companionship. The two ladies were devoted to good works. soma of which they must now carry on separately, and were never so happy as when busy with their charitable engalements. Captain and Lady Marjory Sinclair have been spending the first part of their honeymoon at Gwydyr Castle, one of the most ancient castles in these. Isles of ours. Lord and Lady Carrington have frequently entertained Royalty at this, their beautiful and historical seat. The Queen and the Fashions.—That it is possible to be beautifully and becomingly dressed without living in a perpetual rush after the very latest fashions, is a truth that has been brought home to us times ont of number by her Majesty the Queen. For example,though almost everyone is now wearing the huge sleeve, her Majesty remains faithful to the tightly fitting variety, and in the matter of skirts the Queen still elects to have them built closely fitting about the hips,no gathers or fullness of any kind appearing about the waist of any of her toilettes. If those smart "Society women who insist upon following closely all the freaks of fashion would imitate the Queen's example, and wear only what suits them, regardless of the whims and fancies of the modistes, they would present a more artistic appearance than is the case with very many of the seekers after novelties and eccentricities in the modistic world. Cotton Tussore.—A quite new and Very delightful fabric is cotton tussore. Like the old familiar silken variety, it can be had in all the newest shades as well as in the old-world, ecru tint, and unlike the majority of linens it crushes very little, and promises to wear excellently. Red, brown, and orange are very favourite colours at the moment, and soon we shall be entering upon all the new autumn tints, many of which are novel, and likely to prove most becoming. Modes for Golfing.--Red is in high favour for golfing the short red skirt and sailor hat being donned with a white, cream or ecru tinted blouse. A rod underskirt, soft red leather belt, very wide, and fastening in front with a large red buckle, and a loose dark red cape. com- pletes a very striking and effective toilette. Great care needs to be exeicised however, in the selection of the tone of red, some complexions needing a bright, and others a dull shade of this particular colour. When the complexion permits, the former should be chosen, it being the more modish and desirable in every way. New Millinery.—Divers new shapes are appearing in the millinery world, and nowadays nothing, however eccentric attracts attention. One can make or bend a shape as one will, and so long as it is becoming that is all one need consider. The mushroom variety is having a great vogue again, and also is our old friend the tall crowned Empire hat. The latter is always becom- ing provided it is poised rightly, and the hair is dressed correctly to take it, but alas, so many women fail to select just the right style of hairdressing, or the right angle, and then the hat is unjustly held responsible for the undesirable effect. One point to remember in the selection of dressy hats is the effectiveness of the semi- transparent brim. rhe colours of fruit, flowers or feathers placed above, glint through it, and thereby enhance the soft tones of the complexion. This is a far more becoming idea than that of arranging flowers beneath the brim, and resting on the hair. The Passing of the Ponch.—Many of the newest frocks are being built with tightly-fitting waists coming to a long stiffly-boned point in front. To the taffetas gowns. which we are holding in such high esteem just now, the mode is eminently suited, but unfortunately it needs a very perfect figure, which very few of us possess. Still we have pouched and flopped so long that reaction was bound to come, and there is very little doubt that the day of the" pouch" is over. But there are always compensations, and if we lose the pouch we may gain a pocket. A fashionable woman was heard to remark the other day that she had taken all her luggage for a week-end visit in her two sleeves and "pouch," and though this may rather over-estimate the accommo- dation provided in this way, we shall sorely miss the comforts of the pouch. The tailors, as if to make ud for the hard-heartedness of the fashionable dress- makers, are giving us quite a number of pockets in our new autumn coats, but then coats are only possible for outdoor wear. Tenderness of the Feet.—Dnring the holidays many people, especially those who walk little at any other season of the year, suffer front tenderness of the feet. To prevent this, they should be bathed twice daily—in the morning and at night—in lukewarm water, to which a little vinegar has been added. After drying the feet they should be dusted over with a mixture of boracic, and starch powder—two ounces of the starch to one of the boracic. Only easy. comfortable shoes should be worn at holiday times, and when purchasing footgear, it is well to give the best price our purse will permit us to go to. Cheap boots and shoes are even worse than cheap gloves; they never look well, and are seldom .really comfortable. - Second-hand Motors.—The number of second-hand motor cars being offered just now is amazing—so also is the tremendous reduction which is being made in the -price of them. No doubt many geeuine bargains are to be had, but in the generality of cases, there is some serious defect which renders the car dear at any price. Even though it may bear the name of one of the best makers, that is no guarantee that it is not a failure. The best firms, in the course of experiments occasionally turn out failures, and these are soon offered at a price that is reduced beyonrones wildest dreams. Only an expert should be trusted to select a second-hand motor, and even so it is hotter to get the makers to overhaul the car, before completing the purchase. Dirty Railway Trains.—The " bogey " just now seems I

to be the dangers arising from dirty trains. Numbers of people have been writing to the papers and advocat- ing the return to the wooden seats and backs of the third class "cattle truck" description, but probably the majority of us would prefer to run the risks said to be incurred by cushions, and the.. stuffs which cover them. If, however, the vast amount of talking and discussion in the papers which is going on at the moment, leads to the stirring up of the railway companies to devise some plan of occasionally disinfecting their "stuffed carriages" it will certainly have attained some useful purpose.

MADGE.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
SOMETHING DIFFERENT IN AFTER-DINNER SWEETS.

Something different in after-dinner sweets may be prepared tray after day by consulting Brown & Poison's recipe book "Summer Dishes? The recipes, which have been prepared by skilled cooks, are for such health- ful dishes as "Creamy Custard?' "Blanc-Mange Sponge," " Natural Fruit Jellies,"" Fruit Juice Sauces,"" Prune Jelly," and the celebrated " Brown & Poison Blanc- Mange," with full instructions in serving it with all kinds of stewed fruit. The basis of the recipes Is sweet milk.fruit, and Brown & Poison's "Patent" Corn Flour. The booklet is sent by return to all applicants sending id. stamp to Brown & Poison, Paisley. Write for it now—you may forget it to-morrow.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARY.

Hall-yearly Convention at Warrington. The half-yearly session of the No. 1 Convention, South-West Lanzashire, of the 1.0.G.T, was held in Ebenezer Church,Buttermarket street,on Sattirday. The session was opened by Bro. J. Oliver, District Chaplain, and representatives were present from Warrington, 141arlestown, Wigan, Hindlcy, Widnes, Leigh and St. Helens and a military brother was present from Bloem- fontein.

Bro. E. Newman C. Sec., (Earlestown), in his quar- terly report stated that the work during the past half year had not been as good as he would have liked it to be. There had been six deaths during the half-year, in- cluding Sister I3attersby P.C.V.T. and Bro. John darke of Earlestown who were both being buried that day. The statistical returns showed a decrease in membership. Some lodges were not meeting owing to the difficulty of getting members together during the summer months. He urged the members to rally and try and make the convention a success. In the report of the Convention Treasurer (Bro. J. Warburton) showed a balance in hand of £3 17s. 7d. Brother F. Merlin. C.E.S. (Warring- ton) in the electoral report complained of the lack of interest in this department and alluded to the Licensing Bill and to the stand made by Mr. Asquith, Mr. Lloyd George, Sir H. Campbell-Bannerman, Earl Spencer, and the Archbishop of Canterbury on the bill. Bro. J. Parr, C.C.T. (Leigh), in his report made a feeling reference to the many deaths in the Convention area. He urged the members not to be discouraged but work on in the fight. Sister Mrs. Woods, C.S.J.T. (Earlestown), reported a decrease in the juvenile branch, the only increase being in the "Path of Safety" Leigh. The reports were adopted on the motion of Bro. Punshon (St. Helens), seconded by Bro.-J. Sheath (Warrington.) Bro. Oliver gave a brief address OR the work of the Order and thanked the Convention for their reception of him that afternoon. Votes of condolence were orderedto be sent to Bro. G. Clarke (Earlestown), Sister Makin (St. Helens); Sister Lowe (Wigan), and the relatives of the late Sister Battersby and Bro. Batchelor (Leigh.) The election of officers was then proceeded with and resulted as follows :—C.C.T., Bro. .1. Parr (Leigh); C.Co., Bro. F. Merlin (Warrington) ; C.E:S., Bro. C. J. Sheath (Warrington) C.S.J.T. Sister Mrs. Woods (Earlestown) ; C.T. Bro. J. War- burton (Earlestown) ; C. Chaplain, Bro. P. Hulme (Leigh) ; C. Secretary', Bro. C. Newman (Earlestown); C.V.T., Sister A. Littlewood (Warrington) ; C. IVlar.. Bro. W. Rose (Earlestown) ; C.D.M., Sister E. Clarke (Widnes) ; C.X.S., Bro. Newcombe (Wigan); C. Guard, Bro. Morris (Leigh); C. Sentinel, Bro. Lewis (Widnes) ; C.P.C.T., Bro. Blundell (Hindley). The new offlcers were installed by Bro. Oliver, D. Ch. A well-attended open-air meeting was held after tea in conjunction with the Salvation Army, when addresses were delivered by several members of both organiza- tions.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE SCHOLARSHIPS.

Successful Students.

Cheshire County Council education scholarships have been awarded to the following students, and the Higher Education Committee has arranged for their admission to the Universities of Liverpool and Manchester. William Edwards, of Rydal Mount. Dukinfield ; Thom:l4 J. Dyke. Thomas-street, Crewe; Ruth Hope Jenkins, of Bucklow Hill; Lila B. Bibben. Berkeley Lodge, Altrineharn ; Thomas P. Higgins, the Vicarage, Congleton ; Elizabeth C. Powell, High-lane, Stockport; Caleb Davies, of Castle Northwich ; and Arthur J. Armileld, Lower Hatherlow, Stockport. The Higher Education Committee has also renewed for a second year the University scholarships held by the following :—E. L. Sturgess,Cambridge Universit) , R. E. Slade, Manchester University; Thomas Callan. Manchester; Ida M. Warrington, Alanchester ; Eva Mi Newton, Manchester ; J. F. Ashby, Liverpool ; Thomas Whitehead, Manchester; L. T. Agate, Manchester ; Frank Smith. Manchester ; and Gertrude Geiler, Man- chester. Third year scholarships have been granted to Philip Fothergill. Liverpool University; Thomas Evans, Liverpool ; Holden. Liverpool ; E. D. Apsimon, Liverpool; and Elsie Leicester, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHARMING WESTCOUNTRY. The GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY COMPANY have made important additions to the facilities for travel to

THE GRANDEUR OF THE ENGLISH

BRISTOL CHANNELS.

THE CHARMING HILLS AND VALLEYS

SOMERSET AND Doßsa-r.

Full particulars can be obtained free on application to The Superintendent of the Line, Great Western Railway, Paddington Station, London JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, August 20, 1904.

FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

The continuance of the hot weather ha,,, made the thinnest of muslin gowns absolutely necessary to one's . comfort for the heat has been quite tropiial. Fortunately for all lovers of pretty things, fashion had approved of the most diaphanous materials for this season's wear and there is, therefore, no lack of pretty patterns and exquisite colours to choose from and the prices are as reasonable as the materials are lovely, placing them within the reach of everyone. The sales proved a gold mine to those who had delayed their purchases and there was during the last two or three weeks quite a scramble for the cool 'linen and muslin frocks. The be which boasts a skirt already tucked and lace inserted ready for drawing into a waistband has been much sought after for the material for the bodice which is sold with the skirt can readily be run up into one or other of the simple, yet pretty, blouse bodices, for which paper patterns can be obtained cut to one's

===== 0002601_19040820_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
PRETTY TOILETTE.

measure. The girl who has a more or less extensive knowledge of practical dressmaking can, by investing in one or two of these robes, keep herself smartly gowned in an up-to-date style at a really small expense. One under- dress can be used for more than one toilette if desired, in this way reducing not only the cost of the gowns but the quantity of luggage one is forced to take from home. The gowns of to-day are so fussy that they take up a great deal of room and require careful packing with plenty of tissue paper in between the folds to ensure them arriving in good order.

A pretty toilette is given in my -first sketch and is, made of thin white chinese washable silk made in a smart style free from any exaggeration. The bodice has a deep yoke of lace finished by a ruche of lace while another ruche of the same kind completes the full frill which falls over the shoulders. The sleeves are very full and are drawn into a band of lace extending down the inner seam of the sleeve to the deep cuff, which it joins. The simple skirt has two full frills headed by gaugings and completed by the lace ruche. Nothing could be prettier or cooler than a frock of this description for a summer after- noon. Some people have found even the transparent lace collar band too warm, and we have the lace yoke cut in a slight V back and front finished by an inter - threaded narrow satin ribbr T le who are posses-

Pr% \ - / T • A.

,on. hosk .; • • .LC **4l no% / I‘o4is4l;rit \-,;7Tatlase 4 . • • •4' k 1

===== 0002601_19040820_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EVENING BLOUSE.

sed of plump, well-rounded throats will nnd this a most becoming style, but the lace collar should otherwise be selected as it conceals many deficiencies. There are some very pretty embroidered linen dresses made in a simple style, white worked with pale brown thread being most approved and chic. These frocks wash nicely and always look fresh, but as they cannot be worn with success more than twice in consequence of crushing easily they are only for the girl who has a very varied wardrobe. The charming blouse, depicted is for 'gummer evening wear, although it could be transformed into a mode suited for the afternoon by the addition of a lace yoke. It is made of soft pink crepe de chine which is arranged fichu wise round' the shoulders, a trimming of smart little pink satin bows decorating the front. The sleeves fall in a full pouf just to below the elbows where a deep frill of lace falls to the Wrists. The bodice pouches fully over a swathed band of satin ribbon. Crepe de chine is a material which has rendered itself beloved by reason of its artistic possibilities as there is no material I fancy which falls in softer folds and can be draped to perfection. In white it is washable with a little care and is therefore to be selected even before the chiffon blouse, which, though absolutely perfect for summer wear (especial" kola pleated)

A PRETTY HAT.

does not stand much wear as it soon loses its looks. There are one or two other materials which imitate chiffon wonderfully closely, but they in no case quite come up to the original fabric for softness and beauty. The pretty hat depicted is of fine tuscan straw trimmed with large cabbage roses and a band of pale blue satin ribbon round the crown. A lace scarf forms a fall at the back and a band which is passed under the chin and secured at the other side of the brim in the picturesque fashion which has so caught on this year. Sometimes lace is used for these ties or bands while others again em- ployed wide but very soft satin ribbon which is tied in a bow and the ends allowed to stream over the shoulders. The mushroom hat has become more fashionable of late as it shades the face so nicely. It is improved in every way from what it was half a century ago, and is now rendered .more becoming by a bandeau which raises it , and does' away with the flattened dowdy look which it originally possessed. In those days (so it looks to us) people did not consider the point as to whether or not their clothes were becoming but rested content with, the com- forting thought that they were costly. A, small close silk ruche forms the usual trim- ming to a 'mushroom hat although sometimes a wide bow is placed flat on the brim in front or a stiff wreath of tiny roses arranged round the crown.

COQUETTE.

;spi tally when accordi •. -.. N ...),< C . ' t , .. ~.... , t ‹.--1---.' r" -- ---- 1 17) ....::........„_..,...7-- / --- d;... • . '' / • ... I ',,, 1 '" C.'

===== 0002601_19040820_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyri.qht.l THE

FALL OF THE PHARISEE,

BY CLEMENTINA BLACK,

Author oi "The PrinC:ess Desiree,' 'Miss Falkland,"

An Ap;itato4''

&c,

A young man and a young woman were sitting tcgether in an old garden. They were keeping up no sustained conversation, but were each quietly and happily satisfied.in. the -company of the other.. "You know that Leo Stevens is at home again?" the girl said presently. "I know," the Young man answered briefly. "Letty was telling me about him. They hope he really will settle down this time." "T-hey have k,lped that a good many times, haven't they ?" She shot a lock at him, disturbed, uneasy, ques- tioning, almost appealing; but his eyes were on the path at their feet, and the look missed its aim. "I can't understand having much hope of a person like that, he said again, after a minute's uncom- fortable pause. "Can't you?" said the girl gently. It was she now whose eyes were turned away. Presently she added: "He has had a great deal against him." Her voice had the same infusion of appeal that had been just now in her glance. This time it reached him, and lie hardened before it, answering sharply: Of his own making, then. I think he has had everything for him, except his own conduct. I don't want to be setting up for an example, but What is"there in which he didn't start even with me? And why should not he do as well as I have done ? "

"You!" said the girl. Her tone meant clearly "I measure you by another standard," and the self-tormeriting instinct of a man in love caused her hearer to set the difference to his own disadvantage. As for her, like many another woman, she had a clear eye for the nature of any man for 'whom she cared nothing, and a ready fund of coquetry at his service; but in regard to James Southgate she was too much in earnesi, too much personally concerned; for the necessary detachment; nnd, while always considering his character, she was seldom observant of his feelings. The idea that he might feel jealous of Leo Stevens had never entered her mind, but her woman's susceptibility to an atmosphere of disapproval would have kept her frail speaking of him again. Not so James; his very uneasiness' brought him 1-_sck to the topic. "You have hope, then, of Leopold Stevens?" "Certainly. I should be sorry to despair of any- one at his age." . "A man who has never done any good till he is six-and-twenty is not very likely to begin then." "No man is ever likely to do much good who is never believed in." James muttered something about belief depending on facts, not uffon hopes. They sat silent, she thinking : "He is hard, intolerant, unmerciful. Could one bear to live beside a person with so little pity for faults?" ; he thinking that not even such a woman as Emily could resist the- charm of good looks and easy manners. Each a little discontented with the other, they went into the ugly, comfort able house; where Emily's uncle, emerging from behind his newspaper, said: "Ha! James, wing to give me a game of chess?" But James. usually attentive to every wish of Emily's netrest relative, professed to-night that he had no time. The sins of Leo Stevens were in his mind as he walked homewards. At school he remembered him idle, shifty, not unkind or ill- tempered, but perfectly. inconsiderate of anything beyond his own desires, involved always in scrapes, and finally in a strong suspicion of actual dis- honesty. After their school days Leo had gone to London as a medical student, and James—who would have liked to go to London too—stayed in Greysham at his father's brewery. After a year or two, Leo had come home under some shadow of unexplained disgrace. and the young men had been a good deal tllfown together. ,Greysham was little more than a village,, and the few families forming its sociay had long-standing links of amity; Leo's father and James's father, Leo's mother and James's mother, had been on friendly terms for five-and-twenty years; James himself began to feel for Leo some of the liking which comes of habit, and Leo cultivated carefully the liking of James. The return of Emily Westerall, who during these months was away, would, no doubt, have awakened James's self-distrustful jealousy, and ended the truce: but it was ended sooner, and by the act of Leo. They were walking home together one even- ing from Lillingbourne, the county town, of which Greysliam was fast becoming a suburb, when James recollected that he ought to have made a certain payment for his father, and had forgotten it. Said Leo gaily: "Oh, I'm going over early in the morning; I'll pay it for you." James, with many thanks, handed over to his .iompanion three five-pound notes, and explained that rue amount due was twelve pounds and some Going the next evening to Leo for the receipt and the change, he found the latter not forthcoming. "Oh, the fellow hadn't change," said Leo, "so I -aid I'd call for it when I went over to-morrow." James, a little annoyed, found himself Obliged to explain these circumstances to his father, and to :lear himself and Leo and the Lillingbourne trades- man blamed for unbusinesslike conduct. "I ought to have done my own business, and I'll eall for that change myself this afternoon." In the afternoon, during Mr. Southgate 's absence, in came Leo, pale and agitated, to confess that he 'lad had the money and had lost it at billiards. For the moment he was unable to repay it, and he entreated almost with tears that James would keep 'ifs secret and help him out of his difficulty—he was sure he would be able to pay the money in a 2ew days' time. It was for his father's sake, who had done so much for him, that he dreaded ex- posure. James finally promised to keep the story ;ecret, and to provide the missing amount. The father presently returned, full of perplexed and Angry suspicions. The tradesman had declared that the change had been given at once; lie had gone to Leo, and Leo had said that James bad it. Where was it, and what did it all mean? James handed out the money in silence. "When did Stevens give it you!" his father asked, still doubtful; and James unwillingly found himself driven to the equivocal reply: "Not till to-day." From that day he had never willingly exchanged a, word with Leo. For many weeks the shadow of .listrust lingered between himself and his father; and for years it remained disagreeable to him to meet the eye of the tradesman concerned. The money-had never been repaid. For a few weeks Leo told himself that he would pay it to-morrow; for a week more that he would pay it at a convenient opportunity; then he left off thinking about it, and by this time had probably succeeded in forgetting the whole incident. And now the scapegrace was home again, and Emily Westerall was ready to have hopes of him. James walked home ruminating this bitter fact. Emily, meanwhile, whose comprehension of Leo was a great deal fuller than his, was, for all her kindly desires, very little occupied with the problematic future of that young gentleman. To her Leo was important only as a touchstone of James; and it was always on James's account, and never on Leo's, that she regretfully considered and reconsidered that streak of uncharitableness.

It was perhaps an undefined dread of Leo which led James a few days later to speak plainly to Emily lf his own feelings and hopes. They were standing together In Mr. Westerall's garden and watching a glorious sunset. His hand quietly possessed itself of hers, and hers was not withdrawn. "Emily," said he, after a moment, "there is not much need to say it; you know I love you; you have known it a long time, and you haven't drawn hack."

Her hand hung in his quite willingly, but sh said nothing. "May I take it that you will trust me and that we may go on together?" "I—don't know." Emily murmured. "I —can't quite make up my mind." , Of course he demanded explanations, and . she stumblingly exposed her doubts of their being alike enough in their views—"the other day, for instance, when you spoke of Leo Stevens." James heard the name with an angry pang, which in a man quicker of speech might have produced an angry outburst and led to a clear explanation on both sides. As it was, he remained almost silent, went home presently disconsolate, having ben neither accepted nor refused, and left Emily telling herself that they could never make each other happy. By an extra touch of ill-luck, the retreating lover met, almost on the doorstep, Leo Stevens. evidently bound for Mr. Westerall's, adorned with a gay blossom in the front of his coat, and humming a cheerful air. The frown of James deepened. and he seized this excellent opportunity to torment himself by imagining conversations between Emily and his enemy. next afternoon that, being in the old established Westerall, its pro- pcLori eitnitntwoygra.bsosbtouaanrnnnkdte.l be standing vniednroy observed sheer passing d r3v,l, any just about to get into his dog-cart,and was at once invited to driv4 home with him- Presently, when they had exchanged the streets of the town for the sandy laner of the country, Mr. James Westerall began: "You know Leo Stevens ?'" James, of course, assented. "Well, I don't know what to do about him exactly. His father wants me to take him into the bank." "The hank !"

"He hasn't been very steady hitherto—we all know that." James was silent. "I have known his father a_ grteht many year.o

"That's 'what they all say," James thought. "And then, he doesn't seem. such a bad sort di young fellow, and he says he's going to turn over a new leaf—bin of course he say g that. Now, you have known lin a long time and a great deal better than I have. Do you think it would be safe—wise I don't say?" "I don't think well of him, certainly." "No, no; 1 suppose not, poor fellow; but one woulel be sorry to take away a chance of doing better. • And I have known his father t iese twenty years." The idea of having Leo established in Greysham was particularly dislileasing. to James. It was, how- ever, never very easy to him to find words, and the difficulty began at this moment to irritate him. "And yet I should not like to take anyone into She bank who Was not trustwo.thy." These words of doubt threw back James upon kindlier feelings towards Leo. But Mr. Westerall, luite blind to the workings of his companion's inind, fancied that his observations had carriEd more weight than he intended, and hastened to balance them by something on the other side. "Emily seems to wish it very much. It was her Tuggestion. YOu know how fond she is of Letty Stevens." For an instant wrath took possession of the soul of Tames. Leo supported by Emily's advocacy, kept at her side by her own choice! He broke out, in a voice half an octave deeper than his own: "Ilow dare he think of it? Why, he's a liar, and a swindler, and a cheat!" Then, his voice rising again to its own note, and his words pouring out in unwdnted rapidity, he told the tale, briefly, sharply, with clear and biting words. Mr. Westerall's comfortable, easy-going habits of thought were terribly disturbed. "It's—it's very sad," he murmured, and found nothing else to say. When their roads parted James, as he sprang down, asked: "Shall you take him into the bank?" and Mr. West.?rall answered: "I'd as soon take a viper. I'm much obliged to you for telling me." James winced a little at the thanks. An uncomfortable self-reproach began, before long; to stir in the recesses of his conscience, and he held it carefully back. For tw,) or three days he avoided the company of Emily and her uncle; a vague sense of guilt haunted even the thought of them. But at last he found himself again sitting at dinner in the familiar room, and experiencing the familiar sense of peace and ease that for him radiated from Emily. Presently Mr. Westerall said: "By the bye, James, have you heard anything of young Stevens?" "No," said James, and a sharp pang of self- reproach ran through him. He had been off his guard, and the lurking dragon of self-reproach had seized the opportunity to push .its head to the surface.

"You know he's in London?" the host proceeded. "No," answered the guest again. "Oh, yes; Jackson met him the other day. He seems to be going on quite in his old ways again. Actually wanted to borrow half-a-crown of Jackson." He paused and sipped his wine. James sat wait- ing in terror for the next words—and tDey came. "I am very much obliged to you for warning me against him. I should certainly have taken him into the bank, and what a terrible thing that would have been." _

James glanced across at Emily, and met her widoning gaze of pained surprise. He dropped his face. The remembrance of his broken promise came upon him like a flood. The rest of the dinner was a bad dream. Emily rose and went away, and at last the moment came when Mr. Westerall composed himself to slumber, and James was free to go after her. In the doorway of the drawing-room he paused, transfixed. Emily, the calm, the self-controlled, was sitting on a sofa, her face buried in the cushions, her whole person shaken by silent sobs. With the sensations of a criminal, James withdrew and went home to a sleepless fig ht He who had walked so surely, so proudly aware that he could never nourish an unjust thought or do an un- generous action, had fallen to a depth below injustice and ungenerosity ; he had broken his promise, and that out of no desire for mere truth, but for the sake of removing his on enemy. Out of his intense humiliation grew slowTy a perception of how hard a measure he had deaA to those who stumbled. Now he knew that, though he had fallen into a base and hateful action, he was not himself base. There were temptations and impulses of which ha had not been aware, and perhaps they might be stronger for others than 'or him. By degrees it became clear to him that in e ought to go and make confession to Leo; he drfw close this most displeasing thought, like a hair sl art. Next morning, as he walked with his father towards the brewery, he took the nem t step in his penance. - • "Mr. Westerall asked me the other day," he began abruptly, "about Leo Stevens; he was thinkiEg of takinir him into the bank."

"I think he might have known better. What did you say to him?" "I told him what I had promised never to tell anyone—how he cheated me about that change of yours three years ago. And now Mr. WeSterall won't have anything to do with him." "Well, of course not. I suppose that is what you expected." "I don't know what I expected. I was angry, and I said it in a minute without thinking. And now I don't know what to do. He has gone to London."

"I don't know what you mean, James. He has gone to London, we all know tint, and we may pretty well guess that he isn't doing much good there." "And if I had kept my promise he might have been here, and doing well." "Not he; he has never done well yet."

"t he 'might have done now. Ile has never had a very good chance." James said, and stopped short, surprised to find that excuse upon his lips. "I shall have to go to him," he presently went on. "Go to him! What for Don't, pray, go to seek the companionship of Leo Stevens." "I must try and set the thing right," "flight! It is right enough that Mr. Westerall should know the truth, and right enough that Stevens should bear the responsibility of his own acts." "I must go and try," said James. f Towards midday he found himself seeking, in a m streetean andt h a t dingy, for oo r his e country-bredabod eoLeo Stevens; and eyes singularly by-and-bye was admitted to an untiay sitting-room, where Leo, looking also untidy and uncared for, lounged on a shabby sofa. He turned his bead lazily at the opening of the door, then, with a sharp change from his listlessness to anger, sat upright, and said: " You " James ca.me.forward. Assuredly any sins of which he may have been guilty towards Leo received in that moment their full measure of punishment. "I have come-" he said, and stopped. "I wanted-" He stopped again. "Go on," said Leo. "I should like to know what you do want." The task of the repentant Pharisee grew hard, before him. He had come full of sympathetic warmth for the fellow sinner, burdened like himself with a knowledge of faultiness. But when he came face to face with Leo the old distrust, the ola antagonism. sprang up. He stood longing with the whore force of his soul to express himself, and knowing that he would be unable. "I came to see you because of Mr. Westerall," he said at last. _ .

"I should have thought," Leo retorted, "that you had done enough for me in that quarter. My affairs are no concern of Mr. Westerall's, I am happy to say." "No, but you know I told him—" "I know what you told him well enough," Leo interrupted, standing up and turning from him. "That's all right enough. You saintly people aren't bound to keep faith with sinners. And I might have robbed a safe or two, mightn't I? What is it to you if I starve? But I tell you what, I'll starve my own way, without you or any of the lot of you coming to spy on me." . "But I want you to come back, said James. "What do you mean?" "Come back to Greyshatn. It is not too late to do well yet. What are you—six-and-twenty?" The remembrance of his own words to Emily came across him: "A man who has done no good till he is six-and-twenty is not likely to begin then." He looked at Leo and felt them true. "Come back to Greysham ? Westerall won't take me now. You don't suppose I'll go back with this story known against me everywhere?" went criedto Leo, m "But .1 think Mr. Westerall would take vou e , p **With a sudden flash of hope. Then, relaxing, he shook his head hopelessly. "Let me try, at any rate. If it hadn't been for er, hpaop s y—Oilfl me you would have 'teen with him, doing well— perhaps." • Leo caught up the last hesitating clause. "1 should—l should! And now there's no chance for me; and that's your doing." James stood awkwardly, feeling, indeed, some pity, but also, and far more intensely, a powerful disinclination to have anything to do with Leo. He could not bring himself to say frankly: "It was my doing, and I ask your pardon," although that was precisely what he had come to London in order to say. He did manage to say: "But I hope you have a chance, and I'll do what I can to help you." Ile words sounded to himself horribly con- lescenclitig, but he could not contrive to make them more cordial. "Things have always been against mei* said Leo, dropping himself on the sofa once more. "It has always been Give a dog a bad flame.'" Ile hung bis arm over the sofa-end and laid his face upon it. James, who, under no conceivable circumstances. would have exhibited- such a mood of limp despair, stood gazing at him blankly. In a moment Leo lifted hii head and said: "I'll

Thm, indeed, James was moved. "That book in MaHinson's" was the book which Leo had been accused, at school, of taking from a companion's desk an selling, and James had never doubted the verdict of the school against him. Now be saw in a flash the suspected' lad's sense of wrong and injury—the feeling that endeavour ,was useless in the face Of a fixed prejudice. And he knew also —or felt at that moment as if he knew—that if he had believed in Leo, Leo would have stayed on in Greythait and worn the prejudice out. "Do you believe that?" Leo asked, watching him.

"I do," said James, and took Leo's limp hand into a firm grasp. It was the first time their hands had met since Leo had come to confess a wrong done to James, and each of them knew it was the first time.

On his return to Greysham between fivP and Si. o'clock, James made straight for Mr. Westerall's house. The first object upon which his eyes fell within the house door was an umbrella belonging to his father, and for a moment he had thoughts of turning back. But it is difficult to take flight from a respectful servant holding open a door, and he went in.

In the drawing-room he found the two seniors. Emily, and a ravaged tea-table. Fresh tea was brought in for him. and Emily, fixed to the duties of her post, cut-him to the heart by making polite conversation for him while' the elders talked- that gossip of business which passes with the outsider for serious. When Emily rose from her table she directed her attention rather pointedly to Mr. Southgate, and presently led him to look at some new products of her conservatory. James noted the avoidance of himself, and gave it a sigh, and then turned to her uncle.

"I wanted to sp—'eak to you, Mr.. Westerall, about Leo Stevens. I have been up to see him." "Have you?" said Mr. Westerall, with an air of great indifference. "It was only what I told you, was it not, that determined you?" Westerall seemed to hesitate, looked up and down as though to ask: "Why am I thus catechised?" and finally replied: "No, no; nothing else."

"Then will you forget that I said it? It was three years ago. I believe—l hope that he would do better now. I shall never forgive myself for having destroyed his last chance—and when I had promised." The last words dropped. He could scarcely bring himself to the acknowledgment. "What do you mean?" Mr. Westerall demanded. raising himself upright in his chair and turning with, solemn severity to confront the speaker. "Yell ask me, knowing what I know, to take that young vagabond into my bank! I am perfectly astonished—perfectly." "But I had no right to say it at all," James per- sisted. In his solemnity Mr. Westerall had spoken loudly and distinctly. Emily and Mr. Southgate, just within the conservatory, paused. "But you had a right—you had a duty!" Mr. Westerall cried, bringing down an emphatic hand on the arm of his chair. Mr. Southgate stepped forward into the room, and stood almost behind his son. Emily lingered in the doorway. "And so you mean to say you have been in London looking after that reprobate, and wanting to bring him back into my bank!" Mr. Westera,ll proceeded, in a tone of increasing anger. "I told you how it would be," said Mr. Southgate at his son's ear. "Did you eier hear such a thing?" Mr. Westerall demanded, turning from the son to the father. "Na right to tell me, indeed !'t James stood up: a blank despair came upon him, a mute indignation rendered all the more bitter by his perception that it was unavailing against the world and fate. He turned away in silence, and found himself face to face with Emily. Her eyes were shining, her whole face alight with unusual emotion. She took his hand and held it fast. For a moment she did not swak. Then, with the superior s6lf- command—by the superficial deemed duplicity—of woman, she recovered herself and said: "Come and look at my ferns." The two young people passed together into the conservatory, and Emily shut the door behind them, The two elders looked at each other and smiled. ”I suppose it was to please Emily," said the uncle. "I suppose it was," said the father. And perhaps they were right, although James woul4 have been of a different opinion. (THE END.]

===== 0002601_19040820_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRE AT A WARRINGTON WORKS. Wheelwright's Premises in Flames.

Damage to the extent of several hundreds of pounds was caused by a fire which occurred on the premises of Mr. James H. Heywood, wheelwright, Rose and Crown street on Wednesday morning. P.C. Rylatt and Mr. W. Russell, cab proprietor,wereyi Bridge street at 6.25 on Wednesday morning whrn they perceived a smell of burning material. Mr. Russell went into the yard of the Higher Seven Stars Inn and saw that an outbreak of fire had occurred on Mr. Heywood's premises. The constable immediately ran to the fire bell and rang it. The brigade turned out smartly with the steam fire engine Majorand a full complement of men in charge of Super- intendent Turner. On arrival they found a building 70ft long by 20ft %vide,with a corrugated iron roof in flames One portion of the building contained a stock of well seasoned timber fora wheelwright's business,whilst Immediately adjoining was a smith's shop and an engine room filled with pmchinery. In addition to two gas engines there were in the building a circular saw bench, boring machine, two drilling machines. an emery machine with a large amount of shafting and pulleys. Three or four hydrants were immediately got to work and these were augmented by three powerful jets from the steam fire engine. After one and a half hours' work the firemen succeeded in subduing the flames and saved the adjoining property, including a large workshop, which was fortunately separated from the scene of the fire by ' a party wall. Immediately behind an adjoining wall, a small joiner's shop in Mr. Bolton's brev%ery yard was practically gutted and the tools destroyed. Considerable trouble was experienced with a three inch gas main, the fire having burnt it off 41 the main side of the meter. Over an hour elapsed before the iron main could be reached and the escape of gas stopped. When the fire had been subdued two or three men were left on the premises to keep the smouldering d4bris in check. The damage, roughly estimated at several hundred pounds, is covered by insurance.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
MINISTER MUST KISS THE LADIES.

Rev. Job Urquhart, Glasgow, preaching at Highgate- road Baptist Chapel, London, on Sunday, denounced the present-day church methods and teaching. He could mention churches, he said, in which a congregation could not be obtained unless the minister kissed all the young ladies.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
KEARLEVRSREPUTMIOI •-• • • W I DOW4IYELCHI S •FrMALE-

Awarded Cerbllio.ite:of Alerit,for the cure of an irregulari- ar.mmla. and all Lamle compiaints. Ziey have lb' approval of the Medical Protessior,. Beware of Imitations, The only genuine and original are In White Paper Wrappers. Boxes Is lid and es 9d of all chemists, or by post, is.• and 2s. 10d. Makers, '3 and G Norm street• Weatrninster. (Note 0/bite Wrapper.] 3old ii the Coloale3

Bicycle'

have any idea of the full joys of Cycling. Catalogue and booklet Agents free. Premier Cycle Co° everywhere. Ltd.. Coventry. Rtiscolug : .B. ST. : W. OulattorT, 1\ MTH RD. WIDNFEI : P. W• C()( K, ALBERT RD „,r. Whinux6Tos J. I. GARLAND. BRIDGS

===== 0002601_19040820_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
sort the °tip But the kno,

===== 0002601_19040820_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
Into The the got -whe .ent(

Wit sery -wid( .acct

Mon to r cash Lieu intet

mit] the awai Hine whic

uous thirt mos. publ Char took two

struc Inte: remc Pari in t: he 1, to

Xanc: politi ,Senat natio

===== 0002601_19040820_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

THr\VAR IN THE FAR EAST.

Port Arthur has taken - the Japanese longer to capture than they originally , anticipated, but now it looks as though the great Russian fortress were on its last legs. General Stoessel has made a most gallrnt defence, but little by little the Japanese have been drawing the cordon closer with re- lentless persistence, regardless of cost in men, money and munitions. The capture of Wolf's Hill completed the ring round Port Arthur, and since then it has been raked by a fearful fire from all sides. In consequence the harbour became untenable, and a sortie of the fleet took place at the end of last week with the object of either getting clear away or joining Admiral Skrydloff's squadron at Vladivostock. Admiral Witgert led the sortie with the Tsarevitch, and with the help of the Retvisan endeavoured to draw the fire of the Japanese fleet, whilst the other battleships and fast cruisers got away. But Admiral Togo was ready for him, and the Russians were badly defeated and sadly knocked about. Six battleships and four cruisers left Port Arthur, and of them five battleships and one cruiser were driven back

GENERAL STOESSEL. ADMIRAL WITGERT. into the harbour in a crippled condition. The other battleship, the Tsarewitch, with the cruiser Diana and a torpedo-destroyer got away to the German port of Kiaochan, -where they will have to be dismantled for entering a neutral harbour. The Tsarevitch was practically disabled in the fight, her -engines being injured and her steering gear shot away, while she lost two hundred killed, including Admiral Witgert, who was blown to pieces, and sixty wounded. The Askold got to Woosung, but the whereabouts -of the Novik is uncertain. The Retshitelny got to Chifu, where she was dismantled by the Chinese, but shortly afterwards the Japanese entered the harbour and boarded her. A serious fight ensued, and in the end the Japanese towed her out. It is obvious that some misunderstanding has Occurred, as the Japanese action was a distinct breach of neutrality, and Germany and France have made strong representations to China, which in turn has made a grave protest to Japan.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RELEASE ON EX-LIEUTENANT WITTON.

The King's clemency in pardoning Lieut. "Wilton, who was serving a sentence of penal servitude for life at Portland, has created -widespread interest and has met with general acclamation. Few cases of-recent years have -mused such keen public sympathy, and it was felt that if justice required satisfaction at all by now all her claims had been paid in full. The case of Lieut. Witton was one of -the many arising out of the recent war in South Africa, but it was of all the most in- teresting, being shrouded in considerable mystery. The WITTON. young officer in question is an Australian who -went to the front in one of the Colonial -corps and was given a commission in the Bushveldt Carbineers. Three years ago, -whilst on service, the officers of the corps found the body of Captain Hunt, one of their most popular comrades, on the veldt mutilated and robbed. It was near Opelon- ker, near Pietersburg, and they swore to -avenge him. Capturing a Boer who was actually wearing some of Captain Hunt's -clothes and in possession of his water-bottle and other things, Lieuts. Morant and Han- cock had him shot and ordered other prisoners to be treated in the same way. This came to the ears of some other -prisoners under escort .of Lieut. Witton, who had protested against his superior officer's orders., and one of them went for him. In self-defence he shot him dead. As the result of a court-martial, Lieuts. Hancock and Morant were shot, Lieut. Witton sentenced to penal servitude for life, and Lieut. Picton cashiered. Now after serving three years Lieut. Wit ton has been released. When interviewed, he refused to pass any comments on his trial and the circumstances of the case.

A PROMINENT FRENCH STATESMAN. Few men can claim to have served their

country better than M. Waldeck- Rousseau, the late Premier of France, who passed away last week after a long and painful illness, which culminated in an operation, which he had not the strength to survive. M. Waldeck-Rousseau was, however, a comparatively young man, being under sixty years of age, but he had lived stren- uously. He took office at the early age of thirty-five, and since then he was always the most prominent figure in the French Re- public. He had only been a member of the Chamber of Deputies two years when he took office under Gambetta, and on his fall, two years later, M. Jules Ferry, in recon- structing, gave him the portfolio of the Interior. Meanwhile, M. Waldeck-Rousseau removed his legal practice from Rennes to Paris, and soon acquired a great reputation in the French capital. When not in office he was reputed to be making from it 2,000 to it 5,000 n year at the Bar, and he would acce• -der ten thousand

•-"," 4• I 1" f

===== 0002601_19040820_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTH-EAST LANARK ELECTIOW.

As the result of the bye-election in, North- East Lanark, another seat has been won by the Liberals, who converted a minority of 904 into a majority of 942. The vacancy was caused by the unfortunate death of Sir William Ratigan in a motor accident a few weeks ago, and the election was very keenly fought. The candidates were Provost Find- lay (Liberal), Mr. G. R. Touch (Unionist and Tariff Reformer), and Mr. J. R. Robert- son (Labour), and the poll was an exception- ally heavy one, 14,280 voters out of 18,922 registering their votes. The result was that the • Liberal and the Unionist candidates practically changed places in the number of their votes to within a few, whilst the Labour candidate showed an increase of a thousand. The Liberal candidate was sup- ported by the Irish and the temperance party, but a large proportion of the six thousand miners in the constituency plumped for Mr. Robertson. The new member, Mr.

sei , I* ;f : il'i 1:---"H-1 - k.., ----o - ---,-.--""ks-,' ~ `ti--) • -. .',\,_-,,,- : ( ----- •1 , --4-0,---z. ‘l/4. ::---,--_ I 4) q p 1,11./ '-'/ 1 7- k, • o r , .. v,k. 1,/,''''.// i ;/, is :' ....14,:b. ,(.... . , - 1 ,-' . . • ',!"%A.w, -.**w• '.:,4•W:4. "..,•::' ' ' , \ • ..- .. ;p. \................': .4/ ' A il i

===== 0002601_19040820_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
PROVOST FINDLAY.

Alexander Findlay, resides at Bellfield House, Motherwell, and was born at Irvine, Ayr- shire, in 1844. In early life he was appren- ticed to a pattern-maker, and then he emigrated to America, returning after five years• in the States. .He next spent some time in Glasgow prior to removing to Motherwell, and it was not till 1888 that he started business on his own account as Alexander Findlay and Co., manufacturing steel roofs, bridges, and .all structural ap- paratus. Four years ago it was turned , into a company under the managing directorship of Mr. Findlay, and it is now one of the greltest employers of labour in the neigh- bourhood. Mr. Colville, M.P. for North- East Lanark, from 1895 till his death in 1901, was one of the directors. Mr. Findlay. who has been connected with the Motherwell Burgh Commission for over twenty years, has been Provost since 1901.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BRITISH AMBASSADORSHIP AT PARIS.

The most desired of all diplomatic posi- tions—that of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the French Republic—is shortly to become vacant by the retirement of Sir Edmund Monson, who is now within three months of completing his 70th year. This, it may be stated, is not Si r Edmund's first resignation, for, thirty-nine years ago, after only nine years of diplomatic service, he re- signed his posi- tion as third Secretary t the Embassy in Hanover, in- tending to enter Mon a Parlia- liEntary career. However, h e was defeated at the poll whilst SIR EDMUND MONSON. standing fo r Reigate. He had already been a Fellow of All Souls Col- lege, Oxford, for seven years. He became examiner for Taylorian Scholarships, but in 1869 again determined to represent his country abroad, and accepted the position of Consul• in the Azores. Two years later he became Consul-General in Hungary, and soon afterwards was appointed Second Secre- tary to the Vienna Embassy. In the trou- blous times of 1876 he did special service in Dalmatia and Montenegro, with the result that • the C.B. was conferred upon him. He then represented Great Britain in Uru- guay, in the Argentine Republic, and in Paraguay up to 1884, and later in Denmark, Greece, Belgium and Austria, until in 1893, his important work in Paris began. Few readers may now remember the enterprising little society journal, " Echoes from the Clubs," which flourished some thirty-five years ago, but those who do ni iy know that Sir Edmund was one of the leading con. tributors.

, , \ T --,-- ~ . ~,,i,\ r t \.. ~,,,,.( ,H . , _ , , ''''fkAr= • it: ',,ir./ J ' _._ . thi,/

===== 0002601_19040820_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW CZAREVITCH,

Whole-hearted congratulations have been showered upon the Czar and Czarina of Russia by the birth of a son and heir. It is nearly ten years since the Czar was mar- ried to a Princess of Hesse, a niece of King Edward, and the superstitious Russian peasant, painfully impressed by the disaster which attended the Czar's coronation had begun lately to regard the Czarina as the hostile influence in Imperial fortunes. The four daughters who have been born to the Imperial House count for nothinc, in Russian eyes, and the familiar prophecy of the sorceress who told the Czar that he would be the father of six daughters in succession has been quoted with serious faith and mournful anticipations on each occasion of a daughter being born. With the possible ex- ception of the Grand Duke Michael, Hier- Presumptive to the thorne in default of a son being born t- Czar, there was

THE CZARINA.

probably no man or woman in Russia who did not openly regard the birth of each of these daughters, in 1895, 1897, 1899, and 1901, as a vast national misfortune. Great festivities have been taking place all over the Russian Empire in honour of the auspicious event. Two Imperial rescripts have been issued, one of the subject of the birth, and the other granting a pardon to prisoners. The Czar is said to have expressed his own personal desire that in humble recognition of this mercy of God all political prisoners should have their sentences much reduced. Twenty-two titles will be conferred on the little prince, and he will be the chief of a new order of nobility. Whatever, the future may have in store for Russia in the • contest with Japan there is no gainsaying the fact that the birth of a son to the Romanoff dynasty has come at a moment when a revolution was imminent, and when Royalty dare only be spoken of in whisper.

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS. '

PHILANTHROPY : "Yon look a broken-down man. Hard work dolt!" Seedy "No ; looking for work." _ _ _

"Do you sing to your baby to quiet him?" " Yes ; but sometimes I think he goes to sleep to quiet me." ABSENCE makes the heart grow .fonder. The

schoolboy loves his dear teache—r most during vaca- tion time.

SEE : "It requires money to get into society nowadays." He: " Yes ; and it requires brains to keep out of it."

"WHAT a dream of a bonnet she has on !" " Yes ; and to keep the balance even her husband wears a wide-awake."

CHAN G icn.—" They say her parents are common." "Not at all. But I understand they were so before they got their money." AMATEUR. PHOTOGRAPHY. —Daughter : "Where have Ister and George gone?" Father: "I've sent them into the dark room to develop their elect ions." _ _

- ITS FATE. —Wheeler : "Heavens! That bicycle brigade has been utterly destroyed!" Biker: " Horrors ! The enemy?" Wheeler: "No. Some fool started a discussion as to the best make." _ _ _

INDICATIONS OF IT.—Beth (near a hive, hearing the bees buzzing) : " Gracioul ! they must be making lots of honey, I should think, by their grinding." NOT A SUCCESS.—Bauer: "I understand that the speaker made a poor impression." Wheat: " Yes ; he spent five minutes clearing his threat and twenty minutes clearing the hail." HOPE —Brown: "Can the doctor cure your insomnia ?'' Jones: " Yes ; he thinks I'll soon be able to sleep it off." THE REASON WHY.--gg Why does that dog of Jackson's take such a delight in biting little children ?" "He was brought up on infant food, you know." MAMMA: "I'm surprised at you, Johnny !" Johnny (thoughtfully): "I wonder if you'll ever get used to me, mamma? You're always surprised at me."

"THE gentlemen that came to see papa said I was one of the most intelligent children they ever saw," said little Jack. "indeed," said the proud mothor. "Did you recite.' little Drops of Water' for them?" " No'm. I refused to.*

PATSY WHALEN (studying his lessen) : "Sir Isaac Newton discovered the great law of gravita- ten by an apple falling on his head." Whalen: "Satire, an it's a good t ing for science thot it wasn't a hod o' bricks, thin, or he'd never knowed phwat it was." MRS. SPRINGS: "How careful your little boy is of his health P My boy is constantly running out in all sorts of weather, witiout overcoat or overshoes, no matter what I say. How do you manage?" Mrs. Briggs: "When my boy catches cold I give him cod liver oil."

WALKER : "You know the saying, Let me make the songs of a nation and I don't care who makes its laws ?' " Fraser: "Yes. What about it?" Walker: "It ought to read, Let me make the laws of a natio' and I'll put in gaol half the folks who make its songs." MRS. BIRKS : "My husband did not like that tea you sent us last." Grocer (politely): "Did you like it. madam?" Mrs. Binks " Yes ; I liked it." Grocer (to clerk): "James, send Mrs. Ethics another Round of the same tea as she had last. Anything else, madam?" IN the early part of the Qqeen's reign a story was current that her Mak:sty once asked the Duke of Wellington what kind of boots he was in the habit of wearing. "People call them Wellingtons, ma'am," he answered. "How absurd !" Her Majesty . exclaimed. "Where, I should like to know, would they find a pair of Wellingtons?" i'lr.s. WORDSWITH : "It is always so humiliat- ing 10 a woman to discover that her husband is a coward, and I do declare, George, that you haven't the courage of a"-- Mr. Wordswith (sharply concluding the sentence) : "Mouse I" Mrs. Wordswith (forgetting the thread of her discourse in the agitation of the moment): " Where ? Oh, George, fAo protect me!" AN UNHAPPY Courm—Martha : "Helen and Harry act as though they were heartily sick of one another, and they haven't been married more than a year." Bertha: "Well, I don't wonder. Not long ago they took to reading the love letters they wrote when they were courting. "Of course after that, it was impossible for either to have much respect for the other." WLL ANOTHICR PROBLEM.--" They have now invented an electric key-hole," she said, pointedly. "An electric key-hole I" he repeated, in a puzzled tone. "Yes,". she answered, "an electric key- hole. When a man comes home late at night all he has to do is to touch a button and a light shines out, showing him exactly where the key-hole is." "I will admit," he said, thoughtfully, "that that solves one problem, but how is the man who comes home late at night to find the button?"

THEM RAPII3 TRANSIT. —Hand in hand they strolled in the quiet evening, happy in themselves and their surroundings. Suddenly the girl halted and said: "Percy, what is that?" Percy, without releasing her hand, stopped, and said: "Gladys darling, it's a snail." And so they wandered on for a sweet half-hour longer, when the maiden again said: Percy, look, there's another snail." Percy again bent his manly form, and looking up replied: "No, Glayds, 'tis the same snail." A CAT STOR.Y.—" My wife had a cat, and I hated him. "One night my wife went out to dinner, and when I eame home there was nobody in the house 'cept me and that oat. "My day had come I "I didn't do a thing but give him about a pound of prussic acid. When he was dead, I took him in the yard and buried him two feet deep. " When my wife came home I couldn't keep still, and, like a fool, up and told her. 'Tom was gone.' Well, there was no sleep for me that night. The next day the old woman cut up so rough I got scared, and, thinking to divert any possible sus- picion from myself, put an advertisement in the paper offering a big reward for Tom's return. This made a hit with the old lady." "Next day about one Hundred cats were brought to the house. As I would let the men in and tell my wife to go and take a look at the cats, I nearly laughed my- self to death thinking what a joke I had about that reward." Here my friend lapsed into melan- choly thought. I stirred him up by asking him how it ended. "How did it end? My wife iden- tified one of those cats as her Tom I"

A CURE FOR BALKING —I was riding along a mountain road in East Kentucky (writes a travel- ler), when I saw a mule running towards me with a singletree dangling at his heels. With great difficulty I got out ot his way. About a mile far- ther on I saw two front wheels and the waggon box. I looked round to see if the driver had been hurt; but, finding no one I drove on. In a few minutes I met a man walking rather quickly down the road. "Stranger," he asked, "did you see a mule down that road?" "Yes." "Did he hey a rag over his ear?" "I didn't see any." "Waal, it's all right. I reckon 'e'll stop when 'e gets flustered out, an' I reckon 'e's cured." "What is he cured of?" I asked. " Balkin'. You see, I heerd that a grasshopper put in th' ear o' a hoes or mule 'd cure 'im from balkin'. So I tied a rag over the critter's ear so it couldn't get out, cotched a grasshopper, put 'im in, an', stranger, it's the best remedy 1 ever seed. Th' mule didn't give me no time to get in th' waggon. I never seed a mule so sprightly. I reckon th' hopper's got out now, an' I'll go and cotch the mule.'

A-GOOD DoG.---Fair Customer: "I live in the suburbs, and I want, a good house-dog." Dealer: "Yes, mum." "But, of course, I don't want one that will keep us awake all night barking at nothing." "No, mum." "He must be big and strong and fierce, you know. "Yes, mum." "Yet as gentle as a lamb with us, you know." "Yes, mum." "And he must pounce on every tramp that comes along amj drive him off." "Yes, mum." But he mustn't interfere with any poor but honest man looking for work." "No, mum." "If a burglar comes prowling about at night the dog should make mincemeat of him in an instant." "Yes, mum." "But he mustn't attack a neighbour who drops in for an evening call." "No, mum." "And, of course, he mustn't molest people who come hurrying in at all hours of the night to call my husband. He's the doctor, you know." "No, mum. I see what you want. You want a thought-reader dog." "Yes. I sup- pose so." "Very sorry, mum, but I'm out of that kind of dog."

MOTOR CAR ON THE TOP OF A TREE. An automobile touring the Catskill Mountains became unmanageable on Monday, and running down a steep embankment, fell safely on the top of a huge apple-tree. The four passengers, who were uninjured, descended by a ladder. The tree was cut down,and the machine finally extricated. The New York correspon- dent of the" Daily Telegraph "wires the news.

a. r .10 retainer under . ......._ .o the ...-- t\----- -7/. ‘ - '•-. ' \ : `s, --- -• V))), , _ -., • ..-...„,.,,,•„, \ \\„.l\ \ \ , ~., \No- • , ~' ' r"-. '... 64 . t>.- • --1, .....--.... V /fr) . !,/. • .1 , t :-..../ ._,....... C.... i I d,4-F--' W I ./ • y. 1 ...s. 'I I ' I -z--: • - 1 - ‘---1 ....._ ...... , \ / .._....."*... • .-- • , ..1 . '------- It)) ' .:,,..:-.'• -, - . ... ..,,..vi,.,:ts,, ...„ , ~.. . ! % -----6. -•''', • -'.1„./.4.'%•,A.7.;,• -- . ; ,:•1;)4:'„•.'4.1,•a".,' . :',•.!.. , . --.._-----...6 ------ 4. -, r. •t57:4•,.•. • ' ••••>•------. -,.'.:,,V- Otottr,'s . , z---..„-z:- . - ~..,•,-•?-,-,/kV:.:),,,,'- - -0,...,T .4, .......-. '..; tOrik.... . • • * *:. (1 , .-# • ~.(••1„, ' ~- . ri ';,, .. . `‘,.k:7`;:i ‘ _:: ' ',I-7:-. •-•_ ...____ -jL'—''''''',. , ~.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE M. CiALDECK-ROUSSEAU.

tancs. In 1894 he again entered the political world upon his election to the Senate, and in 1899, at the time of the national crisis over the Dreyfus case, President Loubet and patriotism forced him to accept the Premiership. Never will it be forgotten in what a thoroughly masterly -way, he tackled the case which was causing little short of civil war throughout the coun- try, and to his policy of probity was due the second trial at Rennes. The Dreyfus .case settled, the great lawyer turned his attention to the other great French scandal, the Humbert case, and with equal Pluck he cleared up the whole fraud. But the most remarkable act of his administra- tion was the passing of the Law on Asso- Fations, which his successor, M. Combes, no carrying out so vigorously.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

THE most pleasant form of entertainment during Summer 1. is the Garden ParLy, with its charming amusements of Lawn Tennis, Croquet, Badminton, and Lawn Bowls, every requisite for which is made in its greatest perfection by the famous manuFacturers, OEO. G. flusszv (lc Co. A.sk local Sports Outfitters for their Catalogue. If not procurable, apply to 36 38 Queen Victoria st.. London. Factories— Peckham, London; and Blmswell, Suffolk.

WARRINGTON V. ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE.—At Arpley onSaturday. The visitors won easily. Score : ASEITON-UNDICR-LYNE. WARRINGTON. F. L. Eaton b Lynes 0 Lynes h Hewetson 6 G. Radcliffe b Lynes ... 16 W. H. Podmore run out 0 P. S. Kershaw b Lynes... 6 P. B Hawtin bHewetson 1 S. E. Eaton c Wight b J. W. Bibby not out Lynes 0 E. A. Connor b Bailey 4 R. Threlfall run out 8 T. Wright b Hewetson 2 N. S. Eaton not out B6 J. CAllon b Hewetson 5 H. Cook b Bibby R. Henshaw c Hampson Capt. Coke b Hewetson t. b Bibby ll E. E. Woods st Watson Hewetson not out ll b Bailey 0

Extras

Total (for 7 wkts) 174 Innings declared closed. _

G. Hampson b Bailey Extras..

Total

BOWLING ANALYSIS. ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. WARRINGTON. O. M. R. NV. O. M. R. W. Lynes l6 1 57 4 Bailey l4 6 17 4 A. Tbewlis 6 1 11 0 Hewetson ... 14 1 28 5 E. A.Connor ll 2 35 0 W.H. Podmore 3 1 8 0 T. Wright 3 2 3 0 J. W. Bibby 0. Harnpson

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE V. WARRINGTON (SECOND ELEVENS). At Ashton-under-Lyne on Saturday. Unfor- tunately the visitors made the journey minus several players, and the complement hdd to be made up by the introduction of a couple of substitutes. Score :

WARRINGTON. ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. T. Pierpoint b S. C. Nelson b Thompson 58 Smethurst J. Thompson c and b J son 8 Smethurst 45 C. H. Neale e Duck- W. Hind c Seale b worth h Thompson... 12 Poundsll A. Duckworth b Wilson 24 b Thompson 0 W. Benn e t t c S. J. Smethurst not out l5 Smethurst b J. Smet- A. Lee b Bennett burst 4 L. G. Poundall not out 1 C. D. Bromley b Wilson 21 H. Watkins c Wrigley b _

Wilson - .. 0 F. Plinston c Lee b Wilson R. Hayes b Wilson Snb. b J. Wright

i Sub. not out Extras

Extras ....

- 9

Total 166 Total (for 5 wkts)...llB SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. HAYDOCK LODGE.—At Haydock Lodge, and ended in a win for the home team by 13 runs. Score:—

I - HAYDOCK LODGE. WIRD MILLS. ; Hughes bR. Cook 2 Taylor b Kersop Kersop b Gleave 2 Clarke b Scott Waterhouse c 3 Hawthorn Hawthorn st Nicola b _

R. Cook . 10 Scott 3 Dr. A. C4Cobban hit wkt Brough b Kersop b Gleave John Cowe run out 7 ton b Scott lB Webb bR. Cooke _ _

Scott not out - 8 Nicols bR. Cook

Haddington c Evans b R. Scott 6 Cook . ... 4 Evans c Haddington b James Cowe b Cook Clough b Brough 0 R. Cook c Hughes b Kersop Bailey st Nicols b Scott 0 Gleave not out Extras

Extras

Total

Total 6O

IVIOORE AND DARESBURY V. WALKER'S BREWERY.— At Moore Park on Saturday and resulted in a draw. Score :

OORE AND DARESBURY. WALKER'S BREWERY.

G. Wright b Ashton l4 E. Allen not out 7 S. Taylor run out C. B. Allen bT. Allen IT. Foster c Lloyd b S. Taylor I Norman ' Rev. F. Clifton-Smith c W. Norman, c Kilshaw Ashton b Norman H. Taylor lbw b Norman 0 W. Ashton not out 22 C. L. Evans c&b Ashton 4 T. Allen c J.Smith b S J. Smith b T. Allen J. Knight bT. Allen 0 G. Newtons J. Lloyd, C. Kilshaw not out

R. Newsll bT. Alien 8 did not bit Extras 3 Extras

Total GOLBORNE-STREET BAPTIST V. MERSEY-STREET:— Played on Saturday. Score :

_ MERSEY-STREET. GOLBORNE-STREET. Rutter c Rabbit b Wood- W. Speakman b Rutter 5 head Hunter b Woodhead 4 A. Rabbit c Rutter b H. Cross c Rabbit b Hunter Speakman A. Woods (capt) lbw b Rutter Speakman P. Foy hit wkt l2 and b Rutter 0 C Cross c Rabbit b Massie 10 A. Ross b Rutter 5 Hockenhall not out ... 29 A. Moon c Mercer b

, J. Callan c Douglas b Rutter 1 Speakman ' 3 J. Blackshaw b Hunter 6 Holden b Woodhead 0 T. Robinson not out ... 1 Mercer cDouglasb Wood- A. Stirrup run out 0 bead Glynn b Woodhead 0 Hunter . 8

Extras

Extras

Total 95

Total 49

I" GUARDIAN " OFFICE V. Sr. MARY'S.—At Wilders- pool on Saturday. Score :- 1 ST. MARY'S. "GUARDIAN "OFFICE. P. Marron b Davies J. Corcoran b Burrell 0 H. Lilford b Henegan 2 J. Mannion b Burrell 3 J. Leech b McKay 0 .1. McKay b Burrell 3 C. Burrell b McKay... 4 R. Henegan b Davies 6 W. Kimberley b H. Brown b Burrell 3 Henegan 3 C. McDonald b Burrell ... 0 H. Sankey b McKay 4 G. Once not out 2 J. Gibson run out 7 F. Nichols run out 0 B. Foster run out 0 T. Commins b Burrell ... 0 G. Davies b McKay 0 W. Hynes b Burrell R. Drury not out 0 Extras 7 l2

Extras

Total 25 Total... 5l ST. PAUL'S V. STRETTON AND APPLETON.—PIayed on St. Paul's ground on Saturday. Score : STRETTON. sr. PAUL'S. G. Hatton run out 0 G. Dawson b Johnson 0 J. Jones c Ward b Foster 3 J. Ward c Jackson b A. Jones c Ward b Foster 7 Hatton A. Johnson b Lawless... 4 F. Gardner b Johnson 2 G. Knight b Forster l2 S. Mason not out A. Moorfieldb Lawless... 0 W. Lawless c Hatton b -

H. Austen b Forster C. Smith not out 1 J. Barker b Norbury... 12 T. Norbury c Gardner b J. Bate c Moorfield b Forster G. Waywell b Forster ... 0 T. Seed b Austen 5 W. Jackson c Seed b E. H. Mann b Jackson 3 Forster P. Parkes not out 4 Extras

Extras 3

Total WIDNES V. FRODSHAM.—At Widnes on Saturday. Score . •

FRODSIIAM. . WIDNES. C.E. Linaker b H.Callon 6 H. Metcalf b Hutch- S. Cross b Bown E.G. Hutchings c Met- F. Colquitt c & b Jea- calf b Laws 2l (cock T. J. Selby c Price b H.Callon b Hutchings 30 Liws 3 A. Callon c Gough b C. Gough b Laws R. K. Jeacock c Price b J. Callon c Gorst b Laws 0 Carter 34 P. Layton b Bown 11 Layton c& b 80wn... 8 J. Strickland b Carter 11 W. Carter c Colquitt b R. Laws c Selby b Laws 7 Carter{ 0 T. Gorst c Metcalf b Dutton st Gough b Laws 1 Selby 0 P. Hughes not out 0 T. Price not out 2 Le4hwood did not bat Extras

Total ......... SO Total (for 9 wkt5)...113

DIRECT FROM LEMONS.

"Amongst the necessities of' a household, as a wholesome beverage cannot be surPassed." Dr. Andrew Wilson.

CANIBRIOGE LEMONADE.

GOLD MEDAL Universal Cookery and Food E): h i bition, Royal Albert Hall, 1904.

51d. per Bottle. Leading Crocers.

CHIVERS &SONS, Ltd., Histon, Cambridge,

NORTHWICH v. GRAPPENUALL. —At Northwich on Saturday. Score : NORTH W IC El. GRAPPENHALL. •B. H. Doughty b Watson 7 F. Warburton b Burgess 9 I H. Cliff c Edwards b J. Burrows c H. H.

Watson 4 Hughes b Sadler- 5 H. H. Hughes b Watson 4 J. Pairson c Cliff b T. Sadler c Edwards b Burgess •_ . 6

Watson 0 W. Watson b Burgess 0 H. Orme run out ll J.Cartwright b Burgess 1 R. Hughes c Kaye b H. L. Kaye c Orme b Watson , • 0 Sadler J. Burgess inn out 1 J. Hobin b Cliff E. Holland run out 2 W. Edwards c H. H. •

E. Hughes c and b Hughes b Sadler 3 Watson 24 T. Knight c and b Cliff 0 F. Hughes b Warburton 3 G.Fairhurst c Dutton b

F. Dui-ton not out..

&Idler ll J. Kay not out Extras

Extras

Total GO Total 66 CROSFIELD'S v. PENKETH.—On the former's ground. Result: Crosflelds, 72 runs ; Penketh 19 runs.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. The following matches were played on Saturday : SANKEV. PENKETH. F. J. Jefferson l2 J. Bowyer l5 T. Unsworth J. Gouidea ll A. Woods l5 H. Hoaghton T. Sharks 15 W. Goulden l3 W. Foster ll J. Wareham l5 W. Unsworth J. Plumpton l4 H. Byer l5 A. IVlynekyme l5 A. Boyer J. E.Jefferson 8 F Swift l5 R. Beddard W. Longmore l5 A. Higham .158

Total

Total 132

Majority for Sankey, 26

FEARNHEAD. BROOKLANDS. J Spalth C. Roberts J. Andrews

J. Roberts Jos. Weston — l5 W Stevenson W. Andrews l5 W. Randles John Weston - 7 P. Croft _

T. Smith W. Bowering %V. Turner R. Mercer l5 J. Jackson 6

Total 178 Total . B4 Majority for Fearnhead, 94. CEMETERY. HORSE AND JOCKEY. J. Harrison G. Ball -

R. Rothwell l5 A. Scott T. Bolton l5 T Hackett T. Berry. . 15 A. Shelmerdine .... E. Taylor . l5 D. Daniels - _

W. Swanton l3 T. Wells J. Allison G. Holbrook l3 G Highain T. Ellison l5 .1. Holbrook ll __

H. Williams ll J. Bolton _ .

W. Hill l5 J. Hardman

Total 164

Total ......... 143

Majority for Cemetery, 21.

WARRINGTON JUNIOR CONSERVATIVE CLUE V. WAR- RINGTON CONSERVATIVE CLUB.—This interesting match took place at Orford-lane on Saturday, and the Juniors playing for all they were worth, ran out clever winners by 52 points. Thus they won the home and home fixture for the first time by eight points. Score : JUNIOR CLUB. SENIOR CLUB. S. D. S. D. T. Clayton R.tinight ll S. Caldwell J. T. Boardman NV. Daintith ill a J Billinge 0 H. Booth 2) lc W. Barnes ll 1 5 J. Hall 9l " T. Coombs ll W. Gibson J. Fillingham ill W. Strettle J. Sudlow lll , - J. P. Taylor 4 1 0 J. H. Dagnall H. Taylor . T. Smith J. Skelhorn - Councillor Wilson 10 1.1,1 G. Lilley H. Hayes T. Knox . R.Littlewood ... ... 11 li,H. P. Turner 9} 15 NV. Warburton .... ..... 9j " J. Hesketh ll Stan Thorley ll 1 ~ H. Barnes J. Atkinson ll f'" R. Critclaley

136 190

===== 0002601_19040820_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
108 164

ATHLETE "RUNDOWN." Splendid Tonic Effect of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

• "Run-down," worn out, short of bredb, fagged by the hot weather, with no appetite, tired Back and aching Head, is the state of those who need a Tonic. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are the finest Tonic ever discovered, because they Make New Blood. They improve the Appetite at once.

"I never knew illness until T was thirty-seven," said Mr. Temple Jones, once famous as Champion Jumper, "and that's two years ago. Then I had a very bad ex- perience. and it nearly killed me. The doctor said I had Pleurisy, with Inflammation of the Lungs. He was a clever man and did me good, but the complaint left me

===== 0002601_19040820_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
UTTERLY RUN DOWN.

I could not take food, and was so weak that I could hardly crawl. I had read of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People and tried them. "The result was simply marvellous. The pills (which are tonic, not purgative) began to take effect almost at once. I had only taken a few doses when the desire for food returned. My appetite daily improved, my strength returned, and I had still part of my first box left when I was completely built up again and able to follow my business as usual. Now I feel as well as ever I did.

"No speedier nor more striking cure than mine could possibly be desired." Mr. Jones, now living at the Recreation Tavern, Hobson-street, Bolton, gave these facts to the repre- sentative of the "Bolton Chronicle." His ease is like that of thousands, who, without being actually ill, have not strength enough for full health. It is new blood that gives strength, and Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People that make new blood, new appetite, new vigour. Dr. Williams' Medicine Co. have permission to refer to persons in all parts who recommend Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, not only as a Tonic, but also for the cure of Paralysis, Locomotor Ataxy, Rheumatism, Sciatica,and Kidney Disease; diseases arising from Impoverishment of the blood, Scrofula, Rickets, Chronic Erysipelas, Consumption of the Bowels and Lungs, Aniemia, Pale and Sallow Complexion, General Weakness, Loss of Appetite, Palpitations,Pains in the Back, Nervous Head- ache, Neuralgia, Early Decay, Ladies' Weaknesses, and Hysteria. These pills are genuine only with the fnll name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, andare sold by chemists, and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., at 2s. 9d. per box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d. Sufferers are invited to write to Dr. Williams' Correspondence Dept., 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, with description of symptoms. Particulars of cures and local testimony can always be supplied.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE'S EDUCATION BUDGET.

The Cheshire Education Committee have had laid before them a report in regard to the allocation of the funds available for higher education in the county for the year ending the 31st March next. The allocation of the amounts under the customs and excise duties, with the proceeds of a penny rate raised in the respective areas, will give the boroughs and districts the following sums :—Borough of Congleton, £372; Crewe, £1,611 : Dukinfield, £709; Hyde, £1,240; Macclesfield, £1,217; Stalybridge, £1,086: urban district of Wallasey, £2,624; Altrincham, Bowdon, and Hale districts, £1,524; Ashton and Stockport Union areas, £1,749; Bebington and Neston district, 41,350; Chester Union area, £850; Congleton Union areas £1,062; Hoylake and West Kirby district, £819: Knutsford and Wilmslow district, £943; Lymm district, £896; Macclesfield and Hayfield Union areas, £1,365 ; Nantwich Union area, £1,583; North- wich district, £1,624; Runcorn rural area, £1.195; Run- corn urban district, £620; Sale and Ashton-underr-Lyne district, £1,032; Winsford and Middlewich district, £BBB.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SNEEZING WITH PINS IN THE MOUTH.

The danger of the habit indulged in by ladies of dressing. while holding pins in their mouths was illus- trated m New York this week. Miss Rose Biggis seized with an irresistible desire to sneeze, swallowed two pins. A surgical operation was necessary, but the lady has died.

TRUSS.—New washable waterproof is the most suit- able for tropical climates ; it is light, clean, cool, com- fortable and durable; can be worn whilst bathing.— WHITE 8: WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument Maker, 93, Renshaw st., Liverpool.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
PASSIVE RESISTERS AT STOCKTON

HEATH.

Onen-air Meeting on the Square.

The Rev. J. S. Hughes and Mr. Law—two of the passive resisters whose watches were sold in the War- rington Market Place last weak, in consequence of ; their refusal to pay the Education rat* owing to their conscientious objection to support sectarian teaching in elementary schools—addressed an open-air meeting in Victoria Square,Stockton Heath on Monday evening. The Rev. H. Dunnico and the• Rev. J. F. Matthews were unable to be present. A large number of villagers and sympathisers gathered round and listened atten- tively to the reasons which the speakers advanced for the attitude they had taken up. Standing on a block of stone near the Police Station, the Rev. J. S. Hughes opened the proceedings with a few words of prayer, and then called upon Mi.. H. 'Law to.peak...

111. r. H.Law observed that they were there that night to utter their public protest against the Education Bill of 1902. It was an unjust measure and they were deter- mined to do all they could to get the law amended. (Hear, hear.) As passive resisters they were not usually disregardful of the claims of the law, but on the other hand they were prepared to do all they could to main- tain a good and righteous law.. (Hear, hear.) This particular Education Bill was an utter violation of one of the first principles of representative government—a violation of the principle that wherever you imposed taxation there should be corresponding representation. (Hear, hear.) The Government professed to have recog- nised this all important consideration but they had only provided that the public representatives on the Educa- tion authority should be one-third. The people's representatives were always in a minority. They might raise their voioes as often as they liked against anything proposed to be done on the Board but they were sure to be outvoted and he submitted it was an insult to any intelligent man to be asked to serve on any Board under such conditions. Another serious and unfair feature of the bill was that although the education of the children was provided for and the salaries of teachers paid out of the taxes of the people, there were 16,000 head-teaclaerships which were available only to men and women who were prepared to teach sectarian and doctrinal tenets. In these scheols it meant that the first consideration was not an educa- tional qualification but the one of being prepared to propagate denominational teaching in the schools. This was an injustice to the teaching profession and might lead some of those who applied for positions to stifle the voice of conscience and accept the conditions attached rather than run the risk of losing the place. Such conditions were sure to be prejudicial to the interests of the school. From a moral standpoint the teachers would lose in tone owing to the fact that they were teaching that which their consciences did not approve. There was another grave objection—in his opinion the most grievous—that was the appropriation of taxes for denominational teaching. (Hear, hear.) They were not there to run down any religi- ous denomination whatever. The Anglican and the Catholic had a perfect right to their I own convictions of truth. As Nonconformists they respected those convictions as sincerely and as devoutly as they claimed respect for their own convictions. (Hear, hear.) But these denominations had no right to put their hand in his pocket to make him pay for the teaching of that which he regarded as error. One could scarcely believe that in this 20th century, after all the struggles for freedom and religious liberty, any government would dare to rob them of so precious a heritage. Mr. Law proceeded to refer to the martyrdom of Latimerand Ridley at Oxford,l aad salad the Education Bill bore a striking resemblance to the narrow, bigoted, intolerant and coercive legisla- tion of Latimer's days. They were not there as anti- educationalists but they advocated the best education possible for the children and they were not unwilling to pay for it. They did not object to the education rate but to the sectarian portion of it. (Hear, hear). Over 20,000 resisters had had their goods distrained upon rather than pay this rate and 25 more had preferred to go to gaol rather than pay, amongst the number being the Rev. Thomas Chatnpness, a gentleman over 70 years of age and a true veteran of Nonconformity. Surely there must be something radically wrong about a bill when they found men mustering in their thousands against it. Their hope was that when an appeal was made to the country, they would have a House of Commons of a very different complexion to the present one, who would hasten to amend those features of the bill which violated the consciences of so many thousands of people of every religious persuasion. (Hear, hear). The Rev. J. S. Hughes said they did not deny that they were resisting the law of the land in orde- to make their protest against what they considered a monstrous Set of Parliament. If he could have had his way they would have had the sale of their precious watches in that parish and he believed they would have had an even larger gathering than they had that night. In relating his first appearance in a police court, Mr. Hughes said although he regarded himself as a respectable citizen, he received a summons to appear at the Petty Sessions. He could not say that they %ere very kindly received I in that court. In fact he was inclined to think that there was more coldness manifested than there ought to .have been, although there was one of the magistrates who undoubtedly had a friendly feeling towards them. A very different reception was given in a court at Hampstead to the Rev. Dr. Horton. He was permitted to speak and to give a very able and eloquent reason for the attitude that he had taken up. Although they had waited at Daresbury Sessions over an hour there came over the magistrates a strange zeal to save time. Next time he did not think they would ask permission to speak. Even a common criminal who pleaded guilty had a right to say ie word in self-defence, but the Daresbury magistrates did not accord to those who had never been in a police court before the common right given to a common criminal. In addition to the appearance in the Police Court, he had the bailiffs in his house for the first tune in his life. (Laughter.) He did not offer a mean sacrifice when he give the bailiff his watch for it was one that he greatly prized, inasmuch as it was given to him by his father when he entered college. He supposed it was bought in at the sale' for he had received it back since. He (Mr. Hughes) was the only one of the three passive resisters who had suffered disfranchisement. His name did not appear on the list of voters, but he intended to appear before the Revising Barrister and claim it. Dr. Massey, of Oxford. had stated that disfranchisement on the ground of unpaid poor-rate could only be carried out by tricky delay in the way of distraint. He (Mr. Hughes) ought to have been summoned six months ago. As passive resisters they took their stand because conscience compelled it. He had the honour to represent a denomination, one of whose vital principles was that religion must be voluntarily supported. It was con- trary to their deepest convictions and to their practice to recognise state interference in matters of religion. The addition to the education rate was distinctly for the purpose of paying for such religion in our day schools. (Hear, hear.) As long as the voluntary schools paid 2s. 6d. in the pound towards the maintenance of their work they had some sort of right to call them- selves voluntary schools. But when they did not pay a farthing, and called upon the citizen to pay the whole of the money, the schools could no longer be called voluntary schools. They became national schools and he desired that they should be truly national and know neither denomination, sect or party. Believing as he did in the non-intervention of the State with religion he could not pay a rate to support denominational teach- ing in schools. This question of the state control of religion was at the bottom of their objection, and he believed it would do much to hasten the time when they would have the disestablishment—and very likely the disendowraent of the church. They not only objected to the principle of state control but they objected to the kind of teaching in these sectarian schools. Even in schools in the neighbourhood where the masters must know that there are Baptist children in attendance they went through the catechism and the children were taught to say : "Who gave you that name ?—My God, father and my God-mother at my baptism." That was repeated although some of the children had never beenibaptised and although they never hadOod-fathers and God-mothers. It might be said that they had the conscience clause. But why should there ben conscience clause in a national school which belonged to the nation? (Hear, hear.) They did not want such patronage or privilege; they wanted equal rights, and equal rights they must have. This battle must be fought to the bitter end—or rather the blessed end—for it would be a blessed end for this country when they were delivered from sectarianism in the day school. The recent Educa- tion Act was grossly unjust towards Nonconformist teachers. It prevented Nonconformist teachers in day schools from attaining the positions of head-masters and head mistresses in no less than 8,000 schools. This disability was not because they were unable to teach, because :Nonconformist teachers were amongst the best teachers of the country, but because they would not sign the 39 articles of the Church of England or would not submit to religious tests. A teacher in a national school was a national servant, and a national servant ought to be free from all religious tests. Was it right that a Nonconformist who happened to secure a position in the school could never be anything but an assistant master? He contended that all the positions in our national schools ought to be open to all the young people without regard to their religion. Let them be promoted by merit and not barred by any religious test. (Hear, hear.) Since the universities had been thrown open to Nonconformists, the far greater number of senior wranglers had been Nonconformists. Religious tests had been removed by the constant struggle which Nonconformists of all sections had carried on, and the Nonconformists of the present day were going to continue this battle until all that was obnoxious, unjust, and contrary to the highest reason was swept out of this education act. (Hear, hear.) He appealed to those present to help • them in this great work. (Applause.) Mr. Law and Mr. Hughes invited questions, but none were asked.

In closing the meeting, Mr. Hughes said the only way to settle this question was by giving to the in- habitants of the district full control of the schools., (Hear, hear.) Referring to religious teaching in schools Mr. Hughes said he was in favour of the Bible being read but was against sectarian teaching:

===== 0002601_19040820_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
SKIN RUMOURS BLOOD HUMOURS

Speedily, Permanently and Economically Cured by Cuticura

===== 0002601_19040820_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
WHEN ALL ELSE FAILS

Complete External and Internal Treatment Price 4s. 9d.

In the treatment of' torturing, disfig- uring, itching, scaly, crusted, pimply, blotchy and scrofulous humours of the skin, scalp and blood, with oss of hair, Cuticura Soap, Ointment and Pills have been wonderfully successful. Even the most obstinate of constitutional hu- mours, such as bad blood, scrofula, in- herited and contagious humours, with loss of hair, glandular swellings, ulcer- ous patches in the throat and mouth, sore eyes, copper-coloured blotches, as well as boils, carbuncles, scurvy, sties, ulcers and sores arising from an impure condition of the blood, yield to the Cuticura Treatment, when all other remedies fail.

And greater still, if possible, is the wonderful record of cures of torturing, disfiguring humours among infants and children. The suffering which Cnticura Remedies have alleviated among the young, and the comfort they have af- forded worn-out and worried parents, have led to their adoption in countless homes as priceless curatives for the skin and blood. Infantile and birth hu- mours, milk crust, scalled head, eczema, rashes and every form of itching, scaly, pimply skin and scalp humours, with loss of hair, of infancy and childhood, are speedily, permanently and econom- ically cured when all other remedies suitable for children and even the best physicians, fail.

Sold throughout the world. Cutlours Resolvent, 2s. &I. On form of Chocolate Coated Pills. 'said. per vial of 60, Ointment, 2s. &Z., Soap, Is. Depots: London. £7 Charter- louse Sq.; Paris, 5 Rue de is Pais; Boston. 137 Columbus Aye. Potter Drug & Chem. Corp.. Sole Proprietors. ear Send for The Great Humour Cure."

===== 0002601_19040820_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRINGTON YOUTH'S DOWNFALL.

Robs His Employers and Proceeds to

Canada.

The story of a Warrington youth's downfall was prosaically told in the Warrington Borough Police Court on Saturday before Mr. Birettall and other magis- trates. George Allen Cooper, described as a book- keeper, appeared in the dock to answer a charge of stealing on May 17 and 19, a sum of money in cash amounting to £4O, the property of Messrs. Boydell Bros., tailors, Sankey-street, by whom he had been employed. He is 18 years of age, of respectable parents in residence at Stockton Heath. He appeared to feel his position acutely, and pleaded guilty in a low voice. Mr. Steel appeared on his behalf. _ -

Superintenaent Monaghan detailed the facts of the case. Cooper, he said, was formerly a book-keeper to Messrs. Boydell at their Warrington shop, occupying the position for some twelve months. On May 17th he was given about LIO in cheques and gold to take to Parr.s Bank. Two days later he was given a further sum of £23 to bank. It afterwards appeared that he merely banked the cheques, keeping the gold (Z 46 in his possession. He made an entry in the cash book as having paid in the whole amount. At the week end he gave his notice in. He received his wages on the Satur- day, but never turned up again, leaving Liverpool for Canada, in company with two other young men, on the Monday. He remained in Canada for a short time, but did not meet with the success he had expected, and, consequently returned home a few days ago. He went to Messrs. Boydell's Manchester office, and there made a full confession of everything. He was handed over to the Manchester police, who datained him until the arrival of a police officer from Warrington. He handed over a bank pass book which he took with him, the absence of which had caused considerable trouble to the firm. •

Mr. Bryan, Messrs. Boydell's head cashier, gave the results of his investigations into the accounts. He found that £46 in gold which the prisoner should have deposited in the bank had not been paid in. The prisoner confessed taking the money,but his employers could not pass over a matter like that. Mr. Steel, solicitor, in appealing for the mercy of the Court, said he did so at the request of the broken- hearted father and mother. He wished the task had been in other hands, as Coorer was once in his employ as clerk. He left to better himself at the St. Helens Cable Company's works, and had a very good written character given hini sthen he left there to go to Messrs. Boydell's. He was only 18 years of age, but appeared to have got under the influence of bad companions who unfortunately had led him astray. Two of these com- panions suggested that he might be able to get money to go to Canada with them, and, acting on the sudden impulse when he had such a large amount in his possession, he did rob his employers. The three young fellows left for Canada, hoping to make a fortune, but likeso many others they found out their mistake. When all the money was spent they were stranded. Cooper wrote pitiful letters home telling them how he had had to pawn part of his clothing for food, and that he and his companions were absolutely stranded. "Oh well," he continued, "God pays his debts without money, and here we are, in a dirt,.state, beggars, and God knows what we shall do." in a further letter, Cooper stated that he had decided to work his passage home to London,butt that he di,-I not know what he would do when he got there. He really did not think he would see the old home again. He read those extracts, Mr. Steel said, to show the state of mind the prisoner had got into, and the trials he had undergone urged on by the influence and sug- gestions of his bad companions.who had induced him to take this money and go with them to Canada. As an instance of how he telt the wrong he had done he might say that in one letter prisoner said" I have sinned greatly, and I don't know whether life is really worth living." Eventually he worked his passage to London, and, as he was again stranded in London, his parents sent him money to come home by train." He was sure their worships were kindly-hearted men, who had no desire to make a gaol bird of the prisoner if it could be avoided. His character was now practically gone,and making him a criminal in the proper sense would probably cause him to think it was no good try- ing to be better, and he would sink lower and lower in the social scale. He asked them to consider all the circumstances—the broken-hearted father and mother, prisoner's previous good character, the evil companions, , the temptation of having so much money in his hands, the trials and sufferings his folly had cost him, his re- turn home broken in mind and spirit, his free and full confession, and finally, his resolve to live an honourable life in the future. He thought they would feel that it was a case where they might show sympathy and be lenient. He would suggest, if he might, that they should sentence the prisoner to one day's imprisonment, and then he would not have to go to Strangeways and become a gaol bird. The magistrates had not power to deal with him under the First Offenders' Act, but he submitted it was a case in which the magistrates might show sympathy and leniency. The Chairman (Mr. Birchall) in giving the decision of the magistrates, said they felt the case could not be passed over so lightly as the prisoner's kind-hearted advocate had suggested. However, they would deal with it leniently and sentence prisoner to a month's imprisonment in the second class, which meant that his term would be without hard labour, and that he would I not be mixed up with the ordinary offenders.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
YEAR AFTER YEAR.

Who has not read the remarkable letters from working men and women which, day after day, and year after year, are being published inthis and thousands of other newspapers throughout the United Kingdom respecting the undoubted merits of Dr.Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa as a Food Beverage? _

"Yes," you say," I have read all about it, but I have not tried it." Then take our advice and do so at once. Vi-Cocoa is not an ordinary cocoa. It is not sickly and insipid like many of the foreign cocoas, but a pleasant beverage, and a food and tonic in the bargain. There is no cheaper or better article on the market. It is sold by all grocers and stores in 6d. packets and 9d. and is. 6d. tins; or you can try it absolutely free by writing (a post card will do) to Vi-Cocoa, Limited, ' GO' Buuhill Row, London, 8.C., for a dainty sample tin.

_

I,

..."- ~.... i . . I is It

i , 4(

I'4

. 4 I

t • 4

t !: A

--,,.. , ;,,‘ t ' '.:!' 1, : ~.! .. ,A '' .

.

. 4 1 . P,, . t 1, 1 ,' ; , ', i ': i

N

I

===== 0002601_19040820_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19040820_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
he "Count= times

rIP; .• WARRINGTON AND MID-CHRSHIRB liwirtNics." published every daturelt— morning. T.6am 6...4.1tt,R8T0W'N A ?ID NieWTON &CA MANND , _ pablisnel every Friday afternoon. r q Fil "ST. FIBLZI4B EXAMINSR,' published every L Friday afternoon. ..rva T?: „ Ruaconti gxkluNsiy,"! published every 4. Friday afternoon. T" " 'Vrtorrics Easr laga," published every Frktav afternoon. Prt to, Pk i n ADVF.RTI-SR:Vt MN T A.P kRTqw.NTS Vir A:ST 7.1) HOUSES WAN/ED IS.P A ETNICITS TO LET HOUSES TO 'NE 3OLD ikR rICL ES LOST MISCELL ANEW!! 0/ ANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ............ ...... Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Odi . 27 36 • 3d. ... 31. id. ... ss. Od. 54

===== 0002601_19040820_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
ES onte4tit Rperbant4, etr.

WANTE:n. a good GIANICRAL : age about 20.—App1y Mn. W. A. CHARNOCK, 17. Kenyon rd.. Wigan.

WANTRD, a YOUNG- womAn to rn4lce herself generally us.ful.--Apply DENT'S. 14', Sefton at., Sou hport.

WANTRn. a GIII,THRAL ; also Nurse Girl: Immt have good referPnces.—%polv Mrs Galma.Overcialp,Cllrh.rne.

WANTIII). lexplrienced 41451RRAL 8131tVANT ; vood vragen.—Applv 18. WINMARLEIGH 1%. Warrington.

NVANTED a good Glilifl3llAL. able to wash; fond of enilnren ; good wages.—Apply 20. CROSS BT.,Preston.

%JANTHO, RHSPHOTtRLBIGIRL.see 16.: fond of child- ' ren.-28, WILTON RD ..Ohorl ton-mm-Hardy,Mancheoter.

‘ll7 ANTED exoenenced GK N ERAL, strictly honest; able V to vrash.—Apply C. SHF.RIDA.N, 37 Wigan rd, }Hadley, tear Wig .n.

Nir ANTUD KETCH 14N M AID, un ier gooi cook; excellent character required.—Mrs. BALDWIN, Parr'. Wood, Dldsbury, Lanes.

VTANPHD Good COOK GIVISRAL. en 4 ef August : V some washing: good references.—Mrs. Comas,. West Hill. Rochdale.

WASTBD. experienced GBNHICAL ; able to cook ; family three; no washing; wages:E2o.—Address 10A, WASH lANE, Bury, Lanes.

NV/ANTED for September 14th. Young Country Girl as V GAN/MAL, for small family.—Apply Mrs. Bot.ToN. Ashton, Pr eston .

WANTED. GENERAL SERVANT; well accustorne3 to public business ; good references.—Apply Ror.sL HOTEL. Accrington.

AIVTBD GRIV•RAL ; avashtrlg ; plain cooking ; three in V family ; must be early riser.—Apply Mrs. OWEN, Heyes-lane, Timperiey.

WANTBD KITIHIOI SIAM, as•ist with housework part of morning; wages -210 to £l2.—Mrs. LIE, Heawood rhelforA, Cheshire.

tJJANTSD HOLIsIiM AID, Sept. 6 In small Preparatory 4chool. Also Under-rnald.—Ticatt.s. Novi, LAnc aster Road. Elrkdaie, Soutbport.

good Gl:Milt/IL SHUVA.NT, about 25; eight in family. No farm work.—hirt. TICICLE, New Hall, .cirisbriek, near Ormalcirk.

AvANTI4I3 eapsrieneed ; good plain cooking family three; good reterence.—Mrs. H., 1, Newton rd., Ashton-on-Ribble, Preston.

WANTED, GBNRRAL (strong clean OM tor doctor's house, small family.—Apply Mrs. 31mEs, 28. Hyde roao. Waterloo, Lirerpool.

WANTED. good COOK-GENSUAL for family three; £2O; two other maids kept.—Mrs. BlAessaLL, The 'Knoll, Thornhill, near Wigan.

WANTI4O HOUSBM %ID ; Churchwoman ; small family; pariourrnaid kept.—Address Mrs. Env/Arun, The Vicarage. Bangor, Borth Wales.

WANTED. for HOTELS. WAITER iSES, Cooks, Hi' ehen- maids, Housemaid-Waitresses, and 40 Generals, to ait.—MTS. PRESToN'S Registry. Blackpool.

WVANTHD HOUSEMAID for St.lybri•lge ; nest, end sone' workfr ; EIS ; references necestary.—ANMutw, " Ebudene." ' hompson Cross, Stalybridge.

WANTBD Servant, age about 30: tall • goo references : family of town—Apply by letter, Mrs. SHARP, Greenfield. Alexander Drive. Douglas.

WANTED KITCHRNMAI D. SINGLICHANDHD (age about 20) immediately; good bread maker; wages 18 —Lady SHARERLET. Somerford Park. Congleton

ARVID, young NURSE-HOUSHSIAID, In Angust ; must be strong and clean ; able to assist waahlng and lroning.—Apply 48, OREfiCKNT, Salford, Manchester.

WANulTrß.hiltdroenn,:se, HtwoomreeTpeortostbeleta, nsttrso.ng2sGlCtoNl33oßA. LnEio washing,—Bv letter. MATRON, Victoria Home, Formby.

WANTED AT ONCFC. SERVANT WOMAN for Farm- TV bouse ; no children ; references recintred.—Mrs. Pincusowns. Black Wes lane, Scallsbrick, Ormsklrk

mHS. tacit 1.) liequires superior n Rsit,V S, every capacity; good, reliable plaCes, town and country. Bata!). 24 years.—SRLECT REGI,TRY. Rusholine, Manchester.

A LL CLASSICS OF SBRVANTS ready from country or £ll. town public and private.—Call or write Miss H .11Fammes only office). 6,oldbam street. Manchester. Bstablisbed 1862.

COOK 4 WANTHD £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress l 8 to to £22. Generals £lB to EN. Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other office. —Write to HARRISON'S 6. Oldham street. Manchester.

BLitexpnor..—WANTED immediately. several GOOD SBRVANTS for hotels. boarding and private hous.s. schools dc.. good wages, state age, experience ac.—Mrs. npasi, 31, Talbot Rd.. Blaokpool.

ALL CLASSICS OF SITUATIONS, private and public good homes. excellent wages ; places In town.country and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street. Manchester.

QILK.—FuII Dress Length, handsome Silk, pleiged ; semi- -1.7 flee voucher Ss.—FRY, 66, J.ffrevs rd., Clapham.

EILICCITRIC Pocket lamps, powerful light, post free, _CA 11.6 d. ; agents wanted.—LAMß, Purbrook, Rants. -

10101 ATCHWORK.—Crazywork. 99 velvet pieces. le. 3d.; I_ postage free.—DEPT. S., 67 Mill Hill rd., Norwich.

BLOUSBS. Send ss. 6d. and get till hest black uweeris blouse on the market. MRSTHYR BLoUSE Co , Merthyr.

rpo INVECNT3RS.—laventions and Novelties required for Exploitation.—DENr, 65, Chancery Lane, London,W.C.

ri RA MCA R BODIRi, on Sa.Lll, make excellent out-houses J. for gardens. &c.—L. JAGGER, Jackson st., London rd., Mancbe.ter.

Ifotor ears,Qtpett, rte.

CYCLES, High Grade, no comparison for price, material finish ; lists free.—AunLYN. George et_ Heeford.

rilo Lia. Good Dwelling-house, 48, Parker street.—Applv 1. WooDs it BON, Solicitors, Warrington,

LBT.—HOUSB and SHOP, Parker et.—Apply WooDa A. AND tiON,olloltor., Horeemarket at., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
A: ante?).

CIOMPOSTTOR SEEKS WORK; abstainer.—LEECH. 177, Caversham rd.. Reading, Berkshire. - - - - WANTRO, M 1 DAIRY of Well-cooled HlLK.—Apply H. ATKINsorr, 60, Wheatinnd lane, leseortibe.

NRSTLIV3 Milk La%els, 3d. per dozen given ; cash by return —J. HEY. 14, Coleridge at., Blackburn.

OLBSKINS wanted. any qnsntlty. Send sample wt h lowest price. - Dxwan, 12 Waterloo at.. Glasgow. _ .

SUN LIGHT Or LIPRHUOY TOPS WANTRD ; 70. doz. Cash by return.—SMlTH'S BToRRa Dedham Rasex.

SUNLIGHT and Lifebuoy Wrappers Wanted. 14. 34. per 103 offered.—W. Minty, Clifton Stores, Rotherham.

_ ANTBD SUNLIGHT and LIFRBUOY WRAPPRRS. lid. per noz-n. G. Imam:Tß, 80 MI!! Rd-Cambridge.

NAT ANTRD.to ADOPT BABY (goo,' home); state prqsni um --s KruiDAL,4 Lyman. st.Higherßroughton,lirchester.

‘VANTIII3. Energetic AGENT. 3. with horse and cart, to sell Earlin's First-class Patent Puel.—Write SAGAL 15e, Bold Street. Accrington.

IvASTRD, LADIRR and GUNTLBMER. Business ability. £2 weekly.—Particulars, Sze., 2 it smps, R. PARRY. Ogivy. Usk it, Bargoed.

GI4TLRMAN. 25. Desires berth salesman (silversmith, leather. &c.). West lind Experience. MoJerate Salary. —P.. 146. Princes rd., Kennington.

-PUPIL TRACHBR required, on half terms; high-class 1 Girls' School ; music and other exams. ; languages great advantages.— CUMNOR COLLEGE. Kenilworth.

TNSITHANCH TBA.—Asents wanted everywhere; Ib. Tea 1 insures ICs. weekly Sick Pay. Splendid opening.: high prefits.—PRoVIDENT. 27 Greenway rd„ Taunton.

WANTBD, b 0 GOOD NAVVINS.—Goon hut accommoda- Mon.—Apply on tba job, JowETT BROS., Liverpool Corporatbn WP.terworks, Beeston Castle, and Delamere, Cheshire.

MO'arnodßaDbißeltVoßdßorDelip:llrß. ReSorStlifiTeUsttiTlVen Caeerf ulArdedliraebsi: J. H.. c/o Gerrard, 33, Downing Rd., Bo tie Stating wages

IDOARTNRFISH IP.— Smart young IL AN with funds required 1 by Liverpool Manufacturing and Commission firm. Good salary and cue third of profits. Applicants please state amount of money avallable.—H.taDY, 49, White- chapel, Liverpool.

WANTBD. viitb knowledge of finance. for Sal of first-class Government Securities. in London and provinces. Large commission. Splendid situation for capable men.—Write GENERAL PROVIDENT SOCIETY, 13 Paternoster row, B C.

COII3IISSION AGHNTS (competent) calling on power users. Wanted by an ()la and well-known firm for Mechanical Accessories in constant demand. State quali- fication and class of connection.—Box 500, Advertising Offices, 66, Lwlgate Hill, London.

WANTI , MEN. Young and Old, to write for our boo , "How to become an Electrical Engineer sent post tree. It tells how thousands gain better positions and salaries studying Electrical or Mechanical Engineering at Home by post; en lorsed by Thomas A. Edison and British Electricians.—Address ELECTRICAL ENGINEER INSTITUTE OF CORRESPoNDENCE INSTRUCTION, 413, Tern& le Chambers, Temple Avenue, London. B.C.

FURNITURE, PIANOS. STOCKS, &c.. BOUGHT FuR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT, OR ADVANuIiS 31AU1. HIGHBST PRICES GIVEN. NO OHARGR FOR INSPECTION. HARTLEY AND CO., 12, MOSS-STFHET, LIVERPOOL.

•

MSS AND LITTERS of every description mule to order 1,1 by N. R. LATHAM, Glass Decorator and Signmaker, 89, Renshaw st , Liverpool.

12XPRIIIHNORD male and Female NUUSHS et a L./ moment's notice for all cases.—Apply Nuumes lusTiru- TION, Hope House, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 257^ Royal. Telegraphic Address" Nurses."

JOHN WALKdit & CO

BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, &c., PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPHERS, BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, itc., EXAMINER OFFICE BE WSEF STREF'.. WARRINGTON

DELIVERY and ORDER BOOKS Printed Bound. Numbered. and Perforated to Order. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, PROGRAMMES FOR DANCES. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS.

PRINTBRS. LITHOGRAPHERS, BOOKBINDBRS. PAPER RUMOR, ecc., Estimates given for all kinds of work.

JOHN WALKER & CO. EXAMINER OFFICE,

The address MR. BALFOUR'S delivered at Carn- METAPHYSICS. bridge onWednesday by the Prime 111inis ter will not be found very easy reading. Mr. BALFOUR is believed by his admirers to wield a light pen. There is, indeed, an apparent lightness about his style; it his meanings are usually so elusive that, as in this instance, what he writes makes uncommonly heavy reading. Sir WALTER SCOTT once asked for something craggy to break his mind upon. He might have found it in Mr. BALFOUR'S address to the British Association had he now been alive. C ,nfessing that he is no great hand at physics, the Prime Minister betakes himself to metaphysics. His discourse is entitled " R9flections on the New Theory of Hatter." What is the new theory of matter It is something that is as yet in a rather incohate condition, like Mr. FALFOUR'S views on the subject of Free Trade. The discovery of radium and of radio-activity have ma le it necessary to bring under review for purposes of revision almost every, established theory of the universe. The atom has lost the respect formerly paid t( it. The discovery is now made that it is not the unit of matter ; that it is not a thing in itself ; that, in fact, it is a system of electrical monads, whi•3h may he only a modification of the universally pervading ether. It is on reflections suggested by the new discoveries that Mr. BALFOUR'S mind has been at work while his col- leagues have been ernWoyad on the Licensing Bill and the preparation of schemes for the coercion of Wales.

In the early portion of bib address Mr. BALFOUR corrects what he calls a linguistic error. He , corrects the view that it is a knowledge of Nature's laws that we are seeking when we investigate !Nature's ;corks. What we are really in search of is somethiug on which to frame a conception of the physi4l universe in its inner reality. Now, of late years the scientific conception of what is real has been quite phenomenally changed. We have been living among illusions, he observes. Even the methods of investigation have had to be changed. It has been commonly believed that he who would search out the secrets of Nature must humbly wait on experience. Bat, says Mr. tBALFOUR, that is only partly true. "Now and again," he goes on to say, "it happens that observation and experiment are not treated as guides to be meekly followed, but as witnesses to be broken doWn in cross-examination." Whether or not he approves of this new method of scientific inquiry,which seems a little violent and unsafe, is not wholly clear. Toe address is full of all manner of if ifs." "If the dust beneath our feet be indeed compounded of innumerable systems." "If gross matter be a grouping of atoms, and if atoms be a system of electrical monads, what" ---and so on. Mr. BALFOUR'S questionings, like the farmer's claret, get us "no forrarder." Some of those who read his address will be shocked to find him disrespectfully of the law of Gravitation, callingp mind, perhaps, the long familiar but not s eak in entirely tgoaccurate lines :

- The very law that moulds a tear, And bids it trickle from its source— That law preserves the earth a sphere, And guides the planets in their course. "Gravitation," t i says Mr. BALFOUR, "is trifling in npath the attractions and repulsions h which i o l'il we are familiar bbtween electrically- cw 3rsiacoh charged bodies." If the Prime Minister has a settled scientific conviction it is, evidently, that electricity is the basis of all things, the inner reality of the universe. The speculations of the Cambridge address have no very remote likeness to those of Novella and the earlier mystics. Do we live in a real world? Are we ourselves realitie,i? Or is the whole universe merely an arpearance ? By the new

theory as to matter, says Mr. BALFOUR, "matter is not ynerely explained, but explained away." Then he pledges himself to come to the point to which he desires to call attention. It is something "not to be sought in the great divergence between matter as conceived by the physicist and matter as the ordinary man supposes himself to know it, between matter as it is perceived and matter as it really is, but to the fact that the first of these two vite inconsistent views is wholly based on the second. We claim:to found all our scientific opinions on experience; and the exper- ience on which we found our theories of the physicals univerise is our sense-perception of that universe. That is experience and in this region of belief there is no other. Yet the conclusions which thus profess to be entirely founded upon experience are to all appearance fundamentally opposed to it; our knowledge of reality is based upon allusion, and the very conceptions we , use in describing it to others, or in think- ing of it ourselves, are abstracted from anthro- pomorphic fancies, which science forbids us to believe an 4 Nature compels us to employ." It is not a very lucid point when we do arrive at it. Mr. BALFOUR, to tell the truth, has , not made things quite clear to himself. He rather fears that he may have compressed his cm-Isidore- ' tions "beyond the limits of intelligibility." Many readers of the address will certainly be of that opinion. But, after all, Mr. BALFOUR'S real object was merely to throw out a few suggestions to minds more vaguely speculative than most of those which attend the meetings of the British Associa- tion. Tne view that he wished to bring out above all others, no doubt, is that which is contained in his last sentence—that as natural science grows it leans more, not less,upon an idealistic interpreta- tion of the universe, Mr. DISRAELI said at a British Association meeting many years ago : "As for me,l am on the side of the angels." S, is Mr. BALFOUR.

The Cobden Club THE CHAMBERLAIN continues to expose PROPAGANDA. the extraordinary

misstatements of Mr. CHAMBERLAIN ; but without effect SO far as concerns their withdrawal. The leading protagonist of the "raging, tearing propaganda" never, of course, made the mistake of supposing that his arguments could not be answered. Ttiey have all been answered by himself in anticinatiot. His speeches were at the best period of his life a com- plete statement of the case for Free Trade, which he considered to be impregnable. It is more the political exigencies of the day, it is probable, than a discovery of previous errors, which have led the former Secretary for the Colonies to open out his guns on he Cobdenisrn that he formerly admired and defended. Obviously he knows the nature and the fallibility of his present contentions too well to be led into defend. ing them, otherwise than by the weapon of ridicule, against those who are thoroughly acquainted with the history and effects of Free Trade. The single attempt that has been made to reply to the Cobden Club exposure, which was published some months since, has been the production of a passage from the late AUGUSTUS MOMGREDIEN, with the purpose of showing that the country was prosperous at the time of the rspeal of the C )rn Laws. If Mr. MONGREDIEN had said anything of this kind he would merely have been the less reliable historian. He would not have altered the facts, which were that the pool* were ill paid, that they were poorly employed, aiia that they wanted bread.

But though the truth as stated by the Cobden Club does not ernbarass or hinder Mr. CHAMBER- LAIN, it is, under present circumstances, of great interest and importance to the public. The latest manifesto issued by this body deals with the recent speech at Welbsck Abbey—the speech in which our neo-Protectionist promised the farm labourer 41d. a week if he would vote for Protectionist candidates. The Chamberlain contention is that the country generally is in a bad way, and that the decrease of the population in the country dis- tricts is a consequence of destitution and misery produced by Free Trade. Admitting that there are fewer men on the farms, the Cobden Club proceeds to shsw why this is and must be the case. Thera is, to begin with, the extensive use of agricultural machinery. A mowing-machine does the work of several mowers, a reaping-machine the work of a still larger num- ber of men working with sickles. Tie labourers have not remained on the farms because the work which they formerly did is now done by more rapid and economical means. But has the country suffered in consequence? Have the labourers themselves suffered The Cobden Club has no difficulty in showing ttqat the labourers have not been so much driven from the land as drawo to the towns. They have croTded into the centres of population because ia these they have found a more suffi.ling life, with higher wages, more abundant food, and a larger freedom. The exodus from the country to the towns is not a sign of national decadence,as Mr. CHAMBERLAIN pretends, but a sign, and a consequence, of national prosperity. Nothing could be further from the fact, says the Cobden Club manifesto, than Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S statement at Welbeck that the labourers were driven from the land by Free Trade, a consequerit fall in prices, and the want of employment. They left voluntarily, and with the conseqoence that there was not only an improvement in their own condition, but also in that of those who remained on the land. Farm wages rose considerably. "Both the labourers who went aud the labourers who remained had the double advantage of higher money wages and greatly reduc3d prices of food and clothing." Mr. CHAMBERLAIN says that the agricultural labourer had suffered by Cobdenistn. What is the truth? Wages have increased by 50 per cent.. since 1850, and 20 per cent. since 1870. Meantime, the essential articles of diet have fallen in price by 59 per cent. Tne labouring man is, in fact, twice as well off to-day as he was fifty years ago. "So far, then," says the Cobden Club manifesto," from Free Trade bringing disaster to labourers of any class, it has brought far cheaper food, higher money wages, and fuller employment, to a population enormously increased during the last sixty years, and it has done so to a degree which was never hoped for or predicted by its great authors." Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S next re-opening of his campaign will take place at Luton on October sth. He will then have had time to consider and digest this statement of fact; but as it does not admit of refutation he will pro- bably ignore it, according to his custom.

A new Labour party has sprung up in War- rington, i.e, the Conservative Labour party, and for which we venture to prophesy a very short existence. There is only room for one kind of

Labour party, and that is the Labour party Pore and simple. A qualified variety such as a Corm ervative Labour party won't stand. the ghost of a chance in these trouhlous tunes In fact wa are at a loss to 880 what it can find t.° do—for Labour. There may be a wild hope 111 the breasts of its promoters that it will act as. counter-blast to any Liberal Labour alliances wine' may be in the air, but they will never persuade workingmen that their aim is really the uplift.ing of labour. Why the very title of the organizatino is farcical, and when it is sponsored by the Co° servative Association openly and shamelessly the level-headed Labour man must be moved to mirth.

Mr. R Pierpoint, M.P., is again coLeerned for Cyprus. In the House of Commons on Saturdsh Sir Albert Rollia cruelly suggested that the island was a burden to this country—an aspersion which Mr. Pierpoint promptly resented, BO followed up with a dissertation on what Cyprus Is and might be. He was waxing really eloquent on his pet theme when the Speaker ruled him out 0f order. Alas! When will Mr. Pierpoiut have ail opportunity of fully airing the grievances of the distressed Cypriotes? His Parliamentary efforts) seem doomed to be nipped in the bud by sa unsympathetic Speaker. Generally, when ea M.P. fails to get a fair hearing in the 110115e' he comes home to his constituency like a child to its mother, and relates the story there. Why does not " our " member returr% to Warrington, engage Parr Hall, and te' us all about Cyprus. It would be a change frolll fiscalitis, the little loaf, and the big bung. Refer- ence books are not very generous in their deall3ga with the Mediterranean island, but sufficient cell Ibe gleaned to learn that Cyprus has had a verY chequered career. She has revolted and heel subjected innumerable times since the days Atnasis, Ptolemy and Alexander the Great, iv° all had a finger in the Cypriote pie. She has bee.n seized by the Arabs, the English and the Turks la more recent centuries, and finally handed over bY the latter to England in 1878. Since then there, have been droughts, ravages by locusts, and seve.ro Lord High Commissioners. Would Mr. Pierpoul like to spirt the latter title we wonder. If so is Warrington's boundm duty to release him fr.oca the encumbrance of Parliamentary representation, with the fervent hope that in Cyprus at any rate his w irth would be appreciated at its full value.

The Borough Treasurer has this week issued !il5 annual abstract of the accounts of the Corporatioa and the volume comprises 212 pages of closelY printed matter. It is hardly conceivable that th,l most zealous member of our Corporation 77,1' study every page, but it is always interesting know how the ratepayers' money has been 801,13..., and a good deal of information can be obtained 1" this connection by even a superficial glance at the pages of the Borough Treasurer's abstract. Pe aggregate balance sheet puts before the reader al a concrete form the financial position of thet Borough. Our indebtedness still grows and is 1.59 approaching one and a quarter millions sterling: The exact figure on the 31st of March wa. £1,208,761 15s. 2d. There are, of course, sore° valuable properties and assets to show for this expenditure, and taking the given, they they total up to £1,577,513 9s. Zr This gives a camfortable margin of over 350,vui on the right side. The four industrial concerneL the Corporation—gas works,water works,electrielki and tramway undertakings—are placed in th.: assets as being worth over a million sterling. Thi"., is a good round sum and a skilled accountSav would probably have little difficulty in showlad that the market value of the undertaKings, jedgeid by their remunerative capacity is considerebu below this estimate, and that the figures give° are altogether too round. The electricity and tranli ways undertakings are still in the experimentil.s stage, but with careful management tnere reason to believe that they will prove sound inve.su ments. When it is understood that over a redll°n; sterling is at stake, there is no reason to iraPT upon the members of the Corporation the need for the exercise of the best business qualities they 11"" endowed with.

Councillor Maginn at the Council meeting 15,,,5„,t week stated that the cost to the ratepayers of trading inquiry was between f:600 and £7OO, Thig is, we are informed, a serious exaggeration, and es it is calculated to give an impression that there has been a waste of both time and money we aid glad to be able to furnish accurate figures of tbe cost up to date. A computation has been made officially this week and the total amounts to s little over £355, only half what Councillor Magi estimated. This appears to us a very reason' outlay for what will, by the time the inquiry. is closed, be a full twelve months' investigatioo covering seven years of trading.

A report in another column of the work at the Children's Summer Camp will make interestin,g reading, not only for subscribers to this adinirahlee project,but for Warrington people ger_erally. first season at the new permanent camp near Pros; tatyn has been completed, and altogether 260 h 0570 and 72 girls from the poorest parts of the tow.o have been offorded an opportunity of camping 1130 this charming and health-giving locality, with !as sea—" the beautiful bounding, beastly old seai' 0 Barry says—right at their feet. We have it ed, the authority of Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins, the won energetic hon. secretAry, that about a third these youngsters had never seen the sea befor7 To them, therefote, the experience was fruitful °I pleasures which we, who go down to the sea setr,3„ times a year, cannot adequately comprehend. 1"; benefit which the children thus derive in the sciir of physical health and animal spirits are incalotl; able, and the scheme should eventually considerable influence on the unsatisfacto% general health of the town. This year's canlP !is only a modest beginning, but a more auspiolo:o start in a permanent situation could hardly hs,h'e been desired. Very much indeed is due to hon. secretary Mr. Jenkins, the hon treasurer Aii9 A. H. Leigh and his wife, and the other offici% and helpers. They have worked hard fih.t. enthusiastically, and probably the success of 001,01 efforts is their happiest reward. The subscribe,,, also are to be cordially thanked. May they c?; tinually increase! Lady Greenall, it is gratifllllro to know, is taking a k3en interest in the Childooo Camp, and much is hoped from her enthuslas for the scheme. With regard to the health of the town, 0 cillor Stott has been indulging in a public critlc:l9o of the Town Council's apathy. At a meeting °t Sunday evening he made out a strong indintruen,'s based on the recently-issued Medical Officerhe report. There is certainly a good deal which it'io Council and its responsible committees have undone. The paving of streets and back-passabis is terribly behindhand, and until this difficulty )0 faced with determination, there can be little h°l)f of any permanent improvement in the health the town. The crux of the problem her, here, and we exhort the Paving and Sov:3ot age Committee to so bestir themselves t.oad there will be a reasonable hope of these neglerav thoroughfares being made clean and sanitary. have a huge task and it calls for wider and ni°l;o energetic measures than have been put forth in 0 past. We believe the Education Committee 10 be relied upon to improve both the extent and nature of the school accommodation as rapidlY.t- is within the bounds of reasonable possibill,Y; Such details as the provision of breakfasts for tuir unfed little ones who are sent to school, and dry medical supervision could follow later, but should certainly be seriously considered. Clio cillor Stott is taking a part which does him ofebio as a workingman representative, and we hope a.be efforts in this direction will result in the lot of d poor man's family being made healthier ah happier.

te The problem of how successfully to redistrib% the working classes to afford them light and air has been often touched apon, but our conte'gb porary "The Electrical Magazine" in its Augunst issue sounds a new note on the subject. The t9tl6, apparent method of getting the workers int° outskirts is to afford them increased transit f3e'ii_ ties such as exist in electric tramways and,r,iy ways, but the proceeding of moving twice masses of people from c3untry to to sn and

versa, not To fi lines power Now of the ment cause(

tric pa But a look t panies shall b ing cl worke: possib

A Dog

Jr. C driwn

:his pose who at .longevi

TONIC The M;

His V sented i Station

" Presei of Wan The eloi stands c

Golf ii

The institut( this WE

The chi by Mr. 11r. FIR

School

Mr. N late of t day and ILittoii commer Piers J( kindly the Viii Aunt free use by teacl partake] o'clock, present the cust -enjoyab .Rumou

It importa Glass C restarte ago, a] the dist there fo offered influent ments t underst order, E hands

Such an trict, wi

The South to-morr, follows Hymn...

March..

Euphon

Selectic Chnrus.. Selectic

-The G(

WATE Vice-G

===== 0002601_19040820_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, • _

• "` '

===== 0002601_19040820_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
lOottlo, Operos, znartitna (gstabo. -TrILLARNEY BOTHL MHTROPOLE.—High -1-1 Temperance. ldr.gnificent, tcenory. 1 erm• mo&rate.

The Examiner, Saturday, August 20, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
ppr,w, -

pure is a the nee d to

itorY tur° tail frog' ger- Hugs

west' Prase ,d for Y are

t the oting rahle

bath° ireS" itern," igto- alos

icili•

===== 0002601_19040820_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

PLUCKY RESCUE FROM DROWNING AT RUNCORN.

Last Saturday afternoon a number of lads were bath lag in the Ship Canal near to the Ferry Hut, Runcorn when one of them, a boy named Ashcroft, living in Waterloo road, threw up his arms and sank. When he arose he was carried out by the tide. A young man named Harry Critchley, of Egerton street. was standing talking to a man named Mannion, about 50 yards away. He saw the boy sink, and throwing off his coat he ran to the canal and entered the water. He was fortunate to overtake Ashcroft, and broughthim to the side,where after attention he seemed little worse forhis experience and was taken home. Critchley saved a life under simi- lar circumstances about seven years ago. On the present occasion he was suffering from a severe cold, a fact which enhanced his praiseworthy and plucky con- duct.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
FATAL FALL AT WIDNES.

At Widnes, on Tuesday, Mr;. Mary Jane Walsh, an elderly woman residing with her married daughter in Ester-street, Widnes, died from injuries caused by fall- ing downstairs. Her son visited the house about seven o'clock in the m.rning to give his mother some money. She was in bed at the time, and got out and tapped' at the window. Whilst waiting outside he heard a noise as if someone was falling, and shortly afterwards his invalid sister opened the door. He found his mother lying at the foot of the stairs bleeding from the left ear. Dr. Schofield was quickly in attendance, but the woman died at a quarter-past nine. _

===== 0002601_19040820_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
POACHLNG AFFRAY NEAR RUNCORN.

At Runcorn on Tuesday, Joseph Oakes, of Bradley Orchard,was charged with night poaching on the Aston Hall estate,near Runcorn, on Sunday. Mr.H.N.Linaker prosecuted for Mr. Hervey Talbot, J.P. William Jones, head keeper on the Aston estate, said on Sunday night he and four others were watching on land in the occu- pation of Mr. Robert Wade at Aston Grange and saw nine or ten men setting nets there. After the nets were set the men commenced driving rabbits in. The keepers then showed themselves, and the men attacked them with bludgeons, and a severe struggle ensued. The men overpowered the keepers, who were badly bruised, and made their escape carrying away the rabbits. The prisoner, who had a severe wound on the forehead, was apprehended on Monday, and he was now remanded for a week in order that the other men, whom Superinten- dent Ennion said were known,might be arrested. Prisoner applied for bail, but this was refused. There were pro- duced in court heavy broken bludgeons, which sho wed the severity of the struggle.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

Sr. HELENS AND THE EMPLOYMENT OP CHILDREN.

The St. Helens School Attendance Committee on Wednesday had before them the proposed by-laws with regard to the employment of children, and which have been the subject of great controversy and some ill-feeling in the town. The by-laws allow a child of thirteen to be employed under certain conditions, providing the child is " beneficially " employed. The Board of Educa- tion wrote enclosing the draft by-laws, and asking for certain forms to be signed. The letter also stated that the proposed definition of beneficial employment was unnecessary and must be omitted. The Town Clerk said the Board did not make any comment on the long letter the committee had written. He supposed the idea of the Board of Education was that beneficial employment meant for the child's benefit. The Chair- man (*Councillor Foote) said the definition was not in accordance with the model by-laws of the Board, and they would have their own wording. Mr. Slater said that did not affect the by-law ;it was simply a definition. The committee approved the by-laws. 'THE GLA.SS BOTTLE TRADE.—EXCEPTIONAL DEPRES-

===== 0002601_19040820_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
SION IN THE DISTRICT.

Great depression and scarcity of work at present pre- vail among the glass bottle makers of St. Helens and district. A hot summer usually produces great activity in the trade, but the heat has this year been completely discounted by the depression in trade and scarcity of money, and the glass bottle workers find themselves in the exceptional position of being put on short time in the month of August In order to prevent a large num- ber of men being stopped the men and employers have arranged a shortening of hours for the different sets of hands which has the effect of dividing up the work and spreading it over a larger number of men than would otherwise be required. Messrs. Pilkington have recently made very large extensions at their sheet glass works, the rollplate and cathedral glass sections being entirely remodelled. In connection with changes of machinery ttc. at the Ravenhead works some of the men have been out: of work, but it is believed this stoppage is only temporary. Messrs. Pilkington have erected a huge timber yard and crate-making works on the site of the old Doulton's works at Greenbank. ALLEGED RAID ON A. GROCER'S SHOP.

The circumstances attending the robbery at a grocer's shop, 45, Silkstone-street, were investigated at St. Helens Police Court, on Wednesday, when John Beddows, Thomas Kilshavv, James Woodward, and Thomas Stenton were charged on remand.—Chief Constable Wood said the men went into the lock-up shop of Patrick Conroy and took eight tins of salmon, 11b. of cheese, two loaves of bread, and a knife, value 7s. Bd. Mr. Conroy lived at 39, Borough-road, and the shop was left secure on Saturday night by Mary Murphy, manageress.— Thomas Ashall, aged fifteen, said that on Saturday night he with two other boys named Melling and Charles White, stayed out all night in order to go into the country early to catch birds. They were standing at the corner of Silkstone-street and Lawrenson-terrace when they saw the four prisoners come down the street. Kilshaw and Beddows climbed a couple of street lamps and extinguished them. They then came to him and asked for their house key in order to go .into the shop. Ashall refused it, but they got it from him under threats. They then opened the door of the shop, and Kilshaw and Beddows brought out the goods. They also brought out two bottles of toffee, but took them back. They brought out some butter and loaves, and than adjourned to some waste ground and ate the salmon and bread, giving some of it to the three lads.— Mr. W. Hutchen appeared for Stenton, and pointed out that there was really no evidence that he took any part in the robbery or handled an of the goods. Ashall was originally arrested along with the men, and he had been convicted there four times.—Charles White, aged fifteen, corroborated Ashall's story. He denied that he and his companions went into the shop when the men had left it. All the men appeared to have had some drink.—The sour men were committed for trial at the sessions.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

We have pleasure in announcing that we have made arrangements with Mr. Riso Levi, the well-known billiard expert, for a second series of weekly articles on _Billiards, to commence next month.

All strokes and positions will be treated from an ordinary amateur point of view, so that the articles will prove of great interest to the ordinary player, though strokes and positions will now and then be discussed, from which we venture to say players who occasionally make fifties and sixties may glean some- thing, and the description of the various strokes will be characterised by a high standard of thoroughness and lucidity of treatment. The first twelve articles will treat entirely of side and its effects, and the questions of transmitted side and cushion-imparted side will besone into very fully and we unhesitatingly. state that tlits chapter will prove both interesting and instructive to good class players, as well as to the ordinary player. The various strokes and positions that will be dis- cussed from time to time will be illustrated by means of

GOOD DIIGRAMS,

thus enabling players to set the balls in the positions given and practise the strokes. When any important matches or exhibition games take place, the weekly column will contain chatty notes and comments on such contests, and a list of all the principal breaks will be given. A popular feature will be the Answers to Corres- pondents," and any player submitting any question on the game may be assured of receiving a reliable answer in the Billiard column. In short, the weekly article will be a most interesting one, and will appeal to all classes of Billiard players. TEE FIRST ARTICLE WILL APPEAR ON SATURDAY SEPT. 3RD.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
HANDOCK COLLIERY ACCIDENTS.

William Davies, aged twenty-five, of Cherry-street, Earlestown, was removed to the Haydock Cottage Hospital from the Princess Pit On Monday suffering from injuries to the leg. A man named Ashton, of Park- terrace, Haydnck, was also treated at the hospital after having been buried in a fall of coal in the pit, His collar bone was broken.

On Sunday the virgin peak of the Gabelhorn (Canton Valais), which has been attempted every year unsuccess- fully for the last fifty years, was climbed by M.Kern, of Geneva: M. Monod, of Paris; and the guide, Ferdin- and Furrey. Ths ascent lasted three days, the party camping twice on rocks and snow.

At Folkestone on Wednesday, Margaret Thompson, who advertised herself as "Mme. Shiela, pupil of Keiro," and as a scientific palmist and crystal gazer, was summoned for fortune telling. Detective Burniston gave evidence as to what took place ht an interview he had with the defendant. He said " Sheila " examined his hands, told him he was too generous, and that he would live to be 90. Afterwards, however, she said that at 40 he would have money left him, that he was married, and had a family. Burniston told the court that he assured "Sheila" he was single, but she said he could not deceive her. Defendant denied a portion of the detective's story, and denied fortune telling. She was a character teller, she said. She was fined 40s. or 14 days'Amprisonment, but as she pleaded that she had no money the Bench allowed her to go without pay- ment on promising to leave the town and cease practis- ing palmistry.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 2O, 1904

'RAILWAY THEFTS AT WARRINGTON, A Liking for Bottled Beer. Philip flicken, an engine driver living at 54, Dallam- lane and Herbert Ashbrook, a fireman, of 60, Leonard- street, were remanded on Saturday at the Borough Police Court on a charge of stealing from a van on the London and North-Western Railway at Dallam-lane, a 5.30 p.m. on the previous day, a case containing two dozen bottles of Bass's ale, value Gs., the property of the railway company.—The prisoners were again brought up yesterday.—Mr. W. H. Loraine of Liverooel (instructed by Mr. C. de J. Andrews) appeared to prose- cute on behalf of the company. Mr. Steel defended. I Mr. Steel said his clients were prepared to admit that they took four bottles of the ale but not the case as stated in the charge. Mr. Loraine, in stating the case for the company, saidthe cases of bottled beer wereconsigned by Messrs.- Peter Walker and Sons, brewers, to their stores in Liver pool and were handed to the company at Dallam siding. In consequence of a number of petty thefts from railway trains two detectives were put there to watch. They concealed themselves in one of the vans which was loaded with cases of bottled beer, and about 5.30 on Friday evening whilst there, they heard two men talkingand making suggestions that they could get a case of beer. Presently the door was opened, and one of the cases was taken out. The detectives emerged from the van, and found the two prisoners with thecase on the ground near the van. Hicken had four bottles of beer in his packet. They were taken to the detective office and there charged, and pleaded guilty. John Longshaw, checker in the employ of Messrs, Peter Walker and Sons, stated that he handed 350 cases of bottled ale and stout to the company's checker at Dallam Brewery on Friday last. Samuel Stewart stated that he received the consign- ment on behalf of the company. The prisoners had nothing to do with the van in which the cases were stored. Charles Hancock, a checker, said that on counting the oases, be foundthat one was missing. Richard James Owen, of the detective department, Edgehill, bore out the Counsel's statement as to con- cealing himself in the van in'company with another de- tective. He heard someone outside the van say " I think we can get one." Then another man said " I don't think so." The other man then rejoined "We will have a try." The doors of the van were opened and a case of bottled beer taken out. Witness found the case on the ground near the van and four bottle in Hicken's pockets. George Davies, detective officer at Warrington, said he charged the prisoners. Hicken said : "I have nothing else to say. lam guilty." Ashbraok said "I am guilty." Mr. Steel said the prisoners admitted taking four I bottles, but not the case. What would these men want' to take a whole case of botcled beer for? One could understand them taking one or two for a drink, but not a 'whole case. The two men were engaged during the whole of Friday last in shunting waggons along Dallam sidi g. This siding was a very difficult I one to work, and the men had been on duty from between 9 and 10 o'clock without having left the engine. They had to get their meals as they best could whilst working the siding, and seeing the beer in the waggon they were tempted and took the four bottles of beer for tocirink. Hieken, the engine driver, had been in the employ of the company for 30 years, and was a man who previously to this, had never had a bad mark against his character. He would now have to lose his situation and forfeit the benefits of the engine driver's society, amounting to something like £lOO. The fireman was 35 years of age, of previously good character and the sole support of his widowed mother. This was a ease where the men had suddenly given way to temptation and he asked the magistrates to deal leniently with them. - - -

Mr. Loraine remarked that what had been said about the men's characters was quite true, but the company had been compelled to take these proceedings on account of the large number of thefts that had taken place at this siding. The magistrates fined each defendant 40s. including costs or in default one month's imprisonment.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S FINANCIAL POSITION.

CORPORATION BALANCE SHEET.•

Some Interesting Figures.

The Borough Treasurer (Mr. John Fairhurst, F. S.A. A.) has furnished us with a copy of the accounts of the Corporation of Warrington for the year ended 31st March last. The volume comprises over 200 pages and gives a mass of details respecting the expenditure and income of the Corporation. THE BALANCE SHEET.—WARRINGTON'S INDEBTEDNESS.

Accompanying the accounts is an aggregate balance statement of the liabilities and assets of the Corpora- tion on thl 31st March last. The total liabilities are set forth as Ehnounting to £1,208,761 15s. 2d. and the assets to £1,577,513 9s. 4d., thus showing a balance of assets amounting to £368,751 14s. 2d. The balance sheet shows the liabilities and assets in connection with the following funds : Property Assets and Liabilities. Outlay £ s. d. s. d• Borough Rate Improvement Rate Sewers Rate 34,083 18 2 ... 65,581 5 7 Museum and Library 723 4 4 ... 18,795 18 10 Education Parr Hall

P'v'te Imp'ment Exp. 8,776 13 2 ... 8,776 13 2 Gas Works 195,850 11 3 ... 299,349 14 10 Water Works 397,125 7 8 ... 434,194 17 11 Electricity Tramways 97,297 13 5 ... 99,525 510 Middleton Scholarship Fire Engine Renewal 347 1 10 Latchford and Wilderspool Causeways 506 8 1 Police Superannuation Walker's Gift

' £1,208,761 15 2 £1,577,513 9 4

COST OF THE POLICE FORCE.

I The expenditure in connection with the Watch De- partment was £7,432 19s. 10d. The largest item in this account is that for constables' wages which amounted to 25764,155. 6d. In addition a sum of £95 3s. was paid as boot allowance, and 229105. in lieu of uniform. The maintenance of prisoners whilst in the bridewell cost £33 19s. Bd. and there is an additional sum of £9B Os.sd. for the conveyance of prisoners. The receipts in this department include the sum of £3.325 16s. 2d. beluga contribution from the National Exchequer for one letlf the charge for pay and clothing of police. His Majesty's Paymaster General contributed £lOO 15s. 3d. for the conveyance of prisoners to gaol. The proportion of fines and penalties imposed by Borough Justices and handed over to this account wits £93 Os. 6d. to which must, be added £ll ss. for fees. The expenditure exceeded the receipts by £3,843 19s. 3d. TOWN HALL, PARKS AND BATHS. The marble pedestal for the statue of King Edward VII. which Mr. Parr presented to the town cost the ratepayers £4B 15s. An engraving of King Edward VII cost a further sum of £l5 1,5. In the parks department £662 us. 11d, has been paid during the year in gardeners', labourers' and park-keepers' wages. Trees, plants and seeds have cost £24 4s. sd. and food for birds and fishes £45 9s. The brickwork in connection with the Crosileld conservatory involved an expenditure of £2OO 7s. 9d. and other work in connection with it cost £l7 15s. 11d. In the baths department the chief item of expense is £223 16s. 11d, for superintendent's andassist- ants' wages. The water bill was .2129 15s. Bd. whilst soap and cleaning materials ran away with a sum of £37 11s. 9d. Receipts from bathers amounted to £472 13s 4d. The total income was £478 2s. 6d. and as the expenditure was £BBB 178. sd. the baths, exclusive of the repayment of interest and sinking fund, cost the ratepayers £4lO 14s. 11d. RIVERS DEPARTMENT. GYMNASIUM.

The rivers department has spent £149 4s. sd. £lOO being absorbed by the salary of Mr. Schofield Jackson, River Surveyor. . . _ _

--The "In-c-Orne-Oi the gymnasium has been £ll3 10s. Dd. and the expenditure £446 us. id., thus costing the rate- Payers £331 Os. 4d. FINANCE DEPARTMENT.

• THE COST OF THE SHIP CANAL LITIGATION. The salaries in the Town Clerk's office amounted to ,E 1403 14s. ld. • Borough Treasurer's office £1984 16s. sd. ; Borough Surveyor's office £1042 9s. 3d. ; Clerk to Borough Justices office £536 'is. 2d. The expenses and subscription re Corporate Treasurer's Institute amounted to £l4 9s. Election expenses absorbed £296. The charges of parliamentary agents re County Courts Bill were £2 18s. 2d. and the North Western Electricity Power and Gas Bill £56 2s. sd. Professional services and expenses of witnesses re the action against the Manchester Ship Canal Company ran up a bill of £l4Ol 18s. 10d., and the expenses to London re Education scheme and financial adjustment were £7 Bs. A deputa- tion to Wallasey re open spaces cost £2 2s. 6d. The decorating of Parr Hall last yet* cost £414 18s. 4d. The expenses re Non-Trading inquiry were £179 19s. at fie close of the year. THE PROFITS ON THE MARKETS.

The markets receipts are again very satisfactory, amounting in the aggregate to £5,282 17s. 11d. Of this sum £3,937 17s. Ild, was received for fair and market tolls. The expenditure amounted to £2,690 12s. Od, in- cluding £6OO being an instalment of the cost of exten- sions. The profit made in this department was 22,59255. 11d. being £292 in excess of last year. The Weights and Measures department received £289 7s. 6d. and spent £lB2 13s. Bd. HOSPITAL AND HEALTH DEPARTMENTS.

The income of the hospital department amounted to £383 15s. 6d. The Newton-in-Makerfield Council paid £228 for the use of the hospital : the Warrington Rural District Council £ll3 14s. 2d; and the Runcorn Rural District Council £2l 7s. 2d. The infectious diseases hospital expenses amounted to £2915 and the smallpox hospital expenses cost £549 Bs. 11d. The additional expenses in connection with the smallpox epidemic were £123 7s, 4d, the chief items being £46 19s. 9d. for vac- cination and £23 9s. 10d. for men's time disinfecting. Hire of conveyances ran up a bill of £lB 13s. 6d.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE -COST OF SANITARY WORK.

Turning to the expenses in connection with the san- itary works department, we find that the Longford manure works cost £1,014 35.7 d ; the intercepting depot .020 us. 9d; night soil collection £6,229 19s. 7d ; and scavenging department £3,176 12s. 2d. MUSEUM AND LIBRARY.

The expenditure in connection with these institutions aas £1,728 115.10 d., including a sum of £26 18s. Bd. for excavation at Wilderspocl. The income was £6l 165.0 d. the chief item being one of £4l7s. id. the fines paid by borrowers of books. THE EDUCATION ACCOUNTS.

These accounts are included in the abstract for the first time. The cost of elementary education was £28,172 4s. 9d. Of this sum £6,768 ss. 4d. was provided out of the Borough rate. The Government grants were £16,878 17s. id. Turning to higher education, we find that the expenditure under this head was £5,267 4s. 6d. Of this sum the ratepayers provided £2,521 145.8 d. The amount received from customs and excise duties was' £1,076 12s. 3d. The Board of Education grants were £741 9s. 11d., fees .2706 Gs. 9d., sale of book and other school requisites £l7O 13s. sd. The Technical Institute including site, street-making, buildings, furniture and fittings, cost £21,129 15s. 11d. Tho School of Art cost £4,185 18s. 4d. The account of the Middleton scholar- ships shows thatafter granting five scholarships there is a balance carried forwsrd to the next account of £79 17s. 2d. THE PARR HALL PROFIT.

Twelve months profit on the Parr Hall was £64 13s. id. The amount paid for hiring the hall was £497 58. 2d., against £606 9s. 2d. in the previous year, when the profit was £287 9s. 7d.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE SUPERANNUATION.

The Police Superannuation fund at data is £14,108 14s. 4d. The money is invested with the Warrington, Manchester, Bolton, and St. Helens Corporations. Pensions have been paid during the year amounting to £2BB ss. Bd.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR PETER WALKER'S GIFT.

The balance in hand on this account now stands at £348 3s. 9d. During the year the picture "The Sleep- ing Beauty," by Mr. E. F. Brewtnall, R.W.S., was pur- chased out of the fund for £2OO its were also some pic- tures by Mr. James Charles, for which £BO were paid.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GAS WORKS PROFITS.

The gas works account show that the profit for the undertaking for the year ended 31st March was £18,848 3s. 3id. From this must be deducted the amount paid for one year's interest,annuities and sinking fund amounting to £8,518 3s. 4d, The amount con- tributed to relief of rates was •R 8,381 us. Id.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WATERWORKS.

The gross profit for the year was £15,324 9s. lid The payments for interest and annuities amounted to• £11,984 10s. ; contribution to sinking fund No. 1, £2,658 16s. 3d. • contribution to sinking fund No. 2, £1,003 Os. Bd. There was a balance in hand at the close of the year amounting to £8,309 2s.

1 ELECTRICITY DEPARTMENT. The total expenditure on the electricity works to date has been £73,626. The amount repaid has been £2,367 Bs. The revenue account shows a net profit of £l2B Hs. 3d. The sale of current per meter realised £6,368 us. 6d. ; electricity for public lighting, £682; current for trams, £3,935 Os. 3d.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRAMWAYS.

Liabilities have been incurred in connection with the tramways amounting to £94,562 16s. id. The receipts per car mile during the year averaged as follows: Sankey route 6•98 pence; Latchford 10•24 pence; Wilderspool

===== 0002601_19040820_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL BOOTH'S MOTOR CAMPAIGN.

He Arrives at Warrington To-Day.

Our readers are doubtless aware that General Booth the distinguished head of the Salvation Army, is undertaking a motor tour from St. Just (Land's End) to Ab.erdeen. This (Saturday) morning he leaves Northwich and will continue his northward journey to Warrington. He is timed to reach the Borough at 10.10 o'clock. The General is accompanied by Commissioners Nicol, Cadman Colonels Lawley, Eadie and Jeffries and several press representatives. Four cars are in attendance. Adjutant T. Everness, who is in charge of the Warrington district, will meet the General at Stockton Heath and proceed with him to the Town Hall. The route taken will be along Wilderspool Causeway, Bridge-street, Sankey-street to the Town Hall steps. The local band of the Salvation Army will meet the General at Bridge-street and head the procession to the Town Hall. It is anticipated that many local admirers of the General and his army will take the opportunity of giving him a hearty cheer and God speed on his unique tour. The Mayor (Alder- man Bolton) has expressed, a desire to personally welcome General Booth at the Town Hall and the local Free Church Council also intend to present the Salvation Army chief with an address. The cars will stop in Warrington for about ten minutes and will then proceed to Prescot where they are due to arrive at eleven o'clock. On Sunday, the General will lecture in the Hippodrome, St. Helens, on " Lessons of my Life." The Mayor (Alderman Massey) will preside. The General will also preach at night. On Monday, the tour will be recommenced and Leigh, Earlestown, Newton-le-Willows, Worsley and Man- chester districts will be visited.'

The oldest love letter in the world is in the British Museum. It is a proposal of marriage for the hand of an Egyptian princess, and it was made 3,500 years ago. It is in the form of an inscribed brick.

After a hearing lasting ill day, the magistrates of Scarborough on Thursday dismissed the case in which Norris Hepworth, jun., aged 20, son of a well- known clothier of Leeds, was charged with the man- slaughter of Lydia Unwin Death, aged 79, who died from injuries received by being knocked down by a motor-cycle, which the defendant was driving. The Chairman of the Bench said the magistrates considered it was a pure accident. It has now been decided that the national memorial to Sir Hector Macdonald shall be erected on the brow of the Green Hill, Dingwall, Ross-shire, commanding a splendid view from the Cromarty Firth and the sur- rounding country, including the Black Isle, the birth- place of Sir Hector. Satisfactory reports were sub- mitted to a meeting of the committee on Wednesday night from the various district committees, indicating that a general amalgamation of the funds will take

===== 0002601_19040820_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

1/- TINS

ASSORTED BISCUITS.

CONTAINING 12 KINDS: OVAL RICH TEA POLO KIEL FINGERS ALEXANDRA

• HANOVER RAGLAN THIN ARROWROOT CREAM CRACKERS

MEXICAN MILK 0 AW,II. WAFERS ) CHEESE WAFERS

===== 0002601_19040820_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
POLITICS IN THE OPEN-AIR.

Tory Workinginen Support Protection.

REJOINDER BY MR. HOWES.

Bridge Foot was the scene on Thursday evening of one of the largest open-air meetings which have been held in the town for many years. The whole area from Mersey-street to the Cromwell monument was packed with a dense mass of people, aud for two hours they stood to hear political questions discussed from the standpoint of a new orgaaisationbearing the title of the Conservative Labour Party. The meeting had been arranged by the Warrington Conservatives, and four spokesmen for the new party were found in Mr. Fearn- ley (the secretary), Mr. Macartney, and Mr. Orrell, of Manchester, and Mr. Williamson, of Salford. Councillor W. J. Wr.r.soN of Latchford, presided, and in opening the proceedings saidthat meeting showed that the Conservative workingmen of Warrington had not gone entirely asleep and they meant to take more than a passing interest in the coming Parliamentary election. The main thing that concerned the working people was the terrible and increasing depression in trade, and to stop this depression should be the one effort of every man, irrespective of politics whatsoever. It could never be done by allowing the foreigners to place heavy tariffs and taxes on our goods which were being sent into their countries, and at the same time allowing them to send all their surplus and inferior goods into this country free of any tax or tariff. If they asked local firms to give them a reason for the great depression in trade, he had no doubt it would be stated that it was on account of the heavy tariffs and taxes placed upon English made goods by foreign nations, and they found it utterly impossible to make and sell their goods at a profit in foreign markets. Thus our workpeople were placed upon short time and if this were allowed to go on British work- shops would be closed to British labour. Unless some drastic reforms were made at once with regard to tariffs placed upon English goods,something very serious would happen to the working class of this country from which they would never recover. (Applause). Mr. MACARTNEV, of Manchester said there was a great deal of social discomfort at the present time and the trouble hat assumed such dimensions that the time had come for them to carefully consider their position. He advocated fair play for British labour and fair play for British labourers.

A Voice: What about Chinese labour in South Africa?

Mr. ALICARTNEY contended that there was only one political party in the House of Commons prepared to put forward definite proposals in regard to our export and import trade. The Free Trade Liberals—the free importing Liberals—were content to abide by a policy that might have been adapted to the requirements of 1846, but he urged that this policy ought to be revised now and brought up-to-date. The policy of Cobden— A VOICE : What has Cobden got to do with the present day? Mr. MA.CARTNEY : He has a great deal to do with the present day, because he enunciated a policy which the Liberal party is clinging to at the present time notwithstanding the fact that it is ill-suited to meet present day requirements. The speaker asked his hearers to protect themselves against the unfair competition of foreigners as our own markets were passing away. Foreign competitors dumped down goods here and some of the workers were inconsistent enough to believe that in some way or other this dumping promoted their interests and cheapened their food. even though it deprived them of the opportunity to work. The speaker proceeded to argue that the Conservative party had been a good friend of the workingman, and had passed the factory acts, and acts for the housing of the poor, the protection of Trades Union Funds, the Workmen's Com- pensation Act and other measures. He defied any Liberal present to point out three first class measures passed during the last 40 years by any Liberal Government for the amelioration of the lot of the workin,gclasses. In this matter of fiscal reform the Liberals were trading upon their past traditions and had not anything to bring forward. The speaker made a passing allusion to Mr. Crosfleld's speech, and on Mr. Crosfield's name being mentioned loud cheers were raised. Mr. Macartney said he was glad to see that there were some present who represented the opinions of Mr. CrosEleld because he had something to say about them. Mr. Crosfield said that the Liberal party had in Lord Rosebery the strongest possible foreign secretary alive. (Cheers.) The speaker contended that the Liberal party was a conglomeration of opposing factions. Mr. FEA.RNLEY said he was much struck in reading the speeches at the Liberal open-air meetings with the extraordinary frequency with which every speaker endeavoured to Impress upon the audience that the Liberal party was the progressive party. He com- menced to count the number of times this expression was used in the four column report that appeared in "The Examiner," but he had to give it up as it struck him that all the speeches were nothing else but the word progressive. (Laughter.) He would thank Mr. Howes if that gentleman would state any single first- class progressive measure of social industrial reform that had been passed by the Liberal party since Mr. Howes took the platform of the Liberal party and that was a long time ago. If the Liberal party had been a progressive party let Mr. Howes account for the exist- ence of the Socialist party. Was it not that the Socialists were dissatisfied with the Liberal party? A VOICE: Both of them. (Hear, hear.) . . _ .

Mr. FERNLEY: I knew you were dissatisfied with the Tory party. (Laughter.) But if the Liberal party had been a progressive party you would not have been discatistlecl with them. A VOICE : Question. Mr. FEARNLEY : it was mentioned at the Liberal meeting that we needed an alteration of the land laws. (Cheers). A VOICE : Will the Tory party do that? (Laugh- ter.) Mr. FEA.RNLEY : It was also stated that a change was needed in the House of Lords. (Cheers.) Why did not the Liberal party make these changes when they were in office? A VOICE: What was the use? Mr. FEARNLEY : That is the answer to every Liberal position. What is the use? (Laughter.) Mr. Howes told them that when the Liberals were in office they were never in power. The question naturally arose : What is the good of sending them if they cannotdo any- thing because of the House of Lords.

A VOICE: You shift them. (Hear, hear.) Mr. I'EARNLEY : We don't want them shifting. (Laughter.) They are all right. We can get them to do what we want.

A VOICE: The workingman cannot. • Mr. FEARNLEY: Yes, he can. The workingman and the Conservative party got them to pass a Workmen's Compensation Act.—(hear. hear.)—factory acts and friendly society acts. (Hear. hear.) The working classes have got more beneficial legislation from the Conservative party than the Liberal party. A Voice: Chinese labour. (Laughter and Cheers.) Mr. FEA.R.NLEY : Mr. Kier Hardie has said so. (Hear, hear.) Proceeding to explain the reasons for forming a Conservative Labour party, he said if they could bring influence to bear as a combined party upon the leachra of the Conservative party, as he believed they could, they would have the Taff Vale decision upset and the status quo which existed prior to that decision, re- turned again as definite legislation upon the statute book.

Mr. Williamson, of Salford, and Mr. Orrell, of Man- chester also addressed the meeting. They were frequently interrupted with cries of " Question " "Chinese," and "Cyprus." At the close a vote of thanks to the speakers was pro- posed by Mr. W. L. WILLIAMS. When nut to the vote there were loud cries of " No " but Mr. Williams declared the vote carried.

MR. EIOWES ASKS SOME POINTED QUESTIONS.. Mr. Howes, who had been standing in the crowd, asked a number of questions and Mr. Fearnley proferred to answer them.

Mr. Howes' first question was: Is this meeting under the auspices of the Warrington Conservative 2Cssocia- tion ?—Mr. Fearnley : It is under the auspices of the WarringtonConservative Labour Party. Mr. Howes: Will the Warrington Conservative Association put forward one of the speakers to-night to meet a representative man on the Liberal side in public debate in this town to defend the utterances made? —Mr. Fearnley :Yes,l will promise if they won't I will. Mr. Howes: My question is not whether you will but whether the Warrington Conservative Association will? Mr. Fearnley ; You will recognize no doubt that I cannot speak for the Association. If you write asking them T think they will reply that they will. If they won't I will.

Mr. Howes: SVill one of you gentlemen on the plat- form attend here to-morrow night and prove that the Tory party gave the franchise in 1867 ?—Mr. Fearnley : Yes,l will. If necessary Twill defend the whole thing Mr. Howes: Can you suggest how it is there has no been one word said in defence of the present Govern meat to-night? (Cheers.) Mr. Fearnley: The whole of the speeches have been in defence of the Govern- ment. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Howes: Have you referred to the increase of national expenditure. Have you referred to the Govern- ment's treatment of Mr. Shackleton's bill or to Chinese labour? (Cheers.) What part of the Government's policy have you defended ?—Mr. Fearnley: The whole Cuf it.

Mr. Howes: Have you defended Chinese labour ? Mr. Fearnley: No. (Laughter andicheers). Mr. Howes: How is it you have not defended the Government ?—Mr. Fearnley: I shall not answer that again. Mr. Howes: One of the speakers has told us that continental markets have been closed entirely against us. Will you give one instance ?—Mr. Fearnley: So far as Free Trade is concerned theyare all closed. What is the use of this quinbling? I know you are an old hand, Mr. Howes. so am I. (Laughter and cheers.) Mr. Hewes: I say it is not a quibble. I ask you directly will you give an instance of a market being closed against us on the continent?—Mr. Fearnley: So far as Free Trade is concerned they are all closed to our

trade by the infliction of a tariff. (Heir, hear, and cheers)._

Mr. 'Howes: You say the market is closed. Da you mean they don't take our staff? (Cheers)—Mr. Fearnley: No.

Mr. Howes: When you say the markets are closed against us you mean they do not take our stuff?—Mr. Fearnley: Now don't quibble you know what we mean. (Laughter.) Mr. Howes : Is _it not true that we send goods to every continental country in the world ?—Mr. Fearnley Yes but we pay a tariff. Mr. Howes: Is it not true that during the last ten years the bulk of our trade with foreign countries has increased ?—Mr. Fearnley: No. On the contrary it has decreased.

Mr. Howes: Is it not true that the Blue book re- cently published by the Government declares that dur- ing the last ten years the bulk of our trade with foreign countries has increased.? Mr. Fearnley : Yes. This is another of Mr. Howes' quibbles. He has shifted his ground. In the first question he referred to their tak- ing our goods. Now he speaks of our trade. The trade has increased because these Continental countries im- port into this country an enormous amount of manufac- tured-articles which are counted as our trade. This is rellly not our trade. Our own trade in manufac- tured goods was going down consistently and regularly. (Hear, hear). Mr. Howes: Are you aware that of our imports four fifths are either raw material or food ? (Chesrs).—Mr. Fearnley : No. _ •

Mr. Howes: Does the Blue book say so? Mr. Fearnley : No (Cheers and laughter). Mr. Howes: Do you think one-third of our imports to be a large amount of manufactured goods, when you consider the whole ?—Mr. Faarnley : Yes, I should think so if I had one-third of my income less. (Hear hear and laughter.) Mr. Howes: Do continental workmen under pro- tection have higher wages ?—lr. Fearnley : No (Cheers.) Mr. Howes: In what other continental country do they workless hours ?—Mr. Fearnley : None. Mr. Howes: In whit other continental country is the purchasing power of the workers as high ?—Mr. Fearnbs_y : None.

Mr; [(owes: Are we not in a better position ?—Mr. Fearnley : We ought to be. We are in a better position because we have trades unionism. If it were not for trades unionism, the workmen here would be in the same parlous condition as foreign workmen. hear.)

Mr. Nightingale asked a number of questions. Mr. FEMLNLEY contended that the standard of living amongst the workinsplasse3 of the continent was as good as in England from their paint of view. He also contended that the Government were not responsible for the Taff Vale decision, which was a judicial decision over which the Government had no control.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. HOWES REPLIES. Another Opan-airMTeting Last Night.

LIVELY PRIIEEDINGS.

Mr. Howes addressed a large open-air meeting at Bridge-foot last nightand effectively replied to some of the remarks made by the Tory speakers on the previous evening. Mr. WELICINSON HA EGII presided and briefly intro- duced Mr. Howes, who, he said, had made his mark in Warrington and was prepared to establish and back up what he had said. Their opponent's powder must have been very damp or they would have responded sooner to theremarks of the Liberal speakers. The Chairman pro- ceeded to refer to the voting of Mr. Pierpoint during the past session on the Children's Messenger Bill, the Trades Union question and the Chinese question.fie be- lieved Warrington would follow the country's call at the next general election and return a Liberal. Mr. Crosfleld's sympathies, he said, were with the working- classes. He, was a local man and was known to them

A VorcE : Mr. Pierpoint is not a stranger. The CHAIRMAN : In my opinion he has been TEtIED AND FOUND NV ANT ING Rear, hear.)

• Mr., HoarEs said statements were made at the meeting last night that were totally and entirely untrue. It was stated that the Tories gave the workingman the vote in 1887. He challenged that plint, and wished to ask if the gentleman who made it was present. If so he (Mr. Howes) invited him to come on the Watform and prove that the Tories gave the vote in 1867. Mr.FE.A.RNLEy answered to the call, and mounting the platform said: If Mr. Howes thinks I am going to be caught with chaff of thatkind he is wrong. ("Oh, oh.") Mr. Howes challenged the statements made and de- ' dared he was going to prove them wrong. I told him I would be here to hear him do it. When he has done se I shall be ready to ask him some very direct ques- tions but not before be has tried to prove that our statements are wrong. ("Oh.") Mr. HOWES: That is a thorough misrepresentation. I have here a transcript of the reporter's notes and it says I asked: "Will one of the gentlemen on the plat- form attend here to-morrow night and prove that the Tory party gave the franchise "and Mr.Fearnley replied "Yes I will." (Hear, hear.) For me to come here and prove that the Tories did not, continued Mr. Howes, would be to reverse the whole order of logic. Mr. Fearnley said the Tories gave the workingmen the vote. Mr. FEARNLEY: lam here to prove it. Mr. HOWES: Well come here and do it. (Cheers.) Mr. FEARNLEy: One minute. ("Oh, Oh.") You don't have me that way. (Laughter.) Just another word. Mr. Howes delivered a handbill at last night's meeting which stated that he was going to hold a meet- ing on this spot to reply to what was said. One state- ment was that the Conservative Government in 1857 GAVE THE FRANCHISE TO THE WORKINGMAN. That is one of the things Mr. Howes has to disprove and when he has aealt with his case I will prove it to you. ("ph, oh.")

„ Mr. HOWES : One moment. Did I not ask you whether you would come here to-night and prove it? Mr. FEARNLEY : Yes and I am here to prove it. Mr. HOWES : Well proveit. (Cheers and loud shouts of” Prove it !" " Prove it !") The CHAIRMAN : Mr. Fearnlev has admitted that he has come to prove his words. He has now the oppor- tunity to do so. (Cheers.). Mr. FEARNLEY ; T will prove it when Arr. Howes has finished and not before. (Hooting.) Mr. Fearnley now jumped off the lurry amid many signs of disapproval. The CHAIRMAN: As far as Mr. Howes has gone he has been a man of his word. It is for you to say who is right and who is wrong. (Hear, hear and cheers.) Mr. HOWES : I will oblige my opponent by going a step further. It is against all rules of logic to ask your opponent to disprove a statement. I know it is im- possible to prove that the Tories gave the vote in 1867. I will now proceed to disprove it. I will then invite this champion up to examine my disproof. Mr. WILLIAMSON, of Salford (one of the other speakers at the Tory meeting) : Will you allow any others?

Mr.HowEs: You can have your turn any time( Laughter) Proceeding, Mr. Howes said he did not mean to leave. the subject until they had thrashed it out. He would under- take to prove in the presence of any properly accredited representative man that all the statements made on the previous night were untrue. (Hear, hear.) He would take the franchise bill of 1867 first. Mr. Howes pro- ceeded to review the political situation of 186 G when. the Liberals were in power and showed that Mr. Glad- stone introduced a franchise bill which was opposed by the Tories in the House of Commons. The bill was defeated,and Mr. Gladstone resigned. The Queen sent, for Earl Derby and asked him to undertake the forma- tion of a ministry. To the surprise of a great many people Earl Derby consented. The Tories took office without a general election and consequently, though in office, they were in a minority. Benjamin Disraili for the first time in his life was leader of the House ef Commons. The first Queen's speech introduced by this ministry contained a paragraph declaring that the Gov- ernment did not intend to touch the vexed question of Parliamentary reform. That drove the people of the country into a state of frenzy and John Bright and others started an agitation in the country. Mr. 'Disraeli then introduced a bill giving a "fancy" franchise. The Liberals knocked away clause after clause and built up a real franchise bill which was CARRIED DESPITE TETE OPPOSITION OP TILE TORTES. (cheers.) The Tory lords refused to pass it and it was leftto the Liberal peers to pass the bill, which the Liberals in"the House of Commons (who were in a majority), had been able to force through. He (Mr. Howes)claimed to have proved (1). That the Tories were in a minority, at the time, although in office, and consequently could not carry the Bill. (Cheers.) (2) That when the Tories introduced the Bill they allowed their opponents to knock every clause away and put fresh ones in. (Cheers.) (3) That the late Lord Salis- bury condemned it. (Cheers.) Mr. FEARNLEY : Does my friend call this PROVING HIS POSITION.

ries of" Yes " and " No."). He -1-I.a; referred to the bill scarcely at all. (" Oh, oh.") He has been referring to the trimmings, just as he might have a round of beef and be satisfied :with the mustard (Laughter and "Oh. oh)."

A VorcE : Let us hear what you have to say (Hear, hear). Mr. FERNLEY: Now with regard to Mr. Howes's three points. The first point was perfectly true as was also the second one, although Mr. Howes did not tell them who the majority were. (Hear, hear.) His other point was that the late Lord Salisbury made a speech. Viscount Cranborne, as he then was, was like Winston Churchill of to-day. Ho was at outs with his party and said bitter things about them. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Fearnley proceeded to quote from what he called a rabid liadical history of England—Cassell's—and con- tended that Mr. Gladstone withdrew from the whole business and that the Liberal party proposed only one amendment to Mr. Disraeli's bill. The Conservative Government passed the bill with the help of 48 Liberals who

DESERTED MR. OLA.DSTONE order to do so. • Mr. HOWES taking up the discussion again asked hether Mr. Fearnley could give the number of Tories

who voted for the second reading of the Bill? (Hear, hear.) _

Mr. FERNLEY : That has nothing to do with the point. (" Oh, oh "and hear, hear.) Mr. HOWES : Point or no point I merely ask the question. Can you give the answer? Mr. FEARNLEY : I will answer in my own way. Mr. llowEs I don't want another speech. Mr, FEARNLEY : Well, I shall not answer then. ("Oh.")

I Mr. HowEs: I want to ask whether there is any [thoughtful Tory who can for a moment pretend that in that long speech we have had from Mr. Fearnley there is any proof at all that the Tories gave the working- man the vote. ("No.") What has he proved? A VOICE: Nothing. Mr. HOWES : He has admitted the Tories were in a a minority. Cm a minority carry a bill? Mr. Disraeli greed to the amendments of the Liberals because the minority refused to support him and he had to do what the majority told him. (Hear, hear.) Every one of the amendments was introduced by Mr. Gladstone himself. Mr. FEARSLEY_: Prove it.

_ Mr. flowEs : What I am going to ask you to prove is that the Bill was carried by Tory votes and not by Liberal votes.

Mr. FEARNLEY : That is a quibble. Mr. ElowEs : If the bill was carried by Liberal votes then the Liberals carried it. (Rear, hear.) Mr. FEA.R.NLEY : Then I will prove it wasn't. At this stage rain commenced to fall heavily, and it was agreed that the debate should be adjourned until Thursday next.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIMROSE LEAGUERS AT WALTON PARK.

So:ne kmasing Political Definitions.

Mr. R. I. WINNE JONES, the Ruling Councillor of the Daresbury Habitation of the Primrose League, presided at a gathering of the members and friends held in Walton Park on Saturday. in the course of an address Mr. Jones said it was li!s duty as their ruling coun- cillor to ao his best to impress upon them the urgent necessity of being particularly wide awake—in the political sense—at the present time. It needed no prophet to foretell that the country woula be asked again to record its vote at no distant period. They were aware of the attitude adopted by their mem- ber, who was a follower of Nlr. Chamberlain. The planks of Mr. Chamberlain's platform were; briefly, these : " More profit for the farmer, more employment for the labourer, and cheaper food for his family." Whether Mr. Chamberlain was,or was not,over sanguine. he was not prepared to say ; but this he did say, that under the existing deplorable state of things, and in the. absence of any other, his scheme was well worth a trial. (Hear, hear.) The Radical party, while admitting that trade, both in to.vn and country, was desperately bad, declined to giaa even a trial to any measure proposed to remedy it Instead of honestly acknowledging the unfairness and failure of so-called Free Trade, instead of suggesting a practical remedy of their own, they otill persisted in trying to blind a frequently too credulous electorate by waving before its eyes that shameful and moth-eaten old fraud—" The big Free Trade loaf." Being short of argument their opponents had taken to calling them pet names. They called them "Whole hoggers " if they were out-and-out discipins of Mr. Chamberlain, or " Half-hoggers "if they did not go quite so far as Mr. Chamberlain did with his fiscal scheme. Of course they were only speaking metaphorically, so they should be prepared to reply to them in metaphor. They remem- bered the old riddle: "Why does a donkey eat thistles ? "—the reply to which was : " Because he is an ass." (Laughter.) Well, if they were addressed by their opponents by either of those interesting names they would retort courteously, but with the confidence which is born only of conviction, that they would rather be a" whole-hogger," or even a " half-hogger," than an adjectived jackass—a jackass who preferred to starve on the thistle-tops rather than stretch his neck to taste the clover growing at his feet. (Laughter and applause).

Mr. JOHN WHITLOW proposed "That the members of the Daresbury Habitation of the Primrose League, at Walton Hall assembled, desire to record their unabated confidence in the Eton. Alan de Tatton Egerton as their representative in Parliament, and assure him that they will spare no effort to secure his re-election, when the occasion arises." Mr. Whitlow remarked that they had a very good Kin; in London, and he thought it very unwise to attempt to send another " king " there. (Laughter.) Mr. A. 1311.13N1E, Preston Brook, seconded the resolu- tion.

Mr. BOTTOMLEY, in s ipporting the resolution, said he remembered saying in Warrington recently that their Liberal friends were lying like gas meters, and he still held to that. The Government was as strong to-day and even stronger than it was at the beginning of the Session. The Liberals were saying they would "turn them out next week." They were always spotting the winners and catching losers. They were like the Russians—always being blown up with the mines they laid themselves. There might be some people present who had not yet labelled themselves. They had a right to demand that the Liberals shall de- clare.vvhat they would do if they took the place of the Conservative party. Were they going to do better? was the question, because if they got in they would not stop long. For instance, take the education question. If the Liberal party came into power to-morrow they were pledged to repeal the Education Act. Immediately they attempted that, every Irish member of Parliament —Roman Catholic—would vote against them, and they would have another election next week. If they had attempted to bring in a measure for Home Rule they would have all the Liberal party against them; if they did not attempt to bring in such a measure they would have all the Irish against them, and they would have a lot of elections. People said that elections destroyed trade and created a want of confidence in ate people, and that they were bad generally speaking, for the community at large. Therefore, they had better bear the ills they had than fly to those they knew not of. They never had a perfect GOveTnment, but he claimed the present one was as near perfection as any they had had for a long time. True, there were differences of opinion on some questions. In fact, every party was split up just now. The Government did not go as far as Mr. Chamberlain would go with regard to the fiscal question, nor as far as he (Mr. Bottornley) would go himself. What did Mr. Chamberlain want? He had declared that his policy, if carried into effect, would not inißease the price of food of either the richest or the poorest in the land, but what he did want primarily was to regain for the Government the right, in making agreements with foreign countries to defend our own, to reciprocate— to secure reciprocity and retaliation.

The resolution was unanimously passed. The CITAIRMAN said it was his duty as ruling coun- cillor to thank Sir Gilbert Greenall for so kindly allow- ing the Habitation to hold their fete at Walton Hall. (Applause). It was a difficult thing, but he must also include Lady Greenall, although she was an official of the League. They might do it in this way. They thanked Sir Gilbert also for bringing to that Habitation the most charming lady who ever presided over them. (Applause).

• The resolution was heartily passed, and cheers were given. Sir GILBERT suitably acknOwledged the resolution.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRADING INQUIRY.

Three New Commissioners Appointed.

A meeting of the General Purposes Committee was held on Monday afternoon at the Town Hall. The Mayor, who presided over a large attendance of members, read the letter from Messrs. Thomas Birchall, L. Greening and A. J. Jolley, sent to him in reply to the request of the Town Council that they should go on with their duties as commissioners till the end of August. The text of the letter appeared in our last issue. As our readers will recollect the three com- missioners mentioned declined to proceed any further with the inquiry. The committee proceeded to the election of three gentlemen to take the places of Messrs. Birchall, Greening and Jolley; and the following were ultimately chosen: Councillors John Wilkinson, James Evans and , A. Peacock, who agreed to act.

It was decided ihat the Inquiry should sit three weeks longer from the date of die meeting, viz., till September sth. It was suggested that a time limit should be fixed for the drawing up of the report, but to this objections were raised, and it was not pressed, the understanding being that the report should be made as soon as possible. The first meeting of the newly-constituted commis- sion was held on Tuesday. when there was a formal ex- amination of certain books of the Corporation. There was a .further meeting on Thursday.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRADES UNION CONGRESS.

. The Complete Agenda.

Yesterday the complete agenda for the Leeds Trades Union Congress was issued by the Parliamentary Committee. There are 96 resolutions on the agenda, a number larger than at any previous con- gress, but with grouping the resolutions they have been reduced to 39 sections. There are also 16 amendments, some of a vital character, to be discussed. A long discussion may arise on the questions of estab- ishing a Labour newspaper, Chinese labour, Parliamen- tary representation, the Aliens Bill, conscription, the licensing question, Trades Disputes Bill, and education laws, while the Socialist proposal for nationalising all the means of production will require a good deal of con- deration. Altogether the Congress promises to be vel y.

_A

-,, ~,, i ~- ii t, -::iii

- ; H -;. 1

--4 _

• z

===== 0002601_19040820_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
jl.l*l • .",. - 0.• :, • , NI • ' . - 0 •

_

===== 0002601_19040820_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH AND STRENGTH.

Nature's best gifts are those that contribute towards health and strength. The active principle of the best gemedial agents (sarsaparilla, burdock, gentian, lavender saffron, dandelion, and quinine) constitute Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the most reliable tonic, purely vegetable. Health has many handmaids, and all depend on strength of nerve and muscle. We exact too much from these in the daily competitive struggle for success in li fe,and we have to suffer in consequence—indigestion weakness, nervousness, sleeplessness, liver disorders, chest affections, and numerous other complaints. Now all these are successfully combated with the sus- taining assistance of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the best remedy of the age. It is safe, sure, and permanent in its effect. If you find you are almost unable to follow your daily vocation, immediately strengthen your constitution by taking a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. They make the weak strong, and give new heart. and "go "to the weary toiler. They revive the spirits and strengthen the nerves. By giving tone to the whole constitution they ward off fevers and other ailments. No family should be without a bottle. An occasional dose, taken when a man has felt slightly out of sorts, has prevented many a long illness. We assert the aboveconfidentially. Man is much more subject to the influence of his surroundings than is generally supposed. The ill effects upon the general health of living in close, ill-ventilated, and badly-lit homes, offices, or work- shops, are, of course, well known to everyone wiaio has studied hygiene ; while the life-giving effects oj sunlight and fresh air are eqnally well known. The same-may be said of the results of the various climatic changes. The injurious effects of a prevailing east wind are evident to all observant persons; and the depressing influence of an approaching thunderstorm on some constitutions has also been observed by most people. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters may be termed an insurance policy against "catching cold," for it gives stamina and a healthy vitality to resist climatic changes and is a reliable safeguard against colds, chills, and coughs, which frequently happen through the weakness of the constitution being unable to resist the effects of the changeableness of these weather. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters never disappoints when given a fair trial, and no medicine has had so many imitators,but the purchaser has the remedy against such deceit in his own hands. Note particularly the name" Gwilym Evans " on the label, on the stamp, and on the bottle (a threefold precaution), without which none are genuine. Refuse all others then you will have the satisfaction of benefiting by the unrivalled virtures of this great tonic. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each by chemists and patent medicine vendors, or will be sent direct by the proprietors, without any extra charge to any address in the United Kingdom. Sole Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited,Llanelly, south Wales.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

THREE MONTHS FOR A RUNNING KICK.

John Brodericii,a- i;th-ollr;:, of licHaydock street, was charged on remand at the Warrington Police Court, on Saturday,before Mr. Birchall and other magistrates with having been drunk and disorderly in Turner-street, and with baying assaulted Thomas Taylor, general dealer, Turner-street.—Superintendent Monaghan stated that shortly before midnight on Sunday, August 7th, Mr. Taylor was talking to his son, when the prisoner came up and stripped himself, and said he would fight anyone in the street. Taylor asked him what was the matter, and prisoner then deliberately took a running kick at him, catching him underneath the stomach and causing him to drop to the ground. Mr. Taylor was rendered -unconscious, and had to be taken in a cab to Dr. Adams' surgery. He had suffered very great pain, and could scarcely walk even now. This was prisoner's 17th appearance. He was a notorious cornerman and had been convicted several times for theft and assault. He now pleaded guilty, and the magistrates, in sending him to gaol for the full penalty—three months' hard labour —said the penalty was sadly too light for the offence.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
CAUGHT WITH HIS MOUTH TJNDER THE TAP.

At the Borough Police Court on Tuesday, before Dr. Fox and other magistrates, Wm. Campbell, 22,Lythgoes- lane, and Joseph Abrahams,6,'Dolan's-yard, were charged with having been found on the enclosed premises of Wm. Brown, licensee of the Seven Stars Inn Bridge street. on Monday, with intent to commit a felony.—Superin- tendent Monaghan informed the Bench that a butcher, named William Allen, was engaged in the Seven Stars yard, when he saw the prisoner Campbell enter the cellar. He came out and had a conversation with the other prisoner. Abrahams then went in and came out, after which both went in together. Allen reported the matter to the landlord, who on going into the cellar found Abrahams on his knees, with his month to the tap of a beer barrel, which was turned on. Campbell was hiding behind the door in a drunken condition. P.C. Phillips was acquainted with the facts and took Abrahams into custody.—Campbell who was very drunk followed him, and said, Joe. I'm as bad as you.' When the constable had seen Abrahams safely in the Police Station he went outside and brought Campbell in.—ln describing Abrahams, the superintendent sail he was a man who did anything and carried parcels if they were not too heavy.—Prisoners were sent to gaol for seven days.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Aldermen Smethurst and Francomb, Councillors Thornton, Wilkinson and W. Roberts, and Messrs. Birchall, Wright and Woods. DaUNK AND DISOILDER.LY.—Jam9s Ward, Dolman's. lane, was fined ss. and costs for having been drunk and disorderly in Litherland's-yard on August 13th.—For a similar offence in Rose and Crown-street on August 14th, Sarah Maloney, 14, Ship-yard, was also fined ss. and costs. DISORDERLY WOMEN.—Margaret Griffin, 10, Turner- street, and Mary Hewitt, 35, Boughton, Chester, were bound over to keep the peace for six months for com- mitting a breach of the peace by their disorderly be- haviour in Bowes-street on August 2nd. FIGIFFING.-4pr committing a breach of the peace by fighting, the following were dealt with :—Thomas Gallop, 21, Hopwood-street. 55.; William Allen, 44, School-brow, 55.: Thomas O'Day, Rose and Crown-st. (who did not appear), 10s. and costs and John Lock Laydon, 4, Back Haydock-street, ss. and costs.—PC. Rylatt proved the case against the first two defendants and P.C. Fish against the last two defendants. BAD LANGUAGE.—The following were fined for using bad language :—Bridget McCoy.l6,Turner-street 53.a.nd costs ; Annie Cunningham, 21, Turner-street, 55.; James IViannion' Catherine Mannion and Mary Mannion,all of I Welsh's-row, ss. and costs; and Kate Taylor, wife of Samuel Taylor, 19,James-street, 3s. 6d. TI;FADA.Y.—B3fore Dr. Fox (in the ichair), Alderman Hutchinson, Messrs. J. R. Young, C. Jackson Holmes, and W. Richardson. DRUNKENNESS.—NIiehmI Quinn, 6, Buckley's-yard, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Bewsey-road on Monday.—PC's Cooper and Clarke proved the Case.—Defendant was fined 10.3. and costs or fourteen days. REFUSING TO DO MS TASK.—Thomas Lee, a tramp, was charged for refusing to perform his task at the Workhouse on Monday.—ltr. Constable an official at the Workhouse said that prisoner was admitted on Sunday night, and on Monday he was set to break stones, but he refused to do so. The work could have been done in seven hours.—Prisoner who thought it was a wrong thing to perform the task after only receiving a bit of bread was sent to gaol for seven days. WINDOW SSI.kS/llNG.—Williann Caldwell, of no settled abode, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly on Monday night, and also with breaking seven panes of glass at the dwelling-house of his wife Elizabeth Caldwell, in Hart's-place, Bridge-street, valued at 4s. Bd. Complainant said that about eleven o'clock on Monday night she heard a noise at her door and, on going out, saw the prisoner with a big stick in his hand. With this he broke . the windows.—P.C. Fish said that when he arrested the prisoner he was in a drunken state, and used most disgraceful language on the way to the Police Station.—Superintendent Monaghan said this made prisoner's 17th appearance. He was sent to gaol for one month's hard labour. A DESERTER.—John Patrick Mahar, TO, James-street, was charged with absenting himself from the 4th Battalion South Lancashire Regiment, stationed at Altcar.—Sergeant Foster said he found the prisoner asleep on the sofalat 10, James-street.—Onbeingcharged i with deserting his regiment he said "Yes that s right: I expected it before."—The Bench remanded prisoner to await the arrival of an escort and recommended the .officer for the usual award.

TH ERS DA Y.—Before Mr. J. R. Young (chairman), Mr. F. W. Monks and Mr. William Roberts. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY. Patrick Murphy. of *Croft. was filed ss. and costs for being drunk and dis- orderly in ‘Vinwiok-street on the previous day. P.C. Corbett prov ,d the case.—Thomas Flannery, 34, Leonard- street was filled 10s. and costs for a like offence in Horsemarket-street.—P.C.Hewitt stated that the defen- dant was annoying business men on thg corn exchange. It was his 41st appearance.—Annie Roberts, last from Manchester was charged with being drunk and dis- orderly in Factory-lane.—P.C.Corbett found her singing there at 20 minutes to one that morning. She was fined Zs. and costs. ARREARS OF MA INTE.N ANCE.—Thomas Rutter, of Gleeson's lodging house, Bank-street, was committed to prison for two months for being in arrears with his payments for the maintenance of his wife Elizabeth liutter,of Robinson's-yard. WAN CEO NEW CLOTHES.—Tohn Murray an inmate of the Workhouse was charged with wilfully destroying his clothing.—Mr. Constable, an official of the Work- house, stAted that when he went to start the men to

work he found that the prisoner had destroyed his ; clothes because they were getting shabby. The prisoner I thought, added Mr. Constable, that the ratepayers ought to find him with a new suit of clozhes. It was a com- mon practice to destroy clothes to get new ones.— Asked by the chaira:an why he did it, prisoner said he was ashamed to walk along the streets with the clothes hehad.—The Chairman: Do you think that the rate- payers have to find you clothes whenever you care to , tear them up? The prisoner was committed to prison for one month's hard labour.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington County Petty Sessions.

WEDNESDAY.—Before_Mr. John White (in the chair),

and Mr. T. Halton.

_ DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—George Welsby, Croft, was fined 10s.and costs for being drunk and disorderly at Croft on July 28th. Elizabeth Mackintosh, Croft, for a like offence, on July 30th, was fined ss. and costs. Daniel Hanley was fined 10s. and costs for being drunk and disorderly at Burtonwood on August Gth. James O'Brien for a similar offence at Burtonwood was fined ss. including costs. Charles Sutton for being drunk and \disorderly on August Ist at Penketh, was fined ss. includ- ing costs.

Don WITHOUT LICENCE.—Thomas Haigh was fined 75. 6d. costs for keeping a dog without a license. AN I:NU/STAINED CHARGE.--A charge of drunkenness against Albert Carr at Sankey on August Ist was dis- missed.—lifr. Steel defended. Several witnesses were called and proved that the defendant was not drunk. BICYCLE WITHOUT Ll:MT.—Frank Faulkner for rid- ing a bicycle without a light at Poulton was fined is. including costs.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Ebenezer Church.

There was a large congregation in Ebenezer Church on Sunday, when the Rev. Alfred Barratt preached from 1 Sam. xx. 3: "A step between me and death." The Christian, he said, never died, but simply crossed the borderland into eternal glory. For making that one step he urged them to prepare themsalves by thinking of their ways. The rev, gentleman made sympathetic allusion to the deaths of three children of members of the congregation.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
Musical Service at St. Peter's.

An "open" meeting of the men's servise at St. Peter's Church was held on Sunday. There was a large congre- gation. Miss Bessie Eckersley, who possesses a good soprano voice, sang with much taste, as did also Mr. Levi Richardson, tenor. Master Tom Barton, a young violinist of mach promise, highly pleased the congrega- tion with his violin solos, while the boy organist,Master Willie Pierce, played surprisingly well. At the close of the service, the Rev. D. R. James, curate, thanked the artistes for giving them such a treat. Mr. F. Webster was the organist and accompanist. The collections amounted to £l. 9s. 6d., an. increase of 4s. upon last year's amount.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Baptist Church, Golborne-street.

On Sunday both the morning and evening services were takon by the Rev. John Davies. In the evening he preached from the text, "Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example that we should follow in his steps "(1 Peter ii. 21). After speaking of Christ's life and character, the preacher asked the question, could we accept such a lofty character as our example and bring that life into relationship with our own. In answering it he pointed out that Christ had led the way and had triumphed over sin in order that others also might be victors. The Christian life was not an easy one, but as Christ suffered, leaving us an example, so we should be prepared for suffering and loss in striving to follow

===== 0002601_19040820_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rev. J. Davies and "Duty."

There was a well-attended open meeting of the War- rington P.S.A. Society in the. Co-operative Hall,Sankey- street, on Sunday. The Chairman was Mr. H. Taylor (police court missionary), who spoke On" The Pleasant side of Christianity." He urged all to get men into the P.S.A., and help to make more happy homes in Warring- ton.—Miss Hill rendered two solos very nicely and was accompanied on the piano by Mr. Wadsworth.—The Rev. John Davies gave an address on" Duty." He re- minded his hearers of the famous utterance of Nelson, when he said "England expects that every man this day will do his duty." Not only was the sailor and the soldier to do this, and the collier who risked his life under the surface, but everyone. Nobody was sent into this world without a purp me,and unless they all worked for the uplifting of their fellow men they were not doing their duty. True enough there was a great deal of wickedness in the world,but there were so many earnest men in the world trying to do their duty that there was no fear of the Devil capturing all. If all parents would bring Christ more into the home-life, and let their chil- dren have a good influence imparted into them, it would be a grand thing for Christianity.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

The usual meeting was held on Sunday, when there was a very good attendance. Mr. Whalley, of Bolton, a member of the Federation Exe3utive,presided and spoke of .the pleasure it gave him to be present, and also to convey to them the very hearty greetings of the Bolton P.S.A. He also spoke upon the little things of life. The great things of life, he said, were seen and acknowledged by all, but after all the little things of life were the most important, because from them sprang the greater. The drunkard,the swearer and the gambler all started in a very small way. The speaker referred to the sayings club in connection with the P.S.A.as a good beginning in saving. In Blackburn the previous year the members of P.S.A. societies drew out of the savings club over £lO,OOO and in Bolton they would draw outithis week over £2,000.11e hoped Wycliffe P.S.A.would follow the example.—Mr. E. Johnson, 8.A., of Manchester,was the speaker and spoke upon a word that occurs over 70 times in the Psalms and in the Book of Habakkuk " Selah." In pointing out that this was a musical sign he drew some very interesting lessons from the musi- cal services of the Jews and applied them to everyday lifeand experience. Die religion of the Bible, he said was a religion of praise:—The Secretary welcomed four niemhers.th mAmbershm now being 473.—Mr. S. Row- lands and Mr. W. Beswick took part in the meeting. The savings bank onened again with 37 idepositors, the amount deposited being £6 9s. 2d.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
HUMAN LIVES TEN SHILLINGS

EACH.

Ten shillings ! It seems a low price for the life of any man or woman doesn't it?

- Has anybody ever dared to estimate human life at so cheap a rate? Let us turn the pages of history and see. Tn 1802 the British Parliament granted Dr. Edward .Tenner £10,090, and in 1807 £20,000 more, as a reward for his discovery of viccination. When the second bill was under discussion, Admiral Berkeley stated that there was evidence to show that vaccination had saved 40,000 lives in great Britain alone; and that, assuming these lives to be worth ten shillings apiece, the doctor was entitled to £20,000. _ _

Thanks to Dr. Jenner. we have had the whip hand of smallpox for more than ,a century. But is it so with other diseases? Statistics prove that not less than a fifth of our people constantly. suffer from dyspepsia. For ages it has, been the despair of medical men. An eminent physician not long ago wrote thus to a pro- fessional friend: "I would rather see a patient with almost any other disease enter my consulting room than one afflicted with the seven devils of indigestion and dyspepsia." Yet it is about this very disease that thousands ot people write thus: "I cannot express how grateful I am for the good Mother Seigel's Syrup has done me. I don't know where I should have been without it." This is from a statement made by Mrs.D. Bunyan,of 35,Moness- street, Abbott-road, Poplar, E., on Bth April, 1904. Mrs. Bunyan continues: ""[used to suffer terribly from in- digestion. My appetite was poor, and I nearly always had a pain at the chest, which food made worse. Sometimes I would have such violent headaches that If would become dizzy and almost blind. It was impossible for me to eat anything, however 'Ugh- without it producing a feeling of fulness and oppres sion. All energy seemed to leave me, and when not in pain I could have fallen asleep at any moment. This continued for months, until I was quite ,laid up. I tried many medicines without benefit before I thought of Mother Seigel's Syrup. When at length I did so, that was the beginning of my cure and the end of my trouble. The pain ceased as if by magic, and I improved daily. In a week or so I was about again feeling brighter and stronger than ever before. .My health is now excel- lent.' In its own way Mother Seigel's Syrup may fairly claim to do a service as valuable to mankind as Dr. Jenner's discovery. It promotes health, and health is the foundation of wealth.

•There'are bad times ahead for the soap-boilers, to judge from an account given in t!. Kansas paper of a, mountain at Elko, in Nevada, which contains an inex- haustible supply of pure soap. Anyone, we are told, may enter the mine with a butchers knife and cut as large a piece as he wants. It is beautifully mottled,and on being exposed to the air hardens somewhat. The mountain of clay is of fine texture, and•it contains boracic acid, soda, and borate of. lime. Its colour is given it by the iron and other minerals. In its natural state it is rather strong in Alkali, and removes ink and other stains readily. At one tune it was used in all the lavatories of the Pullman cars, but as soon as the fact became generally known the cakes were carried away by travellers as souvenirs. The railway could not supply the demand, so it was forced to discontinue its use.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
The. Examiner, Saturday, August 20, 1904.

WARRINGTON.

The Infirmary. The Hon. Treasurer begs to acknowledge, with thanks a donation by Mr. J. A. Ewart, of

Temporary Authority.

At the florough Police Court on Thursday, George Eastwood was granted temporary authority to sell at the Filecutters Arms beerhouse inFennel-street in lieu of James Jackson.

The Crosfield Conservatory. This conservatory in Bank Park is now open. There is a very good show of gloxinias. The park looks extremely well at the present time, and reflects credit upon Alr. Parker arid his capable staff. A Lymm Licence Transfer.

The licence of the Bull's Head, Cross-street, Lymm, has been transferred by the Altrincham justices from. Henry Dennett to Frederick Roper, of 51, Lord Nelson- street, Warrington, formerly a member of the Borough Police force. NDER the CLOCK for GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. EEC BOOTS FOR ALL.—UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt

Appointment of Organist. Master Wilfred Hardiman, son of Mr. John Hardi- man, Manchester-road, and pupil of Mr. W. H. Payton Mus. Bac., has been appointed organist at the Church of the Sacred Heart, 'Liverpool-road, in the place of Mr. W. H. Kendrick,' resigned. A Correction.

In the prize list of Warrington Show, published last week, the fourth prize for light horses (single and pair) vehicle and harness was stated to have been won by Mr. S. Whitlow of Preston Brook. The prize was won by Mr. J. H. Hackney, jun.,butcher,of Knutsford- road, Warrington.

Local Government Board Inquiry at the Town Hall.

Mr. W. A. Ducat proposes to hold an inquiry on behalf of the Local Government Board at the Town Hall on Thursday next. into the application of the Corporation for permission to borrow £6,000 for private street works and £4,000 for extensions at Longford depot.

BASSINETTES AND 11lArL CARTS in latest art shades.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. The Price of Bread. In consequence of the rapid advances in the price of flour, the bakers are contemplating raising the price of bread. The cane of the advance is damage to foreign crops. It is ceriously thought that the price per sack of flour may reach to 305., in which case the advance wnuld be Bs. from the lowest point,which means a penny on a 41b. loaf. Illness of Mr. Sam Woods. The many friends of Mr. Sam Woods, secretary of the Parliamentary Committee of the Trades Union Congress, will regret to learn that the condition of his health has prevented him from taking the usual steps in preparing for the Leeds Congress this week. The committee's report is well advanced, and Mr. Woods hopes if his health be sufficiently improved to com- plete it next week ready for presentation to the com- mittee in the following week.

Sankey Bridges Band of Hope Picnic. On Saturday about 120 members and friends of the Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Bati)l of Hope had their annual picnic to Frodsham. Mrs. Parker Hoose's establishment at Mersey View, was the distination of the party, and here an excellent tea was provided. After tea the visitors assembled on the field adjoining when all kinds of games were indulged in. At 7.45 the party made their way to the station for the 8.30 train, Sankey Bridges being reached by 9 o'clock. The arrangements were in the hands of Messrs. T. Tindall and W. Wilkes.

Juvenile Rechabites at Frodsham. The members of the Hope of Sankey tent of the Independent Order of Juvenile Rechahites, had their second annual trip on Saturday. The place visited was Frodsham, where they had their tea with the Band of Hope members from the same district. After tea the principal item was racing for prizes. The last race provided fun for the youngsters, when all the elder people who had accompanied the juveniles took part, the winner being Mr. T. Tindall. After the races were over the party assembled at the station, and returned to Warrington by the 8.30 train. The arrangements were carried out by Messrs. F. Jones and C. S. Fellows. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63. SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. The Proposed War Memorial. _ .

At a Meeting of the Workingmen's Committee which is assisting to raise funds for the proposed war memorial, it was reported by the hon. treasurer (Mr. Hope) that the sum of ;£lO7 us. id. was in hand.— The Chairman (Hr. Davies) congratulated the com- mittee on the progress which had been made. A suggestion was made that an angling contest should he fished in the Bridgewater Canal, in aid of the memoriall fund. It was decided to ask permission of the Warrington Anglers' Association to use the canal for the purpose. FOR CLASS AND CHINA Of every description try J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street. Warrington.—Advt. Padgate Church Excursion. The annual excursion organized in connection with Christ Church took place on Saturday, when Llandudno was visited. Nearly one hundred made the journey, among whom.were the Vicar and Mrs. Pollock-Hill, the members of the choir, the members of the mothers' meeting, and the Sunday school teachers of Padgate and Woolston schools. The Welsh resort was reached about 11.30 a.m., and the party dispersed for drives, boating, &c. The weather being favourable, the out- ing was much enjoyed; .-T-he return journey commenced at 6.30 p.m., and Warrington was reached in good time.. me. •

PUBLIC BENEFIT. UNDER the CLOCK for BEST BOCT in LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Death of Mr. John Wilding. Many will hear with regret of the death of Mr. John Wilding, furniture dealer, of Buttermarket-street and Winwick street, who passed away on Sunday evening. The cause of death was syncope. He was out of doors for the last time on Thursday, the 4th inst., and there was then no indication that the end was so near. Three weeks ago he returned from a visit to the Isle of Man and seemed to have benefited by the change. His complaint, however, became much worse a week prior to his death. He was 61 years of age. He had spent the greater part of his lifetime in Warrington and by business aptitude he built up a good connec- tion and established himself as a successful trades- man. The funeral took place in the • Cemetery on Thursday afternoon. LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS and SHOES, UNDER the CLOCK. BRID GE-STREET.—Ad7+- School Children's Treat. Mr. W. C. Jones, of Llannerch Park, St. Asaph, and late of the Oaklands, Preston Brook, kindly gave the day and Sunday sehool children at Daresbury, MoorA, Hatton and Preston Brook a treat on Friday last, in commemoration of the coming of age of his son Mr. Piers Jones. About 350 children assembled in a field kindly .placed at their disposal by Mr. Billington, of the Village Farm, where swing boats, cocoanut stalls, Aunt Sallies, donkeys, &c., were provided for their free use until dark. An excellent tea was prepared , by teachers and friends from the different schools, and partaken of in the Daresbury Council School at four o'clock, after which sports of all kinds for useful presents, were eagerly indulged in until dusk, when the customary cake and sweets terminated a most enjoyable afternoon.

- ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt. Vice-Grand - Master Houghton at Croft.

_ Vice-Grand Master, Bro. D. Houghton, D.C.S., of the Warrington equalised district branch of the ord6r of Druids, paid a visit to the Croft United Lodge at the Joiner's Arms on Saturday. A meeting was held in the Lodge room, presided over by the Vice-Grand Master. He was supported by the N.G.A. and. V.G.A. and P.N.G.A. of the lodge. The Lodge Secre- tary (Bro. Unsworth) showed how steadily the finances of the lodge were increasing.—Bro. Houghton expressed the pleasure it gave him to meet the mem- bers of that lodge, and thanked them for their hearty welcome. In giving an account of the last delegation, Mr. Houghton pointed out the changes made in the administration of the Accident Fund, and informed them that a member of the Warrington district would receive a grant of £l5 from this fund on the following Tuesday. This member had, unfortunately, met with an accident whilst working, and it had necessitated the amputation of four fingers on his left hand. The 'grant in no way interfered with the member's benefits ' from his lodge or district funds. It was an addition at a time when a member was in need of the practical sympathy of the members and his society.—The Vice- Grand Master was heartily thanked for his visit.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCILLOR STOTT AND THE

MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT. --- Criticism of Town Council Apathy.

On behalf of the Independent Labour Party, a large open air meeting was addressed by Councillor Stott last Sunday evening at Bridge Foot. His subject was the Medical Officer's report and its lessons. He re- marked that attempts were made to get a full discussion on the report at the last meeting of the Town Council but without success. Two hours were spent on the Non-Trading Inquiry question, or rather be would say on personalbickering ; but on such an important ques- tion as the health of the town the Council could not afford time for discussion. We were paying £5OO a year .to our Medical Officer and when his annual report is presented, containing valuable suggestions for the im- provement of the health of the town, those suggestions were apparently treated with contempt by many members of the Council. Surely the health of the citizens is of sufficient importance to receive the serious considera- tion of our public representatives. The death rate for the Borough has more than once during recent months been the highest in the country. One week it was as high As 25 in the 1000, and the lowest death fate for the same week for the large towns was 7 per 1000. The high death rate of Warrington was commented upon by many of the leading London and' ' provincial papers. Members of the Town Coun- cil object to Warrington being "blackballed.' ; He, Councillor Stott, had no desire to blackball our I Borough, but the published figures condemned us,and it would be well for us to recognise our true position. Last year the deaths of children under five years of age were nearly half the total deaths of the town. The figures were, for deaths, over five years of age 635, under five years 602. Even though the deaths of adults last year were lower than the average, yet the death rate for all ages was 2 per 1,000 more than the average for the large towns. Last year there were 100 deaths from con- sumption,a disease which is stated by the highest medi- cal authority to be a preventible disease. Councillor Stott read extracts from the report in reference to the condition of the elementary schools, which are seriously overcrowded, imperfectly ventilated, and wretchedly lighted, and conduce to the spread of infection. With the adoption of the new Education Act, we in Warring- ton had unfortunately to take over the control of many schools which were very unsatisfactory from a health standpoint. Many of them were also under-staffed with teachers and caretakers badly paid. In fact we may safely say that some of the schools through lack of funds were worked under a kind of sweating system. Two years ago the Board of Education threatened us with a School Board if steps were not taken to provide additional school accommodation. After sucha length of time, little if anything seems apparently to have been done to provide the necessary accommoda- tion. The speaker suggested that a medical officer should be appointed for the schools, whose duty should be to visit the schools daily and examine any child who appears to be unwell, or who complains of illness. If any are found to be suffering from disease the homes of the children should be visited so that investigations may be made to find out the cause of the disease. Much of the expenditure on elementary education was to a great extent wasted in trying to teach children who were hungry, and who were often thought to be stupid. Steps ought to be taken to make provision for;feeding those children who go hungry to school, and it is a fact that during the last ewelve months many children have gone to school in a morning insufficiently fed. Until additional school accommoda- tion was provided, parents should be discouraged as far as possible from sending children to school who were under five years of age. These reforms would of course i cost money, but n his opinion the health and comfort of the children should be the first consideration. He believed that many of the epidemics might be pre- vented, which would mean decreased hospital expenses, an increased school attendance and consequently a larger Government grant. The question of unpaved streets and back passages had been commented on by the press and from the pulpit, and was a most serious question. Councillor Stott read extracts from the Medical Officer's report in reference to the number of unpaved streets and passages, with which he entirely agreed. Several of the worst streets and passages were referred to by the speaker. West-street in Orford Ward in particular and he criticised the excuses male in the Town Council for %Vest-street not having been psved. For members of the Council to say there were difficulties in the way and that money must first be borrowed before the street could be paved were not sufficient reasons for its still being unpaved, when we find it has been unpaved for nearly 20 years. The property owners were shown too much consideration, and many of them were not deserving of any such consideration. He was in entire agreement with Dr. Gornall that the passing of plans for new property should be madea con- dition that the streets should be formed and paved. Councillor Stott's criticisims on the unpaved back passages were mast scathing. Owing to them being unpaved they were not swept. They tended to encourage dirtiness and filth. In some instances fowls were kept. All kinds of garbage were thrown out and left there to rot. He had seen children paddling in excreta which had accidentally spilled from the pails,or had come from leaking pails. Very many of the ash places were with- out any fasteners, some of them with broken hinges. He had seen in one back pass tge not less than 30 per cent. of these doors open on one particular occasion. The result was that young children could frequently be seen playing in the ash places, stirring up the refuse in the ashbins, and with their childish inquisitiveness peering into the closet pails. Surely that was not a 1 desirable state of things, especially at a time when fever I was so prevalent. rho speaker also referred to the slum dwellings which there are in some parts of the town. Many of these hovels were not fit for human habitation in fact no man would house his cattle in them if he valued them.CouncillorStott suggested that the only real remedy for the housing question was to demolish these wretched buildings which wee° a standing menace to the town and to erect good sound municipal dwellings for the working classes. The provision of a sterilised milk depot was then recommended. They had been tried in many towns and in almost every instance had proved to be beneficial in decreasing the infantile death rate. The cases of diarrhcea amongst infants fed on cow's milk had this year been very numerous. The Medical Officer had told us what ought to be done and if his sugges- tions are not going to be noticed, then in his, (the speaker's,' opinion, those committees responsible for carrying out the work were deserving of the strongest -condemnation. It was the children of the working classes who were over-nrowded in our elementary schools and had to play in our unpaved streets; it was the workingman and his family who had to live in the slums. The children of the workers were killed off at a much more rapid rate than the children of the upper middle classes. The workingman possessed the large majority of the votes and he trusted that those votes would be used to return men to the Town Council who would strive to imProve the conditions under which they had to work and live. If the workers showed they were determined that the seggestions of our Medical Officer shall be carried out then the Town Council dare not neglect any longer.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRINGTON WOMAN'S SAD END. -- .Found Drowned in the Mersey.

The body of Bridget Sankey, 53 years of age, wife of John Sankey, a labourer in the employ of the Man- chester Ship Canal Company, residing at 32, Hind-street, was recovered from the Versey on Sunday near Howley Quay. The circumstances attending her death were inquired into by Mr. Brighonse, county coroner, on Tuesday even;ng, and they were of a distressing charac- ter.—The woman's husband said his wife was addicted to drink, and that during the past'month she had been drinking rather heavily. He last saw her alive at 12.30 on Saturday afternoon, when he went home to dinner. She then appeared to be sober. Hs returned to work and remained there until 5.30. He then went to the house of his married 'daughter in Fairclough's-avenue and arrived home at 11.30, quite sober. His wife was not there, and as he could not see her about he and his two daughters made a search until early in the morning. Eventually they thought she hadigone into a neighbour's house and gone to sleep, and so they went to bed. As she did not return, home on the Sunday, information was given to the police. In the afternoon he heard that a body had been recovered from the river, and sub- sequently he identifled,it as that of his wife. He did not give his wife his wages on Saturday as she would have most probably spent them in drink, but gave them to his eldest daughter, who resides with him. His wife had often gone down to where he worked to ask him for the price of a drink,and he thought probably she had been going to see him on the Saturday night. She had taken two sheets from off the beds in his house, without anyone knowing, and got 26. for them at a pawnshop.— Joseph Rimmer, assistant to Messrs. J. H. and H. M. Jackson, pawnbroker, Caurch-street, said Mrs. Sankey came into the shop at about nine o'clock on Saturday night when she offered for pledge two sheets. She had had drink, but he thought she was quite capable of taking care of herself and gave her 2s. He did not see in which direction she went.—Thomas Etherington. captain of the boat Naseby employed by the Manches- ter Ship Canal Company, and residing at 13, Melbourne- street, said that at two o'clock on si he Raw the body floating at Howley stirnedaet, y Hulme, afternoon Quay. The tide was then coming in. He got a boat hook and brought it to the side. He then informed the police who took the bodyaway.---Acting Coroner Officer Dennett said a dirt and one boot were missing from the body, but that was probably accounted for by pass- ing boats.—The Jury returned a verdict of" Found drowned."

===== 0002601_19040820_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
EIFFEL TOWER LEMONADE.

This article is undoubtedly the most delicious, cool, refreshing drink obtainable, so healthful, so convenient, so cheap-41d. per bottle.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH GARDEN SOCIETY. ____ Third Annual Exhibition.

I The Church Institute at Stockton Heath was on ' Saturday the scene for the third time of the annual , exhibition of flowers plants and vegetables organised by the Stockton Heath Garden Society. The main hall I was lined with tables on which a choice collection of ' flowers and plants was exhibited, whilst the smaller room behind the platform was utilised for the exhibi- tion of vegetables. The show was a distinctly creditable one, and there are evidences in the village that the society has already done flinch to encourage horticulture by creating a healthy rivalry for the prizes offered. This is especially noticeable in the cottage gardens, many of them being perfect pictures with their sweet scented roses and clingingclematis. The number of entries for the show was 10') in excess of last year, but owing to the dry summer, the exhibits were fewer and hardly up to the quality of the flowers shown last year. The vegetables were ketter both as regarded quantity and quality, and hasoffie of the classes there was keen competition for the prizes. The respon- : sible work of judging was performed by the following: Outside competitions, Mr. Parker (Warrington park • keeper) and Mr. Parkinson (gardener at Appleton Hall); ; inside competitions, Mr. J. Lockhart (Walton Hall) and Mr. E. Slater (Norton Priory) ; table decorations, Mrs. T. H. Lyon and Mrs. Vere B. Davies. The flower exhibits chiefly consisted of asters, dahlias, pansies and sweet peas, and additional beauty was lent to the scene by the many groups of flowers and plants sent for exhibition only, these including blooms from , the grounds of Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Lyon, Mr. and Mrs. I Vero B. Davies, the Mayor (Alderman Bolton), Mr. Moore, Mr. E. Vernon, Mr. Leonard Davies, and Mr. G. Tandy,_

Mr'. Vero B. Davies is president of the society, but an unfortunate attack of illness prevented him from being present at the opening ceremony. A meed of praise is due to Mr. T. R.Westbrook (hon treasurer),Mr. F. R. Temperley (hon secretary) and the committee for the excellent arrangements which had been made. THE OPENING CEREMONY.

The Rev. H. V. Pigot presided at the opening cere- mony. He referred to the absence of the President,Mr. Vere B. Davies through illness, and said doubtless his recovery ha fil been retarded by the unfortunate occur- rence which had aroused the sympathies of the whole village, Mr. Davies was a good friend to the Garden Society, and they missed his presence very much. He would now call upon Mrs. J. C. Parr to declare the show open. _ _ _ _

Mrs. Parr said: It gives me the greatest pleasure to be here this afternoon, and lam delighted to see such an excellent display of plants and flowers. There is no more satisfactory recreation than gardening. It is a never-ending interest and pleasure, with always some- thing new to learn. We all appreciate the pretty gardens of Stockton Heath, and I should like to say that many people have especially admired the roses and clematis which grow so well on houses not far from here. This society deserves much congratulation and every en couragement, and lam very glad to have the oppor tunity of opening their show and wishinglthem success- (Applause). Mrs. Parr then presented a number of special prizes. Mr. Plinston proposed a vote of thanks to the judges, and said he thought it only right that the gentle- men who filled such responsible positions should have their work recognized. He had had a look round the room, and could say that all the awards had been made on pure merit and that the judging had been no light task.

Mr. Pearson seconded, and the motion was heartily carried.

Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins proposed a vote of thanks to Mrs. Parr for her kindness in opening the show. He was very pleased, he said, to hear her sensible remarks about the practical usefulness of a show of 'that kind, and, he hoped the words which fell from her lips would be borne in remembrance and that next year the exhibi- tion would show an increase both in merit and use- fulness.

Mr. Broady seconded and the motion was cordially agreed to.

-On the motion of Mr. Pearson, the Vicar was thanked for2pres!ding.

The Vicar said he felt that thanks were due to those responsible for fhe establishing of the society, who had every reason to congratulate themselves. Stockton Heath wal.. progressing by leaps and bounds, and they wished to maintain its reputation of being the prettiest suburb of Warrington. (Hear, hear.) He thought the Garden Society were doing a great deal to help to maintain that reputation. (Applause). THE PRIZE LIST.

The following are the prize winners : Neatest and best arranged cottage garden :-1 and special, J. Moore; 2. Thomas Grounds; 3, Henry Lyons; merit, James Owen. Neatest and best arranged front flower garden :-1 and special, J. Jackson; 2, E. Vernon; 3, T. Grounds. Neatest, cleanest and best stocked greenhouse and special, T. F. Moss; 2.E. Vernon; 3, J. Cartwright. Neatest, cleanest and best stocked back yard green- house : 1 and special, J. Jackson ; 2, F. Acton; 3, J. Owen; merit, P. Moss. Neatest and best display in outside window box :-1 and special, Mrs. J. Jackson; 2, J. Houghton ; 3, H. Lyons.

"Best. decorated table :-1, Mrs. Thomas Moss; 2, Mrs. E. Norbury 43, Miss Lucy Plinston ; commended, Mrs. John Jackson.

Prettiest arranged centrepiece for dinner table :-1, Mrs. John Jackson; no second or third. Three best decorative foliage plants :-1, E. Vernon; 2,F. Acton; 3, J. Jackson.

'Three best plants in flower :-1, J. Cartwright; 2, E. Vernon ; 3, J. Jackson.

Best cottage window plant :—G. Whitfield. CUT FLOWERS. Six asters (any variety) :-1, J. Moore; 2, W. Downs; 3, T. Grounds.

Six dahlias (double) :-1, T. F. Moss; 9, E. Vernon, 3, Mrs. F. Anslow. six dahlias (cactus) :-1, A. J. Mottram ; 2, E. Vernon.

Six dah (pompone) :-1. T. F. Moss; 2, Mrs. Anslow ; 3, J. Jackson. Twelve pansies :-1, T. F. Moss; 2, Mrs. Jackson ; 3, H. Hallard. •

Two bunches of sweet peas :-1, J. Moore; 2, T. F. Moss; 3, C. Plinston. Eighteen violas in three Varieties:-1, A. J. Mottram; 2, Joseph Blinston ; 3, W. A. Tunperley. Collection . of F. Moss. six annuals Hallard ;• 2, no Collection of six hardy_perennials W. H. Wood- awa ls H. cock; 2, no award ; 3, T. F. Moss. Six roses (any variety) A. J. Mottram ; 2, A. Broady; 3, J. Moore. Collection of six earn ations or picotees (six varieties) —l, John Fairhurst ; 2, C. Plinston ; 3, J. Jackson.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
SINGLE BLOOMS.

One aster :-1, W. Downs ; 2, Mrs. Jackson. One carnation :-1, F. Broady 2, John Fairhurst. One rose :-1. J. Blinston : 2, F. Broady. One perennial phlox :-1, T. F. Moss 2 H. 11411ard. One hollyhock :-1, H. Lyons ; 2, T. I'. Moss. One double dahlia :-1, J. Jackson ; 2, T. Grounds. One cactus dahlia :-1, A. J.Mottram; 2, J. Owen. One pompone dahlia:-1, Mrs.ll Anslow; 2,H.Brockle- hurst.

One African marigold :-1, A. Broady; 2, Mrs. Anslow.

One geranium: 1, H. Hallard; 2, Mrs. Jackson. One lily (any variety) :-1, Mrs. Jackson; 2, H. Hallard.

VEGETABLES. Dish of shallots :-1, T. Grounds ; 2,J. Starkey; 3, J. Moore.

Six spring sown onions :-I,A. Broady; 2, J. Moore; 3,H. Hallard.

Six autumn sown onions Moore;2, T. Grounds; T. F. Moss.

3Dish of p eas :-1. J. Moore; 2, H. Hallard ; 3, T. F. Moss.

Dish of runner beans :-1, H. Lyons; 2,T. Grounds; 3, J. Moore. -

Dish of dwarf beans :-1, J. Moore ; 2, T. Grounds; 3, J.. Owen.

'Dish of broad beans:—LT. Grounds ; 2, J. Moore ; 3, T. F. Moss.

Red cabbage: 1, T. Grounds: 2, no award ; 3, J. Starkey. White cabbage ;-1, T. F. Moss; 1, B. Brindley ; 3, T. Grounds. Two cos lettuce :-1, J. Whitley • 2. H. Brocklehurst. Cabbage lettuce :-1, no award Brocklehurst. White celery :-1, J. Astall ; 2, J. Shenton ; 3, J. -

Red celery :-1, J. Moore; 2, J. Shenton ; 3, A. Broad V. Twelve potatoes :-1, J. Astall ; 2, T. F. Moss ; 3, H. Brocklehurst. Six carrots :-1, J. Moore; 2, J. T. Goodliffe ; 3, H. Hallard. Vegetable marrow :-1, C. Brindley ; 2,J. T. Goodliffe. Six white turnips:-1, J. Astall; 2, C. Brindley ; 3, T. F. Moss. Six leeks :-1, no award; 2, T. Grounds. Three beetroots :-1, J. Moore; 2, J. T. Goodliffe ;3, A. Moss. Best collection of vegetable (six) for cottagers only: —l, J. Moore; 2, T. Grounds; 3, J. Astall. Best collection of vegetables (six), open to all mem- bers:-1, F. Anslow; 2, W. Moss. (Prizes in above two classes given by Mr. James Toole). GARDENERS' CLASS.

Best display of plants and flov-vi;WiO cover a space of sft. by 3ft. Bin. (Prizes given by the President) :-1, J. Isherwood; 2, F. Anslow.

GREENGROCERS AND GARDENERS CLASS. Best collection of vegetables (nine varieties) :-1, F. Anslow ; 2, W. Moss. DONORS OF SPECIAL PRIZES. In addition to those already mentioned, special prizes were given by Mr. H. J. Pearce, Buttermarket-street ; Mr. Julian, Victoria-square; Mr. Edmund Caldwell, Whitefleld-road; Mr. Byfleld. Bedford-street; Mr. Garland, Bridge-street; Mr. Jolley, nurseryman, the Market; Mr. George Starkey, seedsman, Golden-square ; Mr. J. Fletcher, WhitefleZd-road ; Mr. David Knight, Old London-road.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR NOTES.

There are some things that are better managed in Chicago than in England. In that enlightened city a Board of Registry has just been established with a view of regulating the issue of diving licences only to those persons who are fit, mentally and physically, to receive them. Intoxicated and reckless persons are debarred from registration, and all applicants must demonstrate that they are perfectly capable of driving and control- ling a car before the licence can be granted them. In England, the payment of the fee of five shillings ensures a licence being granted to anyone who has passed the specified age limit, and the halt, the lame, and the blind all are eligible, as long as they can pay the sum required.

What to do with a slipping clutch is sometimes per- plexing, especially to the comparative novice who may be touring,when the defect first becomes noticeable,sum miles from the reach of expert aid. The first thing to do is to ascertain the cause of the slipping. If it is due to wear of the leather or fibre face,a little powdered resin may be used. To prevent the grip being too fierce it is wise to mix French chalk with it in about equal proportions. Let the clutch be withdrawn and this mixture inserted between the two surfaces.

Should the slipping, however, be found to be due to oil on the leather, resin must not be employed, but plain chalk, or preferably Fuller's earth, should be used instead.

When the slipping is due to a badly worn leather and there seems to be little hope of mending matters by the plan suggested,some advocate the desperate plan of blocking the clutch. This is usually done by inserting bits of cotton waste between the two portions of the clutch so that it becomes wedged in position and cannot be withdrawn. But a little reflection will show that this is indeed a desperate and a dangerous course to take. In the first place, it will be impossible to change the gear, since the clutch cannot be withdrawn, and the driver, starting presumably on his lowest in order to ascend any hill, will run some risk of over-heating the motor. In the second place, it will be extremely danger- ous in traffic or in the event of having to pull up suddenly—and this latter contingency may occur even in a comparative wilderness. It is true that the brakes will be available; but, putting aside the mechanical iniquity of using these with the engine still connected,it is possible that the engine will overrun the car, and in that case there is nothing but disaster to be faced.

When a clutch is found to be slipping badly from excessive wear, the best plan is to use the resin, omit- ting the chalk from the mixture, and to continue to 65 this as the effects weir off, driving carefully whilst she is running towards the nearest garage where a new leather can be obtained and fitted. The progress may possibly be very slow, but it has the advantage of not injuring the motor, and, with patience, the goal will eventually be reached.

As a rule, side-slipping is a thing to be avoided, but there are times, strange as it may seem, when a little skid is very useful. Such an occasio% arises when it is necessary to turn a car designed with a long wheel base in a narrow road. The new 12 h.p. Decauville, for instance, has a longer wheel-base than the older pattern, and is indeed for its h.-p. about the longest on the market. This is, of course, a mechanical advantage, the only drawback being the trouble that a turn in a lane necessitates. However, by a little judicious skidding it is quite as easy to turn the new 12 h.p. Decauville in a narrow road as the old 10 used to be. To acquire the accomplishment of side-slipping in the nick of time is useful for anyone who drives a car with a long-wheel base and is given to rambling in such narrow lanes as abound in parts of Hertfordshire and Essex.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
KILLED WHILST AT PLAY. A Penketh Sad End.

A painful sensation WAS caused in Penketh on S Itnr- day afternoon when it became known that Hilda Unsworth Wood, the six-year-old daughter of Mr. David Wood, of Bold-view, Sankey-road, Penketh, had been killed whilst at play. A sad feature of the case was that the girl's parents had only departed that morning for Southport to spend their hllidays, their little daughter and her sister having accompanied them to the station to see them off. A telegram was immediately despatched to Mr.and Mrs. Wood asking them to return at once. On their arrival at Sankey Station, the sad news was broken to them by the Rev. John Gunnell. —The circumstances attending the death of the girl were inquired into by Mr. Brighouse and a jury, at the Sankey Chapel House on Tuesday evening. Mr. David Wood, father of the girl, was the first witness called. His daughter, he said, was six years of age, and he last saw her alive on the morniagof the accident when he departed for Southport. He did not attach the sliuhtest blame to anyone.

Mr. F.R. Roberts, who appeared for Messrs. H. and J. Heesom, the builders of the property where the accident happened, expressed the deep sympathy of the flrm with the bereaved parents. Mr. Heesom was terribly upset about the matter. He (Mr. Roberts) had personally known Mr. Wood all his life, and would like to add his own sympathy with Mr. Wood and his wife in the sad occurrence.

Harry Gibson Wood, brother of the deceased girl, related the circumstances attending the accident. About two o'clock on Saturday afternoon they were playing in front of some houses in course of erection close to their own home. His sister and another girl had been playing on a temporary bench. Her com- panion was called away and his sister was getting off the bench when it came with her and knocked her down. A loose beam fell off the bench and caught her face and the bench fell on her legs. William Rigby, of Halton View, Widnes, stated that he was attracted to the scene by screams. On arrival he found the child's head under a beam and a joiner's bench across her legs. He released her and she was taken home by her sister. The accident took place on private property. Mr. Roberts said his client had sent hundreds of chil- dren away. The Coroner said the question for the jury was a simple one, though the circumstances of the child's death were very sad. The property, according to a witness, was fenced in, but they all knew what children were, and how they got into places to play. One might think that holding so many inquiries day after day he would get hard hearted on such matters, but he did not because as a father he knewjust what p. father's feelings were. Some parents, in their grief, said things they ought not to say, but which they could not help saying owing to the state of their feelings. Mr. Wood, how- ever said frankly that there was not the slightest blame attaching to anyone, and there was no doubt that was so. They all sympathized with him in his trouble. He would like to say that he (the Coroner) very much appreciated the fact of Messrs. Heesom being officially represented, as it showed respect and feeling. The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death," and expressed their sympathy with the parents. They did not attach blame to anyone.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. RIDER HAGGARD'S DOG AND OTHER OMENS.

Mr. Rider Haggard's recent dream that his dog was drowning and its fulfilment, has caused a " Truth 'con- tributor to revive a number of old stories of omens. Among these is the story of Vandyke, who, having drawn King Charles I. in three different faces, a profile- three-quarters, and a full-face, sent the picture to Rome for Bernini *A3 make a bust from it. Bernini was unaccountably dilatory in the work; and, upon this being complained of, he said that he had set about it several times, but there was something so unfortunate in the features of the face. that he was shocked every time he examined it, and forced to leave off wprk, observing that, if any stress was to be laid on physiog- nomy, he was sure the person whom the picture repre- sented, was destined to a violent end.

The bust was, at last. finished, and sent to England. As soon as the ship that brought it arrived in the Thames the King, who was very impatient to see the bust, ordered it to betaken immediately to Chelsea. It was accordingly carried thither, and placed upon a table in the garden, whither the King went, with a train of nobility, to inspect the work. As they were viewing it, a hawk flew over their heads, with a partridge in his claws, which he had wounded to death. Some of the partridge's blood fell upon the neck of the bust, where it remained without being wiped off. This bust was placed over the door of the King's closet at Whitehall and remained there till the palace was destroyed by fire.

When Georee 111. was crowned, a large emerald fell from his crown; America was lost in his reign. When Charles X. was crowned at Rheims, he accidentally dropped his hat'; the Due d'Orl4ans (Louis Philippe) picked it up and presented it to him. On the Saturday preceding the promulgation of the celebrated ordon- nances by Charles X.'s ministers, the white flag being hoisted on the column in the Place Vendome, and always hoisted when the Royal Family was in Paris, was observed to be torn in three places: the tricolour waved in its stead the following week. On the morn- ing of the rejection' by the House of Lords, of the first Reform Bill," the dawn" was, indeed, overcast with storm.

THE "WHITE KING'S" MISFORTUNE FORESHADOWED. At the period of Napoleon's dissolution, on the 4th of the month in -which he expired, the island of St. Helena was swept by a tremendous storm, which tore up almost all the trees about Longwood by the roots. The sth was another day of tempest, aud at about six in the evening, Napoleon muttered " Tete d'arm4e "and expired. Charles I. refused to wear at his Coronation the robes of Edward the Confessor which all his predecessors had worn, but was dressed in white velvet. Lord Pembroke entreated him not to use that costume, for the mis- fortunes of "the White King" had long been predicted! A sudden storm tore the Royal Standard on the Tower of London at the outset of the Stuart dynasty. Of James 11. there is this omen, amongst many others : "The Crown, being too little for the King's head, was often in a tottering condition, and like to fall off." The same day, the King's Arms, pompously painted in the great altar window of a London church, suddenly fell down without apparent cause, and broke to pieces, whilst the rest of the window remained fixed."

===== 0002601_19040820_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOON.

Viewed through all her phases, from the thin crescen to the fully developed Orb, the moon is tbe largest! most beautiful and interesting object in our nocturnal sky. And from the nights in Eden when Adam first' surveyed the wonderful Lunar phenomena until now, men in all times, and in all degrees of civilisation, hito sought to understand and explain her mysteries. ?" as might have been expected, the result has been (115- appointing, little more than theories having bll, brought to light. • A few facts, however, which, a from its smaller volume, distinguish this great Lnallur ary from the Sun may be mentioned. The light of the Sun which is bright and dazzling, is of a reddish bile' and when its rays are focussed through a burning-glass' they will burn wood, and even fuse metals. Oa thl other hand, the Moon's light is pale and silvery, when treated thronei the lens is so cold that it Wl' not sensibly affect the most, delicate thermometer: Again, the sunlight dries and preserves certain kinds ot fish and fruit; whereas moonlight turns such to putrefaction. Once more, sunlight will often put a coal fire: but such a fire seldom burns brighter than when the Moon is shining upon it. One finds it itaPs. sible to reconcile these simple facts with the Astron,.°; mical teaching that the Moon is not a" Gnat Light, as the Bible says it is, but only reflects the light of We Sun. Hail, lovely Orb, so mild, serene, " That shin'st in thine own virgin ray& ; Thou glory of the nightly scene, Upon thy face we love to gaze ! The stars that in thy pathway shine Thy more resplendent glory own; 13ow to thy precedence divine, And slowly fade before thy throne. In thy pure light Heaven nearer seems, To waiting souls with quickened eyes; And this wide vale a land of dreams, Where only peaceful visions rise. In every land, in every age, Thy charms, that nothing can alloy, Have been to savage and to sage, Unfailing wells of purest joy. And men still love thy gentle reign, That ever com'st the world to bless, With boundless stores of fruit and grain, And Autumn's tender loveliness. 0, then let men adore the Hand That placed the Moonlight in the sky; A priceless boon to sea and land, A joy for every human eye. J. H. W. CLINDINNING.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
LOWEST BIRTH AND DEATH RATES ON

RECORD.

The R 3gistrar General reports that the' deaths regi.We tered during 1932 numbered 535,538, and were in proportion of 16.2 per 1,000 to the population of _de ages. Never since 1837, when civil registration established, has the English death rate been so lovir: this, and the nearest approach to it was in 1894, the rate was 16.6. Dr. Tatham in a letter attached to the report point° out sources of error which may arise in comparison 4 between the death rates of different localities in cone:ci quence of the different age proportions in the seleGtire places. The death-rate of any population is large gt. governed by the relative numbers of persons of difiereed ages entering into its composition atany given tiMels, it is necessary, Dr. Tatham says, to ascertain these relit, tive numbers before correct comparisons can ,f instituted. Taking the several age groups, the rates mortality in 1902 were almost invariably below the Oteer age rates in the preceding quinquennium• but it is n°ther worthy that at the age groups five to fifteen years mortality among females is higher than that nel°lo3, males, and this is true for the urban as well as for t rural areas. The birth-rate in 1902 was 28.5 per 1,000 persons - ing, which was the same as in 1901, but the rate in thr3, two years is the lowest on record. In /895 it WO 335 and half a century or so ago it was generally from to W.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
BRAVE LANCASHIRE MEN.

first The Royal Humane Society last night issued its -bt, list of awards in nearly 100 cases of gallantry bronsee to its notice during the past month. There was ,1 seal increase in the number of cases owing to batherS; 4 river or canal getting into danger. The foll°"" awards were made in Lancashire cases : Bronze medals to Joseph Coupe and Richard B°11; Preston. for their rescue of two youths from the aiu",..-e on July 17. The lads, named Jackson and Dugdale,we' bathing,and getting into deep water called for help.Conl: and Boyd plunged in from the bank and succeeded saving Jackson after a hard struggle,owing to the stroig current. By this time Dagdale had sunk, but ags_ going in b3th men dived,and found him wedged betwer two rocks at the bottom and also got him to the hawn he being apparently dead. A man named Richard Sal' for house, who was present, used artificial irespiration is over two hours, and successfully restored him, fuld given a certificate for his humane action. d, Testimonials Ito Tom C. Booth, engineer, Fleetwe°o for his rescue of two men and a woman from the seY.nty Blackpool on July 9th; to Constable WinstanleY,cnor constabulary, Walton-le-Dale, and Daniel Johnston, r Jo their gallant attempt to save a youth named Parke 1,, b. was drowned while bathing in the Ribble on July ittiee (Constable Winstanley already holds the Socie'for medal) ; to John Lindley, Stoneclough,Mancheste,r, saving William Wood from the Bury and Bolton „11.f;11- at Darcy Lever on July 9th; to Patrick Naughton, °crop street, Runcorn, for rescuing a youth who got 10t03011 water while bathing in the Mersey at Runcorn 00

===== 0002601_19040820_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPEN AL L.

THE CRICKET CLUB.—Northwich was the last Saturday's match, the home team taking first ings. The game produced nothing startling eith.„efere bowling or batting. With 60 totalled the batsmen "nrcis all dismissed. Hughes materially contributed Wted this with his score of 24. Orme and Doughty folici;3l3/1" sis with 11 and 7 respectively. Watson's bowling to? read-7 wickets 22 runs. Grappenhall managed tot of their opponent's total but only by six runs. 133 hiS their 66, Kaye was an easy first with 22 runs t°,,, 9. credit. Fairhurst being next with 11 and Warburt°`:ol The 2nd eleven had the Orford Barracks contingent,r„t managed to win by seven runs, the scores resa'" Grappenhall 94 Orford 87.

A Not

Warning.

The Eminent Food specialist, DR. ANDREW WILSON, says:—

"The practice of adding to cocoa foreign substances should be condemned— cocoa in itself is an excellent and nutritious food, and should be used in a perfectly pure state."

V

, . . t..• ; •4„,. 4.,, q..: •_ ...., ~ 9 • . I 1...,,. .• • . . ",,L. '':!' .; L,;', ' • ," ' .. - . „ . .. . . . . . . . . .. . . ~._ 1 • . _....„ ..,. ''' • Cocoa ,",,, . . . - I , C • j 1 Piaterthelekitei . , , t

Cadbury's is first amongst food beverages because ot its absolute purity and freedom from admixture of any kind.

THE LANCET says "Cadbury's Cocoa under- goes no method of treatment by which foreign substances are introduced.'

Cadbury's Cocoa is therefore a safe, refreshing, and nourishing beverage— suitable for all seasons of

the year.

"A Perfect Food."

Easily Digested.

1;

• • 711

===== 0002601_19040820_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
,milw.")

Author of Holly,

tine Hite

long dri tile hall, it 46 they receive her . for his. A 11Pon the le( the flash c he waited 1 ,er ahe sa Natehed het -Werkrnanshi Ist all of 1 the case. the setting enizralling ol hPai slisslaeevdtinteorgns °a: "Did you

"I notic: not look lik "He is turni: anger.

You mu: "There coul 3'ou2s. It i "That ma Lucy, "I to notice er "Well, if Mrs, Brut dropped. From Paz few days to crossing to furnished, found a p them was Whom she k Bay that. a g days before. arid said and that IT Miss Gresh When told had made Was to be him much i Your route, eXpect ed to

Gob'

It isn

Naptha

Go b) Go by

Fel2-Na

===== 0002601_19040820_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALI SIGHTS RISPIIVIO.I

THE OPAL RING.

EY SHIRLEY RAYNARD, Author of "A Widow's Love Story," "Under the Holly," "Robert Lanyon's Mistake," &c.

It was a very brilliant opal, in an old-fashioned, -curious gold setting. Lucy Gresham slipped the ring on to the third finger of her left hand, and examined it carefully. The light from the candle, which stood upon her bureau, played upon the stone, chewing up the beautiful tints and fire with;.' • She then took up the case in which the rilig -nad been enclosed, and found in the back of grk lid a small piece of notepaper. This she unfold' With trembling fingers, for she saw that the hailers srriting upon it was that of her mother. "My dear Lucy," it ran. "When you read these words I shall be no more. It is my Particular wish that after my death you should always wear the enclosed ring. It has been in talY possession for many years, and, though you 'lave never seen me wear it, I have always looked uPon it as one of my greatest treasures. Many Memories are linked with it, which I am almost te, mpted to disclose, but perhaps it is for your u.rappiness that I should refrain from so doing. enclose it for the last time in its case, know 21 that you will find it when you look throt ga 1313' papers in the old bureau.—Your ever loving tnother, MARY GRESHAM." What could it mean ? she wondered. What Were the memories linked with the ring? She Carefully replaced the little box, blew out' the candle, and sat down in a low chair by the fire. She leant back dreaming of the past, and of the. future before her. Life seemed so strange now that she was left entirely alone, her mother gone ; she who had been the mainstay of her own existence. Fortunately the cares of poverty did ant form part of her musings, for she was provided With a very comfortable income. It was now five weeks since Mrs. Gresham had Passed gently away from life, and Lucy way becoming more used to her loneliness. She wag beginning to depend more upon herself. Necessity Obliges us all to use our limbs, or fall to the ground when our props are taken away. Lucy found that she must now think for herself, and act upon her own decisions. She felt wonderfully free to act as she liked—too free, for she had not a tie lu the world—no one upon whom to pour forth her vast stores of love and sympathy. At twenty-three she was her own mistress, so far as fate will allow auy of us truthfully to use that phrase. In one of the many conversations with her mother during her last illness, Mrs. Gresham had urged Lucy to travel when she should find herself alone. Her Words came back now to her memory, and Lucy resolved to :nake preparations for leaving home at ?ace. The much-loved old home had become a burden to her, filled as it was with ghostly Memories. She decided to spend some time on the Continent of Europe, and as autumn advanced cross the Atlantic and see something of America. The first of June saw Lucy aboard the Channel steamer. She was accompanied by Mrs. Bruce, a distant relation, who was only too glad to be able lo see something of the world at no expense to nerself. She was a good-tempered, pleasant wontitn, with no very pronounced opinions, nor anY great will-power of her own. Months passed away as they wandered from Place to place, staying a shorter or longer time in each as inclination directed. Early in September they found themselves in Paris, where Lucy determined to stay a few days before returning ts ogland en route for America. Paris was delightful in the autumn sunshine. The air was crisp and invigorating, and the girl felt in altogether better spirits than she had done since her mother's death. Health had given colour to her pale cheeks and roundness to her tall, slender figure. She and Mrs. Bruce. thoroughly enjoyed their few days' shopping. _ _ _ _

one arti;on, returning to the hotel after a long drive in the Bois, they walked through the hall, in which several people were standing. As they passed the office Lucy paused to receive her letters. A gentleman was also waiting for his. As he stood he rested his left hand Upon the ledge of, the window, and Lucy noticed the flash of an opal. During the few moments i!he waited her eyes were riveted to the man's ring, 'or she saw that in every particular it exactly a:latched her own. Had the rings been of ordinary Workmanship she would have, thought nothing 4t all of the coincidence, but such was no the ewe. The rings were most curious, both the setting and shape of the opals, and in the enzraxing of the gold. Having obtained her letters, she and Mrs. Bruce Passed on and sat down to dinner. "Did you observe that man who was waiting for his letters?" said Lucy.

"I noticed there was a man, and that he did /lot look like a Frenchman," returned Mrs. Bruce.

"He is wearing a ring exactly like mine," said Licy, turning her own round upon her slender anger. _

You must be mistaken," returned Mrs. Bruce. "There could not be another so curiously made as Yours. It is evidently an antique." "That makes it all the more strange," remarked Lucy. "I was quite close to him, and I had time tO notice everything about it." "Well, if so, it is a very strange thing," said Mrs. Bruce, doubtfully. And so the subject tlrflppe4l._ . _ .

From Paris they returned to London, staying a few days to attend to matters of business before crossing to America. Lucy's house being let furnished, she put up at an hotel, where she found a packet of letters awaiting her. One of them was from the present tenant of her house, Whom she knew slightly. Mrs. Harbury wrote to may that. a gentleman had called to se* Lucy some days before. He had given the name of Remble, and said he had come over from America, and that he had most important business with Miss Gresham. He had seemed very disappointed When told that she was out of England, and had made particular inquiries as to where she Was to be found. ."Of course, I could not give him much information beyond a general outline of Your route. I told him about what date yo" expected to sail for America," the letter concluded

"Strange!" exclaimed Lucy, as she folded tt.* letter. "And from America, too. My fate seem, linked in some way with that country. I suppose the mystery will solve itself in some way if I have patience—most mysteries do." Business despatched in London, Lucy and her companion sailed from Liverpool by Cunard boat, bound for New York. The weather was perfect. Never did the Atlantic shew more consideration, and Lucy, who was a good sailor, enjoyed the voyage from the first. Even Mrs. Bruce started well, and came bravely to her seat for .the first few meals. Hardly were they settled in their Places for dinner when Lucy observed the man or the opal ring walk into the saloon, and, as luck NvoUld have it, he took his place next to Mrs. Bruce. Lucy recognised him at once, and wanted to explain to Mrs. Bruce that he was the man she had seen in Paris, but she was afraid of being overheard, and so waited with what patience she ocMld until the meal should be over. In a short ticae Mrs. Bruce and he were in animated conversation, and Lucy too was drawn into the chat. She looked for and noticed, tile opal ring on hie left, hand—the hand further from Mrs. Bruce and herielf. She quickly decided that,. although Rite had noticed his ring, he should not notice Itf.rs, and, under cover of the table, she twisted it toUnd so that the opal and curious part of the trittving came to the inside of her hand. As ha a.,lidressed the chief part of his ;remarks to lire_ Idt:tice, Lucy had time to observe him at by leisure. He was not a bad-looking man on Whole. He possessed fairly good features art* beautiful white teeth. His hair was almost black, and inclined to be curly, but his eyes attracted attention at once. It was not so much the colour, as the expression one noticed. They were dark and brilliant, and they seamed to have a strong ala.gnetic power. Lucy did not quite like to meet their full gale. He spoke with a slight American accent which did not detract from the interest of Itis speech. . _

Mier Isavine the Irish coast_ th.rm urs..

===== 0002601_19040820_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Fels-Naptha

Go by the book. It isn't worth while to use l'els• Naptha at all if you don't. Go by the book. Go by knowledge; not habit.

Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street Louden E C

swell on toe water, ana the weather, though perfect for good sailors, sent several unfortunate ones to their berths. Amongst them Mrs. Bruce surcumbed, arid Lucy found a vacant chair between her own and that of Mr. Kemble, for such they found his name to be. Asking her permission, he took the chair next to hers until the time that Mrs. Bruce should return, and so she found her- self obliged to be more or less agreeable to him. In course of time she ceased to fear meeting his eyes, and indeed began secretly to like the power of his glance. When Mrs. Bruce returned in two days time she found that the acquaintance had eipened considerably since she left. Sh• wag Piot quite sure she had done her duty as a chaperon, but resolved to be more watchful in the future. She was quite recovered now, and woul I remain at her post. It was the evening before they expected to land, a beautiful evening, clear and still. Most of the passengers were walkine about on deck. Lucy and Mrs. Bruce had strolled about for some time when they were joined by Mr. Kemble. There was nothing unusual in this, as he had become a con- stant companion as the days went by. Mrs. Bruce admired him greatly; in fact, was quite fascinated by hi; courtly manners. At length, being tired, she sat down to rest for a short time, and Lucy and Mr. Kemble resumed their walk. They talked at first of indifferent subjects, but in course of time the conversation became more personal, and at length Lucy was Very much startled to find she was reeeiving an offer of marriage. "This is altogether too sudden," she said, her colour rising. "Perbaps you are right," he said, with some show f humility, letting go her hand, which he ehad taken and drawn through his arm. "But you will at least have patience and hear me to the end. I have loved you ever since I met you, that is my 111;4 and only excuse for my haste; but there is something else, which may at least cause you te consider before giving me your final answer." Lucy looked into his face and saw a strained exyressi. nin his dark eyes. He seemed anxiously trying tt find out how his words affected her. "Yes, I will hear what you have to say," she replied, almost coldly. "Let us sit down here," she went on, withdrawing somewhat from the crowd.

He took his place beside her, and then taking the ring from his left hand he passed it to her. "Did you ever see a ring like that ?" he said. • . "Yes, I possess a ring exactly like it," said silo, calmly. _ _

--4ilinow you do," sad be, looking steadily at, her..

Her colour rose; she was startled. He followed up his advantage. "Now," he said, handing her an envelops. "read this letter."

She took it with trembling fingers and turning s little, so that the electric light fell upon the sheet, read as follows:

"Boston, U. S. A.

"My dear Jack,—Enclosed in this letter you will find an opal ring, which I would have you always wear for my sake. It has a history. When I was twenty-five years of age I became engaged to a woman eliom I loved with all the strength of my nature. Even now that lam an old man wit grey hair, when I think of that time I am strangely moved. It is a long story. I cannot write it all. but I would have you know the main facts of it- She loved me dearly. Our happiness was intero- We were to be married within a month's time, when we were cruelly parted by an enemy, who was jealous of our good fortune. The means employed were anonymous letters, so cleverly con- structed that, although false from beginning to end, they bore the appearance of truth. We had had two rings made exactly alike, and we wore them during that short engagement. They were copied from an old one we admired in a collection. Well, we parted, and never met again until it wst too late. Years had passed away, we were both married, and had. afterwards discovered the fraud. Neither of us was to blame, yet we were parted for always and, Heaven forgive us, we loved as much as ever. It was a bitter meeting, a bitterer part in-4., and it was final. Before we separated we spoke of the rings, and vowed we would keep them to the end of our lives. Now you will understand why I have treasured it so much. There is one thing more, perhaps the most important part of my letter, and yet you, dear Jack, may only dismiss it as a sick man's fancy. I would have you seek out the daughter of this woman, and, if possible, marry her. I know she has a daughter, a charm- ing girl, called Lucy. I have kept myself posted up, at intervals, in her affairs,. although I have never heard directly from her since we parted twenty-five years age. Your position in life, rich as you will be, will prevent your being looked upon as a money-seeker. Mind, I would not have you marry without love on either side, but I fee/ that you must love her daughter, and I trust theft you may win her heart. This at least, I beg of you, asking it ea a last request, that you will go to England, as soon as convenient after my death, and see her, before you engage yourself to anyone else. It is the great, wish of my heart that this union should take place.—Your loving father and well-wisher, "HESILY Kemni.e."

At the bottom of the sheet Lucy found her own name and address.

"Thank you," she said, folding the letter and handing it to Kemble. "It is all very sad." The tears were in her eyes. She was softened. The romance of the story appealed to her womanly nature. He was quick to see his advantage and made the most of it. His voice thrilled and his peculiar eyes held her as by a spell. "Now, you see, we are no longer strangers, and I will always love you passionately," said he. In spite of the magnetic power he exercised there was a strange something in his voice and manner which grated upon her sensitive nature. By a great effort she mastered herself, thrust back her emotion, and rose to leave him.

"I ea;inot think quite calmly to-night," she said. "When will you give me your answer?" he asked. "Do not keep me long in suspense, for I suffer," he added. "Well, then, a week from now. I shall still be in New York at that time. You know my address." With this she left him, and he was obliged to IN content. Scarcely had she gone when he took cigar from his pocket, cut off the end, lighted it, and strolled leisurely up and down. "Shall I succeed in time ?" he muttered to himself beneath his breath. "If I win I must marry her at once or the game is up. Delay means defeat."

The express from Liverpool to London could not fly fast enough for Jack Kemble. The first-class compartment, of which he was the only occupapt. was strewn .over with books and papers, none of which held his attention for any length of time. He thought he had never felt so impatient in his life. In crossing over from New York he had wearied for a sight of land, but now when so near to his destination the hours seemed to lag intolerably. He threw himself back in the corner and tried to interest himself in the landscape, but his thoughts went back to the subject of his unrest.

"Shia' arrive in time to save her from that villain?" he asked himself again and again. As the train drew up at the platform he jumped out, hailed a hansom, and drove at once to Notting Hill. He soon found Lucy's trim little home, but disapplintment met him on the threshold. Upon inquiring whether Miss Gresham was at home he was tolc: by the maid that she had been travelling for some months and was. now in America. ge was about to turn away, feeling completely bullied, when the girl added:

"Perhaps Mrs. Harbury could tell you something more, sir. Will you step inside?" As good fortune woujd have it Mrs. Harbury had that morning received a business n-Jte front Lucy which contained her New York address. This she, of course, gave to Mr. Keinble at once. "It is rather curious," she said, as she handed it to him, "but seine weeks ago another gentleman called here to see Miss Gresham, and he gave the same name as yourself. "I am not surprised to hear that, retorned Kemble. "1 have had reason to suspect for some time that a man has been assuming my name, and my busineas in F.ngland is to try, if possible, to save Miss Or' shitm great unpleasantness." The following day saw him again on board * vessel, I,o4and for New Yozli.

It was evening. Lucy, who had been sight- seeing all day in the city, was feeling somewhat languid. She was wearing a loose, softly hanging tea-gown. She had thrown wide the French windows of her hotel sitting-room, for the weather was still warm. The windows opened upon an iton balcony, and looked out upon a fair-sized square, which contained several large trees. II was a beautiful evening, soft and balmy. A gentle breeze fanned her cheek as she lay upon the snfa set well back from the window. Mrs. Brue- dining with some English friends at the Windsor, and Lucy did not expect her to return for some hours. Lucy had excused herself from going or the plea of a headache, but her real reason was that she wanted to be alone. She had yet to come to a decision about Mr. Kemble's offer of marriage. She knew she was not passionately in love with him, but she thought passionate love would come. She was deeply interested in him; in fact, heo had had a certain fascination for her from her first meeting him. What perhaps influenced her the nicst in his favour was the letter, added to the remembrance of her own mother's words. She felt that in marrying him she would have pleased her mother. She had spent days and nights pondering the matter and wondering what was the right course to take. At nine o'clock he was to come for his answer. Her travelling-clock upon the mantelpiece now struck eight. "Only one hour," she said to herself. surinvinir UD from the sofa. toPte went and stood by the open window, lemming her hot cheek against the cool pane of glass and looked out over the square. The moon had risen. It was almost as light as day. She eould see right across the sauare. A knock came at the door. The waiter =Pounced that Mr. Kemble was waiting below te, know whether Miss Gresham would see him. "Shew him up," said Lucy, listlessly. "So soon," she added to herself, looking at the clock which had only just turned the quarter. he was still standing by the open window when her visitor was shewn in. The moonlight played upon her pretty hair and upon the long, delicate folds of her gown. waTedr. inKtoeulthiee'r'o' Lucy started. She had taken a step forward to oamn.nounced the waiter, and Jack 'fleet her guest, but she stopped. "r 4!•frl.k there is some mistake," she said. "I -....:..pecting a Mr. Kemble, but you are not the

man.". "Pardon me, Miss Gresham," said Jack. "There is a mistake, a very serious mistake, which I am come to set right. lam John Kemble, the son of Genry Kemble, of Boston. I have discovered that a man has been assuming my name, and making use of certain things belonging to me, in order to further deceive. You, Miss Gresham, I have reason to fear, have been in some measure his dupe. I have come to undeceive you if possible. can only guess in a great measure what his plane have been.' "Will you come and sit down?" said Lucy, turning on the light. She saw her visitor. then for the first time, and was struck by his earnest, expressive face. His skin was tanned by sea and sun. He had well- marked features and an athletic figure, and his whole presence seemed to breathe of the open air. His was a face which inspired confidence. You seemed to feel that he was upright and true. - • "Please tell me all that you know," said Lucy, as she sat down opposite to him. "If you will forgive me I must make rather a long story of it," he returned. "I must begin before the death of my father, which took place in Boston last August. One afternoon, -a few days before he died, he handed me a small packet, and said: 'Take this into your own possession and open ik "An I am gone.' i took the packet and locked it in the drawer of .he writing-table in the library, and as I had tech on my mind at that time thought no more .bout it for some days. About a week after his loath I remembered it, and went nnd opened the hnvelope. It contained a letter and a ring. The ing was a curious one, like the one you are now searing." "I have read the letter," said Lucy, colouring. "Then my worst suspicions of Kant are realised," sid he. "But to continue my story. I pushed both ring and letter back into the envelope, but, enfortunately, forgot to lock the drawer. Just then a man, called Kant, was shewn into the room. I knew him slightly, as my father had helped him from time to time, feeling sorry that a man of his ability should not have succeeded better in life. I had felt for some time that my father was being imposed upon, and that the man was a scamp. I determined that he should have no help from me. He came, on this particular day, with s very plausible story, but I was firm, and said he :teed no further apply to me when in difficulty. Before I had finished speaking to him I was called from the room a moment, and when I returned he was at the door ready to go. I dismissed him, locked up my drawers, and went out. About a week later I opened the particular drawer in which I had placed the packet, and found it had gone. My consternation was great, for I had suspicions of Kant, and I saw at once that if he had taken Ale packet great power lay in the hands of a villain. Moreover, I had missed a cheque from the same drawer, and this made me doubly anxious. Forgive me asking, Misg Gresham, but did he not assume my name and make use of that letter and ring ?" 4.Yes," said Lucy, "he did. I can never thank you enough for coining to-night to tell me all this." "I am only too glad if I am able to save you from any unpleasantness," said he. "It seems too bad, that the letter, which I should have scrupled to make any use of myself, should have fallen into the hands of a man like Kant. I followed him to England. and have now traced him back to New York. Perhaps you can give me some idea where he is now ? " "Yes I can," said the girl, trembling. "I am expecting him this evening to receive my answer to his proposal of marriage." "Will you allow me to meet him and deal with him ?" said he. "Nothing will please me better," she returned. They waited for some time. At last the clock struck nine, and almost immediately a knock came at the door. Lucy went. out on to the balcony, where she was out of sight, but could hear every- thing that went on in the room. "Mr. Kemble," announced the waiter. and Kant walked into the loom. Ile came in with a smile, ' expecting to see Lucy, but when his glance fell upon Jack instead he started back and for a —9ment was speechless. "I am a little surprise for you, Kant," said Jack, quietly. "Yes," he returned. "I had not hoped for this pleasure." "I think you are one of the biggest scoundrels on the face of the earth t " said Jack, his temper rising. "Produce that letter and take that ring off your finger before I ain tempted . to knock you down." "I don't see why I should obey your requests," said Kant, with a sneer. "I will chew you why," said Jack, drawing a paper from his pocket and crossing over to where Kent stood. "If you do not. art. exactly as I tell you, 1 will have you arrested for forgery within half-an-hour's time." Kant paled, and his hands shook, but lie drew the letter from his pocket, the ring from his finger, and flung them both across the table. "Take them, you brute!" said lie. "You have won the game, but you were only just in time. Had you been two days later I would have married the girl in your name." This was too much for Jack. He sprang quickly forward, gripped Kant by the shoulders with . his strong, muscular hands, shook him, and put him out at the door. A mimes later Lucy saw him cross the equate. Then the humour of the situation struck her, and she hicOled. "Thank you so much," she said, returning to the room: "It must. be delightful to be a man "Yes," returned lie, "there is a certain kind of satisfaction in an interview of this sort--on my side, at any rate, whatever may be the opinion of Kant on the subject. lam not sure that I have done right in letting the fellow go free," he went en, "but I did not care to imßrison one for whom my father had had a soft place in his heart. it is nlo possible that, your name might have been dr..wn into the matter, which I am sure you would wish avoid." ~en only thank you most. truly," said Lucy, seriously, looking straight into his face. He then took his leave, but it was nct long before Lucy saw him again. A month later .Tack fulfilled his father's desire by proposing marl-item to Lucy Gresham. l If, had learnt to love her deeply and elle noir kne f also what passionate love was. She accepted hi i, and the two opal rings were worn once more %i an engaged couple. - They often wondered i such would have been the case had Kant never !...)lon the ring. [The END.]

===== 0002601_19040820_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
•

THE "MEMBER FOR CYPRUS" SPEAKS.

Mr. R. Pierpoint's Concern for the Cypriotes.

In the House of Commons on Saturday, on the motion for the third reading of the Appropriation Bill, Sir Albert Rollitt asked for information regarding Cyprus, and suggested that that island could be used with advantage for cotton growing. Mr. Pierpoint regretted to hear Sir Albert Rollit make the statement that the island of Cyprus was a burden to this country. So far from the island being a burden, out of the revenues of Cyprus a large debt guaranteed by England and France was paid. Sir A. Rollit : I merely meant that owing to the payment of the tribute there is a balance against the Island which for the present is made up by the British exchequer. So far from being a burden the island is likely to be of great benefit to this country. Mr. Pierpoint said the Exchequer was relieved from the payment of .£41,000 and France from a similar amount under the guarantee of the loan of 1855. His hon. friend hoped that the tribute might be commuted, and if nothing better could be done he joined in the hope. He, however, called attention to the words in the original bond, "England swill pay." There was nothing whatever about "Cyprus will pay," and there was no consultation of the Cypriotes when the bond was entered into. As a legal question it could not be maintained that the tenants on the land were liable for the interest on it mortgage, but that was what the course adopted meant. Part of the original intention was that Cyprus should be made -a place d'arrnes and that there would be large Imperial etipendi- titre in the island, but that intention had been abandoned. A later idea which had been favourably considered by the late Colonial Secretary was that the island might usefully be made a free port and emporium for the Near East where goods might be received free of charge and whence they might be dis- tributed throughout Asia Minor. Merchants might azcummulate goods there, and deliver them in Turkish territory, and the island would be greatly benefited. Reports showed the difficulties the Cypriotes had to contend with from recurring drought, and it was rather hard that from an average revenue of £lBO,OOO they should be liable to pay a tribute of nearly £93,000. The consequence was that nearly every year Cyprus had to come for a grant in aid of £30,000. But this was after the payment of £41,000 to the 1855 bondholders, so that this country benefited to the amount of £11,600 Mr. Pierpoint waS about to draw attention to changes he considered desirable in the new rules,but the Speaker reminded hinithat this matter did not arise in discussion on the Bill.

The Colonial Secretary contended that great benefits had followed the remissions of taxation amounting to £190,000 in Cyprus. The Appropriation Bill was eventually read a third time amid cheers.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STRONG MAN OF THE EMPIRE.

An anonymous writer has a striking character study Of our new First Sea Lord, Sir John Arbuthnot Fisher, in the September number of the "Pall Mall Magazine." "To understand the nature of the task which Fisher," says the writer," has accomplished and that which he Is about to undertake, remember that the English fleet,un- like the Japanese, is hampered with obsolete survivals from a distant past. It is only a few months since the issue of boarding-pikes was discontinued to his Majesty's ships. Since the French, the Russians, and the Germans used iron or steel, boarding- pikes have been of no use, but their issue was continued for fifty years in our Navy after they were useless. This is the evil spirit which Sir John Fisher has had to cast out: because a thing existed in Nelson's time therefore it is right. The labours of Hercules were the pleasant solace of a summer day compared with the task of impregnating the Royal Navy with the scientific spirit. The work is not complete, but nine- tenths of what has been done is due to Sir John Fisher. The spirit of Nelson happily survives in full strength, but along with the spirit of Nelson there survive other things which are better dead. Fisher performed his gigantic task in silence. He made no speeches, with the exception of the diseourse at the Academy dinner ; he published no articles; he abhors pressmen; he does not advertise. At four o'clock every morning he is at his desk, and with the relentless persistence of machinery he coins will-power into work day after day, week after week, month after month, until at last he fills the greatest office in the Empire—that of First I Sea Lord—the man who orders the fleet."

===== 0002601_19040820_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
HALF A SOVEREIGN IN HALVES.

A woman complained at Tottenham on Tuesday that when she offered half a sovereign—which was quite sound—in payment for a pair of shoes, the shopkeeper took it in his teeth and bitit in halves. The magistrate said he would be obliged to replace it.

etters from people who have recelvfed greatkanefit from the use of Clark's Blood Mixture, It cannot be too highly esti mated for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities This is a good testimonial from the• Family Doctor." which goes on further to say: It is the finest Blood Purifier that selence.t.nd skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it .to our subscribers and the public generally." For Scrofula, Scurvy, Bczerna. Bad Legs. skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and sores of ill kinds the effects are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials. (1 arlt'6 Blood Mixture is sold everywhere at 2s 9d per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes. Advt (4).

CLARKWS B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in eithe Sax, all acquired or constitutional discharges from tut Urinary Organs. Gravel and Pains in the back. Free frod Mercury. Bstabliehed upwards of 30 years. In boxes 46, B- each, of all chemists and Patent Mediline Vendors through out the work', or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— Advt.

FLORILINE !—FOR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thorollgh7 cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities. barde n the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay. and gives to th teeth a peculiar pe4rly whitenesS and a delightful fragranoe to the breath. Price 2e. 6d. for the liquid, or le. per jar for the " Powder," of all chemists and Perfumers,— Advt.

VALI/ABLE lIIISCovERY IrE TEI HAta.—lf your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MExICAN HAIR ItHwicwite, for it will positively restore. in every case. grey Or white Lair to its Original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, all well As promoting the a rawtl3. Price 35." :',er bottle.- • "•*.vss

TO MOTHEDP. _CI rip. WlNsLow's Soothing ayrup nag oeen used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their chil- dren while feething.with perfect success. It, will relieve the poor uscueffserneartnirmami pleasant to taste ; and quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes .. as bright as a button." all Chemists Is. ljd per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED ! Hos. ou. AUTOMATIC KNITTER

Provides Genuine HOME WORK. .arns 15/. and upwards weekly. ;asli or Special Easy Hire Term& WWI Takes, Ulm Is7l, Write. W . SOUTRWAR‘C Sr LoanoN, Agents Wa ed. Beware of misleading offers of work on worthless achines.

„c t I ,

===== 0002601_19040820_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY AND

===== 0002601_19040820_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRE PROTECTION

of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Repovt on EXISTING Arrangernonts.

WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS:

MERRYYIEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
. ,

•

• t

J

4

Si

I

•

L

. •

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

";-1, z ;.r : • ", y

r4.4.1.t

• . , - - . , _ ,

===== 0002601_19040820_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
:4-0. .

Possess the following qualities in a high degree:— They STRENGTHEN the STOMACH They REGULATE the BOWELS They PURIFY and ENRICH the BLOOD They give TONE to the whole NERVOUS SYSTE purely fz4inveergael vegetable, BEECHAM'S PILLS cooringiani,n n btott drugfireg re beneficent and sure.

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS. .nalish and Foreign Picture Frames. Bvery requisite for the trade. Reeding A Speciality. Largest stock of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTBRN BCOK. 16) pages, With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTBH OF ULASS• GLASS STOCK LISTS Filllll ON APPLICATION.

H. MORELL, 17 18 CHEAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY LONDON WC • . • • warehouses : 11, 121 and 13. Beel'a Yard, and 41. Neal Street, (in the rear). Telegraphic Address: —" Rabbitry, London.- Tolophnne A 135 Central

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40:3-7;." NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used In the ltoyAl Laundries. Should be used In every house. Once tt ied, always wanted, MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEI%

The greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Ninish tostarchedLinen.Laces.etc It does not stick to rpider-web-liae materials. SOld everywhere in Packets at Id., 3d.. and 6d.. each.

PREPARED ONLY BY

T. eßirenLny. Chemist. BLACKBURN. 7, Wbiter tr'r,. London. H.O.

BLAIR'S GOUT ANDI , RHEUMATIC PILLS

A LOTION MAY TEMPORARILY SOOTIIE,BUT A BLAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL goes to the root of the mischief, and is really the only true remedy for

Gout, Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Lumbago. All Chemists and Stores ens. lid. and 2s. 9d.yer box.

I SA VI LABOUR. sibd I SA VI THS CLOTHRS. Writt for C. I. 10c.,. 'km 1 fres so arna•atisfe. THOMAS URAL:WORD A 00., 1140, 141, and 140, I-Imm HOLNORIN, Lescsoat ; Vicresta AVIMiII, DIANIICIATZ, lot•pecmasTsit; ." Ded....reign, i LIVIRPOOL ; CRJUICINT IRON Weal!" gALIIIIMIIk

Tins, 3d. 6d.& 1/.

, • -

- At 7 IV

TOWLE S • ~„„. 1=5,0....:P1LL - S TO BE .S'AD OF ALi CIIEM/STSJII BOXES I/1 2/R 3 0R460R SEITLOWNERE ON RECEIPT OF AZifOR ‘• STAMPS BY EZTOWLE&C.I66.IOM RON NOTTINCHAMt .

WASHING AT HOME. EIRADvozwE "VOWEL XLS. W.Lp4.IEINVI~ as 4 litainglthe naohlass SAVE TIME,

===== 0002601_19040820_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
They will restore you to health if you give them a chance.

BEECHAM'S PILLS have ever enjoyed the confidence of Ladles for the ailments peculiar to their sex.

Sold Everywhere In Boxes, price Is. tic.. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. (16S Pills) with full directions.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0107.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_19040820_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible, not later than Thursday.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_19040820_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
The Primrose League.

Sir,—"The Primrose League' is more in their way, with its silly sentimental title," so spake Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, once upon a time, and what he says, he -says he says and there's an end of it. Mi.. Joseph Chamberlain, speaking in the House of Commons, 29th, May, 1903, said something else: "If you are to give a preference to the Colonies . . . you must put a tax on food." Mr. Chamberlain must, however, be wronr, in that assertion because Mr. R. I. Wynne-Jones speaking at the Primrose League Fete, held at Walton Park, on Saturday last, is reported to have explained briefly what Mr. Chamberlain's planks in the political platform are and, somehow, his transla- tion hardly coincides with Mr. Chamberlain's. , More profit for the farmer, More employment for the labourer. And cheaper food for his family.' And then, Mr. Bottomley speaks and hurts the Liberals sorely. "He remembered saying in Warring- ton recently that their Liberal friends were lying like, gas meters, and he still held to that." Mr. Bottomley knows something and he ought to be good enough to enlighten the Liberals in their waywardness. He tells us what Mr. Chamberlain wants. "He had declared that his policy, if carried into effect, would not increase the price of food of either the richest or the poorest in the land" Wonderful! Itis quite clear evidently, to the members of the Primrose League that a tax on food will not increase the price. That is one of the disadvantages of ignoring figures—they, some- how, will tell the truth nnless they happen to be on gas meters, of course.—Yours Szc.,

===== 0002601_19040820_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
BUTTERCUP. Rev. H. Dunnico and his Critics.

Sir,—Your correspondent W. H. Bell junior, has placed himself outside the realm of respectable discus- sion so I will content myself by stating that his state- ments are absolutely void of truth. Were I to imitate his methods of debate I should of course clothe this statement in language more forcible than polite but fortunately for my own self-respect I have a much less vulgar vocabulary at my disposal. There are three things I desire to mention. First Mr. Bell denies hav- ing written under half a dozen noms de plume. Well to be strictly accurate I desire to say that within a p.eriod of six or seven weeks he has used at least four different "signatures." Prior to that he had Ncritten anony- mously in more than one local paper. Your readers will therefore see that my statement which he denies is as near as it can be to truth. The second statement is that wherein he states that with my knowledge and consent be addressed a Bible class in connection with my own church. Mr. Pepper has already refuted that statement. I was not aware that he was expected until an hour or so before he was due and it was than too late to vetohis coming without placing him in a very awkward position. However I gave instructions that he must not be allowed to visit the class again and refused to attend and take part in the meeting. It is only fair to say that Mr. Pepper was not aware that Mr. Bell had visited Scotland-road Music Hall and found enjoyment there nor that he had publicly repudiated his belief in God. On the other hand it is inconceivable to me how any honest and consistent person could ask permission to take part in a meeting held for the sole purpose of worshipping" One" in whose existence he did not believe but this is quite in harmony with the ethics which govern his whole life. The third statement made is that wherein he would have your readers believe that he visited my house as a personal friend. I beg to say that Mr. Bell has simply availed himself of an invitation given to the hundreds of young men who attend my ministry. I may add here that Mr. Bell made such persistent efforts to absorb my time that on more than one occasion he has politely but firmly been refused admission. I treat his cheap sneers and false accusations with contempt, but at the same time pity the smallness of his mind. In conclusion may I point out that the one contention which I sought to prove—and which has drawn from Mr. Bell such a venomous and vitriolic attack—still awaits refutation, viz., that had your readers known that the "anonymous" correspondent who 'deemed himself com- petent to instruct and criticise "Christian Churches," "Christ's ' Example," "Political Clubs," "Social Brotherhoods," &c. ,2Pas W. H. Bell, a youth in his teens and one who found "Variety Stars " and "Music Hall ditties" more palatable to his refined and esthetic temperament than sermons which for months have attracted thousands of hard-headed honest working people then they. would have estimated the letter and its writer at their true worth.—Yours sincerely. HERBERT DUNNICO:

P.S.—T did not ascertain that "P. 8. was Miss 13eatrice Pemberton in confidence. it was public pro- perty long before I made use of the information.

[ln response to Mr. Dunnico's request we have sus- pended the closure of this correspondence in order that be might make the above personal explanation. The discussion must now,however, cease.—ED. " Ex."'

===== 0002601_19040820_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
The Cost of "Conscription."

Sir,—The question of universal training for national defence is of such vital importance that anything which tends to confuse and mislead the public mind in the matter is to be deplored. Although the National Service League is not con- cerned to defend the recommendations of the Duke of Norfolk's Commission in favour of a year's training fot a home defence force, we feel compelled therefore to enter an emphatic protest against the extraordinary statement just issued, "showing the basis on which the estimated cost of £25,900,000 for Conscription was made." To begin with,the annual contingent is reckoned to be 380,000 men—the total number who reach the age of eighteen every year! Now, to realise the absurdity of such an estimate as the basis of a serious statement given in an official paper. we have only to set down the numbers nominally available in the case of the chief milit7ary powers (which have no regular army) and the numbers actually available for the Army and •Navy,after rejections on physical grounds, exemptions, emigra- tion, &.c., have been alloived for. The figures are (1) (2) (3) (4) Percent- age of Population. Nominally Actually column available. available. 3to 1. France ... 38.600,000 ... 324,000 ... 206,500 ... C• 53 Germany 58,000,000 ... 400,000 ... 360,000 ... o'sl Austria... Hungary 45,400,000 ... ? ... 125.000 ... 0'26 Italy 32,500,000 ... 348.000 ... 178,000 o'sl Russia -.143,000,000 ... 870,000 ... 651.000 --- (incl. Opolo- chenie) 219,000 (excl. Opolo- chenie

0•45

0•15

An annual contingent of 380,000 for the United King- dom would mean that nearly one per cent. of the whole population would be actually called up, i.e. nearly twice as many as in France, Germany and Russia, and four times as many as in Austria-Hungary! But the utter unreality of the basis given in this State document will only be fully appreciated when we remember that no allowance has been made for rejections on physical grounds and that, while the above contingents represent the recruits available for the whole military and naval , forces of the respective countries, not only our Regular Army but a Navy of 126,000 &lien has to be recruited from the 380,000 youths of eighteen. Now the ratio of rejections among those voluntarily presenting them- selves for enlistment is 38 per cent. (60 per cent. if rejections by recruiting officers are included). Taking the whole male population, the rejections would he at ' the least 40 per cent. leaving 228,000. Of these, 16,000 would have enlisted into the Navy, 40,000 would be needed for the Regular Army, about 18,000 would be serving in the Mercantile Marine, about 15,000 would be exempted on various gronnds, and at least 5.000 t would have emigrated (the number of emigrants of British birth is 206,000 annually). This would give 134,000 as the annual contingent of the home defence' forces, which with the numbers allowed for the recruitment of the Army and Navy would still be double the parcentage of men actually available for the Army and Navy in Austria-Hungary, and nearly as many as in France and Germany. We note that Mr. Arnold-Forster puts the cost of the conscript, home defence soldier at .£72 10s. per man, only 30s. less than that of the present regular soldier, and that he is to receive pay at Army rates, the patriotism of the English people being apparently considered far below that of Austrians, Swedes, Germans. Prussians,' Japanese, etc. Even so, this would give us £3,671,000 as the extra cost of a conscript Army, after deducting the cost of the Militia and Volunteers and 30,000 Regulars. But there can be no reason why we should regard the British people as the least patriotic in the world, and in that case the rate of £72 10s. Der head would be considerably reduced. and the £4.414,000 given by Mr. Arnold-Forster for doubling (!) the pay of the regular soldier would fall away, giving us a net gain of at least £1,000,000 on the annual estimates. it would be easy to show that this would be hut a small part of the advantage accruing frorp the adoption of national training for national defence. But we hone that the above examination of the official figures will undo some of the harm which must be caused by a fallaciousbasis on which the cost of universal training even in its most extreme form, has been presented to the people upon a matter of supreme importance, not only to the national safety, but to the physical, moral and industrial efficiency of the people. I have the honour to be, your obedient servant, GEORGE F. SHEE, Secretary, The National Service League. Mere House, Victoria-street, S.SV., 17th. August, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCILLOR MAGMIN'S HUGE PICNIC.

NEARLY 2,000 CHILDREN AT LYMM.

Councillor Maginn has established a record in War- rington as an organiser of children's picnics. On Thursday his second picnic for the school children of St. John's Ward was held and it was carried out on the same extensive scale as its predecessor of a year ago. Twenty-eight conveyances, comprising brakes and omnibuses and two steam traction engines drawing large waggons were requisioned to convey the large partly to Lymm, and it is quastionable whether such a sight as that i!oresented on Thursday has had its equal in the country. As 'bus after 'bus, ladea with smiling youngsters, proceeded on its way in what seemed an almost interminable procession, the onlooker could not fail to be impressed by the immensity of the undertaking and the responsibility attaching to this juvenile expedition. Councillor Maginn personally superintended the arrangements and they were as com- plete as his generosity to the children was bountiful. The conditions attaching to the picnic were that the children must reside in St. John's Ward and have attended school regularly for the first six months of this year. The number of children who qualified for the picnic was 1582 and this number together with some others who were allovv&I to join the picnic were safely conveyed to Lymm and back and entertained in a large field at Statham at Councillor Maginn's sole expense. Tea was also provided for 130 invited guests. The weather was beautifully fine, with the exception of a slight shower just as the children were preparing to leave for home. Swings and other attractions were provided free tot the children and it is a matter of course to say that they heartily enjoyed themselves. The duty of catering for this large company was under- taken by Mr. S. G. Collins, of the Spread Eagle Hotel, Lymm, and it was discharged satisfactorily. The chil- dren were provided with tea, bread and butter, buns, and current cake. Valuable assistance was rendered by some of the teachers from the schools, school attend- ance officers and friends, and it is satisfactory to record that not a single accident marred the day's enjoyment. A large number of parents journeyed by train to witness the proceedings. MR. MAGINN THANKED FOR HIS GENEROSITY. An excellent knife-and-fork tea was seryed to the invited guests in one of the large tents which had been erected. At the close Mr. John Dewhurst proposed a vote of thanks to Councillor Maginn. He explained that this year there was a proviso that those children who attended the picnic should make the full attendances at school, and the head teachers and assistants were astonished at the large number who had fulfilled the conditions. They were only sorry that those children who had made full attendances but who did not live in St. John's Ward were not able to attend the treat. He understood that Mr. Maginn's main object was to encourage- more regular attendance at school among the scholars, and his kindness had . increased the attendance to such an extent that the Government inspector had pointed out the overcrowded state of the schools. Mr. Maginn's kindness of heart was very great indeed. He had got them into a difficulty from overcrowding and perhaps it would not be too much to ask Mr. Maginn to build new schools in Warrington. (Laughter). Mr. Maginn: Out of the ratepayers' pocket. (Laughter). Mr. Dewhurst said apart from that, new schools wer6 needed and if they were provided he thought it would do away with a great deal of the sickness amongst chil- dren. (Hear, hear). He thanked Mr. Maeinn not only on behalf of the scholars but also on behalf of the friends who had attended. Mr. Edward Wallington seconded. It was his first vu,iton such an occasion, he said, and he must sap he was greatly surprised to see the very great benefit Mr. Maginn was conferring upon the town. In the first place he had brought these children out into the coun- try and they could hardly if realise how children who spent the whole of their lives in the town really en- joyed the outing. In the second place Mr. Maginn had given a very great help to the town beciuse the more tt-e children attended school the greater the Govern- ment grant and consequently the smaller the demand upon the rates. Every time a child attended school added the Government grant and the grant was completely lost if the children were absent. The education rate at the present time, he supposed, was between ninepence and tenpence in the £ but if every child in town attended school regularly he thought the education late would easily be reduced to sixpence in the pound, because the additional grant would exceed £2,000. In the third place Mr. Maginn was conferring a very great benefit upon the teachers because when the children attended school regularly the work of the teacher was materially reduced, as the children learnt more easily. For these reasons he would be very glad if there were more benevolent and philanthropic men in Warrington like Mr. Maginn so that the picnic could be extended to all the childi en in the town. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Upson said he could bear testimony to the kind heartedness of Councillor Maginn in providing that treat for the children. After emphasising the remark of Mr. Wallington that other gentlemen would follow Mr. Maginn's example, Mr. Upson expressed the opinion that the picnic was not altogether the outcome of Mr. Maginn's desire to reduce the rates but it had come out of his kindness of heart. (Hear, hear.) The vote was carried with acclamation. Mr. Maginn in acknowledging the compliment, said it was stated twelve months ago that he had an ulterior object in giving the picnic and that was to assist his candidature for St. John's Ward. That was not his object, and could not be his object now, for he was a member of the Council. He regretted that his offer of a year ago that he would be one of ten gentlemen to give a treat to every little boy and girl who attended school regularly had Rot been taken up. It might be thought that the expense entailed would be entirely lost, but he had proved that the money was more than repaid by the additional grants which were earned as the result of the improved attendance. By attending school nine times more a year than they would by irregular attendance,each child would earn a shilling additional grant and that shilling would pay for the cost of the picnic. It also had the advantage of assisting the school attendance officers in their work. He held that a child who attended school by force was not as good a scholar as the one who went voluntarily. By encouraging regular school attendance they were also reducing the burden of the ratepayer. He had now given the picnic two years in succession and if be did not repeat it another year it would not be through any lack of desire on his part but through lack of funds. (Hear, hear). Mr. MAGINN acknowledged the assistance of the caterer, a compliment which Mr. Collins acknowledged.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SMOKE NUISANCE.

Messrs. Crosfield and Sons and the Mayor.

[TO THE EDITOR OF THE " EXAMINER:I Sir.—We shall be obliged if you will insert in your next issue the letters enclosed herewith. The corres- pondence speaks for itself, and requires no further com- ment from us.—Thanking you in anticipation, yours faithfully, JOSEPH CROPSY.FIE LD & SONS, LTD. CO

15th August, 1904.

His Worship the Mayor, Town Hall, Warrington. Dear Sir,—We notice, as reported in the " Warring- ton Guardian " of Saturday last, that in your speech at the Town Council meeting last Tuesday evening, you made a statement to the effect that we are sending out sulphuric acid instead of black smoke from our works chimneys. As this statement has no foundation in fact, and as we are sure you would not intentionally do us any injury, we shall be glad if ycu will retract the charge as publicly as you have made it. The writer of Town and Country Notes" in the same paper, under the same date, without taking the slightest trouble to verify the statement, has assumed it to be correct, and has made what we consider to be an extremely objectionable comment thereon. A criticism of this character, following upon your remarks, is calculated to damage our reputation, and we have no doubt you will do whatever is necessary to put the matter right forthwith. If you can furnish us with any information as to the source from which you were supplied with the particu- lars which caused you to make the inaccurate statement referred to, we should be very much obliged for the same. We will take the liberty of sending this letter to the Local Press, together with your reply.—We beg to remain yours faithfully, JOSEPH CROSFIELD & SONS, Ltd.

COPY. Offi Town Clerk's ce, Warrington. 16th Aupst, 1904.

Dear Sirs,-1 am directed by the Mayor to acknow- ledge the receipt of your letter of the 15th instant and to inform you that the statement made by him in the Council that works chimneys were emitting sulphuric acid was not intended to have special reference to your works, as he had not your firm in his mind although the previous speaker had been referring to your works, and he regrets that a contrary intention has been inferred from the report of the proceedings of the Council. His Worship has no objection to your making use of this reply in any way you think proper.—Yours faithfully, J. LYON WHITTLE.' Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons Ltd., Bank Quay, Warrington.

A magnificent statue of Apollo of colossal size, and in perfect condition, has been unearthed in the excava- tion of the theatre recently discovered at Carthage. A magnificent cameo, bearing the figure of Pallas wearing the helmet, has also been found.

SUGAR KEEPS DEAR.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, - - „

L-i

' • 4

===== 0002601_19040820_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 20, 1904

or drunkenness, or improvidence, be quartered on the rates? I hear some queer stories about those who are luck- y enough to be kept by the Corporation. If a horse 'lnds itself there any day, it knocks off half its work, and slows down to half speed, and takes life by the smooth handle afterwards.

Those of us who work bard, and pay rates and taxes, and keep the wolf from the door by ceaseless effort, cannot afford to set up an asylum at our own expense for the lazy, and the incompetent, and drunken loafers who do not believe in work. These dregs of society should be sent to some labour colony, five miles from any public-house, and they should live on what they earn, and no more. I would sternly repress our" Tired Tims," and " Weary Willies," and the vast army of tramps and loafers who live like parasites on the workers. And I would reserve our municipal and parochial charities for the maimed, and the halt, and the blind, and the fatherless, and the aged poor. If any man thinks I am hard on a certain section of our unemployed, who tramp from Land's End to John O'Groats in search of a job and never manage to find one, he must remember that I know them, and I am up to some of their little games. And familiarity breeds, not pity, hut contempt.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.I

SOCIAL SERMONETTES FOR WORKING MEN.

BY JOHN TAYLOR.

Author of "Search Lights on Land, Labour

and Social Problems."

===== 0002601_19040820_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CRUSADE AGAINST WORK.

"What men want is not talent, but purpose; not the power to achieve, but the will to labour."— LYTTON.

We have among us to-day some foolish and mischiev- ous teachers who are doing infinite mischief to the cause of labour. They are teaching men that work is a degrading thing, and that all the workas who are com- pelled to earn their own living by the sweat of their brow are little better than slaves. They are telling men that capitalists exploit their labour, and rob them of a large proportion of their earnings, and that the worker should take life easier' and put in less time, and when he loses his situation he should quarter himself on the municipality or the State. and insist on being main- tained at the public expense. Now if these statements were true I should be one of the first and foremost to, seek some relief for our oppressed workers, and to better their condition in life. But I believe they are absolutely false, and lam per- suaded that the lot of the average worker is largely what he makes it. And I believe if we quartered our unemployed on the State or on the municipality, the remedy would be ten times worse than the disease.

_ I ex-pect I shall get into trouble for uttering these sentiments, but I have a duty laid on my conscience, and I must protest against any gospel of laziness and inefficiency and vindicate the cairns of honest labour. If I stir up a few wasps' nests in the operation,so much the better. If I set men thinking Phave done my duty, and I shall sleep the sleep of the just. I.—WORK IS NOT A DEGRADING THING.

All honest, intelligent work is ennobling and inspir- ing. Let a man be keenly interested in his daily duties, and give him the will to labour, and he will feel that life is worth living. He will have something to think about and look forward to that will inspire him with hope and keep his head above water. There is always hope for the man who is willing to work. It is the man who flings down his tools and says it is no use try- ing again that usually dies in despair. Thomas Carlyle was one of the hardest workers of his time, and his profoundest truths were woven from his bitter experience of /ife. He spent months and years in writing his "History of the b'rench Revolution," and when he had finished it, John Stuart Mill borrowed the manuscript and sat up one night reading it. When he went to bed he left the precious papers on the table, and a careless servant lit the fire with them next morning. What that loss meant to a poor author nobody can tell. Carlyle was strick dumb by the awful shock, and for a fortnight he hap:lly spoke a word. Mill gave him one hundred pbunds to keep the wolf from the door, and when he saw that his immediate wants were likely to be met, he sat down and wrote a new history that he said was better than the one that had been destroyed. A man who has had such rough experience of life as this,may well regard honest work as the worker's salva- tion. He says: "All work, even cotton spinning, is noble. Work is the mission of man on this earth. A day will arrive when he who has no work to do, by whatever name he may be named, will not find it good to show himself in our quarter of the solar system, but may go and look out elsewhere if there be an idle planet discoverable. Let the honest working man rejoice that such law, the first of nature, has been made good to him, and hope that by-and-bye all else will be made good. It is the beginning of all. Let wastefulness, idleness, drunkenness, improvidence take the fate which God has appointed them." If you doubt the wisdom and truth of Carlyle's teaching you had better look round you and see what samples of manhood and womanhood are produced by the teachings of our pothouse politicians and our gutter reformers. Go through the streets of any of our large towns any night after factory hours and see how our young people are wasting their precious time and de- moralising themselves by bad company and degrading habits. Our future hnsbands and wives are graduating in the music-hall and the public-house, and they are learning manners among Hooligans in the streets. If I had my way they would be at work, learning to mend their own clothes, and cook a decent meal, and keep a house clean and tidy. And yet we have self-appointed prophets among us who are everlastingly advocating less work, and shorter hours, and a lower standard, of efficiency, and more recreation and frivolity. The men who are carrying on the crusade against work are as dangerous to the community as the gambling hell or the ginshop. Our young people can get into lazy, drunken, extravagant habits without any teaching, and the men who lead them astray should be sternly dealt with.

11.-INTELLIGENT WORK IS USUALLY THE

FORERUNNER OF SUCCESS.

It is the ignorant, unskilled, untrained worker that comes to grief. There must be some proportion between the means used and the end that is aimed at, or failure will be assured. A man stopped me the other day and asked me to buy some worthless notepaper and some useless pens. He had a small parcel of these articles wrapped up in brown paper, and he was tramp- ing from door to door in the hope of making a living. If he had stolen all his stock-in-trade and sold it ata fair market price he could not have realised enough to pay him for his trouble. His trade was fore-doomed to failure, and he knew it, but it gave him the excuse for a bit of cadging, and that is important to the men who are always on the road" and everlastingly "stoney broke."

The men who founded most of our factories and work- shops, and industrial concerns rose from the ranks of the workers. They were Door enough when they started, and they worked a great deal harder than any of their workpeople. They did not lie in bed till eight, and go to business at nine or ten every morning, and leave off at four in the afternoon. They did not spend their evenings at the theatre, or in the public-house,or in the boozing club, and their week-ends at the seaside, and their holidays on the Continent. They had to watch their pennies and eat the bread of carefulness, and they rose from the ranks by sheer hard work, and steadfast purpose, and unflinching self-denial, and these moral qualities were the making of them. Dr. Aitkin says: "An eminent manufacturer of those days used to be in his office before six o'clock every morning, accompanied by his children and his apprentices. At seven o'clock they all cam" to break- fast, which consisted of one large dish of water por- ridge, made of oatmeal and a little salt,boiled thick,and poured into a dish. At the side was a basin of milk,and the master and his apprentices, each with a wooden spoon in his band, without loss of time dipped into the same dish, and then the milk, and aa soon as they had finished they all returned to their work." The men who laid the foundations of our great industrial enterprises knew before they started that they would have to make great sacrifices, and they would have to work hard and deny themselves if they were to succeed. So they took a lively intelligent interest in their work, and they found to their surprise, that they were not only building up factories and workshops that would enrich them and employ their neighbours, but they were building up characters for themselves. It is this element of personal character that our pot- house politicians and our gutter prophets overlook. You can find a donkey that can carry a bigger load than a man, but you can never make that donkey into a man. You can get a machine that will do certain kinds of work better than any man, but you can never invest that machine with human qualities and give it intelli- gence. So long as men and women are content to com- pete with their lowest rivals they must not complain about competition. If a man has a good trade in his fingers, and has a practical. Intelligent head on his shoulders, and is willing to work, he ought to know his way about sufficiently to be his own employer, and strike out a new and original line of life for himself. If such a man ever becomes a slave to anybody it will be his own fault. fie has the mental, and physical, and moral qualities that lead to success in life, and there are thousands of our best w,drkers who are travelling that road to-day. lII.—COMPETITION ALWAYS HITS THOSE HARDEST WHO CAN DO THE LEAST.

Perhaps you will be offended with me if I look at this question through economic spectacles fora moment. If a man is only fit to do a donkey's work the economist will say that he should be content to feed on grass and thistles and have a bed of straw. If he is competing with a steam- engine he should be able to live on coal and water. A man's value to-day does not depend so much on his size, and weight, and strength as it de- pends upon his intelligence, and ability, and efficiency. I often wonder whether the young people of this generation are making donkeys and machines of them- selves, or they are trying to make themselves into real men and women. Take a score of the ignorant young loafers who rush off every night as soon as work is done, and spend the evening in the streets or in the public. house, and cAompel them to pass some sort of examina- tion, and you will be surprised how little they know. Beyond their daily round and common task in the factory, or the forge, they are RS ignorant as boat-horses If work is slack, and they lose their situations, theyare done for. They cannot turn their hands to any other trade, so they cut each other's throats and pull down wages in their own particular branch of industry. The remedy for this keen competition is a wise and generous extension of our educational system, with pewer to compel all ;young people under sixteen years of age to attend evening continuation classes and pass satisfactory examinations. Knowledge is power, and any worker with brains and industry may soon get on in the ladder of progress, and rise beyond the reach of the keenest competition at the bottom. Why should any able-bodied worker who has wasted his opportunities, and demoralised himself by idleness,

===== 0002601_19040820_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHILDREN'S SUMMER CAMP.

Interesting Report by Mr. W. H. J.

Jenkins,

The Hon. Secretary to the Warrington Children's Summer Camp,Mr. W. H. J.Jenkins,has kindly favoured us with an advance copy he has prepared of the annual report to be presented at a meeting of subscribers. The report reads as follows : n an article which appeared a few days since in a leading journal on the report of an inter-departmental committee on the physical decay and loss of stamina amongs certain classes of the British people, it was observed while there seems to be reason for accepting the conclusion of the committee that there is not suffici- ent ground for the belief that there is any general pro- gressive physical deterioration, there is revealed never- theless a serious falling away in the fitness of certain classes, and a great number of the people who are wholly dependent for subsistence on their own exertions are bodily unfit and incapable of making those exertions properly. Not merely are many of the poorer classes unfit q to fight in their country's battles, but they are positively unfit to bear their own part in the battle of life."

Conclusions such as these give rise to serious concern as apart from purely moral considerations, the physical well-being of any and every class in the community is a matter of supreme interest to every citizen. It will I trust Rot be thought inappropriate that the obser Mons before quoted form other than a fitting preface to my report on the work carried on by the Committee of the "Children's Summer Camp" during the present season. Having secured (after no inconsiderable amount of trouble) the tenancy of four acres of land, the property of Lady McLaren, abutting on the sea shore and with a splendid prospect of the Welsh hills to the southward at Towyn, in the parish of Meliden, near Prestatyn, the work of organization was begun. Arrangements were at once made for a supply of drinking water being laid on to the camp, the erection of the necessary cook's shanty and storeroom with and out offices necessary for the officers and children. Having regard to the uncertainty of the finances, it was decided to make use of two marquees given by a friend for officers' quarters and mess room, bell tents being requisitioned for the children. Sonie of these were also used subsequently by the officers being found secure, comfortable and wind proof. The services of the same staff as last year were secured.—Mr. F. J. Emson, officer in charge, Messrs. F. H. Aukland, Alexander, Malcolm, Gordon Dawson, Inspeotor Hackett, Alexander Chappell (in charge of tents) and James Macfarlane (cook). During the third week the services of Messrs. Ryan and Seed were obtained in lieu of two officers who were unable to stay longer. It suffices to say that the efforts of all the officials, act- ing as officers, whose services were gratuitous' deserve the fullest appreciation, and all who worked to make the camp life both for the children and those engaged in what were certainly arduous duties go smoothly and enjoyably, merit the warmest thanks and recognition. When it is borne in mind that the cooking and serving of over 300 meals a day, in addition to other multifar- ious duties had to be performed, the working of a camp is not quite " a playground for the officials "as some uncharitable persons have been kind enough to indicate. The first batch of boys were sent tt camp on the 15th July. Headed by the band of the Blue Coat SchoolBo children assembled at the Drill Shed by the kind permission of Lieutenant Colonel Edelsten and pro- ceeded to Bank Quay Station and thence to Prestatyn. The same methods were adopted each week. Thus 84 boys were despatclied on the 22nd July and 96 on the 29th July the last contingent of boys thus ending their holiday on the sth August. There is not room within the scope of this report to give more than a brief analy- sis of the pleasures afforded by camp life. Bathing in the sea! country side and seaside jaunts amid rural scenery and healthful surroundings ; instructive lessons given by trained men in natural history, physical geography and the geological formations in the district which are perhaps from the abounding mineral strata as interesting as any part of the British islands. The ex- periment of taking a batch of girls to camp having been decided upon the work was Approached with some degree of misgiving as to its likelihood of success. A volunteer lady superintendent was found in the person of Mrs. Wilkinson. with the following eight volunteer lady officers :—Misses Emson, Bailey, Haley, Laurie, Dickenson. Fairclough,Jefferson, and Taylor. To these , officers our very special thanks are due, as without any previous experience Mrs. Wilkinson undettook a very responsible post, and most ably fulfilled the duties, the young lady officers cheerfully and with ungrudging devotion giving her every possible support and assist- ' ance. Seventy-two girls assembled at the Drill Shed on the sth August, and with their ' officers marched in orderly fashion with many mothers and friends to the Irailway station at Bank Quay, and from thence landed safely in camp. There they braved" the tempest and the breeze "like heroes. I have everyreason to believe that both the children and the officers spent a most enjoyable week, the storm of the early part of the lweek being forgotten in the health-giving experience of the remaining part of the holiday. • I venture to think that the girls have won a per- manent place in our holiday programme. The Hon. Treasurer (Mr. A. H. Lee) and some members of his family during the week the girls were in camp took a practical interest in the work an.l rendered all the assistance in their power to make matters go smoothly by living in camp and taking a full share in the neces- sary duties and detail of camp life. The girls' week being of an experimental character they were exceed- ingly anxious it should pass off without hitch or mis- hap. " All's well that ends well," and the girl's week is not the least satisfactory of the experiences of the season's work.

It is sincerely hoped that the efforts made by the committee will be attended with a large measure of success in assisting to build up the physical condition of the children and increasing their stamina and fitting them to fight the battle of life successfully and become good and useful citizens. That has been the primary aim of the work. There is every reason to believe that it has been attended with very satisfactory results. Both the hon. treasurer and myself have taken every possible interest in the work. The Director of Educa- tion (Mr. J. Moore Murrey) and his staff have also rendered willing and important service for which our greatest thanks are due. I cannot close this report without thanking Mr. Linnell (Lady McLaren's agent), Mr. and Mrs. Ellis and many others at Prestatyn for their uniform kindness and assistance during our stay there. I was in attendance each iVeek end and saw that all necessary provision for the comfort and well-being of those in camp was made. The genial weather has made the camp work much easier to carry out than under less auspicious circumstances. I would however impress upon you the necessity of making provision in the way of shelter for the children to play and take their meals, and also for holding evening meetings should there be a spell of inclement weather.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
ANALYSIS.

Boys in Camp. Ist week 2nd week 3rd week Hamilton Street School 4 ... 4 6 Heathside School 7 ... 6 ... 8 Latchford National School 6 ... 0 ... 0 Latchford St. James' School 8 ... 4 1 LatchfordSt. Mary's School 5 ... 4 ... 2 Sacred Heart School St. Alban's School St. Ann's School 8 6 10 St. Barnabas School St. Benedict's School 3 ••• I ••• 2 St. Mary's School Silver Street School 7 ... 11 ... 14 Wycliffe School 6 8 12 Holy Trinity School 3 ... 5 ... 5 Warrington British School 3 9 Parochial School lO ... 18 9

80 . 84 96 Making a total of 260. ANALYSTS. Girls from August sth to August 12th. Heathside School Latchford National School Latchford St. James' School Latchford St. Mary's School Sacred Heart School 4 St. Alban's School 3 St. Annes 'School 8 St. Barnabas School St. Benedict's School 4 Silver-street School Warrington British School Wycliffe School ........ . St. Mary's School Holy Trinity School Hamilton-street School 5 Fairfield School ............... ... Ladies' School of Industry 2

===== 0002601_19040820_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
HATTON HORTICULTURAL SHOW. NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. List of Prizes.

The tenth annual show promoted by the Hatton Amateur Horticultural Society was held on Thursday at Hatton Hall, the residence of Mr. James Parr. The weather was beautifully flue, in striking contrast to the wet weather of a year ago, which militated against the success of the show. Forty pounds had been offered in prizes and there was keen competi- tion in some of the classes. The exhibits showed a great improvement, both in quality and quantity. The exhibits were shown in tw6 tents. There was a fine display of cut flowers, and a special feature was the artistically arranged dinner tables, for which special prizes had been offered. The Walton Brass band was in attendance, and played a selection of music. Tea was served in a tent in charge of the Misses Dar- linaton.

In addition to the indoor exhibits, prizes were offered for the best outdoor' exhibits. Mr. John Kippax was an easy first for the best stocked and neatest flower garden. The opening ceremony was performed by Mrs. Lyon of Appleton Hall, and amongst those present were Lady Greenall, Mrs. Wynne-Jones, Mr. and Mrs. John White, Mr. J. E. Seeker, Rev. F. Clifton Smith, Hon. and Rev. C. F. Cross, Mrs. and Miss Pigot, Miss Milner. Miss Groome, Mrs. and Misses Blair, Mrs. Fletcher, Dr. Bower. Mr. T. Baxter, C.C., Mr. and Mrs. Rumney, Mrs. and Miss Ridgway,Mrs . Bowden, Miss Braids and others. In declaring the shoe open, Mrs. Lyon spoke upon the uses to which flowers could be put. Not only were they used at church festivals and in beautifying the homes, but they performed a useful service in the hospitals by making the wards more cheerful. The beautiful crosses and wreaths at funerals also touched their hearts and reminded them of the rssurrection. In speaking of the homely vegetable Mrs. Lyon expressed the opinion that in England it was under-valued. In other countries, vegetables were more generally used and there was no doubt that they were excessively nutritious. She did not think that an excessive meat diet was very good and a greater use of vegetables was desirable. (Hear. hear). The Rev. F'. Clifton-Smith proposed a vote of thank to Mrs. Lyon, and in referring to the work of the Horticultural Society, he said anyone going through Hatton could not fail to see a great improvement in the gardens. Mr. R. Warburton seconded the vote of thanks and it was unanimously carried. Mrs. Lyon acknowledged the compliment. Lady Greenall intimated to the Secretary (Hr. Hatton) that next year she would offer a special prize for button- holes and table decorations for cottagers. the flowers to be grown in their own gardens. THE PRIZE LIST. THE JUDGES.

Farmers' produce: Messrs. Thomas Baxter and James Whitlow, Cottagers' gardens and produce: Messrs. John V. Smith and Edward Slater. Honey: Mr. Herbert Potts. Butter and eggs: Miss Baxter. Table decorations: Mrs. Lyon, Mrs. Rumney and Mrs. Fletcher. Baskets of wild flowers: Miss Blair and Miss Ridgwny.

SPECIAL PRIZES.

Special prizes given by the President (Rev. F. Clifton- Smith), for neatest and best stocked kitchen gardens: Ist, J. Done 41 points; 2nd, H. Maddock 24 points ; 3rd, W. Duncalf 19 points; 4th, J. Green 17 points. Special prizes given by Mr. J. J. Whitley, for best stocked and neatest flower gardens: Ist, Green 22 points ; 2nd, James Kippax 16 points; 3rd, E. Dutton 15 points; 4th, L. Leach 13 points; sth, W. Duncalf 12. Special prizes given by Mr. James Parr, for best stocked and neatest flower garden (competed for by Mr. Parr's tenants only) : Ist, John Kippax 50 points; 2nd, P. Cliffe 19 points ; 3rd, J. Rutter 16 points: 4th, J. Cliffe 15 points; sth, T. Rutter, sen. 14 points; 6th, James Dutton 12 points; T. Britland 10 points. Special prizes given by Mr. James Parr, for the best stocked and neatest kitchen garden (competed for by Mr. Parr's tenants only) : Ist, T. Rutter, sen. 34 points ; 2nd, J. Cliffe 26 points; 3rd, T. Britland 16 points ; 4th, James Rutter 12 points. Special prizes given by the President (Rev. F. Clifton-Smith) for the prettiest decorated dinner table with out-door flowers. Cottagers only: 1, -1. Cliffe; 2, John Kippax; 3, Mrs. Jockson ; h c, H. Maddock.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
VEGETABLES.

Potatoes, three varieties: 1, J. Miller; 2, W. Dun- calf ;3, T. Britland. One cabbage, red: 1 and 2, J. Miller; 3, T. Rutter. sen. One cabbage, white : 1 and 2, J. Green ;3, J. Cliffe. Two cauliflowers: I,J. Done; 2, J. Miller; 3, W. Gleave. Six spring onions: 1, J. Miller; 2, E. Heesom: 3, J. Cliffe. Twelve Bulbs shallots : 1, J. Jolley; 2, J. Miller; 3, J. Jolley. Six leeks : 1 and 2, J. Green ;3, W. Duncalf. One dish peas : 1, J. Miller; 2, T. Rutter, jun. ; 3, E. Heesom. One dish broad beans : 1, J. Miller; 2. T. Rutter, sen.; 3, E. Heesom. One dish French beans: 1, W. Gleave; 2, J. Garner; 3, W. Gleave. One dish scarlet beans: 1, T. Rutter, sen. ; 2, E. Heeson ;3, J. Cliffe. Two sticks celery, white: 1, W. Gleave; 2. James Kippax ;3, T. Rutter, sen. ; Two sticks celery, red or pink : 1, F. Kippax; 2, James Kippax ;3, W. Gleave. One vegetable marrow, wnite : 1, H. Maddock; 2,W. Duncalf ;3, G. Cotterill. One vegetable marrow, green : 1. H. Maddock; 2, J. Done; 3, G. Cotterill. Two ,cabbage lettuce : 1. J. Green ; '2, J. Done. Two cos. lettuce: 1, \v. Green; 2, J. Gleave. Six carrots: 1, J. Miller; 2, J. Green; 3, T. Rutter, son. Six turnips: 1, J. Cliffe ;2, NV. Gleave; 3, T. Rutter, sen. Six beetroots: 1, J. Miller; 2, G. Cotterill ;3, W. Gleive. Six parsnips : 1, J. Done ; 2, T. Rutter,sen : 3.W. Gleave. Twelve sprays parsley: I,J. Miller; 2,W. Duncalf; 3, T. Rutter,sen. Collection of vegetables: I,J. Done; 2.J. Done; 3, J. Miller.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
FRUIT.

One dish apples—cooking: 1, J. W. Wright ; 2, J. R. Wilkinson; 3, J. W. Wright. One dish apples—desert: 1, P. Cliffe ; 2, P. Cliffe ; 3,J. Green. One dish pears : 1, John Kippax ; 2, J. Miller; 3, J. NV. Wright. One dish gooseberries : 1, AV. Duncalf ; 2, NV. Duncalf ;3, J. Garner. One dish currants—red: 1, T. Rutter, sen ; 2, J. Green. One dish plums: 1, 2 and 3 Mrs. Ball.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
WINDOW PLANTS.

One begonia : 1,2 and 3, G. Cotterill; One fuchsia— double: 1, J. Garner ;2, John Kippax ;3, G. Cotterill ; h. c. G. Cotterill. On fuchsia—single: 1, 2 and 3, John Kippax. One geranium : 2, J. Rutter • 3, John Kippax. One pot musk: 1, J. Garner; 2, T. Rutter, sen. ; 3, T. Rutter, sen. One ivy geranium: 1, J. Butter; 2, John Kippax; 3, J. Garner. Three window plants— any variety: 1, John Kippax; 2, H. Maddock; 3, J. Rutter.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
CUT FLOWNRS.

Six double dahlias; 1, P. Cliffe; 2, J. Cliffe. Six single dahlias : 1, and 2, P. Cliffe; 3, J. Rutter. Six cactus dahlias: 1, F. Kippax; 2, J. Rutter; 3, P. Cliffe. Six pompon dahlias: I,l'. Rutter, sen.; 2,J. Cliffe; 3, J. Rutter. Six asters: 1, P. Cliffe; 2, F. Kippax; 3, P. Cliffe. Six marigolds-French 1, F. Kippax; 2, Jas. Kippax. Six marigolds-African: 1, and 2, G. Davies; 3, J. Green. Six carnations: 1, INirs.,Jackson; 2, L. Leach; 3,0. Davies. Six pansies: 1, Mrs. Jack- son; 2, G. Davies; 3, J. Cliffe. Six spikes ten-week stock: 1, P. Cliffe; 2, John Kippax; 3, J. Green. Six spikes gladioli: 1, J. Rutter; 2, P. Cliffe; 3, H. Maddock. One bunch sweet peas: 1, John Kippax; 2, F. Kippax; 3, J. Rutter. Six roses: 1, Mrs. Jackson. 2, .T. Cliffe; 3, P. Cliffe. Collection of cut blooms: 1, John Kippax; 2, P. Cliffe; 3, H. Maddock. Open clsses for general competition within the Society's District.-Six brown hen eggs : 1 and 2, G.J. Baxter; 3, E. Heesom ; hc, Exors J. Blackshaw. Six white hen eggs: 1, W. Blackshaw ;2, J. R.Wilkinson ; 3, F. Hatton; hc, Exors J. Blackshaw. Six tomatoes: 1, F. Kippax ; 2, J. Cliffe.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
GREENHOUSE PLANTS.

One fuchsia—single: 1, J. Cliffe ; 2,.J. Green; 3, J. Cliffe. One fuchsia :—double: 1 and 2, F. Kippax; 3, J. Green. One begonia: 1, J. Clue; 2, F. Kippax. Three plants—any variety: 1, F. Kippax, 2, J. Cliffe ; 3, F. Kippax. Four 1-lb pots honey: land 2, J. Ward; 3, E. Slater; hc, F. Hatton. Special prizes given by Mr. W. Cartwright,Moore. Three sections comb honey: I.F. Hatton; 2, T. Percival. ___ _ _ _ _

Basket of wild flowers, arranged at the show by children between the ages of 12 and 15: 1, Edith Part- ington ; 2, Martha Partington ; 3. Janet Duncalf. Children under 12: 1, Fred Cliffe; 2, Percy Duncalf; 3, Tom Rutter; h c, Katie Jolley. Special prizes given by the President (Rev. F.Clifton- Smith), for the prettiest floral decoration for the dinner table. Competed for by ladi;:s only: 1, Miss E. M. Hatton; 2, Miss M. IL Earp ; 3, Miss Woods; h c, Miss A. Darlington.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
FARMERS ONLY.

Six potatoes-3 varieties: 1, T. Warburton; 2, R. L. Warburton; 3, W. Fowles: hc, H. Mawdsley. Three swede turnips : 1, R. L. Warburton ; 2, J. Dobson. 3, W. Fowles. Three common turnips: 1, T. Warburton; 2, H. Horton. Two ox cabbage: 1, G. Dean; 2, J. Dobson. Three mangolds-red : 1, T. Warburton ; 2, W. Fowles; 3, J. Dobson. Three mangolds-yellow : 1, T. Warburton • 2, W. Hall ; 3, R. L. Warburton ; h c, G. J. Baxter. 'Twenty-four ears wheat : 1, H. Horton; 2. G. J. Baxter, 3, R. L. War- burton hc, H. Mawdsley. Twpnty-four ears oats - white: 1, H. Horton: 2, W. Hall; 3, W. Fowles ; hc, J. Hopley. Twenty-four ears oats-black: 1, T. Percival ;2, T. Percival. Butter-1 lib. and 2 Lb.: 1, J. Taylor; 2, J. Darbysbire ; 3, J. Hopley : h c, J. Dobson. Special prizes of 6s. and 4s. given by Messrs. Dickson and Robinson, Manchester, for roots grown from seeds supplied direct in 1904. Three yeUow mangolds : 1, T. Warburton ; 2, R. L. Warburton. Three swede turnips: 1, Exors. J. Blackshaw ;2, Mrs. Brocklehurst. Special prizes of Os. 6d. and 4s. given by Messrs. Webb and Son, Stourbridge, for roots grown from seeds supplied in 1904. Four swede turnips: 1, Exors. J. Blackshaw. Special prizes of 6s. and 45., given by Messrs. Garton. Ltd., Warrington, for roots grown from seeds supplied in 1904 : 1, R. L. Warburton ; 2, W. Fowles. Three swede turnips : 1, R. L. Warburton; 2, J. Whitlow.

A retired Fletchertown collier, Eilbeck Brown, over 70 years of age, was run into and killed by a train on the Bolton Loop Line, near Mealsgate Station, Cumber- land, on Wednesday morning. Mr. Brown was for 44 years a local preacher of the Wigton Primitive Metho- dist Circuit. At one time he was an ardent cocktighter and it is related that on being converted he killed the cock,and invited the minister to help him to eat it.

SUGAR IS DEARER.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
Cricket.

The Warrington team has either struck a bad vein or islfinding its level very rapidly.lf the truth be candidly admitted I think the all-round strength of the side was rather over-estimated in the earlier part of the season. They were not quite so powerful as their all-conquering record tended to show, but played with a confidence which was worth both runs and wickets every time they stepped on the field. Once the spell was broken and Warrington descended to the position of a good Saturday eleven, while other clubs took them boldly in band. Bootle, and now Ashton-under-Lyne, have both hand- somely avenged severe drubbings inflicted by Warring- ton during the team's hey-day of success. On Saturday the batting of the Warrington team was of the tamest description, and only one player reached double figures, this being Bibby who compiled 25—just half of War- rington's paltry score.

1 This is anticipating events somewhat. The visitors I were the first to go to the wickets, and made a very ; unpromising start. The Ashton captain played the first ball sent down in a manner which seemed to indicate that he was not ready to begin. At any rate Lynes got I his %wicket and continued to bowl with such judgment land accuracy as to secure fctur wickets by the time 25 I runs had been put together. Norman S. Eaton was the I new comer and he hit out vigorously. He, however, lost ' his partner through a smart return from E. E. Woods rat extra cover,which caused the retirement of Threlfall who was run out whilst venturing on a second run. On H. Coop and Eaton becoming associated, a long stand Iwas made. Eaton gave a chance to Connor which was not taken and from that point to the end of the innings ' Eaton collared the bowling completely and hit out freely. He was especially severe on the bowling of Lynes, and spoiled the professional's average, his four wickets costing 57 runs. When the Ashton innings was declaredclosed, they had run up a score of 174 for seven wickets, N. S. Eaton being chief contributor with a not out innings of 86.

Warrington had less than two hours in which to save the match, but their display at the wickets was so indifferent that in a little over an hour, the whole team was dismissed for 50 runs. Podmore was given run out in the first over—a palpable mistake on the part of the umpire. When eight had been scored Lynes played on to his wicket. J. %V. Bibby came in and showed greater confidence in his treatment of the bowling than any of his associates. He got little assistance from any of the other batsmen, and at the close of the innings he was 25 not out. Hewetson and Bailey bowled unchanged throughout the innings and had every reason to be satisfied with their performance. The "trimmers" sent down by Hewetson were especially dangerous and he secured the best wickets. He obtained five wickets for 28 runs whilst Bailey got four for 17—two of these wickets being obtained in the last over. The turf was in very good condition, a fact which redounds to the credit of groundsman Denton.

The second team made the journey to Ashton with only eight of the regular players. The umpire, R. Hayes, was called upon to fill one of the vacancies, and two other substitutes were found on the field. Never- theless this depleted team made a more creditable show thth the first team, the match ending in a draw. J. Thompson and W. Hind by a strange coincidence each contributed 45, and double ?'figures were also reached by F. Pierpoint, A. Duckworth, and C. D. Bromley. The innings closed for 166. Ashton responded with 118 for five wickets, Thompson proving himself as cap9.ble with the ball as he had been with the bat. His bowling aver- age was 4 wickets for 52 runs.

The Grappenhall eleven are to be congratulated upon their clever performance at Northwich. To visit the salt centre and return victorious must be booked down as one of the most creditable wins of the season, and avenges the defeat at Grappenhall. Mr. A. L. Kaye, came out top scorer with 22 and largely contributed to the victory, which was only by the narrow margin of 6 runs. It sufficed nevertheless.

The visit of Sankey Wire Mills to Haydock Lodge was disastrous to the wire-men. It may be that the company in which they found themselves was not very agreeable and that their nerves were upset. At any rate the Lodge men gained the verdict by 13 runs. Dr. Cobban was their chief contributor with 25 runs. 11. Cook and Woodcock were the only men on the visit- ing side to reach double figures.

Matters were pretty even at Moore Park, where Moore and Daresbury entertained Walker's brewery team. The home eleven were all dismissed for 80 runs, and 37 of the 80 were from the bat of C. B. Allen. When stumps were drawn the brewery team were 49 for 5 wickets, W. Ashton carrying out his bat for a useful 22 runs.

Stretton and Appleton cut but a poor figure against St. Paul's. The villagers were all dismissed for 31 runs and then St. Paul's, or at least, S. Mason gave them some leather hunting, the churchmen having run up 95 runs for the loss of 9 wickets when the closure was applied. Of this total Mason was tesponeible for 52 runs.

Mersey-street proved themselves too good for the Golborne-street Baptists. Mersey-street is perhaps more notable for its tanyards than its cricketers, but on this occasion the cricketers carried off the honours. After running up a score of 95, they brought out the Baptists for 45, Rutter and Hunter dividing the bowl- ing honours between them.

The Brewery second team was badly beaten by the second team of Sankey Wire Mills. The winning team was in such good form with the bat that 153 runs were made for the loss of four wickets only. B. Taylor (55) and George Gough (38 not out) were the chief con- tributors. The brewery men were all dismissed for 38 runs, Bladen capturing 7 wickets for 11 runs.

Crosfleld's. I hear, got the better lf the Penketh team, but as no score has been sent in I am unable to give details.

Bowling.

The Warrington and district league competition has been practically settled, although there are still a few matches to be played. A glance at the league table will suffice to show that the Cemetery club are certain of victory. They have a clear four points lead, and as no other club in the league can score 20 points this season, the members of the Cemetery Club are entitled to claim that they have already won the cup and medals. They are to be congratulated upon their performance, and very few will be prepared to say that they have not thoroughly deserved the honour. They practically made their position secure on Saturday when they defeated the Horse and Jockey Club by a majority of 21 points. The closest games were those between Swanton and G. Holbrook of the Cemetery team and T. Wells and G. Higham of the Horse and Jockey side. In both con- tests the Horse and Jockey men secured the victory by a margin of two points. The match between J.Harrison (Cemetery) and T. Harrison (Horse and Jockey) was a run away game for the latter, he securing the victory by a margin of 8 points. T. Berry (Cemetery) however, seemed the largest margin by defeating A. Shelmerdine by 12 points. B. Taylor (Cemetery) also obtained an 8 pointsvictory over his opponent, D. Daniels.

Two close neighbours—Sankey and Penketh---Igave good account of themselves. Sankey obtained the points by a margin of 25. There was a keenly-fought game between J. Plumpton (Sankey) and H. Beyer (Penketh) the last named triumphing by a single point. H. Houghton and A. Mynekyme largely contributed to the victory of the Sankey men by two hollow victories, which in themselves loft a margin for the Chapel House men of 22 points.

Fearnhead are dangerous competitors when operating on their own turf, as the Brooklands team learnt to their cost. The Fearnhead trundlers succeeded in winning eleven out of the twelve games and piled up a majority of 94 points. Penketh Park are the visitors to Feamhead to-day and if they share the same fate as Brooklands they will be in close proximity to the wooden spoonisbs.

The Liberal Club team seems destined to be the pos- sessors of the wooden spoon for this season at all events. They stand at the bottom of the league with eight points. The two remaining matches are away from their own green, and the llull's Head and Fearnhead teams will no doubt gain points at their expense.

The following is the league table up-to-date : P. W. L. For Agst. Pts. Cemetery Bull's Head Chapel House Horse and Jockey l3 ... 6 ... 7 ...1933 ...1763 ... 12 Fearnhead Brooklands Penketh Liberal Club l2 ... 4 ... 8 ...1703 ...1835 ... 8

To-day's league matches are : Horse and Jockey v. Brooklands. Fearnhead V. Penketh Park. Bull's Head v. Liberal Club.

A meeting of the Warrington and District League was held at the Liberal Club on Wednesday evening, Mr. G. F. Freeman presiding. The opening of the 'Victoria Park bowling green was under discussion. It has been arranged to open the green on the 3rd of September,and as announced in this column last week, the League will play a match with a team from the Works Association. The teams are to be sixteen eagle, and the Mayor and Deputy Mayor will be asked to captain the respective teams.

The annual bowling handicap in connection with the league will take place on the ground of the Warrington Cricket and Bowling Club on September 10th when over 200 entries are anticipated and valuable prize will be competed for.

The magnificent cup and medals which have been won

by the Cemetery club in the league competition are OM view in the window of Messrs. Eustance and CompanY-

There was a pleasant gathering in connection with the Cemetery Bowling Club on Thursday evening, when the prizes given annually by Mr. A. H. Crodleld were dis- tributed. Mr. Kaye (chairman of the committee) pre- sided over the first part of the proceedings and Mr. S. Taylor took the chair during the latter portion of the. evening. Several toasts were proposed, including that of the visitors which was proposed by Mr. J. Willett. The donor of the prizes was heartily thanked for his generosity. During the evening songs were contributed by Messrs. Draper, Humphries, Davies, T. Healing and others.

The second round in the Works Bowling Competition was completed on Saturday, and there was some clos competition for entry into the third round. The handi- cap will not be proceeded with to-day, but on the 27th inst. it is hoped to complete the handicap and award the prizes.

Cycling. The members of the Warrington Cycling Club had a run to Oulton Park on Saturday. The weather was dull and threatening for this most popular fixture with the result thatl rather less than a score of members turned out. The ride across Daimler° Forest was greatly en- joyed, the gorse and heather just now being at its very bet. Tea was served at the Red Lion, after which ese• members had a pleasant stroll through the park and the village. The return journey was rather marred by several showers but Warrington was eventually reached after a most enjoyable afternoon's outing.

Tuesday's run was to Cronton. The weather was - rather gloomy but it continued fine. Only eleven mem- bers joined in the run. They came back through Widnes so that they might take advantage of a rail-vayjournff' in the event of rain. Fortunately the services of the rail- waycompany were not required.

To-day's run is to that favourite spot—Cranage, where- tea will be partaken of at the Swan Farm. On Tuesday' Warburton will be visited.

LIGHTING-UP TIME.

To-night 8.29 Sunday 827 Monday 8.25 Tuesday 8.23 Wednesday Thursday Friday.

The Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Cycling Club's run ou Saturday was to have been to Delamere, but owing to the Band of Hone trip to Frodsham the run was altered to that place. The weather was all that could be desired and twentyone members turned out. The return journey home was made at 7.30. After having a splendid time at the top of the hill, Warrington was reached at 10 o'clock, after two small mishaps which were not very serious.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
LO L

---____ liEws

RAPT]

-__.__L_- Liv Ell

===== 0002601_19040820_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
Ri R: It•

OWTN( -1119 S

Delled ta R

the INST.

-_____ eIT Y i

tmArt Feel °Then 's S "„aval W7stal Ajt the t;e9l Water Chu

r _4ll don-' is °Q. For 13 COUNT irtni (Ll]

Major J. amounts amount

Etnployet Net proof Rmrlove!

Bre Ernplovz.!

2nd Hmployee Ruinloye! Ildivard Councillo Amount

The Exec Its they :les

Mayor an POUN T 1 The ' 4.orongh in 131IST FIRI (a) Ab,

v—Alen the Zlnvek a ttelervoir Peen! red Tenderer' clank end C The Cont 017 them or Matelot cane ?My swept, :hale wbene 'hem such e Daring Tenders Itittee. To 7ndOrearl `• lo a.m. 10t1 The lowei

tfunicips

COCNTI

The pAVI of t Neive TEP ‘ntstreete west etre Pasenge t MArlev et Whalley I Passage b Namur. ft Wh, letzvpt Ptr nldhem s Nugher r tia,tem st lirooker P 13R5PReP r l's.renge 74 tnni. etr. 'Passage 14 Norse,. Passage A PAPPfte'P PAMIRS!. PAPPAS!. nr/IWinZ5 rider. qile• :fliee of ti Flit%it nexf dolly.re `ette,mNor. Ton HAI Augu.t

3714 Gr nv Dal r , a piotno Pri 4,lsnriumn, b°,2,4 ssbn'sl ▪ .XTRA Snovrci b`Aturtiftvi., 'arh, for VR Tele nf muinn," st c • or dl f ;`Ortil wsiss Chansi s' Throne) ' kt 8 4R Rill 14411. on San, tANGLA

Pps-1".41,10 LT Ppm ntire • r• 'eat" sPP.. -Train fr.,' wR, nerwinl ri Xines etc. 'TIDTMART netnrntrctli' i;SPEctAt 14, enrlc 10, RUM'

A,sLLAN

frhe nnlv venc.- ZARISTAT; "URNoe A Ty or ci eiNISTAIq. INARA.. c?„OBAri Ak,in.e7 ...II 10e. anc Loon. 8.0 -

.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
Angling.

Anglers will he pleased if the rain continneq. for rivers and streams are greatly in need of water. .ty nothing of the scarcity for business purposes. There are many complaints about low and clear streams and unfavour- able weather. In a few days we shall no doubt hear of salmon and sea trout ascending in great numbers. For weeks they have been waiting for heavy waters.

Each week end sees the approaching end of the big' events of the season. Last week the Warrington Angling' Association concluded their annual contest at Moore. On the 27th at Thelwall they will dispose of the annual 41 medal competition.

Water Polo.

- --- - The Warrington first team is makinga bold bid for the cl,allenge bowl of the Liverpool and District I.4eagile Association (second division). They have already won two matches away and beaten Everton here, and they stand at the top of the league for the present, On Tuesday they journey to Southport for a friendly match.

Wootton and Warrington second team met in the third division comnetition for the Vol Smith Shield in Wootton Bath on Tuesday evening. The game developed into a complete farce,apparently owing to the inability' of the visitors, who are familiar with a large bath, to• adapt themselves to the small oval-shaved bath at Wootton. Six goals were scored by Wootton, three 10 each half, the scorers being J. Martin (four), Foster and Lott. In the course of the game. Warren, one of the Warrington players had no leave the water owing to- a slight injury the teams being equalised in strength b..? a Wootton player (Rylands) being withdrawn.

The defeat of the Warrington second team practically destroys any hope they may have had of retaining the shield which they won laat year for the first time. Thor are now at the bottom of the league. Oa Tuesday theY play Birkenhead a league match in the Baths, Le& street.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
Football.

A fortnight to-day and the clash of battle will be" heard resounding from the football field. How soon the close season has passed! It needs but a very short. step into the past to take us in imagination to the scene of the Northern Union Cup final which rung down the curtain on the 1903-4 tournament, and—berg we ar.o again! The Warrington men have been getting their muscles loosened already. Two practices have been held, with encouraging turn-outs, and there will be another this evening. Many of the players have signed on, and what is even more interesting, the committee have obtained the signatures of a couple of new forwards from whom great things are expected.

It is gratifying to find that the Club managers have taken time by the forelock and endeavoured to strengthen the team in its weakest places during the period of no-play. For an important capture to be made late on in the season causes almost as much annoyance as satisfaction. The two new hands' are Shugars, who has already been alluded to in this column, 'and Joe Belton, the well-known Birkenhead forward. Both are big, powerful men and should do much tow. irds solidifying the shaky IVarrington pack. Shugars is about 14st. 10lbs. in weight, while Belton comes in astone lighter,and 6ft. 2in. in height. These are men of the right stamp, and together with Boardman and Thomas they should make an excellent vanguard.

During the coming season, the captaincy of the first team will be in the reliable hands of staid Jack Hallarnt and I don't think amore popular choice could have been made. Tsherwood has had a good run as skipper. and doubtless will be only too pleased to hand over the wheel to another. G. Dickenson is also among the honours, the post of sub-captain having been allotted to him. The A "team will be led by E. Brooks, the centre-threequarter who has several times assisted the premier team.

The retirement of Tom Broadley is again announced, and this time there seems reason to believe that he has' given up the game altogether. Still I should not be surprised, if the Bradford club struck a bad patch during the coming season, to see the burly international once; more showing the scrummagers how to pack, push au' rush. There have not been many better forwards thau Broadley, and his worth to the Bradford teams of the past isAincalculable. Opponents have always had goOd reason to fear Tom's 15 stone rush, for it generally' carried him over the line and spelt points. He Or, bath a good player and a good captain, and he has we earned a rest.

===== 0002601_19040820_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF

WARRINGTON.

ENDING AUGUST 13th, 1904. During the week, the following births and deatho were registered :—Warrington Registration District births, 46 ;.deaths, 28. The excess of births over deathS was 18. _

The birth-rate was equal to 35.0. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 211 Per 1,000, against 161 the average of the previous 4 wee-,_hP" and against 178 the corresponding period of last year' The death-rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 9•9 per 1,000, against 31) the average ratie of the previtms 4 weeks and against 30 the correspona- ing period of 1903. The ages of mortality were :- 0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65—up. Total

12 7 1 1 5 2 28 The deaths included-13 from diarahcea, 1 from Pre; mature birth, 1 from heart disease, 2 from accidents, I- from suicide, 9 from all other causes. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the wee:: :—Scarlet fever, 18 case9r erysipelas, 1 case. Total number of patients in hospital, week ending August 13th, 89. :NUT KOROLOG v.—The mean temperture was 58 Fah' and therefore 6 deg. lower than th\a, preceding week. maximum temper:Awe 71 F., was recorded on the 12tp• inst., and the minimum temperature 44 F., on the 1101 Inst. The rainfall measured .85 inch. The general directioa was S.W.

j. GUEST GORNALL, Madfoal 0 Hoer of Health.

Marriages.

- ish RA.DFORD—HF.NsHALL—Augast 18th. at the par Church, Warrington, by the Rev. A. F. White, Arthur Radford, to Edith Ellen Henshall. - Warrington.—Printed and published by JoITN WALKO & Co., at The Examiner General Printing W° Bew-sy-street, and published by them at the su'r p_l_ace,and also at The Examine 0113 Victoria,-rosa WIDNES; 32, George-street, Sr. lIELEN4: 3, Marke,,t,, street EAILLESTOWN; Church. street RUNCoRN, Au

===== 0002601_19040820_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
hOLD STREET W ESLEYAN CHIJEGB WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AUGUST 21st. At 10.30 Bev. W. O. J. NBVILL 8. At 6-30. Rev. G. H. CARNSON All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

MACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly, adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire:satisfaction. SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 40S. MACDON &LDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WINLISSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 IO 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS.I IO 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29. PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

IiEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CRUTCH TOMORROW (SUNDAY) AUGUST 21st. At 10-30. & 6.30 Mr. O. W ESREY HALL. (Manchester.) All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BAPTIST nIiURCEi. GOLSORNE-STBEET WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), AUGU PREACHER : Morning. 10.45. Evening, 6,30. Mr. W. H. JONRS. Al! seats free. Hymn Books provided.

CITY OF BRADFORD FXIIIBITION.—ENDLESS VARIETY OF INTERESTIEG FEATURES. Section. Industrial Section. Textile Section and ~.woinen's Section. Somali Village (first time in England). naval Spectacle (Russo-Japanese War.) Palace of Illusions. o.rystal Maze. Baby Incubator Institute. Captive Balloon. lithe best Military and Orchestral Bands. Organ Recitals. water Chute. Illuminated Fountains. Tens of thousands of Fairy Lamps. eta. P day, Is. ; after 6 o'clock, 6d.; Children 6d, Saturday, °,l. For special facilities inquire at Tourist offices.

CouNTy BOROUGH OF WA k RINGTON.- EDUCATION COMMITTEE. SECONDARY DAY SCHOOL AND TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. b The above-namei Committee INVITE APPLICATIONS OR THE POST OF ASSISTANT MASTER in the above Sehoul. Candidates must be qualified to teach English sub- Jets, French and Classics. Salary £l2O per annum. Canvassing the members of the committee, either per- sonally or otherwise, will be considered a disqualification. Forms of application and further particulars can be ob- 'Alined from J. MOORE MURRAY, Secretary and Director. Education Office, Warrington. 18th August, 1904

WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKE. GOLD AND IsILVER WATCHES. DIAMOND AND OTHER RINGS, CHAINS, BROOCHES, PINS, STUDS. LINKS, and all other Articles of Jewellery practically GIVEN AWAY At the Prices Marked in the Window. Call and see for yourselves before going elsewhere. --- SPECIAL OFFER.-220t. Gold Wedding Rings sold by weight. All shapes and sizes at 6/9 PER PRIVATE '7IIITYINIVOODIORE ? 6/9 A Large Stock of Clocks, Bronzes. Forks, and Spoons, ntlery. Ac. by best makers,lat giving-away prices. M. RUBENS, JEWELLER. &r MANCHESTER STREET, LIVERrOOL. -- LSOTS.-MONEY Advanced on all kinds of Valuables Lowest Rates of Interest.

LANCASHIRE COUNTY AsYLUNI, WINWICK, WARRINGTON. , The COMMITTER of VISITORS INVITB TIINDRRS th., undermentioned goods for six mouths commencing •st October next :- 1. Butchers' Meat. 2. Calico and General Drapery. 3. Coke. a. Margarine. 5. Marmalade and Preserves. 6. Poultry. 7. Provender (Bran &c.. &c.) 8. Provisions (Bacon. Cheese, &c.) 9. Tea. Tenders must be made upon forms which can be obtained 'Mtn the undersigned. Tenders must be addressed to the " Chairman. Committee Visitors. County Asylum, Winwick. Warrington." and °lldorsed " Tender for ," and delivered at the As Yluna not later than 9 a.m. on Monday. the sth 4ebtember next. , Samples of Calico and General Drapery can be seen at the g,ayinm on August 22n1. 23rd. 24th, 15th and 26th, between and 12 a.m. and 2 and 4 p.m. The Committee do not bin i themselves to accept the West or any tender. By order. HENRY JILL'S, Clerk and Steward. 16th August DOC

OPECTACLES. PERRY'S PEBBLE SPECTACLES. PERRY & CO., OPTICIANS AND ELECTRICIANS, 5, SEYMOUR ST. (Near London Road), LIVERPOOL. Eyesight testing Rooms for the aacurate fitting of Spectacles. Clients visited at their own homes on receipt of post card. Send for our Booklet.

PLACKSIAIL. SLANI)ER, LER&I. oa OIVO RCS iffi American System—MAHN GAUNT BOWIIN & CO., PRIVATE BNQUIRY AGENTS, 21, DICKINSON STREET. MANCHEiTER. THE CORPORATION OF WARRINOTON is pre- 1. pared to receive LOANS, either at six monthei notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the Bowmen TREASURER, Munich:al Offices. Warrington.

T L. HAWTHORN. JOINER AND BUILDER, Tj • 1, LOVELY LANE, WARRINGTON. FUNERALS FURNISHED. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVIIRLRTTII 1 TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMBS, PURR i. 5/6 FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIL T S BROWN, 3, MISCH ST (CAR STATION). LIVRRPOOL.

QTOCK-T AKING SALE.—COSTIMIS STANDS 1-.3 from ss. 6d. each. Tailors' CLOTH BLOCK i from 10s. 10. doz. STOOK NOXHS from 10a. doz. BRASS SHOP WINDOW ?MINOS at manufacturers prices. —T. YATI49. 20, BROwNLOW HILL. LIVBRPOOL.

ENAMELLED IRON SIGNS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. MOTOR NUMBER PLATES IS ALL COLOURS. ENAMELLED COPPER LETTERS, GLA.s, WOOD; AND METAL LETTERS OF ALL KINDS SUPPLIED AND FIXED. NAME TABLETS, DOOR NUMBERS, &C. ACTUAL MAKER. JAMES RDwARDS. "LIVER" ENAMEL WORKS. RATHBONE-STREBT, LIVERPOOL. Teleptione 0873 Royal.

Bon YOU WANT BOOTS I'm off.ring Sixty I WANT TRADE Styles in Box Calf and Glace KIO at 85. 6d. a I ET'S GET TOGETLIER time. ./....l ARTHUR EVANS. POSTAL 155, ALDERSGATIi SI.. LONDON. DEPARTMENTS) 5, LONDON ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

MRS. THOS. CLARKE WILL CARRY ON THE BUSINESS OF STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT THE " EXAMINER' OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWN, 44$ before, and sincerely hopes to receive the same 40 'anage as bestowed on her late husban4 for upwards of __Years.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHHATLBY'S HOP BITTERS WHEATLEY'S GINGER BERN. To be had In CASH or BOTTLES f rout B. CUNNINGHAM! WINWICR ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Mannfs.otnrer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Sore w-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. nTORRR. OWUR STREET.

4ARGRAVES TOBACCOS. bEITAB. 4ARGRIVBS' CIGARS 70 TEkll3. 4ARGRAVES' CIGARETTES. • 144NUFACTORY : SW AN-STRRBT. MANCHRSTBR.

R.. CLAMP & SON, PORTMANTEAU. BAG. AND TRUNK MANUFACTURERS. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS from 245. Od. to 50s. GLADSTONE BAGS (Real Cow Hide) from 16s. Od. to 703. BRIEF BAGS from ss. 6d, WATERPROOF HOLD-ALLS from 12s. 61. to 30s. Buy direct from the makers and save 25 per cent. 37, 39, 41, DALE STREET, AND 12, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

WHy GROW BALD ? YOU CAN GROW HAIR BY USING ANTINOPIA. OF CHEMISTS, OR POST FREE 2s. 6D., FROM SRAM & CO., 21, RAILWAY APPROACH, LONDON BRIDGE.

W. HODGKINSON, LTD. IMPORTANT ANNO UNCE KENT. DURING THE PULLING DOWN OF FRONT PREMISES, W. H. LTD., HAVE REMOVED THE WHOLE OF THEIR STOCK INTO THE SPLENDID 13LOCK OF BUILDINGS AT THE REAR OF THEIR OLD PREMISES. THE ENTIRE REMAINING STOCK IN ALL DEPARTMENTS WILL BE Pur ON ! TABLES AND COUNTERS AT SWEEPIMG REDUCTIONS TO EFFECT A CLEARANCE, FOR 10 Ds ONLY. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

GEDDZBB DANDBLION COFFEE, - The best and cheapest ever offered to the Publl3. Sold by all Grooers and Druggists.(. Clanistes 5d.. 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GBDDBS AND SON. LTD WARRINGTON HSTABLISHED 1833.

SUMMER HOLIDAYS. AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHERS SHOULD PAT A VISIT TO THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. LARGEST STOCK OF NEW AND SECOND-HAND CAMERAS AND SCIENTIFIC INSTRUMENTS Exc.. IN MANCHESTER. SECOND-HAND LIST NOW READY POST FREE. THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71. OXFORD ROAD (NEAR ALL SAINTS) MANCHESTER.

lur 4fi 111.AGBEL" RAZORS ARE TEF, ACME OF PERFECTION'. SHBFFIRLD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 35., 4s. 6D., AND 51. sp. J. G. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

A • AND J. M'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSM iTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD P.ND STLVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Aotof Parliam en strictest secrecy and stralzhtforwarcl dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China. Marble Cloeks. Pictures, !cc., dca., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special EMMONS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIEb and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARP PINS, BROOCHES, .ko We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES RY POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds. Skilfully and Promptly done. Low. _ rice' In Ligeroool for Gold Chains. Caret "HY Selectee Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS. &O. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to snit all pockets. NITAINE'S RICHMOND ,I'REET. LIVERPOOL.

SELF CURE NO FICTION! MARVEL UPON MARVEL! NO SUFFERER NRED NOW DESPAIR,but without running a doctor's bill or falling into the deep ditch of quackery,may safely,speedily and economies. ally cure himself without the knowleige of a second party.By the intioduation of the New French Remedy THRRAPION, a complete revolution has been wrought in this department of medical science, whilst thousands have been restored to health and happiness who for years previously had been merely dragging out a miserable existence. THERAPION NO. 1, in a remarkably short time, often a 1 few days only, removes all discharges fran the urinary organs, effectually superseding injections. elle use of which does irreparable harm by laying the foundation of stricture and other serious diseases. 11HERAPION No. 2. for impurity of the blood, scurvy, 1 pimples, spots, blotches, pains and swellings of the joints, secondary symptoms, gout, rheumatism, and all diseases for which it has been too much a fashion to employ mercury. sarsaparilla. &c., to the destruction of the sufferer's teeth and ruin or health. This preparation purifies the whole system through the blood, and thoroughly eliminates all poisonous matter from the body. rrHERAPION No. 3, for nervous exhaustion, dissipation. _1 sieepleesnese, and excess, residence In hot unhealthy climates, Act. It possesses stsrprising power in restoring health and strength to the debilitated. rpHIittAPION may be procured at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. per 1 package, post free to any address in the United King- dom by sending Postal Order to Mr. R. JOHNSON, 43, Wilford Square, London, W.C. If doubtful as to No. of Therspion required send stamped addressed envelope for free pamphlet. Purchasers should observe that the word " 111FPAntox appears on the Government Stamp (in white letters OD a red ground), affixed to every genuine package by order ot His Majesty's Hon, Commissioners, and without which it if a forgery.

DRUGLESS HBALING. MR. H. ALGERNON COLVILE, (SPIRITUAL HEALER.) 66, CHELVERTON ROAD, PUTNEY, S.W. (Mr. Colvile was for ?3 years Lay Missioner for the Diocese of ',Wield, and Warden of the Evangelist Br( tnerhood.) PAMPHLET, TESTIMONIALS, &c. FREE ON APPLICATION. CHRONIC CASES AND THOSE SAID TO BE INCURABLE SPECIALLY INVITEE). PERSONAL INTERVIEWS BY APPOINTMENT ONLY.

OR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVH DERIVED GREAT BbNEFIT FROM. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALF, PILLS HAVE BERN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE BOOY TO WOMANKIND. They are the best known Rerned-;for Aivemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Allmonts. Boxes Sid, Is Id, 2s gri, 41 6d, and Ils. May he had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors bvt.rywhere, or from the Pr. or rietor. Only Address : 3J9. PORTOBELLO-ROAD. NOTTING ii ILL. LONDON 'Pi,

"AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES-" J. AND W. DUTTON 16, is, & 20, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON, ARE NOW OFFERING DURING THEIR SUMMER SALE THEIR ENTIRE STOCK AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. " A TIME OF REAL SUBSTANTIAL BARGAINS."

J. M. GREENHALGH & Co., ARE NOW SHOWING A CHOICE SELECTION OF UP-TO-DATE BED-ROOM. FURNITURE, RANGING IN PRICE FROM .EI2 AND UPWARDS. ALSO SMART AND UP-10-DATE LINES IN ALL BRASS & BRASS & IRON BEDSTEADS AT P;IICES RANGING FROM 14s. 6D. AND UPWARD. 138 & 140, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON,

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, e) EWELL ER S , SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (31 ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY 07 EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 f 0 50 PHR CHAT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old 'old and Silver Antiques. Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Mousy advance on Jewellety, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, Ico., to any amount at low rates cf Interest; strict pri'vacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE. 2061. •

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAMit MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. sultableffor Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, 10. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PIIOI:OGRAPIid for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures In the Continental

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLUCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SIIOE7 IMMENSE dVARIET Y. UNDER THE CLOCK.

THIS IS AN AGE OF SMARTNESS, THE EFFORT OF THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT IS TO PRODUCE SOMETHING SMART IN CLOTHING FOR ALL CLASSES. THEY RESPECTFULLY SUBMIT IT TO YOUR JUDGMENT, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 & io, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

END OF SEASON. CLEARA.NCE SALE OF CYCLES. 33. IN DISCOUNT OFF ALL NEW MACHINES FOR CASH ONLY. SECOND-HAND MACHINES FROM 30s. EACH. MOTOR CYCLES AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. J. S. GARLAND 51, 53. & 55, BRIDGE STREET. WARRINGTON.

S. FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINOTON WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

B. W ADS WORTH, SOLB AGENT FOR MB WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 59. SANKEY-ST.. WARRINGTON

ROBERT LOWE, lISTATB AGENT, AUCTIONEER a VALUER Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. Tia.v.Pwortx, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED NOR SALE. New and second-band Furniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furnitute, itc.. warehoused.

g, PSOM DOWNS—Freehold Land,2oft. by lltift.; posses- JD sion on payment of £1 deposit; balance 14 half-yearly !aliments of £l.—Particulars,W. BitotrouTort,NYwurciaTir. TJEAVILbY, STOOKPORT.—To Capitalists and builbefe. ILI —Chance seldom offered.-7,360 square yards, with 25 yards frontage to one of the best main roads in itngland ; is absolutely free from chief rent or building restrictions or any kind ; is well surrounded with large works and other first-alass property, and will accept 4d. In one lot at 30 years' purchase (or nearest offer).—Apply (first) to W. ifroofinicrmax, 29. London-road, Hazel-grove. Stockport.

SBAFIBLD SCHOOL, LYTHAM. Facing the sea. Re- cognised by the Boird of Baucation as an efficient achool. Principal, Dr. SLATER, M.A., F.H.A.S.

tj'IiIVEsF.SITY SCBHOOL, SOUTHPOKT Scgoor. FORB•oy s.A MOST W. HlitiOliitSON, M.A., Principal,

OXFORD HOUSE SCHOOL, ST. ANNI3S-ON-THB-SHA. —BOYS Prepared for the Public Schools. Thorough grounding and indivijui teaching. New, specially designed buildings. Mid term begins June 17th. Principal J. F. BRINDLE, B.A. (Oxot1)•

Laundress. AS IC/CARLY (Glitt.S).—Board. 20 ut.lnsit English, French Bookkeeping, Bh9rthand. Type- writing, Sewing, Music, Drilling. Rxtensive new prerniii•s. Electric light. Class Rooms, Gymnadurr., Library. Concert Hall. Prospectus. View —PRINCIPAL, Pengwern College, Cheltenham.

T. ASAPH GRAMMAR SCHOOL, WALLiS. PUBLIC CI BOARDING SCHOOL Well equipped. Laboratory, Workshop. Healthy, picturesque situation. Near Cath.— dral. Bracing hit. Individual attention. Preparation for university, protesßional. p.rid commercial erarns.—lL Mairmia, M.A., B.Sc., head master. OUTH PORT MODERN SCHOOL, SC kRISBRICK . 1 NRW-ROAD. One of the LARGBST PRIVATH SCHOOLS In the North of England. CAPT. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P.. F.R.G.S., Head Master.

eParuortee us shourre bo M R uEsießNOr6ga6nlietWanidi"Cßb6;'mAteljr.Co'fil4Sit" PIANO, ORGAN, THROW, HARMONY, COUNTRR- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

DRYTHEUR SCHOOL. Oiwestry. Head Master, DOWELL LER, M.A.. LL,D. Healthy situa- tion on Welsh hills. }very modern improvement ; electric light Modern education ; boys receive individual instruc- tion ; Oad.b., Local Exams. 'kees. owing to endowment. £27 to £3O per annum inclusive.—For prospectus, apply to Dr. LEE.

THE PRIORY, WAtiRiNGI'ON.—EIIOII zuHOOL FOR GIRLS AND KINWIRGARTRN. PRINCIPALS :—'l he MISSHS WILLIAMS (Cert. Universi- ties of Oxford,Cambr;dge, London; Trinity Collage, London.) Tbe school will re-open on Wedneiday September 14th. 1904 Boys under 10 year. of age are admitted. PROSPRCTUSHS Ac., on application to the principals, who will be at borne after September 2nd.

RIGH, zi211()OL, 23, WILguN PAFTEN- aTERET, WARRING ('ON. PRINCIPALS MISSES PARTINGTON fzertificate4 Oxford Women's, Oxford ftrui Cambridge Senior I,,eals Trinitv College London Ac.) NEXT TEEM WILL COMM RN CB THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 22N1. " At Home" Wednesday. September 21. t. PROSPECTUSES AND TaTIMOIALS ON APPLICATION.

WG'I'ON GtAMIAI CEIOO Tti 14: NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY , SEPTEMBER 15TH. THE HEAD MASTER will be at home to INTERVIEW PARENTS on WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14TH, PREPARATORY FORM for BOYS (rem 8 to 12 years of age. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, Scc.. PROSPROTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION.

A N CII itSTER GRAM MALL SCHOU.L. FEE, £4 4s. per term. N.B.—Boys entering over 14 years or age pay £5 ss. per annum. THE NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, SEPT EMBER 13th, Entrance Examination, MONDAY SRPTRMBER 12th, at 93. m. PROSPECTUSES, FORM OF APPLICATION, Scc. may be had at the school. The boarding house in connection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton, The Art school Evening Classes re-open on Monday, September 19th. A class tor ladies and teachers is al.o held on Saturday morn- ings. iWEN W. COX, Receiver.

LADIES' COLLEGE lIRMSTON. NEAR MANCHNSTIiti, HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. PlinsciPate : Mrs, IL IiLLIDGki, Trained Certificated Teacher, Registered Colosmn ft Telehers' Register ; Mi3B M. hOLIAND, London Trained Kindge,garten Teacher. Full staff of Resident Rnglish and Foreign Mis- tresses, and Visiting Professors. Pu ,ils prepared for Oxford ant-. Cambridge Local and Music Rxamin.tions. FREb monRHATH. PROSPIiCTUS and ItßieititHNCßS ON APPLICATION.

No cocoa yields Such Genuine Satisfaction as 9 van 4 IT SATISFIES YOUR TASTE, IT SUITS YOUR POCKET. Whether you buy a 6d square tin or a larger round tin, You get more and better Cups out of it than out of any other. It is BEST & GOES FARTHEST.

THE BUD & ATTRACTIV I COASTS OF DEVON AND CORNWALL,

THE ROMANTIC EXMOOR AND D DARTMOOR.

aGIiNTS Joseph Beswick Rorsemarket Street, WARRINGTON. W. SHAW Jun., Top Locke, linnecrn, P. JHAVONS, 21, George St., St. Helene. 1i.:1111.1:HAW, 8 Buraeough St., Ormskirk.

80 IN THE SHADE And the Milk turned. LSTLE'S SWISS MILK Is not Affected by the Greatest Heat. Save your Labels for Nestle's Competition.

MAKES THE SKIN as SOFT as VELVET tOl NO" _ • • A; • 4•4"—""Rcmoip-sall ad ~.--RouGHNEss, REDNEss,HEAT, IR R ITAT lON, TAN,and KEEPS THE SKIN SOFT, SMOOTH, and. WHITE ALL THE YEAR ROUND. Deli9htfull9 COOLING & REFRESHINC - durinci the summer Bottles, 11-,1/9,a-acl 2/6 each, M. BEE T HAM & SON, Cheltenham

The life of a collar or shirt depends a great deal on the kind of starch used in the ironing. Some starches "eat" linen—act almost like acid—fray edges—take the life out. A really good starch is a tonic for shirts and collars. COLMAN'S STARCH is 'good as .4'74 COLMAN'S MUSTARD. C h Itr4; 4('LL' S FITS.

CURED OTHERS/ WILL CURE YOU. Sufferers trom Gr9yal, Lurros.An. Ptins in the Beek. Dropsy. Wind ,sirl We'-r Ooinphints. Dises,es of the Kidneys, Stone. 4clatiNt. Rh.turn.ttlam awl Gout will find a prisitivr Cure in tio.drurt's G aye! Pi Is. Try ernall box ; if not seristio.i, miner, returned. Is. ltd.. ail Chemists. Post free I: ettrnos from 4or.nanyn'. 4 dseril '1.'40,4 larn•ks

kikb,.-- ~.-------_------- 6,, DI GIGAR (f viz,' -- axe the ticv2st f ilk vcsAue im :i L.,, Briresk Cig(Nrs obreitsa.bie Teaki •3.'1:190 ii r: - _ ,011/ TAY THE 1 r f,,\-,_..i. , ~,p,, lA DY ill 'lcor 2 % -..,,, i. i "( k, v iv iGAPITTES /I MR° ‘iii?„el . °II 10 39 _ ,i... ..,..:...t c GOo_ i •, - / i - 5110Ke3 619 per box 450 ~.. AVISS BROS - - I 9 COVENTRY -... :

TENNENT'S T LAGER BEER. GUARANTEED BRIGUI T & FREE FROM SEDIIIENT• To be obtained from M. WALKER& SONS LTD., Warringtor. and of all Grocers and Wine Merchants. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottled. See that Every Bottle has the Red T Latiet. To, Lancelots Hey, Liverpool. WELLPARK BREWERY, GLAS GOO/

ONE, TWO, OR THREE, according to age and constitution, may be taken of D. KING'S BILIOUS & LIVER PILLS (Guaranteed without Ideroury) These Pills have been prescribed by Medical men for over zoo Oars, are still ahead of all Liver Pills; gentle in their action, restore tone to the general system, and are the safest and most reliable family medicine for all ages, and absolutely cure the symptoms of Torpid Liver, such as UNPLEASANT BREATH—WIND GIDDINESS DEPRESSED SPIRITS INDIGESTION BACKACHE SPASMS ROUGH TONGUE—ACIDITY AND CONSTIPATION—and stimulate the Liver itself to con- tinued healthy action. Sold everywhera-1/11, 2/9 and 4/6 per box.

.. Cost 1/---Same 10/- Wood-Milne FPar teventig ue aNnedr voe 0 Juabri a atnh de , Life of your Boots Revolving . Heels ~ Creator ~ Comfort. : ' *1 , Smarter Appearance. .~'"."4" 1 ~'lsintina =4llllk EASILY FIXED. :.. ---.........= , ~...."liMINIMII . Ordi 11 ary m ,ar. 05....... . TI- None genuine - ,=...,... : unless stamped ''',. , -=••=,..--........-- ________ 'Wood-rbillne'on the , tans. Sold every- '' SPECIALQUALI -

Fill, Ulla •WM • =NIL pEE , FREAN 1 • &co 0 1 cAIiE" BISCUITS Reg 4 I a ti d ulp "TExAs CRACKEIC 1 BISCUITS. mo- esie • came • air Only those who ride a Premier

,•,(--/"..___*4 ,„, -.., _- a ~, $,„„„ -, - -. '-i..:----'—_ c z‘nC. I; ... s - f•-,. i ,--Aape!, ' ,• ~44 A % , ''' I .',... , , -%;.- ~,..-.,?....--., -..‹.... , ..1:4,-..: ''',' .. .*--- ,;I-,i.7_,-;••••,•,*" \".:-.,,,:v ' •,<Ar%.,....-!'',..!.• ~ " \;,..,,,,.y..1 ,_%,, .L.,t / . ss.:,-,..,,,,..: ~rt ..,,,,,..f.., ________/ ---------"'"--------I-..-1-:::.:::r : - ' .;--------:----- --___________

ilifstellanous, on gpale, dr.

HAY.—AmEnsoN B ROTH sena. Direct Importers. 25. Brasenose road. Liverpool. 1) OYAL LIVER £5 1067 Book, 10 times cssh. Old business Ii —B.. 62 Pitcroft Avenue. Reading.

kST-OFF-OLO CHI Beginners supplied. Splendid £ Vlbales,large profits.-BAINE's Wardrobe Stores,Searborough IDOICTOb IL POSTCARDS.-15 bekutiful Foreign, 6d. 1 EAST DULWICH STAMP Co.. 8 Henslow rd, London.S.H.

" AT RI M ONIAL POST." sealed 5d., with circular 94.; 1 distance Immaterial.—BDlTOß, 10, Trafalgar Build- ings, London, W.C.

i IN bALH, Chip P..tato SVOVH, wic,h two Boilers and all k.l complete; quite new.—Apply 240, CAATLE HILL, Hindley, Wigan.

JNVENTORS.—Write or call for our Price List. Advice and all information tree. —DEwITz. MoEtto, 8; 00., 7, hly Place. L3ndo,,.

LIOR SALB, a stack prime, well-harvebted RYBGRASs r and °MAIM, about lb tons, 1903 —Apply TREVOR ARMS, Marford, Wrexham.

CHNTJH CASH-FILL, polished; made from solid mahogany, brass and steel fittings, 30s. new; bargain. ItasiTs•m Brlmseall Laneathire.

ell-fIiSS AND DKAUGH ro.—Players by Correspondence can haar of useful Novelty by sending addressed envelope to F. P.. 27 byke rd., Chich.ster. QTRONG GRIIHNHOUSE ON SALE, fitted with cold 1.1 frame and bestir', apparktus complete ; almost new.— J. O@BiRNE, Knutsford rd., Warrington.

I3OOTS —Tdat'd Beat Box Calf Balmoral.. worth 10e. lid. Wear guaranteed. Sample Pair, carriage paid, 8.. 6d —TARE. Boot Factor, Laindon S-ation. ssex.

1 RON BUILDINGS. Rolfe. Tanks, Galvanized Sheets, .1 Wire Netting and Fencing. Beet and Cheapest.— BDWARDS. Vulcan orks, Aston. Birmingham. KOKR GRADY'S DRFRNDBR TOBACCO" It does not h.lrn the tongue." Sold everywhere in packets with coupou Wholesale.—GßADY, King it., Wigan. O CARAT GOLD BROOCH, ;s. 6d.; Silver Watch 8. 61. tl Or exchanged for old Coloured Prints, Grandfather Clocks. Chairs, Curios. —H. PaTEY, Alcester• - FASHIONABLS NA MR PLATRS, New Antique Copper Design (any name), from 6s. each, post free.—Sw Alt MANU7ACTURIN4 Co., Lozells itoad, Birmingham.

JAAIME assortment of ne and Second-hand Leather Suit -1-4 Oases, Cabin Trunks, Portmantehus, and Bags to be sold cheap —WENTSR, 107 Charing Cross rd., London.

TYPE-WRlTlNG.—Higheat class ' • Fd. thousand. Circu- _l Jars duplicated cheap. —Box 2014. eh.; 81111;010w & THATCHER. West et., Cambridge Circus, London. W.C.

VOWL CORN, 71 6d. 10. 6d, L 2 6.1, 2401 b.; Pig Mood, la 61 J. and Poultry Meal, 81. and 1)L, per 2001b1.—RocuE AND Co., 15, Goree piazz La Liverpool. &tenth:l)n paper.

SCIONTIFILI ASTROLOGY.—Jutt a test, P.O. la. You'i have a 10s. 6d. nativity afterwards. World-wide con- nection. —Birtb-llne.H D• .TH.24 Salisburyrd.,W.Bromwich.

Gric STI.IOIIOI that apprecia sr te good information, send is. for proof wire. JI tor Handict extra. Wire' ICs. weekly ; 2s. 6d. daIIy.—WALTER G.ax,E. 19, Sobo St., L'pool.

WHITING'S PIANO AND IcUttNITURB POLISH IiEVIVBS. A guaranteel success. Nothing like it. is. per bottle,post free.—G. S. WHIrING & Co.,Northampton. -- (ILD BUILDING MATERIALS. Doors and Frames. Win- doves end t ashes. Fencing Boarding,Stunaps and Spars; Firewood Sd per sack ; Potato Boxes ; Dahlia Sticks.— Apply HARRY FAIRCLOUGH. Howley, Warrington.

D. SIiCURHS Complete PHINTING OUTFIT, or 2 letter rnonngram (self-inkuig) boxel; 7d. secures 7 yea- date Itnergetin *gents wanted, commission scood.—RICCIAD BaoS. 195 Old Christchurch .oad. Bournemouth.

(yiTglirelyCHwFhiEteAT3H. 1311iids: fvreormv firioenngd;sin. lAariarlecatipiltngibelacakli curled thoolute sstiefsotion, or money retu,ned.—irs. Daxw, 13. HALirrzLD RD , En field. Middlesex.

RITTING, Y. WTI NG. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, 11 Ring Net., Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.Tirostas Joarisoses, Net Warehouse Ciorporrtion-street, Manchester.

BDOMES AND FLASKS, of any shape, washed with lightning speed by our Patent Rotary Machine The brush con be rotated in all the angles or shoulders. Post free, with Brushes, 101. &S.—SPRING BRUSHOn., 57 Park rd. N.W. DOUBLR BIIIIHOHLOA.DHIR, 12 bore, central tire, steel barrels, (left choke) top lever, rebounding hammers. Knod kilter, scarcely soiled. A bargain 475. 64. Approval willingly. THOIIIB CAUSTON, 11, OrOels St,, Westfields, Barnes. Surrey. 12Gfl PLUMS, lElbs. 2s. 64 , 241bs. 4s. ; Victor' is, 121 bi. Ei 21. M., 241135. be. 64. Carriage paid, package free. Pentland, Ireland, .tc . 64. extra. Particulars and prices of otherrums, Tomatoes. Apples, on applieatlOn.—SHlNDLEß, THORNE, & CO.. Fruit Growers, Evesham.

J(LBKNO removes Dirt, Grease, Stains, An., from hands like magic ; unlike Pura's° Stone or Sand, it leaves the skins mouth, white, and delicately perfumed.— Write to-day and send three stamp, for a 6d. box from Savo Co., 122, Green lanes, Stoke Newington N., London. Io BH SOl D.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Danl, with siding to the railway. Suicahle for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HonCING}, 16 Fenwiok-street, Liverpool.

, quickly erected. storm in be cheaply remaved ; QAVE YOUR HAY AND CoßN,—Dixon's Steel and Iron proofO agrinv se pa rroe teeccotni oon-naigo: ,n sdtufirrieh,l ec save their cost in few years; thousands in nee, pries reduced; 3 yearly payments if desired.—lSAAC DIXON, Windsor Iron- works, Edge Hill, Liverpool.

LOOK 1 You have all helped to pay for them before.— J ife Guards' Military Knee Boots, smart appearance, 7'.6d. per pair; Naval Knee Boots, very strong, 6s. 6d. per pair ; Bluchers, ss. 6d. pe- pair ; any siz. ; carriage paid. Cash returned if not approved of.—HENRY J. G AssoN Government Contractor, Rye.

CONsgßv&TOßlßs,greenhouses.frames, 21 oz greenhouse glass, studios, sheds,&c. intending purchasers can ob- tain the best for quality, designs. and cheapness from B. HoDSON, Manufacturer. Tyldesley. List and estimates free. State wants.

'DI ARGAINS.—BUSINHSS, TOURING or SPORTING 11 SUIT, made to measure 15s. 9d., warranted all wool, best finish, perfect fit and style guaranteed or money returned; sketch and patterns sent.—CHABLEs SEirmoun, Chapel Walks, Manchester.

tHINA AND BARTHHNwARE. Cheapest in the trade A Seconds crates from £2. Every assortmer,t. Chins, Gilt Seconds Is. dozen. Hawkers, Marketrnen and Shop- keepers should write at once for free Price LisL.—NoRMA.CoT ART POTTERY, Dept' 14, Normacot Works, Longton, Staffs

BCILA. Mils best quality C3sturne and Suitiog F fennel ; Ilnsbrink- able ; fast colours, hard wearing. straight from mill at a very great saying Costume length (10 yards), 151. ; Gentlemen's Suit length. 10s. 6d The proper thing for holiday wear. Patterns free on request.—H. N. RHODES, Heathfield Mill, Uppermill, near Oldham.

SILVICR WATCHTIS at Third of Cost.—For Seven Days only. Solid Silver stamped Ladies and ...tents' Watclaa,. sent carriage paid on receipt of Postal Order for Ps. 6d Value will surprise you. Money returned if not anproved of.. Heavy Hall-marked Sliver Albert for ss.extra. —STERLING & Co., Gothic Building, Great Hampton it., Birmingham.

TIP YOU IRRQUIRII INFORMATION concerning Conti- ' nental Premium Bonds, apply to the Continental Pr,- mium Bonds Company, who arranae (lash A.dvances on fully p,id Premium Bonds ; reasonable interest on terms to 'se arranged. Bonds purchased Combinations of Bonds for sale by easy instalments, at Current Market Prices on Con- tinental Bourses, inclusive of brokerage and small Ma'am for interest. —THE CoNTINEvTAL Paßkrium BoTO4 Co.. 31 West Stanniside, Sunderland. Telegrams : ' Premium, Sunderland.

FOUND DEAD. QANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rsts answers well. " After one dressin4 I found 135 dew/ next morn- ing."—J. Bras% Helstborpe, Leighton. " I killed 200 rats witb Sanford's Poison."—O. Ooox, Farmer, Nlleamere. strove,/ 145 rats with it ." —O. Mums. Offori.—Send Is 2d SANFORD & SON, Sandy, BO+. Sold by Chemists.

:4" fl e b tral.

HRUMATISM cured by weiring electrical dises, per .I.ti post 7d. pair.--GRIY, 51 High Street, Birmingham. ALKSR'S ' Death to Pain.' 2s. 9d.; sample sent 3 stamps.-13, GRANGE RD, Small Heath, Birmingham _ _ . ASTHINIA. cured by Zematone.—Write for Pree Trial Box and copy of testimonials to D. CORNFORD. 4 Lloyds Avenue. L.ndon.

,4 DVRItTISIO{, baying been cured by Dr. McLaughlin's rt_ Electric Belt, sell greatly reduced, new December strong current.regulatorAn.—Btota.llllllbrook, •4 onthampton

QTYRILI CY In women ; its causes cud curative treatment 1:1 By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. New liditlon just published post free 31.8d.SEELL Ey & Co. Gracechurch et_ London.

QOUTHPORT.—WeeIeyan BOARDING HOUSE, 9.Promen ade ; superlot rooms ; sea view ; board from ss. ; bath, pianos.—CHAMPNESS. UOLKISNToNIi. POSTER'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL and Boarding Establishment unique accommodation for visitors; near sea and country.

LLSWATIIR.—PATTBROALK H OTHL, Ullswater, Pen rith ; stands in its own grounds; facing lake; terms moderate. —2dis4es HUDSON, Proprietresses.

SOUTHPORT.—HOMB for INVALIDS ; medical, surgical, chronic and convalescent patients received; south aspect. —Apply SUPERINTENDENT. 42, Avondale roid.

ITILIARNItY.—uPILLANIV3 EIOTHL, Ifigh st.. clean 11 comfortthle ; be. per day ; every attention given haeurtions arranged. Well patronised by Lancashire people

eIHESTER.—WHITE BEAR HOTHL and concert room, tJ Lower Bridge St, best accommodation for visitors. Parties catered for ; goot beds and livery stables.— H, SMITH, proprietor. QHIP HOTEL, T tharnau Merioneth, R.S.O.—Comfortable APARIMES.I'S ; board and lo.lgings ; 3a- miles from Harlech ; golf links, good road, and mountain scenery; hidhly commended.—J. LLOYD.

RAMR ISY.—PRI NCB OF WALYIS HOT RL, facing sea,five minutes from boat, train or electric tram ; family and commercial; boarders from 7s. 6d. per day —Wires, Doe, Ramsey, Man. A. C. DOE, Manager.

KEUTSFORD. Tatton Park Side TEMPERANCR HOTEL. From 21.. per week. Cycle and Motor stabling ; lawn ; gardens. Picnic parties catered for. Moderate terms. —Miss O'BRIEN. Manageress.

BLAOKPOOL.—CRE E SCENT PRIVAT HOTEL, The Park, facing sea. Table d'Hote 6 p.m. (small tables). Excellent cuisine. Tel. 117. Telegrams —" Crescent, Black- pool." —Apply Miss WiLsox. Manageress.

DOUGIA4.—OHALMBEVS YORK BOARDING ESTAB- LISHMINT, central for all amusements ; first-class table ; home comforts.terms strictly moderate; Bowiel terms for parties.-5. Castle terrace, Promenade, Douglas, 1.0. M.

(IHURCH bTRRTTON.—HoImwood Boarding House and APART&IBNTS. High-class; good T. nnis Court; standing In own grounds; close to noted Golf Links. Tariff, —Apply Mrs HARRIS, Holmwood, Church Stretton. Salop. LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITBD. 34 TO 40 LUDGATH HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUASH. HOXE COMNORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. C ENTRAL NOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

A BEE VEIT WITH . THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most zomfortable Family Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 21 guineas per week, or 9s. per day. according to Bedroom. Bed, br.ak - fast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.3; o'clock For name &c., apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

fIYCLBS, High-class, £5 10s. Free wheei, rim brak,c, kj plated rims Guaranteed lists free.—G. B. EDwIRDa & Co., Vulcan Works. Aston. Birmingham.

gitultg, Zugfittsoo. eti. FOItS'L 134g°/titerznedT.lrpreHweand CHIP BUSINESS.— Apply

BLACK POOL. Well-ustablished COMPEL Y- HO USE BUSINESS for DISPOSAL; inspecqoa invite d.-43, TYLDESLEY RD.

VOR SALE, Good SWEET wid TOFFEE BUSINESS; b.st position in Barrow.—T. PENRoSE, 125. Cavendish it.. Barrow-in-Furness.

MO BB DISPOSEP OF as a Going Concern. the BUS!- ' BEN of a Gentleman's Outfitter; best stand in Leigh. —Apply GEORGE GLIVANT A CO., Valuers, Leigh.

G 00D PAYING SWIM BUSINMS, ICE CREAM, ite., for Stie ; lonk up ; main ro‘l : low rent ; everything £2s.—Apply CLARTO., 4. Presto i s. Meanwood, froeuhle. WOOD-TURNING BUSINR4S working 25 years ; lathes gas engine. Ice. ; rent £26; trade wPil secared ; smart man ea,' derive exten:ive profits.—D. B. CONNOR, 61, Lord tit.. Liverpool.

()NLY £B5 Old-estsblisbad Dining-rooms ; main road to B--lie Vue Gsrdens ; god dinner trade ; surrounded by works; club room, piano. beds.-188, LONDON ED.. klancbeyer.

W INC+ to death of Proprietor I have for sale an old-es- )tablisbei RMILSTRY OFFICH ; profits average £l3O per annum ; low price for quick sale ; every investigation allowed, to principals or solicitors only; suit lady with small capital —D. R. CONNOR. estmte agent. 67, Lord St. Liverpool.

ANUFACTURING BUSINESS. earning 75-100 per cent I.v_ll wizh bigh-class trade and repeat orders, stunted for want of capital, a'l nelessary plant, fair stock ; no liabilities. pr-mises (low rent)moet suitable; price for everything £l5O. —D. IC. CONNOR, estate agent, 67, Lord St. Liverpool. UGREMONT CHESHIRE. High Class SWEET .E. 4 MINERALS and ICE CREAM BUctINESS for Sale as a going concern. Established over 7 years. well fitted up and good sto2k. Fixtures and Stock at Valuation. Retiring from Busk ess.—WRIGHT, 81, King St, Egremont, Cheshire.

rllO BR SOLD, the Tenant's Interest in that aplendld 1 Milk and Dairy Farm, namely, the LOWBRFOLD FARM, Heys(de, near Oldham ; about 38 acres, all grass, in the beet of heart, with good retail milk round in the town, delivery twice a day; stock and fixtures at valuation ; plendid opportunity.—Anply Al' THF: Menai.

infant-Rem etc. GAS BNGINH. 6b,p,. Otto and Cro.s:ey for ea,e.— BISHOP, 198. Commercial rd., Landoort. Portamouth

- CROSSLEY GAS ENGINE for Sale; in first-rate "± condition; good as new.—Apply MERCHANT AND Co, 59. Shakespeare at., Southport. fIgRAP, to save removal to stores. Two Pgir-end BOILER- kJ TANKS, 31ft. by fdt. 61n. and 3Mt by 6ft. ; clean and In good condition —Apply RDwARD RATCLIFFE, mazDinery merchant, klawarden.

nUST be removed immediately, two good Sliding and Surfacing LATH Kg. 151 n. centre, upon 35ft. 61n. gap bed, £5O; one 161 n. centre Slide and Screov-cutting. by Oliham and Hicivirde, 201 t. bed, £45; one Planing Machine to plane 10't. by 4ft. 6in., price £5O; one No. 17 Baker's Blower, with eggine attalbed, £45; excellent Set heavy Plate-bending Bolls, I?.ft. 3in. lcng. top roll 241 n., bott,m rolls 18in. diameter; price £5 per ton.—Apply to C. BOOTH and Co., Park lane Liverpool.

pATENT OFF ICF. ANCEIESTER geTABLIf ED IN 1835. Meson. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have had more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establisb. merit andpossess practigal knowledge of the cotton.woollei and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES. C.E., & SON, F.T.P.A., '.BT. ANN'S SQUARE, KANCHESTER •

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS. LIMITED (late Ormerod, Grlerson and Co.), Hnlme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Priley and Tooth Block Patterns am.. Lelooging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•road Iron Works, Mancheater, are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and kiris of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues Wheels and eulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 2E9, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ormerod GrtArson. Manchester."

Ea be ?La.

25, CATHERINE STREET, 6 Rooms 4s. 3d. per week. PENKETH.—GOOD HOUSES WITH GARDENS, 3s. 94. per week, also Cottages 3s. 64. and 2s. 6d. per week. WAHRINGTON.—Large SHOP ) in principal pogitions in main streets, Rents £2OO £l5O. £lOO and £9O a year IVY LODGE.PROGHALL LANK rent £45 a year on lease. Apply ROBERT LowE, Estate Agent. No. I Bank-stroet War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

S-- H T. ANNRS.—ro be Let. SOP and HOUSB, eu,tAble for any buciness; busy thoroughfare ; rant reduced, Grind Rouse and all Conveniences.—Apply, 7, WILLCN-BANK, St. AlineB-911-Sea. rpo LBT. No. 36, Nantwich rd., Crewe. good OORNHEI EiflOP and HOUSH, suit pawnbroker or en,' business. eleven rooms, side entrance, large yard and shed ; close to railway station and cattle markets—ApPly HEWITT. 217. Nantwich rd., Crewe.

HOUSK TO BB LT.—Beech Bank, Crow-lane, Newton- le-Willows ; semi-detached • containing two enter- taining rooms, two kitchens &c. ; 'five bedrooms, bathroom, lavatory, and we. ; good garden, lawn. and outbuildings ; pleasantly situated ; rent £42,—Key by applintraent, OWEN 138, W.rgrave Hos& Newton-le-Willowe.

o n RO. to turn £loo'e into £l,ooo'a in ft term of years:non« speculoive ; either @ex.—PROM, 148, Old-it Loncl.n, B.C.

ttliVcolimHpllleOtiNonS; tiAoallncelnasrsraesnogfedßeavterloi own eribtoeusghVorctiguaicake securities wanted at 3k to q per cent. Business Transfer Agency.—T. EIMITS WOBBLEY, 26, Cooper St., Manchester.

INVESTMENT OFFERED.—You can hear of one of the best opportunities of your life. Has earned over £l,OOO per day,net profits for eight vearsovill return 74 to 15per cent per annum, and is safe.—E. Nixes, 9,oxford row Leeds. FIX ED INCOME of ss. per week guaranteed for every £lO placed with `us for investment ; absolutely no risk ; capital cen be withdrawn at one month's notice —GUAR /If- TEED NON-RISK' INIVESTMITNT CO., St. Blazey. Cornwall. AbVANCES £3 TO .£SOO.—DON'T PAY FS As those Offices who ask for fees,will only pocket your fee and refuse the advance. NO FEES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO SUR iTIES REQUIRED. NO RKSPEC T- ABLE APPLICATION refused. NO FINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFOttWAND dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to suit applicants. Apply and be convinled to the—Manager, J. CALVERT, CLAUGHTON CHAMBERS,I. CLAUGHTON TREET opposite Dr. Knowles) ST. HELENS. LOANS GRANTED DAILY, ANY 'DISTANCE, FROM £5 r o £l,OOO FOR ANT IMMEDIATE WANT, BUSINeEIS OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or starting new business, on simple promissory note. No fines. All applications immediately attended to. Apply in confid- ence, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN Co., 4, PARKER STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. HEAD OFFICE: 9, CORPORATION ST., Mi r 47 CUBS rBR

NO PRELIMINARY PERS CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (NOT LESS THIN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 20 years the total amount lent by the undersigned EXCEEDED .C 1,250,000 1 He has received hundreds of unsoPcited letters of thanks, and has annually, for the past ei.cht rare. issued sel.c- tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,000 copier have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 23, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHE3TER. ESTA.BLISRED 1870.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O. .E5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS. WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DE 4.LINGS. EVERY INFORVIATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS. WIDNES. YOOT ON THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JORN E. GOOD WIN. .B.—Rstablished at this Iddrsss Twenty Years.

ce, £lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £50.-ADVANCES aft/ ei MADE to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT, on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERMS FOR SIVHIT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit made by our Msnacer on same dsy of application who will grant plu the money AT ONCE 1 satisfactory. NOTE: THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 69, HAYDOCK STREET NEAR THE MARKET PLACE RART,I4QTO WN

-VROM £3 AND UPWARD(. DONE, FAH, To GIVE ITS A CALL AND CONVENOR YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEbT RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable is 6d weekly £2O repayable 7s 64 weekly £5 „ 2s 0d ~ £5O „ 17,4 6d „ £lO „ 3s 6d £lOO 39s 61 „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DFIXLING3 apply N fldence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET WAR RINGTO N. MINAGtRRBII. Miss COTT ill ILI Lt,. CAS H DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. Houtts, 9 ain to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY A.TTE 'OD RD T(). - Al ON EY ! MONEY ! ! NioNt&Y ! ! £5 TO ZIOUO, 11_1. To each and everyone a hesrly invitation is offered before going elsewhere to call or write to m in con- fidence and convince yourself that mine is the lowest interest and lowest rate of repayment in England. The entire charge £5 to repay £5 6s. Od. £lO to repay £l2 Os. Od. £2O £24 Os, Od. £4O „ £2B Os. 04 Larger sums proportionately. No bona-fi Its toplicstlon refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once to J.JFINNINGS Manager(priyate house),9.ICADE MY. ST.. WARRINGTON. No delay. Strictest priv soy whether business done or not. Cash delivered on day of application. Distance no object.

IMPORTANT ANN4v7NCHMENT TO THE PUBLIC. WE ARE PREPARRD TO GRANIT SPECIAL TERMS TO ALL PHRSON3 BORROWING MINEY FROM 133. Do NOT J4ESITATE. BUT WRITE AT OWE. WHEY OUR MANAGER WILL CALL UPON You AND GRAVT You THE AstouNT You REQUIRE. NOTE THE ADDRESS: 11 EAST STREET (NEAR THE COUNTY COURT), Sr. }MESS. Established the last Century.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY. £5 TO Rl 00 1 0* TO FARMERS, THAD RSV RN,P RO PIi3SIO NAL GiorrLE- MEN , HOTEL AND LODGING-HOUSE KEEPERS, and to all Responsible Householders Worthy of Credit, upon Note of Hand Alone, in any part of England or Wales. Loan £5 To Repay £5 15 0 •,£lO •£ll 10 0 .. ~i £2O £23 0 0 , E3l £l4lO 0 99 £5O 19 £5710 0 £lOO 11 £ll5 0 0 19 Larger amounts in p•oportion. Extra Charges made in cases considered necessary. Special Terms Arranged to suit Borrowers' Own Convenience. Letters immediately answered. Prospectus free on application Call or write in strict confid- ence to the NATIONAL LOAN SOCIETY, 41, CORPORA TION ST.. MANCHESTER. (Registered Office'.

ADVANCES FROM £5 UPWARDS. PERSONS WANTING TEMPORARY CASH ADVANCES SHOULD NOTE THE ADVANTAGES OFFERED AT THIS OFFICE. (1) THE DESPATCH WITH WHICH ADVANCES ARE COMP ATED. (2) THE SIMPLICITY OF PROMISSORY NOTE, (3) THE REASONABLE RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED. (4) NO FINES FOR ARREARS, (5) REPAYMENTS ARRANGED TO SUIT CON VENIENCE OF BORROWERS. (6, NO BONDSMEN OR SURRTIE REQUIRED. (7) ALL BUSINESS STRICTLY PRIVATE. (8) NO APPLICATION FEES. APPLY PERSONALLY OR BY LETTER. S. AUERBACH. 1 23, MOUNT PLEASANT. LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS 2, KING-STREET, HALEY, AND 13. NEWGATE STREET. CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £ls,cf. ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. Pitt: TIE 6 wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED TEE LOW RATS OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING To RISK. rim WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THis BORROW ER. THE ABSENCE OF ALL PERS. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, AND THE TR ANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NE vV3PAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE ShCRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative w ill call personally upon applicants awl complete the transactions at their own homes or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known, and my reputation stands unrivalled.

EXTERNAL TREATMENT.—SIMPLE, SAFE CER,CAIN. NO HUMBUG, NO BUNKUM. GUARANTEED THE MOST WONDERIPUL SPEC' FOR HUMAN SUFFERING EVER PLAJED BEFORE THE PUBLIC. VITA-LEO CONQUERS Pain, Sickness, and Suffering, Restores and Preserves Health. Prolongs Life. AN IDEAL EMBROCATION FOR ATHLETES. VITA-LEO OINTMENT CURES Ba Legs, Ulcers, Sores, Wounds, Eczema, and other Skin Diseases. Blood Poison, Piles, Fistula, AC. POST FREE: VITA-LBO is. 3d., Is. 9d., and 2s. 9d; OINTMENT, 7d. and is. Id. Direct from Manufacturers, MASSARD AND CO., 180 GREAT BRITAIN STREET. DUBLIN. Pamphlet on" Disease, Cause, Prevention aud Cure" free PLEASE MENTION THIS PAPER.

DR. SCOTTS PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER COMPLAINTS, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS HEADACHE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF APPETITE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS COSTIVENESS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices 18..1id. and 2s. 9d.

ASK YOUR BAKER FOR "VEDA" BREAD, THE MOST DIGESTIBLE, DELICIOUS AND NUTRITIOUS. EVERY LOAF IN A SEALRD WR IPPER. AGENTS : J. 'I OFT AND SON, 98, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. MCDJW ELLS, LIMITED, MASKERY'S COACH WORKS WARRINGTON AND NO EiTH lir ICH. All kinds of CAR (ZI IGES in Scock, or Bain to Orier. REPAIRS and RENOVATIONS carried Out. EXPEDITIOUSLY, SCONOMICLLLY, SATISFACTORILY. PATENT NW CONSTRUCTION BROUG AM, • VERY LIGHT AND STRONG. Evers, description of XI )TOR CAR ROD? to order. ESTIMATES AND TESTIMONILLS APDLIC STION. Talepbone 409 x, Warrington.

THE EXAMINER SERIKS PREPAID ADVERTISEYENTS APARTMENTS WANTED ffoUSES WANTED ApARTMENTS TO LET HoUSES Ton3E SOLD IRTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS IRTIortEs FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

THE EXAMINER. AI73t7ST 20th, 1904.

versa, is but a temporary expedient, and does not strike at the root of the matter. 'To furnish electrical energy to these electric lines (for London) some thousands of horse power in generating stations would be needed. Now the chief reason for the daily exodus of the people is the smokiness and confine- ment of city quarters, but this condition is chiefly caused by steam-driven factories and domestic chimneys. The large amounts of power needed to drive the railway trains migilt with advantage be turned to operate the steam-ariven works by elec- tric power when the first evil would be rnittgated. But this only partially solves the problem, and we look to the work of the great electric power com- panies toinaugurate a new industrial era which shall bring about the decettraliz4tion of she work- ing classes and confine the trade to sections of workers pursuing their daily task under the best possible conditions. Index to Inside Pages. PAGE. 2. Women's Chat and Fashions. Short Story by Clementina Black. Good Templary at Warrington. Fire at Warringtoil. 13. Events of the Week. (Illustrated). Cricket and Bowling. Passive Resisters at Stockton Heath. Warrington Youth's Downfall. C. Councillor Stott and the Health Report. Police News. Our Local Churches. Stockton Heath Garden Society. Motor Notes. Fatality at Penketh. Warrington Woman Drowned. Diatrict News. 7. Mr: R. Pierpoint and Cyprus. "The Opal Ring" by Shirley Raynard.

2/6 PER untReLLAKDL) QUART SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1)8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BRO 3 WINE miggeHarrs. 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

LOCAL NEWS. A Dog of Twenty Years. Mr. Charles Mather 5, Paul Street, has just had to drown a silver-haired Irish terrier which has been in :his possession for 20 years. Can any of our readers who are dog-owners beat this record of canine longevity? • H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the Krso or TONICS. I 63. SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. The Mayor Presents a Clock. • His Worship the Mayor, Alderman Bolton, has pre- sented for use in the magistrates room at the Police Station a gilt clock bearing the following inscription : " Presented to the Magistrates of the County Borough -of Warrington by William Bolton, Esq., Mayor 1904." The clock is a small one of attractive design and it stands on the mantleshelf in a glass case. SUGAR IS DEARER. Golf in the Engadine. The first championship meeting of the recently- instituted Swiss Golf Association has been in progress this week on the Engadine links, near St. Moritz. The chief competition was that for the cup presented by Mr. A. H. Crosfield, of the Royal Liverpool Club. -Mr. J. F. Tarver was the winner. Fins GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR • LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrineion.--- Advt. 'School Children's Treat. • Mr. W. C. Jones, of Llannercla Park, St. Asaph, and late of the Oaklands, Preston Brook, kindly gave the day• and Sunday 8(410°1 children at Daresbury, Moore, Hatton and Preston Brook a treat on Friday last, in commemoration of the coming of age of his son Mr. Piers Jones. About 350 children assembled in a field kindly placed at, their disposal by Mr. Billington, of the Village Farm, where swing boats, cocoanut stalls, . Aunt Sallies, donkeys, Sm. were provided for their free use until dark. An excellent tea was prepared by teachers and friends from the different schools, and partaken of in the Daresbury Council School at four o'clock, after which sports of all kinds for useful presents, were eagerly indulged in until dusk, when the customary cake and sweets terminated a most • ,enjoyable afternoon. Rumoured Restarting of a St. Helens Glass- works. It 'is rumoured in St. Helens 'that the large and important works of the London and Manchester Plate- Glass Company at Sutton, St. Helens, will shortly be restarted. The works were closed about three years ago, a fact which occasioned considerable distress in the district, as many of the men had been engaged , -there for a great number of years. The company have offered the works for sale and it is understood that an influential deputation of gentlemen have made arrange-, meets to visit them within the next few days. It is understood that the plant has been kept in perfect order, so that if it did happen that the works changed hands they could be started almost immediately. Such an event would be gladly welcomed in the dis- trict, where much distress prevails. SUGAR KEEPS DEAR. Music in the Park. The band of the Ist Volunteer Battalion (P.W.V.) South Lancashire Regiment will play in the Park to-morrow (Sunday). The programme will be as follows : Hymn "Angels Holy" Arranged by Ed. Wright of Warrington. March "Corporal Snook" (Rimmer) Selection from Webers "Mass in G." Euphonium solo "Jupiter" (Dawson) (Soloist. Mr. F. Finch) Selection "Ernani" (Verdi) Chorus "Thou alone art Holy" (Beethoven) Selection "I due Foscari" (Verdi) "God save the King." Bandmaster, Mr. J. T. Richardson. SUGAR IS DEARER. The George Hotel Licence. At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee of the Town Council held on Monday, under the presi- dency of the Mayor (Alderman Bolton) the question of the George Hotel licence was discussed.—The Mayor stated, among other things, that since the meet- ing of the Council, when he said that they' could not go on with Messrs. Walker's offer of £2,500 for the licence without going into a " conspiracy" for certain purposes, circum- stances had changed. There had been changes made in the Licensing Bill during the week that would -make Messrs. Walker's offer (including the taking of • the licence from one district to another) allowable. • Councillor Maginn, in the course of the discussion, stated that he intended to take the necessary steps to have a special meeting of the Council called to deal With the matter in public. It was explained that the letter received from Messrs. Walker and Co. since the meeting of the Council did not imply a withdrawal of ' _their offer to purchase the licence; on the contrary it implied that they were content to leave the whole matter to the judgment and in the hands of the Town Council. ASK for CUNNINGHA.M'S HIGH-CLASS MINERA. WATER S.—Advt, ASK for CITNNLNGHAII'S HIGH-CLASS IiINERAL WATERS.—Advt. Vice-Grand Master Houghton at Croft. Vice-Grand Master, Bro. D. Houghton, D.C.S., of the Warrington equalised district braneh Of the Order of Druids, paid a visit to the Croft United Lodge at the Joiner's Arms on Saturday. A meeting was held m the Lodge room, presided over by the Vice-Grand Master. He was supported by the N.G.A. and V.G.A. and P.N.G.A. of the lodge. The Lodge Secre- tary (Bro. linsworth) showed how steadily the finances of the lodge were increasing.—Bro. Houghton expressed the pleasure it gave him to meet the mem- bers of that lodge, and thanked them for their hearty Welcome. In giving an account of the last delegation, Ifr. Houghton pointed out the changes made in the administration of the Accident Fund, and informed • them that a member of the Warrington district would receive a grant of 15 from this fund on the following Tuesday. This member had, unfortunately, met with an accident whilst working, and it had necessitated the amputation of four fingers on his left hand. The ;pent in no way interfered with the member's benefits trona his lodge or district funds. It WU an addition at a time when a member was in need of the practical B:vrapathy of the members and his society.—The Vice- - Grand Master was heartily thanked for his visit.

11336 pence; Cemetery 10.55 pence ;Longford 4.47 pence. The total income from fares was £15,972 7s. id. Adver- tising on cars brought in an income of £214 10s. 10d. and advertising on tickets £29 15s. 10d. The gross profit for the year was £4,468 9s. Bd., but the contribu- tion to sinking fund and interest on loans required £5017 Gs. rd., and it was necessary to transfer from the reserve fund account £9O 12s. 3d. The deficiency at date on this account is £692 7s. 7d. ASSESSABLE VALUE AND RATES LEVIED. In a return showing the assessable value and rates levied since the incorporation of the Borough it appears that the present assessable value to the improvement rate is £224,576 as compared with £220,998 a year pre- vious to That under notice. The average rate levied for the past eight years has been 6s. 61d. in the £ whereas the average for the preceding ten years was ss. 9d. in the £. AN ECHO OF THE WAR. Included in the abstract are particulars of the Volun- teer reception fund, and the Transvaal Campaign relief fund shows that £l5 were spent on a loving cup pre- sented to the Ist V.B. (P.W.V.), South Lancashire Regiment. The relief fund states that pensions were paid to widows and orphans amounting to £lOO 19s. 9d. Allowances were also made to sick and wounded soldiers to the extent of £1 Bs. 6d. There is a sum of £1,300 invested in Corporation bonds in connection with the fund. THE GRANDIAR SCHOOL. The accounts in connectif•n with this school show that the receipts were £1,820 Os. ld. The year's expen- diture was £1,945 13s. 4d., and the year closed with a- balance owing to the bank of £1,820 Os. id.

Goddard's- Plat& Powder Tar Cleaning Silver Electro Nate& Sold everywhere lk 2k& 4/6.

CROP'S PATENT PIPE. 1 ----.- PATENT: NO. 16333.) ..,'•, \"' ' •'`.. ':1:. ~,,,..,,,:$-1? •r '''.t..,;*,.:,t2:.1 • , - This invention effectually prevents any moisture or ..,..., - ,- •••••, ,N.,:k 3,,,,V,F.4k '`,,,,.. s-i..k"i . •-• .. . ' nicotine either entering the mouth :or coming in contact with the tobacco. Any condensation which ~N, '.•,:.= -'••• = .‘;'r t!,:_._.. r might take place is immediately dried up by the -N., :',..• = • --- ',...-:,- ,-- , O' absorber (E) so that the smoke is not only cool but •* '.;°' 1 entirely free from acridity caused by dampness. '' / B :" D i';;". ' Wholesale of e,"; ' ' CHARLES CROP and SONS. Brooksby's Walk, Homerton, a'' 1 . - s ....,,,d• London, E. . Retail of all Tobacconists Price from i;6.

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE. OF OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. A RECORD CURE! AN INFALLIBLE REMEDY ! ! 32, Archer-street, Breakfast Creek, Bayswater, Brisbane Queensland London, W. Dear Sir,—Some 15 years ago I had the misfortune Dear Sir,—Sunday night my big toe pained me, on be attacked with Rheumatic Gout. I tried nearly all Monday it was much worse and in the evening I could the doctors here, but they did not do me much good. I scarcely walk. At 6 p.m. T sent for a bottle of your saw your advertisement and obtained some of your Gout Pills, and took two at once. At 9.30 I was much Pills, and I can assure you quickly got relief. When I relieved, and could eat my supper. I took another feel any of the pains coming on, two or three pills gen- before going to bed, and although so hot I got a fair erally take them away. Many of my friends have used night's rest. I have taken two more pills to-day, and them, and all say they are an infallible remedy. For now, at 6.30, lam alright again. This is a record cure. myself, I say there arc none to equal them. Yours truly, Yours truly PHILIP BRANS. S. L. HOWMAN. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all In- injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

JEWSBURY & BROWN'S (MANCHESTER) Mineral Waters. BY APPOINTMENT OF KING EDWARD VII

THE LATEST SOCIETY GAME. First of all a small regiment of scarlet liveried negroes appeared carrying baskets of champagne bottles. These they proceeded to arrange on the smooth green- sward much in the same way as I had seen the posts arranged for driving or bicycle competitions. Next Mrs. S. B. Clewe herself appeared, followed bya pictur- esquely attired coloured woman carrying a basket piled high with brilliant coloured ribbons. Our hostess then, in a few pertinent sentsnces, explained that the entertainment she proposed was to be a 'Living Team." The ladies chosen would be blindfolded and har- nessed in twos or fours with the ribbons. To each team a male driver was appointed. He was to guide his fair steeds in and out of the maze of bottles without their touching or knocking down one. The team who performed this feat in the shortest possible time would receive a prize! Mrs. S.B. Clewe was not a person to do things shabbily in the way of prizes, so the excitement was tremendous. Shouts of laughter more staccato than ever gay frisks and skirmishes of semi-elderly, but wholly juvenile smart women who wanted to be "gees." Screams and directions about "selecting," harnessing, and handling the ribbons. Es- treaties to' spare the whip, and not spoil the child" (said child represented by a fair young thing of fifty- four, in fluttering muslins and gauzy hat!) In fact a scent wholly indescribable, but without doubt most entertaining. At last they were 'marshalled and arranged. Umpires and judges took up their positions, and the first team started to the inspiriting strains of a quick march from the band. Off they trotted with hysterical giggles and prancings and a liberal display of high heels and lace and silken frills. Thecrowd watched them ecstatically. Mrs. S. B. Clewe had achieved another success! How wonderful she was ! How did she ever come to think of such things? It was an absolute novelty ! It was more entertaining even than Mrs. Fitz Gordon's dogs' garden party for poodles only ! So they xhattered and screamed and criticised while I listened and observed— an unconsidered critic of that heedless crowd. Finally there was a roar of excitement. Down went one bottle, swished by a too lavishly adorned skirt. Team No. 11 was disqualified. A second was selected and set forth. It proved worse. Three bottles wore knocked down. The amusement lasted for over an hour. , Not one of the teams achieved the full purpose of the I contest. So they all blamed their drivers, and Mrs. S. B. Clewe gave the prizes (four diamond stars) to the team whose record had been only one bottle. Then there were a series of consolation prizes, after which competitors and audience all sat about on the grass and drank the champagne. It was dusk before the party broke up—all ecstatic over the new pastime, and bent on introducing it, or "running it" witl4 variations, at forthcoming entertainment of their own.—" RITA " in LONDON OPINION. • A GLADSTONIAN REMINISCENCE. Prorogation of Parliament interests few folk save printers, policemen, and cabmen. The session went out very ingloriously, and much in the same fashion as of, old, save that there was an absence of that warm personal touch which Mr. Gladstone invariably imparted The old man, walking-stick in hand.used to stand by the side of the Speaker's chair and make cordial adieux to friend and foe alike as they left the House of Commons —some of them never to return. It was one of those cheerful and good-tempered fancies dear to a septuagenarian's heart. Mr. Balfour would not mind doing it a bit. It is scarcely conceivable that Mr. Chamberlain would take on the job. For Joseph is a man of strong likes and dislikes, and the way in which he has attempted to squelch Winnie during the present year must—to use a Dickensism—have been " nuts " to that forward young gentleman. Remembering how Gladstone was abused by the Irish Nationalists in the olden time—how he was accused of all manner of crimes and misdemeanours, including the wilful punishment of guiltless persons whom he well knew to be innocent, it is not to be wondered at that some of his denouncers were a little shy of coming up to shake hands with the rare old 'un on "breaking up" day.—T. MCDONALD RENDLE IN LONDON OPINION.

... 111; Is wonderful water proofer for FOOTS & AhNESS. Sof- ". a ...::.•,vO It tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour Allow polish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITIOS HIGHBSI AWAHDS. rlcai4 Tins 3d.. 61., s - 6.'z 6 o/ Boot 1. abbin Makers, Saddlers, lronmoneers &c. Mann/ado,,, East Dul-vrch • London. _ ___

Ileo.rAill ILLVITIATIIIrCATAL•II.2. WlNimmls it' Priam, Cycles. Noises, Ascoaserie., ....w & aecoatt-kaad machines actually in livery ffWtt Mock. Cycles from 30/-. BSA. 4 aaille's machiam. Never Acceesory, to sack bargains offered Prams., Tyree, er Boad for List. - wh..1., Agents wan tod 'VA its., Italf- g is... ' Nair —lltrarrtlear & C... 4 Wow/on -au ....N are. ..

S 411111WWNIIINIVNINIVNIL. ;7""IMPFNIIIIV\IIINIIIIPs"111111VIGIII7 NEP THE BEST K eLESS WATCH AT £, 5. ~..a4 I t • , S Londonii Made BANK P 9 • ~...... _ ~...„ 1. ~.„.. 45... , ,„. In Silver Cases. Keyless, Three-quarter Plate ENGLISH s . (( P LEVER WATCH, Chronometer Balance, all . latest improvements, Crystal Glass Cases, in 4 ~ .N.'0....i2 - Silver, E 5, or in strong 18-ct. Gold Oases, £l5. --, - • . - -.'' e v,! .., ~. . OR AT THE SAME PRICE • 4 , Q/N,.,,,.. . '•:,......,,' ,\\ \`.4 ON "V4C teimez " SYTM I\ '\)'.\ / ,MONTHLY PAYMENTS ? ' .j, fig= " At CASH Prices. WATCHES and JEWELLERY sent Free at 1' I, our risk, to all parts of the world for Cash •MI..- ..4 . , '1 or P. 0.0. • I 1 . Testimonials I, ~..'- %. , :,I , I Old Watches 8; Jewellery taken in Exchange. from t',e ' \': ,'" ii. !, /......, „.. - ___ Wearers ,\ L :/' l' (1(.1 9b--- 4 ~, err r --e -...,._.., , '. in ail 4p , ~---, ••• ,-.;_._..„,..,,,,...- '4, \ ~','.......•;',,' ; parts of the '-, /. ' , GOLD CHAINS (London Hall-Marked), World. - ' • £.3 to £2O. 10 90 0 0 RINGS ~.---,..,-,,---, li Most Superb Stock. NL_________-- Pearls & Rubies, 281- AT MAKERS' CASH PRICES. SAYING Brilliant, Rubies, or Sapphires, £2 . Iss. . '• BUYERS ONE THIRD. c ILLUSTRATED BOOK of Watches from 355-, Agim___ ~,,x,.• ip,',,:, Clocks, Chains, Rings, Brooches, - _- Plate, Cutlery and Bags, POST FREE. \ •*- - .. __ Brilliants and Silver English _Levers, London Made, Ruby or Sapphire, from £3 ios. Singlo-stone Diamond Rings • .r, ch.4' ,q 'v , J. VV. BENSON. crri., " , ...., _„,.„,,,....,. wl!"-------0) • 4. --,,teithit, THE STEAM FACTORY— s.4 ' e iTa-' 62 de, 64, LUDGATE HILL, Brilliants, £l5. LONDON, E.C. Brilliants, £4 .4s. -

~.. .-.% ..00-4,,5..,ry1vf:141-...f------,...,..,--...-..--..,4,..: --17( wx-s, Establi:h ed " A .:4-. •' - 0 140-AY-11-.11-Stat' A"Ath,9 ' , .. r, 4,,..,,,,..,... ci7:e5... :,l t!,74,,,, ;:h.11).,,,;:,1,:5ri:, .. Iv ,1% , .:64 ~.. _ ...::„._ T,1;p1147. " - ;r: .:t 1 i - • 'A .-- j-4. ''',, Or ''' k ' I*-, ', ,IC-1.7.40, '. ----1.1,^ :, -1-, , ~. . k ~-. •'l. -0,..4,4 im '• 71 / q:j. TOM ;.,' v " p i ,' ;. =:-:.-& :- raii Bankers, !,... ~ , . AT ' '''" ' - . 1'43 , -, 4,, :,, _ :.... -..... 141 LLOYD'S. - ' "..• a , .. ' .4 },,,- ~ . 3 --* .[ -1 it ' F--...., ~. • --_.--v, '-• Z. It ' 4 , 4 t . 1. . . _ ~, , „-,,,,),,, ,; , i g ~ : -..-44 _:- im, tic! ; - .., ~. .s., ; , : , . ..,.t,,,,,x,Y..c, ~t, . ,:...-..-rt. .: re,A4 rg. Inspection 1,...A. , , , n . ~ , --r- ~ ~I -6 -t• -- g I Invited. 7, 4 . 'r , ~,.•$, . - --- - -1. 'R, - . :ILI .` • ' , ,-:'' `...... . ; - k.,...,77:ji I ' , ~,,,,, <••••,,i, ~ „. : ,„ - ~, •7,,, , • . •81, ...,i,. so„-:,... v._ ~,, ~ a . L't ' \*\"7-.'''''''• • s \As'''' • ' .‘67 V I:A). '\ ' ;\o'n4K-;:''N•-'4,X-'•'?,;-`4 .., dence . , , N-.. ~\ ..,4410,‘,.*444, ~..41- Itti• 6_,:-.1 •.,\ i \ ' ...:, ~. ss • ' ',.= , .: , ~_ _ _........„ ~;,, B e ,o.A ,L) %-21. 4t.,Aa. .. Ist pRo V,I N,CES -4474b.:%>,- Solicited. Pitts's Renowned Houses of Furniture AT 15i. 22i, 28i, 38i SO, 75, 100, 200, up to 3,000 Gu fleas are the embodiment of everythinz that is EXCELLENT •nd NECESSARY for the embellisnment o the home. T tey are incomparably SUPERIuR IN VALUE AND APPEARANCE to other+. Particulars and Pitts's Illustrated Furnishing Guide, Ccntaining 800 Artistic Designs, PRICED dit ABOUT HALF USUAL FIGURES, GRATIS AND POST FREE. Pitts's Model Furnished House Drawing, Three Bedrooms. Kitchen. and Sctillery enmplefels. Is always on view. Comprises Dinins, ch turnished. EVER YTLIING NEW for 200 Guineas. Ate° THIRTEEN SPECIMEN FURNISHED ROOMS at !um 7 t 125 Guinea?. Each are grand value. DETAILS and PLOTOS FREE.

TIRED MEN. When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing Blectril Belts, write tome, and I will send you a Book, which shows bow every man, young and old, may be quickly and thoroughly cured of NBRVOUSNBSS. 11XHAUSTION, VARICOCHLR, and DRBILITY, from any cause whatever. WITHOUT STOMACH MEDICINIC or BLBCTRICITY. Hundreds of cures. Book sent sealed,post free, for two stamps.—A. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93,Great Russell St., London, W.C. Over seventeen years' successful results.

gt • [ A D . ...II .?". pck Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in th• preparation of High-Cla-ss Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NURIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Coasts:aro, is the one thin needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. HO ECCS ! NO RISK I 1111 TROUBLE!

_ - . - K E AT I NC,S I R POWDEii , - - i BU CS ir - x,4 7- 1 : -e; 4:FLEAS 2. \\,,,--:".4*.- MOTHS V,l . • X',,,,,,,":::.,_14.4-:";.f:. BEETLE ,-:, . -,.. ' 44%.1.1,1/2!-Tf: ago,. ,--
