===== 0002601_19040116_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
mmm • way

===== 0002601_19040116_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
`";+

===== 0002601_19040116_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
OSEPH W OODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED

UNDER PERSONAL SUPER7ISION. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

B. W ADSWORTH,

I, SOLE AGENT FOR THE

WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF

• JOHN BROAD WOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 59, SANKEY-ST.. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLAN LINK.—ro CANADA, UNITED STATES. RIVER PLATE. ANT) INDIA.

SAILINGS PROM LIVERPOOL. PRETORI A N HalifaX N.Ct Jan 21 BURNOR AYRBAN Hallf4x and Phil. Jan 23 MONTEVMEAN...Monte Video and Buenos Ayres Jan. 25 LACRENTIMif Halifax and St. John N.B. Jan 28 CITY OF SPARTA Calcutta OMAN RATES—To Canada, Saloon from £ll. &condi Cabin, £7 1014 Third Class £5 1(4. To India, £37 10s.and £27 10s.

Pop full particulars apply to kraals's. 103.Leadenba1l 3 treet Loudon. B.o..'and 19.*James-street, 'Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
k

. f e. ',s- •,r Za. \NI 4' Ns ~•04, , , , ~.!, . ' :: : c... 4, , I '''', . • e:',. k . • 1 . ; 4,,,t 5,?.,;2 1 „ 't'' ''''V:,47... 'I . s ) ~, 1 X.. .. \\........_ 11::'..t,.:,,,,, .' , r,,,,' 47,:r : .." All - '- '. ‘ .V.i. , _ ~„ die-, ,K 1 1 , , . .. .. ~. .. •* ..... 14 ;' • .. Lill 'I 1' ‘..•;'. .h. ,i; .- , .-- ... .4 , • . , ' 2 . ~."1. , . , .; • 0 . ,

No 1292

ONE NY

QHOP AND WINDOW FITTINGS FOR ALL TRADES(brass lr bronzed);Tailors' Blocks and Dummies; Dressmakers' Boxes and Stands.—J. YATKi, Wholesale and Retail Manufacturer 21 Brownlow hill. Liverpool.

EIVXPERIBNCED Male and Female NURSES at a moment's notice for all cases.—Apnlv NunsEs INSTITILT- Tim Hope House, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 2570 Royal. Telegraphic Address "Nurses."

SATURDAY, JA.NUILRY. 18, 1904.

:YOST 7% per Quarter 6s 6d per• annurr per Q•larter credit

===== 0002601_19040116_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
LIABILITIES.

La. To Current, Deposit, and other Accounts 15,370,896 0 0 Aoceptsnces 1,566,387 9 4 Unoaid Dividends

£16,938,281 9 4 Capital, 125.000 Shares, £6O each, £l2 paid 1,500,000 0 0 "Reserve Fund, as Der last Account •• Transfer from Profit and Loss

_ --- 1.785.000 0 0 ~ Prat and Loss Account— Dividend for half-year to 31st December, 1903 Balance carried to next Account 34,040 16 11

AMTS. £ e. d. £ a. d.

By Cash'in hanci and in the Bank of England 2,038.039 3 7 •• Money with London Brokers and others at call and short notice 1.507,780 0 0 - 3,540,819 3 7

„ Investments. viz. : _ _ 21 per cent. Govern- ment Consolidate' Stock £1.111.112 19s 6d valued at £B5 944,446 0 0 Brlti.b, Indian & Colonial Govern- ment Stocks London & North- Western Railwa ner cent. Perpetual Dr",enture 14 took 10,U00 at £97 Manchester and other Corporation & Rail- way Stocks and Mortgage Deben- tures &c 3.289,380 10 0

6,830,199 13 7 „ Bills of Fachange, lets Rebate „ Advances in Current Accounts trc. „ Liabilities of Customers for Bank's Acceptances 1,565,387 9 4 „ Bank Property 3C0,01.10 0 0

£10,388,572 6 3

INGTON AND BARLBSTOwN. B. 4. HNNEWALL, Manager.

pROSPECT USES S: BALANCE-SHE ETS • PLACARDS. EXTRA LARGE SIZ it OUR epeciality.

_ COMMERCIAL PRINTING. "TA NDBILLS, in large or small quantities cheap and effective. A-1 SPECIAL facilities for PRINTING "all kinds of EDUCATIONAL WORKS. OIRCUIARS fn the neatest style, from moder type,"and of the best workmanship.

e:OlIN WALKER AND CO„ "EXAMINER " OFFICE.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
£20,388,572 6 3

It LOCAL BRANCIUS : WARM

===== 0002601_19040116_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
Swiss PINg CURE.

- THE ONLY RELIABE REMF.DY FOR RHEUMATISM, LUMBAGO SCIATICA. STIFF NECK, SPRAINS, SORE THROATS, BRUISES, CHEST COLDS, WEAK BACK. CRAMP, STIFF JOINTS. CHILBLAINS, (UNBROKEN), AND ALL NEFRALGIC PAINS. Relief Is obtained by tbo first application, and two or three applications are usually sufficient to effect a cure. SWISS PINE CURE has repeatedly succeeded after all the usual internal and external remedies have failed. The authenticated proofs of decided appro'yktion given un- solicited from all parts of the Kingdom, with a rapidly in- creasing sale, fully warrant the assurance that no person suffering from these disorders will.after a trial.be without It. Its use requires no precaution whatever, and is perfectly safe in all weathers.

PRICE is. PER BOTTLF. POST FREE, is 3d. SOLE PROPRIETOR: G. F. BRIMSON,

ANALYTICAL AND DISPENeING 011-EM-IST. ADDLESToNE OR THROUGH ALL CHEMISTS. WEoLEsstac AGENTS: BARCLAY & SONS, LTD.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS (IF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A

SAM N, GREEN

THE SPOT SHOP,

SPECIAL PURCHASE. CARRIAGE LAMPS

FROM 6/11 PER PAIR.

FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVAT

DENTISTRY.

TEETH. Appointments unneceszar7 but 'may 1)3 arranged_ TEETH TEETH. Hach patient inforzr ed beforelaand of work required.

TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH.

Allconsultationa free,

Gold and other fillings at m3dellte charges. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide.

Maker to Dftittszs of 10,000 gallons weekly, lisors, of the late

J. H. P ARK INSO N

(Dzsner lIT HX124.)

MANCIIESTER_ _46, MOSLEY-STRSET

(Telephone 1880),

MR. 'ADDISON ATTENDS ST. BELENq __GEORGE-STREET MOND—AI , 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6—p.m.

WARRINGPON SANKEY-STIZEI7. WEDNESDAI, to 5.

RUNCORN BRIDGE-STREET

THURSDAY,' 2 to 5.

11, APPLEMARKET-STRZET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

-- A CHOICE CIGARETTE S LIDLO Pi '8 SPECIAL SILK-CUT CIGARETTES. GEARA.NTEED.HAND-YIADE PRIM PURE VIRGINIA TOBA.CCO. 8D PER OUNCE. 2s 6D. PER QUARTER-POUND BOX, T. LUDLOW AND CO., rcIGAR MERCHANTS BETwEZN PARR'S BANK AND CENTRAL STATION'. WARRINGTON.

23. 6D. COLLItCTION OF SEEDS. THE VERY BEST QUALITY.

IWill Send, Post Free, One Ounce each of Hollow Crown. 1 Parsnip, White Spanish Onion, Selected Carrot, Packet each of Radish, Turnip, Cabbage, Lettuce. Giant Sprouts, Broacoli, Autumn Giant Cauliflower, Beet. Leek. Marrow. Celery, Cucumber. Tomato, Six PacKets Flower Seeds. Good, Reliable Seeds. Illustrated Catalogue Free. G. F. ALDER, SEEDSMA.N. STROUD, GLOS.

THOUSANDS DIN EVHIRY MAR FROM DISH 461i6 CONTRACTED BY FAULTY BREATHING. PROLONG OUR LIFE By obtalninz our hook, The Breath of Life.' Invaluable to those suffering from Weak Chests, Sore , Throats, Asthma, Bronchitis, Consumpti,n, &c. Will be sent free on receipt of Penny Stamp to core: Postage, &c. THE hYGIENIC HEALTH Co., Trevelyan Buildings, Corporation Street, Manchester.

PHONOGRAPHs,

ITRAPHOPHONES AND GRA MOPH 3NES.

THE CITY DEPOT FOR Tar EDISON. COLUMBIA AND GRAMOPHONE Co's. PHONOGRAPHS AND RECORDS. A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK OF RECORDS.I THE AMATEUR PHOTOG4APHIC DEPOT, 71, OXFORD-ROAD (NEAR ALL SAINTS), MANCHESTER.

ROBERT I OWE. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, Pc VALUER Office and Salerooms: No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPpSITED FOR SALE.

New and St•cond-hand Furniture and other Goode constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Ins peetion invited Furnittne, lc.. warehoused.

HOW TO MAKE RACING PAY WITHOUT TELEGRAMS OR ATTENDING T.-111 MEETINGS. BY A MAGXEII SPLENDID RESULTS ALL TELE-YEAR ROUND. POST FREE: 3d

MAGNET, 10, COPIC S NUM. LONDON, W.O

liflatlimerp, etc.

FOR SALE, Automatic Acetylene Gas Generator and Fittings ; nearly new ; cost £l6 ; take £7.—Apply PICKEN, Bucknell, Salop.

FOR SALE.—Most economical Engine on market: avail. able expansionpom pound surface condeaser, indicator. 37 horse power good reason for selling: price £loo.—Msnl, 5 Anerley Street. Battersea Park Road.

fIARDNIDI GAS AND DLL ENGINRS show highest NJI economy and give no trouble, From ,1 to 50 Horse Power; Lathes and Machine Tools of all kinds, Works fitted complete.—ChtausEa DEPOT, Cleveland Square. Liverpool.

-IRBRNHOUSII BOILRR (new), 2ft. 21n. high x 14in. diameter and 181 t. of 4in. piping, expansion joints. cistern and smokb pipe, 70s. ; also Garden Lights 6ft. x 41t. gland 21oz. glass at 9d each ; Greenhouse lift. x Bft. including 21oz. glass and staging complete, £6 15s, all carriage paid.—D. HORRoCKS, Tyldeslev.

UOUR HOhi3B VBRTICAL ENGINS on Sale. cylinder 1 6 in.diameter.length of stroke 10 in. ,governor and pump attached; Vertical Boller, 8 ft. 6 in. high. 3 ft. 5 in. diameter two cross tubes. insured with Vulc,ln Co., for 65 lb,. work- ing pressure ; both engine and boil& are in first-class condi- tion. —Apply to Joiirf BATTEMBY, teamowner, 184, Derby road, Bootle.

3A.TENT ()Felon. A&OHiiR RaTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON hare ha more than aQ years' personal experiencein. connection with this Establish- ment andpossess practical knowledge of the cotton,woollen and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," pricei. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, P.1.P.A.. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER-

QT. GHORGH'S IRON WORKS. LINIITisCI (late Orrnerod, Grierson and Co.), Huhue. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase,4 all Wheel, P"ney and Tooth Block Patterns ac., Lelonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London road Iron Works, Manchester, an. are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,ana kirds of Engineering Work promptly.—CatalogueS cf Wheels and eulley Patterns on application. N T No 229 Manchester:

Telegraphic address " Ormerod Grlerson, Manchester."

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR

-.••• • MO.;,- ORRELL'S IN K

(UNDER ROYAL [PATRONAGE.)

IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE! had wholesale from

SAM N. BEEN, MARKET PLACE. REINGTON

HARCOURT'S

PENNYROYAL. STEEL AND TANSEY PILLS, THE BEST REMEDY POE ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTS. BOXES 1/11, 2/9, 4/6, POST FREE 25. OXFORD GARDENS. KENSINGTON, W.

ALL kinds of BOOKS BOUND in any style from the simplest to the most elaborate. posTruis OF ALL SIM ALL KINDS OF PHINTING FOR CONCERTS TEA PARTIES SOIREES SERMONS BALLS MEETINGS Szc., St,c FRIZZLING FOR SCHOOL BOIRDi PROFFRSIONAL GENTLEMEN, JOHN WALKER AND CO.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOY TO WO MAN KIN D.

Tbey'are the best known Remedy for ,Ausemia. Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria. Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9id, le lid, 25 94. 48 6d, anti lls, May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, Pr from the Prorrietor. Only Address: 309. PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL.

.ONDON W.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
• -,17.7, 77777,L=7-:.-

===== 0002601_19040116_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
=;:;Paw=il

• • ' _

===== 0002601_19040116_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
MtDOUGALL'S Pater SEL

===== 0002601_19040116_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
'—RAISING FIOUP tigiEsp2sMy.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Only those who use

===== 0002601_19040116_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
VAN HOUTEN'S COCOA

know how good it is to drink and how economical it is in use.

If you have not tried it Buy a new 6d Tin,

you will get 25 cups out of it. Make it with BOILING water

you will enjoy every cup. No Cocoa equals it.

VAN HOUTEN'S COCOA.

Only one quality.

BEST & GOES FARTHEST.

ft h

them in the ranks of temperance when they le_ iands of hope and went to work. The various temperance federations up and down the country were, none too quickly, awakening to the fact that they needed to have an organization asactive,as far-reaching, as carefully devised -Ind systematically arranged as the organizations connected with the Licensed Victuallers' Associations. In addition they had a large number of men in all the churches who were capable even of influencing that unfortunate creation of modern Toryism,—the modern Parliament—and making it possible for it to remember that there was a great body of people in the country who would not be bamboozled into surrendering their temperance principles and prerogatives, and who were determined to see justice done between man and man, especially when the good of the community was concerned. There were now many newspapers which, while not necessarily symPathetic with total abstinence principles, were beginning to see that the •root 9f a great many social wrongs of our day mightbe definitely traced to the liquor traffic and that unlessiParliament was continually urged to work upon the lines of Lord Peel's minority report the drink traffic would stranglethe best manhood of the country. Mr. Matthews quoted several provisions which, it was stated in certain newspapers, would probably be included in a forthcoming Govern- ment Licensing Bill. It would, it NOW stated, be left to licensed victuallers to frame their own compensa- tion scheme, but for a period of five years the magis- trates wotild be deprived•of their power to take away licences on the mere ground that they were not required by the necessities of the neighbourhood. Mr. Matthews strongly objected to the latter provision and said the magisterial right must not be allowed to go. Another proposal was, it was reported, that in future no new licences would be granted unless two old licences were surrendered in return, but the area from which these confiscated licences were to be taken must be con- siderably extended. That minimised the value of the clause. A fourth clause was that the ante-1869 beer- houses would come under the ordinary law and be sur- rendered at-the disoretion of the magistrates! It was not yet decided whether any compensation would be granted. In conclusion Mr. Matthews made a powerful appeal to temperance workers not to allow the magis- serial right to refuse the renewal of licenses to be ,surrendered, and said he was not a pessimist in regard to the temperance outlook. Mr. BORELAND asked his hearers not to place much reliance on the forecast of the Licensing Bill. The resolution was unanimously carried. During the evening solos were rendered by Mrs. Moores, and the trio " The Social Glass" was con- tributed by Messrs. C. J. Sheath, T. Hughes, and A. P. Walmsley. A vote of thanks was accorded to all who had assisted, on the proposition of PastorGnAov, seconded by Mr. J. W. ROBERTS.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TEMPERANCE OUTLOOK.

Rev. J. F. Matthews Reviews the Situation.

MR. E. BORELAND AND THE COMPENSA- TION QUESTION.

Under the auspices of the Warrington Temperance Federation a public meeting was held in Ebenezer Church, Buttermarket-street, on Wednesday evening, Councillor H. Thornton presiding over a fair attend- ance. He was supported by the Rev. J. F'. Matthews and Mr. E. Boreland, of Liverpool (United Kingdom Alliance agent). The CHAIRMAN, in speaking of his efforts in the temperance cause, said that if he told them tlfe amount of money he had spent in lifting up people who had been knocked down by the terrible monster of intemper- ance, they would hardly credit it. He intended now to direct his workings in another channel, and get at the roots Of the evil in the hope that lasting goodl might be done. .Altbough such a vast sum was spent by the people of this country in drink,_ the" trade " had the impudence to ask for compensation for confiscated licences. That, he contended, was out of the question. (Applause). Mr. BORELAND moved the following resolution : "That, inasmuchfas the Prime Minister has declared on behalf of the Government that it is their intention to pass in the comino, session of Parliament a measure de- signed to deprive the magistrates of the full discretion which they now possess over the renewal of licences for the sale of intoxicating liquors, this meeting emphat- ically protests against such retrograde legislation and hereby pledges itself to the utmost extent of its power." Mr. Boreland dealt at some length with the Compensa- tion Bill introduced by Mr. Butcher. He agreed that if compensation was to be given the trade should provide the fund. It was not, however, equally true that if the trade were prepared to find the money temperance reformers ought to agree to compensation. The proposals contained in the Bill would have put the hand of the temperance clock back. According to Mr. T. P. Whittaker, M.P., the eminent statistician the total amount that could be raised by Levying "the trade" on the scale laid down in the Bill was £500,000 per annum. Assuming that the average value of a licence was £2,000 Ithere would only be money enough to compensate for the non-renewal of 250 licences per year. In order to get rid of those licences they would have to give the liquor trade what they never had before—and what they were longing for—a vested interest in licences. Therefore they would be paying a price far in excess of the value they obtained in return. If Mr. Butcher's Bill had contained proposals for the advancement of temper- ance, such as local veto, there would have been two sides to the bargain, but at present only the liquor trade would benefit. The number of licences taken away in England and Wales without compensation last year was 220 on the simple question of "no longer re- quired" and 218 on the issue of "not required' and a very moderate offence against the law. Compensation was but a small thing compared with the establishment of a vested interest and it would fix the liquor traffic round the necks of the people for ever SincelB99 no fewer than 418 licences had been done away with in Liverpool, an-1 he contended that if Mr. Butcher's bill had been law the brewers would not have been so ready to meet the wishes of the magistrates by surrendering;licences. If the trade required compensa- tion they might form an insurance fund, such as that established to meet claims under the Employers' Liability Act without troubling Parliament. At the pre- sent time at least half of the retail licences were in- sured against non-renewal, so why could not the trade insure the others? They would not, acdording to Mr. Whittaker, incur any more expenditure than would be' laid upon them if they took the measures provided in Mr. Butcher's bill. In concluzion he urged his hearers to vote on the temperance ques- tion at Parliamentary elections. The Rev. J. F. MATTHEWS spoke on "The present temperance outlook "and at the outset expressed the hope that in days to come the work of the Temper- ance Federation in the sectional gatherings vaonld be takenup, emphasised, and assisted by the churches in Warrington. (Hear, hear.) He said that very feelingly because while most of their churches had bands of hope and various temperance agencies he did not think that on the whole the work of the Temperance Federation, which was a work of a representative character, re- ceived all the support it was entitled to. Now that it had been reconstituted and reconstructed from the base to the summit, he hoped it would have the warmhearted and loyal support of the whole of the Free Churches,at any rate, in Warrington. After a brief survey of the forces arrayed against temperance, the speaker con- tended that the brewing fraternity was never more alive than it was to-day, was never attempting more to dominate the whole civil and political situa- tion, and was never more determined to graft all the power it possessed upon the voting power of the country than it was to-day. With regard to the forces that temperance reformers had to face in Warrington, Mr. Thornton knew how difficult it was to get anything done by the Bench when the question of licences came up, and how extremely difficult it was to get a conviction against a publican when the police did their best to secure one. And what were the forces at their command? They had—and he was happy to think the work was growing in the town—the various bands of hope, and they could not do better than address themselves still more vigorously to the inculcation of total abstinence principles among the boys and girls. Might he suggest a change in their propaganda methods? He was sick and tired of the entertainments associated with the bands of hope, and he was looking forward to the time when the bands of hope would be societies wherethe best scientific teaching they could get would be used in training children in total abstinence principles. They wanted the children to know, from the scientific standpoint, the deleterious effect of alcohol upon the human system and they would be better able to retain

===== 0002601_19040116_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND AT LAST.

For many years physicians have been seeking a remedy for Bright's Disease. That their efforts have been at last crowned with success will be good news to all who know how many precious lives have been lost through this hitherto incurable disease. In support of the claim that a perfect remedy for this fatal malady has at last been discovered, the case of Mrs. E. A. Jenkin, of Connor Downs, near Hayle, Cornwall, is quoted. Mrs. Jenkin makes this statement. "My Kidneys were bad for a long time, quite thre9 years. I suffered from Palpitation of the heart, ha, dry skin; my body seemed to burn at times and others I would feel cold and chilly. I found that I had Bright's Disease. I tried many remedies but did not seem to get any better. I began to use Dodd's Kidney Pills and, after a few doses, I felt better and was con- vinced that I had at last found the right medicine. I gave up all other medicine and kept on taking Dodd's Kidney Pills and they cured me. \Npw, I ani quite well and strong."

===== 0002601_19040116_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE SHIP CANAL.

The Pending Appeal.

In this case, Crosfield and others v. the Manchester Ship Canal Company, Mr. Pickford, K.C., applied to the Court of Appeal, on Monday to fix a date for the hear- ing. On behalf of the defendants, he asked for February 18, and said the plaintiffs would not be prejudiced by delay, because no stay of execution had been granted in the court below, and operations the defendants had to perform—namely, the making of a channel in the Mersey, near Warrington, were going on, and the plaintiffs were in possession of as full rights now as they could be if the appeal had been heard and dis- missed with costs. The reason for asking fora date so far distant was that Mr. Fletcher Moulton and Mr. Cripps, who led him, would both be engaged before the Water Arbitration Court. Mr. Bousfield, K.C., for the plaintiffs, was not prepared to concede more than a fort- night, and the date was fixed for the 25th inst.

Mr. W. W. Jacobs once more makes his bow to readers of the "Strand Magazine" in the opening chapters of a serial story called "Dialstone Lane contributed to the January number. Most people have wondered at one time or another how the chromo- lithographs, with which everyone is so familiar, are produced—whether the colours are all printed together or two or three at a time, in,short, how it is done. All this is explained very fully and clearly by Mr. L. Gray Gower, and theresare no less than 19 illustrations showing a picture in the different stages. Sherlock Holmes is to the fore again with an " Adventure of the Solitary Cyclist," and Mr. Max Pemberton and Miss Winifred Graham, who also contribute to the month's fiction,assist to make this a strong number,and an excel- lent start for the twenty-seventh volume. An inter- view with M. Curie, the discoverer of radium, supplies the scientific interest in a popular manner ; and art, from the point of view of "Trousers in Sculpture," is a readable article to which the photographs lend ad- ditional interest.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
.• r ••• , A

The Examiner Saturday, January 16, 1904.

did 1 know that he *as a rich man, or that h regarded me in the light of his successor. I sup- pose I must run down and see the old fellow since he wishes it."

"You certainly will if you are wise. What luck some fellows have! Well, you're a good fellow, Tom, and nobody will grudge it you.. And you look as if a little fresh air would do you good. I only wish it was my luck to get the same. It's my part of the country down there. Don't I wish I could go!"

"Come with me," said Torn heartily, "I hate too much of my own company. I'll stand treat, and you shall take all the trouble. It's a bargain, mind! I'll drop you at your place, and stop the night there, and go on to my uncle's next day. It's only a matter of twelve miles or so, you say.'

And so it came about that a few days later, upon a lovely June evening, Tom and his friend were sitting perched upon some crumbling sand-cliffs, overlooking a wide expanse of level sand below, and beyond that the shining, sparkling sea and the glow of the sunset in the west.

They had been talking quietly on indifferent subjects when Arlington suddenly sprang half-up exclaiming: "Great Jehoshaphat Is she being run away with? Or can it be she does not know ? "

"What do you mean ? " asked Tom, alarmed by the look Upon his companion's face. nis eyes were fixed upon a girl rider, galloping along the yellow sands, and his cheek was growing pale.

"The quicksands! The quicksands!" cried Arlington, the drops gathering on his brow. "If she doesn't know; or if the horse is bolting with her, she'll be into them in a jiffy—you can see the shimmering line that divides them from the firm sand—and then no power on earth can save her. She'll be sucked down to a living death before our

That thought settled the matter, and as soon as Tom's summer substitute was installed in his house for the blank months of August and September, he made his way by the northern express up to that Highland Manse, where one bright boyhood's .summer had been spent, and which he had not visited since.

His uncle had been many years dead, but the present minister received him kindly, though he could tell him nothing as to the former residents at the Burnside Farm. The present owners had only been there five years, but that was longer than his own appointment to the little kirk. He helped Tom in his inquiries, but fourteen years had passed since the persons he inquired for had departed, and nobody knew where they had gone. They 'flirt have left quite a short while after his own visit. They had gone south, he heard, and that was all. Nobody in the place had heard anything of them for a long, long time : their very memory seemed to have been blotted out.

Tom scarcely knew whether he were disappointed of relieved by this check. He had hoped to find Molly a married woman with bairns of her own clustering about her, to laugh with her over their childish troth-plight, and receive back from her his mother's gold ring in exchange for some more substantial token of good-will. But then, again, had always come the doubt: Suppose she was one of those who remembered and kept a childish faith? How then? And at that thought his heart always sank so low that it was with as much relief as dis- appointment that he discovered the impossibility of tracing her.

And now, was he free? Was there any further need to think of that childish compact, solemnly made in all truth, yet with no real understanding of its nature in the mind of either child? He thought not. He thought he might dismiss it from his mind. And yet, as the train carried him south, he found that he could not dismiss it; the vibra- tions of the sleeping carriage seemed for ever repeating the same thing:

-"With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, with all my worldly goods I thee endow, in the Name-".

Sleep would not come to him. The vision of May's lovely face came between him and any thought of rest. He hungered for a sight of her. He recalled every soft sweet word that had fallen from her lips when he had sat beside her on summer evenings and had talked to her as he had never talked to any other woman; whilst she had listened with down-bent eyes, a soft flush upon her cheek, and a tender, dreamy smile upon her lips. He felt that he could win her if he but let himself go. If he had spoken no word of love, it was not because he feared that she would not listen. It was rather that he had always felt that possibly honour held him back—that if she knew all she would tell him to seek out Molly' first—and that he knew his own conscience was whispering the same counsel.

Well, now he had done that, he had done his best. If he had failed was that his fault? Was he not free? Could honour itself demand more? The voice within him told him yes, one thing more. Before he asked troth-plight of Lady May he must tell her all the tale, and let her know how far he had once pledged himself, even though he were but a twelve-year-old urchin at the time. The welcome he received from his uncle was very warm; but as they sat at table together the first evening, he said anxiously: "I hope, my boy, that you and May will come to some understanding soon. It does not do to be too leisurely a wooer. We both thought you were beginning—well, you know what—she as well, as you. But it does not do to be too long about it. Faint heart,' you know; and my old friend was talking to me about May the other day. He has a sort of fear lest she may not be quite as free and heart-whole as we hoped. Anyway, my dear boy, don't lose time. May is a very charming girl. She has her admirers, I can tell you." Tom went to bed that night in a whirl of feeling. Yes, it was very true; he must lose no more time. He must not lose her by tardiness. He would seek her out on the 'morrow, and tell her all. He would put. his fate into her hands; he would endure this suspense and uncertainty no more.

He found her at the sunset hour in a little eerie of her own perched high upon the cliffs, looking °vet the wide, glistening sea. Her chin was in her hanil, her eyes were dreamy and soft. She did not at ence mark his approach. He spoke hr name, and she started up, the colour flushing her face from brow to chin. He stood holding her hands in his, devouring her with his burning glances, his heart beating almost to suffocation.

"May,", he said, in a voice that sounded scarcely like his own, "I love you. I think I have loved you from the first moment I saw you. Do you know why I have not told you this before? Sit down, and let me explain. When you have heard all you shall judge whether I am free—whether I may ask you the question that I long to do. You shall decide whether I am bound in honour by what happetied so many, many years ago. There shall be no cloud of secrecy between us."

Her eyes were glowing beneath the drooping lashes; she let him hold her hand in his whilst he told•his tale.

"I was only a boy; I was twelve years old. It was in Scotland, end a little girl from a farm played with me all one long summer. We loved each other, boy and girl fashion. She was but eight years old. When I was going I promised tO come back and marry her; more than this, I swore it in the most solemn way I could think of. I took the marriage vow upon my lips , we plighted our troth upon the moor. I gave her my mother's wedding_ ring as a pledge. For years I held myself married. May, what am Ito do now? When I first knew that I loved, all this came back. I felt a qualm of conscience in case Molly should remember. I have been to look for her; I cannot find her; she is gone. Am Ito lose the happiness of my life for this scruple of honour ? Is the ghost of a boyish love—a boyish vow, to stand between me and my life's happiness ? " He spoke with agitation. Her answer meant so much to him. The colour was comicg and going in her face. She raised her eyes suddenly, and looked full at him ; her lips were quivering, there was the music of mingled laughter and tears in her voice. "Tom," she said, "wa; the ring that you gave to little Molly anything like this? " She held out her left hand. .A plain gold circlet was sparkling upon the third finger. He caught her hand, and a quick gasp broke from him. Something in her look and voice—had he ever noticed it before ?—had it ever been a link between them? Was he dreaming? It could not be! 'Nutt had come to him? Was he going mad?

"Molly! Molly! May!" he cried, and could say no more. ,

"Yes, Call me Molly, Tom; it lirings back the day when I was the little foster-child of the farm —happy and wild and free. 0 Toni! I knew you the first moment when our eyes met. Again and again I thought that you must surely remember me. lam your little wife Molly. And I have never forgotten!". "Molly, Molly! Oh, how can it be? A Scotch farmer's child ? "

"No, only foster-child. My mother nearly died when I was born; nobody thought I could live. They were in the Highlands shooting; the good farmer's wife came to their help. Her baby had died the day before. She took me, and the doctors all said the only chance for my growing up strong and healthy was keeping me there for the first eight or ten years of my life and letting me run barefoot and wild, like a child of the moor. I was ten years old before I was taken home; and I never fitted into the new groove. I was never quite as the others are. I had not the same tastes or pursuits. My great joy was always to 'get out into the air. When I Was quit of the schoolroom, uncle here made me his pet. I came often to visit him. At last he invited me here altogether, and they let me come. They did not. thinkl should ever make a good match ; and this was like a prospective pro- vision-for me. You see, nobody knew that I was married alreac,ly, and I began to think that my husband would ',lot come for me. !" "Molly, 0 Molly! and you knew me when we met? "

"Oh! yes • I knew. You have not changed much, Tom, though I know I have. I had always thought of you as Tom Macallister—the name of Cheston never recalled anything—but when I saw you I knew!"

"And you never told me! 'Why not, Molly?" The blush which dyed her face was almost answer enough. He looked at her a moment and put his arms about her. She laid her head upon his shoulder with a little sigh of contentment. "You will marry me then, my Molly?" "'or the third time? " she queried, with a delicious little laugh. "Don't you remember we wpm married twice that day, to make assuranu. doubly sure r Oh: ed, • • • ou, you dear blind old bat l And think how cheap it will be for you! You will not have to buy a wedding.. ring, for I will have none other but this!"

[TILE END. 1

MACEDONTA.

THE RESPONSIBILITIn ; OF GREAT BRITAIN.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
(Cop.yright.)

===== 0002601_19040116_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
POIINT OF HOAOIJR.

By E. EVERETT-GREEN.

Author of "Golden Gwendolyn," "Dare Lorimer's Heritage," "Shut In," "St. Wynfrith's," &c.

"Molly, I am going away to-morrow. I am going back to London." • "What is London ? " asked eight-year-old Molly with wide-open eyes, as she looked at sturdy Tom, the corners of her lips already beginning to droop. "London is a great big immense place," answered Tom, spreading out his arms as if to express im-. mensity. "If it were set down here, Molly, it would cover all this moor, and miles and miles more. It's all houses, and streets and shops. Oh, you can't guess what it's like. You've never lived anywhere but at the farm yonder." "But why must you go back there, Tom?" "Why, because my father lives there, to be sure. He sent me away up to the Manse to Uncle Macallister because there was fever in our part, and he had to go everywhere amongst it (he's a doctor, you know, and I'm going to be one too, when I grow up), but it's all over now, and school term will be beginning directly. I missed the

summer term, but I mustn't miss the Michaelmas one too; so I'm to go away to-morrow. We got the letter this morning. It ought to have come two days ago; but Sandy forgot to leave it. We've got to say good-bye, Molly ; Aor I've got such lots of things to do." _ _

Big tears had gathered in Molly's eyes. She had played with Tom all through this long happy summer; she could not face the thought of the separation with the equanimity that he was trying to assume. He wanted to play the man, and he had the prospect of the excitement of the journey and the home-coming before him; yet, all the same for that, the thought of the parting with little Molly had been heavily weighing upon him, and those brimming eyes of hers did not make things easier.

"Now, don't cry. Molly, but listen to me. I've got to go away. We can't, either of us, help that; but I'll come back again, when I'm a man, and fetch you away too; and I'm going to marry you here to-day, before I go; so that you will always belong to me, and I shall be your husband wherever YOU are. Do you understand?" Molly's eyes were big and round. She had only the dimmest ideas on the subject of matrimony; but Tom's will was law to her.

"You would like to be my little wife, Molly?"

"Oh, yes, Toni!" "Very vell, then. I will marry you now, here. I have got my Prayer Book with me. I know all about it; and I have got the wedding-ring, too. It was mother's. Father gave it to me; and I shall marry you with it, and you will hang it round your neck, because it will be too big for your finger,- and whenever you look at it you will remember that you are my little wife." "I will remember," answered Molly obediently, staring very hard, and feeling a thrill of import- ance and pride.

Torn led her to a great boulder, one of many scattered upon the bleak hillside; and he found the place in his book, and propped it open so that ha could read the words quite easily. As he did so he explained to Molly in his own words the nature of an oath, and how solemn and binding it was. His uncle had read him a lecture upon this subject not many evenings ago apropos of something he was reading in the newspaper, and Torn had a faculty for grasping an idea and making it his own. _ _ .

- - When all was ready, he took Molly's hand in his, and said, with great gravity and earnestness: "I, Tom, take thee, Molly, to be my wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sick- ness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death us do part, according to God's holy ordinance; and thereto I plight thee my troth."

Then, unclasping hands, and clasping them again, he made Molly repeat after him the corresponding troth-plight: Molly, take thee, Tom," her soft voice willingly repeating the words, her big, solemn eyes fixed earnestly on his face. After that was done, Tom paused for a moment, then he produced from his pocket an assortment of miscellaneous treasures two knives, one much broken, some marbles, a small box of chalks, a pencil and pencil-cutter, a good many nails stuck in a cork, and a variety of smaller possessions. Last of all, from an inner pocket, he produced a gold ring carefully wrapped up in soft paper. These articles he laid out in order upon the boulder, and then, taking the ring in his hand, he solemnly possessed himself of Molly's left hand.

- "With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, and with all my worldly goods I thee endow; in the Name-" The boyish voice dropped a little, and there was almost a note of awe in it, and he pronounced with real reverence the Threefold Name. Molly gazed the while at him with wide, wondering eyes.

• "Now, Molly, we're married!" cried Tom, after a moment's pause, a note of triumphant jubilation in his voice. "Here's a bit of string to tie the ring round your neck, till you're big enough to wear it on your finger. But mind you take care of it always, for it's your wedding-ring. We've been married now in the English way; but we'll make everything quite safe by being married as well in the Scotch way directly; only I want you to take these things first," and he pointed to the array upon the stone. _

"But they're yours,Tom ; they're not mine." "They're yours now; didn't you hear me say I'd endowed you with them ? " Tom spoke bravely; but his eyes rested wistfully upon the best knife, and Molly was woman enough to note it. "I'll 'give you them back—all of them, Tom, dear," she cried; and then, with a diplomacy worthy of riper years,she added: "You'd better take care of them for me. l've only one pocket, and it's often got a hole in it; and mammy doesn't like me having a knife." Tom's scruples were overcAsse, and he bundled back his treasures into his own pocket, only insist- ing that Molly should have the little case of chalks.

"You might write me a letter with them or draw me a picture," he said, and Molly thought perhaps she would, when she learnt how. But there was still something more to do. "Come along," said Tom, taking her by the hand, and leading her towards the spot where the old shepherd, Donald, with his boy, Sandy, sat watching the flock, with the old collie beside them.

"I've come to say good-bye," said Tom, going up and holding out a sun-browned hand. "I'm going to London to-morrow to my father. And I want to tell you that Molly is my wife. We were married this morning. I thought. I'd like to marry her before I went away, lust to make things safe, you know."

"A braw good plan, laddie," answered the old shepherd, with a twinkle in his eye; and when Tom had done his farewells, and was alone again with Molly, he said to her: • "That's how you get married in Scotland—at least, you can if you like. You just tell people that you're married, and that makes you married. So now, you see, we've been married twice; you mustn't ever forget that, Molly. You can't marry anybody else: and when I'm a man I'll come and fetch you, and you'll live with me always and be my little wife." This thought sweetened the parting a good deal, and Molly kissed Tom, and promised she would never,. never forget ; and was quite /sure she would never want to marry anybody else. So he went a little further with her, till the grey farm-house was full in sight; but he did not come inside, even to say good-bye to Molly's mammy; for he was afraid they might cry if he did, told Tom had made up his mind not to do that. Ile gave Molly a great many hugs, and. sent her off home, with tears in her eyes, whilst he took to his heels and dashed down the side of the hill towards the old Manse, half glad that this hardest of partings was over, and rather elated .with the feeling that he was a married man and a bridegroom!

"You lucky (log!" said Ar ington. "If ever there was a fellow born With a silver spoon in his mouth, that fellow is Tom Cheston." "It's a great surprise to me," said Tom, who was now known to the world as the rising young surgeon, whose skil in certain branches was likely to make him a marked man in the future, and a more successful one-than his successful father. "I just knew that I had an old uncle down in the west; but I think he must have picked a quarrel With my father, for he never spoke of him. Nor

===== 0002601_19040116_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
very eyes!"

• Toni was m his feet and dashing down the perilous sand-cliff before the words were out of his companion's mouth. Arlington was slightly crippled from a recent attack of acute rheumatism, and had neither strength nor power for such rapid descent; nor, indeed, had it occurred to him as possible that anybody could scale the treacherous crumbling cliff, save at the places where a path had been cut out.

Perhaps. in cold blood, Tom could not have done it. But it is marvellous what we can do when the blood is tingling in our veins, and it seems a race for life or death. Toni had strength of muscle, and the trained eye and hand so essential to one in his profession, as well as the iron nerve which had helped him to his present position. Springing, slipping, running, falling, but never losing his told on something, never growing dizzy, or failing to take advantage of the nature of the treacherous cliff wherever an advantage was to be gained from it, he reached the bottom with nothing worse than a wrenched shoulder and a rent-coat, and started off at full speed across the stands to warn the rider, who was still sweeping along. Plainly her horse was giving her trouble, but plainly, also, she had not been seeking seriously to check him till the shouts and gestures of the running figure and the signals of a man on the cliffs—little more than a speck to her—warned her that she was in some unknown peril. She pulled hard at her reins. She got the horse's head partly round towards Tom, and two minutes later, through this change of direction, he was able to seize the creature's bridle, and assist her in bringing him to a standstill. When the battle had ended and he looked up, it was to encounter the glance of such radiance and sweet archness and confusion, that his heart leaped within him, as it often does at the sight of some unexpected and brilliant beauty. He was looking at the loveliest girl he had ever seen in his life; and his heart gave a sudden bound as though some strange thing had happened to it. In a few moments he explained the danger he had been in, and her face grew pale as she listened and looked.

"Oh, I did not know. I had never been here before. lam trying a new horse; ho is so very strong. I brought him here because I thought a gallop on the sands would quiet him better than anything else. How can I thank you? " _ _

"Don't thank me. It was my friend yonder who told me of the peril you were in. lam a stranger in these parts. Now are you quite sure your horse is manageable? Will you let me walk beside you till you get him to the road yonder, just at the foot of the cliff? Then there will be no fear."

He paced beside her for a few hundred yards, talking commdn-places, and stealing glances at her lovely flushed face.. When he had seen her in safety and was turning away, she held out her little gloved hand and said half-archly, half- timidly: "Good-bye. I shan't try to thank you. I can't; but may I not know the name of my preserver? lam sure my uncle will scold •me if go home without it."

Tom handed her his card with a little bow. She glanced at it and flushed and, kindled in a bewitching fashion. "We shall meet again," she cried, waving her hand.

And Tom stood looking after her, feeling as though something strange and new had come into his life, which. would never be quite the same again. Two evenings later Tom 'came face to face with this girl once more in the draii ing-room of his uncle's quaint old Tudor house. She was dressed all in white. There were starry blossoms in her golden hair. Her eyes were shining with a shy, eager light. Mr. CheSton, with a smile on his face, pronounced the introduction. "Tom, let me present you to Lady May Renfrew, the niece of my good friend and neighbour, who has taken pity on his bachelor loneliness, and has come to keep house for. him. You young folks must help to make each other lively for as long as you can be persuaded to stay, Tom." Toni had met Mr. Renfrew that day out fishing. He and Mr. Cheston owned adjoining properties, and were friends of long standing. In the eveninc, they sat down to chess as. a natural thing, and the young people strayed out into the soft shadows of the garden, where the dying daylight and the summer moonlight made a witchery of conflicting lights and shadows. They talked as men and maidens have talked since the world began its murse, and walked as in a Garden of Eden of their own. No word of love passed Tom's lips, for,there came between him and this radiant girl a dim floating vision of a baby face, and of a troth plight made long years ago, which had almost been forgotten. He had sometimes thought of it as the _years fled by. Perhaps the memory had helped to keep him from those thoughts of love and marriage which come so easily to some, for Tom had never had a love affair in his life as yet. When Lady May was gone, he stood leaning over the terrace-wall, gazing towards the moon-lit sea, and he started when his uncle (to whom he had taken a great liking) came and laid a kindly hand upon his shoulder. "If you could only learn to love each other it would make two old men very happy, my boy. You are my heir. She is my old friend's heiress. He has adopted her; she is like the apple of his eye. Her people are of the cold, proud sort. She was never happy at home; here she is the life and sunshine cf the place. Ah! Tom, she would make you a sweet wife!"

For one week Toin and May were constantly thrown into each other's company. The days seemed to speed as on wings. They walked in that glamour of love's young dream which transforms the world and annihilates time, and makes the hours fly or drag according as they are spent in company or apart. And still no word of love passed Tom's lips, though there was that in his dark, deep-set eyes that told its own tale. Then suddenly he left, said he must go, but would return. when August had come; and Lady May bid him adieu with shining eyes in which the tear-drops glistened.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
111.

Was he bound in honour to that child's promise, or was he not? This was the thought which never left Tom by night or by day as he plunged into the vortex of his professonal work after the brief recess.

Every incident of that childish "wedding" was clear to him now; ; and again and again he sought to laugh the notion to scorn, whilst the voice of conscience said in his hearA: "You were old enough to know something of the nature of azi, oath. You made your promise with your whole understanding and mind. How do you know that she is not waiting for youi still? Child as she was, she may remember, too. Until you have seen her again and. have released yourself from that solemn pledge, you should not think of yourself as absolutely free. It may have been nothing but childish vow but a vow it was, and a nliehted word is not to be lightly broken. Would you like the story to come to Lady May's ears, and for yots to be forced to confess that you have never sough to ascertain whether the other child remembered t

===== 0002601_19040116_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
• • .6 : .1 r • 6411 • . _2.1?

CONSCIENCE MONEY.

The general manager of the South-Eastern and Chat- ham Joint Committee has received anlanonymous letter sent from Italy containing the sum of £2O in Bank of England notes as conscience money in payment of rail- way fares not paid twenty years age.

The Blackburn Band of Hope- Union and Free Church Council have forwarded to Mr. Arthur Chamberlain a letter expressing their high appreciation of the splendid services he has rendered to the whole country as chair- man of the bench of licensing magistrates of Birming- ham, their great admiration of the courage and sagacity he has shown in the face of tremendous organised opposition and difficulties, and their hearty sympathy with him in the treatment he has received at the handa or the Licensed victuallers of Birmingham.

PITTS'S SPECIIII4:N FURNISHED ROOMS are- " rooms " in the pmper sense of't he word, not simply small spaces rartitloned off. No, ours are full sizea, just as they would appear in a large residence, and are artistical y eecorated in keeping with the 4.ticles an i fabrics therein. They shoW AT A GLANCE how best to lay out any nartic l• - bw sum, and ought certainly to ke seen by all about to furnish irrespective of the amount of expemilture contemplated.

PITTS'S MODEL FURNISHED HOUSE comprise& Dining, Drawing, Three Begroom., Kitchen andr scullery, equipped throughout, llVditY CHING QUITII Tqßw, guaranteed. for 230 Gnine ,5,14 a mircel for the money' It is not excelled anywhere at 50 per cent. more.

iD) T TS' S EXPERIENCE CON& D A. 13 r_, PGRASURR in showing visitors, whether buying o? not, through the above. as they invariably favourably lcn press all who see them. We like to know that, our effort% to place, tasteful and rtliable wares within the reach of the !Panes., pursefare fully appreclated,and should greatly esteem YO j. opinion thereon.

pITTS'S FAR-FAMED HOUSES OF FURNI- TURE at lti, 221. 281, 34,, 50, 75, 101, 20 uo to 2,0 )0 guineas, are at their price the BIIST 'eH.I MONBY CA.N BUY. The selection of articles, their Qumtity and Quality,- cannot possibly be surptsse I. They ripresent the acme oc comfort, good taste, and economy. Full particulars post free.

PITTS'S PI &NOS. CYCL B tSS ETTES, MAIL CARTS, Lamps, Chia. t.s, Harth4tiwtre. Table Billiards, Bagatelle, Ac. Magniti3ent sele,3tions.

SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTELt. LONDON ROAD (Ardwick and Longstight Oars). GAYTRORN (all City Road Cars pass doors).

===== 0002601_19040116_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
'{ • •• t • - ••• . • • . ' . • % . ' • • 111

BY ILUG 11 LAW .

A great change has Hissel or 17.1-pguish thought and feeling with regard to the Near Easteran Question within the past twenty-live years. It seems now almost inemnprellensible. that popular clau.our should have raged violently against all, the Prince Con:,ort not excepted, who were even suspected of a desire to avoid the Crimean War: or that twenty- five years later, notwithstanding the Bulgarian atrocities, a large part of the nation sl7ould have enthusiastically supported Lord Beacons- field in threatening Russia with war failing her abandonment of the greater part of the fruits of eller dearly-bought victories. Few voices are now raised in outsfu ken advocacy of Turkish rule; and the atrocious maxim that English interests require the strengthening of the Turkish Empire at what-- ever cost to its subject Christian popula- tions is now seldom heard, at any rate from official lips.

There has, however, succeeded a very general feeling of indifference towards the whole subject. "What are the Macedonians to us, or we to the Macedonians ? " seems now to express- the attitude of the majority alike of politicians and people. Had this attitude been consistently maintained in the past it might have been no great matter. Twice over, within a space of twenty-five years. the Christian subjects of the Porte would have been freed had England merely remained neutral; and nothing we can say can now obliterate the fact that if Hilmi Pasha-and his troops, if the whole monstrous broort of tax- farmers and zapties and Bashi-Bazouks who make Turkish rule everywhere stink in the nostrils of the world, are in Macedonia to- day. it is primarily to .England that that result is due. ,In 1854 the destruction of the Turkish fleet at Sinope, and the evident superiority of the Russian armies, menaced the Turkish Empire with extinction. "Let us never forget." wrote the late Duke of Argyll, last survivor of the Cabinet which yawed the Crimean War, "that it was we— t- the British Government and people—who rescued Turkey .from . this immediate danger and this otherwise inevitable fate." "The Treaty of Paris," he continues, "which terminated the war of 1856, was a concentrated expression of the whole policy on which that war had been undertaken. It made us foremost as a -nation in a joint responsibility—by irre- vocable deeds and by definite transactions—for the very existence of the Turkish Government as a Power even pretending to independence." Nor were these transactions entered into under misapprehensions as to the nature of the Government which was thus given a new lease of life and power over the Christians of the East.

General Sir Fenck Williams. that gallant soldier whose wonderful defence of Kars rolled back the 'tide of Russian conquest in Asiatic Turkey, in the course- of his despatches, which were laid before the Cabinet, dencurced the whole machinery of Turkish government as "an engine of tyranny perhaps unequalled in the world," described the Turkish police as men the "infamy of whose life and character no language can portray," and described himself as "convinced that the Allies-who have fought and,bled to keep the Russians out of these fertile countries could not allow this triumph to be a barren one to the unhappy and oppressed Christian, nor to his fellow-subject, the Mohammedan cultivator.", Unhappily the Allies, with England at their head, did allow their victories to be barren in this respect. Reforms were indeed mooted, and set out in the Treaty of Paris with all the flourishes of the diplomatic draughtsman ; but the execu- tion of them was left to the Turks. The inevitable result followed. Turkish govern- ment proceeded along its accustomed paths, the Powers made the usual diplomatic protests whengver from time to time something more than usually scandalous occurred, and the subjects of the Porte suffered all manner of oppression and outrage as before. The `respite of twenty years which the Wood of French and English soldiers won. for ,Turkey was absolutely barren of reform. At last more than usually atrocious abomina- tions in Bosnia precipitated the Russo-Turkish War of 1878. The Turks were utterly beaten, and the Treaty of San Stefano was dictated under the very walls of Constantinople. Again the Turkish Empire lay in ruins, and again England set herself to rebuild it. She did not, it is true, declare war once more in its defence, but her Ministry threatened hostilities aaainst Russia, and the majority of the nation were undoubtedly at their backs. The' well- known lines, which have enriched the language , with a new word : We don't want to fight, but by jingo if we do, We've got the men, we've got the ships, we've got the,money, too, and which are part of a popular music-hall • song of that time, expressed the feeling of the man in the _street.

Russia. after the immense expenditure in blood and tieasure which the campaign just concluded had cost her, was in no condition to face a new Crimean War. British diplomacy triumphed. and the TreEty of San Stefano was submitted to the consideration of the Congress of Berlin. Into that Congress the British representatives went, as is now well known, bound hand and foot to Turkey by secret agreements. Not, indeed, that the policy of England was ever in doubt. Just as Lord Palmerston a quarter of a century before had Faid, "We support Turkey for our own sake and for our own interests," so now Lord Beaconsfield roundly declared, amidst the enthusiastic applause of Englishmen, that "everyone ought to have known that it was the policy of England to strengthen Turkey as much as possible." It is true that the Treaty of Berlin, substituted by the Congress for the Treaty of San Stefano, is a very different document from the earlier Treaty of Paris. The Turkish Empire in Europe was not restored in its integrity, for a new free principality was permitted to he established in Bulgaria, whilst in Eastern Roumelia the direct rule of the Sultan ceased. But what British diplomacy could do to rehabilitate Turkey it did, and the results were considered sufficient to secure the British envoys a magnificent reception on their return to England. it is quite beside the point to inquire whether the policy pursued by English states- men in 185 A and in 1878 was justifiable or not. It does not matter in the very least what view we take as to this. But it must be abundantly clear that these transactions and the policy upon which they were founded did inevitably create an immense national responsibility for the welfare of subject populations living in all and every part of the dominions of the empire which was thus, twice over saved and set up again by British intervention. But one particular feature of the Troaty of Berlin requires special notice. The Congress restored to Turkey the larger part of those very provinces of Macedonia which have been the scene of recent disturbances and massacres,

Soaking does half the wash, with Fels- Naptha. Half rubbing. No boiling. Half damage to clothes. Go by the book.

roaNaPtlin 39 Wilson street London E 0

and which had won their independence, anci would, by the Treaty of San Stefano, havP formed part of a greater Bulgaria. Surely this is a fact of tremendous import-. ance ! But for the Congress, in which England took the leading part, there would not to-day be a single Turkish soldier in those, the most considerable, potions of Macedonia. The murders, the torturings, the rapes which are ordinary incidents of Turkish rule over sub- ject populations—these horrors (and not those only committed since the insurrection, but those also which, since 1878, have been prepar- ing the way for insurrection)—these lie at our door!

We cannot evade responsibility for our past deeds. For twenty,five years the people of Macedonia have suffered for our action at Berlin, as for the twenty-five years before they had suffered for our action in the Crimea. If ever one people owed a debt of honour to another, the people of England owe it to the people of Macedonia..

- At the present moment an 'opportunity seems, in God's providence, to be extended to England to retrieve the blunders of the past with regard to these unhappy people. Surely she will recognise her responsibilities towards them, and will not be satisfied with paper reforms, the execution of which is committed to the Turk in the comfortable certainty that they never will, and never can, be carried out by him. All the Macedonian peasant asks is the elements of a tolerable government security for life and property, and the honour of I his womenkind. Surely that at least we owe him whom we have so long treated as a pawn in the game of international interests. Over and above the national responsibility there are, of course, those proper to us all individually. In both respects our honour is surely . engaged to protect fellow-Christians who to-day, as' for generation after generation, suffer persecution for the faith, whose churches are -defiled, and whose children are forcibly converted to Islam. Nor can we individually feel without responsibility towards men and women and little ones who are now suffering the very extremes of cold, and hunger, and nakedness as they huddle together in the hills, or under poor roofs of hasty thatch among the blackened walls of their homes—people, too, with whom we are united by the triple cord of humanity, national obligation, and common faith.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

" HAMLET " TERCENTENARY.

Next year will be the three hundredth anni- .4,ersary of the first appearance of Shake- speare's " Hamlet " in print as the author left it finally to the world, which has since then read it so widely. In reality it made its -first appearance in 1602, and was followed by a quarto edition the next year; but " Hamlet," as we know it, dates from. 1604. Therefore, it has been decided to celebrate the -tercentenary of this great work next year, and, •though Hamlet announced "something rotten .in the state of Denmark," that forgiving country promises to play a leading part in the celebration. In honour of the event it has been decided to erect a memorial of the immortal William Shakespeare at Elsinore; and this may be regarded as a whole-hearted tribute of the Danish people to the greatest figur- Eniziish literature. It has received

A L1*.:.2! AP' 4.,L, • sT±:,

KRONBERG CASTLE AND THE RAMPARTS ON WHICH HAMLET SAW HIS FATHER'S GHOST.

the warmest support on all sides from Briton, Dane, and :‘ merican alike; and Queen Alex- andra, our link with Denmark, has encour- aged the scheme in every way, amongst other things subscribing a hundred pounds out of her own privy purse. The memorial is to take the shape of a statue of Shakespeare by .the Danish sculptor, Louis Hasselriis, of .'Rome, and the bard will be tepresented in -stone in a sitting posture with a book across his knee and a pen in his hand. Elsinore. where the statue will be erected, is full of literary associations, as the castle of Kron- berg is always supposed to be Elsinore. On its ramparts it was that the ghost appeared to Hamlet, and within sight of it there are to be found two memorials as immortal as the play itself. One is Hamlet's grave, an old 'pile of stones with a granite slab on top bear- ing the inscription. The other is the spot -where tradition says Ophelia was drowned. .A little brook, however, is all that is left, of 'the stream, but the tree still stands. The ceremony next year at Elsinore will be (51 'great literary interest, and is certain to at -.tract a great gathering of literary celebrities.

• • erLi !!" _A Me it . • L•Nt..l • flr , j*. ' • - - 4.•

===== 0002601_19040116_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW MEMBER FOR MID-DEVON.

The new member for Mid-Devon, Mr. Henry Trelawney Eve, K.C., has resided in the con- stituency for a considerable time, and ac- quired various properties there. He, in fact, owns nearly 3,000 acres of land, and when in Devonshire, for which county he has only recently been ,placed in the commission of •the peace, lives atßoveyTracey, where, as a re- creation fro his work in court • and chambers, he employs him- self in farming 'extensively. He is still well un- der fifty years of age. The only son of a Jamaica mer- chant, he was -educated pr i- 'yately and at 'Exeter College, ••Oxford, and was called to the 'Bar at Lincoln's in iBBi, -soon obtaining a good practice at the pan cery Bar. He took silk in 1895, an was elected a Bencher of his Inn four years later tHe is now the leading .counsel in Mr. Justicc Swinfen Eady's court. He is also connect& with the south-western county by ties of mar riage, for he espoused, some twenty-five years since, the only daughter of Dr. Strangwav llounsell, of Torquay. When he is in towi- 'Mr. Eve resides at Hermiston, Middle Lane Hornsey, and his chambers are in New Square Lincoln's Inn.

H. T. EVE, M.P.

-------N, ". ,-)P,' w , , '----<--- , /1 . 1 . yl) MR

===== 0002601_19040116_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
DANGERS OF THE STOKEHOLD.

The explosion of a 'boiler of the third- tlass cruiser, Walleroo, recalls once more how terrible are the daily sufferings and risks of the marine stoker. No one .who has been down in the stoke-hole of a cruiser can fail to appreciate the hardships endured by tilt., in who work during the long hours to feed the huge furnaces with the gaping mouths -bellowing smoke and _flame. Go hand over hand, gingerly planting every step, down the narrow, slippery iron ladder which is the only entrance to the raging inferno, a dozen feet below the engines, and see the brave fellows working there, girded at the waist and with their chests and arms bare. Inhale for a few moments, if you are able, the thick haze of smoke and coal dust, which seems to fill your very lungs' till breathing is impossible, and which adds intensity to a heat already nigh •to suffocating. Wriat chance have the men of their lives if the steam envelops them ? They are penned up in their little hades like rats in a trap, and if a boiler bun•ts they will be scalded tc;

-death long before there is time to climb the narrow stair to the engine-room. Yet they never think of danger, these men working :away in the heat. " Fancy doing,your work," says Mr. Rudyard Kipling in " A Fleet In being," "with an eight-inch steam- pipe Jig the nape of your neck, an' a dynamo buzzin' -up your back, an' the whole blessed shoct wizzin round in the pit of your stomach ! Then. we jump about and curse if they duf t give us enough steam. I swear 1 think their no end gdod men in tile engine-room." For -their own part, the men take no risks. as -they know what is the inevitable punish- ment of it. Their must be no dilly-dallying about orders, no careless gauging, no pro- arastination. It is no use thinking matters may be remedied. afterwardi. • There is no afterwards for the poor fell ,w who has beeu rash or guilty enough to neglect orders.

THE LATEST 111 MOTORS.

It seems rather paradoxical at first sight to construct a motor forge for the purpose of shoeing horses and repairing sadlery, but this is the latest addition to the equipment of the United States Army. Indeed- in these

S. MOTOR FORGE

days the motor is growing omnipotent, and we may 3hortly expact to have nntor any- things and everyth;ngs ! The motor-field forge is furnished with horseshoes and a complete blacksmith's outfit, in addition to carpentering . and sadlery requisites. and an auxiliary

engino on one side of the machinery works lathe, grindstone, and dynamo. It is con- structed of steel to resist shell and bullet, and is twelve feet long. It has a four cylinder 24h.p. engine, which propels the motor at the rate of ten miles an hour on its lowest speed, and there- is sufficient storage in the gasoline tank to last for three hundred and ninety miles. The wheels are of wood, strongly built on the "artillery" lines, and the tyres, which are three inches in width, are of solid rubber, as nothing pneumatic would be of much value considering the ground this field-forge would have to tra.verse on active service. It is naturally most stflongly and solidly built, and weighs 6,500 lbs. bare, while the equipment adds 'another 4,000 lbs. to the gross weight of the maChine in transit. It has been constructed in New 'iork, and, after it has been sent to Wash- ington for inspection, it will be despatched to fort Kansas for testing thoroughly with a view to use in war.

H. ,t; A . ' , -

THE ILL-FATED WALLEROO

--, 11,7,4,,,.........• -T.,. :.•,'..-::::-. ;AV ' . . ~,, naj3. 't .. 01 rt tetii;• 1/ '''' t s:zr • k,...3ster , 4 : --: ---,,..;, igiTess.:.-1, 34Y '4, W , I .., , --------.___:---------: !V . 5 THE U.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POTTERIES ACCUSER.

Just before Christmas, it will be , remem- bered, a Miss Goss was violently asstulted in a train in the Potteries district, and greal indignation was aroused throughout th country at the cowardliness of the attack. Amongst others, the Hon. and Rev. Leonard Tyrwhitt, vicar 'of Fenton, Staf- was

fordslth e,

fired with indig-

nation,and since the event he has

made the sub-

ject of the moral

state of the Pot- teries the theme

of his latest ser-

mons. Thereby

he has occa- sioned wide-

spread interest

on every side,

focussing th e

eyes of every- one upon hire by the boldness of his outspoken criticism an d

REV. L. TYRWHITT.

Zolaesque analysis of the stateof affairs. In his own immediate neighbourhood, however, he has excited indignation and denials, but he sticks to his position and refuses to retract • one ,iota of his statements. He has taken a very bold and unpopular position by his frankness and outspoken criticism ; and by this fact alone he commands respect and a hearing, though the country in general hopes that things are not as bad as he has made them out to be. He :is, however, not a man to speak lightly or rashly, and he ought to know, as he has been vicar of Fenton for eight years, and there is no question but that his remarks have made a grave impression throughout England. The Hon. and Rev. Leonard Frederick Tyrwhitt is a man of forty, and was a younger son of the late Sir H. Tyrwhitt and the seventh Barones Ber- ners.

A \ • - y ,

===== 0002601_19040116_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATEST CYCLING SENSATION.

• Pnobably the apex of cycling sensation has teen reached by Mdle. Dutrien in her per- formance of "Flying the Flume," which she is now giving at the Crystal Palace. Mild and colourless are looping the loop and such like played Out " thrills". compared with this feat. Mademoiselle has performed the feat in Berlin and Paris, and, after she has finished her engagement at the Palace, she means to perform it throughout the rest of the civilised world. Mounted on a bicycle, the girl slides down a steep shoot, some seventy feet long, like a flash, and then up a short incline. Then there- is a gap of forty- six feet wide in the track. So terrific is their momentum, however, that bicycle and girl

1-\ VI ssi'L • r ll'l 11 A ttl'i i li., V, . 1:4441. 11% I l' at tg 111111Wil . ~ \ ..v!til \ - 1 ii.: lia, t, 1111i4L \,14111 , 11 1 110 iNal\ ~) ilto Ito :0: 1/4..: •1- , . 11, 1 , ` , ~/ 1; v 4.,.: 11 11 , ' \' 'r'-4‘ 1 II , ,1

===== 0002601_19040116_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
FLYING THE FLUME.

take one blood-curdling leap over this forty- six feet of space, alight on the track at the other, side, and dash into a rope stretched across the path. When Mademoiselle does this feat there is only one unconcerned person present, and that is herself. "To go flying through the air is a delightful sensation," she says in a matter of fact tone. Mademoiselle is a pretty, dark-eyed girl, whom at first sight. one would never credit with taking delight in feats other than those practised by any girl.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
A GLOBULAR BATTLESHIP.

A Mr. Stokes, of New York, has recently patented what he terms a "Globular Naval Battery," which he claims to be practically impregnable. This novel war craft is very much in the shape of an inverted bowl. This shape. while giving a maximum of buoyancy, and sc. of armour-carrying capacity, is, how- ever, destructive of mobility,, and it may be doubted whether her four propellers, placed equidistantly round 'the lower portion of her hull, would do more than turn her in the direction in which she wished to fire. For when we remember that the famous Russian circular ironclads, the Admiral Popoff and Novgorod, mere saucers of less than 4,000 tons displacement, required four and six pro- pellers respectively to give them a speed of six knots, all their propellers being placed close together on one side, it seems hardly possible that the globular battery, with her intended displacement of 11,337 tons, would

...41-. ~....7.... :,- • ! .....S ...:: --.-.., ,I,g•••• A , -,:-:„:: ____......• . __... ---,-,..- -7----....--_-_-:-..---_-_------,_?_-_,. -- -------. = .itt1,.....__ ...,-.71.."--"--------- -----.------- .......------- • .........

===== 0002601_19040116_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRIDENT.

be able to make • any headway at all. And, although the inventor does not claim for the Trident, as he terms her, any locomotive powers beyond being able to move slowly from place to place, it seems doubtful whether even this would be practicable, and, well protected as she would be, yet this immobility would place her very much at the mercy of Ihe ram and torpedo. Like other ships she is unprotected below the belt, while an ordinary battleship would find little difficulty. with her immensely superior speed, in getting round outside the line of fire of the two heavy guns, and knocking a hole in her with the ram. The Trident, however, would I=e all but impregnable to gunfire, as she would be able to carry an enormous cuirass. The inventOr designs to give her a complete iB-inch belt from some way below the water- line to the point where she is encircled by an outside gallery.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 16, 1904.

THE CASE OF CANADA.

A FEW FACTS ABOUT TRADE.

IS PREFERENCE PROFITABLE OR

NECESSARY?

The Test Case.

- --- Ma. CHAMBERLAIN has based his whole case for giving a Preference to the Colonies upon the relations between this country and Canada. Canada reduced the duties upon British goods, and the result was that Germany ceased to give Canada the most-favoured:nation treat- ment. This took place in 1897. Suddenly, in 1903, Mr. Chamberlain declared this was an intolerable grievance, which we ought not to take "lying down." Not only does he now want us to attack Germany in return, but he wants us to go to war with tho trade of the whole world, and to tax our food and goods at the same time, in order to support Colonial -trade. Even supposing (1) all Mr. Cham- berlain said of Germany were true; even sup- posing (2) Mr. Chamberlain had taken up the case of Canada in 1897 instead of waiting until 1903; even supposing (3) Germany had treated Canada unjustly; even supposing (4) Canadian trade were more valuable to us than German trade—would all these things heaped together be a sufficient reason for taxing ourselves and going to war with the trade not only of Germany but of the whole world in' order to benefit Canadian traders ? Surely not. But let us take Mr. Chamberlain's pet case of Canada. First of all, Mr. Chamber- lain's sudden animosity towards Germany is in strange contrast with the attitude of the Government (of which he was the chief) in collecting German "debts in Venezuela and in supporting a German railway at Bagdad. Secondly, Mr. Chamberlain never even mentioned 'the case of Germany v. Canada until six years afterwards. Then he saw it would be useful as a part of his campaign, in stirring up ill-feeling against all foreign trades. Thirdly, Germany only treated Canada in the same way that Canada had treated Germany. Canada refused to give Germany most-favoured-nation treatment, and Germany replied by doing ditto. Fourthly, while Germany took from us 233,094,565 worth of goods last year, Canada only took £8,832,000. Thus Mr. Chamberlain's test case breaks down on all 'points.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
More Trade Figures.

THE Canadian Government Fits recently issued a Blue-book, giving the figures of its trade up to the end of their financial year, which ended with June, 1903. These figures enable us to see whore the bulk of Canadian trade comes from and goes to. The figures are. given in millions of dollars:

Canada's ' Canada's Country. Imports from. , Exports to. ' United States ... 138 ... 72 United Kingdom ... 59 ... 131 12 ... 2

Germany ...

France - • 7 Thus we see that, in spite. of the fact that Canada gives a preference to Bfitish baoods,she takes more than twice the quantity from the United States. The fact is, the preiarence is little more than a sham, as goods from tile United States are able to enter Canada upon better terms than British goods. The next point is that it is altogether unnecessary for us to tax our food to give Canada a prefer- ence in the British market, because we already take more Canadian goods than any other country, and we offer the most open market for her produce. if Canada wishes to increase her trade with the British people the remedy is very simple, and it is in the hands of the Canadian people to apply the remedy.. Let them take more of their goods from the Mother Country, and then they can export more of their produce to pay for them. As what Mr. Chamberlain calls the "balance of trade" with Canada is against us it is im- possible for us to take more from Canada until Canada takes more from us.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
The, Results of Preference.

_ REMEMBERINCI that Canada granted a preference to British goods in 1897, it is very interesting to note the growth of exports to Canada from all countries from that date. Here are the figures since 1896. The figures are given in millions of dollars:

From United From From From United Year. Kingdom. France. Germany. States. 1696 ... 33 ... 2 ... 6 59 1E97 29 ... 2 5 66 1898 32 4 5 ... 83 31,99 ... 36 3 7 ... 97 1900 ... 44 4 ... 8 109 1901 ... 42 5 ... 6 •-• 115 1902 ... 49 ... 6 ... 10 123 1903 ... 58 ... 6 ... 12 ... 137 When we look at the increased trade between Canada and other countries, and when we remember that we are far and away Canada's best customer, it is very disappointing (as Mr. Chamberlain admits) to find that Canada has, comparatively, taken so little from us. Just compare the increased trade between Canada and other countries from 1896 to 1903:

United States from £59,000,000 to £137,000,000. United Kingdom from £33,000,000 to £58,000,000. liermany from £6,000,000 to £12,000,000. France from £2,000,000 to £6,000,000.

It is not surprising that even Mr. Chamberlain should have told the Colonial Premiers how very disappointing were the results of Prefer- ence. Until Canada and other Colonies are willing to let in British goods so as to compete an equal terms with their own manufactures all this talk of preference is nonsense.

Due from the Colonies. AT a time when Mr. Chamberlain has boon talking about the " offer " made. by the Colonies, and telling us of the dreadful things which will happen if we do not accept that offer, it is just as well that we shall remember before we tax ourselves for the sake of the Colonies that they owe us something which they have never yet paid. Before Mr. Chamberlain enter6d upon his preflent Pro- tectionist campaign, he had the courage to tell the Colonies they had something to make up to us before we could commence to do any- thing further for them. At the last Colonial Conference he told the Colonial Premiers: In 1897 I would remind yoti that the Premiers then unanimously undertook to consult with their collemues, and to consider whether a preference Alight not be given on their customs tariff for goods imported from the United King- cio:n. This was a proposal without any reciprocal obligation. It was regarded by the Premiers at the time as a proposal that might be made in con- sideration of the fact that the United Kingdom was the largest and the best and the most open market in the. world for all the products of the Colonies.

janada partially adopted this idea, but, as we lave seen, the preference given by Canada has lot been effective. Australia and New Zealand lave refused to lower their tariffs. And yet n the face of this Mr. Chamberlain has had he audacity to ask the British nation to tax heir food for the sake of the Colonial ;rowers.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
"WHY DON'T YOU DRINK VI-COCOA ?"

Every working man and woman should be asked this question daily. The opinion of the Rev. F. F. Taylor, of Suddenhana near Manchester, who writes :—"I like Dr. Tibbles' Vi- Cocoa verylinuch, and have used it every day. I believe it is all you represent it to be. It is far away to be preferred to tea, coffee, and other Cocoas," is the opinion of thousimds. You must have read the striking testimony that is 1 eing published daily respecting the merits of Vi-Cocoa And yet you have not 'tried it. We advise you to do so at once. Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa can be obtained in Gd. packets an 9d. and is. 6d. tins from all grocers and stores; or the Proprietors will send you free a dainty sample tin upon receipt of a post card to GO, Bunhill Row, London, E.C., asking thew to do so.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

USSBT'S PORTABLE BlLLlARDS.—Seientifically co 3- structexc perfectly accurate, excellent workmanshiJ, superior finish, bit. 24 103. 6ft. £o 158., 71t. £1 53. Omani from loctl agent the Special Catalogue of Gioitii G. B UBSigl7 & Co., Billiard Manufacturers, Loudon.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

NORTHERN UNION COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP.

LANCASHIRE v. CUMBERLAND.

The Inter-county Championship engagement between Lancashire and Cumberland, played at Central Park, Wigan, on NVecinesday,!only attracted a moderate attend- ance, some 5,000 persons being present. Owing to the inclement weather the ground was in a wretched con- dition, and this in a large measure spoiled the game. In the earlk stages Cumberland were furnished with an abundance of defensive work, and the game was only a few minutes old when Phil Thomas gave Fish a smart pass, which the Warrington man made full use of, scampering over the line and running behind the posts. Fish took the kick, but moved the earth more than he did the leather. Fish, however, was soonagain prominent, as he looked like getting through when he was pushed into touch. Jackson, the visiting half, was responsible for the removal of the operations to the other end of the field, where Lancashire were penalised for an infringement in the pack, and Timmony essayed to lower the Lancastrians' goal, a feat he did not accomplish. Lomas and Baxter relieved, a clever piece of play ending near the Cumberland goal line where the visiting representatives were in turn penalised, Lomas landing a goal. After a spell of midfield play, Fish gained possession, and was racing away in rare style when he came into violent contact with Crane, with the result that both men were badly damaged, and took no further part in the game. Frater then went into the Lancashire three-quarter line. At half-time Lanoashire led by five points to nil. Immediately on the resumption, the leather was sent from the pack to Hogg, who bounded over the line, to enable Lomas to add another goal. Penned in their own twenty-five, Cumberland found themselves acting on the defensive for a considerable period. Time after time the leather went along the Lancashire three- quarters to Prater who, however, was either caught or pushed into touch ere he could reach the line. The hostilities continued in this fashion during the greater portion of the half, the Lancastrians missing many opportunities of enhancing their position. Ultimately Phil Thomas was given a quick pass,and overcoming all opposition he giounded behind the uprights, Lonia,s again piloting the leather over the bar. It was not until the closing stages that Cumberland were enabled in any way to menace the home county line, but the effort came too late, and they were decisively beaten. Result :--

Lancashire Cumberland

===== 0002601_19040116_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRST DIVISION.

WARRINGTON v. HULL.

After a fortnight's idleness Warrington were at home on Saturday to Hull, whom they beat by a handsome margin. Both teams were practically at full strength and a crowd of over 4,000 assembled. The ground was in excellent order though a trifle soft. Mr. Edmondson of Bradford was referee, and the teams lined out as follows :

Warrington—Hallam, back; Fish, Isherwood, Dicken- son, and Hockenhall, three-quarter backs ; Davies and Bate, half backs; Mousson, Boardman, Swift, Jolley, Thomas, Cook, Naylor, and Edmundson, forwards. Hull—Taylor, back • Parry, Evans, Brown, and Car- viii, three-quarter backs;i Thompson and Goddard, half backs ; .1, Lewis, Harrison, Hardaker, Rhodes, Har- greaves, Spenceley, Small, and Ellerington, forwards. Harrison kicked off against the wind. Davies replied well, and the first scrimmage fell well in the Hall section of the field. A passing bout between Hockenhall and Thomas almost led to a score the first minute, but Taylor succeeded in grassing the latter. Fish was almost in the next minute, Taylor bowling him in touch, close to the corner. Hull were very hard pressed, and had all their work cut out to prevent a score. The Yorkshire forwards were well beaten, and could not get out of their own quarter line. A mark by Davies was taken by Fish, but the ball'fell short,and D ivies was hurt in try- ing to drop a goal. The first time Hull crossed the half-way line was by a good run by Harrison, but Hoclaenhall dribbled, and Fish had an ineffectual drop at goal. A peculiar incident now occurred. Hull were penalised, and Fish took the free kick. Instead of kicking for goal he touched with his foot and than picking up ran over the line and grounded the ball. Amid loud hooting by the crowd the referee disallowed the try, and ordered a scrimmage instead. A few minutes later Dickenson transferred to Isherwood, and the latter passing the ball on to Fish he rounded Taylor and scored a capital try and kicked a goal. Scarcely had the game been restarted when Fish almost scored again after a splendid run. Warrington were having all the game, and Hull scarcely had a look in. They, however, played five three-quarters, and this prevented Warring- ton from extending themselves. Near the interval Hull made a sprint, and got to the quarter-line. They, how- ever, failed to do anything, and when the whistle blew for half-time Warrington were pressing again. Half- time :—Warsington 5 points, Hull nil. Dickenson re-started, and Hull at once pressed. Goddard by a splendid dribble covered half the length of the field, and put his side in a much more favourable position. Flockenhall replied by an equally creditable dribble. Play now hovered at centre until Goddard by a dashing run collared )Fish close to the line. Warrington had an anxious time and a splen- did round of passing between Hockenhall, Dicken- son, and Hallam covered a large portion of the field. Hallam was hurt when tackled, and was off the field for some time,Davies going back. Warrington, however, still had the best of matters, though a man short, and presently Hallam returned. When it seemed odds on no further score, a sensational try came. Isher- wood got the ball from Davies and broke through the opposing quarters. When challenged by Taylor, he passed to Fish, and the latter outpaced all opposition and scored a try and kicked a goal Just on time Davies scored a try after a forward dribble, and Fish kicked a goal. The final whistle blew without restarting, War- rington winning by 3 goals 2 tries (15 points), Hull, nil.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
BROUGHTON RANGERS v. RUNCORN.

This fixture took place at Broughton, before 7,000 people. Some tall punting characterised the early moments of the game, and subsequently play went in favour of Broughton, for whom Wilson scored from a pass by Hogg. NV. James failed at the place. Follow- ing the drop out, Wilkinson, the Runcorn full back, was called upon to clear, but missing the ball, Harry rushed up, dribbled over the line; and scored. W. James again failed at goal. From the scrummage, Sam Jones neatly dropped a goal, while from a penalty Farmer landed a goal for Runcorn. Half-time score—Broughton Rangers 1 goal and 2 tries (8 points), Runcorn 1 goal (2 points). On resuming the game still favoured the Rangers From a long kick by W. James, Hogg got possession and scored an unimproved try. Subsequently Runcorn dribbled over the home line, and in the scramble Walker was credited with a try, Farmer failing at goal. After- wards the Rangers almost pressed continuously, and further tries were scored by Hogg, Harry and Harris, but W. James failed to add the goal points. Result —Broughton Rangers 1 goal and 6 tries (20 points), Runcorn l goal and I try (5 points). Teams : Broughton Rangers :—Fielding, back: Hogg, Wilson, Harry, and Harris, three-quarter backs; S. James and W. James, half backs; Trotter, Scott, Oram, Beetham, Whitehead, Winskill, Thompson, and Ruddick, forwards. Runcorn :—Wilkinson, back; Flanagan, Richardson, Price, and Jones, three-quarter backs; Jolley and S. Walker, half backs: Farmer, J. Walker, A. Richardson, Washburn, Williams, Dixon, Messenger, and Tomlinson, forwards.

Referee, Mr. J. H. Smith, Widnes. Touch judges, Messrs B. Ashton, Oldham, and J. H. Houghton, St Helens.

WIDNES vt WIGAN.

At Widnes, before 3,000 spectators. Widnes in the opening stages had the best of matters, and Tilley made two attempts at goal, both of which were unsuccessful. Leytham then got away, but near the quarter flag he was pushed into touch. A further penalty to Widnes enabled Tilley to place a goal. Wigan then invaded the home territory, but a long kick by Hughes put his side on the attack again, and Mason, the visitors, full back, had an anxious time of it. At half-time Widnes led by 2 points to nil. Webster opened the second half for Widnes. Shar- rock mulled badly, and almost let in Peacock. After a good run by Leytham, Hughes had an opportunity, but lost the ball. When the play was at centre, Aspey kicked badly, with the result that Leytham was given a chance, and running strongly along the touch line, he beat Tilley and Hughes, and scored at the corner. The same player failed at the goal kick. Result :—Wigan 1 try (3 points), Widnes 1 goal (2 points). Teams:— Widnes.—Tilley, back; Wailing, G. Aspey, Peacocke and Hughes, threequarter backs; Lally and Douglas, half backs; S. Aspey, Lynch, Leyshon, Cockram, Webster, McDonald, McCabe and Rigby, forwards. Wigan.--Mason. back; Leytham, Harris,. Rees, and Sharrock, three-quarter backs; Davies and Anderson, half backs; Collier, Brown, Barton, Whittaker, Ellison, Welfenden, Vickers, and Ball, forwards. Referee, Mr. J. Priestley (Salford). Touch judges, Messrs.F. Little (St. Helens), and T. H. Robinson, (Runcorn).

===== 0002601_19040116_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
KEIGHLEY v. SALFORD.

At Keighley, before 3,000 spectators. The visitors played down. hill, but made little impression till a penalty gave Lomas an easy goal. Keighley lost Howker injured, and R. Pearson also. After changing ends, Iseu Myers equalised with a grand drop, and, al- though so severely handicapped, Keighley showed superior play, only just missing victory. Result— Keighley, 1 goal (2 points) ; Salford 1 goal (2 points).

===== 0002601_19040116_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
'HUNSLET V. LEEDS.

Played at Hunslet. The game opened in the Leeds half, but eventually, after a fine passing bout, Evans scored. Littlewood missed the goal. Before this, however, he kicked a penalty goal. Goldthorp also landed a penalty goal. Half-time—Leeds, 5 points ; Hunslet, 4 goal (2 points). Afterwards Grace scored from a bad mistake by Hannah. Littlewood landed a goal for Hunslet. The home side scored twice, goal kicks failing. Result—Leeds, 2 goals 2 tries (10 points) ; Hunslet, 1 goal 2 tries (8 points).

===== 0002601_19040116_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
BATLEY v. LEIGH.

At Batley, Leigh immediately attacked, and Bennett scored, Johnson converting. The same player shortly after kicked a penalty goal. On change of ends Leigh still kept up the attack, and Arrowsn,lith and Bennett each scored tries, Johnson failing at goal in both cases. Hodgson for Batley scored, Wattle Davies converting. Result—Leigh, 12 points; Batley, 5 points.

SWINTON v. BRADFORD.

Played at Swinton. A splendidly-contested game ended in a deserved win for Swinton. Bradford opened the scoring through Breer, the goal kick failing. Lewis then scored for Swinton, and Preston kicked a goal. This performance was repeated by the same players in the second half of the game. Result—Swinton, 10 points; Bradford, 3 points.

HULL KINGSTON ROVERS v. HUDDERSFIELD.

At Hull, before 4,000 spectators. The Rovers had much the better of play in the first half, and Gordon and Phipps scored after clever movements. Carmichael kicked a goal, and half-time found the Rovers leading; by 8 points to nil. The home team continued to out- play the visitors in .the second gall, and Kemp added two tries. Result—Rovers, 2 goals 4 tries (16 points) ; Huddersfield, nil.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
OLDHAM v. HALIFAX.

Played at Oldham. The first half was fairly even,and there was no score. Early in the second half Ferguson dropped a fine goal from a centre, and Dixon and Tyson added two more dropped goals. The Halifax defence was good, and but for this Oldham would have scored much more after the interval. Result—Oldham, 6 points; Halifax, nil.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
INTER-WORKS LEAGUE.

ST. HELENS CABLE CO. V. CROSFIELD'S.—On the ground of the latter and resulted in a win for the Cable Co. by 14 points to nil. LONDON AND 'NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY V.RYLANDS Bnos.—These teams met for the third time in the above competition, on the ground of the former. Previous matches have resulted in victories for Rylands, but on this occasion the railway men whipped together for once their strongest team, with the result.that the wire men received a check to their onward career. The visitors winning the toss, the home team kicked off, but for some informality a scrimmage was ordered on the centre line, where from the pack Timmins secured, and passing out to Lloyd. the latter cleared his men, and at the opportune moment transferred to Jackson, who raced away and scored_ a grand try, Short failing at the place kick. This sensa- tional start put the- visitors on their mettle, and they quickly made tracks for the home line, but the defence was sound. The game was fast and exciting, neither side claiming much advantage and at the intes- val no further score was recorded. From the restart the game travelled from end to end, Rylands were the better forward and as a consequence Floyd who played a neat game gave his backs plenty of opportunities, but any attempt at combination was effectively bottled up by Hewitt who was playing a powerful game at centre. Jackson and Derbyshire each crossed the line, for the sailway, as also did Morris for Rylands but for alleged infringements the points were disallowed and eventu- ally an interesting game ended L. and N.-NV. R. 1 try (3 points), Rylands Eros. nil. •

===== 0002601_19040116_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION. Northern League Meeting.

A meeting of the Northern Union League Committee was held at the Grosvenor Hotel, Manchester, on Tuesday evening, Mr. Joseph Platt (Oldham) occupying the chair. DATE FOR POSTPO.NED FIXTURES.

It was arranged that the matches abandoaed through fog should be played off on the following dates : Birkenhead v. Holbeck, January 20; Birkenhead v. Wakefield Trinity, January 27; Runcorn v, Keighley, February 10; Huddersfield v. Swinton, February 16; Dewsbury v. St. Helens, February 16; Normanton v. South Shields, February 17; Wigan v. Hunslet, Feb- ruary 17; Leeds "A " v. Hebden Bridge, March 5; Castleford Half Acre v. Leeds " A." April 2 ; Bradford "A" v. Wakefield Trinity "A," April 4; Leigh v. Warrington, April ,18; Leeds " "v. Hunslet ' A," April 30.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
REPORTED PLAYERS.

The fcllowing players for various offences were dealt with as follows :—Thomas, Batley, striking at Batley, December 19, suspended to January 23; G. Boardman, Leigh, striking at Swinton, January 1, sending off deemed stifficient punishment; J. W. Walker, Rochdale Hornets, kicking at Pontefract January 2, suspended to January 23; Leyshon, Widnes, striking in match against Huddersfield, suspended till January 30 for re- taliating.

INCOMPLETE MATCHES.

It was reported that the Leeds and Broughton Rangers' match was stopped after 73 minutes' play. The committee decided that the match should hold •good, while a similar decision was given in connection with the Oldham and Batley match, in which 75 minutes were played. MEETING OF GENERAL COMMITTEE.

A meeting of the General Committee of the Northern Union was held at the Grosvenor Hotel, Manchester, on Tuesday evening, Mr. R. Collinge presiding. REFEREES' FEES FOR CUP-TIES.

It was resolved that the referee—s'an-dtOuch-judges' fees for qualifying rounds of cup-ties be 5s and 2s 6d res- pectively, for intermediate rounds 12s 6d and :is and for the competition, proper referees one guinea and touch. judges is 6d with third class return fares in all cases.

BREACH OF RCLES.

For breach of professional law c, the St. Helens club were fined £1 lsand E. T. Jones, the player implicated, was reinstated from date.

A RULING.

Question: The attacking side is allowed a free kick three yards from their opponents' goal line, and near touch line, and the kicker retires 25 yards for the kick. He kicks diagonally across the field in the direction of his opponents' goal, but the ball does not travel 25 yards forward parallel with touch line, and consequently does not" reach the line of the mark," and the attaok- ing side follow up and carry the ball and ground it over the line, the player grounding the ball being on- side. Should a try be allowed or the ball brought back and scrimmaged? Answer : The ball shall be scrum- maged, as per Rule 10. ENGLAND v. OTHER NATIONALITIES. NEW DATE FIXED.

This 12-aside fixture, which had perforce to be post= poned on January 6th owing to the Oldham ground being considered unfit to play upon, was arranged by the committee to take place on Monday, February Bth, at the same venue. The same teams will do duty, with the exception ,that Dechan (Scotland), left wing three- quarter, on the Other Nationalities side, will play instead of NV. Evans (Wales). The teams are as follows :

England.—W. Little (Yorkshire) ; F. Spottiswoode (Cumberland), and R. Wilson and J. Fish (Lancashire); J. Lomas and J. Baxter (Lancashire) ; A. Starks (York- shire), P. Tunney (Lancashire), J. Riley (Yorkshire), S. Walker (Cheshire), J. Ferguson (Lancashire) and J. Blamer (Yorkshire).

OtherNationalities.—D. Smith (Wales); A. Hogg (Scotland), P, Thomas (Wales), and Dechan (Scotland); S. James (Wales) and J. Barry (Wales); J. Rhapps (Wales), A. Laidlaw (Scotland), .1. G. Moffatt (Scot- land), W. Osborne (Wales), Dai Rees (Wales), and G. Fritter (Scotland).

===== 0002601_19040116_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
-•-- ASSOCIATION.

SANKEY GREEN V. LOVELY-LANE A.V.C. At Sankey on Saturday. Result:—Lovely-lane, one goal (scored by Leah); Sankey Green, nil.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW RUGBY CHALLANGE CUP.

The final match for the new challenge cup, presented by Mr. A. F. Stephenson, J.P., of the "Oldham Standard," was recently played between Heyside and the Rochdale Rangers, and resulted, after a keenly con- tested game, in a victory for Heyside. The Cup, which was manufactured by J. V. Benson, Ltd., of Ludgate Hill, London, is a triumph of taste and skilful work- manship. It is wrought in silver, and stands, with its ebony plinth, 27 inches high, is urn-like in shape, and surmounted by the figure of a footballer in the act of "passing." The base is surrounded by a beautiful floral and leaf design, and the front bears the inscrip- tion, "Oldham Standard Challenge Cup," withatre monogram of the donor. In every respect it is a barna- some trophy wpll calculated to fulfil its purpose -of encouraging Rugby football in Oldham and district. Besides the cup the winners were each presented with a solid gold medal of neat and effective design, while the "runners up" vere awarded silver medals with gold centres. The medals, like the Cup, are of Benson's manufacture.

BEACONFIELD SCHOOL, WESTON. At the recent examination of the Incorporated Society of Musicians, held in Liverpool, three pupils from the above school, of Which Mrs. Sprunt is Princi- pal, were successful, viz. :—Annie Owen (Grade 111. Honours) and Arthur Guest (Preparatory Grade, Pass) ; teacher, Miss Chisholm, L.R.A.M. Annie Clarke (Grade 1., Honours) ; teacher, Miss Walton.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
LATCHFORD ANGLING SOCIETY.

Annual Meeting.

I The annual meeting of the above Society was held on Monday evening last at the headquarters of the Club, the Brook Inn, Latchford, Mr. Harry Taylor pre- siding over a full attendance. The annual report was given by the Chairman, who said that the Society was formed at the end of 1902 with the idea of getting Itogether a band of jovial spirits who would benefit largely in health by taking trips into the country on fishing excursions. That object had been attained. The preliminary arrangements completed, certain fishing privileges were next acquired. The opening picnic was undertaken to Stretton where a friendly game of bow 3mesulted. With the opening of the season for 1 co urse fish, fishing contests were arranged, the first tak- ing place in the Bridgewater canal the' match being a big success in every way. Two eiening contests were also fished in the same canal whilst the two special olub , matches were decided at Northwich, the drives there .and back being defrayed by the club. Taken all round I these club contests had proved very enjoyable though lin one of them, at Northwich all the prizes were not ' won. Several members had fished in various open com- petitions, bat not with any great success, whilst the 1 teams entered for the shield competition in connection with the Warrington A.A. hope for better success this year , than that which attended their efforts last season. They ; had also received several handsome presents for compe- -1 titions . and best thanks were due to their friends. I Thanks were also due for the good advice and instruc- • tions which has been given to all members by several experienced anglers who are members of .the Society. They might also congratulate themselves on the hand- some balances which have accrued to the funds of the Club from the dance and hall which were osganised and held in the Parish Room. The specimen fish caught by members during the past season compared very favourably with those caught by members of other societies in the neighbourhood. The season was concluded by a dinner given to all members out of the funds of the Society and the thanks of the Club were due to all members who had worked Iso willingly and energetically to bring the season's work to such a satisfactory and glorious close." The Secretary, Mr. Alf. Starkey, next read the balance sheet, the total income being £29 Os. 2d. and the balance in hand being Li 3s. sd. This-was thought to be highly satisfactory, and the balance sheet was adopted. The election of officers was as follows :—President, Mr. Harry Taylor; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. A. Holland (Northwich), T. H. Houghton, R. Gorton, Fred J. Emson, and J. Waywell ; committee: Messrs. W. W. Starkey, J. Allcock, T. Wright, T. Chorley, A. Maddock. H. Green, and T. Boardman; svcaetary, Mr. Alfred Starkey; treasurer, Mr. J. W. Starkey. The whole of the rules of the Club were revised and also a few addi- tions made. It was decided that all members shQuld become affiliated to the Warrington Angling Associa- tion, and also that the Club be limited to fifty members. Hearty votes of thanks were accorded to the Chairman the officials and committee. The first Club night of the year 1904 will be held on the last Monday in January.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN LEAGUE FIXTURES. First Division. WARRINGTON.

Points 1903. For Agst Sept. 5. Leigh •• 12. Hull „ 19. Batley •• 26. KeighleY 1 home -6 7 Oct. 3. HBruonsulehtton Rangers 1, 10. „ 17. Widnes ~, 24. Swinton 3. Hull Kingston Rovers away 0 2 Nov. 7. Oldham home 0 3 •• 14. Seaton home 5 2 „ 21. Huddersfield „ 28. Bradford Dec. 5 . • Wigan •• 12. Leeds away 0 3

„ 19. Runcorn 26. Salford away 11 3 1904, Jan. 2. Leigh 9. Hun _ _ _ home 15 0

„ ~ 16. Batley „ 23. Keighley „ 30. Broughton Rangers home Feb. 6. Hunslet away „ 13. Widnes home ,' 16. Halifax away ~ 20. Swinton „ 27. Hull Kingston Rovers. away Mar, 5. Oldham away „ 12. Cup Tie 19. Huddersfield „ 26. Bradford home April 1. Halifax home „ 2. W igan „ 9. be eds home ~, • 16 Runcorn 9, 23. Salford home , 30 ..

===== 0002601_19040116_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

Points. • For Agst. Sept. 3. Keighley away 10 2 „ 12. Broughton Rangers home 11 0 „ 19. linnslet - 5 7

~ 26. Widnes home 13 7 Oct. 3. Swinton „ 10. Kingston Rovers „ 17. Oldham awq 0 9 ,f .. `4. Halifax home 7 0 ,' 31. Huddersfield Nov. 7. Bradford , 14. Wigan ."'l. Leeds ft .. home 0 6 „ 28. Hull Dec 12. Leigh „ 19. Warrington away 5 18 „ 26. Batley „ 28. Salford away 0 19 1904.

Jan. 2. Keighley home Postponed „ 9. Broughton Rangers „ 16. Hunslet ~ 23. Widnes away , 30. Swinton Feb. 6. Kingston R away „ 13. Oldham home „ 20. Halifax away , 27. Huddersfield Aar. 5. Bradford „ 19. Leeds away „ 26. Hull Apl. 2. Salford home „ 9. Leigh away „ 16. Warrington home „ 23. Batley . away „ 30. Wigan

===== 0002601_19040116_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES.

Points. For Agst. Sept. s,—Bradford home 5 23 „ 12—Wigan away 0 0 ~ 19—Leeds home 2 5 „ 26—Runcorn Oct. 3—Salford home 0 13 „ 10—Leigh away 5 10

~ „ 17—Wai-rington „ 24—Batley , 31—Keighley — home 8 3 Nov. 7—Broughton It. „ -14—Hunslet home 5 9 „ 21—Hull ~ 28—Swinton away 0 5 Dec. s—Kingston It home 0 3 „ 12—Oldham away 9 8 „ 19—Halifax home 0 0 „ 26—Huddersfield away 0 4 , 28—Hunslet away 3 0 1904. Jan. 2—Bradford „ 9—Wigan home 2 3 „ 16—Leeds away „ 23—Runcorn „ 30—Salford Feb. 6—Leigh home „ 13—Warrington „ 20—Batley , 27—Keighley Mar. s—Broughton It „ 19—Hull „ 26—Swinton home Apl. 2—Kingston R „ 9—Oldham home „ 16—Halifax away „ 23—Huddersfield home

FAILURES IN ENGLAND AND WALES.—According to ",Kemo's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of failures recorded in England and Wales daring the week ending Friday, January Bth, was 134, viz. :—New bank- ruptcy proceedings published in the "London Gazette," 75; deeds of arrangement registered, 59. The respec- tive numbers in the corresponding week of last year were: Bankruptcies, 73 4 deeds of arrangement, 50.—Total 123; being a net increase in bankruptcies of 7, and a net increase in deeds ofiarrangement in 1901, to date, of 14.

BURNS, SCALDS, CHAFES, CUTS, CHILBLAJNS, and ALL WOUNDS. All Pain at once relieverf and quickly:-,, cured. by THE OINTMENT.

= .-.........- : . . k 1 0 . 0 -_----:-..,_ _ -.‘ am --.11-11•-- ..1--------------- _ . .

===== 0002601_19040116_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19040116_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
BABY'S FUTURE

Something for Mothers

to Think About.

Lives of Suffering and

Sorrow Averted

===== 0002601_19040116_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
And Happiness and Prosperity Assured by CuticuraSoap, Ointment and Pills When All Else Fails.

Every child born into the world with an inherited or early developed ten- dency to distressing, disfiguring hu- mours of the skin, scalp and blood, be- I comes an object of the most tender so- licitude, not only because of Its suffer- I

ing, but because of the dreadful fear that the disfiguration is to be lifelong and mar its future happiness and pros- perity. Hence it becomes the duty of mothers of such afflicted children to ac- quaint themselves with the best, the purest and most effective treatment available, viz., The Cuticura Treatment. Warm baths with Cuticura Soap to cleanse the skin and scalp of crusts and scales, gentle applications of Cuticura Ointment, to allay itching, irritation sand inflammation, and soothe and heal, and mild doses of Cuticura Resolvent Pills, to cool the blood in the severer cases, are all that can be desired for the alleviation of the suffering of skin tor- tured infants and children, and the com- fort of worn-out parents. Millions of women use Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuticura Ointment, for pre- serving, purifying and beautifying the ; skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, 1 scales and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening and soothing red, rough and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings and chafings, for annoying irritations and inflam- mations, and for many sanative, anti- septic purposes which readily auggest themselves.

Look to

your Coupons

because if they are Prov ost Oats Coupons they carry g sou value with them. Every pac_ carries a coupon, and by sent in a certain number of coup 11, —not very many—the num bel is specified on each packet, Yot. can obtain absolutely free thc following elegant and use fu. articles :

A Double Enamelled Porringer, A Silver Plated Spoon and A Beautiful Gold-Rimmed Enamelled Plate.

These threearticles will enhance your enjoyment of the finest and most strengthening break- fast food in the world. •Search both hemispheres through and you'll not find a purer or better food than the delicious porridge made from

' Provost ' Oats.

R. ROBINSON & SONS,

ANNAN, N. B

Try our "Blue Bell" Flaked Rice, •t makes dainty puddings in five minutes. Simply drench the flakes in boiling water and cook in an oven for five minutes.

3d. one pound packet.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
A DREAM.

I dreamed one night that I was dead, And for a while did stay, Beside the form they gazed upon. Then went in tears away. The world went on justtis before. But things that used to be So loved and treasured in my life, Had lost their charm for me., Wealth and position mattered nought Nor fame had it been won, Only the feelings of my heart The good and evil ilone. Death did not seem the dreadful thing It does so oft appear, We know not how by death we gain % The dark unknown we fear. I saw the microscopic life On earth in sea and sky And thoughts which are impalpable Man's self that cannot die.

There was no seeming in that world To which we all must go, But unconcealed just as we are Do thoughts and feelings flow. The thoughts and feelings much indulge To which we now aspire There bring to us the harvest grown, Out of each strong desire. There rising from the shade of death The soul is born again, And blessed hope of happiness The pure in heart attain. Methought the orbs that shine in space So beautiful to see, Were worlds of vast evolving life That lives eternally. Through changing lives all creatures live Each life they something gain For in creation's onward march No life is lived in vain. So from the past may instinct rise Not from dead forms / ween But from a long experience Which in the past has been. I dreamed the universe was just And filled with love divine, For all things tend to happiness If true that dream of mine.

S. KENYON.

Warrington, January, 1904.

OUTBREAKTOF SMALLPDX.

At the meeting of the St. Helens Health Committee on Wednesday Dr. P. Drew Harris, medical officer, re- ported that a second case of small-pox had been dis- covered, and on the previous evening a woman had bees removed to hospital from Newton-road Parr.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19040116_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Et! " o,:aintner 00 tries

rIE " WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER." published every Saturch— morning. T" EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EX& HINER , published every Friday afternoon. "F" "ST. HELENS ExAmmut," published every Friday afternoon. Tag " RuNcouN Exikmr:oca,", published every Friday afternoon. T" " WIDNER E3cAltri.Eß," published every Friday afternoon.

PREP &t 1) ADVER'CISENEENT Apkwmg,TT9 Vit.orrgr) }Joys ES:WANT ED APART M ENTS TO LET HOUSES TO RE Soto ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS .LL •NEO' One Three

ARTICLES FM:ND

MISCELLANEOUS SALES

Words. Week. 18 97 36 4; 54

Weeks. Weeks. is. 31. ... 2s. 04. .. Is 10d. Od

... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Orl. ... 3s. Id. ... ss. Orl. ... 31. 84. ... 6s. Od.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Elamtstir gotrbantq, ett

AVANTED GIRL about 16 qr 17 years of age. for small family.-111, WHRLLEY, Wigan.

WANTED good GENERAL; reference required —Apply BAYLY ISAAC. 37. Arnlev Ptreet, war•ineton.

11/ANTED a Fond GENERAT, qiiEVANT, age 20 to 25. Address MS, FORREST, 5, Cross street, Southport.

WANTICD good GRNICRAL, able to wash.—Apply Mrs. POTTER, Hindley Field Cottage.Blekerehaw. nr Wigan

WANTED Two Good GENRRALS for farm home.— Apply 31. HUN?, Home Farm, Aahton-in-MakerfiPld

WANTED good GENERAL SERVANT; must he a good plain cook, —Apply Gimi ALLAN, Charlton Drive,Sale

===== 0002601_19040116_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
VNANTED experienced GENERAL, no washing. wages £lB.—Mrs. StrrcitErg. Southwood, Woreley, near Makchester.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED, tHOU'II-Pii.RLOURNIAIT), age 25 ; Chtveh o? Rngland. Apply to Mrs. GIRRATT. Stapleton HOLM', Frodsham.

WANTKD, good COOK-4RNBRA.L or kitchen-maid might snit. —References to Mrs. ARTHUR RombisoN, The Knoll, Present

===== 0002601_19040116_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
A LL Clams. of SERVANTS Requiring good SITUATIONS -.in. should annly to Mrs. ASKEW, Norton House, Penrhyn road, Colwyn Bay,

WANT RD Go )0 GRNBRAL SS RV ANT ; references requirecl.—Write Mrs. BRowN. 19, Victoria Crescent. Eccles, Ma nch, ster.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
W/INTRO. good COOK-GRNBRAL ; mlt family; good wages to suitable perton.—Mrs. ALEXANDER, Sunny-, aide, Fairhaven, Lytham.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
NTRI). GBNICRAL ; about 20; Protestant: two in family; must wash ; character required.-3, NOR- WOOD AVENUE. Southport.

WANTBD. respactable GENERAL 16 to 18 who will make herself comfortable; reference required.—Apply f.,2, DUKE STREET. Southport.

WANTED a Good GIiNICRAL, wazes £l5, very comfort- able home three in family.--Mrs. Howsi.i.a, Clifton Jnnction. near Manchester.

IvANTHD. CIIINVCRAL SIirtVANT for small family; able to warb and do plain cooking.-25, HIGHER LiNr, Fazakerley. Liverpool.

nOOKS, Cook-generals, Housemaids, Generals Wanted--; some for master,m i stress only.—BOT ToMLET's Registry, MorlPy street. Bradford, York s.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
VV ANTSD, COOK-GI-BNRRAL, for January 26, a-e about ; no washing ; nurse kept.—Appl), evenings 8 to 9.32, OAK ROAD. Withington, Vianchester.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
AITANTBD YOUNG GIRL 16 to 18, to make herspif V generally useful ; good references.—Apply 13, PERU. 'STREET. Cheetham street West, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED for SMALL FAMILY, EXPERIENCED Person, able to undertake whole of household duties. —Miss PEARCH, 14 Ashland Avenue, Wigan.

WANTRD Good HOUSHMAID; three servants and gardener kept; washing sent out.—Apply Mrs. PITAIEURY, Meadowslea, Hope, near Cheater.

WANTED, experienced GBNBRAL immediately; plain cooking; assist with washing ; three in family ; 17.—O'K ELL. Grange med. Rowdnn, Cheshire.

COOK-GBNERALS, Kitcheamalds, and Generals Wanted; Rood references indispensabie. Mae. FARRwoRTR, 60, Btrlc street, Bolton, Lancashire. Stamp for reply.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTBD BXPEIRIHNCBD LAIINDRY&I aID. in girl's serhoni in Sonthport.—Apply, stating references and wages required. to Miss Cox, 9, Waterloo road, Birkdale.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
f 1130K-GIiNRRAL REQUIRED; thoroughly trustworthy ‘.../ for family of four.—Apply, stating age,experience.refer- ences,to Mrs. BinstamT,Aucklands,Victoria Park. Manchester

WANTRD for Lymm YOUNG GIRL to learn Cooking; Tnat have good charactar from previona place; another maid k.pt.—Address Box L. Y., Examiner Office, Warrington

===== 0002601_19040116_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
'WANTBD Rood GRNBIi&L from 25 to 35; experienced no washing ; children.—Anply giving references and eating wages,LßA,4s,Plymouth svenue,C-on-M—Manchester.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
A LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or ti town.puhlic and private.—Call or write Mice HARRISON'S only office). 6,oldham Street, Manchester. Established 1862.

WANTED A YOURS- WOMAN about 26, or a widow- woman about 40 for a cluntry nublic-house for a widow lady and danithter.—Address C.P., ExAMINER Warrlngtnn.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
I 100K4 WANTHD £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress £lB kj to £22, Generals £lB to £2O. Gina £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other office.—Write to Haruttsox's f, Oldham street, Manche,ter.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTBD GIRL trespectable, Protestant. 17), as General; .3111,01 family ; commence £ll ; fare pal'; reference ; present servant oeen 7 year.—Mrs. Powzrz, 101. Newsham Drive Newsham Park. Liverpool.

I VANTED, at once for Southport,go)d COOK-GRNERAL 7' V an HOUSHMAID; also required inFebruary thoroughly experienned General for London.--Address Mrs. HOPKINSON, Church Field, Charlton-ctim-Hardy, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTRD COOK-GRNBRALS, experienced Nurse two babies for Southport, good country Generals,excellent waßes well-,ecomrnencieri situations for suitable maids.- 1141sa PARTON'S REGISTRY, 18 Hale road Altrincharo.

lATANTRD at once NUR-1311Y GOVERNS. also cooks, V housemaids waitresses and generals.—Apply PFOWN'S HIGH CL•S9 EIER NTS' REGISTRY, Dressmakers Ladle.' and children's ontflttersAc ,63.Brldge st, Warrington

===== 0002601_19040116_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL CLASSES Superior SERVANTS WANTED. for London, Scotland. Northumberland, dm—COUNTY REGISTRY (late and Female Servants), Spring Bank, Preston. Branches : Sunderland, Durham, Nlrthumber- land and South.

COOKS, Waitregees, SPwingrnaids, Hous,maido, Nurses, Kitchenroaide, Underhnusemaids, Betweenrnaids, G,•nerals. good ch.rnete••s Indienensable.—PßATFlELD, Victorig RPRistry, 2S Vietroiß otrpet, MRneh.o.r.

ALL CLASSICS OF SITUATIONS, private and public. rood homes, ercellent wages ; places in town.countrv. and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street. Manchester.

QOUTHPORT and DISIRICT DOMESTIC AGENCY.— kJ Ladies requiring good Servants, and Servants wanting Rood situations, stamp for repIy.—HARRISON'S, 11&, London. etreet, Southport. Three dolrs from Parr's Bank.

ivy RS. PRRSTON. Progressive Servants' Agency. 44. .1.V.1 Charles strec-t. The oldest established in Blackpool. Wants SERVANTS with references, for Hotels. Boarding and Private Houses good wisiFs eneln.e stamp. Tel. 0f37.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
to be let.

PENKETH.—Cottages 4s Od.. 31. 94. and s. Bd. per week OFFICES MARKET STREET Apply ROBERT Lowz. Estate Agent„No. I Bank-stroet War. rington. Telephone—No 65.

FURNISHBD OFFICH ; parcel room: 4s weekly.— WRIGHT,' 6 Grafton Mews, Fitzroy Square, London. bt,atap.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
1/orsts. arriagrsC, kr

===== 0002601_19040116_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
PONT and Cf.RT for Sale.—Apply THOMP..ION, High street, Norley, near Warrington.

ON SALM. six large ONINIBUSBS. to carry 38 passengers. —Apply, B. HOLDEN & Co., Clarence yard, Bradshaw gate. Bolton.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
CIARRIAGEIB.-100 new and second-hand, of every dis- lJ cription, at lowest prices —GRANT. carriage builder, 259. Oxford road, near Owens College, Manchester. Bstablisbed 1870.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
HORSES' LOIN CLOTHS, best and strongest in the market, 1181 n. long by 381 n. wide, waterproof, on navy canvas. and weigh 4lb. I will send one post free for 3s.— Yrom Hv. GAssorr, Government contractor, Rye.

pOWBRF TL Black Gelding, 6 years, 16 hands; quite sound good action anti fast ; for van, light lurry work ; single or double harness ; pass all electric cars ; too good and large for owner; sold for no fauIt.—ROBERT POPE, Princess street. Barle.town.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
CU killglNll93, sound and old-establishsd, situated at Bootle ; present owner retiring; stabling for 14 horses; large covered yard, coachhouses, and dwelling house.—For further particulars and orders to view, apply to JAMES P. BATH AND SoN,S9,Ranelagh street,Liverpool. Tel. 2613 Royal

===== 0002601_19040116_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
ELL or LEND for Winter Months —Cart HORSE. 6 years L. 16 2 hands, en ; handsome Nag. 5 yerrs, 15 2 hands, 20 guineas ; half legged mare, 5 years, 15 3 hands, £22, in foal to pedigree horse; all warranted sound, quiet and good, workers in every respect; month's trial ; or would let mare go till weaning time, and give foal for mare's keep. Also three Lurries. three Seta of Gears, Stable Utensils. Hay Chopper; reasonable.-16, IRVINE STREET, Bdgehill, Liver- ool Trams pass.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
.IPW • ••• 0•••. k.

FOUND DEAD.

QANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers 1..) well. " After one dressing I found 135 dead next morn- ing."—J. Bum, Helstborpe, Leighton. "I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."—O. Comr, Farmer. Ellesmere. " I destroyed 145 rats with it."—D. WlLsom. Offord.—Send Is 2d to SANFORD & SONS, Sandy St.Befl+. old by Chemists

A BSOLUTELY SOUND but very cheap PROPERTIES ti for immediate SALE for cash : A grand Block of Flats, W.O district, producing nearly £3OO a year profit for 62 years,will be sold outright for £l5OO, paying nearly 23 per cent., without a mortgage or charge of any kind; the cheapest lot la Londln. Splendid Block of Weeklies, at Peckham, producing about £550 a sear clear, for 71 years; Price £3,500 right out ; no mortgage. Cheap Estate aCCanning Town ; about £BO clear, for 73 years to run ; price £425 right out ; will allow £23U at 5 per cent. per annum if desired. House, B.C. district, producing about £45 per annum clear, fer 77 years; price £195. right out. Two Houses at Maids Vale. producint about £l5O a year clear; price £295 right out; no mortgage. Buyers call or write 4 George street, opposite Gower street Metropolitan Ely. Station, or Telephone 396 King's Cross.

FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOCKS, &c.. BOUGHT fruit CASH TO ANY AMOUNT, OR ADVANOIS MAUS. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGR FOR INSPECTION. H.TLEY AND CO., 12, MOSS-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
~.:41 -.*:•>• -• r- - Cit ir ,exespotts, . ‘4,- i , •., - .. =.,• 4-:,.. i,.,• . , , . ~...e. . •

• .-• .4 j; "cv.. , :• . 4" • . •e: a; • ' 1011 • '

iiliaellanous, en .ealts, trr.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 16, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
11115rellattou5. ngpato, tie.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Vottitn), Elbe *Oa, dr:

riIURKKY COCK, 18 months, 251b5., 295. ; hens 191bs. 235 J. each.—H. HEATON, Duck street, Clitheroe.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
()N Sale Hartz mountain ROLLIIRS in full song 66. 6d 86. 6d. and 106. 6,1. eaeh.—OnooK.36 Union St. Ley land

===== 0002601_19040116_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
QCIRN TI FIC SPECULATION, astounding results, guar- -1.3 anteed success.—TßEVOß. Oketon House, Plymouth.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
EXPRRIRNCED MAN wants situation in single-handed bread bakery.—Write 104, FARN WORTH STREET, Widnes.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
w A r.iirT eBnDB 3tajartpiecruolnares., Ilizprnaerstmfeonrt.Guianteu,selrali_las W 'LLCAbeIIE- S Ca, 68, Charlwood Street, Belgravia, London.

iIIiAMBHRLAIN " : His life ar V Traveller Wanted for this dist and commission to suitable applicant.- LIMING COMPANY, 19, Islington, Liven WANTHD THAMSMAN ; good ploughman; married; cottage and garden ; wages one guinea per week ; abstainer preferred, reference required.—Dmwoßra, Rua- brook Farm, Ha'e Bank, Widnes, Lancashire.

POSTAGR STAM H.—Wanted to purchase old lin glish or Foreign stamps, loose or collec' ions,good price given,no lealers.—CoLtscTon 58, Granville Park, Lewisham ,London.

(16 " : His life and career to date.— ki Traveller Wanted for this district ; £l5O per year and commission to suitable applicant.—The GittEBHAm PUB- LISHING COMPANY, 19, Islington, Liverpool.

SANITARY INSPHMORS.—LADY HEALTH VISITORS: £lOO to £350 ; several nundreci vacancies; 300 successes. postal coon(' commencing for Liverpoll and Manchester Exams. fee 255.—MusHENs, Science Teacner, Sunderland.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
CLUB AND SOCIETY CARDS.

:OF EVERY VARIETY

WITH COMMERCIAL PRINTING.

FUNERAL CARD, single and folded, in the newest patterns, iprinted on the shortest notice.

EXAMINER" OFFICE. BEWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON

TELEPHONE 355 Y. POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

INVOICES for Grocers. Shoemakers, Cloggers Butchers, Bakers, Plumbers, Publicans, &c. A DDRESSES. Pamphlets, Secretaries Reports 4_ll. &c., printed in any size and quantity. C OAL AIERGLIANTS' TICK TS, Billheads, Memorandums, &c. BEWSEY' STREW.. WARRINGTOF.

PLACARDS. in Bhck and Colour,id Inks, to and size or pattern, and on any colour of paper 'JOHN WALKER AND CO

L E NT DAILY m 0 N B YFRO SI £3 TO £5OO. To Shopkeeper!. Farmers. Market Gardeners. Hotel Keepers. Tradesmen, and to ally responsible Householders worthy of credit (male or female), upon borrower's Note of Hand alone, with or without sureties. Amount borrowed and interest combined can be reoaid as follows : £3. Note of Hand, 1/3 week £25 Note of Hand, 5/- week £5, 2/- ~ £5O OP 10/- „ 210, II 3/- .. £lO3 .. 20/- . Larger amounts in proportion. Monthly or Quarterly Pay- ments taken ; other terms can be arranged. Capital can remain at Interest only. Interest lower than any other lender in the district. All transactions strictly private, and straightforward business dealings guaranteed, No bona-fide application refused. inistance no object. No publicity. No delay. Prompt attention to ail inquiries, either personally or by letter, absolutely free of charge. Intending borrowers should write or call for terms of application, and compare our terms. Apply to any of the °Rowing addresses : MUTUAL ADVANCE AND 'INVESTMENT SOCIETY, 82, MILL-STREET, CREWE; 19. QUEEN-STREET, WREXHAM ' • and 31, CHEETHAM RILL-ROAD, MAN- CHESTER. Registered Offices.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
. . /1 . • / • . '• ....:. ' Viro, . e.-{,,... -1 ~,,14- . , ~.., . .-,-; .• . , . , ..--,-of ..!!' .. --;',. • -.-- . ..*--,t----11, ,r . . . , . ... . . ... . .. .. ,-. .....„..-- -,.....:.:...,.....i.f0i....r.... , . • ..._ • .., . ~„,_ ~.. ~.._,...r...,, „Tr-7e ....,,,_ -_„,,,,,.. , ,

A,‘

===== 0002601_19040116_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVER.TISEMENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD

ARTICLES LOST ARTICLES FOUND

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS MISCELLANEOUS SALES

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

===== 0002601_19040116_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

!JANUARY 16th 1904.

THE issue raised by THE DUKE AND the 2orrespondence MR. CHAMBERLAIN between the Duke of

DEVONSHIRE andiVlr. CHAMBERLAIN iS simple enough. Which of these eminent persons do the Liberal Unionists desire to follow ? The DUKE affirms with perfect justice that the Fiscal question! overshadows Home Rule, and that it is impossible for the Liberal Unionist Association to serve its original purpose while it is fundamentally divided on the new policy in- itiated by Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. In these' circum- stances the DUKE proposes to dissolve the Associa- tion quietly; but Mr. t.:HAMBERLAIN, confident that he has a majority of the members with him, is eager for a fight. He will summon a meeting of Liberal Unionists to decide between him and the DUKE on the issue of Tariff reform, and, having carried his point, he will reconstitute the Associa- tion as a branch of his League, and a deputy of his Commission. Naturally this does not suit the DUKE at all ; but it is difficult to understand what else he could have expected. The chances are that at the meeting which is to be called against his wishes he will be defeated ; but he will carry with him an Ilimportant minority. What does he intend to do Iwith it ? With. significant emphasis he tells Mr. CHAMBERLAIN that they are now divided by a controversy as important as that which forced them to separate themselves from Mr. GLADSTONE in 1886. Mr. CHAMBRRLAIN has declared for Pro- tection. With this action the Liberal-Unionists who remain faithful to Free Trade can make no compromise. They can scarcely suppose that the best way for them to serve the cause of Free Trade is to set up a separate Association in competition with Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S, instead of.frankly rang- ing themselves with the Opposition. As we have maintained all along, this is the only logical course left open to the DUKE. He cannot with any real advantage to himself or the Free Trade cause plant his following in an isolated position, and say to the country: " We are the only true Liberal- Unionist Association ; the other is made spurious Iby Tariff reform. We do not commit ourselves to common action with the Opposition; and we I should like to support Mr. BALFOUR if we could I feel sure that he is not a notectionist, but only a mild Retaliationist." This breaking-up qf the Unionist party causes much wringing of hands among politicans whu persist in believing that it might have been averted. "If only Mr. BALFOUR and Mr. CHAMBERLAIN had gone about this Fiscal business in a different way," they cry, "all this mis- chief might never have happened !" "The whole movement," .says the " Standard," "has been vitiated by the manner in which it was con- ceived. ' A calm, dispassionate appeal from the Government of the day for a deliberate recon- sideration of our system of taxation would have been received with tespect by all reasonable men." If only Mr. CHAMBERLAIN had been content with Mr. BALFOUR'S calm and dispassionate pamphlet, we should all have settled down to an amicable discussion of the question whether Free Trade should be given up. It would have been found that opinion, on the whole inclined to the preser- vation of the present system; and then Mr. BAL. F.HIR would gracefully withdrawn his pamphlet and everything would have gone on as before. Unfortunately, human nature, especially the human nature of political parties, is not framed for these tranquil exercises. But there is no limit to the power of illusion. The " Times " suggests that, when the Liberal-Unionist Associa- tion is captured by the Tariff reformers, "the catholicity of the party should be indicated by the choice of a president such as Lord LANSDOWNE, who is not committed to unqualified acceptance of any particular set of Fiscal proposals." The notion of Mr. CHAMBERLAIN accepting a president who is not of his way of thinking is amusing; but it yields the palm of mirth to the suggestion ' that Lord LANSDOWNE, as a member of the present Cabinet, should be regarded as a calm and dispassionate arbiter of Fiscal reform. To put it bluntly, the whole of the Cabinet is in Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S pocket; and any member of it who may be chosen to preside over the new off- shoot of the Tariff Reform League will be his devoted nominee.

Our readers will probably notice this week that the "Examiner" is printed on a nem paper of superior quality and bulk. We should be glad if those who sufficiently appreciate the change would send us a postcard to that effect along with any suggestions they may have for the Improvement of the paper generally. The " Examiner " has long been one of the most popular papers in the district, and with the co-operation of our readers we hope to increase that:popularity and add to the paper's attractiveness.

Since the decision of the Town Council last week that Warrington Bridge shall be widened by cantilevers, there has been an immense amount c:f discussion regarding the wisdom of the step—so much indeed that one has been unable to avoid thinking how much better it would have been if the same people had only expressed thAir views freely before the matter had been decided. It

I seems to be a phase of human nature that when ' people are asked to seriously consider some important question affeccing the welfare of the community they neglect to do so until it is too late for their suggestions to be of any value. Since Tuesday of last week the Latch- ford and Wilderspool tramc.rs have accommo- dated innumerable impromptu debates on the future of Warrington Bridge. Now that the Council has decided upon one of the schemes before it, the armchair—or tramcar—critics have been much in evidence. One has not much patience with them. The Bridge question is no new one, Ind the Council has not acted so hastily that the man in the street has had no opportunity of expressing his opinion at the proper time if he desired tt, do so. There is, perhaps, nothing to be lost by a discussion even now,;but it would have been far more valuable had it taken plaze prior ta the decision of the Council.

We have heard a good many of the objections to the scheme which stands adopted, but we are not greatly impressed with their logic or reason- ableness. The main idea of the critics seems to be that the widening can only be a temporary improvement, and for that reason we aie throwing three or four thousand pounds into the river. To this contention we are much inclined to say: Rubbish! Let us admit that the improvement will only be temporary, and that a new bridge will have to be built some day. These are not unanswerable objections.

Perhaps it will be agreed that onr rates at present are so high that an expenditure of 17,000 to £20,000 is not to be lightly sanctioned. In fact we are fairly sure that a plebiscite of the ratepayers would result in such an outlay of public funds being strongly discountenanced on any grounds but those of the direst necessity, and wa have heard no arguwent to prove that such a condition of things ob- tains. We have gone on so long with the Bridge in its present condition chat we could probably manage some time yet, but the urgency of taking measures to remedy the nuisance has recently been emphasized. Temporary relief at this point is a requirement that exactly fills the Bill. A new bridge could not yet awhile bethought of. The presence nf the railway bridge and level crossings at once disposes of the larger scheme, and until there is a reasonable prospect of. the Railway Company moving to some purpose it is no good Warrington crying for a new bridge. Meanwhile it behoves the town to do something, and that something taking the form of widening the bridge by canti- levers we think it will answer the purpose admir.:. ably. Even if the improvement only availed for five years it would not be wasted or the money thrown into the river, and we know of no reason to suppose that it would not answer the requirements of the traffic for a considerably longer period. When the oppor- tunity arises a huge improvement can be affected in the neighbourhood of Bridge Foot, but it is not the policy of an enterprising corporation to stand idly by or plunge recklessly into expendi- ture the limit of which cannot be foreseen. The cantilever scheme is, in our view, the only possible middle course and we are unfeignedly glad that it has been taken.

Warrington's response to the cry from Mace- donia has so far been very disappointing, and we would commend to the earnest consideration of our readers the Rev. John Yon ge's appeal for sub- scriptions to the relief fund which appears in our correspondence columns. The tale of the brutal tyranny and oppression—culminating in heart- less massacres—which the inhabitants of this ill-fated land have been forced to endure at the hands of the terrible Turk, has often been narrated in Warrington. Surely it cannot be • that it has fallen upon deaf ears? The need for relief is as urgent as ever, and it does not redound to the credit of our town that only £7O has been raised. A more serious effort is called for and We hope that Warrington people will once more rise to the occasion and show that they are willing to aid the cause of suffering humanity even in a far-away region like Macedonia. A special article on Macedonia will be found on our second page.

Many are looking forward for a revival of trade in Warrington. At present the state of trade is far from satisfactory and much distress prevails. It has not become necessary to open soup kitchens and in some respects Warrington has been more fortunate than many Lancashire towns where the shortage in the cotton supply has caused acute dis- tress. Nevertheless the condition of things in Warrington is far from .satisfactory and the re- port on pauperism and distress which Mr. Sutton, the Clerk of the Warrington Board of Guardians has prepared, is dismal reading. Compared with the preceding year,there are over9o more inmates in the Workhouse, and the sums distributed in out-reli eihave gone up by over per week. Mr. Sutton considers the state ofthings to-day to be much worse than it was twelve months ago and sees no immediate prospecu of any material im- provement of the adverse conditions. We hope he will soon have occasion to take a more rosy view of things.

Few ratepayers in Warringtnn are aware of the excellent work which is being done by the War- rington Board of Guardians in the Clttage Homes at Padgate. If the Warrington Union was not the pioneer, it was at least amongst the first unions of the country to recognise the advantages of training pauper children in cottage homes, and equipping them for the battle of life, away from their old haunts and evil influences. The homes have been in existence for a number of years, and some idea can now be gained of the results obtained. It is satisfactory to learn that on the whole they justify the action taken by the Guardians. Many of the boys and girls who have passed through the homes are now doing well in following occupations for which they were pre- pared under the guidance of the Guardians. A few have lapsed into their former conditions, which is perhaps not surprising when one considers the strong hereditary tendencies to follow the evil steps of their parents. It is a com- pliment to the foresight of the Guardians of a generation ago that Unions in different parts of the country, after trying other methods, are now resorting to the school system which has proved so successful atPadgate.

The third test match, which commenced at Adelaide yesterday, must be considered on both sides of the world the most important of th? series. Haying already won two of these contests, the i mother country s in the happy position of know- ing that she has only to emerge triumphant from the present encounter in order to regain possession of the coveted ashes. On the other hand the Aus- tralians are fighting with their lives in their hands. They must win this match to have any chance at all of securing the honours. At the present moment they appear to have an excellent prospect, for with a score of 355 runs for 6 wi:-..keta they neld a position which will withstand a severe assault. Still there is no reason yet to fear for the English representatives. They may nave a score of four or five hundred to Lice, but we all know they are capable of doing so with a light- hearted confidence begotten of success continued right through the tour. It should be recalled just now that Australia won the toss at Sydney and had ultimately to take second place. IVlemories of the encounter make us all rejoice that Forster is back in the team. With Trumper contributing his usual century on the home side,it behoves that equally brilliant batsman from " Forstershire "to go and do likewise. Should the wicket keep good a great struggle for my is assured, and we are not prepared to sauclpmriecyeetthat there are even slight odds against the representatives of the Motherland.

--- Free Traders may legitimately regard the Mid- Devon election.result as one of the most striking proofs of the unpopularity of Mr. Chamberlain's tariff proposals. The fact that while the Liberal poll has increased by •'S•10 the Conservative poll has actually fallen off supplies solid testimony to the presence of a disturbing factor among the electorate. Were there any doubt as to the cause of this vast improvement in the position of

===== 0002601_19040116_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
the Liberal party in the Ashburton Division it would be removed by the frank admission of the defeated candidate, Sir Richard Harrison, that the activity of the Tariff Reform League in the con- stituency had the effect of reducing the Conser- vative vote. He admitted further that the fear of taxed food is a pa werful factor among the rural electors. S 3 long as the agricul- tural labourer maintains this attitude of stub- born hostility to the • food-tax proposals Mr. -Chamberlain's scheme cannot make much head— way.

When wheat was fetcling ".565. Bd. per quarter in the English market—that is to say, in the good old days of high Protection, from 1832 to 1841— Mr. Robert Bowman, farmer and vice-chairman of the Board of Guardians, Caine, Wiltshire, wrote: "In the great majority of cases the labourer has only the man's wage (83. to 93. a-week) to live on. •On that a man and his wife and family of four,five, or six children must live though it is a mystery to me how they do live." Mrs. Wiltshire, wife of a farm labourer at Cherhill, said: "Our common drinir is burnt-crust tea. We also buy about half a pound of sugar a week. We never know what it is to get enough to eat. At the end of the meal the children could always eat more. Of bread there is never enough; the children are always asking for more at every meal. I then say,' You don't want your father to go to prison, do you ? " Those who tell us that the distress in the rural districts in the Corn Law period bad no relation to the food taxes will find these testimonials hard nuts to crack.

:2/6 PER IMPERIAL QUART (BoTrLze INCLUDED.) SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY

ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 118, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS, wiNs MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

===== 0002601_19040116_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. At St. Paul's Church to-morrow (Sunday) special „sermons will be preached and collections made on 'behalf-of "Church of England waifs and strays." The Rev. Hawley Sharpe (organizing secretary) will preach. An open meeting of the Warrington R.S.A. Society will be held to-morrow (Sunday). Mr. E. Wynne Jones will preside and the speaker will be the Rev. John Yonge. - "Sins forgiven yet never forgiven" will be the :subject of the Rev. R. Wilkins Rees' sermon at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church to-morrow (Sunday) evening.

On 'Tuesday evening next: dressmaking classes, arranged by Miss E. Woods, will commence in Cairo-street Schools. _

Every evening from Monday to Thursday next popular entertainments will be given in the Druids' Hall, Sankey-street, by Professor Timsbn, phrenolo- gist, &c. The programme is a most attractive one, particulars being published in our advertising columns. Nurse Co m will deliver lectures to ladies every afternoon. At the Museum Lecture 1103131 on Monday evening Mr. John Bowland will deliver a lecture on Etching -and Engraving," with special reference to the collec- tion of the works of British engravers lent by the Board of Education and which is now on view in the .Art Gallery. e annual congrerrationaltea meeting i.u.lconhection with Wycliffe Church will be held in Wycliffe Hall on Thursday evening. After tea a public welcome will .be given to the Rev. Harry Wall, the newly appointed assistant minister. The speakers will include the Rev. J. S. Langley, of Kirkham, Mr. Wall's former pastor. The second annual dinner in connection with the Boteler Grammar School Old Boys' Union will be held .at the Lion Hotel on Thursday evening, January 28th. Mr. Edward- R. Pickmere, M.A.., Town Clerk of Liverpool, will preside Personal.

The workers of the Warrington Ragged School and Mission have decided to present Mr. James Skelland, the founder and superintendent, with all illuminated address.

Warrington P.S.A. Society. Mr. W. ( '[egg presided at a meeting of this society on Sunday. The. society had been founded •eleven years that day, he said, and its career had been one of continued progress. When the meetings were held in the Y.If.C.A. rooms the average attendance was about 10Q. The attendance had now risen to 200 and the prospects for the future were very bright. Mr. E. Wynne Jones, the presi- dent, delivered the address on the society's motto for -the year "For, me to live is Christ (Phil. 1c 21v.) Mr. W. Woods rendered two solos very effectively. Mr. Baker and Mr. Browne also took part in the .service.

Exhibition at the Parr Hall. As will be seen from our advertising columns, an industrial exhibition will be opened in the Parr Hall an Tuesday afternoon next, and will contimie until Friday, the 29th inst. Admission to the hall is free, the object of the exhibition beip.g to bring prominently before all classes important food preparations and methods of cooking them, domestic, sanitary, labour- saving, and scientific appliances, and to provide wholesome entertainment. Various welllinown firms are sending exhibits, and the attractions each day will include promenade concerts by a ladies' orchestra, cinematograph entertainments and cookery lectures. The Black Dike Brass Band. On Sunday two sacred concerts were given in the Parr Hall under the auspices of the Warrington League ot the Cross Band. The performances of the Black Dike Band under the conductorship of Mr. J. Gladney were made the feature of the programme and it is due to say that in brilliantly rendering some splendid selections from the standard composers they fully sustained their high reputation and locally gave infinite pleasure to audiences fairly numerous in some parts of the hall. Messrs. Peter and J. M. Bate gave . pleasant variety to the concert in the singing of some songs and duets. The songs by Master J. Mather were also worthy of special mention in so far as they betokened unusual musical ability in one so young. The pianoforte accompaniments were tastefully played by Mr. J. McA.voy. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS TINERAL

WATERS.—Advt. St. John's Literary and Social Society. At the weekly meeting of this Society, held in St. John's schoolroom on Tuesday evening, the Secretary introduced the annual manuscript magazine. The magazine was composed of the following articles, all contributed by inembers of the Society, viz. ;-1, ." Literature" ; 2, " Dreams " ; 3, " Series of prophetic events for each month 'of the year " ; 4, Sunday labour, or one day's rest in seven" ; 5, " The Model- Church " ; 6, "The present condition of. Ireland ";7, " Drunkenness—its prevention."—The President and Vice-President read the contributions, all of which were highly interesting, and showed, on the whole, considerable literary merit. Some of the -subjects were keenly discussed by the Members pre- sent, the meeting having to be unduly prolonged. Warrington Chamber of Commerce. At a meeting of the Council held on Monday last the President (Mr. J. Charlton Parr) in the chair, it was unanimously resolved "That the Corporation be respectfully requested to reconsider the proposal to widen 'Warrington Bridge by cantilever footways, with a view to substituting a new bridge which shall be adequate for the accommodation of any probable future developments in both road and river traffic." •Glonsiderable discussion took place with reference to, -the Warrington Dock, and a resolution was proposed and strongly urged requeAting the Rivers Committee to endeavour to obtain a clause in the Ship Canal Bill -shortly to be introduced to Parliament extending the time for its construction; but the prevailing opinion 'appeared to be that, in face of the fact that practically nothing had been done to foster a local traffic during the last ten years it would be useless to apply for a further extension. The Secretary reported that negotiations were in•progress with the leading steam- ship lines to Manchester with a view to getting them .to stop at the Warringt6n lay-by, and that several of -them had expressed their willingness to do so if a reasonable tonnage could be guaranteed. He suggested that the Chamber might act as intermediaries in the matter, and seek to gradually build up a local traffic. A resolution was also unanimously adopted in support nf the scheme for growing cotton within the British Empire.

The Nursing Association. The Hon. Treasurer of the above begs to acknow- ledge the receipt of 312 135., money collected for the Association by Mr. Samuel Wakefield, of the Midland

Ildtel, Warrington. FIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR- LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, 13ridge-street, Warr; ng ion.—Advt. Fire in Turner-street. s At 4.30 on Wednesday afternoon the Fire Brigade received information by telephone from Messrs. Radd's Wire Works that a fire had broken out at the residence of Mr. Joseph Taylor, 70, Turner-street. A number of men turned out under the direction of Superintendent Turner, but on arrival at the house found that the flames had been extinguished. It appears that owing to the illness of a child, a bed had been brought downstairs and placed near the fire. The bedding became ignited and was destroyed, but it was fortunate that the child was not in the bed at the tinie. A number of valuable birds were lost. A Sad Case. The Warrington police have received information of a sad case of attempted suicide.. Edward Heesom (55), a widower, residing with his son:in-law, John Pemberton, 11, Sharp-street, went out at 8.30 On Thursday morning for the purpose of seeking work. At noon he was brought home suffering from a stroke on the right side, and Dr. Curtis attended him. Mrs. Pemberton was going upstairs at 7.15 in the evening and heard an unusual noise in her father's bedroom. Accompanied by her husband she entered the room and found Heesom had cut his throat. He was taken to the Infirmary, and detained as an in-patient. He is progressing satisfactorily.

BEST BOOTS FOR. ALL.—UNDER the CLOCK.—Advt.

Institute of Journalists.

The annual meeting of the Warrington sub-district of the Institute of Journalists was held at the George Hotel on Saturday evening, Mr. E. V. Walker (retiring chairman) presiding at the outset.—On the proposi- tion of Mr. H. Isherwood, seconded by Mr. E. V. Walker, Mr. J. Hawthorn was elected chairman for the ensuing year. Mr. E. V. Walker was appointed vice-chairman and Mr. A. H. Walker was re-elected secretary.--Matters affecting the status of the pro- fession were discussed, and it was suggested that steps should be taken to establish a more general recognition of press privileges at various functions. Gratification was expressed at the increase of membership during the year, due to the decision of journalists in Runcorn and Widnes to join the sub-district.

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades.—.T. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Sankey Wire Mills Cricket Club. The annual general meeting of the Sankey Wire Mills Cricket Club was held on Monday evening last at "The Poplars," Lovely-lane. Mr. F. Taylor pre- sided over the meeting, there being a good attendance of members. The Secretary and Treasurer's report was passed as read, and the club is now in a flourish- ingcondition. Votes of thanks were given to all who assisted the club last year and the president, Mr. E. Houghton, and all the Vice-Presidents were again unanimously re-elected. The following are the officials for the coming season :-Ist Eleven Captain, Mr. F. Taylor; Ist Eleven Sub-captain, Mr. H. L. Clarke; 2nd Eleven Captain, Mr. P. 0. Bailey; 2nd Sub- captain, Mr. H. Hewitt; committee, Messrs. R. Wood- cock, H. L. Clarke, V. Turton, J. Hawthorn, J. Monks, R. Hewitt, N. Cook, jun. ; treasurer, Mr. James Evans, jun. ; auditor, Mr. V. Turton ; secre- taries, Messrs. W. Backhouse, 45, Lancaster-street, Robert D. Cook, 7, Lexden-street. A. splendid list of fixtures has been arranged and a good seasenis antic- ipated. Refreshments were served to the members and a vote of thanks to Mr. N. Cook was given for providing them.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.. .

===== 0002601_19040116_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Manchester and Liverpool District Banking

Co., Ltd. An ordinary meeting of the shareholders of this company will, be held at the head office, Spring Gardens, Manchester, at noon on Wednesday next. In their report the directors state that the gross profit for the half-year ending 31st December last, after providing for all bad and doubtful debts, is £225,784 Ss. id., to which has to be added the amount brought forward from 30th June last, viz.: £32,961 12s. 5d., making a total of £258,746 Os. 6d. From this sum the following deductions have to be made :—Total expenses at the head affice, London office, and branches, fncluding salaries, stationery, taxes, &c., £78,674 12s. 5d.; half-year's provision for income tax, £1,780 11s. 2d.; leaving a net profit :of £175,290 16s. 11d. The Directors recommend the declaration of a dividend of 21s. per share which will take £134,260, leaving a balance of £41,040 16s. 11d. The directors recommend the declaration of a divi- dend of 21s: per share, which will take £131,250; leaving a balance of £44,040 16s. 11d. Of this it is proposed to carry to the reserve fund £lO,OOO, and to next account £34,040 16s. 11d. The reserve fund, with the above addition, will then amount to £1,785,000. The directors have, from the bank's inner reserves, written down the Consols from £9O to £B5 and the other investments of the bank to present market prices. The directors whose term of office expires on the 20th inst., are Messrs. William Tipping and George Gordon Warren. They are eligible and are recommended for re-election. UNDER the CLOCK or GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. Fairfield Debating Society. An open meeti a of the Fairfield Literary and Debating Society was held at the Fairfield schools on Monday evening. There was a very god attendance of members and non-members who were attracted no doubt by the fact that the President of the Society (the Rev. A. S. Cameron) was to give a paper on the Macedonian question. The meeting was presided over by Mr. B. Hall, who at the commencement expressed the pleasure at being asked to take the chair at such a meeting. He then called upon Mr. Cameron to intro- duce his subject for discussion that evening. Mr. Cameron, who was well received, occupied some twenty minutes in describing the present position of affairs in Macedonia. He pictured vividly the nature of the atrocities that have been and are being com- mitted, and showed that the Turkish officials in many ways cruelly oppress and:wrong the Macedonian Chris- tians. Mr. Cameron contended that the Macedon ans would never secure justice and fair treatment until the Turkish Government wtre forced by a stronger power than themselves to change their methods and actions. It is the duty, he further stated of the Christian nations to combine and make themselves the stronger powers, and no doubt; when the Turks see that active steps are being taken, then they will give the Mace- dcnians a proper form of government. Mr. Cameron finally moved the following resolution, viz :--" That unless the Turks are coerced the right government in , Macedonia cannot be secured!' The opposition was' undertaken by one of the members of the Society who ' attempted to show that the Macedonians worked viol- ence amongst themselves for the purpose of provoking the Turks to take action, knowing that if the Turks were compelled to send in lame bodies of troops excesses would assuredly be committed which would justly excite general horror. In this way, he stated, the Macedonians were play- ing upon the sympathies of the world. He also quoted cases in which the Macedonians had been offered certain reforms, which if accepted, might have spared the world the horrors they have since witnessed, but instead of considering them and frankly accepting the same the Macedonians appeared to do their utmost to drive the Turks into taking military action and so deferring any reforms.ln conclusion the reader of the 'opposition paper moved an amendment to Mr. Cameron's resolution to the effect - " That the present is not an opportune time for intervention in Turkey by any or all the Powers." A very interesting discussion followed in which most of the members present took part. After the leaders of the debate had replied the Chairman (Mr. Hall) summed and com- mented on both sides of the question. Finally he put the amendment • and resolution to the meeting when it was seen that eleven members voted for Mr. Cameron's paper and seven for the amendment. A hearty vote of thanks to the Chairman for presiding brought t very enjoyable debate to a close.

CRAWFORD'S

SCOTCH SHORTBIE N.D The "Crawford" Quality.

HIGHLAND. Thick Cakes. LOTHIAN. Thin*Sections, sugared on top. AYRSHIRE. Thin oblong Cakes, sugared on top. Sold by Grocers and Bakers everywhere.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 16, 1904

Parr's Bank Limited. . The directors, after appropriating £50,000 to write down donsols, have decided to recommend a dividend' of 19 peo cent. per annum and a bonus of 1 per cent. for the half-year just ended, transferring £5,000 to officer's pension fund, and carrying forward £65,561. The 39th annual general meeting of the company will be held at the Cannon-street Hotel, London, E.C., on Thursday, January 28th. Poor Children's Christmas Treat. The above Committee met on Friday afternoon, Mrs. Forshaw presiding in the absence of the Mayoress. It was resolved that the treat be held in the Drill Hall, by 'kind permission of Colonel Edelsten, on Friday, January 29th, for girls. and Saturday, January 30th for boys. Intending sub- scribers are requested to send in their donations, which will be acknowledged by advertisement through the papers, on Saturday, January 23rd. Tickets will be distributed through the schools only. Prospectus. From an abridged prospectus in another column it will be seen that the Newcastle and Gateshead Water Company are issuing by: tender £lOO,OOO ordinary stock. The minimum price-is £l4O per Cent. and the maximum dividend obtainable is 7 per cent. per annum. The amount now to be raised is required to meet the expenditure on a new reservoir on the river Rede, and other works are in progress. The average divi- dend for the ten years 1891 to 1903 on the 7 per cent, stock has been at the rate of £5 13s. 4d. per cent, per annum. Tenders must be delivered not later than 3 o'clock on Wednesday next.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

"FIGHTING AND „ARGUING."

At Widnes on Thursday, Mary Ann Walsh, 61, Mid- wood street, summoned her husband Michael Walsh, for persistent cruelty, and applied for a maintenance order. Mrs. Walsh stated that on New Year's Day he pulled her hair out in handfuls, and had abused her for the whole of her married life.—" in fact, he had been fight- ing and arguing for twenty seven years." The case was adjourned for a week to enable Mrs. Walsh to bring witnesses.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
TRANSFER SESSIONS AT WIDNES.

A special court of the Widnes magistrates, Alderman S. Quinn (in the chair), Messrs. Neil, Wareing, Deacon, Brown, and Smith, was held to consider the question of licences.—Mr. G. W. Knowles applied, on behalf of Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, and Co., for the transfer of the following licences, which were granted :—Albion Hotel, Waterloo-road. from Alfred Charlesworth to Thomas Alfred Mareley ; Derby Arms, Widnes-road, from Thomas Robinson (deceased) to his son' Thomas; Wellington Hotel, Ditton, from Joseph Davies to James Henry Dutton ;. and the Ship Inn, Victoria-st., from William Jones to Thomas Thornton. The bench went into a series of alterations to twenty-three houses in the town and neighbourhood which were granted.— The whole of the alterations were sanctioned with the exception of the Horse and Jockey, Buckley-road, Widnes, which must be held over until the next licenging sessions.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

SCALDED TO DEATH WITH TEA.

Winifred Lea, aged two years, died in the St. Helens Hospital on Wednesday, as a result of being scalded with hot tea. It appears that the child ran to meet her father coming in from work on Wednesday morning, when a pan of tea, which had been made ready for him, was accidentally upset on to her, with the above sad result.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE INSPECTOR'S 'RESIGNA.T lON.

Inspector William Steele, the senior inspector of the St. Helens. borough force, on Wednesday handed his resignation to the Watch Committee, and was granted a pension after completing twenty-five years service. Mr. Steele has been inspector at St. Helens for upwards of sixteen years. He was previously in the Lancashire County Constabulary, where he spent most of his time in the office as clerk. At St. Helens he has had charge of most of the important cases and the preparation of statistics for the licensing justices. SEQUEL TO A COLLIERY FATALITY. Edward Balmer, collier, of Elephant-lane, was charged at St. Helens on Monday, by the Sutton Heath and Lee Green Colliery Company for a breach of rules. Mr. Pearce, who prosecuted, said that Balmer had a young man named Ashton working with him at the colliery last week, and he allowed him to do certain work which he was not qualified for, with the result that he (Ashton) was killed. The coroner's jury had censured Balmer.— Mr. Tickle, for the defence, said that Balmer had been a. collier for over twenty-four years without a complaint. —The magistrate fined him £1 and £2 is. costs. REMARKABLE INQUEST.—JURORS AND THE SUICIDAL _MIND.

"There is evidence in the first letter that he knew perfectly well what he was doing," was the reason urged by one of the jurymen who was in favour of returning a verdict of "Febo de se" at the inquest held at Denton's Green on Tuesday, on the body of John Nicoll, aged fifty, a storekeeper at Messrs. Pilkington's platet.glass works. Nicoll had beenaddicted to drink. On Saturday morning his young daughter found him unconscious in bed with a bottle of carbolic acid on the table, under which was a note which read, "Can't stand it any longer. Am going mid. What trouble! It is something fear- ful! —The Coroner said deceased had left two letters which he would not allow the Press to publish. —Police-constable Ho.vells said deceased smelled very strongly of carbolic.—The jury discussed the matter in private, and afterwards the foreman announced that he had taken a show of hands and there were seven•for a verdict of suicide while insane, and five for a verdict of sound mind.—The Coroner said the jury must agree. The five jurors must know that they were in favour of a verdict of felo de se. There was no doubt that a suicide knew what he was doing, but his mind might still be wrong. If the jury could not agree they could leave the question open. The jury thereupon returned a verdict of" Suicide," but that they were not satiqfied with the evidence as to the state of the man's mind.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

DEARTH OP MAGISTRATES.

Only one magistrate (Mr. John Unsworth) put in an appearance at Newton Petty Sessions on Thursday, and in consequence a number of eases had to be adjourned ntil to-day (Saturday). SMALLPDX CASE AT EARLESTOWN.

Dr. Watkins, medical officer of health for Nowton-in- Makerfield, reported yesterday morning a serious case of smallpox at Earlestown, the victim being a young married woman residing in Vitriol-square. The case has not yet been traced, but arrangements have been made for the woman's immediate removal to the Fazackerley Infectious Hospital at Liverpool. ALLEGED FOWL STEALING AT E A RT., ESTOWN.

At Newton Occasional Court on Monday, James Melia who for the past two months has lived in Manchester- row, Vulcan, Earlestown was charged with the theft of two fowls from the cote of Mary Peak, Vulcan-brow. From a statement made by Inspector Foster it appeared that a coachman named Litherland was working in his stable when his dog commenced to bark. On going to see the cause he found prisoner coming out •of Mr. Peak's hencote, and the two fowls produced were on the ground dead. Litherland secured the man and sent for P.C. Hughes. Whitewash .was found upon his jacket, which was caused with accused rubbing against an. iron bar which had been newly whitewashed. On prisoner being charged he denied the theft, but he now admitted his guilt.—lnspector Foster asked that accused should be remanded, in order that inquiries could be made into his antecedents. Prisoner was accordingly remanded until Thursday. Owing to a ::learth of magistrates at Newton Petty Sessions on rhursday the hearing was further adjourned until to day (Saturday). THREE MONTHS FOR " PREVENTING WITII INTENT". At Newton Occasional Court, on Monday, two St. Helens young men named John Wayman and John Fox, were charged with loitering with intent to commit a felony in Crow-lane, Newton, on the 6th inst.— Prisoners pleaded guilty.—P.C. Mellor stated that a complaint was made to him that two suspicious men were in Crow-lane. He hid in a hedge and saw the prisoners acting in a very suspicious manner outside gentlemen's houses. He arrested them after a chase, and they at once admitted that they intended to commit a burglary.—lnspector Foster informed the Court that Wayman was an associate of thieves and had been locked up at Newton once before, along with other men on a charge of loitering at Haydock. Wayman, however, was discharged to give evidence against the, other men. Since he had been locked up on that occasion they had ascertained that both he amd Fox were wanted at Leigh fora burglary at Leigh on the sth inst. It was proved against Fox diat he had been sent to prison for six weeks for theft at Ormskirk.—The Chairman (Mr. R. Stone) said there was no doubt that prisoners were pair of thieves prowling about the country. Thea would each be sentenced to three months,hard labour.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS.

WARRINGTON DRAUGHTS LEAGUE.

Two matches in the Leagu9 Competition were played during the past week, at the rooms of the first-named clubs. Scores as follows :

RICHMOND'S. CROSPIELD'S. Wins" Draws. Wins.

2 W. Rigby 1 3. Grimes 1 H. Gardner 1 M. Gorman

0 P. Hankinson 2 W. Loftus 0 W. E Clegg 0 2 F. Kenny 2 W. O'Brien 0 W. Bennett 1 P. Santley 1 A. Williams 0

ii 0 - 3 WARRINGTON. MONKS HALL ec CO. Wins. I)raws. Wins. 2 F. Dunne 1 F. Warburton 0 W. Talbot 1 J. Dixon 1 G.Clare 2 J. Nattrass 2 E. P. Dunne 1 H. Dunne 0 *Absentee

9 1 3 *Two games forfeited by rule. On Thursday evening net, the 21st inst, Mr. F. Dunne ivill meet the members of Monks Hall and Co's club in simultaneous play. The club room at the "Sloop "Inn, has been engaged for this occasion,and a good muster of the" talent ' is anticipated. PAD GATE CHURCH INSTITUTE V. FLETCHER RUSSELL AND CO.—A friendly match between these clubs was played at the Padgate Church Institute on Thursday evening, and resulted in favour of the home team, after a very close contest. Score as follows : PAD G ATE. FLETCHER'S. ' Wins. Draws. i Wins. 2 J.lRoberts 0 J. Hamblett 0 2 M. Barlow 0 J. Connolley 0 1 C. Roberts 0 T. Norbury 0 J. Weston 0 J. Trigger 1 P. Croft 0 G. Allan 1 • 0 J. Davis 1 W. Miller 1 J. Pomfrey 1 G. Holcraft 2 P. Smith 2 J. Smith

===== 0002601_19040116_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Councillor Maginn and his Workpeople.

There was a pleasant gathering in one of the commodious and well-lighted rooms at the Alliance Box Works, Orford-lane, on Thursday evening when, to celebrate the completion of the extension of the works, Councillor Magnin entertained his workpeople and their friends. About eighty guests sat : down to an excellent supper prepared by Mr. Collins, of the Spread Eagle Hotel, Lyntn. Councillor Maginn pre- sided. The meal over, the remainder of the evening was spent in a convivial manner, songs being ren- dered by Messrs. Taylor, Gleave, Sheppard, Rabbit, Lloyd, Newns, and Burns.--A hearty vote of thanks was acsorded to Mr. Maginn, on the proposition of Mr. S. Wright, J.P. Fire Precautions. The Fire Engine Committee of the Corporation are considering the ,advisability of providing hand fire-extinguishers in various public build- ings in the town, and yesterday afternoon an interesting demonstration took \ place on the Fair Ground, Queen-street, with the object of proving the utility, of appliances manufactured by the Minimax Syndicate Limited. The Mayor (Alderman Bolton), the' chairman (Alderman Smethurst), and several members of the committee, Superintendent Turner and members of the Fire Brigade, and Corporation officials were in attendance. Large boxeS" were ignited and in most cases the hand fire-extinguishers were sufficient to put out the flames in a remarkably short time. •

The Liberal Club. What promises to be a very successful " euchre " competition has just been commenced at this club. Thirty two entries have been received and on Thurs- day evening the opening contest took place. An excellent game resulted in a victory by Messrs. D. Francomb and R. Woods over Messrs. J. A. Chappel. and W. H. Baker by a single, point. The competition will be concluded on or before Saturday, 23rd. The billiard handicap is draw ing to a close and on Tuesday. Mr. J. Sankey defeated Mr. W. Ford by five. One of the billiard tables has recently been altered to the latest style and fitted with low, frost-proof cushions. A welcome addition has been made to the club library in the shape- of Mr. John Morley's " Life of Gladstone" which has been presented by a member of the sub- scription room. Local Oddfellowship.

The annual meeting of the "Prince of Wales" lodge of the Independent Order of Oddfellows (Man- chester Unity) was held at the Pelican Hotel on Thursday evening under the presidency of N.G. Whitham who was supported by P.G. Holford and P.G. Bradshaw. The Secretary (P.G. T. Wadsworth) presented the balance sheet which showed that the capital worth of the lodge, was ,2,700. There had been an increase in: capital during the year of :£lBO. The sick pay distributed had totalled over £250 and the average age of the lodge was 31 years. Brothers T. V. Bradshaw and G-. F. Freeman were elected auditors. A jewel was voted to P.G. Bradshaw for his services as Noble Grand and the duties performed by him in connection with the Coronation festivities, the recent bowling competition and the lodge dinners. P.G. Gartland was re-appointed sick visitor. Votes of thanks to the chairman and secretary concluded a notable meetin Unique Record of Service.

An interesting event took place in the office at Cockhedge Mills yesterday morning. Messrs. Armitage and RigbyLimited had noted the completion ofso years service, from the time of commencing apprenticeship of Mr. Henry Kirk the spinning mill engineer, and gave him a surprise by handing him a splendid watch and chain, in a handsome case, supplied by Russells of Liverpool. Mr. S. It. Armitage J. P. (with whom were Mr. Godfrey Armitage and the managers Messrs C. H. Hibbert and J. Ainsworth) wished him good health for many years to. come and trusted he would long be spared to wear it, and that the watch would be as good a-time keeper as he (Mr. Kirk) had been. Mr. Kirk expressed his thankfulness for their kind- ness and thoughtfulness. The watch was suitably inscribed and bore tegtimony to the firm's appreciation of his labours. It is interesting to note that . Mr. Kirk was working for the lirm 3 years before his apprenticeship began in January 1854, he having commenced working in 1831. He. is still as active as ever and seems likely to follow his employment for • several years to come.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.

Annual Tea Meeting.

A very pleasant and successful function was the annual congregational tea meeting in connection with Padgate Wesleyan Sunday school which took place in the schoolroom on Thursday evening. About 160 mem- bers of the congregation and friends partook of a capital tea, the lady workers, as usual, presiding at the tables. At the subsequent entertainment the Rev: R. Wilkins Rees occupied the chair. Councillor W. Brough had arranged an attractive programme and the various items met with cordial appreciation. The opening item was the duet "Anchored', by Mrs. H. Cottrell and Mr. Pearce. Songs were effectively rendered by Mrs. Cottrell. Miss Sumner, Mr. E. H. Pearce and Mr. Levi Richardson, and there were pleasing duets by Miss Lena Duckwarth and Miss E. Hutchin, and Mrs. Cottrell and Mr. Richardson. Sergeant Maior Cowen played two flute solos in creditable style. Miss C. J. Bennett was an efficient accompanist. During the evening the annual report on the work of the Sunday school was presented by the Secretary (Mr. John Jackson). The following is a summary :—We have had 219 scholars uppn our registers (87 boys and 132 girls), which is an increase of 14 upon the previous year. The average attendance throughout the year has been 74 in the morning and 131 in the afternoon, against 72 in the morning and 127 in the afternoon; last year. Ninety-four scholars had gained prizes for their punctual and regular attendance throughout the year. We are fortunate in having an excellent staff of teachers, who have been most devoted and regular in their attendance, the average being 9 in the morning and 13 in the after- noon. The Savings Club in connection with the school which is under the management of Leonard Bennett and Mr. H. B. Nicholson, has again been very successful. The amount paid in has been £l5B 12s. 6d., which is an increase on the previous year of £2O. The Treasurer commenced the past year with a debt of 4s. 31d. The receipts during the past year have amounted to £27 6s. 511, and the expenditure had come to £24 19s. 10d., which leaves a debit balance of £2 2s. 4d.—The officers appointed for the present year are as follows :—Superintendelits , Mr. H. Ward and Mr. F. Wright; treasurer. Mr. James Gandy; auditor, Mr. Percy H. Bennett*; secretaries, Mr. G. H. White and Mr. John Jackson; savings club treasurers Mr. Leonard Bennett; librarian, Mr. H. B. Nicholson. T am pleased to state that we have 4re-formed the Young Men's Select Class in connection with our school, and that Mr. Brough has been appointed teacher. A junior branch: of the Wesley Guild has been formed during the year, and already a large number of scholars have beenenrolled, and we hope that there will be many more yet. From the junior branch of the Guild, the members will pass on to the senior, and from that we hope to strengthen our church with young people,which is the way: and only way, to build up a strong church. The Chairman delivered an interesting address on the work of the Sunday school teacher. The proceedings closed with a hearty vote of thanks to the artistes, chairman, and all who had assisted. on the proposition of Mr. William Bennett, seconded by Mr. James Gandy. Last evening the children had their annual tea party and the prizes gained during the year were distributed.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PARISH CHURCH RITUAL.

AN INNOVATION AND A PROTEST.

For many years, Warrington has enjbyed an im- munity from dispute on ritual but on Sunday there was a break in this very desirable state of affairs. It was brought about by an innovation which the Rector made in the ceremonial observed at the Holy Communion at the Parish Church on Sunday morning. It is common knowledge that the Rector's tendencies are towards High Church teaching and practice. Some years ago he introduced an altar cross into the Parish Church and the cross has remained on the altar ledge ever since. There was some slight dis- satisfaction expressed at the time but it gradaully died down and the cross continues to serve its symbolic purpose. The Rector has now gone one step further. For some time, the Parish Church Mission of St. Clement's in Bank-street has had the distinction of being the only Warrington church in the Liver- pool diocese which has had altar lights. The innova- tion was made without • any protest being raised and the Rector has long had a strong desire to make a similar innovation in the parent church. An opportunity presented itself by a gift of some chaste and beautiful candlesticks. the gift was mentioned at a meeting of the Church Council six months ago, but nothing more was heard of it until the 4th inst when the Rector announced- that he had taken upon himself the responsibility of accepting the offer and placing candles on the altar. He requested that tliere should be no discussion, and the matter dropped after a protest by Mr. F. G. Taylor, one of the sides- men and Superintendent of the Sunday school. In view of the Rector's attitude it is interesting to recall the ruling of the Bishop of Liverpool on ritual. In the course of his charge to the clergy of the diocese in November, 1902, be qtioted the well-known Lambeth decisions of 1890, which included the pro- nouncement that the burning of two lighted candles on the Holy Table ill broad daylight during the Holy Communion was not illegal. These decisions his Lordship did not dissent from, but proceeded to discuss methods of dealing with clergy who did nbt abide by them. • In aocordance with the Rector's decision two candle- sticks and candles were'placed on the altar in the chancel and two others on the altar in the Boteler private chapel, which is now used for week-day celebrations. The two candles in the chancel were lighted on Sunday morning at the early celebration of the Holy Com- munion and are intended to be symbolical, we believe, of the special presence of Christ, the Light of the World. It not being the practice to use the large altar lights at the usual services of matins and evensong, the candles were not used after the early service had concluded. Standing on the altar ledge, these silent emblems were innocent of the righteous indignation which their presence had caused to burn in the hearts of some members of the congrega- tion, and this indignation found expression towards the close of the servi,:e. It is customary for the wardens and sidesmen, after handing the collecting plates to the clergy at the altar to kneel while the Benediction is pronounced. Mr. F. G. Taylor refused to do so and his walking away down the aisle caused a momentary pause in the pronouncing of the Benediction. Mr. Taylor has explained his reasons for objecting to the introduction of the candles in a letter to the Rector resigning his positiog of Superintendent of the Sunday school. In the first place he maintains that the Rector should not have placed candles on the ' altar without consulting the congregation beforehand, as they "form in no way an essential point of religion, but are simply an act of ritual:" Secondly. Mr. Taylor thinks the Rector in having done so committed "a dis- tinct breach of faith, as several times from the pulpit he has promised he would not thrust his views upon the congregation." As to the legality of the lights, Mr. Ta_ylor has nothing to say In the afternoon, Mr. Taylor gave further evidence of his disapproval of the step taken by the Rector, by seeking to address the scholars in the Sunday school on the reasons which had led him to resign his position of superintendent. The Rector would not grant permission and after school, Mr. Taylor addressed the boys outside the building. At the evening service he repeated his protest in church. Among the 'congregation there is a divided opinion as to the wisdom of the Rector's action and a protest has been signed by several members of the Church Council, pointing out that the parishioners should have been consulted and that the Church Council ' should not have been treated with ridicule by being told that " the matter had been decided upon." Our reporter paid a visit to the Rectory with the object of ascertaining the views of the Rector on the situation which has arisen. He declined to make any statement at present, but stated that when the proper time and place came, he would be prepared to defend the action he had taken. He is much pained that the controversy has arisen, but admits that those who object to the step he has taken have done so from the kindliest motives. It is his ;wish that no bitter- ness should be introduced.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
TO THE EDITOR.

Slr,—May I ask, through the medium of your columns the opportunity of making known, to such of your readers as are my fellow worshippers, the reason for way action with regard to the recent change of ritual introduced iuto the Parish Church, and thereby putting an end to the many garbled reports which have been cir- culated in the town, and by the outside press. The history of the so called "candle controversy "so faras lam concerned is as follows. On the 6th July last, at the close of a badly attended Church Council Meeting, the Rector announced that an offer had been made to him of a pair of candlesticks, and, undoubtedly he then invited the opinion of the Church Qdicers present upon the subject of their acceptance.' Some expressions of opinion followed, and the matter dropped by the'Rector promising to bring the subject up again. From that date until the receipt of the summons fora Church Council quarterly meeting on the 4th inst., nothing was heard of the matter, although more than one meeting had intervened. At the meet- ing on the 4th inst. the Rector announced that he had decided to take upon himself the responsibility of accepting the offer made to him, and of using the "lights" and requested that no discossion on the sub- ject should follow. T protested, without avail. So much for the Rector's attitude to myself, as one of his Council, which exists for the sole purpose of being consulted upon parish matters. Upon the sth inst., knowing that the "lights" were to be first used upon the 6th inst, I wrote the Rector by way of further protest, resigning my post as Sunday School Superintendent. This letter was delivered before 1 p.m. and very fullyset forth the grounds of Imy action, 'viz., that candles being, in no possible manner, an "essential" in religion, but only ritual, the congre- gation ought first to be consulted, and, secondly, that by carrying out his intention, the Rector was breaking faith with his congregation, after several times promis- ing from his pulpit not to thrust his views upon his people. The candles were introduced, and lighted, on the 6th, and the Rector, in acknowledging my resigna- tion, chose to absolutely ignore the cause of it, and, in the course of subsequent correspondence, in two further letters only once refers to the matter by briefly saying "When the proper time and place come,' will say what- ever I think to he necessary." I shall not publish this correspondence as the Rector objects(though I am quite at liberty to do it, as I warned him in mY first letter that 1 reserved the right to do so), but I shall be happy to let any of the regular worshippers at the Parish Church see it at any time—they bei.,g interested equally with myself.

My private protests having thus been completely ignored, in order to further emphasise my belief that the "time and place " mentioned by the -Rector should have been beforehand (and not afterwards), and that he is not the sole arbiter of what is " necessary " to be said upon a point of ritual, T, on Sunday last, made the further open protest. If the Rector will yet take the course of removing the ornaments, and calling a con- gregational meeting to astertain their wishes, it will probably be the means of ending this unfortunate matter. If not, he must exp3ct in the future, protests similar to mine of last Sunday (which I trust no one present con- sidered irreverent.) from those who have no wish to see the Parish Church, the third Church • in the town to be emptied by the Ritualistic party. In such-an alternative there is no other way of recording their objections. The Church belongs to the worshippers as well as to the parson, and, on points of ritual, the former have every right to be consulted—and I hope that the Rector will yet recognize this. As the Rector has preached since the introduction of his n.w ritual without referring to the subject, I con- clude that he sees the propriety of not now selecting the security of the pulpit as the "place" from which to say "whatever he thinks to be necessary."—Yours FREDERICK GEORGE TAYLOR, 274, Manchester-road, Warrington, I:ith January 1904.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
FARTHINGS DAY BY DAY. •

The farthing fund on behalf of the Stratford-on-Avon Hospital, inaugurated by Miss MarioCorellits action in returning the damages awarded in the recent libel ac- tion against Mr. Fred Winter, continues to increase. On Wednesday Mr. Winter received an additional 3.000 farthings, making the total up to date, 11,000. The contributions ranged from one to one thousand farthings the latter sum being received by a cheque for Li 03 10d

A SCIENTIST KILLED. Fci While the distinguished physicist. Prof. Vincent Rodella, was experimenting in the laboratory or the Technical College at Novara, in Piedmont, he met with a fatal accident. The Professor was about to make a test with some picric acid when the bottle containing it burst, .lud he was killed.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE IDLER."

Successful Periorman3cs by 03 Warrington Dramatic Society.

Those who braved the rain storm of Thursday evening for the purpose of witnessing the first per- formance of " The Idler" by the members of the Warrington Dramatic Society, were well.re-paid, for the performance must be counted as one of the most successful in the annals of the society. In the autumn •of last year when " Our , Boys" was perforated the high expectations which were indulged in were. hardly realized and the. audiences were a trifle dis appointed, but in the presentation of " The Idler,'- the members of the society have risen to the occasion' and the play is produced .in a manner which is alike pleasing and satisfactory to all concerned. In past years the funds of the Infirmary have benefited from the labours of the slciety but on this occasioa the local branches of the Royal Society for the Preven- tion of Cruelty to Children and the Children's League of Pity are to receive much-needed financial assist- ance. Sir Gilbert aril Lady Greeaall had promised to be present at the initial perbrin.ance, but at the last monient Sir Gilbert telegraphed from Woolsthorpe "Greatly regret impossible for us to return for per- formance. Wish it every success." "The Idler " is an original modern play in four acts by Mr. C. Haddon Chambers and on its produc- tion at the St. James' Theatre, London, Mr. George Alexander won some distinction in the character of Mr. Mark Cross (" The Idler ")—a single man of leisure who amuses himself, and alarms his widowed mother by mysteriously dis- appearing for months at a time. The plot, if so it may be termed, may be summarised as follows. stark Cross, " Gentleman Jack" and Simeon Strong are three young adventurers who meet together in the "Golden Valley of the States.": As the out- come of a quarrel, "Gentleman Jack" 'shoots dead a brother of Simeon Strong and makes good his escape to England. Here he unexpectedly inherits the baronetcy- of a cousin and becomes a member of Parliament as Sir John Harding, M.P. He marries Helen Merryweather, a beautiful woman and daughter by his first wife of General Merryweather. Lady Harding had . previously had an ardent admirer in. Mark Cross, who cm return- ing to L-mdon, in the hope of winniug her hand, learns that she is married to Sir John, whom he finds- to be no other than " Gentleman Jack," the slayer of Simeon Strong's brother. • Sir _John endeavours .to explain away the shooting of Strong's brother by asserting that it was the result of an accident, which he very much regretted, and repents having run away. In the meantime Simeoa Strong, who has become an American millionaire, and intends in his own words " to knock corners off this earth," visits London rind On meeting Sir John at once recognises him and Informs him of his sworn deter- mination to avenge his brother's death. He means to have justice, and to:let.Sir John try the credence of an Ametican.jury with his version of the story." The situation is explained to Lady Harding by her old lover, Mark Cross, whose love for her has " torn his senses away," and knowing his influence over Simeon Strong by reason of having on one occasion saved his life, he extracts from Lady Harding, in a weak , moment, a promise that she will forsake her husband in order to save his life. At first Simeon is obdurate, and will not accede to the entreaties of lark to abandon his revengeful policy against Sir John, but eventually Mark induces him to" break the oath of a hasty revengeful heart." Having succeeded in his object, Mark claims from Lady Harding the fulfilment of her promise, but she refuses on the ground that it is "better to break a bad pledge than do an infamous thing. Her midnight . interview with Mark in his chambers is interrupted by the appearance of Sir John on the scene. In the eyes of Sir John both his wife and Mark have compromised their honour and he will hear' of no explanations. Ile challenges Mark to a duel with revolvers, and the fateful moment has arrived when they are about to fire at each other when Simeon Strong interposes. A reconciliation takes place and allends happily except perhaps for Mark, "the idler," against whom the fates seem to have con- spired. He determines to pack up for a long journey towards the north—a decision which gives joy to his faithful manservant, Bennett.

The 'characters w4re as follows :--- Mark Cross Mr. Charles H. Wood Sir John Harding, M P., Mr. Sidney Wallhead Simeon Strong (of New York) . Mr. Harry Mosley general lierryweither Mr. Gsaffrey Dodd 3nnett Mr. Victor Roberts Lady Harding Mrs. Cross Mrs. James Fairclough Mrs. Glynn Stanmore Mrs. Jennings Kate Me r rywe ather The cast, ;t will be sem, is not a numerous one Most of the artistes' namls are familiar ones to those who have taken an interest in the career of the Warrington Dramatic Society Each one has appeared on the stage before and may therefore be considered as having overcome any weakness to stage fright. The acting on Thursday was so uniformly good that any adverse comments must savour of the captious and hypercritical. The opening seene was perhaps a little too slow, but it enabled the audience to get a good grip of the story. In undertaking the leading role of iVlark Cross, Mr. Wood had a heavy task but he discharged it with marked ability. times his voice showed signs of wearing hut on the whole he capably sustained his part to the end: In the scenes with Sir John and Lady Harding he showed dramatic power of a high quality, which the audience were not slow to appreciate. Miss Margaret Pierpoint had a difficult and exacting part to play as Lady Hard- ing,and one which is plrhaps of a more onerous character than any she has hitherto attempted. he acquitted herself with a dignity and personal charm- which won high commendation. Her finely-modulated voice stood her in good stead and she made the most of the sensational dramatic situations. A fitting climax WAS reached when she fell swooning to the floor under the baseless charges of her husband, and the audience were constrained to demand the raising of the fallen curtain. Mr. Sydney Wallhead as Sri. John Harding, M.P., was also seen at his best in this scene, and his scorn knew no bounds when he taunted Mark Cross with having "saved my life and killed my heart." Mr. Harry Mosley has already gained a high reputation in the town and district as an amateur dramatist and in his characterisation of Simeon Strong he may be said to add to his laurels. He gives a typical American flavour to this character, and his voice and manner are such as to become almost infectious. His love making with Kate Merryweather,the General's daughter,is one of the choicest bits of the play. Miss Bessie Pierpoint adds charm to the situation by her vivaciousness and coquetry. Her childlike and bland way of asking him how she mustanswer his proposal of marriage, receives an amusing set-off when he guesses that an answer of "Yes," and the granting of permission to allow him to kiss her, would be a good start. Miss Bessie Pierpoint also distinguished herself in company with General Merryweither. Her curiosity with refer- ence to his intentions respecting 'marriage for a third time is so persistent as to lead him to the conclusion that her " impertinence is only equalled by her intrusive- ness." Mr. Geoffrey Dodd plays the part of the old general with becoming gallantry. The amusing situation in which Mrs. Glynn Stanmore, a fashionable widow looking out for a husband, confesses that the general's "exquisite refinement had touched and Axon her." when as a matter of fact his intentions lay in the direction of winning the hand of her friend. Mrs. Cross, is happily hit off. Mrs. Jennings played the part of the widow with taste,and her discreetness in withdrawing from the situation which her outspokenness had created Was a triumph. The character of Mrs. Cross, the mother of Mark Cross, could not have been placed in ' better hands than those of Mrs. James Fairclough. Her interview with Mark in which she tried unsuccessfully to fathom the secret which waslroubling the heart of her son was an example of true motherly anxiety, and her parental solicitude found expression in the sentence "You don't understand that helping to bear the child's pain is the mother's greatest joy." Mark was unres- ponsive, despite her pleading that there was "a medium between wearing his heart on his sleeve and con- cealing it in his boots." Mr. Victor Roberts as Bennett proved himself a loyal man-servant for Mark Cross. There was a bit of worldly wisdom in his remark that "a servant as has the truth always .on the tip of his tongue Ain't no use." "He should always," continued Bennett, "have a lie ready behind his teeth—and one behind each tooth for that matter." The stage manage- ment was in the capable hands of Mr. C. H. Wood. There were one or two unduly long pauses between the 'acts, but Mrs. W. B. Roberts' orchestra pleasantly whiled away a portion of the time of waiting by playing selections of music.

The performance was repeated last evening, and the concluding performance will take place this (Saturday) evening.

NEW BANANA STEAMERS FOR MANCHESTER. A new fleet of banana boats is to be put on the ser- vice between Port Limon and Manchester by Messrs. Elders and Fyffes, Ltd. The Matina will be launched to-dav at Newcastle, and the Miami and the Mitnistree will follow. The four present steamers are to be put on theßristol traffic. The new boats will accomplish the journey from Costa Rica in about sixteen days against the nineteen days occupied at present, and on each voyage will bring 45,000; bunches (about 120 to 150 bananas in a bunch), against 35.000 now carried. The vessels will be specially adapted for , carrying fruit.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. Increase of Pauperism and Distress.

A meeting of this Board was _ held on Wednesday . . . .

m )rning. Sir. A. Brooks presided and there were also pres.mt : Mrs. Clay, Dr. Murray, Messrs. S. Davies, T. H. Ashcroft, A. J. Jolley, A. Jolley, G. Pilling, J. Bill inge, J. Payton, William Houghton, J. Turton, G. Mather, J. C. Sutton (clerk), J. F. Awbery (master)and A. Wright (Padgate schools).

HEAVY FEES FOR VICCLNATION.

The CLERK stated that the fees for vaccination dur- ing the past quarter were as follows :—Dr. Peacocke, £lB3 4s Gd, Dr. Dowling, flaydock, £2O 19s Od, Dr. Bennett, ta32 17s 6d, Dr. Valentine, Newton, £49 4s 6d, total £389 5s 63.

ASIICROFr said he supp3sed the heavy fees were due to an outbreak of smallpox. • The CHAIRMAN : They are due to the special pre- cautions taken against the epidemic. Mr. S. DAVIES said he would like to object to the amount butihe could not. Mr. PILLING moved the passing of the cheques. Mr. BiLLENGE seconded. The CLERK said the cheques were for ,-C4OG3 ss. sd, Mr. MATHER: I suppose you have money to pay them.

The CLERK: Oar balance at the bank at the present rate of expenditure will soon be absorbed. Mr. A. JOLLEY Two or three of you will have to be surcharged for spending the money. Mr. HOUGHTON : Is it likely that this Union or any other Union will take up that Local Government Board monstrosity—the scale of fees for vaccination— I can call it nothing else. (Hear, hear.) Mr. A. J. Jou.,Ev pointed out that the matter had been under consideration before. A department coin, mittee was going into the matter- The Poor Law Association had already approached the department and was using all its influence to get the whole question re-considered. He did not, accept the view that had been expressed that th) fees ware excessiva for the services rendered. Personally, he was of opinion that the fees allowed represented an adeqaate payment for competent service rendered to the puolic. The increase on the rates was red but it WAS only fair to recognise that the public ware raceivirrg services for it, and to suggest.that the 'medical men were derivinz,seme im- proper belefitf froai these fees was scarcely- fair. There was no doAt that in some in- stances the scale of fees had been higher' than necessary and the whole question was receiving care fill consideration at the preseat time. He thought the Boazd might have no anxiety that their interests would be vindicated in fairness to the professional men. The CLERK pointed out that under the old conditions parents brought their children to a public vaccinating station, and thq cost to the ratepayers of the Union was only about £503 or £390 per annum. The bill now approached £2,000 and this was due to the new scale of fees under the p.-eseat conditions. The public vaccina- tor had now to vaccinate the child in the parents' house, and visit it t:vo or three times. The-feeling of the association referred to by Mr. Jolley, was largely in the direction of resorting to the oldi system of vac- cinating stations.

The Cheques were then signed. HOUSE COMMITTEE. Ata meeting held on January 8 the death of Harold Banks, the unknown infant found in Bank-street about 4 months ago was reported. A communication was read m fro the Local Government inspector relative to the making of suitable provision against an outbreak of fire in the casual wards. It wa; reiolvel to continue the order prohibiting visiting to th 3 house. It was resolved to appoint Miss Gertrude Downing probationer nurse at the usual rates and upon the usual conditions. The minutes were passed. THE SALARY OF THE WORKHOUSE MEDICAL OFFICER. Dr. Braide, medical officer at the Workhouse, wrote as follows :--5, Bold-street. 311 y ask you formallyto bring before the Board my application for an increase of salary. I have been medical officer now for 11 years, and during that time-the amount of work and responsi- hility has greatly increased as you are aware. Eleven years ago there were only two nurses employed at the Workhouse hospital. Now we have a superintendent nurse, three charge-nurses, and 12 assistant nurses. The number of patients has doubled, and the number of lunatics certified as fit for residence in the Workhouse hal.., almost trebled. ' We also have two male lunatic attendants under my supervision. The above facts prove that my work has greatly increased, while my salary has remained stationary. I, therefore, ask you to bring the matter before the Board, and feel sure that they will grant my request. The CLERK ob3erved that there was no doubt that the statemonts made by Dr. Braid° were correct. Mr. PILLING moved th it the letter be referred to the flottse Committee.

Mr. S. DAVIES seconded and it was agreed to. ;THE ALTERATIONSTAT THE WORKHOUSE. The CHAIRMAN moved the following resolution : "That the Guardians hereby consent to• the expenditure of a sum not exceeding three hundred and forty-five pounds in the making of alterations and additions at wash-kouse at the Workhouee of the Union in pur- suance of the order of the Local Government Board, dated the Bth day of April, 1903, in addition to the sum of two thousand two hundred and twenty-five pounds authorized to be expended for that purpose." Mr. Bru.INGE asked whether the Guardians were quite certain that this .stun would meet all the expendi- ture.

Mr. PILLING Slid it included everything the Guam/. dians 'were aware of. Mr. S. DANTES : You will have a little more. The resolution was carried. A DEPUTATION. _

Mr. PILLING moved "That the Guardians be repro seated, as'in previous years, at the annual meeting of the Central Poor Law Conference, to be held at the Guild Hall, London on Tuesday and Wednesday, Feb- ruary 23rd and 24th, by two Guardians and the Clerk." He suggested that the representatives should be the Chairman and Vice-Chairman and the Clerk. Mr.ilittcaNGP: seconded and expressed the hope that they would have a good time. (Laughter.) The resolution was carried. RE-ARRANGEMENT OF RELIEF DIS'FRICTS. The CRAIRMAN moved that the Clerk be instructed to apply to the Local Government Board to alter the No. 2 and No. 3 relief districts of the Union as follows: —That the townships of Houghton-Middleton wad- Arbury, Southworth-with-Croft, and Winwick-with- Hulme, be taken from No 2 district. The CLERK pointed out that Mr. Aukland's district, 'which was No. 3, formerly included several Cheshire parishes which had been taken away and added to the Runcorn Unichn. If they now took from Mr. Bowes' district the parishes of Houghton, Croft, and NVinkvick and added them to Mr. Ankland's district it would make it about equal, in respect of work per head of population, with chat prior to the alteration he had mentioned. On the other hand, the Board would relieve Mr. Bowes' district which had materially increased. Mr. Holm FIToN : What about the salaries? The Cuitrum.ks: The salaries will remain as at present. Mr. MA.Tirim said it almost seemed to be against human nature that a man would get over more work at the same remuneration.

Mr. BILLINGE said the representatives of the Newton relief district were willing to give loyal support to the proposal, and he seconded the resolution. Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON moved an amendment that the matter be adjourned for a fortnight. Mr. MATHER seconded.. Mr. A. .1. JOLLEY supported the proposal on the ground of Union administration. The resolution was carried. • . AN INCREASE OF PAUPERISM. THE CLERK'S REVIEW OF THE SITUATION. Local Government Board, January 2nd. • 2, Westbourne-road, • Southport. Sir,—l should be much obliged if you would send me a short report as to (a) the state of pauperism in your Union at the present time (b) the existence of any serious or unusual want of employment (c) the special measures, if any, which have been taken by the Guardians or other local authority for dealing with the unemployed (d) your own opinion as to the outlook for the next three months. Any information you may be able to give should be posted to my private address as above not later than Wednesday next. Faithfully yours, 11 JENNER .Tux., general inspector. Warrington Union Offices, 4th January, 1902.

Dear Sir,

Our -returns show considerable increases of number of paupers and of outlay of relief. The 'umber of pauper inmates of Workhouseas compared with last year exceeds by over 90 for the last several weeks. The out-door relief exceeds in the same period by about £6 weekly. The large works are on short time, and many men are out of work. At Earlestown (Newt9n) the number of unemployed men seetns heaviest. Destitu- tion is, however, being liberally eased by means of voluntary contributions. Upon the whole I view the state of things to be worse then in previous years' winter months, and whilst hopeful for good weatherand better employment, I am unable for the present to see the prospect of material improvement of the adverse conditions. The Guardians have not found it necessary to adopt any exceptional measures. If the need for such ' should arise they will undoubtedly exercise their powers of amelioration as the conditions stay require. —Yours faithfully, J. C. SUTTON, clerk. The CLERK said he had received a further letter from Mr. Fast, thanking him for his report on pauperism an/ distress.

THE NEW OVERSEER. The CLERK said he had received notice of the appoint- ment, of Mr. James Fairclough as an overseer in place of Mr. Joseph Shaw Green, deceased. This was all the business of public interest.

TRADE DEPRESSION IN PRESCOT UNION" The Prescot Guardians on Thursday considered the increase of pauperism, the Clerk reporting an increase in the number of inmates of the Workhouse.—Mr. Middlehurst said if this went on they would have to enlarge the house again. He thought they might revert to the old practice of granting out-door relief, rather than admitting to the Workhouse.—The Clerk pointed out that the Union was suffering from trade depression and that considering the local circumstances the pauperism in the Union was not exceptional. As a matter of fact, if they looked into the figures, they would see it was really less than twelve•months ago.

di

":".4

===== 0002601_19040116_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Vi

fistrrisigym, f00p,,,,, . Iti

ef'

===== 0002601_19040116_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EXPLANATORY CATECHISM.

1. IVhat is elicitor. Emus' Quinine Bitters

An excellent vegetable Remedy, prepared in the most skilful and scientific manner, and containing the active principles of those plants generally acknowledged to be the best remedial agents, and to possess the most heal- ing and curative properties. It is now extensivelyused in many countries, and everywhere acknowledged as the Best Tonic Remedy known.

2. What does it contain 1

Quinine and the active principles of the following well-known herbs: Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Lavender, Burdock, and Dandelion, scientifically pre- pared, and in such happy proportions as to form a Tonic Bitters positively unequalled.

3. What is its action

assists atiu promotes Digestion strengthens t 'Nerves and Muscles, purifies the Blood, enlivens the - porits, and removes all Obstructions and Impurities in Ihe Human Body. It gives tone to the whole system. ' t strengthens and fortifies those parts which have been weakened by Disease, and are consequently more liable to Colds and unhealthful influences. It has gained the Highest Recommendations as the Best Family Medicine and a remedy for every kind of Weakness.

4. Wisat Diseases is it specialty recommentlecl for

Influenza, and the after effec attack of influenza, Indigestion, Chest Affect Diseases of the Liver in all their various forms, Neuralgia and all Nervous Disorders, Depression of Spirits, General 'Weakness, Loss of Appetite, Sleeplessness.

Mast patients confine themselves within doors when using 'it?

No; the working man need not abstain from his labour; the mother from her household duties, or the ,child be kept from school while using it..

C. Is there any difficulty in procuring it?

There need be none, as it can be obtained of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or will be forwarded direct by the Proprietors, carriage free, on receipt of stamps. It is sold in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each. Beware of Imitations. See the name " Gwilym Evans" on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. Sole Proprietors: Quinioe Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

E STRAIGHT TALK To A PRISONER.-A FORGIVING WIFE. •

"You will be a mean scoundrel if, after your wife has pleaded for you as she has done, you do not justify her expectations." This was the remark addressed by Mr. T. Birchall to Charles Booth, shoemaker, 118, Winwick-road, who appeared before the Warrington magistrates on Monday on the charge of neglecting his childrea.—Mr. A. Browne prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C.,and said the prisoner came under the super- vision of Inspector Hackett in June, 1902. He was warned time after time by the Inspector, Mr. Taylor, police court missionary, and Constable Lewis, but on the 13th February last he came before the magistrates. During the week previous to that date he had made such an improvement that at the request of the wife the Bench decided to give him another chance. On the under- standing that prisoner would sign the pledge the case was adjourned for three months. Prisoner signed the pledge but did not keep it, but the wife said his conduct was so satisfactory during the three months that the case was not proceeded with further. On September 15th prisoner bolted from the town, leaving the wife and children without an, means at all, and Inspector Hackett took out a warrant. When he was apprehended it was found that he sent his wife 5s one week,and for a number of weeks he forwarded sums of ten shillings. His wife had been begging very hard for him not to be sent to prison and she said he would turn over a new leaf. If it had not been for the kindness of their grand- mother the children would have been starved to death. For a whole week prisoner was never sober, and he had run the wife and children out of the house.—PriSoner's wife pleaded so hard for him that the magistrates decided to adjourn the case for two months. They inti- mated that if Booth came before them again he would be sent to gaol.

FACTOR::: ACT PROSECUTIONS.-SUNDAY WORK AT WARRINGTON.

A number of prosecutions under the Factory Act were heard at the Warrington Police Court, yesterday, Mr. Lewis, chief inspector of factories for the district, conducting the cases.—John Bayley Isaac, King. street, was summoned for having employed Agnes Highley and a boy named Robert Littlewood, on Sunday, December 20th.—Mr. Lewis said defendant was liable to a fine not exceeding £3 in each case. Mr. Isaac had all the information in regard to the Act at his disposal and must have undertaken the risk with his eyes open.—Mr. Isaac said that although an abstract of the Act was displayed on the premises he had not read it. He did not ask Miss Highley to do any work on Sunday, but as they were exceptionally busy she came voluntarily. He was aware that the boy was working.—A fine ef 2s. 6d. and costs in each case was imposed.—Joseph Partington, tailor, 43, Bridge-street, was summoned for not having an abstract of the Act displayed in his workshop and for employing a youth named Joseph Mahoney after the legal limit of time— Mr. Lewis said Mahoney was found working at sixo'clock on a Saturday:evening whereas he should laaveice,asedwork. at four o'clock. An abstract of the Act had been sent to the defendant but it was not affixed to the wall—Asked what he had to say, Mr. Partington replied" Least said soonest mended." He was fined 2s. 6d. and costW in each case—Messrs. Bennett and Son, Derby House con- fectionery works, Lovely-lane, were summoned for not displaying an abstract of the Act and for employing six females on Sunday December 20th.—Mr. Lewis said that in this case an abstract had been served on the defendants with a requisition that they should affix it to the wall. On the date in question it was found that the abstract was not displayed and six females were working as if it had been a week-day.--The Mayor: Do von think this is systematically carried on?—Mr. Lewis: If there is pressure they think very little of Sunday. There is no virture in being good when there is no tempta,_ tion.—Mr. Bennett said the Christmas pressure wa, responsible for the employment of females on Sunday. —A fine of 2s. 6d. and costs in each case was inflicted.'

===== 0002601_19040116_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough PolicelCourt.

Minor Cases.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillor Thornton, Messrs Birchall and S. Wright. "GOT A LONG WAY TO GO."—Allan Green, Laurel Bank, Lymm, aud William Rangeley, Woodlands, Lymm young men, were summoned for making loud and un- seemly noises inHorsemarket street on January 4th.- -

%'

"A Strong Point

pi with the Makers" says Health, and the secret of its universal popularity is the ABSOLUTE l PURITY of . .

_ . ; 9 s, 4 cyzaa

It possesses in a remarkable degree those natural elements of sustenance which give the system endurance and hardi- hood, building up muscle and bodily vigour with a steady action, that renders it a most reliable beverage.

The "MEDICAL ANNUAL" says:

"CADBURY'S is a perfectly pure Cocoa of the highest quality."

A delicious refreshing

drink. " A perfect food."

Cadbury's COCOA Absolutely Pure

therefore Best,

P. C. Clarke s,,id defendants and two other young men were shouting and singing.—Defendants said they met some friends at Warrington and when they told them that they had to go to Lymm they commenced singing "We've got a long way to go "—The Mayor: Do you carry on like that at Lymm ?—Defendants: No sir.— The Mayor: Then why do so in Warrington? —The Chief Constable: A lot of young men who come from the country think they can behave themselves just as they like in town.—Defendants were fined 5s each.

CIIIMNEY ON FlRE.—Richard Toft, Iforsemarket street, was fined Is. for allowing the chimney of his shop to bo on fire.

THURSDAY.—Before Messrs, C. White (presiding) and

J. R. Young.

A SON'S D ISG RAC EF COND UCT. —Peter Taylor, junr., 'Water-street, was charged with making use of threats towards father. Peter Taylor, on the previ- ous day.--Complainant said he told prisoner he would have to leave the house unless he promised to be tee- total, whereupon prisoner threatened to" do for him." He went away shaking his fist and muttering. Witness was really afraid that his son would do him bodily harm unless he was restrained.—Prisoner denied making use of threats.—The Chief Constable said he thought the complainant had the sympathy of everyone who knew his bitter case. Everything had been done for the prisoner • that it was possible to do for "worthless piece of human refuse." He had been before the court for assaulting his father and the police, and in October last he was sentenced to two months im- prisonment for assaultieg his aunt. He was almost a dipsomaniac,lhaving been brought to the Police Station on the verge of delirium tremens. Instead of earning an honest livelihood, priooner was a terror to his father and a burden to the ratepayers—Prisoner was bound over to keep the peace in two sureties of £5, or in de- fault a month's Imprisonment. AN OLD OFFENDE R.—John Heaton, who made his 45th appearance, was fined 10s. and costs for making use of obscene language in Holt-street, at 1.20 that morn- ing.

FRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman , Smethurst,Councillors Roberts and Thornton, Messrs. H. Roberts, Hepherd, and Young. I CRUELTY TO A HORSE.—Frank Millington,of Stretton, was fined 20s. for illtreating a horse by working it whilst in an unfit state on July Bth.—The evidence of Inspector Gibson, R.S.P.C.A., and Mr. Dixon, veterin- ary surgeon, showed that the horse was very lame on the near fore leg. UNHAPPY MARRIED LlFE.—Harry Clare, naturalist, was charged on a warrant with making use of threats towards his wife on the previous morning.—Mr. Jenkins appeared for the complainant and Mr. Cromp- ton defended.—Mr. Jenkitis said he took charge of the case, which VMS a very painful one, at the request of Mr. Steel. The case, if possible ought not to be heard, and he had previously stated that as far as he was con- cerned he would never lend himself to increase embitter- ment between husband and wife.—Mr. Crompton sugges- ted an adjournment and he (Mr. Jenkins) would agree to that.—Mr. 'Roberts: Were your instructions to apply for a separation order?—The Clerk: He cannot on this charge.—Mr. Roberts said the magistrates spent a con- siderable time on a previous occasion in hearing a charge against the prisoner and a separation order was granted. It was common knowledge that the parties' came together again in a few days.—The Bench granted an adjournment for a fortnight. prisoner being bound over to keep the peace towards his wife in the meantime.

FINE FOR ASSAULT.—Thomas Govern, 7, Hill-street was summoned for assaulting his •father-in-law, John McDonough, 9, Hill-street, on January 9th.— Complainant said defendant struck and knocked him down and kicked him, injuring his head which had to be stitched.—The Chief Constable said complainant was taken to the Infirmary by the police and it was thought that the ease was very serious. It was a question whether defendant would not be apprehended for unlawful wounding, but subsequently the doctors found the injuries were not as serious as had been anticipated.—A fine of 10s. and costs were imposed. Two SIDES OF A STORY—James Glynn, 11, Powys- street was summoned for assaulting Joseph Thomas Bennett, 28, Powys-street, his father-in-law on January 10th. There was a cross-summons against Bennett for assault—Mr. Crompton appeared for Bennett who alleged that Glynn came to his house under the influence of drink and struck him a severe blow in the eye—On the other hand Glynn alleged that Bennett met him in the street and knocked him down.—The cases were dismissed, each party to pay his own costs.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE UNEMPLOYED.

The two words at the head of this article form what printers call a standing line. Never a winter passes without this melancholy title for a record of want and suffering appearing daily in our journals. It is a pitiable thing, an evil that the wisest statesmen and the richest and most generous philantropists at their best seem only able to alleviate. To discover a com- plete remedy for the trouble passes the wit of a man, and whoever looks forward to a period when there shall be profitable work always ready for the hand of him who is willing to labour is regarded as a dreamer. But in our country there is a second vast army of unemployed whose sufferings are never discussed in the newspapers, viz., the thousands who have work to do and are anxious to do it, but who are kept away from office or workshop by ill health. The amount of work (and therefore of money) lost in this way each year is incalculable. Nevertheless it is an evil which might in large measure be prevented, for Mother Seigel's Syrup cures indigestion, a cause of immense suffering and loss, as well as a forerunner of many other complaints. "About two years ago," writes Mr. David J. Thomas, of Central House, Drefach-Llandyssil, Carmarthenshire, 30th September, 1903, "my appetite failed and I became incapable of work. A dull pain at the stomach, particu- larly after eating, greatly troubled me. Though I was extremelycareful as to what I ate, this symptom kradu- ally grew worse nail' was never free from it. I was troubled, too with wind and dizziness, which sometimes caused rue to stagger about. Although very ill, Iso far contrived to work through it all. A doctor here prescribed some medicine for me, but it did not touch my complaint, and I was not a bit the better for it. After that another doctor nearrarmarthen attended me with the same result. "After enduring this misery for about six months,and seeing no chance of recovery under the treatment I was receiving, I one day happily thought of Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup.' had often heard it spoken of favourably and resolved to obtain a bottle of it.l had not takenimuch of the medicine before I discovered that it was benefit- ing me considerably. My appetite and strength in- creased daily. All the pain and dizziness left me, and in five weeks I was well and strong again, able to work with pleasure." . -

_ . To be able to work with pleasure is a sure sign of health, and people in that happy condition are always the last to be numbered among the unemployed.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION IN CHESHIRE. The Question of Religious Instruction.

A meeting of the Cheshire County Education Com- mittee was held at Crewe on Thursday, Mr. C. E. Thornycroft presiding. It was decided not to provide books necessary for religious instruction, other than Bibles, for voluntary schools which had not beenhanded over to the Committee; and that managers of all non- provided schools be informed that the Education Com- mittee disapproved of the taking of children our of the schools for the purpose of giving religious instruction during school hours. Dr. Hodgson brought forward a report from the Higher Education Sub-Committee, which recommended that the County Education Committee should offer a number of bursaries for boys and girls of twelve years of age and upwards, who,lat the age of sixteen or there- abouts, will be willing to become candidates for engagements as pupil teachers; the bursaries to be toneble at secondary or other day schools and pupil teachers' centres.—ln the course of discussion, Judge Bradbury said there was a dearth of elementary !teachers, and.in the future that dearth might be increased.—The eport was adopted.

Protecting the Children. During the Quarter ended 31st December, 1903, the Warrington and District branch of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, (local office. 34, Parker-street, Warrington), inquired into 82 complaints, of which 79 cases were found to be true, and affected the welfare of 253 children. There were 108 offenders. Action was 4taken as follows :—Warnings were given in 69 cases: I cases were dealt with by transfer, Sze., and 6 cases were found to he of such a gross nature as to necessitate prosecution. Six months, two weeks of imprisonment with hard labour, and £5 in fines was [imposed. The Society's Inspector made 442 visits. of. supervision; 5 of the children died before or during inquiry.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW EGGS ABSORB ODOURS.

Very few people are aware how rapidly eggs absorb the odours of articles they are often placed near, such as onions and kerosene, or even the filth of the poultry house. The shell is porous and in a few hours the yolk of an egg will become tainted by near proximity to strong odours. Strictly fresh eggs that bring the high- est prices to local customers are removed shortly after they become separated from the hen, and are kept in a clean receptacle in a clean room.

The Rue de In Republique, Lyons, France, is paved with glass. The blocks are eight inches square, and so closely fitted that water cannot pass between the inter- stices. Greenland glaziers average, according to a recent report, one thousand feet in thickness, move fifty feet a day, and discharge into the sea foursquare xiles of ice yearly one thousand feet thick.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
1"

WARRINGTON.

Local _Landlady's _Sudden Death.

Mrs. Hart, wife of Mr. Thomas Hart, landlord of the Beehive Hotel, High-street, Northwich died sill- denly last Friday night. The deceased, who was only 31 years of age, had been ailing for some time, but on Friday night she was in her usual cheery mood. She partook of supper with her husband, and having done so she placed her hand on his shoulder and suddenly expired. Dr. Marsh, her medical adviser, was sum- moned, but his services were of no avail. Dec9ased and her husband are b lth very well known in the town, having resided at the Beehive Hotel for upwards of three years. She was a daughter ef Mr. James Dooley, of Hatton, near Warrington, and well-known in that village. The interment took place on Tuesday at Daresbury Church.

- H. M. 'ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63. SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Sankey Harriers. _

Sankey Harriers gained a victory over the well- known Sefton Harriers on Saturday. The run took place frotn Mr. J. Horlock's, Longford Hotel, and aroused keen interest. A large muster turned out including C. Straw of Warrington harriers, who ran fror Sefton. About five or six miles of country was traversed, the packs going round Winwick and back past the Orford Schools. Straw was an easy winner, getting home about 50 yards in front of John Riley and R. Gibson of Sankey. J. Roberts (Sefton) came next and was followed by the remainder of Sankey's counters. Sankey ran in winners by 26 points. The positions of the runners were :—Sankey: John Riley, 2; R. Gibson, 3; Joseph Riley, C; S Parsonage ;P. Wilding, 8; J. Cooper, 9, points, 35. Sefton : C. Straw. 1: J. Roberts, 4 ; J. Edge, 5 ; W. Rigby,l2; P. Brady, 17 ; H. Hawkins, 22; points, 61.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERA. WATERS.—Advt. Ship Canal Financas.

The Manchester Ship Otnal C Yap any and the Corporation of Manchester have jointly prepared and deposited for n?xt session a bill dealing with the financial relations between them in view of the further requirements by the company.—The preamble recites that the traffic on thercanal is increasing, and larger vessels are resorting theretl, and it is there- fore expedient that provision, should be made for facilitating tha use of thd canal by such vessels, and thereby increasing the benefits which have accrued to Manchester by its construction,-- In accordance with the.preamble, the bill proposes to empower the comPany to borrow a farther sum of £2,000,000, " which shall have priority over the Cor- poration debentures." Of this sum £333,003 " shall be applied for the el3ctition of new works'" ; £950,000" for the purposes of determining or pro- cureing the surrender of any leases granted by the company to the Manchester Ship Canal Warehousing Company, Limited, and the Manchester Dock and Warehouse Extension Company, Limited," and the balance remaining of £500,000 is "only to be borrowed by the company with the consent of the Cor- poration."

PUBLIC BENEFIT. UNDER the CLOCK for BES BOCT3 in LANCASHERE.—Advt. "Along French Highways." This was the subject of a highly-interesting lecture given before' the members of the Wycliffe Young People's Society on Monday evening by Mr. Hubert Congreve, of Moore. The lecture was illustrated by a number of slides from nhotographic4naga.tives, taken by the lecturer daring several cycling tours in France. Many interesting scenes in hamlet, village and town in Normandy, Brittainy,Touraine and other French provinces were depicted, and the lecturer's racy descriptions of his experiences added to the attractiveness of the lecture. Many of the views were of venerable abbeys, castles and churches, and the rich histoc:cal associations connected therewith, were graphically detailed. The lecturer paid a pass- ing tribute to the great care taken by the French people in preserving these memorials of the past, the architectural beauties of which were greatly admired by the audience.—The lecturer was thanked for his services, as was also -Mr. Watson, the lanternist, on the proposition of Mr. C. Eccles' seconded by Mr. W. Brown, and supported by the Chairman (Rev. John Yonge.) LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS and &WES, UNDER _ _

===== 0002601_19040116_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
the CLOCK, BRID GE-STREET.—Ad. Presentation .to a Friendly Society Official.

After occupying the pos tion- of secretary of the Warrington branch of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers for nearly sixteen years Bro. John Berry has retired from office, and on Saturday evening he was the recipient of a watch, chain, and pendant, and the emblem of merit of the society in recognition of his valuable services. A social gathering was held at the Cattle Market Inn under the presi- dency of Mr. A. C. Binks, the attendance including Bro. David Gardiner (chairman of the Executive Council, London), and. Bro. Anderton (district dele- gate).—Councillor Stott proposed the toast of "The Society." So far as the Warrington branch was con- cerned, he said, it was one of the best in the whole society for saving money. (Hear, hear.) During the year, they, as a branch, had been able to save £l7B 11s. 2,1 d. They had at the beginning of the year ft balance of £BlB 16s. 11-0., which at the end of the year had increased to z£1,247 Bs. 2d. (Hear, hear.) Continuing, the speaker urged the members of the tranch to take greater Interest in local affairs. He hoped that in the near future they would have a representative of the A.S.E. in the Town Council. (Applause.)—The toast was responded to by Bros. Gardiner, Anderson and Oxley.—On the proposition of Bro. Horace Branwood, the health of Bro. John Berry was drunk. The presentations to Bro. Berry were made by Bro. Gardiner and the Chairman—ln I responding to the toast of "The Town and Trade of Warrington," Councillor Stott referred to the filthy condition of the streets, and said he considered they were to a large extent responsible for the numerous epidemics they had had.—A vote of thanks was sub- sequently accorded to Bros. Gardiner and Anderson.— During the evening vocal items were given by Messrs. Gibliins Elliott, Pemberton, Tynan, Forbes and Kendrick.

FOR CLASS AND CHINA. of every description try J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
Lecture on Sugars.

At the fourth meeting of the session in connection with the Literary and Philosophical Society. Mr. J. Allan (Messrs. J. Crosfield and Sons) lectured on "Commercial Sugars" with some notes on their manufactufas and uses. The President (Mr. F. (1 Ruddock, F.1.C.,) presided over a small attendance Mr. Allan observed that the term sugar was origin- ally applied to all bodies having a sweet taste, and thus came to be indiscriminately used in speaking of a very large variety of substances possess- ing few points in common, and in many cases having no relation to each other After tracing the history of the sugar cane which appeared to have been Common in India in very remote 'times, Mr. Allan pointed out that the first French factory was established at Lille in 1810. The peace following npon the downfall of Napoleon allowed cane sugar to be again imported into Europe, and, to save the beet industry, a heavy import duty was placed upon the cane. product, while the home material was produced free of duty. That preferential treat- ment had the desired effect, for by allowing time for selection and improvements in the cultivation of the beets, it placed the production of beet-sugar on a firm - foundation. - The growth of this industry had been most extraordinary, for the modest 1,090 tms produced in 1827 had grown to 4,000 tons in 1838, and in 1902 the world's production of beetroot sugar reached the huge total of nearly seven million tons, a figure which was no less than nearly three million tons greater than the world's production of cane sugar. The artificial conversion of starch into an uncrystallizable form of sugar known as glucose, was first accomplished by Kirchoff, of St. Petersburg, in 1702, and of late years that discovery had been turned to practical use, enormous quantities of glucose being prepared from starchy bodies in America, the Continent and to a lesser degree in this country. Nothing definite was known of the history of the other sugars obtained from the maple, sorghum and various palms. The separation of sugar from green maize stalks was an. old Mexican industry whilst among recent ad- vances might be mentioned the preparation of sugar from melon juice in the United States and of milk- sugar in Switzerland. Natural products such as the honey of bees and other insects and vegetable exuda- tions, such as manna, had probably been used far beyond historic periods. Mr. Allan proceeded to give details of the treatment of sugars from a scienti- fic standpoint. He was cordially thanked for his lecture, the discussion being taken part in by Messrs: W. B. Roberts, J. Fulton Smith, J. Moore Murray, Charles White and the President.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
of i est,i ba.‘ -and the old 143 bec dis thiby her Ro firs. the ver On it thi via slii bo old alt thE an thr an

===== 0002601_19040116_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
‘. • t',. • • ka • ;: • . . I:' • I ort, 7 • . „, • _ „. •- - . _ AfR4.-.W.,:‘,,,t, •

tar am lot sut

===== 0002601_19040116_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL.

The Unemployed Question.

The monthly meeting of the Wewrington Trades and Labour Council was held in Bold-street Wesleyan Schoolroom on Tuesday evening under the presideacy of Air. J. Podmore junr. There was a good attendance including Councillor F'. Stott the secretary.

THE PRINTING TRADE,

The SECRF:TARY read a letter from Mr. German, the secretary of the Warrington section-of the Typogsaphi- calAssociation, thanking the Council .for the efforts put forth on behalf of the printing trade in Warrington and congratulating Councillor Stott upon his election.

TRADE UNIONISTS AND NEWSPAPFAS.

The Manchester and Salford Trades and Labour Coun- cil forwarded a copy of the following resolution which they passed at a recent moeting, in the hope that some practical way might be found of putting it into opera- tion :--`‘ That, in the opinion of this Council, the time has arrived when the working classes should support only those newspapers giving prominence to speakers on behalf of labour, equal to that given to speakers on behalf of other parties." No comment was made upon the letter. BASK E r-m.A K ERS' D ESPUTE.

The Committee decided to give its credentials to an appeal about to be issued on behalf of the Union basket-makers employed at Mr. Johnson's works who have come out on strike.

THE TAXATION OF LAND VALUES.

The SECRETARY presented a report of the Proceedings at a conference recently held at Manchester under the auspices of the Lancashire branch of the Land National- izationsociety.lle said 200 delegateslwere present,repre- seating nearly 300.000 members of Trades Councils, Liberal Associations; Reform Associations and the Independent Labour Party. He was much struck with the enthusiasm and unanimity displayed on tile questton of land reform. Mr. George Harwood, M.P., of Bolton, presided. It was considered that the present was a very opportune time to raise the question, because they who had studied the question knew perfectly well that the land question was the most important subject they had to deal with. The Chairman suggested that there should be a 10 par cent. tax on land to commence with. At the present time almost a third of the income of the country was paid to the landlords for the use of the land, and it was also contended that the excessive railway rates were in a large measure due to the high prices paid for the land over which the lines were constructed. The value of land had grown very rapidly in consequence of the enterprise of muni- cipalities and it was only fair that some of that in- creased value should go to the rates. The present depression in trade was principally due to the land system. There was a general unanimity of opinion that the most important thing to do in the matterat present was to educate the people, and it was dectided that it was advisable to form a Land Reform Council in Man- chester, which could be used for the purpose of organizing lectures, distributing literature, Sx. They must not ally the movement with the Liberal or Con- servative parties but take entirely independent action. Before they could get any large measure of land re- form they would have to develop the various organiza- tions which had been formed for the purpose of obtaining stronger labour representation in the House of Commons and on local goverding bodies. There was a very strong feeling in favour of municipaliza- ion rather than nationalization of the land. The fiscal question was mentioned at the conference and the tdelegates were almost unanimously against any measure of Protection.

The report was adopted. THE PRICE OF GAS-A PLEA FOR USERS OF SLOT

METERS. In accorlance with notice of motion, Mr. BULLOCK moved "That seeing that the Gas Departments are making large profits and have conceded a reduction in price to consumers other thAn prepayment consumers, we request the Corporation to concede a like reduction to prepayment consumers through slot meters." He considered that the present system was unjust and that users of slot meters were fully entitled to a reduction. Mr. EATON said he understood the Gas Committee had the matter under consideration.

The SECRETARY said the matter had been under the consideration lof the Committee for some months, Councillor Maginn having raised the question before he entered the Council. He (the sp&ticer) was of the opinion that no profits should he made out of gas, because they were always given back towards the reduc- tion of the rates, and the working classes did not benefit to the same. extent as the employing classes who were large ratepayers. If they could reduce the price of gas to the average cost of manufacture, the working classes would benefit in the same proportion as the employing classes. He felt almost sure that some alteration would be made in the slot meter system, and that if the consume;re did not get any premium they weed have more feet of gas for the same price. The resolution was carried. DIRECT EMPLOYMENT OF LABOUR BY CORPORATIONS. The SECRETARY stated that he had received a pamphlet with reference to direct employment of labour by Corporations. He was strongly in favour of such employment, as instead of being swindled by con- tractors, the Corporations wouldhave a guarantee of the work being well done, and only, the best materials be- ing used.

The CHAIRMAN moved that copies of the pamphlet be obtained, and said he held the direct employment advocated would do much to prevent difficulties in re- gard to the payment of the standard rate bf wages by public bodies. In connection with Corporation con- tracts a great many revelations of jerry work had lately been made. He did not say in Warrington, because he did not believe that it was the worst town in the world, but if they could get direct Corporation employment adopted, it would b 3 a very good thing for the town and would prove a paying departure i the long.run. (Hear, hear.) It was decided to order copies of the pamphlet. ENGINE AND BOILERSIEN.--SUGGESTED IMPORTANT TESTS.

The Council instructed the Secretary to vote in favour of the following resolution which will be intro- duced at the next meeting of the Lancashire n.nd Cheshire Federation of Trades and Labour Councils,:— "That all persons having charge of steam engines and boilers shall pass a practical examination of fitness for such duties and .on passing such examination shall be granted certificates of efficiency; and that no person be allowed to take charge of an!,' steam engine or boiler who does not hold such certificate." The resolution, if adopted, will be communicated to the Home Secretary.

TILE UNEMPLOYED QUESTION. CORPORST[ON._ASKED TO PROVIDE WORK

The SECRETARY of the Warrington branch of the , National Union of- Gasworkers and General Labourers wrote stating that at their last meetings long discussion took place on the unemployed question, and it was thought that the Town Council might be asked to do .something in the way of forming a labour bureau in Warrington, as it was the only means of knowing the number who were really in want of work. Although from one side it might seem to be playing into the hands of the employers, yet on the ,other hand they had to admit that the Town Council had the power to provide direct employment in times of distress. He understood that the Eccles Town Council had promised a deputation that they would commence some improvements im- mediately and only employ those men who lived in the borough. The trade unionists of Warrington had the advantage/of many other towns in having a Labour representative on the Town Council who was always ready to champion their cause and watch the interests of the working classes generally. Mr. HANDLES (of the Gas Workers) said that in War- rington a great many unskilled labourers were unemployed and tit@ number was on the increase. He moved "That this Council asks the Corporation to open a labour bureau for residents in the borough, and further ask that if exceptional distress is proved the Corporation open out as much work as possible, such as streets, sewers, parks, and tramways or any other work that will absorb some of the unemployed." It was also suggested thatif the Corporation commenced the Work required the labour should be directly employed by the Council, Mr. ROWLANDS seconded.

Mr. Ma.LoNE said he did not know whether the Cor- poration allowed their employees to be sent out on the "hire system," but on Christmas Day there was a procession through the town of gas meter inspectors, tramway inspectors and conductors, and others carrying postmen's bags upon their backs, at the pay of Is. an hour, whilst ratepayers were looking on and doing nothing. He objected to men doing a day's work at their ordinary employment and afterwards working for the post-office. That Council had been asked to agitate for a reduction of hours of labour, and he considered that when a man worked eight hours on the tramways ho had no right to Oork for another department. Mr. Su mr considered they would be playing into the hands of the employers in asking for the establishment of a labour bureau as such a system lent itself to "free labour." Employers would be able to discharge men on

===== 0002601_19040116_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION

Means that the . body has not rid itself of its putrid matter. Foul diseases arise, for the blood becomes poisoned. This impure blood flows into every part of the System, and affects all its organs. "For eleven years," says Mrs. Matilda Wright. 5, Nippet View, Leeds, "I suffered from constipation. My lot was a hard one. No remedies that I took brought relief. My constipation brought on Piles, and then I was in the most direful straits. Fortunately for me I heard of Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills. They cured me when all else had failed, and my warmest thanks are due to them." Dr. M.orse's Indian Root Pills, a perfect blood purifier, cure liver and kidney coMplaints, biliousness, indigestion, constipation, piles dyspepsia, female ail- ments, eczema, pimples, and blotches. Sold by leading chemists and stores, price Is. 14d. per bottle, or on receipt of price from The W. H. -Comstock Co., Ltd., 21, Farringdon Avenue, fLondon, E.C. FREE SAMPLE. Mention this paper and enclose id. stamp for postage.

the slightest pretext and fill their places cheaper on applying at the labour bureau.

-ML YORK said a labour bureau would be tile means of collecting facts. concerning the unemployed. The men who were out of work were principally unskilled labourers and therefore the bureau could not interfere very much with tradesmen. The extent of the distress would be brought to the fore and something might be done—although he was very despondent about it—to alleviate it.

The SECRETARY said that on two occasions the Counoil had complained about the number of unemployed and he had bees instructed to write to the Town Clerk and the Board of Guardians. In each case the Town Clerk had replied asking for information as to the ex- tent of distress in the town ; but it was impossible for him (Councillor Stott) to ascertain how many men out- side trade unions were unemployed. He had moved a resolution that the Council be asked to take into con- sideration the formation of a labour bureau because he considered it would be of great advantage in ascertaining the extent of distress. His proposition was, however, defeated by a large majority because it waa felt it would not be safe to form a bureau until their had a fair proportion of labour representatives on the rown Council. It was also feared that the bureau might be used for the pur- pose of providing cheap labour. He understood that it was not perfectly legal for the Corporation to open a bureau without obtaining'special permission. The Town Clerk told him they had Dot power to do so. He (the speaker) suggested that the Corporation might see their way to provide employment for unskilled labourers in improving the streets and pulling down old property. He hoped the time would not be far distant when Town Councils would be made re- sponsible for the proviston of work for unemployed citizens. He had received letters from Leeds and other places favourable to the opening of bureaux but a communication from Liverpoolj stated that the bttrea,n in that city hatl never been used by trade unionists.

The resolution was carried, but a munber of members abstained from voting. The CHAIRMAN narrated his experiences of distress in Orford Ward whilst canvassing for Councillor Stott and pointed out that bribery would be easy under such circumstances as he visited people whose votes could have been obtained fora two-pound loaf. He suggested that the proposition in regard to the labour bureau should be o.nitted from the resolution and that the Corporation be asked to provide work for the un- employed. _ _ _

Ultimately this course was agreed to. THE LABOUR REPRESENTATION COMMITTEE. Mr BUCKLEY reported that the annual meeting of this committee had been held. There was about Is. deficit on the year's working and he considered this very satisfactory as the committee had had to do a great deal of work and had only had a small amount at their disposal. The ele3tion of °slicers resulted as follows:—President. Councillor Stott; vice-president, Mr. Plumb; secretary, Mr. Buckley; treasurer. Mr. Kendrick; executive, the officials and Mr. Edgar (cabinet-makers).

===== 0002601_19040116_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
"JERRY BUILDING" AND RHEUMATISM.

In summer you walked past a field of corn. To-day that same field has given place to a row of houses. People live in them.. They must livesomewhere ! How about the damp from ground and clouds? Does jerry building Increase rheumatism? If not how do you account for the increase of rheumatism in recenryears? Rheumatism is just now gripping thousands of workers. Are you one of its victims? If so whether you've got it through a damp house, a damp bed, or through the recent damp weather, doesn't matter so much as how you can get rid of it. Chas. Forde's bile beans will rid you of it sooner than anything. Mr. Hy. PGole, of 1, Vicarage-road, Watford (Herts.), first felt the pains of rheumatism in his shoulder. Then it went to his hips and the lower part of his back. It made him only able to walk a few yards even with the aid of a crutch. He couldn't sit down to his meals; but actually had to kneel on the floor and have his plate placed on a chair or a sofa. He consulted four differ- ent doctors and went to different hospitals, but got no relief.

He next went to Buxton for special treatment; and there met an old man who told him to try bile beans instead of the special treatment. It didn't sound promising. Nevertheless he tried bile beans, and tried and tried again, until he noticed an improvement. "In a few weeks," he says, "1 was better than I had been for a long time, and wasable to get about without, pain. So I persevered with bile be4ns until I was per- fectly cured. I have put my crutch away now and am walkingablut as well as ever T did in my life." Chas. Forde's bile beans are obtainable from all medicine vendors, but don't take any other preparations offered you as " just as good." No such prep iration has yet been discovered.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

OLD FOLK'S Tat:Arr.—The 17th annual treat prombted by the Penketh, Sankey and District Old People's Treat, and Relief Committee was held in the Wesleyan school on Friday last. The good work done by the above body is well known in the district. It is sup- ported by public subscription, and the donors have the satisfaction of knowing they have helped to brighten the lives of the aged and needy. The room was gaily decorated, and punctually at 6.30 the party numbering 105 sat down to the substantial tea. Many thanks are due to the following ladies who worked so well in cutting up and preparing the repast, namely: Mesdames Ambler,Owen,lVlurray, Mellor, Dumbell, Mostyn, Moores, Taylor and Misses Gilbertand Mainley. The wants of the guestsl were attended to by a willing band of waiters. After tea an entertainment was held. At the outset a cinematograph display was given the operator being Mr. McAlpine„of Widnes. The pictures were varied, and some of theca very amusing, as wts in- stanced by the frequent peals of laughterlfrom the audi- ence. Mi.. S. Aukland, of Warrington, was very much appreciated in his two concertina selections and later in a humorous song. Mr. F. Jefferson sang two songs Mr. Alan Watson,a well-known local hurnourist,was very successful in his two turns, and :Mr. iy. Kendrick offici- atedas accompanist. At the conclusion the Chairman, Mr. T. Ambler, addressed the meeting, and said that he greatly regretted the absence of Mr. George Thomp- son, the chairman of the committee,i through illness. vote of happy year." Dr. T. A. Murrayhanks to the Mr. Thompson took a deep interest n the movement, and he was sure they all wished him a speedy recovery to health. He was pleased to see so many present, and on behalf of himself and the committee, he wished d rhreanly moved a led "a artistes, and the ladies for their services—a proposition which was heartily approved of by 141 e gathering. After the concert, supper was partaken of, and on leaving each lady received a parcel containing, tea, coffee, and sugar, and each man, a package of tobacco and a pipe. Those who were unable to be present from any cause, had their gifts Laken to them afterwards. The gather- ing was a highly saccpssful one, and the committee deserve much credit for their arrangements. The IHle.slesrrsllaGnde,eirVg.e Thompson Taylor, H. followingoh ai r(chairman) an)N,v were eTr.e sAmblerponsi W. b,l Mainley, A. Mellor, R. Routledge (treasurer) and R. W. Houghton (hon. sec.)

===== 0002601_19040116_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING OP THE PARISH COUNCIL.

The Penketh Parish Council met in the Wesleyan school, on Tuesday evening,when there were present—Dr.Murray (in the chair), Messrs. J. S. Snoddy, J. G. Withinsha.w, John Midwood, and C. E. Parker, and the Clerk (Mr. E Foster.)

THE LIGHTING OF THE VILLAGE. A deputation reported that three lamps had been erected in nuerdley-road, Stocks-lane, and one in Grey- stone-road,and also that N 0.3 Kern incandescent burners had been affixed to every lamp in the village, and were a great improvement. MR. DODDS-RESIGNS FROM THE EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

The Clerk read the following letter, from Mr. James Dodds :—"Penketh House, near Warrington. Lancashire Education Committee, Local Sub-committee's District. Dear Sir,—l have had reluctantly to resign the position of a member of this sub-committee, as I find it quite impossible to attend the meetings at Earlestown on Thursday afternoons, having almost invariably im- portant business engagements on that day of the week. I have advised the Director of Education at Preston of my decision, and he will doubtless advise you. It was kind of the Council to nominate me, and I much regret to be unable to honour the nomination for the required period." The Chairman remarked. they would probably have forgotton that the gentleman recommended for election would have to serve on the Penketh Infants' School Management Committee, in Mr. Dodds's place. Mr. Withenshaw proposed the Chairman. Mr. Parker seconded, saying that he did not think there was any one better for the position as Dr. 'Murray had alwa3s taken a great interest in education. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman said he would consent, but said he thought they might find some one better. Upon being put to the meeting. it was unanimously resolved to recommend Mr. Murray to the County Council to fill the vacancy occasioned by the resigna- tion of Mr. Dodds. _ THE LAMPLIGHTER'S WAGES.

Mr. Midwood brought up the question of the Peuketh lamplighter's wages. He said that eight years ago the lighter had nine lamps in his care for which he received is. per week. A little later his salary was increased to 10s.. and now, in 1904, when he had nineteen lamps to light he only received the last mentioned sum. His duties took him about eighteen hours per week. On that scale he Mr. Midwood contended, that he should receive 14s. per week. The Chairman proposed an Licrease of 2s. 6d. per week.

Mr. Parker seuonded, and it was decided to recom- mend the increase to the District Council.

SPECIAL TICKETS, EYIBRACING LOUAL TOURS IN CORNWALL AKE HAND AL' TI PRINCIPAL STATIONS. BOOKLET GIVING ALL PARTICULARS NOw READY.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUTURE OF THE GRAMMAR SCHOOL.

Co-ordination of Higher Education in Warrington.

Important proposals affecting the future position of title IVarrington Grammar School will shortly engage the attention of the Warrington Education Committee. At a recent meeting of the School Management sub- committee the following correspondence was submitted:— Board of Education. South Kensington, London S.W., 14th December, 1903. Sir,—l am directed to enclose, for your information, a copy of a letter addressed to this Board by the Clerk to the Governors of the Warrington Grammar School, together with a copy of the Board's reply thereto. An application for the inspection of the school under section 3 of the Board of Education Act, 1899, has been received from the Governors, and the inspection will be held as early as is practicable in the ensuing term. The Board would be glad to be infqrmed whether the Local Education Authority have yet formulated any scheme under section 2 of the Education Act, 1902, for the supply of education higher than elementary and the co-ordination of all forms of education within their area, or have taken any steps towards carrying out the duties imposed upon them by that section. It appears to the Board to be desirable, with a view to the con- sultation referred to in the sections that one of their officers should meet the Local Education Authority or representatiVes of that body, before the inspection of the Grammar school takes place, in ().der to discuss, in an informal manner, the general proposals of the Auth- ority in regard to secondary education, with special 'reference to the future position of the Grammar school, *hich must necessarily fill an important place in any icheme of co-ordination for the Borough. If this proposal meets with the approval of the Local Education Authority, the Board will instruct Mr. A. Cardevv, one of their Senior Examiners, to visit War- rington at an early date after Christmas in order to hold the proposed conference, and I am. to enquire whether Thursday, the 21st January,would be a conveni- ent day for the purpose. I am, Sir, Your obedient Servant, (Signed) W. N.BRUCE. The Director of Education, Technical Institute, Warrington. (Copy of letters referred to in foregoing letter). Market Place, Warrington. 9th October, 1903.

R,3 WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL:

Sir,—faM instructed by the Governors of the War- rington Grammar school to write you with reference to the present position and future administration of the school. The school is an old established one but, owing to the fact that Warrington has become such a large manu- facturing town, and to the changes brought about by the Education Act and from other causes, the circum- stances of the school have considerably altered; and the Governors are of opinion that the timp has arrived when something must be done to strengthen the posi- tion of the school. _ _ _

If its present efficient condition is to be maintained its financial position must be enquired into and re- adjusted. In former years the school was a boarding school, but now owing to the situation of the sehool buildings in the midst of works and in apoor quarter of the town, parents will not send their boys as boarders, and the number of scholars atten,ling the school is consequently not growing. The Warrington Corporation too, have recently erected a very large school for technical and secondat7.l education purposes, and it is feared that this will in the future compete with 'the Grammar school. Under these circumstances, the Governors, at a meet- ing yesterday, wished me to suggest to you that the school should be inspected by one of your officials with a view to advising the Governors what course to adopt. If you would kindly send someone to Warrington, I will ask the headmaster to meet him, and will after- wards make arrangements for a meeting of the Govern- ing Body to receive his report. am, etc. (Signed)'VEßE B. DAVIES, Law Clerk and Receiver to the Governors of the Warrington Grammar school. The Secretary, Board of Education, South Kensington, LONDON, S.W. Board of Education South Kensington, S. W. 4th November, 1903.

Lancs. Warrington, Grammar school, E. E. 29801. Sir,—Adverting to your letters of the Bth ultimo and 2nd instant, lam dicected to say that the Board will gladly give the Governors all the assistance in their power in their task of adapting the school to the al- tered educational conditions of the locality. The Board feel, however, that they cannot usefully advise the Governors as to the future conduct of the school and the place which it should take in the general scheme of education in the Borough until they are in possession of that wider knowledge of its present work, aims, and organization which can be given only by an inspection under section 3 of the Board of Education Act,1899. The conditions under which these inspections are

===== 0002601_19040116_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
."U

===== 0002601_19040116_art0135.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
stli!mum

===== 0002601_19040116_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
NO 41: Lirg- _ _ _ _

SALE

'JOHN Ltd 106 Brook Manchester :st. Mills,

===== 0002601_19040116_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Founder of the Glories of Chatsworth.—ln olden times a royal visit not nfrequently ruKint ruin to the host, but though the Duke of Devonshire must have expended a very large sum in entertaining the King and Queen at Chatsworth, it is not likely to involve his Grace in financial embarrassment. The Cavendishes owe net a little of their great wealth to the famous "Bess Hardwick," who was married four times and acquired additional wealth with each of her husbands. It was her husband the Earl of Shrewsbury who was the gaoler of Mary, Queen of Scots, who was imprisoned for thirteen years at Chatsworth. The several seats of the Cavendishes also had their origin in the ambition Which "Bess Hardwick "had for building. She be- lieved a fortune-teller, who said she would die when she left off building. So she went on building until she was ninety, and then justified the prophecy, as during a hard frost in the winter of 1607, when all building operations were stopped, she died. A Famous Society Resort.—The presence of radium in the medicinal springs at Bath may possibly revive the social glories of the famouslcity, which gives its name to a brick, a bun, a chair, and, as the unutterable purists might add,atowel. At one time Bath was the rendez- vous of all that was fashionable in society—gay with beaux, and belles, who congregated there to take the waters, to gossip and shew off their fine airs and clothes. But though society has found othercentres of attraction, the beautiful city remains, and is steadily increasing in favour as a residential district for the well-to-do, and wealthy classes. It is quite possible however that the discovery al radium in its waters will add to the attractions of the city, as a health resort. It is true no doubt that radium has al ways been there, but no one knows as yet as to what medicinal uses it may be put under new methods of application or treatment. In Memory of Joan of Arc.—The story of the heroic Maid of Orleans has al says appealed to the admiration of the people of this country, and it is therefore inter- est,ing to learn that after nearly five centuries, she is to have the full recognition of the Roman Catholic Church, and to be beatified and canonised. Born in, tor about ,the year 1410, she was not much more than twenty years old, when she suffered death at the stake at Rouen in 1431, ostensibly on the charge of heresy, but in reality because her enemies feared her. History is not very reliable in apportioning the blame. but her death was disgrac ful to everyone concerned in it, and not least to the English who permitted her to be burnt at the stake. The name Joan of Arc will however always be honored by the people of this country, and it is gratifying that her memory is to be perpetuated by the ceremonies at Rome. Leap Year Proposals.—This being leap year—the first one for eight years—women are supposed to enjoy the privilege of making matrimonial proposals. It is a very ancient privilege, and dates so far back that its origin is lost in the misty records of the past. Possibly it was regarded more seriously in the old romantic days than it is now, as we are told by former writers that it was not gentlemanly for a man to treat a proposal with slight or contumely. If he refused it he was in honour bound to buy the lady a new silk dress. The Silk Gown of Olden Times.—The silk dress of olden times used commonly to pass, with the necessary alterations from mother to daughter. This was at least the case amongst the non-wealthy classes, and in aristocratic families, the silk gowns all found their way through the upper servants to a lower strata of society, and no doubt ultimately attained the same hereditary rank. But in these days of adulteration, and of cheap and shoddy imitations, the silk dress does not last so long, and one of the medical journals in discussing this subject, rejoices over the fact that it quickly wears out. It has not the time, it says, to collect the host of microbes that must hare existed in the old hereditary silk dress, before it finally became dissolved in nothing- ness.

Dame Fashion declares for the Japanesc.—Dame Fashion is always running after the soldiers, and when a war breaks out she invariably bedecks herself with some distinctive article or emtilern of the national garb of the party she is in love with. It was that splendid hero in war, Garibaldi, from whom we adopted the "Garibaldi "—a forerunner of the blouse—which was at one time in almost universal wear in this coun- try. Fashions of military vogue were also prevalent in the days of the Napoleonic and Crimean wars, and we all remember how the colour and fabric of Khalei sprang Into favour on the outbreak of the wax in South Africa. It is therefore not surprising to find Dame Fashion turning her attention to the dainty fashions of Japan.. Japanese buttons and embroideries are being largely used for the ornamentation of gowns and coats. Tea _jackets, and lounge coats of figured Japanese silks are also in :great request, whilst the convenient Rimono pattern is being adopted for evenink cloaks more mid more. It is much too early to be thinking of sun- shades, or else the Japanese sunshade would be, and may be yet, Dames Fashion's chosenemblem for shewing her sympathy for the little Island Kingdom. Children's Parties.—The leading form of entertain- ment at children's parties is dancing, the Christmas tree, conjuring, thought-reading, and threatricals be- ing quite out of favour for these particular entertain- ments. Another tendency, and one in the right direc- tion, is to provide a much more simple array of refresh- ments than has been the case during the past two or three seasons. In the matter of dress however, the idea is all towards elaboration and extravagance, and Party frocks for the girls are a serious item nowadays. The softest voiles, Japanese silks, and silk muslins, are tucked, and inlet and flounced with beautiful lace, to such a degree that they are little less costlythan the " grown no's" ivn. The notion of taking a large Party of little folks to the pantomime is this year con- spicuous by its absence. Last year, many Sociefy hostesses preferred to entertain their little guests in this manner, but possibly they found the responsibility of looking after their flock a heavy one, and there is some idea that the Chicago fire has something to do With the present disinclination to take a large party of children to the theatre.

The Velvet Costume.—kt the many smart weddings that have taken place lately, velvet has been the fabric most in evidence, and in the amethyst, and sage green tints. Rich Imperial purple has also been selected on several occasions, but it should be carefully seen to that the complex ion will stand the proximity of this sometimes very trying shade. For those who cannot afford the luxury of an entire velvet gown, there re- mains the cloth costume, trimmed with velvet. The prevailing mode is to trim dark cloth with velvet of a very much lighter shade, and surround it with cord or braid. _ _

MAD GE.

A pathetic story was told at Durham on Wednesday at an inquest held in the County. Hospital on Emily MgLaughlin, the five-years-old daughter of a Kimbles- worth miner. The poor child died on Sunday from burns received through her pinafore being ignited, as, in the absence of her mother, she bent over the fire to show some other children "where Santa Claus came clown." The coroner referred to the pathetic feature in the case that the child believed in the pretty poetic fiction about "Santa Claus," and lost per life through it. The jury found a verdict of accidental death. •

No _Breakfast Table complete without

===== 0002601_19040116_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
E PS'S

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

COCOA

The Most Nutritious and Economical.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

THE winter sales are one of the golden opportunities not only for that insatiable individual, the bargain-hunter, but for all those who are anxious to replenish the con- tents of their wardrobe so as to bridge the hiatus between the winter and the early spring fashions. Indeed this is with many people the time to which they look forward as the most suitable for acquiring furs for, in- deed, we nowadays do not have much frost or snow until January, when the cold seems to strengthen as the days lengthen. Very often one can pick up real bargains in furs at these winter sales,for many firms are anxious to get rid of their winter stock in order to make room

• ~.-----,Th.,„1; ' CraN wiP7'..' 11'J ... 0 ; A tiff sit -, ~,, '#/i.t ..,i hi , 74 ,

===== 0002601_19040116_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
A FUR COAT.

for daintier goods. Fur coats are perhaps amongst the most tempting of the" reduced" articles and are, generally speaking, a very good and safe investment provided all that is very [pronounced in regard to style is avoided as it dates itself and will therefore soon re- quire alteration, the consequent outlay adding to its original cost and nullifying any pretensions it might have had to being a real bargain. Moleskin was one of the furs which was most !fashionable at the beginning of the season, but has been so closely imitated in plush that the exclusiveness consequent on its costliness is gone and it is included among the many short - lived fleeting fancies of fashion.

The fur coat illustrated is of the 'blouse shape and is made of soft black caracul with a shaped yoke which is extended across the shoulders and for a short distance down the upper part of the arms, of stitched and tucked black satin. A crossed banded collar em- broidered in gold gives a finish to the neck, and from the lower part of it a handsome jabot of coffee-coloured lace falls to the waist. The cuffs are also of satin embroider- ed in the same dull gold as the collar. The style of the coat is decidedly modish and up- to-date and also recommends itself as offer- ing a good hint for the remodelling of a last

it. ~ il - Plitt el ' \...1,5.•-• 1 * e do./ 7.!.....;,..4!. :.. L , - / P

\-- .

. 44 .c' •• • ar4_;r,""

.1

)

===== 0002601_19040116_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
KATING COSTUME,

year's coat, which possibly boasted a deep collar and bell-shaped sleeves. By removing the collar and substituting the satin yoke for that of fur and adding the deep gauntlet cuffs, together with the embroidered collar, and introducing a touch of lace, a startling trans- formation and improvement could be brought about in a garment which had no other claims to fashion. There are lengths of lace both piece and insertion which it is always wise to secure provided the, price is really reduced, as they will be found invaluable throughout the ensuing months as their uses are too numerou to mention. Lengths also of brocaded satin or flowered chine silk in some of the quaint blurred patterns with which we are so familiar make up into dinner or theatre blouses, or if there is not sufficient material, into fascinating little coats for wear over an embroidered or lace vest. These dainty 'little coats are gener- ally WOlll with a deep swathed waist band, and elbow sleeves while the fronts are left open. The pretty skating costume sketched is of a warm tone of brown made with a deep yoke and front of velvet of the same colour, while a row of gold buttons finish the front. It is worn with a brown fur toque trimmed with a chou of orange-coloured chiffon and an osprey. The skirt is cut rather short to allow of free- dom of movement and has inserted pleats at the hem at each seam to give it sufficient

A SMART HAT.

spring. There is a touch of orange velvet in the collar band (with which is worn an em- broidered turn-over collar) and at the waist. Much of the success cf the toilette depends on the selection of colours which contrast in a pleasing and artistic fashion as it is not every tone of beaver which may be placed next to orange with success. A gown and hat like this are not necessarily confined to skating only, for nothing could be smarter for a walk- ing toilette worn perhaps with some nice furs. Of course, if one can afford a costume to be used solely for skating then I would suggest hav:ng the skirt cut a' little shorter and edged with brown fur, which could also be intro- duced on the bodice and sleeves. A smart hat, such as is given in my third sketch, could be,substituted for the fur toque if •desired, for the Marquise or tricorn shape in felt is much and well worn this season in any colour. The hat sketched is of brown felt trimmed with gold cord, while the crown is swathed with silk to match the hat and a stiff military aigrette in brown and gold gives an undoubt- edly smart effect. It is unfortunate that the increase in the popularity of this shape of hat is.sure to bring its banishment from the ward- robers of the leades of fashion for it is a style which proves becoming to a great number of laces au' has a smartness all its own. C02u5218,1

lele • V\ll,/,/ 2 i L ...---...... , h \,_-,-, -- cx--; , • i --____------ - • .. . ,:7 -7 ~ • , „ , /, ;.•'' - 7 / • _//, , ,

===== 0002601_19040116_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 16, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

11re monthly meeting of this Board was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday afternoon, under the presidency of Mr. Joseph Stokes. There were also pre- sent :-114essrs. A. R. Norman' S. Woodward, T. Wright, J. Edwards, E. Clarke, T. Woods, J. Mounlield, S. Taylor, C. E. Linaker, T. Lea, T. Baxter, T. Lewis, J. Spruce, G. Pilling, J. L. Jones, T. Bolslaaw, T. Darling- ton, W. H. Bradford, E. Bretherton, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. R. Hough (assistant clerk), I'. Cooke, I'. Riley, and W. De Prez (relieving officers),and J. Cunnah (workhouse master).

PROPOSED ALTERATION IN TIIE TIME or MEETING.

_ Mr. Norman said it bad occurred to many of them that there was a great waste of time between luncheon and the hour of the 'clock meeting. That day they finished lunch at one o clock or immediately after, and they were waiting until two o'clock before they could proceed with the business. While they were anxious to do justice to the work they did not want to waste any time. He gave notice that at the next meeting he would move that the Board meetings be held at 1.30, and the meetings of the Relief Supervision Committee at one o'clock.

TUN DISTRICT AUDITOR.

A letter was ;•-e;a.; from the Local Government Board certifying th appointment of Mr. F. M. Adams as dis- trict auditor for the Cheshire audit district.

THE BOARD'S SUBSCRIPTION TO CONVALESCENT HOMES.

The clerk reported that in accordance with the in- struction given at the last meeting he had made in- quiries respecting certain convalescent homes in the vicinity of the union. He ascertained that the amounts of subscriptions required to enable the board to send patients to the institutions were as follows :—South- port convalescent home, 33s for three weeks' main- tenance; Devonshire hospital, Buxton, 21s. annual sub- scription for each patient up to five, beyond that number casual subscription of £2 12s 6d, per patient ; Liver- pool convalescent institution, Woolton :—West Derby subscribe £25 per annum and pay 15s per head per fort- night ; Parkgate convalescent home authorties did not Mr. ;.Woodward alluded to the Buxton institution reply. and asked if the Board could send patients on the terms specified if they did not become regular subscribers. The Clerk: lam not prepared to say definitely, but I should not think so.

Mr. Cunnah said that when patients were sect now recommendations had to be obtained. The Chairman: it was stated at the last meeting that we ought to subscribe to some institution in order to establish our right. Mr. Pilling said he believed the Warrington Union subscribed three guineas to the Buxton hospital and they were entitled to send two or three patients with- out any further cost. The home was intended princi- pally for those suffering from rheumatism and similar ailments. _ _

Mr. Edwards proposed that the Board sehd a subscrip- tion of one guinea. Mr. Woodward moved an amendment that two guineas be subscribed. It would, he said, be to the interests of the Board to become subscribers, as they would then need no recommendations and patients requiring treat- ment could be sent to the institution at once. Mr. Mountield seconded. _

Mr. Eciwa—rifs wi-cire-N-‘• his motion and the proposal to subsoribe two guineas was unanimously agreed to.

STOCKTOi HEATH'S REPRESENTATION.

_ The Clerk of the County Council wrote in reference to the application of the Rural District Council for an order alteriag the number of rural councillors for the parish of Stockton Heath, asking whetlacir the matter had received the consideration and approval of the Board of Guardians. _ _ _

The Clerk said the matter had not been before the Board but it had been discussed by the District Council who recommended the increased representation. Mr. Mounfleld moved that the Board signify their approval of the proposed alteration.

• "Mr. Pilling seConCled. Mr. Woodward said the matter was really one for the Runcorn guardians to consider as the other members of the Board .were else members of the District Council which had agreed to the scheme. The proposition was carried. PARLIAMENTARY COMMITTEE'S DECISIONSL_

The -di;;:C;:ei;rt-e-ci-t,"lud at a meeting of the Parlia- mentary Committee it was decided to support the reso- lution of the Cockermouth Union urging the Local Government Board to introduce legislation extending the power of Guardians to enable them to recover in certain cases the cost of relief rendered necessary through immorality and to detain persons in the Workhouse in certain cases. Letters from the Staine's Union and the State Children's Association, with reference to vagrancy and the bringing up of children as paupers were discussed and it was agreed to support them. It was resolved that a letter from the Kensington Union with respect to the detention of feeble-minded persons in the Workhouse lie on the table. A letter asking the Board to pass a resolution urging the Local Government Board to promote legis- lation ,making mothers of girls of sixteen Bailie to prosecution for neglect in certain cases not at present provided for was considered but the committee could not see their way to support it.

The decisions wen c-onfirinid. FINANCIAL.

Mr. Woodward in moving the adoption of tlui minutes of the Finance Committee, said the payments for the month included the following for out-relief:— Mr. Cook, £80; Mr. Riley £24 ;Mr. de Prez, £3O. The vaccination accounts for the quarter had bean received, the sums being: Dr. McDougall, .239 18s. 6d,; Dr. Carruthers, £3 15s. 6d.; Dr. Burton, £l4 17s. ; Dr. Bower, £l7 ss. 6d. ; Mr. Cook, £lO 12s. 4d,: Mr, Riley, £4 9s. 2d. e Mr. de Prez, £5 4s. 2d.; total £96 2s. 2d., as compared with £97 4s. 11d, for the corresponding quarter last year. The County Asylum account amounted to £389 us. 3d. which was about normal. The total payments were £686 15s. The balance in hand last month was £1978 10s. 3d., and the receipts amounted to £404 6s. 10d., leaving a balance available of £1696 2s. id. The actual balance in the treasurer's hands was £B9 105./4d. more than that as some cheques had not been presented. The report was adopted.

DEFAULTING TOWNSHIPS,

Mr. Woodward'ldii—tii;i:i; were still three defaulting townships in the matter of the calls due last November. Acton Grange owed £79; Moore, £93 ; and Sevelioaks, £2O. He moved that another demand for payment be made upon the overseers. This was agreed to. At a later stage of the meeting Mr. Woodward said he was informed that last year Sevenoaks failed to pay the May call until September. The amounts for May and tAugust were paid together. He thought it was becom- ing a serious matter and he felt it his duty to report the case specially. He understood that repeated applica- tions were made to the overseer last year, and a threat had to be used. It was a serious matter that a public official should be so dilatory in collecting and forward- ing the money to the treasurer. SCNREET FEVER IN THE HOUSE.-PROMPT ACTION Ey

THE MASTER.

Mr. Wood presented the minutes of the House Com- mittee which stated that two cases of scarlet fever had occurred in the Workhouse. Both, however, were of a mild character and the patients were progressing favour- ably. The committee tendered their thants to Mr. James Taylor, Heathercliffe, Helsby, for a gift of .£5 sent to provide an extra treat for the old people and children. The number of vagrants admitted to the House during the month was 143 against 129 for the same period last year. The resignation of Nurse Rea had been a epted and it was decided to apply to the Northern Workhouse Nursing Association for a successor, :the remuneration being £3O per annum with uniform &c. The Clerk was also instructed to give tS'urse Rea a testimonial.

The Chairman said great credit was due to the master and matron for the energetic steps taken to prevent the spread of scarlet fever in the institution. • The minutes were approved.

ELASTIC STOCKINGS, KNEE CAC., ft.—For Varicose Veins and all eases of Weakness and Swelling of the Legs Sprains. Au. They are porous, tight in texture, and inex- pensive and are drawn on like an ordinary stocking.—Prioes, 4s 6d, 7e 6d, and 104 6d, each. Postage free.—WHITE AND WRIGHT. Burgled Instrument and Truss Makers- 98. Renshaw street. Liverpool —Ad^

CLARKE'S 35 41 PILLS are warmi.z., to cure, tit sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. ed. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. Tbe Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.—

FLOBILINE :—YoB THE TEETH AISD4OREATB,-Thoroughy cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prev...nts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price ?s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar for the Floriline "Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers.— dtt VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE 41A111,-11 your hair Is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN Hata RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, trey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as we las promoting the giowth. Price as 6d rer bottle.—Adst• To IdeTimis.—tdrs. Wins low's SoothinefilyruP has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their zhildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the rcorsufferer immeciiateiy. It is pleasant to taste ; and producessnatural orfet sleep, oy relieving the child from pair, and the little uherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of all CliPmista 10 led PA, bottle. .Advt.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
TIRED MIEN.

When p.m are tired of taking mysterious prescriptionssand weary of wearing Electri2 Belts, write tome, and I will send you a Book, which shows how every man, young and old, may be quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOUSNESS. BXHAUSTION, VARICOCELE, and DEBILITY, from any cause whatever. WITHOUT STOMACH MEDICINE, or ELECTRICITY. Hunetreds of cures. Book sent sealed,post free, for two stampa.—A. J. LEIGH, 92 onel 93,Great Russell St., London, W.C. Over seventeen years successful results.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
SISTERINE.

QUPPLIBD TO ROYALTY,—Absolute Cure for Indiges- -1.7 tion. Constipstion, Flatulenoe,and Gastritis. manuNe. Lured specially by Sister Whawell. Hundreds of testimonials. Gives speedy relief. Send for a bottle. Sold at all Chemists —is lid and 24 9d.—or alma WHAWELL, Hallaw,Woroester. London Agent MAY, ROBERTO & CO.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
_aionly ex- - to equal it. Of all Chemists at home and abroad. Refuse the many substitutes offered. Price, 91(1-1/1i, 29.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
5h777-11:5

CURES when all other Remedies fail

===== 0002601_19040116_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC

RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions.

It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes 1/11. of all Chemists. BEETHAM & sop, Chemists, CHELTEMA

Never be without a Box of

THE NEW YEAR MOTTO,

===== 0002601_19040116_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
BEEeI-111M'S PILLS

for

"YOU NEVER KNOW YOUR Lueic."

DO YOU WANT £5

5 ; o?

This Competition will Close on January 31st.

Address:—AdVertising Department,

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE

OF GOUT ANIS_ RHEUMATISM. IBY

EADE'S PILLS.

NOTHING TO EQUAL THEM 2 t

AFTER TWO PILLS SHE FELT BAstlili

26, Rutland-street. Brompton-road, S.W. April 26th. 1902.

Sir,—l feel bound to write and state my. wife's ease. She was taken very ill with gout some weeks ago, arid was in bed, not being able to put her foot to the ground. I made up my mind to try your Pills, and Rave her two. After a few hours she felt easier. She took one more in the after- noon, and I was surprised to find her up from bed when I sine borne in the evenin3. Intwo or three days shellwas lite Well again. 906 Yours truly, A. FO111:11„ EADE'S GOUT PILLS

Are pertectiy sate in their action, eliminate all in rt of matter. and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere In bottles. Is. lFi. and 2a. 9d., or sent post free for stemps or P.O. by the proprietor ' GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell-road. London.

EADE'S GOUT & R

PICTURE FRAME,

The Proprietor of BEECHAM'S PILLS will present this amount to any correspondent who suggests the most suitable Beecham's Pills advertisement (either word-picture or illustration) on the expression "YOU NEVER KNOW YOUR LUCK."

Each person has an equal chance, as it is not necessary for the idea to be shown in drawing,--a simple description will suffice.

BEECHAM'S PILLS, ST. HELENS, LANC.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

^F GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

130, Holmley-terrace, Drontleld, Ne. Sheffield, October 23rd, 1902,

Your truly, JAME 3 BROWES.

EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are p3rlectly afife in their action, elirnin‘te all injariuti matter, and are highly reetorativA. - - - -

Dear Sir,—l am sending you my testimonial for your Piifs I think they are the finest things in the world, and have received great betefit from taking them. I have also recom- mended them to all my friends, who have been greatly relieved by them. I shall continue to take your Pills when necessary, and will recommend therh whenever I can. have tried Reveral others, bat have not found any to:Zequal yours. _

Sold everywhere in Bottles. is. lid. and 25. 9d.„ or sent post free for stamps or P.O. hr the Proprietor GEORGE RADII, 232, Goswell-road. London.

EUMATIC PILLS.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regi'ding a Speciality. Largest of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BOOK. 160 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps.

IMPORTERsOF GLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FREE ON APPLICATION. MORELL, 17 aqd 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LoNooti, W.C. Warehouses : 11, 12:and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street, (in the rear). Telegraphic Address: —l' Rabbitry, London." Telephone 6135 Central.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

and we. find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used but COCKLE'S PILLS as tested by many thousands of persons, and fund to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

eeeKLE'S FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER ACID

TY, INDIGESTION, &c.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NRW FRENCH REMEDY.

R tHEAPION. his successful and highly ITSopular iltemedy, as em- ployod in the Continental Hospitals by tileord Hostanjobert Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots,blotches, pains and swelling of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary disease-strictur discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheumatism,gout sleeplessness.nervous and physical exhaustion,etc. Therspion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2 and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars sendistamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to

. MR. It:JOHNSON 43, HOLFORD-SQUARE,) LONDO

===== 0002601_19040116_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
ANZss urpil COUGH SPECIFIC.

For Coughs, Colds and Lung Complaints. Gives instant relief and cer- tain care. Pieasant to take, tilgtuy recommeuaea by the medical profession. Prepared by GEO HARDY, late of the Bromptoa Hospital. Price Is lid, 2s 9d,41 6d, lie, of all Chemists, or post free. HARDY'S BROMpTON CorEDI LOzENGES, (the genuine), in boxes on;y, (never sold loose.) Hach lozenge stamped Hardy., Price is lid. Depot: 6, Gray's Inn road, W.O. (Hsablished nearly a century at Brompton.)

===== 0002601_19040116_art0154.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
414 t,

===== 0002601_19040116_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

Authors of letters intended for publication must inall cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible,not Later than Thursday.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
Passive Resistance.

Sir,—As it is once more becoming our painful duty, for conscience sake, to enter the arena. of conflict against the Education Act I shouldbe glad if you could allow me space to draw attention to the Passive Re- sistence League's advertisement appearing in this issue of your paper. And to add that the committee desire to urge the great importance of definite action in this matter, upon all who are in sympathy with the move- ment ; earnestly hoping that all such sympathisers will join the League either as passive resisters (if rate- payers) or associates (if non-ratepayers) and so strengthen both their own position, by mutual co- operation, and the protest which the League is deter- mined to maintain, in. concert with the hundreds of kindred associations throughout the country, so long as this unjust Act remains unaltered. Yours etc., on behalf of the committee,

WILLIAM CLATWORTHY (hon. sec.)

===== 0002601_19040116_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
Temperance work in Warrington.

.Sir,—Permit me to correct a mistake mad; by your c *rrespondent "Observer" in his letter on drunkenness in Warrington in your issue of Saturday last.He stated that with the exception of the WYcliffe Temperance Society there were no adult Temperance Societies in the town whose objectlwas to reclaim the drunknrd and save others from falling into the drink evil. Now sir there are geveral such societies meeting in this town that I. know of and probably Ido not know them all. There are two Good Templar Lodges, one at Ebenezer Church, Buttermarket, and one at Latchford Temperance Hall. Then there is the Bold-street Wesleyan Temparance Society, the Charles Garratt Temperance Society, which I amtold meets at Ellesmere-street, and several Rechabite tents in various parts of the town and the Warrington Temperance Federation now re-organised is holding public meetings in the various places of wor- ship throughout the town. These are a few I know of and "Observer" must observe that the Bands of Hope that are held in almost every place of worship in the town are supported by adults and have a very large adult membership and many of the total abstainers attribute their total abstinence to the education they received in the Band of Hope. Thus "Observer" 'will see that while Warrington is painted black enough with its drunkenness there are some in the town who are doing their utmost to reclaim these poor unfortunate beings whom he is so sad about and if he has their wel- fare at heart and thinks it his duty to do something to mend matters, I am sure that any of the above societies would only be too pleased to welcome him in their midst and find him a work to do to reclaim the fallen and save others from falling.—Yours Scc., MERLIN'.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
Alderman Heaton and ." Dirty Filthy

Jews."

Sir,—ln your paper of last Saturday I read that Alderman Heaton,in discussing the Markets Committee's report, made use of the above words—" Dirty filthy Jews."

As a shopkeeper in Warrington, I agree with him as to some of the goods sphl in the market to the detri- ment of the tradesmen in the town; but as an English- man and a citizen of Warrington, belonging to the Jewish race and religion, I wonder what his Worship the Mayor was thinking of when he allowed i such a remark as the above n the Council Chamber, without making the worthy Alderman retract his words which might have been in ignorance or prejudice. I was always of the opinion, that the Mayor was chosen to represent and protect the liberties of all sects and societies, when they are known to be lawful and loyal citizens. If the Jew and his religion are disliked by Alderman Heaton, I should like him to know that it was a Jew Lieutenant of the Lancashire Regiment -Lieutenant Raphwl of Spion Kop fame who was once a, member of the small Jewish community in Warring- ton. _ _ _

In justice to the few Jewish residents of Warrington I hope tkis will be the last time such offensive remarks concerning them will be heard in the Council Chamber. Thanking you in anticipation for inserting this letter, —Yours &c., _ _ _

I. GOLDSTONE.

January 11th, 1904. P.S.—Has not Alderman Heaton heard of a Jew Lord Mayor of London or Liverpool. and even Prime Minister of the party he belongs to?

Sir,—lt is reported that in discussing the minutes of the Markets Committee in the Council Chamber on Tuesday last, Alderman Heaton alluded to the " dirty, filthy Jews, with their dirty, filthy clothes." I would like to know why Alderman Heaton should make such a coarse, insulting and abusive statement about the Jews. I have made careful inquiry and I find there is not a single Jew in Warrington Market who sells second- hand clothes. There are, I believe, dirty and filthy • clothes sold, but they are sold by Alderman Heaton's own country people. Alderman Heaton might have taken the trouble to make sure of his facts before ven- turing to damage the reputation of apeople who are as anxious as he is about the health of the town.— Yours, &c.

B LOVE,

3, Dial-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Bridge.

Sir,—Since the fatal accident near the Warrington Bridge last year, I have often wondered when a move- ment would be made in some direction, either to widen the present bridge or construct a new one, and hearing about six weeks ago that the matter was to be brought before the Council, I wrote to the Town Clerk, asking him to get for me from the Engineer the quantities of iron and steel which would be required for the construc- tion of the proposed bridge 60,ft. wide including foot- paths, and the cost of same, and also the cost of canti- levers to be put to the present bridge. The estimated cost of the new bridge 60ft wide, including footpaths. is £17,789 10s., but since this estimate was made, I find that iron has droppd in price about £2 per ton, and as 473 tons are required in its construction, this quantity at £2 per ton, through iron being lower in price, will save £946 if built now, so that taking £916 from £17,789 10s., the present cost would only be £16,813 10s.. He also informs me that the original price for cantilever's with footpaths ift. 6in. wide, would be £3,017 10s., but if they are to.be made 10ft, wide and to carry certain pipes or mains which the Corporation now require. the Engineer states they will cost 50 per cent. more. This will give a cost of .d,571 ss. if the cantilevers required by the Corpora- tion are to be affixed to the present bridge, and if done doubt if a load of hay or a furniture van can pass the tramcars with safety, and I think it will be found very soon that the present bridge altered will not be wide enough. Then About £4,500 will have been wasted. From my experience I find that most cities and towns have under discussion the widening or re-construction of their bridges for the following reasons :—First, because most of them require two lines of trams, and room for vehicles to pass over the bridges at each side of these lines. Second, when the bridges were con- structed, engineers and authorities did not take into consideration that a bridge has to take all the traffic from the surrounding district. Take for instance War- rington. The main roads, Winwick-road, Manchester- road, and Liverpool road, converge at Warrington Bridge, for all the Midland and Southern Counties. When this matter is more carefully considered, I am under the impression that many, if not all of the Town Councillors who voted for the cantilevers to be affixed to the present bridge, will come to the conclusion that it will be unwise to spend four or five thousand pounds on cantilevers, when you can have a new bridge for sixteen to seventeen thousand pounds.

I have no doubt that the engmems can make pro- vision that, if at any future time the bridge which it is now proposed to build 60 ft. wide, should be found too narrow, the footpaths could be taken in for vehicular traffic. and cantilevers be attached at a very lowcost to carry footpaths say 10 ft. each. This would make a bridge giving 60 ft. for vehicular traffic and two foot- paths each of 10 ft., a total width of 80 ft. If this is done, Warrington will be able to boast of a Bridge second to none in Great Britain,—Yours Stc. EDWIN WOODS.

Latchford, January 13th. 1904. .. Relief for Macedonia.

Sir,—You were good enough a few weeks ago to allow me to call attention in your columns to the cry of distress and need which comes from the desolated and devastated people in Macedonia. With your kind permission T desire once again to remind your readers of this pitiable case, and to implore them to render generous help. The fund in Warrington, opened by the Mayor in response to the resolution of the town's meeting in Woveniber last, has, T regret to say, only realized a little over £7O. This has been .grievously disappoint- ing to those of us who are interested in this case, and we still hope that, now Christmas festivities and expenditures are over, it may be possible to secure some increased contributions before the local fund is closed. I only wish that your space, and the natience of your readers, would allow of some detailed information being given in this letter. That, however, is perhaps too much to ask. But it may be briefly stated that the Committee of the Macedonian Relief Fund in London basso far received, up to December 31,a sum of 219,021, and this mosey is being expended, by the hands of care- fully-accredited scents, in trying to mitigate the dis- tress of about 100,000 people, who are homeless and penniless in large districts of Macedonia. Let it be remembered that these are the survivors of hideous massacres which have been perpetrated by the soldiers of the Sultan. They have seen their men slaughtered, their women dishonoured. and their little ones thrown into the flames of their burning homes! They

have been able to escape with their own lives, but their dwellings have been destroyed and their farms ruined. They are absolutely homeless and helpless, and unless relief is furnished they will perish in large numbers of cold and want. _ _

The facts of the case are abundantly guaranteed by the most reliable authorities. Our Ambassador in Con- stantinople, Sir N. O'Conor, G.C.8., vouches for the statements made, and says" it is earnestly to be hoped that more ample funds will be subscribed." The Arch- bishop of Canterbury said in a letter to the "Times,' "I have no hesitation in saying that the Macedonian Relief Fund is, in my judgment, entitled to ask sup- nort from us all." The Bishops of London, Rochester Hereford, and Worcester have also appealed on its be- half. Leading Nonconformists have joined in com- mending the appeal. A new impetus has now been offered by the generous offer of an anonymous donor, that he will contribute £l,OOO to the fund, and Mr. Noel Buxton offers also £5OO, provided that the amount of £2:5,000 is raised by the last day of this present month. May I venture to hope that Warrington people will yet rally to this cause by additional subscriptions, so that the town's contribution may reach a more worthy total than a little over £7O ! Money can be paid either to the Boroueh Treasurer or to Parr's Bank, or to the Rector of Warrington, the Rev. Father Wilson Mr. Alderman Bennett, or to myself. Surely we can double this £7O? I earnestly beg every reader who scans these lines to render some personal help, and to endeavour to incite others to like generosity.—Yours, Scc. JOHN YONGE.

19, Wilson-Patten-street, January 13, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH GARDEN SOCIETY.

Mr. Vera B. Davies presided at the annual meeting of this society on Tuesday evening. There' was an encouraging attendance, among those present being:— Messrs. W. H. Woodcock, Plinston, Ryan, F. Timperley, A. Broady. F. Pearson, Vernon, W. A. Timperley, Hallows, Welsby, M. G. Hearne, Acton, and T. R. Westbrook (hon. treasurer).

ELECTION OF PR ES I D ENT.

Mr. W. H. Woodcock said he rose with great pleasure to propose that Mr. Vere B. Davies be re-elected presi- dent for the ensuing year. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Davies had taken very great interest in the garden society and it was a pity, now that they had interested him for one rear, if they did not do it for another. He was hoping for a good season and a good show in the autumn— .(hear, bear.)—and he was sure Mr. Davies would give them the same kindly support as he had given in the past. (Hear, hear). Mr. F. Pearson seconded.

Mr. Davies said it was understood last year that they were to have a new president this year. ("No' no.") Mr. Woodcock said when they were tired with the old one they would certainly propose a new one. (Laugh- ter.) . The proposition was carried with enthusiasm. The Chairman said he was exceedingly obliged to them. He certainly took the greatest possible interest in the society, and as they had re-electedhim president he would do his utmost to further the interests of the society. He certainly understood that they were to haven new president each year, but notwithstanding the fact that they had broken their own rule, he would have pleasure in taking the position..

THE SECRETARY'S REpORT. The Secretary (Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins) in his report stated that the past season had been for all lovers of horticulture an especially depressing and unsatisfactory one. For a young society it had been especially dis- heartening as not only was the whole season one of almost continuously wet and unseasonable weather, but the show day was ushered in by storm and rain whick continued during the whole day. Notwithstanding the adverse state of the weather they had every: reason on other considerations to congratulate the society. There was at the show and in the outdoor classes a marked increase in the entries and exhibits over 010 previous year. The entries for the outdoor classes for the year 1902 numbered 25. Those for the same classes for the season of 1903 numbered 37. In the entrieefor the show exhibits there was a more marked increase —indeed• an extraordinary increase—over that of the previous year. For the season 1902 the show exhibits numbered 56. Those for 1903 numbered 154. This result having regard to the inclemency of the season, spoke well for the vitality of the society. The membership for the year 1902 was 120, as against 102 for the year 1903. The thanks of the society were due to those who gave donations. Though few in number, their kindness was more appreciated. Mr. Plinston proposed that the report be adopted. and that Mr. Jenkins be thanked for his services. (Hear hear.) Mr. F. Timperley seconded, and the proposition was carried unanimously.

THE FINANC IA L STATEMENT. Mr. T. R. Westbrook (hon. treasurer) submitted the annual balance sheet. It appeared that the year com- menced with a balance in hand of .£8 17s. 3d, and a prize fund of £1 16s. Gd. in addition. At the close of the year the prize fund balance had been absorbed, and the balance in hand reduced to £3 10s. 7d.

This report was also adopted, on the proposition of Mr. Woodcock, seconded by Mr. Welsby.

RE-APPOINTMENT OF TREA.SURER.

Mr. Plinston proposed the re-election of Mr. T. R. Westbrook as treasurer of the society. No member,he said, had the interest of the society more at heart than Mr. Westbrook. A more agreeable and painstaking treasurer they could not have. (Hear,•hear.) Mr. Pearson seconded and coupled with the proposi- tion a voteof thanks to Mr. Westbrook for his past services, and it was unanimously agreed to.

RESIGNATION OF THE SECRETARY. Writing to Mr. T. R. Westbrook, Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins (hon. secretary to the society) said :—" I should be exceedingly obliged if the Society would appoint a young man to take the position of Secretary—someone who has more freedom in regard to time. My time is not my own and it is impossible for me to attend the meetings of the society as often as I should like al- though I have done my best to do so. lam sorry that lam obliged to ask the society to re:ieve me of the duties."

The resignation of Mr. Jenkins was accepted with regret. On the proposition of Mr. Hallows, seconded by Mr. Pearson, Mr. W. A. Timperley was unanimously appointed hon Secretary. THE COMMITTEE. Ten names were submitted for the seven vacancies on the committee. The following were appointed as the result of the voting Messrs. Woodcock, Plinston, Onslow, Ryan, Pearson, A. Broady and F. Timperley.

VICE-PRESIDENTS. Mr. Woodcock said the society had not previously elected vice-presidents, but by doing so they could show their good feelings towargis Mr. Jenkins and also recognise the assistance they nd had from two other gentlemen who had materially aided the work of the society,namely Mr. Leonard Davies and the Rev. H. V. Pigot. He therefore proposed that the Rev. H. V. Pigot,Mr. Leonard Davies and Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins be the vice-presidents. Mr. Plinston seconded and the proposition was agreed to.

-I\fr..Tenkins, in acknowledging the compliment, said he would continue to take the deepest interest in the society and do what he could for its welfare.

S UGC F,ST lONS. Mr. E. England wrote making several suggestions. He advocated the encouragement of cultivating flowers 41 boxes, as was the case at Liverpool and other places. Mr. Vernon made several suggestions for re-arranging the class list at the next show and stated that he had received anumber of promises for special prizes. Mr. Timperley thought the committee ought to fix a time limit for persons joining the society and not allow some to wait until the last minute before the show. Last year some competitors simply waited until the last moment to see what exhibits they had before they would speculate a shilling. The society did not want memly?rs of that kind. (Hear, hear.) He also thought a small inspection committee should be ap- pointed to visit gardens a few times before the judges went round. (Hear, hear). Mr. Woodcock stated that by the rules a member of the committee was unable to take more than three prizes. He thought no restriction of that kind should be enforced as it militated against the show. Mr. Acton proposed that therestrictions 'be withdrawn. This was agreed to. ,

===== 0002601_19040116_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
THIRD TEST MATCH.

Australians' Good Start.

, Century by Trumper.

ADELAIDE, FRIDAY.

The third test match between the M.C.C. eleven and Australia was begun this morning. The weather was warm, and there was a large crowd. The Australian team consisted of Noble, Howell, Trumper, Duff, Hop- kins, Kelly, Gregory., Trumble, Armstrond. ArLeod, and Hill, the emergency num being Gehrs. Reif, Strudwick, and Knight were omitted from the English`team. Australia won the toss, and a splendid start was made by Duff and Tramper both of whom scored freely. At the close of play the score was

AUSTRALIA. R. A. Duff, b Hirst V. Trumper. b Hirst ll3 C. Hill,c Lilley b Arnold BB M. A. Noble, not out S. E. Gregory, c Tyldesley b Arnold 8 A. J. Hopkins, b Bosanpuet W. W. Armstrong, lbw b Rhodes lO H. Trumble, not Jut 4 Extras

Total 355

IThe annual ball in aid of the funds of the Infirmary and Dispensary will be held at the Lion Hotel on Thursday, February 11th.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 16, 1904

collision and retired from the game. Boarchnaa also played for Lancashire and was successful in catching the eye Of the critics by sterling forward play.

The Works League proceeds apace, and a close fight is promised between Rylands and Locos. Oros- field's men are making a very poor show this season. The results to-date are P. W. L. D. F. A. I'. Rylands' L. & N. W. ,8 2 ... 0 ... 105 ... 18 ... 12 Walker's Cable Co. Crosfteld's Two points deducted for breach of rules.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football.

By " Ovalist."

Fifteen points to nil was the extent Warrington's victory on Siturdav when the Hull team were the visi- tors to Wilderspool. This is a good start for the new year, and augurs well for Warrington's progress in the league. They have been showing very good form of late and there was no question about their superiority over the East Riding men. Hull have generally suc- cumbed to Warrington, and as the latter captured two points on the Boulevard ground earlier in the season the result of Saturday's game was practically a fore- gone conclusion.

Hull have, for years; bceii styled the " all blacks," but the sombre-hued jersey has given place to one with broad blue and white bands,and the men were scarcely recognisable when they stepped into the . enclosure. The change of colours does not seem to have brought any luck for Hull can only point to six successes out of 18 games and one does not wonder that there is serious talk of running the sister code in the port. Fortunately the Rovers. are going strongly and maintaining a keen interest among their own supporters in the Northern Union game. The Hull men themselves seem to have lost heart and they played ia very slack fashion on Saturday. One could not help thinking that they had no 'hopes of winning the match, and therefore muddled through anyhow. It was, consequently a very disappointing game from a spectacular point of view.

Fish was again the hero of tho hour, and provided. numerous sensations which saved the game from absolute dullness. He was nearly a scorer in the first five minutes, Taylor just stopping him at the Corner. Hull resorted to off-side tactics to save . the line, and were promptly • penalised. Then followed sensation No. 1. Fish placed the bail and instead of kicking for goal he tipped it a yard forward with his foot, picked up and ran in a try on his own. At least most people thought it was a try, but Referee, Edmondson didn't, and promptly disallowed the point amid groans from the crowd.

The decision was perfectly correct, however Fish's notion was all right, but he should have kicked the ball a bit further. It must be kicked beyond the mark or place where the ,penalty was given. As the, Hull men stood on the mark and Fish retired a few yards for the kick, he clearly did not Comply with the rules .in just tipping the ball forward a foot or two. He co-ld have kicked in any direction so long as the ball travelled beyond the penalty mark, and completed the try in his own way. Wattle Davies at Leeds ,a few weqks ago presumably made no error of this kind for he registered a similar try. Fish was consider- ably disappointed, for be could easily have landed a goal if he had chosen to kick,

This little set-back caused Warrington to press home the attack with renewed ardour, and it was not long ere Fish scampered past Taylor after good com- bination. He also landed a goal and Warrington obtained a lead of five points which .had to suffice until well on in the second half. Play was of a very desultory nature, and the slowness of the referee did not improve matters Hull resorted to a deal of off-side play, and it was ultimately their undoing. Parry got quite out of his place in covering Fish with the result that Isherwood broke through,and serving Fish at the right moment another five points was the result. Warring- 'ton showed their best from after this and just on time Bate neatly tipped the ball over a scrum on the line, and Davies grounded far out. Fish landed a third magnificent goal and raised the total to 15-0. During the last two games he has contributed just four goals, four tries—a nice round twenty points. Salford and Hull keenly appreciate his effectiveness.

It is just as well that Fish has .come back to his best form, for the other wing has not caused the scorers a great deal of trouble since Harris's injury. Hockenhallr though reliable as a rule, does not possess either the speed or dash necessary for a wing player. He missed a glorious chance given him by Dickenson on Saturday and it will be a good thing when Harris is fit or when Kenyon qualifies for the post. Another scoring man would increase the effectiveness of the team immensely. One sighs for Leytham of Lancaster whom Warrington let slip and who has proved a great catch for Wigan. The longest purse won here, as it generally- does.

Warrington are .doing so well in. the League tourney that only. Leeds and Oldhanfean show a better record. The championship is still open and it is worth while considering Warrington's play with a view to improvement. In my view the chief fault lies at half back. Davies has come on a lot, while Bate shows good judgment, but still possesses the serious fault of holding the ball too long. If,when he cannot break away on his own, he would Sling the ball Promptly to the centres instead of " weigh- ing " it, we should see more quick passing and run- ning, with more tries as a result. Our three-quqrter line can beat any other in the League if properly i nursed, and the halves must see to t that the ball goes out gulch more quickly. At present the centres seldom get the ball until they are covered, and the fault lies entirely with the half-backs.

- Meanwhile there is something for the committee to do, and that is to , strengthen the forward line Though the scrtunmagers have done well of late they still lack weight for struggles with the Yorkshire teams and I shall be glad indeed when the long promised couple of big north-countrymen make their appear- ance. Hunslet, Bradford, Leeds, and Salford all emphasized Warrington's weakness.

The League table up-to-date is as follows For. Against. _

•P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. 'ii. P. Pts Oldham ' 20...14... 5... 1...23 36-154... G 12-48...29 Salford 19..12 5. 2...36 46-210... 7 17-66...26 Leeds 18...12... 4 2...12 28-108... 9 17-69...25 Bradford Br'ghton R 19...11... 5... 3...14 41-151...20 lt-85...25 Hunslet 19...12... 6... 1...24 28-132...14 19-85...25 Hull K't'n R 19...11... 7... 1...16 25-107... 8 19-73...23 Warrington 17...10... 5... 2...19 25—.113...10 17-71...22 Swinton Halifax 18... 7... 8... 3...11 12— 58-16 13-71...17 Rtmeorn ... 18... 8...10... 0...22 19-101...21 32-138..16 Wigan Hull Widnes 2O. 5..12 3..11 15— 67...22 41-167..13 Batley 2O. 5..12 3..13 13— 65...33 34-168.33 HuddersfildlB... 5...13... 0... 9 24 90...19 36-146..10 Leigh Keighley 17... 2...11... 4...16 8— 56...24 36-156... 8

Hull,if .they did not obtain any points (-mined some- thing by the visit to Warrington, and that was Edmunds' transfer. The diminutive Cardiff-Birken- head half-back has done good service during the two years he has been in Warrington, and he has good football in him yet. Along with the equally small Franks, of Hull, he should he in his element. The pair will certainly be the smallest in the Union, and together should he as nippy as most. All War- ringtonians will wish " Little Tich "good luck.

Wigan defeated Widnes on Saturday in the South- West Lancashire Competition, which now stands as follows : Pts.

P. NV. 1.. 14: for agst Pts Wigan Warrington *St. Helens - 1 ... 1 ... 0 8-14 ... 4 Runcorn Leigh ' Widnes *The St. Helens matches, not being home and Away engagements, each count 4 points. •

Warrinzton are at home again to-day and should have no difficulty in disposing of Batley, a team which has,of late, done very badly indeed. Early in the season they took Warrington down in no half-hearted fashion and I expect the compliment will be returned to-day.

The home team will be : Hallam, fall back; Fish Isherwood, Dickenson and Hockenhall, threequarters ; Davies and Bate, half-backs Boardman, Morrison, Edmondson, Thomas, Cook, Naylor, Swift and Jolley, forward. •

The " A. " team is due at St. Helens with the fol- lowing twelve Knight,full hack; KenyonNahoney, Short, threequarters ; Evans and Duckworth, half- backs ; Lunt, Harmer, Fairhurst, Swift, Shaw, and Coleman, forwards.

Lancashire easily defeated Cumberland at Wigan on Wednesday by 3 goals 3 tries to nil. Fish scored the first try but subsequently got badly shaken in a

===== 0002601_19040116_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE COTTAGE HOMES. Concert and Prize Giving.

The 200 poor children who are under the care of the Warrington Guardians, and who are so comfortably housed in the Cottage Homes at Padgate, had a happy time on Wednesday evening when the annual children's concert and prize giving took place. The homes resounded with the merry laughter of the youngsters whose bright faces and cheery smiles bespoke their pleasurable anticipations on this annual occasion. The programme was provided entirely by 50 of the children who acquitted themselves. admirably. A number of invitationshad been issued to members of the Board of Guardians and their friends as well as to some of the past inmates of the institution. The room had been tastefully decorated, the Christmas decorations having been added to and made more effective. The decoration of the platform and it surroundings was extremely pleasing. On a white ground, Led stripes had been placed diagon ally, and in the interstices (floral emblems were dis- played. Overhead were festoons of coloured ribbon,• and on the walls were such mottoes as "Health and proSperity to our Guardians," "I Greet You," .` Glory to God in the Highest," "The Season's Greetings./' One of the emblems bore the monogram " T.H.A." in honour of the uhairman of the Schools Committee.

Mr. T. H. Ashcroft presided, and amongst those pre- sent were the Mayoress (Mrs. William Bolton), Rev. W. Pollock Hill (chqplain of the school),Mrs. Clay, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, S. Davies, William Hickman,James Payton George Mather, R. Forshaw, A. Jolley (Guardians), Dr. Peacocke, andiAr. Shearer. The programme opened with an action song entitled "The cat in school,' followed by another song in which "the house that Jack built" was fully illustrated by the children with toys. Some amusement was caused by the too emphatic is of "h" by the children, but it s perhaps better for them to err in this direction than to bc, " aitchless "altogether. Three little girls sang very sweetly "The little cooks," whilst Master T. Thorpe made a typical schoolmaster when singing a schoolmaster's' song, during which his scholars had rather a had time of it. Miss H. Taylor and Master T. Farrell were heard to advantage in the duet "Joan and Darby," and Miss Taylor also sang the solo "Old Folks at Home, in which a num- ber of nigger boys sang the chorus. "Ten Little Nigger Boys' was the title of a song in which ten boys*ith blackened faces and nigger dress delighted the audience with their singing and perform- ance under the direction of Master Thorpe. The songs were agreeably interspersed with recitations and drill. Miss E. Clough recited with feeling "Tiss me good- night," and Master H. Skelland excelled himself when reciting "Rather warm," his enunciation and general demeanour being all that could he desired. The con- cluding items were a series of tableaux, in which many familiar incidents and scenes were depicted. The group- ing and posing of the figures was graceful and exact, whilst the living wealth of colour in the beautiful dresses of the children heightened the effect of the scene. The pianoforte accompaniments were played by Mr. Wright ti-e popular superintendent of the school. The beautiful dresses worn by the chil- dren had been made by the Matron (Mrs. Wright), Miss Ivey and Mrs. French (schoolmistresses.) In the training of the children' on which much care and attention had been bestowed, the superintendent had been ably assisted by Miss Ivey and the teachers. At the close of the programme, the Mayoress gra- ciously presented prizes to the following scholars. PRIZE LIST.

H. Welsby, proficiency in arithmetic, S ini ircl V[ book. Holy Bible. J. Flannaghan, proficiency in arithmetic, Standard V., writing case. Gilbert Welsby, proficiency in writing, Standard IV., Prayer Book. William Moran, proficiency in reading, Standard 111., book, "Pets of the Farm."

Thomas Farrell, proficiency in writing, Standard 111. book, "The Child's Companion." Patrick Mannion, proficiency in writing, Standard 11., pen and pencil case. William Wignall, proficiency in arithmetic, Standard 11., Prayer Book. James Pendergast, proficiency in relding, Standard I. book, "Farmyard Folk."

Edmund Wilson, prolloi.eney in writing, Standard 1., Prayer Book.

Thomas Thorpe, best school boy, writing desk. Edward Mannion, best tailor boy, Bible. Fred Skelland, best worker in No. 1 Home, writing case.

John Stanwav, best shoemaker, writing desk. George Taplin, best worker in No. 2 Home, book, Faithful Friends."

William O'Day, best painter, book, "Tea-time Stories."

Fred Buckley, best farm boy, book, Holy Bible. Francis Price, most popular boy in school, writing desk.

Charles English, best kitchen boy, writing desk. Gladys Matthews, proficiency in composition, Standard VI., umbrella. Ellen Clough, proficiency in reading, Standard VI., book, Holy Bible. 'Eliza Monks, general intelligence, Standard VT., umbrella.

Annie Medlicott, proficiency in composition, Standard V., umbrella. • Ellen Chappell, proficiency in reading, Standard IV,. Prayer Book. Ellen Lee, proficiency in arithmetic, Standard IV. work box.

Marie Matthews, proficiency in arithmetic, Standard HI, Prayer Book. • Elizabeth Morrell, proficiency in reading, Standard 11., book "Picture Book of Animals." Clara Savage, proficiency in arithmetic, Standard T., book "My very own Picture Book." Jane Weave, best darner, No. 3 Home, umbrella. Abigail Longshaw, best kitchen girl, No. 3 Home work box.

Margaret Gleave, neatest girl in No. 3 Home, Prayer Book.

Mary E. Poole, best darner in No, 4 Home, work box. Lillie Andrews, best kitchen girl in No. 4 Home, umbrella. _ _ . . .

Minnie English, neatest girl in No. 4 Home, book, "The Infants' Magazine." Agnes Lunn, best laundry girl, work box. Hannah Taylor and Sarah Johnson, Matron's girls, book, Holy Bible. Maggie M'Mahon, school monitor, work box. Beatrice Bibby, school girl, work box. Ellen Bush, the most popular girl in school,umbrella. SPEECHES AND 'iVOTES OF THANKS.

Mr. Mather proposed a vote of thanks to the Mayoress in felicitous terms.

-- Mr. S. Davies seconded, and expressed the opinion that the Mayoress would go away very much pleased with thelhealthy and happy appearance of the children connectedjwith the institution. He had been coming to the Cottage Homes for the last 15 years, and he did not remember such a splendid finish to the entertain- ment as that which they had just witnessed in the tableaux. It reflected the greatest credit upon those who had the management of it. He wished members of the Corporation would come and see how the children were cared for. • The Schools Committee from the Chair- man downwards, were doing their level best to make the homes as perfect as possible. They had a splendid staff andhe believed theinstitution would equal any in Lancashire. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Hickman heArtily supported the proposition and assured the ratepayers that the best money they spent was expended on that institution for the support of • children who would otherwise be waifs and strays and pests and nuisances in the town. It must be a source of satisfaction to the Mayoress to take part in that en- tertainment, (Hear, hear.) • The proposition was carried with acclammation. The Chairman said he was desired by the Mayoress to thank them on her behalf for the kind vote of thanks.

Mr. A. J. Jolley then propose 1 a vote of thanks to Mr. Ashcroft. The position of Chairman of a committee that controlled an institution like that, he said, was one that any man ought to be proud to fill. It entailed many responsibilities and on the other hand it afforded the Chairman an opportunity of doing lasting good. During the time he had/been Chairman of the committee Mr. Ashcroft had striven to discharge the duties in the best possible way. (Hear, hear.) Dr. Peacocke seconded, and the vote was carried with cheers. Cheers were also raised for Mr. Mather vice- chairman, and Mrs. Clay. In responding, Mr. Ashcroft said he had always en- deavoured to do his duty during the six years he had been coming to the schools. A remark was made recently that parents were obliged to send their chil- dren to the cottage homes. That was nntrue. When a poor person sought relief of the Guardians, the reliev- inp officer if he thought itadvisable, recommended that the children be sent to the homes. In many cases the children were being neglected and living in squalid sur- roundings, and the best way to render assistance was by relieving the parents of the children and receiving them into the homes. It was sometimes said "Why don't you adopt the boarding out system ?" The reply was that the Guardians had adopted a better policy by establishing those cottage homes. Here they had effec- tivecontrol of the children and the results obtained had been satisfactory. They were not sure that that would be the case if they sent the children to different homes. (Hear, hear.) Three hearty cheers were raised for the Master and Matron, and Mr. Wright briefly acknowledged the com- pliment.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRINGTON SOLICITOR FOR THE FIJI ISLANDS Impending Departure of Mr. R. Crompton.

On Wednesday next Mr. Robert Crompton, a partner. in the firm of Messrs. Arthur Browne and Crompton, solicitors, Sankey-street, Warrington, will leave the town with which he has been associated from his childhood to enter upon a new but similar sphere of work in the Fiji Islands. He has entered into partnership with a legal firm at Suva, the capital of the Western Pacific, which is situated on the island of Viti Levu and he will set sail from Liverpool in "The Majestic" on Wednesday for New ' York. From the American seaport the will journey to Suva via Vancouver. Mr. Crompton has (rained a large circle of friends in Warrington and they will all wish him complete success in his new undertaking. Born in Russia,- Mr. Crompton received his early training in the Warrington Blue Coat School and the sound education imparted to him • under the superin- tendence of Mr. E. Rose, the respected head master, has stood him in good stead. When Mr. Arthur Browne commenced practice twenty years ago Mr. Crompton entered his employ as an office boy. Such progress did he make, that thirteen years later, in 1891, Mr. Browne gave him his articles and having passed the usual examination he was in April, 1900, admitted as a solicitor. Mr. Browne took him into partnership on January Ist, 1901. By" Old Blues" in particular i. Mr. Crompton held in high regard and a number of them have this week expressed their esteem and good wishes by presenting him with a handsome signet ring. Mr. H. L. Gerrard, who for the past ten years has acted as Mr. Crotnpton's confidential clerk, will con- tinue to serve in that capacity, and on Thursday he sailed for Suva from Liverpool by the " Medic." He will travel by the Cape route.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION IN WARRINGTON,

Business of the Next Committee Meeting.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Education Committee will be held at the Town Hall at six o'clock on Monday evening when the business under consideration will include the following : FINANCE COMMITTEE.-A LOAN OF £6,500.

At a meeting of the Finance Comniittee circular letters from the Board of Education notifying the par- ment of grants to various schools were sut-nnitted and noted. The committee having discussed the question of payment of grants, it was resolved that the Board of Education be asked to continue or to adopt some similar arrangement for the payment of grants for the financial year from the Ist April, 1904. to the 31st March, 1905 as that which was in operation for the year 1903-1901 A letter, dated 6th January, 1904, from the Borough Treasurer,forvvarding copy of the sanction received from the Local Government Board to a loan of £6,500, for the provision of a working balance for carrying the new Education Act into effect, was sub- mitted and noted.

SCHOOL M A.NA.GEM ET CO'Si M ITT E E -CO UNC IL LOR MAG INN'S wc:Nic.

At a meeting of this Committee letters dated the 14th and 17th December, 1903, were submitted from Mr. Councillor 4laginn, requesting that notices be issued to the school's of his intention to provide a free pie-nic to the children from St. John's Ward who make the highe3t possible number of attendances at school between the Ist January and the end of June, but the committee, whilst recognising the value of the proposal as a means of teaching the children habits of punctuality and regularity, could not see their way themselves to issue the desired notices to the schools, but suggested that an efficient means of bringing the matter under the notice of the children interested would be by his com- municating with the head teachers.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE.

A circular letter dated the 24th December, 1903, from the Secretary of Henshaw's Blind Asylum, Old Trafford, Manchester, intimating that their terms for the recep- tion of children to that institution would, as from the Ist January, 1901, be increased from £2O 6s. Bd. per annum per child (including clothing) to £23 ss. per annum per child together with .23 for clothing, was submitted at a meeting of this committee and it was resolved to recommend that the increased charges as set out above be paid in respect of those pupils who are already in the institution as well as those who may be sent hereafter.

Reference having been made to the suggestion which was brought forward at the last meeting of the Education Committee as to the present system of obtaining medical certificates for children who are unable to attend school owing to sickness , it was, after some discussiou. resolved that the Director be requested to make inquiries as to the practice obtaining in other districts in this matter.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTIONS.—APPOINTMENT OF scrtooL KEEPERS.

Notices of the following motions have been given:— By the Rev. John Yonge: "That Resolution A 16., July 20th, 1903, section r, be reconsidered, with a view to special consideration of its relation to cases of care- takers in charge of schools previous to appointment under this authority." By the Chairman: "That the next meeting of the Education Committee be held on the 22nd instead of the 15th February." At a meeting of the Committee on Thursday last, a letter having been submitted from the managers of the Silver-street school, drawing attention to an entry made by H.M. Inspector in the log book of that school, re- quiring the sub-division of the main rooms by suitable partitions, it was resolved that the Board of Education be asked to determine whether the provision of parti- tions for the purpose of sub-dividing rooms in volun- _ Wry schools is to be regarded as alterations and improvements in the buildings, and there- fore, under section 7 (1) (d) of the Education Act, 1902, to be paid for by' the managers out of funds provided by them, or whether the provision of such partitions is to be considered as the duty of the local Education Authority in maintaining and keeping effici- ent such schools, and, therefore, under section 7 (1), to be paid for by the Authority. A letter, dated the 19th: day of December, 1903, from the Hon. Secretary of the Warrington Head Masters' Association, forwarding copy of a resolution passed by that Xssociation, requesting the Committee to take into consideration the advisability of adopting a luniform time for the daily opening and closing of the elementary schools in the Borough, was read, and, after some discussion, it was resolved that, for the future, all elementary schools in the Borough meet from 9 to 12 in the morning and from 1-30 to 4 o'clock in the afternoon. A letter, dated the 23rd December, 1903, from the Hon. Secretary of the Association of Foundation Managers of Church of England schools in Warrington, asking that two rooms in the Secondary school may be used each morning for the purpose of giving religious instruction to the Church of England children attend- ing that school, was *submitted, but, inNiew of the terms of section 4 of the Education Act,1902, the Com 7 mitee were unable to entertain the request. A letter was read from the Colonel commanding the 8/40 Regimental District, drawing attention to the advisability of introducing some system of fire.-drill in the schools in the Borough, and the director MIS re- quested to report as to the best means of introducing some such drill into the schools.

• Death of Cheshire's Oldest Cricketer. 1 /At the ripe age of eighty one, Mr. Charles Harding who enjoyed the distinction of being the oldest cricketer in Cheshire,has passed away,at his residence Haslington, near Crewe. He was one of the pioneers of the Crewe Athletic Cricket Club, and played with the late Mr. Richard Trevethick., the great railway- engineer, and Mr. F. W. Webb. He was also the old- est railway official in Cheshire. Firemen's Annual Dinner.

The annual dinner in connection with the Fire Brigade was held on Thursday night at the White Hart Hotel, Market place. The Superintendent Mr. Frank Turner. and the Deputy Superintendent Mr. F. Turner, jun. were invit3d by the members of the Brigade. A substantial dinner was provided by the post and Hostess Mr. and Mrs. Teece. -Afterwards a social evening was spent, members of the brigade, Messrs. Vernon, Sergeant Monks, Cook, Dalton,Taylor Archer contributing songs. The health of the Super- intendent was proposed by Sergeant Monks and drunk with musical honours. The Superintendent suitably responded paying a tribute to the brigade for suc- ceeding in coping so well with the numerous fires during the year. The health of the Deputy Super- intendent was also proposed. Tke Deputy Super- intendent thanked the members and afterwards gave a resume of the work done by the Brigade during the year. The senior members proposed a vote of thanks to all those gentlemen and local firms who subscribed to the annual dinner.

_ SLA.CKNESS OF TRADE AT EARLESTOWN. Trade in'Earlestown is by no means improving, and in different parts of the town distress is felt acutely. The London and North-Western Waggon Works have not yet gone on full time, and during the last month several hundreds have been discharged und others pen- sioned off. On Thursday. seven pattern-makers em- ployed at the Vulcan Foundry, a large locomotive works at•Earlestown, received their notices, and that is counted upon as foreshadowing slackness at that Particular works. The building of waggons at the Viaduct Works has been completely stopped, excepting when the firm are replacing waggons which have been broken up, and the main work is in thrx repairing shops. The Relief Committee have still a number of cases of distress on their book; and are appealing for funds.

THE FISCAL PROBLEM.---THE TWO LOAVES.

English Loaf.

We plead for the omen and Children,

The loaves here shown are drawn to scale according to the following statements tor which the Government Inquiry Blue Book, 1903, is responsible: In England In Germany 3ss. 6d. Blue Book, page 120.

Price of wheat per quarter

Wages per week for skilled labour

In England In Germany Blue Book, page 289.

425. Od. 245. Od.

lour, of wort; Per week

In England In Germany Blue Book, page 287.

From these figures it follows that an Englishman's hourly wage for skilled labour is 10!,d., while a German's hourly wage for skilled labour is _id. HALF=AN=HOUR'S SKILLED LABOUR IN ENGLAND PURCHASES THREE TIMES AS MUCH BREAD AS HALF-AN-HOUR'S SKILLED LABOUR IN GERMANY.

In other words the English (Free Trade) loaf is more than three times as large as the German (Protection) loaf.

In towns outside London and Berlin respectively, the wages are given: England, 365.; Germany, 225. 6d. Taking these into account does not alter the proportions of the loaves.

[By lermission of "The Daily News," London.

had found it to be of considerable help to him in hisl sphere of labour at Witton. The guild was a rallying ground upon which people of all shades of opinion thought and temperament could unite in their desire to, consecrate themselves afresh to God, to prepare them- selves for service, and to gain mutual inspiration. He did not think there was any other movement which brought people of varying thoughts and temperaments together like the guild undoubtedly did. Some time. ago when the Twentieth Century Fund movement was in progress, and they were looking forward to that immense sum of money being in the hands of the treasurers, they all began to wonder how it would be used, and the fact was brought to his mind that throughout the country they had their young people gatheriug together and culti- vating their powers and talents so that by and by they would be in a fit state to- carry on more success- fully and upon more constitutional principles the great work which lay ahead of their Church. There was always one source of fear and that was lest the social side should predominate in the movement. Of course' it was absurd to think that people must have "a long face" in order to be religious. There were times like the present season for solemnity, but there were also times when they could be joyous, and the more frequently they could be joyous and cheerful the better it would be for their Church and for the worldat large. He sincerely trusted that whilst the guild' throughout the country encouraged the social side and made full provision for it, they would endeavour to obtain that cheerfulness and joyousness which came from a heart that was right with God. If the guild fulfilled its object of making young Christians work to greater advantage it would not have been instituted in vain. On behalf of thel visitors from Witton he wished the Bqld-street guild many happy returns of the day and he tru 'cted that each succeeding year would be a year of increasing power, usefulness, joyousness, and stability andstrength for Christ, for their Church, and for the country at large. (Applause). The Rev. W. C. J. NEVILLE said he was glad to see so many present and he thought the attendance from the outlying districts was very creditable indeed. He- had a special reason for being pleased to see M . Eaton with them. When the Wesley Guild was instituted by conference he (the speaker) was stationed at Shanklin in the Isle of Wight and he formed the first guild estab- lished in the island. Mr. Eaton was goiug to be minister at Shanklin after the next Conference in September and he (the speaker) hoped he would enjoy his term of residence there as much as he (Mr. Neville) did, and that he would find the guilds in the circuit in good con- dition. Before he left the Isle of Wight eleven branches of the guild had been formed in the various towns and villages and he hoped they wereall flourishing. He be- lieved very strongly in the work of the Wesley Guild and in the pert it was destined to play in the Metho- dist Church. Referring to the production during the past- year of the Guild Charter, the speaker said he regarded it as acknowledging the right of the young people of the Church to hold meetings for their mutual improve- ment and the good of the Church. He thought that if the young people of the Church were encouraged, and the guilds were worked upon the constitutional lines. laid down by the Central Council they could not but prove of good to the Church. In a great many places it had been wondered whether the extra meetings of the. Wesley Guild would not detract from other meetings and injure the class meetings, week-night service &c. In. his opinion the Guild would not injure other meetings if it was worked strictly in connection with them. In the Wesley Guild they had the missing link between the Sunday school and the Church. He knew a. great many young people considered themselves, all too soon, to be too old to attend Sunday school, and the Wesley Guild wanted to retain them. He person- ally believed in young people remaining in the Sunday schpol in adult classes and was glad to think that when he left the Warrington circuit he would be going to a Church where there was a Sunday school of something like 900 and where there were senior classes. The speaker alluded to the pleasant holiday spent by the Guild members at Ilfracombe last Whitsuntide and pointed out that although they enjoyed themselves thoroughly, the devotional element was well to the fore. He hoped that in time they would have in the War- rington circuit one central rally to be attended by every guild in the circuit. (Applause.) The meeting then concluded.

/ I -.--1---. -----4----; , ---- ---- -- rv.- it ‘ 1 i , ..._._ ...>- 4 N'•\ 11;a1Pedo` , ( , p-- ii i,/ • ';45,11k,`, r.,,,,- Jr .„-.7 I/ /----;—‘'• '-'-'7W.--'-'-riel4l %In , ~•,,, ~..„...._,-,,,,,_,,.... ~..- _ ....., Ty ••• ,%--------, m„,,,,‘ .., 1 . . 'At ~ ''-'0 ...,.r-V7* • 'AP'S' r German Loaf.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Wycliffe P.S.A. Meeting.

This weekly meeting was held in Wycliffe Church on Sunday afternoon. The chair was occupied by Mr. A. Downes, who spoke upon setting a good example. The speaker was Mr. A. E. Easterbrook, of Manchester and his subject was "Common Honesty as tie need of the nation." Honesty, he said was needed all round, socially and politically. If these was honesty between capital and labour we should see less friction between employer and employed. Then they ought to be honest to them- selves, to the Church and to God. Having received good at the P.S.A. meetings and been brought near to Christ, it was then the honest duty of all such to seek to join themselves to some Church and so honestly labour for the good of others.—Mr. Healey and M. Cotton took part in the meeting.—The Secretary urged the members to make the open meetinr,. next Sunday week, a great success.—Mr. Payton Mus.Bac., rendered an organ solo entitled "Bethlehem."

===== 0002601_19040116_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW VICAR OF CHRIST CHURCH No Innovations to be Introduced.

The Rev. G. C. Briggs preached his first sermon as Vicar of Christ church, Latchford, on Sunday evening, selecting for his text the words "Then Samuel took a stone and set it between Mizpeh and Shen, and called the place of it Ebenezer, saying, 'Hitherto hath the Lord helped us.' He could assure them, he said, that he did not leave Chester for Warrington with a light and fear- less heart. It was only after careful consideration that he decided to accept the living,not because he was tired of his work there, but because it seemed to him to be right to accept work of a far more responsible character The living was entirely unsought py him, but he felt that he had to consent. But he had two reasons for coming here which another man would nothave had. In the first place, he had kaown their previous Vicar intimately for a number of years, and he felt that on that account their welcome to him would belnone the less; and in the second place, he had, strangely enough, succeeded Mr. Screeton at St. Barnabas, Chester, where he (the speaker) had been working all the time their late Vicar had been with them. at Latchford. He therefore knew something of his methods and ideas, and he should not be likely to upset anything which Mr. Screaton had so success- fully carried on. Perhaps it would be as well for him to state at the outset of his ministry that he did not in- tend to makeany changes in the manner of conducting the services, of springing anything new on them in the way of ritual. What he found to have been the custom in the past he should rigidly adhere to. To his mind an incalculable amount of mischief was done in parishes by newly-appointed incumbents who, on their arrival in a parish, made petty and needless changes and alterations in the services, which only irritated and annoyed. There were more right ways than one and a thing was not right because they were accustomed to it. Still he ventured to think that when a new vicar was appointed he should as .far as he was able, and where no principle was involved, do his utmost to avoid making needless changes. That, he promised, should be his policy. He should endeavour by the help of God to carry on .the work of the church and parish to the best of his ability and power on the lines on which it had been carried on in the past. He appealed to them, and he knew he would not appeal in vain, for the same cordial sympathy and support which they had extended to their Vicar in the past. From what he had heard and already knew, he felt convinced they would be ready to extend to him.the same hearti- ness and goodwill which they had shown to his predecessor.

===== 0002601_19040116_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WESLEY GUILD.

Festival Services and Rally at Bold

Street Church,

Among the organizations which help to strengthen the ranks of Methodism. the Wesley Guild holds a high , place and there are several active branches in the War- rington circuit. On Sunday the members of the Bold- street Guild celebrated their annual festival and special services were held. There were large congrega- tions the church being filled in the evening. The Rev. T. A. Kinnings, of Southport, was the preacher and his eloquent, discourses were much appreciated. At the morning services he spoke upon music, his text being " Singunto the Lord with the harp; with the harp, and the voice of a psalm " (Psalat.93 v. 5). Music, he said was the channel by which they were led up to God, and the Christian found music everywhere. He alluded to the power of music, its mellowing influence, and its joyousness. Religion without joy was a world without light, In the evening the rev, gentleman based his ser- mon on the words "The prophet that hath a dream, let him tell a dream; and he that hath my word, let him speak my word faithfully. What is the chaff to the wheat? saith the Lord." (Jeremiah, 23c., 28v.). The preacher took occasion to refute some of the statements made by Mr. Blatchford in recent articles on Christian- ity.—The choir creditably rendered the anthem "The day Thou gayest". On Monday evening a united rally was held, the Rev. G. H. Carnson presiding. There was a good attendance of representatives of various guilds in the circuit and a contingent from Witton, Northwich, was also pre- sent. The Rev. T. A. Kinnings delivered a helpful address. Ambition was the theme touched upon. The speaker expressed his approval of men having the high- est ambitions. It was their duty to have the highest ambition for the mental as well as the spiritual culture of life, and he was prepared to say that the worthy life was the life of goodness, In life they should have the highest ideals for their ambitions. He was not one of those ministers wholbelieved that theiChristian life had not much joy and gladness in it. They had no right to decry the sports of the day, but what they had to decry was the young man who could find time to play football on a-Saturday, but who could not find time to go to the House of God on S'unday. (Applause.) They had to decry the wrong use and abuse of pleasures. He pointed out that the way to worldly honour was very narrow and very circum- scribed, but if the ambition was lofty and determined they would gain both honour and distinction. In con- clusion he said they should reconsecrate their lives to the highest and noblest purposes, and one day when the ambition had been realized on earth, the ambition would be realized in the eternal home, and God would bid them come to Him as "good and faithful servants." The Chairman said it had been a great delight to him to hear Mr. Kinnings' address. Although he had never heard him speak before,he had known him for many years and had heard of his energy, his enjoyment of life and , the way in which he influenced so many people. Speak- ing of the varying ages which the guildmembership em- braced, the Chairman said he believed that as long as I they lived they might retain freshness of spirit if they I trusted in God. To do that which was right and to I "Tarrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALKED endeavour to make other people's lives bright and happy & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Work.l, was the very best way to accomplish that great task. Bewoey-street. and published by them at the same (Applause.) plate,and also at The Examiner Offices,Victoria-roa,d, The Rev. J. F. Eaton, of Witton, then addressed the WIDNES • 32, George-street, ST. HELENS; 3, Market- gathering. He was glad to say that he believed in the f street, iARLESTOWN;ChiIIChI4treet,, RUNCORN, JAN. Wesley Guild movement with all his heart and hea 9111. 1904.

===== 0002601_19040116_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CHURCH. BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, ANNUAL CONGREGATIONAL TEA MEETING, THURSDAY NEX I, JANUARY 21ar. 1904, IN WYCLIFFE HALL. TEA AT SEVEN P.M. TICKETS NINEPENCE. AFTER TEA. A PUBLIC WELCOME WILL BE GIVEN TO THE REV. HARRY WALL, (LATE OF NOTTINGHAM INSTITUTE), The newly appointed Assistant Minister. The REV. J. S. LANGLRY, of Kirkham. near Preston. Mr. Wall's late Pastor, will be present and speak. THE CHAIR WILL BE TAKEN AT 8 O'CLOCK BY THE REV. J YONGH. THE PROCEEDINGS WILL BE VAPIRO BY MUSIC AND SONGS BY SEVERAL FRIENDS. It is earnestly hoped that as many Wycliffe and Cookhedge Mission Friends as possible will rally to this Meeting and snake it a complete success. BE SEY ROAD Wr ESL EYAN CHURCH. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JANUARY 17th AT 10.30, Rev. W. C. J. NEVILLE. AT 6.30. Rev. R. WILKINS RISES. Evening Subject: "Sin Forgiven yet never forgiven." All welesnae. Hymn books prsvided. G OLBORNE STREEI BAPTIS r CHURL. El WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JANUARY 17th Rev. HERBERT DUNNICO. Morning 10.45. Evening 6 30. All seats frle. Come early. Mr. Dwnnico will preach on Wednesday next at 8.15.

IMPORTANT NOTICE. GOLD AND LiILVER WATCHES. DIAMOND AND OTHER RINGS, CHAINS, BROOCHES, PINS, STUDS. LINKS, and all other Articles of Jewellery practically GIVEN AWAY At the Prices Marked in the Window. Call and see for yourselves before going elsewhere. --- SPECIAL OFFER.-220t. Gold Wedding Rings sold by weight. All shapes and sizes at 6/9 PER PRIVATE FVIITIIIN(71-V0051M.ORE 6/9 A Large Stock of Clocks. Bronzes, Forks, and Spoons, Cutlery. .te. by best makers, at giving-away prices. Al. RUBENS, JEWELLER, &c. 4, MANCHESTER S FREE V, LIVE RFOOL. -- NOTE.—MONEY Advanced on all kinds of Valuables Lowest Rates of Interest. 6‘, I__TOW TO .etkiiE our A. Ll. PATENT."—VERY INTER- ESTING little BOOK,rost free,from C. COVENrRY, C.E., 9 Tempest Hey (by L. & Y. Station). Liverpool. DRIVATM DETECTIVE AGENCY, ALFRED B. HOPLEY, Central Buildings, North John Street, Liverpool. conducts inquiries of all kinds personally and confidentially. Agents in the U. S. A. and Canada. THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- ,' pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, MuniciDal Offices. Warrington.

BOLD STREET WESLEYAN mutt::: WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JANUARY 17th. , At 10.30 Rev. JOHN GUNNELL. At 6.30 Rev. G. H. CARNSON. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. M IS hat E shelßwEi RSEFSUI limh; S H EBRE DG AS Is ANNOUNCEG CLASSESat TOFT'S ASSEMBLY ROOMS, BRIDGE-STREET. ON JANUARY 13Ta. For lowest terms apply 4. SALISBURY-STREET. WARRINGTON. WARRINGTON P.S.A. SOCIETY CO-OPEAA- TIVB HALL, SANKEY STREE t', WARRINGTON. OPEN MKETING, SUNDAY NEXT. JANUARY. 17Tit; 1904. CHAIRMAN : MR, B. WYNNE JONES. SPEAKER: REV. JOHN YONGE. SPECIAL SINGING. A HEARTY WELCOME.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTE TAILS OF t FBc3l HAIR FRAMES, PURE FROM 3/6 EACH. , HAIR. 5/6 T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

ABRIDGED PROSPECTUS. TENDERS must be delivered at the Branch Bank of England, Newcastle-on-Tyne, not later than 10 o'clock on the morning of Thursday. the 21st day of January next : or at the Bank of !England, London, (Branch Banks Office) or any other Branch of the Bank, not leer than 3 o'clock the preceding evening, Wednesday the 20th instant, 41A41011 NTE W CASTLE AND GATESHEAD WATER 1.1 COMPANY. ISSUE (BY TENDER) OF £103,000 ORDINARY STOCK. Maximum Dividend 7 per cent. per annum. MINIMUM PRICE. £l4O PER CENT. THE DIRECTORS 'give notice that they are prepared to receive through their Bankers, the Bank of England Newcastle-on-Tyne Branch, tenders for th,, above Stock. [Tenders will also be received for transmission to their Newcastle Branch by 'the Bank of England. London (Branch Banks Office), or any other Branch of the Bank,] The Share Capital under the Act of 1,898 (2480,000 includ- ing premiums), was authorized by resolution of the Share- holders to be raised by Ordinary Stock with a Maximum Dividend of £7 per cent. per annum, of which £269,000 has been issued (Including premiums). The amount now to he raised is required to meet the expenulture on New Reservoir on the River Bede, and other works in progress. The Reservoir will be completed and brought into use during this year, when the Company's storage will be largely increased. The average diy:dend for the ten years, 1894 t0f1903, on the 7 per cent. btock has been at the rate of £5 13s. 4d. per cent, per annum. The accounts are made up annually and submitted te the' Proprietors in February, and the dividends are declared half-yearly in February and August. For conditions of tender see the full prospectus which may be obtained at the Bank of England (Branch Banks Office) or at any of its Branches, or at the offices of the Company. Pilgrim street, Newcastle-on-Tyne. 11th January, 1904.

PASSIVE RESIS LENCE.—BD COATI° N RA.TIs, ALL INTENDING PASSIVE RESISTERS NOT iBT AFFILIATED WITH THE WAR- RINGTON CITIZENS' LEAGUE IFOR NON-PAY- MENT OF THIS RATE, ARE EARNESTLY IN- VITED TO JOIN WITHOUT FURTHER DELAY. Application should be made to thP Secretary. MR. WILLIAM CLATWORAIY, 21, Lovely Lane.__ ST. PAUL'S CTIURCLI. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (RDWAY), JANUARY 17TE, 1904, SPECIA.L SERMONS WILL BE PREACHED AND COLLECTIONS MADE ON BEHALF OF " CHURCH OF ENGLAND WAIFS AND STRAYS." PREACHER AT ALL THE SERVICES ; REV. HAWLEY StikaPli, ORGANISING SECRETARY, CHILDREN'S POUND SERVICE, 2.30 P.M. MEN'S BIBLE CLASS, 3.30 P.M.

NATAHRINOTON 'NFL KMAK I AND DIS- PENSARY BALL. THE ANNUAL BALL WILL BE HELD AT THE ASSEMBLY ROOM LION HOTEL, WARRINGTON, ow THURSDAY. PHBRUAILY 11TH, 1904. VETTER'S BAND. DANCING TO coMMSNCE AT 9 °CLOCK. Tickets Ten and Sixpence each, can be had from Mr. P. Pearse, Bookseller, 'Warrington ; Mr. Hampson, Infirmary, and at the Lion Hotel. W. PETER RYLAND% Hon. Secretary to the Ball Committee.

WARRINGTON MUNICIPAL MUSEUM. - A LECTURE ON ETCHING AND ENGRAVING Witt RE DELIVERED ON MONDAY NEXT, JA.NUARY 18TH, AT 8 o'cL,^CK, BY JOHN ROWLAND, EQ. The lecture will have special reference to the collection of the works of BRITISH ENGRAVERS lent by the Board of Education, which is now on view in the Art Gallery, and will be illustrated with lantern slides, specimens of engraved copper-plates, engravei's tools. A 3. The Chair will be taken by ALDERMAN BENNETT, chairman of the Museum Committee. BRTRANCE, MUSEUM STREET, Admission Free. CHARLES MADELKY. Curator and Librarian.

INCOME TAX k,ND eITRISTNIAS PILLS. PAYMENT OF THESE OFTEN CAUSES MUCH inconvenience. This may be avoided by obtaining an advance repayable by easy instalments or as may be mutually arranged. FOR TERMS AND OTHFR PARTICULARS APPLY TO GEORGE PAYNE ACCOUNTANT, 20. KENNEDY STREET, MANCIERSTER. Established 1870.

PARR'S BANK LIMITSI). NOTICE IS EIETIEBY GIVEN, that the 89TH ANNUAL ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING of this company will be held at theCANNON STREET HOTEL LONDON, 8.0., on THURSDAY Tag 28Ta DAY OF JANUARY, 1904, at One o'clock p.m., for the purpose of declaring a dividend to ho payable on the 4th of Febrnary ; electing Directors and an 'i 'ors; and conducting the Ordin- ary Business of the Company. THE TRANSFER BOOKS WILL BE CLO3BD from Wednesday 20th January. to Thursday, 11th February; both days inclusive. By Order. R. W. WHALLEY, General Manager. Bartholomew Lane, London, 8.C., 16th January, 1904,

110 YS YOU WANT BOOTS I'm off.ring Sixty I WANT TRADE Styles in Box Calf and Glace KW at'fBs. 6d. a LET'S GET TOGETHER time.l v ARTHUR EVANS. PosTst. 155, ALDRRSGATIs ST.. LONDON.I DEPARTSIENTBIS, LONDON ROAD. LW [WOOL.

DRESSMAKING. CONIMENCING ON TUESDAY, JAN, in A CLASS WILL BE HELD IN CAIRO-STREET SCHOOLS, WARRINGTON. TEACHER: MISS E. WOODS. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY 10, RYLANDS-STHRST.

NOTICE TO BAKERS AND CONFECTIONERS-. Three Golf. Medals Awarded for Troughs, Moulding Tables, Bread Trollies and Racks. Bun Provers, Draw plate Oven Tables. Store Cases, ie., all made of best well- seasoned hardwoods on castors, required by the new sani- tary act. Castors for Trough and Table legs from ss. to 251. per set of four: Dough Dividers and Mixing Machines ,Bun Trays, Peels and Rods, Window Trays. Confectionets'Ovens, Chaffers. Blowers and Pipet, Sandwich Boxes, Roll Tins, Oval Cob Tins, Pie Machlnes.Tea Urns Moulds, Reg Whisk- ing Machines. Scales, Gas Rot Plates. Bowles, Ice Cream Freezers, Trucks, Knives, Fancy Cake Stands, Slab Cake Tins, Raspberry Sandwich and Madeira Cake Tins, Si eves. Icing Tubes. Scone Wire Cutters, and every description of nsw shapes of Tins and Bakehouse Utensils. —M. LOW R SONS, Manufacturers of Bakers' Tools and Utensils, and Complete Bakehouse Outfitters, 24, Prescot street.LiverPool

THE BOTELER GRAMMAR SCHOOL, WAR RINGTssN. OLD BOYS' UNION. COMMITTEE. n. R. SUROVIS, Chairman, J. H. SMETHURST,IiOe. See. R. DOBSON. R. J. CHORLEY. 0. D. PARKINSON. Hon Trees SEGAR OWEN. .T. G. GORNALL, M.D. A. S. WRIGHT, B. A. WHITE. W. E. ATKIN. The SECOND ANNITAL DINNER in connection with the above will be held at t ha LION HOTEL, WARRINGTON, ON THURSDAY EVENING. JANUARY 28TH. 1904. PRESIDENT: EDWARD R. PICKMERE, ESQ., M.A. (TOWN CLERIC OF LIVERPOOL.) Tickets, price 7s. Sd. each (exclusive of wine) can be Obtained before January 20th 1914, from JAMES HENRY SMETHURST, Hon. Sec. 113, Bewley road, Warrington.

GEDDESS DANDELION COPFEE Tbe best mid cheapest ever offered to the Publls. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists,(. ganlstes 5d.. 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GRIMM Ann 80/i. LTD WARRINGTOP BSTABLISHED 1833.

JOSEPH CROSFIELD AND SONS LIMITED FIVE PER CENT PRE-PREFERENCE SHARES. THE TRANSFER BOOKS OF THIS COMPANY relative to this issue WILL BB CLOSED frorn'tbe 18th to the 31st January instant. (both day. inclusive) for the purpose of preparing and issuing dividend warrants, due February let. J. R. Wardle,'Secretam Dated, Warrington, Jan. 16th. 1904.

PARR HALL. BRILL A ANI` SUCCESS OF THE WARRINGTON DRAMATIC SOCIETY'S PERFORMANCES OF "THE IDLER" PROCEEDS IN MD OF LOCAL CHARITIES. DOW T FAIL TO SEE THIS ENORMOUSLY SUCCESSFUL PRODUCTION. TO-NIUHT AT 7-30. Early dooes fdr Ticket-holders at 6-45. Admission 3s„ 2s , Is., and 6d.

PROF. T NISO , PHRPINOLOGIST, &C., DRUIDS' HALL, SANKEY ST. WARRINGTON. MONDAY to THURSDAY NEXT. JAN. 18th to 218 t, at 7.45 FOUR POPULAR ENTERTAINMENTS. LIMELIGHT VIEWS, (+ARDEN CITY AND SLUM LIFE. AND CINEMATOGRAPH. Short Addresses. Head', HAnde, Photos and Handwriting Bead Free from Platform Nightly. HANDS READ THROUGH A SCREEN. HEADS READ BLINDFOLDED. ADVICE AND EXAMINATION, 12 TILL 7. LECTURES TO LADIES BY NURS& COX Is THE AFTERNOONS AT 2. 45. ADMISSIOV : Is. (Season Tickets 35.) ; 6d. (Season Tickets is. 6d.) and 3d.

T6rifil Fun rl-ii mILLION. At lesstthan half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed Ci MACDONALDS PAINLESS OYSTE A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and qnality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Seta, 205.; inlaid gold, 40s. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record Says: Prices most moderate. The Family Motor says: Skilfully, minlesoly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries 'Ay : Actual manufacturers. To-day says: Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDON ALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MoNDAlts, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY -ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS.' to 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. To 8 P.M. HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. \ I /WAD. HARGRAVES' CIGARS ) 70 TEARS. HARGRAVES' CIGARETTES. MANUFACTORY : SWAN—STREET. MANCHESTER.

MAG BEL RAZORS FOR EASY SHAVING. SHEFFIELD MAKE WARRANTED, POST FREE 3.., 4.. 6D., ; AND 6s. so. J. 0. DODD. 10, sr, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. CUTLERY "GROUND. ESTABLISHED 1872. JOHN SHAW & SON, WATCHMAKERS & JEWELLERS. 52, MARKET ST.! MANCHESTER. J. SHAW and SON invite inspection of their Splendid Stock of GEM RINGS, from 20s. to £lOO. GOLD BROOCHES, from 6s. 6d. BRACELETS, from 12s. 6d. and Long GUARD CHAINS from 355. J. SHAW and SON'S Speciality :—Gent's High-class ENGLISH LEVER WATCHES, 18ct. Gold, from Ell lls. Silver from 31s. 6d., special value. Large assortment of Solid Silver and Eleetro-plated Goode, suitable for Wedding and other presents. etc. LADIES SOLID GOLD WATCHES from 355. Guaranteed timekeepers. COMPARE OUR PRICES WITH THOSE OF SO-CALLED WHOLESALE HOUSES. TELEPHONE No. 5267,

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON._ ELIXTRIC TRAMWAYS.—TRAMWAYS MANAGER. The CORPORATION INVITE APPLICATIONS for the APPOINTMENT of TRAMWAYS MANAGER. Salary £l2O rising by 4?10 per annum to £l5O. The person appointed will have the management of the Tramway , Department but his duties will not include electrical or otber engineering work. Application stating age experience and present employ- ment with copies of not more than three recent testi- monials and endorsed " Tramways Manager " must be sent in on or before the 18th January. Canvassing will disqualify. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington. Bth January 1904.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- TO BUILDERS AND PLUMBERS The Gymnasium Committee of the Council of the Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive TIINDHRS for the alterations to a room and fixing of a Shower Bath at the Gymnasium, Palmyra square. Specifications and all further information may, be obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor, Town Hall, on and after nednesday next, the 20th instant, at which place tenders must be delivered before 12 o'clock on Tuesday, the 26th day of January, 1904. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. THOMAS LONGDIN, Bprough Surveyor. Borough Surveyor's Office, January 15th, 1904.

p UNC'ORNUNION.-SMALL ALTERATIONS TO LAVATORIES /cc. .1.118 GUARDIANS INVITE TENDERS for small alter- ations and additions to the lavatories at the Workhouse, at Dutton. Preston Brook. Quantities may be procured from the Architects, Messrs. William & Segar Owen, Cairo street, Warrington. on deposit of £2 2s, at their offices. The deposit fee will be returned on receipt of a bone fide tender. Tenders endorsed " Lavatories" must reach my office. 71 High street, Runcorn, not later than Monday, the 25th January, 1904. The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. By order, GEO. F. ASHTON, Clerk to the Guardians. 71 High street, Runcorn, Eith January, 1904.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. 'MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS,_of the Finest Quality. RTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN 13 YROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. (Pupil of G. A. Chanot) 57, RENSHAW-STREW' (corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

THE MANCHESTER AND LIVERPOOL D isT RIC r BANKING COMPANY L NIITED. ESTABLISHED 'IN 1829. SUBSCRIBED C &PITAL, £7,500,000. PU D-U P CAPITAL, £1,500,000. RESERVE FUND, £1,785.600, DIRECTORS GEORGE BARBOUR, BSC]. I EDWARD DOER, Esq. donti TARP:6, Esq. ANDREW BENNIE, Bag., Managing JAMES HALLIDAY, Esq., Deputy EDWARD PARTINOTON, Esq. Director. Chairman. WILLIAM TIPPING, Esq., Managing ABEL BUCKLEY Esq., Chairman. JOHN FREDERICK KVOTT, Esq. Director. FRANK GEMMILL CROWTHER, Req. GEORGE LEWIS, BIN. I GEORGE GORDON WARREN, Esq. HEAD OFFICE: SPRING GARDENS, MANC aES E'ER. BRANCH OFFICE: KING STREET, MANCHESTER. LIVERPOOL 10FrICE : WATER STREET. LONDON OFFICE; 75, CORNHILL, ESL AND 95 BRANCHES :ANP SUB-BRANCHES IN LANCASHIRE. CHESHIRE, STAFFORDSHIRE, SHROPSHIRE. YORKSHIRE, AND DERBYSHIRE. BALANCE SHEET, as at 31st DECEMBER, 19)S.

PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. GRAND INDUSTRIAL, FOOD AND COOKERY, LAUNDRY AND TOILET EXHIBITION, UNDER TEE DisTuravissEDEPATRONAGE OF THE; MAYOR. OPENS TUESDAY JAN. 19nr, 3.0 p.m. SHARP. CLOSE FRIDAY. JANUARY 29TH, 9.30 rM. OPEN DAILY 11. A.M. TO 9.30. MAGNIFICENT EXHIBITS, FREE SAMPLING STALLS, FREE LECTURES, FREE PROMENADE CONCERTS COOKERY. LAUNDRY, fOILET, &C.. BY LADIES' ORCHESTRA, BY MISS GRACE BILL, L.C.A. TWICE DAILY. TWICE DAILY. CINEMATOGRAPH Ac., ac., 84c. A. CHILDREN AND JUNIORS ADMISSION AFTER 5 P.M. 2D.

PATENT "PEVERIL" FIRE GRATES. TEE MO&T CHEERFUL FIRE EVER INTRODUCED. POSSESSES MANY ADVANTAGES OVER THE ORDINARY STYLE OF GRATE. JOSEPH S. GARLAND INVITES INSPECTION AT THE SHOWROOMS.' 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE STREET WARRINGTON. LARGE STOCK OF WOOD CHIMNEY PIECES IN OAR, MAHOGANY, WALNUT ETC.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE! CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOU,E IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVEgING !SHOE-- IMMENSE dVARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

J. M. GREENHALGH & Co., CABINET MAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS & DECORATORS, 138 & 140, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, 13EG TO INFORM THE JPUBLIC THAT THEY WILL HAVE:ON SHOW DURING NEXT [WEEK A VERY FINE SELECTION OF DINING-ROOM, BRA WING-ROO '4 AND BED-ROOM. FURNITURE, SUITES RANGING FROM ..C9 UPWARDS. INSPECTION CORDIALL I INVITED.

ESTABLISHED is3B. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPCO„Ii, IRAltdfi MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Primed Pictures, saltable,for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, ko. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PIIO rOGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Cordes of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBILOKERS, j EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (BY ALL THE LEAXLIca MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY 07 EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PUR WM. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old aold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken In exchange. Money advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, ac.. to any amount at low rates at interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. • TELEPHONE. 2081.

REMEMBER THE NUMBERS 10 HO RSEMAR K ET SI E ET, FOR THE CHOICEST SELECTIONS IN BOYS' YOUTHS' & MEN'S SUITS, OVERCOATS &C. THE M. C. D. OFFER ALL TRADE ADVANTAGES TO THEIR CUSTO HERS] MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOPING COUGH cure without 1.?? terna HOOPING COUGH medicine. HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists price S. Per tottle.le Wholesale BRONCHITIS Agents : W. EDWARDS S; SON, 157, Queen Victoria CROUP Street, London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBItI ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTEIIS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGI- CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered BoWes. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET.;

A. AND J. AT'LAINE, PA‘. NBROKERS, JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of evert, description. OLD GOLD AND STLVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actof Parliarnen Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China. Marble Clocks. Pictures, &a., &c.. always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BATnAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLEHY. LADIES and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, &c.. &c We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES TIY POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings ot all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Caremily Selected Stoslr of GOLD B .00CH11 :- BRACELETS, &c. GOLD and SILVER ,47.1r0wi..., DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to snit all pockets. AI'LAINE'S RICHMOND CREEP, LEVERPOOL. T. CLARKE, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, EARLRSTOWN. Has always in stock a GOOD ASSORTMENT of FANCY GOODS' ALBUMS (Photo and postcard) also PURSES &c., and Stationery in general. Agent for Diaries, 1934, by different Publishers. Your patronage w'll be much appreciated. NOTE THE ADDRESS, 33. MARKET STREET, EAR LESTOWS,

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. ACCIDENT & DISEASE Small Pox. Scarlet Fever, Typhoid, Diphthlria BURGLARY & FIDELITY INSURANC2 AILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. Established 1849. ....LAMS PAID £4,600,000 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN. Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented aistricts• AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W.H. RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Hay dock Mr. J. BILLINGEThe Willows Sandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW Rookery Bridge Farnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON.&ioorfid House

_ THE THE EMPIRE THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE FURNISHING CO.. THE EMPIRE 300 AND 302, EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE STOCKPORT ROAD. EMPIRE THE THE Tu, C-on -M. MANCHESTER, Business EMPIRE hours: 9.a.m: to 9 p.m. ; Saturday 10 EMPIRE THE THE p.m.; Wednesday 1 p.m. EMPIRE Why envy your neighbour's home? EMPIRE THE THE ~F.,u, We will make your home cosy enough EMP'"'' with WELL-MADE FURNITURE EMPIRE THE THE on our EMPIRE EMPIRE THE EASY PAYMENT SYSTEM THE EMPIRE at strictly CASH PRICES, which is the EMPIRE THE THE reason of our EMPIRE EMPIRE THE GREAT SUCCESS. THE EMPIRE Intend/ng Purchasers would do well to EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE INSPECT OUR STOCK AND EMPIRE THE RIME FOR THEMSELVES. THE EMPIRE General terms, which can be altered. EMPIRE THE Terms: THE EMPIRE Worth. Monthly EMPIRE THE £lO los. THE EMPIRE £l5 145. EMPIRE THE £2O l6s. THE EMPIRE £3O 245, EMPIRE THE £5O 3os. THE EMPIRE Or weekly payments in EMPIRE THE proportion. THE , EMPIRE No security and only small deposit. EMPIRE I THE Transactions private. Goods sent free. - THE I EMPIRE I,e door, Fit al ugu d h e e Catalogues and the t free.post conductor will Carelt y s e paosus EMPIRE EMPIRE down "by request " at EMPIRh THE THE EMPIRE, THE EMPIRE EMPIRE Corner of Milton Street. THE , THE EMPIRE Ive pay return railway fare to each EMPIRE THE purchaser, from districts where! this THE EMPIRE !(paper is circulated.) EMPIRE DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S C HLORODYN E. INVALUABLE FOR COUGHS, COLD, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA 9 - AND ALL KINDRED AILMENT. This 010 and Wei remedy has stood the test of two generations. REFUSE to be put orf with a SUBSTITUTE the ORIGINAL can be had of ALL CHEMISTS if you let it be seen that you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BRO VNE IS THE NAME: 15.1',11n., 2s. 9d., 48. 6n., THE PRICES.

Have you ever im= proved the stew by the addition of a little i ? "Ask ti-• Cook."

ORE OA. 14. S N , _ fefrl , FIRE OFFICE 41) , IVOED FUNDS IN HAND £2,386,639. fior all particulars apply to the following Agents. WARRINGTON....Messrs. J. R. Pickrvere & Son Bridge St. Messrs. Wood & Son. Commercial Clhamb3rs. b 5. Horsemarket street, Mr. Louis A. Voisey. 2t, King street. Mr. It. Lowe, 1. Bank street.

AiernyioL_a STEEL fo r Ladies.lPlLLS A FRENCH REMEDY SUPERS/it/tali BITTS% APPLE. PIL COCHIAC, PENNYUOYIL, &a Price 4s. 6d. post free. Obtainable only from MARTIN, CHEMIST, SOUTHAMPTON

WEDDING RINGS. CHARLES WOLF'S NOTED GUINEA GOLD WEDDING RINGS, A HANDSOME PRESENT, GIVEN to every pur— chaser of a ring. Engagement Rings a Speciality. WALTHAM, ELGIN, & ENGLISH LEVER WATCHES. For Jewellery of every description the public wia benefit by visiting. CHARLES WOLF Wholesale Jeweller, 10, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL

VICICAINICICJOIIICICiV vP‘ PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, &C. FoR MAXIMUM EFFECT AT MINIMUM COST, illiS FURNISH AT wPITT 9 s''').-I'' Established 1815. TeL 1124. 11 MANCH -STER. ..., ii PITTS'S FURNISHING GUIDE - ' Has gained the approval of over fifty different newspapers and thousands of wide-awake customers. The keenest buyers always consult it, as it contains 81'NostprF'creede. AA Designs. GRATIS, ... Cash Quotations only. Easy Payments so per cent, extra. London Rd. Rd. & Caythorn.• PITTS'S STOCK FOR EX PEN P. VARIETY. &B VALUE FOR MONEY is acknowledged /enmity to, tar SURPASS aly other furnishing stock hereabouts. but this time we have certainly eclipsed former records. In. addition to almost every conceivable design in what may he termed" everyday gpods " set out In the usual style, we ore- showing what cannot possibly be seen elsewhere, whether at high class or lower class establishments, th it is, THIRTS RN' SFRCIAIKH FURNISHED ROOMS, ran,Ling in price from bhout 6up to 125 Guineas. These are on view at London- road only.

11)I0TURE POST CARDS,-Bd. doz., 33 ls, 9d.. post free, 1 best sort.—JAcxsorf, Prißter, Burton-on-Trent. • 14,Y1 S.—lnflarnmatinn and kindred diseases speedily cured IA Send P.O. ht.—Davis, 2a Lurrne Gardens Battersea. QIND PO PATOIIS —King Kiward VII. end Northern Star 13 for Sale. cheap —BITTLER. 3 West Villa, Scotter. Lincol n

RHRUM ATlSM.—Marvellona remedy, cored advertiser Recipe 12 stamps.--OLARSCE, 12. Hope street, Antierston , GlAsgow. Is. Joßcr;rii ; i Sflk lrivaets CO.,fnr 200 cipilaAtchYw:r ia Ri Seaford, Lincs. - • Vlpaid weekly on investment of 240. Interest and Capital guarantee& —P4rticulars R. W. CAMERON, Gainsborough.

f'IIiANDFATEIRR CLOCK, splendid condition. good -T tirneke.per, sacrifice 60s. ; bargain.—O,, 101 Tranmere road, Barlsfield. VORTUNR Teller's Complete Outfi'. Ladies' Companion, Fze., 12 stamps.—METILIN, Merlin's Cave. Holywell Road, Watford. PRlaTlNG.—Chesrest and hest ; estimates free. State Your wants to CHAS. BUNKER & CO.. 32 Newgate street, London. - _ - CASH. Any sum ntitisad to prod ucP szoNl or fits. No agents.—D., Box 1608 e/O, SHARROW & THATCHER, West street. London, W.C. ORAMOPHONBS from £2 10.. Tapered arm £7 10s. )1 Lambert Typewriters. £3 109.—HeztEw000, Lower Hare P,,rk, Newmarket.

(i SOUTH-E& Arrows. I*. ed.; Bow, 25.; War Shield, V) 6s. 61 ; Poorneranr, 3s. 6d. ; African Spear, 2s. 6d.- 77 BRIXTON HILL, London.

STARTLING OFFRR.—FIve Colonial Life and Sporting Novels, published at 6s.,sent post free for 3s.—WEBSTER. 68 Woodhouse lane. Leeds.

TMXTRNSIt sUCONSS.— Gmnd new successful Song, entitled ' Jerusalem,' post free le, Ad.—ASPINWALL, Liverpool rosd, Skeltnersdale

RERNHOUSE9. Must be sold before quarter-lar. Great kJ( sacrifice; good living to be made.—H.LRRISON, Rose Cottage, Northenden road, Sale. QPLENDID HOUSES, Bispham near Blackpool. Five 1,7 bedrooms. bath and w e : near tram and sea.— KruGHT. Hesketh Place, Bispham. A RE you Buying or Selliig a Business ? Quick results rik guaranteed. Any locality. Established 1875.—Write NEAVES, 45 Finsbury Pavement. B.C. pHONOGRAPH and six Moulded Records sent carriage paid to any address on receipt of P.O. for 9s. 6d.—A. G. BARWELL, Privett, Alton, Hants.

ECONOMY for those Hying in the country. How to make winter fuel at 3d. per cwt. Receipt sent for 7 stamps. —Coox, 38, Wingate road, Hammersmith.

TTMBHELLAS.—Bankrupt stock, Post tree, ladies is. 9d. gents 24. 9d, Worth double. Smart handles.—ExcEL- &Oß STORES. 518 Kingsland Road. London. II HAL SHRTLAND SHAWLS, all Kinds, from 54, 10s. 154, and 204 upwards On approval.—Yliss A. M, AITKEN, 4, Queen's Lane. Lerwick, Shetland.

QPISCIAL BOX containing 1 Standard phonograph, i doz. 13 record.. 1 electric magic lantern, 12s. 6(l.—J. BROCKLE- BANK, 47, Lonedale road, Millon, Cumberland.

DON'T GO BALD.—Prescription of French Court Hair, dresser. cAnnot fall. Produces luxuriant hair in few days, le.— H., 16 King Edward road, Coventry . TI P-TO-DATH Phonograph and 12 Records, new, perfect condition, never used, accept 61., cash wanted.- Ilixcocx. 2 Millbank Street, Stockton-on-Tees.

APPLIC TRHKS.—A few throe-year-old Lord Grosvenor. Stirling Castle. and Rolinville Apple Trees on Sale.— Apnlr to Joint PIMBL.Y. Maghull. near Liverpool.

y ARGB assortment of New aud Second-hand Leather Suit, .11-1 Cases. Cabiu Trunks,Portmanteaus. and Bags to be sold cheap —WENTE.R, 107 Charing Cross road, London. WHAT! your Kettle's furred ? Then try a ' Vitalite Auti-incrustator ; purifies water, collects sediment postave fki.—RttLoc, 44, Albert, road. Routh Tottenham. 2tt Post tree, Ladies' Stylish 'steel-tube Umbrella- S. YD. livery purchaser presented with pretty lace. trimmed Handkerchief.—SLADE. Draper, Mortlake, S.W. D HUBARB ROOTS.—Early red variety, very prolific, suit- IL able for forcing, 2s. doz , 14s. 100, planting size, 50 for 34., 100 51.—A. GoonwiN, Market Gardener, Ponders lind,N. SURGICAL APPLIANCHS.—Price list and Assorted Samples is post free, and free from observation. Agents required.—LONDON INDIA-RUBBER CO, 68 Webber street, London S.R - - ilYSTßßS.—Delicious American, warcanted absolutely V/ pure. Specially recommended for Invalids. P. 0., 100 5a.; 60, 2s. 6d. ; , 25, Is. 6d.—CHARD, 34 Leadenhall street, London. DICI UNA Postcarl Collectors.-12 Picture Postcards (cop' right), superior, with descriptive letterpress, 9d. Complete History of Post Office, lid.—BrAcxwELT... Post Office, Northornpton.

hOW to make a Pat or dog do as you wish, no need of whip or call. bound to do as you desire. Secure Ibis secret by sending is. P.O. to E. GODWIN, 9 Fairhu:st,Osmers Hill, Wadhurst. Sussex. QMART SKIRTS, actually tailor-made ; fit and style beyoni reproach ; every skirt made to customer's measurements ; price 6s. 6d.; lovely patterns free RAWDING, Retford. Notts.

RVERbIONS.—AII classes ot Reversions bought: quick -LL completions ; loans arranged at low rates Mortgage senurities wanted at 3i to 4 per cent.—T. SMITH WORSLEY. 26, Cooper street, Manchester.

LLALINK TBKRIS, /kiwi May. Mabel Love, use Mark- , selwyns extraordinary Retanapbtbol Soaps. Three shilling tablets, 20. 6d. Salaried representative required. 111188F.1./. COMPANY Tot tenhan3.

V OUFIG by using my mirvellous preparation you CATI grow a soft glossy moustache in a few weeks. I will send box in plain wrapper for is. postal order.—HERBERT WARD. 14 Thornhill road. Croydon.

111,ROTRIC POCKET LAMPS.—No. 3,' le. 3d.; No. 4;' IC. Triple Battery, Is. 6d. ; No. 5.* Nickel case with bulle.eye reflector, .28. Tie pins, 3e. ; refills, 10d. ; all post free. (P.B ), DELAMORE, Littleport.

PICTURH POSTCARDS.—Have you views of Llandrindod Wells in your collection ? If not send seven stamps to G. GRIFFITHS, Caxton House, to secure packet of eight. Lovely view china at reasonable cost.

2 gt Post free Marvellous Value. Pair Black or Grey S. VD. Corsets. Three large Hemstitched Handker- chiefs. 1 doz.n Torchon Lace, a lace-trimmed Handkerchief presented free.—SLanc. Draper. Mortlake. ‘ATATBRPROOP COVSK3, same material and pliable as Y railway sheett,l2lt. by 9ft. 12s. ; 15ft. by 9tt 15s, ; and any size at is., per sq, yard with lashes ; Cash re- turned, if not approved .—HENRY 3. GAssott. Rye.

AGENTS WANTHD, London and provinces, to represent leading West-end credit firm, supplying ladies', gentle- men's Clothing, boots, &c.. on cre it terms.—Address MANAGER, 541 Battersea Park road. London, S.W.

VOUNG'S BLACK STAR HARNIS3 COMPO.—This Compo excels all others for its Gloss and waterproofing Quality Sold in ls. tins. Price to Coachmen per dozen. 78.—VVuoLEss.DE DepoT, 205 Rbury street, London. S.W. -- 1 NCOMR TAX NRCOVIMRD.—Persons who have any „II Income from Property or Shares, Ac., can recover the Income Tax on it if their income is less than .8700 per year. —Send addressed envelope for" Hints on Income Tax,"free, from R. W, WALLACE, 18a, South Castle street. Liverpool. —— EBOTRICITY l—liverynne interested in this science should oroeure the" Practical Rngineer " ELM:II'Hr CAL Pocket Book and Diary for 1904. Price is. 2d.. post free; in leather, gilt edges, Is. Bd.—TEcEtracer, PUBLISHING CO. (LTD.) 287. thanegate,llldanchester, and all Booksellers. LIDNIUND B. DAKIN. St. Paul's Buildings, Sheffield, earnestly solicits your patronage on behalf of Rnglish Industry.—Razors, is., is. 91., 21., 2s. 6d., and 35. each SCISSORS NAIL or BUTTONHOLB,II. 3d.pair ; CUTTING' OCT or BMBROIDERY, Is. 3d., is. 64., is. 9d. and 2s• pair; PISHEIRMAN"S SCISSORS (useful present), Is. 6d pair; LAMBS' POCKIIT KNIVBS, Is. 3d., Is. 93.. 2s. and 2s. Ad. each.

-lUXECUTOR'S SALE.—Pair double-fronted Semi-detached _LI Villas. Liverpool suburb, well let. rentals £23 each, tenants paving rates ; nn chief rent ; price £135, subject to mortgage of £6OO at 4 per cent. Soeculators or investors 33 Freehold Houses (subject to chief), near Shiel Park, Liver- pool, id. tram to city ; rents after chief, £356 its. : price £2,901; £1.600 can remain at 41 per cent.—ARTHUR WADE AND Soles, 38, Lloyd street, Manchester. -- - A S LABOUR is an RSSRNTIAL of LIFE! So ,is a tt M A.RKET of ENGLISH' LABOUR: WORKMAN'S 17qSFUL, KNIFE 10. and is. 6d. each; WORKMAN'S EXTRA STRONG KNIFE. 26. and 2s. 6d, each; WORK- MAN'S IOCK-KNIVES.I. blade, 2s. ani 2s. 6d, each ; GENT'S POCKET-KNIVES, le 3d., is. 95.,25., 2s. 6d. and 3s. td. eaoh ; SMOKER'S KNIVES 4s. 6d.,58.and,65. each ; LADIES' F a NOY KNIVES, 4r. ss. and 7s. 6d. each; SPORTSMAN'S KNIVES 2s. 6d , 3r. and 4s. each; BOYS KNIVES Is., is. 3d., is. 9d., 2s. 6d. Ac. each; DESK KNIVES (for office use) 6d. and le. each. Postal orders.— EDMUND B. DAKIN, St. Paul's Buildings, Norfolk street, Sheffield.

TIDHONOGHAPHS— becortle 6s. Dozen perfect.-12, ATEARA ROAD, Teddingtoll Lon ion. wiso s and POVBRTY ; price 2d., from DAVID J. Woods, 55, Hartley street, Belfast.

1 9 SILVEtt STEEL TABLICWARR ; forks, tea, 1.4.4 dessert spoon., Is. 3d.—SNOW, Merchant, Glen- field, Leicester. SIGNS AND Liannts of every description made to order by.E. R. LATHAM, Glass Decorator and Sign- maker, 89, bensnaw street. Liverpool. IVING AWAY, Phonograph Record Revivers for a short VT time "only, send stamp to.—SPINKS, Arley Grove, Armley, Leeds. M ATf free sampleSTßKrj G PENDANT pi TR NDDi.Ap 07 542 ( s lsTr Freedoml* se tr o aisls Walkley, Sheffield. FAM& FOR SALE at Billinge nes!. Wigan, 47 acres statute measure including mines and min=rals.—Apply is. B. Timm?, Solicitor, St. Helens

(11-IARACTERS. characters very carefully delinca.ted from k.) any photograph, send P.O. shilling, PROFESSOR SET- M HIR, 3, Melton road, S. Tottenham. N. r MMES.—Send for 3 pairs splendid black Stockings, post _LI free is 2d. worth double; bankrupt stock.—FRJNIC HARROW. 337. Haydon's road, Wimbledon. M Waltz, —Battle 4d p March of Delhi, plhcio l3y, anti ElmearTo. aSh opanlist Thorpedale toad, Fihsbury Park, London, N. ‘4 ATRI MONIAL POST," sealed sd; with circular 9d. Ltl, established quarter of a century.—EmToa, "M. Post." 12, Trafalgar Buildings, London, W.C. QUIT LENGTH., marvellous value, Bs. 6d., us., 12s. 6d., &c.; also Trouserings, patterns free.—J. HARPER, Woollen Merchant, Gledholt, Huddersfield. - IDLACKPOOL.—ON SALE, HOUSE, North Shore, four _LI bedrooms, two entertaining roOnis, wa.h-house,pantry; mortgave arrangarl.-44. CARSHALTON ROAD

FARBIBRS,—Ihe WARRINGTON GAS DEPART- MENT have 100 tons SPENT LIME ON SALE, at 6d, per ton.—Lomyoßn qss WORK., Warrington. IHIP POTATO and Cook Shop FITTINGS, every variety ki Champion Ranges, Potat) Peelers, Shop on Wheels 116 page List free.— MABRIT S. Poland street, Manchester.

FRETWOHK OUTFlT.—Frarne, Saws,Cuttilig Table, Rule Hammer, Drill, 3 Files, Desian and Catalogue 3s. post free ; Catalogue 3d.—SYER I Co., 45 Wilson it. London,l3.o

QUIP FERBRi from Eczema or other skin troubles; s end SF postcard to FULLER, Dept. 86,Chernisc, Norwich; or free bottle of Dr. Newton's Non-Greasv Eczema Cream : aura core

1) LOGIC of COTTAGRti, City road, HRime ; shows over 101 A) per cent after chief, in splendid repair, recently paintea ; in great demand.--WILLIS. Cambridge rd, Southport _ QUPERFLUOUS Hair Removed Suncessfully by !Dec- -1.3 trolvsis ; Moles and other;Disfiguring Marks.—Miss VIHITEHEan, Ogden's Chambers, 97, Sridge-st., Corner of Deansgate, Manchester.

rlh A PAIR of WHITE BLA.NKHTS, very best quality, full sized for double beds. sent carriage paid on receipt of 10s. ; money returned if not as represerted.—Royle Cliesdle, Staffordshire.

(IA lITIHOh'S PILLS, composed of Apiol, Pennyroyal. Tansy. and Steel. supersede all others, in boxes, 71d., post free, sole agents.—N. U. BALDWIN AND Co., Chemists, 9, hlectric Parade, Holloway.

46 A NSWICRS " first nriz N. New Firelight blo,ic make glowing fire 1,003 Times for 11, 3cl. post free. wit blaze half an hour. ,4101endid for bedroom in cold weather BaoCKLEHURST, 9. Fishergate, Preston.

- QTRRILITY in women ; its causes and curative treatment. 1,..) By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women, A New Edition just published, post free 3s Bd. London.— SHELLY SG CO. LTD, 38, Graeenhureh-street. (10 REBSPONDIINCR GUILD for enquiring Protestants, ki conducted by lay members only. The SEcitrrenv,l62. Willesden lane, London. N.W. will be pleased to receive enquiries respecting the Catholic religion. --- -r OOK !-4,000 Pairs New Military Bluchers; sewn very • best leather soles; will send one pair. any size, post free for ss. 6d. per pair; money returned if not approved of. —H. J. GASSON, GovernmentiContractor, Rye. NETTING. RTTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goat Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every deseription.TlioNtse JouNsoies, Net Warehouse Corporstion-strest. Manchester.

FREE TREATMENT OF COILS. BAD LEGS. ECZEMA. QUICKLY cured by celebrated CIRTAP PILLS and OINTMENT.—TrraI boxes free on receipt of penny stamp—PATRICK. Dept. 70. 34k. liarehills avenue. Leeds.

WATERPROOF CAPRi sizn.cs titsble for cyclists or men exposed to the wet. ;Omen, . arms free, yet covered from the weather, post free for 3s. cash returnedif not approved of.-11. J. Gissox, Gov ern ment Contractor, Rye.

ADAUM CISING Co nbinei and Procinctiva. Advertise meats inserted in 50 gond provinc'al tfewspiners. with guaranteed Circulations, givmg unrivalled publicity, from 6d.—Prospectus and Testimonials free Address `• NEWS- PAPRR CORPORATION." 47 Flee street, limion ti.C.

• I 'HORN QUICKS, oral leaf privets Oft to 6ft) ; Fruit Trees in great variety;Rores,Ornamental Trees. Shrubs, Evergreen Ivies, and other Climbing Plants. All of the finest quality and very cheap. Catalogues free. —ROB ERT HonsoN, Manor Farm Nurseries. Cup-late Penw Irtbam. • rpo BE SOLD.—Farnworth. new Widnes.—The extensive 1. Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Dint with riding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. floaxiNG, 16 Fenwick-street. Liverpool. - - - TO TAILORS AND MERCHANTS ONLY.—Our new -L Winter Patterns of Tweeds Coatings, Overcoats, Rain- proofs &c, are now ready. Newest Styles and Best Value in the Trade. Patterns Free. Parcels Carriage Pairl.—Apply early to A OLIPHANT and Co ,Manufacturers and Merchants 133 Tronast e, Glasgow

TABLE DUMMY of Sheffield Manufeetu re. "Will give 1 you eatisfaetion DICSJERT FIPOONS OR FORKS 3e. 3d half-dozen ;TABLE FORKS or SPOONS. 4s. 6d. half- dozen TEA SPOONS 3s. dozen, Is. 9d. half-dozen; DESSERT KNIVES, 3s. 6a. 48. and 6s. half-dozen TABLE KNIVBS, 4s. 6d., Es. 6d. and 8.. half-dozen. Please order white or dark handles. IVORY TABLIC K BIVRS • 255., Ms. and 355. dozen; IVORY DESSERT KNIVES, 20e. 225. 6d. and 25c. dozen. Any of the above earriake paid on receipt of your Postal otder.—ED3IUND B.D km/s, St. Paul's Buildings,Norfolk street, Sheffield.

OtOrks. ttlEifiltsses ett• VISH, CHIPi, and FBAS Business. with Gas Engine.- 12, ellooK EITRERT, Radcliffe, near Manchester.

Oft SALR, good Obip and Fish BUSIN 83S, doing be- 1. 7 and 8 Bags weekly. Giving up business through ill-h.alth.—Apoly Fr,6o, 128. Ch*Del-lane. Wigan,

TO PARTIES WANTING A SOUND BUSINESS IN LIVERPOOL. BRO WN AN D CO., ACCOUNTANTS. TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS. AND VALUERS. ESTABLISHED 1875 WILL BUY, SELL, OR VALUE ANY MASS OF BUSINESS, STOCKS. OR MtCHINKRy. WILL FIND you A PARTNER WITH TO £5OOO, NO SALE, NO COARGE. 34. SOUTH JOHN STREW, LIVERPOOL.

'A: anteb.

riIKIPORARY NURSE ?'anted at once—Apply to the MATRON. Isolation Hospital, Warrington, WANTED Steady TEAMSNIAN to live in or out —Apply to THOMAS lISARTLAND, Stags Head Farm. Ai ntree. WANTED Good THAMSMAN. cottage on farm.—Apply to THOMAS TowissEND, Mawdesley. Rufflrd Station.

13HOTOGRAPHIO STUDIO WANTS') to rent in War- rington.—Apply with full particulars to JOHN, 89, St. Luke's-rod, Southport. 1/18. WEBKLY in spare time, male or female ;no risk V send stamped envelope for particulars.— MANAGER Victoria Buildings. Bury.

NV, ANTRD, Wrought Iron and Lead Figures Old Gates, Marble Mantlepieces Garden Ornaments. Home," Farm lane, Fulham. ivIAN WANTBD, £2 weekly and commission ; regular employment ; experience• unneceasary.— Address ACME SURFACE Co.. Blackpool.

J' OM WORK. Earn money with the Quickest. simplest and latest improved Harrison Knitter, lists free.- 48-112. UPPER BROOK STREET, Manchester.

LIGGi from splendid pen BARRED ROCKS, grass run, 121 ss.—Jo ns GEORGESoN, Pansey Cottage, Square lane Latham, Ormskirk. 1)I1E.-50 to 80 STORES for sale each week. All sizes. Delivered free. Inspection invited. TAYLOR, Newton-le-Willows. "ORR !Of pr owl,. ; With meal 12s 6d. ; fine chicken meal. 12s 6d. : put on rail ; cash with ordei.—Eursa and Co., Biscuit Factory, 15, Strand- street, Liverpool. ipowL CORN, 7s 6d. 108 6d, 12 6cl, 2401bs ; Pig Food, 7s 6d If per 2001b5.—RocnE AND Co., 15, Goree piazzas Liver- pool. Mention paper. DURE PRIZE BUFF ORPINGTONS, grand layers; eggs 3s. 6d. cozen ; unfertiles replaced. Valuable recipe to make hens lay in winter, 7d. each.--J. WARD, Cromwell Lodge, Malvern.

pOULTRY MRAL.—We are now making special Meals for coming winter at 8s: and 103. per 2301bs , sacks inclu- ded.—RocilE AND Co., 15, Goree-piazzas, Liverpool. (Mention naner,) ruo BB SOLD large white and middle white STORM, 10 1_ pigs 3!- months £l4 104 8 pigs 5i months £l4 10s. (fraud lot in the pink of health and conditinn, or what offers room wanted. „ PEDIGRER large WHITE BOAR, two years oil, very pro- lifin produce of grand stock, quiet. £7 7s H.—Apply 23, LETFIELD RoAD, West Derby, Liverpool. Bight minutes from Knotty Ash tram terminus.

QT. BERNARD BIUO4 seven months. orange and white; splendid pedigree. sell cheap, make good watch, com- panion and breeder, Owner no room.-34 VRoxHILL siREET, Toxtetb, Liverpool.

r Y Utility White W andotte pens contain birds of the .111_ besti laying strains in existence. Write for cstalogue. Eggs 69, to 10.. dozen ; reduction after March. Unfertiles replaced.—A, POWLETT, Monas-Kirby, Lutterworth.

EGGS FOR SITTING, from prize Strains, Buff Orpington, No. 1 pen, 6s. 6d. per doz. ; No. 2 pen 55,; also Brown Leghorn, Jubilee Orpington. Partridge and White Wyan- dottes, Houdane and bits, r Grey Dorkings, at ss. per doz. ; unfertiles replaced.-4pply HaesELL, Massey Hall Poultry Farm, Thelwall. ILCOX'S POULTRY SPICE produces more eggs.keeps VT fowls healthy. prevents gapes and cramu in chickens; tins 6d and is post free 8d and 1s 3d. Try Wilcox's special Game and Poultry Meals 18s and 15s per cwt. Wholesale Agents Wanted.—A. & F. WILCox, Sandyford, Stone,Staffordshire.

]4ottlO, pporos, Zoarttini 05tab

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 7t. HUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. C ENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. ABERYSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 21 guineas per week, or 9s per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.30 o'clock. For TARIFFS , apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

- apartmentq furnffsbeb 3Llousses ett

APARTMENTS for one or two GRNTLIDifiN ; bath room &c. ; close to car terAninus.-15. FAIRFIELD ROAD. Stockton Heath

BRIGHTON.—Lady's House Furnish.d. excellent position £2. Shops and Villas £26 to £9s—Yourrn HOLBECK AND SADLY/R, Auctioneers. Bricrhton.

BRIGHTOq —Lady's House, furnished, excellent pos,tion L. Shops and-Vlllis, £26 to £9s.—Yourro HOLBECK AND SADLER, Auctioneers, Brighton. (Mortgages wanted). - BOARD-RESIDENCE, Electricity, Electric Baths, /cc. for invalid gentlemen in well appointed house of trained Male Nurse.-STuteramoux.Hoseote Parkr,West liirbv.aheshire

RIVATIC HMIS for LIMBS before am* durinif Accouchernent, with a fully-trained nurse and midwife; terms reasunable.—Applv, sirs HAWTHORN, 21 Gaythorpe street, Moss Bide, Manchester.

eburation. UNIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTEI PORT. V A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHIOL Fait BOY& T. ISHERWOOD, M.A., LL.D., D.C.L., Principal. - - VIOLIN .-NEW METHOD BY tiEVCIK, tutor of Kubelik and Koolau. • For terms apply Mr. T. BOOTHROYD'S VIOLIN, MANDOLINE, ZITHER, BANJO, AND GUITAR STUDIO, 9, SUEZ-STREET, WARRINGTON. -- (ZOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL, SCARISBRICK 1 NEW-ROAD. One of the LARGEST PRINTATH SCHtiOLS in the North of England. CAPT. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.O P.. F.R.G.S.. Head Master.

VAIRHAVEN RIGEL SCHOOL FOR GIRLS near St. Anneston-Sea.Bracing position,seaside.extensive accommt nation High-clats Modern Educatian. Staff includes Residen., B.A. Mistress. and nine Certificated Teachers Exams. successes. Principal: 1111•13 MILLE N. 'THE HIGH. SCROOL, 23, WILSON-PATTEN U STREET. W &Rid NnTON.—PRINCIPAIS : THE MISSES PARTINGTON, (cert Oxford Women's, Oxford and Cambridge loeals senior. Trinity College. London. Ac) TAR NEXT TERM WILL COMMENCE THURSDAY, JANUARY 21ST. 1904. "AT HOME" WEDNESDAY JANUARY 20TH, PROSPECTUSES, TESTIMONIALS ac., ON APPLICATION. MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M.' Professor of Music. Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's (Ihiircb. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTHX- POINT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 109 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134. LovELY-LANE Warrington.

EAcONFIELD SCHOOL, WESTON, NEAR RUNCORN. High-class Boarding And Day School for Girls. Preparatory School tor Boys, PrincipaI,MRS.SPRUNT. Assistei highly qualified Staff of Teachers. Teaoher of Pianoforte Mum MATtosnET,Cnieztorm.L.R.A.M. Preparation. for Oxford and Cambridge Local Matriculation, Musical and Drawing Fxaminations. Spring Term begins Wednesday, January 13th. Mrs. SPRUNT at home on Tuesday, 12th inst. VVARRINGTON GRANIMAR SCHOOL —TH.E NEXT TER WILL BEGIN ON TUESDAY JANUARY 19th, 1904. THE HEAD IMA4iThR WILL BE AT HOWE ow MONDAY, THE 18TH TO INTERVIEW PARENTS. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, &c. PREPARATORY FORM FOR BOYS FROM 8 TO 12 TEARS OF AGE. PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SC HUOL.— FEE. £4 4s. PER TERM. N.B.—Boys entering over 14 years of age pay £5 5s Od per term. THE NEXT TERM BEGINS, TUESDAY JAN. 19m. 1904. ENTRANCE EX AMINATION,MONDAY.JAN.IBth,at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, forms of application, Ac., may be had at the zchool. The bosrcling house in connection with the school is situated :in Higher Broughton. The Art school evening classes re-open on Wednesday, January 20th. A class for ladies and teachers is also held on Saturday mornings. OWEN W. COX. Receiver. URM STON LADIES' COLLEGE. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SO !IDOL FOR GIRLS, PRINCIPALS : Mrs. B. ELLIDGE, Trained Certificated Teacher, iCert,fied Scienee and Art Teacher, South Kensington. Miss M. HOLLAND, London Trained Kindergarten Teacher, Assisted by a full staff of Resident English and Foreign Governesses, Visiting Professors for Piano, Violin, Singing, Dancing, and Cansthenics. Pupils prepared for Oxford and Cambridge Local and Music Examinations. Prospectilles and References on application.

Edfloliej) XPSCTATIONS UNDER WILLS, or Lite Interests bought. or advances made. No charge unless business results; advice free ;Life Policies purchased.—E.NOWLES, 57A, Dale street, Liverpool. LZ4. At from 3i per cent to be Advanced f2r 0090 00 on Mortgage or Deposit of De.ris in sums to suit borrowers in any pa.ts of the countrv.—J. ST READER, 5 Cook street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

'tIF ONEY LENT PRIVATELY. Ii A YOUNG GENTLEMAN. knowing the diffilolty in obtaining PRIVATE CASH ASSISTANCE, and having large uninvested funds, is ddsirous of lending sums of £5 to £l,OOO to Tradespeople, Farmers, Pub'icans, Lodging-house Keepers, Jobrnasters. Medical Men, Clergymen. Manag.rs, Foremen, Clerks, Ladies and Gentlemen. No loan Offii formalties. Distance no objsct. Letters answered at once, and the actual lender will call with the cash. Special terms and immediate attention to applicants from Warrington and Cheshire. Why get sureties, pay heavy interests and large Instalments, when you can borrow at reasonable rates. 0. RUIPIPLL EN, 64, Bickerstaff street, St. Helens. - -- NO FEES ! NO PINES ! ! NO PUBLICITY!! ! ct3AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY in STRICTEST PRIVACY to all respectable House- holders, Tradespeople. Farmers, and all ersons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, " on bimple promis- sory note only," at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit all classes. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to THE CHESHIRE AIWANCE CO, 13 Legh-street, Sankey-street, Warrington ; also at 16. Greenwood-street, Altrin2ham. Head Office 59,13runswick- street, Hightown, Manchester. All applications and letters Promptly attended to.

U NION CREDIT BANS. LIMITED Established 1838. Registered Capital, £l^o,ooo. HEAD OFFICE: 38, RENSHILw-STREET. LIVERPOOL. "'Advances made from £5 to £5,000 upon personal security. Deeds, Shares, Policies,Reversions Annuities. 84c. £lO Repayable ss. weekly. Entire Interest... £0 14s. 94. £5O „ 20e. „ „ £3 8. Od. £lOO „ 40s. „ ~ £6 15s. 04. 1. Other sums proportionately. Bills discounted. Also ad- vances for fixed periods. SHA.RES bought and sold for customers—Further particulars on application, personally or by letter Tel. 2438 Royal (Liverpo3l). RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

IMPORTANT ANN'•)UNCRMENT TO THE PUBLIC. WE ARE PREPARED TO GRAN'n SPECIAL TERMS TO ALL PERSONS BORROWING MONEY FROM Us. Do NOT P ESITATE. BUT WRITE AT ONCE. WHEN OUR MANAGER WILL CALL UPON You AND GRANT YOU THE AMOUNT YOU REQUIRE. NOTE THE ADDRESS: 1, EAST STREET (NE &R THE COUNTY COURT), ST. HELENS. Established the last Century. _ 0N E Y .-NO FEES. NO FINES. NO VI SURETIES. NO BILL OF SALE TAKEN. The great secret in borrowing money is to find a respect- able place where you are honourably dealt with. This old-established office is well known for its respeatabil- ity and moderate charge of interest. You can rely on 'its privany. Before applying elsawhere apply and be convinced TO THE MANAGER (J. CALvERT). Claughton Chambers, St. Helens. All letters promptly attended to

£lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £5O —ADVANCES MADE to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT, on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERMS FOR StMET PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit made by our Manatzer on same day of application who will wrant you the money AT ONCE if satisfactory. NOTE: THE BRADFORD ADVANCE Co., 691 FrAYDOCIi STREET NEAR THE MARKET PLACE RARLEsTOWN. £5. £7, XI% £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. A DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- ti. MEN. FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. *hie Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLN DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN, U. COWER, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATIoN. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOODWIN. .B.—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

ESTABLISHED 210 to £l.OOO Immediately advanced on NOTE OF HAND ALONE. LOW INTEREST. EASY REPAYMENTS. NO PRELIMINARY FEES. Special lierms to Farmers. The number of yAars I have been estab- lished is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always condinted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARMS. 2. KING-STREET. HANLEY ; OR 13. NEWGATE-STREET. CHESTER.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY In large or small sums (not less than £10). payable by instalment., or as may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. Tbe undersigned has been ESTABLISHED UPWARDS OF THIRTY YEARS, and ha. formed a very large connec- tion. During the last 20 years alone, the total amount lent by him EXCEEDED £1,250,000! He has received HUNDREDS OF UNSOLICITRD LETTBRS OF THANKS and has annually, for the past seven years, issued selections from these in pamphlets, of which nearly 400,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for Advances. or any Information de- sired, will be supplied FREE OF CHARGE, on aoplication, either personallyor by letter. to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20 KENNEDY-3TRKKT,NIANTCFIGiTTR - - - LOANS GRANTED DAILY, ANY DISTANCE, PROM ,t 5 TO £l.OOO FOR ANY IMMEDIATE WANT, 8U51N499 OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or star,ing new business, on simple promissory note. No fines. All applications immediately attended to. Apply in confid- ence, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN CO., PARKER STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS.

sionToiBZrltooo, AI'LTNEY 'lallnOdNeFv-4 eYt o elk laOhNe hearty II t at before going elsewhere to call or write to m. in Con- fidence and convince yourself that mine is the lowest interest and lowest rate of Testament in England. The entire charge £5 to repay £5 6s. Od. RIO to repay £l2 Os. Od, £2O „ „ £24 Os. Od. £4O £4B Os. Od Larger sums proportionately. No *b ona-fide application refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at 'once to J. JENNINGS (private house), 9, ACADEMY -ST., I WARRINGTON. No delay. Sttictest privacy whether business done or not. Cash delivered on day of application. Distance no objec.s • VROM .E 3 AND UPWARDS. DONE FAIL TO I. GIVE US A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable Is 64 weekly P. 20 repayable 7s 64 weekly. £5 , 2s 04 „ £5O „ 17a 64 „ £lO 3s 64 ~ £lO3 „ 395 61 ~ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS aodly in cnn- lidence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31. CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HOURS, 9 am to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTE NID ED TO. ps, ADVANCES FROM cy-/".wa -C_TPWARDS. PERSONS WANTING TEMPORARY CASH ADVANCES SHOULD NOTE THE ADVANCAG-ES OFFERED AT THIS OFFICE. (1) THE DESPATCH WITH WHICH ADVANCES ARS COMPLETED. (2) THE SIMPLICITY OF PROMISSORY NOTE, (3) THE REASONABLE RATE OF imrRREiT CHARGED. (4) NO FINES FOli, ARREARS. (5) REPAYMENTS ARRANGED TO SUIT CON- VENIENCE OF BORROWERS. (6) NO BONDSMEN OR SURETIES REQUIRED. (7) ALL BUSINESS STRICTLY PRIVATE. (8) NO APPLICATION FEES. APPLY PERSONALLY OR BY LETTER. S. A. UERBACH. 123, MOUNT PLEASANT. LIVERPOOL.

TOIVLE'S OHLORODYNI Renowned for COUGHL, Consumption, TOWLE'S CHLOIIODYNE BRONCHITIS, Asthma, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE INFLUENZA, Spasms, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE 24 doses for 2s. DIbTRUST ALL IsIITATLONS ANTI) SUB- STITUTES, See that A. P. TO ,VLE anl SON Is printed on each bottle. DR. SCOTTS PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER COMPLAINTS. DR. SCOT I'S PILLS HEADACHE, DR' SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTICN, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE .MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices is. 1-id. and 2s. 9d.

CORNWALL. ENGLAND'S IDEAL WINTER HEALTH AND PLE&SURF RESORT WHY, IN ORDER TO AVOID THE COLD AND FOGS, INCUR THE TROUBLE ANJ EXPENSE OF A LONG FOREIGN JOURNEY WHEN THE GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY =74 CAN TAKE YOU IN A FEW HOURS TO THE DELIGHTFUL CORNISH RIVIERA. FACES TO REMEMBER.-CORNWALL DURING THR WINTRR ALWAYS ENJOYS A MAXIMUM OF - SUNSHINE AND WARMTH.

EXCELLENT HOTEL ACCOMMODATION', THEITREGENNA CASTLE HOTEL AT ST. IVES IS UNDER THE COMPANY'S MANAGEMENT. DIRECT ROUTE TO THE SUNNY AND fITT T Y ISLAND S. SALUBRIOUS JIL4LJ FOR BOOKLET AND ALL INTFORNIATI ON APPLY TO THE SUPERINTENDENT OF THE LINE PADDINGTON STATION, LONDON, W. JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager:

carried out are laid down in the Board Regulations for Secondary schools, which may be obtained either di- rectly or through any bookseller from Messrs. Eyre and Spottiswoode, East Harding street, Fleet street, London E. C. Should this course commend itself to the Governors, an application for such an inspection should be made by them with as little delay as possible, as the collection of the preliminary information which it is necessary that the Board should possess before the inspection takes place will occupy some considerable time. I am Sr.c, (Signed) W. N. BRUCE. , V. B. Davies, Esq., Market Place, Warrington. It was decided that a special meeting of the committee be held on Thursday, the 21st January for the purpose of meeting the • repsesentative of the Board of Educa- tion. Suggestions with reference to the provision of higher education in the Borough,' which had been pre- pared by the,Chairman of the committee and the Director in accordance with the decision of the com- mittee at their meeting on the 29th October, 1903 were submitted, and it was decided to hold a special meeting of the committee at 2.30 o'clock on Monday, the 11th January, 1904, for the purpose of formulating a scheme to submit to the representative of the Board of Educa- tion at the meeting to be held on the 21st January. At the meeting on January 11th after deliberation, it was resolved that, having considered the suggestions for the provision of higher education' in the Borough, the committee desire to express their warm approval of them, and to place on record their gratitude to the Chairman of the eommittee and the Director for the trouble taken by them in the matter. . At a further meeting of the Committee on Thursday mat the matter was again under consideration. The Committee expressed their approval of the scheme, and recommended the Education Committee to adopt it.

COUGHS AND COLDS. THE PUREST AND MOST EFFICIENT REMEDY PROCURABLE IS VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. w. LASCELLES-SCOTT, F.R.M.S., GEO. KNOX, M,D., and other important authorities approve of and recommend VENO'SIILIGHTNING COUGH CURE because of its purity and great efficiency in curing coughs, colds, bronchitis, asthma, catarrh, weak lungs, and children's coughs. Rev. W. DACRE, 5, College Villas Road, South Hampstead, London., writes June 17th I have a high opinion of VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. I have used it with mach benefit to myself and have recom- mended it to others." -Ask fer VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE at Chemists end Drug Stores. Price 9:td., Is. 1.1 d., and 2s. 9d. Sold verywhere. DARESBURY PETTY SESSIONS. ---- TUESDAY.—Before Mr. H. Nield (in the chair), Col. Ridgway and Mr. Roger C. Parr. MiscELLf,.sv.—Walter Harmer, 12, Greenall's-avenuen Stockton Heath, was charged with leaving his horse and lurry on the highway without anyone in charge o 24th December.—The officer who proved the case stated that the defendant was away 20 minutes.—The defend- ant said he was away only a few minutes while he had a shave. He was fined 55.--Robert Large, of Narrow- lane, Statham, was fined 2s. 6d. for riding a bicycle on the highway at 5.40 a.m. on January 5, without a lighted lamp.-IVlary Jane Finn, acting as a pedlar at Latchford, on the 11th inst., without a certificate, was sent to prison for seven days. CRUELTY TO A. HORSE.—Joseph Eaton, of Runcor was charged with cruelty to a horse by working it whilst in an unfit state at Grappenhall, on December 16. Inspector Gibson, R.S.P.C.A., proved the case, and said the horse was very lame. It had since been destroyed. —Lithe circumstances the Bench ordered the defendant to pay the costs, 3s. 6d. GAME TRESPASS.—Jame; Davidson, Cartwright- street, Warrington, was summoned for having on the 2nd January, committed a trespass by entering in the day tine in search of game on land in the occupation of Henry Dodd, at Walton. Mr. Draper (Messrs. Robert Davies and Co.) prosecuted on behalf of tha owner of the land, Sir Gilbert Greenall, aAnd said the keeper was on duty in Walton Superior when he heard two shots fired. He went in the direction of the shots and saw four men one of whom was the defendant, in the field with a dog and two guns. The men were seen to pick up a bird,but the keeper was too far away to see what it was. The men than disappeared, and subsequently got into a boat and went away.—A fine of 10s. and costs was imposed.— Richard Hughes was summoned for trespassing in search of game on land belonging to Sir Richard Brooke, and in the occupation of Mrs. Done, at Kekewich, on the 29th October and the 31st October, 1903. The defend- ant was farther charged with using threatening language to Joseph Jones, keeper. Mr. Browne, prosecuted and stated that the defendant was summoned on the 10th November, 1903, with a man named Isaac Smith. The present defendant did not appear and a warrant was issued against him. Smith was dealt with at the last court, but the defendant Hughes was not apprehended until the previous day. Mr. Browne called a Mrs. Wkite (who saw the defendant on the land) and the keeper Jones. The latter stated that the men were very violent. Their pockets were bulky,as if filled with rabbits or hares, but he did not search them, deeming it not wise to do so under the kircumstances. Each man picked up a large stone, each larger than witness's fist, and threatened to knock, his head off if he interfered with them. Defendant was fined 40s. and costs, an advocate's fee being allowed.

The -., MINUTES ~ PAIN CURE ....,, FREE Dr. GEORGE if. JONES, the eminent Surgeon-Dentist, writes: "1 consider Lined l Liniment a wonderful antidote for pain. I have used it in the course of my Dental Practice with most successful results, and in obstinate cases where other means have failed to 'give relief."- GEORGE JONES, Surgeon-Dentist, Great Russell Mansions, London. 1L1N1mE.:::...,..1 LINImE.:::...,..1 ... Cures RHEUMATISM RHEUMATISM in 5 minutes. Cures EARACHE in 5 minutes. Cures NEURALGIA in 5 minutes. Cures TIC ill 5 minutes. Cures LUMBAGO ill 5 minutes. Cures SPRAINS in 5 minutes. Cures SCIATICA in 5 minutes. Cures BRUISES in 5 minutes. Cures GOUT in 5 minutes. Cures CRAMP in 5 minutes. Cures HEADPgI-IE in 5 minutes. Cures STIFFNESS in 5 minutes. Cures FACEACHE in 5 minutes. Cures ALL NEUROTIC Cures TOOTHACHE in 5 minutes. And MUSCULAR PAINS in 5 minutes. Cures COLDS and COUGHS in three or four applications to throat and chest. Cures CHILBLAINS in two or three applications. Cures RHEUMATIC DEAFNESS in 5 minutes. LINIMENT .1, Nearly 500.000 Free Bottles of LINEEL LINIMENT have been sent out in response to as many letters, which can be seen at the Company's Offices. And in no single instance that has come to our knowledge has it been known to fail in absolutely curing pain in five minutes. YOU ARE we NOT ASKED TO BUY Simply send a penny stamp for postage, mentioning this paper, and a Free Bottle will be sent by return post. Every day receive extraordinary and grateful letters, testifying to the efficacy of LINEEL LINIMENT in curing plin• It would cost a lot of money to publish all these, and it is much more convincing and satisfactory to send you a free bottle, so that you may test it yourself. Sold by Chemists, Stores, &c., at 111 i and 219 per bottle. LIN EEL PILLS Are the best remedy known to Medical Science for INDIGESTION, CONSTIPATION, LIVER COMPLAINTS, and BAD COMPLEXION. Sold by Chemists, Stores, &c., at 111 i and 219 per box. NVI:ITE FOR MEDICAL LEAFLET. The LINEEL CO., LD., 16, Bevis Marks, London, E.C.

• . , . • ..*••,..1=,•,••...., , *,-.• • .., FOR A FEW •WiIN NOBLE, LTD.. are offering their up- to. date Stock of Dresswear and, ' WEEKS ONLY Household Drapery at SACRIFICE PRICES. With the sole object of inducifig inquiries for the.ir . • SALE CATALOGUE —sent POST FREE to all— ' • ~ J.N.Ltil have se pet,' this 11F. . ; a MA RKABLE 01. FER aS an tn-tance 1... .t. , ~,,,„4, of the STARTLING ItEDUCrIi.,NS made in i,ll their del artments. / , 4 09, ~ ~ , A_ WlNnnn Ladles' Styl;sh , ~,,V Half-Guirtea .. TIU.UU '• /' ' ' ER d 8i I I ( DRESSES . . car. 6d. ex • , •e• / , i Medal 20112 (as sketch). Neatly cut ;. ' ii; BODICE, • oke and sleeve s lined, :.; "i",r tucked pouched front, collar anti ;.' /%,"1 yoke effectively trimmed braid and !' / finished six buttons. Tailor-built ~ ,/, / SKIRT, s•ylishly t ut, inverted pleat .f.'" 2' , at back, side fastenings and t ocket. 4., P f In .T.N. Chev'ot Serge or irt Special , • %-,%''' /,,,, Zibeline. Colouis: Black, Navy, t. • 7, 0 / Broa n,Grey , Royal, S'ate,orile,da. ' , . Sale price, tqn.. Car. 6d. ex. . ~, 7 7, During the Sale. this Model ' • can only he supplied in Stock. •,' r: Sixes: Bust, 24. 36, 38 ins ; , 7 / ... Waist, 24, 26, 2,1 ins. ; Skirt, , - , „,, front length. 3.4. 40, 42 ins. ~., / •,,,, , Please quote Diodel No. • -,,,, .4:4;5", ..1 ". Myoorze rneottufiar %du elf. ,: WRITE NOW,. elintir ' • --, . • fa _ _

. . . . . ^-• I. .4 ,ff.sk.k, -1-.. 0,, - g-a irl,. ,f-,4. -:r.o. P.-4-kol ?, - , ..",, -,. '.: . ' 4 ....: 1 'e: '''' • +.g 'r ~,,,n, 1.--_,Z*,,A, A.,,,1„,,,..„,u-.,...,-...,..2‘itfx;,-, ~,,---:-,.7t.,,,,:,....,.. ,:,: ' .-- - -' • .---:-..,'.-. ..- ~ • ..•,, ifts worth - Save . . . . your , . -.t. , , ~...,. '... ~. 2 1969 wrappers , •"" ~ 'A.. ' to users of Soap ~.y.,,,.. Watson's -- '' You use it. .-.,. . Get some . Matchless . of the -,,,,, ...... ...,.„,e, Cleanser , .. „....• , .. . THE BEST SOAP FOR ALL PURPOSES. Equally good for Bath, Toilet, and Nursery, as well as for Household and Laundry. , ..., .: ....,,,i Made from the Purest Materials and has The Largest Sale in the World of One Pound Tablets. ..,,...,-.:,. 4 ' • ,:: • . ANOTHER GREAT PRIZE - •..i.-: ,- ~..,..."-‘ .-., COMPETITION. . . ~...,..,:"...: • 120,419 Prizes Value £25,969 . FULL PARTICULARS ACCOMPANY EACH PACKET. Send Wrappers of Watson's Matchless Cleanser,Watson's Spark:a, or Watson's Nubolic Soap to the address below— , JOSEPH WATSON & SONS, lA. . Ehat:2o.l, i Leeds :,."--'• . 4.. ;,:,?. Every competitor in the previous competition received a prize. •• ''' ' THOUSANDS OF COSTLY AND USEFUL ARTICLES. , ~.• :!**, •, , .. , , ,:- ' .., - .., . ,

AS ANYBODY who has tried Holdroyd's Gravel Pills whAt they think of them. They're bound to say they are a positive cure for Lumbago, Gravel, Pains in the Back, Wind, Dropsy, Gout, Kidney Disease, &c. Try one box, Is. ltd. all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps. Holdroyd's Medical Hall. Cleckheaton, Yerk..—(3) M ERRYWEATH ER ON WATER SUPPLY AND FIRE PROTECTION of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements. WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS: MERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63 LONG ACRE LONDON, W.C.

540 , 't • I .. -•_ 99 nth, i' 1 si . „,..: ,i, 10- .----,,,.. _ „, ..t, _ The universal Disinfectant; ~ THE ONLY DISINFECTANT Fit for Household Use. FRAGRANT, NON-POISONOUS, DOES NOT STAIN. I i SANITAS" is used at most HOSPITALS, : and by most BOARDS OF HEALTH. Pamphlet Free on Applicastion. : FLUID, SOAP POWDER, POWDER, FUMIGATORS, SOAPS, FLOOR POLISH, EMBROCATION, SULPHUR CANDLES, de., dc. THE " SANITAS" CO., Ltd., Bethnal Green, LONDON.

WASHING AT HOME. sEADTORD'IS "VOWEL XLS,, Washing wittiest. and Ma.ugling Machines SAVE TIME, SAVE LABOUR. and SAVE THE CLOTHES. Write for Catalogue, }est free es mo4eastiess. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140, IV, and 142, HIGH HOLBORN, LONDON ; VICTORIA AVENUE, DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER; rgo, BOLD...FROMM Ltvzirow.; CRESCENT IRON WORKS, SALFORD.

DR. DE ROOS COMPOUND RENAL PILLS Arejustly celebrated all over the world as the moat safe and epee dy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Lumbago Gout, Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other [Deposits, Stone in the Bladder, Discharges, and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from comtamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words. " WALTER DH ROOS, LONDON," thereon, by order of his Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietor Holtord House, Holford-square, London. W.C.

, • DON'T COUCH for KEATING'S LOZENGES , _ • EASILY CURE THE WORST COUCH.. One gives relief. An increasing sale of over 80 years is a certain test of their value. Sold in 131 d. tins everywhere. , • -z...—....- , ----- -.::.- FOR. F -.: • ,;........ i :----: ... USE ..- ~..... ..:: .... .. _, .., I 66 \ bV LINSEED 4)6 r Tr IRAARDKLco mpoutio . ,• oF, ..,.... . ~ KAY'S COMPOUND ESSENC . OF LINSEED ANISEED ETS i :A 'O ' 0A.45. I.lll' '6.. N'tiß.s•-pizoytt - .. • IC°X.Cj° _Op " NSEED COM POUNO" llit is a reliable old English home remedy. It softens herd phlegm, permitting it to be expectorated without train, soothing the membranes and allaying _the irritation §,p come perir There is nothitr

rodats tri CuserAvD Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custard is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO ECM ! NO RISK NO TROUBLE!

Dales• ow Is a wonderful water proofer for 7 BOOTS & HARNESS. Sof- tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow polish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGHEST * la's irill AWARDS. Tins 2d., 6d., tl. 6'216 0 Boot Makers, Saddlers Irononters nu,,,,in 6r.c. Maxnfattari: nt East Dubunch, Lenidon.

CRITC HLEY'S STARCH GLOSS. Registered No 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN 'ff' STARCHED. Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used In every house. Once tried, always wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEVI The greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to starched Linen.Laces.etc It does not stick to spider—web-like materials. Bold everywhere in rackets at Id.. 3d.. and 6d.. each. PREPARED ONLY BY T. eßrrenLey, Chemist. EILTIVICSURN. 7. Whiter troPt. T (mann. B.C.

CaSUMen Is the most sustaining Food on earth. COMPLETELY REMOVES INDIGESTION. CON- STIPATION. UNIQUE for ANA MIA, FEVERS, GOUT, CONSUMPTION. DIABETES. RHEUMA- TISM and INFLUENZA. Write for free sarapla of CASUMEN, with LANCET report and full particulars. ilb post free Ie.—PRIDEAUX'S FOOD CO., MOT- tIOMBE, DORSET: or through Chemists, Stores. etc.

KEARSLEY'S 100 YEARS REPUTATIOn t'd4 IXII4 Z =I-d WIDOW WELCH 'S - FEMALE PILLS. - Awarded Certificate of Merit for the cure of all irregulari- ties, anemia, and all female complaints. They have the approval of the medical Profession. Beware of Imitations. The only genuine and original are in White Paper Wrappers Boxes is Lid and 2s 9d of all chemists, or by post, 14 or 34 Stamps by the makers, C and G KEARSLEY, 17, Borth street, Westminster. [Note White Wrapper.]

TOWLES. ai , _ : ---1-ain- Ails 16- -L-- PILLS 1 TO 84HAD OF ALL CNEM/SIIIN BOXES ///,..2/..9, • 0R460R SENT ANYWHERE ON RECEIPTOF 15.31 OR 55 STAMPS BY E.T.TOWLE at C°,66.LONG ROW NOTTIA(CHAN. . ,

FOR THE BLOOD r.S THE LIFE CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who hay received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes an further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to ‘ight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blooe Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of allkinds, its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and its, each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY 1::00LN. Beware of worthless

BENsoN LONGis WATCHES L ATCHES AND INs .11f1 s FOR LADIES or,, . , ........_ ,---__- _ li. ..- Li it. .... 4 L.,.. ~z N \ GOLD ---1-'''' WATCH / liri c` Q 1,, .41,--....., ',:'• / S. t. ' i r.)--- 2, ~1,..A._....-, c g.,,...--\,„.4.,-, AND / • ''''' ...*•-• , ,r- ,Akirl ' ct -F 74 ' ''ArY- 0.. / ':•... '''-- ' \ '" VIVP' (t CHAIN, ' g..,- '.11.":•,- ° cilli",N .. in t er: N ;1, ~ A , ..., \_A. • .- 'SA__ •-/ 76 it' Vl,'' twiis,-t, -/-"T. complete ' \ 1:0--:•.. , t> N. •-•1 , .),,,,:,,, t7;-,„." ;4,/ from , -4 I \\N, -;•,/,/ 0 , ..i.3 , ~...:, -I( \,i ,v ' 143. •\-- -. --/ g. .0 Ladies' Lever Watch in 18-ct. Ladies' Lever Watch •in 18-ct. Z ' 6 child Hunting, or Half Hunting Gold Cases, Gilt Dial, a';', 5. Cases, £7 . 10s. 2. C" .0 I ts, ~.. MANY OTHER DESIGNS .405 TO .5(11. u 41 m , 0 -- - .. , ,4 ___._±.,_ ~,) o,_ --____)l,.9 Ac--7 '-'021191111111;z-.,-) fl, c• --am...._ - i _ Nl9 ,(1 ', .0 6,,:g4fa,P,,'fi', • • t ~), _ "g ,',ik,,-ii:y ....eh Yr' .1 -.. rtrVc. ••,-.,•>'• r„.: f ~..; -,- .. • th sor) t) ,--t 'N.,,--77_____-1--11"' '4" itt 1 o (A) 7-1 Bubv. or Sepehire Brilliants, £l5. Sapphires, or Rubies, Z'') ..., .t., -6 cc! aad Brilliant-, £2,105. and Brilliants, £6. 'V 7" S,' (I Can be purchased on "Cbe CimeS" System of' e - . 11.) MONTHLY PAYMENTS at the same prices as for Cash. . _ ~......1 - anc_P____lvrlN (09' iir 1 ________j' ,) c•-_----------,,..-.--,,e-e," et ..., • (;) ,4044. , . . . . ~ %ado,- Single-stone _ Brilliant. Rubies, or Diamond Rings, Brilliants, Pearls, £1 . ss. Sapphires, £2. 159. from £2 . ss. £l2. ILLUSTRATED BOOK of Watches, Clocks, Chains, Rings, Brooches, Bracelets, "Imperial" Plate, Cutlery, Bags, Suit Cases, &c. Sent Post Free. J. W• BENSON, Ltd., The Premier Watchmakers, FSatcetsorray : 62 & 649 LUDGATE HILL, LONDON.

ro, 61, . VINII t' • • . ' . A Beautiful Figure and improved Health is ensured to wearers of this perfect Corset. The latest model of a fashionable expert, anatomically constructed to give strong kkh." v support and improvement to the figure. Ladies who use this new model corset say it is far and away . t.' the best ever manufactured. PATENT • B• SIDE - SPRING CORSET ..._._ ___• ' 111 . BEAUTIFUL IN CONSTRUCTIBN. UNRIVALLED IN STYV. , • -':,ii PRICES 3111 to 106. Obtainable from the principal Drapers and Ladies' Outfitters, but if any difficulty in procuring, write for name of nearest agent. ' S Insist on having- the J.B. .Sia'r-Shrine Corset—The Rest. • i IMPORTANT. -The wear of every J.B. Corset Is absolutely guaranteed by the Sole Manufacturer. J. S. 131..A1R, Great Ancosts Street, MANCHESTER.

Fo a FIRST-CLASS 13:1IV ATE DENTISTRY TEETIi. Annointinents unneoessaryamt .nsty be arrange& TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Haat patient informoor reciubeThre ta Cll. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at modems. charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendmics. TEETH. P• Exotfraorrizionass ha:l3ltxtrireto b7t kl TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13,300pralloos weekly. Gaon. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY HN.1.101 31ADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ...GEORGE-SUMO' MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 A.M. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON SAN KEY-STUN? WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. Rnamoßlf, 31. BRIDGFeSTREET THURSDAY, 2 to 5. AIIPPLEMARKET-STRES FRIDAY, II to 12. and 1 to ,6.

Marriages. COCHRANE-ItRpLEY, January 9th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. A. S. Cameron, Robert Cochrane to Ellen Bradley. SHERIFF-LOVELL, January 11th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. G. W. Dickenson, Frank Sheriff to Cinderella Lovell.
