===== 0002601_19040806_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
over g his . the ;land

===== 0002601_19040806_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
tn the welve ; this 3 tired nd of

of the ed the 83 did which.

ine err ,no for elri3l ;ountY )res essed 3 fouTJniOO nes he co he ing t° ,d the

from 4intry: vial ;T tiral

AerdnY ICO a rell hal,'"

trvitcl, Idha'T/; Leshire• erlandt

;taeleY,i oornecr -street' George now'

r raci The :vs loa nissi°,ll hat tl

_ _'

rkr,F:F•ll N'sforlgo 1.0 „ ifarkeb- ,

===== 0002601_19040806_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
4 _AjilllL , 14.-:'

81-OK, RECEIPT. and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS Printed. Bound.2Numbered and Perforated to order.

JOHN WALKER:AND CO.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. Locomo rivEs ACT, 1898.

NTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN. that the Cheshire 11 County Conceit intend, at the expiration of one calendar month from the date of the first publication of this Notice, to apply to the Local Government Board for the confirmation of a certain BYE-LAW made by th,m (t ursuant to Section 6 of the L-:comotives Act, 18981 at a Meting of the Council, held at Chester Castle, on Thursday, the 4th day of Ani2ust, 1904, AND NOTICE IS BERM FURTHER GIVEN, that a copy of such Bye-law will be kept at the Office at Chester of the undersigned, the Clerk to such Council, and the same can be inspected by any of the Ratepayers of the County, without fee or reward, any day during office hours for one calendar month from the date of the first publication of this Notice. AND NOTICE IS HEREBY ALSO FURTHER GIVEN, that cop:e of the said Bye-law may be obtained at the aforesaid Offir.e by any Ratepayer of the County on pay- ment of Sixpence for ev, ry hundred words con'ained in such copy. Dated this sth day of August. 1904. REGINALD POTTS. Clerk to tha Chedrire County Council. Conceit Offices, Northgate-. tre; t, Chester.

W , HY GROW BALD? YOU CAN GROW HAIR BY USING ANTI NOPIA. OF CHRMISTS, OR POST FREE ZS. 6D., FROM

EABY & CO., " 21, RAILWAY APPROACH, LONDON PRIDGIL

ALL KINDS OF PRINTING FOR

CONCERTS SOIREES BALLS

TEA PARTIES SERMONS MEETINGS &c.. ‘Stc EXAMINER OFFICE, whataiNGTON.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. EXAMINER OFFICE,

BRWSRY-STRBIIT WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 355 Y. HANDBILLS, in large or small quantities cheap and effective. Estimates given for all kinds of work.

fßontp

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. lIAHRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HALEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CHKSTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to Ei.nor. ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. DAT': TTE:i wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJRS should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF S SIALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO TH BORROW ER. THE ABSENCE OF ALL FEES. NO BILLS OF sALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED. AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative mill call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own homes or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known, and my reputation stands unrivalled. ,

===== 0002601_19040806_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
partintntslgurniobai ilouors etc.

MTCAtlelaßnild—raMrcri. s R. et! .vita wimrhst., Hp7awntoh orne House,

BLACKPCOL—Mre. WHITEHEAD and Miss HatirrwEr.a.,s9 Albert rd.; 2 mins. from Central Station and sea ; piano.

F'ASTBOUR&fIL—Send post-card for list of all available APAELThiIiNTS.—VVATeort,?B. Junction 111,Hastbourne.

A PARTMRNTS, very central. near parade and sande.— LI. lars.BruirmwAtTE,Bltham Terrace,Prom..Bridlington.

DUBLIN.-APARTIONTS with or without Board, moder- ate for visitors, central.—Mrs. Jour( [SEYMOUR, 58, Eccles street.

IVI.ORECAMBR,—APARTMENTS ; every comfort and attention ; terms moderate.—Mrs. BURY, 23, King at.

COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS; one sitting, two bed- kJ rooms (three beds).—Mrs. MoRPIiET, Main et., Dent, Yorkshire..

I OSFOILTH.—Country APARTMRNTS to be Let; terms moderate —Aim Trios, Denton Lodge, Gosfortb. near Eeascale.

D LACKPOOL—Co f ortable APIRTMBNTS near StAtion:- ls. per day or 4s. with board.—Apply Mrs. YATES, 28 Swainscn st.

OUTrIPORT.—Mrs. FOSTER, 8, Wesley Street; borne from home ; electric light ; near stations and pier Terms moderate.

-- QT. ANNISS-ON-THX-,EA.---Mrs. LORD, Y 2, t. Andrew rd., South; Public and Private APARTMENTS; highly recommended.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTMELT I clobe to s.a, stations, amusements ; `aeds Es.for two ; bo ad 4s. 6d. day each,— PALMER. 93. Albert rd.

IA OMR FROM HOMR Comfortable APARTMRSTS close Ii to sea and Station, Terms moderAte.—Miss RICE ;7. Edward Henry Street, }thy!.

TRBLAND—Country House APAKTMH NTS, for August and September ; moderate.—Miss MILLER, Burnside House, Portstewart co. Derry.

SOUTHPORT.—Comfortable APA.ILTAIRNTS ; good Beds, moderate terms; two minutes' watk from pier.—The NURSES ASH WORTH, 35. Bold et.

DRIGHTON.- LADY'S HOUSE. FURNISHED. excellent position, £2 ; shops and villas. £26 to £9s.—YottxG. HOLBECH, IND SADLER. Auctioneers. Brighton

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. FOGG Glasson H ouse, Fox hail t•quare. Homely, Comfortable APARTMENTS, Is. per day. Close to Sea. Private Apartments.

UPISHIOH APAtirklliNT, at Farrnhoase in healthy and J bracing country; fine scen.,ry.—Mrs. DitoBLEY, BlaCon. House, Dalton, Parbold, near Southport.

VISITORS to London will find clean, country APART- MINTS, good beds; terms moderate; near Angel.- 116, LivERPooL RD., Islington, London.

NI oiptKi aer, A Promenade:Mß ki. P A batsßT 14- ::11TanSo;; cc;colsenatecoomWmest accommodation. —Mrs. SHIRPLES, 65, Albert Road.

QCARBOROUGH.—APARTMIUsI tS. near sea; home corn- t.,7 forts, go cooking ; 25. 6d. per night each including brenkfast.—YoßKE, 41, Langdale rd.

AMSRY.—Hartshill, Mooragh Promenada.—Superi or I PHIVATH APARTMEN3 S ; olting and bathing from noor ; terms moderate.—Mrs. W. WALCH.

MOR SCAM BE, W.B.—Mrs. B. SIMPSON. Hungerford House, 36, Westminster rd.—APAUTHBNTS and Boarding; bath and piano; nice open view.

BLACKPOOL —Superior A PARTMENTS ; borne com- forts ; minute from sea ; piano ; terms strictly moder- ate.-1, KIRBY ROAD, near Manchester Hotel.

QCAHBORMIGH.—APARTIIdtiNT:i ; 2 sitting-rooms, 7 IC bedrooms, bathroom, pianos ; pleasant, healthy Situa- tion.---Mra. SPRGEANT. 61, Garfield road.

A PAitTMBNTS.—One sitting, three bedroom.; August .Pl. 13. Beautifully situated. 30s. per week,—Mrs, FOULIZEM, Iklertyn Downing, Mostvn, Holywell.

A BERYSTWYTH.—Furnished APARTMIiNTS, three -It minutes' walk from sea terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. HUMPHREYS, 2 Clpslybeate st , Aberystwyth.

NTORTH WiLRS.—APARTMENTS TO LET, 1 sitting ind 2 Redroorns ; very bractriß mountain air.—Miss JoNza, London House, Gwyddelw.rn near Corwen.

-E)LACKPOOf Comfortable AP,IRTSIRNTS ; three 1/ minutes walk from Central ~tation an 4 sea. Near all amusements. Piano.—Mrs. T GIBIoN, 39, Chapel et.

LIPLACKPOOL.--6ornfortable AP—ASTMEINTS, terms moderate. bath, piano, accommodation for Cyclists.— Mrs RIGG, 25, Keswick road, near Central Station.

I\T ORM WALB DON DISTRIOT.---fARMHOUSH 11 APARTSIHNTS, charming view.; sea and mountain air.—RonEßTe, Coin Coch, Leanwnda, Carnarvonshire.

'IOIIIFO ,LT ABLI9 Country APARTNItiNTS, delightfully k.) situated. Four Crosses Station. Cambrian ; good fishing in two rivers. —LLOYD, Hampton, Four Crones, °ewes. ry.

ONDON.—Visitors will find Comfortable APANTMIINTS 1J at Mrs. ItuEßßY's, SO. Downbam Hoar], Kingßland. N. (late of Bradford) Bed, meat break fast,9s. 6d. ReeornmenJed

SC° TLAND Innellan, Firth of CIycie.—COMFOItTAB APARTMItriTS. with attendance, at Dhunellan, beau- tifully situatei in extensive groun.ts and riar golf course. Apply Mrs. Ker.

Q- - - RANGF-OVHB-SMID3.—VeARTMENTS, two sitting rooms ; three bedrooms ; piano ; pleasantlY situ- ated ; near Lake District ; terms moderate.—FßEAßsox, Broughton House.

4 NSDELL, LYTHAM.—SmaiI Modern VurnishedlHOU• E r% TO BE LET, with gardens ; three bedrooms (4 beis) bath h. c ; and pleasant ; nem" station and golf links.— Address HAvFNEtoLmE, Ansdell.

NHAR fiew Forst and :FS%.—Furnistied House. two P.- caption, five Bedrooms, Bathrcorn (h. & c. water). Garden, rennis- awn, Stables. &c.. on 51 acres. Moderate terms.—Bertiss, Faw'ey. Southampton.

Nr08A3164, Wt. • Visitors wiil find comfortable homely APARTMRNTS. with or without hoard. at reasonahle terms, with Mrs JENNINGs, S•anley House, 26, Clarendon-road; one minute from Pier and Alhambra.

CIBNTRAL WALES t•PAB.—If you require APARTIVIINTi k_J an of the Spas in Cf•ntrel Wales advertise in the " liadnorshite Standard," publithed Llandrindod Wei's, Circulates in Liandrindod, uilth, Llangammarch Wells. hn d Llanswityrt Wells.

oin tOrpoAsiti ,e 13 7.. rTert 11' RPI(W) olditii ICAaUteßreArNe Tr: Morecambe. Large and email parties catered for satisfac- tion guaranteed. Moth.rate priees. Cyclist amommodation. Hotdinnt-rs every citti: Apartments

300r5e5. Tarriagegc Eibt *tack & r

ON SALII, smart LIVIMPOnL GIG (rubber tyres) ; or exchange small Turnout —W HALLET.94,Ripon st,Prestm

A FISK, STOIN PIGS ; also five Sows (due in abouti month,) cheap to cledr.—T. tinrox. Farmer, Grassen- dale. Liverpool.

()N SALE USEFUL BAY MARE. 14-?, eight years old.— Apply to T. HORNBY, Dog and Uun, Long Lane. Aughtnu, near Ormskirk.

HORSES.—Heavy Town Light Lamy COB and PONIES always fot sale. Also Store pigs.—Appty DICKINSON, Merchant, Orroskirk.

Sall sizes, delivered direct from breeder in Anglesey. All orders carefully attended to —ThYt.ott, Newton-le-Willows.

SBT BLACK COB 15 hd. sound and good worker; fAir trial £lB.—Apply SAMUEL DEARDEN, Briney Hey Yarnt,Burnedge, Itoehdalt.

()N SAL:4, very smart, bright, bay COB, 14-2, rising 4. roun.i, quiet, and good worker. Also TRAP and. HARLOW, together or separate. Price reasonable.-5?. Ilion ST., West, Glossop.

ITHSICO SUDORIFEC for lame or unsound Horses.— , Vesico Sudorific is the quickest, safest, and most famous remedy for Splint, Spavin, hini2bo ie, sidebone, Capped Hock and !Mow, Curb, Windgall, Tumours. Weak Legs. ttc. Price 2s. 6d. or Oa., of Chemists, or post free—GREGORY Co., Temple, Bristol.

A SMART TURNOUT —FOR SA.LB, ROAN PONY, 12 ithandi,six years old,with black points,and Silver-Mounted Harnefs and Governess Car ; a real show pony. perfect in everything ;a chvnee that is seldom met, with ; always driven by alady.—Applv Mrs. R. RUDD, 509, Eccles New rd„ Weaste, Manchester.

fIIG HARNESS. Full size £42. 61. Cob sizes £3 15, ; k 3 Pony size £3 61. Cab or busineis cart harness £4 10s Strong van harness £4. Farmers' strong cart h.rness £3lO. All the above are hand made in nor own factories. Heav7 cart saddles and breeching, £l, Cavt bellybands 3s 6d. Plough pads 25., 2; inches British (government 140,ckeru1s and tugs 10s 6d. Cart oollr.rs 5s teel hames with honks Is 61 per pair. Black waterproof cart cover fift 6in. by 61t Sin. 4s. 6d Men's brown leather British Government navy belts 6d. All goods sent on approval. Illustrated catalogue post free on application to JARDINE, contractor to H. M,. Government, Nottingham.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
til!.',

===== 0002601_19040806_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,1 fr;.'• 4

===== 0002601_19040806_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'44=,

4

===== 0002601_19040806_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
picked by the very filthiest of people. Nearly all fruit to be had in the shops, is open to this objection, as anyone will readily admit who has seen a colony of fruit pickers which has been drafted into the country It is one of the privileges of great men and philo- from the slums of London, or other great cities. As a sophers, that they may say things which set the world rule they are of the lowest and dirtiest class imagin- thinking, but which if said by ordinary people would , able, but there is a limit to all things, and when it is be regarded as simply stupid and silly. One is rather . all worked off, we can only hope that the dirt and filth inclined to take this view of the statement of a leading is not enough to contaminate the great bulk of the American physician, that the human race is degenetat- fruit that is offered for sale. That seems to be the only ing because women have taken in recent years to study, security, but at the same time, it it best to wash all and the higher training and culture. Then again a fruit popular French novelist said the other day that mascu- that will stand cleansing in water. line and feminine beauty no longer exists in Europe. I Frenchwomen, he declares, are never beautiful. They I may be pretty, and engaging in looks, but this he considers, is due to their consummate art in matters of dress, arrangement of the hair,and so forth. The answer to all such critics is, of couise, that the girls of the present day are healthier, better made, and better look- ing than were those of past generations. This is just as true in France as in this country, and though there are I some young people who give themselves to overstudy, it is nonsense to say that culture and physical degenera- , tion go hand in hand. Flats and Ruined Tempers.—Many young couples have attributed the failure of married life to the mis- take of taking a" charming little flat." They hope to secure home comforts with a minimum of household I cares, and only learn later on when tempers have become sadly impaired, that living in flats very often means living in a constant state of irritation and warfare with one's fellow beings. Die people who stamp about over- head, the pianist at her scales, on the right, the vocalist on the left, the barking dog below, and bawling children everywhere, all are a maddening source of annoyance, which, in course of time, makes the most amiable of sufferers short tempered and irritable. It is therefore not surprising that the demand for flats should be fall- ing off, and that many enthusiasts who once looked to them for the solution of domestic and household ills, do so no longer. If flats could be made really sound- proof, and free from the annoyance of tramping feet and banging of doors, they would be habitable, but look- ing at them as a whole, it is well to avoid them as being conducive to incompatibility of temper. The Ugly Motor Dress.—The motor car is not itself a thing of beauty, but that is no reason why motorists generally should affect an unnecessarily hideous garb. At some of the fashionable seaside resorts in America, the police have forbidden them from wearing masks, or protruding goggles, and i motorists will persist in turn- ing themselves into child-frighteners, people will begin to think that we shall need similar restrictions over here. Men are the wont sinners, but many women also, make objects of themselves, though there is really no need to adopt a disfiguring style of special clothing. It is certain that neither tailors or modistes have yet devised a becoming automobile equipment, but motorists - might at least refrain from going to the hideous extremes now so frequently seen in the streets. The Importance of Colours.—The long spell of hot and blazing weather we have had this summer, ought to do something to teach us the art of harmonizing the cool, and kindly colours. That it is not too well under- stood is often painfully apparent. Who, for instance has not experienced some feeling of resentment against the woman dressed in startling hues, which presents a, glaring contrast to her hair, and complexion, and carry- ing perhaps, a crimson or purple sunshade. Such a spectacle on a very hot day is enough to set anyone of artistic tastes in a perspiration, but how different it is with the woman who dresses in perfect taste, and well studied regard for the sympathetic scheme of colour. She, on the other hand, will east a sense of coolness all around her, and very often the mot, simple and inex- pensive toilettes are the greatest success, if adapted in perfect taste, to these important details. Concerning Coiffures.—Fashion is as elastic in the matter of hairdressing,as it is in millinery,and provided one keeps somewhere within bounds, one may dress one's hair, very much as one pleases. To prove a success however, the style fixed upon dust accord with features, height, and style, in fact with the whole personality; also it should hide defects. Fringes are out of favour, but a fringe should be worn in the case of a high or receding forehead. Further, if a head is too flat on top the hair should be waved and turned back over a rounded cushion; if a face is too narrow, the hair should be kept low, and well puffed out at the sides. Should the ears be large, or too prominent, the offending members must be hidden by means of softly waved loops of hair. The classic style as seen in Grecian statues, has been fre- quently observed of late, but when we come to consider that it demands a perfect profile, faultless outlines, and a neck that is full, white and rounded, and that few women are blessed to this extent, it is not to be marvel- ledat that the idea has not always proved a success. Large Hats Undesirable at the Seaside.—The picture hat and sea breezes cannot be said to go well together. the result usually being a dishevelled head and a bad ache therein. Tied down with a veil, the large floppy hat is just possible wear at the seaside, but then we are leavin .1, the veil severely alone just now, moreover it has been far too hot and close to swathe our faces in clouds of chiffon, tulle, or gauze. To see large picture hats rearing wildly in the breeze, anxious to float away like miniature and highly decorated air ships, and held on to their mooring of hair and pads by long and dangerous-looking pins, makes one hot and out of all sympathy with the wearers who afford so undesirable and uncomfortable a spectacle. Rosy Cheeks.—The colour comes and goes, and one's maid can fetch and carry it, as Lady Teazle said of her dear friend, but some of the beauty specialists have introduced a new method of producing rosy cheeks, which dispenses with old-fashioned rouge. It is accom- plished by means of tatooing,and has the advantage that the "roses" will not wear off. But it is more than prob- able that they will, in course of time change into a very undesirable shade of mauve, a decided misfortune one would think. On the whole, rouge would seem to be preferable, but it is still better to avoid all artificial aids to beauty,rd try and cultivate, by out-door exercise and careful living, the natural roses of good health. Eating Uncooked Fruit.—One of the medical journals tells us first of all that the strawberry is nearly all water, and of little value from a dietatic point of view, and then that it is not safe to eat, because it is usually

MADGE.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
DAIILED GIRLS.

Story of an Adventurous Career.

William Thomas, the man whose arrest on charges of swindling women resulted in releaseanda King's pardon for Mr. Adolph Beck, has told the police a remarkable story of his past career. Beck has already , served five years for frauds which he had not committed. The story related by Thomas was re-told on Tuesday at Bow-street. According to Detective Kane Thomas in his state- ment, said his proper name was William Augustus Wyatt. He was born at Sturton, near Horncastle, Lincolnshire, in 1839. His father was a man of some means. , He then proceeded to give a sketch of ,his career, from which it appeared that be had when young, lived in Russia had studied medicine at Vienna, gaining degrees of M.D. and M. 0., and that when war broke out between Prussia and Austria in 1866 he joined the Austrian Army as a volunteer surgeon. At the conclusion of the war he went to America, and travelled about the States, practising as an oculist. In 1876 he visited England, lodging at Islington until his arrest in 1877. On his liberation from prison in 1381 he went to America, and continued the occupation of an oculist. Some time about the beginning of the nineties he • went to the South Sea Islands. Evidence was given by several young women. Evelyn Edwards, a waitress, for instance,said the accused spoke to her, and asked her if she would like to live in St. John's Wood. He drew an alluring picture of thousands of pounds' worth of jewels, and at last, dazzled with the proposal, she consented. He gave her a cheque, and tried unsuccessfully to borrow a ring. On trying to cash the cheque she found that the prisoner was unknown at the bank. Then she informed the police. Another girl, who parted with a ring, was promised £2OO to purchase dresses in order to accompany him on a yachting trip. When he practised in Adelaide, as Dr. Meyer, prisoner —according to Mr. Day, a watchmaker, who formerly lived there—kept a carriage and servants. Prisoner, who had nothing to say to the magistrate was committed for trial.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
VEGETABLES UP-TO-DATE.

The strict vegetarian and all others who appreciate the very useful part which vegetables play in our d .ily dietary, must often wish for a means of making the homelier vegetables more appetising. A simple and most successful way to accomplish this, is to serve the vegetables with an appetising sauce. Such sauces are easily made with the aid of Brown and Poison's " Patent " Corn Flour. Brown Sc Poison's publish a special recipe book entitled "Fish and Vegetable Sauces," a copy of which will be forwarded to every lady sending a id. stamp to B. Sz. 14., Paisley. The recipes include sauces for even the most common vegetables in daily use, such as carrots,turnips.cabbage, &c., and to serve such vegetables with a good sauce gives them an added relish.

INTERESTING GRASS EXPERIMENTS.—The grass experiments of Mr. Ernest Park at Kineton, in Warwick- shire have now yielded their third annual record. The fields are on old grass land originally poor from long repeated mowing and grazing without return—land locally regarded as hopelessly poor by nature,and typical of much neglected grass land throughout the country. In one field, by the advice of Dr. Dyer, who is superintending the experiments, superphosphate is used as a phosphatic manure, and basic slag in the other, this difference being due to natural differences in the proportion of lime in the soils. Some plots are left • unmanured, others treated every year with basic slag or superphosphate as the case may be, with and without nitrate of soda; while one plot in each field receives nitrate only. Potash salts also have been applied to some plots, but so far potash does not seem to be needed. The natural yield of the land on one field this year was but llcwt of hay per acre. Basic slag alone (scwt. per acre) raised the crop to one ton 18cwt., nitrate alone (2cwt. per acre) to 2 tons 3cwt., while basic slag and nitrate together pro- duced 2 tons 9cwt., giving a gain of 1 ton 18cwt. per acre at a cost of about 355. for manure. On the other field the natural yield was only 81cwt. of hay per acre, even in this prolific season. Superphosphate alone (3cwt. per acre) raised the crop to 1 ton 14csvt., nitrate of soda alone (2cwt. per acre), to 2 tons, and a combination of both manures to 2 tons -Icwt., making an increase of 1 ton 15cwt. of hay per acre at a cost of about 30s. for manure. The herbage on all the phosphate plots, whether slag or superphosphate, is very rich in clover, while where nitrate is used without any phosphate it is more grassy in character. The best herbage all round as judged by the eye before mowing, was that on the plots getting both phosphates and nitrate. Quite apart from the increase in bulk, the herbage on all the manured plots, even after only three years of treatment, appears to be quite different from that of the original poor weedy pasture which is presarved for comparison on the unmanured plots.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHARMING WEST COUNTRY. The GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY COMPANY have made important additions to the facilities for travel to

THE BOLO & ATTRACTIVE COASTS OF DEVON

THE ROMANTIC EXMOOR

AND IZU( WED

DARTMOOR.

CORNWALL.

THE CHARMING HILLS AND VALLEYS

SOMEFSET 7NID noßsa-r.

Full particulars can be obtained free on application to The Superintendent of the Line, Great Western Railway, Paddington Station, London, JAMES C. INGLIS, General M 3 'lager.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GRANDEUR

OF THF ENGLISH

AN I) BRISTOL CHANNELS.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Examiner Saturday, August 6, 1904.

(Comiright.)

"Wait here for me," she said as she alighted. She crossed the pavement and pushed open the iron gate. She glanced up at the doorway, then drew back with a slight start of suprise. Standing with his back towards her, in the act of slipping a latch-key into the lock, was Mr. Carl Smith. His tall frame nearly filled the small suburban doorway. As the gate creaked on its hinges he swung round and faced her. A smile spread over his face as he recogni3ed her. He raised his hat and took a step towards her bolding out his hand. "This is really very good of you," he said, frankly. Nor,. four d herself returning his grasp as if he had bet... the friend of a lifetime, instead of the chance acquaintance of yesterday. "You have come to see how the child is ? " She nodded. He pushed open the door and stood aside for her

to pass. "If you do not mind coming in, you will be able to jri.-Jge for yourself." He shut the front door and led the way into a room opening from the small hall. A kindly- looking elderly woman appeared on the scene. "This lady has come to see how the little girl is, Mrs. Biggs," said Mr. Smith. "It was my carriage, you know, that nearly ran over er," said Nora. "Is she much hurt ? " "ar, no miss !" returned Mrs. Biggs. "The doctor said her arm was bruised a bit, and put a , bandage round it, but otherwise she's all right. ' There she is.,, Nora entered the room. At the further end, sitting on a couch with a gaily coloured pictura• book spread before her, was the child. "Looks a bit different, to yesterday," remarked Mrs. Poiggs, with a chuckle of pride. " I washed her and put her into some of my little Nelliev. things." • Nora hurried forward and bent :down before tr!va, child. "Why, she's quite pretty," she exclaimed, tut-D- -ing round to Mr. Smith. "Yes," he said, with a smile; "amongst tb,l lower.. classes ugliness is frequently only dirt

deep." On catching sight of him the child had allowed the picture-book to drop to the floor, and a beam of delight spread over her face. She stretched out the unbandaged arm towards him. He moved forward and dropped on one knee before her. Mrs. Biggs retired quietly from the room, shutting the door behind her. "Queer little thing, isn't she ? " he said. glancing up at Nora. "Yes. Have you found out anything about her ? "

"Not yet. Mrs. Biggs couldn't get anything 1 out of her. But I've given notice to the police,. and, doubtless, they'll soon let me know." The door opened and Mrs. Biggs re-appeared. I bearing a tea-tray laden with things. "I had just got your tea, sir," she said, with glance at Mr. Smith, "and I thought that perb4..— the young lady—" Mr. Smith looked inquiringly at Nora. "You'll,allow me to offer you a cup after your long drive?" he said, persuasively. Nora returned his gaze. He looked wonderfully handsome as he stood there. "It's very kind of you," she said, half-shyly. The spirit of adventure was strong on her. "Capital!" he cried, and Mrs. Biggs busied away for the teapot. Nora's eyes wandered round the room. There were two large bookcases crammed with what looked like scientific works. In one corner was a large writing- table strewn with papers, and leaning against the wall was a drawing-board on which were pinned some plans. "That's a suggested improvement for coal bunkers," he saki, with a smile, as he noted what she was looking at. She turned to him quickly. "Are you an inventor?" she exclaimed. "Hardly that. I'm a constructor in the Penrosse Works, a builder of ships." "Battleships ?" she asked, eagerly. "Yes. At present I'm helping with a cruiser for the Japanese Navy. We're just finishing, her." "I love battleships," she exclaimed, with a gleam in her eye. "The Navy is my special craze." "Is it ?" he cried. "Well, then, I should like you to come down to the works, and ask Sir George if I might shew you over." "Would you?" she exclaimed, delightedly, Then an idea occurred to her. "We're going to Sir George's reception on Friday. I'll ask him then."

He broke into a laugh. "That will be splendid." Nora caught sight of the . little clock on the mantelpiece. The hands pointed to half-past five. "Oh, I must be going," she exclaimed. "I had no idea it was so late.' "The time has simply flown," he said, regret- fully. He moved towards the door and held it open. "You'll let me know if you find out about the parents of the child ? " she said, suddenly. He had one hand on the handle of the door. As she spoke he turned and their eyes met. Then they both laughed. "I'm afraid I had forgotten the child for the moment," he said. He opened the front door and shewed her into the cab that was still waiting. "It was awfully good of you," he began, as he held out his hand. "I was so anxious," she replied; and, somehow, they both laughed again. "Good-bye," he said, "that is, until you come to see the things that will be ships." "I shall come," she said, firmly. "Good-bye." He closed the doors in front of her, then drew back on the pavement. She caught one last glimpse of the tall, bare-headed figure, then the cab swung round and the next moment he was lost to view. She rode home as if in a dream. Arriving at Gilthorpe House she dressed hurriedly, then set out in her own carriage for the Denesons', where she had promised to dine. "I expected you to tea, you wicked giri•-• exclaimed Ella, reproachfully', as she greeted her friend. "What on earth have you been doing with yourself ? " Nora looked curiously at her. They were quit.

alone. "I promised I'd tell you at once when it did occur, Ella dear," she began, nervously. Ella Deneson caught hold of her quickly and looked into her face searchingly. "You don't mean to say, Nora, that you've—. And Nora nodded shyly. "But my dear girl," Ella expostulated, “you had no idea yesterday of anything of the sort." "It has happened between yesterday and now," returned Nora, with a sigh. "I told you that one day he would come suddenly, and that I should know at once." Ella slipped her arm round her and drew her to a seat. "You romantic little silly. Now we have just Bye minutes to ourselves before dinner. Tell me all that has happened." And forthwith Lady Nora Gilthorpe, with raw blushes and much hesitation, told the story of h.. adventure. Ella listened with amazement writ large on hez. features. "You mean to say," she exclaimed at last, "that you've fallen in love with this man,a mere common man—a Smith !" "He is a gentleman," said Nora, firmly. "A workman, living in a lodging in a suburb." "Where would the Empire be without such workmen ? " cried Nora, .with an indignant gleam in her eye. "Why, Sir George Penrosse started life eve :t lower down. He told me so himself." As they made their way down the stairs together, Nora touched her friend's arm. "You won't say a word, Ella dear, will you ?" she whic pered. "Of course not. But," 'she added, reflectively, "I shall have to give Archie a hint, else he will be proposing to you now and ruin his chances, poor boy.' And this is how she gave the hint. Lord Archie in Seven -f, ..g(E:ioandrg-lyloouoktn.ienxgt mamr(trt,iii.ivnei arrived astielaebtochataittti, gnhitsgehhvtei "why, where are you off to, Archie?" she asked. -Just going to look up some folks-1 met on the steamer. I promised to, you know. Shall be back by lunch-time," he replied, pulling on a glove. He glanced at his sister, then, slipping an ant round her waist, gave her a brotherly kiss. "Jo-::;." It's good to be with you onee again, old girl." They were in the smoking-room. She glanced .a.t. him hesitatingly, then pushed the door to. ' "I've got some bad news for you, Archie," she

began. - "For me ? " he said, lighting a cigarette. "That's bad. Anything wrong with the horses ?" "It's not horses," she said, slowly, "it's Nora." He looked up quickly.. "Little Nora ? What's the matter with her ?" "I thought I ought to tell you old boy." She paused, then blurted out: "She has fallen in love."

'Sir George Penrosse's rooms wore a brilliant aspect the next evening. Everybody liked Sir George, everybody liked his entertainments, so naturally went to them whenever they were invited. In a corner sat Nora, chattint, to Lord Are and his sister. "So glad you enjoyed your trip, Archie," ilia was saying, with a smile. "It was rippin'," responded Lord Archie. He seemed to be unusually restless, and his eyes kept wandering to where Sir George Penrosse and his wife were receiving.their guests as they arrived. "The Baroness Bernich, the Count and Countess Seydheim," was announced from , outside. Lord Archie gave a slight start and a smile flickered across his face. "I hope you've given up the novels," ,Ella whispered to Nora. "What a handsome man !" • she broke off suddenly as her, eyes drifted across the room. A tall, splendidlv-built man was shaking hands with Sir George. He wore one or two apparently foreign decorations. By his side was a young lady bearing a striking resemblance to him in feature, also an elderly-looking lady. • Ella suddenly felt a clutch at her arm. "What name was it ? " said Nora, with a little gasp. Ella did not reply. She was watchinc, her brother, who had stepped forward and was shaking hands with the new arrivals. Nora stared with all her might at the scene. Suddenly the tall man looked round as if in search of somebody. His gaze met Nora's and he smiled. He walked across quickly to her. "Why, he knows you!" whispered Ella, in amazement. The next moment the man was holding Nora's hand. ."Mr.—Smith!" said Nora, bewildered. She was staring at his decorations. "That was my name—in. Aplin-road," he said, With a smile. Lord Archie came across to them with a lady on his arm. He eyed the little group with a look of amusement. . '•' ?"

"Have you explained your dual personality he asked. "You see," he said, turning to Nora, "your Mr. Smith, the constructor in the Penrosse works, is really Count Carl Seydheim, of Presvia, and this lady is his sister." He introluced the Countess to Nora and also to his own sister. Sir George strolled up to them. "Have they been mystifying you, my dear?" he said to Nora. 1 _ _ _

"Yes, dreadfully," she replied, with a laugh, "and I don't understand it now." "It's very simple. The Count has been serving in my works as a constructor for two years under the name of Smith. I call him the modern Peter . the Great," said Sir George, with a friendly pat on the Count's aria. "His term was up yesterday, and he is now going back to Pres Via to take up his post as the Naval Administrator. He ;rants to make Preivia a big pi wer on the sea, and is presently going to blow us all to bits," he finished, with a laugh. • "You're to be the head of a -1-a 7?" cried Nora, with eyes wide open. He gave a laughing nod of his head. • "Well, we've got to make it first'," he said. "My sister came to fetch mite back, but from what I gathered this morning "—he gave a smiling glance towards Lord Archie—"l think she may alter her mind and stay in England for a little time." Presently be managed to draw Nora aside. Then he led her away to a quiet corner where seats for two had been conveniently arranged.. They did not speak for a moment or so. "I have to leave for Presvia, to take up my appointment on Monday," he said at length. His eyes were fixed on her face. He rioted a quick touch of red appear on her cheek. "So soon ?" .she said. 1 He nodded gravely. "I wanted to say before I left," he went on, "that I hope I shall see you again." He paused. "I 6uppose after so short an acquaintance it would be idle to--" He molo to another halt. He was looking at her pleadingly.. "What would be idle ? " slip murmured, half- inaudibly. Her head was turned away from him. He bent closer to her. "To say that. I love you," he cried, in a low, eager voice. "To say that you have it in your power to make me the happiest man in the world. I loved von the first moment I saw you, Nora. I

===== 0002601_19040806_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

Many people are leaving town, for the in- tense heat has caused a general exit of all those who can possibly transfer the scene of their daily duties and social life to the seaside or country, where a cooler atmosphere and fresher breezes prevail and life is much more comfortable. Far be it, however, for us to grumble at the lovely weather with which we have been blest, for we have not experienced anything for some years which so nearly attains to the blissful warmth and sunshine of an old - fashioned summer which supplies gratified femininity with countless oppor- tunities of displaying to advantage dainty summer toilettes of muslin and lace. Indeed, there have been far more light-coloured gowns en evidence this year than some sea- Sons have seen, and white has had quite a remarkable vogue in all sorts of materials varying from a substantial ribbed serge suitable for yachting or boating to the most diaphanous of finely embroidered imiSlins, which, by their exquisite beauty, remind one

of the princess's dress in the fairy tale, which could be drawn through a finger ring. Serge gowns are most useful for they do not soil easily, and when well fitted and cut look at their best cut on the simplest of lines. Pipings in contrasting colours are often used on gowns of this style to finish the seams on bodice and skirt, while coarse makes of lace form the ornamental collars or deep yokes. Finer lace is, however, used on soft muslin as in my first sketch, which shows a simple toilette of muslin trimmed with rows of valenciennes lace insertion. It is completed by a wide brimmed hat trimmed with roses, all being enveloped in a white veil spotted with black chenille. 'One of the fashionable feather stoles forms a pretty wrap with its curling white feathers. There are many dainty additions to dresses such as this, and, while feathers are perhaps the most generally favoured, there are some charming silk or crepe de chine scarves patterned with a blurred floral design and finished by a fringe intermingled with fine gold threads, which are also interwoven through the material. These are generally worn drawn round the figure just below the droop of the shoulders and are either tied in front or in other cases are care- lessly draped and caught round the arms. Some, of course, are made of lace but these are more costly than the others and are therefore not so generally worn as it is not everybody

who can afford these luxuries. These are a few ruffles of taffetas to be seen but these seem to have been considered not so elegant as the newer and therefore more fashionable

wraps. I have rarely seen a prettier or smarter blouse than that depicted in my illustration. It is made of rose-pink silk with a handsome lace yoke and numerous ruchings of the silk. The sleeves are made in a novel, design with the fulness caught in a pnif at the top and then falling in a frill edged with the silk ruching over the full undersleeve, which is again caught into a very wide wristband of lace. There is no collar, but the blouse is cut a little low in the form of a V at the throat, this giving it a very dressy effect. The front of the bodice is drawn into the yoke and the fulness is again confined at the waist by a wide silk band. The yoke is, of course, long on the shoulders for no really smart blouse is seen this season without this feature. A muslin dress would make up very prettily in this style with the skirt slightly kauged rd'und the hips and made with an over-dress or pannier edged with a ruche of silk and falling over a frill of the muslin. The bodice could also be finished with silk ruches though, of course, muslin treated in the same way could be substituted, though with not such a good effect. Nowadays we always

A PRETTY HAT.

send our muslin gowns when soiled to the dry cleaners rather than *trust them to the tender mercies of the ,laundry, which is apt to prove disastrous and rather too severe in treatment for the delicate materials, the former treat- ment being preferable if a little more expen-

, sive. Hats are still most picturesque in design and boast beautifully curved brims and rather higher crowns than we have of late seasons been accustomed to. The simple but pretty hat given in my sketch lias a wide shady brim trimmed with pink and white gauze ribbon, which forms a chou at one side and also wide strings which are brought round and tied under, the chin. It is a charming though simple piece of headgear and would look well with any sort of dress whether serge or muslin. The shape of the hat could be copied in fine chip if a rather dressy hat were required, or coarse rustic straw for a morning country hat. The high jam-pot crown has become very popular. I recently saw an exceedingly pretty hat of this kind,-made of fine black chip and trimmed with a single black ostrich feather which was arra-nged a little j to one side of the front with the end of the plume curling over the brim. Black velvet ' strings were brought from behind and form the only other trimming except an ornamen- tal buckle securing the plume and apparently holding it in exactly the right position. COVETTE;

=76\ . ...."_,: . ..... . j...... 2.4„:,......, 1.e.., , .:, .....,a,„ n-. ) set .r. , „ , .. 4. pp' / 14• ,/". /1// ‘ ~ _ ' • ,' -, ' \ 1 . A MUSLIN GOWN,

' 72 I 5 1 e d .\ • > /094140\ " I,l‘ \ 4

A SMART BLOUSE

, tt K . .., - tr • ',.-"*- iilOr ..--_..,..7._,,, , ‘ t.• --1/ : ._ _...?....„ ..,„. ZS / il •

===== 0002601_19040806_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXTRAVAGANT SITUATION

DY GILBERT DAYLE,

Author of "The Fates and Prince Conrad," "Tlic Man from Parenna," "Princess Copra," B:.c.

"You know, Nora, it's rather absurd," the Honourable Miss Ella Deneson. WaS remarking. "here you are, in your twenty-second year, and not in love yet!" Her companion, . a bright, pretty-looking girl, laughed. "WS a mistake falling in love too early, or too often.," she replied, as she rose from her chair and glanced out of the window. Gilthorpe House faced Hyde Park, and the big &retch of trees and green looked particularly attractive in the bright sunshine of a spring after- noon. She stared reflectively at the scene for a moment, then turned with a smile to her friend.

"But when I do, there will be no mistake ! One day I shall see a man—perhaps wallOng across there ! " she indicated the Park with a gesture the hand, "and I shall know at once that he o the--"

"My dear Nora," interrupted Ella. reprovingly, "that savours of romance! And in these days, anti in your position-" "The title shan't keep me from marrying the man I love," broke in the independent young person. Ella Deneson rose and slipped her arm throrgit Nora's. •

"1 shall have to tell Archie to walk in the Park," said she.

Nora laughed and shook her head. "He'll be home on Wednesday," continued Ella, "he is coining round by sea instead of overland from Marseilles. Why, I don't know." "Probably an attraction on board," said Nora, with a smile.

"I wish you'd marry him! " exclaimed Ella, abruptly. "It would be such a comfortable arrange- ment."

Nora looked doubtful,

"You have such peculiar ideas about love," Ella continued. "I'm afraid you have been reading too many novels." Nora shook her head.

"No: I've only got an idea that I would like to marry a man I really love." She looked up into •her friend's face. "It may be Archie after all, but you mustn't think me horrid if it isn't. And besides, he hasn't asked me, you know." "He will before he is home tin- days," said thr Honourable Miss Deneson, with an air of certainty• A clock on the mantelpiece chimed three. "I must be going," said Ella, with a sigh. "I promised to look in at Mrs. Kenishain's Fancy Fair. And Nora," she continued, "whether it's Archie or not, you'll tell me at once when it does happen, won't you? " "Yes, I'll do that," said Nora, with a laugh. Left to herself, Nora proceeded to prepare for her drive, and a few minutes afterwards was seated in an open victoria. She watched the people with interest; everybody looked cheerful and bright in the May sunshine. Presently the carriage turned into a quiet street, at the end of which was Cresden-avenue, where Lady Berk port resided. Glancing ahead, her (ye lighted upon a little ragged child toddling at the side of the road. Then she noticed a man just turning the corner, and it struck her that he was exceptionally tall; at least six feet two, she idly conjectured. They had nearly reached the corner when she saw the child make a quick little run into the middle of the road. Her back was turned and she had not noticed the carriage coming. The coach- man uttered a loud cry of warning, and attempted to pull the horses up, but the brutes were spirited and difficult to manage. Nora could not see the child, and she drew in her breath as she thought of what might happen. Suddenly, a figure made - quick dash from the pavement under the horses' heads, and the next moment she saw him emerge and gain the pavement. In his arms he held what looked like a big ragged bundle. The carriage came to a standstill, and opening the door, Nora sprang out and made her way to the man with the bundle. As she approached, lie —it was the tall man—glanced up and their

eyes met. "Is she hurt ?" began Nora, anxiously. • "More frightened than really damaged, I think," he replied. "See, she has opened her eyes."

The child stared round in -a frightened manner, then began to whimper dismally. Her left aria hung down limply,by its side. "The off horse touched it as I snatched her

away," he explained. "I expect. it is only bruised." -Nora's eyes drifted from tiv child up to the man's face. lie was fair, had well-cut features, a high forehead and was clean shaven. It .occurred to her that he was the best-looking man ,she had ever met. And he seemed to tower above her.

"You saved her life," she said, slowly, "and risk d your own." -

The man laughed. Opportunity," he said, his eyes meeting her

gaze "What arse you going to do?" asked Nora. "Take the little one home, have a doctor to look at her arm, then try and find out who she is, and ultimately return her to her humble and probably drunken parents." "But it isn't—it isn't right to put you to such 'trouble," she exclaimed. "Let me take her in the carriage and have her attended to." The man glanced first at the elegant carriage now di awn up by the kerb, then at her eager young face. "No, • no," he said, "I have an old woman at my lodgings who will look after her admirably." "But I shall be anxious to know whether she is hurt ; remendior. I feel partly responsible." The man smiled.. • "Could I not send to inquire ?" she continued, quickly ; "that is, if you would not mind," she added. He dived a hand into an inner pocket and brought out an old envelope. "Certainly, if you care," he said. "I have no card, but this will give you my name and address." She took it from hint. He moved towards the cab with the child in his arms. Nora followed hint. He turned with one foot on the step. "Good-bye," he said, with a frank smile. It was only an incident, yet it took a strange hold on her for the rest of the day. The next morning site was in her boudoir at Gilthorpe House, seated at her writing-table. With a pen in one hand she was gazing thoughtfully at a crumpled envelope, on which was written "Mr. Carl Smith, 51, Aplin-road, Chiswick." "Carl," she murmured to herself, thoughtfully "It's a pretty name. But Smith!" She sat thinking for some minutes, then shs, dipped her pen resolutely in the ink and started oil a sheet of paper. "Dear sir," she began, repeating the words to herself. Then she struck the words through, and started a fresh piece of paper. "Dear Mr. Smith," that was her second attempt, but it seemed too familiar. After a little reflection she took a third • piece of paper. "Lady Nora Gilthorpe presents her complifoents to Mr. Carl Smith, and would be much obliged if he would kindly let her know----" She paused for a moment. "It really seems a most awkward letter to write," she exclaimed at, length, throwing down the pen. in disgust. She rose and went to the window. Down in the Park below she could see crowds of well-dressed men taking their morning promenade. She found herself idly studying them. "He would be a head taller than most of them," she said, suddenly. Presently she turned and walked back to her writing-,table to further consider n the note. But it was o good. The letter absolutely refused to be written. Finally she dropped her pen and shut up her writing-case. As site did so, an idea flashed upon her. "It would be much better," sire exclaimed. "A. personal interview is always so much more satis- factory. And papa is away. Not that that matters, for I'm sure he'd approve," she added to herself. reassuringly. "I'll go at once." . But she didn't. It was four in the afternoon before. she finally made up her mind. Then she set out by herself walking, and at Sloane-street she chartered a cab. In a short time she had rcached Hammersmith. The cab drove quickly down the Broadway and presently stopped. But it was only for the driver to inquire his way. "Second on the left, lust to the right, right you are!" she heard him say in husky tones as they started again. 7 Presently they swung round a turning and, glancing up, , she caught sight of the wordl sudden "Aplin-road.' Another fifty yards or so and the cab came to a standstill.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"How on earth did

===== 0002601_19040806_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
He began to

===== 0002601_19040806_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
AGENTS

'Joseph Beswick, qorsemarket Street,

WARRINGTON. W. SHA.Vir Jun., Top Cocks, Runcnrn, P. JHAVONS, 21, George St., St. Hei,,(l4. R. CULSHA.W, 38 Burecough St., Ormekirk

Cost 1 /---Same 10/- Wood-Milne PFarzgeunet aNnedrvDeo,...a'abrleatniidr,

Revolving Heels 2,',V:rr-t

Smarter Appearance. EASILY FIXED. Will somd 12 mono ordinary wear. None genuin, unless •Wood- face,

P. , r • PEEK B:coFR'sENN 1 "PT-A.-CAIiE" BISCUITS Reg' I and "TEXAS cRhCKEP: BISCUITS. - G OUM • WIND • •

NEI TWO, OR THREE, according to age and constitution, may be taken of DR.

1 Jo • .re of your Boots ' , 1 • e " 1.1•1•••••... MIMS d•IMMEMINIO ifs IMMNIM • affsis Elm stamped Milne on the ' Sold every- •, SPECIALQUALI where. • al= •

===== 0002601_19040806_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
BILIOUS & LIVER PILLS

(Guaranteed without Mercury)

These Pills have been prescribed by Medical men for over too years, are still ahead of all Liver Pills; gentle in their action, restore tone to the general system, and are the safest and most reliable family medicine for all ages, and absolutely cure the symptoms of Torpid Liver, such as UNPLEASANT BREATH—WIN GIDDINESS DEPRESSED ,SPIRITS INDIGESTION --- BACKACHE SPASMS.— ROUGH TONGUE— ACIDITY AN I) CONSTIPATION—and stimulate the Liver itself to con- tinued healthy action.

Sold everywhere-1/li, 2/9 and 4'6 per box

Dales. is deirublaterirroof er foor. ' j3(17;31 I(19 Ss . 6 tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow pc"ll3- Ing with blacking. GOLD CVIEDAL EXHIBITION HIGH EST , AWA UPS. D .1131 f Tim Ni.. bet., ii. &aid ot Sod Makers, Sadd,ers, Iroxmonctrs erc. Mann/actors, East Dulwrch. London.

cD-q zaa

Awarded•Certitioate,of Meritifor the cure of all irregula r flee, ar.remia. and all female complaints). Tatty have the approval of the Medical Professioi.. Beware of Imitations, The only genuine and original are in White Paper Wrappers Boxes Is lfd and 2s 9d of all chemists, or by post, is, 2d. and 2s. 10d. Makers, (3 and G lixtustav, 17, North street. Westminster. [Note White Wrapper.] Sold in the Colonies

KEARSI,E.Y'S 100 Y.Efk...:_ft_P,LITATIOII W I DMWELC H S FE ;* LS:.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
TENNENVS

T

===== 0002601_19040806_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
LAGER BEER.

GUARANTEED BRIGHT & FREE FROM SEDIIIENT•

To be obtained from M. WALKER & SONS LTD., Warrington I of all Grocers and Wine Merchants. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottled. See that Every Bottle has the Red T Label. 19, Lancelots Hey. Liverpool. WELLPARK BREWERY, GLASGOW_

- se-rAsi ILLveTicATIID CATILLoevis WhAltsle Prleee, Cycles, Motors, Accessories, 450 s neW second-head machines actualiy in stock. Cycles from 30/-. M.B.A. lladie's machines. Never suck bargains offered Bond for List. Ages wanted

Pitttxveri Ac,essory, to /mules, Tyree. Cr - \ Wheels, C 4 1 , . _ , -- , 're,- EV- er ont. ''' S r e., .. ~. 10 . re.. ~ P c ban other Makers , ' Aill —Warrilow &Co.. • ..____., Weston-aupar-Mare. ___....

Provides Genuine HOME wow:. Earns 15j- and upwards weeklY. 'Cash or Special Easy Hire TertilS, Work Takeo. Est. 111714 Write, WARR„SnUTRWAIRIC 9:!f c, Agents We 'ed. Beware " work on worthless n subfuse.

oN UO7

MERRY . _ • . . •• - , HIG . • CLASS • • . . --CARD'EN ,HOSE.s 63: LoNq ACRE,LONDON. .LARGEST kAK ERS/.OF"HIGH• CLASS -HOSE IN V THE.MOR LD.

WANTED Y NiS5 ss OUR • HoszsitY. AUTOMATIC KNITTER

ri I tq.-1.. 0.... 41114prg W. ,r:,. , ' i Jilltl 6 , c--- , wieleading ~..•

===== 0002601_19040806_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
1 Ark_-ifrig '''',.:

,

===== 0002601_19040806_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

ASSASSINATION OF RUSSIAN MINISTER.

One of those terrible tragedies which from 'time to time paralyse St. Petersburg occurred :at the end of last week, when M. de Plehve, the Minister of the Interior, was utterly blown to pieces with a bomb. Following as it does so close upon the assassinations of General Bobrikoff and M. Sipiaguine, it has .struck consternation into the hearts of the Russian officials, and it is a serious sign of revolution against the powers that be. These •assassinations are unquestionably the culmina- tion of national discontent, which has been 'brewing for a very long while, and has in no 'Way been soothed by the ill-success of Russia in the war. M. de Plehve, of all the ministers, has made himself the most un- popular by his methods of dealing with the student riots and the Kishineff massacres for Which he was undoubtedly responsible, and It was an open secret that he would be the first to suffer in event of any anti-Govern- ment action. Unquestionably, the whole of Russia is seething internally, and it looks as though nothing could save the country

from a revolution but a great victory, in the Far East, • which grows more and more im- probable every day, for the birth of a son and heir to the Romanoff dynasty, which is seriously assailed, at the approaching con- finement of the Tsarina. The story of M. de Plehve's assassination is briefly this. Every Thursday morning at ten o'clock it was his habit to report in person to the Tsar, and last Thursday on his way, when near the Warsaw Station in St. Petersburg, a bomb was thrown into his carriage by a young man from the Warsaw Restaurant. Death was instantaneous, and the Minister for the Interior, his coachman, horses, and carriage were blown instantaneously into small pieces. The murderer was promptly arrested, and a second bomb was found in his possession. M. de Plehve was a man of iron and ruled with autocratic severity, and his end was only what .might have been expected to follow his policy ,in Russia. Few men were more iib ensely hated.

•i? i iL, 6r 1 '',,, ;.'i . . i OA V traly ,:'qi. •,• '9' '''... ' '-'-• 1%,;•&.• 0 'IV '. • ....,,. '11..,1*.11, -5.7 \ \ 2/ ' ' p / M. DE PLEHVE.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHANNEL SWIM

Swimming the Channel promises to be the great athletic boom of the summer, and under the auspices of three London papers three swimmers are in full training for the great event. They are Montague Holbein, Jack Haggerty, and Greasley, and each one professes him- self confident of success. The

attempts will take place to:

wards- the end

of August or the

beginning of September, and

there seems a

good prospect that, with all

the careful or-

ganisationwhich

is •being spent

upon tile -sub-

ject, Captain Webb's great

feat

may

'equalled. Haggerty and Greasley are strong swimmers and faster than Holbein, but the latter is the man with the experience. Already he has made four unsuccessful attempts, of which one, that of August 27th, 1902, was a moral victory. He has hitherto failed from the fact that, though strong and of immense endurance, he lacks pace to get across on two tides and is carried back again on the third. To swim the Channel is a most difficult matter owing to tides and currents, and, though only twenty-one miles as the crow flies, it is nearly forty in the Accomplishment, as an angular course has to be steered. Holbein's favourite course is from Dover to Cape Grisnez or from Cape Grisnez .to Dover, and he will again adopt it this year. His magnificent pluck and determination have appealed to the sporting instinct of every Briton, and all good wishes for success go with him. Perhaps this year the spur of competition may give him that ,extra probe he has hitherto lacked.

t.7l* - 7-7 R. AIONTAGLE HOLBEIN.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BALTIC FLEET AND THE FAR EAST.

The Baltic Fleet; after much preliminary -flourish of trumpets, appears from all ac- counts to be on the eve of sailing for the Far East in the hope of re-establishing Russian naval prestige. However, four of its finest battleships the Orel, the Borodino, the Kniaz Suvaroff, and the Slava—cannot pos- sibly sail before September at the earliest, and perhaps not until Christmas, by which time it is quite possible that the war may be over. They are each 13,70 r, tons, and up to 18 'knots. Ths fleet in question is to sail in two divisions under the supreme command of Rear-Admiral Rozhdestvensky, of the Naval General Staff; and under him Rear-Admiral

THE COMMANDERS OF THE BALTIC FLEET. Enkvist, who until recently was Governor of the naval dockyard and arsenal of Nicolaieff, on the Black Sea, will command one division, and Rear Admiral Felkersan the other. The fleet consists of the Imperator Alexander 111., 13,516 tons; the Qslyabia, 12,674 tons (a sister ship to the Poltava) ; the Sissoi Velky, an older boat of 8,880 tons, and only a second- class battleship,, hampered by small coal bunkers; and the. Navarin, older still, but slightly larger, being of 9,500 tons displace- ment. The cruisers are the Aurora (6,600), the Svietlana (3,823), the Admiral Nakimoff (7,782), the Dimitri Donskoi (5,900) tons, and the Alruaz (6,520. There is, also, a sufficient complement of torpedo craft and colliers, for coaling will provide the chief difficulty on the way. Many difficulties are ahead of the Baltic Pleet when it moves, but it holds in its keeping Russia's only chance of success.

_., • ....,•0:1. -r-- , ' , ~.- • \'y 't•-, :"...- ~....... •it .1 : rcak ttri.)-- t 4 i - 1 Etti, / - )); • .....',...,....„-' ‘,...‘ ,-7,,,- i•cr,.. e i ‘A. , / I 1 \ . , ' itt._.--•,‘-• ,•• • li _',. S.•:::- .;., Tr• _' _ • 1, ••---: 1., ' 4...1-t 7, A I. . 1

===== 0002601_19040806_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OLDEST MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT'S FEAT.

If another reminder were needed of I=',y liament's all night sitting, which took .pla,e tbe other week, it is forthcoming i.n

pleasant tittle ceremony which took place in the House during the week. This was the presentation of a silver loving cup to Mr. Spencer Charringto oldest member of the House of

Commons, for his prowess in seeing the sit- ting through. The cup was subscribed for by both Conser- vatives a n d Liberals. Mr. Charrington, it

may be men- tioned has represented the Mile End division of the Tower Hamlets since 1886 in the Conservative interest, and ispopular with Liberals as well as with his own party. He is 'B6 years of age and is head of " Char- rington's Brewery," one of the East End s most far seen landmarks. He has made himself very popular with his fellow East- Enders, for it is a thing on which Mr. Charrington greatly prides himself that he is an East - Ender. He is, even now, generally to be found in the daytime at the big business premises that bear his name, and he used to sleep in the East-End. Mr. Charrington's speeches at election time are models that many a Parliamentary candidate would do well to follow—very short, and very much to the point, if wanting something in oratorical fluency. In one respect the Charrington family is not " entire, for Mr. F. N. Charrington, a brother of the subject of our brief sketch, has broken away from his family and sacrificed his interest in the brewery in order so devote himself to good Norks.

M.P.

..--- - ........ -_- t, (?4, , ....5.... #,(i. , d...,.. ''.."*. •••••"" R. SPENCER CHARRINGTON,

===== 0002601_19040806_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
- -

A POPULAR CRICKETERS BENEFIT.

• Perhaps no cricketer who has ever played our national game deserved more the benefit which thg Yorkshire County Cricket Club gave George Hirst, the popular professional of this county's famous eleven, in their match with Lancashire which commenced at Leeds on Monday last. George H. Hirst, or " Georgie " as he is familiarly called round Huddersfield way, is without doubt the most popular cricketer of the day, and that he is one of the best all round cricketers playing and has been for many years, will not be denied by anyone. For many years in succession he has been one of the select band of cricketers who make their thousand runs and Jake one hundred wickets, besides which it is not easily forgotten what a deal he has had in the success of the Yorkshire team for the last five or six years. Hirst

CrftHIPT .11111% 1 'A , tt. ( I\ - • 1111111111.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
G. H. HIRST.

eiong with the Hon. F. S. Jackson, J. R. Mason, and Braund, has stood in a class entirely different to the majority of cricketers and it is very satisfactory to record fhe fact that his services are being recognised whilst he is at the top of his form, and not when he has run his course. The Yorkshire pro- fessional during the course of his career, which extends over twelve years, has twice visited Australia, first with Mr. A. E. Stod- dart's eleven, and last year with Mr. P. F. Warner's victorious team. Peculiarly to say, he was not what one could call a success on either visit, his first appearance on Australian wickets, indeed, being described by a contem- porary as "only very moderate." Last year's display "down under" did much to remove this stigma, and whilst he did not reap many bowling successes, his batting was one of the features of the tour. Hirst, however, has done many brilliant things in International cricket in this country, the chief of which was, however, his display in the last " test " at the Oval when, along with the Hon. F. S. Jackson, G. L. Jessop, and Rhodes, he helped England to win the most exciting match ever played in this country by one wicket. As showing how they do things in Yorkshire, it may be stated that even if the weather had in any way affected the attendance the financial side of the match would not have been a failure. This is ex- plained by the fact that for many months subscription books had been scattered all over the county, and these were willingly responded. to even by the poorest enthusiast, and therefore whilst the amount, of course, would not have been so large had pleasant conditions prevailed, still the benefit could have been voted a success.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF SIR JOHN SIMON

In this age of hygiene Sir John Simon, the pioneer of sanitation, is a name highly honoured on every side, but his death recalls the difficulties, opposition, and blind pre- judice which it fell to his lot to fight in his early days. Born in' IBi6, the distinguished sanitary scien-

tist, who passed

away last -week,

qualified as far back as 1838,

and ten years

later he wajs-a-p-:

pointed • fir'st officer of Healtl

to the City O.

London. In /855 he was

Medical

Officer to the

General Board of Health, and

three years later he became Medical Officer

to the Privy Council, which

JOHN SIMON.

post he held till 1876, combining with it from 1871 onwards the same office with regard to the Local Government Board. As far back as 1845 he had become an F.R.S., and was vice- president in 1879-80, while from 1876 to 1890 he reprennted the Crown on the General Medical Council. Created a C.B. in 1876 and a K.C.B. upon the occasion of the Jubilee, Sir John Simon was a man who did not care for honours, and when, upon his retirement, it was proposed to get up a national testimonial for him he studiously declined. However, a bust of him was placed in the College of Surgeons, and in 1887 the Sanitary Institute published the whole of his Public Health Reports in two volumes, which form a history of the early days of sanitary science. Sir John Simon himself, in 1890, published an inter- esting book• on the subject which is inval- uable to all students of the subject. To him is due all our present system of State medicine and sanitation, and the late scien- tist deserves his., country's warmest gratitudta

..ii t -- , w ~ ,-.,..,. ..m ''. \L_.-,---,' •.7,-;__,,..,:.:. ....,,,,1- SIR

===== 0002601_19040806_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
INlMlgiailigg

===== 0002601_19040806_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 6, 1904.

CRICKET.

THE most pleasant form of entertainment during Summer is the Garden Party, with its charming amusementsof Lawn Tennis, Croquet, Badminton, and Lawn Bowls, every requisite for which is made in Its greatest perfection by the famous manufacturers. GEO. G. BussEY & Co. Ask local sports Outfitters for their Catalogue. If not procurable, apply to 36 & 38 Queen Viotoria at., London. Factories— Peckham, London; and Elmswell. Suffolk.

MANCHESTER V. WARRINGTON.—This match, for the benefit of Lynes, the home professional, was played at Arpley on Saturday before a large assembly. Score : MANCHESTER. W ARRINGTON. J. Milnes b Connor R. Boben b Lynes 8 Sladen J. Heap c Hampson b P. B. Hawtin not out 47 Connor 25 J. Lynes c Fielding b J.Fielding lbw b Thewlis if Heap A. Lyon b Connor lB W. H. Podmore c Rad- A. Sladen st Hampson b cliffe b Rowlands ... 22 Podmore S. H.Bratby c 8: b Lynes 11 G.S.Routley st Hampson b Podmore L. Rowlands not out lB W. Phillips not out 27 Extras

Total (for 8 wirts.)236 Total (for 3 wkts)ll4 BOWLING ANALYSIS. MANCHESTER. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. Lynes 27 5 103 2 Sladen 72 5 36 1 A. Thewlis ... 20 5 41 1 Heap E. A. Connor 13 3 37 3 Rowlands W.H.Podmore 7 1 32 2 Radcliffe T. Wright 3 2 3 0 Bratby 2 0 7 0 J. W. Bibby... 2 0 6 0 SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. }TOUGH GREEN (IST).— Played on Saturday at Hough Green and ended in a tie. Scores:—

WIRE MILLS. HOUGH GREEN. Taylor b Cole 5 Martindale b Gleave... 15 Burton c Kerryb Warham 5 Cole bR. Cook Woodcocklbw b Warham 0 Hallam bGlea,ve 0 Hawthorn c Martindale b Lewis lbw bR. Cook 0

Warham lO Kerry c Taylor b R. Evans b Warham 0 Cook 4 R. Cook b Hallam 2l Bingham bR. Cook ... 3 Gleave c McGovern b Warham b Gleave Cole

N. Cook not out...

11

Gleave ..

Bell c Hallam b Cole 6 Hartland c Evans b It. 0

Hewitt b Cole

Cook .....

Partridge c Kerry b Cole 0 James c Woodcock b R. Cook 0 McGovern not out 5 Extras

Total 6l

Total 6l

MOORE AND DARESBURY V. CROSFIELDS.—PIayed at Warrington on Saturday, resulting in a win for the visitors by nine runs. Scores :

MOORE AND DARESBURY. CROSFIELDS. T. Forster run out 0 T. Atherton c Tay or b NV ill ia m Antrobus b W. Antrobus Dargan 0 G. Podmore by Taylor 0 Captain Wyatthb Dargan 18 J. Dargan c NV. Antro- George Wright b Dickin- _ bus b Taylor _ _ _

.. son- - 9 T. H. Ford run out 1 John Smith b Spencley 5 E. • Unsworth b S S. Taylor c Ford b Taylor Dugan lO J. Burrows by S. Taylor 3 G. Bassnett c Podmore 0. Dickinson b T.

b Spencley 2 Taylor H. Antrobus b Spencley 1 T. Dixon b S. Taylor 0 C. Kilshaw b Spencley 0 J. Dutton bS. Taylor 8 G. Gandy not out 2 W. Sponcley lbw C. R. Newall c Ford b Nowall 4pencley Extras

Total 52

Total 43

MOORE AND DARESBURY V. APPLETON AND STRETTON.—PIayed at Moore Park on Monday, and resulted in a win for the home team by an innings and 13 runs. For the home team C. B. Allen took 12 wickets for 18 runs. The Rev. F. Clifton-Smith batted splen- didly for 38. Score :

MOORE AND DARESDURY. S. Taylor b G. Hatton G. Wright lbw b J. Moorfield 2O C. B. Allen b G. Hatton Captain Wyatt c Broady bG. Hatton 2 Rev. F. Clifton-Smith c Moorfield b Hallows G. Knight lbw c J. Moorfield 0 J. Knight run out J. Smith b Hallows J. Millingtcn c Hallows b J. Moor- field 1 G. Bassnett not out R. Newall b J. Moorfield l3 Extras 4

Total APPLETON AND STRETTON. -

J. Jones c Wright b Taylor l2 b Captain Wyatt 7 G. Hatton c Smith b Allen

bAllen 0 A. Johnson lbw h Allen 0 b Allen J. Moorfield c Wright b Taylor 0 b Allen 2O C. Hallows b Taylor F. Hatton b Allen _ .

G. Fairhurst c Newall b Taylor 5 bCaPtain Wyatt 0 I. Broady cS. Taylor b Allen... 0 b Captain Wyatt 16 C. Johnson c Taylor b Allen ... 0 not out _

C. Smith b Allen 0 c and b Allen... 0 A. Moorfield not out 0 c Smith b Allen 2 Extras 3 Extzas

Total

Total 59

CROSFIELDS SDCOND V. BOLD-STREET WESLEYANS. —Played on the ground of first named. Moorfield and Nelson batted well for the visitors. Scores:—

I CROSFIELDS. BOLD-STREET. S. Welsby b Jones 1 Moorfield b Corlett ... 14 Allender c &la Moorfield 3 H. Nelson c and b Littlewood run out Corlett b Jones Yarwood run out Padgett b Jones 0 W. Jones c Monks b Spark b Jones 3 Littlewood 2 Monks not out 0 T. Williams not out ... 0 Bennett c and b Jones Extras

Total Innings declared

LATCHFORD BAPTIST V. STRETTON AND APPLETON. —On Saturday, at Latchford, resulting in a win for the visitors. For the winners F. Hatton and A. Johnson were top scorers with 45 and 35 not out respectively,and J.Cox and E. Cliff e with 20 and 16 were top scorers for the losers. Score : STRETTON AND APPLETON. LATCHFORD.

G. Hatton c Cliffe b Hunt 4 J. Lester b Moorfield... 4 C.Hallows c Cliffe b Cox 2 J. Cox c and b Hatton 20 A. Johnson not out J. Moorfield c Albinson J. Hunt b Hatton b Cox 2 T. Albinson st Fair- C. Johnson lbw b Hunt 0 hurst b Hatton F. Hatton b Hunt 45 J. Hallam b Moorfleld 1 G. Fairhurst lbw b Cox 1 E.CliffelbwbMoorfield 16 W.Johnson c Lester b Cox 1 G. Heald bA. Johnson 6 C. Smith b Hunt 0 W. Southern not out... 8 Griffiths lbw b Cox J. Jones st Lester b Hunt 0 J. Albinson b Hallows 0 Extras

Total

Total 102 GRAPPENHALL v. PENKETH. Score : GRAPPENH ALL. PENK ETH. J. Warburton c Cook b S. Hobson bWarburton 4 Hobson 36 H. Cook c Pearson b W. Banks lbw b Ward ... 15 Warburton J. Pearson b Hobson 3 F. Ward b Warburton 2 R. Ellis c Cook b Ward 1 H. Davies b Watson ... 0 R. Gifford c Hobson b H. Singleton b Watson 5 Ward J.B arrows st Cook b Ward 5 Watson 0 E. England b Shoebridge 10 AHodginsoncßurrows \V. Watson c Singleton b h Watson Ward S. Jenkins b Hobson 9 F. Dumbill not out ... 3 H. Edwards not out E. Jenkins b Hobson 0 Warburton R. Houghton b War- burton . 5 Extras

Extra 5..........

.... 7

Total lO3 Total ...... 29 ARLEY V. Lvmm.—This match was played at Lylinn on Saturday. Score:—

ARLEY. J.Hampsonc& b Toogood 2 .T. V. Smith b Thorpe 1 IH. S. Saville bH. Smith 5 Rev. J. H. Toogood b H. E. Bardwell b Toogood 0 Thorpe !H. Thorpe b Toogood 0 Dr. Love b Lowe H. A. Pollitt c Jones b J. E. Warburton Toogood !B. Lowe c b Toogood 10 H.Smith b Lowe ......16 R. E. Wilke c Cowburn WChiddiok b Hampson 8 ; Toogood IH. Jones not out T. C. Bate b Toogood 0 Hampson ............... 4 R. Walsh c Smith b F. Coppock lbw b Toogood A. B. t.Ferris b Chiddick 2 0. Tickle not out A. Cowburn b Hampson 3 Extras

Extras 5

Total

Total 52

GRAPPENHALL V. ASHTON HA.YES.—Score :- ISt inns. GRAPPENHALL. 2nd inns. W. Banks c Shallcross b c Haycraft b Moun- Schofield J. Warburton b Mounfield... 0 c Waring b Nixon 15 J. Pearson c Shallcross b Schofield 1 b Schofield l6 R. Ellis b Schofield 9 not out J. Burrows c Mounfield b Schofield 7 c and b Mona&ld 5 W.Carter b Mountield F. Williams b Mounfield ... 7 b Mountield A. L. Kaye c Carter b Scho- field 2l b Mounfield E. England c Mounfield b Schofield field W.Watson b Nixon 0 b Schofield R. Hallows not out 2 c Wade b Schofield 3 Extras 9 Extras

lit inns.

Total ASHTON HAYES. 2 inns.

W. Haycroft b Warburton... 5 b Carter J. Nixon c Ellis b

Warburton M.Mounfield lbw b Watson 14 b Carter J. Schofield b Warburton ... 1 b Watson 23 H. Shallcross not out 35 b Warburton F. Hayes b Hallows T. Carter c Hallows b Warburton l2 b Watson ll W. Wade c Ellis b Warburton 3 c Ellis b Watson ... 1 G. Waring run out 0 b Watson 0 C. Haynes b Warburton 0 c Ellis b Warburton 4 W. Gleave b Warburton 0 not out 1 Extras lO Extras

Total 110

Total

"GUARDIAN" OFFICE: V. WARRINGTON THURSDAY. --Played on the ground of the " Guardian " team on Saturday. Scores : THURSDAY. " GUARDIAN " OFFICE. J. Callon b Cotterill 3 C. Gelderd b Rearden 1 W Bell c Cotterill b For- J. Ward c& b Wells... 0 ster l2 W. Cotterill b Wells... 6 J. Wells b Cotterill C. Reardon c Gibson b J. Gibson b Reardon... 2 Forster lO B. Forster b Wells 1 R Brooks cWard b Davies J.. Mowatt c Grainger

b Forster 0 b Wells - 0 .T. Crossley not out N. Prince b Forster 0 b Wells J. Houghton b Forster... 2 T. Drury c Houghton W. Grainger b Forster... 2 b Reardon 2 J. Bell b Cotterill 2 T. Broomhall c J. Bell b Reardon 1 J. Newton not out 0 Extras

Total 3l

Total

WARRINGTON POLICE V. LIVERPOOL POLICE BAND. —Played on the ground of the former on Tuesday. A pleasant game resulted in a win for Warrington. P.C.'s Holland and Houghton showed good form with the ball, Holland taking 5 wickets for 9 runs, and Houghton 5 wickets for 11 runs. Score :

WARRINGTON. LIVERPOOL. P.C. Phillips b Holbrook 4 P.C. Sellars b Houghton 0 P.C. Holland b Jackson 0 P.C. Ursell b Holland 0 P.D. Hayes b Holbrook 0 P.C. Jackson b Holland 10 P.C. Houghton bJackson 9 P.C. Ready st Philips P.C. Stuart b Holbrook 2 b Houghton 3 P.C. Newey b Holbrook 12 P.C. Ross c Stuart b P.C. Burrows run oqt ... 8 Houghton 0 P.S. Hollingworth b P.C. Ashcroft b Holland 0 Jackson 2 D.T. Holbrook b P.C. Jones b Holbrook 6 Holland 0 P.C. Hewitt not out 2 P.C. Clarke b Holland 3 T. Wright b Holbrook ... 3 P.C. Summersall b Holland 0 P.C.Rowton bEloughton 4 P.C. Welsh') H)ughton 0 Extras

Total 57

Total

===== 0002601_19040806_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRIC P LEAGUE. The following in-aches were playel on Satur day on the greens of the first named.

_ BULL'S HE t.D. BROOM...CCM. George Ball, sen l5 J. -Nrillington John Worsley, son l5 G3orge Brooks H. Fogg (eapt.) H.Clare - NV. Simister.. Edward Shaw l5 NV. Savage 7 John Swanton l5 R. Jefferson l2 A. Gleave...

John Bird l5 John Hutchinson J. W. Jolicy l5 R. Healey A. Shaw

John Worsley, jun l5 NV. Stevenson Total lBO Total 69 Majority for Bull's Head, 111. LIBERALS. ' BULL'S HEAD. .T. Gibbon l5 J. Worsley, jun. J. Parr T. Critchley l3 W. Simister l5 H. Diintith l5 J. Swanton T. O'Brien J. Davies E. A. Smders 6 J. Worsley, sen. J. S. Warren (capt.) 7 H Clare l5 A. J. Jones H. Williams l5 Edward Shaw l4 NV. Patrick A. Greenhalgh l5 H Fogg l3

Total 148 Total 163 Majority for Bull's Head, 15. LIBERALS. PENKETH. J. Parr l5 E. 80nd... l3 A. J. Jones A. Greenhalgh J. Gibson. E. A. Sanders l5 S. Shave 8 H. Daintith ll H. Bowyer T. Critchley W. Patrick 11. Williams J. Davies J. E. Warren T. O'Brien

Total 160 Total 124 Majority for Liblrals, 36.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WISDOM OF GLADSTONE.

The late Mr. Gladstone used -frequently to remark how careless his friend, John Bright, was of his health. It was generally believed that Mr. Bright never sought medical advice ; but this was not quite correct, for the great Liberal orator one day astonished Sir Andrew Clarke with his presence in that well-known physician's consulting room. And yet Mr. Bright lived to be seventy-eight; so that we see, in spite of his alleged carelessness in matters of health, he lived to be an old man, and overlapped the average terra of life. Mr. Gladstone almost climbed up in the nineties—but then Mr. Gladstone was all his life keenly watchful of his health and wisely safe- guarded it. Even if Mr. Bright had make a better record than Mr. Gladstone, still the latter's practice would have been right and the former's wrong. It is the general average that tells the story. In the autumn of 1889 (the year Mr. Bright died), Mrs. M. A. Bathurst, of Yelden Higharn Ferrers, began to realise that her health was failing. She felt low and weak without knowing why. She lost all relish for food, and often after her meagre meals endured much pain at the chest and sides, a tendency which increased until eating changed from a pleasure to a dreaded necessity. After a year, this misery was intensified by an attack of acute rheumatism. "My legs, ankles, and knees were stiff and plinful, and the joints swollen," wrote Mrs. Bathurst on sth October, 1898, "so that I had great difficulty in getting about. I tried many ' medicines, internal and external, but obtained no more than slight temporary relief from the best of them until my attention was called to Mother Seigel's Syrup. That remedy completely rid me both of indigestion and rheumatism, so that I now live and work in I comfort."

As it is sometimes alleged against rapid cures that their good effects are not lasting, we would again refer to the case of Mrs. Bathurst in proof that, however true this may be of many other medicines, it is certainly not true, of Mother Seigel's Syrup. "Six years have now passed," writes,Mrs. Bathurst, on March inth, 1904, "since I was cured of indigestion and rheumatism by Mother Seigel's Syrup, and there has been no return of either complaint. My appetite is good, and I have no need to exercise special care as to what I eat. In fact my general health is excellent, though T still take a dose of the syrup now and agaip as a safeguard against the return of the rheumatism." Mrs. Bathurst's precaution would have commended itself to Mr. Gladstone. who, in matters o! health, would leave nothing to chance.

FAILURES IN ENGLAND AND WALES.—According to "Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, July 29th, was 175, viz.: —New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 69; Deeds of Arrangement registered. 95. The respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were: Bankruptcies, 85; Deeds of Arrangement, 72—Total 157; being a net increase in Bankruptcies 'of 165. and a net increase in Deeds of Arrangement in 1904, to date, of 392.

•./1. "SOUTHERN IRELA.ND."—The Great Western Railway Company has just issued an illustrated book, entitled "Southern Ireland." To holiday seekers the pub liCa- tion should be of great interest. The lakes and land- scapes and the chief points of interest in Southern Ireland are pleasantly described, and what is of more importance to the tourist, the best ways of reaching them are set forth. There is also a useful appendix, giving particulars of train and bat services, coach routes, tourist arrangements and some of the fares in operation as well as a coloured map.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,04,1wMati24*

===== 0002601_19040806_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER SHIP CANAL COMPANY.

MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS.

The Recent Litigation.

The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders of the Manchester Ship Canal Company was held on Thursday at. the Midland Hotel. Mr. J. K. Bythell presided. The Chairman spoke of the two bills which the Com- pany have had before Parliament this session. The half year just terminated, he said, would always be remem- bered as a very eventful period, in the history of the Company. They had promoted two bills in Parliament; one had received the Rtyal assent, and the other had been read for the third time in the Upper House, and was therefore sure to become an Act of Parliament before the session closed. These measures would have a very important influence on the future of the under- taking, and would most certainly operate eventually to the material benefit of the shareholders. THE ARRANGENIENT WITH THE CORPORATION. The one which had received the Royal assent exactly carried out the arrangements between the Corporation of Manchester and the Company which were approved by theshareholders in February last. Under this scheme the shareholders would be charged 3 1-5 oar cent per annum instead of 41 per cent on the loan of five millions. The arrangement was retrospective. Before its adop- tion all the arrears of interest, calculated at 4 per cent amounting to £1,800,000, stood as a debt, payable in cash,before the shareholders could receive any dividend. Now, however, all the arrears that had accrued and all that might still accrue would be workee out at 31-5 per cent, and the reduced rate would be no longer payable in cash, but converted to 3 per cent non-cumulative preference shares. (Hear, hear.) He knew that some shareholders thought the Company might have got better terms from the Corporation, but when, after months of close negotiations, the time had come to go to Parliament if they wanted any legislation to take effect in the coming session, he thought the shareholders were very wise in closing with the offer. If they had let it slip, of course the question arose whether similar terms would have been re-opened. .The writing off of a million pounds of arrears—for that was what tilt arrangement would eventually work out to—and the acceptance of 31 per cent non-cumulative preference shares in respect of the balance, certainly did improve the position of the shareholders very materially. (Hear, hear.) It removed a great burden of debt which made the position formerly almost hopeless.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEEPENING OF TEIE CANAL.

The other Act was to empower the Company to increase the depth of the canal from 26ft. to 28ft. That would be done in the estuary section, twenty-one miles in length, from Eastbam to Latchford by retaining two feet more tidal water. That power was granted after a severe struggle in Parliament. From Latchford to Manchester. in consequence of the height of the railway , bridges, it would be necessary to carryout the deepening by dredging,. As soon as the measure had received the Royal assent, the work would go on with all possible speed. They were already making arrangements to begin dredging as soon as the bill was approved. Even at the present time they were badly in want of the extra depth, and it was quite certain that if within a very short time they did not deepen the canal a good deal of the expansion they hoped for would not be retained. Mr. Bythell re-alled the circumstances under which the Ship Canal Company had been put to considerable expenditure in opposing the Trafford Park Dock Bill and in defending the action brought against them by the Warrington Corporation. In mentioning that Warrington were appealing to the House of Lords he said that certain overtures had been made on the part of the company, but without effect. Having disposed of the" special business" of the half year, Mr. Bythell reviewed what he termed the "ordinary" business. The results obtained in the Ship Canal department justified, he said, the hope of con- tinued steady progress. Remembering all the circum- stances and drawbacks, an increase of 54,206 tons and £9.000 in receipts compared very'encouragingly with a half year whi,.h showed an increase of 238,000 tons in seaborne traffic and £22,819 in receipts. When he saw early in the year the prices of cotton were advancing so rapidly that spinners would practically be prohibited from importing, he was nervous as to the result. of the half year. It was perfectly clear they would have a large falling off in the receints from cotton and an early suspension of the sailing of steamers from American cotton ports. with consequent loss of other cargo. The falling off in cotton amounted to 110,000 bales, but they had had traffic to compensate for that loss, and even give an increase of 54,000 tons, which showed that they were getting an increased grip on trade, and a grip which they might depend upon it would never be relaxed. (Hear, hear.) The company had spent £2,640 more in dredging, a large portion of it being for extra dredging in the river at Warrington. As regards the Bridgewater department. there also the traffic felt the effect of the stoppage of the mills, because the Bridgewater Csnal was to a great extent dependent on bringing in cotton and taking out • cotton goods. But its results proved much better than he had expected. They had a net revenue of £11,688, as against £12.555 for the corres- ponding portion of last year. Altogether they had received .£30,193 from the Ship Canal revenue. £11,688 from the Bridgewater department, and £996 in interest, making a total half-year's profit of £92,877. Looking forward, Mr. Bythell described in detail the various developments which it is proposed to make when the necessary preliminaries have been completed for borrowing a sum of £550,000. Some work that was badly wanted was already in hand. They were putting in jetties at Mode Wheel. Irla.m, and Latchford locks, such as had been provided already at Eastham, and adding appliances to meet with increased requirements for shipping coal at Partington. Good progress had been made with the No. 9 Dock and transit shed, and he hoped that these would be ready for wprk next June. By that time there was no doubt these extensions would be constantly required, if the traffic continued to increase even in the same ratio as it had done this year. Many traffic experts, both English and foreign, had examined the new works, and these visitors were unanimous in praising their design and construc- tion. They all said there was nothing, so far as they had seen, in any other port equal to the new acccommo- dation which was being provided on the canal. That, he believed, was perfectly true. THE PROSPECTS OF THE COMPANY.

As to the prospects of the company, Mr. Bythell said there were so many influences at work that it was very difficult indeed to make any forecast about the immediate future. During the earlier months of the year timber was their greatest standby.a.nd he was glad to say that up to the present the receipts for timber were larger than last year. As to whether the advance would con- tinue it was difficult to form an opinion, and all he could say was that they lived in hope. One circumstance that embarrassed every port inEurope at present was that cargo from the United States ports and Canada continued to be relatively very scarce, particularly grain,of which scarce- ly any was being shipped from the United States ports. Many large cargo vessels had been laid up for some time, and those still running frequently came in only partly full. There own lines had been fairly well maintained, but until the Atlantic and Canadian shipping trade showed i improvement they had no prospect of extension in that direction. Nevertheless, when the new shipping season opened, about October, he looked forward to some improvement both in the matter of the quantity of cargo and in the rate of freight. The prosnects of the American cotton crop were much better than they were this time last year, aril if the good crop that was now due according to the law of averages was secured this year, there would be a considerable augmentation of Ship Canal trade. He hoped the spinners would be loyal to Manchester and snnport those shipowners who had undercalten to provide frequent sailings of large vessels to and from the :American cotton ports during the season. The Company were still dependent on spinners' impor- tations. It had not been possible, so far, to form any real cotton market in Manchester. Markets for grain and timber had been obtained, however, and no doubt cotton would follow. The question as to whether the time had not come when there should be a future market in. Manchester was being considered at the pre- sent time, and the matter would be dealt with before very lone. "We have every reason to hone," Mr. Bvthell concluded, "for a fairly good half year if not a brilliant one." (Applause.) Mr. Alderman Southern seconded the motion and it was carried.

Lancashire Hussars Pass Through Warrington. At. noon on Sunday,the Lancashire Hussars Imperial 'Yeomanry, who completed their 16 days' training under canvas at Delamere on Saturday, passed through Warrington on their way home. 7

DIRECT FROM LEMONS.

"Amongst the necessities of a household, as a wholesome beverage cannot be surpassed." Dr. Andrew

Wilson

CAMBRIDGE LEMONADE. GOLD MEDAL Universal Cookery and Food Exhibition, Royal

Albert Hall, 1904.

5,d. per Bottle. Leading Crocers.

CHIVERS &SONS, Ltd., Histon, Cambridge.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
"WAKE UP, WARRINGTON ! " Rev. C. Harvey Cook's Advice. COMMENTS ON THE MEDICAL OFFICER'S

REPORT.

"Almost an Indictment of Criminality."

In the course of his sermon at Cairo-street Chapel on Sunday morning, the Rev. C. Harvey Cook made allusion to the annual report of the Medical Officer of Health. The report, he said, ought to be in the hands of and read by every thought- ful ratepayer and housekeeper within the borough, or its salient features' printed in cheap form and distri- buted from house to house. There was a mass of in- structive information in the report, but he should only refer to one or two points. Our rates were high and they already handicapped trade and commerce. But public health was more than public wealth. A healthy borough was more than a wealthy one. One did not wish to be an alarmist, and yet one felt that this was such an important religious matter that one ought not to neglect to call attention to it. Where the town was not overcrowded or" slummy "then the death rate was practically normal; where it was over-crowded and "slummy "then the death rate was abnormal. Surely that was cause for unquiet. It seemed scarcely credible that dwelling houses only erected 20 years ago should have no damp-course in them and so have passed into a very bad state; so the report says. The unpaved streets and passages, reported on pages 108 and 109, filled men with distress, and that some of them were men- tioned 20 years ago by the then medical officer of health as needing attention yet remained unpaved to-day, was surely almost an indictment of criminality. What could be more a menace to health than pools of dirty water, sloppings from pails, fouling the surfaces of the passages or yard or street into which children would tread, carrying all sorts of things into the houses, cer- tainly conducive to illness and disease? One was forced to ask" Has not the Corporation the power when pass- ing plans for building to make it a condition that both street and passage should be properly formed and drained"? If they have the power why has it not been used, and if they have not the power why don't they get it? It was not an attractive sight to see themselves in their communal capacity in the Medical Officer of Health's report. There were a few indications of betterment, but the Prince of Wales's advice to England evidently needed repeating to War- rington in the matter of public health—" Wake up, Warrington," There was much being done, and the voluminous details in the report revealed great labour, and the churches especially should come forward and strengthen the hands of those whose duty it was to record the vital statistics of the borough. A large measure of success had attended the precautions taken against smallpox, and, as he understood Dr. Gornall, it was not that danger he feared so much now as scarlet fever. There were 231 reported cases last year, and how many unreporOd was not known. Every person in War- rington, wherever there was the slightest suspicion of its existence ought to report it. No one had the right to menace the health of another even if he or she did not care about themselves, and they of Cairo-street believed that religion ought to interest itself in these questions of health. There was no need for their minister to apologise for venturing to speak on such a matter. Life, in theirjudgment, was a whole and not a thing to be cut up into departments and labelled one "religion," another " politics," another " business," as each was but as an arc in the circle. They could not understand a reiigion that had not its vital relation to this world, not because they found in the Bible the record of care for public health, did they thereby feel bound to enjoin it upon themselves, but because experi- ence, humanity, science enforced it. They perceived through their knowing faculties that it was of necessity, necessity e93ecially to all who really believed in the Fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of man, and they could not understand a preaching of religion which was not related to the ethics of public health.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY D 3 THE PUBLIC BUY VI-COCOA P

Do you know that your mental health depends very much on your bodily health, and, therefore, on your food. Thousands of people, who first tried Vi-Cocoa as an experiment and now use it daily, have ascertained this fact. _ _

- We again repeat that not only your physical . health and strength depends on the proper regulation of your diet, but also your moral character and your intel- lectual and commercial progress. "Then I will try Vi-Cocoa," you say—and then forget ! to do so, although we are daily publishing the striking ! testimony of men and women who confirm our state- ment that Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocov. is indeed the perfect Food Beverage of the People. There is no cheaper or better article on the market. It is sold by all. grocers and stores in 6d. packets, and 9d. and Is. Gd. tins; or you can try it absolutely free by writing (a post card will do) to Vi-Cocoa, Ltd., GO, Bunhill Row, London. E.C., for a dainty sample tin.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

PIANO FOR DUTTON WORKHOUSE.

At the annual meeting on Wednesday the members of Runcorn Co-operative Society decided to purchase a piano for the use of the inmates of the Workhouse at Dutton.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
BATHING FATALITY AT RUNCORN.

On Snnday afternoon a drowning fatality occurred in the Bridgewater Canal on the far side of Astmoor Bridge. A labourer named Arthur Cooke, living with his brother in Lyon-street, Runcorn, went with his brother to the canal to bathe. A moment or two after entering the water Cooke threw up his hands and sank. His brother went in twice but failed to bring him out. Several members of the Runcorn Grappling Corps dragged the canal without success for three or four hours. A young man named Dutton then dived into the water and re- covered the body.—The inquest was held at Runcorn on Wednesday.—Fred Cooke, brothel, said the deceased threw up his arms and sank without givinr, any warning. Samuel Dutton, of 5, Canal-street, said he dived three times and found the body in a deep hole. Cross- examined by the jury, witness stated that he had saved five lives by his swimming powers. He had also recovered two dead bodies. It was stated that Dutton had saved a life the week before. The jury returned a verdict of" Accidentally drowned," and asked that the record of Dutton should be brought under the notice of the proper authorities. _ ALI.EGED ATTEMPTED SUICIDE AT RUNCORN. _ _ _

John Fanning, a sailor, was charged at the Runcorn Police Court on Saturday, with having attempted tsa commit suicide by jumping in the Manchester Ship Canal at Runcorn on Sua.ay.—Frederick Wilkinson. 9, Waterloo-road, docks foreman, said that at half-past three on Sunday afternoon he was walking by the dock side and saw the prisoner walk to the North Pier and take-his coat and braces off. He stood on the edge of the water. Witness took him away and kept by him until he could send for the police. The man was very drunk. Two of his shipmates came along and said they, would take him to the boat. He broke away from them,' however, and staggering to the canal side, fell into the water. Witness thought he fell in by accident. He was unfit to take care of himself. He was got out in 'six minutes with a grappling iron and seemed nearly exhausted. He had not expressed to witness any inten- tion of committing suicide.—Patrick Mulligan, 4, Briscoe-street, said he saw Fanning break away from his Imates. He was very drunk and staggered into the water. He did not jump in purposely.—The Magistrates' Clerk said there was no evidence of an intention to commit suicide.—Prisoner was discharged.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ACCIDENT TO TRADESMEN.

Two St. Helens tradesmen met with a rather serious accident on Tuesday night in one of the main streets of the town. Mr. AV. H. Aukland, of Denton's Green, was driving Mr. Thomas Middlehurst, of Hall-street, along Ormskirk-street, when the horse fell, and they were both pitched out. Mr. Middlehurst was injured on the head, and was taken to the Providence Hospital.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
ALARMING GAS EXPLOSION.

Shortly before ten -o'clock on Wednesday evening an alarming gas explosion occurred at the residence of Mr. Hefford, a baker, 23, Cowley-hill-lane, St. Helens. It appears that Mr. Hefford discovered a large escape of gas in the front sitting-room, and he procured 9. step- ladder and proceeded to fill the slide of the chandelier with water. He shouted to the servant not to come near with any light, but the girl in her excitement rushed into the room with an open light. Immediately there was a terrific explosion, the front door and bay window being hurled across the road. Mr. Hefford was enveloped in a sheet of flame, and his face and hands were badly burnt. The Fire Brigade were telephoned for, and were quickly on the scene, and speedily reduced the flames. Dr. Dow attended to Mr. Hefford's injuries. The sitting-room was wrecked, and considerable damage was done.

ST. HELENS EDUCATION COMM ITT EE.-INC RE ASE OF

SALARIES.

Colonel W. W. Pilkingion presided on Wednesday at the monthly meeting of the St. Helens Educational Authority, when the chief business was the resolutions giving increases of salaries to three of the officials.— Councillor Foote moved the confirmation of a resolution by the Finance Committee, increa-sing the salary of Mr. P. Sharp, the local inspector of schools, from £3OO to £350 a year. the increase to date from Septegaber Ist next.—Coancillor Collins seconded.—Councillor Hatton objected, and thought they ought to stop those increases of salary. Although there were a great many houses empty, and trade was very bad in the town, they still went on increasing salaries.—The resolution was carried.—Councillor Foote moved that Mr.J.A.Elartley's salary chief clerk in the director's office,be increased from £l2O to £l3O, and that Mr. H. R. Dutton be appointed finance clerk to the Education Committee, and his salary be incressed from £l2O to £l4O per annum.—The resolu- tions were approved.—The Higher Education Commit- tee appointed Mr. A. W. Warrington science master at the pupil teachers' centre, Gamble Institute, and for two evenings per week at the Technical School, at a salary of £250.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
BABY QUIRK'S QUICK CURE

Of Torturing Eczema

===== 0002601_19040806_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
by Cuticura

When Ail Else Had Utterly Failed.

NOT THE SLIGHTEST RETURN SINCE CURE.

"My baby, Owen Herbert Quirk, was afflicted from the age of six weeks with a loathsome running eczema, almost covering his face. I took him to Drs.

- and ---- of Victoria Road, Aldershot, and he was treated by them for three months, but got much worse, and was a sickening sight to look at. I saw an advertisement of the Cuticura Remedies, and got the Soap, Ointment and Resolvent.

"We noticed an improvement at once, and within a fortnight the run- ning had ceased and the scales were nearly all dried off, and in a month his face was perfectly clear, not a spot left. I have enclosed photograph of him when he was thirteen months old. He is now two years and four months, and has never had the slightest return of it. I am very grateful for the benefits de- rived from your remedies, and shall feel it a pleasure to make their value known. For corroboration of this statement you may refer any one to Mrs. Williams, 45 Michaels Road, Alder- shot, or Mr. Gunstane, 40 Victoria Road, Aldershot, to whom we recom- mended the remedies for a skin humour, which they also cured. You are at liberty to do what you like with this statement, as I should like all to know of the value of Cuticura." WILLIAM HERBERT QUIRK, No. 1 West End Cottages, Ruywood Road, N. Southampton. Sold throughout the world. Cutteura Resolvent, 2s. 6d., (in form of Chocolate Coated Pills. Is. lid. per vial of 60), Ointment, 2s. 6d.. Soap, Is, Depots: London. 27 Charter. house Sq.; Paris, 5 Rue de is Flux; Boston, 187 Columbui Ave. Potter Drug & Chem. Corp., Sole proprietors. tx'Send ior "How to Cure ECZEMS.'

===== 0002601_19040806_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
MURDERER'S VIEW OF LIFE.

Verses Written in a Condemned Cell.

The case of the Seaham Harbour murder, for which George Breeze paid the penalty, was remarkable for the extraordinary letters which Breeze had written. To those he added with the following effusion to a friend while under sentence of death : "Dear M.,—l thought I might have received a letter from soma of my old mates so I wrote to let you know that I am cheerful, although my position is one you would not appreciate. But when a young fellow is so easily enticed from home hv a woman he deserves to suffer. The slight quarrel had which _ _

made me leave home was through her, as she had asked me to come to lodge there. So like a fool I „ went, and then, of course, I killed her. I have a good bed and good food, and °facials are civil. Tall Smith, the football trainer, to get his men into training for the coming season. We had many a j. yful day together, especially at Blackpool. Mates, take my advice and do not let your lives be ruined. If I had taken advice I would have been with you to-day. The letter then broke into the following verse : It is hard to die so young, Especially by Billington to be hung, But when all is reckoned right Life is just a miserable sight. For in love I madly fell, And now in prison I do dwell. Ere long my neck will be bared, And for my fate I am quite prepared. So mates, don't be enticed by cheat, For life when happy is so sweet. If advice I had taken when told My name might have numbered with the old. So remember what I say, And let your life go its natural way. So now I must.bid you all adieu, For I am ready to die for her so true, As I must fill a vacant place Beside those of my shameful race. So farewell, friends, one and all, I must prepare for duty's call. The letter concluded : "ff you hear anyone say anything about the sad affair to my brother William, see that he does them no harm, as you know his temper. —Your unhappy mate, GEORGE BREEZE."

===== 0002601_19040806_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE BEER AT ELECTIONS.

At Leeds Assizes, on Thursday, David Snowden (40) plumber, and Isaac John Fielders Harvey (48), tobacc- onist, pleaded guilty to corruptly influencing voters at the municipal election at Barnsley last October.' Counsel stated that the practice of giving free beer at the municipal elections at Barnsley had long prevailed, and the proposal to abolish the custom by one side had not been adopted by the other. Defendants had already been subjected to very severe and serious punishment. One of them had been disfranchised, debarred from tak- ing part in municipal life for a number of years, and bad been ordered to pay something like £2,000, costs of a petition, and other costs. Justice Channel said defendants were unfortunate in being made scrapegoats, and he regretted others were not there. Taking into consideration counsel's plea for Harvey, he imposed a fine of £5O, and fined Snowden £25, defendants to pay the costs of the prosecution.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19040806_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,", -

===== 0002601_19040806_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
k

4 4 ; ,

r

I

1 14,

t-

===== 0002601_19040806_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Eb! " twercts

rF wrry 4.ND MITio-CFrit9RIIR '4C 4(IT.R " n-th morninc 66 ":1..1.-,,r)vv ••tr) Igve,ll I?,:ckvirr,nia UtiltilhA AJ.I,V Fri,t4v etrtry)n. rr KLM published every afte-a.m. PIZALNEINKR." publiphed every T{4l NCAAN Frici4v nfternooo. rr Fig " vIDNPI9 FAAMICFER." publifibed every Prict‘v afternoon. P rt f AP TITS LIT,CD AP.tftr.A.4l.crs To LKT a.grtcr—ss Losr ZICLES F ,IL'l3

XDVF,Fr'el',ll/: ki ENT H 11143 WANT ED HOiIiFIS To RE SOLI" MISCELGLIK ATS .ANTS MISCELL k`i MORS SALES One Three Six Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 RI 36 34. 3s. 14. ... ss. Od. 54

===== 0002601_19040806_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
aotne4tir ,erbantq, etr.

W ANTBD COOK ml -GRNERAL for restrant.—Apply. HIGHFIELD HoUSE, qtalybridge.

ANTED,experienred GENERAL for Su Iv.--Anply Mrs VT HOLT, MoorsioP, Tonge Moore rd, Bolton,L4neashire.

NIT ANTED experiene.,l GWVERAL, striotiv honest; able V to vra.oh•—ripoly C. SHERIDAN, 37 Wigan meat. Wig .n.

WANTBD HOUSEMAID-WATTRICSS ; smal, family.— Apply Mrs. ROE BROWN, Gwastad. Csfnybedd. -near Wrexham.

WANTED Strong honest GIRL, age 16-17, to asei.t in house snd ahop.--Apply CUNLIFFECEI, 22. Queen's Park rd.. Blackburn.

IiNTBD experienced GENERAL ; able to cook ; family three ; no washing; wages722o.—Address 10A, WASH LANE, Bury, Lancs.

WAVTED GIC !I RAL ; washing ; plain cooking ; thre. in family; mast be early riser.—Apply Mrs. Ows:c, Heyes.lane, Titnperley.

WAN TRD. Rood GRNRRAL SERVANT, abont 25; eight in family. No farm work.-IrB. TICKLE, New Hall, Sesriebriek, near Ormakirk.

WANTBD, tHRFUL MELID for small family; good home; good wages to suitable girl. —Mr. NOBLETT, 90, Hampton rd. Southport.

WA.STEP, High-class and Plait, COOKS, Parlour and Housemaids. Generals. private n d BEATTIE. Cbapel street, Preston.

VTANTBD, good GEINICHAL ; four in family; no chll- V dren ; plain cooking; housemaid bept.—Apply, 78, TALBOT ROAD, Old Trafford, Manchester.

WANTRD. for HOTHLS. WAITRR 1683, Cooks. Kitchen- maids, Housemaid-Waitresses, and 40 Generals, to PnEsroa's Registry, Blackpool.

ANT ANTED HOUSEMAID for Stalybridge ; neat, and good V workrr ; £l3; references necessary. —ANDREW, " Fbudene,"'Thompson Cross, Stalybridge.

ANTRD, young NURSE-HOUSHMAID, In Angust ; must be strong arid clEvin ; able to assist washing and ironing.—Apply 48, CRESCENT. Ealford. .Ylanchester.

WiTANTED AT ONCE. SERVANT WOMAN for Farm- house ' • no children ; references recrired.—Mrs. PILKINGTON, Black Was lane, Scarlsbrick, Ormskirk

LL °LASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or town public and private.—eall or write Miss H tItHISON'S only office). 6,oldham street, Manchester. Established 1862. R S lvi c..,,,paftenitAyl? g nod,eeiuirreelsi bsluepe or places StEollVnA,,Nn7dS country, every Estab. 24 years.—SP:LF.CT REGISTRY. Rust-mime, Manchester.

I 'WOKS WANTHO £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress £lB kJ to £22. Generals £lB to £2O, Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other office. —Write to HARRIIION'S 6. Oldham street. Manchester.

BLACKPOOL.-WANTICD immediately, several GOOD SERVANTS for hotels. boarding and private houses, schools Bm.. good wages, state age, experience &c.—Mrs. DEAN, 31, Talbot Rd.. Ellar,kpool.

BLaCKPOOL.-83 good Generals, General Waitresses and Housemaid Waitresses for Company Hons.es and Board- ing Houses. Wages from 6s. to 10e. per week, and tips.— Mrs. NAHBURTON, 20, Dickson -d.

ALL CLASS oF SITUATION'S, private and public good home.. escellent wages ; places in town.country and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street. Manchester.

WANTED. c.-4 COOK-GENERAL and Housemaid- Waitress, for second week in August ; Protestants ; only thoroughly eXperieneed maids need supply. Sirs. HANDIOND, Bollinholmc, Wilmslow Park, Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Zaantrti.

WAITED, a DAIRY of Well-cooled MlLL—Apply H. ATicno3ow, 60, Wheatland lane, Seacombe.

lATANTED at once a YOUNG LADY Confectioner.— pply 88. MARKET IT., Hindley. near Wiallll.

I) li QUIRBD. .speotabte young woman as Correspondent. 1i.C.8., 4, Duke street, Charint/ Cross. London.

SUNLIGHT or LIFEBUOY TOPS WANTED; lid. doz. Cash by return.—Sxrra's STORES, Dedham. Essex.

AlattNUY.—lilateh-striking Novelty, silver, free samp)es 3d.— PENLINT DFPOT, 92 Freedom rd., Sheffield.

QUNLIGRT. LTPRBUOY TOPS iii/A.NITHI). le. per 100: 5.7 Matchlest whole le. 3,-I.—T4YLOR, 42,qeorge at., Hull.

AN WANTBD to placa Automatic Machines in shops .I.Tit good wagEs.—CuaTis, 28?, Br4mall lane, Sheffield.

yWANT'i:O,to ADOPT•BkRY (gooci home); tate premium KENDAL,4 Lyrhona et , Higher Broughtou.Webester•

-- VxCHPTIONALLY Mtn, Windy wi th tools, seek employment.—SuTEß.Warwcek row Cottages,Coventry

AAT ANTED. GIRL to learn erufnnet, business; would have conifortible home.—AppIy.MAIVDESLEY, 23, Wal mer roal. Birkciale. Southonrt

--- - WANTED a RE3P4OPABLI3 YOUTH ab)ut 16 or 17 for Newepap.r OfficP, in liarrington.—A,pply ECHO OFFICE, Corr JO II ..Warri ngton.

ITANTBID, LUMEN and GENTLSHBR. Busineqs V ability. £2 weekl7.—Particulars, &c., 2 etlatps, R. PARRT. Ogivy, Usk st., Bargoed.

WAN at once. ARCHITECT'S PUPIL ; splendid opening for intellectual youth.—Apply to F. J. JONES, architect, 44, High st., Runcorn.

(-10ACHMAN or GrHI)OM-COACIINIAT4 ; experienced with ki hunters ; age 31 ; three years' good reference. 11cPnEnsmi, 46, Tornkinson at.. Hoole, CtPater.

TI OW TO INVHST 6s. and upwards a month, high rate of I interest, ; Agents wanted in provine'al towns ; state if investor --INSTALME:NTS TittbsoT Co., 20, High Holborn.

WANTED, 50 GOOD NAVVIE3.—Good hut aecornmoda- tion.—Aprly on thd inh, iONVRTT BROS., Liverpool Corporati)a Waterworks, Beeston Castle, and Delmnere, 'Cheshire.

TOBB/NG GARDENING WANTED, Warrington di#trict, tP plants supplied at reasonable prices ; many years' experience ; abstainer; good referenc,s.—JosEPH MASSE), 65, Slater et., LatcLiford.

1011ARTNRRSKIP.— Smart young IV AN with funds required 1 by Liverpool Manufacturing and Commission firm. Good salary and one third of trofits. Espolicants Weise state amount of money available.-1118DY, 49. White- chapel, Liverpool.

WANTED MEN, Young and Old, to write for our book, "1-low to become an iflectrical Engineer sent pat free. it tells how thousands gain better positions and salaries studying Electrical or Mechanical Engineering at Home by post; endorsed by Thome.; A. Edison and British Electricians.—Address ELECTRICAL

ENGINEER INSTITUTE OV CORRESPONDENCE IN9TRUCTION, 413, Tem; le Chambers. Temple Avenue, London, B.C.

FURNITURE, PEANOS, STOCKS, &c. BOUGIIT FuR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT, OR ADVANuItS MADE. HIGHEST PRICES GIVIIv. NO CHAEGS FOR INSPECTION. .FIAItTLCY AND CO., 12, MOSS-STRKET. LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Co be ?La.

25, C,ATHRRINg -.TOM, 6 Rooms 4R. 3d. per week. YENKIITH.—GOOD HOITSW: WITH CUMMINS, ls. 9d.

• Der week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. WAURINGTON.—Larze SHOP n prinrlipal positions in math streets, Rents £2OO, £l5O. £lOO and £9O a year IVY LODGM.FROGHALL LANE rent £45 a year on lease. Apply roper LOWE, Betftte Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War- elnaton. Te'..)hone—No 55.

To LET, Good Dwelling-house, 48, Parker street. —Apply WOODS & SON, Solicitors, Warrington,

Q HOP, HOUSB, and BAKRHOUSit to 1314LIlT,ISio. 4, Flit at. —Apply 38, HOYLE ST., Warrington.

rim I.I4T.—HOUSE and SHOP, Parker at.—Apply Wooos 1 AND Sort, bolfeitors, Horsemaelset st., Warrington.

WARRHOUSR and YARD with Stabling To Let in Bewsey st. (lately occupied by .Ipseph Woodward, Builder) ; also railway arcb.—Apply SMETHURST, Old foundry, Warrington.

WALTON-ON-NAZII—HOUSH TO LW', 9 rooms, close' to Station, overlooking pier, high.st point; rent £25. worth £35.--BARYER, 15, Bessborough Garden , Westminster.

ORICCIRTA.—GooI. STABLING for VISITORS' HORSES and good Room for Motor-can. Note the address.— BRYNBIR ARMS, Criccieth.

(IN SALE, tte oldest CHIP SHOP in Bury; 3 tenants kJ in 28 years, main street. —141,, BOLTON ST , Bury.

eIOAL BUSINNSS.—For Sale in Cardiff; owner retiring. NJ grand change.—Apply Mr JONES, 161, King's rd, Cardiff.

pauses anb Eanb on &ale.

fitotor ears, eget* de.

CIYCLHS, High Grade, no comparison for pries. materi finish; lists free.—AtfhLYN. George st., Bedford,

JOHN lIVA LK ER 0.4.) DDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

ACCOUNT BOOKS, &c. • MADE TO ORDER

POSTERS A SPECIALITY.

DELIVERY and ORDER BOOKS Printed Bound. Numbered, and Perforated to Order. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, PROGRAMMES FOR DANCES. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS, PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPHERS,

BOOKBINDERS,

PAPER RULERS, &c.,

Estimates given for all kinds of work.

HAY.—ALDERSON BROTHERS. Direct Importers, 25. . Brasenose road, Liverpool.

PRINTRRS' Old Blocks for destroying.—B. HARRISON, 43 Alice St., Bermondsey, London. S. S.

j UAL LIVER £5 108. Book, 10 times cash. Old tusiness. It —B., 62 Pitcroft Avenue, Reading.

Q ILK.—Null Dress Length, handsome Silk, pleiged ; semi- -10 flee voucher 58.—FRY, 66. Jeffreys rd., Clapham.

LIOR SALII, small YACHT. 24ft. over all.—Apply, J. GELDART.WaIney Lighthouse,Barrow-in-Furness.

TOP LOUlitiS. Send ss. 61. and get the nest black mercerised blouse on the market. MERTant BLOUSE CO„ Merthyr.

lIHRUNIATIS3I cured by we.ring eiectrical dins, per , post 74. pair.—GRAY, 51 High Street, Birmingham.

D HBUMATOW ARTHRlTlS.—Rheumatism, Rheumatoid 1.1, Arthritis and Rheumatic Gout speedily Cured. Mar- vellous new discoveries. Splendid results !—BARIAIG- Gout% Rheumatic Specialist, Queenswood-road, Moseley, Birmingham. Advice and Testimonials Free.

SBAFIRLD SCHOOL, LYTHAM. Vacing the sea. Re- cognised by the Board of Education as an efficient school. Principal, Dr. SLATER, M.A., F.R.A.S.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE.

AUGUST 6th, 1904.

Monday night's debate THE CENSURE had some elbrnents of DEBATE. freshness, although the

theme was far from new. The spectacle of the Government coolly defying the opinion of the country justified Sir HENRY , CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN'S contention that Ministers are trying to undermine our fiscal system although they are afraid to appal to the electorate. They are playing a game of " manceuvres and machina- tions." They profess to be surprised by this indict- ment, and remind us over and over again that the fiscal issue is not before this Parliament, and that it belongs to a future Government. To this argu. ment Lord HUGH CECIL words a damaging answer. The Government may please themselves with this formula about the future, but the country persists in regarding the issue as immediate. Every bye- election proves that to the hilt. By common agreement, Oswestry was a pitched battle on the whole Protectionist policy. What is the use of pretending that the present Parliament has nothing to do with the matter when Oswestry concerns itself with the matter and sends to the House of Commons a representative pledged to resist Mr. CHAMBERLAIN to the last ? The force of this argument was not lost on the Apostle of Tariff Reform. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN knows what Oswestry means, and he sought to soften the edge of it for the benefit of the Government. He differed from Mr. BA.LPOUR, he said, upon the main issue. Why had he left the Cabinet? The PRIME MINISTER SYMPStilified with the object of his policy, but did not believe that proferentia 1 tariffs would commend themselves to the country.

Mr. CHAMBERLAIN reiterated hit, own belief in his ultimate triumph, but meanwhile he would never accept the theory that Sheffield meant Birming- ham. It was something quite different, something that the Unionist Free Traders had no occasion to shy at. This, of course,was intended to meet Lord Hcaff CECIL'S warning, that if Mr. BALFOUR indicated any readiness to move aa inch beyond the Sheffield progeamme, the Free Fooders would go into the division lobby against him. So the Birmingham Damon deplored his failure to persuade the Sheffield Phthias to make common cause with him. A perfectly unreal difference of opinion between them was set up solely for the purpose of Monday night's division. It was another illus- tration of the policy of machination and manceuvre. Here are the constituencies declaring with growing emphasis that they want neither Mr. CHAMBER- LAIN nor Mr. BALFOUR, and here is Mr. CHAM- BERLAIN giving Mr. BALFOUR a certificate Of competence to represent public opinion at the head of affairs. It is a ludicrous situation, which would not be maintained at the fag end of a most unsatisfactory Session if the Unionist Free !Traders had the courage of their convictions. Sir HENRY CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN dwelt none too strongly upon the indifference of Mr. BALFOUR and his colleagues to the collective responsibility of the Cabinet. The Albert Hall demonstration is not the only instance. It is notorious that Mr. ARNOLD-FORSTER'S Army scheme does not repre- sent the judgment of " the Government or a Government." It has been openly repudiated by Mr. BRODRICK and Lord LANsnowNE,and the War Secretary, who does not adapt himself readily to the policy of manoeuvres, is meditatang retire- ment in disgust. There are cases on record, no doubt, in which members of a Cabinet have differed from one another on particular issues, but not upon issues which demanded immediate appeal to the country. Such differences of opinion related to matters which at the time were merely subsidiary, and not to matters which engaged the passionate interest of the whole nation. Mr. BALFOUR has established the novel precedent of a Prime Minister who holds that he and his colleagues may say and do what eath individual pleases about a question on which they are beaten by the electors whenever the electors have the opportunity of declaring their minds. If this is not unconstitutional, what in the name of wonder does 3onstitutional mean Even Mr. CHAMBER- LAIN hinted that the farce ought to come to an end in a General Election.

The Town Council meeting to be held on Tues- day evening promises to be a protracted one, for there are a number of subjects on the agenda which are likely to lead to discussion. In the first place, the Mayor announces the receipt of the report on the inquiry from the three Commis- sioners appointed by the Corporation. If a discussion cornmenees on the vexed question of the inquiry at the present juncture there is no telling where and how it will end. Under the circumstances it would appear to be wise to postpone any discussion until the Com- inissioners appointed by the Non-Trading Cim- mittee have finished their investigations and furnished the Council with their report. The resolution of the Finance Committee recommend- ing the acceptance of the tender of Messrs. Peter Walker and Sons, Limited, for the parchase of the licence of the George Hotel at £2,550 will certainly provoke some discussion. The result of the last big barter with the brewers which resulted in the transference of the licence of the Green Dragon Inn to the Brooklands is still fresh in the memory of the public. Is another fair district of the town to be pxploited by the brewers, simply because the George Inn has to be ciemolished ? It appears to us that the Finance and Estate Committee would have acted in toe best interests of the community if they had allowed the licence to lapse. £2,550 is certainly a tempting bait, but who is going to profit in the long run? We hope the members of the Corpora- tion will have the courage to follow the exarn.ole oil eading municipalities in the kingdoin and let the licence lapse.

The mere fact that the annual report of our Medical Officer of Health has been discussed in a place of worship, although unusual, is in itself a healthy sign. A matter which so closely concerns the health of the community is not outside the range of even a pulpit, and we can never hope to have a healthy town until the townspeople are roused from their apathy on this most important subject, and led to take such an interest in hygiene that they will be determined to have the serious sanitary defects of the town remedied. The Rev. C. Harvey Cook in the course of his reference to the suUject at Cairo-street Chapel on Sunday, advised the adoption of the motto—" Wake up Warrington!" A great deal of work needs to ba done before we can c9ngratulate ourselves on the completeness and:efficiency of our sanitary arrange- ments. It is of little use for the Corporation to spend time in widen'ng main thoroughfares or embark- ing on large commercial undertakings if such elementary work of local self-government as the paving of streets and back passages, and the i purifying of slum areas s i only partially or perfunctorily attended to. This s the most pres- sing work to which the Corporation can direct their attention, and until it is attended to, we shall be called upon to deal with epidemics and be faced with mortality returns of an unfavourable character.

Mr. W. S. Haddock, the manager of the gas works, has a very good account to give of the past year's working of this Corporation department. A profit of over £lO,OOO has been made—the largest realised in the history of the undertaking. The Gas Committee has since made several concessions to consumers, and these are calculated to reduce the income by £1,500. Mr. Haddock however,is hopeful-that this sum may be recovered through a more extended use ot gas. The conces- sions have been made to consumers outside the Borough who now get their gas 31, per thousand feet cheaper, and smaller concessions have been made to users of gas engines and consumers by slot meter. One may naturally ask why has the ordin- ary consumer in the Borough b3en passed over? Surely with a profit running into five figures the gas committee can afford to be generous to their lbest customers! Even with the discount knocked off, the price of gas to the ordinary consumer in the Borough is 2s. 7d. per thousand cubic feet. This is a higher price than is demanded ia neighnouring towns and the present seems n favourable opportunity to ask tor a reduction. A concession of even a Donny per thousand feet of gas would be greatly appreciated by consumers in the borough, who at the present time, are feeling the burden of the heavy rates.

Paculiarly saddenipg are the circumstances of the double drowning fatality which we record to-day. Yet there stands out an example of true heroism which must awaken a feeling of pride in the mind of the reader. The cry for help was unhesitatingly answered, and a boy of sixteen sac- rificed life itself in the endeavour to save his friend. Truly a noble end to a young career! It is ptinful to reflect that the summer season, when so many people give themselves up to enjoy- ment, always claims its toll of deaths. Nothing could be mote natural than that boys should seek relief from the oppressive heat in a cooling dip. The pity of it is that many cannot or will not avail themselves of the facilities provided by the Corporation, and inexpert swimmers expose them- selves to gmve dangers by bathing in deep water- ways. T.) such we trust this distressing fatality will act as a timely waraing.

The weird and uncouth sound of Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sans fire alarm disturbed the Sabbath quietude of Warrington on Sunday evening last. The noise could be heard for miles around, and although it was t. 311 o'clock at night, thousands of people turned out of their homes and hastened to the firm's factory,believing that a seriols fire had broken out there. The firm's brigade with its nsual smartness was the first on the scene and a number of head officials arrived imme- diately after. The thoroughfares surrlunding the works became almost impassible owing to the press of the people, but it speedily leaked out that no fire had broken out. It seemed to be another illustration of the cry " Wolf ! Wolf !” when there was no wolf. On hearing that there was no cause for the fire alarm, some of the beguiled ones became sarcastic, whilst others used expressions more forcible than polite. In this way the firm and its fire brigade were held up to a great deal of unmerited and totally unwarrantable ridi- cule. The truth is that they were the victims of a malicious and mischievous prank on the part of one of their own workmen, who in a mad, freakish moment sounded the alarm. He was summarily dealt with for causing the scare, and it is to be hoped that his punishment will prevent a recur- rence of an incident whi?.h the firm regrets ever took place.

Toe threat of the Warrington Corporation to take 'proceedings to close the market which is held several times a week in Vict 3ria Squire, Stockton Heath has acted like a bombshell in the village. In certain quarters where men generally congregate it has been the main topic of conversation, and some very strong remarks have been made by some of them as to the foplish and ruinous policy adopted by the village leaders during the past few months. It is coming to be recognized that the position of Stockton Heath is not that of an independent community, but dependent upon the good graces of Warrington, and that she would he wise in future to adopt the" open door" policy when Warrington makes her any proposals.

Melancholy news comes from Port Arthur, relieved, perhaps, by the story of the gallantry of defence and attack. Bat the loss of life is shock- ing. While it may be hoped that the worst is now over, what has happened only indicates what has still to come. The Jap mese are not this time finding Port Arthur a nut between the crackers; they cannot walk into it as they did wnen the Chinese held it a few years ego. Every mile of the advance, every fort, mast be dear-bought, and for the present the besieged, despite the inferno in which they live, have flung off the assault. Every pane of glass in the town is broken, every hospital is "swamped," and after a momentary view of horrors in town and hills beyond the curtain again falls on the fate of the distressed town and the plans of toe grim enemy sitting at its gates. The fell of the port must be only a matter of time, and the Japanese will regard the appar- ent suc2ess of the garrison as maskincr the demora- lised condition which such a bombardment and siege together are calculated to bring about. With the signal success of the Japanese against Kuro- patkin's position, it would be a dramatic climax to a war of dramatio surprises if crowning and de- cisive successes to Japan's arms were to occur almost simultaneously to the north and south of the peninsula. The completeness of their methods is vvell known, and their difficulties at the pre=ent hour impart an added zest • to the chances o: the situation.

Sir Harry Poland's letter in the " Times" on Thursday,exhibits one of the worst defects of our Parliamentary system. In the concentration on a few measures which excite party feeling, matters of great importance are ne.4lecte3, although th.re is substantial agreement as to their need; ar.d in that sense they are non-controversial. The False Statements (Companies) Bill was the natural sequel to the Whitaker Wright trial. Tile Attorney-General, with the characteristic slowness of a lawyer to move, had to be subjected to con- siderable pressure; but at last he introducal the measure, which is shore, clear, and to the point. It applies to a person who pub- lishes " any written statement or account relating to the financial affairs of a company which he knows to be false in any material particular " ; but it only operates in regard to false statements in documents already requirei by Act of Parlia- ment. Not a word has been said against it, and it would protect not only the ordinary investor, nut the poorer classes, by the demand which it would make for greater truthfulness in regard to industrial societies. If progress with this sort of measure cannot be made in intervals of heavier work, it is time that the machinery should be revised, and there should be delegation to respon- sible commitiees of at least the Committee stage of much more of the business of the House.

Everybody is watching with interest the develop_ rnent of the great strike in the American meat trade. All the Protectionist journals mention the fact that a prolonged dislocation of the American supplies will cause a meat famine in this country. Exactly so! But where are the supplies from the Colonies which these very journals have never ceased to inform us are sufficient for our needs if only we could keep the American supplies out by an adequate protective taxation? As a matter of fact, the Colonial supplies have this year fallen off seriously. Of mutton from New Z3aland we have had in the first six months of 1904 only 988,700c.,wt, as against 1,258,048 cwt. in the corresponding period of 1903. Canadian cattle imports have also fallen from 68,000 to 53,000. Even Anstraban rabbits Nave declined from 108,0003 wt to 34,000 .:wt. Evidently, if we are to depend on Colonial sup- plies, the risk of a meat famine is very serious.

How little Canada stands in need of atly arti- ficial stimulus such as the 2s.preference on wheat, is shown by the enormous increase in her wheat crop for 1904. Last year the crop was 55,000,000 bushels, and in 1902 a rec•ird yield was attained with 68,009,900 bushels. But the lowest estimate for the current year is 77,090,000 bushels. Obvi- ously, the natural rate of expansion is greater than any which could be brought about by a small pre- ference in favour of Colonial-grown grain. With- out any interference on the part of the Mother Country, it is safe to predict that Canada must become before maily decades the greatest wheat-exporting, if not the greatest wheat-producing country in the world. The latest move in the Canadian tariff adjustment tends, like the other change, to handicap British trade with the Dominion. Originally the Govern- ment proposed to levy a duty on British window glass of 7i per cent., while leaving the duty on foreign glass at 20 per cent. It appeared, however, that the production of window glass in great Britain is virtually a monopoly of a St. Helens firm, so that the Canadian Government, rather than benefit a single firm, has decided to reduce the duty on foreign glass to 15 per cent. Under these circumstances the American window glass exporters should be in a position to keep the Canadian market without much difficulty. Last year British glass and glass wares only accounted for £91,000 out of the £410,000 worth of foreign glass imported into Canada, and the new duties hardly promise us a larger share.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Index to Inside Pages.

PAGE. 2. Women's Chat aud Fashions. Dazzled Girls. Interesting Grass Experiments. Short Story by Gilbert Dale. 3. Events of the Week (Illustrated.) Cricket and Bowling. Manchester Ship Canal IVleeting. • "Wake up, Warrington ! " Murderer's View of Life. G. Football Club Sports. Our Local Churches. Retaliation—Mr. Balfour 's Panacea. Motor Notes. Fearnhead Sewage. The Smoke Nuisance at Warrington. Warrington Gas Works Undertaking. The Recent Earthquake. 7. "Robert Lanyon's Mistake," by Shirley Raynard. Bank Holiday Aftermath. Glasgow and Early Closing. Cotton Operatives Savings. BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. The third annual exhibition in connection with the Stockton Heath Garden Society will be held in the Church Room on Saturday next. Mrs. J. Charlton Parr will perform the opening ceremony. Shrewsbury Great Floral Fête will be held on Wednesday and Thursday, the 17th and 18th Over £1,200 is offered in prizes and a magnificent display is promised. There will be a host o.f attractions. Special trains will be run from this district.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Heath Passive Resisters.

The sale of the watches seizsd from the Stockton Heath passive resisters will take place in the War' rington Market-place on Monday afternoon at four o'clock. Mr. W. Hickman will be the auctioneer.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Railway Servants and the L.R.C.

We are inform- ed by the President and Secret.arl of the Warrington Branch of the Amalgamated Some, of Railway Servants that the statement published le "the Examiner" on July 16th, to the effect that the society has "decided not to assist in any form the candidature of the nominee of the Labour Represeeta- tion Committee "is unauthorised. .141 IRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAS LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-strept,Warringion.— Advt.

A Warrington Carter killed. James Green (50), carter' Winwick-road, Warring" ton, met with a shocking death on Thursday night" He was employed by Mr. James Toole, marine stqe dealer, Warrington, and was sent to Northwich charge of a lurry for a load of fat, &c. On returnhig through Great Budworth he fell from the vehime beneath the wheels which passed over his chest. lie was found, quite dead, by two Wilderspool drayraell" The Fatality at Bold. The inquest touching the death of Thomas Morlel: a threshing machine labourer who had recently workeat with the machines of the Warrington and Distil° Threshing Company, was conducted at the Bold Arla.„,9' Bold, on Tuesday evening. As we reported in 01', last issue, deceased was trying to mount a pressej whilst it was in motion, and missing his footing fe under the wheels. He was shockingly crushed, a!li death was instantaneous.—A verdict of " Accidenr death" was returned.

PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER the CLOCK for BEST BOOT in LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Death of Mr. John Burrows. A well-known townsman passed away on MondaY the person of Mr. John Burrows, of St. Elph- io terrace, Manchester-road. The deceased gentleals who was seventy-nine years of age, had acted sf, collector at St. Mary's Church, Buttermarket-strere since its opening in. 1877. For over fifty years had been a member of the Court Mercy of the Ancies Order of Foresters, and had held various offices. rrli. funeral took place at the Cemetery on Thursday the presence of many relatives and frieau',. To-morrow (Sunday) morning a mass for the relic, of the soul of the departed will be offered at • Mary's Church.

A Newton Builder's Failure. At the Warrington Bankruptcy Court, yesterd* before Mr. Registrar Ridgway, Samuel Findlel formerly of 3, Clarence-street, Newton-le-Willows, bt!b now of 91, Rydal-street, a builder, appeared for public examination in bankruptcy. His statement r,°,.1 affairs showed gross liabilities amounting to 18s. 7d., and unsecured liabilities, £516 15s. 7d. -I:b- -assets were estimated to produce 67 3s. 7d., leavvil a deficiency of £349 12s.—The bankrupt attrib!ltea, the cause of his failure to an adverse award in arbitF3_ tion proceedings between himself and the ex.ecuti7 creditors, and to the loss on the contract betweeti them. The execution creditors, Messrs. George 11% Part, of Haydock, were represented by Mr. A. Broli; and Mr. H. J. Longton appeared for the debtor.- examination was closed.

False Alarm of Fire. On Sunday night the hooter:at Messrs. Crosfield Sons' works sounded an alarm, and the works fire brigade promptly turned out. Thousands of people. gathered in the neighbourhood, and great excitemeab prevailed until it became known that a false a,lartil was the cause of the disturbance of Sunday evenl quietude. It appears that a man employed at works was responsible for the scare, 311 he has been punished for his foolish action. A large crowd assembled outsiel,e the Warrington Fire Station in Queea-streetr. expecting to see the departure of the brigade II Bank Quay, and unfortunately an accident occurre A horse belonging to Mr. H. F. Greenough, 1103,1,11° .. side, which had conveyed a party for a drive int° 7. country, took fright when passing into Golborne-s; and dashed among the crowd. Several people we a knocked down, among the number being Mr. Le°lls.ro Aukland, 25 years of age, son of Mr.Ephr3/he Aukland, of 15, Froghall-lane. Both wheels of to conveyance went over him, and he was so b 3 bruised and shaken as to be rendered uncouscrras He was picked up an conveyed home and Dr. Au,3,:iis was sent for. His injuries were not of a se'L" nature.

The Proposed Open-air Concert. ad Final arrangements have been made for the gr - open-air concert which is to be held in the Park nc:he Wednesday evening in aid of the memorial to South Lancashire Regiment. A meeting of tthe Workingmen's Committee which is arranging ;be concert was held on Thursday evening, under"o. presidency of Mr. D. Davies. The secretary (gr. ao J. Newton) reported that the Mayor (Udall/0c Bolton) had given his consent to the use of the for the purpose. Colonel Edelsten also wrote Pl.aclthe the Drill Hall at the disposal of the committee event of wet weather. Mr: H. Hope (hon. treasw' ta informed the committee that the amount standingad. the credit of pe fund was £96 10s. to It was decided to invite the MajorAas- take the chair at the concert on VCrew- day, and Alderman Benneit, the vice-clisia —The Chairman announced that the Town Cleric- 1350 been consulted with reference to the use of the of the Town Hall for the concert, and he stated t'lt similar applications had been refused in the past,' ot. would be a dangerous think to establish a preceuethe —lt was decided to make use of the bandstand for ;.0.. purpose and to erect a temporary platform.—The Poa gramme which has been arranged by the Warrlogt.o Male Voice Choir for the concert is a very.attract! one, and given fine weather, there is every mdicati°, that the function will be a success, not only fro6l‘- 5' musical point of view but from a financial orie well.

Children's Summer Camp. Yesterday the third batch of boys returned fed the camp at Towyn, Prestatyn, having had a splent week's holiday. The weather during the greater Ptiod of the week has been ideal for camping purposes, ab, the country and seashore rambles have been thoreat ly enjoyed. The usual games, swimming, and dr' 1.1 have been indulged in with zest, and the ladsdae appear much better for the change. On Wedeas re Prestatyn was visited, and the people showed ei?tig than a passing interest in ths boys, a collection blip, made on behalf of the camp fund. On ThursdaY youngsters were at liberty to visit any place which tt°o9 their particular fancy, and parties went to Preet,'do Maiden, Dyserth, and the Church Lads' 13,n0t camp. Rain fell very heavily on Thursday nig°l' the boys suffered no inconvenience. The folicrj/.9. have been the officers in charge of the camp Fred J. Emson (officer in charge), A. Malcolm, Dawson, A. Chappell, J. Seed and S. Ryan. Yeateratbe afternoon a contingent of 74 girls departed fcr.,ted camp in charge of Mrs. Wilkinson,who will be asa"Lop by the following staff :—Misses Jefferson, Eno°°' Dickenson, Haley, Bailey, Fairhurst and Tayl°r. the following shows the total number of boys sent camp from each school :—Hamilton-street Schools ota Heathside National School 21, Latchford , St. Schools 6, Latchford St. James' 13, Lateni°rA-tds Mary's 11, Sacred Heart 7, St. Alban's 8, St. -d iceg School 24, St. Barnabas' School 7, St. 138 186 t School 6, St. Mary's R.C. School 23, Silveri 13, School 32, Wycliffe School 26, Holy Trinity Sehl 37; Warrington British School 12, Parochial School total 260.

OA ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS Mig-g WA TE RS.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ,

===== 0002601_19040806_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
................'..'". .--------.-..........

ith tho in the harltoa

ield 011 I,th inst. ;nificent lost o.f Dm 0119

Itockton Le War' at four

)eretary Societi ished that the orra tbe resent

Varriog- nigbt" ne stereo& 3 r vehie ,ele 3st. -"L

ir-ayraeu'

; goriell - work. ' District ld Arras? I in or,. resseh P , a wting le, Led, so', 3cidentnx.

baday Elphin mtleraao, acted a° :et-street, Years be 3 Anciv- .sdaY frieaa; e rePos,, red at

ssterdah Fiudtl lows, d for hi 9 + of ,roon. , 0 si.,4ott 7d. 160'1 ttribat arbiti exe l- ctiti°ll betn Iry 8r0‘74

;field awl orks fire of people i tement Ise alikrel e vein eg .d at al! 311`A foolish. outside .63-streel; gade oceurre • aeatir ,'into the borne-st., pie wera 14300.., E nhris o- ref so 30asei0,•-; Ir. a Ad3°l; set Joe

===== 0002601_19040806_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
-

The Living of Ashton Hayes. The living of A.shton Hayes, near Chester, which is in the gift of Mr. Charlton Parr, has been offered to and accepted by the Right Rev. Charles Frederick Douet, D.D., assistant bishop of Jamaica. Dr. Douet has been rector of Mandeville, diocese of Jamaica,since 1892. The living of Ashton Hayes has income of £250 gross, and Mil net., with residence.

Scene In a Church. A. singular incident occurred in St. Alban's Roman Catholic Church, Bewsey-street, an Monday evening. A man who resides in Pierpoint-street, and is evidently suffering from religious mania, was found in the building in a very excited condition. He kept calling out" The voice, the yoke !" Police officers were sent for, and they experienced some difficulty in getting him in a cab. Eventually he was removed to the Workhouse for his mental state to be inquired into.

Fire in Parker-street. Shortly after one o'clock on Sunday morning, a fire broke out on the premises of Mr. G.. W. Johnson baker, 36, Parker-street. The fire bell was rung and the superintendent and deputy superintendent, with a good number of ma, at once turned out with the steam engine Major. Alter about an hour's work the flames were extinguished, the damage, which is covered by insurance, being comparatively small. The origin of the fire is unknown. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt. The Vote of Censure Division. The minority who supported Sir H. Campbell- Bannerman's proposed vote of censure on the Govern- ment in the House of Commons on Monday night included Sir J. T. Brunner, the member for the North- wich division. The majority included C. R. Disraeli (Altrincham), R. Pierpoint (Warrington), Colonel R Pilkington (Newton division), Sir H. Seton-Karr (St. Helens). Mr. W.R.Peel,the Hon.A. Tatton Egerton,and Sir W. Coddington paired for the Government and Mr. Shackleton and Mr. Parrott against. Extension of the Tramways. The work of laying the new tram lines along Old London Road is being proceeded with rapidly, the first pair of lines having already reached as far as • Victoria-square. The railings of the hous,_.s opposite the Church wall and along the road have during the week been pulled down by men in the employ of the Corporation in order to widen the road to the adequate width of 45 feet, as arranged between the Cheshire County Council, to whom the road belongs, and the Warrington Corporation. BacE BOOTS FOR ALL.—IINDER THE CLOCK.—Advt Alarming Trap Accident. An alarming trap accident caused some excitement •in the town on Sunday evening. Three Warrington • young gentlemen had been for a drive to Farnworth and Hale, and were :being taken to their respective homes, when the horse bolted from Heathside along Scotland-road, Mersey-street, and past the Cannons into Bold-street. Here the occupants were thrown out, and Mr. James Prinsep, of Lovely-lane, sustained a nasty scalp wound which rendered him unconscious. Mr. Sydney Griffiths, of Swansea (late of Warrington) was also hurt, his ankle being dislocated. Dr. R. 'Smith attended the sufferers, who were afterwards able to proceed home. Meanwhile the horse dashed • along Golborne-street and Horsemarket-street, and was eventually brought to a standstill in Bridge-street FoR CLASS AND CHINA of every description try J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street. Warrington.—Advt. • ,Personal. Mr. J. Hallos, of Warrington. judged the pigs at Meltham Agricultural Show on Saturday. Mr. Frank Dunne, of Warrington, officiated as referee on Monday at Liverpool, in a draughts match between Mr. Herbert Morrall, of Liverpool, the English champion, and Mr. Richard Atwell, the London champion, the conditions of play being the.best of ten games on a quick-time limit. Atwell won three • games, and Niorrall two, while five were drawn. "St. Paul's Magazine" says :—We heartily con- gratulate Mr. A. J. Jolley on the honour which has Just been conferred upon him of being made a justice of the peace. Mr. Jolley has been associated with St. Paul's for a great number of years, and is respected by all who know him. Therefore the honour con- ferred upon him is well-deserved and greatly appreci- • ated by all.

' School Children's Treat. The school children of Croft had their annual treat on Saturday. The weather was delightful, and long before the time appointed,numbers of the children had arrived at the schools. About 2 p.m. the Liverpool • (Newton) Farm Band, conducted by Mr. Smith,arrived, and the procession immediately started, the route being from the school to Smithy-brow, thence up Heath-lane, back to Littletown, afterwards to school. A band of willing helpers had in the interval been preparing the tea, and after this had been disposed • of,an adjournment was made to afield which had been kindly, lent by Mr. W. Sankey, where races 41-. c., for money prizes were competed for by the scholars. The 'band played selections for dancing. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFT TONIC is the KING or TONICS. 6.3. SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. 'Another Outbreak of Smallpox. Warrington has unfortunately experienced another outbreak of smallpox. Last week six cases were reported and three others have been added this week. Two patients have died. The Public Health Depart- ment has had some trouble in tracing one of the contacts. but yesterday morning they succeeded in finding the object of their quest at Warrington Bridge. The man had been into Cheshire looking for work and had thus evaded the authorities. He was found to be suffering from a mild attack of smallpox, and was immediately taken to the Town Hall stables and detained there, pending the arrival of the cab used for the removal of smallpox patients. 'Fire in Lovely-lane. Shortly after one o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, the Warrington Fire Brigade was called to a fire at the stables of Qouncillor Walter Brough in Lovely- -lane. Superintendent Turner and a good muster of men were quickly on the scene with the engine "Major." It was found that some hay in the loft had. 'become ignited, but fortunately the flames were extin- guished without much difficulty. Damage to the extent of about 110 was done and this is unfortun- ately not covered by insurance. Messrs. Crosfield's fire *brigade turned out, but on finding that the Borough brigade had been summoned, returned to the works. The origin of the fire isnot known. Music in the Park. Mr. T. J. Down's Military Band will play the follow- ' ing selection of music, (weather permitting), on Thursday evening, (11th of Angust), commencing at 7 p.m, conductor, Mr. T. .T. Down. Programme : March. "Manhattan Beach," Sousa; overture, " Morn- ing, Noon and Night," Supp; valse, "Sobre las Olas," RosaS ; selection, "Reminiscences of Offen- bach," Winterbottom ; glee, "The Chough and Crow," Bisbon; march. "Silver Trumpets," Viviani ; "God save the King." Walker's Brewery Band will submit the following Programme to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon :—Hymn, "St. Marie," Rimmer ; march, "The Howitzer," White; selection. " Haydn's No. 1 Mass in B flat," "Hear us, 0 Lord." "0, be joyful," "Nations shall how before Thee " ; soli and chorus, "To Thee, Great Lord," Rossini; Prayer from Moses in Egitto ; selec- tion, "Songs of Schubert," Rimmer ; cornet solo, "Oh that we two were• Maying," Gonnod,(Mr. J. Peterson) ; eeleetion 2nd, "Bohemian girl," Balfe ; "God save The King." Financial Suicide " of Lancash ire. At a.meeting of the Lancashire County Council on Thursday. Mr. Garnett, of Lancaster, said though large amounts must necessarily be spent unnn police, main roads, an'cl education, a considerable saving could be effected in other directions. There were con- tinual demands for increased salaries, and a large sum could have been saved in the erection of a new sessions house. Money had been lavishly spent upon Police stations, and unless there was retrenchment, it would spell financial suicide. The financial area was decreasing. but no effort was made to reduce the ex- Penditure, indeed the prospective expenditure was greater. The gradual increase in rateable value did not arise from the erection of new buildings -but through old buildings and property being rated from twentv to twenty-five per cent. higher than formerly. The ratepayers were becoming dissatisfied, urban districts were petitioning to join county boroughs, and non-county boroughs were endeavour- ing to amalgamate. Where was the county going to be landed? The minty area was being depleted, and unless the Council dealt with the matter in a dis- tlassionate manner they would soon be faced with financial ruin. The ratepayers were being ton heavily *burdened and becoming alarmed. After a discussion, Mr. Garnett gave notice that at the next quarterly Meeting of the County Council be would move that a trong committee be anneinted to fully investigate the PnanCial condition of the county.

Liberal Voters Please Note ! The new list of voters for 1901 is now published and affixed to the door of every place of worship in the Borough, and can also be seen at the Liberal Club, Bewsey-street. In view of the fact that the next general election will in all probability be fought on this register, it is incumbent upon every Liberal to see that his name is on the list. Every Liberal who has been a householder for 12 months ending July 15th, last, should examine the list for himself, and if his name is omitted, or if there is any error or mis- description of any kind whatever, he should inform Mr. Clayton, the Liberal agent, at once, so that the vote may not be lost. Lodgers who occupy one or more rooms of the clear value of :£lO are also entitled to vote, and should claim immediately. Claim forms and all assistance will be readily furnished on applica- tion at the Registration offices, Liberal Club, War- rington. All claims must be served upon the overseers onor before August 20th. LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS and SHOES, UNDER the CLOCK, BR.ID GE-STREET.—AchI. Homing Pigeons and Farm Crops. At the Mold Petty Sessions, on Tuesday, before Major Philips (presiding) and Mr. E. Wheldon, Samuel White, a working man, of Buckley, summoned William Higgins, a farmer on a large scale, also of Buckley, for wounding and killing pigeons. Mr. H. J. Longton, solicitor, Warrington, appeared for the complainant, and Mr. W. H. Churton, solicitor, of Chester, defended. —Complainant alleged that on the oth July the defend- ant shot at his pigeons whilst the latter were on the wing, with the result that one pigeon was killed, and two others were wounded. One of the wounded birds had, however, died since the issue of the summons. For the defence it was contended that there was o large number of persons in the neighbourhood wha kept homing pigeons, which did much mischief to the crops. He fired at the birds when they were on the crops.--Tlte Chairman said that a farmer had a right to ,shoot any pigeons that were injuring his crops. The summons would be dismissed.

Lancashire's Inquests. In the annual accounts of the Iztrie.ashire County Council, just issued, is included a statement showing the number of inquiries held, the distance travelled, and the total cost (including salary) by the various county coroners for the year ended March 31st, 1931. Mr. H. J. Robinson, coroner for the Blackburn dis- trict held 205 inquests, travelled 2,810 miles, at a total cost of £631 Bs. 4c1.: Mr. J. F. Price, Salflrd, 317 inquests, 1,950 miles, cost £790 18s.; Mr. F. N. Molesvrorth, Rochdale. 199 inquests 618 miles, cost ;£530 9s. Bd. ; Mr. S. F, Butcher, Bolton, 214 inquests, 1,724 miles, cost £567 165.; Mr. S. Brighouse, West Derby, 453 inquests, 5,040 miles, cost £1,2 4 ss. 8d; Mr. J. Parker, Preston, 225 inquests, 1,862 miles, cost £560 12s, 4d.; Mr. L. Holden, Lancaster, 66 inquests, 553 miles, cost £153 us. 9d.; Mr. .T. Poole, Manor of Furness, 39 inquests, 293 miles, cost £2lB is. 2d,; Mr. W. Ascroft, Manor of Walton-le-Dale, 3 inquests, no travelling, cost £lO 16s. 6d.; Mr. G. Smith, Manor of Prescot, 1 inquest, no travelling, cost £lO ss. 6d.; Mr. H. Greenall, Manor of Hale, no inquests, cost £2.

UNDER the CLOCK for GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. Next Thursday's Show at Walto3 Park. The Warrington and District Agricultural Show will be held next Thursday at. Walton Hall, the resi- dence of Sir Gilbert Greenall,Bart. There is a splendid entry all through, a record entry, in fact. Shires are, as usual, of great excellence. The district hackney classes are always well filled. All the best hunters, winners at Peterboro', Royal Lancashire, 874., will appear, while any local exhibitor who has entered and wishes to sell his animal is sure to find a ready customer for a saleable horse, trade having hitherto been very brisk at previous shows. The harness classes should prove very interesting, as being so near the end of the showing season decisions at this show are often considered as the final court of appeal. Jumpers are a special feature, and it is only neces- sary to say that Mr. Taylor, of Ormskirk (who has had the honour of being presented to his Majesty) has entered to say there will be no lack of interest and excitement. The Yorkshire Hussars' band will play all the afternoon. There are special arrangements in case of rain. Plank roads have been laid, footboards placed round the ring, and in addition to the covered grand stand a large shelter has been erected. The gardens, greenhouses, etc., at Walton Hall, will be thrown open to the public, the herd of prize pigs and Kerry cattle will also be on view, while horse lovers can also inspect about 103 pedigree hackneys and ponies from Sir Gilberes stud, which will be sold without reserve on the day following the show.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIE% TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63. SANKEY-STRE ST, Warrington.—Advt. The Late Mrs. Birtles. At Wycliffe Congregational Church on Sunday evening, the Rev. Jlha Yong e m:tde a touching re- ference to the late Mrs. Thomas Birtles, who was for many years associated with the church. At the close of his diacourse on the words "Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord! Yea saith the Spirit, for they rest from their labour and their works do follow them," Mr. Yonge said he hoped the message might carry some help to those present, who by the death, of Mrs. Birtles, were under the sad shadow of a great loss. To have the happy wedded life of 46 years terminated, to realise that the motherhboct that had been so true and beautiful and rich in sympathy was ceased—these were among the greatest sorrows that could be felt. The loyal, faithful wife; the loving watchful mother; the unselfish sympathetic, devoted friend had "died in the Lord," whom she loved with simple, quiet, unobtrusive, constant devotion. She rested now from the labours of a busy life by which she ministered to those dear to her with scarcely ever a thought for herself By a most general and cordial testimony it was certi- fied that her life afforded beautiful example of what wifehood and motherhood should be. And it could not therefore be other than that those in whose midst her life had been spent should intensely, sorrow in her loss. But after all, their experi- ence was not all loss. They had a memory that must remain with them as a living and powerful I and beautiful influence. Let them not think she were dead. That word, and the thought it carried, should be deleted from our Christian speech. We did not know, of course, .whether our departed ones were far from us or near, but an inspired writer had told us that we pass our life surrounded by "a great cloud of witnesses." Surely it could not be unreasonable to surmise that in that great onlooking company would be such as had cared for us most in this lower life. Hence though the departed were out of our sight, we might be ever in theirs. This ought to be a great spur to fidelity.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
BANK UOLIDAY.

The Week-end Exodus from Warrington.

- - Holiday-makers revelled in delightful sunshine last week-end, and Warrington contributed its quota to swell the throngs at the popular resorts. The railway facilities were largely taken advantage of, and there were scenes of mutilation at the stations on Saturday and Bank Holiday. The bookings were rather heavier than usual, as the returns from both companies show. By the London and North-Western Railway GOO journeyed to Blackpool during the week-end, and 100 to Morecambe. There were about 60 passengers to various parts of Scotland and over 150 to North Wales. On Monday 130 booked to Llangollen: 200 to Chester; 100 to Colwyn Bay; 80 to Holvwell ; 80 to Windermere; 30 to Southport; 600 to Frodsham ; and 120 to Helsby. At the Central Station the book- ings during the week-end were :—Liverpool, 1,000; New Brighton, 1,000 Southport, 1,o00; Douglas, 130 ; Llandudno, 100; Belle Vue and Manchester, 1,400. For those who remained at home on Monday, the chief attraction was the athletic festival promoted by the Football Club. Cyclists were able to enjoy themselves to the full, and picturesque Cheshire was the favourite resort.

WORKS TRIP TO BLACKPOOL. The employes of the St. Helens Cable Company had a successful trip to Blaanool on Saturday. The directors had arranged for cheap fares,and had secured the holders the privilege of free admission to the. Tower and one of the piers. About 500 commenced the journey at an early hour on Saturday morning and arrived at Blackpool shortly after seven o'clock. Throughout the day thA weather was glorious, and the holiday makers enjoyed themselves to the full. The return Journey was com- menced at nine o'clock, Warrington being safely reached about eleven. Some of the visitors availed themselves of the extension tickets which enabled them to spend the week-end at the favourite resort. The arrangements were carried out by Mr. C. Manning. hon. treasurer ; Mr. F. Webster. hon. secretary,and others from various departments. It is proposed to make the excursion an annual one.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
PORTER'S NARROW ESCAPE.

- -- During the stress of the Bank Holiday traffic at the Central Station on Monday morning, a warehouseman named William Byteld, who residAs in Padgate-lane, had a very narrow escape. He was acting as temporary porter, and was closing the door of a compartment whilst a train was in motion when he fell between the train and the platform. Railway Constable Humphries. who was standing near at the time, extricated Byfield whose arms and back had been rather badly bruised. He was conveyed to the Infirmary in a cab and his injuries were attended to, after which he was allowed to leave.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 6, 1904

TOWN COUNCIL BUSINESS.

Subjects for Consideration at Tuesday's Meeting.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Town Coun- cil will be held at the Town Hall at six o'clock on Tuesday evening. The following among other business will be considered:—

===== 0002601_19040806_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GEORGE HOTEL LICENCE.

The Finance Committee having invited tenders for the purchase of the licence of the George Hotel, con- ditionally upon the magistrates consenting to its trans- fer to other premises. The following tenders were received :---Mr, Thomas Halton, £GSO ; Mr. Benjamin Kenyep, £1,000; Mr. William Bolton, £1,500; Messrs. P. Walker and Sons, Limited, £2,550; It was resolved that the tender of Messrs. Peter Walker and Sons, Limited, for the purchase of the licence subject to the conditions named in their offer, at £2,550 be accepted; also that on the licence being transferred, the premises of the George Hotel be demolished, the site being required for the rebuilding of premises acquired for the widening of Bridge-street.

LAB ITR A.TION AN ARDS,-M ARK ET- GATE( IM PROVEM ENTS.

The Town Clerk reported that he had received the award of Mr. William Owen in the arbitration between Mr. J. C. Sutton and the Corporation with regard to the purchase of four shops at the corner of Knutsford- road and Wilderspool-causeway, ten honses in Pinuers- brow, numbered 10 to 14, 22 to 26, and 30 to 36, a plot f laud contlining 2,0[7 3-9 squire yards, with the two houses in Winwick-road, Nos. 31 to 33, standing thereon, and that the arbitrator had awarded Mr. Sutton the sum of £4,750. The Town Clerk also reported that he had received the award of Mr. Owen in the arbitration between Messrs. Rylands Bros., Ltd., and the Corporption with regard to the purchase of a plot of land at the corner of Howley-lane and Church-street, containing about 1,200 square yards, and that the arbitrator had awarded Messrs. Rylands Bros., the sum of £2,670. It was resolved that the Finance and Estate Com- mittee be recommended to pull down the premises in Bridge-street near Market-gate to enable new buildings to be erected.

PROPOSED EXTENSION AT THE SANATORIUM.

At a meeting of the Health Committee it was resolved that Miss Stott be appointed an inspector of nuisances at 20s. per week, the engagement to be subject to 14 days' notice to be given on either side; that the Borough Surveyor be instructed to prepare plans for the erection of an administrative block at the sanatorium and that the medical officer of health be instructed to consult with the Borough Surveyor as to the details; that the Chairman and Mr. Councillor Wilkinson, with the Medical Officer of Health be appointed to meet the Mayor (as chairman of the Town Hall, Parks, and Baths Committee) with reference to the provision of office ac3ommodation for the whole of the staff of the health department at Bank House offices; that the tender of Mr. H. H. Dell for painting and colouring required at the infectious diseases hospital according to specifica- tion at £4O be accepted.

MORE ABUT TRE PAILS AND ASEIBINS CONTRACT. SANKEY BROOK.

The Sanitary Works Committee considered a letter from Mr. Stanley Mobberley,solicitor, Lye,Stourbridge, who wrote on behalf of Mesrs. Rhodes and Sons, with reference to reports of the April and May meetings of the Town Council. The writer stated: As the statement made by Mr. Stott was absolutely void of foundation, and as the circulation thereof has already injured my clients' business and is calculated to cause them further loss unless repudiated, my. clients desire me to respectfully ask your Council to pass a resolution to the effect that after personal enquiry and investigation by your members' you were satisfied that the allegation of not paying the recognized rate of wages in the trade was made upon reliable informqtion. I trust your Council will kindly assist my clients in this matter in the way indicated. It was resolved that the Town Clerk be instructed to reply to the letter stating that in view of the fact that the Council had passed a resolution accepting their tender for the supply of pails and ashbins was i* itself sufficient to prove that they believed that the firm paid thP recognized rate of wages in the district. It was resolved that the refuse from the Markets be destroyed at the dept as heretofore, provided the Markets Committee are agreeable to pay the actual cost. _ _ _ _ _ _

Mr. Ruddock attended before the Committee, and reported fully upon the samples of water taken from Sankey Brook, which he had treated on a temporary bacteria bed with very satisfactory results. After dis- cussion the further consideration of the matter was de- ferred.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW OPEN SPACE.

The Borough Surveyor reported to the Paving and Sewerage Committee that the owners of property in Chorley-street. Chester-street, Hardy-street, and Scott- street had offered to give the Corporation a piece of land behind the above property, containing 392 square yards, on condition that the Corporation maintain the land as an open space.—lt was resolved that the offer be accepted conditionally on the owners making a 10-foot passage reund the land in question.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
BOTANY PRIZES FOR ELEMENTARY SCHOLARS,

It was reported at a meeting of the MINOT= Com- mittee that lectures were being delivered to parties of children from eight schools who desired to compete for the botany prizes offered by Mr. LinnmusGreening.—lt was resolved that the thanks of the committee be given to Mr. Linnmus Greening for the prizes offered to elementary scholars for collections of plants during the holidays.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE_ PUBLIC BOWLING GREEN.

The Town Hall, Parks, and Baths Committee have de- cided that the IVlayoress be requested to open the new bowling green in Victoria Park during the first week- in September. A letter was read from Councillor Stott requesting a reduction in the charges for the use of the baths and suggesting the provision of open-air swimming baths. It was resolved, that the Town Clerk inform Mr. Stott that the matter to which he referred had already re- ceived theicareful consideration of the committee and that they could not at the present time entertain the proposals.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
TRE PROPOSED SEW RESERVOIR.

The Town Clerk reported to the Water Committee that Sir Gilbert Greenall had agreed to extend the time for the construction of the reservoir at Rowswood for four years after the expiration of the time fixed by the existing agreement. It was resolved that temporary plant be obtained for an auxiliary supply if found I necessary.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTRICITY AND TRAMWAYS.

This committee resolved, that the wages of Mr. John Dunn be increased to -L2 per week; that the tender of Robert W. Blackwell and Co., Ltd., for the construc- tion of the overhead equipment for Light Railway No- 1, at £737 14s. Bd.. be accepted. The Chairman reported that the members appointed to. confer on the subject of the Sanitary Works Com- mittee taking over the destructors had arrived an the following proposals :-I.—That the Sanitary Works Committee shall take over the destructors, and that this Committee shall pay for putting the same in work- ing order; 2.—That the Sanitary Works Committee shall work the destructors, and, in return for steam de- livered, will supply and drive the air compressors for the intercepting depots, and also the fan for the furnaces to the destructors. The Sanitary Works Com- mittee to maintain the air compressors and the fan. it was resolved that these terms be agreed to.

THE INQUIRY CLOSED. WIDENING OF WARRINGTON BRIDGE.

At a meeting of the General Purposes Committe& letters were read from Mr. J. J. Webster with reference ro she widening of Warrington Bridge, stating that his charges for the preparation of the plans, specifications and superintendence of the work during construction would be 5 per cent. on the cost of the work, with out- of-pocket travelling expenses, one half to be paid on the acceptance of the tender. If work is not carried out, 3 per cent. to be paid within six months of the receipt of the plans and specification, and for preparing the bill of quantities his charge would be 21 per cent, on the con- tract amouut.—Et was resolved that the above terms be agreed to. The Mayor read the following letter:—" Town Hall Warrington, July 21st, 1904.—1 am instructed by the Commissioners to inform you that they have to-day closed the Inquiry,—On behalf of the Commissioners. ERNEST KELLY.".

A letter was read from the London-saZiti-do-unci forwarding a resolution in favour of Government pro- perty being made rateable. and valued tor that purpose on the same basis and in the same manner as other pro- perty. The Committee approved of the resolution, and instructed the Town Clerk to write to the London County Council to that effect.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
TilE PAVING OF STREETS AND BACK PASSAGES..

Councillor Stott has given notice of the following motion :—That it be an instruction from this Council to the Paving and Sewerage Committee to expedite the paving of all streets and back passages where build- ing operations are completed.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

1/- TINS ASSORTED BISCUITS.

CONTAINING 12 KINDS:

OVAL RICH TEA POLO KIEL FINGERS ALEXANDRA HANOVER RAGLAN THIN ARROWROOT CREAM CRACKERS MEXICAN MILK OATKI WAFERS CHEESE WAFERS

===== 0002601_19040806_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
REPORT BY THE BOROUGH TREASURER.

The Position of the Police Superannuation

Fund.

The Borough Treasurer (Nlr. J. Fairhurst) recently attended the annual meeting of the Institute of Treasurers and Accountants held at Harrogate and at a meeting of the Finance and Estate Committee he pre- sented an interesting report in which he shows our position locally, in relation to the principal subjects dis- cussed. These were consolidation of rating, the Educa- tion Act of 1902, Police Superannuation Fund, and the Valuation Bill 1901.

CONSOLIDATION OF RATING.-WHAT WARRINGTON HAS

GAINED

This matter had been before the executive for con- sideration, and they advise that an effort should be made to bring about a reform in the collection of rates. They recommend that there should be one consolidated rate for all purposes, to be levied and collected by Borough Councils, as being the most direct, economical and convenient to ratepayers and Corporations alike. I may say that part of the scheme has already been carried out in Warrington, as in 1899 the collection of the Poor Rate was transferred from the Guardians to the Cor- poration, the present annual saving_ _being about £7OO.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
ED CICATION ACT. 19C2.

A very able paper was read by .the Borough Treasurer of Accrington on Elementary Education in relation to local taxation and finance, and a useful comparison made as to how the Act hai affected thi different towns, the increase in the rates varying this year from 3d. to Is. 3d. in the £.

The unenviable position in which education authori• ties (where there had not previously been a School Board) found themselves on the "appointed day" owing to the absence of funds to finance voluntary schools, has been somewhat relieved by the operation of the Educa- tion (Provision of Working Balances) Act. 1903, under which education authorities were enabled, with the sanction of the Local Government Board. to provide either by loan or by overdraft, a working balance for carrying the Act into effect.

POLICE SUPERANNUATION FUNDS.-. SERIOUS POSITION.

A paper was also. read on Police Superannuation Funds by the Borough Treasurer of Blackburn, who pointed out the serious state of some of the Funds. In our case the balance of grant, after deducting a sum equal to amount contributed by members of the force, was in 1892 94.87 per cent. of amount paid out of fund; In 1904, 11.46 per cent. Our income for the year ended 31st March, 1904, was £946 4s. 11d., and the expenditure £222 ss. id., and I may point out that no part of the capital invested can be used for the purpose of paying pensions, I have ascertained from the Chief Constable that in th„ next five years eleven members of the force will be entitled to pensions. Their present salaries amouunt to £1,503 per annum, and if the services be approved and continuous, they would receive, say, £l,OOO a year in pensions; this adeed to our present pension list would be a serious matter, as we should then have to call upon the rates to pay the difference. It was stated at the meeting that many persons under 50 years of age were recsiving pensions who were well able to fulfil the duties of constable for several years longer. In our own case it is possible for a constable to retire at 464 years of age. In view of its seriousness, it may be thought advisable to give this matter consideration by a joint sub-com- mittee of the Finance and Watch Committees. VALUATION BILL, 1904.—1 TS EFFECT ON WARRINGTON.

The Bill provides for the transference of the con- stitution of Assessment Committees from the Guardians to County and County Borough Councils, and the allowances of fixed deductions for ratable value. The deductions are much in excess of what are at present allowed in Warrington,and if the Bill becomes law it will alter the local incidence of rating cansiderably.The ratable value of Warrington, I estimate, will be reduced 4 per cent. and the rate would have to be increased proportionately to meet this deduction • and as our borrowing powers are based upon our ratable value, this would be reduced by say, about £20,000. There seems, however, no chance of the Bill becoming law this Session.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGUN AND DISTRICT MING SJCIETY.

The members of the above-named society 1d their first young bird race from Worcester on Saturday, 33 members sending 439 birds. The following is the result, subject to correction,viz : Name. Velocity. Name. Velocity. H. Craven - l2OO J. Edgerley Withinshaw Bros 1287 Walker and Sons W. Lamb 127 HJ. Longton J. Bloor 1276 H F. Greenough llBB W. Gallop Boyle and Barlow 1272 W. Paice 1175 J. Bloor J, Hill 1271 J. Edgerly ll7l P. Leicester 1270 H. F. Longton W. W. Leigh 1270 W. Unsworth ll5O E. Burrows 1257 G.Carter ' 1129 Houghton and Jr:. Forster 1097 Llewellyn J. Hill 1250 H. F. Greenough lOB5 H o_u ght o n and W. Unsworth 1076 _ . _ ___

Lle;ellyn E. Burrows 1241 Hoard, Bros. W.* Gallop W. Lamb 1240 W. Hodgkiss P. Leicester H. Craven J. Ratcliffe 123.,. Bell and Fairhurst ... 967 Boyle and Barlow- 122 E G. Carter 951 W. W. Leigh Litberland & Harper.. 1204 W. B. Walker 924 F. Hayes l2OO H. Woodward.... . . 900

===== 0002601_19040806_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON.

ENDING JULY 30th, 190 i.

During the week, the following births and deaths were registered :—Warrington Registration District births,743 ; deaths, 23. The excess of births over deaths was 20.

The death-rate from all causes was equal to 17.5 per 1,000, against 13.1 the average of the previous 4 weeks and against 25'5 the corresponding period of tast year. The death-rate from the seven chief zyrnotic diseases was equal to 3.04 per 1,000, against 2.4 the average rate of the previous 4 weeks and against 3.0 the correspond- ing period of 1903. The ages of mortality were :- 0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65—up. Total 6 1 4 6 23

The deaths included-1 from whooping cough, 2 from diarrhcea, 1 from erysipelas, 2 from other tubercular diseases, 3 from cancer, 1 from bronchitis, 2 from heart diseases, 11 from all other causes.

The fo' llowing cases of infectious disease have been reported during Om wee :—Small-pox, 6 cases, scarlet fever, 10 cases. Total number of patients in hospital, week ending July 30th, 75. _

NiErEOR. OLOGY.—The mean temperture was 63 Fah., and therefore 1 deg. lower than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 78 F., was recorded on the 24th inst., and the minimum temperature 52 F., on the 26th inst.

The rainfall measured '69 inch. The general direction was S.W.

.T. GUEST GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPENHALL

THE CRICKET CLUB.—The Ist eleven were at home to Ptinketh and gave the latter a fair amount of leather- hunting. The total of the visitors only reached 29, while Grappenhall topped the century by three runs. Warburton put together the- highest score for the winners with 36, Banks, Gifford and England following with 15, 14 and 10 respectively. Warburton and Watson bowled very effectually, the former being credited with 5 wickets at a cost of 15 runs. whilst Watson was more successful still with 5 for 7. The 2nd eleven sustained a crushing defeat at the hands of AltrinchamSt.Margarets. Bank Holiday! Whit Monday and August Bank Holidays are set apart for fixtures with Ashton Heyes, and on Monday the return match was played at Grappenhall in glorious weather. Being an all day match, play began about eleven o'clock,the visitors electing to bat. The batsmen made rather merry with the bowling, 110 being recorded Wore the tenth wicket fell. The home Players fell considerably short of their opp?nent's figures, 70 only being recorded. The second innings produced a reversal of figures, however, the visitors Iscoring 71 to Grappenhall's 115, thus leaving the homesters victorious by the narrow margin of four runs. For the losers Shallcross compiled 35 (not ont), Hayes 130, Mounfield 13. Schofield 23, and T. Carter 12. Moun- Ifield and Schofield bore the brunt of the bowling in both innings. On the winning side the chief scores were Carter 33, Banks 22, Kaye 21, Pearson 16, Warburton 15 and Ellis 9. Warburton claimed 7 wickets for 40 runs, Carter 4 forlB and Watson 4 for 8. By the kindness of Mr. A. L. Kaye dinner and tea were provided for both !elevens.

Lieutenant-Colonel the Hon. Evelyn Barring, 10th • Hussars, has been re-appointed military secretary to Lord Curzon, and will accompany his lordship on his return to India. The directors of the Midland Railway Company on Friday appointed Mr. Walter Bailey to the office of chief accountant, in succession to Mr. John James Doughty retired.j.

After being clear of smallpox for the past three weeks, four cases have now been notified, and the patients have been removed from Dukinfield to the Hyde lb rough H9spital

===== 0002601_19040806_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INQUIRY REPORT. MORE CORRESPONDENCE. The Non-Trading Commissioners Write to the Mayor. Further Examination of Books Necessary. The following is a copy of a letter which has' been sent to the Mayor by the Commissioners appointed by the Non-Trading Committee: Warrington, sth Augnst, 1901. TO HIS WORSHIP THE MAYOR OF WARRINGTON. Dear Sir,

TRADING INQUIRY

At their sitting on Thursday, 21st July, the Commis- sioners, of whom only five were present, resolved, by a vote of three against two, to bring the inquiry to an end.

The undersigned three Commissioners beg to pro- test very strongly against this decision. With a view to elucidate a number of cases up ia which evidence has already been taken, they find it. absolutely neces- sary and indispensable to make an examination of a number of books and papers which belong to the Corporation, and to ask from the officials, if they find it necessary, an explanation of figures and facts arising during such examination. They therefore desire that your Council will give instructions that the Town Clerk shall, as heretofore, place at our disp3sal, on such days as may be arranged, such documents or books as we may desire to inspect, and that we shall be authorized to call upon such of your officials as we may think necessary, to give explanations which the circumstances may seem to require. We had practically agreed with our three ellleagues that the time had arrived when we should not call further outside witnesses, but we have always intended to complete the investigation mentioned in this letter.

We ask y3u therefore, in the hope of satisfactorily concluding the Inquiry, to afford us the facilities already mentioned, without which it is our opinion that a great part of the time already spent will be entirely thrown away, and the result arrived at will be so incomplete as to cause serious dissatisfaction on the part of the burgesses who will be called upon to pay the expenses of the Inquiry. As no shorthand notes will be necessary, our further investigation will not entail any additional outlay of the public moneys. We are, Dear Sir, Yours very respectfully, • S. NORBURY WILLIAMS, JOHN PEMBERTON, ADAM HORROCKS.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Birchall Replies to Mr. Norbury Williams.

TO MR EDITOR OF "THE EXAMINER."

Sir,—Notwithstanding the mild assumption of righteous indignation by Mr. Norbury Williams in his letter on Saturday last, I honestly believe that both he and his colleagues are rather glad that the inquiry has been closed. Two months ago we were all practically agreed that the report should be cotn- menced, yet, since then they have been dribbling the meetings,on though literally doing nothing to the purpose. At our last meeting they had nothing to propose. Mr. Williams was away and Mr. Horrocks coolly informed us that he was going away for a fortnight, though he had already been absent from about one-fourth of our previous meetings, and when we considered that this indefinite prolongation of the proceedings, with so little result was costing the rate- payers from ten to fifteen pounds per week, I think we rightly concluded it was time to stop. hr. Wi lliams'ne w- born desire to again consult Corporation documents, is a surprise to me as for weeks past he has not hinted at such a wish. As he has had II months during which every book or document we could think of, as bearing on the i aqui ry,has been asked for awl prouantiv supplied, this little after, thought of his seems a little behind time.

As to your editorial comment that " the Corporation Commissioners were anxious to be rid of the Inquiry, at the earliest possible moment," if you think 11 months of patient consideration "the earliest possible moment" we must leivo the public to jut-v. It may interest the public to know that the printed results of our labours numbers some 440 large folio pages—now at the disposal of the Mayor and Corporation.— Ytturs _ _

T. BIRCHA.LL.

P.S.—As Mr. Williatns wrote me from the House of Commons giving no other address, I c3uld not then reply to him personally which as a rnltter of friendly courtesy I should wish t 3 have d me.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON ASSESSMENT COMMITTEE.

Yesterday's Appeals. A meeting of the Assessment Committee was held at the Workhouse yesterday. Mr. A. J. Jolley presided, and there were also present :—Messrs. A. J. Jolley, Billinge, Hickman, Davies, Mather, Brooks, Houghton, Forshaw, Ashcroft, and J. C. Sutton (clerk).

===== 0002601_19040806_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
HA.YDOCK PARK RACECOURSE.

Mr. Kirkham, solicitor, against the assessment of the Ha,ydock Park racecourse, the present assessment of which is gross £2,500, rateable £2,250. Mr. Kirkham pointed out that the racecourse company had been advised by counsel of the highest eminence that the Assessment Committee ought in assessing the course, to take into considera- tion what rent it would let to a yearly tenant. Racing generally was a very risky undertaking. If they missed a meeting on account of the weather it was lost and was never replaced. Racing was entirely under the control of the Jockey Club, and they could cut off, if they chose, one, two, or three meetings. Although they had not yet held the whole of the meetings,the five years just elapsed had been exceptionally lucky. He had nothing to conceal from the committee, they would turn their books inside out. The Haydock Board were an exceptionally competent Board, and he wished it to be distinctly understood that they had nothing to do with the Manchester Race Company. It was quite distinct although there were a few of the same share- holders in each company. Mr. Kirkham contended that the assessment should be seduced to £1,486. The Clerk said it would be impossible to decide the matter that day. It would have to go to a reference. In answer to Mr. Billinge, Mr. Kirkham said the aver- age number of meetings a year was seven. It was decided to refer the matter for further c9n- sideration to the Clerk, valuer the and the assistant overseer of Haydock. "THE OLD HOUSE AT HOME."

Mr. Hatton (on behalf of Messrs. Robert Davies and Company) appealed against the assessment of the "Old House at Home," 4, Barbauld-street, Friars-green now assessed at £BO gross, and £6B rateable. Mr. Hatton said the house belonged to Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Company, Prior to the alterations it was let at a rental of £35 and it was assessed at £45 gross. The alterations which had bean made recently were under- taken onaccount of the objection of thelicensing bench to any living rooms being used for trade purposes. Formerly, the kitchen was used for trade purposes, but since the alterations, the room formerly the kitchen had been used solely for business purposes. Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Company had increased the rent by £l5 making it £5O. The assess- ment had been raises from £45 to £BO. It was that increase he complained of. His point was that for trading purposes, the house, since the alterations, was not one whit better than it was before. The whole of the additions were for private purposes. The altera- tions were completed on the Ist of May and the sales for the three months since that date were slightly less than for the corresponding months last year. He sug- gested that a fair assessment would be £l2 gross. He admitted that an old beerhouse in the immediate vicin- ity called the "Star and Garter" had been given up. It was a wretched place and its closing had made no difference to the trade of the "Old House at Home."— The committee decided to reduce the assessment from £BO gross, £6B rateable to 275 gross, £65 rateable.

Additions are being erected, but they are not yet roo fed in. .No further are% of the works is as yet in use. Additional machinery is being placed in the fine wire room and in the perforating shop; but it is not used at present as not being completed. • Messrs. cartons, Limited, appealed against their assessment of warehouse in Friars-green, gross £95, rateable £76. Inasmuch as the office building is at present out of use, lam of Opinion the assessment might be reduced to gross .87105., rateable £70." The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
S.kLE ROOM ASSESSMENT.

Mr. John Mainwaring appealed against the assessment of his sale rooms in Bridge-street which is fixed at pre- sent at £6B gross and £5B rateable. Mr. Mainwaring complained that an increase had been made in the assess- ment from £34 rateable to £5B rateable in consequence of the erection of a saleroom. The saleroom cost £244. In answer to Mr. Owen, Mr. Mainwarirr, said he could not say how many years the sale roomhad been erected. The committee considered the assessment a m:xlerate one and refused to alter it.—Mr. Mainwaring said he would appeal against the decision. VALUER'S REPORT.

Mr. Owen (valuer) reported that since the last meet- ing he had made the followilg inspections in the township of Warrington :—"Mr. Thomas Birtles has erected new studio in Legh-street. The old studio has been emptied and is to be taken down immediately. I am of opinion no alteration should be made in the assesment until the further contemplated altera- tions are made in the front premises. The studio only replaces that taker down, and is at a greater inconveni- ence at present, as the buildings are not connected. Messrs. N. Greening and Sons' Limited,Works,Bewsey. road. I have again inspected these works throughout

'

===== 0002601_19040806_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL

The Pollution of Sankey Broak. LONGFORD DEPOT NUISANCE.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural Dis- trict Council was held at Berney Chambers on Wednes- day afternoon, Mr. T. Halton presiding. There were also present :—Dr. Murray, Messrs. CI Mather, A. Brooks, (vice-chairman), J. W. Knowles, EL Forshaw, W. Houghton, with Dr. Sephton (medical officer of health). Messrs. J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), F. Kerfoot (inspector of nuisances , B. S. New- comb (surveyor), and IL H. &Image (assistant sur- veyor).

===== 0002601_19040806_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
CUERDLEY WATER SUPPLY.

The Council• has recently had this question under con- sideration, and the Clerk now made a short statement. He pointed out that the matter would probably involve a dispute between Widnes and Liverpool as the right of water supply. He would not advice the Council to enter upon that part of the ques- tion. Widnes and Liverpool should settle the point between themselves. All the Council had to do was to see that there was a water supply to Cuerdley in some shape or form. There might be an effort to have Cuerdley included in Prescot Union, but when that arose he would call a meeting of the committee appointed to deal with the water question.

BURTONWOOD AND CORPORATION WATER. • DIFFICULTY AS TO PRICE.

There was considerable discussion with reference to the supply of water to Bartonwood by the Warrington Corporation. The Clerk pointed out that prior to the last meeting, a letter was received from the water engineer stating that in future all extensions in th township must be guaranteed, at the same percentage as was charged] to all the outlying townships. Thate percentage at the present time was 8 per cent on the cost of the work for a term of seven years. Mr. Sutton explained that originally the Corporation entered into an arrangement for the supply of water to Bartonwood at 5 per cent guarantee. There was no doubt they afterwards found they could not do it at that rate. He (Mr. Sutton) had maintained that the Corporation were bound under the first agreement, but there was a clause stating " to supply such places in Burtonwood with water as the Corporation of Warrington and this Coun- cil may from time to time agree." The Corporation contended that they were not bound to supply any places, but that they must be' parties to the arrangement. That meant that they could decline to agree. At the last meeting the Council decided that water should be supplied to several places on the terms specified by the Corporation, and an agreement was now submitted in which the Corporation undertook to supply all such places as should be agreed upon from time to time. He understood there was a fair prospect that in a time not very distant the receipts from a number of places to which the mains were being extended would almost equal the 8 per cent. Mr. FORSFIA.W said he could not agree to anything except 5 per cent. He objected to the original agree- ment being dispensed with. The CLERK said that if the Council did not come to an agreement the Corporation would refuse to supply any further water in Burtonwood, except to the places mentioned in the old agreement. He had received a letter from Mr. Fairclough, clerk to the Parish Council, stating that at a parish meeting a resolution was unani- mously passed protesting against the action of the District Council in sanctioning the increased percentage and thereby increasing the responsibility of the rate- payers of the parish. Mr. Fortsna.w said lie would not agree to any pay- ment otherwise than in conformity with the original agreement. If the increased charge was persisted in, he would call a public meeting and have the matter sub- mitted to the Local Government Board. The Corpora- tion had made an agreement and they ought to conform to it.

The CLERK said the Corporation carried out:the agree- ment until they found they were losing money by it. Mr. FORSHAW moved that the new agreement be not sanctioned.

Mr. KNOWLES said he 'understood a parish meeting passed a resolution that everyone in Bartonwood should be supplied with water' and that was the reason why the Council had agreed to the new terms. The CLERK said the Town Clerk promised him that if he could !Ind that it would pay the Corporation to con dune the supply at 5 per cent. or less than 8 per cent., he would not object to the old arrangement remaining in force. Having gone into the figures, Mr. Whittle found they could not supply the water at the old price. He (Mr. Sutton) would have Mr. Forshaw bear in mind that the more customers they obtained the less likely the parish was to have to pay the peraentage. Eventually it was agreed thit the matter should lie in abeyance fora month. In the meantime Mr. Forshaw can make further inquiries,and if necessary call a parish meeting.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER, WANTED AT SANKEY.

Mr. HOUGHTON raised the question of the water supply in the district generally. He had, he said, heard that morning that not a drop of water could be obtained at the smallpox hospital at Sankey. The CHAIRMAN said that morning it took fully a quarter of an hour to get a bucket of water at his house.

Dr. MURRAY said that during half a day they had been unable to obtain a drop of water at Penketh Friends' School.

The CIiA.TRNI tsked what use it would be to pay for water for fire extinguishing purposes if hey could not get a bucketful of water from the tans in the houses. That had been the case for three or four months in the Sankey district. The Inspector was instructed to make inquiries as to the water supply in the Sankey neighbourhood.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
WAGES INCREASED.

On the recommendation of the Parish Council, it was decided to increase the wages of Thomas Whit- field, night soil contractor, hy £7 105. per annum.

THE SUGGESTED CONTRICUT. lON TO FIRE BRIGADE EXPENSES. _ ___

The Clerk read' a letter from the Town Clerk asking to be furnished with the rateable value of such of the townships as the Council thought should have the services of the Warrington Fire Brigade. The establish- ment expenses averaged £525 per annum for the last five years and he thought that each authority having the services of the brigade should contribute to such expense in proportion to the rateable value. The town- ship should as far as possible be kept within a five mile radius of the Borough, but if a part only came within the 5 miletlimit the Corporation were prepared to allow the Brigade to attend fires in the whole of such town- ship. The CLERK pointed out that in the Warrington Rural District theve were two rateable values on the buildings and land respectively. Nearly the whole of Warrington consisted of houses with great liability to catch fire, whereas the country parishes included many fields. It seemed to him rhat the charge should be made accord- ing to the rateable value of the property that was most liable to take fire. Mr. FORSHA.W said the Parish Council of Burtonwood had been in commuuication with the Town Clerk and had agreed to pay £1 or 30s. per annum. Mr. KNOWLES : That will be another mistake, I think on the part of Burtonwood. It was agreed that the Clerk should endeavour to arrange satisfactory terms, and report at the next meeting.

RIGHT OF WAY QUESTION AT BURTONWOOD. THE CLERK SUGGESTS A SIMPLE REMEDY.

The CLERK announced that the nest matter concerned Burtonwood. Mr. BROOKS : Is this the Burtonwood District Council ? (Laughter.) Mr. FORSHAW : Burtonwood is the largest township in the district. It ought to be an urban authority. Mr. KNOWLES : it would be a pleasure to be rid of it. (Laughter.) The CLERK read a letter from the Clerk to the Burton- wood Parish Council stating that the footpath at the south end of Mercer-street, leading from Clay-lane, across Ashton farm, and adjoining the footpath from the Church to the old smithy in Cow-lane, had been closed to the public, an iron fence having keen placed across. The owners (Messrs. James Fairclough and Sons, Warrington) refused to remove the obstruction. The District Council was requested to take proceedings in the matter.

• The CLERK said he had always held that if an old footpath was o •structed, the people who had the right ! to use it could go and take away that obstruction. That was a very simple remedy. The Council was invited to enter into litigation with Messrs. Fairclough as to , whether it was a public footpath or not. No action was taken in the matter. BUTTERMILK BRIDGE. I Mr.Jositrit Smmt,clerk to the Sankey Parish Council, wrote stating that at the last meeting of that authority attention was drawn to the condition of Buttermilk Bridge, and he was instructed to write the District Council stating that the Parish Council were pleased to hear that it was proposed to approach the Corporation i with the idea of having an iron bridge. The present wooden bridge was considered dangerous, and the Council hoped to hear that a new and•more suitable bridge had been decided upon at an early date. The SURVEYOR said he approached the Corporation through Mr. Longdin, some time ago, but they refused to take any part in the expense of a new bridge. The present bridge had been repaired and was quite safe.

THE POLLUTION OF SA-NK EY BROOK: WHO ARE TILE CHIEF onimsbEns ?

Mr. Joseph Smith also wrote that at the meeting of Sankey Parish Council it was reported that complaints were constantly being made relative to the nuisance

created by Sankey Brook. The Council had appointed two members—Messrs. Furness and Jefferson—to wait upon the District Council in the hope that an interview might be of some assistance in bringing about an abate- ment of the nuisance.

Messrs. Furness and Jefferson attended the meeting and Mr. FURNESS spoke on the matter. He said he did not think he need make any apology for coming before the Council. The complaints about the condition of Sankey Brook were a "hardy annual," but the Parish Council had recently received such numerous complaints that they felt I bound to take special notice of them. Their object in approaching the District Council was to see if something could not be done with the Local Government Board if not to abolish, at least to minimise the nuisance. Mr. Jefferson and he had taken the trouble to follow the brook as far as the asylum, and they found that the asylum was not polluting the brook, as the effluent was of a very satisfactory character. Practically the whole of the sewage of the north end of Warrington was turned into the brook a Ilittle lower down, and the gas works also discharged a very objectionable effluent. At Longford depot 120 or 1130 thousand gallons of water were taken from the brook for condensing purposes, but were after- ward turned into the stream warm, making it still more offensive. He had interviewed the Town Clerk who said that if he (Mr. Furness) could in- duce the District Council to bring pressure to bear on the Local Government Board with the object of mini- mising the nuisance above the Warrington area, the Corporation would give an undertaking at once to put their section in good order. On referring to old news- papers he found that the state of Sankey Brook had come up for discussion almost annually for the past thirty-six years. Thirty-eight years ago a Cornmission was held at which it was stated that no brook of the character of Sankey Brook would be allowed to con- tinue in that condition in any other part of England The CHAIRNIAN said he understood a few years ago that St. Helens were going to treat theircbemical refuse before turning it into the brook. Mr. FURNESS said he believed St. Helens were com- pelled to treat their sewage matter. A special clause was inserted in the last Act of Parliament that no objectionable effluent must be turned into the brook. Mr. KNOWLES remarked that if the point where pol- luting matter was turned into the brook was within the Council's district, he did not see why they could not proceed for an injunction. The CLERK said one half of the brook was in the borough and the other half was in Great Sankey. The District Council were not altogether clean in respect, of it. They had some little—but it was only a little— contribution to the pollution, but he thought the report Mr. Newcombe had presented went a long way in the direction of suggested means of treating their sewage" without turning it into the brook. The greater part of the nuisance was from the borough; there was no doubt about that. That Council, however, contributed and Mr. Newcombe ought to devise means of treating the sewage without its getting into the brook. That was all they could do as a Council and they would have done their duty when they did that. The SURVEYOR said the sewage from their district *as such a small matter that they could treat it for next to nothing. The CHAIRMAN said he had complained of the nuisance time after time for years, but the Council had always had the drawback of knowing that they tapped the brook with their own sewage. Mr. KNowLEs said that at Causeway Bridge, Burton- wood, there was hardly any smell under ordinary condi- tions. The brook was always bad between there and Sankey. The SURVEYOR said St. Helens Corporation had recently opened a new sewer, and he was afraid sewage would be turned into the brook as long as they (the members of the District Council) lived, at any rate. Dr. SEPIITON said the sewage of St. Helens was dis- charged into the brook without being purified in any way. The CLERK said be wisthed to call attention to the desirableness, as far as the District Council was concerned, of treating their sewage. The Surveyor said he could manage to treat it in each parish at a comparatively small cost. In that case they would be freed of any charge that they polluted the brook. That week he had received the report of the County Medical Officer of Health. In the returns,the Warrington Rural District joined four others. The average death rate for the Wigan District was 16.8 ; Prescot, 21.7 • Barton- upon-Irwell, 12.8; Warrington, 12.2. On ihe other hand, the borough of Warrington had ong of the heaviest death rates in the country. It was to the credit of that Council's district that they had such a low rate. If the figures included the deaths at Winwick Asylum—and he saw no evidence to the contrary—the rate for the dis- trict proper was still lower. It was not for Warrington to call upon that Council to have the brook cleared above their district. Their duty Was to take means to treat their own sewage. The CHAIRMAN said the brook must be detrimental to health. The Sankey Parish Council ought to go more deeply into the matter, to see if a scheme of deal- ing with the Sankey sewage could not be arranged. , On the proposition of Dr. MURRAY, seconded by Mr. !KNOWLES, the Surveyor was instructed to prepare a report with reference to the sewage of Great Sankey land submit it at the next meeting. HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT. TWO DEATHS FROM SMALLPDX. Dr. SEPHTON reported that during the month there had been 25 births and 36 deaths. The death rate was 379 per 1,000 against 30.8 the average for the past three months, and 35.7 for the corresponding month last, year. Two deaths from smallpox had occurred in Sankey sanatorium. The patients came from Bank-st. Warrington. Sixteen deaths were reported from the . - County Asylum and exclusive of these, and the deaths at the sanatorium the death-rate proper for the district was 17'8.

BURTONWOOD BROOK POLLUTION. Dr. SEPHTON reported that he met the Surveyor and inspector at Burtonwood, and examined the brook from Mr. Forshaw's brewery to the sewerage works. Very little water was running down the brook which was in bad condition and very offensive. The brewery tanks were fairly clean. The effluent was so treated that at stagnant points sewage was precipitated into the brook.. The officials gave such directions as they thought neces- sary to improve the foal condition of the brook. A fish about two inches long was seen swimming in the effluent. How it got there they did not know. (Laugh- ter.) The report was adopted. LONGFORD DEPOT. The Town Clerk wrote with reference, to the notice served upon the Corporation to abate the nuisance at Longford Depot. Great difficulties had been experi— enced during the last few weaks owing to the scarcity of water, but the Corporation were now constructing a reservoir in order to enable the committee to obtain an ample supply, and they were carrying out other works at great expense with the object of minimising as far as possible any cause of complaint. The Chairman of the committee and himself would be glad to meet the inspector on the spot to discuss the matter. The Inspector and Medical Officer were deputed to interview the Chairman and Town Clerk as suggested. THE BROOK AT ORFORD. Messrs. Mortimer and Co., Orford Tannery,wrote with reference to the notice served upon them to abate a nuisance alleged to be caused by the discharge of refuse into the brookat Orford. At the present monnint,at con- siderable expense,they were having"this so-called brook" thoroughly cleansed. They were at all times anxious to do their utmost, and they felt sure the Council would not wish to put insurmountable difficulties in the way of carrying on a business which employed a con- siderable amount of labour---in fact, gave employment to the whole village of Orford. They employed con- stantly one man who did nothing but take solid matter, as far as possible, out of the brook. They did not think, as far as the objectionable smell was concerned, that they were.the chief offenders. The brook was a common sewer for all the effluents of the parish. The CHAIRMAN said it seemed that the firm were trying to do their best to abate the nuisance. The Inspector and Medical Officer were instructed to visit the works.

The CHAIRMAN having declared the meeting closed, Mr. Forshaw rose to introduce other matters, and a warm passage of arms ensued between the representa- tive of Burtonwood and Mr. Knowles. The latter declared that Mr. Forsha,w had been elected by a "mob of cottagers."

===== 0002601_19040806_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TRAMWAYS.

Some Particulars of Receipts and Expenditure.

The Borough Treasurer has prepared the following statement for the Town Council. showing the approxim- ate cost of each tramway route, based upon the length of single track, and also showing the estimated interest and sinking fund for the 12 months ending 31st March 1905.

Approximate Sinking Cost to Fund and ROUTE 31st March, Interest 1904. per mile. £ s. d. d. SANKEY LATCEIFORD WILDERSPOOL 17,259 9 10 CEMETERY . 13,612 4 2 LONGFORD

£90,781 8 -9

Estimated sinking fund and interest for the year end- ing 31st March, 1905, taking the whole of the routes together, works out at 3.58 d. per car mile. Receipts and expenditure per car mile for the year ended 31st March, 1904:—Passenger receipts per ea; rile, 0.14 d.; working expenses per car mile, 6.75d.e terest and sinking fund expenses per car mile, 3.01 d. a

Thomas Ray, ex-high pole leaping ?champion of th world, died on Friday morning at Ulverston after brief illness.

A Reuter's Constantinople telegram says the Rituation in Macedonia remains comparatively calm. No fresk reports have been received concerning insurgent baud

• •

. .

===== 0002601_19040806_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;

===== 0002601_19040806_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH AND STRENGTH,

Nature's best gifts are those that contribute towards health and strength. The active principle of the best remedial agents (sarsaparilla, burdock, gentian, lavendee saffron, dandelion, and quinine) constitute Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the most reliable tonic, purely vegetable. Health has many handmaids, and all depend on strength of nerve and muscle. We exact too much from these in the daily competitive struggle for success in life,and we have to suffer in consequence--indigestion weakness, nervousness, sleeplessness, liver disorders, chest affections, and numerous other complaints. Now all these are successfully combated with the sus- taining assistance of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the best remedy of the age. It is safe, sure, and permanent in its effect. If you find you are almost unable to fellow your daily vocation, immediately strengthen your constitution by taking a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. They make the weak strong, and give new heart. and "go "to the weary toiler. They revive the spirits and strengthen the nerves. By giving tone to the whole constitution they ward off fevers and other ailments. No family should be without a bottle. An occasional dose, taken when a man has felt slightly out of sorts, has prevented many a long illness. We assert the above confidentially. Man is much more subject to the influence of his surroundings than is generally supposed. The ill effects upon the general health of living in close, ill-ventilated, and badly-lit homes, offices, or work- shops, are, of course, well known to everyone who has studied hygiene; while the life-giving effects ol sunlight and fresh air are equally well known. The same may be said of the results of the various climatic changes. The injurious effects of a prevailing east wind are evident to all observant persons; and the depressing influence of an approaching thunderstorm on some constitutions has also been observed by most people. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters may be termed an insurance policy against "catching cold," for it gives stamina and a healthy vitality to resist climatic changes and is a reliable safeguard against colds, chills, and coughs, which frequently happen through the weakness of the constitution being unable to resist the effects of the changeableness of the weather. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters never disappoints when given a fair trial, and no medicine has had so many imitators,but thepurchaser has the remedy against such deceit in his own hands. Note particularly the name" Gwilym Evans" on the label, on the stamp, and on the bottle (a threefold precaution), without which none are genuine. Refuse all others then you will have the satisfaction of benefiting by the unrivalled virtures of this great tonic. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each by chemists and patent medicine vendors, or will be sent direct by the proprietors, without any extra charge to any address in the United Kingdom. Sole Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, bouth Wales.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

BOY'S INGENIOUS THEFTS. A small boy named James Morris, of Owen-street,was charged at the Warrington Police Court on Monday with stealing from the person of William Griffiths,aged eight years,3s.6d. the money of Joseph Griffiths,and also with stealing is. from the person of Arthur Potter whilst in the Winwick-street Co-operative Stores on Friday.— Superintendent Monaghan said the boy Griffiths was sent on an errand to the Co-operative Stores, carrying the 3s. 6d. which was wrapped in paper. He met the prisoner who, under pretence of telling his fortune, asked him to look through a shop window. Griffiths did so, and prisoner snatched the money from his hand and made off. On Friday the boy Potter was in the stores when the prisoner came to him and said if he would give him his money he would get the goods more quickly than he (Potter) could. Potter gave prisoner the shilling, and he bolted. He was arrested by Detective Meacock.— Prisoner was ordered to receive eight strokes with the birch and to be kept in custody until six o'clock.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

MoNDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Francomb, Councillor Thornton, and Mr. Birchall. ASSAULTS ON POLICE OFF ICERS.—Frederick Norton, 81, Haddon-street, Beswick, Manchester, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly at Market ate at 6.45 on Saturday evening, and with assaulting P.C. Fish.—The officer stated that because he refused to lock him up, prisoner struck him on the side of the neck. On being taken into custody he became very violent and kicked out savagely. P.C.'s Hughes and Hesp rendered assistance, and prisoner had to be carried nearly all the way to the Police Station. He used disgraceful language.—Prisoner was sent 0 gaol for a month.— John Dixon and Margaret Elizabeth Hackett, of no settled abode, were charged with having been drunk and disorderly on Friars'-green and with assaulting Inspec- tor Taylor.—The inspector said he heard a disturbance 'taking place at the end of Stanley-street, and on going there,found the male prisoner,who was wearing only his boots and trousers, challenging people to tight. He tried to persuade prisoner to go away,but he was so dis- orderly that lab had to be taken into custody. He then struck witness a violent blow in the mouth. The female prisoner came upon the scene and struck witness,and he took her into cuAody.When they had gone some distance the man said he was "going to give him Hackenschmidt." They struggled on the ground, and the woman kicked and struck witness. She also snatched the stick from under his arm and struck him a heavy blow on the back •of the head. The man kicked him about the head, legs and chest. P.C. Corbett eventually came to witness's assistance and the prisoners were locked up. Dixon wanted to fight all the officers who were on duty at the police station.—Dixon was sent to gaol for two mosths and Hackett for one month. NOTORIOUS CHARACTER.—EIiza Smith, who made her 86th appearance, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment for indecent behaviour. TUESDAY.—Before Alderman Sutton (in the chair), Messrs. W. Richardson and C. J.!Holmes. ANOTHER POLICE ASSAULT.—Edward Clarke, a stranger, was charged with assaulting P.C. Worrell in a public passage off Buttermarket-street at 9.15 on Mon- day night.—On being asked to plead, prisoner said, "Go on. Write down what you are going to give me."—The constable said he was on duty in Buttermarket-street when he was called to William Gallop's to eject the prisoner who was under the influence of drink. He got prisoner into an adjoining passage, and prisoner kicked him several times and struck him in the face. With P.C. Cooper's (36) assistance he was locked up.—Fined 10s. and costs, or 14 days' imprisonment. BREACHES OF THE PEACE.—The following were bound over and ordered to pay costs for committing breaches of the peace :—Hannah Kinsey, 37, Eldon-street ; Ellen Grant, and Martha Ellen Grant, 28, Haydock-street John Griffin and Ellen Griffin, 4, James-street. FRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillors Roberts and Thornton, Messrs Reynolds and Burgess. ROBBED HIS WlFE.—James McCarthy was charged

• : . rt. 4' 445

nal

A Substantial

Guarantee. .

"The name Cadbury on a packet or tin of Cocoa,"says The Epicure, "is a sub- stantial guarantee of purity."

===== 0002601_19040806_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
9ft., 9 ..•., • '4:4w • Cocoa

for Summer and Winter and all the year round. N.B. Cocoas treated with alkali and chemicals have a medicinal sent when the tin or packet is Ii st opened and will be a dark co our when in liquor, not so CADBURY's,which The Lancet says: "undergoes no method of treatment by which foreign substances are introduced."

!AA,

ABSOLUTELY PURE ThEREFORE BEST.

Is a delicious Invigorating and Sustaining Food Beverage

CADIRTR.Y's Is COCOA and the BEST Cocoa Only.

.J

===== 0002601_19040806_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
with stealing a pair of boots from his wife, Mary Ellen McCarthy, 451, Knutsford-road.—Superintendent Monaghan said that about three months ago prisoner's wife got a separation order with 7s. per week alimony. Prisoner was also sent to gaol for two months for assaulting her. Since he came out of gaol, prisoner had continually tormented his wife and threatened her. On Thursday morning he went to her house. Entering the place by the back door he pushed his wife into the yard and locked her out. A auarter of an hour later he allowed her to come in, and he went out at the front door. Shortly afterwards Mrs. McCarthy missed the boots, and it was ascertained that prisoner had given them to a little girl to pawn at Mr. Houghton's Mersey-street. Mr. Houghton was suspicious and on going to the shop door saw the prisoner in the street. He retained the boots and prisoner was arrested. —The magistrates sent prisoner to gaol for a month. HUSBAND AND WlFE.—Henry Edward Riley was summoned for *deserting his wife, Margaret Riley—Mr. Steel appeared for the complainant and said the case was adjourned a month ago, in order that defendant might contribute towards his wife's maintenance. He had not given her a penny since then. The parties had been married eleven years. Defendant was subject to habits of intemperance and laziness and was continually leaving his work. He left his wife in May and she had to go into the workhouse. Defendant served a month's imprisonment for leaving her chargeable to the Union. —The case was dismissed in order to give the parties an opportunity of coming to an amicable arrangement. APPRENTICE LEAVES WORK.—John Stead, Holmes Chapel, was summoned by Samuel Bibby, hamper maker, Manchester-road, by whom he is employed as an appren- tice, for leaving his work without just&ause. John Albert Stead, 24, Glazebrook-street, father of the last defendant, was summoned as a surety under the indenture for not seeing that his son fulfilled the condition.—Mr. Steel appeared for the complainant, and said John Stead was in the last year of his apprenticeship. He had absented himself from work from time to time on the plea of illness, but complainant found that on one occasion he was working for a local building contractor as a labourer, and on another he was employed as a journeyman hamper- maker at Knutsford. On June 25th he left work and went to Holmes Chapel. He had not returned, and 'Mr. Bibby had been put to a loss of £24.—The magistrates ordered John Stead to return to his work. They con- sidered the father had done his best to have the inden- ture fulfilled, and dismissed the case against him. AFTER SEVEN Morms.—Arthur James Myles, Fox- street, was summoned for persistent cruelty to his wife, Christina Myles, 98, Hood-lane.—Mr. Browne repre- sented the complainant.—The parties have been married only seven months, complainant being eighteen years of age. Mr. Browne said defendant was bad tempered, and when under the influence of drink ill-used his wife shockingly. He was a Volunteer and when he was preparing to go to camp a young man who assisted him to dress had to prevent him from chokily, complainant by standing between them. Com- plainant' thought she would be in danger if she con- tinued to live with defendant. Whilst he had been at camp she had had to look after herself, as he left her no money.--Complainant gave evidence, stating that defendant had struck her and made her arms black and blue. Recently her face bad been very much swollen through his illtreatment. She heard that defen- dant bad been walking out with another woman, but when she accused him he denied it.—Defendant said his wife provoked him to strike her. He now offered to provide her with a good home.—The case was adjourned for a month. CHARGES OF ASSAULT.—Thomas Hogan 4, Cambria- place, was charged with assaulting Mary Lowe, 6, Cambria-place, on July 30th.—The case was dismissed, the parties to pay their own costs.—Elizabeth Kearns, 63, Pinners'-brow, was fined ss. and costs for assaulting Elizabeth Rose, 4, Silver-square.--William Mason, 90, Church-street, was summoned for assaulting Minnie Noons, 88, Church-street, but the case was dismissed,as was also a cross-summons against Noons. WINDOW SMASHlNG.—Elizabeth Rowlands' 16,School Brow, was summoned by Mary Jane Burke, 23, School Brow, for doing wilful damage to shop windows and a stock of provisions.—Complainant alleged that defend- ant. smashed two panes of glass with a poker. She then broke the shelves down and did £2 worth of damage to the stock.—Defendant denied the offence, and called a witness who stated that complainant's husband was re- sponsible for the damage.—The easewas dismissed.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
TWO THINGS TO AVOID.

IRREGULAR MEALS AND HEAVY SMOKING.

MERSEY PIER-MASTER'S VIEWS.

"It's my usual time, but I can't stop to eat just now. I I'll have a pipe instead." Thus men are always finding excuses for taking their meals at irregular hours. Further they are constantly injuring their digestion by heavy smoking. Both these habits should be carefully avoided or disastrous consequences may ensue. Making some inquiries upon the subject, a reporter was favoured with the views of some well-known Runcorn men. One of them, Mr. John Carlsen, held that smoking was a luxury for which he had himself paid dearly. "I have good cause to think so," he said, "for I attribute an illness I had to continual smoking more than to anything else, though irregular meals had something to do with it. Did I get better when I stopped smoking? Well, it, took more than that to cure me. I was downright ill but thanks to Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people, I am hale and hearty again. It began in this way," continued Mr. Carlsen, who is pier-master at Weston, near Runcorn," I am exposed to all kinds of weather, and I took my meals at irregular times. Frequently I fast- ed for many hours and returned home (I live at Quarry Bank-terrace, Weston, by the way), wet through. My , constitution at length weakened. I felt 'seedy 'and , tired. Although my appetite was not affected very much, ' my digestive organs seemed to be altogether ought of order. When I came home from work, I had always to lie down and rest. "Upon the suggestion of a friend, I tried Dr. Williams' pink pills, and bafore I had taken three boxes, I felt much better. I continued with the medicine, and soon I was quite well again. Being a heavy smoker, I thought my pipe was at the bottom of the mischief. You cannot be always smoking and not suffer somehow. "But Dr.Williams' pink pills not only cured me then, but quite recently when T had a bad attack of sciatica the pills gave me immediate relief." Mrs. Carlsen, who Joined in the conversation also gladly testified to the value of the medicine. " Some years ago," she said "I met with a cycling accident. My right arm was much hurt. • "For ever so long after, it remained troublesome, and a touch of rheumatism made it very painful. Eventually I tried Dr. Williams' pink pills, and I benefited very much." Mrs. Carlson added that, having derived much benefit, she had had no hesitation in recommending the pills to her friends. Two young ladies who came to live in the district suffered from antemia, and upon Mrs. Carlsen's advice they took a few boxes of Dr. Williams' pink pills, and before long were practically cured. "We alsoknow,", said Mrs. Carlsen a man who was inclined to be consumptive, but after a fair trial of Dr.Williams' pink pills for pale people, he speaks in the highest praise of them.'

===== 0002601_19040806_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SMOKE NUISANCE AT

WARRINGTON.

A Remarkable Offer.

The latest triumph of the Smoke Dragon says "The Dawn" is to drive away from Warrington the Clergy Daughters' School. Not content with darkening our skies, and dirtying our windows, and murdering our trees and flowers,it has continually breathed its baleful breath right in the eyes of this old institution, and, after nestling on Mote Hill for sixty years, it last month left us, in despair, to seek a haven amid the green and smil- ing hills of Derbyshire. We would sooner have lost a dozen chimneys! But nobody appears to care,and we were told quite recently by a good friend who means us well, that we had better not say anything against smoke, as the workingman would not like it. Poor old working- man! How they do bamboozle and delude him! 1f he only knew, he is the greatest sufferer, for he has to live, and breathe, and die amid the blackness. We have always said that so much smoke was so much waste; that it was possible not only to remove the nuisance, but effect a consequential saving; that, instead of check- ing true industrial enterprize, our plea, if carried out, would greatly further it. It, seems, after all, that we were right. The chairman of the Electricity Com- mittee—a committee which, for months, was num- bered with the chief transgressors—tells us, now, with tardy wisdom, that he and his illustrious confreres have at last diqcovered that it if: possible to save well on for fifty per cent. in fuel and prevent black smoke entirely by the use of mechanical stokers. Since then, we have been privileged to see 'Messrs. Crosfield's Bank Quay Works. And the chimneys really are practically smoke- less. And the firm's expert—perhaps the ablest chemist in the town—was good enough to tell us that his com- pany were saving thousands by their. present system, and that other local manufactures might do the same ; that even the ironworks—the chief offenders—though with greater difficulty, might achieve the same result; and that he was prepared to instal in any works in Warrington, entirely at his own fixpense, a plant which would accomplish all he claimeda he were guaranteed a fair percentage of the profit which, he said, would follow from the consequent ecOnomy in coal. He added that he was willing to give one hundred pounds to the Infirmary if he should fail, and that we were at liberty to publicly repeat what he had said.

Three lives have been lost in the Alps near Innsbruck during the last few days, and several persons have been injured by falls whilst searching for edelweiss.

Having stolen about £6O worth of goods fromtis employer, a Shudehill jeweller, John William Nixon, book-keeper, was yesterday sentenced to four months' limprisonment.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
RETALI AT il_P .

MR. BALFOUR'S PANACEA.

TAX THOSE WHO TAX US.

THE position of the Government in relation to the Fiscal question is quite unique. A Fortion of its members are nominal Free traders, a larger number are Protectionists, Ind the rest are Retaliators. The policy of t-he Government up to the election is Free Trade:. after then it is to be Retaliation, with an easy option to any of its members to follow Mr. Chamberlain if they choose. The Prime Minister believes that our present Fiscal policy ought to be reversed, but he finds it inexpedient to reverse it.

The Government's Powers,

MR. BALFOUR always speaks as though some special Act of Parliament would be necessary in order to carry out his policy of Retaliation. lie tells us we must recover our power of •oegotiation with foreign countries. As a matter of fact, no new powers are required, and no Act of Parliament is needed. All that is necessary to put Retaliation in force is for the Foreign Office and the Treasury to work togethef--the one to inform foreign Govern- ments that unless they reduce taxes upon British goods we shall place taxes on their goods; the other to make such arrangements - -rrould b necessary to impose the taxes.

as wouiL Jo sary_ Finally, such taxes would only have to ,be included in the next Budget and the thing is done. Why, if Mr. Balfour believes that Retaliation is necessary, he does not carry out these arrangements it is difficult to say.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Retaliation and Free Foed.

MR. BALFOUR is supposed to be opposed to any taxes Upon food or raw material. Whether such opposition arises from belief in the wisdom- of free imports of food, or whether it is due to his fear of tile electors, is not quite clear. From his speeches we are led to believe that he opposes the taxation of food simply because such taxes would be unpopular. He contends that his policy of Retaliation would not involve the taxation of food. On the other hand, Free Traders argue that it would be impossible for Great Britain to retaliate.xpon_food,producing countries unless the Government had power to put a tax upon corn. Unfortunately, in this contest with Mr. Lalfour we have nothing clear or definite to o upon. He tells us P-he is in favour of Retaliation, but nothing more. He has never condescended to enter- into details or explain his 'schemes. Unlike Mr. Chamberlain, he has not considered himself to be a missionary of a new Fiscal gospel. His only mission in life seems to be to invent excuses for keeping the çi esent Government in power. He thus places his opponents in a difficulty by refusing to st ate the . issue upon which they are to meet him.

Retaliation may mean anything or nothing. Its chief advantage is that it will allow Mr. Balfour to develop consistently into a Protec- tionist, or equally consistently remain a Free Trader. What the people of this country think of this shifty policy is best seen by the, results of the recent elections. They have rejected Mr. Balfour's Retaliation with as n licb freedom as they have refused to accPnt Mr. Chamberlain's Protection. In fact, the country has declined to distinguish between the two. In this respect the electors have drawn public notice to a simple economic truth. You cannot put Retaliation into force without taxing food, and the constituencies have preferred not to run any risks by return- ing Retaliation candidates.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Food-Producing Countries.

A GLANCE at the figures and origin of our imported food will shew how foolish it is to think we could retaliate upon foreign countries and still import free food. The two countries which impose the heaviest duties upon British goods are the United States of America and Russia. Any scheme of Retaliation would necessarily involve the taxation of the imports received from those countries. Now what do those countries send us ? Here are the figures for 1002:

===== 0002601_19040806_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
From Russia.

Food and Raw Materials £22,589,000 Manufactures

Total From United States.

Food and Raw Materials £106,031,000 Manufactures

• Total £126,962,000 From the above figures we see that any Retaliation upon the manufactures sent us by Russia and the United States would not be likely to influence the Governments or people of those countries. The only way to make them " feel " our retaliation would be to tax the food they send us. Unfortunately, we should "feel" that ourselves far more than they would. The Hitter Hit.

MR. CHAMBERLAIN has informed the world that he does not like being hit without hitting back. That is a very dangerous principle to apply to the trade of this country; but it is one which is very popular with a certain class of people. In the Oswestry division the walls were covered with Tory bills bearing the following inscription: Treat other nations as they treat us. Tax

those who tax you. There we have the whole gospel of Retaliation. i But, as we have said, it s a very dangerous gospel. Fortunately or unfortunately, the trade of Great Britain is so enormous that we present a larger surface to be hit than any of our competitors. Thus the exports of manufactured goods from the chief countries are as follows:

Exports of Manufactures, 1901. United States .. £85,000,000 France .. 90,000,000

Germany • • . . 144, 000, 000 Great Britain .. .. 229,000,000 When we remember that the total export of British goods to the sqlf-governing Colonies is only some £60,000,000, we shall realise how great is our trade with foreign countries, and to what a lamp extent our prosperity depends upon maintaining friendly trade relations with them. It is all very well to talk about hitting back, but if we start hitting our own customers the result will be disastrous. For every blow we gave them they could give us two.

A girl of 16, named Darbyshire, who lives off Deans- gate, Manchester, took some carbolic acid because she was out of work. Yesterday the magistrates handed her over to the lady missioner.

Alderman W. T. Heap, chairman of the Waterworks Committee, denied at Rochdale Town Council yesterday that the Corporation were responsible for the cases of alleged lead poisoning at Todmorden.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Fels-Naptha

With it, no boiling. With it, half rubbing. With it, small damage to clothes. With it, more ease and comfort iid money. Fels-Naptba 39 Wilson street London E C

===== 0002601_19040806_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 6, 1904. OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. 1 FOOTBALL CLUB SPORTS.

Baptist Church, Golborne-street. I The services on Sunday, were taken by Mr. Grady, who in the evening preached from the text "Without faith it is impossible to please Him: for he that cometh to God must believe that He is, and that He is Ia rewarder of them that diligently seek Him" (Hebrews chap. 11, verse 6.) Faith in its various a pects was i discussed, and the preacher pointed out that n order to please God it was necessary first to believe in His existence as our Creator, and then to approach Him with the sure trust and confidmape that through the merits of Jesus Christ our sins had been forgiven and that through the Son we had been reconciled to God the Father.

• Holy Trinity Church Renovation. lAt a recent meeting of the Holy Trinity Church Coun- cil, the subject of church renovation came under con- sideration along with (funds permitting) the substitu- tion of electric light for gas in the whole church. It had been thought feasible to do the work during the next few weeks, but, after consideration, it was decided to postpone it until the spring, which will enable the lwardens, with the assistance of the congregation, to raise the balance of the money required. £BO is already set aside for renovation purposes, but a considerable additional sum will be needed.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
GLORIOUS WEATHER AND A SUCCESSFUL MEETING.

Ideal holiday weather and the prop' .t Of an excel- lent afternoon's sport attracted a crowd of between four and five thousand to the Wilderspool ground on Monday, when the Warrington Football Club held their nineteenth annual athletic festival. Without these sports, Warrington's August Bank Holiday would be regarded as incomplete, and the meeting loses none of its popularity as years go on. Monday's condi- tions could hardly have been more favourable, and from two o'clock the turnstiles clicked merrily. The programme was long, but the arrangements were ad- mirable in every respect, and the events were got through in quick time. Some of the foot races were characterised by poor turnouts of entrants, and the result was that several competitors had easy tasks in winning their heats. The substitution of a two miles walking handicap for the boxing contest was an entirely new feature, and the spectators derived no little amusement from the many styles of pedestrianism. Interest seemed to flag somewhat before the long distance was covered. As usual the cycle races furnished plenty of excitement, and it was a source of satisfaction to the assembly that two the well- known local riders, carried off prizes. There were one or two spills but, fortunately, the wheelers escaped uninjured. In most of the handicaps the interest was maintained throughout, and the scholars' contest again proved a success. Selections by the Warrington Borough brass band and Miss Turner's mandoline band were credit- ably given, and served to enliven the proceedings. To the club officials special praise is due for the time and care which they had devoted to the arrangements. The various duties were undertaken, as follows : Clerk of the course, Mr. T. Bowers ; starter, Mr. T. Wainwright; judges, Messrs. J. Evans, D. Tinnion, IJ. E. Warren and T. Locker; committee, Messrs. W. Nevins, W. Hewitt, T. Barnes, T. Davies, F. Heesom, I J. T. Bate, W. Hill, I. Hackett, F. Turner, E. Gilbert, and J. W. Evans ; handicapper, Mr. H. P. Ellis; hon. treasurer, Mr. T. Pemberton; hon. secretary, Mr. H. Ashton ; official judge for cycle events: Mr. E. Pickavance, N.C.U.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
150 YARDS SCHOLARS' RACE.

_ For the third year in succession, boys under fifteen years of age, were afforded an opportunity of showing their fleetness of foot. - Substantial inducements were offered in the shape of the following prizes :-Ist, silver keyless Waltham watch_ and chain; 2nd, oak mounted ink stand ; 3rd, aneroid barometer; 4th, silver pencil case. The race was well contested, but in the final, A. Sheppard &stained acomfortable lead and won by two yards. The other prizes went to :-2, J. Foulkes; 3, P. Broadhurst; 4, J. Spencer. The time recorded was 173-5 seconds. The winners of heats were :-Ist heat, 1, P. Broadhurst (30 yards), 2, A. Short (18) ; 2nd heat, 1, A. Sheppard (23), 2, J. Burrows (12) ; 3rd heat, 1, W. Llewellyn (16), 2, J. Broadhurst (15) ; 4th heat, 1, J. Spencer (11), 2, T. Bagnall, (12) ; sth boat, 1, J. Foulkes (23), 2, A. J. Wood (27).

===== 0002601_19040806_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
100 YIIIDS HANDICAP.

An exciting finish was the feature of this race. The contestants were well matched, J. D. Robinson, Liver- pool, breasting the tape first. He was only a foot in advance of A. H Reece, Liverpool, and inches separated the last-named from E. Bickerton, Manchester. The time was 10 secs. The appearance of G. Dickenson, the well known footballer, gave rise to speculation, but the hopes of his many friends were doomed to disappoint- ment,as he made a very poor show in his heat. The winners of heats were :—J. Barnes, St. Helens (4 yards) ; F. R. Jones, Manchester (9) ; R. Green, Leigh (8) ; J. D. Robinson, Liverpool (n) ; E. F. Furkiss, Liverpool (8k); J. Randle, Northwich (7i); H. Clough, Pendleton (8,4) ; E. Bickerton, Manchester (7); A. H. Reece, Liverpool (82) ; R. Mossley, Bolton (52) ; R. H. Neville, Hindley Green (8). The prizes were ;-Ist, polished brass clock and ornaments; 2nd, silver-plated tea urn,; 3rd, case 5 piece carvers.

220 YARDS' HANDICAP.

This race also produced a close finish, H. Parkhurst,of Newcastle, dashing in first from the 11 yards mark. A. H. Reece, of Liverpool, was only half-a-yard behind,and F. E. Ayto Rowell, of Liverpool, the scratch man, secured third place' The chronometer recorded 22 2-5 seconds. The winners of heats were :—H. Parkhurst, Newcastle (11 yards) ; D. C. Western, Liverpool (31) ; W. H. Hunter, St. Helens (8) ; F. Yates, Bolton (14) ; E. Bickerton, Manchester (13) ; A. H. Reece, Liverpool (14;; F. E. Ayto WOTv-ell (1). The prizes were :-Ist, silver-plated tea set and tray • 2nd, silver-plated spirit kettle and stand; 3rd, silver-Plated Wedgewood biscuit jar.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE MILE NOVICE BICYCLE HANDICAP.

The first bicycle race was conlinei to novices, and was decided in five heats. The prizes offered were :- Ist, silver-plated revolving soup and entreA dish; 2nd, 6 bottle cruet: 3rd, silver-plated hot water jug. There was a rare struggle for victory in the last lap, T. Ware- ing, of Rixton, winning by a wheel. S. N. Needham, Altrincbam, was second and R. Massey, of Martinscroft third. The success of two local riders was gratifying tn the crowd. Two mins. 43 1-ssecs. was the time occupied. The winners of heats were :—R. Massey, Martinscroft (40 yards) ; J. R. Lowe, Warrington (85) ; S. N. Needham, Altrincham (65) ; T. Wareing, Rixton (100) ; A. Charlesworth, Rixton (90).

===== 0002601_19040806_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
600 YARDS' OBSTACLE

Great amusement was afforded by the way in which the competitors negotiated the obstacles which beset them. H. Forster, of Warrington, gained the first position somewhat easily. Nine yards separated him from F. Morrison, Bolton, and the third award was carried off by T. Jones, Birkenhead. The winners of heats were :-Ist beat, 1, F. Merrison,Bolton, (scratch;) 2, T. Jones, Birkenhead, (50yards) ; 2nd heat, 1, D. Gibson, Warrington, (60); 2, J. J.Spencer, Warrington, (60);3rd heat. 1, A. Ford, Warrington,(4s) ; 2, H.Foster, Warrington,(6s). The following prizes were awarded:- Ist, oak mounted liquor and games cabinet ; 2nd, 6 bottle dinner cruet; 3rd, silver-plated butter dish.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE -MILE BICYCLE HANDICAP.

Several local riders cO.lie-teif in this interesting event and two of the best known secured prizes. The final was keenly fought, and ended in a triumph for J. Ashurst, of Leigh, who was half 9. length in advance of H. Berry, Warrington. Three lengths separated the latter from J.Houghton,Warringtori. The time recorded was 2 mills. 33 secs. Winners of heats :-Ist heat, 1, J. Ashurst, Leigh (155 yards); 2,J. Houghton, Warrington; (180) ; 2nd heat, 1, H. Mounfield, Warrington, (160) ; 2, A. Charlesworth, Runcorn, (195) ; 3rd heat. 1, N. M. Stephens, Earlestown (145) ; 2, B. Gornall, Warrington, (165); 4th heat, 1, C. Berry, Warrington, (105) ; 2, W. Brocklehurst, Bold (170). Prizes :-Ist, oak mounted liquor and lemon squash frame; 2nd, aneroid barometer; 3rd, dressing case.

TWO MILE BICYCLE HANDICAP. As usual this was one of the best events of the pro- gramme, and there was one local winner. After a very close finish, J. Ashurst of Leigh, got in first by half a length. William Stephens, of Earlestown, was second, being two lengths before H. Mounfield, Warrington. The time was smin. 48 4-ssecs. Winners of heats :- Ist heat, 1, H. Mounfield, Warrington (240 yards) ; 2, C Berry, Warrington (155); 3, J. Berry, Warrington (275) ; 2nd heat, 1, B. Gornall, Warrington (245) ; 2, W. M. Stephens, Earlestown (215) ; 3, J. Houghton, Warrington (275) ; 3rd heat, 1, J. Ashurst, Leigh (230) ; 2, W. Brocklehurst, Bold (255) ; 3, F. Wareing, Rixton (300). Prizes, Ist, combination case of cutlery, carvers, salts, rings, &c.; 2nd, egg cup frame; 3rd, silver-plated sugar and cream frame.

TWO MILES WALKING HANDICAP. This new feature arousal considerable interest for a time, but it became rather tedious before the long distance had been covered. There was a large turnout, but only four finished. The winners were :-I,W. Price, Warrington,(29o); 2, T. Jones, Liverpool. (320) ;3, S. Hopkins, Runcorn, (300). Time, 15mins. 42,isecs. Price won easily by ten yards. Prizes :—Est, case of cutlery 2nd, salad bowl and servers; 3rd, alarm clock.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
440 YARDS' 111NDICAP.

Good racing was witnessed in this handicap, premier honours falling to W. Bryan, Prescot. He was two yards before J. R3udle,Northwich, the third prize going to J. J. Kite, The' Time, 50 3-ssecs. Winners of heats :-Ist heat, 1, J. Randle, Northwich,(2B) ' • 2, W. Bryan,Prescot, (34) : 2nd heat, 1, D. C. Western, Liver-, pool, (14); 2, F.E. Ayto Rowell,Liverpool.(2); 3rd heat 1, G. Little, Liverpool,(3s); 2, J. J. Kite, Thelwa,ll(2s) Prizes, Ist. case of cutlery and carvers; 2nd, six bottle dinner cruet ; 3rcl, silver-plated cut ;loss claret jug.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
889 YARDS' HANDICMS.

_ , This was a very tight contest, R. E. Allen, of Farn- worth, (47) winning by inches. The second place was secured by W.A.Mercer, Widnes, (40) ; and the third by C. Hodgkinson, Northwich,(sl) Time lmin. 57 4-ssecs. Prizes, Ist, gold albert and seal ; 2nd, silver-plated flower pt lamp ; 3rd, case of .3 piece carvers.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE MILE HA.NMCAP.

- - This rice was marked by splendid runnine on the Part of J. F. Crawford, Marylebone, C.C. (70) who was virtually scratch man and won by• four yards. C 4. H. \Vinn. Liverpool (139), was second, and A. Gib.on, Nlanchester (120), third. Time 4mins. 18 3-ssecs. Prizes, Ist, oak mounted bracket chime clock; 2nd, marble striking clock ; 3rd, silver-plated fruit dish. At the close of the sports, Mrs. Pemberton, wife of the esteemed treasnrer, distributed the prizes.

The three Manchester bre*ers' draymen who were charged with the practice of " dropping a barrel," i.e., obtaining a barrel of beer surreptitiously from their publicans under cost price, were employerson sentit to to gaol for three months apiece. Thursdayan d selling

A silver medal is to be awarded an Old Trafford bath attendant named Geddes, who plunged into the bath in full attire to rescue a little boy from drowning.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Emmanuel Church, Bold-street.

Two important events took place on Monday in con- nection with the above church. The first was the arrival of a consignment of the new edition of the Revised Book of Common Prayer. The other event was that a party of the congregation departed on an after- noon trip. The weather was all that heart could wish. when upwards of 80 members and friends of the church set off to Delamere Forest. Two large vehicles afforded accommodation and the day will long be remembered among the happy events in the history of Emmanuel Church. Bowling along the well-kept roads, the native charms of Cheshire scenery were much enjoyed. On arrival the party sat down to a substantial meal to which ample justice was done. Thus fortified,pleasant rambles were indulged in,and the forest glens soon resounded with the peals of merry laughter of the holiday-makers. The journey home was commenced about 7 p.m., and proved a delightful cool sequel to the heat of the run and the games in the woods. The rabbits and hares came out for inspection, and their movements were eagerly watched. Volunteers waved their greetings from their Icamping ground as the party passed. Arpley Station was reached about 10.30 p.m., where a hymn and the Benediction brought a delightful day to a close.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
Consecration of Newchurch Church.

The Lord Bishop of Liverpool consecrated the new and handsom 3 church which has been erected at New- church on S tturdav, the special service being largely attended. In the course of his sermon his lordship said there were two sidls of conse3ration—t,he religious side and the legal side. That day, with prayer and praise, they had consecrated that church, that was to say, set it apart from all ordinary and common uses, and dedicated it for ever to the worship of Almighty God. It would wound their feelings, it would scandalize their minds if in the future that beautiful house of prayer was used for a social or political gathering. They had listened to the words of prayer and praise which had gone up to GO, and the words of consecration. Hence- forth, the building was for ever a holy one, and as they stepped across its threshold, they bowed their heads, they talked in whispers, they moved about slowly and reverently, for it was a house of God. But conse- cration had also a legal aspect. A deed of consecration had been signed and witnessed, and it would be preserved among the documents of the dioceie.and n iu.; ;i of an Act of Parliament could cause the church to be pulled down or put to any purpose other than that for the wor- ship of Almighty God.ln concluding,his lordship said the Church crept and crawled where once she advanced by leaps and bounds, because of the divi4ions of Christen- dom and because of the bitterness of Christian people one to another. They were, however, bound to contend for the faith once delivered to the saints, and they must not forget that whilst they were truly Catholic they were equally truly Protestant. The true Protestant was not a man who dealt with negations, but one who held fast to the Catholic faith. At the close of the consecration service a confirmation service was conducted by the Lord Bishop.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebenezer Church, Butterm3rket-street. The New Pastor.

On Thursday evening the tmarnbers and friends of the above church, to the number of 100, assembled for an excellent tea kindly provided by Councillor Thornton, .P. The object of the gathering was to welcome the ew Pastor, the Rev. Alfred Barrett, formerly of Hatton. After tea a short service was held. Councillor Thornton occupied the chair, and in his opening remarks referred to the past history of the church, and expressed the best wishes for its future prosperity.—The next speaker was Mr. Langton, lay evangelist from St. Peter's Church. He addressed some very encouraging remarks to all present, exhorting every one to do his or her utmost to make the Church as great a successes possible. Mr. Roberts, a well-known prize tenor, then rendered The Holy City" excellently, and was heartily applauded. Mr. Merlin addressed the meeting, and he also encouraged the people and asked them all to unite and work together. The Chairman introduced the new Pastor with a few witty remarks and a proposition that the heartiest reception possible he accorded him.—The proposition was seconded by Mr. Merlin, and after a hearty clapping of hands the Pastor commenced his address. His opening query was "How shall we make my ministry a success ?" He said there could be no real success without working hard for it. If a man did not work in these days, and work hard, he was soon pushed aside and fell into the rear. The first quality which made for success was industry,the second, having a direct aim. Without industry and a direct aim there could be no real success, as the world had numberless purposeless geople in it. The Pastor's address, which was very impressive and inspiring, included several amusing anecdotes. At the close, the reverend gentle- man received very hearty and appreciative applause. Mr. Roberts then sang by special request the Welsh solo "Y Cartref Dedwydd Fry " (" The Heavenly Rest ") which received the applause it so well deserved. Light refreshments were then handed round, and the Doxology was sung, thus bringing a most enjoyable meeting to a close. •

A DAILY OCCUR FLENCE.—New cures resulting from the use of Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people are daily coming to light in all parts of the country. Particulars of a Mersey case are published in this issue. Dr. Williams' pink pills have cured paralysis, locomotor ataxy, rheumatism, and sciatica; also all diseases aris- ing from impoverishment of the blood, scrofula, rickets, chronic erysipelas, consumption of the bowels and lungs, anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general and muscular weakness, loss of appetite, palpitations, pains in the back, nervous headache and neuralgia, early decay, all forms of female weakness and hysteria. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name—Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people—and are sold by chemists, and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, of Holborn Viaduct, London, E.C., at two and nine a box, or six boxes for thirteen and nine.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
FEARNHEAD SEWAGE.

Rural Council Surveyor's Suggestions For Its Disposal.

In view of the agitation to improve the condition of Sankey Brook, it is interesting to note that Mr. B. S. Newcombe, surveyor to the Rural District Council, has prepared a report containing suggestions for the treat- ment of the sewage of Poulton-with-Fearnhead. It reads as follows:—In accordance with instruction given at your June meeting, Dr- Sephton, Mr. Kerfoot and myself have met on the ground and examined into the feasibility of treating the sewage locally. _

BrAcKi3Roox.—At- Blackbro-ok there is very little fall, quite insufficient to treat bacteriologically, and the only method practicable will be to construct a tank close to the present outlet and to precipitate the sewage with alumino-ferric. This principle (although not so satisfactory as the septic system), would remove the nuisance at present existing. Probable cost, approximate £.lO. ORCHARD-STREET.—Fortunately the levels taken of the Orchard-street area shew that by re-laying the lines from the various cesspools (to save fall at present wasted), and piping two ditches there will remain a fall of 27 inches wherewith to treat the sewage sceptically. At the same time I would suggest that the Farmer's Arms Hotel and the block of property opposite, be also connected to the same system it being quite feasible. Both ditches would be required to be piped and sewage collected and cdrried, say 50 yards below the corner of old Orchard. Probable cost, approximate £l5O. PADGAT E-L ANE.--Unfortunately, at the troublesome point here, there is absolutely no spare fall, and the land is quite waterlogged and stagnant. The only system to be recommended as feasible (that is without pumping or putting the Township to permanent expense) would be as follows :—To carry the present pipe across the brook with an oval of flat box pipe, obstructing the brook as little as possible. To lay a new main alongside the brook at foot of Mr. James Houghton's garden to , divert the brook straight across second field to save fall and to treat the sewage matter there—similarly to that 'it Blackbrook ; namely, with trough and alumino-ferric basket and to precipitate in a settling tank. At the same time perhaps I should point out that the land here is so low-lying as to be often entirely under water during the winter months. But with the fall at hand I am of the opinion that it would be quite impossible to treat it in any better manner. Probable cost,approxi- mate, £75. In Conclusion I might say that although the suggested treatment by precipitation with alumino-ferric would not be a perfect system or as thorough as the septic and filtration system, it would at any rate remove all solids and flocculent matters frou the sewage and deodorize it. The effluent would be very fair and quite harmless to the public health. The cost of attention, cleansing and supply of alumino-ferric would of course be an annual charge upon the Township; but thia would be minute as compared with any of the larger systems recently suggested.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR NOTES.

Inspired by the excellent example set by the Motor , Cycling Club, we note that several provincial clubs are now instituting non-stop runs of lengthy duration. These are proving extremely interesting, whilst they certainly provide the most satisfactory means of prov- ing the reliability—or otherwise—of the different machines.

mine Although a two-speed gear is not really necessary upon the ordinary, pedal-propelled bicycle, it is certainly a boon upon the motor cycle, and especially in those , cases where a free engine is fitted. Not only is every ascent thus rendered possible without pedalling, but a higher speed is attainable on the level, since the second speed can be geared higher than is advisable where no such device is employed.

Where water-cooling is employed upon motor cycles (and this is greatly resorted to now that higher-powered engines and fore-carriages have become popular), the Thermo-syphon system is preferable to circulation by mearns of a mechanically operated pump. Provided that the water tank is placed at a point above the level of the top of the engine, success is assured, since the very laws of natural science demand that the water shall circulate properly. A pump adds considerably to the complications of the water-cooling arrangements, and is really not imperative save for the engine of a high or moderately high h.p. car.

The Thermo-syphon system is employed upon many small cars and voiturettes, and with these it proves per- fectly satisfactory, conditionally, of course, upwn the arrangement just mentioned. Obviously, therefore, it is quite suitable for a motor cycle. it may be added that the pipes and glands should be of large diameter in order that any possible cause of trouble shall be eliminated.

It is a little surprising, and sometimes extremely annoying as Well, to find how little provision has been made for the proper reception of tools, spare parts, inner tubes, &c., upon cars that in other respects are well equipped. A small locker under each of the tonneau seats is a great convenience. Spare tubes with the repairing outfit can be neatly tucked away in one of them out of sight, and, moreover, out of the proximity of a possibly leaky oilcan. Necessary spares can be carried in the toolbox which is usually situated under one of the front seats, so that the other locker can be utilised for oddments of luggage.

As it is not always possible to cram all the necessary tools into the somewhat minute space customarily pro- vided for the purpose, and it is uncomfortable for the passengers in the tonneau to be routed from their seats whilst a hunt for a screw-wrench of particular dimen- sions is in progress, it is a wonder more of the makers do not follow the device adopted on the new Decauville cars and utilize the small space between the arms of the two bucket seats in front, by forming it into a neat if irreplarly-shapd box. In this can be put the cotton waste, pliers, adjustable spanner, with any other small tool likely to be needed in the case of a roadside adjust- ment becoming necessary. A flap lid is fitted and the receptacle so devised and so very accessible and handy that it is a wonder some such plan is not oftener used.

There have been some bad cases of furious and reck- less driving lately reported—and not only reported, but proved beyond a doubt. Drivers cannot be too careful, even though they are assured that they have their cars under complete control, and anything like "cutting it fine" in over-taking or passing other vehicles on the road is to be condemned. The best driver living has no guarantee that his car will not side-slip, and when he insists upon "getting through" the traffic with an inch or so to spare on either side, he does not seem to reckon with the chances of a sudden skid. In such a case, if anyone were injured, he would undoubtedly be to blame. The side-slip itself cannot be absolfitely prevented; but he has no right to imperir the lives of other users of the road by taking what are really hazardous risks in traffic. He knows the possibilities—and the limitations —of the engine he controls, and, knowing them, it is sheer foolhardiness to assume the absence of the danger which he knows is always present.

The various routes to be followed by the competitor 3 in the forthcoming Small Car Trials have now been published, subj Pot to revision. Headquarters will be at Hereford, whence the daily trips will be made. Worcester, via Bromyard ; Ludlow, Ledbury, via Leominster; Staunton, Kingston, and, finally, the Ross district will all be visited in turn.

There isto be a timed hill-climb, if possible, each day, although some of the gradients selected will be really severe. Cars too, may be cleaned this year with- out any loss of marks resulting for the time so spent, so long as it does not exceed the limit allowed. There seems to have been a very general outcry against the dirty appearance of the vehicles which took part in the 1000 trials last year, although there was reason for the stipulation prohibiting cleaning unless marks were for- feited. Under guise of cleaning, a fisw cycle riders in the auto-cycle trials which had then just taken place were discovered to be making small adjustments to their machines, although by the rules this was strictly barred.

There is a growing feeling amongst automobilists that at least some of the money taken by the various district councils for the registration of cars, cycles, and drivers should be expended upon the main roads, both in the matter of improving their surfaces and also in treating them with some dust-laying preparation. In London alone almost 7,000 cars have been registered, and thiF is without counting the various contributions of £3 each which have been paid for manufacturer's dis- tinguishing marks.

A writer in a recent number of a trade paper gives it as his opinion that the most inconsiderate users of the road amongst motorists themselves are the drivers of small cars. It is odd how .personal experiences differ, for the great majority certainly consider that it is the drivers of large cars who are most in fault in this matter. Too many of them rely upon their speed as a protection from future trouble, knowing, as they do, that the pace at which they dash over crowded portions of the high road is almost certain to prevent their numbers being accurately taken in the event of any accident occurring through their method of driving.

The driver of the voiturette, on the other hand, Seems to be far more considerate in his progression. He usually keeps to his proper side of the road, slows down on taking a curve or a corner, and is infinitely more thoughtful in his treatment of horse traffic, eve° though stopping a single-cylinder engine may mean for him a good deal of trouble in starting it again later on. Moreover, it is noticeable that it is most often the driver of the small car who slows up on seeing another motorist stranded in distress, and asks whether he is i° need of assistance. The drivers of the large cars seldom% seem to be inclined to render this little courtesy to fellow motorist in temporary distress.

The reason of all this is not hard to find. More oftefl than not, and particularly at week-end outings, the drivers of the high h.p. ears are the salesmen end mechanics from the works, whose one idea is to let the car go" all out "—and boast afterwards of the record run made upon that particular occasion. The drivers of voiturettes are almost always amateurs driving their own vehicles; they have known trouble themselves, end,: as sportsmen, are always ready to proffer the help vatic' another may need.

1%•

===== 0002601_19040806_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
.tk

0 4., ' 121.7.

- ;

===== 0002601_19040806_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCCESSFUL CORPORATION UNDERTAKING.

Large Profit From the Gas Works.

Mr. W. S. HADDOCK (gas engineer) has presented hiS sixteenth annual report. The gas buildings and manu" facturing plant he says. have been kept in a good state of repair. The net profit of over £lO,OOO is the largest realized, and equal to over 6d. per 1,000 cu.ft, on the gas sold. The value of tar products has fallen consider- ably during the past year and is now very.weak. The sulphate of ammonia and coke prices are satisfactorY, and we may look forward to a good return from theei during the eoming year. The price of coals for the nesc year will be more favourable than last year. The o:ci tension of the lighting hours of the lamps has remov the numerous complaints prevalent twelve months age' The reduction of 3d. per thousand cubic feet made 00 gas sold out of the Borough will lead to further e°ll- - and ultimately increase our profits. ACO cession of 4d. per thousand to gas engine consumeZ running their engines 6 hours daily, placed gas in buf foremost position for the economical production power. The consumers by slot meter will receive increase of 3 cu.ft. per id., or equal to about 4d. 13e,d thousand cu.ft. provided the consumption is not 1e"0 than 6,000 per annum. The concessions made abe/t, will reduce our income about £1,500, which we exgreebe to recover through a more extended use of gas. increased make of gas is 16,801,000-1•5 per cent. 11Pe last year's production. it In a return showing makes and comsumption of psi!, is stated that the largest quantity sent out in one wvt was on December 23rd, 1903, when 1,930,400 cubic fee_ were consumed. The smallest quantity was sent out ,01' August 23rd when the consumption was only 426,3' cubic feet.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

A MONTH FOR GAME TRESPASS. At the Warrington County Petty Sessions, ~.,°"1 Wednesday, Frank Waterworth, Common-road Estr,i- town, was sentenced to a month's imprisonment having been found on land in the occupation William Berry at Newton for the purpose of ta1t,1:,;.• game.—Mr. Browne prosecuted on behalf of Lord )v". ton and said prisoner was found on the High Marsilt He had a rabbit net in his possession and another n close at hand. He admitted the offence but said he not done anything of the kind for the past eight yearS' IMPUDENT ROBBERY. At the Warrington County Petty Sessions 00 Wednesday, John WoOds and John Unsworth, collnrl! Broad-lane, Burtonwood, were charged with steal'.; from Thomas Price, fish hawker, Earlestown, two p_113,77 of kippers and 9d. in money at Collins Green.— evidence showed that the prisoners met the prose9atfle and asked what price his kippers were. Woods sayi. I would have a pair, and while prosecutor was Pvt.- them to him, Unsworth snatched another pair. Frg'„g cutor asked for payment, and be was getti'd the change for a shilling, when Woods knock% his money out of his hand, and also t°43'r his purse. They struggled together and prosecle managed to get the purse back. He followed tod. prisoners along the road and further struggles eosus attempts being made to rob the prosecutor of watch and purse. On reaching Burtonwood prisone'" were arrested.—They were sent to gaol for a month.

The Recent Earthquake at Warrington. ~ Mr. W. Stewart Royston!, writing in' The for this month says Some years ago, a 9?-she lady in Warrington was heard to exclaim that wished an earthquake would happen to liven thiog: up.' That young lady would have changed her 0°,15 had she gone through the same experievc° myself on Sunday, July 3rd. The disturbanca was almost similar to one which hapPe°Bi last year. It was about 3.25 that p.m. heard an unearthly rumbling sound, c 1 lowed by a rocking movement of the floor J- ,34130 shaking of the pictures hanging on the side ° wall facing the south. My personal feelint,cr _s scarcely be described,save to say that there aPPe''reh a momentary cessation of the flow of blood throuvej the veins and a sort of magnetic shock which lingrdo in the system for fully twenty-four hours after. 10 , not believe the most plucky individual can h0ne.5.6.0 make light of an earthquake, more especially if, 1t.0,0 true, as stated by a scientist, that, if the founomito of our country was to slip a fraction of an

cities and Owns would be-laid in ruins."

===== 0002601_19040806_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
isail%

,dIL

===== 0002601_19040806_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
at next to airs. Crombie, unfolded his serviette, and began his soup. Soon, however, some trivial incident caused the ice to be broken; and they began to talk of Cannes and the neighbourhood, tke beauty of the flowers, and the hotel arrangements, as is the way at table d' hole. Scion all three were chatting together as if they had known each other for weeks. And so it went on from day to day, the acquaintance ripening into friendship, and more than friendship on Lanyon's part for Pauline. Martin's Theatre was crowded to excess. I One evening they were taking coffee together on time. either in boxes, stalls, circles, nor pit, cculd an , balcony after dinner. The day had been a brilliant empty seat be found: The play—one of those , one, and Pauline had been driving since noon. The thought which have given so much' food for fresh air had given colour to her cheeks and added 'nought and discussion during the last few years-a- brightness to her eyes. She looked very lovely as as drawing to a close. The scene was a brilliant she leant back in her chair and trifled with her °ll,e, and had the audience in a state of tension. cup. She was wearing a dress of blue clinging cauline Garnett and her sister, Mrs. Crombie, material, and she had a bunch of sweet-smer.:ng rlAed about the middle of the stalls, had watched flowers'at her breast. Lanyon thought he had never "Le .play with unflagging interest, from the first seen so lovely a picture before. Even Pau3ne Taising of the curtain. Pauline, the younger sister, excelled herself in beauty this evening. aaat forward in her seat, her mind concentrated Mrs. Crombie rose and went to her room a a 11Pon the play, and quite unconscious of het book, and lianyonaind Pauline were alone Jae a latamediate surroundings. She sat perfectly still, aaomenta Lanyon' 3 eyes , rested upon the girl with 11,er hands clasped in her lap. A slight colour had entire satisfaction. Suddenly she looked up ane ttsen to her usually pale face, and her eyes glowed et his gaze. A bright flush overspread he With excitement. Several glasses had been levelled features. at her during the evening, for she was a striking "Mr. Lanyon, I feel sure I have seen pa; girl in the midst of maw beautiful women. Her before," said she. "You have haunted me eve: dark, almost black hair was coiled loosely upon since we came, but I cannot tell where I have seen her well-dm-aped head, and thrown into strong you." relief by the bright red gown she was wearing. "I remember you perfectly," he returned l'auline noticed none of them. She was accustomed quietly. "I believe you were at St. Martin'a to admiratien, and, though beautiful, was not in Theatre one evening about six weeks ago." the least vain. "Oh, yes, of course," said she, with some con. Sitting far back in one of the boxes, himself in fusion, as she remembered meeting his eyes on thal; Shadow, Robert lanyon had observed her quietly occasion. CI the evening. He had watched the soul working Mrs. Crombie returned and the conversation in her expressive face, noticed the pose of her head, became general. Neither of them cared to explain ,and the strained clasp of the hands. He watched to her about their previous meeting, if meeting it ner with a curious interest new to himself. Before could be called. eAnd yet there was no reason in the curtain dropped upon the last act, he had to the world why they should not have done so. acknowledge himself hopelessly in love with a I Two hours later Lanyon was engrossed in a news- , roman to whom he had never spoken. Robert paper which had been brought in by the post some ;LA nyon, travelled man of the world as he was, time before. He was almost hidden behind the 'Knew that this woman was more to him than all sheets, and was the only man in the smoking-room. the women he had ever met in his somewhat exten- I Presently two men came into the room, sat down, live experience. and, taking no notice of him, began to smoke and As the curtain fell, Pauline heaved a long sigh, chat. They talked away of many subjects for some flat back in her chair, and began to draw on her time. Lanyon finished what he was reading, and Wraps. In doing so, she turned, and, raising her was about to fold up the paper when a name pro- fane, looked up straight into that of Robert La.nyon, t nounced rather quietly struck his ear. Who had moved forward in the box. Their eyes "Yes, I met them at Nice some days ago," said 'net for just one moment; then the girl turned, the elder of the two men, "and, curiously enough, fastened the clasp of her cloak, and followed her, there was a fellow in the hotel who crossed with Sister froth the theatre. They stepped into a them from Rio six months ago. He told me a tansom, and drove quickly away. Next _morning good deal about the sisters. Mrs. Crombie has been 'a auntie Garnett and her sister started for a cruise a widow some years, and is a general favourite. In the Mediterranean. They are •both happily possessed of ample means. , Lanyon returned to his hotel, retired at once to It is a wonder so fine a woman should not re- room, but lay for hours sleepless, wondering marry," he added, reflectively, as he lighted a fresh flow he could find the woman who had captivated cigar. "The younger sister is to be married and, when found, get an introduction to her. in the autumn," he said; "her fiancé, a fine-looking Ile devised one plan .and then another, only to fellow, saw them off from South America." Pass them over as useless. At length he fell into a Lanyon waited to hear no more. He felt like - troubled sleep, and dreamt he was fallowing one stunned. Folding his paper mechanically he Pauline somewhere int the Arctic regions. but that walked out of the room, that one sentence ringing she had always disappeared mysteriously at the maddeningly in his ears. "Her fiance, a fine- an:anent when he was about to come up with her. looking fellow," fifer and over it repeated itself Lanyon had been called to the Bar some years as he walked abou ike one in a dream. He retired before time date when the story opens. He never to his room, but only to walk restlessly to and fro. Practised, as he had no strong leaning towards his At length, drawing it Sheet of paper from his case, Profession, and had only adopted it in deference he wrote a short note to Mrs. Crombie making his to the a ishes of his father. The elder Lanyon excuses for not joining her in an excursion planned having been dead now some half-dozen years, for the following day. He lied, lie said, been called Robert lsd inherited his carefully hoarded fortune, home upon urgent business. This done, he packed The son hada% turn for science, and in pursuit of up all his belongings, and before the ladies came it had travelled for several years. He was now down to late breakfast he was many miles away in staying in town a few months before starting upon the northern express. He lay back in the corner aI expedition in South America. He was a man lof a first-class carriage, watching the scenery as it much determination, and usually not given to flew swiftly by, his uncut boa upon his knee. Ikea upon impulse. The phase of mind in which he "Fool that.l was," he muttered to himself, "ever l`low found himself was altogether unknown to him to have thought of it. As if a woman of her stamp "—an experience through which he had never before would be without a lover. And to think that I Passed, but one none the less real. even fancied that she was beginning to care for me. ; As he sat at breakfast, next morning, somewhat Well, I suppose it's my luck; but I would have listlessly turning over the Times, he was recalled loved her with the passion of my whole nature. I. to himself by the cheery voice of his old friend, would have been true as steel. I will be off to Saintsbury. South America before many weeks have passed," he. "Good-morning, old fellow," said he. "I have resolved, "and try what hard work will do for Me.* Come over to look you up. I felt sure I should find Mrs. Crombie received Lanyon's note with her You here in your old quarters; saw you laat night letters, and opened it over the breakfast-table. at St. Martin s, you know, though I could not for "Why, Mr. Lanyon's gone," exclaimed she. the life of me catch your eye." "Gone ? " repeated her sister, somewhat blankly. "Sorry I didn't see you," said Lanyon, making "Yes," said Kate, handing his note for Pauline room for his friend. "Have you breakfasted?" to read. "I think you must have done something "Yes, thanks," returned he, with a laugh. "We to offend him, Pauline, for lam sure he never are not all able to do as we like with our time. I dreamt of leaving last evening, when we were nave a long day in front of me; but I thought I chatting together. might miss my bird of passage if I did not look "He says urgent business has called him away, him up at once." - and I don't see why we should not believe him." , They chatted on for some time of old scenes, old "I don't believe it," said Kate, somewhat friends, &c. Then Saintsbury rose to leave. tartly.. "I don't think business had anything to do ' You will dine with me this evening then ?" be with nis going. I believe you have been flirting said. "Seven-thirty sharp, and don't be late. By with him, Pauline." the bye, Lanyon, did you notice that fine woman "You know I never do flirt," said Pauline, with L n the stalls last night ?" decision, "and I could not have done so with Robert "I noticed several beautiful women last night," Lanyon had I tried ever so." laid Lanyon, somewhat shortly. "And why not?" asked Mrs. Crombie, as she "Of course," said his friend; "but I mean the helped herself to a fresh piece of toast. one in red. An unusual kind of girl, you know." But Pauline did not answer the question. She "I did see a lady in red, now I come to think was engaged with her letters, though she had tc of it," said Lanyon. "Well, good-bye, old fellow, confess to herself afterwards that she had not will be with you at 7.30 without fail." • grasped the meaning of any of them. Alone in her • Dinner over in Queen's-gate, Lanyon and Saints- room she pondered the matter over for long, bury were quietly smoking their cigars together recalling every word she had said to Lanyon the When Saintsbury suddenly burst forth: night before, but in nothing could she find reason "0 Lanyon, I have discovered the netne of the for any annoyance on his part. "It must be some- lady en red ! " thing altogether unconnected with us," she said at "Indeed," said Lanyon, quietly, knocking off length, dreamily "And yet, why did he not wait the ash from his cigar. to say good-bye ? I wish that. I had never, never "Her name is Garnett. She and her sister, Mrs. seen him," she said, bitterly. Crombie, who is a widow, have come over from Lanyon stayed two days in Paris transacting South America, where they have been brought up, certain business matters, and then returned to and have now been in England some months. They London, where he was much occupied during the are going to travel, I hear, before leaving the following three weeks. He had many people to country for good." see and arrangements to make, for he expected to "You seem somewhat curious about these ladies," be away many months, possibly even two or three Said Robert. "Perhaps you have found out their years. At length all was done. The last visit Present abode," said he, with a slight inclination paid, the last travelling case strapped anr, and he, to sarcasm, with his many portmanteaux, was on his way to "Well, Ido happen to know that. they are living Southampton to catch his boat. The Orma started at No. 5, Chester-terrace—at least, so my old aunt from London, but called to pick up passengers at says: and trust her for ferreting out anything." Southampton. Lanyon made a mental note, and then. changed Lanyon had given himself as little time for the subject. Next morning he strolled round by thought as possible during the last three weeks, but Chester-terrace; but, to his surprise, found a board now a long stretch of leisure lay before him which attached to the front of the house with "To Let— he contemplated with no satisfaction. Pauline's

(CoPYrtglie.)

Furnished " painted upon it in large letters. Seeing him reading the board and then glancing over the front of the house, a caretaker ran up the area- ateps, and invited him to come in and "view the Premises." Without any motive for so doing, he followed her in, and went from room to room, whilst she enlarged upon the superior advantages to be found in No. 5. "Two ladies only left yesterday," she said, "and two nicer ladies you wouldn't find in a day's march. They behaved that handsome to me for the little things I was able to do for them. I was Sorry to see them go," she said, with a snivel. "But there! bless their 'earts, they've gone to some beautiful place where the sun shines all through the winter, and that's more than it does in London, I'm sure." "Do you remember the name of the place where the sun is always shining?" said Lanyon, as he Placed a piece of coin in the ever-ready fingers. "Well, I don't rightly for the moment, sir; but as near as I can come at it, it was Pan." "Pan," repeated Lanyon ; "I never heard of such a place." " Well, sir, I may be wrong—my memory's not over good; but they left me their direction on a Paper, so as if any letters came." She took out an old purse from an under pocket, and began to fumble amongst its contents. At last she drew out half a sheet of note-paper, unwrapped it, and handed it to him. Upon it he read,,in a Clear, firm hand: "Address all letters to Queen's hotel, Cannes." Wishing the old woman a hasty "Good-day," :pnyon walked out of the house, and returned to hotel. Flinging himself down in an easy-chair, AO took out his cigar-case, chose and lighted a 4:gar, and ?T..ve himself up to thought. Robert ianyon was a man of decision. The following morning found him in the Dover express en route for Cannes. He thought nothing of the journey, so used was he to be constantly on the Move. He had, too, that happy knack of settling easily down wherever he found himself, always providing that things were "fairly comfortable," as 4e expressed it. Arriving at Cannes, he drove to the hotel, the name of which he had carefully noted, and pre- Pared himself to stay for the next two .months if necessary. And so he waited, and the days passed by and became weeks; and he grew weary of having nothing to do, but he never faltered one moment in his purpose. See that woman he wluld before Ile returned home. At length one evening he came VI, after a long day's ramble, dressed in haste—for 'le was somewhat late—and walked into the dining- -1;00112. To his surprise and infinite delight, he I°und Mrs. Crombie and P.- nline Garnett seated, calmly eating their dinner. As luck would have it, they had taken their places :iext to the one he had cecupied since first he came. Overjoyed at the °Dnortunitv this gave him, he leisurely took his

image was far too constantly before his mental vision. First, as she appeared in the theatre, and again as he last saw her on the ever memorable evening at Cannes. He would dream on half- unconsciously for some time, then 'remember that he was on a track of thought which he had decided to resist, and with a mental shake would take up books or papers and so turn his attention to other things. He did not, however, find it easy to keep clear of the forbidden ground. Upon reaching Southampton he went immediately on board, and going below began to settle all things in his state-room before the starting of the i vessel. Having arranged things ship-shape, and feeling the first thud of the engine, he went on ' deok and stood by the taff-rail as the Orma made her way down Southampton Water. Be felt wonderfully lonely, much more so than he had ever felt before when leaving England. Ho knew that he was now taking the final step in removing himself out of the path of the woman he loved. For he did love her in spite of everything. No amount of schooling had had any effect in changing his feelings towards Pauline. She was the one woman in the world for him, and yet she belonged to another. He felt that as a man of honour he had done the only thing possible. To live in Pauline's presence for any length of time and not confess his love was, for him, an impossibility. Few passengers were down for dinner that evening. The vessel havina reached the open Channel had to resist the fill force of the wind, and there was promise of a nasty night. Lanyon, being an old sailor, felt no discon.fort in the way of sea-sickness; but it was unpleasant on deck and he turned in early. He was fortunate in having a state-room to himself, as the boat was not carrying her full number of passengers. It was a wild night, but he slept comfortably, and was surprised upon waking early to find a bright; clear morning. Be rose, and was out on deck in good time He felt better already. The sea always suited him and seemed to blow the cobwebs from his brain. The sun shone brightly by ten o'clock and gave promise of a fine, if not very calm day. Gradually the passengers began to appear upon deck. Chairs were placed in all the most comfortable part the ship, and things began to look generally rwve cheerful. Lanyon was promenading slowly up kmd down the deck, taking care not to stumble aga:,..,it the long chairs in his passage to and fro. • Suddenly the ship gave a lurch and threw him • against one of the chairs in which a lady was sitting. She was wrapped up in rugs and , shawls, and being sheltered, from the wind by an umbrella, it was next to impossible to get a sight of • her. Lanyon, however, was, of necessity, most i unceremonious. To save himself from -falling on : the top of the umbrella he laid hold of her chair arm and so managed to steer himself into an empty • seat close by. By this means he came on a level

===== 0002601_19040806_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
ROBERT LANYON'S MISTAKE.

By SHIRLEY RAYNARD, Author of "Under the Holly," "A Thorn in the Tyre," "The Ghost of the West Wing," &e.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
r hand, ression. , slows tfinitely c, even Lean for Ater ofl. Len the another he is in seldom ,sy to

re of tea lgs, the, len a.,_eu let tee ) record driver ng their res, ant p which

nted his I man'l'. od state 3 larges on the ensider- tk. The ;factory, the' the ut?! The ef; remove,. Iths age' made en -Ler C°ll-

A CO nsumers s in Oaf lotion 0 )ceive t 4d. Pv" not le° a.130/e exPecV As. _ll nt. UP'

of gaß'? one 61' tibia feet it out 011 426,0)

ions, °11.! Bales , for neat Law) f toP". ord Nesc Marshes. )ther vral Id he 110' ht yearS°

3ions 00 , collier* steal. two Polr9 - roseate said he s giVll3g, !. ?VS.'S° gettingd k ocke , toOIC IsoseciltOr ITO 1,0 "vad t" ensool* 5 c his )r 01 era prison nonth.

Igton. yoult that en thing: I her t 1,13, ;rienee 3: sturbanl. hapPelle I

that, I Id, '`).-(1 r u 00• „be de lings r'ea aPPea d t r°ll- cl linger° T do tet.r. n;Stll o Uy - be it buttucci r inch, 011

===== 0002601_19040806_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
with the occupant of me chair and at the right side of the umbrella.

"I beg your pardon, I'm sure," said.he, but with some confusion.

Then she turned and looked into his face when, to his surprise, he beheld Pauline. "31. r. Lanyon,' said she, somewhat stiffly, "I had no idea you were on board." - "Our meeting is an equal surprise to me," re- turned Lanyon. "I quite thought you were still at Cannes."

"We were surprised to find you had left Cannes so suddenly," she said, coldly. "I hope you reached England in time for the important business you mentioned in your note to my sister ? " "Yes, thank you," said he. "I hope your sister is well. Is she travelling with you ?"

"I expect her on deck any moment. She is not the best of sailors, and has not had an over good night." Hardly were the words out of her mouth when Mrs. Crombie appcared, and Lanyon rose to allow her to take his chair. _

"Well, this is a surprise !" said she, as she recognised Lanyon. "Whatever made you run away from Cannes in that hurry ? " lie was relieved from answering this somewhat pointed question by another great lurch on the part of the ship which sent him spinning down to the rail. When he had recovered himself, and helped Mrs. Crombie with her various rugs &c., she seemed to have forgotten that she had asked it. They talked on for some minutes, and then Lanyon resumed his promenade; but he took it now on tho other side of the deck. _

- "The fates are against me," he said to himself. "I would have kept out of that woman's way, had it been possible; but here we are thrown together, and on a boat where we must meet. I could almost have sworn I saw pleasure in her face when she first recognised me, in spite of her cold manner. Well, the only way is to be with them as little as politeness will admit of. It is my only chance of not betraying myself." Mrs. Crombie, however, being an energetic little woman, and not fond of mystery, meant to get to the bottom of this one at the earliest opportunity. She said nothing about it to her sister; but she intended to learn before many hours had elapsed what had taken Lanynn away from Cannes. He, in spite of his resolve, found himself constantly in the company of the two ladies. Mrs. Crombie, in particular, seemed always ready for a chat, and her sister did not avoid him, though she continued her somewhat reserved manner.

One day, towards the end of their first week at sea, Mrs. Crombie and Lanyon were walking up and down the deck together. They had talked of one subject and then another. Mrs. Crombie had been speaking of England, and saying how much they had enjoyed their stay there. She referred casually to the pleasant trip they had had in the South of Europe. "My sister was not at all pleased about my insisting upon our returning home now," she said. "I believe she would gradly have gone back to England for at least six months more; but I felt that I must be back. She is a perfectly free agent; but I—well, perhaps Pauline has told you, Mr. Lanyon, that I am to be married directly we arrive at home."

" You ? " exclaimed Lanyon, with surprise. "I beg your pardon, Mrs. Crombie. I did not mean to imply that there was anything extraordinary in that; but I understood it was your sister who was engaged to be married." _

"Pauline," said Mrs. Crombie, laughing. "No, I am afraid there is no man suitable for her—at least, she fails to find one to her liking amongst her many admirers." Shortly afterwards she went below, smiling to herself. She knew she had discovered the secret of Lanyon's hasty retreat from Cannes. The evening was closing in, and Pauline, who had been reading on deck for some time, shut her book as the light failed her. Mrs. Crombie, who felt the cold, had not returned; and Pauline was preparing' to go below when she found Lanyon standing beside her. "You look colfl, Miss Garnett," said he, taking her rugs from her. "You had better walk for ten minutes before going down." Pauline hesitated for a moment, and then, as she did really feel chilly, decided that walking was the best thing to do. They paced up and down for some time in the gathering twilight, and then went astern to watch the track on the water left by the course of the vessel. _ _

- "Miss Garnett, I want you to know why I left Cannes," said Lanyon, turning to look into rauline's face. _ _ _

_ " You told us at the time, if I remember rightly," saiA Pauline, coldly. "I'm afraid I told you what was not exactly the truth," said he. "I left because I heard that you were engaged to be married; and I could not' bear to look at you, and think of .you as belonging to another man."

Light began to dawn upon Pauline, and joy welled up in her aching heart. "Pauline, I love you dearly," said he, tenderly. "Will you be my wife ? " Pauline's answer did not consist of many words; but it seemed perfectly satisfactory to Lanyon, short as it was, for he folded her in his arms, there in the darkness, and pressed kiss after kiss upon her lovely lips. _

[THE END.]

===== 0002601_19040806_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
BANK HOLIDAY AFTERMATH.

Pawnbrokers and their Customers.

A corresPondent of the "Daily News" visited several pawnbrokers in the poorer parts of London and ascertained that Bank Holiday had depleted the savings of the people to an alarming extent, with the result that the pawnbrokers were busier than ever. In South London one of them said that he had dealt with 225 clients from the time he opened on Tuesday at 9 o'clock until 12.30. Of thearticles pledged, Sunday clothes came easily first. The 225 pledges mentioned included :- 54 Sunday suits. 10 Bicycles. 53 Pairs of trousers.

41 Coats and waistcoats (together). 18 Coats. 16 Watches. 10 Rings. The remainder of the pledges consisted of articles of household linen and furniture. Inquiries further afield showed that even in a thickly populated district 225 is an extraordinarily large num- ber of clients to receive after a Bank Holiday. At Brentford, for instance, which is a busy centre,one pawnbroker had only 84 " visitors " up till three o'clock; but," he said," I shall be busy enough this evening, for what money my class of customers have will begone by then." / Great ingenGity was shown in order to persuade the pawnbroker to increase his loan. One man of respect- able appearance earnestly begged for 15s. onhis watch, because (he said) he had received some good information about a horse for a certain race,and he wanted to "pill. on 7s. 6d. each way." The horse he mentioned, it may be remarked, ran nowhere." Pleas came from those who had friends locked up for indiscretions overnight. "I know he'll be lined ten bob by the old man," said a buxom wife at Chisvvick, " and if you don't lend me seven and a tanner on this (a substantial-looking clock) I can't make it up." The excuses for pawning goods were summed up by the various proprietors thus : To pay fines for being drunk. To continue, the Bank Iloliday.for another day. To back " certs."

To procure liveners." To square an aquaintance for " bashing " him over- night and avoiding the police court. To repay debts incurred on Monday—chiefly cards. To carry on until next pay-day.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
COTTON OPERATIVES SAVINGS. Affected by Short Time.

Short time has been in operation at Oldham for ten months, affecting about 30,000 operatives, and the total loss in wages has averaged about £lO,OOO per week. It has been-arranged that short time, which began in June last year, shall continue to the end of the present month, when the total loss in wages from that cause will be £500,000, or about as. Bd. per operative per week. The reduction in the wages bill of an average mill, owing to short time, does not exceed £BO a week. The condition of the trade during the past twelve months has undoubtealv had an effect on the savings clubs, and it is expected that the disbursements at Oldham Wakes, which begin on the last Saturaay in August. will be some thousands of pounds less than those of former years. As an illustration, it may be pointed out that the wakes of Royton, in the Oldham Parliamentary borough commence this week-end, and the total sum paid out from the savings clubs has been £9,000, against nearly £12,000 last August.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
FOREIGN VIEW OF THE LANCASHIRE OPERATIVE.

Continental textile papers this week devote consider- able attention to the holiday funds raised in Lancashire. "Undoubtedly the cotton operatives in the weaving and spinning, and kindred industries," says the report, "are the aristocracy of labour. They have realised for some time that it is necessary not only for the iron but for the human machine to be from time to time oiled in order to do its work well. When will the Austrian textile workers beable to have such holidays?"

'• As A SAFE. PERMANENT. AND WARRANTED CURE FOR crofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs,,kin, and Blood Disease imples and Sores of all kinds, we can with tconfidence re ommend Cbirke's Woild-farned Blood Mix ure. "It is ettainly tbe finest B locd Purifier that science and medics' chill have brought to light." Thousands ~t Testimonials Sold everwbere, at 2s; 9d. per bottle. neware of worthless mitatiop .and substitutes.—Advt 3,

CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in Pithe sex, all acquired or constitutional discharges from the Urinary Organs. Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s, 6d each, of all chemists aud Patent Medhine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— Advt.

FLORILINE I—FOR THE TEETH AND BEEAI H.—Thorr ughlY cleanses the teeth from all paraeites or impurities. be,rde the gums, prevents tartar, mops decay. and gives to t`i teeth a peculiar peitrly whiteness and a delightful fragranc. to the breath. Price 2e. 6d. for the liquid, or le. per jar for the Florifine "_Powder," of all chemists and Perlumere,— Ad vt.

VALUABLE IDUCuVERY Fril TER HAIR.--If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MKXICAN HAIR ILENEWER, for it will positively restore. in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, RS I%ell Dromoting the o,l•3wtn. Price 38..' bottle.—

To Moil:mils. _Jr.. WINSLOW's soothing dyrup Das oeen used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their chil- dren wnile teething.with perfect success. It win relieve th• poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; ano produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button." all Chemi.ts is. lid per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
C RIZ

Y'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered Zio. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN ARCHED.

sea in the Royal Laundries. Shouiri he used in every house. Once tiied, always wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEVI

greatest hoon-We-r-o—ffered to the Laundress for

Imparting an Ivory frinTellt-o—slarched Linen.Laces.eto It does not stick to rpider-web-likemat9rials. Sold everywhere in Packets at Id., 3d.. and 6d.. each. PREP A RED ONLY Br

T. eßiTenLEif.,- -eiie-m-fg-t, BLACKBURN 7, Winter ~re trett, London, MX.

'CHLE. „.t - ST U ihe

===== 0002601_19040806_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
,

E

C

H

- ~

, . '.c.No.' i' t

I

:,

L

S

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

• t A ft

.

' :

===== 0002601_19040806_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
. .

Possess the following qualities in a high degree : . They STRENGTHEN the STOMACH They REGULATE the BOWELS They PURIFY and ENRICH the BLOOD They give TONE to the whole NERVOUS SYSTE BEECHAM'S PILLS coic origin,ntainbutdarruegpof rlryi.inveergaleta7lemetallr .. beneficent and sure.

They will restore you to health it you give them a chance.

BEECHAM'S PILLS have ever enjoyed the confidence of Ladles for the ailments peculiar to their sex.

Sold Everywhere in Boxes, price le. lid. (56 pills) and 2e. 9d. (i6B Pills) with lull directions.

Eitablished l8;5.

Tell prone, 1124.

Bank(rs, LLOYD'S.

Inspection luvited.

Correspcn- dence

Suli cit e!.

UMW

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

English and Forell2,n Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding Speciality. Largest stock of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BOOK. 160 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTER OF OLASS• GLASS STOCK LISTS FREE ON APPLICATION.

H. MORELL, 171 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON, W.C. - Warehouses : 11, 12:and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street,

in the resr). Telegraphic Address: —" Rabbitry, London." TPlephone 6135 Uenrr a ncorporated

"hames Nautical "raining College H.M.S. "WORCESTER." Ott Greenhithe, Kent.

:donates Boys for Officers I the Merchant Service. Naval Cadetship, granted annually and appointments to R.N.R.

Tins, 3d- cd. & ii,„,

)Iy W. M. BULLIYANT, Hort. Sec. 72, Mark Lane, London. E.C.

WASHING AT HOME. BRADFORD'S " VOWEL XLIIN Wanking. Wriaginem an& Illaingllng /1114311.11*

SAVE TIME,

Bicycle

have any idea of the full joys of Cycling. Catalogue and booklet free. Premier Cycle Co. Ltd.. Coventry. I W. • •4111HW"1', NORTH RD, F. W• COOK, ALBRHT RD. J. GARLAND, BRIDGIi T.

Agent 3 everywhere. RuscoHN : ST. HELYNS : WIDNES: WARRINGTON :

SAVE LABOUR. and SAVE THE CLOTHES. Writs for Catalsrus, jos, fres oos athibeatiors. THOMAS BRADFORD A 00., 140, 141, and 142, than HOLBORN, Lozczrox • ViCroll4l Avaxua, DZANSGATIL, MANCHESTER; 33e, BLD4rnmaart, LIVIRPOOL: CRISCRNT IRON Woaka, Sa;avaa.

- - - '-"---...A,-71157,',1.,„1.-ki„ - - ---;—.--z-'4.'i("7-.,..777\:!•-.,:,,v,"':,;--,':,\`•,,,v,,,' fri,/ •,-? '.'•,,, co. , ',i' i—l .4 . '' `'''' - . . _ ._ i) ',. 1 „,,,,,-.opie•-w ~.,...t..-.: .., ,r__:),-1.,.._,,, . ~, ~ , , :._ , , ~.--,-.„-,.,1:„.„2„7„•---.0„4. r, „if4,\ll4E p 0 Q i 4 , _--- -" .-- C 61-I 7-i-i's' . ;.*,,:;,,. ~`, . s IN,CE:S, ..,.„- --, • _

~ is , , ri \7os4 Nr 0 ...,A '1 • I 1"41 I. .ft ;4;. E t1,....wa w el i.; , • • 4'l" '••••/ s , A :it.9 itt -1:- , ‘ F..,‘tittivoßcEsrEß PPI -- „

. •

===== 0002601_19040806_art0130.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
!Id - 11, , >, ,

1 • 1' $4 , t,' . . • 1

===== 0002601_19040806_art0132.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
' 1,

===== 0002601_19040806_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

Stockton Heath and Warrington Light

Railvi ays.

Sir,—l am not at all surprised that Mr. Westbrook is anxious to hate a rest from his labours of the past few weeks. A mental diet of law,seilkand ghosts, on which he feasted during his last effusion, is enosigh to upset anyone, and that he was mentally upset was shown by the tone he adopted. 1. hope, however, that while he is recruiting he will consider whether it would not be -wiser in future to drop the policy of obstruction, of -which he has been such a strenuous advocate in the past, and adopt in its place a progressive one, so that some- thing tangible may be achieved. To "grasp at shadows and miss thesnbstance" is a weary task and this the advocates of obstructien in Stockton Heath, much to their chagrin and sorrow, have found out, for in "grasp- ing at the shadow of a reduction of 3d. in gas in exchange for the substance of electric light," theyhave lost both.—Yonrs truly,

E. ENGLAND.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
A Neglected Antiquity.

Si r,—l have SOM9 little respect for "ancient land- I arks" or places of historic interest. Two yell-a ago I ook a pilgrimage to "St. Ossvald's Well" at Winwick, having as a companion, a Yorkshireantiquarian. I need hardly say we found the surroundings of this old relic, very filthy indeed, and in a seriously neglected condi- tion. Verbal references to this state of affairs appear to have had no good effect, as our 'visit last Satur- day shows. I therefore beg to enclose copy of a resolution unani- monsly adopted by the party of "Guilders," and trust this public notice may have the designed and desired effect. I should also like to learn from some one of your readers who may be "in the know" how or when the public footpath leading to "Prince Rupert's Well' has been closed.—Thanking you in anticipation sincerely yours,

GEORGE CLARKE.

46, King-street, Earlestown.

_ [COPY OF RESOLUTION.] We, members of the Earlestown "Wesley Guild," do hereby express our deep regret to find this once noted and historic shrine "St. Oswald's Well " in such a sad state of neglect, and trust this public notice may lead 'to some local authority giving that care and attention i to this once sacred spot, it s certainly entitled to receive.—On behalf of the members, Signed GEORGE CLARKE (Conductor.)

An Illegal Birching. Sir,—Replying to Sir W. Foster on July 21st, the Home Secretary admitted that a boy n 'mod Heekes was •recently birched by the police—on their own sole responsibility—as an alternative to being charged with theft. "The action of the police superintendent in birching the boy," said Mr. Akers-Douglas, "was clearly most improper, and I am glad to find that the Chief Constable takes a very serious view of his misconduct." We too, are extremely glad to learn that the Home Secretary is at last awaking to the fact that these "extra-judicial" birchings (illegal we should prefer to call them) are a very serious matter indeed, and none the less so because the pretence is always made that the boy is flogged in ordet to save him from imprisonment. But is it, afterall, very surprising that the police should new take upon themselves to birch boys under this flimsy pretence of humanity, when they have for several years seen magistrates not only evading the law in the same manner, but allowed to do so by the Home Office? We have again and again drawn the Home Secretary's attention to cases where magistrats have grossly exceeded their powers by cajoling the parents of youthful culprits into allowing them to be birched for offences which are not legally liable to that punish- ment; but Hr. Akers-Douglas has done his utmost to screen and abet this illegality. He is now discovering that illegality, when once tolerated in high places, has a way of spreading downwards; and we have this scandal- ous instance of a police superintendent—in reliance upon the example set by magistrates and condoned by the Home Oflice—infliciing corporal punishment at his own sweet will. We are getting on !—r am,yours faithfully, JOSEPH COLLINSON. Humanitarian League, 53, Chancery-lane, London, 'August, 1904.

Rev. H. Dunnico and His Critics. • With your permission I will in accordance with my promise continue my letter, the former part of which appeared in last week's issue. So many and varied have been the subjects totiched upon in this controversy that the primary and original question "The aims and objects of the Social Service League" has almost been lost to sight. In lieu of that, your readers have been treated to an exuberant outburst of fictitious facts and fabricated doctrines upon which thelndependent Labour Party is supposed to be based. If the I.L.P. is all that its adherents claim it to be,then I for one cannot under- stand its blind and unreasoning fury against all political parties other than its own and against all persons who are unableto utter its particular "shibboleth." Such bigoted hostility can have but one result, it will alienate the sympathy and help of those whose co-operation, it, above all parties, can ill afford to ignore and it will obscure,even if it does not fatally destroy,the truth and patriotiem I am not unwilling to admit it possesses in no small degree. Now" P. 8." plies me with so many questions of one sort or another and with such audacity that I am some- what perplexed as to her motive in asking them. More- over one looks in vain for the smallest element of that virtue always associated with the sex to which she 'belongs. These people Mr. Editor are turning the world upside 'down. Only last week an unattached "hanger on" had the audacity to question your "sublime -editorial consideration" and now a fully fledged member •of this militant party has ridden rough-shod over all those supernatural prerogatives identified for centuries with the "profession" of . which I happen to be a humble member,and not only has she captured the "confessional box" but also she has instabled herself "Father—T beg your pardon "—"Mother confessor" and has taken to 'herself the right to probe the secrets of the human mind. As a rule I have not any aversion to answering ques- tions, but your correspondent persists in asking them after the fashion of Sergeant Bnzfuz as though she expected to get her witness committed for contempt of court if he should decline to answer questions which in his opinion are either irrelevant, ridiculous or insolent. For instance take such a question as the following as a type of the rediculous. In her first letter "P. 8. writes as follows—"I have heard the Rev. H. Minnie.) and some of his supporters declare themselves to be Socialists, he himself taking active part in their meetings. This being so, why do we find him working strenuously in the Liberal cause? Is it possible for a man to be a true Liberal and a true Socialist at one and the same time ?" The profundity of such a question is appalling. However, let us con- sider it. In the first place, what is Socialism ? Clear ideas are always necessary to intelligent discussion, but clear ideas are considered trivial matters by correspon- dents" who have a deep sense of the sacredness of their cause." "P. 8. uses the words "Socialist" and "Socialism" as though they conveyed the simplest of ideas, but notwithstanding her glibness, I challenge her, as I have challenged her in a previous letter to-define •the terms, and until she does so it would be wiser on her part, to eliminate the phrase "shirking the point " from future fulminations. It has not been possible even by the aid of long dissertations to discover even the paternity of the word; still less has any sacceeded in fixing the exact signification of the t rms. But sir, is not every man who gives his attention to social questions and desires the ameliora- tion of snciety,at liberty to call himself a Socialist? In my opinion he is, and even" P. B. " darenot say that he is not. Now will your consistent and logical and broad minded correspondent point out wherein a Social- ist is prevented from allying himself with any party, which in his honest opinian is seeking to promote that end. I await her answer and perhaps she will answer her own question for the benefit of yolir readers. Take another question quite in keep- ing with the rest.. In another letter " P. 13." states "I see no necessity for Mr. Dunnico to qualify himself to be what everyone else took him to be—' a Christian Socialist '—but does Mr. Dunnico infer that Socialists are not Christians; if so, he is greatly mistaken in snits of his logic." Now a few weeks ago I asked "P. 8. to give a definition of Socialism as advocated by the I.L.P. (and it must net be forgotten that it is Inde- pendent Labour Party Socialism we are now discussing). She declined with that becoming modesty so typical of 'inability, but recommended ine to put the ques- tion to "their lecturers and chairman." Well, the question was put to Councillor Stott, and as he is considered capable of representing the party in our Town Council, I assume he is capable of stating their belief. Well, Councillor Stott deliber- ately stated in the presence of a large crowd that " Jesus Christ was not a Socialist awl that the Socialism advocated and taught by the T.L.P. is not based upon the teachings of Jesus." Could lac. have stated more clearly that the Socialism of Jesus is not the Socialism of the 1.L.P.? "P.B. 's" patter about Christian and non- Christian Socialism is mere cant, and reveals in the most striking manner that either Councillor Stott or "P.B."is ignorant of the principles of the party they pro- fess to below,* to. But that is a matter they will prob- ably be able to settle amongst themselves at their "meetings held each Monday night in Corporation-st." I regret Mr. Editor that I am compelled to omit much that I had intended saying, but in the course of a week or so I may perhaps be allowed to give further evidence in support of every state-sent and accusation I have made. Tn the meantime T commend the two questions raised as being worthy of a straight answer and I would also suggest that it would be as well if these eminent, political guides were to ascertain what they really do believe before bewildering our minds with their dis- cordant and contradictory statementa.—Very sincerely yours, HERBERT DUNNICO. Shrewsbury, Shropshire.

Sir,—l also regret having to ask for further space in which to finish a worthless and profitless discussion end were it not for the fact that it gives me the opportunity of exposing a number of false statements made by the Rev. Herbert Dunnleo I should sot trouble to write.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 6, 1904

to him thought he could say anything he liked. He is 1- am a reader of Miss Marie Correlli's works, if not a mistaken; whether Mr. Minnie() is friead or foe I disciple, but I should prefer to be one of her disciples shall always say what I think, let it please or displease rather than a disciple of Louis De Rougemont. and I shall always try to hit straight. In the first place let me state that I have no personal Ido not ' attack Mr. Dunnico's character but lam animosity against Mr. Dunnico and should only be too bound to defend myself from his personalities. How a pleased to stand shoulder to shoulder with him in any Christian minister can stoop to such despicable means cause tangible, that would elevate the working class of to lower an opponent Ido not know,although Christians which I form a unit. Warrington has need of such a can sometimes do some very questionable things. I man and I should be one of the first to shout ." well bear no ill-will against Mr. Dunnico and in fact he and done" but do let the cause be devoid of politics. I have had some enjoyable conversations together but And now to some of the De Rongemont statements. as I have told his wife, himself and others as a private I am not a member of any clique formed with the person he is all that can be desired, as a public person intention to attack Mr. Dunnico nor do I know "P. B." he seems a different being altogether,—illogical, incon- " Iona" or the gentleman who recently attacked the sistant, narrow and mean. rev, gentleman on thequestion of "Social Brotherhoods." , Mr, Minnie() I think ought to apllogise, or bring I make this statement without fear of contradiction evidence that I may be found frequently at a low music and if Mr. Dunnico wrote his letter from informa- hall. tion received lam afraid it could not be " official." I have been at Mr. Dunnico's house tima and again—l The story of the letter our friend' received (?) from ' wonder whether he thought he was receiving me as a "Protestant" is hardly worth repudiation. We will , sinner." Perhaps he did—who knows? let it pass with one line. Just to deal with the last I In conclusion Mr. Dunnico would not be justified in mistake under at least a dozen noms de pltme "as I! publishing the names of his critics, for that matter sir, have stated before I have nothing whatever to do with neither would you. However, he can have my name and this imaginary clique, but I have been classed with address.—Yours, them, so I must defend myself. They, I gather from their letters, are capable of looking after themselves I may state that I often write articles and stories for different papers and magazines, and in most cases use a "nom de plume," but thank goodness I do not often waste my time by writing replies to letters such as you published last week. In conclusion, for the benefit of Mr. Dunnico,l might add that I try hard to live a moral life, and endeavour to do my duty to my neighbour, but it is a great tempta- tion to become mordacious when replying to such a defamatory letter. I hope this correspondence will now cease, for back-biting will do no good ; Let us ever remember that "Christ came to call sinners not the righteous, to repentance.—Yours sincerely, "AA:" I Warrington, August 4th, 1904.

W. H. BELL, jug.

38, Bewsey-street, Warrington.

Sir,—Once again and for the last time I will trouble you to allow me to reply to the Rev. H. Dunnico. Were it not that so many are watching the fray between the great somebody— and "little nobodies "I would not answer such a contemptible piece of personal abuse. I am deeply sorry that these letters have taken the form they have. They were intended to be a debate pure and simple on progressive principles—either Liberal, Socialistic or versus the two, but owing to the shirking and cowardly tactics of one of the writers they have resolved into, oa the one side, personal abuse, and on the other, defence, and now, retaliation. To begin with Mr. Dunnico would not be justified in publishing full names Of your correspondents, and what he means by "boasting of their dishonest methods in certain circles" I do not know. Several friends have asked me how Mr. Dunnico came by his informa- tion, and not unnaturally conclude it to be through the paper. Such, however, would be a breach of confidence on the wirt of the paper and I for one know too well the integrity of a The Examiner" and its Editor to doubt them on such points. Mr. Dunnico obtained his information through the confidence of a mutual friend on the appearance of my first letter and which confi- dence he has now treacherously made use of, and at the same time stabbed our friend in the back. Why should Mr. Dunnico publish the name? How dare he violate the right of personal desire to remain anonymous? It is easy to see that Mr. Dunnico's estimation of merit depends upon sex and identity. I desired to meet, and be met on common ground, fully preparing myself for what consequences might accrue, provided my opponent would stick to truth and points under discussion—Points which he has very carefully shirked. Was mine not the right that that desire should be respected, without its being tampered with by your correspondent? Arrogance indeed! Who arrogated to Mr. Minnie() the right to dict.tte what T should, or should not disolose ? I used a nom de plume for reasons above given. Mr. Dunnico has acted in this matter in a mean and cowardly manner—using abusive means to cover a miser- able failure, and to excuse his own hypocritically faise position. I have not claimed "A.A." as my friend, I only wish I had the honour of "A.A.'s" friendship, or of even know- ing who "A.A." is, which I do not, but my curiosity is not degraded enough to seek the information from his friends and use it to lowerhim in public estimation. We do not appear under at least a dozen "noms de plume". Nor do we take an unfair advantage. Mr. Dunnico publicly challenged three men from a party of uneducated (compared with him) working-men, to meet him in debate. It was not taken up, but now that three—curious co-incidence—have undesignedly met him in straightforward argument, his cry goes up "unfair advantage." And so it happens that the great somebody cannot even meet three "little nobodies" in honest controversy, but must needs resort to stigma and abuse. Referring to "A. A.'s" discipleship of Marie Corelli, Mr. Dunnico has evidently read Marie Corelli. " *A." has done no more. Therefore Mr. Dunnico is equally as much a follower of that distinguished writer as is "A. A.," but with this difference between them, that whereas "A. A."—not a particularly professing Christian culls the best and the beautiful, the reverend gentleman, the paid exponent of Christianity, the earthly represen- tative of Christ to his flock, remembers the bad, hiding his difficulty under meaningless generalisation. It is intensely refreshing and indeed one cannot help but admire the " Plazatorian " ingenuity with which Mr. Dunnico backs out of his difficulties, Political and otherwise, and that grandiloquent air of his with which he triumphantly "takes his place at the fore 0 "—but if he is a somebody he will find that even "little nobodies" quite see through, but won't have his bluff.—Truly he is very very funny—but young yet—Thanking you for all favours.—Yours sincerely, BEATRICE L. PEMBERTON, 64, St. Mary's-street, Warrington.

Sir,—Under the above heading Mr. Dunnico last week contributed a "brilliant letter.' His consistency is some- thing " remarkable," his sarcasm is "delicious," his language "gentlemanly." If the truth must be told the ' reverend gentleman is rather an irresponsible person. He is so mixed up with one thing and another that he loses his head. Mr. Dunnico in public lam afraid is ' more or less a firebrand. Mr. Dunnico suffers from that terrible thine'—a Nonconformist conscience. It makes him a Christian, Socialist, Liberal, Passive Re- sister, Social Service Leaguer all rolled into one. Mr. Dunnico is also an uncertain quantity as a temperance L reformer. : And now with reference to Mr. Dunnico's treatment of his critics. He gabbles off a stock reply to trouble- some correspondents, he says things which are not entirely true and enlarges upon trivial matters and I practically turns them into lies. For instance he says 1 that within the last few months I have written under L at least six different " noms de plume." That's a lie and Mr. Minnie() knoars it only too well. I have done very little writing for some time now,except of course during this last week or two and previous to Mr. Dunnico's last letter I had only signed myself under two : assumed names " Onelnterested " and "Anonymous." I used the latter because in one week's issue of this paper 'I had another letter signed "One Interested." Perhaps Mr. Dunnico does not remember advising me, at least for some time to write, under a " nom de plume" and • perhaps he does not remember asking me to write my ; first letter on the Social Brotherhood Idea in reply to L " Free Critic." I noticed also last week Mr. Dnnnico referred to one ' of the correspondents as "her." Now I informed Mr. Dunnico, in confidence. I presnme,that one of the corres- pondents was a lady and I say unhesitatingly that he had no right to use that information in any way whatever. Since however he has made use of it. I may say that when I told him and speaking about "her" he said that he would give "her" a good dressing down. Evidently he has been trying to keep his word judging from the tone of his letters in reply to "P. 8. Strong Christian adjectives are a feature of Mr. Dunnico's letters. I now come to something that personally concerns myself. I presume Mr. Dunnico refers to me when he speaks of low music halls and that I may "be frequently found there."Doee Mr.Dunnico mean the Scotland-road music hall. If he does and says that I may be frequently found there, well then, all that I can say is the Rev. H. Dunnico is a liar—no more and no less. admit willingly that I have been there one week, perhaps even two weeks, but no more. But this is no secret,f or I told Mr. Dunnico himself that I had been,but I explained to him it was more to see what alterations had been madeland to judge as to the class of artistes that appeared, and as to the steniard of the performance given. I may say here that if the weekly performances areup to the standard of the one T witnessed there's not much harm done. But as to being found there fre- quently I deny it. Perhaps Mr. Dunnico means the Royal Court Theatre. This place also T only visit two or three times in the year, and that only when there is something pretty good to see. Neither the Royal Court Theatre nor the Scotland- I road Music Hall are very low in the first plaee. Some lof those who go there may be low parsons but that has nothing to do with me. There are others who attend who are not "low." , I don't apologise to Mr. Dunnico for attending a theatre; I shall go when and as ofken as I please. There , lire only two times I regret going and on those two , ?fccasione my reverend friend was preaching there, giving ' vent to his usual humbug. Low as I am, however, Mr. ' Minnie° has admitted that "One Interested" worte "two interesting letters" on the Social Brotherhoed idea and with much that T said he was in entire agree- ment. Not so had am ? Low and degraded as I am I was not too low to be Dunnico's friend, and to have shelter under his roof " as a friend." And aeatin what do your readers think of this? A Sunday or two ago his chapel wanted someone to give a paper to fill in a Sunday afternoon. To cut the story short"( gave that paper with Mr. Dunnico's know- ledee and consent. The low music hall attender is Invited, and gives a paper in Mr. Dunnico's own church and Mr. Dunnico raises no objection. Truly it is wonderful—l cannot resist a smile at the reverend gentleman's remarkable consistency. And remember this. Mr. Dunnico know I had been once to the Scotland. road music hall, bec else I had told him so. Mr. Dunnico asked me in one of his letters a week or two ago to excuse "an extremely tired man." If he means that he was suffering from 'swelled head "I do excuse him. Perhaps Mr. Dunnico thisking that I would not reply

but don't do it again." Your neighbour's house may be 1 on fire, and the flames may be threatening you, but you must not lend a hand, or fetch a bucket of water, with- out the consent of the executive. The agricultural labourer may perish from the land, and you must not tryto save him without the permission of men who know less about these things than you know. When Czars and Sultans play these games we call it " tyranny " and " oppression." When working men play these tricks on their fellow workmen they call it " discipline" and "unity." They can call it what they like, but it is the same hateful thing everywhere, and I would rather be under the Czar of Russia, or the Sultan of Turkey, than at the mercy of a Vrant in clogs, God help any poor wretch who is under the heel or an ignorant, unfeeling despot, who is permitted to rule before he has learned to serve, and who knows infinitely more than the "boss" who drives him. And if there is anything in this world more hate- ful than a tyrant, it is a committee of tyrants, for you .an get rid of oae despot a good deal easier than you can get rid of a dozen, or a score of them. The worst feature of this kind of tyranny is that it grows on what it feeds upon, and "as the old cock crows, the young one learns." The latest sample of this depotism is the case mentioned by James Sexton. He tells us that the operative stonemasons claim the right to muzzle any man who comes into theirtown, or village at any political meeting, unless he first obtains their consent. So if a man wants to speak te them ho must first get the consent of the executive and then of the local committee. Men who are so dreadfully afraid of truth that they dare not listen to it are certainly not fit to be leaders of men.

" Ylabon," the popular Welsh miners' representatioe, says that "if Labour cannot run a candidate of its own it should support the candidate who comes nearest its own ideals." But this doctrine of common sense and worldly wisdom is rank blasphemy in the eyes of certain men belonging to the Labour Representation Committee. Their game is to make Labour members of Parliament into political Ishmaelites, "whose hands shall be against every man, and every man's hand against them."

If that is their_ programme they will have to be

fought and resisted io he bitter end. I love the cause of Labour, but I love freeslom more, and I have no desire to see the Labour movement captured by men who have axes of their own to grind and interests of their own to serve. The muzzling order of the Labour Representation Committee will keep out men like John Burns, and Richard Bell, and William Abraham, and every other Labour leader who has a spark of indepen- dence in him, and it will let in dummies and puppets who will move when the committee pulls the strings. John Burns says that "Labour cannot afford to quarrel with its best friends," so he is treated by some , as a heathen and an outcast,though he has probably done as much for the benefit of the working man as any dozen of his opponents. I take my stand beside honest John Burns and William Abraham, and I will do all I can to promote the best interests of the working man. But lam taking none of his arrogance, and impudence, and tyranny. The Labour movement is on its trial, and its future will largely de- pend on how it behaves itself. If it is going to spend all its energies in prAvoking quarrels and resisting de- sirable reforms, and fighting men who have spent their lives in freedom's cause, it will not have its troubles to seek. It sorely needs wise leaders who are strong enough to lead,and will not be "pinpricked" and pushed from behind. Tyranny is the same hateful,cursed thing to me everywhere and always, and wherever I meet it I shall fight it and resist it to the death.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
rALL RIGHTS RESERVED.I

SOCIAL SERMONETTES FOR WORKING MEN.

BY JOHN TAYLOR. Author of "Search Lights on Land, Labour and Social Problems."

MUZZLING THE LABOUR MEMBERS.

"The operative stonemasons are seeking to prevent members of the Parliamentary Committee from speak- ing at any political meeting without first having consulted the Trades Council in the locality, and received their gracious consent. This is the tail wagging the dog with a vengeance."—JAmEs SEXTON.

The Labour Representation Committee some time ago decided that no member of Parliament under its control shall be allowed to take part in any contested election, or speak on behalf of any Parliamentary candi- date during the contest, without first obtaining the permission of the executive. Now it is one thing to frame such a rule as this for grown-up men with brains and wills of their own' and it is another thing to enforce it. As a mltter of fact this rule has been dodged, and evaded, or ignored, and I am not going to be hard on the men who have broken it. But the executive will stand no nonsense about it, and the offenders have been compelled to answer for their sins, and they have been told in pretty plain Eng- lish tivit they must not do it again. This rule may be wise, or it may be foolish, but its consequences will be so very serious to the cause of labour, that I feel bound to criticise it, and examine it for myself. I.—WHY SHOULD LABOUR IGNORE THE CLAIMS OF THE LABOURER?

At contested elections, when candidates are soliciting the working man's vote, and asking him to support all sorts of measures that he does not understand, why should the men who profess to be his leaders refuse to advise him, and instruct him, and help him out of his difficulties? The Labour Representation Committee has for its object the election of working men to Parliament, and the formation of an independent labour party, and it shows its independence by refusing to help the cause of labour anywhere, unless it has a seat to capture, or an axe of its own to grind. We have had quite a number of bee-elections lately, in which the agricultural labourer has been the pre- dominating partner, and his vote was strong enough to capture the seat if he had only been educated, and organised. I have visited scores of villages in the Market Harborough and Oswestry Divisions, where the tiller of the soil is being ruthlessly rooted up and exterminated. He is not allowed to have any allotment land, unless he will pay twice as much rent for it as the farmer is paying. The housing problem is crushing the life out of him because the farmers monopolise all the Cottages, and if hlkdoes not serve them he can leave the place. If he is an agitator, and tries to organise his fellow labourers, he is a marked man, and he must go. So he leaves the village, and tramps into the town to compete with thousands more of our unemployed in our overstocked labour market. In a small town in Shropshire the population used to be about seven thousand, and now itis less than two thousand, and the miserable 'work of rural depopu- lation is going On still. I have been advising the agricultural labourers in those villages to vote for any candidate who will support a drastic reform in our land laws, and make the provision of allotments and work- men's dwellings compulsory, instead of permissive. I urged them to support any man who is willing to give them the benefit of the Workmen's Compensation Act, and protect trade union funds, and give equal rights all round both to masters and workmen.

Now I want you t ) realise that these are not questions of party politics, because some of these reforms are advocated by all parties in the state. But they are bread-and-butter policies to the agricultural labourers and rural artisans, and they are burning questions to every trades unionist in the kingdom. If we could reform our land laws we could transform our villages and relieve our congested labour markets in the towns. Surely the time has come when we can deal with these bread-and-butter questions without flinging each other :into the dirty ditch of party politics. If the Labour leaders would give more time and thought to these things, and spend less time on mutual jealousies, and trying to curtail each other's liberties, we could help the cause of freedom materially.

-- -- Instead of abstaining from all bye-elections in which they are not running a candidate of their own, they should send down one or two of their best men to every such election. They should authorise their representa- tives to draw up a list of the measures in which they are interested, and interview both candidates, and then fight and work for the man who will pledge himself to do most for the cause of Labour. _ _

The leaders of the Irish party send down representa- tives to every bye-election where the Irish vote is a power to be reckoned with. The United Kingdom Alliance sends agents to organise and concentrate the temperance voters in favour of licensing reform. The Free Traders and the Protectionists placard the towns, and hold meetings every day to advertise their opinions. But the Labour Representation Committee cannot be trusted to do anything half so reasottable and sensible i as this. If its object sto voice the grievances of the worker, and ameliorate his condition, it ought either to send to every bye-election some of its best leaders to fight their cause, or it should allow them to use their own judgment, and go as private individuals. But it does neither, and this dog-in-the-manper policy is re- sponsible for the loss of ever so many seats that might have been won for progress and social reform. I felt this very keenly during the Oswestry campaign. We won that great victory entirely by the agricultural labourer's vote,and some of us addressed three and four meetings every day to educate and organise these voters, and yet the so-called labour leaders ware conspicuous by their absence. They never lifted a finger, or raised a voice to help us, and yet they will crow over it as victory for labour. But they had no hand in it, and if their policy had been adopted by every progressive, the victory never would have been won. lI.—I OBJECT TO THE DICTATION OF THE LABOUR REPRESENTATION COMMITTEE ON

MATTERS OF CONSCIENCE. It is a mutual admiration society that thinks no small beer of itself, but it presumes sadly too much when it muzzles its representatives, and forbids them to speak at elections' when important labour questions have to be thrashed out betweea candidates and electors. I do not know who its members are, and I do not ware, for I am not fighting men' but eternal principles. No man has any business to take away my right of private judgment, or interfere between me and my conscience, or dictate to me what .I shall do in all cir- cumstances. If I see a wrong that needs righting, or a crooked thing that must be put straight,l shall ask no- body's leave whether I shall do it, or leave it undone. Let us see how this rule works.

_ During the Market Harborongh election I mat several well-known members of Parliament, who might, and ought to have, rendered yeoman service to the cause of Labour. But they were under an insane maziding order that prevented them from appearing on the same platform as the man who advocated all the measures in their own programme. Mr. Bell went to the railway works at Wigston, and snoke as a railwayman. Mr. Shackleton and Mr. Henderson went to Leicester, and addressed either a Band of Hope, or a temperance meeting, while I was there. How these three gentlemen could talk on these questions during election times, and keep politics out, is a mystery to me. One thing is certain, they observed the letter of *he 'law, if not its spirit, for they did not appear on any platform in the company of the candidate who advocated their bread-and-butter policy, though they were heartily in sympathy with it. I chaffed one or two of these muzzled members, and asked them if their task masters had given them per- mission to come into Leicestershire during a contested election. They took my banter and jokes as cheerfully as they could, but they evidently did not care to be looked on as tied-house politicians, who had to take their orders from inferior men, and pocket some insults into the bargain. The following week some of them paid a flying visit to the Davenport election, and when this came to the ears of their " bosses " the fat was in the flre. The Labour Representation Committee met in London, and passed a resolution to the effect that having heard ,the explanations made by Messrs. Shackleton and Henderson, M.P.'s, as to their appearance in the constituencies of Market Hae)nrough and Devonport, at the recent bye elections therein, namely, that they did not appear under political auspices, nor attend any meeting, but went solely in the interests of the Labour movement, accepted the same, hut, inasmuch as such appearances during elections afforded oppor- tunities to the press to misrepresent, and thereby weakened the Labour Representation Comnaitttee move- ment, declared that in future the executive must decide what action, if any, should be taken at bye-elections. Now I take it that this is a verdict of " Not guilty—

===== 0002601_19040806_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

THE PASSIVE RESISTERS AT STOCKTON HEATH.— The date of the sale of the,watches seized for the balance of the poor rate which includes a portion set apart for educational purpoves,has not yet been fixed. The reason for the delay is not yet apparent, but we may say that one of the passive resisters is the Rev. H. Dunnico, who happens to be away on his holidays. It appears clear, however, that the reverend gentlemen are not only at present minus their watches, but also their votes.

PICNIC TO CHESTER.—A successful picnic to Chester organized by Mr. J. Hallows, took place on Bank Holiday. A party of sixty left Victoria-square in omnibuses at eight o'clock, and on arriving at the ancient city,partaok of dmner at Mr. Fletcher's dining rooms, Brook-street,. Afterwards various places of interest were viewed. Some of the visitors went through the Cathedral and saw the tablet recently erected in memory of the Cheshire soldiers who fell in South Africa. Others found pleasure in boating on the Dee, and Eccleston Perry was a popular resort. - At five o'clock tea was served, and votes of thanks were accorded to Messrs. Hallows and Fletcher. The return journey was commenced shortly after six o'clock, Stockton Heath being reached without mishap at about ten.

MEETING OF THE PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE

A meeting of the Parochial Committee was held in the National Schools on Thursday evening, Mr. G. Pilling presiding. There were also present :—Messrs. F. Warburton, J. Whitley, J. W. Bouchier, F. Pearson, J. Mounfleld, W. Fairhurst, J. Hallows, T. R. Westbrook, W. Mclntyre, W. E. Hough facting clerk), J. Swinton (sorveyor), and J. Farrington (inspector of nuisances.)

===== 0002601_19040806_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
SANITARY MATTERS.

Mr. Whitley moved that a Sinitaa:y Commlto° be appointed, consisting of Messrs. Clarke, Warburton, Mclntyre, Williams, Welsby and T. R. Westbrook. He selected those gentlemen because they were members of only one committee, and the duties of the Parochial Committee would be better divided by their appoint- ment.

--The Acting Clerk said Mr. Clarke had expressed the opinion that the Sanitary Committee should consist of the whole of the members of the Parochial Committee. Mr. Mciunfield seconded the motion. Mr. Pearson proposed that the whole of the members of the Parochial Committee be constituted a special sanitary committee, and hold special meetings for the consideration of sanitary matters, the first meeting to be held that day fortnight. He did not particularly object to Mr. Whitley 's motion, although it did not specify the duties of the committee. His object in moving the amendment 'WM chiefly that the whole com- mittee might go into sanitary business in greater detail. Th e parish was enlarging very rapidly and in a few years would have doubled itself. At present it had a large population, and it was necessary that there should be adequate sanitary appliances. The time had come when they should review their sanitary business in several branches. They ought to consider whether it would pay them to undertake the disposal of their sewage. The payments to the special contractor who did the work were increasing yearly, and he thought the time would soon arrive when the committee could do it themselves. On the other hand, it might be worth while for the Warrington Corporation to undertake the business for the committee at an arranged payment. They were certain that if the Corporation did the work with the appliances at their disposal it would be done well, and the committee would have no recurrence of the frequent complaints they had had lately regarding sanitation. If the committee was formed he intended to submit several resolutions at its first meeting. One would be that metal pails be substituted gradually for the present wooden ones. If Mr. Whitley had proposed that six gentlemen be appointed a committee of inspec- tion to report to the Sanitary Committee, he (Mr. Pearson) would have sympathised with the idea. Mr. Whitley said he was willing to withdraw his motion. He was very glad one man at least was getting converted to the impression that the parish required a sanitary committee. The reason he did not define the duties was that he had been told he could not do so until the committee had been actually appointed. The chairman had allowed Mr. Pearson a little latitude in that direction.

The Chairman: No. He has not defined any duties. Mr. Bouchier seconded the amendment. He pointed out that ever since he became connected with the Parochial Committee many sanitary questions had been discussed.

Mr. Whitley's motion having been withdrawn, the amendment was unanimously agreed to.

PROPOSED NEW FOOTPATH.

Mr. Warburton moved that it -13-e—ti--re Commendation to the County Council that a footpath be formed on the south sid9 of Walton-road.

Mr. Westbrook seconded and the proposition was carried.

PRIIC AUTIONS AG A INST FIRE.

Mr. Warburton moved that the, fire appliances stored in the village be examined, and that a volunteer fire brigade be organized and-paid a small remuneration on the occasion of each pre-arranged practice. It was a pity that fire appliances should be lying there deteriorat- ing, and he considered it would be a wise thing to have them overhauled. He also suggested that a committee be appointed to make periodical inspections of the hydrants and arrange practices. Mr. Whitley seconded. The motion was carried, and the following committee was appointed :—Messrs. Bouchier, Mclntyre, Clarke, Warburton and Fairhurst.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SUPPLY OF PAILS AND ASHBINS.

Tenders for the supply 'of pails and ashbins had been received, but the consideration of them was deferred until the first meeting of the Sanitary Committee. Mr. Pearson remarked that through the K i ndn ess of Alderman Eying, Chairman of the Sanitary Committee, and Mr. Parfitt, he had been shown through the Warring- ton sanitary works and supplied with all particulars as to prices &c. of pails. A "DEATH TRAP." _

Mr. Hallows alluded to the danger which arose from children being able to play by the side of the brook which emptied itself into the Ship Canal in Fairfield- road, Lumbrook. He described the place as a death trap, and thought measures should be taken for the safety of the children. Mr. Mclntyre said the children had no right to play there. The Su'rveyor was instructed to attend to the matter.

LIGHTING OF THE VILLAGE. On the recommendation of the Lighting Committee, it was decided that incandescent burners be fitted on all lamps in London-road, Grappenhall-road, Walton- road, and Whitefield-road. It was also agreed that one new lamp be placed in each of the following thoroughfares :—London-road, Carlisle-street, Southern-street, Gibson-street, and Ellison-street.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
VOLUNTEERS IN GAM?.

THE SECOND WEEK AT PERHAM DOWN.

[BY OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Perham Down,

SUNDA.Y.

This morning the camp was early astir, and the IJcal I battalion paraded at 7.30 for a church parade. The weather is now all that can be desired, although the , heat at times is very oppressive. The service was taken by the chaplain (Rev. W. Bracecamp) who delivered a stirring address. Mr. Bracecamp seems to be thoroughly enjoying his stay under canvas, and is frequently to be seen talking to the men in their lines. This afternoon there was an excursion to Southampton and the Isle of Wight and most of the mea took advantage of the reduced fares to these places of interest. Those who , went round the Island had the pleasure of a view of the flagship " Victory " immortalised in prose and verse. Most of the Castle liners were to be seen in the Solent and al.o his Majesty's yacht. The volunteers had been waned not to demonstrate as they passed the yacht, but so close did their vessel go that the Queen waved her hand, and at once a spontaneous burst of cheering came from the officers and men on board. A large number of men went te Andover, Marlborough, Salisbury, and Stonehenge and thoroughly enjoyed themselves.

MONDAY. The weather was again very warm and a big day's work was anticipated. At 6.30., the companies were out practising semaphore signalling under company arrange- ments. After breakfast, the battalion were out in shirt sleeves and took part in attack practice and outpost duty in "A" area, and some very good work was done. Rifle inspection was the order of the afternoon. The cyclists under Captain Haslam went for a long ride and came back smothered in dust. The route taken was through

Everleigh, Amesbury, Ifuiford, Pa-rkhouse, ShiptOn, Tidworth and home, a distance of about 50 miles. The scouts, in particular, did some very good work. The brigade signallers were out on station duty in the vicinity of camp. In the evening, the regimental sports were commenced and the three-legged race caused much amusement, especially when two pairs of com- petitors ran full, tilt into the chaplain and much dis- turbed that gentleman's equilibrium.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
TUFSDAY.

Again very warm, and there was no parade before breakfast. At 8.30., the battalion went out in shirt sleeves and practised advanced and rear-guard tactics. In the evening, a shooting match was arranged between the officers and sergeants of the battalion. Some capital marksmanship was witnessed and the officers triumphed in the end._

===== 0002601_19040806_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY.

To-day,the operations were on a very extensive scale. The idea was that a red (western) force had reached. Ludgershall this morning and a blue force was dis- patched to recapture the place. The boundaries of th• area were :—North, Tidworth school and a road leading through Perham Down • south and east, Government boundaries ; west, Rabbit Hill. In these operations the Cheshires were opposed to the other three battalions in camp. After some skirmishing, a charge engagement took place on a hill oye/looking, Tidworth. Captain Linaker, of the Cheshires, earned great praise for an admirable defence of a wood against three tiasse his number of men. The maxim of the Cheshires wa• in a

fine position, and fairly swept the ranks of the enemy. The Duke of Connaught witnessed the operations, and I also saw the Rev. W. Bracecamp enjoying himself trotting about on his "charger." Captains H. G. Roberts and R. Smith arrived in camp this morning and met with an enthusiastic welcome from their respective companies.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
TH 17RSDAY.

To-day was another big day for the whole of the brigade. At 7.30 the Warrington battalion paraded in shirt sleeves and marched to a position near Bulford camp, where they were opposed by the other three battalions. A very stiff fight took place on the left flank of the local battalion, and the men displayed great efficiency in keeping under 'cover. Towards 11 o'clock the weather, which had been very hot, took a sudden change for the worse, and a very severe thunderstorm was experienced. The march Nick to camp was com- menced at 1 o'clock, and camp was reached at about 2.30. The men are in good health generally, but one or two have had slight attacks of sunstroke. A change has been made in the uniform of the battalion, khaki having been substituted for the white haversacks. The valises have all been dispensed with.

THE RETURN. The men will leave for borne to-day (Saturday), and are expected to arrrve at Warrington between 8 and 9 o'clock. ,

===== 0002601_19040806_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
A RAMBLE THROUGH WARGRAVE AND WINWIGK.

On Saturday the members of the Earlestown Wesley Guild enjoyeda very pleasant ramble through Wargrave and Winwick, closing with an open-air service at Buttonwood. Mr. George Clarke, Earlestown, was responsible for the arrangements, which were carried out very successfully. The party started from the Lecture Hall, Cross-lane, soon after 2 p.m, and pro- ceeded by way of Fairclough-street and Wargrave- road, and on reaching the church the peculiar style of masonry in the building of the tower was noted I At the. Vulcan Brow, New Hey Farm," once the residence of the Brothertons,*who owned much I property in the district prior to 1908,when .nost of the property passed into the hands of the Legh family was pointed out. Passing through the fields towards "Red Hank, "attention was called to the apparatus for depositing and taking up the Mail bags by express trains. Arriving at Winwick-road, the probable site of "Gallows Croft," was indicated as the party turned into Hermitage-lane, where at a convenient spot a halt was called. Whilst a rest was taken, Mr. George Clarke gave explanatory accounts of several historic places of interest :—" The Bloody Stone," near Reformatory Bridge; " Gallows Croft" and the "Battle of Red Bank" at the "Pass of Winwick", where the Royal Forces, after a runningflight of three days from Preston, made a stand and were routed by Cromwell's Ironsides, after a desperate struggle, in which over 1,000 were slain, and nearly 2,000 taken prisoners. Many of the latter had taken refuge in Winwick Church, where they were captured and disarmed. After viewing "St. Oswald's Well," at this point, the party listened to sos high popular resort when i ashot r t sv a s reputed possess to historyp (5f this once popular curative pro perties ; pilgrims coining from all parts of the country to obtain possible relief from their ailments by contact with the healing waters of St. Oswald. But whatever powers it might have possessed ages gone by, its appearance just now is anything but attractive. On the contrary it was found extremely filthy and dis- agreeable. Strong comments were made upon this sadly neglected relic of past ages, culminating in the adoption of a resolution to be published in the local papers with the view of drawing public attention to it, and bringing about possible improvement. Pro- ceeding to Hermitage Green, fine views of the surrounding country were freely admired, after which a visit was paid to "Prince Rupert's Well," but the once public footpath to this spot where the Royalist Cavalry were refreshed in Cromwellian times, was now a thing of the past and access could only be obtained through private gardens; otherwise those interested must be satisfied by a sur- vey from the roadway. Reference was made to the fact that near this place was a station where one or more of the Hermit friars of St. Augustine were located and took alms from the many pilgrims paying visits to St. Oswald's Well. The party then pro- ceeded towards Winwick, and enjoyed a' godd tea, and a further rest at Rose Cottage; afterwards visiting the church, where some historic features were pointed out and explained by Mr. George Clarke, particular references being made to the wonderful " Winwick Pig." At 6 p.m. an augmented party proceeded towards Burtonvvood where an open-air service was conducted by Mr. George Clarke,who with Mr. George E. Warburton gave addressss. Miss L. Faragher, gave sacred solos very acceptably, and Miss Eleanor Teece was very effective in a recitation" A bit of life."

===== 0002601_19040806_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
DOUBLE BATHING FATALITY AT WARRINGTON.

Fatal Heroism.

A particularly distressing bathing fatality occurred at Warrington on Thursday afternoon, the victims being two youths named William Charles Head, aged eighteen, of 40, Lloyd-street, and Joseph Tavlin, aged sixteen, of G, Lloyd-street. At 4.30 the companions went to bathe in the St. Helens and Sankey Canal near Buttermilk Bridge. Head was the first to enter the water, and for a time he swam with the aid Of a cork belt. When in the middle of the canal he took off the belt, and tried to swim without it, but began to sink. He shouted for help, and Tavlin, who could swim a little, plunged into the canal with the intention of rescuing him. In his struggles, Head clutched Tavlin and dragged him under the water, and both youths were drowned. A boy raised the alarm, and the bodies were recovered by P.C. Dugdale. The fatality created a painful sensation in the Bank Quay neighbourhood, and many were the expressions of sympathy with the parents in their terribly sudden loss.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS

Cricket.

The splendid work which Lynes has done for the Warrington eleven, received some tangible recognition on Saturday, the match set apart for his benefit being a great success. A large crowd lined the Arpley enclos- ure, and was treated to a full afternoon's cricket. Manchester were the visitors and at twelve o'clock they entered upon their innings. After an interval for lunch, play was resumed, and it was not until seven o'clock that stumps were drawn. The result of the encounter was a draw, the position being fairly even. Manchester had compiled 236 for the loss of eight wickets and War- rington were 114 for three. The record of the locals is one to be proud of,and if theycan get through the season with only a solitary defeat they will be deserving of all praise. I hope their good form will be maintained until cricket has to make way for the exhilarating winter sport. So far the season of 1904 Ehas been gratifyingly successful.

The men from Cottonopolis proved good hitters, and despite the keen fielding and bowling, ran up sub- stantiartotals. J. Milne accomplished the best per- formance of the afternoon, knocking up 87 in vigorous style. His chief strokes included twelve fours. J. Heap, who had the honour of figuring in several county matches last season, was responsible for 25. He was smartly caught by Hampson. Sladen, the Manchester professional. compiled 23, Hampson stumping him from one of Podmore's deliveries. W. Phillips hit out merrily and made 27 not out, and L. Rowlands scored a creditable 18 and carried out his bat.

E. A. Connor was the most successful bowler,captur- ing three wickets for 37 runs. W. H. Podmore took two for 32, and Lynes two for 103.

Warrington had an hour and a half at their disposal, and they had no difficulty in saving the match. P. B. Hawtin was in brilliant form, and his contribution of 47 not out included one five and four fours. He is to be complimented upon his display. W. H. Podmore scored a useful 22, and J. W. Bibby placed 16 to his credit. Lynes made 18 before he was easily caught at point by Fielding.

To-day Bootle will be entertained at Arpley, and Warrington hope to repeat their feat of May 7th when they gained a brilliant victory at Bootle.

Lynes has been doing duty for Warwickshire against Worcestershire this week, and has performed very creditably with the ball. In the first innings he captured 3 wickets for 75 runs—the best bowling feat of the day —and in the second innings he was responsible for 3 wickets for 54 runs. He was not in very good form with the bat, and was bowled by Bird after making 3.

- Warrington Police scored a creditable victory at the expense of Liverpool Police Band on Thursday. P.C.'s Holland and Houghton bowled with great effect, taking 2 wickets for 9 runs, and 5 for 11 respectively.

Sankey Wire Mills and Hough Green were so evenly matched, that the encounter resulted in a tie of 61 runs each. The brothers Robert and N. Cook rendered good service for the Wire Mills, scoring 21 and 11 (not out) respectively. Warham (25) was the top batsman for the villagers.

Crosfleld's had hard luck in being defelikd by Moore and Daresbury by the margin of nine runs. Captain Wyatt knocked up 18 for the victors, T. Atherton (19) being in good form for the soaperies. S. Taylor captured seven wickets at the unusually low cost of 12 runs.

Crosfield's 2nd also came a cropper, their conquerors being Bold-street Wesleyans. Nelson (19) and Moor- field (14) achieved the best batting performances.

Stretton and Appleton triumphed ov6r Latchford Baptists by a 32 majority. F. Hatton (45) and A. Johnson (35 not out), rendered very valuable service for the victors, J. Cox and G. Cliffe with 20 and 26 respectively doing the best work for the Baptists.

Penketh cut up ignominiously against Grappenhall who trounced them to the extent of 74. J. Warburton ran up 36 for the winners, not a solitary Penketh player attainingiclouble figures. In fact, " Mr. Extras," with 7, was their highest scorer.

Moore and Daresbnry had little difficulty indisposing of Appleton and Stretton on Monday. So well did their men work that they won byan innings and 13 runs.C.B. Allen captured twelve wickets for 18 runs, and the Rev. F. Clifton Smith batted lane style for 38.

By a narrow margin Grappenhall accounted for Ashton Hayes, their best scorer being W. Carter who scored 38 in the two innings.

Warrington Thursday defeated the "Guardian "Office, the figures on each side being low. W. Bell (12) was the most successful batsman.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

The works handicap opened on Saturday in ideal weather, and some good games were witnessed. The competition will be continued this afternoon on the King and Queen green.

Another victory by tie Liberal club was a notable feature of Saturday's league matches. Penketh were the visitors to Bewsey-street, and they returned van- quished by a 36 majority. There was a particularly close game between J. E. Warren and A. Woods, the last-named triumphing by a single point. J. Parr de- feated E. Bond by 15-13, and the same margin gave the victory to J. Bowyer over A. Greenhalgh.

In their encounter with Bull's Head the Liberals were unfortunate, suffering defeat by 15. One or two keenly fought games attracted Particular attention, J. Gibson defeating J. Worsley, jun., and. H. Williams accounting for Edward Shaw by single point majorities.

Bull's Head had an easier task before them on their own green, Brooklands being their opponents. The home men played with such skill as to pile on a majority of 111. The closest came was that in which John Worsley, jai:tr., beat W. Stevenson by 15-14.

The league table up to date is as follows : P. W. L. For Agst. Pts. Bull's Head Cemetery Horse and Jockey ll ••• 8, ••• 5 ...1653 ...1459 ... 12 Chapel House Brooklands Fearnhead Penketh Liberal Club l2 -. 4 -. 8 -.1703 -.1796 _.. 8

To-day's league matches are : Cemetery v. Brooklands. Cemetery v. Chapel House. Penketh Park.v. Horse and Jockey.

The annual president's main in connection with the Cemetery Club was played on Monday evening, and there was keen competition for the prizes presented by Mr. A. H.Crosfield. The winners were :-1, G.Ball ; 2, R. Young; 3, T. Healing; 4, A. E. Boardman; 5, T. Ellison, 6, J. Berry, 7, W. Povey ; 8, A. Podmore ; 9, T. Humphreys; 10, A. Stringer; 11, W. Gibson; 12, T. Jones; 13, A. Ball.

This afternoon the second annual, main in connection with the Prince of Wales Lodge of Oddfellows will take place on the Brooklands Green. The handsome silver cup and medal presented by Mr. A. H. Crosfleld will be competed for, in addition to sixteen prizes. There are 64 entries—exactly the same number as last year—and a pleasant afternoon is anticipated. Play commences at two o'clock. The green stewards will be Bros. H. Sykes, W. King, and W. Cottam, and the duties of referee will be discharged by Bro. T. Reddish.. The arrangements have been made by the following committee :—Bros. T. P. Bradshaw (chairman), T. Wadsworth, J. Massey, W. King, H. Sykes, E. Whitham, T. Reddish, H. Maddock and G. F. Freeman (secretary). The cup and prizes will be presented at a smoker to be held at the close of the season, and Mr. Crosfield is expected to be present.

The Liberal Club tnmdlers will hold their president's main this afternoon, and already there have been fifty entries. Mr. Crosfleld is giving some handsome prizes, and there are sure to be some splendid games.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

The Northwich Urban Council have treated lengths of main roads within their jurisdiction with westrumite to obviate the dust nuisance created by motor cars. They have also joined in the appeal to the County Council to have certain sections of road soheduled,with the object of preventing excessively fast driving. Can- not something be done in Warrington and district to mitigate the dust nuisance? Cyclists on some of the reads in the district have had strong reasons to com- plain of the lackadaisical methods of our local authori- ties in dealing with the nuisance.

The weather favoured the cyclists last week-end, for despite several heavy showers the conditions on the whole were excellent for toying. The Warrington Club's outing in Wales was highly successful, there being a representative turnout. The roads were in grand order. Llangollen was first visited, and after- wards the tourists went through Chirk and Oswestry to Ellesmere, where Sunday night was spent. Monday opened fine and bright, and the return was made via Overton, Erbistock Ferry, and Chester. The tour was thoroughly enjoyed by all.

About a dozen members had a spin tl Budworth via Arley on Tuesday evening, and on reaching the pic- turesque village a halt was made at the" George and Dragon," where a convivial hour was !pent. The return route was through,Stretton and Warrington was reached in good time.

Further progress was made with the second bowling

• . . Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WAL.,, & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Nv°l.--i3 Bew-ey-street, and published by them at 'the saall place,and also at The Examiner Officos,VictOria..49l,,t. WIDNRS : 32, George-street, Sr. LIEU:Ns; 3, Alarrri- c;4 • street, EIRLESTOWN; Church--street RIINCORN, 6TH, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040806_art0149.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A , I

===== 0002601_19040806_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
tEwsgy ROAD WESLEYAN CriURCH. TOMORROW v(SUNDAY) AUGUST 7th. At W-30. Rev. G. H OARNSON. At 6.30 Mr. J. SHOD° N. At evening service new hymn books for first time.

11APTIST eIIURC R. GOL 3ORNE-STRE ET WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), AUGUST 7th. PREACHIMB ! Morning, 10.45. MR. GE4.DY. Evening. C. 30. COUNCILLOR JAMES EVA NS. Al! seats free. Hymn Books provided.

MUSIC IN THR PARK. MR. T. J. DOWN'S MILITARY BAND NEXT THURSDAY EVENING AT 7 O'CLOCK

MACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY MINIM SCIENTIFIC METHOD from Well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly, adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. • SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 40S. MACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAY', 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH:ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY: 9 A.M. To 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILYI9 A.M. To 8 P.M.

STOCKTON H ItATH GARD KC SOCIETY'- THE THIRD ANNUAL EXHIBITION WILL BE HELD IN THE CHURCH ROOM ON SATURDAY, AUGUST 13TH. THE SHOW WILL BR OPENED AT 2.30 P.M. BY MRS J. CHARLTON P k RR. ADMISSION TO NON-MEMBERS 3D. EACH. W. A. TIMPERLEY, Hon. Secretary.

REMEMBER THE I4ALLANT SOUTH LANCAhHIRES ! GRAND OPEN-AIR CONCERT IN AID OF THE SOUTH LANCASHIRE RFGT. MEMORIAL FUND, IN BANK PARK, WEDNESDAY NEXT, 10TH AUGUST, 1904, FROM 7.30 TO 9 ect.ocH. By THE WARRINGTON MALE VOICE CHOIR. 41f THE EMIT OF WIT WEATHER THE CONCERT WILL BE HELD IN THE DRILL HILL. HELP THE FUND.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT AGRICUL- TURAL SOCIETY, PRESIDENT: SIR GILBERT GREENALL. BART. VICE-PaEstnEnT : COL W. HAL L WALKER, M.P. 15TH ANNUAL SHOW TO BE HELD IN WALTON PARK NELR WARRINGToN, Ox THURSDAY, 11TH AUGUST, 1904. PRIZ IS, CUPS AND MEDALS value £750. JUDGING COMMENCES AT 9.30. JUMPERS, TURNOUTS, SHIRRS, HUNTERS, CATTLE, ac.. Ac. YORKSHIRE HUSSARS' BAND. ADMISSION: ONE SHILLING. Gard-ms, Park and Show Grounds closed at 7 p.m. ~.Omnibuses will leave Bridge—street and Sankev-street, Warrington, at frequent Intervals for the Show. Pare each WaY, 3d.

r WEEKLY PAYMENTS AKEN. GOLD AND bILVER WATCHES, DIAMOND AND OTHER RINGS, CHAINS, BROOCHES, PINS, STUDS. LINKS. and all other Articles of Jewellery practically GIVEN AWAY At the Prices Marked in the Window. Call and see for yourselves before going elsewhere. --- SPECIAL OFFER.--22ct. Gold Wedding Rings sold by weight. All shapes and sizes at 6/9 PER pIIVITE IVIINti'-ARYOOISVRE ? 6/9 A Large Stock of Clocks, Bronzes, Forks, and Spoons, utlery. &c. by best makers4at giving-away prices. M. RUBENS JEWELLER, Sto 4, MANCHESTER SiREEr, LIVE arooL. AOTB.—MONEY Advanced on all kinds of Valuables Lowest Rates of Interest.

CITY OF BRADFORD FXHIBITION.-ENDLESS VARIETY OF INTERESTING FEATURES. SENSATIONAL ENGAGEMENT FOR TWO WEEKS, SATURDAY. JULY 30th TO SATURDAY, AUGUST 6th THE GREATEST NOVELTY OF THE AGE. MR. S. F. CODY WITH HIS WONDERFUL MAN-LIFTING WAR KITES. . The Latest Step in the Conquest of the Air. Ascents from Exhibition Grounds Daily. ILLUSTRATION or SCOUTING AND RECONNOITRING ,Realis tic Naval Spectacle (Russo-Japanese War), Somal Zinage. All the Famous Military Bands. Crystal Maze trealace of Illusions, Baby Incubator. Illuminated with count- Fairy Lamps, and Electric Arc Lamps, Fireworks. water Chute, he., Ac. All day, is. ; after 6 o'clock, 6d.; Children 6d, Saturday, °Q. For special facilities inquire at Tourist offices. •

BLACKISLAN DER, LIBEL on DIVO RCE American System.—ALLEN GAUNT BOWEN A CO.. PRIVATE ENQUIRY AGENTS. 21, DICKINSON STREET, mkNoRgiTHR.

rICHE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- 1. to receive LOANS, either at six months': notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BoROUGH TREASURER, ffiuniCiDsi Offices. Warrington. _

JL. HAWTHORN, JOINER AND BUILDER, . l, LOVRLY LANE, WARRINGTON. FUNBRALS FURNISHED. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLICTTE I TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURR FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T 8 BROWN. 3, LABOR ST (OAR STATION). LIVBRPOOL.

THE GRANDEST FETE IN GREAT RRITAIN. ORREWSBU R Y GREAT FLORAL FETE, WIMNIisDAY& THURSDAY, AUGUST 17TH & 18Ts, 1904. :THE MOST MAGNIFICENT FLOWE'R SIDIV EVER HELD. OVER ELMO IN PRIZRS. Jsach day the Unrivalled BANDS (by kind permission) of E.M. COLDSTRHANI GUARDS, H.M. SCOTS GUARDS. H.M. IRISH GUARDS. PLAYING ALTERNATELY AND COMBINIM. ip,The GRANDEST SHRUB of SENSATIONAL PBR- u bRaiANCHS In Europe, all especially engaged for this ETE ONLY. /,21,1e KAUFMANN TROUPE of Lady Cycl'sts. The LUPPU .F.,;OUPB (from Berlin) on 8 Aerial Bars. The LBO-TARDY 1 13, Flying Gymnasts (from Paris). The Imperial MARI eI„rANBSII. The O'BRIIINS, Champion Three Bar Artistes. g,'?WELL LOWBLL, American Gymnasts. The MB "LRACS. Acrobatic Comedians—The LUNDGREB NS— tiIDLLE. DORA ORFINA—LI RUT. CHARD'S LICAPING OEIS— and other Marvellous Artistes. EIPRNUSW3 GREAT AIRsHIP. BALLOON ASOBNT3, CAP CIVII BALLOONS BY SPENCBR BROTHERS. HORSE LEAPING COMPETITION4IOO IN PRIZES. Magnificent Promenade by the River Severn. Electric Launches and Pleasure Boats on the Severn from the Fete Etrcund• MAGNIFICENT DISPLAY OF FIREWORKS by Pain and 83n5. tipSPECIAL EXCURSION TRAINS FROM PRESTON, MAN, WARRINGTON, AND ALL PARTd. Abattsstotv :—Wednesday, One o'clock, 2s. Bd. •, after Five. T• . hursday, all day from Eleven, ONE SHILLING ONLY. H. W. ADNITT, Hon. .W. NAUNTON, / Secs. The Square, Shrewsbury.

(ZTOCK-TA.KING SALE.—WSW:VI IL STAN DS L.. 3 from ss. 6d. each. Tailors' CLOTH BLOCKS from 10s. 10d. doz. STOOK BOXES from 105. doz. BRASS SHOP WINDOW VITTINGS at manufacturers prlces.—T. YATES. 20. BROWNLOW HILL. LIVERPOOL.

ENAMELLED IRON SIGNS OF EVERY [DESCRIPTION. MOTOR NUMBER PLATES Ifl ALL COLOURS. ENAMELLED COPPER LETTERS, GLASS, WOOD; AND METAL LETTERS OF ALL KINDS SUPPLIED AND FIXED. NAME TABLETS, DOOR NUMBERS, AC. ACTUAL MAKER. JAMES EDWARDS, "LIVER" ENAMEL WORKS. RAMBONE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 0873 Royal.

BOYS YOU WANT BOOTS I'm offering sixty I WANT TRADE Styles in Box Calf and Glace lile at 81. 6d. a I ET'S GET TOGETHER time. ARTHUR EVANS. PonAx. / 55. ALDIFIRSGATIs Sl.. LONDON. DEPARTMENTS' 5, LONDON ItOA.D. LIVSRPOOL.

fl WARRINGTON. DI3TRICT COUNCIL or WARRINGTON, NOTICE IS /IBRBBY GIVBN tit the above Council (subject to the approval of the Local Government Board). propose to make an additional Bye-Law with reference to the Regulation of New Streets and Buildings. A print (I Coin of ellen Bye-Law will be disposited at the Clerk's Offices, Beweey Chambers, Warrington, for the Inspection of any Ratepayer within the Council's District for the perio4 of one calendar month. Persons desiring copy of such Bye Law may obtain the same on payment of 6d. for every .10) words contained in such Bye-Law. By order, J. C. SUTTON. Clerk. Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, August 4th, 19J4.

LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES. REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS (Sundays included). f'Y palatial saloon steamer" La Marguerite "or other steamer t.lsaving Prince's Landing Stage daily. 10.45 a.m., for t'litndudno,Besumaris,Bangor and Mend i Bridgeotilowini four uOurs ashore at Llandudno, and due back about 7 30 p.m. RXTRA SAILLsos. 11.15 a.m Every Saturday and Sunday, ;rtra sailing by .' St.. Tudno" to Llandudno due back 8 p.m. p.m., Fridays, Saturdays, and Mondays, for Llandudno. aumaris, Bangor, and Mans! Bridge. Afternoon Excur- :tons for Lla..dudno. 2.15 p.m Sundays by 'S Snowdon," Llandudno and Mend i Bridge, with Afternoon Bxcur- !ion Bookings Llandudno and back. St. Tudno". at .15 a.m. Mondays,Bth, 15th, 22nd and 29th.also Wednesday, th August. Isle of Anglesey Trip. Wednesday, 17th ''Rust by " St. Tudno," at 9.15 a.m., due back 8.15 p.m. Por all further information, apply to the Liverpool and ?orth Wales Steamship Company,Ltcl., T.O.Bnxw, Secretary, Chapel at., Liverpool. Guide 3d. post free. Week ends at North Wales. Hotel and Boat, from 21s. Through booking by Cheshire Lines leaving Warrington Zt 8.48 a.m. on week days and 9.45 cm. on Sundays. Alsd Y L. & N.W. Railway at 8-25 a.m. on week days and 8-35 44,1• on Sundays.

4::)UNTY BOROUGH or WARRINGTON.— k LIGHT RAILWAYS. THE CORPORATION INVITE TENDERS for the SUPPLY. DELIVERY, LAYING and JOINTING of STONEWARE conduits and cables insulated with vulcanised India rubber. Specifications, General Conditions, and Forms of Tender can be obtained from the Corporation's Consulting Engineers Messrs. Preece and Cardew, 8, Queen Anne's Gate, West- minster, S. W. on payment of ZI Is., which will be returned on receipt of a bona fide Tender. Duplicate copies of the SpecifieAtion can be obtained on payment of 63. each (not returnable.) 'I he Contractor whose tender is accepted will be required to observe the recognised customs and conditions as to the rate of wages and working hours prevailing in the district. Tenders securely fastened, endorsect " Tender for Cables " must be addressed to the Town Clerk, Town Hall, Warring- ton, and be delivered not later than 12 o'clock noon on Tuesday, August 16th, 1904. The Corporation do not undertake to 'wept the lowest or any tender. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk.

ICANGLANDS' SAILING S TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. " PRINCR4S LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMER. Qr,otis LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW Larene Dock Berths N 0.22-28. North Side gin. Aug Bth 8 p.m. Wed. Aug 10th 2 p.m. *5.25 p.m. pt'd• Aug 12th 10.33p.rn.M0n. Aug 15th 2 p.m. *6.45 p.m. ci. Aug 17th 3 p.m. Frld Aug 19th 2 p.m. *6.45 p.m. "Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). Jpecial reduced through tickets from Warrington, "Pines etc. bI3RD/N4RY FARA.: PROM LIvARPOOL :—Cabin, Single, lie e ; trirn(vall, for two manthe),l6s. 6d. Steers .e,Single, Sc 6d. IPPEctAL RRTURN TICHETI. (valid for 13 days). Cabin ; Steerage Be. 3d. M. LANGLANDS AND SON, 04. CROSS STREET, MANCHRSTRR. v. RU ' PLACS. I.IV.t.tPO.IL. _ ALLAN LIN g.--TO CANADA, UNITED STATES RIVER PLATE, AND INDIA. SAILINGS FROM LIVEIRPOOL. (The only line under Government contract for the .P,lVeyance of CaNadian Mails). NISIAN Quebec and Montreal Aug 11 trITY OF LUCK NOW Bombay and Karachi Aug 11 I,,LUNDA St. John's N.F., and Halifax Aug 13 NIAN Quebec and Montreal. Aug 18 RTHAG INI AN St kthne N.F Halifax and Phil Aug 20 °ORAN RATES—To Canada. Saloon from £l4. Secondly 41141.0 10s.; Third Class £3 Quebec, £4 Halifax. To India, ,2 10s. and £27 10s. t Or full particulars apply to ALLAN'S. 103,Lear'enball Street 71'don, 8.C.. and 19. James-street. Llyerpoos

IHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. THE EDUCATION I ) COMMITTEE OFFERS A NUMBER OF SCHOLAR- SHIPS tenable for T welve weeks at the Dairy Institute, Worleston, f)r instruction in Dairy work, and corn- mencinq on Monday. Augu-t 29th neat. Forms of application can be now obtained from the Director of Education to whom they should be returned not later than August 20th. R. P. WARD, Diroctor of Education. Education Offices, City Road. Chester.

afIESHIRE AGRICULTURAL SHOW AT SANDBACII, AUGUST 24Tn, 1904 A COMPETITION in BUTTER-MAKING for SPECIAL PRIZES will 131 held in the Dairy tent at this Show. Persons who have attended any of the Dairy Classes held in the County or been students a-. use Dairy Institute, Worleston, are eligible to campPte. Persons desirous of entprine should forward .their narms to MISS FORSTER N, Dairy Institute, I orlestoe, before August 16th. R. P. WARD, Director of Educaticn.

11fS. THOS. CLARKE WILL CARRY ON THE - bUSINESS OF STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT THE "EXAMINER " OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, EARLIISTOWN, 13.1 before, and sincerely hopes to receive the same 46;nenaue as bestowed on her late husband for upwards of

ARGRAVES TOBACCOS. IiSTAB. RARGRAVES' CIGARS70 TEARS. IiARGRAVES' CIGARETTES. 1114NUFACTORY : SWAN-SrRHET. MANCHRSTHR.

FIRST GRADE PREMIER CYCLES AT 12 GUINEAS A.RE THE WORLD'S BEST VALUE. J. S. GARLAND INVITES INSPECTION AT THE SHOWROOMS, 511 53. & 55, BRIDGE STREET. WARRINGTON. SEVERAL LADIES' AND GENTS SECOND-HAND CYCLES FROM 5Cs. EACH,

B. WADSWORTH, SOLE AGENT FOR THE WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF JOHN BROAD WOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 59, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON

_- GEDDESS DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Frith% Sold by all Grocers and Draggists,l %nista) 6d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wbolosale by Z. GBDDHS IND SON. LTD WARRINOTOII IISTABLISHBD 1833.

SUMMER HOLIDAYS. AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHERS SHOULD PAY A VISIT TO THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. LARGEST STOCK OF NEW AND SECOND-HAND CAMERAS AND SCIENTIFIC INSTRUMENTS ETC., IN MANCHESTER. SECOND-HAND LIST NOW READY POST FREE. THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71. OXFORD ROAD (NEAR ALL SAINTS) MANCHES,'BR.

fir 6 IVIAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. • SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 35., 4s. !fin., AND 55.: 6n. J. Ct. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

R. CLAMP & SON, PORTMANTEAU, BAG. AND TRUNK MANUFACTURERS. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS from 21s. Od. to 50s. GLADSTONE BAGS (Real Cow Hide) from 16s. ad. to 70s. BRIEF BAGS from ss. 6d. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALLS from 12s. 6d. to 30s. Buy direct from the !makers and save 25 per cent. 37, 39, 41, DALE STREET, AND 12, LORD STREEL LIVERPOOL.

ROBERT LOWE. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, it VALUER Office and Salerooms: NO,l, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASS ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Second-band Fornitnre and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Purnitine. warehouse.i.

A. AND J. 111 TAINE, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, AND SILVERS M LTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WEIITECHAPHL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND MYER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Aotot Parliamen Strictest secrecy and strai2htforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes. Chins, Marble Cloaks, Pictures, Itc., &a., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special DATIgAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINDS. SCARP PINS, BROOCHES, &e., &cs We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES TUC YOST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Low • _ rices In Liverpool for Gold Chains. Carefully Selecteo Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS, &c. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. NULAINE'S ICHMOND SITEET. LIVERPOOL.

THE EMPIRE FURNISHING CO., 300 AND 302 STOCKPORT-RD. (1.-ox-M. (Corner of MILTONg STRHHT), MANCHES'ffIR, NEWER OHSIGNS, BETTER QUALITY CHEAPER 1 RICWS, and LOWER TERM "an any other house in Manchester, and, above all, the DEPuSIT iq QUITE OPTIONAL. In Manchester and surrounding districts there are thotrignris of would-be purchas..rs who tremble at the idea of the Hire Purchase System. OBSTINATE FRIENDS AND NERVOUS RE- LA; lONS will say avoid thc•Hire System. JUT WHY? 1..) Because they don't know THE EMPIRIC FURNISHING CO. and their methods of doing business, and that they like to treat their cus- tomers es they would like to be tre9ted ; and they DON'T ASK YOU TO SIGN ANY OBJEC- TIONABLE AGREEMENT. ALSO BECAUSE. If you are ill, If you meet with an Accident, Is you lose your situation, Or have any other misfortune, THE EMPIRE WILL SAY If you are unable to pay we don't expect P'nu to pay ; and in no case do their customers ever lose the value of the money they have already paid. COME AND SEE THEM., YOU NEED NOT BUY k...) Catalogues of Terms are sent Post Free.l or their Representative will call on receipt of Post 'Card. 1E AI FIRE, FURNIsHING CO.!, - nTOCKPORT ROAD. OP RN 9 a.m.:to 9 p.m.; Wednesday, 9 aim. to 1 p.m.

DIARRHOEA, DURING THE LAST HALF-CiUNTURY EVERY- ONE TRAVELLING IN HOT CLIMES HAS MADE A POINT OP CARRYING SOME DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYN SO AS TO BE IN A POSITION TO IMME- DIATELY STOP AN ATTACK OF DIARRHOEA, DYSENTERY. OR CHOLERA. Hot weather in the British Isles strikes suddenl', and everyone should take a little precaution. Don't wait till you *,ctually need the Chlorodyne ; you might be driven to sending a careless messenger for the medicine you require, who might accept a substitute. YOU WANT I) R. . COLLIS BROVc NE'S • CIILOROD IN E.

OR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE Boos TO WOMANKIND. They are the best known Rernedy;for Ausemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9e4, is led, 2s 9d, 4s 6d, ana 115, May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, er from the Ptor. deter. Only Address 39. PORTOBELLO-ROAD. NOTTING HILT, LONDON W.

J. AN. W. DUTTON 16, is, & 20, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON, ARE NOW OFFERING DURING THEIR SUMMER SALE THEIR ENTIRE STOCK AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. "A TIME OF REAL SUBSTANTIAL BARGAINS."

J. M. GREENII4.I.I:GH & Co., ARE NOW SHOWING A CHOICE SELECTION OF UP-TO-DATE BED-ROOI FURNITURE, RANGING IN PRICE FROM £l2 AND UPWARDS. ALSO SMART AND UP-TO-DATE LINES IN ALL BRASS & BRASS & :IRON BEDSTEADS AT PRICES RANGING FROM 14s. 6D. AND UPWARDS. 138 & 140, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON,

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBILOKERS, EWELLERS, SILVERS3IITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OP EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 ro 50 PBR CBRT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old Sold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Morley advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, itc., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2081.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERI'COL, PRAMti MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitablelfor Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, ao. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PHOXOGNAPES for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.;

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK. LADIES'- AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOW:. IMMENSE dVARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

THIS IS AN AGE OF SMARTNESS. THE EFFORT OF THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT IS TO PRODUCE SOMETHING SMART IN CLOTHING FOR ALL CLASSES. THEY RESPECTFULLY SUBMIT IT TO YOUR JUDGMENT. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 & io, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILT) AID BITTUR ALBS &LLSOPP'S Ban AND BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGIIR BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM! WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of stiGP CLASS MINERAL WATRRS in Screw-stoppered Potties Telephone No. 179, STORES, OWEN STERET AWONDERFUL DISCOVERY.—This is the age of research and experiment, when all nature, so to speak, is ransacked by the scientific for the oornfoet and happiness of man. Science has indeed made giant strides during the past century, and among the—by no means least important—discoveries in medicine comes that of THERAPION. This preparation it unquestionably one of the most genuine and reliable Patent Medicines ever introduced, and has, we understand, been used in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostan. Jobert, Velpeau, Malsonnenve. the well- known Chasertignac, and indeed by all who are regarded as authorities in such metters, including the celebrated Lallemand, and Roux, by whom it was some time since uniformly adopted, and that it is worthy the attention of those who require such a remedy WA think there is no doubt. From the time of Aristotle downwarda. a potent agent in the remo7al of these diseases has (like the famed philosopher's stone) been the object of search of some hopeful generous minds ; and far beyond the mere power—if such could ever have been discovered—of transmuting the baser metals into gold is sueely the discovery of a remedy so poten, as to replenish the failing energies in the one case, and in the Other so effectually, speedily and safely to expel from the system the poisons of acquired or inherited disease in all their protean forms AR to leave no taint or trace behind. Such is the new French Remedy THERAPION, which may certainly rank with, if not take preceslence of. many of the discoveries of our day, (shout which no little ostentation and noise have been made, and the extensive and ever-increasing demand that has been created for this medicine wherever introduced appears to prove that it is destined to cast into oblivion all those questionable remedies that were formerly the sole reliance of medical men. Therapion may be obtained of the principal ch-mists and merchants throughout the w orl.f.—" Dinnmnd Fields Adrerti.,er."—Kimberley. —For particnlars or Thernpion.send stamped, addressed envelope to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD Sq., LONDON, W.O

- _ 6 4 WAIIOO " THR MARVF,I, OF Tij E TWENTIETH CENTURY. PnlcT3 nee wond.rful Wahoo Ringworm Cure ~. Is. I,ld 8c 2s. 9cl. The marvellous cur,-, for Hez-ma .•. le. IA-el. & 2s. 91. The Waboo Electric Rheumatic Cure is. 1,1. Medicina le. 11d. 94 9 I I 9 Wahoo for the Hair. A Renowned Hair R...storer Is. 01 a 1 ChPrniste or of the WAHOO M EDWINA CO., LTD.,HARLESDBN. LONDON.

S. FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON WATCHES. CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

REVERSION6.—AII classes of Reversions bought ; quick completions ; loans arranged at low rates.— Sior tga go secarities wanted at 3 to 41 per cent. Business Transfer Agency.—T. SMITH WOH4LEY, 26 Cooper street, Mane beater.

lISVESTMINT OFFEHISO. —You can bear of one of the best opportunities of your life. Has earned over £l,OOO per day,net profits for eight vears;will return 74 to 15per cent per annum, and is safe.—B. NlxEsa, 9,oxford row Leeds.

AbVANCES £3 To £SOO.—DON'T PAY FEKS As those Offices who ask for fees,will only pocket your fee and refuse the advance. NO FEES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO SU/11MB REQUIRED. NO RESPIIC r- ABLE APPLICATION refused. NO FINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFOftWAIiD dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to Suit applicants. Apply and he convitr.ed to the—Manager, J. CALVERT, CLAUGHTONICHAMBERS,I. CLAUGHTON TREET opposite Dr. Knowles) T. HELENS.

LOANS GRANTED DAILY, ANY DISTANCE, PROM X 5 T 0 14000 FOR ANY IMMEDIATE WANT, BUSINPSS OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or starting new business, on simple promissory note. No fines. All applications immediately attended to. Apply in confid- ence, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN CO., 4, PARKER STRE Er, WaRRINGTON. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. HEAD OFFICE: 9. CORPORATION ST., MANCHESTER

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (Nor LESS THAN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 2) years the total amount lent by the undersigned EXCEEDED £1,250,000! He has received hundreds of unsolicited letters of thanks, and has annually, for the past ehiht years, issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,030 Copies have been printed. Prospectuses. terms for advanceS, or any information desired, will be supplied free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, M ANCHESTER. BSTARLISHED 1870.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O. £5O, £lOO. /I"ANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLI4 DEALINGS. EVRIIY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOOD WI N. .B.—Established at this Idiress Twenty Years.

p,_,!.• £lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £50.-ADVANCES MADE to ALL PERSON 6 WORTHY of CREDIT, on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERMS FOR SHoRT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit male by our IManafter on same clay of apolication who will grant you the money AT ONOE I satisfactory. NoTE : THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 9, HAYDICK STREET NEAR THE MARKET PLACE ItARLE'TO WN.

-FROM £3 AND UPWARD'i. DONE FAIL TO A. GIVE ITS A CALL AND CONVENOR YOURiELVR3 THAT OURS IS THE LOwEiT INTRIIRST AND LOWHsT RATH OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable Is 64 weekly £2O repayable 7s 64 weekly £5 „ 2s Od „ £5O „ 174 64 £lO „ e 64 „ £lOO „ 39a 61 ~ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEA(jNcfl apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREEr WARRINGTON. MANAGERVAL Miss OOTTRIIILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HOURS, 9 ft mto 9 pm. N.I3.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

ONRY ! MONEY ! ! MONKY ! !! £5 TO £lOOO, To each and everyone a hearty invitation is offered before going elsewhere to call or write to me in con- fidence and convince yourself 'hat mine is the lowest interest and lowest rate of repayment in kingland. The entire charge £5 to repay £5 6s. Od. £lO to repay £l2 Os. td. £2O £24 Os, Od. £4O „ £lB Os. Od. Larger sums proportionately. No bona-11 fa application refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once to J.JRNNINGS Manager(private house),9, WADR 1y- ST.. WARRINGTON. No delay. Strictest privacy whether business done or riot. Cash delivered on day of application. Distance no object.

IMPORTANT ANN oUNCEMENT TO THE PUBLIC. WE ARE PRRPARED TO GRANT bPECIAL TERMS TO ALL PERSONS BORROWING 310NICY FROM IJS. Do NOT NESITATE, BUT WRITE AT ONCE. WHEN OUR MANAGER WILL CALL UPON You AND GRANT You THE AMOUNT You REQUIRE, NOTE THE ADDRESS 1, EAST STREET (NF IR THE COUNTY COURT), ST. HRIANS• Established the last Century.

- MONEY LRNT PRIVATELY. ,t 5 TO £l,OOO. TO FARMERS, TRADESY EN, P ROFESSIONAL GENTLE- MEN, HOTEL AND LODGING-HOUSE IEEPEII73, and to 911 Responsible Householder Worthy of Crelit, upon Note of Hand Alone, in any part of England or Wale,. Loan £5 To Repay £5 15 0 £lO t Ea 10 0 ~ P £2O £23 0 0 ~ £3) O £5410 0 11 f £5O 11 £57 10 0 11 11 £lOO .1 £ll5 0 0 Larger amounts in p•oportion. Extra Charges made in cases considered necessary. Special T,rms Arranged to suit Borrowers' Own Convenience. Letters immediately answered Prospectus free on apnlicat on Call or write in strict c3ntid- ence to :the NAIIONAL LOAN SOCIETY, 41, CORPORA TION ST., MANCHESTER. (11e2istere1 Mc'.

ADVANCES FROM £5 UPWARDS. PERSONS WANTING TEMPORARY CASH ADVANCES SHOULD NOTE THE ADVANTAGES OFFERED AT THIS OFFICE. (1) THE DESPATCH WITH WHICH ADVANCES ARE COMII",ETED. (2) THE SDIPLICITY OF PRoMTSSORY NOTE, (3) THE RF.AsONAILE RTE OF INTEREST CHARGED. (4) NO FINES FOR ARREARS. (5) REPAYMENTS ARRANGED TO SUIT CON VENIENCE OF BORkIOwIIRS. (6) NO BONDSMEN OR SURETIE REQUIRED. (7) ALL BUSINESS STRICTLY PRIVATE. (8) NO APPLICATIoN FEES. APPLY PERSONALLY OR BY LETTER. S. AUERBACH. 1 23, MOUNT PLEASANT. LIVERPOOL.

A Cocoa you can Enjoy. .t 4 9 V. 'LH' tutens t,steL _ If you have not tried it, Buy a new 6d Tin, You will get 25 cups out of it and enjoy every elm. jt‘ EST & GOES FARTHEST.

She looked at him nervously, fearful as to how knew it at once. Is it too absurd on so shor',7 he would take the news. He didn't faint, he an-" didn't even grasp the mantelpiece for support. He She raised her head and looked at him wittv merely puffed a cloud of smoke and Smiled. She smiling eyes. was disappointed. Archie was so undemonstrative. "No, not too absurd," she said, softly. "Has she? By Jove!" he said. too knew it from the first ! " Ella was convinced he must be concealing his [THE END. I emotion. She began to admire him for it. She crept to his side and laid a sisterly touch on his "Poor old Arch !" she said, softly. "But that not the worst of it. It's all so utterly impossible." "Why ? Who's the chap ? " "Some creature she met by chance. Extremely handsome, I believe, but quite common, a working- man, a constructor, whatever that may be, in the l'enrosse Works, and named Smith into the bargaia. Carl Smith !" she finished, almost tragically. He was surprised this time. He let his cigarette drop through his fingers. "By Jove ! " he exclaimed. it all come about ? " • And she told him. "It's no good arguing with her," she went on "You know how romantic she is, and her craze for the Navy. Now, we can't let this thing go on. What are you going to do ? " • He had picked up his cigarette. button his remaining glove. "I must think it out as I go along," he said, moving towards the door. "So long. I shall be back by one." Ella looked after him. "Poor old boy ! " she murmured, pityingly. must have roughed him terribly, :Yet he didn't show it a bit." Outside in the street Lord Archie was striding along at a rapid pace. Suddenly he broke into a laugh. "Carl Smith, of the Penrosse Works, and little Nora! "he exclaimed to himself. "It's the strangest coincidence I've ever run across." A quarter of an hour afterwards he had arrived at the Grandley Hotel. He produced a card and handed it to the hall-porter. "Will you please send this up to the Countess Seydheim? " he said. The answer came down, and presently he wai conducted to a private suite of rooms on the firs; floor. As he entered a lady rose to meet him. • She was young, fair, and pretAy. She extended her hand to him with a smile of welcome. "You feel quite at home on land once more ?" he asked. "Quite. But aunt doesn't. She is confined tc her room with a sick headache and says we must manage to entertain one another." He looked up into her face and they both laughed. "Well, we had a good try once or twice on ; the ; boat, didn't we ? " Fie said, as he dropped into a .seat. She turned her head away and he noticed the prettiest shade imaginable spread over he' cheek. "I've got a most extraordinary thing to tell you," he said presently. "You remember my telling you about a friend of our family„ Lady "Oh, the the girl you're going to marry?" she broke in, with a mischievous smile. He edged a trifle nearer to her. "Not quite that. Listen. My little friend has met by chance, and fallen in love desperately, with a handsome rascal working in Penrosse's ship- building works." She turned to him •quickly - and laid a hand on. his aria. "Not-- ? " she cried. He nodded. "Yes, Carl Smith is his name, sure enough. And this is how it all came about." And once again the story of the carriage adventure was related. "And she's in love with him?" she exclaimed. "She inust be what you call 'romantic.'" "That's how my sister puts it. But all the same, Nora is one of the best girls I know, good throughout." "Is she?" she exclaimed, eagerly. "Yes, and I'll warrant you'll like her. Let me see, when can you meet ? Why, of course, at. Sir George Penrosse's to-morrow. You, Nora, Ella, and myself. By Jove! It will be quite a little comedy," he cried, excitedly. "With a happy ending ? " she queried, with a smile. He looked at her intently. He seemed to hesitate for a moment, then suddenly made a forward movement and took hold of her hand. • "Let's do our share towards it now," be whispered. "Anna, you must have guessed all the ! days we were together on the boat--" He paused, and looked into her eves. "Is it •--?" And she simply nodded.

80 IN THE SHADE And the Milk turned. NESTLE'S swiss MILK Is not Affected by the Greatest Heat. Save your Labels for Nestle's Competition.

' lIAWY Are (e -- ' • `‘'..-- lima .., : , - GOOD aririft. _, ' 5110NE5 - \ c-4#‘615 ---- - A °brie* • . -- 2D edck 7foril- i 619 per box 450 'k Try re LADY GODIVA C !GAR ETTES .• 10 Jor3° _Alaratim44 ~ ..._.,..5. ..... I:...._____ .... t•olz , 0 AVi 55 8R.03 00 COVENTRY .i

Goddarcl76- Plate_ --- Powder roc CieanißgSilver,EleetroPlate:& 50!c.1 everywhere II; 216 & 4k).

Vie-begun starch li-done ironing The old adage holds good even in domestic matters. Successful ironing begins with right starching; using starch as good as • you wish your ironing to be. There are two kinds of starch the other kind and CO LIM A t\-.'S STARCH is as good as COLMAN'S 41 ig MUSTARD. . 'FT F. RIG.'I(' L. 8

Rottlo, fOparos, Zaartitivl 05tabs. SOUTHPORT.—WeeIeyan BOARDING ROUSH, 9.Promen- ade ; superiot rooms ; sea view ; board from ss. ; bath, planos.—CtumPtt ES&

-VOLK lISTONE.—FOSTRICS THMPKILANCS HUTBL and ls Boarding Establishment, ; unique accommodation fur vieitors ; near sea and cluntry.

IJLLSWATHR.—PATTHROALE HUM., Ullswater, Pen rith ; stands in its own grounds ; facing lake; terms moderate,—Nlisses HUDSON, Proprietresses.

QOUTH[POIir.—HOUR for INVALIDS; medical, surgical, chronic and convalescent patients received ; south aspect. —Apply SUPERINTENDENT, 42, Avondale ro-td.

T LANDUDNO.—" Lynstade " BOAKOiNG NiTABLIIH- -1J MOTT, Neville Crescent, centre of grand promenade; highly recommended; terms moderate. —Mrs. Powin.L. VILLARNEY.—SPILLANWS HOT&L, High st., clean comfort Able ; 53. per day ; every attention given lixcursions arranged. Well patronised by Lancashire people A BERYSTWYTH (near) —For families and tourists ; fine scenery;LT bracing air ; fi,hing, etc. ; moderate terms.—Apply JENICINP, Ty mawr Hotel, Taly bout, Glandovi y, ft.S.O.

rifIRSIBtI.—WHITH B4AI HOTBL and concert room, ‘-.1 Lower Bridge St., beet accommodation for visitors. Parties catered for ; gool beds and livery stables.— R, SMITH, proprietor. 1) AMBRY.—PRINCB OF WALES HOICKL, facing sea,five it minutes from boat., train or electric tram ; faint!, and commercial; boarders from 7s. 6d. per day —Wires, Doe, Ramsey, Man. A. C. DOE, Uanager.

BLA.OKPOOL.—CIII3 iCENT PHIVA.T 8 HOTEL, The Park, facing sea. Table d'Hote 6 p.m. (small tables). Excellent cuisine. Tel. 117. Telegrams—" Oreactnt, Black- pool."—Apply Miss WiLsoN. Vianageres3.

DOUGLAS.—CHALMBI-Vb YORK BOARDING ESTAB- LISHM ONT. central for all 'A nousements ; first-class table ; home comforts,terms strictly moderate; special terms for partles.-5. Captle terrace, Promenade, Douglas.

IHURCH hTlib.r.CON.—Holmwood Boding Hons. and At'AttnitENTS. High-class; good Tunis Court; standing in own grounds; close to noted Golf Links. Tariff, —Apply Mrs. H•RIILS, Holmwooci, Church Stratton. Salop,

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 10 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & Ti, HUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ABER vSTWITI-1. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most z:omfortable Family Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing hoom, face the sea. Terms from 2f guineas per week, or 9s. per day. according to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from 58. lable cl'Hote at 6.3; o'clock For TARIFFS &c„ apply to W. H. PALMER, PROPRIETOR.

gitorks, tVglitssts, ett. ircni SALI4. good sound FISH and CHIP BUSINESS.— Apply 134. EARL E ST., Crewe.

DLACKPOOL. Vilell-.stablished COMPA vY-HOUSII LI BUSINESS for DIPOSAL ; inspection invited.-43, TYLDEBL EY RD. -- t VT-LICENCE! & GROCSRY, selling 4 bArrels weekly; / rent 108. : bargain • low ingaiug. —144, LIVERPOOL STREET, Salloru, Manchester. _ MILLI NEFtY, FANCY DRAPICRY, and Geut's Outfitting For Disposal: double window,rent £36 busy road,-132 ASHTON NEW ltou. Beswick, Manchester.

GOnD PAYING SWEET BiJiINI3 iS, ICE CREAM, &C., for Sale; lonic up; main roLt : low rent ; everythini,g £2s.—Apply CLARK, 4. Pro,to t at., Ileanw,,)d, Ztoondale. - EGRIMONT, CHESHIRE High-class SWEETS. MINERALS and ICE CREA.VI Engines, for bale as a going concern ; well fitted up an -1 good stock ; fixtures and stock at valuation.—WfuGHT,Bl King st, klgrem ont,Cheshire.

AGRAND CHANCH. Genuine Old-established GROCRRY. PROVISION, end MIXRD ; good living rooms ; stable ; best suburb Ma,chester ; be. 6d. week clear; takings £l4 weekly; certain increase by business people; well stocked ; everything £3 ; illbealth ooly cause for leaving.—ll, WINDSOR ROAD., Levenshulme, Manchester.

TO BE SOLD, ths enant's Interest In that aplendid T Milk and Dairy Farm. namely, the LOWBRFOLD FARM, Heyslde, near Oldham ; about 38 acres, all grass. in the best of heart, with good retail milk round in the town, delivery twice a day ; stock and fixtures at valuation ; plendid opportunity.—Apply IT THE FIRM.

TO PARTIES WANTING A SOUND BUSINESS IN LIVERPOOL. RO WN A N D C 0 . ACCOUNTANTS. TRA,NSFER BUSINRSS AGENTS AND VALUERS. RsTAßLuiffEn 1875. WILL BUY, SELL, OR VALUE ANY I)LASS OF BUSINESS, STOCKS. OR MACHINEI,Y, WILL FIND YOU A PARTNER WITH To £5OOO, NO SALE, NO CHARGE. SOUTH JOHN STREET. LIVERPOOL.

HEAVILEY, STOCKPORT.—To Capitalists and Builbefs. —Chance seldom 0ff,r...1.-7,360 square yards, with 25 fards frontage to one of the best main roads in lingland ; Is absolutely free from chief rent or building restrictions or any kind ; is well surrounded with large works and other first-clats property, and still accept 4d. in one lot at 30 years' purchase (or newest offer).—Apply (first) to W. IlieGtisß)THAm, 29, London-road, Hazel- grove, Stockport.

inartitnerg, etc. pATENT OFFIC 18- MAtircHRBTHR W4TABLISRED IN 1835. Messrs, GRORGH DAVIES & SON' hare ba more than 40 years' personal experienceln connaction with this Rstabllsn merit and possess pra etiaal knowlerice of the cotton, woolle: mai iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 64, Colonial and coreign Pateat Laws," price Is. 3RORGII DAVIE:4, (7.R., & SON, P.T.P.A., H.S.A 4. sp. ANNT SQII&RE. MANORESTRR.

T. GEORGE'S IRON W0111C.3. LIMIT4ID (late Orinerod, k./ Grierion and Co.), Hulrne. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLRY PATTHRNS in the trade, in addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, PP'!ey and Tooth Block Patterns etc., Le:longing to the late Henry Wren and Co., London road Iron Works, Manchester, ants are in a polition to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,ann (all kir is of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and eulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ormerod Grierson.lManchester."

(IYCLIC9, High-class, £5 10s. Free wheel, rim brakes, l„.) plated rims. Guaranteed lists free.—G. E. EDwAflns & Co., Vulcan Works, Aston, Birmingham. riIIYRBS•—S MALL Q UANTITY, FIXTBA Q UALITY, beaded 1 edge or with flaps ready for wires; satisfaction guaran- teed ; ss. 6d. carriage paid ; new wheels from 55.—BLAY- LOCK, 24. Moorland rd., Birkenhead.

A BOON TO OYOLISTS.—AIr tubes that can be removed II or replaced wit. out touching wheel adjustments anp fit either 28 in. or 26 in. wheels ; best Para rubber, Dunlo. valve, 13 in. or If In., 6s. post free. —SUCCESS CYCLS CO 11, Trinity Square, Tower Hill. B.C.

26 I_s HICAL OFFISH. GHNT's SWIFT. New S. Departure Hub : Free Wheel; Back Pedalling a,xl Front Rim Brakes, Complete with acces- sories and celluloid mud guards. Splendid order; New Condition; Inspection invited.—Apply at once 28, PCY STREET, Warringtol.

DON'T BUY CHEAP CY..; LBS. BUY CYCLBS CHEAP T offer you New Revolution Cycles, Micrometer free-wheel, _l_ 2 Crabbe rim-brakes, Clipper tyres, Perry chain, best work and finish throughout, fully guaranteed for Two Years, listed 13i cash price nett, 6i guineas, to clear off this season's stock at the greatly reduced price of £5 17s. 6d. Better Value has never been offered. Approval willing!). PEARC 2, ALBERT ST., RUGBY.

iNtatlianous, on 'ate, dr.

BUTTHRFLIRS.—CompIete outfit fgr collecting; 108. 6d.. post free.—BasTlN Biwa—The Hatherley Rooms,Reading. STAMPS.-35 rare varieties, and three high class pictorial posteards.3d—SmYTH STAMP Co.,Boscombe,Bournernouth.

CitST-OFF-CLOTRING. Beginntrs supplied. Splendid £3 bates, large profits.- BAINE'S Wardrobe Stores,Scarborough - PRRTTY NUNSVHILING BLOCS% lined, 41, 11d.— Particulars Miss BAMFOHD, Churchill Raunds, , boro.

44 Air ATIIINIONIAL POST," realed 5d., with circular 9d.; LVI distance Immaterial.—Ennon, 10, Trafalgar Build- ings, London, W.C.

91RAMCAR BODIRS, on SALIS, make excellent out-houses 1 for gardens. &c.—L. JAGGER, Jackson st., London rd., Mancbebter,

MINS AND LETTERS of every description made to order by B. R. LATHAM, Gia,s Decorator and Signmaker, 89, Renshaw at, Liverpool.

CH Q CASH-TILL. polished; made from solid mahogany, brass and steel fittings. 30s. new ; bargain. ICAsTaam, Brimecall. Lancashire. CHESS AND DRAUGHro.—Players by Correspondence can hear of useful Novelty by sending addressed envelope to F. P., 27 Whyke rd., ChichPster. 4,ITRONG GREENHOUSE ON SALE, fitted with cold frame and heatine apparatus complete; almost new.— J. OSB ,RNP, Knutsford rd.. Warrington.

SQUIT LHNGTHS, marvellous value, Bs. 6d., Ils., 12s. Od. Ice.; also Trouserings, patterns free.—J. HA.RPER Woollen 3lerehant. Gledhoir, Hncidersfißld.

'IIGAR9.--50 Good 3d. Cigars 6s post free. 50 Good k.. 1 smaller. 3s. 6d. post free. Ib isox Virginia Cigarettes about 160, 38. 4d.—Bawrizotomaw Gravesend.

QMOKII GRADY'S DtiVENDBIL TOBACCO" It does not IJ burn the tongue," Sold everywhere in packets with coupon Wholesale.—GßADY. King at., Wigan. NINrATRIMONY.—Widow (52) with comfortable borne °-I°'v Correspondence with Gentleman about 60 baring El weekly.—S. L.. 223 Mill lioad, Cambridge.

LARGH assortment of tie w and Second-hand Leather Suit Cases, Cabin Trunks, Portmanteaus, and Bags to be sold cheap —WENTER, 107 Charing Cross rd., London.

rrYPE-WRlTlNG.—Highest class ; Bd. thousand. Chen- -1 tars duplicated cheap. —Box 2014. c/o SHiRROW THATCHER, West at., Cambridge Circus, London, W.O.

FOWL CORN. 7s 6d. lOs 6d, 12 6d. 2401 be ; Pig Food. is 6d and Poultry Meal, Bs. and 10s., per 2001bs.—ItocaE AND Co., 15. Goree piazzas Liverpool. mention paper.

BRAUTIFUL Enlargements, w ell finished, and ounted ready for framing, post free on rec.ipt of photo and 7s. 6d.—C. FoRsTER, 83 Heneage at., Grimsby. SOIRNTIFTO ASTROLOGY.—Jth t a test, P.O. is. You'l have a 10s. 6d. nativity afterwards. World-wide connection. —Birth-line. ac., to H DA...TH. 24 Salisbury rd., W. Bromwich.

AIPROVR YOUR POI Rules tor Success' (pam- /Wet). P.O.is. post free. Rules applicable to every ciao, of situation. Will make you earn poun is more.— CRANFIELD, 24, Trinity at., Cardiff.

RBADING PIANO MUSIC made easy by Professor Hans Wagner's system of notation. Send Ir. for piece of music and particuIars.—INTERNATIONAL MUSIC CO., 7 Bury St., Bloomsbury, London.

A STROLOGY.—Test Horoscope of Character, Buiness, /I. Marriage, Health, and Changes.—Send birth date, ls . and stamped envelope, • VENUS' (N), 4, Stranton Terrace. Fulwell road, Sunderland.

D. SROURRS Complete PRINTING OUTFIT, or 2 letter t... 1 monogram (self-inking) boxed; 71. socires 7 yea- date. Itnergetic .gents wanted. commis.ion good.—RICCA.HD Bum 195 Old Christchurch .oad. Bournemouth,

POSTC'ARD BLENDS B, Colourel cards, 12 d)fferent Is., 24 is 10d , 3 2s. 94. C West Norfolk, I?. different is., 24 Is. 6a., 36 2s. 48 2s. 64.,—(1. W. THOMPSON, 12, Valinger's Road King's Lynn, Norfolk.

NRTTING. HTTING. Rabbit Nets, FootbalitGoal Nets, 111 Ring Net*, Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every deacription.THomas Joiorsom's, Net Warehouse Corporrtion-street, Manchester.

IMPORTANT TO SROPKERPHR9.—Send P.O. I.oa. 6d L for our wonderful parcel of carded Pencils. Penholders Rubbers and Brushes, to retlii at 18s. 6d. Carriage paid Good selling lines.—Witsow & GODDIN, Woodford.

813 SOI D.—Farnworth. near Widues.—The extensive Works, lately uied by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards af Freehsld Dull, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address Holamu, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

QAVE YOUR HAY AND CoßN,—Dixon's Steel and Iron /L 7 Barns are ecnnoinical, durable, quickly erected, storm proof, give protection against fire, can be cheaply removed ; save their cost In few years; thousands in use. prices reduced; 3 yearly payments if desired. —lsaac Dixon, Windsor Iron- works, Edge Hill, Liverpool. LOOK You have all helped to pay for them before.— ..ILATiIe Guaros' Military Knee Boots, smart appearance. 7s. 6d. per pair; Naval Knee Roots, very strong, 61. 6d. per pair ; Bluchers, ss. 6d., per pair ; any size ; carriage paid. Lash returned if not approved of.—HENRY J. GASSON Government Contractor, Rye.

CONSHRVATORlRS,greenhouses,frames, 21 oz greenhouse glass, qt,ndios, sheds,Bre. Intending purchasers can ob- tlin the best for quality, designs. and cheapness from E. lionsom, Manufacturer, Tyldesley. List and estimates free. State wants.

BAT/GEOM.—BUSINESS, TOURING or SPORTING SUIT, made to measure 15e. 9d., vvarraated all wool, best finish, perfect fit and style guaranteed or money returned; sketch ani pattern. sent. —Cmarti,ma SEYMOUR, Chapel Walks, Manchester.

C‘KLBENO" removes Dirt, Grease, Stains, &c. from hands like magic ; unlike Pumice Stone or Sand, it leaves the skin smooth, white, an,l delicately p -rfurn.d.— Write to-day and send three stamps for a 6d. bor from SAVO CO . la, Green Lanes. Stoke Newington N, London.

IHINA AND EARTHENWARE. Cheapest in tpe trade Seconds crates from £2. Every assortment. China, Gilt Seconds is. dozen. Hawkers, Marketmen and Shop- keepers should write at once for free Price List.—Noume.corr ART POTTERY, rept' 14, Normacot Works. Longton. Staffs

'llO FRUIT GROWBRS AND HOUSBWIVICS.—Fruit bottling by French process. Costs practically nothing, no trouble, bottles full,good appearance, keep years. When. fruit is plentiful, bottle, and realise good prices later on Beeipe sent for 2s.—MtTCHELL, Ladybridge-road, Stockport

NVATCHES. £6 WATCH FOR 30 SKI f.TANGS. AD- VRILTISBR wishes to sell an extra massive steritng silver-cased Calendar Watch. Keyless. L bowing automically Time, Day, Date, Month, and Phases of the Moon. Accept 30s. 3nly. Case alone worth the money. Week's approval on receint of P.O.for 155., balance by arrangement,—HENßY, 1 Burnell Road, Sutton, Surrey.

ISCELLA NEOUS. —Naval Pensioners, Hotel Kteners, IVI Ac. Real Navy Flannel. is. id. per yard ; serge 16.3 d; Blankets, 15s. pair ; patterns free. Al quality silver-plated officers mess goods. Teaspoons, 9s. per doz. ; Desserts. 12s. Table. 21s. ; Dessert Forks, 12s. ; Table. 155.; Cheese Knives 12s , Table, 7.55. ; sample spoon on receipt 9d- ; list free. - BAKER, Pawnbroker, Queen pt., Portsmouth. %tab 1828. SS. Carriage paid YOUR PHOTO ENLA.ItGBD,--nci mounted on best plate-sunk mount measuring 201 n., by 161 n , and finished by the new and beautiful airbrush ' process (real gems of art) see testimonials Original returned uninjured. Send photo with postal-note for 55., to the " CROWN" PHOTO-ENLAHOING Co, 59, and 61, Keivinside Avenue. Glasgow. TF YOU RHQUIRK INFO/04E0110N concerning Conti- nental Premium Bonds, apply to the Continental Pre- mium Bonds Company, who arranke Cash Advances on fully paid Premium Bonds ; reasonable interest on terms to be arranged. Bonds purchased Ci,mblnations of Bonds for sale by easy instalments. et Current Market Prices on Con- tinental Bourses, inclusive of brokerage and small charge for interest. —THE CONTINENrAL PRE VIITA BONDS Co.. 31 West Suuniside, Sunlerland. Telegrams : ' Premium, Sunderland.

FOUND DEAD. IANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers kj well. "After one dressing I found 135 dead next morn - Ing."—J. BUSH, Helsthorpe, Leighton. " I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."—O. COOK, Fernier. Nllesmere. destroyed 145 rats with it."—O. WiLsom. Offord.—Send is 2d to SANFORD & SON, Sandy, Berl.. Sold by Chembits

illebiral.

WITHOUT STOMACEIIO DOSlNG.—Ohronie Eczema and Ringworm Cured; remedies 13d.--.10. HARRIS' See., 119 Hanover st., Sbeffield. QTRRILITY in women ; its causes and curative treatment. Ll By a late Senior Ptlysielan to a Hospital for women. New bclltion just published,post free 35.8 d.—SHELLEY & Co. LTD.,3B, Gracechurch at., London.

EIXPERIRNCRD Male and Female NURSTAS at a LI moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NITUREB INsrtru- nom, Hope House, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telepho3e 2570 Royal. Telegraphic Address" Nurses."

eburat ton.

UNIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHooL FOR Boys. W. MINDBELSON, M.A., Principal,

-- A HOLIDAY SCHOOL at Schorne College, Winslow. I'l Bucks. Careful individual Coaching for examinations Sparta. Cricket, Golf, Gymnasium, Rowing. Cycling, 30s. per week.—Apply to the HEADMIST&R. OXFORD HOUSE SCHOOL, sr. ANNES-ON-THE-SEA. —BOYS Prepared for the Public Schools. Thorough grounding andindiviaualteaching. New, specially designed buildings. Mid term begins June 17th. Principal J. F. BRINDLE, B.A. (Oxon).

ST. ASAPH GRAMMAR SOHOuL, WALAS. PUBLIC BOARDING SCHOOL. Well equipped. Laboratory, Workshop. Healthy, pi2turesque situation. Near Cathe- dral. BracinA air. Individual attention. Preparation for university, professional. snd commercial exams.—E. MAINE.St, M.A., B.Sc., head master. ‘,ZOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. SC kRISBRICR NEW-ROAD. One of the LARGEST PRIVATH SCHOOLS in the North of England. CAPT. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P.. F.R.G.S., Head Master.

ELINItIBI' WILKE6, A.L.C.M., Professor of LVI Muslc,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three—manual organ for pupils' practice.--For terms apply 134, LOVELIt-LANE Warrington.

THE PRIORY, WAKRINGIoN.—HIGLI tuHOOL FOR GIRLS AND KINuERGARTRN. PRINCIPALS :—The MISSHS WILLIAMS (Cert. Universi- ties of Oxford,Cambridge. London; Trinity Ooll•ge, London.) The scbool will re-oprn on Wednesday. September 14th, 1904 Boys under 10 yeare of age are admitted. PHOSPBOTUSISS &e., on application to the principals, who will be at home after September 2nd.

HIGH. SCHOOL, 23, W ILMON PATTEN- STREET, WARRINGroN. PRINCIPALS : THE MISSES PARTINGTON (rtilicate4 Oxford Women's, Oxford and Cambridge Senior Locals Trinity College London &c.) NEXT THEM WILL COM ktENCE THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 22ND. "At Home" Wednesday. September 21st. PROSPECTUSES AND TESTIMONIALS ON APPLICATION.

WARM GTON GRAMHAR SCHOOL—THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15TH. THE HEAD MASTER will be at home to INTERVIEW PARENTS on WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 142 n, PREPARATORY FORM for BOYS from 8 to 12 years of age. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, Bcc., PROSPW2TUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION.

M ANC ti hSTER GRAMMAR, SCHOOL. FEE, £4 4s. per term. N.B.—Boys entering over 14 years ot ag3 pay £5 ss. per annum. THE runcr TERM BEGINS T(JRSDAY, SEPT EMBER 13th, Entrance Examination, MONDAY SEPTEMBER 12th, at 9 a.m. PROSPECTUSES, FORMS OF APPLICATION, Ac, may be had at the school. Th., boarding house in connection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. The Art behool Evening Classes re-open on Monday, September 19th. A class for ladies and teachers is also held on Saturday morn- ings. ()WEN W. COX, Receiver.

LADIES' COLLEGE URMSTON. NEAR MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. PRINCIPALS: Mrs. E. ELLIDGE, Trained Certificated Teacher, Registered Colwmn E Teachers" Register ; Miss M. HOLLAND, London Trained Kindge•garten Teacher. Full staff of Resident English and Fortign Mis- tresses, and Visiting Professors. PuAls prepared for Oxford and Cambridge Local and Music Examinations. FERE MoDERATE. PROSPECTUS and REFERENCES ON APPLICATION.

EXTERNAL TREATMENT.—SIMPLE, SAFE ORE LAIN NO HUMBUG, NO BUNKUM. GUARANTEED THE MOST WONDERPUL SPEC! FOR HUMAN SUFFERING- EVER PLACED !BEFORE THE PUBLIC. VITA-LEO CONQUERS Pain, Sicknesg, and Suffering. Restores and Preserves Health, Prolongs Life. AN IDEAL EMBROCATION FOR lATHLETES. VITA—LEO OINTMENT CURES Ba Legs, Ulcers, Sores, Wounds, Eczema, and other Skin Diseases. Blood Poison, Piles. Fistula, dm POST FREE: VITA-Llio is. 3d., is. 9d., and 2s. 9d ; OINTMENT, 7d. and is. Id. Direct from Manufacturers, IIie6SARD AND CO., 180 GREAT BRITAIN STREET. DUBLIN. Pamphlet on" Disease, Cause, Prevention and Cure" free PLEASE MENTION THIS PAPER.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER COMPLAINTS, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS HEADACHE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTION. DR. scnrs PILLS NERVOUS DR SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF APPETITE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS COSTIVENESS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices and 2s. 9d.

ASK YOUR BAKER FOR "VEDA" BREAD. THE MOST DIGESTIBLE, DELICIOUS AND NUTRIIIOUS. EVERY LOAF IN A SEA.LED WRAPPER. AGFCNTS J. lOFT AND SON. 98, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

MCDOW ELLS, LIMITED, MASKERY'S COACH WORKS WARRINGTON AND NORTHW All kinds of CARRIAGES in Stock, or Built to Orler. ERPAIRB and RENOvATIONS carried out, ExPEntriousLy, ECoNOmECALLY, SATIsrACToRILY. PATENT NW CONSTRUCTION BROUGHAM, VERY LIGHT AND STRONG. Every description of MOTOR CAR BODY to order. ESTIMATES AND TESTIMONIALS oN Ap.LICAT/ON. TJlephone 409 x, Warrington.

2/6 PER (Lst LEINR,L.A.E.) QUART orrSCOTCH. AND MISR WWSREY ALSO IT • 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON - RO3, lArts's PdatiOHMUN. 20, RIINSHAW STREE e, LIVIORPOOL, (2 Minutes from Cleutral sad Lime Street Stations.)

• . 4 ~ ; • ...,.,,, • •c„ `.4 ~. It „ . , / -,,e :. .... . 1 .t. ..). ''''. t, 1 ." .... r _...1. .., ..., Z ' ,:e r'?"...,T ) ''''''''.. •. , r;4...- 1 i 04,i ''',. '1:-.: ' • . / 4.,,,,- %. vai , ,1,,,,t Fit,..e • , '.-e,A , ,0 `w ir V ` Ns , • .9;,4"1. The finest Messina Lemons ' \ g are used in the manufacture of Eiffel Tower Lemonade. You can neither AikicNP vNI„ ,1 .. ,\, make nor buy another beverage that tastes so good or quenches thirst so well. "" :-.."- 'mil . : ..... A Cd. BOTTLE MAKES 2 GALLONS OF HOME-MADE --.r.-_-. .. • A _ - .4- ik •,, =. I • .I'.' • ' . • ,

The "ILLUSTRATED MEDICAL NEWS" says: "Infants do remarkably well on it, and it is most suitable "for many conditions of adults and old people. There is "certainly a great future before it." • um. 9 d 4 enger 3 00" is quite distinct, from any other. fta possesses the remarkable property of rendering Milk with which it, is mixed when used, quite easy of digestion by Infants and Invalids Dear Sir, GLASGOW. I desire to add my testimony to the splendid qualities of your Infant's Food. My son has been fed on ' Benger's Food' since birth, and never had a day's illness; I enclose his photograph, taken at 6 months. You are quite at liberty to use this letter, for I think every one should know its value. Yours truly, Benger's Food is sold in Tins by Chemists, etc., everywhere.

CROP'S PATENT PIPE. • ..,..: PATENT: No. 16333.) This invention 'effectually prevents any moisture or ' -'"".„,:'• -‘ ''''. '--. - :4'. - nicotine either entering the mouth or coining in . `,,, •• • - .-\.: .-..., . ;.. W.' ' ' contact with the tobac.:.o. Any condensadon which -,... ...:::,•:.p......,.,..44.0. *„. . ,C might take olace is immediately drie,l up by the .',,x, ~.<`..t....!: ~.'`,"k•••.,l' •;.?, ~•• ,----,,,C absorber (E) so that the smoke is not only cool but %. entirely free from acridity caused by dampness W . - , --, s_r,- --A --, A,:•-- • - .. .5' B / D _.••'// A Wholesale of CHARLES CROP and SONS. ~, -, , $,.• --, 4: e.fiz' ' / Brooksby's Walk, Homerton, London, E. •'-,,- ~ --, - - Retail of all Tobacconists Price from 1/6.

jEwsßuily & BRowNss (MANCHESTER) Mineral Waters. BY APPOINTMENT OF KING EDWARD VII.

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE. OF OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. A RECORD CURE ! AN INFALLIBLE REMEDY ! ! 32, Archer-street, Breakfast Creek, Bayswater, Brisbane Queensland London, W. Dear Sir,—Some 15 years ago I had the misfortune Dear Sir,—Sunday night my big toe pained me, on be attacked with Rheumatic Gout. I tried nearly all Monday it was much worse and in the evening I could the doctors here, but they did not do me much good. I scarcely walk. At 6 ,p.m. worse, for a bottle of your saw your advertisement and obtained some of your Gout Pills, and took two at once. At 9.30 I was much pills, and I can assure you quickly got relief. When I relieved, and could eat my supper. I took another feel any of the pains coming on, two or three pills gen- before going to bed, and although so hot I got a fair erally take them away. Many of my friends have used night's rest. I have taken two more pills to-day, and them, and all say they are an infallible remedy. For now, at 6.30, lam alright again. This is a record cure, myself, I say there are none to equal them. Yours truly, Yours truly PHILIP BRANS. S. L. HOVVMAN. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all In. injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is li-d and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell road, London. ' GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

. ,1 , • 0.1 . . ~ ''',..,. • , 4 4 ~,,,,r.. _ ,:. ....;,..,.. ...,.....„.1.: 1. -• :ir.,741, -,,,,,,z,:f0 it coJ , .., . 4 d,..._. —'''',lo,4lll‘.-----,-i,%----..;----L-gi -----------------------,-----_,,=_-_,-,7 ~ c. --4,. ,-.. . • . . .4a. •Ss. A ~,,' 111% 4. 4 i CS 1, ' (e"..'"''',. '.....7*' (41, Mellig I •TrP? '1'1;51 - -..--. AIMMEN• I . 6 #O.:. 451P2kti ' • . ' ..L._......, ..... ~........C....' .........0.... ....„ ............... ~=... ................. ' Z .1' ' '' 1 : '''' . , - . - ' .' ' '. ' ' L ; P ; • :-',=',- ....!•,,e- , ~ ..: ,:., 0 . .., ... , tii,.... 7 " . h. . - *.',o .. . ... ' ..;:,'-' - , -.-.,... 't.:;,,-.....„. :7,..,,i.1i - Universal Cookery G 0 L D Royal Albert Hall, & Food Exhibition, MEDAL April, 1904. Wepock, al) ehisvelth 'W‘V.I44O DR. ANDREW WILSON. HIGHEST AWARD. "Cambridge Lemonade is well known to "After a series of careful tests, the Jurors the and I can thoroughly recommend it as a !warded_ the Gold Medal to t.Caem,ltfir most agreeable beverage. It is prepared from. lailebillen, sith awn ifsor th. deer thse dilstiguishcrl selected Lemons; and contains no added acid. patronage of AL the King."— Cambrfdge Lemonade cannot be surpassed." April 80, 1904. Grocers' J ournat. 9icl. per Bottle, sufficient to make 2 Gallons. CHIVERS & SONS, Ltd., HISTON, CAMBRIDGE. FIRST ENGLISH FRUIT GROWERS' JAM FACTORY.

GLASGOW AND EARLY CLOSING. Two Months' Experience. Glasgow has now had a couple of months' experience of universal ten o'clock closing of public-houses, and a comparison of the "drunks " and criminal cases with the corresponding period last year is very favourable to the new order of things. The diminution in the Mon- day" drunks "works out at an average of 37 per week, as the following statement shows : 1901. 1903 Decrease Monday, 30th May 127 ... 161 ... 34 „ 6th June ll5 .. 131 ... 36 „ 13th „ ~ 20th „ „ 27th f 7 4th July 164 ... 212 ... 48 If 11th „ „ 18th „ „ 25th „ • Ist Aug l3B ... 108 ... 1-30 1,197 1,535 338 Taking the returns for complete weeks the figures for " drunks " alone show an average decrease of 41 per week : 1904. 1903. Decrease. , Week ended 4th June... 223 ... 25-1 ... 26 11th „ ... 243 ... 262 ... 19 • 18th „ ... 200 ... 305 ... 105 25th „ ... 225 ... 310 ... 85 ff 2nd July ... 234 ... 278 ... 44 If 9th „ 288 324 ... 36 16th „ ... 440 ... 463 ... 23 23rd „ 281 ... 281 f 30th „ 118 ... 150 ... 32 ff 2,237 ... 2,627 ... 370 The figures for all cases including " drunks" also show a decrease on the whole of 77 per week :- 1904. 1903. Decrease. Week ended 4th June-. 892 ... 1013 ... 121 • 11th „ ... 969 ... 1019 ... 50 18th „ 896 ... 1215 ... 319 25th „ 1064 ... 1031 ... 1-13 • 2nd July._ 909 ... 1052 .- 143 9th .- 1112 ... 1177 ... 65 f 16th „ .....1392 ... 1342 ... 1-50 ff 23rd „ 960 ... 970 ... 10 ff 30th „ 679 729 ... 50 - 8873 ... 9568 ... 695

WIGAN MURDER TRIAL. In the Crown Court at Liverpool Assizes on Tuesday, before Mr. Commissioner Lawrence, K.C., a Wigan collier named William Turner, 45, was indicted for the wilful murder of his wife on the second of May. It was stilted for the prosecution that on the day of the murder the prisoner had taken laudanum or opium, but an emetic was admimistered, and he was none the worse. Later in the even- ing cries were heard, and a neighbour try- ing to °pea the door, found it locked. Presently it was unlocked, and the prisoner came out, saying," I have done it ; I have finished her. You can go and fetch a policeman." The woman's death was due to hemorrhage from a wound in the throat. In evidence it was stated that the prisoner had been low-spirited, which was the reason he took the laudanum, and that some years ago he attempted to jump into a reservoir. Mr. Rigby Swift, his coursel, pleaded to the jury that there was a reasonable doubt as to the prisoner's sanity. The jury found that the prisoner was guilty, but was in- sane at the time he committed the crime, and he was ordered to be detained during the King's pleasure. • THE KEY TO HEALTH. Sufferers can time their money returned if not satisfied with Holdroyd's Gr4vel Pills. Guaranteed a Positive Cure for Grieve!, Lumbago, Pains In the Back. Dropsy, Wind, Water Complaints, Diseases of the Kidneys, Bladder. Urinary Organ, Stone, , Gout, Sciatica. and Rheumatism. Is. lid., ail Chemists; post free 12 stamps. Holdroyd's Medleal Hall, Cleckheaton, Yorks. , .•, , .

MAKES THE SKIN asSOFTas VELVET sv.E.ll' Remoresall ROUGHNESS. ite9- REDNESS, HEAT, IR RITATION, TAN,and KEEPS THE SKIN SOFT, SM 0 OTH, arta WHITE ALL THE YEAR ROUND. COOLING & REFRESHING cl.urirt9 the summer Bottles.,_ —,l/,1/9.and2/6each. M. BEETHAIVI S.; SON, Cheltenliam.

Sent Elastic Trusses Pr.° g 4 on trial. Pa_y when cured. Dr. Brook, rupture plaster cure. Never before offered for sale to those who are rup- tured, mention paper. Hernia Cure Co. 2, Frederick Crescent, Brixton, London, S.W N 44 Used Successfully 34 Years. O4For Eczema, Burns, Scalds. Ring- 4S" (CN worms, Wounds, Sores, aud Skin rßantfill MARK' Eruptions of every kind. IT WILL CURE YOU. OINTMENT Prices 70., 1/4, and 2/9. WHITEHOUSE sold by all Chemists, or post free from EARWOOO E. B. WHITEHOUSE. m rmwick - Z 3 BEARWOOD RD., SMETHWICK.

TIRED MEN. When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing Electril Belts, write tome, and I will send you a Book, which shows how every man, young and old, may be quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOUSNESS. EXHAUSTION, VARICDOELR, And DR BILITY, from any cause whatever, WITHOUT STOMACH IItIEDIC:NV, or ELECTRICITY. Huntireds of cures. Book sent sealed,post ree. for two stamps.—A. J. LRIGH, 92 end 93,Great Russell t., London, W.C. Over seventeen years' successful results.

IThe BEST WATCHES are BENSON'S" LMAKE."N Unequalled for Accuracy, Durability, and Strength. Buy of the Actual Makers and Save ONE nrmatio. In Silver Cases. In 18-ct. Gold , Cases- Ztc BENSON'S ~..,. .ar. A 5 _1212 , _..... \. . -. , WORLD FAMOUS '-' ' 'LUDGATE' \ --1 , , „4 \, ~ . \-- BEST, and STRONGEST, London Made / THREE - QUARTER PLATE English -. , ' \- ' ..,, Lever Watch. ' . Chronometer Balance, ail Latest Improvements, 6..._,,\ 'l,- ' 4 Silver Cases with Crystal Glass. "2"..10,_ Made in Three Sizes, at one Price, .E 5 ss. In Massive 18 et. Gold Cases, withzlCorystal Glass, '': Gentlemen's, £l3 12s. Ladies', i,o s. \) A j.,11::. i on °lc " (Et, CtE tut c 0 , SI. oSTFEM ' - '' r MONTHLY PAYMENTS At same Prices as for CASH. " -----r'q al . , / 7 ,OL irr , 4- '); - 1' 'av ' . Pearls, £l.ss. GEM RINGS. Brilliant, Rubies, tisosr. 10 000 ALWAYS IN STOCK : AT MAKERS' CASH PRICES. 11.1 ILLUSTRATED BOOK of Watches, Clocks, ...,`"l4 •.,- _e Brilliants and Chains, Rings, Brooches, " Imperial " Plate, ' Sapphires, £2.105. Cutlery and Bags. POST FREE. Brilliants, £4 .4s. The Premier Watchmakers IWN BENSON, Lid, of the World. FE-WY: 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON; E.C.

Pitts's Renowned Houses of F urniture AT 154. 224, 28:1.., 3£3!; 50, 75, 1.00, 200, up to 3,000 Gu.neas are the embodiment of everythinz that iR EXCELLENT .nd -NECESSARY for tho embellishment o the home. They are incomparably SUPERMI IN VALUE AND APPEARANCE to other. Particulars and Pitts's Illustrated F urnishing Guide, Ccntainirg 800 Artistic Designs, PRICED at ABOU I HALF USUAL FIGURES, GRATIS AND POST FREE. Pitts's Model Furnished House Is always on view. Comprises Dining, Drawing, Three Bedrooms, Ktrhen, n d S,•ullnry completely furnished. EVERYTtIING NEW for 200 Guineas. Also THIRTEEN SPECIMEN FURNISHED ROOMS at trim 7 t 125 Guinea. Each are grand value. DETAILS and PHOTOS FREE.

K E AT I N C'S POWDER 0w:4.. 4tem...., vAei r BUGS A FLEAS MOTHS: BEETLES k;

TOW LE S' el°E _ PILL'S = 70 BE HAD OF ALL CHEMISTS.IN BOXES ,//1.2/9, - OR 46,0 R SENT ANYWHERE ON RECEIPT OF /Sic Oli 55 . STAMPS BY EITOWIE di C.:66.10NC ROM' NOTTINCIIAM.

BLAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC 'PILLS. A LOTION MAY TEMPORARILY SOOTBE,BUT A BLAIR'S GOUT AND • RHEUMATIC PILL goes to the root of the mischief, and is really the only true remedy for Gout, Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Lu mbago. All Chemists and Stores atl s. PA. and 25.9 d. per box.

Only those who ride a Premier

- cusTAID po Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custard is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. I NO EGGS! NO RISK I NO TROUBLE!

handicap on Wednesday evenina, and the contest ix. expected to be concluded in a fortnight. To-day the club will entertain the respected president (Mr. John Naylor) at Chester. The following arrange- ments have been made :—ln the event of WOE the 2.1.5 p.m. train to Chester will be taken. The steamer will leave Capners' Landing Stage at 5 p.m. Tea will be served at Eccleston Ferry, at 6. p.m. The steamer will return from the Ferry at 7.30 p.m. Cycles can be left at Mr. Capners. The Committee hope that every avail- able member will try and be present, and also bring a lady friend, if possible. Tuesday evening's destination will be Lymm. , The Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Club visited Southport on Bank Holiday, and spent a grand time at the popular resort. Leaving Sankey about seven o'clock, South- port was reached soon after ten. The various attrac- tions were patronized, and the homeward journey was safely accomplished by about ten o'clock. To-day is President's Day, and after a short run the Club will be entertained by Councillor Dodds at- Penketh House. LIGHTING-UP TIME. To-night 8.57 Sunday 855 Monday 8.53 Tuesday a 8.51 Wednesday Thursday Friday Local Athletic Successes. • Several Warrington athletes gained successess last week-end. At the Runcorn Cycle Club Sports on Friday and Saturday, in the 120 yards handicap (open), A. Sinclair gained the second prize. J. Houghton, of Stockton Heath, vvasiflrst in the one mile and two mile bicycle handicaps, and is to be congratulated upon a fine performance. At the Runcorn Boating Club's Regatta, J. Peers, of Warrington S.C., was second in the 150 yards swimming' race (open). At the Horsham Athletic Club sports on Bank HotidaY a peat attraction was a two miles witch, in which A.. Shrubb, the one, four and ten miles amateur champion, met C. J. Straw, of Warrington, the northern junior cross-country champion. Shrubb conceded his opponent 100 yards start. Running in grand style, Shrubb rapidly decreased the gap. He drew level with his rival in the sixth lap, took the lead in the next circuitr and finally won easily in 9min. 33 1-ssecs. -- Football. • In another month we shall have entered on the foot- ball season. Clubs are already looking out for new' players. The Leigh club have been successful, so we aø' told in every Liverpool and Manchester paper, in making two important captures in South Wales. Ernest A. Cochlin, who has played half back for Cardiff during the last two seasons, and has also played to- Glamorgan- shire and in the international trial, has signed on for them. He is 22 years of age. Gamer Matthias, who has played full back for London Welsh and Maesteg and is 20 years old, has also signed. In addition W these two players, Leigh have also secured the services of Threlfall, the Morecambe centre three-quarter, and Houghton, a half back from a Runcorn junior club. Phil Thomas, the Oldham and Lancashire three-quarter back, has thrown in his lot with Leeds. It is state& that 'the transfer fee is the highest yet paid in N.T.J. football. The "Athletic News" football annual for 1904-5 h 0 made its appearance for the eighteenth successive year, and can be obtained on and after to-day (Saturday.) The guide consists of 228 pages and contains the results of last season, and all the official. fixtures of the various leagues for the campaign about to commence, lists of international players, the laws of the Association and Northern Union games, and much other valuable information. The Portraits are those of Mr. T. BaddeleY (Wolverhampton Wanderers and England), H. Burgess (Manchester City and England), P. S. Hancock (Rich- mond and England), James Watson Sunderland and Scotland), L. AT. McLeod (Cambridge University and Scotland), R. Atherton (Middlesbrough), and Joseph Wallace (Ireland). The Secretaries' Directory will he" found more extensive than ever. WARRINGTON AUDITORS' REPORT- The Outstanding Accounts. The Warrington borough aulitors presented the fol- lowing report at the last, meeting of the finance Cora- mittee Warrington. 26th July, 1901. The Mayor, Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Warrington. Gentlemen,— BOROUGH AUDIT. We have audited the books of account of the Corpora- tion for the year ended 31st March, 1904, and subject to our remarks below certify them to be correct. The securities for Investments have been produced to us and we have found the same to be in order. By an Order of the Council, dated 6th February,- 1990, the heads of the departments were instructed to forward all accounts for materials supplied and work done for the Corporation during the previous financial year to the Borough Treasurer, as soon es-, possible after the 31st March. A copy of this reso- lution was sent to each department by the Borough Treasurer early in March this year, with a request ' that it should be acted upon, but insufficient notice appears to have been taken of it, as we find that out- standings amounting to a considerable sum were not includ,,d in the accounts under review. The Corporation officials have rendered everi assistance, arid we have pleasure in stating that the' books are kept in a very satisfactory manner. We are, gentlemen, yours faithfullj , JAMES FAIROLOUGH, Mayor's Auditor. EDWIN BRADSHAW,Chartered Accountant,i Elective . JAMES BALL, Auditor The Borough Treasurer reported that the " outstand' rugs" referred to by the auditors amounted to £2,700. £1,113 of which represents accounts due to the Gas' Electricity and Water Departments ; and after explana- tion from the Borough Treasurer and Borough SurveYor as to the difficulty of getting in accounts, it Wes resolved that the Town Clerk be instructed to direct the attention of the head officials of each department to the' resolution of the Council of the 6th February, 1900, and to request them to insist upon the intentions of the' resolution being carried out in future. YESTERDAY'S PARLIAMENT. Scene In the House. A scene occurred in House of Commons last evening on Mr. Balfour moving the closure of the Education (Local Authority Default) Bill. The whole of the OP position, led by Mr. Asquith, left the House in a body'. Among the members named by Mr. Lowther as disre; garding the authority of the Chair, were Mr. Ilarwoon and Mr. Lloyd George. The Bill then passed through Committee. Death. On August Ist at St. Elphin's Terrace, 106, MancheS` ter-road, Mr. John Burrows aged 79 years. Interred at Warrington Cemetery, August 4th. Collector at St. Mary's Church, Buttermarket-street, since opening 10 1877. Member Ancient Order of Foresters, Court MeroY No. 240, for over 50 years. Mass will be offered for the' repose of his soul at St. Mary's Catholic Church,Butter- market-street at 11 o'clock to-morrow,(Sunday)morning; 1 Foresters, members of other Friendly Societies isflu• friends kindly accept this, the only invitation R.I.P. TRANYS—JuIy 21st, at Winwick-road, Warringto°, Sarah Travis, aged 85 years. CHANTLER—JuIy 21st, at Knutsford-road, Warrington Mary Chantler' aged 51 years. RowsoN—July 23rd, at Bowes-street, Warringtoll, Martha Rovvson, aged 67 years. HOLMES—JuIy 26th, at Margaret-street, NVarringttul'' William Holmes, aged 60 years. Buaßows—August Ist, at Manchester-road, Warring. ton, John Burrows, aged 79 years.

JOHN WALKSH & CO BOOKBINDERS, PAPHR RULERS, &c.. PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPHERS, BOOKBINDEIRS, PAPER RULERS, &c., JOHN WALKER & CO., EXAMINER OFFICE STREP.. WARRINGTOY
