===== 0002601_19040109_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
pLACARDS. in Blnek and Coloursd Inks, to and size or patt.rn, and on any colour of paper i JOHN W ALICBN AND CO

===== 0002601_19040109_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
FAIR WEAR OR A NEW PAIR.

No 1291

===== 0002601_19040109_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ONE PENN?

===== 0002601_19040109_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
PHONOGRAPH,

GRAMOPHONES'

AND GRAMOPHDNES.

THE CtTY DEPOT FOR THE EDISON. COLUMBIA AND GRAMOPHONE Co's. PHONOGRAPHS AND RECORDS. A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK OF RECORDS. • TEE AMATEUR PHOTOG"APHIC DRPOT. 71, OXFORD-ROAD (NEAR ALL SAINrS), MANCHESTER.

THE EMPIRE THE EMPIRE THE EMPIRE FURNISHING CO THE EMPIRE 300 AND 302, THE

THE EMPIRE VCR EMPIRE THE EMPIRE THE

EMPIRE STOCKPORT ROAD; EMPIRE THEni,.. C-on -M. MANCHESTER, Business THE EMI"' hours: 9.a.m: to 9 p.m.; Saturday 10 EMPIRE THE THE p.m.; Wednesday 1 p.m. EMPIRE Why envy your neighbour's home? EMPIRE :fl TH,E,.„, We will ake your home cosy enough THE "Pl"' with WELL-MADE FURNITURE EMPIRE THE THE on our EMPIRE EMPIRE THE EASY PAYMENT SYSTENI THE EMPIRE at strictly CASH PRICES, which is the EMPIRE IHII reason of our THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE GREAT SUCCESS. THE EMPIRE Intending Purchasers would do well to EMPIRE EMPIRE l TH icspßer OUR STOCK ANDTHE EMPIRE THE JUDGE FOR THEMSELVES. THE EMPIRE General terms. which can be altered. EMPIRE THE Terms: THE EMPIRE Worth. Monthly EMPIRE THE RIO IC.. ME EMPIRE £l6 l4s. EMPIRE THE £2O l6s. THE EMPIRE £3O 24s, EMPIRE THE £5O 3os. THE EMPIRE Or weekly payments in EMPIRE THE proportion. TUB EMPIRE No security and only small deposit. EMPIRE THE Transactions private. Goods sent free. THE EMPIRE Catalogues sent post free. Cars pass EMPIRE THE the door, and the conductor will set you THE EMPIRE down "by request "at EMPIRE THR THE EMPIRE, THE EMPIRE EMPIRE Corner of Milton Street. TH it THE EMPIRE lye pay return railway fare to each EMPIRE THE purchaser, from districts where: this THE lIMPI7tE , (paper is circulated.) EMPIRE

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELLs ' IN K S ::km•

(UNDER ROYAL :PATRONAGE.)

IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES

WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID NEVER FADE!

had wholesale from SAM N. MUNN, MARKET MACH. WARRINGToN

NI.

REMEMBER THE NUMBERS

'& 10 HORSENIARKET Srl REET,

FOR THE CHOICEST !SELECTIONS IN

BOYS' YOUTHS' & MEN'S SUITS, OVERCOATS &c. 1,12 THR

D.

OFFER ALL TRADE ADVANTAGES TO TFIEIRSCUSTOMERStj

MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT.

VRONI £3 AND L'PWARDA. DONT FAIL TO 1: GIVE ITS A CALL AND CONVINCK YOURSP:LVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST TNTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND.

£3 repayable Is 64 weekly £2o—r-epa-y—Able 73 64 weekly, £5 „ 23 04 „ £53 17.3 64 „ „ £lO „ 3s 64 ~ £10"; „ 393 61 „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DHUANG3 aoply in con- fidence to MAITHICH AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERW9i, Miss COTTECRILI4. CASH DHLIVERED ANY DISTAN'II3. Homo, 9 ain to 9 pm. N.B.—LHTTHRS PROMPTLY ATTB gDh;D TO.

ADVANCES FROM ,t 5 UPWARDS.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
SALTUEUDELY, JA.NUTURY 9, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
:Yosr 75 per Quarter 6s 6d per annuli- Is .per Qaarter credit

===== 0002601_19040109_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
PERSONS WASTING TEMPORARY CASR ADVANCES

SHOULD NOTB THB ADVANTAGES °MIRED AT

THIS OFFICH.

(1) THE DESPATCH WITH WHICH ADVANCES ARE COMPLETED. (2) THE SIMPLICITY OF PROMISSORY NOTE. (3) THE REASONABLE RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED.

(4) NO FINES FOR ARREARS. (5) REPAYMENTS ARRANGED TO SUIT CON- VENIENCE OF BORROWERS. (6) NO BONDSMEN OR SURETIES REQUIRED. (7) ALL BUSINESS STRICTLY PRIVATE. 00 NO APPLICATION FEES.

APPLY PERSONALLY OR BY LETTER. S. A CERBACH. 123, MOM' PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Itioncp

===== 0002601_19040109_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
OR FIRST-CLASS PRIVAT

DENTISTRY.

TRICTIL Appointments unnecessary but - may be arranged_ TEETH Alloonsultations freo, TEETH. Haab patient inforrr ed beforelland of Nora required. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH.

Gold and other Magi at mode:ate °barges.

An M.D., also Lady Attendant..

rainless Extraction at hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Wide.

maker to Deuttuss of 10,000 gallons • weekly. lixors, of the late

J. H. P ARKINSON

(Morns? NT BEAM.)

MANCHESTER ... -46, MOSLE Y-STR T

(Telephone 1680),

MR. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS -...... _GEORGE-STREET

MONDAI, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6-p.m

WARRINGTON SANKEY-STREET WEDNESDAY, 2 to•s.

RUNCORN BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY. 2 to 5.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHP7ICH—_ 14, APPLRMARKET-STRERT FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

A CHOICE CIGARETTE ; SUDLOW'S • SPECIAL SILK-CUT CIGARETTES. GUARANTEED HAND-MADE FROM PURE VIRGINIA TOBACCO; 8D PER OUNCE. 2s 6n. PER QUARTER-POUND BOX. T. k7kUDLOW AND CO., 'CIGAR MERCHANTS BETWEEN PARR'S PANIC AND CENTRAL STATION, WAERIY.GTON.

HOW TO MAKE ILCINO PAY WITHOUT TELEGRAMS OR ATTENDING THE MEETINGS. BY A. SIAGKELb SPLENDID RESULTS ALL THIC YEAR ROUND. POST ?BEE: 3d

MAGNET. 10, coPtc srttitstr. LONDON, WC

JEANDS MR EVRRY YEAR FROM DISH ABM CONTRACTED BY FATUITY BREATHING. PROLONG yOUR LIFE

--- By obtaining our book, 'The Breath of Life.• Invaluable to those suffering from Weak Chests. Sore Throats, Authma. Bronchitis, Consumpti,n, &c. Will be sent free on receipt of Penny Stamp to cover Postage, &r. THE firHIENIC HEALTH Co., Treveiyan Buildings, Corporation Street, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
HARCOURT'S

PENNYROYAL. STEEL AND MESHY PILLS, Tire BEST REMEDY FOR ALL FEMALE COMPLAINT. BOXER lni. 2/9,4/6, Fogy FREE 25. OXFORD GARDENS. KENSINGTON. W.

gtaltrn

IMPORTANT ANNUNCEMENT TO THE PUi3LIC, VVII ARE PREPARED TO GRANT SPECIAL TERMS TO ALL PERSONS BORROWING MONEY FROM US. Do NOT If F.BITATE. BUT WRITE AT ONCE. WHEIr 017 R MANAGER WILL CALL UPON You AND GRANT You THE AMOUNT You REQUIRE. NOTE THE ADDRESS : L EAST STREET (NEAR THE COUNTY COURT). ST. HELENS. Established the last Century. AI

ON E Y .-NO FEES. NO FINES. NO J. SURBTIBS. NO BILL OF BALI? TAKEN. The great secret in borrowing money is to find a respect- able place where you are honourably dealt with. This old-established office is well known for its respectabil- ity and moderate charge of interest. You can rely on 'its privacy. Before applying elsawhere apply and be convinced TO THE MANAGER (J. CULVERT). Claughton Chambers, St. Helens. All letters premntly attended to

£lO, £l5, £2O, £25, ESO —A DVANCE:i 0..0 MADE b, ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT. on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERM 3 FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit male by our Manazer on same clay of application who will grant you the money AT ONCE if satisfactory. NOTE:

THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 69, ITAYD(ICK SITEET NEAR THE MARKET PLACE RARLESTOWN.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O. £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADEz.3- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. •title Householders. on their own security, without delay, om your simple written promise to pay hack. FAIR AND HONOURABLit DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FRELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOODWIN. .13.—Established at this ddross Twenty Years.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
1873.

210 to £l,OOO Immediately advanced oa NOTE OF HAND A LON& LOW INTER MST. EASY REPAYMENTS. NO PRELIMINARY FEES. Special Terms t 3 FarmEr%. The number of v,,ars I have been estab- lished is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have Always coulu2ted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. 13. HARRIS. 2, KING—STREET, HA.NLEY ; OR 13. NEWGATE-STIIBE 2. CHESTER.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENI PRIVATELY

In large or small sums (not less than £10). payable 57 instalments, or as may be mutually arranged, ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, 0 And with or without sureties. The undersigned has been ESTABLISHED UPWARDS OF THIRTY YEARS, and ha. formed a very large connec- tion. During the last 20 years alone the total amount lent by him

EXCEEDED '7.£1,250,000: He has received HUNDREDS OF UNSOLICIT4D LETTIiRS OF THANKS and has annually, for the past seven years, issued selections from these in pamphlets, o° which nearly 400,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for Advances, or any Information de— sired, will be supplied FREE OF CHARGE, on application, either personallyor by letter, to :

GEORGII PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS. 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20 KENNEDY-STRKET,IIA.NCHEiTTR

'MONEY LENT FROM £3 TO £5OO. To Shopkeeper!, Farmers. Market Gardeners, Hotel Keepers. Tradesmen, and to all ',responsible Householders worthy of credit (male or femele), upon borrower's Note of Hand alone, with or without sureties. Amount borrowed and interest combined can be reokid as follow+ :

DAILY

£3, Note of Hand, 1/3 week £25 Note of Hand, 5,'- week £5. .. 2/- „ £`,o ~101- £lO, .. &- .. £10) .. 20/- „ Larger amounts in proportion. Morzthl vor Quarterly Pay- ments taken ; other terms can be arranod. Capital car. remain at interest only. Interest lower than any other lender in the district. All traniactions strictly private, and straightforward business dealings guaranteed. No bona-flde application refused. Distance no object. No publicity. No delay. Prompt attention to all inquiries, either personally or by letter, absolutely free of charge. Intending borrowers should write or call for terms or application, and compare our terms. Apply to any of the following addresses : MUTUAL ADVANCE AND SINVESTMRNT SOCIETY. 82, MILL-STREET, CRIME ; 19, QUEEN-STREET. WREXHAM; and 31, CHEIRTHA.II HILL-ROAD, MAN- CEBSTIIILaRegistered Offices

===== 0002601_19040109_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• —oitArvtoil/P,mi4

===== 0002601_19040109_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYS McDOUGALL'S Paterit SELF—RAISING FLOUR T11711:ST

:Only those who us

===== 0002601_19040109_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
VAN HOUTEN'S COCOA

know how good it is to drink and how economical it is in use.

If you havc not tried it Buy a new 6d Tin,

you will get 25 Cups out of it. Make it .with BOILING water

you will . enjoy every cup. No Cocoa equals it.

VAN HOUTEN'S COCOA,

Only one quality.

BEST & GOES FARTHEST.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S GHAT.

The King's Visit to Berlin.—The King will pay a i State visit to the German Emperor at Berlin, next i April, but his Majesty has no intention of visiting the Russian Court this year. Thevisit to Berlin when the King will be accompanied by the Queen, is intended as the compliment to the visit of the Kaiser, when he came to London in 1891 to pay his State visit to Queen Victoria. That was a little more than 3 years after he had become Emperor of Germany, and a similar period will have elapsed between thelKing's State visit to Berlin, and his Majesty's accessibn to the Throne. This is quite according to the custom by which the return calls between sovereigns are regulated by the most exacting measure of courtesy.. The Royal visit to Ireland will follow immediately upon their Majesties return from the,continent, and it is hoped that the King and Queen will be able to attend the Punchestown races in the middle of April. Wintering in Egypt.—Princess Henry of Battenberg is wintering in Egypt, mainly on account of Prince Leopold,her second son, who is very delicate. She has her daughter Princess Ens with her ; and also Princess Beatnice of Saxe • Coburg. The Royal.party have beens spending Christmas at Cairo, occupying the Empres Eugenies suite of apartments at the Ghezirch Palace Hotel. A visit to Upper Egypt has been arranged, and the Khedive has placed his yacht at the service of Princess Henry for the journey up the Nile. This tour extending perhaps as far as the Soudan is of course the great attraction of Egypt, which is becoming more and more popular with the wealthy classes as a winter. resort. A Ducal Privilege.—The Earl Marshal, amongst other isereditaryprivileges, is entitled to an escort of cavalry for any special occasion, and when the Duke of Norfolk married Lady Flora Hastings, his Grace made a formal claim for the escort. His right to it was at once acknowledged, and the Duke was satisfied with this acknola ledgment He did not have the soldiers, nor will they be present at the wedding of the Duke with Miss Maxwell, which will be quietly solemnised on February 10th at Everingham. This is a picturesque village not far from York, where Lord Herries has his principal residence in England. The wedding will unite two families engaged in strife in olden times, as both the 'Towards and the Herries played their parts in the wars between England and Scotland. A Blind Chauffeur.—The grant of a licence to a blind I man as a motor car driver,is not very reassuring to foot- ; passengers. In some districts around London many families with children are removing fromthe much fre- quented main roads, on account of the motor car danger, and, in the locality of this blind driver, this movement will doubtless be accelerated. It is often the case that the loss of one faculty is partly compensated for by ; the greater acuteness of the others, but it scarcely ' seems possible that a blind person could drive a motor car with safety. There was however a well known sportsman who was quite blind, but regularly went out shooting. He could direct his aim by the noise which the birds made in their flight, but in the end he acci- tentally caught the trigger in. his clothing, and shot himself dead.

No one would have "13."—The first number" one" was much sought after in the enumeration of motor cars under the new Act, but nobody would have " 13." In one country this number fell to the lot of a lady motorist, but she flatly declined to accept this unlucky number, and another had to be found for her. The next applicant, a chauffeur made no difficulty about it, but the next day he came back and said that his master's wife and daughter wanted another number as they would never be comfortable with the number "13.' After that, the authorities did not try it again with car owners, and it is now cancelled in that country. The After Christmas Revival.—There is usually a rush to attend the winter sales at the outset for fear that the best bargains may be cleared off, and there has been no lack of excitement and gaiety at the New Year clearance sales. Particularly noticeable has been the ready sale of the white, ivory, and cream satins, for dance and dinner dresses. These have been on offer at anything from 2s. 6d.a yard, whilst exquisite mousseline vaiours have been selling at Gs. or is. a yard. Bargains in tailor-made suits, cycling skirts, and motoring coats, have not been difficult to secure, but the greatest crushes have been in those departments offering up-to- date coats, mantles, boleros, and travelling cloaks. Soon we shall be on the look out for new spring fashions, but the New Year's sales offer an excellent opportunity for renewing winter necessities especially as the better half of winter with its lengthening days, and return of sunshine, is more searching in discover- ing any shabby signs of wear in our outfit. Dressing and Tea Gowns.—Lengths of ordinary flannel, Molleton, lambswool, Pyrenean wool, combinations of silk and wool such.as Zenana cloth, and flanelle de sole, are to be had very cheaply at the sales now on, and the home worker would do well to secure these for either a dressing gown, or tea gown, the Zenana, cloth or flannelle de sole being particularly suitable for the latter garment. Of flannel that is 36 inches in width, from eight to ten yards, according to the height and and size of the prospective wearer, should be bought, but if a double width fabric is chosen half the length only will be needed. It must be remembered that the essential qualities of a dressing gown are—comfort, warmth and ease. It should too be light in weight. A Modish Trimming.—Grapes are much in request again. They adorn our gowns, our headgear, and our coiffure. This particular fruit appears under different disguises, and would seem to be manufactured in fabrics of every sort and kind. Carried out in soft silk, padded to resemble the fruit exactly in size and shape, and made in deep purple and some in pale green, they have quite the colouring and appearance of the fruit of the vine. In raised jet paillettes, with the vine leaves worked in jet, and the tendrils carried out in black chenille these bunches of grapes are most effective, -while another and very escellent idea is to have them in 41111 gold or silver. Twists of chiffon or tulle, and a bunch of grapes are appearing in the fashionable woman's hair, for all evening festivities. Earrings.—Yet another attempt to revive the heavy long earring has been made, but without success. It drags the lobe of the ear out of shape, is inconvenient, and always catching in things. Those women however who possess fine solitaires, or pear-shaped pendent pearls,will be in the van of fashion, if they don them. The Princess of Wales is never seen without ornaments of thisdescription, and to her Royal Highness, as to the majority of women, they are most becoming. A Useful Recipe.—A excellent way in which to serve the remains of a plum pudding is as follows :—Cut the pudding into fingers. and after soaking them in brandy or rum for about fifteen minutes, these should be placed crosswise in a buttered mould. When the shape is full, a custard, consisting of four eggs, to a pint of milk, and very slightly sweetened should be poured in, The mixture must then be covered with buttered paper, and steamed for two hours. The pudding should then be turned out, and sent to table with some thick *ream.

MADGE'.

Four men were blown to pieces by an explosion at the dynamite works near Hayle' in Cornwall, on Tues- day. Much damage was done to the towns of Hayle, Penzance, and St. Ives by the shock of the explosion.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
Fels-Naptha

Go by the book. It isn't worth while to use Fels. Naptha at all if you don't. Go by the book. Go by knowledge; not habit.

•Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street Low:lga E C

===== 0002601_19040109_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW SMALLPDX IS SPREAD.

Failing to Notify Cases at Warrington,

A WARNING.

At the Warrington Police Court on Monday, before Mr. T. Birchall and other magistrates, John McKenzie, a labourer residing at 150, Longford-street, was sum- moned for failing to notify a case of smallpox to the Medical Officer of Health on December 20th.

_ Mr. Stanley Wilson, deputy town clerk, prosecuted and said the proceedings were taken under the Infectious Diseases Notification Act which required, under a penalty of 40s, the head of the family as soon as he became aware that a person in his house was suffering from an infections disease to at once notify the medical officer. On December 24th, Inspector Stephens, acting oa the instructions of the medical officer, visited the defendant's house and saw Mrs. McKenzie. He re- quested to see the daughter Alice who had been attend- ing one of the schools in the town at which cases of small-pox had occurred. The child had been absent from school for some days, and in consequence inquiries were 'made. After some slight opposition from defendant's wife, the Inspector went into the kitchen and saw the child who was eleven years of age. On examining her he found pimples on the face and arms and called the mother's attention te them. The medical officer subsequently visited the house and certi- fied that the girl was suffering from a mild attack of smallpox. She was thereupon removed to the sanatorium. Although a rash had been noticed no steps had been taken to call in a medical man for four days. The proceedings were not taken with the object of inflicting a heavy, penalty. The only desire of the Health Committee was to lay before the public and the heads of families the obligations under which they were placed by the Act; and to emphasise the importance of early notification. It was perfectly useless for the Health Committee to go to so much trouble and spend a large sum of money with the object of preventing the spread of disease if people were allowed to neglect their duty in the matter. Dr. Gornall gave evidence and said that the girl was suffering from a mild attack of smallpox, in his opinion of some days duration. He had evsry reason to believe that defendant knew it was smallpox. Defendant addressed the magistrates and asked them if they thought any malt with common sense would harbour a case of smallpox in his house. He did not know the child had smallpox and even at prdsent he doubted whether she had. If he had thought there was any need for a doctor he would have called one ion. Defendant's wife gave evidence and said the girl had to be pointed out to the official who removed her to the sanatorium. Another child was in the house and he asked "which he had to take."

James Hardman, labourer, 84, Chorley-street, was then charged with a similar offence.

Mi.. Wilson said the defendant's wife was admitted to the sanatorium on December 27th, suffering from a marked attack of smallpox. It was admitted that the rash was noticed on the 24th but the case was not notified until three days afterwards. Defendant was related to the occupants of 46, Chorlev street, and in- formation the authorities had received led them to the coaclusion that the members of defendant's family had been in the habit of visiting thehouse fromwhich seven patients had been removed to the sanatorium. Defend- ant lived in a small house with three bedrooms and there were thirteen occupants. The case, therefore, exemplified the importance of immediate notification. Defendant-stated that he called in Dr. Peacocke on the 27th. Until that date he was not aware that his wife was suffering from smallpox, in fact Dr. Peacocke kad visited the house on the previous Thursday for vaccination•purposes. Mr. Wilson intimated that he did not wish the defendants to be punished severely and he was pre- pared to withdraw the cases if the magistrates approved of that course.

Mr. Birchall said the bench were willing that the cases should be withdrawn but: they wanted to impress upon the public that failure to notify itfectious diseases was a most serious matter. If any other eases were brought before them they would be severely dealt with.

ALIVE AFTER 3,300 -VOLTS THROUGH THE BRAIN.

A man employed by the Westinghouse Electric Com- pany has survived the terrible experience of having 3,300 volts of electricity shot through his brain—just twice,the amount used "for executing American mur- derers. He was attending to some live wires ona plat- form, and, on stepping back, be slipped, but to save himself grasped hold of the main wires. The unfortunate man's body straightened up, and, as he stiffened like a corpse, his head came near enough to still other wires to form a complete circuit. Onlookers saw a stream of blue flame 18 inches long and 6 inches wide roaring out of his head with the noise of an electric car. This flame melted the iron pipe above, and the molten metal dropped white and hissing on the back of his head. A workman:bravely launched himself against the burning man, thereby breaking the circuit. Experts afterwards stated that no less than 3,300 volts had passed through the man's body. He is now on the way to recovery, and says his experience on the wire was that of a terrible nightmare

A WHOPPER !--It, is surely unnecessary to specify the place of origin of the following veracious incident. An inhabitant of a certain town (we are told) made his living by hauling timber, and used rawhide harness on his team of horses. Rawhide,we all know,expands when wet and contracts on drying. Well. this man was haul,' ing an exceptionally big load one day when a thunder- storm overtook him just as he reached a long hill lead- ing to his home. He was walking beside his team that he might pay close attention to them, and didnot notice what the rain was doing for his rawhide harness until the top of the long hill was reached, when, to his utter amazement, the waggon stood at the bottom of the hill, the rawhide tugs being fairly stretched into fiddle strings. He was puzzled for a moment, hot just then the sun came out, and a happy idea found lodgment in his fertile brain. He unhitched the team,,,fastened the tugs securely around a big tree, and went in to dinner. When he returned the sun had caused the rawhide to contract sufficiently to bring the waggon up that steep hill with a momentum that smashed both fcont wheels when it came in contact with the tree around which the tugshad been fastened. That kind of elastic rawhide is evidently the most suitable material for stringing the long-bow.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
COUGHS AND GOLDS.

THE PUREST Ago AjemBELFEF WENT REMEDY VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

W. LASCELLES-SCOTT, F.R.ALS., GEO. KNOX, M.D., and other important authoritie4 approve of and recommend VENO'SILIGHTNING COUGH CURE because of its purity and great efficiency in curing coughs, colds, bronchitis, asthma, catarrh, weak lungs, and children's coughs. Rev. W. DACRE, 5, College Villas Road, South Hampstead, London writes June 17th :—" I have a high opinion of VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. I have used it with mach beneftt to myself and have recom- mended it to others." Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE at Chemists end Drug Stores. Price W.d., Is. 1.1 d., and 2s. 9d. Sold verywhere.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, January 9, 1904.

((Jopyright. )

learnt, all the carnage anti manner or a Loniton man in those dreadful backwoods, or wherever it is the diamond mines are."

"1 call him simply fascinating," said the American widow, who was scarcely in Lady Little- wood's set, but who had been invited to stay at Bedington Hall because it was known that she was rolling in money, and the impecunious Algy Redfern was doing his best to secure her for his own by dangling before her eyes the ducal coronet to which he was heir presumptive. "In any case she is rolling in diamonds," remarked the Honourable Maude Edgerley, who had had a long and sufficiently hopeless flirtation with Algy herself before the American had dawned on the scenes. "She is simply covered in ' them, as the upholsterers say. What she cannot wear in her ears and her hair, or on her neck and her arma and her fingers, she has sewn all over her gown, and her maid has to sit up half the night•unsewing them. Mrs. Merton has discovered a remarkably smart way of taking care of them. She carries them in a chamois-lined pocket by day—at least, such of them as she does not put on for breakfast —and sleeps with it under her pillow by night." This was confided to Bexley during dinner by the Honourable Maude, who had promptly decided on traasferring her affection to Sir Geoffrey's heir in default' of the deserting Algy, and had begun the running in very fine style, making it difficult for anyone else to get in a word with him edgewise.

Bexley owned that he had noticed the American's diamonds—as, indeed, who would not ?—it being difficult at any time of the day to see anything else while the widow was by, at least until the eyes grew accustomed to the glare, and became aware that there was a lady behind them. The conversation had turned on diamonds naturally at dinner, since Bexley was an expert, and he not only promised to shew those which he had brought back with him from Kimberley, but talked learnedly about the difference, between Brazilian and South African diamonds, of the various methods of cutting and polishing them, and referred especially to Mrs. Merton's jewels as examples of American setting, which he considered displayed the stones so much better than English or French methods.

"I have often heard my father speak of the Littlewood diamonds," he continued, turning to his grandmother, who made a point of wearing as few jewels as possible while the American lady was by. "They are, many of them, unique, are they not, and of historical interest? That clasp I recognise as one I know by repute." "Yes, this belonged to Marie d'Este, and was ,given by her to your ancestress. I only keep out a few for ordinary wear. The real family diamonds do not see the light except at Court or on very great occasions."

"Such as an election dinner," laughed Sir Geoffrey. :,"She always appears in her war paint for the Conservative candidate." ;

"You must wear; them all the ball to-morrow," exclaimed Miss Edgerley, feeling now a personal interest in them. "No occasion could be so im- portant as the return of the long"-lost heir, could it ? "

"Oh, have I come in for festivities after all," exclaimed Bexley, pith a grimace, "when I thought I was going to sneak quietly home without anyone knowing of it ? " "It is only a dinner and ball," replied Lady Littlewood. "Our own friends, not a county affair. It was impos'sible to postpone it. I think I will keep the diamonds for your home-coming festivities, which we must arrange for later on." "We will persuade Lady Littlewood to give us a private view, then," suggested Miss Edgerley. "I have never seen the half of them, but those I haire seen would make the American woman cut her throat from envy." "It is best to keep them out of sight, then," replied Bexley, laughing, as the ladies prepared to leave the room. "It would be a bad omen for ray home-coming to have a suicide in the house."

===== 0002601_19040109_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

There are no novelties to be noted at this season of the year for the winter fashions ass now definitely settled, and it is yet too early to enquire into early spring modes. Still in spite of the lack of anything fresh there are plenty of beautiful and charming garments of all sorts to delight the eye and lure the unwary into undreamt of and possibly unnecessary ex- travagances. Blouses are this year exception- ally charming and are to be obtained ready made so beautifully tucked and trimmed or inserted with lace that it is hardly worth while making them at home. The girl of medium height and build can very easily be fitted with a ready made blouse. It is only those who are tall and stout who must not invest in any blouse which has not been cut and fitted for them personally. . There are some very pretty

PP'c4ll" ... -te' •':. \\\\) \\ \ \ ,N, §lO, \ / h•,.,, ..4---?...,,. . i ~,,,,,',...,U41:4 0/ /

===== 0002601_19040109_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY BLOUSE.

accordion-pleated blouses in nuns veiling, silk, and chiffon in every variety of colouring, made very simply and trimmed only with a little lace. I have observed some of these which make very smart additions to the toilette for afternoon or home evening wear made in brilliant tones of geranium red, emerald green, or crimson. There is something par- ticularly chic about , these striking blouses which recommends them to the woman whose complexion can stand a strong colour. The pretty blouse depicted is of emerald green chiffon accordion-pleated, trimmed with motifs of lace. The sleeves hang in a loose frill to the wrist. I have seen clusters of imi- tation flowers arranged in a rather tiff little round bunch worn in the front of an afternoon blouse by some of the best, dressed girls. I cannot ,say that artificial flowers seem to harmonise with anything but full evening dress, although these quaint little bouquets make a pretty touch of colour. They are tied round the stalks with a narrow ribbon which is knotted into a few short loops, several strands of unequal length being allowed to hang loosely, each finished at the end by a small

.z.-2, „i, i. e ..,;. , 1 )/11Vika 7 40t*, 1-11*,,,t74114 , 1, \ s . , ii ie k . /117,/ t. 4 ',.'i.:- 4 V 4r -ii. vw. w

===== 0002601_19040109_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EVENING TOILETTE.

flower or a few petals sewn flatly on. These clusters-of closely set flowers are also worn on evening toilettes with a charming effect and are generally set round with leaves. Some- times a silver, gold, or even jetted cord is used to tie the stalks, the ends of which are com- pleted by tassels to match. The long trails of flowers or leaves are now banished from the corsages of the smartest evening gowns in havour of this newer arrangement. , .

Eyeßing go wns form a very important item of dress at present, and a charming toilette forms the subject of my second sketch. The dress is of geranium red accordion-pleated chiffon, and is plainly made for the material itself is sufficiently, elaborate to require little or no trimming to enhance its charms. The sleeve is of quite the latest 9.nd most fashion- able style falling from a strap leaving the upper part of the arm bare, while a pouf finished with a series of little chiffon frills covers the lower and uglier lower arm. Many people do not attach sufficient importance to the sleeves of • their evening gown, for a really pretty sleeve goes a long way towards the success of the bodice besides concealing or revealing the bad or good points of the arms of

4r:Li fiat. otimr WNW 10,1 Ns • -

===== 0002601_19040109_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
A LACE COLLAR.

the wearer. Lace, of course, is much used and forms a pretty pouf depending from a mitred band of embroidered or jetted 4elvet or satin. Materials of all makes when accordion-pleated require almost no trimming, but the little that is necessary ,should preferably be lace, applied for the most part in the form of motifs. There are some pretty collar bands of real lace made with a deep vandyke .of lace with the points downwards which will be found useful by anyone with a thin neck as they are in- tended for wear with evening toilettes and are fastened here and there with pretty little brillig,nt brooches and pins. The accompany- ing sketch is made of one of these pretty and useful novelties, by which it will be seea that the ugly part of a thin neck where the collar bone is apt to prove unpleasantly visible is softened and concealed by the points of lace. No blouse or bodice is complete nowadays Without a pretty little collar or band of lace, and there are some wonderfully good imita- tions of real lace to be had at very small cost. The demand for real lace is, I believe, on the increase, but the majority of girls cannot afford such a luxury as it is too costly an item for the ordinary dress allowance to embrace. The dainty bows of white or cream tulle whick proved so becoming last season are still fancied as a finish to an afternoon toilette, and when skilfully adjusted and held in place by little ornamental pins look particularly nice. There are some in net with large chenille spots in colours, but these are hardly so chic as those in plain tulle.

Coguansd

===== 0002601_19040109_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SECRET OF THE BUHL CABINET.

BY L. lIIGGIN, Author of "A Cornish Maid," (;ousin jer;l

"Lyona Grimwood. Spinstei, &c.

There was excitement in the village of Old Bedington: at the blacksmith's shop at the corner, where the road to the Hall branched off from the highway to Smalcombe, at least six people, not customers, were hanging about at the doors of the cottages perched on the high banks of what was called by courtesy "the street," women stood looking up the road for the chance of a passing glimpse of the carriage which was known to have gone to Smalcombe railway station to Ineet Sir Geoffrey Littlewood's heir just returned from foreign parts, where .he had, to use a Scotch expression, "gone a-missing " for some ten or fifteen years. It had been said by the Rector of Old Bedington, who was what the residents of that enlightened village called "an outlander," that these sunken roads—for they were all some fifteen feet below the level of the fields surrounding them—had once been Oh the same level, but that the mud carried off on the boots of succeeding passengers had reduced them to their present condition, resembling river beds rather than country lanes. However that might be, the cottagers on the higher level had the inestimable advantage of looking down on the mere traveller along their route, and, as we all know, there is an immense satisfaction in being able to look down on anything. An "outlander " in the parlance of Old Bedington was anyone who had not beep born and bred in the place, and was not, therefore, connected by blood with the Skitralls and Spanswicks and Vivashes, who generally peopled the countryside. One of the most noted outlanders had come as a lad forty- eight years ago to work on the new railway then being constructed; he had settled in the village when his work ended, and had married an Old Bedington woman, but he was "only an outlander" after all, and his opinion was not worth having. So that when old Miles had remarked that the bowing and smiling young gentleman who had just driven by the blacksmith's in the squire's carriage, was like none of the "family," a contrary opinion was instantly set up by the Old Bedington people, and those who had not been fortunate enough to obtain even a passing glance at the new-corner, were told that he was "the very spit" of his grandfather, and anyone would recognise him im- mediately. Old Bedington was a little sore about the coming of Sir Geoffrey Littlewood's heir. It had looked confidently for a general holiday with a dinner at the White Hart, a- deputation of tenants, and the celebrated Old Bedington band in its new uniform. to meet the train at Smalcombe—probably the horses to be taken out and the heir drawn up to the Hall door by enthusiastic labourers on the estate— and after all he had arrived just like any of the other visitors who were staying at Bedington Hall, and there was no talk of a holiday, or even a dinner so far. _ _ _

Old Miles had suggested bonfires as a likely means of attracting Sir Geoffrey's attention and of shewing their delight, but though Miles did work on the estate, it was only as a mole-catcher; and, being an outlander, there were those who said he had a method of preserving his moles so that he was always able to impale more than he actually caught and had a right to be paid for. The moles stuck up on the hedges certainly had a knack of becoming very rapidly dried up and decayed, but Miles kept his own counsel, and if he had a method of exchanging old moles for new ones it was only to be expected of a man not bred in the country, nor related to any Old Bedingtonite. The truth of the matter was that the advent of Bexley Littlewood had taken the Hall as much by surprise as the village. Sir Geoffrey had been unfortunate in his sons. The eldest had been killed in the hunting-field within a few months of his marriage, and his son had been born and brought up in his grandfather's house, only to die in his turn from a chill caught in training for the boat-race, when at Oxford, some twelve months ago. The second son had been somewhat of a ne'er- do-weel, and had been shipped off years ago to the Colonies, where he had married. He died a violent death from an accident, and it was his son, Bexley, who had been searched for and at last found, to the great relief of his grandfather, whose one fear was to see both the title and estate pass to distant relatives at his death. For the last two months uncertainty had ceased. Bexley was found and was coming home from the diamond fields in South Africa, and Bedington Hall was quite prepared to kill the fatted calf and rejoice over him. But while they had understood that he was waiting to wind up affairs and realise his gains at Kimberley, an unexpected telegram informed Sir Geoffrey that he had actually landed in England and would arrive at Smalcombe station by the 7.15 train on the evening when our story opens.

Neither Sir Geoffrey nor Lady Littlewood would have chosen to have the house filled with ordinary three day visitors When their grandson was to arrive, but they could not well ask them to shorten their visits. So it came to pass that the heir arrived only just in time to dress for dinner, and his reception had to be shorn of much of its impor- tance. Sir Geoffrey met him on the steps of the entrance. hall, visibly nervous, and somewhat' excited, had taken him into his own library and made him welcome to the home of his ancestors, and his grandmother had shortly afterwards rustled in, resplendent in ruby velvet and old point lace, and just enough of diamond ornaments to set off her dress ,without any appearance of displaying her • jewels. "Now, my boy, I am afraid you must go up to your room and make ready for dinner," said the old man. "I am sorry we have the house full of company, but they will all clear out on Friday and then we will have a little quiet time to become acquainted. ". Bexley had kissed his grandmother's hand with a quaint, somewhat old-fashioned courtesy which had charmed her. She drew him to her and looked in his face for some likeness to the son who had been all the dearer to her because he was always in disgrace. "You are like your mother's family, I sup- pose? " she said. " "Yon must tell me all about her later on." Then she had kissed his forehead and sent him off to dress with a sigh. •

In the drawing-room before -dinner he was intro- duced to the guests and received an effusive welcome from one and all, and his health was drunk with full honours before the ladies left the dinner-table. In all this Bexley bore himself with just the right mixture of modesty and pride in his ancestry which was to be expected from a young man suddenly transferred from the rough life at the diamond mines to one of the stateliest of English mansions.

His dress was perfect; lle explained that he had just snatched time in London to provide himself with the garments of civilisation, and there was nothing of the colonial nor of the backwoodsman in his manner or conversd ion. , To be sure he used a good many more or less unknown expressions, im- ported no doubt from the diamond fields, but they had rather the effect of being purposely' introduced into his conversation than of slipping out in- advertently. . Sir Geoffrey experienced a feeling of intense -relief Which was fully shared by his wife. They had been so terribly afraid that this unknown grand- son would appear on the scene in the character of a rough diamond himself! They had intended to have him all to themselves at the beginning, and not to present him to-the outer world until they had had some opportunity of smoothing off the angles with which they expected him to be plenti- fully furnished. It even transpired in the•course of dinner that he was a Conservative in politics, which its more than Sir Geoffrey had dared to hope; and the old .man's spirits rose a§ it became more and more evident that his hitherto nknown grandson and heir was able to hold his own among the somewhat supercilious guests. Only Lady Littlewood sighed as she watched him, and felt, in some undefined way, that he would never take the place of her scapegrace in her heart ; he was far too much at his ease, too self- reliant. One of the charms of her own Bexley had been his transparent simplicity. "Nobody's enemy but. his own," people had said of him. However, the concensus of opinion was entirely favourable. ..

"He is simply charming, dear Lady Littlewood," remarked Lady Angela Brooklyn, who was certainly an authority on such subjects. "So distinguished in appearance and so thoroughly up to date. He rust be extraordinarily clever to have kept up, or

===== 0002601_19040109_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
111.

The next day was spent by the squire in taking )iis grandson over the estate and introducing him to the tenants and employes. He earned golden Opinions by his genial manner. He spoke of him- self as a working-man who was no stranger to hard labour and scant fare in the days when he had no thought of being his grandfather's heir, or of ever seeing the old home he knew so well from his father's descriptions. The dinner and ball went off capitally. Mr. Littlewood was pronounced to dance divinely, and there was but one opinion among the guests as to the acquisition he would prove to the neighbour- hood. As for Maude Edgerley she was already consoled for the defection of Algy Redfern. Bexley entered into the flirtation which she had initiated on the night of his arrival with all the fervour that could be desired. Already the Little- wood diamonds graced her brow in fancy. No doubt Lady Littlewood would let her wear them when she was once Bexley 's wife, and that desirable contingency seemed to be within quite a measurable distance.

"And that odious #American shall hide her diminished head! Even if Algy ever does succeed to the dukedom, which I doubt, the Redfern jewels are nothing to boast of; they are all quite new like her own."

So soliloquised the young lady in the sanctity of her own room. But, she remembered that Mrs. Merton was leaving Bedington the next day, and she had fully resolved to humiliate her successful rival, by the discomfiture of having to own her own diamonds a mere nothing compared with those which Maude now confidently counted on one day wearing. She had taken Bexley into her confidence, and, much to his apparent amusement, had made Lady Littlewood promise to give a private view of the historical jewels in ,her own boudoir. The place of keeping of these diamonds was a profound secret, not even any of the servants knowing that they were ever kept in the house, and Bexley advised his grandmother that there should be no divulging of the secret on this occasion. Even Maude Edgerley was only to be admitted after the various trays and cases had been laid on the centre table in ..the boudoir.

"It is impossible to be too careful in such a case as this. One never knows what pressure may be brought to bear on the most unlikely people to get at such a valuable secret," he said, and Sir Geoffrey, who was to be of the party, acquiesced. Bexley himself was delighted with the clever arrangements which had for some two hundred years kept all the family treasures so safely. Bedington Hall had been filled by one of its possessors with antique cabinets and bureaux of immense value. Every room had one or two of these, but the "blue parlour," and her ladyship's boudoir which opened out of it, possessed the lion's share. Among a number of these antique cabinets one of .the least remarkable, perhaps, was a beauti- ful buhl chest with massive ormolu enrichments. It opened in quite an ordinary way, though with a beautiful key of antique pattern, and disclosed a silver-lined cavity the full size of the case, apparently a wine cooler. IL was only on moving four of the 'ormolu orna- ments on the outside and touching a hidden spring that the bottom of the chest gradually rose up till it reached the top, when it stopped with a sharp click. Again a manipulation with new keys and the top lifted off, displayinc, tray after tray, fitting perfectly one over the other, in which the great diamonds as well as other priceless jewels lay. A long-drawn sigh of admiration escaped from Bexley. One by one the trays were lifted out °and placed on the table and the chest was closed again before any of the spectators were admitted. The chest was securely screwed on to the floor, and the secret well sunk into a place specially built for it below. To remove the chest was as clearly im- possible as to learn the intricacies of its menu- fac'zure, except to the owners and the possessors Of its secrets.

The Honourable Maude Edgerley was more than satisfied with the effect, produced on the American Widow •by the sight of jewels which made her Own appear the mere possessions of a schoolgirl. To think that Lady Littlewood could have all these lying close at hand and yet never wear more than a clasp or two or a couple of rings was more than her philosophy dreamt of. Worst of all she remembered how ridiculous she had made herself by carrying her "two or three diamonds "—as she now contemptuously called them—about her person, and allowing herself to be drawn into talking of them as if no one else had anything half so fine. And there was that odious girl scarcely concealing her triumph:Ant contempt for her, and looking forward to the day when, as Mrs. Littlewood, .she would probably be allowed to wear them. The pill was altogether too bitter for Mrs. Merton. She complained of sudden illness and retired to her bed, for once omitting to place the pocket contain- ing her jewels under her pillow—an omission which she had some reason to regret since sne never saw them again ! And, after all, they were a nucleus, the beginning of a collection, as she remembered when the first bitterness had passed.

The household was made aware of the loss of the American lady's diamonds by piercing shrieks which rang through the corridor in which her bed- room was situated, about nine o'clock the followine morning, and penetrated even to the servants' quarters far distant. _ _

- In a few minutes host and hostess, guests and servants alike were gathered together in their anxiety to learn the cause of the uproar. "Oh, it's the diamonds, the diamonds!" gasped Mrs. Merton's French. maid. "Gone! Vanished I" and she wrung her hands in quite the orthodox manner even while she kept guard over her mistress's door. Mrs. Merton had not put on quite all that usually met the eye in figure and decora- tion, and until her curled front was adjusted and other little necessary additions made, even the loss of her jewels was not enough to make her appear. Presently, however, she sallied forth and poured her harrowing tale into the ears of the assembled crowd.

She had felt so ill last night when she went to bed that though she had put her jewels in her loose pocket she had omitted to place it under her pillow. Left it on the dressing-table, she thought, and when she remembered to look for it, it was gone. _ _ _

Adele, for her part, was quite certain that it had never been on the table at all, or she must have seen it. She supposed it to be, as usual, under her mistress's pillow till a quarter of an hour ago when Mrs. Merton raised the alarm.

"Oh, it has slipped down somewhere about the bed," suggested Lady Littlewood. But no, the strictest search revealed nothing. • "Where is Bexley?" asked Sir Geoffrey. "We must wire for police at once." _ _ _

Mr. LittlewOod was out. It was understood that Le had gone on his bicycle early. Miles had met him in the park soon after dawn. He had stopped and spoken to the old mole-catcher, and had said lie was off for a spin before anyone Was up, he liked the Enghill morning air so much. • This appeared to Miles a curious taste for any- one who might have been in bed, but the half-crown the young squire gave him was quite in his line. At this stage of the inquiry the Honourable Alande Edgerley shewed alarming symptoms of bvsttfia, and demanded to see Sir Geoffrey and Lady Littlewood alone. She had a curious tale to unfold. It seemed that she had made tender inquiries after the American lady's headache the night before, and had even gone to her room to offer some remedy—to gloat over her discomfiture. as Mrs. Merton had interpreted it. As she was leaving the room she had seen the fatal pocket lying on a chair, and in a fit of mis- chief picked it up and carried it off. She had promptly looked up Bexley and had let him into the secret of this excellent practical joke. "I thought it would be such fun to frighten the odious creature," she sobbed. "But Bexley was quite shocked, and insisted on their being returned at once. My grandfather would never forgive such a joke being played on one of his guests, he said. So he took the pocket and promised to replace it without anyone ever knowing," she finished. "Bexley knows where it is." But then Bexley was gone out, and we may as well mention that he never returned. _ _

It was a long time before the truth dawned on Sir Geoffrey that his pretended grandson was a professional burglar, or, at least, jewel thief; and when it did, there was no room for doubt that the Littlewood diamonds had, fled in company with those of Mrs. Merton. It was with sick hearts and trembling fingers that he and Lady Littlewood shut themselves up in the boudoir to examine the secret chest. Their worst fears were realised when they found the lock shot indeed, but the chest open. Then they remembered that the man who had personated their grandson had locked up the chest, or appeared to do so, at each stage. Yes, every lock was open. There was no longer a shadow of doubt. Sir Geoffrey touched the springs and the inner chest slowly rose to sight; the top of that was also unlocked. Ile scarcely dared to take off the cover, but when he did so both stood Amazed. The Jewels were apparently untouched, but on the top of the first tray lay, an open letter. It ran thus "To Sir Geoffrey and Lady Littlewood,—Yes, when you find this you will know for certain that I am a thief, and you will tremble for your price- less jewels. They are all safe; not one is missing. I have placed this letter here just to show you that they have all been within my reach. I could as easily have carried them off as those of the American widow.

"I came ; I saw. I could have conquered. But I was conquered instead by the fine courtesy, the generous trust of the old English gentleman whose grandson I personated: but not by that alone. Under those yearning eyes, always searching mine for some semblance of the son who had never been anything but a grief to her, with her gentle kisses on my brow, my whole nature revolted from the deed I had come to do. I am a gentleman by birth, but it is long since I have been in the com- pany of my own clais—a good woman I have never known before.

"Chance put the American woman's jewels in my way. I must have some means of getting away, and I want a new start in life. Please tell the lady I have taken her jewels, worth about fifteen thousand pounds, as a loan. If I get on as I mean to do she shall have them, or their worth, again. "To no-one will I ever divulge the secret of the Buhl Cabinet. It will remain a perfectly safe restinc,-Dlace for the Littlewood diamonds." [Tax Exe.l

THE SPORT OF KILLING. Large quantities of foreign partridges and pheasants and red deer are arriving at Liverpool to the order of Mr. William Cross, the well-known naturalist for replenishing the exhausted game preserves in this country. Owing to in-breeding, British deer and birds are stated to be dying out fast, their extinction being also hastened by the practice of landlords letting their shootings to multi-millionaires, whose one idea of " sport' is to kill as Tally head of game as possible.— It is predicted that within the next few. years British deer and partridges and pheasants will be extinct.

Mr, VV. J. Randall, of Manchester, general manager of a trade protection office, seems to have a genius for discovering hidden treasure: A month or two agn he found £lOO hidden by "Tit-Bits" behind a milestonh near Warrington, and more recently, in dead of night, at Newcastle-on-Tyne, h has found another £lOO, buried behind a lamp-post on a public footpath.

Passive Resistance

to the use of 'Provost ' Oats

can only exist where they have never been tried. After one trial, then, For Conscience' Sake, it cannot but be admitted that there is no finer food than Porridge made from these ,celebrated Oats, which give tone and strength to the body and power to the mind of every user.

Scotch- Oats are of far superior Tudity to American Oats, and Provost' Oats are the choicest of Scotch Oats. No Distress

follows their use. They are simply perfect.

R. RoßiNsoN &Ns ANNAN. N. B.

Try our " flue Deli Flclit makes dainty puddin-_;s I• ';:ve minty es.

Simply drench 01.: flake in hoiling'• water and cook in an oven ter rive minutes.

ad. one pound packet.

Arche

5 St. Ceor, Castle Street Liverpo

All kinds, r & Sons 'ge's Cresce

TO £2O

VITMD DING RINGS. CHARLES WOLF'S NOTED GUINEA GOLD WEDDING RINGS A HANDSOME PRESENT, GIVEN to every pm- - chaser of a ring._ -

Engagement Rings a-Speciality. WALTHAM, ELGIN, & ENGLISH LEVER WATCHES. For Jewellery of every description the public will benefit by visiting,

:Cy • \ r. t llj • - 4/- 011 , -

===== 0002601_19040109_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARLES WOLF

Wholesale Jeweller, 10, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL

VICICDOCCjCILICICW iiPATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, 8,0. FOR MAXIMUM EFFECT AT MINIMUM COST, ids FURNISH AT )(Is u ii-- -P1 T T 5 2

v

fiti

A

SISTERINE a QUPPLIED TO ROYALTY,— Abso:itte Care for Indiget- tion. Constipation, Flatulence ,and G tstritis. Manufal- tured specially by Sister Whawell. Hundreds of testimonials. Gives speedy relief. Send for a bottle. Sol 4 at all Chemists —ls 11,d and 2s 9d.—or SreTF-.8 WnswELL, Hallaw,Woroester. London Agent: MAY, RortrtarB & Co.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

CHICAGO FIRE.

The appalling fire at the Iroquois Theatre fias sent a thrill of horror thraughout the whole world, and it is probably the most awful catastrophe of its kind that has ever (yenned. Even now the death role is incom- plete : but it is certain that over six hundred persons, mostly women and children, lost their lives in a few minutes, whilst almost an 'equal number are missing and injured. The disaster occurred all in a minute, and a panic `followed. To begin with, the theatre at this matinee was filled even beyond its seating ,:.apacity, and held some 1,706 peopls. The theatre itself is brand new and only opened on INovember 23rd, and it was supposed to be furnished in every way with all the latast improvements and safeguards against fire. The play was a pantomime, called "Mr. Bltn Beard," which was in the main identical -with the "Blue Beard" played at Drury Lane

THE IROQUOIS THEATRE, T - FIRE.

two years ago, the scenery having been trans- ported wholesale to Chicago. In the second act there was a moonlight chorus, sun.- with the lights turned down, and it was sung this that the flames broke out, probably ,owing to the tusi gof an electric wire. An attempt to let down the fire-proof curtain failed, as it stuck half-way down and only 'served as a " blower," drawing the fire under it into the house in one vast flame. This completed the panic, and the fight for life began. Women and children were burnt to death in their seats, whilst others were trampled to death or jammed in the exits: and the scene was appalling. As a result, 'Chicago is a city of mourning, as many thousands of families have lost some relative I and all some friend or other. Some of the Officials of the theatre have been arrested, Pending the inquest which is being held.

4ii 1. java<coolatoPir---,,, . • -V' ' ,-/A:e: . IRootioiSTIICAI R E °I- cf:1) all :7n 1 . ili i I <4,„• it' ,' 1 1 ~11, i . : F P4ll,<C T, , 1 liis trll . iil 'I ,)billrors-y.do,wipio II! 11 111 C. ' ' 1 itiktiPicif. 7'. . • Lli rll i , it; :!-; -, • 1.,, •• -41--- 0 _._ ME SCENYE OF THE

===== 0002601_19040109_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CONQUERING TURBINE.

Whether the turbine is yet qualified to -supersede the cylinder on battleships is a Point the Admiralty are p‘Tsistently putting to a practical test, though so far their experi- mental turbine craft have been unlucky. It 18, of course, the ill-fated destroyers Cobra anc:l Viper that are referred to, both of Which met an early and disastrous end. Now we are soon to see a turbine cruiser in our spiadrons in the shape of the Amethyst, Which has been recently launched at Elswick. The Amethyst, the first regular turbine war- ship, has a displacement of 3,000 tons, and is an unarmoured but protected vessel, being provided with a complete armoured deck, but not having any side plating. She is to be fitted with three of Parson's turbine

THE FIRST TURBINE CRUISER, THE AMETHYST. engines, which will be supplied with steam from -the Yarrow water - tube boilers, but it is not expected that any remarkable -speed will be attained, only about twenty- two knots being hoped for on her trials, a Slower speed than that of many cruisers fitted with the older pattern of machinery- The Amethyst must, however, be regarded more -as an experimental craft than anything else, and if she proves a success it is possible that we may see great development in tur- bine warship building. Her armament will not be heavy, but her battery will comprise a good many pieces of comparatively small calibre, consisting, as it will do, of ,twelve 4in., eight 3-pounders, and two Maxim guns, besides a couple of torpedo im. pulse tubes. • The Ainethyst will carry 300 tone of coal, and a crew of 230 officers and men.

.1 I I ,i I __ , _ I ,\._ Atii i \ , • e.-,--. -1, \\ 4, .e..,..,.. ::-.;;, , ._, i 4. _ _.,,__:: .. ._:,._ ~..,.. ~,,_ .44. Virw.- _-6 , ~.... - ioe h..:. tb, :: , f 1.16..... ' 1 • „ 1 di '4 WI.. \‘. It 01114:7 '. .! 4:: -17.• •- -- -,.., ' '`,-- 'WTI- - --.7,--7,,, • • • -,------ --Tieg_,,..- :,4-_,--.----:-SW, ---a'------'-`-' - - ...., i -,__-__,„„,-.„..-_-,,,, .---.-- ... -,..- - , _.- -- .....,...------ ...._ _____-__ -,---.._ ......-,-----g--- ... ____,....._ . -- ---- ----,--______ -_-_----.- -.......- -.....- -.......- .._,,..- ----- _____,.....„... ..........

===== 0002601_19040109_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
CHATSWORTH VISIT.

This week, since Monday, the King and Queen fiave been visiting the Duke and Duchess of Devonshire at Chatsworth, their magnificent seat in Derbyshire, and they organised a great programme of festivities for their Royal guests. It will be remembeted that their Majesties were to have gone to Chatsworth last Spring and great preparations had been made, when an hour or two before he was to have started the King became suddenly ill and had to postpone the visit by telegram at the last minute. Now he is making amends, as great disappointment was felt throughout the neigh- bourhood, which was delighted this week at the fulfilment of the long postponed visit. It is just over sixty years since a Duke and Duchess of Devonshire had the honour of entertaining a reigning Sovereign at Chatsworth, though the King, when Prince of Wales, has been there sveral times. The previous ,occasion -°' late Queen

CHATSWORTH. Victoria and the Prince Consort stayed with the grandfather of the present Duke: The Principal events of this week's programme were shooting and amateur theatricals. The Shooting was over the Bakewell, Ashford and Besley Coverts, and an expedition for lunch was made to Hardwick Hall, the Duke of Devonshire's other Derbyshire seat. The theatricals were organised, as usual, by Mr. Leo Trevor, who wrote a little pantomime on the subject of Cinderella," a clever little piece which plays just over the hour. Mrs. 'William James appeared in the title-role, whilst Miss Muriel Wilson and the Princess 1-lenrY of Pless, two of the prettiest women in the country, played the "ugly sisters" : and Sir Hedworth Williamson was the Prince, Mr. Leo Trevor himself playing the fairy godmother.

THE FARMER BARONET. Sir George Compton Reade, eighth baronet of an old family, once masters of Shipton Court, Oxfordshire, follows the plough on a little farm in the middle west ° of the United States, living the life of a small farmer. The first baronet was created in 1660 by Charles IL, and for nearly two centuries Shipton Court. Oxfordshire, and its magnificent

grounds had descended Ivith the tit4e. At the death, however, of the sixth baronet Sir John Chandos Reade, it was found that the property had been deeded away from his successor, so that now, following the death of the seventh of the line—Sir Chandos Stanhope Hoskyns Reade—only the empty title descends to Sir George, unless he carries out his threat of testing the question at law and gets a favourable decision. Although born in Can- ada, the farmer-baronet has lived tor upwards

as in 1843 when the .4! .. r ' • A- - ,u. .tr• ''' ‘,,1, .., t'll ' •A. ~ ftelfirm,lo i •I- , ni, . 'TN', . * t ~,,;,1 -i 1,,, To '' • i 5 •40/11 1401 . t,,,5....1 , ~. ty'ri,li - ,t.l}s,A Ir i N.:',,,,' • '01..g0., ..!--L-.,•:7:-.1:-.-....7` !--•,..., • . ~' '..._ _ ~ I!! tglV . i :1.1 kg 61 El, ME I . it rA• q1_11,..0 mit ..4,-.- a-. - p--- ----,k----1 ---__,__-, .. ___. . • - - - '

41, "4. 7 ti!c rOW.7- , 4-7 I*/) Lptoi I a .".1'

===== 0002601_19040109_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"

===== 0002601_19040109_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR GEORGE COMPTON READE AND HIS

PRESENT HOME AT DEXTER, MICHIGAN. of• fifty years in the neighbourhood of his present home, whither his father removed when George was a little boy. There he married a farmer's daughter, there his children were born, grew up, and were married, and to all his neighbours he was known as plain George Reade. He is tall and well built, and carries his fifty-eigght years well.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. ALGERNON ASRXON.

The new year sees the press without a cen- sor. Not that it has ever had an official censor, as was the case cluing the war in South Africa; but in Mr. Algernon Ashton, whose signature is familiar to every editor, it possessed a self-constituted critic of errors and mistakes, as enthusiastic as he was unre- munerated. But now, after some twenty years of active service, Mr. Ashton has announced his intention to re- sign his volun- tary post; and with the en- trance of 1904 he has decided to forswear his peculiar hobby. So, unless he slips back again owing to some egregious edi- torial error, which might once more stir Ins blood to MR. ALGERNON ASHTON battle and criti- cism, in future his pen will remain listlessly in its tray. Once before, in 1901, he an- nounced the same intention at the commence- ment of the century, and for a whole year he was faithful to his vow. But then he began again in 1902 with renewed energy, with the result that the past year, with its return of cicse upon one hundred letters, has proved almost the heaviest in his record. Mr. Ash- ton's first letter to the Press was addressed to the "Pall Mall Gazette" in 1883, and dealt with the question of Cruickshank's grave. Since then he has written many hundreds, of which many have dealt with the subject of the graves of famous men. Much that he has written has been very interestiqg ; and his letters, so suddenly stopped, will be quite missed, as much by editors as the general public.

- etit \N\ j Aar 'ON ASHT,

===== 0002601_19040109_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
ARCHBISHOP BOURNE.

An event of the utmost importance and interest to Roman Catholics in Great Britain was the enthronement of Dr. Bourne as the Archbishop of Westminster, in succession to the late Cardinal Manning. It took place last week at the recently - opened Westminster Cathedral, which is now almost completely decorated. The ceremony was a gorgeous pageant and most impressive, and a great host of Catholics was gathered to do homage to the new Archbishop. By a coincidence it was the anniversary of the Feast of St. Thomas of Canterbury, and great interest was aroused by the presence of the mitre of Thomas A'Becket in a glass prieu-Dieu. The ceremony itself was in three parts—the reception of the Arch- bishop, the enthronement, and the celebration

of Mass, followed by the bestowal of the Papal blessing. But the pallium, the emblem of ecclesiastical authority in England, had been personally conferred upon Dr. Bourne by the Pope during his recent visit to Rome, and thus the necessity of Papal legates was obvi- ated. This pallium is a small Y-shaped stole of lambs' wool blessed at the Church of St. Agnes during the singing of the " Agnus Del." The Archbishop was incensed by the Provost. and then a procession was formed to the altar. And then followed the enthronement in full canonicals, and the homage of the clergy, after which the Archbishop of West- minster celebrated mass. After the Gospt..l he delivered a pastoral address, dealing mainly with the education question.

-r. . . ,c,' LI - • 111°1,i1,11 . 1141 T t?,11 ~.,, 1 .0 L r Ho , 1 ~,,, , .. I f j , /„..... 1 1.4. f..,.., 1 .1.,,,ik! - ~, . ,''‘.f. ° Al 4 ."' . 0. , ....... , .: . . , . ; t ~., '.,"; 0. 11'1 4;111), 'll - s4l',.'.::_ 'i; .. . '.111.-. ..a.....1g. ,:-. ..:.- 11-,;,,,„ ills ill ~ ,ir:...k,-,:. ,-,d,,rf.,- 1 I.\\li::4 :V1... 11::' -an' ii ' lial ill' /111‘ .;P:' joi,-- :. . ';''•,`" ,:fillin illllll` .1 ill ' 'IV ~.. _ •:. ~.... .1110iIiIIIIIIIIIIIILi 1 1111111: h -1 . _ . , L.............., . ...- I 41, 'IN ....'lt.,,

WESTMINSTER CATHEDRAL.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOTOR CAB AT LAST.

The long-looked-for motor cab is at last making its appearance, and the London Express Motor Service is placing. a number of vehicles, similar to that shown m our illustration, upon the London streets. The car is a petrol car driven by a two-cylinder Aster engine of 12 horse-power, and has three speeds. The car is rather larger than the present horse-drawn cab, and there The

is more room inside. r'l',, . . , iof N ---- .'-. - , le • -.: • I_ id ...... *, --... A,,,..;.-:•••••••-.7% ..-7-= !.1t:::z:::',t ..- r:.,,,,,1 kie,l4::.• _ , iff/// :••• t- .' /a..,,,,---.; • ~ -,.. - • -.- .-.- _.,4__:', 0.7 4"0, , j ,1..„1 , . .-, • ~,,,,,,, ,0. -. ...4.1., - -------- :

===== 0002601_19040109_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THR NEW MOTOR CAB FOR LONDON.

driver sits in front of the passengers, but at one side, and there is an additional drop seat next to him, which can be utilised when wanted. The front can be raised or lowered by the passenger by a spring attachment, and there is a distance indicator, so that disputes. can be avoided. There is room for luggage in a boot at the back, and also on the floor by the side of the driver.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

FIRST DIVISION.

LEEDS v. BROUGHTON RANGERS.

The return match was played at Leeds, before a good number of spectators. In the first game at Broughton Leeds were defeated by six points, but since that time they have shown such improved form that they are well in the running for the _championship of the League. Oram missed placing an easy penalty goal, and at half- time neither side had scored. The second half was very evenly contested. Fine efforts were made by Jenkins and Llewellyn on one side and Harris on the other, but all• attempts to cross the line were frustrated, and the game ended in a pointless draw.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
SALFORD v. BATLEY

A very one-sided game was played between these clubs, on the Salford ground. Lomas quickly found out the weak spots in the Batley defence, and when- ever he got the slightest chance he was . over their line. In the first half he scored two tries and kicked two goals and another try was scored by Tunney, so that at the interval Salford had a lead of thirteen points. The game in the second half was more of a farce than anything else. Batley although having the wind with them, were even weaker than they were in the first half, and their line was con- tinually being crossed. Lomas scored two more tries and kicked four goals, making his total for the match six goals and four tries, whilst other tries were scored by White, Heath, and Bedford. Final score :—Salford, seven goals and nine tries (41 points) ; Batley, nothing.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
HULL V. OLDHAM.

Oldham, playing at Hull, were the first to score with a penalty goal. Hull were playing brilliantly, but after a prolonged attack were beaten off. Tyson scored single-handed for Oldham, and Hull pressed to the interval without result. Half-time :—Oldham, five points; Hull, nothing. There was some good kicking afterwards, find then the match settled down to scrum- maging at midway. The Hull forwards got possession much more frequently than their opponents, but the backs could not get away with the ball. Oldham got away, and Carpenter was very near scoring, but was sent into touch. Oldham got possession from a scrummage, and Dixon scored, Carpenter failing to improve. After some midfield play Tyson dropped a splendid goal. Hull made a last effort, and some keen play was witnessed in the Oldham 25, but Spottagwoode removed all danger with a tong kick to midway. Just before the close Owen ran in a try on the right wing after a long kick across. Carpenter failed at goal. Result :—Oldham, two goals and three tries (13 points); Hull, nothing.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
BRADFORD ‘ . WIDNES.

At Bradford. The ground had been protected from frost. The first half was fairly well contested, the only score being a try by Linton for Bradford. On resuming Bradford went away with a rush, and Lalley, knocking the ball forward, caused a scrummage close to his line. From this Heseltine sent the ball to Dunbavin, who got over. Gunn missed the goal. A dribble by Heseltine Handforth, and Surman again sent the visitors into their quarters, but only a dead ball resulted. Bad pass- ing in front of the visitors' posts enabled Taylor to clear, but Widnes did not get beyond neutral territory. Widnes had.to contest the game in their own quarters, and finally Heseltine got a try, but Mosby failed at goal Heseltine again got another try, after passing with Dunbavin, and this time Mosby added the goal. From scrummages close up Bradford scored two more. tries. Taylor got over for Widnes. Result :—Bradford one goal and six tries (20 points) ; Widnes, one try (three points). HALIFAX v. HULL KINGSTON ROVERS.

In this match, at Halifax, the Rovers were the first to score, the point being the result of grand passing. West obtained the try, and Carmichael failed at goal. Then Rigg scored a try for Halifax, Hadwen failing at goal. Interval :—Kingston Rovers, five points; Halifax, three points. Afterwards the Halifax forwards, headed by Winskill and Bulmer, started an enciting dribble. Carmichael took a flying kick, wLich was charged down and after a fine race Wedgwood caught the ball before it went dead and registered a try. Wedgwood missed the goal. The game continued in favour of Halifax, whose rushes were stopped by Carmichael. The Rovers were penalised, a.nd Little kicked a goal. Towards the close Wedgwood cleverly dodged Carmichael and scored Little converting. Result :—Halifax, two goals and tame tries (13 points) ; Hull Kingston Rovers, one goal and one try (five points).

===== 0002601_19040109_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY HAVE BILE BEANS SUCCEEDED?

Simply because of their unequalled curative proper- ties. People always prefer the best—you do yourself. A few years ago Chas. Forde's bile beans were stocked only by a few of the leading and most far seeing Eng- lisb.chemists. To-day every medicine vendor of note in the British Isles, and in fact the whole world over, stocks them, and they are the most widely used family medicine. . . .

Their origin and their increase is most interesting. Some years ago Chas. Forde, an eminent Australian scientist, discovered a purely vegetable substance which has the peculiar property of acting on the human system in exactly the same way as nature's animal substance, bile. After much careful study he combined this sub- stance with some eight other vegetable ingredients, and then concentrated the product so obtained until a suit- able dose could be compressed into the space offered by a small bean. This medicine, made up in the form of a "bean for the bile," soon became widely known as "Bile Beans." Their use simply revolutionised the old method of pepsin, bismuth, or mercury closing, and of starving sufferers from liver trouble and indiges- tion by placing them on liquid diet. Bile beans do not give temporary relief only, and leave the patient weakened, like the out-of-date, so-called remedies of fixity or fifty years ago, containing probably aloes, mer- cury, and other harmful drugs. Bile beans, without the slightest discomfort, prompt the liver and digestive organs to act in nature's normal way, leaving those organs strengthened and stimulated. They produce a gentle action on the bowels, curing or preventing constipation, cleansing the stomach, and ridding the system of all impurities. Do not be misled by claims of half a hundred pills in the box, where probably four to six constitute a dose, and the doses cannot be discontinued. One bile bean „is one dose. They can be discontinued after the cure is effected; they are purely vegetable; they do not contain any harmful drugs, and they are the safest family medicine. Of all medicine vendors at is. lid. or 2s. 9d. per family box (2s. 9d. box contains three times is. lid.) Post free upon receipt of price from the Bile Bean Co., Red Cross-street, London, E.C.

Lymm Volunteers. The prizes gained during the year by the H. (Lymm) Company of the 3rd Battalion of the Ches- hire/Regiment were distributed on Saturday evening by the Rev. G. B. Thurston, who also presented Sergeant John Clare with a long service medal. An excellent tea was provided and afterwards a smoking concert was held. The Rector delivered a short speech and emphasised the necessity for intelligence and integrity in the life of the Volunteer. The reci- pients of prizes were as follows :—Colour-Sergeant Wingrove carried off the cup presented to the best shot in the company, while Private S. Starkey, Stockton, Heath, won the cup for the best shot among the re- cruits. For having qualified as marksmen the follow- ing were presented with 10s. each :—Colour-Sergeant H. Win„,arove, total points 52; Sergeant H. Holt, "80 ; Private W. McCreadie, 77 ; Ser- geant J. Hatton, 75 ; Corporal J. Houghton, 75 : Privates J.. Gray, 75; H. B. Houghton, 74; E. Downes, 74; P. Cook, 73; Lance-Corporal H. Leigh, 73; Sergeant J. C. Shaw, 72; Privates C. E. Hough- ton. 72; R. Perrin' 7; Corporal W. Daniels, 71; Lance-Corporals A. Robertson, 71; and F.. Plinston, 70. The following recruits also gained prizes, :the two first-named receiving 7s. 6d. and the remainder 2s. 6d.—Privates S. Starkey, 145 points ; W. Wright, 143; T. Brereton, 136, W. Watson, 126 • T. Percival, 126; J. E. Critchley, 123 ; and T. Hardy, 120.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
SONS OF TEMPERANCE RUNCORN.

The fortnightly meeting of the division was held on Saturday evening in the Greenway road schoolroom. After the ordinary business, the newly-elected officers were installed by the Grand Scribe, Bra. T. J. Holt, acting as deputy G. W. P. After the installation the newly appointed Worthy Patriarch (chief officer) said his first duty was to present a framed emblem of the order to Bro. George Powell, P. W. P. He had done his duty as an officer, and he had much pleasure in handing him the emblem. Bros. D. Bisbrown, T. Wyte, and others supported the resolution and sp, Ace in com- plimentary terms of Bro. Powell. He had, they said, worked his way in the division from t.cadet, and had now passed through all the impoytant offices. Bro. Powell thanked the brethren for their kind remarks, and said that the work had been a pleasure to him. It had been educational, and had made him abetter temper- ance advocate.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 9; 1904.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOD AND EMPIRE.

DO THE COLONIES DEMAND A SACRIFICE?

WHAT COULD THEY GIVE IN RETURN P

The Price of Empire. THE world was startled when the Colonial Secretary went down to Birmingham (May 15th), and, without any previous warning, initiated his scheme of Preferential Tariffs involving a tax on food. His reason for doing this, we gathered, was that he thinks the British Empire will not hold together unless the people of Great Britain are pre- pared to tax their food for the benefit of the Colonies. Said lie:

We should set ourselves a great example of community of interests, and, above all, that com- munity of sacrifice on which alone the Empire can permanently rest. . . . And first among those means is the offer of preferential tariffs.

According to the Colonial Secretary, the "sacrifice " has to be made entirely by the people of this country. As for "preferential tariffs," the Colonies are prepared to c.dmit British goods, but only on condition that adequate protection is afforded to Cclonial products. On our side, Mr. Chamberlain told us bluntly: If you are to give a preference to the Colonies . . . you must put a tax on food.

He urged us to do this not so much because it could be beneficial to our trade, but as a means of keeping the Empire together.

Mr. Chamberiain'.s BArgain.

MR. CHAMBEKLAIN lISCCI this argument in the House of Commons on :`,lay 28th, when he said that unless we were prepared to establish a Fiscal Union, as the necessary beginning of a federal union, the Empire would fall into disjointed atoms. On • June 26th, at the Constitutional Club, he went even further. He told us that he had asked the Colonies if they were ready for Imperial federation, and they had replied, "No." He had asked them if they were prepared to contribute towards Imperial defence, but they would not make any promises. At last he asked if they were agreeable to preferential trading, and the reply he got was to the effect that although the Colonies were not prepared to let British goods go into their countries free, they would be very glad to reduce their duties upon our goods, providing we would give their produce a preference in our market.

Colonial Loyalty. Jr is always best to state an opponent's argument fairly and squarely. Mr, Chamber- lain's reason for wishing to tax our food is because he thinks we can only retain the Colonies by ties of trade interest. Reduced to plain words, it amounts to this: "The chief bond between the Mother Country and the Colonies is a commercial one, and it can only be maintained by Preference." Many who have watched the events of the last few years will not be willing to accept such an interpre- tation of Colonial loyalty without a protest. We think Mr. Chamberlain is entirely mis- taken, and our opinion is enforced by some recent words of the Canadian Premier. Sir Wilfrid Laurier, speaking of preferential tariffs. said:

If such arrangements would not be satisfactory to them, on my part, I do not want to have such an arrangement. If we are to have a Preference, it must be with a firm conviction that such an arrangement would be mutually profitable.

In the face of that speech, Mr. Chamberlain's fears of the Empire falling into disjointed atoms vanish.

Real Preferential Trading. LET us carefully consider what real pre- ferential trading means. The only kind of pre- ferential trading possible is one by which the Colonies can, without danger to themselves, give us some advantage in their market in return for an equal advantage in ours, which shall not Inflict any penalty upon us. Canada, Mr. Chamberlain's favourite example, provides a good illustration of the difficulties from a Colonial point of view. What can Canada give us in return for a tax upon food ? So far as the Empire is concerned, the Colonial Secretary has told us (May lah) : "Canada is, of all our Colonies, the most backward in contributing to common liefence." On these grounds, therefore, it may be said that Canada owes us something to start with. As a matter of business, we do not ket,p the largest Navy in the world going for the protection of our own and the Colonial trade without great expense. Canada tried to give us something in return in 1897, when she granted a preference to British goods. Canada was then putting a duty on all manufactured goods that she received, and by degrees she gave us a preference by reducing the duty on British goods by one-third. But the remaining duty has been more than sufficient to shut out British goods, and the preference has been almost worthless. According to the memo- randum, prepared by the Colonial Office in 1902:

A comparison, either between _total values, or

rates of growth, of the Canadian imports, subject to the lower and higher tariffs respectively, or of imports derived from the United Kingdom and foreign countries, fails to disclose any marked effect of the preferential tariff in stimulating trade between the British Empire and Canada.

Until Canada is prepared to allow British goods to enter her borders under such con- ditions as will enable us to compete with her own, no preference can be of any real advantage to us. This Canada will not grant, and there- fore, so far as she is concerned, the whole scheme of mutually advantageous preferential trading breaks down.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
A Scheme that Failed.

WHAT applies to Canada applies with still greater force to our other self-governing Colonies. So long as they keep up duties against our goods in order to protect their own, all hope of arranging a mutual scheme of preferential trading falls to the ground. See- ing this, Mr. Chamberlain asks us to make a sacrifice and tax our food for the benefit of the Colonies. We are to give everything and get nothing.

PLEASANT PA RACTR A PHS.

FARMER: "Look here, my son, it is time to repair our mill. The artists are beginning to paint it." "THE way to sleep," says a scientist, " is to think of nothing." But this is a mistake. The way to sleep is to think it is time to get up. TEACHER—" Can you explain what is.meant by vicarious punishment?" Johnny—" Yes, sir. When mother gets angry with father she whips me,"

"IF I punish you," said a mamma to her little girl, " you don't suppose that 1. do so for my plelsure, do you?" "Thtn whose Fleasure is it for, mamma?"

A BALD HEADED man fainted the other day, and was very indignant when he was corning to at hearing a Cockney exclaim, "Give him hair: Give him hair !"

DRESSMAKER—" SO you are not satrl-ied with the dress, madam. I fear, then, I shall have no more of your work?' Customer—" No ; but I'll recommend you to my friends!' JONES: "Did you have a good day's sport?" Brown "Splendid." Jores : How did my dog work for you?" Brown : " Wonderfully. Ho led me directly to the poulterer'." BOBBY: "Don't you know that folks can't get married after they are dead, Mr. Littlepate ? " Mr. Littlepate : "Why, of course I do." Bobby: "Then what are you dying to get married for, as Sister Sue says you are ?" SAID a conscientious auctioneer, "Ladies and gentlemen, there is no sham about these carpets. They are genuine tapestry carpets. I bought them from old Tapestry himself." SUNDAY SCHOOL TEACHER—" Now, Tommy you tell me, what must we do before our sins can be forgiven ?" Tommy (with a bright and intelli- gent expression)—" Please, miss, we must sin."

CHICKERING : "Some of the new houses about here are so narrow that a piano cannot be put in." Baus (excitedly): "You don't know the rent of the houses next door to them do you?" _

QUITE WILLING To Do intended as a gentle hint. "Our rule here," he said, "is pay as you go." "Quite right," replied the other pleasantly, "but I am not going yet." A BRIGHT DETLCTlVE.—lnspector of Police: "Why did't you report at eleven o'clock, as I told you to? It is after twelve now!" Detective : "Confound it, sir, one of those pickpockets I was shadowing has stolen my watch !" His REASON FOR IT—Mother: "Why, Tommy! you don't mean to say you took a second piece of pie when you were visiting, do you? Why did you do it?" Tommy: "I just wanted to show them that I was used to havin' plenty to eat when I was at home."

A LETTER was posted at a village post-office that had no postage stamp on it, but in place of the stamp had the tollowing written on one corner of the envelope :—" Mr. Postmaster, don't charge no postage on this; the stamp wouldn't stick, so I tole the thing up." EVEN as she looked the angry light faded from her eyes, and the cold, cutting words that but a moment before trembled on her tongue were never uttered. Instead, her heavenly orbs took on the, soft, dreamy look of love, and she bowed her head on his manly shoulder. She had noticed in the upper right-hand corner of his vest reposed two . tickets for the play. __ _ _ _ _

HERS ?-114r: Hoffman Howes: "I see some fellah has an article in the Athenmum, entitled 'Have we Two Bwains or One?' What do you think of that question, Miss Fligh? " Miss Fligh : "Well, really, between you and me I think we have only one."

CAREFUL OF HIS TROUSERS. —Miss Cashley : "You have dropped your handkerchief on the floor, Mr. Van Dudekin." Van Dudekin (prepar- ing to get on his knees) : "I did it with a pur- pose, dear Mies Cashley—er—Edith, I love you; will you be my wife?" AN average reader gets through about 400 words a minute. This is without reckoning the young lady reader who skips through the introductory chapters of her novel, searches diligently for the love scene, and then turns to the end to see if the book finishes in the way she desires. RAGGED REUBE "Here's a chicken coop. Let's hook a chicken fer our Chris'mus dinner." Weary Willie: "Collar a live chicken? No! Wait till we come to a butcher's shop." Ragged Reube : "Why ?" Weary Willie: "I'm not goin' ter spend Chris'mas pullin' out feathers." "DIDN'T you tell me, sir, you could hold the plough ? " said a farmer to an Irishman whom he had taken on trial. " Arrah, be aisy, now," said Pat, "how could I hold it, and two horses drawin, it away from me? But give it me in the barn, and, be jabers, I'll hould it with anybody." AN Eton boy was reproved by his master for his exercise sheet, so careless and full of errors. "Even your younger brother could do better than this." "Please, sir--" said the boy, and hesi- tated. "Well, what can you say for yourself?" "Please, sir, he hasn't been here as long as I have !"

" Dismiss, do you know anything about litera- ture?" "No." "Know anything about art?" "Nothing." "Know anything about music?" "Not a rap." " Good ! Come over to my room, pick out a pipe and let's enjoy ourselves." So CONSIDERATE.—Husband (newly-married) : "Don't you think, love, if I were to smoke, it would spoil the curtains ? " Wife: "Ah ! you are really the most unselfish and thoughtful husband to be found anywhere; certainly it would." Hus- band "Well, then, take the curtains down." "Now, silt," said the professor of medicine, "will you tell me to what class of maladies in- somnia belongs?" " Why-er," replied the indo- lent youth, "it's a contagious disease." "I never heard it before. Where did you learn of this?" From experience. Whenever my neighbour's dog can't sleep, I keep awake too."

A NEW lavina.—Mr. Justice Lowrance recalls a colloquy between a prisoner on his trial for horse-stealing and himself. Judge: "Why did you steal the horse?" Prisoner: "To earn my livin'." Judge: "Bad way of earning your living, isn't it ? " Prisoner: "Must do something." Judge: "So you must. Try six months' hard labour."

Mn. BUYER "Mr. Green, there seems to be something serious tha matter with the horse I bought of you. He coughs and wheezee, and I think perhaps he is broken a little in wind. What would you advse me to do?" Jay Green: "Sell him as quick as you can ; as I did. A GRADUAL CHANGE.— Farmer (to tramp) "You said you were going to work, and here you are lazily watching those men ploughing, but doing nothing yourself." Tramp: "Well, guy'nor, sud- den changes are not good for me, I'm trying to get used to the sight of work." COULD NOT AFFORD IT.—A creditor called upon a debtor whom he found at dinner, busy carving a turkey. " Now,lsir," said the visitor, "are you going to pay me soon?" "I should only be too glad, my dear sir; but it is impossible; I am cleared out, ruined; I haven't a stiver." "Why, sir, when a man cannot pay his debts, he has no business to be eating a turkey like that." " Alas ! my dear sir," said the debtor, lifting the serviette to his eyes, "I couldn't afford to keep it!" COMPLIMENTARY.—On a certain cross-country line, whose trains have been known to do the journey of ten miles within the hour, a native appeared with a collie. Stationmaster : "Have you a ticket for the dog?" "No," was the reply; "the dog'll run behind." ON a certain farm in the North, considerable damage has been done to the fences by early-morn- ing trespassers in search of mushrooms. The othar day a boy, the son of a ;Socialist in the neighbour- hood, fell into the clutches of tile farmer, who offered to release him it he would promise not to come again • but the youngster was the son of a Socialist, and had "views." "Father says," he remarked, cal. ..Iy, "as them 'era mushrooms is as much our'n as your'n. You dikin't sow !cm ! They growed prornisc'oui like." •‘ Oh, that's it, is it?" retorted the farmer. "Very wee!, here's summut else in t' hedge as I didn't sow, and yo' can hey the benefit on't," with which he cut a serviceable switch from the hedge and gave a thrashing to the youngster. " Noo then," he remarked, when he had finished, "just you trot off 'ome an' tell your father as Aw've a duck-pond on t' farm. Aw niveri sowed that, nar dug it aythur, for that matter. It coom sorter promise ous like, and if '&11 just stroll round Aw'll see as 'e gets his share O' that 1" The Socialist made no claim.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Benefits and Burdens.

To sum up, we see that: 1. Colonial loyalty' does not depend upon pre- ferential tariffs.

2. As a business proposal, tariffs would not be profitable to us. 3. The Colonies cannot afford to give us a preference which would allow us to compete with them on equal terms. 4. Mr. Chamberlain asks us to make a sacrifice for the Empire, but that sacrifice is not demanded by the Colonies. While we might consider a sacrifice of luxuries, we have no right to demand it from the poorest, of the poor.

SHOPEREAKING AT RUNCORN. About two hours were occupied at the ,eheshire Quarter Sessions, at Knutsford, on 'Wednesday, in hear- ing a charge against Albert White, alias William Lewis, tailor, for breaking into the butcher's shop of the Run- corn Co-operative Society, and stealing 2s. 6d. 41bs of pork, and a newspaper. The newspaper was really the cause of his undoing. He was seen loitering about the premises an the night of the 13th November, and next day it was found they had been broken into and the property stolen. Next, a " jemmy" wrapped up in a newspaper—which, it was found, had been stolen from the shop—was discovered at a common lodging-house, The Marriage of Mr. Henry Tollemacbe. where prisoner had stayed that night. Prisoner cross- At a ineetiug of the friends and supporters of Mr. examined the several witnesses at great length, and Henry Tollemache, the member for the Eddisbury made a lengthy address to the jury. He was, however, found guilty. Sir Horatio Lloyd informed the jury division of Cheshire, -which was held at Chester that prisoner had been eleven times previously con- on Saturday, under the presidency of Sir Philip Grey victed, and had served one term of five years' penal Egerton, it was: resolved to present Mr. Tollemaehe servitude. On returning he resumed his old practices, with a suitable gift on the occasion of his approach- and had served two terms of imprisonment. He would ing marriage, in recognition of his long and valued have again to return to penal servitude for five years. services to the division and the county of Chester.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
A MARE THAT DIED. Action at the Warrington County Court ,

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday before His Honour Judge Bowen Rowlands, K.C. Jesse Norcott, of Caldwell Farm, Crowley, sued Squire Rat- cliffe farrier and shoeing smith,of Hartley- street,Oldham for £l2 15s. for the keep of a mare. There was a counter claim for £35 for the less of the horse.—Mr. A. Browne represented the plaintiff and Mr. Steel appeared for the defendant.

Mr. Browne in opening the case, said the action was adjourned from the last Court, ,m the application of Mr. Steel, who desired to make a counter-claim. The Icircumstances of the case. as detailed by Mr, Browne, were that on the 30th April, 1901, the defendant wrote Ito the plaintiff asking him to admit to his ley a mare 'in foal, on the understanding that the plain- tiff received the foal as compensation for his services and the cost of keeping the animal. If the mare remained on ,his farm for more than three months it was furtheragreed that the defen- dant should pay 7s. a week. In course of timethe mare foaled and the defendant on going over to the farm was pleased with the appearance of the mare. In con- sequence of the defendant neglecting to take the mare away she became afflicted with mange. The defendant never replied to any letters and when theplaintiff went over to see him, he told plaintiff to get some stuff and dress the mare ready for the nest sale at Crewe. The animal was unfit to be taken for some time, and when she was ready, the defendant still allowed the mare to stop at the farm and did not comply to the plaintiff's request to take her away. The animal, whilst in a field, became afflicted with a disease known as "the staggers" an commenced jumping. Whilst try- ing to leap a recently trimmed hedge, the mare became impaled and a stake stuck in her. The stake was removed and a veterinary surgeon called in, but the animal died the same night. —The plaintiff, in cross-examination, admitted that the animal was working a harrow at the time she had the accident. He did not tell the defendant that she was working a harrow at the time. He was vexed with Broomfield who was driving the mare, for not keeping the animal off the fence when she became afflicted with the staggers. She broke loose from the harrow. —William McAdam Graham, veterinary surgeon, stated that he found the animal suffering from staggers or concussion the brain , lao one could have helped the horse from prancing and falling on the hedge. He stitched up the wounds. —For the defence, Mr. Steel contended that the accident which resulted in the death of the mare did not occur in the way described by the plaintiff. He would call evidence to show that the mare was harrow- ing in the field, when she reared up and fell with her fore legs over a low hedge. Plaintiff was sent for and on arrival struok the mare with a whip. She reared up again and fell on the stakes in the hedge.—Walter Kelly, a farm labourer, formerly employed by the plaintiff stated that he saw the accident to the mare. The mare was drawing a harrow when the mare's feet got fast in the hedge and she fell against'the hedge. The plaintiff came on the scene with a whip in his hand and struck the mare. The mare then got up and fell on a stake in the hedge.—William* Broomfield, also a former employee of the plaintiff, gave evidence to the same effect.—Plis Honour gave judgment for the plaintiff for the amount claimed and dismissed the eounter-claint.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED ASSAULT ON A FARM LABOURER.

The next action before the court WSS one in which Walter Kelly, farm labourer, sued Mr. Norcott for £5O damages for alleged assault on October 28th, Mr. Rye- croft, barrister, Manchester (instructed by Mr. Bancroft, of Northwich) appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. Browne defended..

Mr. Ryecroft said that on the date named plaintiff and a man named Spencer were sent to Warrington with two loads of straw. Mr. Norcott wasalso!at Warrington and he look Flick the lighter lurry, Kelly and Spencer having charge of the other vehicle which was laden with manure. They left Warrington about 7.30 and on the way to Crowley called at the Thorn Inn, Appleton where they each had a pint of beer. Theapproach to the farm Was a private road which was full of ruts. Here they stopped the horse and went to the farmyard for some chains.On returning they found that the horses had moved mid the lurry was very near to the ditch. They therefore decided that it would be safest to take the horses out of the lurry and leave the vehicle in the road all night. Kelly was leading one horse to the stables when he met Mr. Norcott who objected to the luny being left in the road and ordered Kelly to bring it to the yard. Kelly said it would be dangerous to remove the vehicle and refused, whereupon Norcott struck him a violent blow in the face, knocking him down. Whilst on the ground, he kicked him once or twice. The following day plaintiff consulted Dr. Love who found him suffering from a cut over the left eye,two fractured ribs, and bruises on the back. Plaintiff bore out this statement and denied that he was drunk. He did not strike the defendant with a pikel ' • neither did he 02 tke following day, threaten to shoot him. •

isSeveral witnesses werelcalled including Miss Britch of the Thorn Inn, who said Kelly and Spencer were sober, when they called at the house. For, the defence it was stated that Kelly and Spencer Fere drunk when they arrived at the farm. Kelly was bleeding and stated that he had fallen down and been trampled upon by the horses. Kelly seized Mr. Norcott by the throat and also wounded him with a pikel and a manure fork. Defendant denied having assaulted Kelly. • In cross-ekamination defendant denied having told a man named• Garner that he had "given Kelly beans."

Mrs. Norcott stated that she-took the- fork from Kelly. His Honour gave 'judgment for the defendant with- out costs. •

===== 0002601_19040109_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
YEAR AFTER AFTER YEAR.

Who has not read the remarkable letters from work- ing men and women which, day after day, and year after year, are being published in this and thousands of other newspapers throughout the United Kingdom respecting the undoubted merits of Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa as a Food Beverage? "Yes," you say, "I have read all about it, but I have not tried it." Then take our advice and do so at once. Vi-Cocoa is not an ordinary cocoa. It is not sickly and insipid like many of the foreign cocoas, but a pleasant beverage, and a food and tonic in the bargain. There is no cheaper or better article on the market. It is sold by all grocers and stores in 6d. packets and 9d. and is. Gd tins; or you can try it absolutely free by writing (a post card will do) to Vi-Cocoa, Limited,,6o, 13unhi11 Row, London, E.C., for a dainty sample tin.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
COLLIER SEVERELY CENSURED., A St. Helens Youth's Sad Death.

A severe reprimand was administered by Coroner Brighouse on Thursday night at an inquest at Peasley Cross St. Helens. on Edward Balmer, collier, of 127, Eleogant-lane. Balmer worked at the Queen pit of the Lea: Green colliery, and whose drawer was Edward Ashton, aged seventeen and a half years, who lived at 5, Elephant-lane. Ashton had,worked at the colliery since he was thirteen, but ha`d` only been a drawer eight months. Balmer said that on Monday morning there was a " tail " of coal which, after he had "holed" right through lie told deceased to get down with his pick. Balmer then went four or fire yards away to hole for anothershot. Thaccal comedown on deceased, and he was injured internally and died neKt day at the St. Helens Hospital. Balmer said that if the lad hadjworked for the position that he had told him he would not have been hurt.—The Coroner: Then he was doing something that you would not have let him do yourself if you had been there ?—Witness,: Yes. The Coroner then read general rule 39, which stated that" no person shall be employed as a coal or iron- stone getter or allowed to work alone in the face' works until he has had two years' experience in such working under supervision of some skilled workman." Witness admitted that he knew of the rule, and that deceased had not had two years training in working at the coal face.— The Coroner: In fact, he was your drawer.—Witness: Yes.—The Coroner: If the Government Inspector and the manager says you are very much to blame in this matter do you say you are not ?L-Witness: No.—The ' Coroner : Not in the face of that rifle ?—Witness: If he had stopped where he was he would not have met I with the accident.—Edward Smith, fireman, said it was against the rules for Balmer to leave deceased alone in the manner described. He gave Balmer instructions to , get the coal down himself, and he said, he' would do it , whilst the drawer was taking the coal away out of the working place.—The Coroner: Then Balmer did not carry out your specific 1;404. instructions ?—Witness: No.—The jury returned a Jan. 2—Bradford verdict of "Accidental death,"but said that Balmer had not only broken general rule 39, but also disobeyed the " 9—Wigan 16—Leeds specific instructions of the firemen, and he was dewy- " 23—Runcorn big of censuro.—The coroner had Balmer brought in, " 30—Salford and spoke to him of the terribl e consequences to the •b gr e'_ family of deceased. He thoroughly agreed with the . 6—Leigh 13—Warrixigton jury, and attached great value to their rider. His 20—Batley Majesty's Inspector also agreed with the jury. He 27—Keighley thought many people did not appreciate and put at its 'lan s—Broughton R full value the loss of life. That youth had been A 19—Hull 1 snatched away from his family in the flower of his '', 26—Swinton 1 youth by Balmer's carelessness, and because he had i. 2—Kingston R i broken both rules and instructions. The firm would 9—Oldham I not be doing its duty if they did not prosecute him 10—Halifax for breach of rules. • If 23—Huddersfield 99

WIDNES.

Sept. s.—Bradford „ 12—Wigan „ 19—Leeds • 26—Runcorn Oct. 3—Salford

',.., 20. Halifax 1. away „ 27. Huddersfield Mar. 5. Bradford „ 19. Leeds away „ 26. Hull Apl. 2. Salford home „ 9. Leigh away f y 16. Warrington home „ 23. Batley „ 30. Wigan

Points. For Agst... home 5 23 away 00 home 2 13 away 7 13

home 0 :5

, f f 10—Leigh away 5 1 „ 17—Warrington home 0 0 If 24—Batley „ 31—Keigh1ey •-• home 8 3 Nov. 7—Broughton R. away 0 r 0 77 14—Hunslet home 5 25 21—Hull 9 f away 5 21 „ 28—Swinton away 0 5

Dec. s—Kingston R home 0 3 „ 12—Oldham away 9 8 „ 19—Halifax home 0 0 „ 26—Huddersfield away 0 4 28—Hunslet away 3 0

===== 0002601_19040109_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
USE R BRONCHITIS EMBROCATION

"FT TOUCHES THE SPOT."

===== 0002601_19040109_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
OUTICURA SOAP

The World's Greatest

Skin Soap.

The Standard of Every Nation

of the Earth.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Sale Greater Than the World's Product of Other Mu Soaps.

Sold Wherever Civilization Has Penetrated.

Millions of the world's best people use Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuticura Ointment, for preserving, purifying and beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening and soothing red, rough and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings and chaiings, for annoying irritations and inflammations, or too free or offensive perspiration, for ulcer- ative weaknesses, and many sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, espe- cially mothers, as well as for all the purposes of the toilet, bath and nur- sery. Cuticura Soap combines delicate emollient properties derived from Cuti- cura, the great skin cure, with the pur- est of cleansing ingredients and the most refreshing of flower odours. No other medicated soap ever compounded. is to be compared with it for preserv- ing, purifying and beautifying the skins scalp, hair and hands. No other for- eign or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to be compared with it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath and nursery. Thus it combines in one soap at one price the best skin and complexion soap and the best toilet and baby soap ever compounded. Sale greater than the world's product Of all other skin soaps. Sold in every part of the civiliM world.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN LEAGUE FIXTURES.

1903. Sept. 5. Leigh 1') Hull

===== 0002601_19040109_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
First Division. WARRINGTON.

Points- For Agst home 8 3 away 7 2

19. Batley „ 26. Keighley Oct. 3. Broughton Rangers „ 10. Hunslet home 5 5

'

-- 17 Widnes lf • ,) 24. Swinton , 31. Hull Kinton Rovers away 0 2 Nov. 7. .01dham....._ home 0 3 . „ 14. Seaton home 5 2 „ 21. Huddersfield , 28. Bradford Dec. 5. Wigan „ 12: Leeds ..... —............ ......... _ _

.. „ 19. Runcorn .......... . 26. Salford 1904, . Jan. 2. Leigh „ 9. Hull „ 16. Batley , „ 23. Keighley „ 30i Broughton Rangers home Feb. 6. Hunslet away „ 13. Widnes home „ 16. Halifax away ~. 201 Swinton 27: Hull Kingston Rovers away Mar . 5. Oldham , away „ 12: Cup Tie . „ 19.. Huddersfield „ 26. Bradford home April, 1. Halifax home „ 2. W igan „ 9. Leeds home

home 18 5 away 11 3

,„ 16. Runcorn 23- Salford %. 30- .....

away home

===== 0002601_19040109_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

Points. For Aga. Sept. 5. Keighley away 10 2 ~, 12 Broughton Rangers home 11 0 77 19. Hunsleti , 20: Widnes . home 13 7 Oct. 3.. Swinton _ _ __. __

„ 10. Kingston Rovers home 5 10 „ 17. Oldham away 0 9 „ 24. Halifax home 7 0 , 31. Huddersfield Nov. 7. Bradford , N. Wigan ~ 21. Leeds home 0 6 ~ 28. Hull Dec 12. Leigh ' „ 19. Warrington , away 513 „ 26. Batley 28. Salford away 0 19 1904. Jan.

2. Reighley home Postpone& 9. Broughton Rangers 16. Hunslet 23. Widnes away „ 30. Swinton Feb. 6. Kingston 11 away 13 Oldham home

===== 0002601_19040109_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe "eranuner oertes

rE WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRB EXAMINICB." published every SW:mit— morning. THE EARLESTOWN AND NRWTON EXA MINER , published every Friday afternoon. T" "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon. THE "RUNCORN ExsnuxEß,"l,published every L. Friday afternoon. T" " WIDNES ExAmtres," published every Friday afternoon. One

Three Six Weeks. Weeks. ... le. 3d. ... 21. Od.

Words. Week. 18 27 36 45 54

... is. 10d. ... 39. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 3s. Id. ... ss. Od. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od.

libmestir gperbantg, etr

WANTRD, a good respectable GlRL.—Apply THE LIvER HOTEL, Waterloo near Liverpool.

WANTED Younq GENERAL, Protestant, tie. per week.— Apply. 4 PEEL STREET, Dingle, Liverpool.

NAti ANTBD, experienced General gSHRVANT ; all duties; small famiiy.—Apply 90, PA.RIE ROLD, Wigan.

WANDID good 42.-Nii. staL ; reference required —Apply MRS. BAYLY Isssc, 37. arpley street, Warrington.

WANTS!) a goJd GHLOCHAL SSIIVA.NT, age 20 to 25. Address Miss FoRREST, 5, Caicos street, Southport.

WANTRD R Good MINERAL. five no family. no wash- ing,good wagee.-24 Palcay an,Broad ereen,Liverpool

WANTED good GENERAL, able to wash.—Apply Mrs. POTTER, Hlndley Field Cottage.Bickershaw. or Wigan

ANTRD, a STRONG GIRL as GICNRRAL, for a dairy TV farm.—Apply 18, SHAW'S-LANE, Birkdale, Southport.

wANTHD Two Good ass icßius for farm house.— Aprly Mn. HIM, Home Farm, Aehton-in-Makerfiqd

ANT!ID good GENERAL SERVANT; must be a good plain cook.—Apply GLEN ALLAN, Charlton Drive,Sale

W&NUM experienced GIC RNRAL, no washing, wages £lB.—Mrs. SUTCLItF E. Southwood, Worsley, near Manchester.

WARTED Strong GIRL, for farmhouse; about 16 or 17; country girl preferred.—Mrs T WHITLOW, Thel- -wall, Warrington.

WANTSD, good COOK-GIiNKR&L or kitchen-maid might imit.—References to Hrs. ARTHUR RomNsos, The Knoll, Preseot.

A LL Classes of SERVANTS Requiring good SITUATIONS ti should apply to Mrs. ASKEW, Norton House, Penrhyn road, Colwyn Bay.

WANTSD Good COOK about 30. Wage i £23 to £3O; seven In family, seven servants,—CßEWDSON, Spring- field, Alderly lidge.

WANTHD Goad GENERAL SERVANT ; references required.—Write Mrs. BRowN, 19, Victoria Crescent, Eccles, Manch,- ster.

VirANTLID a Gool COOK-GENBRAL, reterence, ge Y 23 to 30, Abstainer preferred.-38 PORTLAND 9TREET. Southport.

VVANTHD, good COOK-GHNHRAL ; small family; good wages to suitable perLon.—Mrs. ALEXANDER, Sunny-, side, Fairhaven, Lytham.

WE, NT.ED. GRISTRRAL ; about 20; Protestant; two in family; must wash ; character required.-64, NOR- WOOD AVENUE, Southport.

WANTED a Good GWINBRAL, wages £l5, Ivery comfort- able home. three in famliy.—Mrs. ilowELLs, Clifton Junction. near Manchester.

WANTED. MINERAL SIVLVANC for small ; able to wash and do plain cooking.-25, HIGHER LINE, Fazakerley. Idverpool.

WANTED GENERAL or Kitchen-maid, good, with good references; 6s.—Apply DOING-R00:42, 71, Bury New road, Prestwich, Manchester.

,CIOOK S, Cook-generals,Housemaids, Genurais wanted; V some for master,mistress only.—BorrostLEY's Registry, Morley street, Bradford, Yorks.

WANTS]) for SMALL FAMILY, EXPERIIINCED Person, able to undertake whole of household duties . —Miss PEARCE, 14 Ashland Avenue, Wigan.

WANTED, Good GENERAL SERVANT for the country, small family, no washing, good wages given.—Apply Miss ANDREW, Brimstage, near Birkenhead.

WANTHO. experienced GENHRAL, able to do plain cookinu ; boy tor knives boots, &c,—LANCASHIRE SERvArre. AGENCY, 17, Hale road, Bowdon.

WANTBD Good HOUSBMAID ; three servants and gardener kept; washing sent out.—Apply Mrs. PILBBURY, Meadowelea, Hope, near Chester.

111000 SITUATIONS VACANT for Honseinaid-Waitresses 4,..X and Cook-Generals.—Apply Mrs. BROWN. first-lass Servants' Registry, 83, Chester road, Northwith.

WANT/ill, smart GIRL, 18 to 20, as GICNBLIAL ; wages and comfortable home references.—Sirs. lidAYn, 50, Pdarsland street, Hyde road, Manohest.r.

WANTHD, experienced GJINBRAL immediately; plain cooking ; assist with washing ; three in family ; £I7.—O'KELL. Grange road. Bowciln, Oheshire.

YTANTBD.—GB SBRVA.N2 for the country; small family ; no washing; good wages given.— Apply Miss ANDREW, Blimetage, near Birkenhead.

COOK-GBNBRA.LS. Kitchenmaids, and Generals Wanted; good references indispensable. MRS. FARN3VORI'L 60. Bark street. Bolton. Lancashire. Stamp for reply.

GOOD WAGES.—Wanted Clok-generale, Generals, House- maid-Waltresses, Nurse-Housemaid ; stamp.—The BELmoNT RaolsTar, 24, Belmont street, Southport.

'WANTED COOKS, age 25 to 35; £2O to £26 also House- mald-Waitreseet, Nurse-Housetnald and experienced Generals.— tdßs. MoRTIXER, 17. Hale-road, Altrinchatn.

WANTBD good GHNBRAL from 25 to 35; experienced. no washing : chlidren.—Anply giving references and stating wages,LEA.4s,Plvmouth avenue,C-on-M—Manchester.

LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or .til town.publie and private. —Call or write Miss Hafutisos's (only office), 6,oldham Street, Manchester, Established 1862. 'WOKS WANTRU £2O to £24. Housemaid Waitress £lB A...) to £22. Generals £lB to £ZO, Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other office.—Write to HARRISON'S 6, Oldham street, Manchester.

WANTED GIRL krespectable, Protestant. 17), as General; small family ; commence £ll ; fare paid; reference ; present servant Peen 7 years.--lirs. Powm.l., 101. Newsham Drive Newaham Park. Liverpool.

W A.NTRO Immediately, good GBNERAL SBRVA.NT. who cau cook ; good character and references indispensable ; family four ; two maido.—Addrese Mrs. LONGWORTH, 3, Cearna road, Oxton. Birkenhead.

WANTRD COOK-GENKRALS, experienced Nurse two babies for Southport, good country Generais,excellent wages well-recommended situations for suit tble maids.— Miss PA4ToN'S KROIsTRY, 18 Hale road aitrincharn. 4 LL CLASSES Superior SERVANTS WANTND. for .411. London, Scotland, Northumberland, ,te.—CoUNTY REGIErritY ('dale and Female Servants), Spring Bank, Preston. Branches : Sunderland, Durham, Nmthurnber- land and South.

COOK, Waitresses, s. wingmaids, Housemaids, Nurses, Kachenmaids, Underb,msemaids, Betweenmaids, Generals, good characters inclisnensable.—PtATFlELD. Victoria Registry, 25 Victoria street, Manchester.

A. LL °LANUS (.1F SITUATIONS, private and public, good homes. ercPllent wages ; places in town.country. and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street, Manchester.

- 4.IOUTHPORT and DISTRICT DOMESTIC AGENCY.— L. 7 Ladies requiring good Servants, end Servants wanting good situations, stamp for reply.—ElAuursoN's, London. street, Southport. Three doors from Parr's Bank.

yr RS. PENTON, Progressive Servants' Agency, 44. 13.1. Charles stre..t. The oldest established in Blackpool. Wants SBRVANTS with references, for Hotels. Boarding and Private Homes : good wa,r,s ; enclose stamp. Tel. 0637.

Itisrellanous, On oate, err.

HAY.— ALDERSON BROTHERS, Direot Importers, 21, Brasenose road, Liverpool.

OLBSKINS, dressed specially for Muffs, Stoles &c., 6s AYJ per dozen —ADAM" Furrier, Chard.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Co Lit Let.

_ PENKETH.—Cottaeee ele Od., 3s. 9d. and Le. Bd. per weak OFFICES MARKET STREET Apply ROBERT Low% Estate Agent,No, 1 Rank-etroet War, rington. Telepbone—No 65. QPLENDID HOUSES, Bispham near Blackpool. Five 7 bedrooms. bath and w ; near tram and sea.— KNIGHT. Resketh Place, Bispbam.

'llO PROPRIBTEIRS of PROVINCIAL NR WSPAPIIRS. .1 Centrally situated Offices to Let in London, with joint mirvice of competent representatives for advertising and tiollecting business, Telepnonic and telegraphic centre.—For further particulars, apply The SECRETARY, " Newspaper Commercial Corporation." 47, Fleet street, London, B.C.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNERAL CATilr, single and folded, in the newest patterns, iprinted on the shortest notice.

EXAMINER" OFFICE. BEWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON

TELEPHONE 355 Y.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

INVOICES for Grocers Shoemakers, Cloggers Butchers. Bakers, Plumbers, Publicans, &c. A DDRESSES, Pamphlets, Secretaries Reports •1 &c., printed in any size and quantity. COAL MERCFIANTS' TICK TS. Billheads, Memorandums, &c. BEWSEY STREF%. WARRI.NGTON

===== 0002601_19040109_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

QANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers LY well. " After one dressing I found 135 deed next morn- ing."—J. BLISS, Heistborpe, Leighton. "I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."—C. Coot, Farmer. Silesmere. destroyed 145 rats with it."-0. %Moos. Offord.—Send Is Ed to SANFORD & SONS, Sandy St.Beda. old by Chemists

ALL kinds of BOOKS BOUND in any style from the simplest to the most elaborate. POSTERS OF ALL SIZBS ALL KINDS jOF PRINTING.FOR CONCERTS TEA PARTIES SOIREES SERMONS BALLS MEETINGS &c., Szo PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARD 9, PROFESSIONAL GENTLEMEN, JOHN ‘II.74:kLKER AND CO.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, Sanuary 9, 1904.

Ingttrianous, On kml:3', tit.

Voultrv, ?Li& *lurk, ett:

()N sale Hartz mountain ROLLIARS in full song 6s. 6d Bs. 6d. and 10s. 61. e401i.--Ottoult.36 Union St. Leyland

110r5t5. CfarriageOt

===== 0002601_19040109_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
AroLE SKINS for Bal., and wanted.—F, HATFIELD, -131- Westgate, Grantham.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTIID.—HOMIIS for GULISTS, Invalids, Children, T Apartrnenta,House..—TtaircEn'a,l6B Piee.diilv,London.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
300tt15, Oporos, zoarbinq 05ta b 5

===== 0002601_19040109_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
apartments furnafber Ilowsts etc

===== 0002601_19040109_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS

THOUSANDS nF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM

D. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A

===== 0002601_19040109_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
BOON TO WOMANKIND.

Tbey'are the beet known Remedy for •Ansetnia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after. Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailmonts. Boxes 9id, Is lid. 25 91, 45 6d, and lie, May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Ptorrietor. Only Address : 3./9. PORTOBELLO-ROAD. NOTTING HILL:

convoN W.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

JANUARY 9th 1904.

Mr. CHA3LBERLAIN,as POLITICAL RADIUM. we learn from one of

his journals, is the incarnation of radium in public life, as he " per- sonifies the inexhaustible energies of man." This is a gratifying suggestion that we shall not lose him in the ordinary course of mortality, but that he will continue to radiate activity through the Empire for ever and ever. The Australian Government, as Lord ROSEBERY hints, have their misgivings about the duration of Mr. CHAMBER- LAIN'S influence. They would like to have the benefit of it in Australia now. Lord ROSEBERY interprets Mr. DEA.KIN'S invitation to mean that a Ministry which has not cut a triumphant figure at the recent polls are eager to engage tLie services of our champion agitator. That would be a very good business for Mr. DEAKIN. Mr. GUAM- BERLAIN would be a popular novelty on Australian platforms, and Mr. DEAKIN would enjoy that ex- cellent advertisement which belongs to every enterprising impresario. As for the policy to be expounded, the Australian Premier has no very clear idea of it, and would like to know a good deal more. " We conceive that this distant con- tinent possesses a title to consideration as one of the interested parties in your proposed agreement for Preferential trade." Lord , ROSEBERY quoted this at Edinburgh to shew that the proposed agreement is still rather nebulous to Mr. DEAKIN, although Mr. CHAMBERLAIN is always telling us that it is the pressure of the Colonies which led him to take up the cause of Tariff reform. If that were so, Australia would have a pretty definite notion of what she wants ; but here is Mr. DEAKIN saying to Mr. CHAMBER— LAIN in effect: "It may be all right; still, we don't exactly know what you are driving at. Come over and tell us, and incidentally help us if you can to remain in office." Mr. CHA3fRERLAIN him- self says of Australia "I do not doubt that she will be ready to meet in no grudging spirit all pro- posals for strengthening the bonds between us.' Then the proposals are not of her making or initiation; they are shot out by the inexhaustible radium of Birmingham, and their great advantage in Mr. DEA.Krx's eyes, as in Mr. CHA3tBERLAIN" is that they promise to confer some benefit upon certain deserving politicians. But our radio-active agitator cannot spare any personal rays for Australia at present, and not even a luminous particle from his Tariff Com- mission. The" most impprtant consequence Of radium,"said Sir OLIVER LODGE in his Birmingham lecture, "was the discovery of the mutability of matter, the transmutation of elements, and the liability of mata.rial:atoms to break up and explode.' Mr. CHAMBERLAIN' must have listeaed to this with full appreciation of its bearing on his own

" inexhaustible energies.' For mutability of matter where should we look if not to his speeches ? Who can transmute the elements more sucussfully than the politician at whose magic touch Protection becomes a development of Free Trade ? And if we want to study the liability of material atoms to break up and explode, what better illustration can be found than the condition of the Unionist party? Mr. PIKE PEASE, writing to the "Times," calls upon the Liberal-Unionists to explode for the purpose of blowing up the Dum; of DEVONSHIRE. He is; still President of the Liberal-Unionist Association but, says the "Times," "Mr. PIKE PEAsE will pro- bably have many sympathimrs in his view that Liberal-Unionists should now clear up their position by definitely expressing their full approval of Mr. CHAMBERLMN'S policy and aims." The DUKE is doubtless prepared for this contingency. He can scarcely expect to retain any control over the machinery of the Liberal-Unionist organisation when he has openly proclaimel his hostility to Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. The DUKE can give many points in statesmanship to that politician, but none in the manipulation of a party caucus. He has detached himself no less completely from Mr. BALrouit than from Mr. CHAMBERLAIN, and he must say that they are carrying the bulk of their party with them, and that there is no permanently intermediate position for him. He cannot take up the attitude of one who is neither a supporter of the Government nor an ally of the Opposition. To render the highest service to the cause of Free Trade he is bound to face the necessity of falling into lino with the Liberal leaders.

THE chances of pre-

_ ALARMS AND serving peace in the Far CONTINGENCIES. East grow more slender every day ; but there is time for speculation as to the contingencies involved in a struggle. No subject could be better chosen for the exercise of nervous fancy. Ie the nature of things it does not seem likely that a war would be brief. Both sides have so much at stake that neither would submit easily to any reverse. In the meantime the explosive possibilities of Asia, and their effect upon England, France, Germany, and America, would keep the most active imagina- tion busy. Mr. FREDERICK GREENWOOD has conjured up a picture of the yellow races, intoxicated by Japanese successes, hurling themselves everywhere upon the European in- truders. He thinks this upheaval would compel the powers to combine against Japan, and that the position of England as the ally of Japan would then become untenable. This is a very large assumption. It supposes that all China would b a furnace of ferocity, which could not be extin- guished except by the intervention of the white races on behalf of Russia. This is the sort of nightmare we might expect from the Kaisor,whose historical utterances about the Chinese have not been remarkable for sobriety. Indeed, if war should break out, and if it should go badly ' for Russia in the early stages, the German newspapers will certainly indulge in a scare about the "Yellow Peril." That would be their cue ,from St. Petersburg; but it is an excellent reason why we should not lose our heads. One. effort to frighten us has signally failed already. This was the suggestion that France would be compelled to help Russia if China,or any Chinese supposed to be acting by the direction of their Government, should side with Japan. That notion has been so emphatically repudiated in Paris that we are not likely to hear of it again. Equally baseless is the apprehension that the Powers will have to make common cause with Russia if they are not to be swept out of China by some stupendols outbreak of yellow frenzy. It would suit Russia and her German sympathisers very well to have this generally believed; but why should the rest of the world believe it?

Mr. GREENWOOD has a proposal for making everybody safe. Let Europe and America say to Russia and Japan: "There must be no war. You are quarrelling about Corea. We must put a stop to that. Be it known, therefore, that henceforward Corea is under our protection, and that we shall permit neither of you to get any territorial advan- tage over the other." If this seems rather absurdly peremptory, let us givo the proposal in Mr. GREEN- WOOD'S own words: "Appropriation of Corea by either of the countries named is no better right nor even half so great, as its preservation to its own people, for the peace of all the world. Why, then, may not the European nations—America included, of course—take possession of Corea, declare it under Common protec- tion, forbid Russian encroachment in the north, forbid Japanese invasion in the south, and so give to the contending Powers their indispens- able security against each other? Or if some expansion, some emigration ground is really necessary for Japan (a dubious question how- ever), that might possibly be arranged by the cession of a narrow enclave in the south of Corea, where it would threaten no other nation's peace." All this is just as practical as if it were dictated by some idealist in another plinet. It does not occur to Mr. GREENWOOD that no diplomatist would propose this fantastic scheme to the Euro- pean nations, America included with the smallest expectation of getting it accepted ; or, supposing that difficulty to be overcome, that Russia and Japan would do anything but treat it with polite derision. Imagine the united forces of the Pro- tectorate patrolling Corea so as to keep the Russians out of the north, and the Japanese out of the southern portion, except their " enclave,' kindly conceded to them by general consent! The diplomatists of the neutral Powers may not be able to prevent war between Russia and Japan ; if not, the only practical course open to them is to keep out of it. The upshot of the conflict may raise some very grave questions affecting our own interests ; but for the time cv9 have to maintain neutrality, and in that attitude we are fortunately sustained by the pacific policy of M. DELCASSE,

Warrington Bridge is, after all, to be widened by cantilevers, and Alderman Smethurst has at last carried his point. It is surprising what a complex question this apparently simple improve- ment has developed into, and what a number of difierent sources of opposition there are. The pro- posal before the Town tiouncil on Tuesday was the acme of simplicity, but scarcely any of the speakers could confine themselves to it for a moment. They would not discuss whether or no Warrington bridge should be widened, but instead they dilated upon rosy schemes for develop- ing the south side of the town, building new bridges over the river and generally airing their pet ideas. We have a great deal of sympathy with Councillor Maginn's project, but it was not before the meeting on Tuesday,and with ail his eloquence

the member for St. John's advanced no argumenC against the widening scheme. No matter how many new bridges are thrown over the river at Howley and Arpley the fact still remains that Warrington bridge carries the main thoroughfare between Lancashire and Cheshire, and that it must be widened to b.-) either safe or serviceable. Councillor James Evans obscured the issue almost as much as Councillor Maginn, with his dark hints about level crossings, railway improvements, and approaches from the Latchford side. It was left to Alderman Pierpoint and Coun- cillor Tinnion to deflect the discussion into the proper channel, when the question was soon decided and a majority of 1.5 votes to 10 given in favour of the widening. An important step 2orward has, at last, been taken, but we shall not have much cooliden2e in the scheme being brought to a successful issue until we see the contractor's men actually on the job. There are some men in the Council who have reduced to a fine art the policy of obstruction. In our own opinion, however, the Council has decided wisely, and we cannot see that the widening of the bridge will harmfully effect any future projects. Alderman Smethurst is to be congratulated on the enterprise and persever- ance which have enabled him to lick into practical shape two valuable improvements, viz., Lime- street corner and Warrington bridge.

The Branch Library question also made good progress, and the Council now stands committed to two or three delivery stations, issue centres in the elementary schools, and a reading room at Silver-street. This is a considerable advance toward the goal which Mr. Upson aimed at when he introduced the subject m the Town Council some fe A" months ago &rid he must be ("ratified at the prompt steps which have been taken. There was a practically unanimous feeling in favour of the Library Committee's proposals, the only dissentient being Alderman Sutton who distinguished himself by the expression of remark- ably out-of-date opinions. " Warrington was not yet so large," said the worthy. Alderman," that it was too far from any part of the town for a borrower to go to the Library if he wanted a book." A more conserva- tive notion we never heard, not even from the lips of the chairman of the Conservative Association The necessity for encouraging the love of reading among the working classes is apparently beyond the comprehension of Alderman Sutton. Yet it is difficult to believe that he was really speaking his own mind. There is a perverse strain in the Alderman's composition which occasionally shows unexpectedly,and it must,vve think, have been very near the surface when the Branch Libriiry scheme was introduced. Alderman Sutton should really be warned. There is danger abroad, and a few more antiquated observations such as these quoted, will lead to superannuation being talked of. We are sure none of the Aldermen are desirous of being laid on the shelf just yet. A word to the wise is sufficient!

Fair play for the fairs was demanded in the course of a discussion on the Markets Committee's recommendation to abolish the half-yearly horse and cattle fairs, and the pleasure fairs in Warring- ton. There was a very strong opinion expressed that the horse and cattle fairs, which are an ancient institution, should be preserved. It seems characteristic of Warrington to make no use of its natural advantages. Here we are on the borders of Cheshire, and in the centre of the busiest part of Lancashire and our horse and cattle fairs have dwindled so much that they are not deemed—by the Markets Committee—worth the expense and supervision. Councillor Maginn and others were much inclined to blame the committee for the existing state of affairs. Cer- tainly there has been more apathy than enterprise on, the part of the committee and the question is naturally asked: Why should Warring- ton not have horse and cattle fairs like Crewe, Nantwich, and other places less favourably situ- ated? The suggestion has much to recommend it. Perhaps the Agricultural Society will interest itself in the matter,which should not be beyond its sphere. In the meantime the fate of the fairs hangs in the balance, for, owing to a misunder- standing the whole of the minutes of the com- mittee were referred back—a .anigne occurrence in the Council proceedings.

Alderman Bennett's earnest plea for Warring- ton Dock fell upon deaf ears, or at any rate upon stony hearts. for his motion was- not even seconded. Owing to the lateness of the hour and the protracted discussion on Warrington Bridge many members had had more than enuugh Coun- cil meeting, and about half of them quietly retired when Alderman Bennett rose to move."' that any support which the kjorporation may decide to give to the Manchester Ship Canal Bill be conditional upon an extension of thetime for the construction of Warrington Dock." The remaining members listened with amused tolerance, but they were seemingly not at all impressed with the gravity of the issue or the Alderman's demeanour. Mr. Bennett's plaint was directed against the neglect of the; town's natural resources to which we have previously referred. Had his resolution been somewhat less arbitrary it is possible that he would have had a more sympathetic hearing, for their is no questioning the fact that there must be something radically. wrong when hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of commerce pass our very doors without our particip lting in any way. It is really absurd to think that we have the finest artitical inland waterway in the world filling practically no other useful purpose for Warrington than forming the. borough boundary. What would some towns. give for the opportunities which ‘Varrington, possesses but trtaibles not to, exploit ? Alderman Bennett's dream will, we feel sure, some day be fulfilled.ltmay be that private enterprise will have to step in and make the required deck, but a War- rington Dock there will be in course of time. We hope the Alderman will pursue his theme and enueavour to charge his townsmen with a higher voltage of energy than they at present possess. Warrington has been a port before. There is. greater reason than ever why it should be a port again. This much as least, Alderman I3ennett conclusively proved..

Objection was taken some time ago to the practice of allowing officials of the Warrington Corporation to hold two appointwents in different departments of municipal work. Recent action by committees of the Town Council bears evidence of a desire on the part of the members to put an end to dual appointments. The resignation of Mr. fleas from the position of sanitaiy engineer gave the Sanitary Works Committee the first op- portunity. They have immediately reorganised the department, and Mr. J. J. A. Parfitt is now the manager of the cleansing department and Mr. Richard Wilson,the manager the Longford Depot This arrangement seems preferable to that pre- viously adopted and if it makes for greater effi- ciency the committee will have baen justified in the step they have taken. Since the December meeting of the Council we learn that steps have been taken to abolish another dual appoint- ment. The resignation of Mr. '.3.,ritusdale from the dual position of engineer to the electricity depart- ment and manager of the tramways gave the Tramways Committee their opportunity for abo- lishing the old system and, they have taken advantage of it. The new elactrical engineer will have nothing to do with the tramway traffic. and at an early date a manager is.to be appointed to take sole charge of this work.

Aldernm Bennett does not stand alone in his advocacy of the policy of placing memorial tablets on houses which have had famous or distinguished occupants.ln Warrington he has not received that generous support which is necessary to carry out the scheme thoroughly and up to the present only one tablet has bees placed. In London they do things of this sort much better. On the recommendation of the Historical Records Committee :of the London Council it has been decided to place talbats in three houses in the Metropolis. One is on 36, Devon- shire-street,l Portland-place, which was occupied by Sir John Herschel, anothet on I, Devonshire- terrace, Portland-place, whale Charles Dickens lived for many years, and the Void on 12, Clarges,

' ,• 4 _ • -

street, Picadilly, where Edmund Kean, the actor, once resided. The fixing of tablets of a like description in Warrington was included in the programme of events for celebrating the Diamond Jubilee of the late Queen, but somehow or other this scheme was dropped., It now remains for pri- vate individuals to carry out the project which the Corporation failed to accomplish. There are many interesting houses in the town worthy of a memorial tablet, and it is to be .hoped that they will not be allowed to stand much longer without some permanent mark of recognition.

Helplessly drunk at fourteen! It taxes one§ credibility to believe such an occurrence possible in these days of enlightenment. Yet on Christmas Day, of all days,a boy of that tender age was found lying across the footpath of one of the main streets of Warrington in an ,advanced state of intoxica- tion. His story provides food for serious reflec- tion. Having obtained a bottle from home, he and his companions were able to purchase spirits at public homes and indulge in the disgraceful form of festivity which ended in a prosecution. The publicans were not transgressing the strict letter of the law in serving the lads, and the case only serves to illustrate more forcibly the tempta- tions which beset the young life of the nation. Unfortunately this is not the only Christmas incident of the kind which has been brought to light in this part of the country,for at Manchester on Thursday a boy was dealt with for an exactly similar offence. The recent" Children's Act" was a great step in the right direction, but it would appear that even more stringent measures are needed to protect children from the drink evil.

2/6 PER (1304 P EIR AEDL) QUART -SCOTCH ANDIRNI,4rWHISKEY

ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9,4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 118, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, Ain) 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS, viINSI MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

===== 0002601_19040109_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. ,

===== 0002601_19040109_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. "Redeeming the time" will be the subject of the Rev. Ti. Wilkins Rees' sermon at Bewsey-road 'Wesleyan Church to-morrow (Sunday) morning. The animal festival in connection with Bold-street Wesley Guild will he held in Bold-street Wesleyan Chapel to-morrow (Sunday), when the Rev. Arthur T. .Kinnings, of Southport, will preach. A united rally •will be held in the Chapel on Monday evening.. On Thursday, Friday and Saturday next the War- rington Dramatic Society will give performances of Mr. Haddon Chambers' original modern play" The Idler." It is expected that Sir Gilbert and Lady Oreenall will be present on the opening night. The proceeds will be devoted to the funds of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children and the Children's League of Pity and it is hoped that a handsome sum will be handed over to these worthy -organizations. Full particulars appear in our adver- tismo• columns. The annual ball in aid of the Infirmary and Dispen- sary will be held at the Lion Hotel on Thursday, February 11th. Mr. Vetter's band has been engaged. ' In connection with the Grammar School Old Boys Union, the second annual dinner will take place at 'the Lion Hotel, on Thursday evening, January 28th. A dance in aid of the funds of the Warrington Musical Society will take place on Tuesday, February 16th next in the Parr Hall.

'Cheshire M.P. to Retire. Mr. 11. J, Tolleinache, 11. P., for the Eddisbury Division, will retire at the next general election. Poor Children's Annual Treat. The Committee have decided, in consequence of the epidemic of infectious diseases, to postpone this annual event. After consultation with Dr. Gornall, it is probable that the treat will take place towards the •end of the month.

Works Accident. John Wild, 50 years of age' living at ill, Long- ford-street, Was admitted to the Warrington Infirmary at noon on Wednesday suffering from shock and injuries to his ribs, the result of an accident sustained whilst following his employment at the Cheshire Lines Waggon Works, Battersby-lane.

Ragged School Y.P.S.C.E. In connection with the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavour a " social " was held on New Year's Day in the schoolroom, Mr. H. Osborne pre- siding. A capita' programme was gone through, con- sisting of songs, piano and flute solos, and recitations and readings. Refreshments were served at the in- terval and the rest of the evening was spent in games. Ancient Urns Unearthed. The Rural District Council tvorkmen in cutting a new road near Kenyon Hall came upon a large burial mound, or harrow, dating back to 500 B.C. An interesting find was a bronze age urn containing' the burnt bones of a human being.. This has .been sent to the Warrington Museum. - Fragments of another similar urn and a quantity of black ash were dis- covered on this ancient Britons' urn field.

Fire In Marittouse-lane. A tire occurred at the workshop of Mr. G-. Smith, joiner and builder, id, Marshhonse-lane, on Thursday evening. Mr. Hughes, the foreman, left the premises apparently secure at 4.20 and about 5.45 some chil- dren saw the place In flames. A telephonic message was sent to the Fire Station, but the brigade did not turn out, as they were soon afterwards informed that the fire had been extinguished by some men.

The Inquiry. The Commissioners appointed to investigate the trading transactions of the Corporation for the past seven years have recommenced- their work. There have been three sittings of the Council during the past week, and considerable progress has been made. We understand that the figures relating to the direct trading of one firm with the Corporation have been got out.

New Bridge Across the Mersey. Terms were on Thursday agreed upon between the various authorities in the matter of the new bridge .across the river Mersey at Fliiton, connecting Lan- cashire with Cheshire. The bridge is to cost £4,500. The Cheshire County Council will pay one half, the Lancashire County Council. a quarter, the Man- chester Committee, and the Flixton Parochial Com- mittee one eighth. The new bridge is expected to create a building boom in the neighbourhood, and considerably increase in value the hundreds .of acres of land owned by the Manchester Corporation. The building of the bridge is to commence forthwith. iA Warrington Fruiterer's Failure. William Edward 80y1in,59 Hardy-street,Warrington, previously at 76, Scott-street, and prior thereto DA 20 Lovely-lane, and carrying on busines§ as a wholesale and retail fruit, rabbit and poultry salesman at a stall in the Warrington market hall, appeared before Mr. Registrar Ridgway at the Bankruptcy Court, -yesterday for his public examinationi in bankruptcy. The gross liabilities were expected to rank at £251 17s. sd. and the assets were expected to produce £67 7. Bd., leaving a deficiency of £lB4 , 9s. 9d. The debtor assigned as the cause of his bankruptcy "Bad Itrade ; want of capital; heavy business expenses in proportion to my turnover; loss owing to goods going bad in consequence of goods being sent to me without my orders; and household and personal expenditure in excess of profits." In his observa- tions the Official Receiver stated that the bankrupt told him he commenced businesEi about May, 1896, without capital. Not having kept sufficient books of account nor ascertained his finan- cial position, he could not file the prescribed deficiency account, but attributed his deficiency to bad debts £l3 18s. 6d., loss by betting £3O, loss in trade owing to goods perishing and overbuying and household and personal expenditure in excess of profit £l4O us. 3d.—The debtor Was closely ques- tioned by the Assistant Official Receiver (Mr. John- son) and also by two creditors. He denied thathe was at the Hayd.ock Park meeting last year, but ad- mitted that he attended the races at Liverpool.—The examination was adjourned to the next court in order that the debtor might furnish some accounts asked for.—Mr.. Steel who represented the debtor, said the account books of the debtor had been placed in the hands of an accountant but he reported that it was impossible to provide a correct and full account.— The Registrar said the debtor could furnish the Official Receiver with a cash account and show the money lost by betting.—The examination was :adjourned.

Fon CLASS AND CHINA of every description try .7. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, s], 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.--Advt. •

Licensing Sessions. The borough magistrates on Monday signed the precept, fixing the general annual licensing meeting for Friday, February sth. Black Dike Brass Band. To-morrow at 3 p.m. and 8.15 p.m. two grand- sacred concerts will be 'given in the Parr Hall by this famous Band assisted by several distinguished vocalists including Master J. Mather the wonderful boy soprano of Manchester, Mr. J. M. Bate and Mr Peter Bate. Mr. C. Jackson one of the finest cornetists in the country is also announced to perform. Admis- sion will be by programme. Death of Archdeacon Lewis. 1 Many Warrington Church people will regret to hear that Archdeacon Coldwyer Lewis, rector of Davenham, died at Oswestry on Monday morning. ; Deceased only succeeded to the Davenham living in May. For many years he was chaplain and arch- deacon at Bombay, and latterly he was rector at Aid- ford and chaplain to the Duke of Westminster. He was prominently associated with all the diocesan institutions, was a fine preacher, and held in the highest regard. In Lent of 1902 he delivered an ad- dress to men at the Parish Church, Warrington, on " Work and Wages "and he had also spoken at the Parr Hall in support of the S. P. G. _ _ _ _ _ _

The Druids and the Nurses. At a largely attended annual meeting of the Widows and Orphans Fund in connection with the Order of Druids held on Thursday night, presided over by Mr. William Bibby, it was unanimously decided to con tinue the annual subscription of £5 to the Warrington District Nursing Association. Several members expressed their very high appreciation of the noble work the nurses are doing in our town. It was also mentioned by the Chairman that the annual meeting of the Druids Family Funeral Fund to be held on Friday would also consider the claims of the Nursing Association.

Local Successes. At the recent examinations in connection with Trinity College, London, the undermentioned pupils of Mr. William Cook; F.R.C.O. of 45 Waterloo-road, ' successfully passed :—Master Willie Williamson', 10, York-street, Runcorn, examination in musical knowledge, junior division, with honours; Mr. Marcus E. L. Buckley, Wellington-street, Runcorn, examination in organ playing, intermediate division; Mr Sept Yates, Irwell-lane, Runcorn, examina- tion in organ playing, senior division; and the follow- ing in pianoforte playing, junior division; Miss Pattie Widden Southbank, Miss Daisy Ball, Green- way-road, Master Albert Billington, Wellington-street. and Master Leonard Hough, Church-street, Runcorn. These results are highly satisfactory. " Looking Backward and Forward." This was the title of a double paper which was read at the meeting of the Temperance Mission Lodge of Good Templars on Wednesday. The first half of the paper was taken by Bro. *C. J. Sheath who took his hearers in imagination over the year 1903 and re- viewed what hid been done for thetemperance cause (Ist), in-the United Kingdom, (2nd), locally, (3rd), in the Good Templar order, and (4th),in the Temperance Mission Lodge. Bro. Merlin followed with the second half and created hopes—and fears—for the fu- ture. He deplored the increase of drunkenness among women and said it was a bad outlook for the future' generation of England • when the mothers of the country were addicted to drink. The papers were favourably commented on by Bros. Wtherts and O'Brien and Sister Miss Woods of Earlestown.

I Alien Immigration. I At a meeting of the Fairfield Literary and Debating; Society on Monday evening last, Mr. J. Price intro- duced a paper entitled "Alien Immigration." He handled the subject very skilfully and showed in the clearest possible manner that the present large influx of aliens was very detrimental to the country in many ways. He contended that on arrival into our country- the majority of aliens are in a destitute and impover- ished condition • that among them there are many criminals and others being paupers become, a burden on the local rates. Also, he stated, it tended to overcrowd :the already overcrowded poorer parts of our big - cities and to introduce and spread infectims disease. In the latter portion of his paper Mr. Price argued that immigration of aliens into this country should be placed under State control, 'and finally completed a very interesting paper by suggest- ing certain regulations which ought to be put into force. The President of the Society (Rev. A. S. Cameron) complimented Mr. Price on his paper and told him that there could not really be any opposition to it. A few points were raised however, and after an interesting discussion the resolution Mr. Price pro- posed, i.e., "That unlimited alien immigration is detrimental to the country," was put to the meeting and carried unanimously. Free Church Prayer Meetings. United prayer meetings arranged by the Warring- ton and District Free Chuach Council have been held in Wycliffe Memorial Hall every evening during the past week, and have been fairly-well attended. On Monday evening Mr. C. E. Parker delivered an address. He said those who knew anything of the history of the different Free Churches would realize what a dividing influence such things as church ,rovernmen.t and church doctrine had had in the past, and how those.things had kept the different churches from each other. At the same time he thought they would all realize that those things that had divided the churches were taking the right place in their thoughts, and that the great thing that united them as Christian people, their loyalty tO God, was stupendously higher and greater than the things that divided them, although in their place they might have had their importance.—The Rev. John Yonge also spoke. At Tuesday's meeting the Rev. J. S. Hughos presided, and was supported by the Rev. John Yonge. The Rev. J. S. Hughes spoke at length upon the growth of false doctrine, and contended thut doctrinal preaching had been very largely neglected, and that topical teaching was more to the fore.—The Rev. John Yonge presided on Wednesday evening, and the Rev. W. Rees delivered an address, dealing more particularly with missionary work.—On Thurs- day evening the chair was occupied by the Rev. G. H. Carnson, and the Rev. J. L. Milne, M.A„ 4.D., spoke upon Sabbath observance, parental responsibilities, and the training of the young. Last evening the address was delivered by the Rev. G-. H. Carnson. - An Active Warrington Rechabite. The December issue of the "Juvenile Rechabite " contained a photograph of Bro. William Wright, D.S.J.T. and P.D.C.R., an active and useful worker in the Warrington district, together with the following sketch of his career since he became identified with the temperance cause :—" Bro. W. Wright was born in Warrington in 1859, where he still resides. At a very early age he joined the Band of Hope and has been connected with this work ever-since. He joined " Charity " Tent, No. 11, in February, 1881, aad few years later became an active worker. In 1888 he was elected to' his, present post of Tent Secretary. For many years the tent had been lying dormant, the membership had gone down to 23 and was in low water financially. Bro. Wright however, set to work and in a short time there was over 100 members. 1 Steps were taken to extend the Order by the members of " Charity " Tent being transferred to other parts of the town. Several Adult Tents were thus instituted and still " Charity " Tent prospered and has at present over 160 members. In 1901, Bro. Wright was pre- sented by his Tent with a roll-top desk. In 1900 he. was elected D.G., subsequently passed through the Chairs and is still on the District Executive. He represented his district at Edinboro' and Swansea H.M.C.'s. Meanwhile the,juvenile cause had died out in Warrington. A committee was appointed, and in. 1891 the "John Dimond" Juvenile Tent was insti- tuted. Bro. Wright was appointed and remains a superintendent. Several other Juvenile Tents have since been instituted, the present membership being 415. On September 28th, 1891, Bro. Wright with a few other workers formed the Warrington Juvenile District with three Tents and 61 members. In 1893 he became, D.S.J.T. and there are now 15 Tents and over 700 members. Then our brother is President of his own Church Band of Hope and on the Executive of the Band of Hope Union, being in much request as a capable .speaker at the various meetings."

CRAWFORD'S

SCOTCH SHORTBREAD The " Crawford" Quality.

IIIIifILAND. Thick Cakes. LOTHIAN. Thin Sections, sugared on top. AYRSHIRE. Thin oblong Cakes, sugared on top. Sold by Grocers and Bakers everywhere.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 9, 1904

I The New Vicar of Christ Church. The Bishop of Chester instituted the Rev. G. C. Briggs, M.A., to the cure of souls in the parish of Christ Church. Latchford on Monday. Last evening in the presence of a large congregation, the rev. gentleman wv inducted to the living by the Von. Archdeacon ; Barber. The late incumbent, the Rev. F. A. Screeton, was present. The usual form of service was gone through and the Archdeacon deliv- ered an address explaining the ceremonies, He also eulogised the work of the late Vicar who, although he had only been with them a short time had gained a warm place in the affections of the parishioners. He asked them to be loyal to the newly-appointed Vicar. Warrington P.S.A. Society. .

There was a good attendance at the annual meeting of the above society which was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall, Sankey-street, on Sunday afternoon under the presidency of Mr. W. Clegg (retiring president). The annual report was presented by the secretary of the society (Mr. E. Stanley. Taylor) and showed that the society was progressing, the membership having steadily increased throughout the year. There was also an increase in the number of prizes distributed, which, of course, signified a ,corresponding improve- ment in the regularity of attendance. There was every indication that the coming year would be suc- cessful. Mr. Clegg retired from the office of president and Mr. E. Wynne Jones was elected. 'Mr. Clegg- was appointed vice-president; Mr. E. Stanley Taylor, secretary; Mr. Warham, assistant secretary; Mr. Thomas Garnett, treasurer; and Mr. B. Wadsworth, organist. A committee of eighteen members was elected.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

NEW MAGISTRATES,

The Clerk to theur-ban—a;Wn-cii-iaTbeen instructed to again make an application to the Lord Lieutenant of the County urging the necessity for the appointment of ad- ditional magistra,tes for the division. THE CARNEGIE LIBRARY QUESTION. . _

At a meeting of the General PurpOses Committee of the Council it was resolved that the Council be recom- mended to ascertain the views of the inhabitants of the district upon the question of the acceptance, or other- wise, of Mr. Carnegia's offer by the distribution of voting papers to those persons whose names appear in the new Register of Voters, on a day to be hereafter fixed by the chairman of the Council.

SEQUEL TO A ROBBERY BY AN EMPLOYEE. At the Warrington Bankruptcy Court yesterday before Mr. Registrar Ridgway, William Henry Marshall, of 9, School-street, Newton-le-Willows, glass presser' formerly residing and carrying on business as a general _ dealer at Main-street, Goldthorpe, near Doncaster,: appeared for his public examination in bankruptcy. His deficiency only amounted to £35. The cause of failure was attributed to robbery by an employ 6, who was sentenced to six months' imprison- ment, and to. bad debts. ,The examination was closed.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
BANKRUPTCY OF EARLESTOWN BUILDERS.

Before Mr. Registrar Ridgway, at the Warrington Bankruptcy Court yesterday William Stephens and Nicholas Martin Stephens, both residing at and carry- ing on business as builders under the style of W. and N. Stephens, at 24, Sankey-street,Earlestown,appeared for their first public examination in bankruptcy. The gross liabilities were expected to rank at £867 75.9 d. andthe assets were estimated to produce £l5l is., leaving a deficiency of £716 6s. 9d. The causes of failure as alleged by bankrupts were "Losses on contracts and household and personal expenditure in excess of profits." In his observations, the Official Receiver stated that the bankrupts commenced business in July, 1901 with £l5 borrowed capital. The bankrupts stated that they had not kept sufficient books of account and they had not, while in business, ascertained their financial position.—The examination was closed.—Mr. B. A. White, solicitor,appeared for the bankrupts.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
50 YEARS' OF SUNDAY SCHOOL WORK.

New Year's Day marked the end of 50 years' Wesleyan Sunday school work in Earlestown, and the Jubilee was celebrated on Friday by a tea and concert About 300 teachers, scholars and friends assembled in the Lecture Hall, and partook of a sumptuous tea,which was prepared and served by the teachers and ladies of the congregation. Afterwards an adjournment was made to the Town Hall, where a miscellaneous concert was held. In the absence of the Rev. F. R. Smith (pastor), Mr. Burgess (day school headmaster) occupied the chair. He was supported on the platform by the Rev. B. Weaver (Manchester), Messrs. Pearson, Warbur- ton, Clare, Bradley, T. Parr, P. Parr, Atkinson, and R. A. Robinson (secretary.) The latter presented a lengthy and interesting report which was passed. The musical portion of the programme opened with a glee by the Jubilee choir of 70 voices, drawn from the church choir and Sunday school. The sections were very well balanced, and the rendering of "Softly falls the shade of evening" reflected great credit on the choir and its conductor, Mr. T. R. Bradley, Miss B. Smith recited with much effect, while Mr. T. Robinson sang " Come back to me," for which he received due award. The Brunswick Quartette Party have been for some time favourites with Earlestown audiences, and their efforts in "On the banks of .Allan water "were highly appreciated. Miss Lily Barr, a singer of no mean repute, was once more in evidence. She sang "For all eternity" in admirable style. Mr. W. Goslin of Leicester,gave the recitation" The surgeon's child," and Master G. Cawley recited" The policeman's story. Mr. F. P. Clare received loud applause, for his render- ing of" To Mary," whilst Miss Olive Roberts was a distinct success with "Killarney." The Brunswick Quartette Party kept the "house" in a merry spirit with the humorous quartette "The fishing story," for which they received an encore. The miniature dialogue "Hubert and Prinde Arthur" was undertaken by Masters Jos. Atkinson and Jas Alderson. The impersonation of the Prince was capably performed, but unfortunately Master Alderson did not appear to advantage. Mrs. C. F. Hopwood sang" Down the vale" in good fashion, but owing to the lengthy programme was unable to res- pond to an encore. The glee party gave two songs entitled "Now by day's retiring lamp "and. "Night, lovely night," which the audience were not slow to appreciate. A very enjoyable evening was brought to cdnclusion witha laughable dialogue " Who would be a bachelor ?" in which Mrs. Goslin, Miss Berry,Messrs. J. H. Gregory, E. Goslin and D. H. Robinson took part.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

R UNCOItN PFTTV SESSIONS.

At these sessions, on Monday, before Sir Richard Brooke and Mr. W. Timmins, Sarah Ann Lee, Gilbert i street, Runcorn, was summoned for being 13s n arrears on an order of the magistrates for the payment of 6d. weekly towards the maintenance of.her son, who is on the training ship Clio. The case was adjourned for a fortnight to give defendant an opportunity of paying something. Defendant: It's no good promising. You will have to take me, that's all.—John Leech, Grosvenor street, Runcorn, was summoned for having been drunk in Bridge street, early on the morning of Christmas day.—A fine of ss: was imposed.—Joseph Bushell, jun... Nelson street, Runcorn, was summoned i for using obscene language n Nelson street on Sunday night. There was a long list of . previous convictions mil defendant was fined 20s and costs or a month's imprisonment.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
DISORDERLY BOYS AT RUNCORN.

At the Runcorn Sessions, on Monday, before Sir Richard Brooke and Mr. W. Timmins, Arthur Kirkham (17), George Faulkner (14), Lock-street, Arthur Shon (15), Harry Fish (14), Handley-street, and Joseph Faulkner (14), Cooper-street, were summoned for obstructing the footpath in King-street, Runcorn, on the night of December 23rd. They pleaded guilty.-- P.C. Brayford said he saw the boys wrestling and roll- ing about on the footpath. They were having what they called a rough house. It was the tradesmen'e show night, and there were a good many people in thd -street.—Superintendent Ennion said he had receives numerous complaints about this sort of conduct, and he could not overlook it.—There were previous convictions against Kirkham and Shon,' and they were fined 10s. The others were fined in the costs, 4s. 6d. MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMEN. RUNCORN.

Daring the holidays several social gatherings have been held at the Seamen's Institute, Runcorn. They were continued on Friday evening, when the workers and their friends, numbering upwards of 100, spent a very pleasant evening. Songs were contributed by Miss Edwards and Mr. F. Ellison,the accompanist being Mr. S. Ravenscroft. Refreshments were served. Dancing afterwards took place, Messrs. E. Johnson and F. Wakefield officiating as M.C.'s. On Monday evening about GO members of the three Bible classes held their annual tea party and meeting. Mr. W. Shaw (mission- ary) presided, and an address was given by Mr. Shaw .(lay reader). BOGUS COLLECTOR AT RUNCORN.

At the Cheshire Quarter Sessions at Knutsford, on Wednesday, Fred Moss, alias Arthur Brown, 36, fitter, waslindicted for obtaininglodgings and board:from Mary Ann Hunt, Runcorn, by false pretences ; also small sums of money from Jane Mather and Charles Wood. He ob- tained lodgings on the strength of the statement that he had found employment on the canal at 16s per week. Then he went to various houses pretending that the real collector for an assurance company was ill, that he was the superintendent, and that they had better pay him the money. By this means he obtained three sums belenging to two different companies. The Runcorn police stated that prisoner had fraudulently obtained lodgings at Preston and Widnes, but the people would not prosecute.—Prisoner was sent to goal for six months with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

SMALLPDX AT T. HELENS.

After enjoying immunity for a considerable time, St. Helens has unfortunately, discovered another smallpox case. On Wednesday afternoon a young man named Sephton was removed to the Old Wint Hospital from 67, Peter-street. ST. HELENS BUTCHER'S DEATH.

A verdict of "Accidental death" was returned at a coroner's inquest held in Liverpool on Wednesday rela- tive to the death of John Hatton, aged thirty, butcher, Kirkland-street, St. Helens, who died after being in a gig accident on October 29 last, near Eccleston Park. —lt was stated that deceased, who was under the influence of drink, accompanied by his ostler) took out a fresh mare for exercise. On returning home the animal shied and then bolted. The vehicle collided with a landau and was overturned, both occupants being thrown out. On being driven home, Hatton received medical attention, but he remained in a semi-conscious condition, and a month later he was removed to the Northern Hospital, Liverpool, where the operation of trepanning was performed. When recovering, he tore the bandages off his head, with the result that septic meningitis set in and he died on Saturday. ANOTHER GTFT BY Sin DAVID GAMBLE. The Mayor (Alderman J. Massey) presided at the monthly meeting of the St. Helens Town Council on Wednesday.—Councillor Martin, in presenting the minutes of the Libraries' Committee, said that they held a special meeting that morning to consider the question of a site for the library which Mr. Carnegie had offered to build, at a cost of £3,000, on the condition that the land was obtained free of charge to the Corporation. Atthat meeting they had the pleasure of receiving the following letter, which created great enthusiasm among the members:—"January sth. Dear Mr. Lacey.— Referring to my interview with your deputy-chairman and Mr. Lancaster about the land for the new library at Sutton, I am willing to give the price that the Glass Company ask for it—viz., £213 15s. providing the Corporation carry out the arrangements with Mr. Carnegie for the building of the library.—Yours very truly, DAVID GAMBLE " (loud applause.) The Library Committee had passed the resolution tendering their thanks to Sir David for his generous gift. The land was 835 yards in extent.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON ANGLERS' ASSOCIATION.

THIRTEENTH ANNUAL MEETING.

The annual meeting of the Warrington Anglers' Association was held at the Norton Arms "'tote', on Thursday evening. In the absence of the esteemed chairman (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle.) Mr. W. A.Proud pre- sided over a large attendance. In a letter regretting his inability to attend, Mr. Whittle said he thought the members had every reason to feel gratified at the work accomplished duringthe past year. (Hear, hear.) Afr.W.A.Pßoup wished all present the compliments of the season, and said he hoped they would have health and strength in the coming year to bring more pike to Warringron. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19040109_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REPORT.

The SECRETARY (Mr. Knight); in the course of his annual report, stated that at the end of 1903 they had registered on their books 488 subscribing members, fully and partly paid up, including 16 jnveniles. The rapid strides they had made numerically might be gathered from the fact that they had now reached a total membership of 658, including 115 ladies and juveniles. In addition there were 65 who had not_paid, and4o who had partly paid their subscrip- tions. In addition they had issued travelling cards to 140 members of affiliated clubs,making a grand total of 798 an increase of 148.Thisincrease was in a great measure due to the committee having reduced the fee of the workingman angler from 7s. 6d. to 6s„ at which figure that fee would be maintained, The higher scaled mem- bers would pay Bs. Gd. per annum. It was the intention of the committee to secure additional waters both local and foreign. In dealing wite their private waters, the past season had not been the success they anticipated. Their waters had been flooded, together with foreign waters by the disastrous floods which had occurred at different periods. Of the 43 prize fish 24 had been caught in Association waters and 19 in open waters Taken on the whole the Bridgewater Canal had yielded better sport throughout the past season than any other, water within some miles of theborough, In regard to stocking operations, a thousand roach had been placed in lhe old Quay Canal,and these seemed to have adapted themselves to that patticular fishery. The river Bollin secured a consignment of chub during the early part of the year, and through the generosity of their chairman (Mr. Lyon Whittle) a handsome lot of trout had been turned into the upper portion of the Bollin. In respect of catches, quite a number of really good specimen trout varying in weight from 1 to 2pbs. had been taken from the river. They had also a number of young trout in their rearing ponds at Heatley, and these would be transferred to the river as soon as the weather per- mitted. Theyalso intended to stock the Ackers Pits, I whilst the Bridgewater Canal had received a consignment of perch during the latter portion of the year. The Com- mittee had furthermore decided to purchase 2,500 roach up to 9 inches long to be placed in the Old Quay Canal and Ackers Pits. The angling contests during the past season were a distinct advance on former years. lathe medal championship contests the first prize (a gold medal) was won for the second time in succession by Mr. S. Thomas. The second shield competition was brought off in one event, the charige being most accept- able to all concerned, and an entry of 25 teams was obtained. The Victoria Angling Society were the winners. During 1904, the Association contests would be fished in the Bridgewater Canal. The members dur- ing the past season had been very successful in the catching of prize specimen fish, 101 having been weighed in, as against 94 in the previous year. It was hoped that during the coming year members would pay their subscriptions more expeditiously than they had in the past. With their increasing liabilities the association would continue the popular fee of 65., believing that it came within the means of every mem- ber. The committee honed that a substantial appreciation of their efforts would be shown, and that they would be able to produce a still/better *financial statement at the end of 1905. (Applause.) Mr. E. PICKA.VANCE, jun., in moving the adoption of the report said it was one of the best they had had the pleasure of listening to, and the manner in which it had been drawn up did the secretary great credit. (Hear. hear,) Mr. F. J. Emson seconded, and the motion was carried

===== 0002601_19040109_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCIAL.

The financial statement showed a balance in hand of £l. 6s. sid., the receipts for the year having amounted to £2ll us. 111 d. The Benevolent Fund was also stated to be in a satisfactory position. The balance sheet WAS approved the Chairman remark- ing that Mr. Knight deserved the hearty appreciation of the Association for the work he had done as secre- tary. (Hear. hear.) ELECTIONS AND THANKS. ,

On the motion of Mr. EMSON, seconded by Mr. ALF. T AYLOR, Mr. E. M. Croslleld was re-elected President and the Vice-presidents were re- elected, with the addition of 'Mr. P. J. Emson. Messrs. J. Waywell, W. Unsworth, E. Pickavance, jun., W. A. Proud, A. Taylor, and Lodge were re-elected to act as the committee. A special vote of thanks was passed to the committee and officials and it was sug- gested that Mr. Knight should be better remunerated for his services than he was at present. (Applanse.) Mr. KNIGHT, in reply, said his work as secretary was to him a labour or love. It was his desire to do his very best for the Association and to see a perfectly united body.

PRIZE LIST. The prize list was read as follows:

ROACH.

issociation Waters.-1, Edward Hart; 2, William Wood. Foreign Waters.--1 and 2, James' Green. Juveniles.--1, G. Langley; 2, Dan Clare. ARCH. • Association Waters.-1, F. Bonnell. Foreign Waters.-1, J. Waywell; 2, T. Tustain.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
DACE.

Association Waters.—l, Josiah Griffiths; 2, William Wood. FOreign Waters.-1, William Hamblett ; 2, A. Whittaker.

• . BREAM. Association Waters.-1, Andrews; 2, C. Weedon. Foreign Waters.-1, J. Ataock; 2, P. Rooke.

PIKE. Association Waters.—], S. R. Lodge; 2, W. Lowe. Foreign Waters.-1 add 2, W. Bennett.

GUDGEON.

Association Waters.-1, James Appleton ; 2, S. Thomas; 3, J. Waywell. Foreign Waters.-1, J. W. Gandy; 2, Josiah Griffiths. Juvenile.-1, A. Stretford; 2, T. Wright.

TROUT. - Association Waters.-1, T. Nixon; 2, R. Webster. Foreign Waters.-1 anth2, W. Boyle. invenile.—Joseph Oakes.

GRAYLING: Association Waters.--1, F. Bonne 11. Foreign Waters.-1, .1. Waywell.

CEIUI3. Association Waters.-1, J. Pickersgilt. Foreign Waters.-1, T. Tustain; 2, F. Shaw ; .1, Wa ywell.

CARP. Association Waters.-1. J. Nichorson ;2, F. Bonnell

RUDD. Association Waters.-1 and 2, W. Boyle. VOTES OF THANKS.

Mr. PROUD was cordially thanked for his services in the chair, Mr. Pickavance remarking that he hoped Mr. Proud would be long with them to give the members t he benefit of his great experience n fishing matters. (Applause). Mr. J. EMSON seconded, and the motion was agreed to. Mr. PROUD said that anything he could do for the Association he would be only too pleased to do. (Hear, hear). The meeting then ended.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGE OF MR. ALEXANDER COW. Ceremony at Bowdon Downs Church. _

Tlie marriage took place on Saturday at the Bowdon Dovns Congregational Church (kindly lent for the occasion by the Rev. Dr. Mackennal) of Mr. Alexander Clow, 8.A., B.Sc., F.C.S., headmaster of the Second- ary Day schooLand Pupil Teachers' Central Classes, Warrington, to Miss Lillie M. Beaty, of Bowdon. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. A. Goodrich, D.D. (chairman of the Congregational Union). The bride wore a charming _dress of cream cloth,trimmed with applique embroidery and Brussels lace, the gift of her mother. The bridesmaid, Miss K. Beaty, was attired in palest pink silk voile, and hat to match,and wore a pearl crescent brooch, the gift of the bride- groom. The bride's mother was handsomely dressed in black satin with silk Torchon lace. Mr. and Mrs. (low departed for Bournemouth the same day. The following is a list of the presents : Bridegroom to bride, amethyst and diamond pendant, and chain Bride to bridegroom, opal and diamond pin Bride's mother, cheque and settee Staff and pupils of the Warrington Technical Insti- tute, handsome fitted dressing case Mr. and Mrs. W. Beaty, silver lamp Mr. and Mrs. D. Beaty, bicycle and silver vases Mr. and Mrs. Fred Beaty, screen Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Beaty, silver breakfast dish and silver flower vase Mr. and Mrs. Sydney Beaty, china dinner service Miss K. Beaty, lace collar Jessie, Edwin, and Doris Beaty, knife rests Master Robbie Beaty, table centre Mrs. Turnbull, silver syphon holder Mr. and Mrs. G. Turbull, carved oak panel Donald and Leslie Turnbull, carriage clock Dr. and Mrs. Goodrich, toast racks

Mr. and Mrs. Meakin, CloisOnn4 plaques 1 Mr. and Mrs. Slinger, handsome embroidered bed- spread \ Mr. and Mrs. George Gow (New Zealand) combina- tion cheese and biscuit dish Mr. and Mrs. West (New Zealand) silver serviette rings Mr. and Mrs. France, pewter beaker and plaque Mr. and Mrs. Paterson, copper vases Mr. and Mrs. Charles Bailey and Miss Dean, worked table cloth, centre, and mats • Messrs. Awbury Barker and Arnold Firth, jam dishe-; Miss Mitchell, silver and. glass flower vases Mrs. Groome,itable cloths and mats Mr. and Mrs. Harold France, pewter tea caddy Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Herbert, pewter claret jug and biscuit barrel Mrs. and Miss Platt, silver photo frame Maids at Heald Bank, Royal Worcester trinket set Mr. Ostler, pair of silver candlesticks The Misses Barnes, silver vases The Misses Thompson, glass and silver fruit dish Mr. Percy Brook, Crown Derby vase Mr. and Mrs B. Wadsworth, butter dish Miss Jessie Goodrich, beaten copper inkstand Miss Zoe Goodrich, silver pen Miss Collings, carved oak table Miss A. Beaty, silver salt cellars Mrs. McKenzie, Lace handkerchiefs Jane Morris, glass and silver hairpin holder

===== 0002601_19040109_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FISCAL PROBLEM.

How the Iron Trade Benefits by " Dumping."

The following extract, from a report which the United States Consul General at Frankfort has sent to his Government shows how " dumping " may operate to our advantage :—" German papers report that an English firm has been awarded the contract for a large gasometer by the city of Copenhagen, being the lowest bidder-210,930 (53,185 dollars) ; the lowest German bid was £11,250 (54,742 dollars). The curious part is that the English firm intends to use German material, finishing it in England. It will be bought in Germany at export prices, which are about cost, or even less. The papers state that the German manufacturers of gas reservoirs cannot purchase their raw material in Ger- many as cheaply as foreign firms can,, and therefore cannot compete with English manufacturers. They also state that similar conditions exist in other branches of home industries using iron. The producers of iron are called upon to revise their prices in favour of home consumers."

Mr. Hugh Bell, the Middlesbrough ironmaster, writes in the" Times " :—" I say there are no valid grounds for apprehension, and, if there were, the remedy is illusory—in fact worse that the alleged disease. No valid grounds, because a trade of which the raw material (pig iron) amounts to 81 million tons a year and the total ultimate value represents over £150,000,000, need not fear—nay, should welcome cheap imports of 10 per cent. of that value. If the Germans and Americans are hindered from coming here they will not close their works and let their men starve. They will dump their over-production in the markets where we sell £00,000,000 worth of goods a year, and will, to that extent, cripple our export trade and deprive this country of the profit accruing to it by dealing with the £15,000,000 which now comes here. If so, T say the last state is worse than the first.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
The Australian Premier and Preference.

"The Manchester Guardian" of Monday says :—The correspondence between Mr. Chamberlain and the Premier of the Australain Commonwealth which is pub- lished to-day throws an instructive light on the position of the latter. Mr. Deakin makes an offer at last, but it is curiously unlike the" colonial offer "that we heard o f He does not offer a substantial preference; he does not even offer to persuade Australia to grant one; he in- vites Mr. chamberlain to travel to the other end of the earth and do his own persuading for himself; and he offers him—an audience. Empty compliment could scarcely go further. Mr. Chamberlain, one would have thought, hardly needed Mr. Deakin's long cable to be assured that he might address the voters of Melbourne or Sydney without having brickbats thrown at him, or even to know that he would attract great crowds there and be eagerly looked at, as, says Shakespeare, "our rarer monsters are." Nor did he want to be told that he has great powers of persuasion. What he did want to be told was that Mr. Deakin would do the persuading on his behalf, and this, it is now evident, the Australian Premier feels he cannot promise to undertake. Personally he seems, like Mr. Balfour, to find no grave objection to Chamberlainism excepting its unpopularity. He will stand by in an attitude of neutrality or of non-committal benevolence while Mr. Chamberlain does the fighting. And this is the only "colonial offer" he can m9.ke. It will be interesting to see how the Tariff Reform League, which publishes it to the world, will endeavour to disguise its disap- pointment and dress up its unpromising materials into a presentable stage property.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS.

FAR EAST CRISIS. War Pending. THE RUSSIAN REPLY PRESENTED.

Viscount Hayashi informed a press representative yesterday that hehad received a telegram from Tokio announcing that the Russian reply had been delivered, and giving the terms of the Note. His excellency was unable to express any opinion on it one way or the other, as to do so would indicate the nature of the reply which must b 3 kent secret until definite action was taken by his Government. This might be expected very shortly. He added that the period of suspense is over so far as Japan is concerned. It is now Russia's turn to wait. The Minister saidhe did not believe the various reports of the movements of Japanese ships or troops as they were being kept so secret that it was impossible for them to become known. With reference to the position in Corea, a Japanese diplomatist said Corea has been so secluded and oppressed by a despotic Power that not only do the people count for nothilig, but persons in high authority do not know how to govern. In order to keep Corea from anarchy some Power must have control, and Japanese interests being the greatest, Japan had the first claim to that control. There has bead talk of neutralising Corea, but this would imply that the country is strong enough to maintain neutrality. In a country where anarchy is chronic there can be no ques- tion of neutrality, and it is necessary that the Power having the largest industrial and commercial interest should also have a preponderating political influence.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
PROBABLE IMPENDING NAVAL ENGAGEMENT.

Russian Warships Leave Port Arthur.

PORT ARTHUR, THUR.SDA.Y. Several Russian warships left here at midnight to reinforce the Russian cruisers now at sea.

It is stated that the Combined force will then pro- ceed te meet a Japanese squadron of four ironclads which is approaching Corea- Six Japanese ships laden with coal from Japan, des- tined for Port Arthur have cancelled their charter with a Russian firm here. It is understood that the Japanese Governmont require the coal. Lake Baikal is now frozen over. The normal move- ment of troops along the railways in both directions Continues.

The defences of Port Arthur are now complete, and the Russian authorities are confident of their ability to meet any emergency.

ACTION BY THE BRITISH GOVERNMENT.

The Russian Ambassador and the Japanese Minister. paid a visit to the Foreign Office simultaneously yes- terday afternoon, The British Government are making a final and supreme effort in the interest of peace.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AS A PORT.

TOWN COUNCIL AND THE DOGiC PROJECT.

Alderman Bennett's Chilling Reception.

" Warrington as a port" was the theme upon which Alderman Bennett based a rosy word-picture of what the future might have in store for Warring- ton if the town had the advantage of a dock in which some of the big vessels which now traverse the Manchester Ship Canal to the city could be berthed. The speech was delivered at Tuesday evening's meeting of the Town Council, the alderman, in I accordance with notice of motion, proposing "That any support which the Corporation may , decide to give to the Manchester Ship Canal bill! be conditional upon an extension of the time for 11 the construction of the Warrington Dock." The proposal met with a very unsympathetic re- i ception, many of the members apparently wearied by I the long debates on other subjects,leaving the Council I Chamber. Others seemed to be disposed to treat the matter very flippantly and although Alderman Bennett made a strong appeal for its serious consideration, no one even ventured to second, the motion which there- fore fell to the ground. At the outset Alderman BENNETT observed that the matter was one of greater importance than any sub- ject which had been brought before the Corporation for many months. The question involved was whether Warrington was ever to be a port. The Corporation were now engaged in important negotiations with the company and if they did not avail themselves of the present opportunity of obtaining what he was going to argue for it would probably be lost and would never return. Proceeding to recall a few facts, the alder- man pointed out that in the Act of 1885, under which the canal was constructed, there was a clause binding the company to construct a dock at Warrington within three years of the completion of the canal. The dock was not constructed and in 1894 the Corporation had some protracted negotiations with the company in regard to the question of dredging the river and the provision of a Warrington dock. Finally an agreement was arrived at giving the Corporation power to construct the dock themselves during a period of ten years. The land was to be given by the company and a wharf was to be made at the entrance of the dock. The manage- ment of the dock, which was to be constructed by capital raised through the Corporation, was to be vested in a Warrington Dock Committee consisting of eight members—five representatives of the Corporation and three gentlemen appointed by the company. Although he was a members of the committee which had the matter in hand, he was not aware until the present day that the agreement, which was duly signed on behalf of the Corporation and the company, was not formally ratified and brought into the Act passed in 1896. Instead of the agreement which gave them power to construct the dock, a clause was inserted— At this stage a number of members retired and Alder- man Bennett was commenting upon their treatment of his proposal when The MAYOR remarked: lam afraid that it is all a waste of time. The matter was discussed at the cor-- mittee meeting and you were the only one in favour of it. It is interfering with the carrying on of the negotiations.

dounsillor JAMES EvAxs: May I suggest in all fair- ness that,considering thejimportance of the matter, the resolution be placed first on the Council summons and introduced at the next meeting. It is a pity that Alder- man Bennett should waste his time on the resolution when the Councillors seem determined to leave the room.

The MAYOR: You were on the committee and heard all he had to say so you know all about the matter. Alderman BENNETT : If I leave it until the next meeting it will be too late.

The MAYOR: You know very well the Ship Canal Company would not entertain anything in reference to this:matter. They say they could have let the land to the'Westinghouse Company if iylad not been tied up. Alderman BENNETT: 'There is a higher authority than the Ship Canal Company. The question is so vital to the interests of Warrington that I ask permission to proceed. 'I hesitate to make a bore of myself at any time but there are duties which make one indict oneself on fellow-townsmen sometimes, even to their apparent, annoyance and displeasure. I feel I should be altoget- her failing in my duty if I did not make the proposal before it was too late. _

Alderman SUTTON: lam prepared to listen to what Alderman Bennett has to say, but I think it will be a waste of time. All the questions have been gone into before by the whole Council. Alderman BENNETT : No the matter has not been discussed for many years. The MAYOR: He is like a boiler. If he doesn't let off steam he will burst. (Laughter.) Alderman BENNETT: Tam prepared to 'receive chaff even from the chair, in performing what .I believe to be a duty. This matter, which we used to regard as absolutely vital to the welfare of the town, has not been discussed for ten years. Now we are losing absolutely the last chance of having a dock at Warring- ton. We have sat here till ten o'clock discussing some petty-fogging details as to some man's character— The MAYOR: Stick to the motion. Never mind talking about that. Alderman BENNETT : I will take your advice. Con- tinuing, he said the agreement arrived at with the com- pany, giving the Corporation ten years in which to con- struct the dock, was apparently over-ridden by the Act —he did not know how or why—and a clause was intro- duced extending the time during which the company could construct the dock to within ten years of the opening of- the canal. That time expired on January Ist this year, and rt meant that unless they moved at this stage when the company were bringing a Bill before the House, and endeavoured to get the protection of Parliament they missed what- ever chance they had of having a dock at Warrington. He regarded it as a more serious thing even than the widening of Warrington Bridge. Many towns had gone to the expense of making waterways at an enormous cost and building docks. and yet they were not nearly so favourably situated for the purpose as Warrington. Thanks to the Ship Canal, Warrington had not to make its own waterway, and if thel agreement had been adhered to they would have had the land on which to construct the docks for nothing. The hnd in question was on the right hand side of Wilderspool Causeway, and the only expense the Corporation would have had to incur was the cost of constructing the dock. They had been waiting and troubling their heads about things of infinitely less importance, until ten years had gone by. The land now reverted to the company, and, unless they obtained protection of Parliament, the only possible site which would be available and feasible would be taken from them. Producing a plan, Alder- man Bennett contended that the dock was already half-made.

The MAYOR: On paper. (Laughter). Alderman BENNETT: This is the plan about which we were all rending the air with exultation and talking about what an important town Warrington was going to be. It is extraordinary how soon we have forgotten this; turned our backs upon ourselves; and sat down to sacrifice what we once regarded as the very greatest boon that could possibly have happened to Warrington. Continuing, the speaker said the site of the proposed dock absorbed the whole of the river bend practically as far as St. James Church, and excavations had already been carried out. The area of the land was 22 acres and the width 330 feet and therefore, without paying for the 'site and without making a waterway, they could have had one of the finest docks in the country if they had had the energy and enterprise to construct it within ten years. Dealing with the con- tention that it would not be worth while to have docks, Alderman Bennett pointed out that an additional ad- vantage to Warrington was that the rates of toll were only three-fifths of the mounts charged at Manchester. Another important point was that a dock would bring the canal, which was at present seine distance from the town, to their doors. Being in intimatecommunication with three of the principal railways of thecountry,lit seemed jto him that the site was tan ideal one. They could not expect the Canal Company to be very enthusiastic in their desire to help Warrington in making a dock. Warrington had not been enthusiastic: it had been asleep. Warrington had looked at the whole question through the wrong end of the telescope. They had been absolutely blind to the possibility of huge ocean-going steamers stopping at Warrington, the traffic being in- tercepted, and Warrington becoming a port of impor- tation and embarkation on a very extensive scale, Instancing the]difficulties which had to be contended with at other towns, the Alderman pointed out that the dock at Preston had not been a success. There, in addition to the cost of the dock, the town had to bear the ex- pense of widening the Ribble for ten or fifteen miles. Glasgow one hundred years ago was probably no larger than Warrington. Now it was the second city of the empire with anenormous shipping trade. Yet Glasgow had not a Ship Canal made for it. The Clyde had to be deepened from the city to the sea and docks had to be constructed out of the city's own resources. If the Council really thought his proposal was of so little importance as not to be worth half an hour's discussion he, at any rate, would have relieved his conscience and done his duty. He could see the possibility of War- rington becoming a port that was worthy of comparison with some of the largest ports in the country. There was no earthly reason why it should not be. -it was on the threshold of one!of thelrichest industrial districts,had one of the finest of waterways, and a preferential tariff in regard to tolls. All that was wanting to make it one of the principal ports was a: little enterprise,energy and foresight. The Alderman ironically remarked that we hugged our Crosfield's steam boats and Fairclough's flats to our bosoms and thought'what a grand thing we were doing. If Warrington was only to be a port for that "twopenny-halfpenny kind of traffic' it was not worth considering. This generation would be wholly failing in their duty, and would be quite untrue to the principles which ought to animate Ipublic-spirited men if they lost that opportunity of intercepting some of the ships that wont to Manchester It and seeing that they were berthed at Arpley. If he

carried his motion he would suzgest that the Corpora- tion should appear before Parliament and 'ask for a clause extending the time for the construction ,of the dock. He didinot care whether the dock was to be constructed by Manchester or Warrington, but some day they would want it. In ten or twenty years hence they would probably say 'After all; that poor old. dreamer was right.:

'There was no seconder to the motion,and the meeting concluded.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD FOLK'S TREAT. SUCCESSFUL FUNCTIONS AT THE PARR HALL.

The happiness which arises from giving pleasure • to others must have been shared, in the fullest sense of theword, by those who undertook the arrangement of the annual treat to the aged poor which passed off with gratifying success at the Parr Hall on Thursday. The old folk enjoyed•themselves thoroughly and mani- fested the most cordial appreciation of the efforts put. forth by the large band of Willing workers. At noon the old men haddinner, and a splendid repast it was. Roast beef, pork, mutton, vegetables and plum pudding were served in abundance. There was also an allowance of beer, and bread and cheese and the edibles being demolished the guests settled down for a whiff of the fragmant weed. The assembly numbered about 400, being a slight increase upon last year. Many and Varied were the types represeeted.Fine old veteranswho carried their years well and walked with, firm step, men who in the evening of their days were showing signs of feebleness-and infirmity; and others who could nnly just lay claim to being "old folk" found places round the festive board. The age of the oldest guest. was. 87 years. Everything possible -was done to make the old men feel at home, and it was evident from their smiling countenances that the day would stand out as one of the-happiest in, what in-many cases, is an uneventful life. The meal had been prepared by Mr. and Mrs. A. Hare, under the superintendence of Mr. and Mrs. R. Shackleton, who. have- had charge of ' the culinary department for many years. No one need have any doubt as to whether all the guests fared well, when it is stated that the food consumed during the day, including the aged women's tea, included: 5951b5. of beef, mutton, and pork; 20 boiled hams; 301bs. of boiled beef, 500 mince pies and 41 plum puddings. The wants of the-diners were attended to ; with assiduity by a numerous company, those present ' at the midday function including the -Mayor (Alderman , Bolton), Alderman Sutton (president), Alderman 'Smethurst (vice-president), Mr. Peter Chrimes (hon. treasurer), Mr. T. A. Sutton (hon. secretary), Messrs. George Piling, Richard Shackleton, J. J. Nield, Alfred • Jolley,. J. Sampson, G. Legge, Councillors Forshaw and Rogers (members of the committee), several local clergy and.town councillors. Mr. Percy Randall 'played selec- tions on the organ. After dinner several speeches were delivered. Alderman Surrox asked the guests to drink to the health of the King and Queen and other members of the Royal family expressing the hope that our sovereign would continue to reign "happy and' glorious" for many years to come.. •.

Ttie-toast was honoured with great enthusiasm .the old men cheering lustily and singing• a . verse of the. National Anthem.

Alderman. Surros, on behalf of the committee and . subscribers, then wished all present a very happy New Year; and certainly a more prosperous-one than prob- ably most of them had just experienced: He was afraid many of the old men had undergone greater .difficulties and hardships during the past year than they had suffered in many previous years; owing to bad weather, bad trade and the poor harvest. Let them hope that this year they would be more fortunate in the weather and that trade would's°. improve al/ round that workingmen nail particularly old men who might be able to work would find Nil employment throughout the year and thus enable themselves and their families to be happy and comfortable. He wan pleased to tell them that notwithstanding the fact that trade had been so bad and the calls on the public generally for all kinds of charitable- objects had been so numerous, the subscribers to the fund which provided the annual. treat, had again nobly responded to the appears made to them so that he was in hopes that they would again succeed in obtaining sufficient funds to meet all the expenses of that treat. It afforded him pleasure, in one sense, to such a large gathering and to find the old men look- ing so well. 'He asked them to drink to the health of the subscribers and he was sure it was. the hope of al/ the guests that they would live long and never feel any the worse or poorer for contributing to such a worthy object and asSisting the committee to provide that sub- stantial banquet during the festive season. They had been honoured with the presence of the Mayor during the morning but owing to private business he had been unable to stay bmg. He wished him (the speaker) to express his regret and they hop ad to see him later in the day. (Applause.) The toast was heartily drunk. The Rev. W. BRACECA.MP was called upon to speak and wished the guests a very happy and blessed New Year. It was most discouraging to those who had the welfare of the workingmen at heart to know that trade had been so bad lately. They hoped that very shortly trade would improve and that the old men would be in better positions than they had over occupied in the past. But while trade had been bad they were grateful that so many people were interested in their behalf and provided such a splendid dinner. It depended a great deal upoa themselves whether they would have a happy new year. If they did the best they could and remembered that there was One above who loved them he thought. they were likely tolhave a very good new year. If,a fter all,they felt depressed sometimes and things were not so bright with them and they said they would "go tai the bad" they were likely to go down stream.. If they made up their minds to light against difficulties and endeavour to overcome poverty they would be much happier and the year would go on smoothly. He coped the year would be truly happy and that they would be spared to meet again next year. (Applause.) Two humorous songs were given by Mr. T. Whittle and greatly amused the old men who applauded heartily pErER ClinoiEs also evpressedpleasure at meet. ing his old friends again and wished them a happy New- Year. In regard to the finances he hoped they would be able to find sufficient money to pay for the treat without drawing upon the funds in the bank. Alderman &PITON said it was a work of pleasure to the Committee to arrange the treat and they were much indebted to the ladies and other helpers. The proceedings then concluded. There *as another happy gathering in the evening when between five and six hundred aged women were provided with ft substantial tea. The ladies who pre- sided at the tables were :—The Mayoress (Mrs. Bolton) Mesdames Smethurst, Chrinies, Pilling, J. H. Smet- hurst, Neild, Legge, Ferguson, Holford, Randall, Egerton, Bailey, Snoton and Saurbourn, awl the Misses Tort and Richardson, _

After tea Alderman Sutton addressed the assembly. He said that as they had welcomed their husbands in the morning so now they welcomed the aged women and wished them a very happy new year. la hoped their husbands would have plenty of work during the year, for that would make them happier than ever. Theyha,d entertained during the day something like a thousand personstand theycould take it for granted that that was not accomplished without a great amount of labour. For several weeks they had been making preparations and he cordially thanked the ladies and others who had ren- dered very valuable service. lfe expressed regret that the Mayor could not be with them, but they were honoured with the presence of the Mayoress who was much interested in the treat, and was particularly anxious that the old people should enjoy themselves. (Applause). The ladies and all who had assisted were cordially toanked on the proposition of the Rev. W. Bracecamp. A capital entertainment then followed,a large number of the general public witnessing it from the galleries. The whole of the programme was sustained by the Morrion.s (Will, Harry and Fred) who enhanced the high reputation which they have already gained in Warrington. They are accomplished entertainers and kept the audience in a jovial mood throughout the evening. A particularly amusing item was the " marvellous conjuring entertain- ment," the new boy, as usual, giving away all the little secrets which ought only to be known "behind the scenes." Mr. Harry Merri on's ingenious pictorial sketch "Living pictures from the music sellers " was a novel and highly creditable feature, and the concluding trio- in which a very amateur brass lxind was represented, convulsed the audience. Mr. C. Pollitt ably supplied the pianoforte accompaniments and played two solos. Before leaving each guest was the recipient of a mince pie, a packet. of tea, and an orange.

The First Warrington Starr Bowkett Building Society. The annual meeting of this society was held at the office in Cairo street on Monday evening. Mr. Robert Sutton(chairman of directors)presided,and the directors present Were Messrs. JoSeph Owen, J. W. Hayward, A. H. Dunn B. Farrar and J. P. Jones, with Mr. G. Titchett (secretary). The seventeenth annual report of the Board of Management was submitted. It showed that the subscriptions for the year amounted to £lO6 us Od, repayments £268 is 21 fines, fees &c, £5l 18s 101„ bank interest £4 4s 2d,interest on mort- gage .£4lss 5d making a total of ;£435 lOs 71d. The undivided profit in the hands of the Society (not including prospective interest) is £260 3.5. lid. Ques- tions were asked respecting several items by Mr. Charles Bromley and Mr. J. Hawthorn, and satisfac- tory explanations were given by the Chairman and the Secretary. It was explained that the Society had made .some additional profit by the sale of an appro- priation, but only a proportion dould be included in this . year's balance sheet.—The report was unani- mously adopted.--The three directors who retired, namely, Messrs. A. H. Dunn, B. Farrar, and J. P Jones were re-elected. The auditors, Messrs. E. Bradshaw and F. Pearson were also re-elected.—The meeting terininated with an acknowledgment of Mr. Sutton's services in the chair.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
' ~, • , '.-A. 't. '. f ' ''. " . i , i , 4 , . • , , .. , 4 • e'.l 11 £ , f tr ~a. !.1 i - i , s. , -, 1 4 1 1 I i 1 i r 1 II I , t 1 i 1 I , ; i I ' t t 1 1- t . f ' I 1 ; , - 1 1 . - ' 4 .', !, ' It I , t I -.,i • t .... , , 1 ' . 1 i , f• . 1 , ~ , , , N' . , ... it 44 s‘in 7.- li ~, A•;.., 'l-. ' 1-- ci••• P " ..., _ , %. V 1 . , •,:it ff. i i

===== 0002601_19040109_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
./. :(;.: j

===== 0002601_19040109_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EXPLANATORY CATECHISM.

/. What is Gwilynt Evans' Quinine Bitters

An excellent vegetable Remedy, prepared in the most skilful and scientific manner, and containing the active principles of those plants generally acknowledged to be the best remedial agents, and to possess the most heal- ing and curative properties. It is now extensively used in many countries, and everywhere acknowledged as the Best Tonic Remedy known.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
2. What does it contain 7

Quinine and the active principles of the following well-known herbs: Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Lavender, Burdock, and Dandelion, scientifically pre- pared, and in such happyproportions as to form a Tonic Bitters positively unequalled.

3. What is its action,

assists aim promotes Digestion, strengthens t ie Nerves and Muscles, purifies the Blood, enlivens the r,parits, and removes all Obstructions and Impurities in :he Human Body. It gives tone to the whole system. t strengthens and fortifies those parts which have been weakened by Disease, and are consequently more liable to Colds and unhealthful influences. It has gained the Highest Recommendations as the Best Family Medicine and a remedy for every kind of Weakness.

4. What Diseases is it specially rccommentleel for Inflnenza, and the after effec attack of Influenza, Indigestion, Chest Affect Diseases of the Liver in all their various forms, Neuralgia and all Nervous Disorders, Depression of Spirits, General Weakness, Loss of Appetite, Sleeplessness.

Must patients confine themselves within doors when using it

No; the working man need not abstain from his labour; the mother from her household duties, or the child be kept from school while using jt.

6. Is there any difficulty in procuring it

There need be none, as it can be obtained of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or will be forwarded direct by the Proprietors, carriage free, on receipt of stamps. It is sold in bottles 2s. 9d.and 4s. 6d. each. Beware of Imitations. See the name " Gwilym Evans" on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. Sole Proprietors: Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

JUVENILE DEPRAVITY.-A LAD OF FOURTEEN HELPLESSLY _DRUNK AT WARRINGTON. _ _ _

A painful story of juvenile depravity was unfolded to the Mayor and other magistrates at the 'Warrington Police Court on Monday when a boy of fourteen named William Stanfield, of Pinners' Brow, appeared in answer to a summons charging him with having been drunk and incapable in Winwick street on Christmas Day.—When the defendant entered the box there' was some laughter in court.—The Chief Constable: lam surprised to see that grown up people—presumably many of them fathers themselves—consider this a laughing matter.— Sergeant Cheney: His own father is laughing there.— The Chief Constable said the case was a very painful one and if there had been any course of dealing with it other than summoning the boy on what was a most dis- graceful and disgusting charge, he would have taken it. On Christmas night P.C. Cooper (36) was on duty in Winwiek street and saw the defendant lying on the pavement in a helpless state of drunkenness. He was so helpless and utterly inert that the officer had to pick him up and carry him to Sankey- street were a cab was obtained and he was taken to the Police Station. Afterwards he was removed home in the vehicle and the matter was reported to him (Mr. Talbot). Inquiries were made by a detective officer and P.C. Cooper as to how defendant got into such a deplor- able state. In their report they stated that the boy left home about seven o'clock on Christmas night, taking with him a bottle, and went to the Hawthorne Inn, Orford-lane. Here he obtained sixpennyworth of whisky and drank a portion as soon as he got outside. He then went for another boy named William Pendle- ton, 10, Winifred-street, and they, in company with two other boys, went to Town's-end and during that time Stanfield- drank the whisky which remained in the bottle. He went into the Golden Ball Inn twice and obtained threepennyworth of whisky in the bottle each time,the four boys each drinking some. Afterwards Pendleton went into the Golden Ball and obtained three pennyworth of brandy, of which all the boys drank. Stanfield said that was all the drink they had. The case continued Mr. Talbot, showed a deplorable state Of juvenile depravity in young boys on Christmas night, that they should spend their pocket money in purchasing this vile stuff to en- deavour to make themselves men by turning them- selves into beasts. The licensed victuallers concerned were not transgressing the letter of the law, and when interviewed they did not remember having seen the boys. It was quite likely they would not at such a busy time.—Questioned as to how he obtained the money, defendant said it was given to him as Christmas boxes.—A fine of 5s was imposed.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alder- man Smethurst, Councillor Thornton, Messrs. Birch- all and Hayward, A BAD CHARACTER.—James Quigley, Naylor-street, was summoned for making use of threats towards his father, John Quigley, on New Year's Day.—Complain- ant stated that when his son entered the house on the date named he wanted to fight witness and threatened to "knock him out of the house."—The Chief Con- stable said prisoner had been before the Court 22 times, mostly for offences against his parents. He robbed them of clothing and practically lived upon them beating and threatening them when they refused to pander to his idleness and drunkenness. He had been imprisoned for assaulting the police, and at the Quarter Sessions he was sent to gaol for six months for throwing a lighted lamp at his father.—Prisoner was bound over and ordered to pay the costs, or in de- fault go to prison for two months. R.S.P.C.A. PROSECUTION D I SM I SSE D.—Michael Toole, Cloth Hall Yard, was summoned for having 011 December 23rd illtreated a horse by work- ing it whilst in an unlit state. George Buckley. Knutsford-rbad, was charged with causing the animal to be worked.—Mr. Browne defended.—P.S. Smith stated that he was on duty in Wilson-Patten-street and met Toole in charge of a horse attached to a lurry laden with sods. The animal was very lame on the off- fore leg and could scarcely put the foot on the ground. On his instructions the horse was taken to the stables and on examining it witness found a cut an inch and a half long and half an inzli wide on the fetlock. The

wound was festering and a large quantity of blood was oozing from it. The defendant Buckley said the horse had been suffering from lameness and he sent Toole out to try it, with orders that should it show any signs of lameness it should at once be brought in.—lnspector Gibson R.S.P.C.A. give evideace.—Mr. Browne said that one of the horse's feet had been shod too tightly. There was no sign of lameness when the animal left the stable, and it had reached its destination with the lead of sods when the sergeant came upon the scene. No wilful cruelty was committed, and he contended the case ought never to have been brought into Court.—Mr. Hewitt, veterinary surgeon, having given evidence, the magis- trates dismissed the case, at the same time expressing the opinion that the Society was justified in bringing it forward. FIGHTING.—For having committed a breach of the peace, by fighting in Morris's-yard, on December 20th, Edward Roberts and Peter, Murray, both residing at 10, Silver-street, were bound over in the sum of £s'to keep the peace for six months'and ordered to pay the costs (7s. each).

TUESDAY.—Before Alderman Sutton (in the chair), and

Hutchinson.

A CAB DAMAGED.—James Cooke, of no fixed resid- ence, was charged with having been drunk and dis- orderly opposite the Royal Court Theatre on Monday night, and having done damage :to a cab door, the property of Mr. Edward Connor, amounting to 18s.—It appeared from the evidence of,Police-constable Sweeney and George Daniels, cab driver, that the prisoner was outside the theatre drunk. de wanted to get into Daniels' cab, but he was, told that it was engaged. He insisted upon getting into the cab and opened, the door, which swung against an electric tram pole and was smashed off. Cooke was then conveyed to the Police Station in the cab.—The Chief Constable observed that the damage had already been made good by someone, but that did not clear the prisoner from the criminal responsibility.—Fined 10s. and costs.

THURSDAY.—Before Messrs. C. White (in the chair) and

_J. R. Young,

THEFT FROM THE MARKET.—kyra Smith, a respect- ably-dressed woman residing in Winwick-road, was charged with stealing from the Market Place at five o'clock on Wednesday afternoon an article of underwear of the value of is. 6d., the property of James Rothwell draper, School Brow.—The Chief Constable said it seemed as if there was never going to be an end to the thefts from the market and this was another of the long list of cases which had stretched over eight years to his knowledge. Prisoner was seen byMr. Thomas Leigh draper, to take the garment and put it under her cloak, and having walked some distance she placed it in asmall bag. Mr. Rothwell was informed and followed the woman who protested that she had taken nothing. Superintendent Monaghan and P.C. Cooper (20) took her into custody and found thearticle in her possession. —Prisoner said the article had fallen off the stall and sh,. picked it up.—The Chief Constable: The same old tale! I wonder they don't get a bit of something new to introduce in their defence.—Afine of 10s. and costs (21 10s. in all) with the option of 14 days' imprisonment was imposed. PRlDlV.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillors Thornton, Messrs. H. Roberts and Hepherd. PUBLIC-HOUSE SCENE.—Thomas Warburton, Gorsey- lane, was summoned for having been disorderly at the "King and Queen "Hotel,Fadgate,Lane and refusing to quit when requested to do so on December 30th. He was further charged with breaking a pane of glass, doing damage to the extent of £l.—Mr. Browne prosecuted, and said this was an extremely bad case. Defendant, who had been known to Mr. Clare, the licencee, for a number of years, was served with a glass of beer at the house on the date in question. Subsequently he became most quarrelsome and wanted to fight. As he refused to leave the premises he had to be ejected and on the way out he broke a pane of stained 'glass. He then went to the Police Station and stated that he had been robbed of £9 at the hotel and that there was a lot of gambling going on. There was no truth in the statement.—The Chief Constable said the matter was carefully investi- I gated by Sergeant Williamson and an officer who reported ' that it was a bogus case.—Evidence was given by P.S. Williamson and Mr. Frank Berry.—Defendant expressed regret at what had occurred. He did not say that he had been robbed of the money but he had lost it some- where.—The Chief Constable said defendant had been convicted five times previously and had been fined twice for having been drunk on licensed premises.—The magistrates fined defendant in the costs (23) and ex- pressed the unanimous opinio4 that there was no truth in his statement about the alleged robbery. CRUELTY TO HonsEs.—Septtmus Kay, Southport, MS summoned for cruelty to two horses by working them whilst in an unfit state on December 24th and George Henry Turner,his employer,was charged with causingthem to be worked.—lnspector Gibson, R.S.P.C.A. said the animals were attached to a furniture van. The chain horse was very lame op both fore legs, and the shaft horse was in poor condition, very exhausted,and reel- ing. Kay said he had driven the horses from Southport and it had taken seven and a half hours to come the last ten miles—Mr. A. J. Willett, solicitor, gave evid- ence and said both horses were unfit to work and, in his/opinion, gross cruelty was committed—Turner was fined £1 and costs and Kay was ordered to pay the costs.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
WONDERFUL AS A TONIC.

There are many people who, although not ill enough to go to bed, are still far from well. They cannot tell just what is the matter but they are not feeling right. They are run down or tired. Their systems need a tonic. _

To—thousands who suffer in this way the discovery of Miss Lily MacKenzie, of Miter Hall, Newcastle, Staffs, will be very interesting. Miss MacKensie says : "I was thoroughly run down and out of sorts. I used to feel depressed and worried. Everything I did seemed to be a labour to me, and I hardly knew what to do. I was in this condition when a friend recom- mended me to try Dodd's Kidney Pills which, she said, had done her so much good. "I took my friend's advice and, after I had used Dodds Kidney Pills for a, little while, I began to feel my health and strength returning. I kept on with the Pills and was soon restored to health. I believe, if I had not used this remedy, I would have soon fallen into a very serious illness. If I should ever again find myself in that unhappy state I will most certainly take Dodd's Kidney Pills :it once."

===== 0002601_19040109_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
A LEAP FROM RUNCORN BRIDGE. Determined Attempt at Suicide.

About four o'clock on Thursday afternoon, Samuel Cooke, aged forty-seven' of Halebank-terrace, Ditton, and employed as a clerk at Gaskell Deacon's chemical works, Widnes, made a determined attempt,to ccm- mit suicide by jumping from Runcorn Bridge into the Manchester Ship Canal. The under side of the bridge is 75 feetabove high water,and Cooke's leap was fully 85 feet. Cooke was seen by several men on the banks of the canal and on the Transporter Bridge works to mount the rails of Runcorn Bridge, and without hesitation, jump off and drop like a stone into the water.--He sank, but after so long a drop he quickly rose to the surface, and he struggled most vigorously, in the meantime Mr. Szubbs, boatbuilder to Messrs. Abel; Mr. Richard Aspey, the ferryman; and Mr. Charles Wood had put off in a boat, and quickly reached the drowning man, and hauled him on board with a boathook. He was landed at Abel's Yard, and carried into a hut, where Police-constable Preston, Mr. W. Booth, and others applied artificial respiration. Detective Mottershead arrived on the scene with the ambulance car and some blankets. Mr. Cooke wa stripped, and placed in the blankets, and attended to by Dr. M`Lennan, who stated he was suffering from shock, but that there were no bones broken. Afterwards Detective Mottershead and Police-constable Preston removed Mr. Cooke to the Cottage Hospital. There is no doubt of Mr. Cooke's motive in making this desperate leap. Fastened to his coat by a long piece of string was a small, wide-necked bottle, such as is used in chemical laboratories, and in this bottle was the following remarkable letter ;—"I feel no fear. I commit my body to the water and my soul to my Maker, as I offered it to Him last night." It appears that on Thursdayafternoon, at his office in Gaskell Deacon's works, Mr. Cooke made his will, and had it witnessed by two office boys. Heaftervvards left the building, and did not return. In his drawer was found this will and a sheet of note paper on which were the words "Runcorn Bridge." It appears that Mre Cooke has been very depressed lately owing to family troubles, and had recently consulted a doctor.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
St. John's Presbyterian Church.

The members of the Literary and Social Society connected with St. John's held their annual New Year's Social Meeting in the church schoolroom on Tuesday evening. Mr. D. R. Hodge, vice-president, occupied the chair, and there was an exceptionally large attendance of members. The Chairman, in his remairks, welcomed all present and intimated that the meetings already held during the session had been so successful and well attended that it had been decided. commencing with the new year, to meet weekly in- stead of fortnightly as hitherto. The Society was having a useful and successful career and he cordi- ally invited all connected with the congregation to become members. The evening's programme was opened with instrumental selections by the Misses Chesworth, after which songs were sung by Mrs.P.H. Brown, Miss Chesworth, Mr. J. Hunter, whilst an amusing reading was given by Miss Dewar. After tea had been served various games were entered into with zest by all present and a thoroughly enjoyable evening spent.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 9, 1904

cases defective, and it was resolved that he be in- structed to carry out thenecessary repairs. and charge the cost thereof to the Tramways Department, and that he be authorized to appoint a competent man to super- intend the work. , Alderman HEA.TON formally moved the adoption of the minutes. Councillor TINNION seconded.

Comic'llor GOUGH said he had called at the office of the Borough Surveyor and had asked to see a tender relating to the paving of Winifred street which was alluded to in the minutes. He was refused and told that he ought to have made application. He wanted to know how the Chairman and Deputy Chair- man of the Committee could ask them to vote for a resolution which they knew nothing at all about. He further pointed out that whilst a tender from the Crane Quarry Company for'setts had been accepted at 175.13 d. per ton they were also asked to accept a tender from the Warrington Slate Company for 19s. per ton. He had seen the sample setts of both firms and to his mind they were about equal in quality. He wished to move that these items should not be confirmed. The motion was not seconded, and Alderman HEATON having answered a question by Councillor Lord, replied that the firms in question would only tender in each case for a limited supply and, therefore, they had had to accept the tender of the Warrington Slate Company to supply LOOO tons at 195.; the Grane Quarry Company to supply 500 tons at 17s. 3d. ; and Walton Bros. to supply 500 tons at 19s. 6d. per ton. The minutes were then adopted. THE BRANCH LIBRARY SCEIENIE APPROVED ALDERMAN SUTTON'S ANTIQUATED VIEWS, The minutes of the Museum Committee contained the report on the branch library question as pablished by us lastweek.

Alderman BexxErr, in proposing the adoption of the minutes, explained the proposal to establish branch libranies. It was recommended to establish one or two experimental delivery stations in different parts of the town, and one or two shopkeepers in different parts would be provided, and any borrowercould either select from the books on hand or have any book in the cata- logue on short notice by making application. They would try to plant these centres at suitable distances from the central library and in prominent positions. They also proposed to establish issue centres in the elementary schools so tkat teachers would be enabled to encourage the love of reading amongst those scholars who might be inclined to read. The success of this department would largely depend upon the spirit in which it was administered in the schools, and if children could be got to take an interest in good books it would be an incalculable advantage to them in later years. Having dealt with the estimated cost of the new stations, he pointed out that really the idea would be a sort of counter-attraction for the working classes to the public-houses and other things which were not for their welfare. As an experiment it was proposed to start a reading room at the Silver-street sehool and to make it as bright and as attractive as possible. If the experiments were fourid to be a success ' they might be extended and an extension would be the best justification. He only wished ex-Councillor Upson could have been present to see the adoption of this proposal. (Laughter.) No one could tell what good results might ultimately follow his scheme. Councillor Er.usoN seconded. Alderman SUTTON said that however desirable it might be to give the proposed comforts to the working classes it was at the same time very necessary, and at the present time particularly so, to be careful in res- pect to these small sums. It might be all 'very well to confirm the estimate of what it might cost, but it was always found that these things cost a great deal more to carry out than was represented in the estimates. His opinion wasthat the town of Warrington was not yetiso large that they could not afford to wait some time before they carried out these arrangements. He did not think it was too far from any part of the town for a borrower to go to the Museum if hewanted a book. There had been at various times endeavours to carry out what was now suggested,and the result had been that partieshad gone to these rooms simply to en- joy themselves, and would probably, if they wished to light their pipes, tear a leaf out of a book. Such a reading room had been established by the late Rev. M. Schonberg in John street, and he had told him (the speaker) that he was obliged to give it up because peo- ple went to it simply to amusethemselves. He thought that if people could come from any part of Warrington to see some stupid play or entertainment—(laughter)— they could very well manage to get their books in the same way and to wait a little longer before they in- creased the rates in the way proposed. Councillor STorr said he had had some experience lately among the working classes, an tv d he might s,gest Ithat Alderman Sutton in his old ago, though he wished to say it with all due respect, had got a little out of touch with the desires of the working classes. He thought he could speak front experience. He had rtienl tio'ned the matter ef branch libraries very often during the last 12 months, and his experience was that the working classes were desirous of having these facilities granted to them. (Hear, hear.) He had pointed out to them that they. must be prepared to pay more if they desired to have these facilities, but that did not seem to prevent them desiring to have them. If there was one suggestion more than another of the Museum Com- mittee which he thought should be carried out it was the question of school issue centres. One headmaster who had a large school in his charge in the town saw the danger of the boys and girls being led to read trash, and had himself borne the. expense of purchasing 100 standard works in order that the boys might have the facility of borrow- ing books at the school. He pointed out that a new- agent hadtold him the previous week that the sale of certain books intended for boys (which he named) reached ever a million copies a week. Such books as he named he contended were extremely harmful, and it was essential that they should do all they could to create a love for healthy reading. Still he did not think that any one individual, like the schoolmaster, should be asked or expected to do what he considered wasa public duty. In conclusion he said that though they were limited to a 11d, rate he thought a portion of the expense of the schaol issues should come out of the education rate.

Alderman BENNETT, in a brief reply, said with all due I respect to Alderman Sutton he was quite indisposed to say it was wrong to go to see a" stupid play" or 'even a football match—(laughter)—but still they were not the highest things in life, and it was desirable that everyone should have an opportunity to improve his mind and equip himself for the duties in his station in life. They must not forget those who lived in poor streets, arid they must seek their welfare equally with the others of their townsfolk. The whole thing that they proposed was purely experimental, and he asked that they should not discourage them. The Minutes were then adopted. WARRINGTON FAIRS. PROPOSED ABOLITION—STRONG OPPOSITION.

COUNCILLOR AVAGINN AND THE RAG MARKBT.

The Markets Committee met on December 14th, when itwas reported that the total income from all sources for the past four weeks was 4410 15s. 7d.; correspond- iugperiod last year, £123 7s. lid. ; decrease .217 12s, 4d. It was resolved that the Town Clerk be instructed to apply to the Secretary of State for an order abolishing the two half-yerirly horse and cattle fairs and the plea- sure fairs. _

Alderman HUTCHINSON raved the confirmation of the minutes, and said the committee had, through the Town Clerk, applied to the Secretary of State for an order to abolish the pleasure fairs. The Committee could not interfere with what took place on private property, but they could collect the tolls. Councillor ROGERS seconded the motion.

Alderman SMETH URST approved of the alpolition of the pleasure fairs, but he could not understand why they should ask for an order to abolish the horse and cattle fairs.

The MAYOR: We have no place for them. Alderman SM ETHURST pointed out that the fairs had beenheld from time immemorial.

The MAlroa: Would you spend .£BOO on paving the land for a cattle market?

Alderman SMETHURST : Spend what youcan if you can get a return for it. Alderman BENNETT said the fairs had been in exist- ence for 500 or 600 years, and he contended that unless some very emphatic reason was given they ought not to be done away with. There was a great deal of plea- sure to be derived from the pleasure fairs. There was no special reason why smallpox should be brought into town by "hobby-horses" and swing-boats. (Hear, hear.) The MAYOR: But the fairs have brought smallpox into the town.

Alderman BENNETT : They may have done so once. If there was no pressing reason for the abolition of the fairs they ought not to be in a hurry, and he admitted that there was a great deal about the pleasure fair that was attractive. The horse and cattle fairs ought not to be abolished without some very satisfactory reason being given. Alderman SurroN pointed out that the Council had on more than one oc3aston resolved that the fairs should be stopped, as they were not at all in the interests of the town. (Hear, hear.) The horse and cattle fairs had diminished to Such an extent that it was not advisable to incur expenditure in providing places for them.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEW.

Personal. • A recent issue of the daily paper "The Age," pub- lished in Melbourne, contains the announcement that Miss Mary E. Edelsten, daughter Of Mr. David Edelsten (who left Warrington some 30 years ago),, had passed her third year examination for medicine. LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS and SHOES, 'UNDER the CLOCK. BRID GE-STREET.—Ad7t. Dcath of Mrs. Gould, of Lymm. The newswas received with regret in Lymm on Satur- day of the death of Mrs. Gould, who passed away at her residence, Higher Lane. Coining from Bollington many years ago, Mrs. Gould has been well-known and highly respected among a large circle of the farming community. She leaves three sons—Messrs. S. W. Gould, James Gould, and William Gould—and one daughter. PUBLIC BENEFIT. UNDER the CLOCK for BES BOOTS in LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Travellers' Rest Angling Society. The annual dinner in connection with the above society was held at the Travellers' Rest, Fennel-street, on Monday evening, when a fair number of members partook of a capital repast provided by Mrs. J. Wrench,' the hostess. Afterwards songs, &c., were contributed by several members. The chief prize winners were : —Messrs. W. Whitfield, T. Worral, W. Parnell and J. Kearns. BEST BOOTS FOR ALL.—UNDER thOCLOCK.—AdVt. Drowned in a Fountain. On Tuesday afternoon the three-year-old son of Mr. Howard, head gardener at Belmont-hall, Great Budworth, met with his death under very distressing circumstances. He was found by his mother face downwards in the basin of the fountain in the grounds. His mother immediately picked him up,and Dr. Loveras was quickly in attendance, but all efforts to restore animation were fruitless. It is supposed that in trying to catch a goldfish he overbalanced himself and fell in. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERA. WATERS.—Advt. Buckley-street P.S.A. Society. In connection 'with this Society a musical service was given by the Golborne-street Baptist Choir on Sunday afternoon and was largely attended. The chair was occupied by Councillor Barton, mho exhor- ted the young men and women to commence a new life with the new year. The lesson was read by Mr. W. Shaw. Mr. Thomas Brough conducted the choir, who rendered the following pieces in an admirable ' manner :--" And the glory," "Behold the Lamb," "Lift up your heads," Hallelujah," and "Worthy is the Lamb." Miss Millar took the solos "He shall feed His flock," and "How Beautiful." c Come unto Him" was excellently sung by Miss A. Woodland, and "He was despised" by Mrs. W. Taylor, whilst Miss Sumner was heard to advantage in "'know that my Redeemer liveth." Mr. A. E. 'Prow was the accompanist. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-6.3, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Frauds on Tradesmen. At the Chester Quarter Sessions on Tuesday Robert Henry Hedley Higginbottom (31), stableman, was charged with obtaining by false pretences, on August 25, a bicycle from Robert Gravenor, of Coventry; a pair of boots, on September 26, from Walter James Hedley, Eastgate-row, Chester • and two Astrachan fur boas, on October 28, from Samuel Hamley, Bridge-street Row. Prisoner pleaded guilty. There were four cases against prisoner at Warrington. Goods had been obtained by prisoner from the North of Scotland, Liverpool, London, Leamington, Bristol, Edinburgh, Glasgow, &c.—Prisoner, addressing the court, said before the Boer war he was in a good position at Cheltenham and Sheffield, but unfortun- ately he married a bad woman, who had brought him to ruin.—Prisoner was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment on the first charge, and one day on each of the other charges. UNDER the CLOCK or GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. Poaching at Sankey. At the Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wednes- day, before Colonel Ridgway and Mr. F. A. Frost, Henry Johnson, Sankey-bridges, was summoned for trespassing in search of rabbits on land in the occupa- tion of Henry Fairclough, at Great Sankey, on December 13th. He pleaded guilty.—Mr. E. A. White prosecuted, and said that on the date named, at 8.30 in the morning two Bewsey keepers were on duty when they saw the defendant and two other men ferreting for rabbits. Johnson and one man were in a field occupied by Mr. Fairdough, and they were seen to place a net over a rabbit hole. Defendant walked towards the keepers, and when they got up he ran away. The keepers shouted that he need not run away as they knew him. The keepers then chased the other men, but they got away. Fourteen nets and a live ferret were found by the keepers at the place where the men had been.—A fine of 10s. and -costs was imposed, and the advocate's fee was also allowed. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt. Sunday School Treats. There was a pleasant 'gathering in Bold-street ' Wesleyan Sunday School on Monday evening, when the annual children's tea party was held. About 200 sat down to an excellent repast, after which a short entertainment of songs, solos and recitations was given. ,Ninety-two prizes, gained for regular attend- ance, were presented to the winners by Mrs. Canason. This year there were 20 more prizes than on any previous year, which speaks well for the good govern- ment and general tone of the school. Games were indulged in for the remainder of the evening, and at the dose oranges were distributed.—On Monday evening the elder scholars at Holy Trinity Sunday School held their annual tea party. The schoolroom had been very prettily decorated and the evening passed off most successfully. There was a good attendance of scholars and friends. After an excellent tea had been partaken of, an adjournment was made to a classroom while the room was cleared for dancing, which was kept up with zest until a late hour. FIRE GRATES Of every description.—J. S. GAR- LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street,Warringion.—Advt. Local Spiritualism. Services in connection with the Spiritualist Society were held in the new hall (late Druids' Hall, Sankey- street), on Sunday. In the afternoon the President (Ur. W. E. Stout) gave a brief address appropriate to the season, and in, the evening Mr. J. Pemberton spoke on the philosophy of mediumship. Mrs. Pier- point followed with clairvoyance. On Monday even- ing the hall was crowded when Professor Timson, of Leicester and Southport, delivered an address on "Man a wonderful ghost," and concludedN with a number of phrenological and psychic delineations. The annual meeting of ithe society has just been held,when the accounts were adopted, and the officers for the current year appointed as follows :—President, Mr. W. E. Stout ; vice-presidents, Messrs. J. Pemberton Moony and J. Collins • secretary, Mr. W. Massey; treasurer, Mr. T. HarclMan ; corresponding secretary, Mr. C. Maussuer ; organist, Mr. James Booth: com- mittee, Mesdames Gallop, Hardman, Lawton, and Manssuer, and Mr. Glendale, together with the cfficers of the Lyceum. BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 50, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Local Oddfellowship. The annual meeting of the Warrington District of the National Independent Order of Oddfellows was held at the Blue Lion Hotel on Saturday evening.— The lodges were represented as follows : Garibaldi, P.P.G.M. Edwin E. Pester, P.G. John Hughes, P.G Joseph lAT, Perry, Bro. John W. Meadhin, N.G. Perseverance, P.G. Gervase Wilkinson; Prosperity, P.P.G.M. John Brown and P.G. George Canliffe ; Friendship, P.P.G.M. Thomas Knight, P.P.G.M. James ' Bramhall, and Bro. Joseph Pennington, N.G. The balance sheet was presented by the District Secretary (Bro. Thomas Dickinson) and was adopted. It showed the death-rate had been rather heavy, as the sum of £9O had been paid on behalf of five members, three wives, and one widow, leaving the balance of the funeral fund £431 14s. 4W. -The management fund stood at .t. 2 Bs. 3d., or a total worth of £434 2s. 7-?,d. —The question of being represented at the A.M.C., to be held at Harrogate, caused a long discussion and eventually it was decided to be represented. Bro. Bramhall was nominated as Deputy. _The D.Sec. was also nominated to be on the Executive of the Order.-- The election of officers for 1904 then took place: Bro. George Hands was declared Grand Master, Bro. William Pennington, P.G., Deputy Grand Master; Bro. Thomas Dickinson, D.S. ; and Bro. 'fames Smith District Treasurer.—Before the conclusion of the meeting, the retiring Grand Master (Bro. Walter Duncan) was presented on behalf of the District, with a P.P.G.M.'s jewel.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

A THREE HOURS' SITTING.

Important Business.

The Town Council met on Tuesday evening and sat until nine o'clock. Several important matters were brought forward, and schemes which received approval were the proposal of 'the Museum Committee to estab- lish delivery stations and the scheme introduced by Alderman Smethurst for the widening of Warrington Bridge by cantilevers. The Mayor (Alderman Bolton) presided, and there were also present :—Aldermen Fair- dough (deputy mayor), Bennett, Smethurst, Sutton, Pierpoint, Hutchinson, Councillors James Evans, John Evans, S. Davies, T. H. Ashcroft, Stott, Gough,Brough, Ellison, Lord, Pemberton, P. Peacocke, H. Thornton, Forshaw, John :Roberts, Wilson, Rogers, Wilkinson, Tinnion, Burton Maginn, with Messrs. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), S;Wilson (deputy town clerk), J. Fair- hurst (borough treasurer), T. Longdin (borough sur- veyor), W. S. Haddock (gas engineer), J. Moore Murray (director of education), Dr. J. Gllest Gornall (medical officer lof health), Charles . Madeley (librarian), F. V. L. Mathias (assistant manager of tramways and chief assistant electrical engineer), A. M. Ker (deputy surveyor). THE LATE COUNCILLOR BROPHY.

A letter was read from Miss Brophy thanking the Council for their vote of condolent:e on the death of her father, Councillor John Brophy. hi BEWSEY WARD ELECTION. v The return of the election of Mr. Peter Peacock as a councillor for Bewsey Ward was read by the MAYOR. The minutes of a; numb& of committees, which we published last week, were confirmed without discus- sion.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SMALL-PDX OUTBREAK.

Ata meeting of the Health Committee on December and, the Medical Officer reported a serious outbreak of smallpox in the north part of the town,while at a meet- ing" on 'December 16th tie dealt with the steps which had been taken by him to deal with the disease. It was resolved that the Markets Committee be requested to consider the advisability of abolishing the pleasure fairs.

Alderman Surrox said that with reference to the small-pox ontbreak there had been taken into the hos- pital, since the first case occurred, about 70 cases. However, owing to the prompt and energetic steps taken by the Medical Officer of Health, and the inspec- tors and assistants generally, encouraged and supported, he might say, by every member of the Health Com- mittee, the number of cases in the hospital at the pre- Lent time hadlbeen reduced to about 20, and that number included the three near cases brought in within the past week. Therefore, with the continued careful,andactive exertions on the part of the Medical Officer and his staff, the borough would be free from the epidemic in some two or three weeks. He thought he ought not to omit to mention that in successfully preventing the spread of the disease beyond the limits it had reached, they were inagreat measure indebted to the willingness of the employers of labour, in acceding to the request not to allow a workman to come to work who had been residing in a house from which a case of small-pox had been removed without a certificate stating that all danger was passed. There was no doubt that in so complying with the request the employers had very In Lterially aided and assisted the officials in preventing the spread of the disease. He hoped he might have the pleasure that time next month, of announcing the fact that the disease had been entirely done away with, and that they would hear no more about it. (Hear, hear.) He would like also to call attention to the resolution requesting the Markets Committee to consider the advisability of abolishing the pleasure fairs. He did not understand how it was that the fairs had been continued after the decisions which had been more than once given by that Council. He had at various times in the Council con-

tended that they ought to be abolished, and his own opinion was that the fairs held in the district of Town's-end were responsible for the epidemic of smallpox. He did not think the Markets Committee or any other committee should endeavour totincrease their incortte to the detriment of the health of the town and to the detriment of the shopkeepers or ratepayers. He hoped the Markets Committee, when the question of abolishing the fairs came before them, would decide that they should be abolished. Councillor JAMES EVANS seconded. Alderman BENNETT said he wished to associate him- self cordially with everything that the Chairman had said, and he believed that Dr. Gornall and Ms staff had exerted every effort to check the spread of the disease. The case was serious enough as it was, and 70 cases since the outbreak was no little matter, and they might flatter themselves that it was the energy that had been shown by Dr. Gornall and those who assisted him that the outbreak had been kept within the proportion it had. One of the few unwise things done I amongst the many 'wise things which the Medical Officer had permitted was to allow the re-vaccinations to take place in the public schools, and if there was any danger of the disease being carried from place to place it was unwise to allow these people to congregate in the schools since it was possible that they might leave behind them the germs of disease. In spite of all that had been done, the state of the health of the town was even yet not satisfactory, and during the past month their death-rate had been amongst the highest in England. Some people said that diseases werel sent by God, but he thought they were the fault of their own dirty habits, and they should do every- thing that human energy could do to secure immunity. The town as a whole should take the lessen to heart, and put itself into harmony with the latest sanitary laws and try by that means to reduce this lamentable death-rate.

NEW PLANT AND NEW MANAGENENT AT LONGFORD. .

At a meeting of the Sanitary Works Committee held on December 2nd, the Assistant Manager submitted a plan of 'a proposed cast iron storags tank of 3,000 gallons capacity, and it was resolved, that the plan be referred to the Chairman and Assistant Manager for consideration and report. Mr. P. G. Ruddock attended the committee and explained in detail the analysis of the manure made by him in its different stages of manufacture in accordance with the instructions of the committee, when it was resolved, that the tender of Messrs. Thomas Beeley. and Sons to supply a calandria for No 3 evaporator at Longford Depot, and that of Messrs. Manlove, Elliott and Co. to supply a vacuum pump at £3lO be accepted; also that the assistant engineer be authorized to place the orders for the above calafidria and pump at once and request de- livery at the earliest possible date.—At a meeting on December 16th the following resolutions were passed: —That the tendef of Mr. T. W. Ward, of Sheffield, to supply a second-hand boiler at £382 10s., delivered at the Longford Depot, be accepted,and that a cast iron water tank of 5,000 gallons 'capacity be advertised for. It was also decided that Mr.J..T. A. Parfitt be appointed the manager of the Cleansing Department, at a salary of £lsolper annum rising:by £lO per annum to a maximum of £2OO, and thatiMr. Richard Wilson be appointed the , manager of the Longford Depot, at a salary of £l5O per annum, with annual increases of £lO to a maximum of £2oo.—The Town Clerk submitted the draft agreement with Messs. Martin land Company, with respect to Professorr Dunbar's plant to be erected at Longford, and reported that the patentees were prepared to allow the Corporation,to use the patents, appliances andiplant for any quantity of sewage exceeding 500,000 gallons per day for which no charge is to be made, at a fixed annual payment of £350, when it was resolved that the agreement be approved, as well as the annual payment. Councillor JOHN EVANS moved the adoption of the above minutes and explained the need for various new appliances. With regard to the appointments, he pointed out that Mr. Deis having tendered his resigna- tion a short time ago, and that resignation having taken effect on December 24th, the committee decided not to refill his place, but to divide the department and to put the two men who had been work- ing under him in the different departments. The outside portion was now in the hands of Mr. Parfitt, who had previouslyreceived a salary of £135 per annum whilst the Longfordi Depot would be managed by Mr. Wilson, who had previously received a salary of about £l3O per annum. Alluding to Professor Dunbar's ex- periments at Longford, he pointed out that the agree- ment was to enable the Council to secure the benefits offered should the experiments prove a success. Alderman SMETHURST seconded. He said they were anxious to dispense with all smells arising at Longford and, perhaps, they Would thus avoid lawsuits in which they would perhaps spend more money. Councillor PEMBERTON raised an objection to the latter portion of the minutes with reference to the ,experiments at Longford. He did not think that they should be asked to pay anything since no experiments had yet been made; and he and others had voted for them on tin understanding that it would cost the Council noth mg. The MAYOR explained that the agreement was to secure to the Council the option of having sewage up to 500,000 gallons dealt with free should the experiments prove a success. Without such agreement they might be called upon to pay from the first gallon. Councillor GOUGH asked what portion of the town's sewage it, was proposed to send to Longford? The MAYOR: We have no sewers at Longford, T think. These are only experiments to treat sewage; Councillor Gouoir: I underatand that if this were carried out we shonld have to alter the main sewer.

The MAYOR: Oh no. We should probably make a sewage farm somewhere and use this treatment. Councillor JOHN EVANS replied briefly, and the minutes were adopted.

COUNCILLOR GOUGH AND SETT CONTRACTS. At a meeting of the Paving and Sewerage Committee on December 14th, the Borough Surveyor reported that the pavement adjoining the tram lines was in some

===== 0002601_19040109_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
The Original Cocoa, and a Speciality,

EPPS'S

being distinguished from all others hN its invigorating nutritious qualities and its delicious flavour. This Cocoa, con- taining as it does all the substance of tile Cocoa Nib, maintains its leading position after three-qua.rtors of a Century as

===== 0002601_19040109_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
co 0A the best form of Cocoa for every-day use.

I SPECIAL TICKETS, EXBRACING LOCAL TOURS IN CORNWALL, ARE LS)UED AT THE PRINCIPAL STATIONS. BOOKLET GIVING ALL PARTICULARS NOW READY.

The MAYoFt: The present law requires that all places where horses and cattle are sold shall be flagged and paved.

Alderman HEA.TON alluded to the visiting of the market by "dirty, filthy Jews, with their dirty, filthy clothes," and said they would have to stop the market also if they wished to prevent the risk of spreading disease. There was not a more central place in Lancashire and Cheshire for a horseand cattle fair than Warrington, and he could only say that if the Markets Committee had any energy about them they would have provided suitable places for the fairs long before this. At Crewe, a most out-of-the way place, there were three plans where cattle were sold. We had good horses but they had to be taken to Chester, Crewe, Shrewsbury, or Nantwich for sale.

Councillor ROGERS explained that it was not the intention to abolish the weekly cattle sales. There was no doubt that smallpox had been introduced by some of the small shows. It was not intanded to abolish the shewi altogether. If a respectable circus or a wild- beast show visited Warrington the committee would provide a site. Councillor JAMES EVANS Could not see the force, the wisdom, or the usefulness of the resolution with refer- ence to the abolition of the fairs. The resolution was the outcome of the indifference of the Markets Com- mittee in the past. No provision had been made for the fairs. Orford-lane was a most unsuitable place, and he suggested that instead of the Council accepting the two resolutions about the fairs, that the matter should be referred back to the committee, who should be asked to make the necessary provision. The committee had to face the fact that it was their duty to provide a suitable site. In the markets bundle after bundle of second hand clothes were sold, and who knew where they came from,and who cared? As a mattet of fact disease might be transmitted from town to town in the way he had named. What they should do was to establish a place and make it a profit to the ratepayers. Councillor MaarsN failed to see why they should do away with the horse and cattle fairs. All over the country where horse and cattle fairs were encouraged they had been a source of revenue. (Hear, hear.) And he knew of several places in his own country which made their living out of them. In Warrington they had no money to throw away. He once made an attempt to bring a horse and cattle fair to Warrington, but the members knew how the Markets Committee treated,him. They needed, he contended, a horse and cattle fair more than any other town he knew of in the country. It was the best centre in all Lancashire and Cheshire. It was said they had in Warrington the finest rag market on earth—(laughter)—and they seemed to have a free place for all the rogues, vagabonds, bank- rupts and thieves in England to sell in to the disadvant- age of the shopkeepers who had to keep the town going. (Laughter). Councillor JAMES EVANS : Well done, John! (More laughter.) Councillor MA.GINN, continuing, said if the Corpora- tion would curtail that famous rag market, and make provision for the horse and cattle fairs it would be of greater benefit to the town as well as a greater assist- ance to the ratepayers. (Hear, hear.) Alderman HUTCFIENSON, in reply, said he had been as anxious as anyone that the fairs should be continued, and he was very sorry indeed when he was over-ruled in committee, and it was decided to remove the horse and cattle fairs from Winwick-street. Those fairs were at one time held half-yearly and brought in a consider- able amount of money, and they were ef very little inconvenience to the borough or to the traffic of the borough. However, it was the wish of the committee that the fairs should be removed from the street and a plot of land in Orford lane was selected,but year after year the fairs had dwindled down and the receipts only amounted to £4 half-yearly. A portion of that money had to be paid to the Open Spaces Com- mittee and there was, as a result little benefit derived from the fairs. Nearly everyone who went to Orford- lane said it was not a proper place in which to sell horses and cattle. The committee could not at the present time see their way to spend £3,000 or £4,000 for the purpose of providing a sale yard. The Corporation certainly had an old charter and they could collect tolls from anywhere. The sales at the Norton Arms Hotel and the Seven Stars yard had taken a great deal of interest out of the old cattle and horse fairs. In a short time he hoped the Council would allow his committee £3,000 or £4,000 for the provision of a proper place for the sales, such as they had at Crewe and Wrexham. Alderman PIERPOTNT rose to speak, but was ruled out of order.

The MAYOR. The Chairman has replied. Councillor MAGINN : I know hundreds of towns- (Cries of" Chair," "chair," "chair.") The MA.YOR then put the motion for the confirmation of the minutes to the meeting, but owing to a misunder- standing it was lost. His Worship explained that none of the minutes had been carried. (Laughter.) Alderman PIERPOINT : I never saw this before in all my experience. (Hear, hear.) Alderman SUTTON: We shall have to do something. I propose that the minutes be passed with the excep- tion of those relating to the application to abolish the fairs. I think it is a mistake as far as the fairs are concerned not to have passed the minutes. The MAYOR: You cannot do so now. The minutes are referred back, and they must come en at the next meeting, the whole of them. THE RIVER QUESTION.

The MAYOR proposed the in of the minutes of the Rivers Committee, and m regard to the Ship Canal Company's Bill said they had deemed it wise to take the traders and man i ufacturers nto their confidence and another conference would be held. AidernlVl SUTTON seconded and the minutes were confirmed. THE ,PROPOSED WONIEN'S BUREAU.

The General Purposes Committee reported that the Committee appointed to consider and report on the question of a Women's Bureau submitted the following resolution, which was approved ;-'That in the opinion of this Committee it is desirable that a Women's Employment Bureau should be established in the Borough, and that the Corporation be asked to provide a room to be used as an office." The discussions in regard to Warrington Bridge widening, and Alderman Bennett's motion re Warring- ton Dock will be found elsewhere.

Lunacy. Alderman Dr. John Milson Rhodes, in a statistical communication to the "Poor Law Officers' Journal" of this week, mentions the certified insane in Lanca- shire as increasing from 9,697 in 1893 io 12,311 in 1903. The increase is much greater in workhouses than asylums ; at the same time, there is great varia- t ion in the number of certified lunatics from different parts of the county. Careful examination shovis that the system of dealing with lunatics is not uniform throughout the counties of Lancashire and Cheshire. Speaking ef the percentages for Blackburn, Bolton, and. Bury, the writer points out the unfairness of Black- burn receiving only £5OO odd per annum from the County Council per 100 lunatics, while Bolton receives -S.:000. Dr. Rhodes says he is not alone in holding that the causes 9f the increase in the number of certi- fied insane must be sought for elsewhere than in the ' actual increase of the number of insane. In this con- nection he cites the following reasons given by the Scottish Lunacy Commissioners and practically adopted by the English, for believing the same thing :—(1) the erection of new asylums for pauper lunatics ; (2) the readier means of access to asylums due to increased facilities for travelling; (3) the gradual dying out among the public of feeling of dislike and suspicion towards asylums; (4) the ,greater readiness of the poorer classes to send then- relatives to asylums as pauper lunatics ; (5), the growing unwillingness of the poorer classes to submit to all that is involved in keeping an insane relative at home ; (6) the greater willingness of the authorities to recognise claims to relief on the ground of insanity; (7) the grant in aid • and (8) the widening of medical and Vublic opinion as te the degrees of mental unsoundness which may be certified to be lunacy.

FATAL FALL DOWNSTAIRS AT HALTON. An inquest was held at the Village Hall, Halton, on Monday, on the body of Ellen Pollard, wife of Richard Pollard, of 59, Main-street, Halton. Deceased, who was aged 77, fell from the top of the stairs at her residence on thenight of December 14th, and died on January 3rd from a broken thigh. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death,"and recommended that there might be some guard rail placed at the top of the stairs.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

OLD FOLK'S TREA.T.— The annual treat to the old people of Penketh and district was held in the Wesleyanschool last night(Priday), and a full report of the proceedings will be found in these columns next Saturday.

CINDERALLA.—The second cinderella of the season was held in Sankey schools or* Thursday evening, and proved a universal success. Nearly 100 people assem- bled and dancing was indulged in to music supplied by Mr. A. Starkey, whose programme was very attractive. Messrs A. Hodgkins= and E. H. Coates acted as M.C's. The rooms had, as usual, 'leen charmingly decorated by the ladies of the committee. During the dance, pro- gressive whist was played by the older ladies and gentlemen. Miss Ashurst again catered, and gave the utmost satisfaotion.

ALARM op FlRE.—Consideralke excitement was caused in the village at midnight last Saturday, by the buzzer at the Penketh Tannery sounding the fire alarm. In a very short time the village was alive with people hurrying to find out the whereabouts of the conflagra- tion, as no signs of it could beseenaround. On arrival at the tannery it was found that by some means or other some cotton waste in the store room had become ignited, but this was quickly extinguished by the aid of buckets of water, the engine not being needed. The danger was over before the crowd arrived, and on learning this, the anxiety was quickly dispelled, and much good humoured badinage freely indulged in, one humorist wishing the crowd "A very happy New Year."

CONNTERSAZIONE.—The 21st annual Conversazione in connection with the Penketh Mutual Improvement Association was held on Wednesday night last in the Wesleyan 'schoolroom. There was a record attendance and this year'sifunction,kept up the excellent reputation it has enjoyed for many years pass. The room had been tastefully decorated for the occasion, a coloured por- trait of the King and Queen, occupying a prominent position, while flags, and evergreens were lavishly placed around the walls. The president, Mr. Thomas Gandy, with Mrs.C. E. Parker, and Mrs. Clarke (hon. sec.) had arranged the evening's entertainment, which consisted of a series of "Tableaux Vivants." in the initial half of the programme. These were a very popular feature, and withal a decided success, each participant having done their utmost to correctly impersonate the character taken. The list of pictures was as follows :—(1) "The Spinner" with the song "When Maiden Loves," from the "Yeomen of the Guard" (by permission) was taken by Mrs. Clarke, and her costume of a Puritan Maid was very neat. No. 2 was " A Nun," which was admirably taken by Miss Winnie Ambler; her dress and attitude being very realistic, " Ava Maria " was sweetly sung while the picture was shown, by Miss Daunt. A very pretty scene was No. 3, entitled "The Fairies," the Misses Rutliand Rosmond Parker looking very dainty in their fairy costumes, and going through a dance, which was much applauded. No. 4, "A Gipsy Scene," was shown by Miss J. Johnson (gipsy) and Miss M. Dodds. The military side had not been neglected, for in No. 5 "The last stand" the horrors and dangers of war, were brought vividly to the minds of the audience. The scene showed the wounding and subsequent rescue of a. soldier by his officer, South Africa being the supposed scene of the picturellThe'officer, Mr. T. Gandy looked terribly in earnest, while the get up of the wounded soldier (Mr. Harry Mainley) was very clever. No 6, "The Sculptor" was taken by Mr. James Watson, who was shown in a studio, putting the finishing touch to a bust, which stood on a pedestal before him. No 7,, "The blind Nydia," was a pretty though touching por- trayal, the part being taken by Miss Ambler. No 8, showed a modellof the well knowril soap advertisement "You dirty boy," and created much amusement the old lady being Miss L. Cooke,and the boy Master H. Dodds. No. 9, "When the cat's away" showed a lady's maid (Miss M. Dock's), taking advantage of the mistresses absence, and receiving a bicycle riding lesson. She was aided and abetted in this by a footman (Mr. A. Clarke). The unexpected return of the mistress (Mrs. Clarke), and the guilt of the culprits was splendidly portrayed. No. 10, "Mary Queen of Scots," was a dramatic and thrilling scene, the part of the ill-fated Queen being taken by Miss Winnie Ambler, while the headsman was portrayed by Mr. H. Ambler. The block'and theformid- able axe,made a creepy feeling prevalent in the audience the scene being very realistic. The series closed with a scene of "A sleeping camp," the central figure being that of Mr. W. Upton, whq as a sentry in full marching order, watched over the safety of his sleeping comrades. the alarm, and the turn out to defend the camp being realistically shown in subsequent scenes The pictures were shown more prominently and owed much of their success, to the limelight effects, worked by Mr. James Woodward. The songs" Sous of the Mother Land," and "Tommy Atkins, were rendered by Mr. H. Plumpton, to the scenes of "The last stand" and "On Guard "respectively. Mrs. Parker and Mrs. Dow were responsible for the accompaniment on the pianoforte, while Mr. Parker announced the various scenes, and acted as stage , manager. Another interest- ing portion of the proceedings was the " Sixpenny Competition," for articles, the manufacture of which had not exceeded sixpence. Many very pretty articles had been entered, and the audience voted for the article they considered best, the winner being Miss Florrie Woods, Miss M. Woods and Miss Belle .Mainley being second and third. The refreshments'were, of course, a very important feature, and were thoroughly enjoyed. The remainder of the evening was given up to vocal and other items and games,'the following taking part in the programme. Comic song, Mr. Man Watson, and Messrs. A. 0. Clay, H. 'Mainley, and W Upton and Miss Cookealso contributed items. A comprehensive vote of thanks was proposed by Mr. Birch and seconded by Mr. Midwood, and the meeting closed by the singing of the National Anthem.

...111•0....

The tween out of lost tll Sea.

packe beloni veyed whict It 1

inde( the r fore even sirab Septi

4,A the c of th in th peat( mad( Sh piaci

49 reas beca imd rem; at o I ha

"I I the sob, "th:

-21 —a his ttrl

ma] aga far hot

SoN Trill be

wh du ing du roc

hi va fo hi!

. ''.llllllo

===== 0002601_19040109_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
(Copyright.)

===== 0002601_19040109_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
SEP SOWERBY'S SUCCESS.

BY AARON WATSON, Author of "Brown Studies," "Waifs and Strays," "For Lust of Gold," Sze. -

Somebody was always going away from Bickers- dyke! The village was huddled up on the hill-side be- tween two "becks," or brooks, which here flowed out of their separate valleys into a little bay, and lost themselves in the uneasy waters of the North Sea. Sometimes a house was blown down in a gale, or was battered into ruinousness by some piece of wreckage hurled at it by a winter storm. Nobody rebuilt or repaired the wrecked or damaged cottages. Where roofs, and joists, and walls fell together into a heap of confusion, there they lay. At intervals of a few years a little brick cottage would be built a mile or so inland, in the midst of a fair space of garden ground; and whilst it was in course of construction a grizzled, weather-beaten, sailor-looking man would hover about it all day, anxious and helpless, but proud; for every brick that was being placed on the top of another was paid for out of his own pocket, and in his sea-chest down at his lodgings in the village there was, carefully packed away at the very bottom, with all his other belongings piled above it, a document which con- veyed to him the freehold of the piece of land on which he stood.

It was one of the Bickersdyke lads, come -flack after a life spent in strange ports and on far seas. They were always skippers, those who came back —men who had made enough money to retire upon. It was worth no other man's while to return; fot there was no industry but the fishing, which was here a more dangerous and a more laborious occu- pation than at any other place along the whole coast of the broadest of English shires. It was seldom, then, that any Bickersdyke mar came back; but somebody was always going away. The village swarmed with children, who, if they were boys, were born seamen and adventurers. They took to roaming as naturally as the young seagull casts itself from the cliffs and finds the support of its wings.

.. _ And Sep Sowerby had determined with himself that his own time had come.

He was neither fisherman nor sailor; being, indeed, the youngest son of the great tradesman of the place. There had beea seven of them, where- fore there fell to him, as may sometimes happen even to lads in remote fishing villages, the unde- sirable, because schoolboy-provoking, name oi Septimus. "Annie," he said to a girl who sat beside him on the cliff-tops, her eyes following the lessening saile of the fishing boats as they glittered red and golden in the light of the westering sun. "Annie," he re- peated, with abrupt decisiveness of tone, "I have made up my mind at last." She turned to him and looked into his face, placing a sun-browned hand on each of his shoulders. "Oh, I knew it would come, Sep. I have been looking for it ever so long. I seem to have been expecting it, and_fearing it, ever since I was a little girl; for everybody goes away from here, and hove could you remain?" "I have remained longer than most, dear. Why, just think of it! lam twenty-four, and even you are eighteen. I have seen all those go who were oi my own school age, and most of those who came after. There will soon be only women and old men at Bickersdyke. But I have tried to stay; you know that, Annie. I have tried even to like the shop, for the old dad's sake. And then-"

"And then what, Sep?" "There was another reason for staying.* Which was?" "Which was that / loved you."

"And is that a worn-out reason?"

"It is far from that, dear; but it has become a reason of another sort. I must go, Annie, if only because of love of you. My heart is too hungry to find happiness here, or to make you happy if I remained here. I must go, dear, and I mean to go at once. You shall hear things about me when I have gone away--" "Sep, it is from you that I wish to hear."

"Oh, you shall hear from me almost every day, and you shall hear about me, too,' he added, with a ring of manly confidence in his voice. The girl rose, with tears in her eyes. She was strikingly fine-featured, and intelligent-looking, and tall.

"I have expected it a long time, Sep," she said. "I have prepared my heart for it. Let us walk along, the cliff path. Perhaps," with an heroically stifled sob, as her heart prophesied of bitterness to come, "this may be for the last time."

Sep Sowerby had been in London two months, and he was almost beaten. In all that vast cauldron of humanity there seemed to be no room for him. Nobody wanted him. There:was nothing for him to do. London had space and occupation for five millions, but not for an additional unit. That was how it struck Sep. He had been a great reader, according to his means. He had not only read everything in Bickersdyke, but every book that was to be begged or borrowed for wiles around; and now there came into his mind a passage that he had never seemed to remember, and the significance of which he had never previously felt. "0 London, stony - hearted stepmother! Thy streets have echoed to the groans of innunaerable hearts."

There was a bill on the hoardings which exactly fitted into the sentiment of his unconscious quota- tion. A dramatist was advertising his play by means of his verses:

"0 cruel lamps of London! If tears your lights could drown, Your victims' eyes would weep them, 0 lights of London town."

He was becoming foolishly lachrymose, he thought —he who had told Annie that she should hear of him —and he thrust his hands into his pockets, shrank his head into his, shoulders, and dashed up Fleet street, heedless of other hurrying wayfarers,

As he was passing the end of Wine Office Court a man came out of that dim entry and lunged heavily against him. He was a young flaxen-haired giant, far gone in drink. The two clung together lest both shoulcl fall. - - -

"Why, It's Dick Christison!" said Sep, holding the other man up. "Who the deuce ''are you that knows me? Sep Sowerby, by jingo! See me to a cab, Sep, that's a good fellow. I'm deuced drunk. I know I'm deuced drunk. When you are in Bohemia you must do as the Bohemians do. Here, hansom, you beggar; hansom!" The driver leaped down and helped Sep to get Christison into the cab.

r ZSepiwould have gone away, but the drunken man seized him by the lapel of his coat.

"Here, that won't do, you know! You come along with me. We're going to have a crack together. Be right as the mail in the morning. Tell him Great Ormond Street. Great Ormond Street, cabby."

And they bowled away to Great Ormond Street, where Christison introduced Sep to some disorderly chambers, with books and papers liberally- bestrew- ing the floor. Then he turned the key in the lock, thrust it into his pocket, pushed Sep into a bed- room, and said:

"You sleep there. Too drunk to tllk to-night. Want talk in the morning. Right as mail—mor—or —fling"; and he fell into a huge armchair, and was immediately sound asleep.

said

"Now you can tell me ' about yourself,." Christison, as they sat at breakfast on the following day, while the sound of the mid-day traffic was in the street.

It seemed to Sep that he must have dreamed that this man was drunk on the previous night: Why, he was now fresh, bright, self-composed; full of life, vigour, good sense, and good humour. They had known each other from Sep's boyhood, Chri ion having the advantage of five years of age and . immense distance of position. This flaxen- haired giant was the wastrel of a family which had an ancient name, a large house, and a small landed estate, a few miles inland from Bickersdyke; and he had disappeared a few years ago in a cloud of ill- repute.

, He pressed Sep in a whole-hearted, most friendly way, to give him the whole of his confidence, and Sep, who was touched by this unexpected kindness, and who was almost sobbing under the memory of Ins late'experiences and approaching despair, told him everything concerning his hopes, and his vanishing. confidence in himself, and even his love for the girl whom he had meant to make happy by his success. "Well, that's all right," said Christison. "It will come all right for Annie vet. you maw depend- We'll see to that. You see, you are just the chap that I want." "But hew?" asked Sep.

"Why, this way. I want somebody to take mr dictation. Not any shorthand fellow, you know. Just somebody who's slick with his pen. I've got a lot to do, and I get a lot •:lone; but, you see, I closet think fast enough for shorthand. This is the way of it, and you might as well know at once. I write for a lot of papers—gossip papers, chiefly— and they say I'm rather a good hand at gossip and scandal. At any rate, they want more of it than I can find time to do, so I'm going to ring you in.' You come here every day, at this time, and you write to my dictation for three hours, and you get three quid a week. How does that strike you?" Sep was for the moment too stunned for thanks. Here was not only something for the needs of a day, but the opening of a career. When he dived into his inner consciousness, and asked himself what he most wanted to do, the answer, was always the same. He wanted to write. And why, he inquired of himself at this moment, as he saw the vista opening before him, should he not write as well as Dick Christison ?

It is the common thought of youth that it can do everything that offers itself to be done. And then, writing seems so very easy! Sep Sowerby had projected himself far into the future before he had finished thanking Christison for his offer; and he had at least this justification—that he had a natural and undeveloped talent for just that kind of work in which this dictation offered him a training.

So the two friends sat down on opposite sides of the table' and Christison stared at nothing for a while. Then he rose up and paced the room, dictating sentences and half-sentences meanwhile, and Sep Sowerby took down all that he said. Christison had done himself injustice when he said that he wrote gossip and scandal. • -

He had really the very finest kind of talent for the lighter varieties of journalism. Among the men who had not yet risen above anonymity there was none who was more in demand than he; and he made a liberal income,which he squandered in many squalid ways. The Bohemia of Warrington and Pendennis has long vanished into the past; but he was determined, even against odds, to maintain the tradition, and, as he said, to do in Bohemia as the Bohemians do.

So, night by night, he stumbled into his chambers in a state of semi-intoxication; and every morning —for he was magnificently endowed in body and brains—he rose up a new man, and in the afternoon dictated to Sep with as much freshness and vivacity as if he had never looked on the wine while it is red.

"This is all going splendidly." he said one day. "Why, you've doubled my income, old chap! I get through more than twice the work that I used to do, and all as easy as winking. tell you what we'll do, Sep, he added. "We'll make it five pounds a week. It's worth that to me, anyhow; and then, as for you—why, Annie will soon come within sight, my boy."

One of Dick Christison's mainstays was the Tray of the World, to which he contributed almost in- numerable columns of notes every week, signing himself "The Prompter." His was the most popular feature of the paper, and might almost be said to be the paper itself. But one day there was no "copy" at the stipulated time. The day of publication came, and still there was no copy. Great consternation in the office in consequence.

But within an hour or two of the first post Sep. Sowerby arrived, and asked to see the editor. _

_ "You haven't got your 6 Prompter '4, copy this week," he said. "That's true; but how do you kndw ? " "Because Christison's on the batter." "But what do you want ? " "To do ' The Prompter.'" _

The editor lay back in his chair and laughed; though, to be sure, this confident young man excepted, there was a mournful lack of comic elements in the situation.

"Look at that," said Sep, taking a parcel of manuscript from his pocket. _

The editor glanced over a few pages, and ex- claimed:

"Why, this is Christison's writing!" "No; it's mine."

The editor sent for the copy of the previous week's contribution.

"Is this your writing too?" "Certainly. You can compare it with what you have in your hand." The editor gave a low, sibilant whistle. He was, as it seemed to him, beginning to see some things in new lights. "You can leave this," he said, "and see me in a day or two."

'When Sep Sowerby bought the Way of the World the following morning he found his whole contribu- tion in it, line f.-r line and word for word, and the evening post brought him a letter from the editor asking for a similar contribution for the next issue, to be sent in early, so that other arrangements might be made if it were not equal to the standard requirements. -

From that day. Sep Sowerby was on the staff of the Way of the World. He had been able not only to fill the place of Dick Christison, but to strike out a new vein. There was a certain rollicking humour in his work, and a most dexterous use of clichés and slang. By this time, too, he knew his London, ai d had the talent for making it appear that he knew far more of it than was actually the case. His work, as was observed by the editor of the Way of the World, who had originality neither of ideas nor of phrases, "palpitated with actuality." As for Christisdn, he wondered what had become of Sep Sowerby, but knew nobody of whom he could inquire. When his copy was sent back after the week during which his contribution had lapsed, he took it all in good part. "It's just what I deserved," he said. "Besides; if Sep Sowerby has gi.en me the slip, I've more than I can do without doing this." •

And so he went on his ;my, heedless, not even looking at the Way qf the World to see in what fashion his former contribution was continued. As for Sep, it was said that no man who had appeared in London journalism for years past had discovered such a knack for his particular kind of work, or had been so much run after for his contri- butions by those editors who are just outside the pale of formal and regular journalism. So, of course, he got "swelled head." He took chambers from a legal friend, in Pump-cOurt, Temple, and furnished in a curiously mixed taste, with abundance of ornamental knick-knacks, and went out into what he had come to regard as society, and made a collection of cards in a tray .on his mantelshelf, and thought less and less of Annie, and said to himself that "a journalist who had got Into the swim as he had done might marry almost anybody that he pleased." He worked like ten men, and took his pleasure like five; until it came about that, writing in his lonely chambers until the morning sunlight filtered In at the windows, he determined, after his floor had become bestrewn with pages of copy, to write a letter that had been long in his mind; and, writing it, he fell forward, his head on his arms, and wrote no more.

Dick Christison was not an angry or revengeful man; but he had heard, after many montks of not caring about the thing. how Sep Soweroy was prospering, and who had taken up his own work on the Way of the World,, and by what means the new man had obtained his introduction.

So he thought that, by way of a morning's amuse- ment, he would walk along to Pump-court, and give Sep a bit of his mind. "Who would have thought that the man would have been such a scoundrel ?" he muttered to nimself, rather In atone of astonishment than vexa- tion, as he turned out of Clare Market into St. Clement's-inn, and thus made his way to the Strand.

There was consternation at Pumn-court, Temple. The laundress could not obtain admittance to Sep Sowerby's chambers, and the door had obviously been locked from the inside, for the key remained. "I think there must be something wrong, sir," she said to Christison.

Dick put his back to the door, and exerted all his strength; but he might as well have attempted to overthrow one of the walls of Newgate.

"You wait here," he said, ."BAW I will fetch locksmith."

As he was coming back he met a medical friend, and dragged him along. "Syncope," said the medical friend, as he ex- amined the figor .vhich was bent over Sep Sowerby's desk.

"You had better fetch a policeman," said Chris- tisOn to the horrified laundress.

Then he took up the letter which Sep had been writing when he died. It began, "Dear Annie," and then it went on to speak of the mistake they had made. They must have believed that they loved each other because they were so much together. "I am now beginning to look at life with other and saner eyes -" And there the letter came to an end. "The cur!" muttered Christison, as he crumpled the letter in his palm. The sounds of the heavy steps of the policeman, mingling with the mournful garrulity of the laun- dress's voice, were on the stairs. "Poor girl! Poor girl!" said Christison. "He was a brute, but she shall keep her faith in him. This letter, at least, shall never reach her eyes, or tear her heart. To have been saved from him is some- thing to wank lirou cot, out sue 41134g0 914 &mpg bim to tkp eud."

Crag

===== 0002601_19040109_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 9, 190.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Baptist Church, Colborne-straet.

At this church on Sunday evening the Pastor (Rev. H. Dunnico) preached a sermon to young people, taking for his text the church motto for the year, 'Hold that fast which thou hast, that no man take thy crown" (Rev. iii.ll). Religions liberty was mentioned as being one of the things which should be held fast, it having been purchased by the blood of the martyrs. Indivi- duality and 'independence ,of character should be developed and kept. The preacher emphasized the im- portance of thinking for one's self instead of accepting other men's views, and of having one's own convictions and standing by them.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Peter's Church.

The annual tea p rty arranged by the members of the Mother's Meeting was held' on Monday night, when about 120 sat down to a good substantial repast. The tables were presided over by Mesdames Percival, Barn- forth, Lingley, Adams, Taylor, Burdett, Heacock, and Cowdell, and the Misses Young, Adams Percival, and others. After the tables were cleared various games were indulged in, interspersed with songs by Miss Adams, Mrs Yeomans, and Mr. Sumner, which were much appreciated. During the evening parcels of clothing kindly given by the Warrington and South Lancashire Needlework Guilds and Mrs. Comber, we.:e distributed by Mrs. Percival. The Vicar spoke for a few minutes, congratulating the members of the class upon their regular attendance during the year. The party dispersed at 10.30, all having spent a most enjoyable evening. The piano was presided over by Mrs. Adams and Mr. F. Webster.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. .

- At the meeting of this society on Sunday the chair was occupied by Mr. George Wallington, who, at the outset, wished the members "A Happy New Year ! " The address was delivered by Mr. J. A. Yonge, M.A., of Wakefield. He drew some useful lessons from the parables recorded in the 16th chapter off St. Luite.Refer- ring to the work of the P.S.A. movement, he said it was the duty of all connected with it to help and rescue those who were either wilful transgressors or who were crushed and beaten by circumstances. Unless the P.S.A. Society was an aggressive one in this respect it wasnot worth its salt. If life was to be beneficial it must be sacrificial. If they were willing to make heroic sacri- fices then they would become powerful for good. Let them put their hearts into the work and become mission- aries for the society and they wouldlknowsomething of the supreme joy of those who served Him.—Phe Nev. John fonge announced that three new members had been enrolled, bringing up the membership to 532. The Savings Club had now 76 members and the sum of £24 Gs. 6d. had been withdrawn during the Christmas liOliaays. He trusted that in the coming year they would see a great revival of P.S.A. work. Mr. A. Griffiths very efficiently sane "Th 9 Star of Bethlehem." Service for Young People.

Mr. J. A. Yonge, M.A. (Principal of the Northern Congregational School, Silcoates, Wakefield) and eldest son of the Rev. John Yonge of this town, conducted a service for young people in Wycliffe Church, Bewsey- street,on Sunday morning. There was a large congrega- tion. Suitable hymns were sung and an address was delivered by Mr. Yonge, based on the words "1 go to my Father' (John 16c. 28v.) He asked his hearers never to forget their final goal and to always remember their God to whom they went. He alluded to what the late Mr. Glacbtone called "The inestimable blessing of unremitting industry" and pointed out that the egreat value of work was not in what it eamed but in the education of body, mind and soul which attended it. At the close, bibles were distributed to 30 members of the pastor's catechumen class. The Rev. John Yonge, in distributing the bibles, stated that he commenced the class in 1881 and since that year 662 young people, on reaching the age of 15 years, had passed through the class. Some of these former members were scattered in nearly every part of the habitable earth. He trusted they would always carry with them the influence of the class and the remembrance of its purpose.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
A Welcome and a Farewell.

At the communion service held at Wycliffe Congrega- tional Church on Sunday evening, a hearty welcome was extended to the Rev. Harry Wall, late of Nottingham College. who has accepted the call to be the assistant minister at Wycliffe Church, with the special oversight of Cockhedge Mission. The Pastor welcomed Mr. Wall on behalf of the members and expressed the hope that his labours would be fruitful. At the close, an affec- tionate farewell was taken of the Rev. A. A. Dignum, who is returning to his work in the mission field at Salem, India. The pastor in bidding him farewell, referred to Mr. Dignum's early associa- tion with Wycliffe Church and Sunday school and to his ordination at Wycliffe in 1882, prior to his departure for India as a missionary of the London Missionary Society. Since that time, Mr. Dignum had been in a special degree, Wycliffe's representative in the foreign mission field,—The congregation joined in singing "God be with you till we meet again."—The Rev. A.A. Dignum addressed the gathering and stated that he received a shock at the Mission House, when the Secretary described him as a veteran of the mission field. He had hitherto looked upon himself as a young worker, but he supposed that when one had given 21 years of service he must have left his youth behind. He remembered with gratefulness and joy his early associations with Wycliffe and although he had been greatly distressed during his furlough by the death of his wife and the prospect of leaving his children behind in England, still he went out again to the mission field with a hopefulness for the success of his work in India.—At the usual service which preceded the Communion, the Pastor (Rev. John Yonge)preached on the 'Wycliffe Motto for 1904—" In His favour is life" (Psalm 30, sv). The usefulness and practical in- fluence of the motto he said depended upon its being constantly displayed. Still it needed more than being kept in sight, for it would be of no avail if it was re- garded as a scripture text, which must as a matter of course lie good and true- There was a possible danger in their familiarity even with scripture texts, and, as the old proverb had it, " familiarity breeds contempt." IWhat had that motto to• say for practical use in this life? It was a plain statement of a spirit ual and truth- ful fact of the relations existing between man and God. They must takel God as their standard in life; a task which was not so impossible as it might eeem. Patience and perseverance would lead them to success.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
PRISON GATE MISSION WORK.

The Police Court and Prison Gate Mission of the Liverpool Diocesan Church of England Temperance Society is now one of the largest agencies of its kind in the United Kingdom. Its area of operations is CO extensive with the Diocese of Liverpool, and includes the city of Liverpool, the boroughs of Bootle, South- port, St. Helens, Wigan, Warrington and Widnes together with the Petty Sessional Courts in thecourrtry districts and the Recorder's and Assize Courts. It also has Agents who meet prisoners on discharge every morning at Walton prison from both sides of the river Mersey. Prisoners are also occasionally met at Preston and Man- chester gaol gates. Three of its missionaries are also Agents of discharged Prisoners' Aid Societies in their respective districts namely, the South-West Lancashire and Wirral, the Preston and Mid-Lancashire, and the Manchester and Salford Hundred. During the month of December these missionaries made 261. visits to the police courts conversed with 1,165 persons in the courts and cells and visited 647 of them subsequently in their homes. Sixty women, girls and boys were sent back to friends, taken to refuges or provided with employment, 63 persons were attended to in the courts at the request of the Magistrates, and 64 at the desire of the court officials and the police. In 146 instances persons visited the offices and homes of the missionaries to be assistsd to work &c. In 64 instances second hand clothing, was provided to enable the recipients to ob- tain work. At the Mission room near Walton Prison breakfast, advice, help &c, were given to 712 persons on discharge, 25 tickets for work at the Society's Firewood and Mat Factory, Bootle were given to men, 55 pessons were visited in their abodes from the prisons 175 per- sons signed the pledge of total abstinence, 45 meetings were addressed. There were also 46 non-court capes attended to, persons wholad not been in a police court or prison but for whom friends and relations sought , iihe assistance of the missionaries. There are many othe-c items of work.

TRySq.—wew we.hatoe wategp:to•l‘ the most snttable id tropical ell M ; it is light, clean, ceol. comfortable, an durable can he worn whilst bathing. WHITE & WRIGHT s urgical Instru-1 sot 84akers.93.1tenshaw ot,Liverpool—Advt HOW IR IT THA,T "MARRS'S BLOOD MIXTURE has obtained such great popularity "is a question which has perplexed many. The answer is. that it is unquestionably the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill has brought to light. Thousands of wonderful cures have been effected by It. For Scrofula. Scurvy, Eczema. Skin, and Blood riseases. Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, the effects are marvellous. Sold everywhere at 2s 9d per bottle beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Advt. 2. CLARKS'S b 41 Plias, are wuribuz.rl to cure' iu sex, all acquired or constitutional Dietharpes from the Urinary Organs. Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 41. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors tbroueh- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers, The Lincoln and Midland Counties DrugOompany. Lincoln.—

FLOM LINE I—YON/HE TEEM ANDdiREATEL„--ThOrOUßtay r teepees the teeth Plrorriall parasites or impuritsea. harden the gums, prevtiffs tartar, stops decay d ives to the eetli a peculiar posolv wbiteness and a atNal fragrance to the breath. PriceTs.gcljor the liquido 'lot Per Jar for the PloriUne "Powder." of all Oberniet. and Perfumers.— Arid VALUABLE...DISCOVERY YOB TEE iiilll,-11 your hair it turning:grey...or white or fallmil off use the MEXICAN HAAR RENEWER, for it will positivefrrestore, in everrees4 srreyinr white hair to itsmoriglnalcolour. It makes the haincharmingly beautiful, es weHies promoting the ifkowth. Price as 6d F' bottle.— Mot. To blerrogne.--Zdrs. Wins low's Soothing'SYruP has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their 21I1kirec while teething, with perfect snore's. It will relieve the roorsafferer 'lmmediately. It la pleasant to taste ; and pmduCeepaaturalnvietkieep. Dy relieving the child from pain the little ntresdb awakes "As bright !ajar...button." Of all .einisti is lid per bottle. -Advti

===== 0002601_19040109_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„0,

===== 0002601_19040109_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
AP'

-35 YEARS --'--PROVEN EFFICACY.

AN EVER READY HOUSEHOLD REMEDY_ LOOSENS PHLEGM. •;• ALLAYS COUGH_ 1; GIVES IMMEDIATE RELIEF --7LINUM CATHARTICUM-PILLS..! FOR INDIGESTION & ITS EVILS. -1 1! SICK'NEADAGHE BILIOUS DERANGEMENT • 6c- !, AN AGREEABLE APERIENT.

KAYS TIC PILLS •:. •:. CURE FACEACHE & NEURALGIA

e e REFUSE SUBSTITUTES. •:, •:• SOLO liY AU. 04EmiSTS THROUGHOUT GREAT EIRI TAIM ti THE COLON!!

===== 0002601_19040109_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Never be without a Box of

THE NEW YEAR MOTTO,

===== 0002601_19040109_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
BEEefiliM'S PILLS

for

"YOU NEVER KNOW YOUR LUCK."

DO YOU WANT £5

5 : 0?

The Proprietor of BEECHAM'S PILLS will present this amount to any correspondent who suggests the most suitable Beecham's Pills advertisement (either word-picture or illustration) on the expression "YOU NEVER KNOW YOUR LUCK."

Each person has an equal chance, as it is not necessary for the idea to be shown in drawing,—a simple description will suffice.

This Competition will, Close on January 31st.

Address:—Achfertising Department,

BEECHAM'S PILLS, ST. HELENS, LANC.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

NOTHING TO EQUAL THEM i t

30, Holmley-terrace, Drontleld, Nr. Sheffield, October 23rd, 1902

Dear Sir,—l am sending you my testimonial for your Pills I think they ere the finest things in the world, and have received great benefit from taking them. I have also recom- mended them to all my friends, who have been greatly relieved by them. I shall continue to take your Pills when necessary, and will recommend them whenever I can. have tried eeveral others, bit have not found any to;;equat yours.

Your truly, JAMES BBOIVES.

_ EADE'S'GOUT PILLS Are parfeatly safe in _their nation, elimin.ite all injari,i

matter, and are highly 'restorative.

Bold everywhere in Botties.-ls: 11d. and 21. 9d.„ or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE RADE, 232, Goswell-road, London,

HEUMATIC PILLS,:

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DAN MOULDINGS.

English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding a Speciality. Largest stock of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PAtTSRN BOOK. 160 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTER OF GLASS- GLASS STOCK LISTS FREE ON APPLICATION.

MORELL, 17 aqd 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON, W.C. Warehouses : 11, 12. and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street, (in the rear). Telegraphic Address:—" Rabbitry, London." Telephone 6135 Central.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY.

MERAPION. ,ohpisufaurecreeteldvandashigehmly oloyod in the Continental Hospitals by Rieord Rostan,Jobert Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots,blotches, pains and swelling of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary disease-strictar discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheumatism,gout sleeplessness.nervoue and physical exhauation,etc. Therapion Is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2 and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars sendlstamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON Trolf.F^.llD-.QTTARE. LANDO

• DON'T COUCH for KEATING'S LOZENGES EASILY CURE THE WORST COUCII. One gives relief. An increasing sale of over 80 years is a certain test of their value. Sold in 131 d. tins everywhere.

CUT A GOOD FIGURE z - w by weariag a corset scientiheally made with an the 2 most recent Unprovements for the support and ... ..A. beautifying of thr high-class corset at a ,1,1 3: popular pri,- ..,1 * _ 7:?_.

Pat,

s pg, . ETII s 1

j IGOR Bewail-a in Constructthn. Unrivalled in Style. • Constructed in accordance with physiological principles, 5: rive no undue pressure, but yield to the movements of the body, and the side supports are uNitier.ssants. Modelled in different shapes to suit various types of figures, they yield a most graceful arn,l, rounded ge 4; appearance. Prices. 3/114 to 106. Obtainable from the principal Drapers and Ladies' Outfitters, Nit if any difficulty in procuring, write for • name of nearest agent. Insist on having the R. ,Side-Slirine- Carrel— T 7 Best. • IMPORTANT.—Tho wear of every J. B.Corsot ts abgntotAlv stuaraoteed by the— SOLE MANUFACTURER. J. S. BLAIR. Croat Anooats Street, Slanohester. VOMMONANWIMMANAMMNWO

)rovement. te figure. A . L. .11111.1 ent 1111 !KA

===== 0002601_19040109_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
TIRED MIEN.

When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing Blectrin Belts, write tome, and I will send you a Book, which shows how every man, young and old, may be quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOUSNESS. EXHAUSTIOIi, VARICOOELE, and DEBILITY, from any cause wtatever, WITHOUT STOMACH MEDIC:Ng, or ELECTRICITY. Hundreds of cures. Book sent sealed,post free, for two stampa.—A. 3, LEIGH, 92 and 93 Great Russell St., London, W.C. Over seventeen years successful results.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
, ; , ' , • , I • • t

===== 0002601_19040109_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

~,,,, ~,.,•,,,,-•-•.,,-,.-•,-,,-,.•,-,•,.

Authors of letters intended for publication must mall cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paner and sent in, if possible,not later than Thursday.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
"The Good old Town of Warrington."

Three Recent Events.

"Highest death rate in England." "Election bribery case before Local Bench and hard swearing by witnesses." "A boy of 14 found helplessly drunk in the streets." CYNICUS.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
The Murderous Malaria Mosquito.

Sir,—ln the otherwise clear and succinct account of my lecture on Mosquitoes and Malaria, published in your last issue, there it one slip of such importance that I crave your permission to make further explana- tion, since it may be due to lack of precision on my part. I am reported to have said that the blood-parasites -which cause-malaria 'were introduced into the blood by mosquitoes who obtained them in their food from puddles and swampy districts," whereas I hoped I had made it clear that our present knowledge only enables us to say that the 'mosquito transfprs the parasite from one hitinaii.being to another. Malaria is due to minute animal organism dwelling as parasites in the red compuscles of the blood. Certain of them increase in size and finally break up into numerous spores (a form of young) whioh attach them selves to other corpuscles and ultimately become full- -sized parasites. In this way the parasites multiply in the patient's blood, and when they have become suffi.- ciently numerous the act of breaking ap into spores causes the outbreaks of fever with which dwellers in the tropics and elsewhere are only too familiar. Certain other members, however, instead of breaking up into spores, assume forms known as gametocytes, and when a mosquito bites a person suffering from malaria it is practically certain to draw into its body along with the blood a large number -of these gametocytes. lathe mosquito's body the gametocytes pass through I complicated changes which flually result in the produe- tion of a prodigious number of young parasites, called in this stage." blasts." Now if this particular mosquito should bite a person previously free from malaria,these "blasts" are carried down the insect's trunk while it is biting along with the irritating fluid which it injects, and get into the unfortunate victim's blood. Here they attach themselv es to the red corpuscles, increase in size, and many of them ultimately break up into spores which attack other corpuscleras we have already seen. Some of them, however, instead of breaking up into spores become gametocytes (as did their predecessors) which may be down up by some other blood-thirsty mosquito, to go thrbugh the same complicated changes and to have their numerous progeny transferred to yet another person—and so the disease is spread:- • This is, in brief, the life-history-of theparasite as we understand it at present, and it. seems to be a. complete statement, for no stage in the transformations is wanting: Experiment, too,seems to prove that malarial fever is never developed except as the result of the bite -of a mosquito belonging to the genus Anopheles which has previously bitten a per- son suffering from the disease, and the parasite which produces the fever is only known to occur in the bodies • of mosquitoes, and in the blood of malarial patients. The question of the origin of the .parasite and its habits is still a problem for biologists, and likely to remain so. It will therefore be evident that there are no grounds for stating that the mosquito obtains the parasite in its food from puddles anti swamps (wherein it feeds only in the larval stage) and my desire to cor- rect this impression must be my excuse for troubling you.—l am, dear sir, faithfully yours, E. E. LOWE. Plymouth, January sth, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington and the Drink Question.

Sir.—The very sad case reported in the public press of a boy drunk at 14, furnishes food for reflection and makes one feel disposed to ask what is being done to minimise this terrible evil in our town. On Christmas Eve I chanced to walk towards the centre of the town just as the pitblic• houses were being closed and the frightful number of drunken men and women met with -will not readily be forgotten. In about six minutes' walk T. counted more than 50 staggering along. Some were being held up on either side by more sober corn- ; panions ; others.were unable to get along at all. One young woman about 20 years of age was drunk • screaming and situ-ring, with a baby in her, arms. We are told that the publicans are not respon- sible for the drunkenness that exists, but I saw several men leave public-houses staggering drunk,carryialg large ...stone bottles of beer. Twoof them were so drunk that

theyletthem fall and they were broken and the contents ,spilled. Hearing , a crash further on some called out "There's another bottle gone." I may say this is ,no new thing in Warrington, as I have more than once -seen the same thing happen afterclosing time on Sunday afternoons. A friend remarked to me on the number of • young girls from 17 to 20 years of age who were under' the influence of drink. Is there any wonder that I hear in one inebriate home in Lancaster for women, I during the past year out of 14 inmates no fewer than 5 were from;Warrington ? I ,firmly believe from what ' 'I saw that there were in the streets of the Borough ; more than 200 drunk and yet so far as I know not more I -than one or two cases were dealt with by the police. I People are asking why is this? Ts it to keep down the statistics of drunkenness] or is it as sdine think,that the magnificent building on which so many ,thousands have been spent, is too far away. to be of any service? Any how, the fact remains that a fearful amount of drunken- ness is allowed to go on unchecked. By and by we shall be todid that drunkenness is decreasing while just the oppositers the case,especially with regard to women. The question then is who is respimsible? The publicans have rezently been taken to task by Justice Grantham because of the awful amount of crime brought before him as the direct result of drink. While one is ready -to admit there are many who try to conduct a difficult business in a satisfactory manner, yet it is equally ,certain there-are those who do not seem to care as long as they are alle to do a good business. This, of course, .may arise from the fact that under the tied house system they aro compelled to do so much business, and .competition being so keen owing to the excessive number of houses they are obliged to sell as much as possible 'in order to get a living. The police also should be called upon to do their Juty without fear or favour. Drunkenness is an offence against the law and should be dealt -with as such. It is all very well' to prosecute small boys for playing a game of pitch and toss,but why not the men and women who by their foul language and disorderly conduct while under the influeoce of drink, make it im- possible for respectable people to pass along our streets with any degree of pleasure. My impression is that if -this were done we should soon see a very desirable change, but so' long as they are allowed to break the law with impunity,so long will the evil continue and grow. Men one may ask what are the clergy and ministers of the churches doing with regard to this matter? Do they realise the tremendous responsibility that rests upon them.? There are homes within a atone!s threw of nearly every church in Warrington whieh axe a shame and disgrace to civilization and they are made so by drink. With the exception of the vicar of iSt Paul's, who is nothing if not outspoken, I do not know of any clergyman or minister who during -the festive season protested against this unchristian method of observing a Chris- tian festival. Again with the exception of Wycliffe Church—all honour to them for it—l am not aware that any church in the town has en Adult Society where men and women anxious to reform can be brought in and helped to do so, and be also a means of preventing others from falling. If I might suggest a text for a Sunday's discourse it would be Proverbs 24c., 11-12 v. We should then be able to judge as to what our Chris- tian leaders think and feel as to their responsibilities in this matter. There are other sides to this question which I should have -liked to have touched upon. These shall, however, be deferred till another time, and by your kind permission I shall be pleased to bring them before your readers.—Yours faithfully. OBSERVER.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
Councillor Maginn and Warrington Bridge

Sir.—The Town Council passed a resolution at their monthly meeting on Tuesday to increase the width of Warrington Bridge to 51 feet by the erection of two cantilever footpaths, outside the existing parapets at an estimated cost of £4,523. Now as I pointed out to you in my letter of last week, this is in my opinion a useless expenditure of public money on a bridge that every member of our Council must be aware, cannot be made to fulfil the requirements of our town in the future, though it may have served our purpose very in- differently in the past. The gentlemen who voted for this resolution must know that it would be im- possible to carry out the condition of this resolution in opposition to the wishes of the firms interested in the navigation of the river above the bridge, unless by defending protracted litigation at • an enormous expenditure of public money, which is the I most useless of all expenditures, besides damaging ; vested interests of the Corporation in the navigation of our waterway. For in the first place the Corporation of Warrington have spelt over £5,000 of public money in• immuring fore-shore rights and building wharves on the upper reaches of Ow river from the bridge to the weir. ' I believe I arecorrect in stating that these are the only, fore-shore rights the Corporation of Warrington own on -the river Mersey and this which should have been a valuable and profitable investment to our town has been practically worthless to us,owing to the unnavigable state • of the\ riverunder the Bridge.N ow when this has been the state of things in the past, what will it be in the future ;when 1-,y the new proposed river diversion scheme, the surface of the water is raised by two feet six inches, making the depth of the river under the bridge over eleven fe.et.? Now let me say in passing

that it isto the interests of Warrington to get the depth of the river increased as much as possible and I believe if the present scheme is carried out as sug- gested it will be one of the best improvements the town has secured within the present generation. Now sir to prove my contention let me state that a steamer that could pass under the bridge with a cargo of say 250 tons with the water in the river the above mentioned depth, could not return empty, for the space between the surface of the water and the top of the arch will only be a little over fourteen feet, and yet a 250 ton cargo steamer is only a very small boat indeed. It may be pointed out,however,that the railway bridge is still 6 inahes lower than our town bridge and this is so. But the railway bridge which is already condemned and must be replaced by anew one in the near future, is a bridge of one span of about 100 feet, whereas our bridge consists of three arches and only the centre one is navigable with a span of about 50 feet. The two abutments, the centre supports of our bridge, occupyl6 feet of the river and cause the water to rush through the centre arch with such force that it is extremely dangerous to navigation. My contention is this, if we are to gain any real benefit from the new river diversion scheme both the bridges must be removed. Now if this is the navigable con- dition of the river with the bridge as it now stands what would it be if you add 20 feet to its width by the proposed cantilever footpaths? It will be still more dangerous to navigation. Now I think it is quite clear to anyone why I am opposed to what I consider useless expenditure, for though I am not one of those who are nervous about spending public or private capital where it is likely to bring in a return or be a benefit in any way, lam opposed to spending money on useless, or to put it mildly, temporary improvements, when the money is wanted for permanent and profitable works, which will increase our rateable value, and be an everlasting benefit to the community. This brings me to my contention in my last week's letter, our necessity for two new bridges, so that we can divert the traffic over them when the time comes for us to erect a new one where the old bridge now stands, besides giving us the additional connections with the Cheshire and Lancashire part of the Borough. My views on the proposed bridge at Walton, I shall have to leave over to some future occasion, and content myself with stating my intention of bringing forward a motion at the next monthly meeting of the Council to immediately erect a bridge at Howley connecting that part of the town with Latchford by means of a road through Victoria Park, the erection of which I am sure should be opposed by no one, as it would be a permanent benefit to property owners and manufac- turers alike, and at the same time find work for the large number of Unemployed who are at the present time depending on us for their existence.—Yours &c. JOHN MAGINN.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL ASSESSMENTS. More Public-House Appeals.

A meeting of the Warrington Union Assessment Committee was held in the Board Room at the Work- house yesterday. Mr. A. J. Jolley presided, and there were also present :—Messys. S. Davies, G. Pilling, William Houghton, J. Billinge, A.Jolley, J.C. Sutton (clerk), William Owen (valuer), and W. 11. Woodcock (assistant overseer).

THE ELECTRICITY STATION AND TRAMWAYS.

Mr. FAIRHURST appealed against the assessment of the electricity station in Parr-street and the tramways in the Borough. In the first case the estimated gross assessment was £l,OOO and the rateable £5OO, and in the second case, gross £2,ooo,rate,able£l,6oo. Mr. Fairhurst said he appealed against the present assessment on the ground that the temporary assessment fixed 12 months ago was in excess of what-he considered it ought to be, sad also because the deductions between gross and rateable were not adequate to cover repairs and renewals. He asked for the matter to be referred to the Valuer and the Clerk.—This course was adopted.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OLD BLt7E-BA.CK BEERHOUSE.

Mr. JAMES PAYTON appealed against the:assessment:of the Old Blue Back, Allen-street, which was assessed at .£7O gross and rateable £59 10s. on the ground that the circus had been closed for two or three years, and that the fairs were no longer held in the neighbourhood. The closing of the circus alone had made a difference to him of £3 a week.—The committee decided to make no alteration in the assessment.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BROOKLANDS_ HOTEL.

Mr. H. J. IVE—sT—s;l7o-0K (on behalf of Mr. James Spencer Earle, the tenant of the Brooklands Hotel, Lovely-lane) appealed %against the assessment which stood at £1.50 gross and £127 10s. rateable. Mr. Earle, he said, was a tenant under Messrs. Greenall Whitley and Company. During the alterations which ,were still being made the rental was £4O a year, but when completed the rental would be £7O. He was not going to argue the principle, he continued, of how a tied house ought to be rated because the principle was not clearly estab- lished and the law was conflicting. Hewes prepared to admit at once that the money paid as rent was not the true rateable value of thehotel. The landlord let it at a less rent because of the extra profit he received on the beer and the 'tenant paid less rent because of the increased price he had to pay for beer. It was here where the unknown quantity come in and the question arose what additional value should be paid to represent the extra amount paid for beer in view of the reduced rental. Although the law was complicated the court of appeal had laid down a certain definite line which should beadopted forarriving at the basis of the true value of a tied public-house and it had said they must obtain the evidence of experts who would compare the house in question with similar houses, similarly situated in the same place and similarly built. The position and capability of the house for doing this trade must also be considered and the question must be asked what the premises would be reasonablyexpected to let for. The CLERK: As a free house?

Mr. WESTBROOK : Yes, as a free house. The Court of Appeal also Said that the question of the tenant's earnings or his profits ought not to be taken into con- sideration, except perhaps a,s a last resort. He did not propose to produce expert evidence. It was not that they had anything to hide but because on principle he objected to do it. He hoped to show on the evidence of the tenant that the assessment of the house at £l5O gross was unreasonable and excessive. If the assess ment were based on the supposition that the house was selling 15 barrels a week he could assure the committee that nothing approaching that quantity was sold. At the present time the Brooklands •Vas not capable of doing so large a trade, Then it must be remembered that the licensing of this house was still a source of heartburning to some of the residents in the neighbourhood and he suggested that the gross value of the house was not more than £lOO.— Mr. Earle was then called and said that under present conditions he would not like to pay more than £7O a year rent if the house werea free one. He did a good outdoor trade when he first opened but it had since fallen off. A big outdoor trade was done in the district but he was not doing it. The alterations to the house were not yet complete. The committee decided to re- duce the assessment to £l2O gross and £lO2 net until April next when it will be restored to the original figure of £l5O gross and £127 les Od rateable.

THE VALUERS REPORT.. Mr. Owen (valuer) reported ;that he had made the following valuations and inspections :—Whymans Foundry Co. Ltd., Dallam-lane, Warrington. In July 1902 a temporary reduction on these works was allowed and the assessment fixed at gross £l5O, rateable £l2O. Some additions had been made, and the works were more fully used, though not yet fully occupied. He was of opinion this assessment should now be realised to gross £2OO, rateable £l5O, and that the works should be again inspected in G months.—Maginn Brothers, stable yard, Arpley-street Warrington, gross £54 10s. rateable £46 10s. This assessment ,was appealed against at the last meeting. Since the last assessment, land had been taken from the yard and built upon, the houses being separately assessed. He was of opinion the assessment should be reduced to gross £4O, rateable £3l.—Warrington Borate Co. Ltd., Stockton Heath, These works were reported as not being fully ready for tissessmeht. He proposed to measure and value them in the current month.—The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRAMWAYS.

The Question of Management. At a meeting o f the Electricity and Tramways Committee held this week, the management of the two undertakings was under consideration, and an important decision arrived at. It was decided to dis- pense with the dual position of electrical engineer and tramways manager, from which posts Mr. W. H. Grimsdale has resigned. Subject to the confirmation of the Town Council. Mr. F. V. L. Mathias will be appointed to the, position of electrical engineer, and will also be responsible for the electrical equipment and engineering work connected with the tramways. He will not, however, have anything •to witl the management of the tramway traffic. It it proposed to appoint a tramways' manager at a commencing salary of £l2O, rising by £lO per annum to 1150. HOLIDAY TRAFFIC RETURNS. The following are the traffic returns for the recent Christmas and New Year holidays :

2 s. d. • Cftristmas Eve - 82 17 10 Christmas Day Boxing Day 5B 14 ‘g Sunday Dec. 27 3B 0 ' 6, New Year's Eve 39 16 81 New Year's Day 3B 4 4 Saturday, Jan. 2. Last year the figures were :- -

£ s. d. Christmas Ewe , ........ 82 12 8 Christmas Day Boxing Day 57 14 1 Saturday Dec 27 New Year's Eve lSt 3 11 New Year's Day The receipts for the week ending January 7th amounted to 5:280 Os. 6.1 d., whilst the sum received during the corresponding period last year was ;£285 Os. 3d.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 9, 1904

play of eloquence that evening. He agreed with every word Councillor Maginn had said with respect to the building of a new bridge at Howley. He thought that was one of the most important steps the town ought to take mainly on account of throwing open Victoria Park to the artisan population 'of the Church-street end of the town. It would also be a relief to Warrington bridge. He thought they were all agreed that that bridge required altering at the earliest possible moment. (Hear. hear). Eighteen months ago they discussed the question and they then considered the bridge too narrow. Then surely it was too narrow now, and no argument was needed on that point. He (Alderman Pierpoint) was a member of.the" Bridge " Committee and he believed there was a good reason for its not being called together, so as not to hamper a certain other committee. Surely if the bridge was not wide enough they as sensible men ought to have it altered. The question was how? If cantilevers were the best means under the circumstances then let it belthat way. He did not seelwhy there was any need to get savage about this particular resolution. (Laughter.) Why not affirm the opinion that the bridge should be widened and then have expert evidence called in to say what was the best means? Expert opinion might say cantilevers were best; perhaps it would say have a new bridge or perhaps suggest a circular arch. When they had got the best possible means planned out and estim- ates secured,the matter could be brought to the Council to decide what to do. He did not think the Council would bind themselves as to the amount of money, but they must try and get the best possible means of widen- ing, whatever it was, and take all things into consider- ation. (Hear, hear.) Councillor BURTON said he felt somewhat nervous to contemplate the extraordinary cost that it would take to place a new bridge that would extend over the railway crossing at Wilderspool although they had only to pro- vide part of it. The placing of a footpath on each side of the existing bridge would not interfere with the placing of a bridge across the railway at some future time. The time had fully come when something ought to be done with regard to the widening of the present bridge. He found it was the opinion of the majority of the townspeople that the bridge was too narrow for the amount of traffic which crossed it. Building was going on at Stockton Heath by leaps and bounds, and as the district increased the traffic over the bridge increased. If another bridge were built at Howley it would not lessen the pressure from the Stockton Heath side and if a bridge were built at Bank Quay, as suggested, he did not see where that would reduce the traffic to any appreciable extent.fie did not see why objection should be taken to cantilevers. The bad condition of things in War- rington which had been referred to was not caused at all by the bridge but by.'„the high rates. (Hear, hear.) How could they expect manufacturers to come to War- rington with rates at is. 4d. in the pound, and a water rate in addition'? If they raised them any more they would cripple the industries of the town to such an extent that manufacturers would not be able to make two ends meet. It would not only prevent manufac- turers coming to the town but would drive the present ones away. It. was a very serious matter to contem- plate, and he hoped the Council would consider very seriously before they rejected the scheme of widening by cantilevers. (Hear, hear.) Councillor TINNION said the question wal." does the bridge require widening ?" Councillor JAMES EVAIsTS : No. Councillor TINNION : Really Mr. Evans when I want to know anything I will ask the Mayor. Councillor .1 AMES EVANS : Thank you; I thought you were asking us the question' Councillor TINNEON (continuing) said they should confine themselves to the questions as to whether the bridge needed widening and whether the present was an opportune moment for carrying outthe work. Every- body would agree, he thought, that the bridge was not wide enough for the traffic which went over it. He did not think any;member of the Council would consent to running the three schemes for new bridges for any- thing like the next 10 or 15 years. He asked the Council to approve of the scheme of cantilevers as th best possible one under the] circumstances. Theire doing so would not interfere with the suggested bridge at Howley when the proper time came. At present the rates would not afford such an increase. There were some persons who wanted a bridge in place of the exist- ingstone bridge and they were not particular so far as they were concerned what amount it cost the rate- payers. (Hear, hear.) Alderman SUTTON contended that the widening of Warrington bridge was an altogether separate question from that of building a bridge at Howley. It was absolutely necessary to widen Warrington bridge. However much the building of a bridge at Howley would decrease the present pressure, ,the continued increase in the traffic would quite counter-balance it. Another important item to consider was that the Street Improvement Committee had not yet decided whether the !Widening of Knutsford-road shoulci-take place on the right or left side of the road. It would therefore be well to defer the carrying out of the scheme, and he' suggested to the proposer of the amendment to alter his resolution to the effect that the carrying out of the widening be deferred until the question he had referred to ha d been decided. (Hear, hear.) . .

Alderman HEATON remarked that as it was his inten- tion to vote against the scheme,he would give his reason. A short time ago they had a plan presented of a single span steel bridge across the Mersey at Bridge-foot. Anyone looking from the bottom of Bridge-street would see that the proper way to widen the bridge was to do one half of this steel bridge at a time. If they put cantilevers down they would have to do away with them altogether when the time came for putting a new bridge down, whereas if they built half of the new bridge now—on the Liverpool side—it would last for the next 20 years and would cost £9,000 or £lo,ooo.They could complete the bridge when necessary. Councillor WILKINSON observed that whild he was in favour of the resolution he thought it would be wise to adjourn the matter. There were many undertakings in the immediate future that would effect Warrington Bridge. There was the probable building of a new bridge by the London and North-Western Railway Company and the possibility of the Northwich Light Railway affecting the traffic over Warrington Bridge. It would be wise to defer the matter for the present. The MAYOR said they were all of opinion that the bridge ought to be widened and the General Purposes Committee thought it ought to be widened by canti- levers. He would advise the Bridge Sub-committee to consider the matter. If the Council voted for the cantilever scheme they would commit themselves to it. If the engineer suggested a foot-bridge or some other way of widening the bridge at some little cost, these were matters of finance and he thought the Council ought to • consider them before committing themselves to any definite scheme. He had no personal feeling in the matter. He thought the footpaths ought to be widened. This might be done by removing the stone coping and putting an iron railing at the side, or they might have cantilevers as suggested. He thought the best course to adopt was to appoint a sub-committee to report on what they considered the most satisfactory course to the rate- payers. Councillor JOHN ROBERTS said he had hitherto been opposed to the widening of Warrington bridge by cantilevers, but since he had seen how London Bridge had been widened by cantilevers, he was convinced that Warrington bridge could be widened in a similar manner and would serve its purpose for another 10 or 13 years. Alderman SMETHURST: 50 years. Councillor JoHN RosEnTs said recent large expendi- ture had been th s means of increasing the rates and they ought not to further increase the ratepayers' burden. -

Alderman FAIRCLOUGE pointed out that a great deal had been said of the traffic passing over the bridgebut very little had been mentioned of the traffic that passed underneath it. The traffic on the river was carried on long before the present bridge was built. The only way of navigating the river beyond the river was by passing through the central arch. The Ship Canal scheme was likely to reduce the headway under the bridge, and if the Corporation now added canti- levers the river would not be navigable at all And it would lead to a great deal of litigation. Councillor STOTT asked whether the Ship Canal Scheme was likely to thin up the water at the bridge by an additional two feet. The MAYOR said he had intended to allude to that matter. The risk of an extra flush on the river at War- rington bridge was only possible at low water. It was not n, thing to be taken into acaount at all. Councillor STOTT thought that if after spending £3,000 on cantilevers there was a risk of an additional sum of £3,000 being spent on litigation it would be better to decide upon a new bridge at once, Councillor LORD said he voted in favour of the cantilevers at the meeting of the General Purposes Committee, but after what had been said he was not satisfied to go on with the matter. He thought there was a great deal in what Mr. Councillor Evans had said respecting the impending action of the Street Improve- ment Committee on the Latchford side of the river.

Alderman SMETHURST said some of the speeches he had listened to that evening had surprised him. It was only a fortnight ago since this resolution for the con- struction of cantilevers was passed unanimously. The action of the Street Improvement Committee had been I sprung upon the Council that evening. He had never heard a word about it until that evening. This question of widening the bridge by means of cantilevers was not a new thing. It had been in his mind for 20 years. One argument for the proposed new bridge was that it would enable the people of St. John's Ward to make use of Victoria Park. As a matter or fact Bank Park was much nearer to St. John's Ward than Victoria Park would be with a bridge across the river at --How- ley. Mr. Maginn's suggestion was not a new one. When the Park was purchased it was understood that there should be a bridge across the river at Howley, and the Council decided that there should he a bridge. Councillor MAGI: But there is none. The MAYOR: This is not on the minutes. . Alderman SMETHURST a3ked whether the Council was prept,red to wait until someone was killed before taking steps to widen the bridge. If someone was killed there they would see where the litigation came in. (Hear. hear.) What did, the Coroner say at the last inquest on a boy killed near thobridge ? He said if the person had been killed there he would have had something to say about it. and so would the people's relatives. He(Alder- man Smethurst) was determined that no blame should rest on his shoulders and if anyone was killed there,the mem- bers who opposed the scheme must take the respon- sibility. The flush of water in the river, owing. to the proposed scheme would not effect navigation in the

===== 0002601_19040109_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BRIDGE.

TO BE WIDENED 13? CANTILEVERS.

COUNCILLOR MAGINN'S COUNTER PROPOSAL

A long discussion took place in the Council Chamber at the monthly meeting of the Town Coun- cil on Tuesday, respecting a proposal of ;;the General Purposes Committee that Warrington. Bridge be widened by means of cantilevers. The matter was brought before this Committee on the 21st of Decem- ber by Alderman Smethurst and it was then unani- mously passed. Since then Councillor Maginn has brought forward a counter-proposal in Which he suggests the construction of a new bridge across the Mersey at Howley and thereby providing a new outlet into Cheshire and giving access to Victoria Park to the inhabitants at the Howley end of the town. He further suggests another bridge across the Mersey at Walton. The matter had aroused consider- able interest and the Mayor allowed the subject to be fully debated, notwithstanding the fact that the pro- posals of Mr. Maginn were not on the agenda. Alderman SMETHURST formally moved the adoption of his scheme. He would reserve what remarks he had to make, he said, until he saw what opposition there might be to his scheme. Councillor ROGERS seconded. Councillor MAGINN observed that everyone was now pretty well aware of his feeling respecting this pro- posed outlay of £4,000 or. £5;000 on the proposed footpaths to be constructed outside the existing War- rington bridge. The original estimate of Mr. Webster for constructing a footpath ift. 6in. wide was £3;047 10s., and for 10ft. £4,523 18s. There was a big differ- ence, and he felt that it was just like throwing the money into the river. They had put some of it in I already. He proposed, in opposition to the scheme of the committee, the erection of a bridge at Howley. I No matter how good, broad or gieat the bridge might be at Bridge Foot it would not be sufficient to accom- modate the traffic between Lancashire and Cheshire. He could see nothing to prevent Warrington making greater strides than any other town in Lancashire. They had the finest natural facilities of any town in the North of England, they had the best direct rail- way system to all parts, the Ship Canal was second to none on earth, and over and above that they had a tidal river as good as the Clyde was 50 years ago. (Hear,-hear.) ''Still they had been practically at a standstill, and a great deal of the stagnation was attribu- table to their niggardly means of spending money. There were many who said they spent too much, but theyspant as a miser spent and were penny wise and pound foolish. If they wished to make the town what itshould be they should encourage its growth. The tendency of the town was to grow on the Cheshire side. The town was closed in the matter of extension, so far. as Sankey Bridges was concerned. The same remark applied to Longford and he did not think Manchester road was a natural outlet.. Then in what direction could they extend? The answer was "On the Cheshire side." There they had a rising ground and a good fall and why therefore, not spend money on providing a new outlet into Victoria Park which had already cost them a.good sum of money. The original cost of the park was £lO,OOO the interest and sinking fund cost us between £3OO and £4OO per annum. He agreed that it was a wise thing to purchase the park and provide an additional recreation ground, but at present we were making very little use of it. We received as rentals £72 lOs Od, and when the hall was let it brought in an additional sum of £6O but still there was a deficiency of £266 per annum Rhich had to be made good by the ratepayers. Were they going to-pay interest and sinking fund for the next 20 years for the benefit of a future generation? He thought it would be better if we derived a little benefit ourselves instead of leaving it to those who came after us. He proposed that they construct a bridge at Howleyand open out the park as well as making a new outlet into Cheshire. The original estimate of Mr. Webster was £17,789 10s. but with the reduction in the cost of iron and steel of £1 per ton the estimate was reduced by £2,582 odd, and he contended that the structure might be erected for £15,261. Suppose it cost £lB,OOO, well to borrow that sum and the payment of the sinking fund that would ' be necessary it would burden the rates just a penny in the £. Let them compare that cost with the advan- tage the town would get in making a new entrance into Cheshire with a circular route for their tramways besides. He would, perhaps, be criticized, and some would say that this was not a time for the town to make improvements in the direction he had named, but he contended that the time to make those improvements was when things were bad, as the work would find em- ployment for the unemployed. The greatest charity they could extend to the workingman was to give him work and money for it. That was better than acting on the degrading principle of charity. However,whether he carried his amendment or not for the erection of a bridge at Howley, he should bring it forward again a month hence, and he would do all one man could to make the town see the necessity of his motion. The MAYOR : What is your amendment?

Councillor MAGI-Ns read it as follows :—"That the minutes of the General Purposes Committee of the 21st November be approved with the excention of the minute relating to the widening of Warrington Bridge." Councillor GOUGH seconded the amendment. The time was inopportune, he said, to carry the resolution referred to in the minutes. If the Corporation were called upon to alter the bridge in consequence of the effect of the alterations to the river by the Ship Canal Company, the cost of constructing cantilevers would be thrown away. He believed they ought to carry another bridge if possible or wait until they saw what difference the Ship Canal proposals would make. Councillor JA.MES EVANS said he agreed With Corm- , cillor Gough that the time for widening the bridge was inopportune. After the tramways had been inaugurated a " Bridge " committee was appointed and Alderman Smethurst was made conveuer of it. The Council under- stood that that committee would be called together to consider the bridge question thoroughly. He thought he was quite safe in saying that the committee had never been called together, and the Council had had no report tendered to them from it. Therefore, why the question should again come before the Council in the form it did without. any reason being assigned for it, he was at a loss to understand. He might remind the Council that there was a sub-committee of the Street Improvement Committee appointed to consider the , question of the advisability of. a bridge at Howley , Quay for the purposes of opening out Victoria Park and making a highway out of Lancashire into Cheshire. The Street Improvement Com- mittee considered that by a bridge there .one- third of the traffic would be relieved from Warrington Bridge, and it would also give the advantages named by Councillor Maginn. The sub-Committee had • also con- sidered the widening of Howley-lane and negotiations were still in progress. They, had been in corres- pendence with Messrs. Rylands Bros. with the object of rounding off the corner at Howley-lane, and they were proposing to make some alterations in Egerton- street. The council would therefore see that the sub-committee had already done something towards the proposed new road into Cheshire. He quite endorsed the statement that there had been no logical reason assigned why there should not be another way across Arpley meadows when they could easily obtain the land. It might be that the Council did not know how full the hands of the street Improvement Committee were in regard to the better approach to Warrington bridge on the Latchford side. They had at present two schemes which would very materially effect the widening of the bridge, but it would not be to the interests of the town or themselves to fully explain ' them. At any rate he could assure the ratepayers and the Council that the Street Improvement Committee were doing their best to ensure a permanent andsuffici- ent approach to ,Warrington bridge from the Latchford side. Further, if the Manchester Ship Canal Company carried out the diversion of the river and materially interfered with the navigation under thp bridge, he took it that that Council would see that Warrington got their "poling of flesh." (Hear, hear.) By-and-by they expected that the tramway traffic over the level cross- ings—which everybody considered a nuisance—would increase and sooner or later they would have to deal with it. When they did that, then would be the time to consider the bridge. He was told there was another motive for springing the question upon the Council. although he would not say it was true, and that was that there were persons in the town who would oppose the proposed widening because it would facilitate the natural opportunities some of them had by • the freer and better use of the river. If there was any truth in that it was sordid eo the core. Alderman SMETHURST (excitedly) : I object. think it is wrong to insinuate anything of that kind. Councillor JAMES EVANS: If you begin to jump about like that I shall begin to think the cap fits 'some- . where. (Laughter.) I did not insinuate against any- body. Continuing, he said that if there was such a sordid thing in the mind of any member of the Council he asked him, in the interests of the common good of the town, to let it drop for ever. In deciding the question they must consider the best interests of the town only, and he would ask Alderman Smethurst to leave the question over for a while Alderman SMETHURST : No, no. ' I mean to go to the vote. Councillor 3.-AMES EVANS: Then I must ask the members of the Council, in all common sense, to vote against it Ifor the time being. Continuing, he said he had had experience of the bridge for 40 years, and during that time there had not been one serious accident on it. He maintainad that the traffic on .the bridge was only what was common in the narrow streets of the town, and in the face of the things looming' before us every- where, he advised them to bide•their time. He had had some experience of. London Bridge— Alderman PiEnromr : Do you mean the one at Stockton Heath? Councillor JAMES EVANS: No, T mean London bridge and I consider that Warrington bridge will compare favourably with that. for safety. • A lderman PrEneon'T said they had had a great dis-

===== 0002601_19040109_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
lightest degree. The statement that the railway company intended to construct a new bridge across the Mersey was another bogey. Anynew bridge constructed there wont(' be whigh level bridge. Reference had been made to the want of headway under Warrington Bridge, but as a matter. of fact there was more headway at Warrington Bridge than at the railway bridge. He had the figures respecting the levels at hand At Warrington Bridge there was a clear headway of 17 feet 4 inches. If the Ship Canal proposals were carried out the low water level at Warrington Bridge would be raised by 2-1- feet which would give a clear headway at the underside of thearch of 14 feet 10 inches. The clear headway under the railway bridge was 16 feet 8 inches and at low water level under the new scheme the keadway would be 14 feet. 2 inches. It would there- fore be seen that the iron railway bridge was 8 inches lower than ‘Varrington Bridge. Councillor THolorroN asked where the cantilevers would be.

Alderman SMETHURST said they would be above the archway of the bridge and would not interfere with the headway at all.

Alderman SMETHURST (continuing) said he would like to read what was said about Warrington bridge. The MAYou, : That is not on the ;minutes. The boy was not killed on the bridge. Councillor TINNION : Nobody has been killed on the bridge.

Co-nucillor BURTON thought the Cc.uncil ought to hear what the Coroner said.

Alderman Smniii—u-iisr reading a rep9rt of the Coroner's inquiry on a schoolboy who was killed near the bridge, said the coroner remarked that if the boy had been killed on the bridge he would have hada great deal to say. He passedover the bridge many times, continued the Coroner, and he was surprisel that he was not holding inquests every week on people who met their deaths on the bridge. A tremendous amount of traffic passed over it and on the Cheshire side several roads diverged from it. He was absolutely astonished. The other Sunday he saw two lady cyclists fall on the bridge and he thought there was going to be a terrible accident.

The MAxon.-pointed out that the lad was not killed on the bridge. Alderman SNIETHURST But this is what the Coroner said.

The MAYOR: No one cares what he says. Aldermln SMETHURST (continuing) said the canti- levers could be fixed for £2,300. He knew a firm which was prepared to do it for that sum.

Councillor MAGINN : Who is your authority? Alderman SMETHURST : Your authority is Mr. Webster who prepared the plans for a new bridge. If we proceed with this scheme Mr. Webster ought to be put in competition with others for the work. Alderman HEA.TON: A Warrington man too. Alderman S ET FI U R.ST observed that someone had said that the Street Improvement Committee was going to buy property on the Latchford side of the bridge. Were they going to wait as long for the widening of Latch- ford road as they had done for Bridge-street. Let the Council decide at once to have the bridge widened. Councillor MAG INN rose to speak, but The MAYOR pointed out that he could not reply to Alderman Smethurst.

Councillor -irtiOß—yr. oN• asked how long the Street Improvement Committee would be before they knew what portion of property they intended to buy. The MAYOR: A very few weeks. , Alderman SUTTON said the committee was considering the question at once. He thought the proposal to widen the bridge should be deferred until then. The iVIA.voR: You have already spoken. Alderman Surros: Yes. I know when I speak I say something good. (Laughter). A vote was then taken as follows : FOR THE AMENDMENT. AGAINST. Alderman Fairclough Alderman Smethurst ~ • Sutton ~ Hutchinson PP Heaton Councillor Tinnion f t Bennett ~ Thornton Councillor ~ James Evans Craik - _

77 Lord Rogers Maginn " Forshaw 19 31 Wilkinson • 9, Roberts 19 Gough „ Wilson ~ Stott ~Ashcroft 2, Davies Ellison , ,t „ Brough 19 Peter Peacock Burton ~ The M IYOR then announced that the amendment was lost by 4 votes, the voting being 10 for and 15 against. The minutes of the General Purposes Committee, which included the proposed construction of cantilevers, were then agreed to.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON On GAMES AND ATHLETICS. Rugby Football.

By " Ovalist."

The Warrington men were idle on Saturday the frost lasting just a few hours too long to permit of play at Leigh and Warrington. A thaw set in earl* in the afternoon but the matches had been declared off by then: Monday, the 18th of April has been decided upon as the day for the replay at Leigh. -

St. Helene will fill their South West lAncashire fixture at Warrington on Easter Afonday, and this should.prove an attractive feature for the hiiday folks.

Play was possible at most places on Saturday where the ground had been protected. Salford were at home for the third time in succession on Saturday and they fairly rubbed it into the "gallant youths" from Batley. The latter put up a fair show for about ten minutes, but when Salford had scored they seemed to conclude that they might go through the remaining 60 minutes as easily as possible. The Reds had a glorious time and before the close they had piled up 41 points to nil. Lomas was allowed to do almost as he liked, with the result that he crossed the Batley line four times and kicked half-a-dozen goals. The spectacle must have been some coMpensation to. the Weaste crowd for the blow on Boxing Day. '

Oldham maintained the lead by a good win at Hull while Bradford smote the Widuesians cruelly. Park Avenue has been a sad ,QT mad. for Lancashire clubs this season. Leeds and Brought-in Itangers divided the p Ants at Eleadingly, so there was not much shuffling of places.

In the " Athletic News" on .llonday,ltr. J. H. Smith reviewed the progress of the League clubs during the first half of the season in which he said: Only five of the eighteen clubs have played exactly the same number of matches as they- had at the end of December last season, and it will, therefore, give a truer estimate of the situation if the comparison is made on the points lost. On this basis, Leeds are 18 p Ants better off than were St Helms (whose place they have taken) a year age,Hull Kingston lovers coming next with 12 to the goad. Hunslet have improved their position by 8 points, Warrington by 7, and Bradford and Oldham 3 e:ach, while. Keighley, although at the bottom of the class, are 2 points .better than Brig- house were twelve months ago. On the other hand, Swinton, in spite of their recent improvem-nat, are still eight points behind last year's record ; Halifax and Leigh have each dropped seven points, and Run- corn, Wigaß, and Batley six each. Huddersfield and Hull are three down, and Widnes two. Salford, with 23 points for 17 matches, are, .curiously enough exactly in the same position as last year.

He also contraSts the performances of clubs in opposition to others of their own county. It will surprise my readers to learn that on this reckoning Warrington are champions of Lancashire. They have only lost three points against teams from their own county. The tabulated results up to December 31 are :

P. W. L. D. for agst Pts Warrington ... ... ... 1 63-2'6 _l3 Salford 8 ... 6 ... 2 ... 0 75-25 ...12 Oldham Broughton Ran 9 ... 5 ... 4 ... 0 74-17 -.10 Runcorn Swinton Wigan Widnes 8 ... 1 ... 5 ... 2 21-74 ... 4 Leigh 7 ... 1 ... '6 ... 0 31-00 ... 2

rie Northern League table up-to-date is as follows For. Against. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. Pts Oldham 19.-13- 5.- 1.-20 36-148... 6 12-48_27 Salford 18...12... 5... 1...34 46-206.- 6 17-63-.25 Bradford 18...12... 5... 1...22 40.-161... 7 15-59...25 thinslet 18...12... 5... 1...23 26-124-12 17-75...25 Leeds l7-11— 4... 2...10 26 98.- 8 15-61...24 Br'ghton R lB-10- 5... 3...13 35-431...19 14-80...23 Hull K't'n 11 18...10... 7... 1...14 21— 91... 8 19-73-.21 Warrington 16....9... 5... 2...16 22 98...10 17-71...20 th lifax Runcorn 17... 8... 9... 0...21 18-- 96...20 26-118-16 Swinton Hull - 1-.14 21-- 91-.29 26-136-13 Widnes Batley Wigan . HuddershiCll7... 5...12... 0.... 9 24 90...17 32-430..10 Leigh Keighley 2_11... 3...15 8— 54...23 36-154... 7

To-day 'Warrington are at home to Hull. and they, should have no difficulty in disposing of the " All- blacks,"seeing.that they beat them at Hull early in the season. A full team has been selected, viz.: Hallam, full back; Fish, Isherwood, Dickenson, and Hocken- hall, threequarters ; Bate and Davies, half-hacks; Boardman, Thomas., Morrison, Edtaondson, Swift, Naylor, Jolley, and Cook, forwards.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW VICAR OF ST. JAMES' LATCHFORD.

institution and Induction.

The Rev. Herbert Boiseau Firth, ILA.. for over nine years senior curate at Runcorn Parish Church, was on Saturday afternoon instituted by the Bishop of Chester to the living of St. James' Latchford, rendered imcant by the death of the Rev. F. R. Pearson. There was a good congregation and the service was most impressive. Evensong to the end of the third collect was taken by the Rev. W. Scholes,the lessons being read by the Revs. W. Stanton and F. S. Thetford. The Rev. H. V. Pigot acted as chaplain to the Bishop. The service was fully choral, Mr. E. Davies presiding at the organ. In the course of anaddress the Bishop, alluding to the atten- dance of parishioners and neighbouring clergy, the work of preparation undertaken by the church wardens, and the services rendered by the organist and choir, said they were all signs and tokens of that good fellow- ship which belonged to the very idea and purpose of the Church and without which the work of the Church could not poSsibly progress Speaking to the choir, his lordship emphasised the central thought that the value of their worship and the acceptableness of their office in leading the worship of the Church must depend vitally and radically upon the fact that they must always be striv- ing to realize that they were worshipping in the presence of God, that they were speaking before God, and to God, and on behalf of God. They must remem- ber that they were not to supersede or supplant the congregation at large, even in the fmusical part of worship. Their new vicar, dontinued his lordship, had come from a good school, and had worked for a long series of years in one of the most difficult parishes of the diocese, a very populous parish so that he was quite prepared to undertake the duties of the large and growing parish of St. James'. He had been under wise and experienced guidance, and had proved himself to be thoroughly loyal and efficient and, to use the very significant words of the incumbent, a I thoroughly comfortable assistant curate. Speaking of the duties of the new Vicar, the Bishop referred to the conduct of the services of the Church. The Vicar would be ever thinking of the central thought of mae's life in God. He would pay due and reverent attention to things external, for man was body as well as soul, but he would remember that things external were quite subordinate to the higher faculties and destinies of man St. Paul taught them to view all things external, especially in their exuberance, as the rudi- mentary lessons of outward things. Therefore, a large use of outward things and rudimentary lessons belonged not to the advanced stage of religion but to the beginners in religion. Viewing the mcdter from that point of view the Vicar would learn due proportion, making much of outward things in their august simplicity but always remember- •ing that God was a Spirit and they that worshipped Him must worship Him in spifit and in truth. As a faithful and true pastor, he was sure their Vicar would lay special stress upon the care of the schools, making it his delight, as well as his duty, to be constantly in the schools, taking an interest in every branch of the work, and, of course, a very special in- terest in the central religious teaching and worship of the schools. It was impossible to lay too much strebs upon the blessed opportunity which a parish clergyman had when he was enabled to go and shepherd the little ones of the flock discreetly, wisely and affectionately in the schools more especially associated with their own Church. _

Tie—new Vicar having taken the oath of allegiance to the King, and the oath of canonical obedience to the Bishop of the dtocese, and made the declaration of assent to the thirty-nine articles of religion and the Book of Common Prayer, and also the declaration against simony, he was instituted to the cure of souls in the parish by the Bishop. The ceremony of induc- tion was then conducted by the Rural Dean of Frodsham (Canon Maitland Wood, of Runcorn), the new incumbent tolling the bell to signify to the parishioners his tak- ing possession of the Church. _

The Rev. H. B. Firth preached his first sermon as Vicar of St. James' on Sunday evening, when there was a large congregation. His text was" Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, and to-day, and for ever (Heb.xiii, 8.) When he reflected, said the preacher, that the popula- tion of the parish was 6,000, that he was single-handed, and had no clerical help, he was overwhelmed with thought of the responsibility which had been placed Upon him. He had, however, resolved, by the grace of God, to do his best. He felt that, just as in the past, the Good Shepherd had placed labourers in large and difficult parts of His vineyard, had given them strAngth to do the work, and had crowned their efforts with His blessing, so he must look in the same direction. The public were at times apt to make a mistake and to think that the clergy were the only people who were to work for God. If he was enabled to help them as parishioners, surely they ought to be able to help him, and together they might work for the promotion of God's glory during the year. The Rev. Canon Virood,writing in the" Runcorn Parish Church Magazine" says :—Mr. Firth came to us a newly ordained deacon In May, 1891. How steadfastly, conscientiously and well he has laboured until this time von blow yourselves. His very honest and conscienti- ous wish to do his duty made him the object of attack rather more than two years ago, an attack which he felt keenly,which perhaps served its purpose at the tirne,brit which you and I even now strongly resent. As is the case with most unreasonable and unjustifiable attacks of a personal nature, the result has enshrinedhim the more securely in our affectionate regard. We have trusted him, and we do trust him, and we shall feel his loss, and at the same time we congratulate the Parish of St. James', Latchford, that she will have a man, a most loyal member of the Church of England, who will have come to seek the welfare (4 its inhabitants. May the blessing of God be with him and them. In the coarse of a letter to his p,arishioners,published in this month's "Parish Magazine " the new Vicar says :—" It is at least in one respect fortunrete for me that I should take up my work amongst you at the beginning of January, for it enables me t Irough the medium of the "Parish Magazine" to wish you a Happy New Year. "A Happy New Year," if by that is meant a year's freedom front anxiety and care, is more than we can expect to have, a year blessed with a smile of God we can all have if we earnestly seek Him and strive to follow in the footsteps of His dear Son. As you are aware I was on the 2nd of January instituted to the care of souls in this parish; the presence of the Bishop of the diocese and his kind words were a great encour- agement to me in view of the responsibility which has been laid upon me and of which I run very conscious. ,At present. there are in the parish more than 11e thou- sand souls and at present I have no clerical assistance and therefore with all the earnestness I can, I ask your sympathy, zour practical asSistance and your prayers. An immense task lies before me and without the bless- ing of God and without the co-operation of many will- ing helpers the task can never be accomplished. St. James'. is a large church in a large parish; with the new year let it be our united endeavour to make the influ- ence which shall radiate from St. James' correspond- ingly large. The strain of undertaking single handed, the work of a new and large parish is to me a very real one, and for the present, qt any rate, I do not feel pre- pared to continue the week-day celebrations of the Holy Communion except on Holy-days. I run hoping, how- ever, whenever U is not an impossibility to arrange for daily Aorning Prayer at 10 o'clock.

===== 0002601_19040109_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
WELCOMING THE NEW VICAR.

Connl't in St. Jamas' Schools.

Additiorul int•m4.st w lent to a concert held on Thursday in aid of St. James' Sunday schools by the presence of the new Vic ir of the pirish (Rev. Herbert B. leirtb)lwho presided. There was' a very large attend- ance and the Vicir r3ceived a hearty welcome.

Mr. BURGESS, at. the outset, said as that was Mr. Firth's tirit appearance at a public gathering in the parish he had ben asked to sty a few worth by way of introduction. Re must confess that he accepted the invitation with considerable reluctance and much hesitation. If there was one member of the congrega- tion who ought not to hive been asked to perform thatdutylie was that one. As many of them:knew during the past five years it had fallen to his lot on some three or four occasions, either to welcome an in-corning vicar or to bid God speed to a departing one, on their behalf. He sincerely hoped he i'yould not be called upon to per- form a similar duty. Last year was an extremely try- ing one for them as a 'congregation- They lost in that year a Vicar whourt in a very short period they had learnt to love and whose death cast a gloom over the whole parish and caused a shock from which they had scarcely recovered. For nearly six months they had been sheep, as it were, without a shepherd, and naturally much loss had been occasioned to the parish in conse- quence of it. There was mach leeway to be made up. He should not like that opportunity to pass without I expressing on his own behalf, as he was sure he did on behalf of the churchwardens, and indeed of eveg3. mem- ber of the congregation, the deep debt of gratitude they owed to 11tr. Moxon, who for four months con- ducted the services in the church. His devotion and self-denial had been beyond all praise. He did not I i think t right to let that opportunity pass without expressing fully their obligation to him. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Firth had been in the parish but a very short time and so far they had seen very little of I him. But he thought he might say that Mr. Firth had I already made a favourable impression and if he (Mr. I Burgess) might venture to prophesy he would say that that impression would grow as time went on. (Ap- plause.) His belief was that they had got a Vicar, who, as their Bishop said last Saturday, would give his 1 life—by that he meant his best both of body and mind I —for the people ' of this parish. (Applause.) The parishioners were the Vicar's first care and it was to them hehad come to minister. Those who lived outside I the parish, but who were members of the congrega- tion, must not expect too much of the Vicar, indeed they could only hope to see him occasionally, Mr. Firth had come there with the fixed determination to extend Christ's kingdom in the parish, and it was the I duty of everyone who was a member of the congrega- tion to do everything he or she could to assist the loVicar. Let them !ally round him and show that what-

ever points of difference there might be between them, they were prepared to co-operate on the principle of concessien, not in the spirit of those whose fault it was to give little and take much, but in the true Christian spirit that it was better to give than to receive. (Hear, hear.) He did not think anyone would be called upon to give up any vital principle and therefore they could with perfect consistency help on any- good work the Vicar might inaugurate. The church, schools, and mission all needed their special care and attention. It was a great pleasure to those who had borne very largely the heat and. burden of the day to see some who had been lately and he said it in all charity—slack and lukewarm, re- turning to the fold. He would ask them not to let this be a mere flash in the pan, or the enthusiasm of a moment because a new Vicar had come, but to let it be a determined endeavour to take their part and do their share of the work of the parish. (Hear, hear.) Let this new year be commenced and continued with real earnest work in the parish and there would be happier times in store for them. It. only remained for him to in- troduce their new Vicar and ask them to give him a cordial reception. (Applause.) He hoped Mr. Firth's tenure of the living would be a blessed one and that he would never have any cause to regret having come to St. James' parish, Latchford. (Applause.) The Rev. H. B. FIRTH, who on rising was greeted with loud applause said he thanked them very heartily for the very kind reception which they had just given him. Their presence there that night in such large numbers was to him a very real encouragement and the words they had just listened to from one of their la. representatives was to him also a matter for great en- couragement. There was a certain number of people who imagined that to take up new work as a clergyman and to settle down in a new parish was a matter of comparative ease. But he could assure them—speaking from his experience of the last three months—that the comparative ease was absent. They little-realised what troubles and anxieties had to be ,gone through. There was, in the first place, the leaving of old friends and acquaintances who had become very dear to one, and lae could say with all truthfulness that it was a very real pain to him to sever a connection which lasted nearly ten years in his old parish. Then therewas the trouble of coming into a new house and trying to settle down las best one could. Thirdly, there was the far greater work to be undertaken, and a matter involving great anxiety and consideration, that of undertaking the I charge of a new parish. It had been to him a matter of very great anxiety indeed. Sometimes when he had been thinking of the tremendous responsibility which would rest upon his shoulders as Vicar of a large parish such at that, he had felt veryanxious indeed. He could assure them that the gathering that night and the words he had heard had been to him very encouraging. He thanked them all very heartily for, the reception given him. That gathering showed very well and plainly, the interest which they took in the Sunday schools in the parish, for he understood the proceeds of the con- cert were to be devoted partially to the prize fund for the Sunday scholars. It seemed to him that there must be a very large interest in the Sunday ochools and that in itself was a very encourag- ing thing. Mr. Burgess had exhorted them to be so good as to try and support him (the Vicar). He could assure them that he would do his very best to co-oper- ate with them. He was:certain that if they co-operated and recognised that they were in the same boat and that they had got to take a hand at pulling the oar, and if theyraade up their minds that God helping them they would do their best, then he was sure the work of the church in that parish would go forward to the mutual satisfaction of all concerned and he believed it would be crowned with the blessing of God. (Applause.) An interesting programme of vocal and instrumental music was submitted. The vocalists included some of the most prominent and accomplished local artistes and they all secured hearty receptions. Solos were sung by Mrs. A. Booth (soprano), Miss Mabel Henshall (contralto),Miss Eckersley(mezzo soprano), Mr. Arthur Griffiths (tenor) and Mr. Edward Pownall (bass). Mrs. Booth was recalled for her fine rendering of the difficult trill song" Star of the Twilight" and complieçl with"On the Banks of Allen Water." "The Chinese Love Song." was sung by Miss Mabel Henshall with a vivacity and piqueness that secured for her an encore to which she responded. Miss'Eckereley who had arranged the con- cert was also recalled for her spirited rendering of 'Angus Macdonald," which she sang by request. In response to repeated applause she saeg "Sing me to Sleep," Messrs. Griffiths and Pownall were heard to advantage in their respective solos and also sang the duet "Love and War." The instrumental portion of the programme included a violin solo by Mr Taylor, who was accompanied on the piano by Miss Taylor, and two pianoforte solos by Miss P. Houghton,. L.R.C.M. Miss Azatha Jones gave two pretty dances. and VraS encored for her graceful movements in " Taran- tella." The humour of the evening wm supplied by Mr. Hallard, whose 'sketches were a.- great success, and led to recalls. The duties of accompanist were dis- charged by Mr. A. Trow.—The proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the Chairman, the artistes, and Miss Eckersley for arranging the concert.

‘, PRACTICAL ENGINEER" ELECTRICA L POCKET BOOK.—We have received a copy of the fifth edition of this useful annual, Many additions and improvements have been introduced in the present issue. Amongst these may be specially mentioned the standards of electrical conductors as recommended by the Cable Makers Association, some additional facts in reference to conduit wiring, and some new types of electrical instruments. The contents have been carefully revised and brought up to date, and in short, no effort has been spared to add to its value and usefulness as an every-day work of reference for all engaged in electrical undertakings.

The Ship Canal Appeal Case. The appeal of the Manchester, Ship Canal Company against the decision of Nit% Justice Byrne with refer- ence to the dredging of the river at 'Warrington would, in all probability have been heard next week. By the sonsent of both parties the hearing has been adjourned until the third week of this month.

Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALKER& & CO., at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bew-ey-street, and published by theta at the same plaee,and also at The Examiner Offices,Victoria-road, WIDNES; 32, George-street, Sr. HELENS; 3, Market. street, EARLESTOWN ; Church—street, RUNCORN, JAN. 9TH. 1904.

===== 0002601_19040109_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BE WSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH.. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JANUARY 10th AT 10.30. Rev. R. WILKINS REES. Subject "Redeeming the Time.' AT 6.30. Rev. JOHN GUNNBLL. All welcome. Hymn books provided. GOLBORNE STREET BAPTIST C HURu H WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JANUARY 10th Rev. HERBERT DUNNIOO. Morning 10.45. Evening 6,30. All seats frse. Hymn books provided.

I\T IMPORTANT ..1.1 OTICE. GOLD AND bILVER WATCHES. DIAMOND AND OTHER RINGS, CHAINS, BROOCHES, PINS, STUDS, LINKS, and all other Articles of Jewellery practically AIrIVEN AWAY At the Prices Marked in the Window. Call and see for yourselves before going elsewhere. --- SPECIAL OFFER.-220t. Gold Wedding Rings sold by weight. All shapes and sizes at 6/9 "E PRIVATE WHY PAY A Large Stock of Clocks. Bronzes, Forks. and Spo ons, Cutlery. &c. by best makers, at giving-away prices. M. RUBENS, JEWELLER, &c. 4, MANCHESTER STREE r, LIVERr 00L. -- NOTE.—MONEY Advanced on all kinds of Valuables Lowest Rates of Interest. - " f_TOW TO TAKE OUT A IL PATENT."—VERY INTER- ESTING little 1300K,post free.from C. COVENTRY, C.E., 9 Tempest Hey 'by L. & Y. Station). Liverpool.

, Ilt,S ETHEL SPINKS BEGS TO ANNOUNCE that the will RESUME HER DANCING CLASSES at TM'S ASSEMBLY ROOMS, BRIDGE-STREET. ON JANUARY 13TH. For lo.vest terms apply 4, SALISBURY-STREET, W ARRINGTON. rr PARR HALL, WARRINGTON NSTO GRAND SACRED CONCERTS To-yoßßovi (SUNDAY), JANUARY 10TH, AT 3 P.M. AND 8.15 P.M. SPECIAL RETURN VISIT OE THE BLACK DIKE BRASS BAND. THE FINEST CONTESTING BAND IN ENGLAND. AoaSPiTED RV SEVERAL DISTINGUISHED VOCALISTS FOB FULL PARTICULARS SEE WINDOW BILLS. ADMISSION BY PROGRAMME.

TllE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington. QflOP AND WINDOW FITTINGS FOR ALL TRADES(brass r brOnzed):Tallors' Blocks and Dummies; Dressmakers' Boxes and Stands.—J. YATES, Wholesale and Retail Manufacturer, 21 Brownlow hill, Liverpool.

WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. President, J. CHARLTON PARR B. PARR HALL. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16TH NEXT A DANCE IN AID OF THE FUNDS OF THE ABOVE. 8 P.M. To 1 A.M. TICKETS 55, EACH. W. E. ATKIN, HON. SW.

E_ XPERIENCED Male and Female NURSES et a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES INSTITIT- Tim, Hope House, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephoae 2570 Royal. Telegraphic Address " Nurses.'

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2J- per oz, COYRRLETTH I TAILS OF t FROM HAIR FRAMBS, PURE FROM 3/6 Eixff. HAIR. 5/6 T S BROWN, 3, LERCH ST (CAR STATION). LIVBRFOOL.

W ARRINGTON INFIRMARY AND DIS- PENSARY BALL. THE ANNUAL BALL WILL DE HELD AT THE ASSRMBLY ROOM LION HOTEL. WARRINGTON, ON THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 11TH, 1904. VETTER'S BIND. DANCING TO COMMENCE AT 9 OCLOCK. Tickets : Ten and Sixpence each. can be had from Mr. P. Peary?. Bookseller, Warrington ; Mr. Hampson, Infirmary, and at the Lion Hotel.. W. PETER RYLANDS, Hon. Secretary to the Ball Committee.

ROYS YOU WANT BOOTS I'm off.ring Sixty I WANT TRADE Styles in Box Calf and Glace lii(3 atliis. 6d. a LET'S GET TOGETHER time.o ARTHUR EVANS. PosTAL f sb. ALDBRSGATB ST.. LONDON. DEPARTMENTSI 5, LONDON ROAD. LIVBRPOOL.

DRESSMAKING. COMMENCING ON TUESDAY, JAN. I.9TH, A CLASS WILL RE HELD IN CAIRO-STREET SCHOOLS, WARRINGTON. TEACHER: MISS E. WOODS. FOB FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY 10, RYLANDS-STREBT. THE BOTELER GRAMMAR SCHOOL, WARRINGTuN. OLD BOYS' UNION. e. s COMMITTEE. Chairman, J. H. SmETnunsT,Hon. Sec. etorr R. J. CHORLEY. C. p • ARKINSON. Hon Treats SEGAR OWEN, GoRNALL, M.D. A. WRIGHT. A. WarrE. W. R. ATKIN. tuThe SECOND ANNUAL DINNER in connection with above will be held at the LION HOTEL, WARRINGTON. °N.THURSDAY EVENING. JANUARY 281 s, 1904. rnmaiDENT EDWARD R. PICKMERE, ESQ., M.A. Ticket (TOWN CLERIC ON LIVERPOOL.) --a, Price 65. each (exclusive of wine) can be obtained before January 20th 1934, from JAMES HENRY SMETHURST. Hon. Sec. 113, Bew eey road, warnngton.

A. AND J. Ni'LAINE, PAN, NBROKERS, JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREBT, WHITHCHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street. and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD FIND STLVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actor Parliam en Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Clocks, Pictures, Ao.. Ac.. always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BATMAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLBILY. LADIES' and GESTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, ?cc.. Ac We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES AY POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS. Am GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to snit ,all pockets. MIAINE'S RICHMOND MEET, LIVERPOOL. GEDDESS DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered the Publle. Sold by all Grocers and Drugglsts,l Clanlstes 6d.. 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GBDDBS AND SON. LTD WaRRINGTOB ESTABLISHED 1833.

• BOLD-STREET WESLEY GUILD. THE . ANNUAL FESTIVAL WILL BE HELD IN BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHAPEL TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JAN. 10111. PREI.CHER : REV. ARTHUR T. KINNINGS (OF SOUTHPORT). MORNING, 10.30. EVENING, 6.3'i. SPECIAL MUSIC BY THE CHOIR AND OTHERS. OLD METHODIST HYMNS AND TUNES. A UNITED RALLY will be held in the Chapel on Mornuy EVENING, at 8. AU interested in work among Young People are heartily invited. Hymn Books provided.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. TRINGS,sof the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN YROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAK RR AND REPAIRER. (Pupil of G. A. Chanot) 57, RENSHAW-STREET (corner of Benson-street), —LIVERPOOL. _ NOTICE TO BAKERS AND CONFECTIONERS. Three Gob': Medals Awarded for Troughs, Moulding Tables, Bread Trollies and Racks, Bun Provers, Drawplate- Oven Tables. Store Cases, &c., all made of best well- seasoned hardwoods on castors. required by the new sani- tary act. Castors for Trough and Table legs from ss. to 251. Per set of four : Dough Dividers and Mixing Machines,Bun Trays, Peels and Rods, Window Trays. Confectionets'Ovens, Chafers, Blowers and Pipes, Sandwich Boxes, Roll Tins, Oral Cob Tine, Pie Machines. Tea Urns Moulds, Egg Whisk- ing Mamhines, Scales. Gas Hot Plates, Bowles, Ice Cream Freezers, Trucks Knives, Fancy Cake Stands. Slab Cake Tins, Raspberry Sandwich and Madeira Cake Tins, Sieves, Icing Tubes, Scone Wire Cutters, and every description of nsw shapes of Tins and Bakehouse Utensils. —M. LOWE & SONS, Manufacturers of Bakers' Tools 60 Utensils. and Complete Bakehouse Outfitters. 24. Prescot street,Liverpool. r—UNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— . THE CORPORATION ARE PREPARED TO LET the commodious and well-built House known as THE OLD WARPS, containing four entertaining rooms, six bedrooms, bath-room. w.c., butler's pantry, &c.: with the lawn.orchard. 2-stalled stable, and two coach houses, saddle room. &O. ; immediate possession can be given. Permission to inspect the premises can be obtained on application at the Old Warps Lodge. Twiner' securely fastened and addressed to the Chairman of the Finance Committee,Town Hall, and endorsed "Tender for Old Warps" to he sent in on or before the 9th January, 1904. The person whose tender is accepted will be required to enter into an agreement of tenancy to be prepared by the TOWN Clerk. Dated this 24th day of December, 1903. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Rail. Warrington.

WAR RI NGTON DRAMATIC. SOCIETY. 'FOUNDED 1847. AFFILIATED To THE NATIONAL OPERATIC DRAMATIC ASSOCIATION. PRESIDENT: WILLIAM PIERPOINT, BSQ, T. P. PARR HALL, UNDER THE DISTINGUISHED PATRONAGE AND PRESENCE OP SIR GILBERT AND LADY GREENALL. MR. AND MRS, ROBERT PIBRPOINT, &c. THREE SPECIAL PERFORMANCES. OF MR, HADDON CHAMBERS' ORIGINAL MODERN PLAY, • "THE IDLER" ON THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, JANUARY 14TR, 15TH. AND 16TH. PRocREDS IN AID oF THE FUNDS OF THE NATIONAL SOCIETY FuR THE. PREVENTION or CRUELTY TO CHILDREN AND THE CHILDREN'S LEAGUE OF PITY. A GRAND SELECTION OF MUSIC WILL BE GivEN BACH EVENING BY MRS. W. B. ROBERTS' ORCHESTRA. Orchestra stalls, (Dress) 3e ; Centre gallery, (Dress Optional) 3s ; Pit Stalls, (Reserved) 2s; Side gallery and Back gallery. is; Back of Body of Hall, Rd. Plan of Dress and Reserved seats opens to—day at Messrs. Pearsons Ltd, Bold street. Tickets for Unreserved seats can be had at the usual Places. Doors open at 7, curtain rises 7.30 prompt ; early doors for ticket holders at 6.45. Carriaues 10,30, J. W. BULLEN, Hon. Sec.

THE 14ANCHEST1fR AND LIVERPOOL _DIS- TRICT BANKING COMPANY LIMITED. ADTICE.—AN ORDINARY MEETING of the Share- nolders of toe Company will be held at the Head Office, 813 ring Gardens, Manchester, on Wanstviinav, the 20th day Vanuarv, 1804. at Twelve o'clock noon, to receive the netztort of the Directors and the Balance Sheet of the Com- PanY, as at 31st December. 1903, to declare a Dividend and elect Directors and Auditors. The Transfer Books will be closed from the 6th to the 20th instant, both inclusive. • P. 3. RAMSAY. Manager. Manchester; sth January, 1804,

COUNTY BOROUtill OF WARRINGTON.— ELKCTRIO TRAMWAYS.—TRAMWAYS MANAGER. The CORPORATION INVITE APPLICATIONS for the APPOINTMENT of TRAMWAYS MANAGER. Salary £1.20 neing by 32.10 per annilm to £l5O. The person appointed will have the management of the Tramway r Department hut his duties will not include electrical or other engineering work. Application seating age experience and present employ- mdnt with copies of not more then three recent testi- monials mid endorsed " Tramways Manager' must be sent in on or before the 18th January. Canvassing will disqualify. J. LYON WHITTLE. Town Clerk. Town Hall. Warrington. Bth januery 1904.

RUNCORN UNION. -SMALL ALTERATIONS TO LAVATORIES &c. mil" GUARDIANS INVITE TENDERS for email alter- _ one and additions to the lavatories at the Workhouse, at AL mutton n ,„,„`„reston Brook. V— . may be procured from the Architects, Messrs. Segkr Owen, Cairo street, Warrington, on deposit e 9 9 at their offices. teee Th a —ePosit tee will be returned on receipt of a bone fide hde. _Tenders endorsed " Lavatories" most reach my office. 71 Vigis street, Runcorn, not later than Monday, the 25th dannerY. 1904. The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the lowest Or any tender. By order. 71 High GEO. ASHTON, Clerk to the Guardians. street, Runcorn. Bth January, 1904.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. TO IRONFOUNDBRS, The Parr Hall Committee of the Council of the Borough of War invton is prepared to receive TRNDRRS for the supply and erection of a Verandah at the Parr Hall. Palmyra- square. Further information can De obtained at the office of the -Borough Surveyor, Town Hall, on and after Wednesday near the 13th inst, at which place tenders must be delivered be fore 12 o'clock on Saturday, the 23rd day of January. 1904. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. THOMAS LONGDIN, Borough Sur ratter, Borpugb Surveyor's Office. January. 11th, 1904,

£3OO FREE SCHOLARSHIP OFFERED BY THE CHRISTIAN WORLD. SEE THIS WEEK'S ISSUE. " THE CHRISTIAN WORLD." (PRICE ONE PENNY) OF ALL NEWSAGENTS, OR or JAMES CLARKE & CO., 13 & 14, FLEET ST., LONDON, E.C.

ALLAN LTNE.—ro CANADA, UNITED STATES. RIVER PLATE, AND INDIA. SAILINGS FROM LIVRRPOOL. PARISI AN Halifax and St John N.B.Jan 14 DAMARA St. John's N.V. and Halifax Jan. lg CITY OF MANCHESTER... Calcutta Jan. 19 PRRTORIAN Pfaliffix N Q. MONTRVIDEAN—Monte Video and Buenos Ayres....lan. 23 OCEAN RATES—To Canada, Saloon from Ell. Second' Dahin. £7 108.: Third Class £5 £CB. To India, £37 10s.and £27 10s. For full particulars apply to ALLAN'EI. 103,Leadenhall 1 treat London. R.C., and 19. James-street. Liverpool.

P OCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The relPbrated effectual IFIOOPING COUGH cure without interna HOOFING COUGH medicine. HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4q. per t ottle. S)le Who Peat. BRONCHITIS Agents : W. EDWARDS SON. 157, Queen Victoria CROUP Street, London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

TE6TH _FUR Hit At lessethan half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class A RTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed • MACDONALDS PAINLESS SYSTEM A Household Word, MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and quality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 432. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfullv, painlessly adjnsted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says: Intermediate prolita abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, • 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS-1 to 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCII-ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M. k.,TEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO. LIMITED. BASNBTT STREET, LIVERPOOL. HALF YEARLY SALE oF SEASON SURPLUS STOCK.. TFIIS &8D FOLLOWING O%XS, RICH SILKS AND DRESS MATERIALS. MILLINERY, MANTLES & COSTUMES. HOUSEHOLD LINE :I AND DRAPIIRY, HOSIERY, GLOVES. U BRELL4S, FANCk GOODS, TRAVELLING TRUNKS Icc. ALL AT. UREAT REDUCTIONS IN PRIOR. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND Co. LIMITED. BitSNETT STREET. LIVERPOOL.

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. BgTAB. HARGRAVES' CIGARS 70 • YEARS. HARGRAVE'S' CIGARETTES. istusurikeloßY : vRA.N-rRICRT. MANCIIIRSTR}I.

MAGBEL RAZORS FOR EASY SHAVING. SHEFFIELD MAKE WARRANTED, ' POdT FREE 35., 4s. 6D . 2 AND 6s. 6D. J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. CUTLERY :GROUND. ESTABLISHED 1872. JOHN SHAW & SON, WATCHMAKERS & JEWELLERS. 52, MARKET ST. 1 MANCHESTER. J. SHAW and SON invite inspection of their Splendid Stock of GEM RINGS, from 20s. to £lOO. GOLD BROOCHES, from 6s. 6d. BRACELETS, from 12s. 6d. and Long GUARD CHAINS from 355. J. SHAW and SON'S Speciality :—Gent's High-class ENGLISH LEVER WATCHE9, 18ct. Gold, from Ell lie. Silver from 31.. 61., special value. Large assortment of Solid Silver and Electro-plated Goods, suitable for Wedding and other presents, etc. LADIES SOLID SILVER and GOLD WATCHES from 355. Guaranteed timekeepers. COMPARE OUR PRICES WITH THOSE OF SO-CALL:ZD WHOLESALE HOUSES. TELRPHONE No. 5267,

ROBERT I OWE. ESTATE AGENT, A.UCTIONERR, 84 VALUER Office and Salerooms : No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 65. DA9H ADVANCED ON GOODi DEPOSITED FR SALE. New and Second-band Fornitnre and ottp,r Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Ins pectiou invited Furniture, &c.. warehoused.

Ao. ss-> J. & W. DUTTON'S SALE IS NOW BEING HELD. THE MILDNESS OF THE SEASON HAVING LErr THEN' WITH LARGE STOCKS GREATER BARGAINS THAN EVER BEFORE WILL BE FOUND IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. 16, 18 & 20, SANKEY STREET. WARRINGTON. "(5). 'ov> /

PATENT "PEVERIL" FIRE GRATES. THE MOST CHEERFUL FIRE EVER INTRODUCED. POSSESSES MANY ADVANTAGES OVER THE ORDINARY STYLE OF GRATE. JOSEPH S GARLAND INVITES INSPECTION AT THE SHOWROOMS. 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE STREET WARRINGTON. LARGE STOCK OF WOOD CHIMNEY PIECES IN OAR, MAHOGANY, WALNUT ETC.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOLE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVESING SUOET IMMENSE dVARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

J. M. GREENHALGH & CABINET MAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS & DECORATORS, 38 & 140, BRIDGE STREET WARRINGTON, 3EG: TO INFORM THE IPUBLIC THAT THEY WILL HAVE 'ON StiOW DURING NEXT !WEEK A VERY FINE SELECTION OF DINING-EOOM, DRA WING-ROO vi AND BED-ROO F URNIT URE, SUI'LES RANGING FROM £9 UPWARDS. INSPECTION CORDIALLI INVITED.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERIIXIL, FRAtati MAKER AND PRINT BELLER. A Large Assortment of Premed Pictures, stiltablecfor Wedding and Birthday Presents, S.:boo' Prizes, 3tc. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PIIOi'OGY.APHS tor Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continenkal Galleries.

EDWIN PRY,OR AND SON. 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, eJ E W ELLERS, SI LVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (BY ALL TEE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OF EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PBS ONT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old al)! 4 and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in !exchange. MoLey advance Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, Ao., to any amount at low rates of Interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE. 2061.

JosEpll WOODWARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OP WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO. B. W ADSWORTH, SOLE AGENT FOR THE WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF • JOHN BROAD WOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 59, SANKEY-ST.. WARRINGTON.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES ALLSOPP'S KILD•Awn BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S H " 'IZTTER4. ITHBATLErS eINGHE BEER. To be had In CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM! WIEWIOIE ROAD. WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HMI/ CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET.I

T. CLARKE, "EXAMINER" :OFFWE, EARLESTOWN, Has always in stock a GOOD ASSORTMENT of FANCY GOODS, ALBUMS (Photo and postcard) also PURSES &c., and Stationery in general. Agent for Diaries, 19)4, by different Publishers. Your patronage wll be much appreciated. NOTE THE, ADDRESS, 33. MARKET STREET. BARLESTOWN.

PICTURS POSTCARD EXCHANGE FOR 6D. POSTAL ORDER WE SEND NAMES AND ADDRESSES OF 25 PERsONS WILLING TO EXCHANGE PICTURE POSTCARDS WITH YOU. INTERNATIONAL PICTURE POSTCARD EXCHANGE AGENCY. KING'S HEATH. BIRMINGHAM,

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. INVALUABLE FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA AND ALL KINDRED AILAIENTS. This oh+ and tried remedy has stood the test of two generations. REFUSE be put off with a SUBSTITUTE the ORIGINAL can be had of ALL CHEMISTS if you let it be seen that you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAMES 15410., 2s. 9d., 4s. 6D., THE PRICES.

Rlpaid weekly on investment of £4O. Interest and Capital guaranteeti.—Particulars E. W. CAMERON. Gainsborouitti.

11XPBCTATIONS UNDER WILLS, or Life Interests .U.. 1 bought-. or advances rnAde. No charge unless business results; adviee'free ;Life Policies purchased.—KsiowLEs,[s7A, Dale street, Liverpool.

DIWBBSIONS.—AII classes of Reversions bought; quick 11., completions ; loans arranged at IHyr rates Mortgage securities wanted at 31 to 41 per cent.—T. SMITH WOREILET. 26, Cooper street, Manchester.

LONDO NT and PROVINCIA.L LOAN Chi.. 465. MARKET STREET. MNCFIERTRR. are prepared to make advances to all classes on easy and convenient conditions. Strictest privAcy guaranteed. Letters promptly attended to; distance n^ object

--- MONEY LENT PRIVATELY. IV! A YOUNG GENTLEMAN. knowing the diffi ,ity in obtaining PRIVATE CASH ASSISTANCE, and having large uninvested fends, is desirous of lending sums of £5 to £I.r:CO to Tradespeople. Farmers. Pub,icane, Lodging-house Keepers. Jobmasters. Medical Men. Ciergymen, Manager., Foremen, Clerks, Ladies and Gentlemen. No loan ofiiice forrnalties. Distance no °hint. Letters answered at once, and the actual lender will call with the cash. Special terms and immediate attention to apolicants from Warrington and Cheshire. Why get sureties. pay heavy interests. and large instalments. when you can borrow at reasonable rates, C. RUSSELL BAQ, 64, Bickerstaff street. St. Helena,

NO FEES ! NO FINES! : NO PUBLICITY !! AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY .Zin STRICTEST PRIVACY to all respectable House- holders. Trade.people. Farmers, and all I ersons worthy or Credit, without sureties or bondsmen. "on simple promis- sory note only." at reasonable Interest and easy repayments to suit all classes. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to THE OillISHItiE ADVANCH Co,, 13. Legh-street, Sankey street, Warrngton also at 16, Greenwood-street. Altriricham. He,tel Office : 59.Brunswick- street, Hightown, Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attitified to.

LOANS GRANTED DAILY, ANY DISTANCE, FROM ,t 5 TO XLOOO FOR ANY IMMEDIATE WANT, BITSINKS3 OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or star tog new business, on simple promissory note. No lines. All applications immediately attended to. Apply in confid- ence, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAI'T 45 PAPKFR SITRF,Er. 'WARRINGTON. S PErIAL TERMS TO FARNIHRS.

MON KY ! MoNF.Y MuN £5 TO £lOOO, ill To mach and everyoae a heirty in citation is offered before going e!sewher to call or writ. to m. in con- fidence and convince yourlelf that mine is the lowest interest and lowest rate of repayment in 'Ragland. The entire charge £5 to repay £5 65. Od £lO to repay £l2 Os. Oci. £2O „ £24 Os. Oct. £4O £4B Os. Od Larger sums proportionately No .b ona-fide application refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once to J. JRNNINGS (orirate house), 9. ACADRVIY--;.T., WARRINGTON. No delay. St.lctest prirscv whether business done or not. Cash delivered on day of application. Distance no object.

I 5 BUNS AID

You. can make . - 15 large, light, • • delicious 13un3 for a total cost of d. from ald packet of • Eiffel Tower BUN FLOUR I

I Altl .it• '44'17 4 - • ~,,,.. - 01 1 2., • - B‘,-i,' P. z. 4., - ( _,..., -,....A.,,,..,, (Are tfe tust i .• , ,n A value IN . \..p,, ';'l.-A). ert[ilN Cr , o,lx, . obatmbtt. , ort. ''.- . GOOD (.9'4-. 5110iCe3 A fi-i'raltJj- k-a.) , ,C 4-441:2:1 . .Pelvair , 619 per box (450 ir 1 1 / , I I/ k \., I 1 ''.. • 1 t Av: iSS B1(O5 LP COVENTRY i

AGHNTS Josepli Beswick, Horsemarket St., WARRING rox. W. SHAW Jun. Top Locke, Runcorn. S. JBA.VONS, 21, George St., St. lieiens. R CULSHAW, 38 Buricough St., Ormskirk. AND OF ALL ToBAC3ONI3T3.

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY AND FIRE PROTECTION of COUNTRY IYIANSIONS.. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements. WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS: MERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

Marvellous TALKING MACHINES

Established 1845. Tel. 1124. MANCH t-STER. k . S iPITTS'S FURNISHING GUIDE Has gained the approval of over fifty different newspapers and thousands of wide-awake Postp fiii customers. The keenest buyers 800 always consult it, as it contains ~ctreede Designs. GRATIS, _ -L-4 Cash Quotations only. Easy Payments Payments so per cent, extra. g Yr London Rd. Bc Caythorn. PIICCJIMOCINICCOA PITJASLUTFOOCRE REX-PEN MONEY is .e‘trgAeclit Le Tn el; ga I IrD to far SURPASS any other furnishing stock hereabouts, but this time we have certainly eclipsed former records. In addition to almost every cnnceivable design in what may he termed" everyday goods" set out in the usual style, we are showing what cannot possibly be seen elsewhere, whether at high class or lower class establishments, that is, THIRTEEN SPECIM sk7 FURNISHED ROOMS, ranging in price from / about 6up to 125 Guineas. These are on view at London-. road only. PITTS'B SPECIMEN FURNISHED ROOMS are " rooms " in the proper sense of the word, not simply small spaces rartitioned off. No, uori are full Area, just as they would appear in a large residence, and are artistically riecorated In keeping with the articles and fabrics therein. They show AT A GLANCE how best to lay out any particu- lar sum, and ought certainly to be seen by all about to furnish irrespective of the amount of expenditure contemplated. ' PITT-6,s MODEL FURNISHED HOUSE compriles Dining, Drawing, Three Bedrooms, Kitchen, and Scullery, equipped throughout, EVERY MING QUI CB NEW, guaranteed, for 200 Guine ',la a marvel for the money It is not excelled anywhere at 50 per ceht. more. pIT TS'S EXPERIENCE CONSIDERABL °I PLEASURE in showing visitors, whether buying or not, through the above, as they invariably favourably impress all who see them. We like to know that our efforts to pla•fle tasteful and rdiable wares within the reach of the leanest Ptirselare fully appreciated,and should greatly esteem YOUR. Opinion thereon. pITTS'S FAR-FAMED HOUSES OF FURNI- .... TURE at 15+, 221. 281. 581, 50, 75, 103, 200, up to 2,030 guineas, are at their price the BUST THAT MONEY CAN BUY. The selection of articles, their Quantity and Quality, .cannot possibly be surpassei. They represent the some of comfort, good taste, and economy. fryll particulars post free. . PlTTs's PI &NOS. CYCLES, B kSSINETTES, MAIL CARTS, Lamps, Mina, Glass, Earthenware, Table Billiards. Bagatelle, &c. Magnificent selections. SAMUEL P/TTS, MANCHESTER. LONDON ROAD ( P.M wick and Lougalght Care). GAYTHORN (all City itoad Cars pass doors).

FOOTBALL. BUSetSrßuleit'eSlOßTetitilLvil e a,curate, excellent wnotirfikcatulalivatoinp: superior finish, bit. £4 10s., 61t. £6.155., 71 t. £7 ss. Obtain from local agent the Special Catalogue of GEoRGE G. BUSSNY & CO., Billiard Manufacturers, London.

LIALVA.NISED SHEETS, 6fc, by 2ft. 9in. Is. sd.—AxeLo- k_i QUEEN WISHER CO., Pontypool, OLESKINS, dressed specially for Muffs, Stoles. Src, 6s iNk dozen.—rums. Furrier. Chard. (10BSETS at makers prices. from 23, 64. -DIRECT CORSET bUPPLY, 56, Fairbridge road, London, N. I,,ZILVER-BACKED Hairbrush and Comb. 12s 6d; Mirror, O 155.—OwEN. Pawnbroker. 4, Lower Briggate. Leeds. C.II3ICD PO CATORS.—King Edward VII. and Northern Star for Sale. cheap —BuTLER. 3 West Villa, Scotter. Lincoln

P.cOulliG to Perfection ; crude work covered ; colours I. outfits, machines soId.—BURCHETT. 98 Waterloo Road! Lond6n.

LA.:VIRG AWAY, Ph mograpb Record Revivers, for a short time only, send stamp to.—SPoxs, Arley Grove, Armley, Leeds. HBARTHRUGS. —Scarlet Wool Fringe, direct from the manufacturers, 121 6d. —HARGREAVES, 23, Argyle Place, Leech.

f RARDFATIIRR CLOCK, splendid condition, good timeke.per, sacrifice 60s. ; bargain.-0., 101 Tranmere road, BArlsfield. - - - - A 4 ATOM STRIKING PIN PRNDA.NTS, (silver), set Is. 131. free sample 21. PENDANT DEPOT, 92, Freedom roast, Walkley, Sheffield. 1(1 AGtiNv 2e:ea t Cura- IYI road. Hull. _ _ CIASH.- Any sum utilised to produce good profits. No agents.-D., Box 1608 ClO, SHARROW & THATCHER, West street. London, W.C. - - rs SOUTH-SEA Arrows, 11. 6d. ; Bow, 2s. ; War Shield, 6s. 6d. ; boomerang, 3s. 6d.; African Spear, 2s. 6d.- 77 BRIXTON HILL, London.

QTARTLING OFFRR.—Five Colonial Life and Sporting 0 Novell, published at 68.,sent post fres for 3s.—WEBSTER, 68 Woodhouse lane. Leeds.

HEUMATISM, CERTAIN COHN, hundreds relieved I.t, after all remedies fail;send is. for sa nple bottle, MEd. W u.sos, Bodmino, Bastbourne. PHONOGRAPH and six Moulded Records sent csrriage paid to any address on receipt of P.O. for 9s. 6d.—A. G. BARWELL, Privett, Alton. Hants.

AT AGNIFICENT China Tea Service, 13s. carriage paid, .I.T_L makes beautiful present, —laEuitGE PEAKE. 53. Lime street, Tunstall, Staffordshire Potteries.: CABACTERS. characters very carefully delineated from any photograph, send P.O. shilling, PRoFEBBoit SEY- MOUR, 3, Melton road, S. Tottenham, N. HAND SEWING MACHINE, Du-it-well, 375, cash, latest improvements, sent on approval, WIRD*B Cash stores, Nechells Park road, Birmingham.

BAL SHRTLAND SHAW LS, all kinds, from ss, 108. 15e, and 20s upwards. On approval.—Bliss A. Zd, Ain; 4, Queen'o Lane, Lerwick, Shetland. QP.II,CIAL BOX containing 1 Standard phonograph, doz. 1,.) records, 1 electric magic lantern, 12s. 6d. —J. BROCKLE- BANK, 47, Lonsdale road, 111illom, Cumberland.

I ION'T GO BALD.—Prescriptlon of French Court Hair, dreseer, cannot fail. Produces laxuriant hair in few days, 16 King Edward road, Covent') . -- - PPLE TRBES.—A. few three-year-old Lord Grosvenor. /11 Stirling Castle, and Eclinville Apple Trees oa Sale.— Apply to JOHN PIMELRY. 31aghull. near Liverpool.

r ARM! assortment of New au' Second-hand Leather Suit, _LA Cases. Cabi,. Truaks,Portroanteaus, and Bags to be sold cheap.—WENTER, 107 Charing Cross road, London. TS your Razor blunt? bend it with 9 stamps to The Incom . parable Razor Sharpener, 40 Churton street, Belgravia, London; it will te returned la condition equal to new.

'eVHAT! your Kettle's furred? then try a ' Vitatite Auti-Incrustator ; purifies water, collects sediment postage 6d.--ziftLoC, 44, Albert road, South Tottenham.

tt Poet free, Ladies' Stylish Steel-tube Umbrella. S. IJD. livery purchaser presented with pretty lace. trimmed Handkerchief.—SLADE. Draper. Mortlake, S.W.

D HU BARB ROOTs.—Bariy red variety, very prolific. suit- able for fotcing, 2s. doz 14s. 103, planting size, 53 for 31., 100 56.—A. GOoDWLN, Market Gardener, Ponders .find,N. TO BOOKSHLLERS AND OTHRHI, successful hurnoron. I book, 6d, remnant of !mu., about 1,010, for sale obeli). Apply " HoLNills DALB PR gss," 47, Fleet, strmet, London,E.C.

SUM:IIOAL APPLLANOSS.—Price 110 and Assorted Samples Is post free, and free from observation. Agents required.—LomDas INDIA-RUBBER Co: 68 Webber street, London, S.R nOW to make a eat or dog do as you wish, no need of whip or call, bound to do as you desire. Secure Ibis secret by sending is. P.O. to GoDWIN, 9 Parrhu:st,Osmers Hill, Wadhurst, dussex. QMART SHIRTS, actually tailor-made; lit arid style beyoni reproach ; every skirt made to customer's measurements ; price 6s. 6d.; lovely patterns free HAWDING, Retiord. Notts.

11.4•LLALINIL 'DMUS, liklna May. Mabel Love, use Mark- l. 1 seliVyns extraordinary Retanaphthol Soaps. Three shilling tablets, 2s. 6d. Salaried representative required.— ItUosELL COMPANY Tottenham.

gg PAIR WBBK, piano-tuning. How to become a com- e./ pelent tuner in six months; book containing neces- sary information, is. id. post free. —lltisslCks & Co., 12 St. Augustine's road, Belvedere, Kent. Y(HMG 31101, by using my marvellous preparation you can grow a soft glossy moustache in a few weeks. I will 'tend box in plait, wrapper for is. postal order.—HERBERT WARD, 14 Thornhill road, Croydon.

L'LBOTRIO POOKBT LAMP.—N, • 3,' is. 3d.; No. 4;' 1-'• Triple Battery, Is. 6d.; No. • 5.' Nickel case with bulle.ey e reflector. 2s. lie pins, 31. ; refills, 10d. ; all posti free. (P.B ), DELAMORE, Littleport. 2 ft Post frea slarvellous Value. Pair Black or Grey S. liD. Corsets. Three large Hemstitchee Handker- chiefs, 1 dozen Torchon Lace, a lace-trimmed Handkerchief presented free.-:•SLADE, Draper, Mortlake. _ _ _ t‘f -11i1MP.30." The most wonderful HAlit TOXIC ever discovered. Deveated an i used for 30 yetrs by well- known physicians. Large triAl b We 12 stamps.—CßlmPso COMPANY. 27 Pembridge ro4d, London. W.

SOAILBORO' ROYAL SIMNBL °ATM.—Send P.O. for is 8d to WALLIs t BLIEELEr, Cake speclslists, Scar- borough, and you will receive a dainty and unique Scarboro Royal Simnel Cake carefully_ packed in a box. ALL INTBRBSTED IN FERTILISHRS should read, " Manures,—their sources, composition and applica- tion," post free, Is 6d from the author, B. WIGHTMAY BELL, F.C.S., District Agricultural Analyst, Spalding. QPBOTA.I, OPPORTUNITY,—Xmas presents. Ceylon 0 MoOnstone jewellery and unset stones, jacinths, jargoens. aquamarines, tourmalines, sapphires ; small regis- tered box Fenton approval.—Apply by letter only, lbady M., 7, Barkston Gardens. Lon& n, .W.

I.NDIGiSSTIObI.—The aIiiIDLCAL dlSFUitail SULIIS 4Y will send FREER to all appli2ant3 an excellent BOTANI GUMS for Indigestion. Biliousness. Liver Complaints. Piles, Rheumatism, Gout, and Bronchitis.—Address • The SECRE- TARY (Dept. 19), BOTANIC INSTITUTE, NottintrhaT/I. - teJOOOO At from 3i per cent to be Advanced hW , on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds in sums to suit borrowers in any pats of toe country. —J. W READER, 5 Cook street, Liverprol. Telephone 5182

A DVI4I3TISING Combined and Productive. Alvertise ments inserted in t.l) good provincial ffewsospers. with guaranteed Circulations, giving unrivalled publicity, from 45. 6d.—Prospectus and Testimonials free Address " NEWs- PAPFR CORPORATION," 47 Flee' street-, London sue.

ELECTRICITY I—Everyone interested in this science should orocure the "'Practical Engineer' ELECTRI— OAL Pocket Book and Diary for 1904. Price is. 2d., post free; in leather, gilt edges. is. Bd.—TECHNICAL PUBLISHING CO (LTD.) 287, Di.ansg.te,Manchester, and all Booksellers, 11DMUND B. DAMN. St. Paul's Building., Sheffield, ili earnestly solicits your patronage on behalf of linglioh Industry.—Razors, ii., 1.. 91., 25., 21. 6d., and 3s. each SCISSORS NAIL or BUTTONHOLN.Is. 3d.pair ; CUTTING; OUT or EMBROIDERY, is. 3d., is. 6i., 1.. 9d. and 2s. pair; FISHERMAN'". SCISSOR., (useful present), Is. 6d. pair; LADIES' POCKET KNIVES, la. 3d., is. 9d., 2s. and 2s. 64. each.

ir"THOTIGHTPUL MAN always buy. "OLD Hxs.DiNG ABBEY" WHISKY, because, although it is only 425. per dozen, carriage paid, be knows that it is Better Value than more expensive Whisky in Age, Quality, and, more import- ant still, Purity. The Sole Proprietors. BUTLER A Sorra, Old Reading Abbey Whisky Stores. Reading (who have been established here since 1830). will send a single Bottle (Scotch or Irish) carriage paid for you to try on receipt of 3s. 6d. Our registered trade mark is a view of Old Reading Abbey, and like our Whisky. represents Great Ave.

A LeitittUtt. 18 an tB3oatillat. ot Llrb : so is a /A. 11.11tIRKET of ENGLISH LABOUR! WORKMAN'S USRFUL, KNIFIC is. and is. 6d. each; WORKMAN'S EXTRA bTRONG KNIFE. 2e. and Zs. 6d, each; WORK- MAN'S LOCK-KNIVESJ blade, 2s. ami 21. 6d, each; GENT'S POCKET-KNIVES, is 3d., is. • 9e.,26.. 2s. 6d. and 38.64. eiv!la . • SMOKRR'S KNIVIN 4s. 64., 55.4nd 6s. each ; LADIRS' FANCY KNIVES, 4. 51. and 7e. 64. each; SPORTSMAN'S KNIVES 2e. 64 , 3r. and 4s. each; BOYS KNIVES is., is. 3d., is. 94.. Zs. 64. ac. each; DESK KNIVES (for office use) 64. and Is. each. Postal ordere.— EDMUND B. DIKIN, St. Paul's Buildings, Norfolk street, Sheffield.

I, A BSOLUTBLY SOUND but very cheap PROPRRTISS LI for immediate SALK for cash : A grand Block of Flats, W.O district. producing nearly £3OO a year profit for 62 yearsovill be sold outright for £l5OO, pAying nearly 20 per cent , without a mortgage or charge of any kind; the cheapest lot la Lond an. Splendid Block of Weeklies, at Peckham, producing about £550 a 3 ear clear, for 71 years; price £3,500 right out; no mortgage. Cheap Bstate at Canning Town ; about £BO clear, for 73 years to run ; price £425 right out; will allow £2)U at 5 per cent, per annum if desired. House, R.C. district, producing about £45 per annum clear, far 77 years; price £195, right out. Two Houses at Malda Vale, producing about £l5O a year clear; price £295 right out; no mortgage. Buyers call or write 4 George street, opposite Gower street Metropolitan Rly. Station, or Telephone 396 King's Cross.

fiROCKERY CRATES from 10s. Price lists free.— BENNETT, Royal Victoria Works, Shelton. Hanley. rinvaLvß GRAMOPHONE RECORDS 7in. 12s; 10in 1 2s 6d each sound box be, concert 10s. SAUNDER 9, 60, Kendal street, Carlisle. BARGAIN.—Battery, with Medical Coil, in neat case; guaranteed to cure paralysis and nervous complaints. - Address 9, ALDER STREET, Seaforth.

QIGNS AND LETTERS of every dPscription made to order by E. R. LATHAM, Glass Decorator and Sign- maker, 89, Renshaw street. Liverpool. TADIES.—Seud for 3 pairs splendid black Stockines, post free Is 2d. worth double; bankrupt stock.—FRANK MARRow, 337, Haydon's road, Wimbledon. % ATRINIONIAL POST," sealed sd; with circular 9d. LVI established quarter of a century.--EDITOR, "M. Post," 12. traftlgar Buildings, London, W.C. DLACKPOOL.-ON SALE, HOUSE, North Shore. four bedrooms, two entertaining room., wash-house,pantry; mortgage arranged.-44. CAasHALTox ROAD

FARMERS,—The WARRINGTON GAS DEPART- " MINT have 100 tons SPENT LIME ON SALE, at 11. 6d, per ton.—LoNoFoßn GAS WORKS, Warrington.

11-11 P POTATO and Cook Shop FITTINGS, every variety V Champion Ranges. Potata Peelers. Shop on Wheels 116 page List free.—MAßßor a. Poland stritet. Manchester.

SUF FEREliti fron Eczema or other skin troubles ; send postcard to FULLER, Dept. 86,Chernisc. Norwich ; or free bottle of Dr. Newton's Non-fireasv Eczema Cream : sure cure

FRETWONK OUTFIT.—Frame, Saws,Outtiag Table,Rule, Hammer, Drill, 3 Files, Design and Catalogue 3s. post free ; Catalogue 3d.—Sy ER Co., 45 Wilson At. London,H.O.

1) LOCK of COTTAGIN. City road. Httlme ; shows over 101 _I) per cent after chief, in splendid repair, recently paintea ; in great demand.—WlLLls. Cambridge rd, Southport_ QUPICRFLUOUS Hair Removed Successfully by Blec- k) trolysis ; Moles and other:DisfiAuring Marks.—Miss WHITEHEAn, Ogden's Chambers, 97, Bridge-st., Corner of Deensgate, Manchester. 10,000 LArelifygfolTeAdßiLnEshaNpAe PofiCll7l,lleyielesttr.. is 6d a dozen, including carriage.—SALVAGE BUYER. 180.13) Yew Grove, Cricklewood London. \IV ATISRPROOF COVEIRS, same material and pliable a; railway sheets, 121 t. by 9ft., 12s. :15ft. by 91t.. is. ; and any size at Is, per sq. yard. with lashes; riish returned; If not approved.—HENßY 3. GAS9ON, Rye.

• ‘,ZTER.ILITY in women ; its anuses and curative treatment. 1,7 By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women, A New Edition just published, post free 3s Bd. London.— SHELLEY & Co. LTD, 38, Gracechurch-street, -1- 00K !-4.000 Pairs New Military Bluchers ; sewn very _IJ best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size, post free for 51. 6d. per pair ; money returned If not approved of. —H. J. GASEIoN, GovernmentiContraetor, Rye. 'VETTING. BITING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, 11 Ring Nets Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.THomee Jolixsores, Net Warehouse Corporrtion-street, Manchester.

FRRB TRBATMBNT OF BOILS, BAD LIMB, ECZEMA. QUICKLY cured by celebrated CIRTAP PILLS and OINTMBNT.—TrIaI boxes free on receipt of penny stamp.—PATRICK. Dept. 70. 341. Harehllis avenue, Leeds.

WATERPROOP CA e siza.csaitsble for cyclists or men exposed to the wet, ahrnen, &c., arms free, yet covered from the weather, post free for 3s. cash returned if not approved of.—ti. J. GASSON, Govern ment Contractor, Rye.

THORN' QUICKS, oral leaf privets (lft to 6ft) ; Fruit I Trees in great variety;Roses,Ornarnental Trees, Shrubs, Evergreen Ivies, and other Climbing Plants. All of the finest quality and very cheap. Catalogues free.—ROBERT HODSON, Manor Farm Nurseries, Cup-late Penwmtham. -- rro BE SOLD.—Farnworth. near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lanaashire Manure Co. with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HOIICING, -16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool. TO TAILORS AND MERCHANTS ONLY.—Out new 1. Winter Patterns of Tweeds, Coatings, Overcoat., Rain- proofs /cc. are now ready. Newest Styles and Bert Value in the Trade. Patterns Free. Parcels Carriage Paid. —Apply early to A OLIPHANT and Co., Manufacturers and Merchants 133 Trontrate, Glasgow.

TABLE OIHLERY of Sheffield fifanufactn re. Will give 1 you satisfaction !" DESSERT SPOONS OR FORKS 3s. 3d half-dozen ;TABLE FORKS or SPOONS, 4s. 64. half- dozen; TEA SPOONS 3s. dozen, is. 9d. half-dozen • DESSERT KNI VHS. 3s. 60. 48. and 6s. half-dozen; TABLIi KNIVES, 4s. 6d., 61. 6d. and Se. half-dozen. Please order white or dark handles. IVORY TABLE KNIVRS 255., 30s. and 355. dozen; IVORY DESSERT KNIVES, 20s. 225. 6d. and 255. dozen. Any of the above carriage paid on receipt of your Postal oIden—EDMUND B.DAJCIN, St. Paul's Buildings,Norfolk street, Sheffield.

gototitS, t tififittOcit43, eft. VIM, CHIPS, and PAS Business, with Gas Engine.— .1: 12, CROOK STREET, Radcliffe, near Manchester.

A RE you Buying or Selling a Business? Quick results guaranteed. Any locality. Established 1875.—Write NEAVEB, 45 Finsbury Pavement. B.C. UOR SALE, good Chip and Fish BUSIN ESS, doing be- tween 7 a*,d 8 Bags weekly. Giving up business through ill-health. —Apply Foaci, 128, Chapel-lane. Wigan,

TO PARTIES WANTING A SOUND BUSINESS IN LIVERPOOL. BR ° " AN D C 0 . , ACCOUNTANTS. TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS, AND VALUERS. ESTABLISHED 1875. WILL BUY, SELL, OR VALUE ANY CLASS OF BUSINESS, STOCKS, OR MACHINERY, WILL FIND YOU A PARTNER WITH TO £5OOO, NO SALE, NO CI. ARGE. 34. SOUTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

tog anteD.

TRAINED MATERNITY and SICK NURSE Disengaged. —Address NunsE, 5, Newfield, Lymm. TEMPORARY NURSE Wanted at once—Apply to the 1 MATRON, Isolation Hospital, Warrington, --- WANTED Steady THAMSMAN to live in or out. —Apply to THOMAS MARTLAND, Stags Head Farm, Aintree.

4 h COACHMA.N. 34, married; 81 years last pines, ; left throughideath.—lUTcLlFFE Southworth Cottage,Wigan -- WANTED.—Original Stories (any length).—PususHEß, 68 Mandeville street, ()lepton, London, N. En- close stamps. WEEKLY in spare time, male or female ; no risk; 1. send stamped envelope for particulars.—MANAGEß, Victoria Buildings, Bury.

MI.A.N WANTHD, £2 weekly and commission; regular employment; experience unnecessary.— Address ACME SURFACE CO.. Blackpool.

ANTED, JUNIOR CLERK, wages about 101.. good prospects for smart youtti.—Apply Box, No. 30 •` Bxaminer " Office, Warrington. WANTRD PARTICULARS Homes for Guests, Invalids. Children. Apartments, Houses.—WALLACE & Co., 68 Cbariwood street, Belgravia, London.

HOME WOdK. Earn money with the quickest. simplest and latest improved Harrison Knitter, lists free.- 48-112. UPPER Bnoox sickEET, Manchester.

DOSTAGii STAMPS.—Wanted to purchase old Jingßah or Foreign stamps, loose or collections,good price given,no dealers.—CoLLECToß 58. Granville Park, Levrisham,London.

riCriool4l3oYrl, AUBDIrd REQUIRBO, liberal commission, deposit unnecetsary particulars frae.—Rlcciftu, 195, Olct Christchurch raul Bournemeuth.

AGICNTS WANTHD. London and provinces, to represent leading West-end credit firm, supplying ladies', gentle- men's clothing, boots, tic., on cre It terms.—Address MANAGER, 541 B4ttersea Park road. London, S. W.

SANITARY INSPEO", 0 RS.—L&DY HEALTH VISITORS: £lOO to £350 ; several nundren vacancies; 300 successes. postal cour e commencing for Liverpool and Manchester Exams. Fee 255.—MusuEss, Science Teacner, Sunderland.

VT ANTED.—MEN, YOUNG and OLD, to write for our book, "CAN I BECOME AN ELECTRICAL ENGINEER ?" Sent post free. It tells how thousands gain better positions and:salaries studying electrical or mechanical engineering at home by post ; endorsed by Thomas A. Edison and British Electricians.—Address, THE ELECTRICAL ENGINEER INSTI- TUTE OF CORRESPONDENCE INSTRUCTION, 413 Temple Cham- bers, Temple Avenue, London, B.C.

FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOCKS, &c., BOUGHT FuR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT. OR ADVANuES MADE. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGI.? FOR INSPECTION. HAKTLEY AND CO., 12, MOSS-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FOlt SALE, Ili(dß THRRIHR PUPS; good strain; sire Breda Pointer.-93, BEREBFORD RD., Dingle, Liverpool. 'GIGO i from splendid pen BARRED ROCKS, grass run, _12.1 bd.—Jowl GEORGESON, Pansey Cottage, Square lane Latham. Ormskirk. rIGS —5O to 80 STORRS for sale each week. All sizes. Delivered free. Inspection invited. TAYLOR, Newton-le-Willows.

TORS BISCUIr Alisa.L.—Plain, Los per cwt. ; with meal 1.. 12s 6d. ; fine chicken meal, 12s 6d.: put on rail ; cash with order.—BulNG and Co., Biscuit Factory, 15, Strand- street, Liverpool. FOWL CORN, is 6d. les 6d, 12 6d, 2401bs ; Pig Food, is 6d per 2001133.—RoCHE .‘ND Co., 15, Goree piazzas Liver- pool._ tiention paper. pURB PRIZE BUFF ORPINGTOAS, grand layers; eggs 3s. 6d. aozen ; unfertiles replaced. Valuable recipe to make hens lay in winter, 7d. eacb.—J. WARD, Cromwell Lodge, Malvern.

pOULTRY MRAL.—We are now making special Meals for coming winter at 85: and 10s. per 2301bs , sacks inclu- ded.—BOCHE AND CO., 15, Goree-piazzas, Liverpool. (Mention Dauer.) FOIL SITANG, from prize Strains, Buff orpington, ..U.l No. 1 pen, 6s. 6d. per doz. ; No. 2 pen 55,; also Brown Leghorn, Jubilee Orpington, Partridge and White Wyan- dottes, Houclans and :Alt, r Grey Dorkings, at ss. per doz.. ; unterffles replaced.—A.pply HASSELL, Massey Hall Poultry Farm, Thelwall. - - - WILCOX'S POULTRY SPICE pro iuces more eggs.keeps fowls healthy, prevents gapes and cramp in chickens; tins 6d and Is post free 81 and is 31. Try Wilcox's special Game and Poultry Meals 18s and 15s per cwt. Wholesale Agents Wanted.—A. & F. WH.cox, Sandyford, Stone,Staffordshire.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON EQUARE. HOSE COMvORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. ABERYSTWITH. riE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 21 gnineas per week, or 9s per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.30 o'clock. For TARIFFS &c., apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

APARTMICNTS for one or two GIINTLEBIHN ; bath room, &c. ; close to car terminus.-15. FAIRFIELD ROAD. Stockton Heath

BRIGHTON.—Laay's douse Furnistp+d, excellent position £2. Shops and Villas £26 to £93—YOUNG Hourzcx AND SADLvii. Auctioneers. Brighton.

BRIGHTO —Lady's House, furnished, excellent position £2. Shops and Villas, £26 to £95. —Yousa Hoturccx AND SADLNR, Auctioneers, Brighton. (Mortgages wanted). ----- BOARD-RBSIDENOS. Bleottiolty, Bleotric Baths, /cc. for invalid gentlemen in well appointed house of trained Mole Nurse.-Sms:ramonE,Hoscote Park,West Kirbv,Oheshire

PRIVATE HOME for LADIES before and during Accouchement, with a fully-trainied nurse and midwife: terms reason.ble.—Apply, Mrs HAWTHORN, 21 Gaythorpe street, Moss Bide, Manchester.

Mutation. UNI V ERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYS. T. ISHERWOOD, M.A., LL.D., D.C.L., Principal.

VIOLIN .-NEW METHOD BY SEVCIK, tutor of Kubelik and Koeian. For terms apply Mr. T. BOOTHROYD'S VIOLIN, MANDOLINE, ZITHER, BANN), AND GUITAR STUDIO, 9, SUEZ-STREET, WARRINGTON. ‘ZOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL, SC&RISBRICK NEW-ROAD. One of the LARGEST PRIVATH SCHOOLS In the North of England. CAPT. T. C. UNDERWOOD, AC P.. F.R.G.S.. Head Master.

VAIRHAVEN HIGH SCROOL FUR GIRLS 11..' near St. Annes-on-Sea.Bracing position,seaside.extensiye accomm nation High-clats Slodern Educati3n. Staff includes Redden, B.A. Mistress. and nine Certificated Teachers Exams. successes. Principal: fdIS3 MILLE N. -pHs HIGH SCHOOL, 23, WILSON-PATTEN L STREET, WARHINOTON.—PRINCIPLIS : THE MISSES PARTINGTON, (cert Oxford Women's, Oxford and Cambridge locals earlier. Trinity College. London. ) TeIE NEXT TERM WILL COMMENCE THURSDAY, JANUARY 2IsT. 1904. "AT HOME" WEDNESDAY JANUARY 20TEr, PROSPECTUSES, TESTIMONIALS Sce., ON APPLICATION.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.111., Professor of Plusic,Organlst and Choirmaster of St. Paul's inpireh. PIANO. ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certiticater and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134. LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR 5CH001.4.-THA NEXT TERN! WILL BEGIN ON TUESDAY JANUARY 19th, 1904. THE HEAD Mk‘sThß WILL BE AT ROUE (or MONDAY, THE 18TH TO INTERVIEW PARENTS. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, &c. PREPARATORY FORA FOR BOYS FROM 8 TO 12 YEA.RB OF AGE. PROSPECTUS IND SCHOOL LIST ox APPLICATION.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL.— FEE. £4 4s. PER TERM. N.B.—Boys entering over 14 years of age pay £5 51 Od per term. THE NEXT TRRM BEGINS, PURSnAY JAN. 19TH. 1934. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION,MONDAY,JAN.IBth,nt 9 a.m. Prospectuses, forms of application, &c., may be had at the zchool. The bosrding house in connection with the school is situated :in Higher Broughton. The Art school evening classes re-open on Wednesday, January 20th. A class for ladies and teachers is also held on Saturday mornings. OWEN W. COX. Reoeiv sr. ----- ETR ST ON LADIES' COLLEGE. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, PRINCIPALS : Mrs. B. ELLIDGE, Trained Certificated Teacher, {Certified Science and Art Tetcher, South Kensington. Miss M. HOLLAND, London Trained Kindergarten Teacher, Assisted by a full staff of Resident English end Foreign Governesses, Visiting Professors for Piano, Violin, Singing, Dancing, and Calisthenics. Pupils prepared for Oxford and Cambridge Local and Music Exarninitions. Prospectuses and References on application.

diftarboierp, etc. FOR SALE, Automatic Acetylene Gas Generator and Fittings ; nearly new ; cost £l6 ; take £7.—Apply flew, Bucknell, Salop.

9r1%0-HORSR Brake Power Petrol or Gas BNGI Nl3d, for J. chaff cutlet s. &o.; cost of working. Id per hour; can be seen working. —The LANCASHIRE AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENT CO. LTD., 31 and 33. Cazneau street. Liverpool.

GARDNER GAS AND DIL ENGINES show highest economy and give no trouble, From to 50 Horse rower; Lathes and Machine Tools of all kinds, Works fitted complete.—GAßDNEß DEPOT, Cleveland Square, Liverpool f lIRENHOUSE BOILER (new), 2ft. 2in. high x 141 n. 1 T diameter awl 18ft. of 41n. piping, expansion joints. eistern and amok." pipe, 70s. ; also Garlen Lights 6ft. x 41t. glazed 21oz. glass at gd each ; Greenhouse Mt. x Bft. including 21oz. glass and staging complete. £5 15s, all carriage paid.—D. RORRoCKS. Tyldeslev. pATENT OFF IC R. MANCHESTER B3TATLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have hai more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment. andpoesesepractiealknowledte of the cotton.woolten and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Pateut Lawn,' price ls. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, P.1.P.A., M.S.A 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. ill ANORBSTER. QT. GEORGE'S IRON' WORK 3. LfIIII. RD (late Ortnerod. Grierson and Co.), Hulrne. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and. PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, P,"ev and Tooth Block Patterns &c., Lelooglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London-road Iron Works, Ivlancheater, an., are in a position to Supply CA.S PINGS. Millwright,aho al! kirds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and Vulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 219, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Orrnerod Grlerson. Manchester."

PONY and CART fbr Sale.—Anply THOM.PBON, High street, Norley, near Warrington. 910 BR SOLD.—Large FURNITURR RRMOVING VAN 1 for road use.—Apply COUNTY SA.LEROOMS, Victoria street, Morecambe.

C— ARRTAGES.-100 new and second-hand, of every dib- cription, at lowest prices.—GßANT, carriage builder, 259, Oxford road, near Owens College, Manchester. Established 1870

lionsus' LOIN CLOTHS, beat and strongest in toe I. market, 461 n. long by 381 n. wide, waterproof. on navy canvas and weigh 41b. I will send one post free for 311.-- Prom Hy. J. GessoN, Government contractor, Rye. _ _ - VOUNG'S BLACK STAR HARNESS CONIPO.--This Compo excels all others for its Gloss and Waterproofing Quality Sold in is. tins, Price to Coachmen per dozen 7s.—WaohEseLE DEPOT, 205 Bbury street, London. S.W. - - - CAR BUSINBSS, sound and old-established, situated at Bootle ; present owner retiring ; stabling for 14 horses; large covered yard, coachhouses, and dwelling house,—For further particulars and orders to view, apply to JAMES P. BATH AND SoN,29,Ranelagh street. Liverpool. Tel. 2613 Royal

CELL or LEND for Winter Months —Cart HORSE, 6 years LI 16 2 hands, £l9; handsome Nag, 5 yeprs, 15 2 hands, 20 guineas ; half legged mare, 5 years, 15 3 hands, £22, in foal to pedigree horse ; all warranted sound, quiet and good wnrkers in every respect ; month's trial ; or would let mare go till weaning time, and give foal for mare's keep. Also three Lurries, three Sets of Gears, Stable Utensils. Hay Chopper; reasonable.-16, IRVINE STREET, Edgehill, Liver- pool Trams pass.

J3ARGAIN.—For Disposal, through owner using motor , waggon, powerful Strawberry Roan Cart HORSE, 17 hands, 6 years; also Duke.powerful Bay Cart or Lurry Horse, 16-3 bands, 7 years; Bay Cart Mare Dolly, 16-3 hands.s years: also Cart Mare in foal to noted shire stallioß, 6 years. 17 hands; Lurry, Gears, and Stiff Carts to suit ; these animals are all warranted perfeltly sound, quiet, good workers in shafts, chains, or plough ; hard or soft ground; one month's free trial to responsible persons ; will sell all together, or separately to suit putehasers.—Apply WILLIAM BIRCH, teamowner, 69. Crown street, Liverpool. Trams pass door.

TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE Renowned for COUGHs, TOW L E'S CLO I? °DYNE Consumption,i , Asthma, TOWLE'S GILORODYNE INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE 2A dBopseassinfosi: 2s. irIIbTRUST AuL I nITATIONS AND SUB- STITUTES, See that A. P. TO Ar LE and SON is printed on each bottle. DR. SCOTTS PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER COMPLAINTS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS HEADACHE, DR• SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTICN, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE .MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices is. ltd. and 2s. 9d.

- - - - THE Warrington and 3171-Cheshire Expniner. Dab 'lobed every Saturday morning. THE Ruheorn Examine•-, published Friday after- noon. lt is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and ffers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widnos Examiner, published Friday after- noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemicil Works of any town in the kingdom, and e rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published 11. every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES YREPtID ADVERTISEMENTS APARTMENTS WANTED ROUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD tRTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS I.RTIcr.EB FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words, Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

Dinner and Digestion. The average person dines about 20,000 times during a life-time. What an enor- mous tax dinner alone must be on the digestive organs. No wonder, there is such a constant and ever increasing demand for Colman's Mustard, that pre-eminently excellent aid to digestion. Col Malt Mustard COLO.. RPM.

CORNWALL. ENGLAND'S IDEAL WINTER HEALTH AND PLEASURE RESORT WHY, IN ORDER TO AVOID Tail COLD AND FOGS, INCUR THE TROUBLE Alfa EXPENSE OF A LONG FOREIGN JOURNEY WHEN THE GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY CAN TAKE YOU IN A FEW HOURS TO THE I DELIGHTFUL CORNISH RIVIERA. FACTS TO REMEMBER.—CORNWALL DURING THE WINTER ALWAYS ENJOY A MAXINIL73I OF SUNSHINE AND WARMTH.

EXCELLENT HOTEL ACCOMMODATION. THEMEGENNA CASTLE HOTEL AT ST. IVES IS UNDER THE COMPANY'S MANAGEMENT. DIRECT ROUTE TO THE SUNNY AND SCILLY ISLANDS. SALUBRIOUS FOR B 10XLET AND ALL INFORNIATI ON APPLY TO THE SUPERINTENDENT OF THE LINE PADDINGTON STATION, LONDON, W. JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager.

All that i; 'r9 good in Cocoa is contained in CADAVKY's

COCOA NEElmlawr. It is the natural Cocoa skilfully prepared without adulteration or admixture of any kind whatsoever. "CADBURY'S IS A PERFECTLY PURE COCOA OF THE HIGHEST QUALITY" Aledical AnnuaL

SPARKLA cleans and brightens Copper,Tin, Pewter, Brass, and all metal wares For washing dishes, kitchen utensils and for all general household cleanings. Removes rust stains, tarnish. Cleans gas and cooking stoves, machinery, bicycles, dairy utensils. For the house, shop, or factory. Sold by all Grocers, Ironmongers, Oilmen, &c One Penny per Tablet. MAKES TIN LIKE SILVER, COPPER LIKE GOLD Gigantic Prize Scheme 120,419 PRIZES VALUE £25,969. Cash prizes up to L'loo each, Great numbers of Watches, Cycles, Sewing Machines, Timepieces, Dress Lengths, and thousands of other costly and useful articles. Collect the Wrappers of " SPARKLA" and send them to the address below. Wrappers of Watson's Matchless Cleanser and Watson's Nubolic Soap may also be used by competitors Full particulars with each packet of any of the three articlei. Every competitor in our last Prize Scheme received a Prize. JOSEPH WATSON ef SONS, Ltd. Whitehall Soap Works, Leeds.

FAILURES IN ENGLAND AND WALES.—According to "Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, Jan. Ist, was 93, viz. :—New Bank- ruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 39; deeds of arrangement registered, 54. The res- pective numbers In the corresponding week of last year were: Bankruptcies, 84; deeds of arrangement, 49— total 83; being a net increase in bankruptcies of 5, and a net increase in deeds of arrangement in 1904, to date, of 5.

THE MY TO HEALTH. Sufferers can have their money returned if not satis- fied with Holdroyd's Gravel; Pills. Guaranteed a positive cure for Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind, Water Complaints, Diseases of the kidneys, Gout, Sciatica. and Rheumatism. Is. lid, all Chemists. Post Free 12 stamps. MOLDROYD'S MEDICAL HALL, Cleckheaton, Yorks. (2)

N_ P ii.m.i.K..c.. LEAD BRILLIANT, BLACK, BEAUTIFUL,

PIOLos STEEL , for Ladies'. PILLS A FRENCH RHUHDY, SUPREiSRDING BIITHR APPLE. PIL COCHIAC, PENSYROYIL, &c. Price 43.6 d. post free. Obtainable only from MARTIN, CHEMIST, SOUTHAMPTON

..,„,, . ~`!,.',,', 7,z,.',.- , •,- -,-.. -...,. ,714'-',w- •'.. , . -, ::::,: Atlit - r t, ...- ~,. 4, , ...,1z: X. 'O6FE • :,.. 4`.• -fA:4,r ','-' d. Y .. ' ~:,.. , ' .. .7, ~ -. . . • ~...- , ~••••e-, ~ ,•••• . - ~ • e .e......

Treatment cje. CONSUMPTION LUNG &THROAT AFFECTIONS, INFLUENZA, BRONCHITIS. WINTER COUGIL ASTHMA. ETC. teaz* Complete Case of Articles Required FOR Xi CARRIAGE PAID, Am/. Book Free I TH C...7111111/iSt°u,

WASHING AT HOMILY BRADFORD'S "VOWEL MA" Wanking. Wetaglag. and Mangling Entailing% SAVE TIME, SAVE LABOUR, and SAVE THE CLOTHES. Write for Catalogue, Aort fres ms afrilieatYors. THOMAS BRADFORD a 130, 14a, 241, and 142, HIGH HOLBORN, LaNDON ; VICTORIA, AVENUE, DKANSGATE, MANCHESTER; I" DerLDMIMIIIIIT, LIVERPOOL ; CRESCENT IRON WORKS, SAITGEna

EGYPTIAfs Pitt PAttAl IUN6 Vt MTH KINOVV- ING. MADAME WRIGHT. Professional NUM and 'lotlet Specialba , wi:hes to make known her EGYPTIAN BEAUTY 1 REPARATIONS 7 They are made from her OWD receipts, and limes should not fail to try her BUST DEVE- LtPER, it makes firmness and roundne.s to the muscles, roust be tried to know its value. Price ss. jar, carriage paid. Also the EGYPTIAN PEARL CREAM, greatly appreciated for evening use, does not dry the skin, 4s 6d, bottle, carriage paid. SUPPLELINA, for musical's and all who pride their hands and faee during winter,prevents Chilblains and Chaps 4s. 6d. jar, carriage paid. MAGNETIC OINTMENT, 48.6 d. jar carriage paid, MASSAGE CREAM, 3s. 6d• jar, carriage paid Send tor booklet,Scl, each, to .39 Connaught Avenue, Mutley. PlymGoth.

1.5.14 AI JR, 5 etr QV GOUT xi. i L.. 11 GOUT, RHIMIATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO°. The oxeruciating Pain isqulckly relieved. sure. Sale, _effective. All Chemists and stores at Is. lid. end 21. 9d. I=';'''-...—. ----‘—'2:.-: .=•.- - --------... il----:.___---;::7 talte.' , . i ! Nb" ,•,,,,,t , i - .-‘' , ,------) ' , --- , ~...---- . - ' • b i !_-.,,,,..-.,.. - . ,:., 0,7/o,:s c ~ opoun ..-- .., -,:. it . ~ , , ,„..,. 4„........„ i! ~ Y OF' .r." , ~..:. , -44 • . ..',:. • ~.., :•• -," ::',!., :..,!:: '. '..:': ' 01101415,',- ' e .. , .... .... .... •:,..1. .... , ~. .• ti,•••fty: ~---- ~ , . .:: ' *-0 C,011), S.:-.- rl I\l\i t.,,..',.0f,...ii ,g.-4, . ASTHMA a BROPRiIIiTIS:.. 1 ,:*.: ***.•:'4°-: e-:--t:'-`1"

• gif.3 , SZ,r 5, • :Alf „ ..ze, , • • the most effective, convenient and cheapest article , for scouring, cleaning, and polishing purposes. • • y, .• 4 • • •‘- .•• 2 • ~,. . . •-•• • • ^ • - • • • , ' . • • , ti'';;,7 • •• • , • "?.: • `,. • • '• • , •

KEARS LEY'S 100 Y C ARS REPUTATIO:I WIDOW WELCH'S Ft.MALE PILLS.

cap cuvir A Fyn, -I- c fe wing , ww Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custard is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO EGGS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE

~...4.--... k. - •-tc • ' ' 1 ...°3‘k . il . w• •t 0... '‘. ' • •-,4, 1 .arc, ! ot. malt-...- l'•• ale • ' 7%ilt. ' ~•- . ' 1 .ENT'"' TRADE MARK. MOULDED RECORDS (STANDARD SIZE) Fit any PRICK Twice the Phonograph. The world's volume of Finest I I ODsound. Product. EACH. Lists of all the Latest Songs, Band Selections, etc., Now Ready. PHONOGRAPHS 717:(/). 4S. each. --, ---0. -...,„ .„ \ -- - -0 ----- ' \ \\ \ ~. ti ........_ .4....,1 , --e 1..""w -k ' I 4S• gib AGENTS WANTED. NEW CENTURY PHONOGRAPHS. Loudest. Simplest. Cheapest. A PERFECT ENTERTAINER. Write ‘der Catalogues, Record Lists, Special Order Forms, which will be sent post free. WATERFIELD, CLIFFORD & CO., LTD., 40, HATTON CARDEN, LONDON, E.C. Retail ;3: , tirri.140,..., DaspoN, W.C. B STILINT, ISLINOWON, N. ranches ..a— -m-Lief:LESTER-27, Oxman Smut.

•D .is a wonderful water proofer for ale tilenOsOaTntid plreslierAvßesErheS. leattr. Pleasant odour allow poLish. lag with blacking. GOLD ;MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGHEST 0 ' . 1:1 di bill AWARDS. Tins 2d., 6d., 1/.. .5e216 of Boot Makers, Saddlers, Ironmoneers 67. c. Manneactory East Dulwich, London.

CMG HLEY'S STARCH GLOSS. Registered No 40,376. ' NO MORE k SOFT LINEN WHEN '*.• 'No' STARCHED. Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Once tried, always wanted, MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEI4 The greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish to starched Linen.Laces,etc It does not stick to rpider-web-like materials. Sold everywhere in Packets at Id., 3d.. and Ed.. each. PREPARED ONLY BY T. einTenLEy. ehemist, BL2ICKI3URN. 7. Whiter s vreot. London.

Casumen Is the most ____ sustaining Food on earth. COMPLETELY REMOVES INDIGESTION, CON- STIPATION, UNIQUE for ANA; MIA, FEVERS, GOUT, CONSUMPTION, DIABETES, RHEUMA- TISM and INFLUENZA. Write for free sampla of CASUMEN, with LANCET report and full particulars. ilb post free I,.—PRIDEAUX'S FOOD CO., MOT- 00yIBE, DORSET: or through Chemists, Stores. etc.

a a .4 41 rgl z 21 z Ca g 0 0 Awarded Certificale of Merit for the cure of all irregulari- ties, anemia, and all female complaints. They have the approval ot the fdedical Profession. Beware of Imitations. The only genuine and original are in White Paper Wrappers Boxes Is 11d and 2s 9d of all chemists, or by post, 14 or 34 Stamps by the makers, C and G KEARSLEY, 17, North street, Westminster. [Note White Wrapper.]

TOWLES C!* =.l ro BE HAD OF AftCHENSISIN BOXES / J.2/9, 0R460R SEATIENY WHERE ONRECPPTO -15.1f0R55 STAMPS Br EITOWLE AC466 LONG/MIK NOITINCHAM.

. The BEST WATCHES are Tf,'',..,1? :.,,:_r .4 9 " LONDON MAKE" Unequalled for Accuracy, Durability, and Strength. Buy of the Actual Makers and Save ONE - THIRD. B In Silver Cases. In 1,8-ct. Gold Gases. ir. c0.,.-.,-/. BENSON'S _ ,____„ ~,, ,:,._.-,11., . WORLD FAMOUS i'k---ilik), -, ' , QØ - i /K . -' LUDGATE' 11r‘i • \-=' \ ',,---‘ ~, , ~ BESTTIIRaEnEd . SQUAORNTGEERS T , PLATELondon nMg la, 2 ~ \\t ~1, Lev,ir Watch. i''• ,`'.l. 121:1';7\t, 'l\--'' t Chronometer-Balance, all Latest Improvements, L„....,:,1 ' , tt'l Silver Cases with Crystal Glass. I i,-4::. s) Made in Three Sizes, at one Price, £5 ss. ea , ' 7,1 I I.? G'lntl2einas,siYe P 18 ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, is, ...,12 12s. Ladies', £lO 10s. ' 't /,./,- ',/ OR Os " 1(.7-iie Zilitt,a ( s , , . , ‘A....1. c,, ? t SYSTEM OF , 10 1:-, / . §7l ~ .:: ..,n 1 t.. 1 , :\ : '';‘/ .9.' MONTHLY PAYMENTS ~....:__-_, At same Prices as for CASH. ; - ~- ~ ~ ~-•, iii, ~, ~ 4 el/ N, 17 7;1., ';'l°' -,• '''. ' ~, (..Q. tte:,../ it ..., , LIM .• ''‘' .- , ' ' - ' ' - ' '):1 • 9!' Pearls, £1 , ss. t GEM RINGS. Brilliant, or Sapphires, £2 .15s. 1 0 000 ALWAYS IN STOCK 1% AT MAKERS' CASH PRICES. (---1711411 -s-_- ILLUSTRATED BOOK of Watches, Clocks, Brilliants and Chains, Rincrs, Brooches, " imperial " Plate, Sapphires, £2 .10s. Cutlery and Bags. POST FREE. Brilliants, £4 .4s. JThe Premier Watchmakers .W. BENSON, Ltd., of the World. FACTORY: 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, LC.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. ;BY EADE'S PILLS. AFTER TWO PILLS SHE FELT EAStHR 26, Rutland-street, Brompton-road, S.W. April 26th, 1902. Sir,—l feel bound to write and state my wife's case. She was taken very ill with gout some weeks ago, and was in bed, not being able to put her foot to the ground. I made up my mind to try your Pills, and gave her two. After a few hours she felt easier. She took one more in the after- noon, and I was surprised to find her up from bed when I ame home in the evening. In;two or three days shelfwas Its well again. Yours truly, A. FORD. EADE'S GOUTIPILLS Are perfectly sate in their action, eliminate all in) fi of matter, and are highly restorative. 1 Sold everywhere in bottles, it. ltd. and 2s. 9d., or sent I post free for stomps or P.O. by the proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell-road, London. EADE'S GOUT & R

DR. DE ROOS COMPOUND RENAL PILLS Arejustly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and epee dy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Lumbago Gout, Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other :Deposits, Stone in the Bladder. Discharges, and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from comtamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words, " Vi.ALTBit DB ROOS, LONDON," thereon, by order of his Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price Is. Llci. and 2s. 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietor Holford House, Holford-square, London, W.C.

For Coughs. HARDY'S BROMPTON Colds and Lung CONSUMPTION Is, ai ni ?tat ns t. COUCH SPECIFIC repel and cer- tain cure. Pleasant to take. Iliguly recommenuea by the medical profession. Prepared by GEO HARDY, late of the Brompton Hospital. Price Is lid, 2s 9d,118 6d, ha, of all Chemists, or post free. HARDY'S CROMPTON COUGH LOZENGES, (the genuine), in boxes only, (never sold loose.) Each lozenge stamped Haray., Price Is lid. Depot 6, Gray's Inn road, W.C. (Bsablished nearly a century at Brompton.)

_ a eet 0re0".......• telt CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes 1/1:1. of all Chemists. BEETHAM & SON. Chemists. CHELTENHk

DELIViRY and ORDER BOORS Printed, Bound, Numbered. and Perforated to Order. FIROSPECTCrSES & BALANCE-SHEETS. PLACARDS. EXTRA. LARGE SIZ it, OUR speciality. • COMMERCIAL PRINTING, A NDBILLS, in large or small quantities che;p and effective. SPECIAL facilities for PRINTING all kinds of EDUCATIONAL WORKS. CIRML A.RS. the neatest style, from moder type, and of the best workmanship, ....OLIN WALKER , AND 00„ "EXAMINER " OFFICE.

FOR FIRST-CLASS P:tIVATE. DENTiSTRY Annointments unneces:;ry.lbut may be TEETH. All consultations free. 'T w EETH. Racsb patient intor,fcrif required. th, TEETH. Gold and other fillings at inoJeratr charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendatics. TEETH. P-iniess Exotfraostriic:ron tis as hitherto br ths TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13.000praunn. weekly. Rxors. of the late J. FL. PARRINSOY (DENTIST BY MIS. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ••• ..GEORGE-STRIVCI' MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON SANBEY-STR it I WHIONESDAY, 2 to 5. RnmeoßN, 31. BRIDGE-STREET TUURSDAY, 2 to 5. NofITHWICEI-14, APPLEMARKET-STRICEr teRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

Deaths. OXLEY—January Ist at Birchall-street, Warrington, Hannah Oxley aged 78 years. BoAßDATAN—Jattuary 3rd, at Manbhester-road Warring-- ton, Margaret Boardman,aged 23 years.
