===== 0002601_18900705_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
REGISTERED FOR TRANSMISSION ABROAD

';'"n

1

NO. 586.

- BANDSUEN, send for Printed List of second- A_ hand Brass Instruments, hy rood !tinkers, cheapeat re{ for airs.--Tuirria. nzater NW silver platers. ogdm- '4"hvick,.l4,whester.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, ^

===== 0002601_18900705_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
SKIN DISEASES. IN USE 100 YEARS. THE POOR MAN'S QKIN DISEASES. I.J ' FRIEND. SKIN DISEASES. ' THIS VALUABLE OINTMENT (as originally prepared by U. L. SKIN DISEASES. ROBERTS, M.D.) is an unfailing remedy for wounds of every des- ', k-,KIN DISEASES. cription. Scorbutic Eruptions, Burns Inflamed Eyes, &c. SKIN DISEASES. DR. ROBERTS' SKIN DISEASES. ALTERNATIVE PILLS, SKIN DISEASES. For the Blood and Shin. SKIN DISEASES, are very effectual in the cure of that 1.-7 form of skin disease which shows SKIN DISEASES, itself in painful cracks in the skin. Sold nt Is, IP., 2s. Scl., by the SKIN DISEASES. Proprietors, Bridport, ancl by Chemists.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
RICHARD TOFT (late Cooper), 14, HORSEMAR. BET-STREET, an 6, SANKEY-SSW:ST, 'WARRINGTON, WHOLESALE TOBACCONIST and CIGAR IMPORTER, Meerschaum. Wood. and Clay Pipes, Walking Btloks, de.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, JULY 5,1890.

iNHEST SUFFERERS do not irritate your chest with rubbing poison remedies which causes weakness. If you wish to be cured send for the ASIA BARK EXTRACT, local application; is soothing, nourieblng, comforting, strengthening. Price 80., sent post free.—J. MoRRIS. 257, Cambridgierds, E. London.

:UPS & SAUCERS, WITH ONE POUND TEA.

FOUR TUMBLER GLASSES, WITH HALF-POUND TEA.

CHAIR CUSHION,

WITH HALF-POUND TEA.

IWN TEA POT, WITH QUARTER POUND TEA.

WITH QUARTER POUND TEA.

THE MEN'S READY MADE DEPARTMENT. Contains an immense stook of new and fashionable goods ready for immediate wear. It has been the constant endeavour of the proprietors to maks their garments equal in style, fit, and workmanship to goods made to order. MSNS SUITS (in all the new patterns) from S. D. ~ WORSTED SUITS (durable wear) from 995. 6D.

„ do TROUSERS 77;.-1113. „ All Wool Summer OVERCOATS „ S. 6D. ▪ •. in Solid Worsted Twill „ 21s. OD. „ Fancy Tweed TROUSERS ” 5s 11D. MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING DEPOT.

V, & 10, 11011SEMAIIKET-ST., WA.IIIIIIiCITOIi.

(BREAKFAST) C 0 C 0 A.

MADE SIMPLY WITII BOILING WATER OR MILK.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
posr I Is. 7fd. per Quarter, 68. 6d. per Annum, in adTancell Is. 9d. per Quarter, credit.

HODGKINSON'S,

46 AIM 48 BRIDGE-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

ALNTLE DEPARTMENT, SPECIAL SHOW OF NOVELTIES, JUST

RECE WED.

NOVELTIES IN DUST CLOAKS.

NOVELTIES IN WATERPROOFS.

NOVELTIES IN SUMMER

MANTLES.

NOVELTIES IN SUMMER JACKETS.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL DISPLAY OF

RICH FUR COLLARS, NEW SHAPES JUST RECEIVED FROM 10s. 6d.,

UPWARDS. ALSO A SPECIAL PURCHASE OF REAL SUMMER STOCK.

FUR LINED CLOAKS,

RUSSIAN CIRCULAR HANDSOME DAMASK COVERING, TWO GUINEAS EACH. EXTRA- ORDINARY PURCHASE.

HODGKINSON'S,

46, AND 48, I3RIDGE-STREET.

WARUINGTON.

NT / )IIEAP COAL. BANK QUAY COAL DEPOT. 8d percwt. T HALTON & CO T. • I COAL MERCHANTS, FACTORY LANE COAL YARD, WARRINGTON. TINTER PRICES. IMMEDIATE D]

CASH,

10d prcwt.

NOTE.-'

8,1 per ev4.

10dprcwt. LIVERY.

Q ALLSOPP & SON'S MILD AND BITTER ALES And D'ARCY & SON'S CELEBRATED DUBLIN STOUT

In 9, 18, and 36 Gallon Casks, or Bottles.

AGENT:

PETER LEIGH, tIORSENIA.REET STREET. WARRINGTON.

lancp.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED.

PP_ . RIVATE ADVANCES on borrower's own eecurity. No bills of sale taken. Over £60,000 per annum now being lent.—For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, accountant, 20, Rennedy-street, Manebester. ESTABLISHED 1870.

IVE ONEY.— IMPORTANT TO BORROWERS. NO .1.‘,1 BONDSMEN REQUIRED. NO APPLICATION FEES. Cash advanced, privately, on day of application, from £3 upwards, to householders, Az., Ac. Low interest and easy repayments. Strictly private. Apply to A. J., 66, Tan- ners-lane, off Winwick-st., Warrington. (Private house.)

SOUTH LANCASHIRE LOAN. DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. * Head Office : 168, ISLINGTON-SQUARE. LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on Personal or other Security. £l5, Repayable 6s Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £5O, „ 20s. „ „ £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. „ „ £6 16s. Od. ALEX. GORDON. Manager.

ONEY. - TUE ST. HELENS UNION LOAN I_7l. DISCOUNT AND DEPOSIT COMPANY, LIMITED,

35, Hardshuw-st., St. Helens.

Advances from £3 to £l,OOO promptly made, at from 6 per cent. per annum, on the approv mi security of two or more respectable householders, deeds of property, shares in publics companies, &c. Trade bills discounted on moderate terms.— Apply to

JAMES ASHCROFT, Manager

===== 0002601_18900705_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN INVESTMENT COMPANY,

BEWSEY CHAMBERS. BEWSEY-ST.. WARRINGTON.

LOANS FROM £5 TO £l,OOO.

FIVE PER CENT. PER ANNUM ALLOWED ON DB- POSITS OF TEN POUNDS AND UPWARDS. W. BILSBORROW, Manager. Office Hours—Wednesdays and Saturdays from 1 to 4.

moNEy ! MONEY MONEY I No bondsmen required. Money advanced on day of application from -..C3 to P.. 500 to householders, shopkeepers, clerks, farmers, and others. Interest low, repyaments easy. No genuine application re- fused. Distance no object. Apply peffenally (preferred) er by letter to IMPERIAL LOAM, 60, NEW CROSS-STREET. ST. HELENS, (Prirste TIMMS- .LND iT

7, LACEY STREET, WIDNES (Private Rouge.)

===== 0002601_18900705_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
MONEY! MONEY I! MONEY I t

NO BONDSMEN REQUIRED. NO APPLICATION PER CHARGED. CA fill ADVANCED at a few hours notice, from £3 and upwards. to resptctablc Householders (male or female) on Low Rates of Interest, and Easy Re-payments, to suit hot rowers. All transactions strictly confidential. Not charging anplication tee is a proof of the respectability of this office ; u also that no genuine application will be declined.—Apply personally (preferred), or by letter. to THE WARRINGTON AND COUNTY ADVANCE OFFICE. 10, JOHN-STRRET. RINGTON.

NO BILLS OF SALE!! NO BONDSMEN!!! M. JOHN E. GOODWIN coutinues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, ftnd all respect- able Householders, on their own signatures, without exposure or publicity of any kind.—Apply at VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station). WIDNES, and in WARRING- TON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening from 6 to 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention. Loans granted same day if required. N.B.—This office has been established in Widnes man), years always at the above address, and is thus well known f- its generous dealings with customers.

pItIVATE LOAN OFFICE 39, CORPORATION-STREET ST. HELENS.

We are now prepared to make advances to respectable house- holders, working men, clergymen, trsdesineu, farmers, cow- keepers, and (Allem male or female. Distance no object. IF YOU WANT TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK, IF YOU WANT TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE, IF YOU WANT TO PAY YOUR RENT, IF YOU WANT TO PAY YOUR DEBTS, IF Y cal WANT TO PAY OUT AN EXECUTION You can be accommodated without delay by applying tei the P L. 0., where business is done in a thorough genuine manner. viz., Money, but without bondsmen, and a guarantee of the strictest secrecy given if required. The interest is always added to the arnowt lent, the whole to be repaid by easy payments. Money atvaneed in sums of £3. £5, £lO, £l2, £2O, , £.50. Letters received immediate atttention. Note the ad- dress- -99, CORPORATION-STEEET. ST. HELENS N.B—No application fee charged.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT TO BORROWERS.

310NEY LENT PRIVATELY.

A gentleman wishing to invest Cash is open to receive appli- cations from people requiring same. Advances can be had on the NOTE OF HAND ALONE

of any responsible person (either male or female), in Town or Country, at 5 per cent. in come from £lO TO £l,OOO

and which can be repaid. either monthly or quarterly, or arrangements made to stnt the borrower, or, If desired, the i amount lent can remain at ntemst. ALL PROPOSALS STRICTLY PRIVATE. Address or apply to— HR. A. EDWARDS, 46 & 47, Temple Chambers, Temple Avenue, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18900705_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
pottrp.,

TO THE MOSS ON A FRIEND'S GRAVE. Although the winter stern and drear • Has stripped the trees, and branches bare Against the sky stand cold and cleat As if in mute, appealing prayer, This fragile moss, so fresh and green, Defies the storm and tempest wild, And lifts itahead, the,snow between, As if again the summer smiled. • The flowers th tt bloamed have faded all, Of their bright bqauty nought remains, .t , Hushed_is each feathered songster's call,. And all around Death's silence reigns. • Yet does this fresh and springing moss Arise to cheer the mournful scene; A type of life, to bridge across The gulf 'twixt now, and what has been. A speaking, sign of newer life -1 It crowns the grave where deaiones sleep At rekfrom Earth's kind din and strife- -. • And slie May read its meaning deep. A symbol of the radiant clime Wbere none but holy feet have trod; Where meet we, as in olden time, Beloved ones whd sleep in God. • , J. H. G., Hull.

" CAPITAL CHAT."--

Mr. Grant Allen, who in recent review articles has shown a tendency towards certain Socialistic doctrines, has applied to become of „the Fabian Society.

It is not unlikely, that the Rev. G. S. Heaney will write a little book giving expression to his reasons for seceding to the State Church. He has refused offers to write articles on. the subject front several editors.

Mr. Gladstone makes it a rule never to travel on Sunday. He consequently returned from DolliB Hill on Saturday night in order to hear the Bishop of Peterborough at St. Margaret's, Westmidster, on Sunday morning.

. This rule of Mr. Gladstone' against Sunday travelling (according to the "Manchester Guardian' correspondent) placed him in a rather inconvenient position when at one time the Queen took to invit- ing him to dine and sleep at Windsor on Saturday night, and did not extend ker invitation over Sun- day. When this occurred, Mr. Gladstone used to remove himself on Sunday from the Castle to the Deanery,and remain till Monday as the guest of Dean Wellesley. This came to the Queen's ears, and a r more considerate arrangement was adopted.

Mr. Louis J. Jennings, M.P., has been at work again unearthing official abuses. Ile has prepared an elaborate case against the War Office, showing some startling instances of wasteful expenditure. Mr. Jennings gives poor Mr. Ash mead Bartlett a hard time of it.

There is something for the Archbishop of Canter- bury and the "Church Times" to prayerful ly con- sider. It is stated that of the three thousand Mormons who recently met in convention in New Zealand no less than two thousand were ex-mem- bers of the Church of England.

It may be worth while mentioning that Mdme. Patti's fee for Saturday afternoon's concert was /SOO ; not a bad afternoon's work. Mr. Percy Harrison has been fortunate enough to obtain Mdme. Patti's services for two—years—for certain concerts in London, and a series in the provinces. Lucky Mr. Harrison.

A knowledge of the Welsh langnage is evidently not possessed by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, for on a vicar in the Principality sending up in the usual way the name of a new church- in his parish, 1 the Commissioners' wrote back to ask to what saint the edifice had been dedicated, _not suspecting that the name forwarded them was the vernacular for the Virgin Mary. ,

Dr. John Mackintosh, author of the " History of Scotland" which Mr. Fisher Unwin is about ter publish, is a secondhand bookseller of Aberdeen. He is a regular dryasdust, and pores over the books. His customers used to wonder what he was always doing. As it turned out be was writing his excel- lent History of Civilization in Scotland," for which the University of his native town conferred on him the degree of LL.D.

Lady Colin Campbell. who writes the articles "A Woman's Walks," which appear every week in the World over the signature "Vera T. Tsaritsyn," is said to be "one of the most efficient, reliable, and th °roughly business-like journalists (men or women) in England." Lady Colin is also "a most careful book-reviewer, a very fair art critic, and a first-rate descriptive writer.' Our authority, Woman, adds that" she can use d typewriter herself."

Mr. Labouchere has discovered a new instance of the Queen's economy. He learns that whenever her Majesty sends servants, horses, carriages, and heavy luggage by sea to Scotland or elsewhere, all the expenses are paid by the Admiralty, on the ground that George IV. used to send these ifrpedimenta to Scotland by sea, and that if the Queen prefers to send hers by land she is entitled to "free delivery," as she might have sent them free by sea.

Further particulars are to hand concerning the triumphs won in Melbourne by Sir Charles and Lady Halle. Immense assemblages filled the auditorium of the Town Hall on each occasion of their appear- ance, and their perfermances created, a well-nigh unprecedented amount of enthusiasm. Sir Charles Mall's interpretation of Beethoven's sonatas evoked special eulogy, one example being forthcoming at each concert; while the Australian critics appear to have exhausted all their superlatives on Lady Hanes playing of her briefer solos.

The biggest thing in the,way of the organisation of female labour that has yet been attempted is now being pushed forward by the Melbourne Trades Hall Council. It is nothing less than a monster union of servants, barmaids, and waitresses. The Melbourne Council have organised every male trade in the Victorian metropolis, and have succeeded in getting. one large branch of female labor—the tailoresses—tp organise. The tailoresses have built an assembly room of their own on the Trades Hall reserve, and hold their weekly meetings with business-like order and regularity.

Stanley's "In Darkest Africa" is already an assured success in the most emphatic—that is, in the financial—sense of the term. Over and above the immense number of copies sent out on baturday and Monday last, the publishers, it is stated, are now selling 500 additional copies a day. This for a two-guinea book, and one, moreover, which was boldly subscribed for by the" trade" to begin with, is in itself a remarkable proof of the keen and wide- spread interest which everywhere prevails to read the book itseltand not to be content as usual with a mere "review " of it.

-- Emin Pasha has just sent an interesting letter to Mr. F. A. Brockhaus, the Gdrman publisher, in re- gard to overtures for an account of his experiences in Equatoria. He states that he has already received "ten different invitations to book-writing from Germany alone," but that, for the present at all events, he must decline the task. At the same time he promises that if he does find leisure on his new expedition to do any literary work the manuscript shall at once be forwarded to Mr. Brockhaus. Emin asks that his Germancorrespondent should at once send him the first available copy of Stanley's work.

Mr. James A. Duncan, the Liberal member for Barrow, is connected with the town by reason of the fact that his father, the late Mr. David Duncan, was its tirst member. Mr. Duncan is thirty-two. He was educated at Amersham Hall School and at Trinity College, Cambridge, of which he is an and L.L.B. He is a member of the Inner Temple, and is on the Northern Circuit. Mr. Duncan, Who is an active member of the Eighty Club, is an effective, speaker, and soon made himself pepular with the people of Barrow. Mr. Stephen Williamson, the member for the Kilmarnock Burghs, is Mr. Dun- can's uncle.

Freedom of divorce seems to have become a 1 plank of the new party. It is now recommended 1 59 the right remedy for desertion ; and a Bill em- bodying this principle has been introduced to Par- liament by Mr. Hunter, Mr. Asquith, Air. Cobb, Mr. Venwick, and Mr. Herbert Gardner. Its chief clause does away with the necessity for the plea of cruelty in the petition of a wife, and would give husband and wife equally a claim to divorce' if guilty of desertion for four years and np*ards without reasonable excuse. The term of • reasonable ex- cuse "is left very vague. The measure is undoubt edly a sign of the times.

-- Mr. Crawford, the member for Durham, is dead. He was one of the Radical working-class members who were returned for the first time in 1885. He was a Northumberland miner, was born in Northum- berland, educated in Northumberland, and worked in a Northumbrian pit. He became a union leader some years ago, and at last became almost the chief agent of the Durham Miners' Association. For his services he was named, after the Reform Bill of 1885, to represent the Durham miners. When Mr. Gladstone declared in favour of Home Rule, Mr. Crawford at once ranged himself on the side of Ins leader, and that he had acted according to the opinion of his constituents was made clear by his return without opposition in 1880.

The conference between the Leeds Corporation Gas Committee and the representatives of the stokers was lesumed on Thursday, and a report of the prooceedings was made to a special meeting of the Town Council, at which steps were taken which, it is confidently expected will lead to a speedy settlement of the dispute. The town was again on Thursday night in darkness, but there was no renewal of the disturbances. - -----

DON'T buy water Rt the price of soap--" SUNLIGHT SOAP" is guaranteed pure and genuine.—At. To DARKEN GREY HATR.—Lockyer 8 Sulphur Hair Restorer Is the quickest, best, safest, and cheapest. Large Bottles, Is. 6d. Everywhere.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
q!arittiM.'

- - - A man that can tell good advice from bad Aoes not need it. The chief canker at the root of women's lives is the want of something to do. A man'a money is the acknowledgment of how much lushes done for somebody else. Those only can flnd true friends who have in them- selves the will and capacity to be such. Pleasure is the mere accident of our being, and work its natural and most holy necessity. Accustom yourself always to look at the bright side of things, and never make a fuss about trifles. When you shut the door of hope of any human soul, you may at once give up all chance of its reformation. Be who tries to solve the problem of his own exist- ence will And that it takes just a little longer than a lifetime. The last half of a religious controversy' generally con- sists in concealing the fact that neithegparty knew what he was talking about. Time, the only mortal gift bestowed equally onievery living soul, and, excepting the soul, the only mortal loss which is totally irretrievable. Every man'3 success is within himself, and must come out of himself. No true, abiding, and just success can come to any man in any other way. A human being should be improving with every day of a lifetime, and will probably have to go onllearning throughout all the ages of immortality. It has often been said that the world consists mainly of fools, and one proof of it is that each individual fool is eager to apply the statement to humanity at large. Miss O'Grady: "Well, but if you're a Dublin man, how came you to be born in Cork?" Mr. M•Guire "Shure it's just this—l was staying thereat the toime r Indignant landlord (to tenant of flat) : "I thought you said that all your children were grown up, and here you've got these noisy babies in the house." Tenant '" Yes: these are my grandchildren." "You see," said Uncle Job, "my wife's a cur'ous woman. She scimpecl, and saved, and almost starved all of us to get the parlour furnished nice, and now she won't let one of us go into it, and hain't even had the window blinds of it open for a month. She is a cueous woman." , Moore records what Lord EllenborOugh said tO the barrister, upon his asking, in the midst of a most boring harangue. "Is it the pleasure of the Court that I should proceed with my :statement?" "Pleasure, Mr. —, has been out of the question for a look time; but you may proceed." "Mother, I can never win the medal for good be- haviour," exclaimed a boy just from school; "I've tried and tried, but some other pupil always gets it." "But -you must keep on trying," said his mother, encourag- ingly. "It's no use,' replied the boy, "I shan't try any more. It's a clean waste of goodness." Without love life is Scarcely worth living; with it, the worst blows of fortune fall comparatively muffled and harmless. So long as we love and are beloved, we can bear the whips and stings with' stoical equanimity. When love fails us, or the beloved is taken from us. then are our armour of pride, our defence, and our safeguard gone. Oldboy (handing a •postcard to the clerk ) : "Will that go all right?" Postal clerk: " Certainly ! Why shouldn't it ? " Oldboy : "Well, after I wrote it I acci- dentally got a little blot on the front side of it, and, you know, Nothing but the address is to go on this side' is printed here. I wasn't sure whether blots counted or not." The attachment of perfect friendship was exhibited (says Jerdan) by Coleman in the instance of a loving pair of cronies stagg.ring home from the tavern, when one tumbled into the channel and besought his com- rade to help him up. " -kh, no," hiccuped the true friend, "I am too drunk to do that; but, my dear boy, I will lie down by you," which was no sooner said than done. Emily : Did George propose last night as you thought he would ?" Rose (without much enthusiasm): "Yes, he proposed." Emily: "Did you accept him ?" Rose: "Of course." Emily: "But you don't appear to be very happy over it." Rose "I am not. There is a gather- ing doubt about George in my mind." Emily: "You surprise me.. On what account, Rose?:' Rose: "He didn't appear to be sufficiently nervous over it. (Throw- ing herself into her friend's arms and bursting into tears.) Oh, Emily, I'm afraid George has proposed to some girl before. A gentleman of very 'penurious habits was lucky enough frequently to secure for himself free passes to the theatre. Flis difficulty in availing himself of these was great, as the rules of the house demanded the de- posit of overcoats, &c., in the cloak-room, for which the charge was sixpence, and being weak of constitution, he could not go to the theatre without some extra wraps. Fortunately for him there was a pawnshop in close proximity to the theatre, andi thither he repaired to deposit his exterior coverings with his uncle, re- I ceivine a shilling of loan, for which he paid a penny ,1 At the 'termination of the play he redeemed his wearing apparel. A DRINK or Max.—The tempting form of "milk shake" is compounded with some aerated or sparkling water or soda waters. To make pure milk as sold in towns more easily digestible than it is to some persons, all that is necessary, says a medical adviser, is to shake it up well together, and to sip it slowly. Shake the milk violently for a few minutes in a covered goblet, and then drink it immediately (but not hastily) before it has time to separate aeain. Alter standing some hours, as all city milk has done on its way to town, the perfectly homogenous article that came from the cow is separated,

first by the rising of the cream from the osseous or cheesy milk, and later by the tendency to divide into whey and curd. Although this latest process is percep- tible only in souring milk, the fluid undergoes such con- stant changes that it is Dr. Morgan's opinion it should always be shaken before drinking it, except it is taken quite warm from the cow. TEACH THE Gram TO SWIM. —Girls should more gene- rally be taught the delightful amusement of swimming. To jump into the water and breast the waves is as ex- hilarating to the spirits as hunting and jumping over a good fence.. It is also a glorious exercise—one of the best that can be taken. It expands the chest; it promotes digestion; it des-lopes the muscles bringing into action some Muscles which are seldom brought into play*; it strengthens and braces the whole frame, and thus makes the swimmer resist the liabilities of catching cold. Swimming gives a lady courage, energy, and sell-reliance; it may be the means of saying human life—this alone is a great recommenda- tion. Swimming is best taught to a girl in a large • swimming bath, and afterward it may be indulged in in the sea. At public schools the boys are generally taught ta.friv.i.m.,and IV ought to be necessity also with i‘o.„ "r 61149 .serg,cl :Hid" White A suiw braid can be made with little expense, and yet be pretty. QUICK WORK TN A LAW COUET.—Mr. Serj cant Robin- son says that Common Serjeant Mirehouse got through his cases with extraordinary rapidity, yet was a man of strict integrity, determined to do justice to all. "I have known Mirehouse," he says, "more than once sentence a man to seven years transportation at the end of as many minute's from the commencement of the trial." This was the common form with him. A prisoner might be indicted for stealing a purse from a woman in the street. The Common Serjeant to the prosecutrix, after getting her name and address: "Were you in such a street on such a day ?" "Yes, my lord." "Dad you a purse in your hand?" "Yes, my lord." "Policeman, produce the purse. Is that your purse ?" "Yes, my lord." "Did you see the prisoner?" "Yes, my lord:" " What did he do?" "He snatched the purse from me, and ran away." Mirehouse to the prisoner: " Prisoner, do you Wish to ask the witness anything?" "No, my lord." "Policeman, did you apprehend the prisoner?" yes, my lord, and found this purse upon him." "Did he say anything ?" "He said he picked it up in the street." "Prisoner, do you wish to say anything to the jury ?" "No, my lord, except what I told the police- man is true." V:firehouse "Well, gentlemen of the jury, if you believe the evidence, you will say that the pri- soner is guilty. Ile says lie picked up the purse in the street. I have walked the streets of London for many years now, and I have never been lucky enough tomick up a purse; perhaps some of you have. Consider your verdict." 'The verdict would be speedily given, and the Common Serjeant, without using a single superfluous word, would pass sentence. KEEP up your courage and keep down expense by using " SUNLIGHT SOAP.'—Advt. THE "SELF RESTIRER." Its marvellous recuperative powers fully explained, also showing plainly how fto restore Vital Strength and Energy to the most debilitated Men, who will find in this invention a Boon. No medicine, trouble, or the expense of doctor's bills. Particulars with invaluable Diet rules, post free. To be had from DEVAN and CO., Regis- tered Chemists, 175, Warclour-street, Oxford-street, London, W.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18900705_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t,

===== 0002601_18900705_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JULY 5,489.0.

HOW TO WIN ELECTIONS.

(BY P. M. CAMPBELL, LIBERAL AGENT TOR THE NEWTON DIVISION). (Concluded.) It •is a matter of course that any suggested change in the system, designed to supply present deficiencies and to comply with the arduous essen- tials- here laid down, must differ in principle very widely. from anything hitherto tried among us. That is the fault of, the needs of the case, not of those who propose remedies. The gist of any change, in the system should be in the direction of the wide development of individual responsibility. At present some 300 or 500 persons are expected to look more or less vaguely after the whole body of the local Liberals, and the local Liberal policy. For this should be substituted a system, the basis of which should be that every individual should be the special care of some other individual nember of the party. The principle is simplicity itself. The application is not very difficult, and need, not introduce any great revolu- tion into the present form of organisation. But it is the spirit that must be entirely changed. The size of the Newton Division -may be taken as the average size ,of single-member constituencies, or taken roughly, say at 10,000. In London the 'actual average may be placed at 8,000, with a Tory pro- portion of votes judged by the polling, of about 19 to 17. In the English boroughs, ttie average is about 8,500 and the balance of party votes about equal ; and in the counties the average is 'about 10,000, and the Liberal votes and the proportion of a little more than three to.two. This is only a rough estimate, gathered from tho figures published by "The Pall Mall Gazette." As the difficulties of orgadisation are almost proportionate to the size of the electorate, it will be better to err in too large than too small an estimate. Let us take therefore our own constituency, 'or one with an electorate.of. 10,000 in which there are, or should be, 6,000 Liber- als." The principal of the proposed organisatiort is to divide the whole party into small groups, each under the care of an active member of the partk, , and to sub-divide the leaders of these grouprinto other groups, and so render them easily susceptible , to influence.

THE STARTING-POINT of the organisation should be the division of the rank and file into small groups. The number of each group should not exceed twelve, and thus in a perfected organization there would be about 500 of them. Each group Should be ' under the care of a leader elected from and by the members of id them- selves. The leader should be responsible for the bealthy political condition of the members. He would keep himself informed of their opinions, see that they had proper knowledge of political quepticries ; and 'undertake the practical work of registration, canvassing, and polling. ,In return they should look to him for any information on political affairs 'that they needed, and he should be their mouthpiece in the affairs of the party. The political ties between them should be made as close as possible. All this would be easily practicable where the leader and group together did not exceed twelve in number.f These 500 group leaders should form a Genera Council, and would answer roughly in form to the 300 or 500 of the present system. But the similarity would bern form onlyets the definite personal work and responsibility would 'change the character of the duties to be done, and the spirit in which they would be done. Experience has shown, however, that 500 workers in a constituency are not to be found sufficiently zealous to carry in their work without bode -inducement and supervision. These 500 group leaders or whatever else you may name them, would be themselves divided into groups 'of ten. And we suggest that locality would be found the most workable basis of any plan of division. Each of these groups should elect its leader, who should be its representative in a council of PO, answering again roughly in form to the Executive Committee of the present system. As in the case of the group of the rank and file, so each member of this s'econd council so chosen should be responsible for keeping the other nine members up to their work, receiving from them reports, offering them such form of inducement as the constituency and their circumstances might afford, suggesting to them the course of their work, and generally super- vising them. Experience, again, comes in to show that even executive committees can doze, and that the real work of management is done by a much smaller body (in this division notably by less than one tenth of the whole number). These fifty should therefore be again grouped, and each ten should elect two members to a control council of ten, on whom the main directions of the work of the local party would fall. In addition to the arrangement of the party matters, and to their work as members of the Councils of 50 and 500 each, two members should be required to keep their eight electors up to their duties. In such a system, when phrfected, there would be two advantages of paramount im- portance; there-would be close connected and inti- mate relations between the numbers of the whole jitney from the top to the bottom,. and each man would have his work and his responsibility, neither being beyond his capacity. ANNUAL ELECTIONS, ' The election ot every mettiber of the association should take place annually some time in winter, since that is the time at which political feeling is most easily aroused. Had we been doing six months ago what we are doing now, we should have been all the better for it. Annual elections would be necessary to ensure that thewhole party was in touch, and to keep alive political ,interest. The best time for them would probably be in the month of January, before the meeting of Parlise ment. The method of election should, be by ballot- card, and not at meetings. It is not, of course, con- tended that such an organization, can be created immediately, or without much hard: work. But it is contended, in the first place. that it is practicable; , and in the second,that the present oandidature and prospects of the party are such as to offer the neces- sary time that is wanted for the work. The first difficulties would be considerable., and the perfect- ing could only be carried out after some time. The present obstacles would arise• mainly from the former errors., They are chiefly concerned with our unfortunate uncertainty as to who are and who are not Liberals. This would touch. the first stop— namely, the division of the party into groups. That we cannot do all that *e would iseao,reason, how- ever, why we should not do all that we can: ande even as matters are, we can do a great deal. If on. of our supposititious 10,000 we cannot get 6,000 'Liberals, We should begin with 44000, or 3,000, oe 2,000, begin anywhere that we can find a starting point. It weuld be, moreover, probably impossible. at first to linve the gioup leaders- elected. They would have to be either appointeddrom with in the party, or solicited to, volunteer. The full number of 500 could, however, and should„ be got ' together, ' and they should be selected, as far aspossible;froda the same social ranks aothOse who are believedfto constitute the bulk, of the party.. The getter* together of ehe 500 'ought not to.be difficult, if tbe present association were utilized for the purpose, together with Liberals Clubs, where they exist. Every means should be adopted to stir up local enthusiasm, and, what is so rarely done, advantage should be promptly taken of, this when aroused. Directly the 500 were forthcoming, the minor councils might at once be formed, and personal work and responsibility forthwith developed. There would be bat poor heart in the work if within twelve months the limits of the party -were not sufficiently ascertained to- admit of the method ; of election being possible among the first:groups. Obviously the work of each,of the 500 during that year would largely be the development of. his par- ticular group. Nixing as fresey and frevently possible with these in hieeharge, each group leaden. could hardly fail to discoVer their political lean- ings, and so be. able to enrol them as, friends or report them es antagonists. In two years, or at the outside three years,the system sho,ild be firmly' established. Such an organization as we lave• sketched would be, in the first place, 11110ROUGZGX DRMOCRATra,

riEr

ii

fl 4

H

HI

H'

H 4

and calculated to gain the confidence of all classes of the party. It would ensure the amplest re- presentation of all kinds and degrses of opinion, and would yet be free from the taint of wire-pul- ling in its ordinary and unpleasant sensee. The opinion when expressed would be the opinion of all, and not of a few. They would be the result of the collected thought of the whole party. It would be, moreover, a strong feature, that. the electors would be led by the men of their own class, whom they have elected to lead them. Each member of the MO would thus most thoroughly understand the wishes and desires of those whom he represented, and would, as it were, breathe the , same political air with them. The smallness of the groups, their number, and the frequency of election would hinder the fostering of those unpleasant ele- ments of cliquism and jealousy which have wrought ' so much distrust. The system would admit of the most rapid dissemination of any programme or plan among the whole party. The council of ten would have merely to hand what it might be desired to

DR. SOULE'S "HOP BITTERS" are the PUREST CHEAPEST,+ and BEST BITTERS .011. SOULE'S ; EVER MADE- (They are com- pounded front HOPS, BUCIEU; anAdND&AKEI PODOPHYLLIN, DR. SOULE'S, M EDELION—the oldest, best, and' mosts valuable medicinee Di, stymy's. , . the world, and contain all the , best andmost curative properties of . all other Bitters, being the greatest BLOODPUR Irma, LIVER REMI- T" LATOR. foul Life and Health Restoring Agent on earth. No dis- ease or ill-health can vossibly long ORIGIIcaL exist wltere these Bitters are used, IND OMNI' so varied and perfect are their operations. THEY GIVE NEW LIFE and GENUINE VIGOUR to the aged and infirm. To all whoseemployments cause irregu- larity of the bowels or urinary 'OP BITTERS Vfearn, I.ToGrniewhoandreliliVie SatTimtEet, . these Bitters are invaluable' being "OP 'BITTERS ' highly • sto ' curative. tonic, and rm- , . lating, WITHOUT INTOXICAIT- "OP 81TTE.1.18," ING. 'DO NOT SUFFER YOURSELF -OP"BUTEM or LET YOUR FRIENDS SUFFER, but USE and URGE THEM to USE 'OF.B/TTEns DR. SOULE'S "HOP BITTERS." Remember Dr. Soule's Hop Bit- :p, BITTERS tors Is no vile, drugged nostrum, ` but the Purest and Best Medicine - ever made: the "INVALID'S :OP BITI3IIB =END and HOPE," and nn per- son or family should be Without HOP 'Bin:JIM- them. TRY the BITTERS TO-DAY OBSERVE. HOP. BITTERS ' The HOP BITTERS CO. (Limi- ted), in consequence of the liumer- HOP' BITTERS ens imitations of their world- renowned medicine, have deemed it prop, BITTERS desirable to bring the name of the originator of the celebrated "Hop Bitters" (DR. SOULE) more pro- 10P BUTERS minently before the public in order ~, to prevent future impositions, and have altered their announcements accordingly. Sold only in square nrIBE amber-coloured pannelled bottles, E - with Dr. Soule's name blown in RIGETAL the glass, and on the white label a '40,,j, Green Hop Cluster, with the words AND ccsix . nop BITTERS, and at its foot our -name and address, the Hop Bitters ,GENou.NE Co. (Limited), 41, Farringdon-road, London, E.C., a Government stamp over the cork and neck of the DR. SOULE'S bottle. For sale by all Chemists and Dr—% SOULE'S, Druggists. In two sizes, 4s. 6d. and • 28. 6d. SOULE'S', "HOP BITTERS." DR. SOULE'S "HOP BITTERS."

DEATH OE MR. W. CRAWFORD, M.P.

The Press. Association's Durham correspondent tele- graphs that Mr. Wm. Crawford, member for Mid-Dur- ham, died at his residence, North-roads Durham, at six o'clock on Tuegday mwning, somewhat unexpectedly. Mr. Crawford had been under medical treatment for a considerable time, but was able to attend to his Parlia- mentary and other business, and was present during a portion of a meeting at the Coal Trade Hall, Newcastle, on Monday. Fatal symptoms set in at five o'clock on Tuesday morning.' Mr. Crawford was returned as the Liberal member for Mid-Durham at the general election of 1835 by 5,799 votes, against the Hon. A. V. Tempest (C), who polled 3,245. The aeceased member accepted the Home Rule programme, and was re-elected in 1888 wbhout opposition.

In the sick room, as a disinfectant. use " SUNLIGHT SOAP." Advt. A FAIR BEAUTIFUL Sum—Sulphaline Soap gives the natural tint and peach-like Bloom of a perfect complexion ; makes the Skin smooth, supple, healthy, comfortable. 6d, Tablets. Everywhere.—Advt. PILES.—This painful complaint in its worst form speedily and permanently mired by Patent PILO-CUBA. Astounding cures effected. Tesiamonials. Send. stamped envelope for treatment. Agents wanted. Binns, 10. Regent Place, Keighley.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
distribute to those members of the council of fifty for whom they were responsible. Each of these, again, would communicate directly with his nine fellow-group-leaders, and each group-leader would have but his eleven electors to deal with. The pro- cess would be simple, rapid, direct, effective, and cheap. The opinion of the party could also be gathered with the greatest possible swiftness on any particular measure or proposal, whether of the Government or Opposition. The importance of this cannot be over-estimated. Hitherto we have had to rely upon close or public meetings. The power under the proposed system would be infinitely greater and more valuable. In a tew hours, compaYatively speaking, the whole masses of the Liberal party in the country could express opinions on which Minis- ters and- members of Parliament could rely. For purposes of petitions such a party maehinery would have singular advantages. In a few hours thou- sands of signatures from electors—a most impor- tant consideration—could be gained With little trouble. ' The maintenance of ti condition of

===== 0002601_18900705_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTHY POLITICAL ACTIVITY

would be a work of Much greater ease than at pre- sent. Instead of the indiscriminate sprinkling and scattering of a few drops of political information in an amateur and entirely haphazard manner, the waters from the chief fountains would be carried by proper channels throughout the whole party. The practical work of registration would be lightened to a vast extent. The group leaders would have charge of their immediate groups, and any change of residence among the members would be at once known and noted. From the members themselves would be ' 'gained easily enough the knowledge of new comers and the task of the agent would be minimised. The importance of this con- oideration can only be eotimated when we bear ,in mind that the residence qualification must soon be greatly reduced, and unless some thoroughly eci- ent and popular. machinery is in existence, the agents will be powerless to cope With the difficul- ties caused by the removals of small householders. •Again, in simplifying proceeding, at elections the value of such a system would be more apparent than even in registration work. In view of the reduc- tion of election expenses, prior tO their being thrown upon the rates, this is a matter of the first , consequence. It is for the Liberals to shoW how cheaply elections can on the average be conducted. This is wanted as a guide for future legislation. A thoroughly democratic organisation is the surest preliminary—indeed, the great essential of cheap- ness. In canvassing the merits of such an organisa- tion would also be conspicuous. Instead of a number of volunteers, whose commendable enthu- siasm is too frequently counter-balanced by their unfortunate inexperience, there would be a large band of men, each knowing his work and trained by former experience, instantly available: In poll- ing the electors, the work would agate) be so sub- divided as to be extremely simple. Each group leader would be responsible for caxmassing and bringing to the poll the members of his group.. The organisation of meetings, whether large, or eniall, would be effectively assisted. The merest beginner in nolitical work knows the effect of. personal solicitation for getting together an audience, and that would become generally practicable: The ;importance of all this will become more and more ;urgent with pIHE DEVNLORMIT OF LOCAL SELF-GOVPSECOMM The institution of County Councils will emphasize this. There Can be little doubt that these elections will be fought on political grounds, and theemMt- tories will go to the best organised, as wasAseen Ht one of the recent elections to our Board of Commis- sioners. Tkere are other advantages whicthimight beenuraeritted but it must suffice to draw attendant tothe really great value of anch a system ler the plarposee of political education. The machinery would admit of an accurate guage being taken of thepoliticak condition of the entire party; and it would bet matter of comparatively slight libour to detect in what portion of the' party and on what subject there was the chief need fbr enlightenment andeducatiom. Every rationaltpolitician woulaike to see the ereil of parrot cries intpolitica, and ta,sttb- stitute for diem intelligeat opinions' based' on knowledge: We went men to say "Aye" to,the Liberal programme because t3ey anderstand it, and nob because any particular Pander has declared for it. TO secure. tide end, the- men must be reached individuallyaoroas. nearly individually as possible: Of the need et this thorough education every salon: of the Tory party, every election dodge they have patented, every primrose indacement they have held outaevery species of party ccercion-they have pima-, tised,, every miberable means of mioleading the populace to which they halm resorted, combine to pileup mountains of reason's, /s.aris it only from, the Teries that this urgenty oames. The faige prophetic abroad, and the masses are in only too. much.dangerof'being misle&in a direction in the 'reverse of Toryism,. They need to, be guarded against the excesses into wh:iairthe-so-called work.. ing-men agitator, would lead theniamict to be taught to decide for themselves between the "still small voice" of true•democratic progress and the delusive. tunes of retrogressive and revolatiopary prow,. ganda: Of all advantages -which, may be claimed' for the systeratol organisation, by the development of individual responsibility the educational ties they.offErare the strongest and best.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
NO

isttF rr of " The Mystery of Moor Farm," "On the 'Win's of the Wind,', .‘ Through Flood, Through Fi)e," #c., dze.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER L

14 THEAE'S A SWEET LITTLB CHERUB THAT SITE BP mon." "Gronos—George Collier, I sly I" "Hello ! " cried a voice high up in the side of the cutting. "What's the mdter, William " "Got a bit o'news, lad. Shall I tell thee P " "Why. ever did ye come along if not, Bill. And I say," continued the owner of the voice, "if I wee you, 'William, I wouldn't stand in the 'six-foot' jest when the express was a-comin'. Not from choice, I wouldn't." _ .

"Au," replied the man addeessed, whose appear- ance an experienced eye would at once put down es that of a "locomotive fireman or driver, "you're right, George. Here she comes." The hist-running. train, for so "she" was, came tearing along the metals, the head-light and the lamps in the carriages burning pale in the early morning twilight. In a meeent the roar and rat'le had ceased, and the last speaker stepped from the line to the bank, for he had carried on his conver- sation with his friend George standing between the two lines of rail. , The signal-box was perched up in the catting near the " clown " end, of it. It was a long-legged. box of an old pattern, from which the occupant could command a bird's-eye view, of Nature and see over the intervening distance to where a tunnel yawned in the side of the hill, a mile away at least. Close to the tunnel, on the opposite side of the line to the box in the cutting, was another "box," and near it a pretty cottage enclosed by a small but. well-kept garden. This was the . residence of Rays mond, the paintsman, and hi daughter Lucy. To the elevation of the .signal-box in whieW George Collier was occupied, Bill, the fireman,. made his way by a steep ladder or stair. He mounted slowly as if he was not quite certain what steps to take when he had reached the top. But foot by foot ho mounted, and at last, apparently With reluctancerhe reached the door in the cabin" and entered. His friend George had been watching him, only moving his arm to touch au electric bell in response to‘aome signal from the following or preceding box on the line. Jack, as his intimates called him, was a quiet and self:contained man, and as little like a "Jack-in the-Ben" as any one could he in a bed andlive. Bill entered, ignoring the* reonest that no one would enter " except' on busimess„ and he shut the , door carefully behind.him. Then, taking a general =rye, of the surroundings, hieseated himself upon the signalman's bench, and wiped his ferehead with his sleeve. "Stoop ladder thuti, George,: lie said. "Fine exereiseer suppose ?".• ; "May-be it is," replied his friend;' "-but if that were all; ye came to say it might have been said below, William." "You won't be off tliis job to-night, dare say," contintedfiWilliam. "Well, then„ I've something to say, and as you can't move I must tell y.a. Don't ye be alarmed, mate." • " Alarmed! Afearedl Is it me? It would take a good lor to alarm a sane man who's fit to work levers and points for eighror ten hours. SO what is it, man ? dut with it." "Well, then, Lucy "What about her?" exclaimeddlie signal Man, in a fierce toneehis hand clenching the lever tightly. "Not a wonbigainst Lucy, or f shake the life out of you!" Nowt then," returned Willinra addeessing nobody in particular, anti looking: a the laver. "There! That's all one gets for telling a friendly weird. Did I say anything against iter„raatie?.l" he added, suddenly; "Come aiow? "No, ye didn't, William," replied the young . .

signalman, celteler; "and sa ye are alive int conse- quence. But ii 'ye do say aught against her,. you'll find your ways clown to them f up' Metals behalf a second. Therari my warning for ycie: and now ye can proceed slow, or shunt your tongue tee another • line, if ye likeee' "Very we 11,,, then," reterted • his- friend,, "I'll leave ye to fuel out; and next time I take the , trouble to climb a crow's nesti to please cepa-limn= . may I be hanged for a fool.'" "No fear, now, William replied the still ex- , aoperated signaleaan. " 'li.ey'Ve left ye alone a ' ' long time, and won't go back on it Good (key, to , ' ye. We needn't fight on this, ye know,' William vouchsafed no reply; butt turnediresuid • to. leave the cable. "Hold hard a minute," 'said. Jaeke snlidenly "don't go. I'm. sorry I spoke, there,, and I asks , • yer pardon, Bill. Now, what about Lucy?, Say." ' "Shan't," wee the unsatislactory answer. "Find out, ax about 1" "Don't rile me again Billie What' ee the matter with Lucy ? Don t ye imove ye'ie keepie me on pins and needles.? G 9 ahead, man." "Well, then, elee's started off,--gone,,l hear." "Gone ? Lev. Lusy.gone assay? Look here, Bill, no foolin', round. • Speak eat, man," he .added, fiercely, laying hisr hand on the fireman's collar, "speak out all you /MOW or ler Jingo I'll - send ye to blazeespeciel. Speak out 1.7 : " Let gee you idiot," replied Bill; " she's left home, and the yaung raen—the soldier-officer chap— has took her they say. Now you've heard that— , "Aye, so I haver•replied,the young man; "and if anyone but you,' Bill' Bostley, had told me as much I'd ha' chucked hien out window. Go clown, man, afore. Ldo ye a. mischief. Oh, Lucy,' it can't be truer' " He sat downeand, burying his face in his hands, remained silent. Bill wisely took advantage of the pause to leave the box and, make the best oe his way down the ladder-like steps to the line again, where he felt himself safe, though-another sad piece of news be did not tell, as he.reight have done but for George's violence. He was not surprised at the emotion exhibited by, the signalnian, for he, in common with many others in the village and in the little town adjacent, were aware of Collier'e attachment, to Lucy Raymond. George had fancied he had more right than anyone to her affection, and this was his reward It had become an understood thing that George and Lucy would make a match of it some day—in fact as• soon as ever she was of an age and disposition • to marry; but although she had reached the former, she did not always appear to have attained the latter• desideratum—at any rate'so far as George was con- cerned. ' The young man sat down and buried his face in, his hands. He scarcely roused himself to signal an approaching train, and then it occurred to him that, in all probability, according to new arrangements, Raymond himself was in the next signal-box; but he got no answer. Did he know of this, and. if so, why had he not told him ? His mind then wandered far away fit= his work into the past. The present faded from his brain mid thoughts. His memory recalled the old days when Lucy was a child. Their, frequent meetings,, and quite lately how he had, as he fancied, won her gratitude and affection by a daring deed. He had risked his life and his situation for her sake; had placed other lives'in jeopardy, and now she had run away from him and from' her home. With whom? Could it be possible that lie— Layton—was her companion? Such a suggestion made his blood boll, and he started to his feet as if to punish the couple who had thus played him false. It was only during the afternoon of the day just gone that he had had an assurance of affection from Lucy, as he imagined it 'Lebo. And now he was despised and scorned for a rival of a few weeks' standing. Ho swore to be revenged. George Collier was a determined man, yet not altogether a self-reliant one in emergency. He was quick to execute and rapid in his judgments, but they were not always reliable. He was honest and brave' and had made every effort to win Lucy, though, perhaps, making too sure of her. We may take a retrospective glance and relate the circum- stances wh7ch he fancied gave him an undoubted claim upon Lucy's affection. . . . Ilt. was well !known in Bowdale. when the railway came into the district, and he got employment. After a time George was sent up to the signals and enjoyed his new position. He may well have done so, physically, for the views spread out before him was extensive and beautiful. .0n the right an arm of the sea, the crisp waves beating on the curving beach, round which embanked the new-laid railway ran; beyond a river pouring through the wooded land into the bay, and purple hills which dated from an epoch thou- sands of years before, ere ice and snow had wrapped them in their chilling garments, and the land had been locked in wintry grasp for ages. - A fair prospect to look npou in summer, 'and George Collier gazed upon it with much pleasureable feeling. He was still occupied:in the yiew, watching the setting sun slowly descending, and the sea all aflame to welcome it, when across the fiery disc he perceived a boat, rowed by a Tonna-nisi alono

She apProaclied the land ripaivlhere the river swirled and tossed the flowing tide. The rain up amongst the purple hills had swollen the stream, and sent the waters from the hidden lake rushing to the sea in freedom. But the,salt water dick not like this freshfinroad on its wide domain, and it resisted stoutly, fighting inch by inch,fassisted by the wind which got up to struggle with the river. As Collier gazed, his attention was drawn to the boat, which had now by mismanagement got into'the race of the tide, and was 'leaping in a dangerous fashion in the short sea that rose around it. He did not like the look of things at all. The girl who was rowing seemed quite unable to manage the boat, and there was no one,lieatto help or shout for it. Collier,f,the signalman, had a full view of it efil. %he boat was not more than 200 yards away, and in

imminent:danger. "I must get 'em in," cried George aloud in Ids excitement: "They'll drown for certain unless

I do—Ah " The exclamation was called forth by the ringing of a bell in the signal-box. A. train yew coming up

the line. The young signalman glanced at the clock behie d him. He knew the mineral train was &se to shunt close by, and make room for a passenger train tc London. He gave the beat " all clear" and passed it on and looked out again. The boat was still teased about in the eddy. The girl could make but little way.. The sun had dipped —an angry light came across the tumbling water. A wave approached and almost tarried the boat over. George Collier could not stand it any longer. With- out a moment for reflection he rushed down the lofty steps, and hurried out along the Thee to gain the beach and save the boat if possible. The line was single than, andllaid beside the sea. Collier would have had no difficulty in reaching the water side but he kept the line and hastened' on. He had almost reached the boat when it upset,. and falling over in the rush of fighting waves it tilled and disappeared. Along deep whistle sounded the- requiem of the hapless occupant. Was he too late ?. George Collier heard the whistlis, and his heart stood still with sheer terror. He suddenly recollected that the passenger train was due at die cross-over, and the line being single, the mineral waggons would have to be shunted into the siding to-anake way for the fast train. No wonder his bloc& froze in his veins. The two Veins would soon be rushing to their destruction, and no earthly power could neer arrest their progress. It was true that the passenger train would slacken speed, when the driver caught sight el the danger signal, bat the mineral train would come on withont. a cheek and dash into the stationary vehicles.. George Collier felt as a murderer might be sup- posed to feel, and yet he was bent upon saving life at that vary' moment. These thoughts passed through his brain in a few- seconds as he was hastening to rescuethe =for- t:mate women in the water. The boat was floatine- Bottom upwards; a piece of a dress was vis4bre beneath it as he swam out. George clutched it des- pairingly,. and met with little resistance. He dived and rose with some young girl in his grasp, whom evenin that moment recognised as Lucy Raymond, the only daughter of the elderly pointsman, Jack Raymond, Collier'ii" mate." Hi hut was not far off, and George Collier had no time to lose. The rescue of the girl had not occupied .fire minutes from the time he had arrived upcsa the scene until the feat had been accom- plished, and he had scarcely time to regain the pointsraan's but. He hurried, therefore, to his own signal-ibox, shouting to the driver of the mineral train which was then approaching. The man did not appear to understand .the full meaning of the warning addressed to him, but ho comprehended that the signalman was improperly absent from his post, and; knowing that the I as- senger train was due, he slackened the speed of the train. Fortunate it was that he did so. The passenger train from the south had just arrived at the points, and Raymond,who was on duty, wouldrin another minute, have sent it,on to destruc- tion at full speed,' had not one of those unexplained interferences which men call " chance "- altered his intentions for the moment. A very common-place and, under worst circumstances, a most trivial inci- dent parented his workfrig for a few seconds He dropped his spectacles, and was obliged to stop and stoop and rub them before he felt he could open the shunting points. . The few seconds this little incident occupied-saved some Bees and many injuries. The passenger train came on indeed slowly • but the mineral 'train, warned.as the driver had been,was nearly at a stand- still when, the inevitable collision occurred at the points. Neither train left the metals, and no great damage-was :done to the rolling stock, but several passengers were shaken and one young man was incapable of all effort, He had been much cut about the headrand was carried to the pointsman's cottage close by to be attended to by the doctor. • Fortunately the accident was not a. serious one, and no claims were over made against the company, for in those happy days passengers had not studied the art of claiming damages, nor had the railway authorities learnt to ignore the convenience of indi- viduals.. Provision was made for those in any way injure& or inconvenienced; and consideratiourinpon one side met with appreciation on the other. George Collier helped to carry the wounded, man to Raymond's cottage, and the doctor found. two patients instead of one; but Lucy was quickly re- storedito her usual 'health, and attended upon the sick man, -whose eyes grew brighter,' and whose blood flowed more warmly when she approache& Had George Collier only guessed what misery his humane act would have caused him, he might have almost regretted. that the ,young tra.vellerladi been

CHAPTER IL A LOVEIVEI MEETING.. TNINGS did not promise well for GeorgaekleapptinesS just- then, but We will pass over eventa till we come tothe time our story opens. Days passed into weeks, and alter a.. month had glided away the young man was, in his own,estima- Hon,. fitted to travel. He had not been visited by nor had he communicated with any friends during his stay in the village. When he , became well enough he removed into lodgings in the town, but frequently—too frequently—came,over to see Lucy, and brought her many a present during the summer. , George Collier had loved Lucy all his life, but never had openly declared his passion. It was 'accepted as such a thing of course that ,George and Lucy should go to church together, that no one hinted at any other ending to the lives of these , young people. George himself came over to the e cottage as an assured lover—a little too sure perhaps , —for girls do not like to be taken without 'trouble, nor do they care to be looked upen as be-ma to wed , where no formal or regular wooing has been carried ; om'for sweethearting is very dear to some feminine minds. So George Collier found to • his cost one evening, after the stranger had quitted the neighbourhood, promising, however, to come again before he left -England. For he was a soldier, he said, serving in India, and had returned on furlough for a while. He had all the airs of a military man, and his tales of love and fighting had made a deep impression upon Lucy &tweet. I Thus it came to pass that when, George Collier; came over ono evening and began to reason with her about the stranger who had just left the town,. where his friendliness and frequent companionship with Lucy had been remarked ant told to George, she rose up and said 'trees "like. his impudence, tc interfere l'" "Like my impudence Lucy," he cried. "Well, come new, that's too Arong. Can you deny yor • have' been a-walkin' and a.talkin' half your time with that soldier fellow ? Impudence yourself." "No, I'm not going to deny it," replied the girl, disdainfully. "Why should I? What's the harm ?" "Not much. harm, I suppose, but I don't like it; and you must keep clear of him for the future." " fR do just as IS choose," retorted Lucy, defiantly. "So mind your own business, George Collier, and mind mine. I'm not responsible to you, I suppose ?" • "Lucy, don't be so hot-headed. You know that Ire your lather's consent for you to be my wife —remember that." 0, "What's that to me? You haven't mine, and. you'll have to get it first," said Lucy, "Not your consent? Why,. Luny, are you gone mad ? " exclaimed George. "No, not a bit. But when you talk of father's consent you make a mistake. Men o' spirit don't go asking fathers. They ask the girls their consent first, now." "Do you mean to say that you are not goin' ta marry me then?" cried George. "Do you mean to tell me I never asked you to be my wife, Lucy Raymond?" "No, you didn't ever ask me, George Collier," she sneered, feeling herself in the wrong and taking refuge in accusation. "A nice lever you make! There's many a slip atwixt cup and lip, and some people may find it so." "You didn't complain of me when I pulled you out of the boat yonder," said the young man, goaded into retort. "You were glad enough to cling to me then, and call me dear George." "That's like a man, always reminding a woman of what ha has done for her. If you only Dulledrao

ent-of fite water to be always dinning it in my ears, ra rather have taken my chance." "Oh, Lucy! "exclaimed the young man, reproach- fully, "Do you mean to say I have been dinning it in your ears. Why _rye never mentioned the subject since ----" "Well then, don't now. rm tired of it. Only when you talk of marrying me, I think you had better ask me first, or perhaps some one else will. "Same one else! Has it gone so far, then? BY-- ru kill any one that dares to talk to you of lovin'. As for that soldier chap, I'll soon put him out." George Collier was very angry, and he frightenoi Lucy not a little. There was no doubt that ho could easily have accomplished his threat had he and the "soldier chap" met, for the young signalman vas far the more powerful man of the two. His evident determination gave the girl a hint to retrace her steps. She had gone too tar, and with sudden tact she made an eflore "Don't be silly, George. A person would imagine I we were quarrelling about this ' soldier chap,' as you . tall him. Mr. Layton) is a very nice young man, and very liberal and kind; but after all women de like their old friends better than new ones—and--" She hesitated and glanced in a very becoming and coquettish manner at her angry lover. But George was still ruffled, and did not rise to the bait, tempting though it was. Lucy perceived that she could not explain matters farther, and she continued: "rm sure, George, / don't want to quarrel ; WO have been such friends always ;bet no girl likes a young man to come and claim her as if ,she was a. table or a chair which had no voice in its own disposal, Bev George, if you should ask me—that question -you know—what must I say ? " Her expression at this moment—her somewhat theatrical attitude and shy manner of holding her apron; the winning and apparently innocent glance' from her deep passionate eyes completely conquered the guileless George Collier. He accused himself of cruelty and harshness, and hastened to "make it up., "Lucy, darling, you know I love you, and have. always loved you. When I ask you to be my wife! Why you are almost my wife. So I know you will be really someday, soon: 'Won't you, Loo ?" "If you will take me George, she murmured., "But I am not, good enough for you." "Let me judge that. I'll make ye good enough when we're married, Lou; depend upon it," said thil • awkward lover, somewhat vaingloriously. " Allright,• my dear. Now no more fightin'; let's kiss and, be' friends." She submitted to his embrace, neither repelling' nor returning the caress. But she thought young Layton had never kissed her so coldly as George Collier. Could George have guessed what wee passing inher mind as he pressed her cheek warmlY, his lips would have withered her skin in their hot indignation. She permitted him to leave her then, and smiled upon him as he went, kissing her hand:to him as long as he looked back, her left jaim upon- her bosom, the • fingers within her dress as George drsappeared, and a piece of paper was in their grasp. She read and rceread the few lines it contained, and kissed them. Then she replaced them carefully in her dress and went indoors., "Why father, are you here ? " she exclaimed. " anything the matter "No, lass, I've only changed shifts with Dick this arternoon ;rm on for the night job. I seen that appearance again last night, Leo." "Again, father!" cried the girl, turning pale arid, looking terrified. "A second time! Are ye sure? "Sartain sure. It came over the line just by tb,o tunnel as it did afore ; then while I was stain' et ' the train tame along and it disappeared. I steppe" the train and asked, the men if they had seen it. They hadn't." " What do you think it is, father ?" inquired the' girl, who was greatly agitated. "Is it a spirit? ", She was so pale that he noticed it now, and tea her not to be put about. "There is a something • it, I suppose," he continued; appearances go for • something, and ghosts have walked in our family, el, least so I was told. But this here appearance--.7.„, "What is it like, father—a man or a woman r asked Lucy, anxiously, and with earnest expectathie of his answer. - " It "Like a tallish man," replied her father. appears ,by the tunnel mouth, and then looks up and down like a Christian. Then it crosses the line towards this way • and vanishes." "'When did it come first? Does it never go back

again" Never," replied the old. pointsman ; "0V At least, not as I see. But I'm up in the bog to- night, and if it comes along I'll tackle it. It's yeti annoying, and makes me feel light-headed like."' "They always come three times," said Luq, musingly; "and then it's .tha last warning. , }311.1 told me he had seen a ghost waving itearma inthø tunnel,. and they ran over a man just after." " Ah, well. It's a very, mysterious thing," efo" the old man to himself.. "We'll see something afore morning. Was that , George as you were talkin' t,o "yes, father, he came up for a chat, and we had a little bit of a bias, but made it up." "Aye, aye—lovere'quarrels. Kiss and be friends. All right, lass. Now I'm agoin to lie down, perhaioi' and sleep a turn. When tea's ready let me knolfr and I'll come up to time."' "Yes, father,' replied Lucy abstractedly, and thert- she went outside and sat down to work. But sad' denly remembering something, she hurried upstaill' and remained in her room for some tine.. she came down again and busied 'herself aboat thcr tea-things. She had lost all her vivacity now, 0,13 was pale and haggard-looking. "I wonder if it was a.ghost or not," she mate "Something is going to happen for sure!" z.(To.bet eartlimod.)

THU

E°P THE LATEST INVENTION THE HOUSEHOLD, 0, Gives ri perfect BLACK Pei...ll'llot polish instead of the grey dull-oil, lustreless bhine usually ssen' 55111 r applied without labour or the gr,,ets lity of dust on the Furniture or ore* and once done lasts ^ for ,raost or') 'leanly, simple, Unequalled• having the "Fireside Beauty' ""

"F , 'RESIDE BEAUTY'S

slack Lead. As supplied to Mrs. W. Gia(ll4°ue. To be had from all Co-operatiVe Stores and Gros Wholesale— ALLEN. TALLIS A '- 15, HANGING WWI. MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t

===== 0002601_18900705_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
ROBBERY.

ITENRy PRIM

===== 0002601_18900705_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAND BLACK

LEAD.

, NOW READY. 16th Edition. 117th Thousarl6l' Post fltoae of Author. Five Shillings• Abridged Edition, is. o , Sil THE CUR..% OF CONSUMPTION, P.' entirely NEW REMEDY. Containing also Chapters on the A 60 CURE OF CHRONIC BRONCHITIS, ASTE.- IW* CATARRH. Pt°. under this treatment an extraordinary number of cBs..flbale nounted inourable by the most eminent physieianu'wever been restored to health, proving that the disetlaft far advanued, is amenable•to this method of cure. , 0. By EDWIN IV. ALABONE, M.D., ' vhil., U.5.Et.,..R.M.5., 40., Ac. LynMn House, Highbury Quadrant, London..2llole4 Late Consulting Physician to the Home for Females, the Lower Clanton Orphan Asylum. and the toi ton; Dispensary. Author. of " The Curative reatmeTreatmenotoo ; .Consumption Phthisis, its Diagnosis and T " The Specific Treatmenitof Phthisis ' ; &e. --- r riaarC°ll DEATR OF LORD CARNARVON.---The Earl of vit.- too died ati half-past fiva.o'clock on Saturday eviting,l,,a 100 family residence in Portman-square, London. T'''''raigie earl had suffered acutely for some weeks front" eu t 10 gout,. but it was or.ly a few days before his death Oa op illness took a sericus turn, and tbea his reccurell looked upon as h.veless. pre 55 LARD SALISBEMY REFUSES A, DUSEDOM.—The d ° _, 00 ation states that the question has been mooted Atop honour to be conferred on Lord Salisbury 147 thePs° for his successsal arrange the African with Germany of ~ ,een African quesbion. His lordship having alreadS _.,"iie made a Knight of the Garter, there is no high hi onoili.s_ kii,s . Majesty canbestow except a dukeduM, and tl lordship does not desire to take. Is' you value your wife's health see that she uses „Advt. " SUNLIGHT SOA.P_,• Tobacconists commencing slid. Guide, 229 Page-, NAP. TOBACCOMSTB OUTFLTTINCo,, G C ' - 186 Eustqn-rd.,LoncWf" —Advt. . 'THE GREATEST REMEDY ON HAILT rli 11.—Disceerrae 1 by liehotah, the mighty Indian Chief and t,in of, man M. the upper Mississippi Valley Kehotah Kidney an .ty of the -of teed to cure any irregulari _ __erre;ts ~ man system, check all tiersPnl; 'BO. the Urinary Organs, Pain' ' 1 Debiln and Loins, Gravel and Genera. _. Tho One Tea gnar2l,,°o. and Loss of Memory, in eithy! e'ofar 0;3, simple herb is a palatable. .at' Disea!oi, 'Aire of Diabetes or Hoge _eon tef _ known ron i P_v,,a Liv. Ilhdi e s Is the only sluggish Kidney a iseases, and is a most Powertine:i Dy - Nerve Tonic. Recoil"' r. knowo* nraii. and physicians whereveine Tait Ist upon getting the ger_uve trar, to pay. It bears the an,? espees e, . s p , tent red tin en. "a" reldr- ll any a to, able ~ at 4/6 , __ will be sent, post paid to upon rs- _.„,. of sixty penny stamps, bE JAMES HOLLAND 14 Co., The American Medic u t Hart 8; - High Holborn, London, Engla ~teaten nd. ''' paper. the

receipt

itreet.

ant il sirm Cure and Chronic • +. Diseases and Ne .Kelzotth. clergy Beware of Imitations • insir for which you are willing t mark, and is sold in large ' chemists, at 4/6; or

(&p,isre' 41vt.)

===== 0002601_18900705_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
çJ

===== 0002601_18900705_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MISER'S DIAMOND NECIMA.a.

tn the year 1740 there lived in the Latin quarter in a famons miser named Jean Avere. The wealth concealed in the obscure rookery where he resided was believed to be fabulous, and was no doubt really very great. Among his treasures was a celebrated dianaoud necklace of immense 'value. This he concealed so care- 'fully that he ultimately forgot its hiding-place himself. }3e sought diligently for weeks, and failing to Snd it, became almost insane. This rendered him ,even less capable of remembrance, and he took to his bed broken In' body as in mind. A few weeks later a doctor and an old woman, wholaad sometimes done odd jobs about his! house, were both at his bed-side seeing that the end ' Vaa near. As he clock in the neighbouring tower tolled one, he ceased his low muttering and 'sat up

and shrieked,'" I remember where it is now. I can pet

MY hand on the necklace. For God's sake let me go for it before I forget it again !" Here his weakness mad 'grcitement everca,me him, and he sankback among this Mds, stone dead. Physicians 'and students are famiCiar 'With these-sudden outflashings of memory at the great ••!Irisis of hirrnan fate. Let the "reader consider this whilmve relate an episode 'in the humble career of a Signitlman; Andrew tgge, 'Who maybe found on duty in hi box at Culgmith, a little 'Station en the Midland, twentrthree miles south of

Mr. Age is on duty nearly every day, and must real his' fast without leaving his post. The confinetiteat and

Ineittakstrain tell on the -'sySteni. The strongest then

' cannot,stand it long without feeling its effects. ' It makes (le t!kink of the passionate • e=lamation in Tore Hood's "Song of the Shirt," I " Oh, God I that bred should be so dear, And flesh and Illoou so cheap." Om friend had been at-the-same work for rimy years, although he was only thirtyt,live when these 'lines were 'written. •In 1884 he began to feel that lie war. 3 going to break down. " I don't know what ails me," he would 8115 r, "but I can't eat." What he forced down produced

no sense of satisfaction oz-strength. Sometimes he was hlarmed at finding he conld scarcely walk ontaccount of giddiness. He said to 41iniself, "What ifiZ should be • seized with this at some moment when thereietrouble on Use line and I need all any wits about me?" Other features of thiwaitment were pains ill the chest 'laid sides, costiveness, yow skin and eyes, tad taste in: the mouth, risings of -foul gas in the throat, &c. The'

_ doctor said Age net give up his confining work or: 4 Ask utter disability. He could not. Wifeand children' 'were in the way. So he mmained at his post and grew" Vforse. But his work was always right, telegrams were r Pr operly received and-sent, and no train gotinto trouble Through any neglect ortault of his. His gestion and dyspepsia-.took a step furtherl and brought ' on kidney and bladder-trouble. The doctor, at Appleby, said, Agge, yotrare poisoned with the foul shat 11 your stomach and blood." His doom seemed to be sealed. It was likea death warrant. •Sim-months more rolled by. On duty one morning he was ..attacked with.

ao great and so strarp- asdistress he could neither sit nor stand. He says: tambled down owthat locker and lay- there all the forenoon. Signals might be given, the telegraph needle might click, but I heededdihem nonnore than a man in the grave heeds the boating of the win against his own tombstone." He was alone at first, but help arrived,tand the poor Signalman was carried home. Physicians laboured on is case without avail. Around his bed were his Five little children, the mother being absent inna institution, to be treated for a serious ailthent. Here he lay for weeks, part of the time unconscious ; then the torpid facilities awakened for a monaent. lifemory flashed sy, &ha Se recalled tke factditat a medicine which he had used ,with benefit years beftre, andalthen thrown aside and forgot:on, was conceedediss a secret lolace . _ . .

iet the signal box. Hesent for it, and t 0015.% dose. Boon his bowels moved, the kidneys acted, the pain was •ceased, he felt bet;er. With brightened hope he sent to • Carlisle for more. It Ezrived. He used; it, and An a lOW days the doctors were astonisted to findrtheir 'Patient out of doers, and on the road to recovery. He regained his 'health completely, and in ,speaking of his

.... experience, said to the writer, "What at wonderfulthin,g it was that on what olvomised to be any death-bed, I suddenly remembed vshere I had put the half-used bottle Of Mother SeigersC/orative Syrup. Tbattash of memory Probably saved me from death."

IMPERIAL PARLIA M ENT.

HOUSE :OF eLOßDS.—Monsteer. The Lord Chancellor teek his seat on the woelsadhat a quarter past four. TUB CLERGY Dream/we BILL.—The ARCHSISSIOP of CANTOR3URY said he had hoped that time would besfound this-session for passing into law a Clergy Discipline Bill affecting cases of immarality only amongst the clergy. , The clergy, sitting in eonvocation, had tong wished for ' some legislat'.on on this euitect, and the Bill whithhe had •Proposed to lay on the table was substantially the same • as that sehich on a former occasion passed through their lordships' House. As he NV.143 advised that there-w 45 no -110Pe that such a Bill coald be passed into law this , session, he begged leave tmewithdraw • withdranm.—The Arehbishep of Canterbury gavemotice 1:4 his intention to introduce,the Bill at the first otaportu- '744 next session. Blies AIIFANCED.—The Reeristration of Voters(Borough ef Belfast Bill passed througleCommittee.—The TVMSteeS APPointment Bill was read a third time and passed. 1 e;.,ficenacieefee.—Lord SALLSAVEY told Lord Roselsery he , ' 'aid not think that Mr. Cioschea had any funds to dispose eif for settling the inhabitants, of Heligoland in vaeiouS 'Parts of the empire, and he had, received no information 'that such a ;measure would be sin. conformity with the ssevishes of the klanders. The treaty would be signed in a. few days, and no time would -he lost in introduciag.a, Ltill to give efl'ect to it. .The House adjourned at ten minutes to five o'cindk- HOlaf3E OF COMMON&—Mothete. , sThe•Speaker took the chair at three o'clock. There were sewenty questions nu the paper. but the is-Ma)ority were a no public interest, and the fact that H. Smith intimated his 'lntention to postpone 'gkursdsyhe statement on „public business mete Itlie proceedings eff the House stillenere dull. l'euyeen lher.ise-The Manchester ;Skip Canal (Tidal ql)penings,,k,c.) BB; was considered .reed ordered for third eseading, and the Nerth-west Cestrei Nailwa,y Bill was: 'Teed a. second time. Neweeieneee.--ein. the Comissons,...3dr. Maguire, the, tiewly-elected mereher for North tDenegal, took his; Seat cereme TELEewm.—Mr. Runes feeformed Mr. Se cMith thabthe illegality of betting .telegrams consisted. Practically in the invitation to bet or.apply for informa- li°„tiswithetesiew to betting, and not inethe seeking of 4corination er in thetetting itself. fifsemewsho."-,The ATTORNEY-Ma/mi./In for lumeam ;-'l3ics Ilir. &Wen that the number of people "shadowed" theesehole ef Ireland was twelve. 'Mile Attorney- fe efGeneemaii;ireanswer to rther.questiceasf eaeid that ,Miss -°'lTheSethe daughter. of a Presbyterian 'minister, was I struck With stones bye crowd at Tipperary, fbut he did cot knew that she was horribly cut about the head. Itts eetuotenaem.The Elections Scotland (Corrupt and Illegol'Practices) Bill was read a third time, as was also the seee,ation Code (S9O) Bill. Wesereee Auseeeme ire..—Sir G. 'Centime, in , 1-nmitteeferetheWesterit Australia Constitution Bill, ellesumed theeliscuscion on clause 1, which dealt with grantizigkof ceresponsitee Government -to 'Western -enstralia.--irersonE. rte WORMS denied that the:scheme -Would placepoweren the hands of a small eliquee-After • lengthy discoasionMir G. CAMPBELL said he would not Press the m.stter to .a divii.on, and the clause was •Passed. , The House fi4ourne4 et one e-Clock. 11(YeeSE QV LORD.—TUESDAY. he Lord Chancellor .took hiseeat on the wocilseck at "'slit-Past five. e tires Aimee-mesh—The report-of amendments on :the -rlifietration of voters (Borough of Belfast) Bill NPAS .",‘DrOCd to—The Lefeal 'Crorernmett Provisional Orders 0. -4) Bill was read a third .time.—The Anglesey slwee and Quarter Eressions Bill wes also read a third &Übe. I See a BCY CLOSING.—The Bishop of "Lichfield presented, • ahrtititee from the inieithitants of Hednesford, Stafford-, eo:rei in favour of the efesine of public-houses for the -evole of Sunda. (Eeettszs) !it.-.The Earl of Camperdown eenseg eecved the second reeding of the Sheriffs' (Assizes Ex- Bill,, - pav the object of which was to provide for the reelect of the sheriffs' expenses out -of the county a-essu.lTlLinaertedroy leridge movedits rejection, but the Bill read a second time, on the Lard Chancel- c9or stiffgesti, ng that objections could be coasidered tnirettee BILL—Lord DENMAN introduced a Bill to amend efocal Government Acts for England and feotland, ess,e9it was read a first time. Tice House adjourned at a quarter-past seven. , Hougs OF COMMONS.^.-MESDAY. .:,"0 Speaker took the chair at three o'clock. bv4 4 .-pSiTIONS.—Mr. Corbett presented a petition signed Of ic • 'l.OOO inhabitants of Glasgow against the purchase ollien,4_ 13as proposed in the Local Taxation 13111. The tablernerc.ber. who -himself rolled the petition to the said the petition was not completed, in cerise- Of the withdrawal:of IbC clauses. E, Ilarnley

.j

===== 0002601_18900705_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
presented a petition from the Mission Hall, Tranmere, against compensation to publicans, and Sir William C. Brooks presented one from Brooklands in favour of voluntary schools. TAB NAVAL MANCEUVRES.—Lord G. HARILTON told Mr. Gourley that the.channel and naval squadron would ix! mobilised during the autumn for the naval manceuvres. Tin 13LACBMAILING BY KULG)S.—Sir FERGUSSON in- formed Mr. F. Stevenson that the ringleaders of the mounted Kurds, who recently made a blackmailing des- cent into the Havatsor Valley, had been arrested. WESTBSIN AUSTRALIA BILL.--Mr. EATHBONE, in Com- mittee on the Western Australia Censtitution Bill, moved a new clause, to render void any Act which might be passed by the future West Australian Legislature autho- rising the imposition of restrictions on the immigration into the colony of British subjects other than persons who had been convicted of crime.—The Bill was ulti- mately reported to the House. The House adjourned at 1.55. HOUSE 'OF COMMONS.—WEDNESDIY. The Speaker took the chair at ten minutes past twelve,. but a quorum was not made until twenty-five minutes to one. Tun- lALISILTrir OF DIRECTOBS.-,-MY. WARRINGTON moved the second reading of the Directors" Liability Bill,' which gave rise to considerable discussion. Or R. Leth- bridge and Sir IL Fowler objected to the measure on the ground that'll: its present form it would smash limited liability, ohm no men cif position weaild be willing to become diredtors. Anuanendment by :fir R. Lethbridge that the Bill the re-comrsitted was defeated by a majority of 174, the sill being 'read a third time and .passed. Miscimattuous--Vite Marriages 41 British Embassies Bill was read a third tin:Q.—The Sureme Court of judi- cature (Precedure)ilill was also reall a third time.—The Boiler .DatPlosions Viet (1882) Amendment Bill passed I through ,Pommittee and was read a third time..—The House went into Oemmittee on the Marriage with a De- ceareilViEfe's Sister'Bill, but progress was immediately repotteth—Mr. Hothouse obtainell leave to bring in a Billtoortcelerate *e proceedingslior the registration of electors in Englada and Wales, and'to alter certatht dates conneeted therestlith, and the Binv:as brought inveadread a firsttvime. _ .

Thc-House'sakicurned at terratinutes to six. MESE OF LOEDS, THIIRSDLY. The Lord (3hancellor took hkis seat at a grunter-past foUr. '4ll-A8 AniAltego.—The ,Companies (Memorandum of Association) Dill and the Deeds of Arrangement Bill passed thrankth Committeee-The Orchards Rating! Exemption Bill was read a. second time on the motion of Viscount Porlytnan, and refered to a:Conamittee of the ' floe. 'FOREIGN ENEEIGRATIos,4-Lord DUNRAVIN moved forai return of thenumber of vessels arriving at the port ef 'London fronf the port of Hamburg, -between the Ist 6f,;' 'January• and, the Ist July, 1890. Lord MEATH asked' -,whether it was right that 'victims of foreign oppression should make this countrrtheir asylum, if the affect was to bring iniscry and poverty on our own people. The r,motion was-withdraw. The Rome adjourned at half-past six. • '()USE OF COMMONS.—'ratrammx.

The Speaker to)lc the chair at three o'clock. Petitions were presentsd in favour of annendment the Police'Pensions Bill, by Mr. SETON KARS, from the police force of St. Bele.ns. In favour of the Court of Chancerfßill, by Mr. C'hitley, from the Incorporated Law Society and the Chamber of Commerce, Liverpool. Tim SHIP CANAL lißt.mr..—The Manchester Ship Canal (TidalOssenings,.kc.)33ill was read a third time. THE rCLEGRA.PIirSTS GRIEVANCES.—Mr. 11AIKES 'reply- ing to Earl Compton.tpromised to make an early state- • ment no the subject of telegraphists' grievances. THE ‘,/NLAND RENSENTJE OFFICERS.— Mr. GOE:MEN, stated'Elat officers on the Inland Revenue Department were net removed to distant parts of the country at their own expense unless'tbey had been guilty of grave mis- conduct. He did net, propose to interfere with the dis- cretion exercised W the Commissioners in these matters. ME HYDE PLILI PROCESSIONS.—In connection with , the intended procession to Hyde Park on Sunday, Mr. MATTHEWS infortnee Mr. Cavendish Beutinck that steps • would be taken to provide against possible obstruction, in the streets. Tarn TITHE HENS HILL.—Mr. STANLEY LEIGHTON asked Mr. 'Smith whether, in the interest of law, order, and. justice, he sveuld recommend the House to proceed with theleithe Rentectuvrge Bill during the present session.' Mr. OSBORNE MORGAN asked whether the deplorable cir- cumstances referred to in the question were not largely dtteto the imprudent and injudicious action of Mr.! Stevens himself, and 'whether under another agent em- pinyed by the Commissioners no disturbance took place.. Mr_ Syr's declined to give an opinion, but expressed a hope that the House would be enabled to pass the bill. &MINES': INTARLIAMENT. Mr. W.. H. SMITH, in • snaking an announcement on the state of public business, thought the best"ray to forward the Police Superannua- tion Bill would be to refer it to the Standing Committee on Law. He hoped to proceed with the reference of the •'English and Scotch Police Bills to a Select Committee on Friday in Committee of Supply. The War Office and ' Admiralty votesswould be taken that evening.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
HORRIBLE OUTRAGES IN ARENA.

The " Dailyslterws "says—lntelligence from Van -states that Halil Paella, the governor, is constantly distributing Martini-Henry tines to the Kurdish chiefs of the district, with a view to assisting the Turkish troops to fall upon the Christain population in case of the rising which is sdreaded. The Kurds, emboldened by the encouragement they find in high places, are committing every kind of outrage and atrocity on the Armenian people. Feelings Of humanity have vanished, and the savage instincts of the Kurdish-shorde are causing ruin and desolation throughout the-ocuntry. On the 23rd May the Kurds outraged are Armenian woman of Kavish, and cut off her breasts with their swords. Death followed two hours, after the deed. The victim leaves three children. Again, insthe very towndf Van, a band of Turkish soldiers as-' saulted an inoffeasive woman who was on her way to church, with the result that she expired soon after. In tha beginning Of May, a Kurd, by name Kassim. killed a young Armenian in one of the principal thoroughfares of ;Van. Towards the middle of April inbre than fifteen Armenian villages at Haiotz-Tsor, south of V4n, were raided by the notorious Kurdish brigand chief Shakir and his numerous ibilowers. Halil Paella, the governor, has solar effected noarrests, and the alarm and terror for the lives and honour of families have assumed such pro- portions that an,ernigratlon en masse of Armenians is contemplated. Accounts of skirmishes between Armen- ians and Kurds 'in the vicinity of Van constantly peat in.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
• ,ORANGE ?RIOTING IN ULSTER.

A riot took placeat Cookstown in connection with the First of :July celebrations on Tuesday night. A number of Oaange.lodges from the country came into town to accompany the locatiodges through the town, and, in returning to the old, town, met the lodge from Orriton, a suburb. 'The street through which they passed Is mainly inhabited by Catholics, and a crowd of women and girls assembled. About twenty police endeavoured to keep •the parties separate, but eventnally some of the Orange men and girls forced their way through the police, who were using their batons. The women in both crowds threw stones and shouted. One woman. a Protestant I named Rollins, complained to the police that her house 4iad been wrecked. Nearly every house in Onitor-street had windows broken, and Constable Henderson sus• tamed a severe cut on the lip. No other constables were injured, butimany civilians were struck by• stones or police batons. Order was not restored till nearly mid- night.

A ..JOIIRNRY at' A CASK.—At Leicester, on Monday, two glen, named George Mansfield and Arthur Hall, the latter described as a conjurer, were charged with cruelty to a donkey. Prisoners were travelling in a cask from Essex to Edinburgh, the cask beinglixed to a trolly drawn by a donkey. Hall lived in the cask. On arriving at Leicester they weve arrested and charged with cruelty, the donkey 'being in a frightful condition. They were both sentenced to a. days' imptisonment. IMPORTANT CAUTION. 'Ladles are particularly cautioned towsk for " Beetham's" Glycerine and Cucumber, as the wonderful reptitation tide article has obtained for softening and beautifying the Skin and Complexion, has indueed massy unprincipled persons to put up numerous preparations which they call "Glycerine and Cucumber," but which in reality contain no. cucumber at all, and often poisonous preparations of lead and other minerals. The only genuine is "ileetkaire a*" hottles is., 2c. 6d., free for 3d. extra by M. BEETLUDI and Sox, chemists. Cheitenham.—Adrt. Liven CostoLattiTs.—Dr. King's Dandelion and Quinine Liver Ms, without Mercury, are a potent remedy ; remove all Liver and Stomach Complaints, Bitlousness. Headache. Sickness, Shoulder Pains, Heartburn, Indigestion. Constipa- tion.—Adat, _

When the London central telegraph ranks were called upon to give three cheers for the Queen, on the occasion of the Postal Jutrnee, they gave three " grxins " instead, not because they were disloyal but becaase they were I indignant at the contemptuous manner io which Mr. Raikes has received their demands for redress. The hi* master General instituted an inquiry into the affair on I Thursday, and the clerks were .ealled upon to sign an aPalogy. They refused, but offered to state in writing Ithat they intended no disrespect to tho Queen, On Thursday, at the Cardiff Quarter Sessions, before Mr, 13. F. Williams, a wheelwright named Enwrig,ht, was sentenced to eighteen nmnths' imprisonment for at- tempting to criminally outrage a Jersey farmer's wife named Metherell, on the Great Western Railway; be- tween Newport and Cardiff. The Recorder commeated strongly on the prisoner's brutality, and said if it kid been in his power he would have sent ptisoner to a lon term of penal servitude. He was determined to stop suds eases.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
- PIMPLES, BLACK HEADS, AND

SUDDEN FLUSHES AND HEAT

To the face are °Lien due to Debilitating Occupations and Habits. All men seeking relief front suah's condltioa of things should write to-day to Messrs. WII,XDISON Vitiallan Square, Sheffield. Write to-day.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATURDAY JULY t, 189 - WARRINGTON .TOWN COUNCIL.. The monthly meeting of this Town Council was held at the Town Hall, on Tuesday evening. The Mayor (Alderman Francomb) presided: and there were also present Aldermen Holmes, Burgess, Davies, Harrison, Wright; Csuncillors Monks, Pierivoint, Fleming, Cannel!, Shaw Green, Beaman, Muir, Ashton, Voisey, Hepherd,Taylor,Heaton, B Leath urst, Greenall, Flood, Garner, J. Fairclough, R. V. Fair- dough, Percival, Hutchinson, Jenkins, IL Roberts, Tinsley, Bolton; Messrs. Whittle Ktot clerk), Chorley, (borough treasurer), Lengdin (borough sur- veyor.)

- PROBABLE RESIGNATION GIP • cousort.Lon. The MaTon announced that he had received a comrah- nication from Councillor MarSll, in which be wished to resign his Walden as a member of the Cconcil. As the matter could not be dealt with that night tie was advised by the Town-clerk that it would he bettim to defer it until the next Council meeting.

FINASCB. The Finance Committee'reported thdt CouncillorMuir, (Mayor's anditors), and Messrs. J. Harrison ond J. Bolton (elective anditors) had repotted that they had completed the audits of tke accounte of the borough of Warrington for the year 'ending 25th March, 1.290, and had found them correct. They had also examined the books and. balance -sheet,.f the gas department for the same period, and ',were otypinion tint the profit and loss account exhibited atrue and correct view of the year's transaction. Alderman HOINIES prsposed, Councillor SErtW GREEN seconded, and it was resolved, that the minttes of this Committee be ,confirmed.

• 'NEW aroma's. 'The Street linprovetnent Committee recommended the approval of the following plans,: Alterations to premises in legh-st., for Mr. Charles‘Lonsdale ; alteration to loremises offiChurch-st., for Mr. Jacob Sankey ; shop and house in Orford-lane, for Mr..lehn Appleton ;, alterations to Vox Inn, Buttin-market-st., for Messrs. Greenall, 'Whitley Ba Co., Liratted • cottages in Cartwright-st., for Mr. W. T. Terry; additions to No. I,Manchester-rd. for Mr. Thomas Moores ; alteration to property in Bridge- et., for Mr. josepla Birchen.; addition to Brewery in lliersey-st. for Mr. Win. Bolter ; alterations to the ware- house ofleessrs. Oresfield'and Sons, Bank Quay; shed Tor the Castle Rubber Company, Limit-cod. The Com- anitteefurther recommended that Alderman Sutton be, electedthe deputy-chairman of the Committee for the remainder of the year. Also that the •street off Orford- lane, affioining the premises of Mr. •toseph Grounds, he namediGroundsetreet. Confirmed on the motion of Alderman Harrison, se-: condetny oountillor BTAZIIHURST. SANITARY( COMMITTPIC. The• Sanitary Committee's minutes contained an order . of therßoard of Agriculture declaring the whole of the borough to be-an area infected with pleuro-pneutnonia. The Town Cie& had been instructed to offer the follow- ing-earns ascompensation to owners for animals slaugh- tered by order of the Committee: Mr. Hugh Fergusson (1 animal) 12;S Mr.i.John Hill (9 animals) £110; Mr... Ashley (15airimals) £2ES ; Mr. Wainwright (5 animals). 2136. Alderman'i3uEonss proposed the confirmation of the report. He did not know of anything that he need trouble' the'Council vital, except to state that the out- break of pleuro-pneumonia• in the borough was ad a. serious character. Councillor VOISEY second6cl the proposition. 'Councillor CravrErrixt, asked what amount of stook there is it Longford, and at what price it was being delivered .and sold. Whether, also, the stock accumulated at the present time was larger than last year, and whetherthe sales had been larger than last year. Alderman Burnam said that if Councillor Greenall would give notice of his question, he would answerit. The minutes were•adopted. • STRNCIISS. IN THE STREET. Councillor Muta,=in accordance with notice, asketh— '" Will the Chairman of the Paving and Sewerage Com- mittee assure this Council and the burgesses that his 'Committee will endeavour to obviate the nuisance ans.- ing frometenches in the public streets of the borough, •and the dangers tohealth caused by sewage gas founitin Trbrate dwellings 'and other places ? " Councillor Muir said there had been cause for complaint throughout the town. The streets were clean, but occasionally stenches 'offended the olfactory nerves of pedestrians. Two or three of the leadirig burgesses had sent letters to they 'newspapers complaining of the stench, and one gentle- man had actually threatened to leave the town if these defects were not remedied. He insinuated that the col- lective wisdom of the members of the Chamber was not very much to brag about. (Laughter.) He (Councillor; Muir) rather thought that that was an unwarrantable liberty to 'take with 'the Chamber. (Laughter., Other'', gentlemen complained of the presence of sewage gas in ''the-streets, and one gentleman had told him that the, wheleof his familyha,d on oneoccasion to leave the table ' and open the windows and doors owing to the entrance: Intothe house of-sewage gas. A member of the Council had said that at the top of Bewsey-st.—that street of .churches, chapels, and other respectable institutions-- the stench wasso over-powering that he would not like it repeated. Hethought thesewere matters which could • and should be •rectified. He was not • blaming the Borough Surveyor., nor did he say he was not doing his duty.. He shotild have additional assistance, as it was impossible for him to overlook the whole of the ontside work in.connection with his department. He had simply

brought the matter forward to ascertain the position of affairs. Within the last few hours he had heard that the Committee were most assiduously attending to these matters.

PAVING V. 113 SEWERAGE COIEHIMFB.-THE PAiING OF

BRIDGE-ST.-MEL MUIR'S QUESTION.

This Committee reported that the borough surveyor had submitted plans and specifications for the forming land paving of the following street and passage :-Back Crealey-st., and approach road to Back Crosley-st. The Committee recommended that the sewer in Forshaw-st. be eontinued to receive the drainage from the new houses recently erected by Mr. John Appleton. The minutes also contained;asopy of the memorial, signed by 52 owners and occupiers of property in Bridge-st., and 13 rate- payers using carriages, in favour of the paving of the upper part of that street with wood. The minutes were accompanied with a copy of the report of the borough surveyor on the paving ef Bridge-st., as given in full in our columns last week. The Committee after consider- ing the report decided that in view of the application ' already made to the County Council to declare the four main streets in the borough to be main roads within the ' meaning of the Local Government Act, 1888, the ques- tion of paving Bridge-st. be deferred for the present. , Alderman Davies, in moving the confirmation of the minutes of the Committee, first referred to the proposed 'wood paving in Bridge-st. He said a memorial had been presented on the subject. It was quite true that it had been determined—and confirmed by the Council— to pave the street with setts from "The Feathers" at Friars' Gate to Rylands-st., and it was no doubt the report of that fact appearing in thr newspapers which led to the memorial. The Borough Surveyor was in- structed to prepare a report upon the comparative cost of paving Bridge-st. with wood and setts, and he had done so. There was no material difference in the original cost. Although the members sympathized with the deputation in thinking that a wood pavement was more desirable than a sett pavement, it should be remembered that in a narrow street like Eridge-st. there were difficul- ties in 'the way of laying down wood. During the summer months a nuisance would arise owing to the stench from the wood and to the deposits upon it. It was also possible that other ratepayers would I feel aggrieved if a special pavement was put down for their convenience. Councillor Muir had done quite right in bringing forward the matter he had done. I He ,(Alderman Davies) wished to go into this question Ithoroughly, to satisfy the younger members of the 'Council, who were not aware of the trouble their seniors had experienced in this respect. In the year 1854 the the town was undermined by a number of rotten drains which were not worth the name of sewers, and the Corporation not only °Rained an Act of Parliament to ,overcome the existing difficulties, but called in aid of the ablest man of ,the times, to show them how the sewers should be made. He referred to Sir Robert Rawlinson —,(hear, hear)—who-aid there could be no absolute escape from the smells in or out of the houses owing to Warringten being such a low-lying town. Some of the sewers were in a fairly good condition, but there was not sufficient fall, and flushing operations had to be resorted to. And the Council knew the difficulties—the pecuniary difficulties—which existed with regard to that work. Acting upon the advice of Sir Robert Rawlinson, theyput down the best sewers they could in a low lying town. The time was coming when the Corporation wouldikave to sink a deep tank at the west end of the town—,say near Messrs. Monks and Co.'s works—and that would give them a sufficient fall. Bet the stench did not altogether arise from the sewers. (Hear, bean) , Sir Robert ''Rawlinson advocated the use of the grids whichallo wed the stench to escape into the Open air; and Pie danger there was not so great as it would be In the houses. (Hear, hear.) Alderman Davies pointed out. that the Committee were spending at the rate of £277 per annum in flushing sewers, with the object of avoiding the' stench. (Hear, hears) Alderman Wnrcumseconded the motion for the passing of therainutes. Councillor H. !WHEW'S said the facts the Alderman had given the Council would go a long way to allay a certain 'amount of anxiety which existed ameng the resi- dents of Museum-street and the adjoining streets with reference to the condition of the sewers. He did not think the blame was to be laid altogether upon the Pav- ing and Sewerage Committee. For three weeks, to his own personal knowledge, there had been a strong smell of gas at the end of Museum-street and St. Austin's-lane. Whether there was a leakage of gas or a deposit from the gas works he could not tell. With reference to the Bridge- street memorial, while there might be an objection to the paving of narrow streets withwood on sanitary grounds, that wags defect whichmight be got over by extra atten- tion, on the part of those whose duty it was to leek after the sanitary condition eel the borough. Bridge-street was aeliceelteepers' street, and the extraordinary traffic over it ought to be taken into consideration by the Committee with a view to providing as noiseless a pavement as possible. It would be better to retain the present macadam pavement rather than put doe-a setts. e(Elear, heay.) The time was coming when the four main -streets of the borough would have to be paved with admething different to what they were now paved with. 43ear, hear.) Councillor Mum said he was pleased and satisfied with tke explanation of AldermanOavies. Alderman EURGESS said that he also had been a:shop- keeper in 'Bridge-street for zonie years, a much longer time than Councillor Roberts, and he had sett paving all round, or as fur as it would go, his premises. There was noesointin Warrington where there was the same amount of braffic rolling over sett-pavement, and he was very pleased with it arid did not want a change. A woad pavement was a most unwholeseme pavement, and a macadamized pavement was a nuisance—it was either mud or dust. He was not in favemr of wood pavement

`U KEN CHARLOTTE'

RejYroduction

for one half of the street at the expense of the rate- payers in the other half. The town lived not on carriage traffic; the lorry was the thing which assisted Warring- ton, and would do, he hoped, for a long time to come. Alderman Rouen remarked that information was sent a few days ago to the Gas Works respecting the Supposed eeespe of gas mentioned by Councillor Roberts. After an examination, the officials came to the conclusion that no escape existed. If, however, anything of the sort should arise it would be promptly remedied. Councillor JENKINS observed that he had received a letter from a burgess bearing on the subject under dis- cussion, but after the explanations which had been made he would not read it. There was (Me other matter which his correspondent called attention to- -" The bad state of the macadam streets. For instance, Lythgoes-lane, where refuse is lying from week's end to week's end." He (Councillor Jenkins) would ale° like to see the tan refuse which had been deposited for the last few Weeks near the Training College cleared away. It had now been converted into about six inches of mud. He did not blame Mr. Longdin, but there must be some eubordinate who Was not possessed of very keen eyes. Alderman DAVIES said that it should be a special in- struction to Mr. Longdin to 'see that the refuse in Manchester-road be cleared away. He might mention for the informattou of the Council that 107,030 gallons of water were passed down the sewers from the 7th to the 30th June, in order to keep them as pure as possible. The minutes were then adopted. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE.-THE COMMITTEE'S LITTLE TRIP. The School Attendance Committee reported that the average attendance at the public elementary schools during the Month of May was 7,762, corresponding period last year, 7,797—decrease, 35. The Committee had passed a resolution authorising the members to visit the ship" Clio "on the 9th June. Councillor Femme; in moving the confirmation of the minutes, referred to the visit of the Committee to the "Clio," and said the deputation were accompanied by a reporter who went with them at his (Councillor Flem- ing's) sole invitation and expense, and not at the expense of the ratepayers. '(Hear, hear and laughter.) One paper said that they went to the Clio and the Menai Straits. Quite true; but it also said that eight Radicals went on the deputation. (Laughter.) He was rather surprised at that statement, for it was the first time he had known that Councillor Taylor and Councillor Heaton could be called Radicals—(hear, hear and laughter)—but if they had changed their politics, he thought the Radi- cals would accept them—(laughter)--although he did not believe in sudden conversions. (Laughter.) The depu- tation went at the ratepayers' expense, and they returned at the ratepayers' expense. (Laughter.) Councillor BOLTON-: At what time? (Loud laughter.) Councillor FLEMING : I don't think I will let you know that. I don't know that I have anything more to say (lauebter)—except to commend the admirable manner in which the ship •• Clio " is managed. (Hear, hear.) I am only sorry that institutions on land can not be con- ducted in a similar way. Councillor Srrew-Geenet, in seconding the proposition, remarked that he dared not add anything after Council- by Fleming's observations. (Laughter.) Councillor Threat ROBERTS said that the Chairman had told the Council that the deputation were accompanied by a guardian on their way to the ship. A Menem/ : A policeman. (Laughter.) Councillor HENRTHOBERTS would like to know "whether they were accompanied by a guardian on their trip back again, because rumour had it that they returned 'rather late. Therefore, for the sake of the respecta- bility of the Council, it would be well if a little further information Were vouchsafed as to the manner and method of the return of the deputation. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Alderman Suwon regretted that the report furnished by the Committee was so brief. If the Council could have had a report from the Chairman telling about the voyage, how the deputation got to the Straits and what .they did— Councillor HENRT ROBERTS: And how they got back. "(Laughter.) Alderman SUTTON Whether they walked back— (laughter)—or came back by boat or train. I think it would have been interesting to us all. (Hear, hear.) Councillor BLACKWURST.: I should like to ask whether it is usual for deputatiens going to London to give in- formation of this sort? (Hear, hear, and laughter.) 'Councillor Ilzercer said that he did not hear one of the Committee complain about the way they went, the man- ner in which they were treated whilst there, or the way inwhich they returned—(laughter)—and being sent at the instigation of the Councll—(Cries of" No, no," and " Ey the Committee ")—lie thought they had a , A. MEMBER: To please yourselves. Councillor HEATON : To please ourselves whether we came home at one o'clock or any other hour. At all events, we all came home sober,and that is not the way in which the Council usually do. (" Oh-oh " and laughter.) Councillor BOLTON: As Couneillor Fleming has paid all the,expenses— Councillor FLEMING : No., 114. (Laughter.) Alderinan BURGESS: He only paid for one. Councillor Bourns said he understood Councillor Fleming meant that he had paid all expenses. (Laughter.) But considering it only took from the 6th to the 26th June to get ready the report of 'eke deputation, it was certainly a very elaborate one indeed. (Laughter.) Alderman Devres stud that there were three gentlemen of Warrington who were Guardians and they had to visit the Asylum at Prestwich. They went up to a cabman in St. Ann's-square, Manchester, and asked" How much will you charge to drive us to Prestwich ?" "Where are you going ?"enquired the cabman. "To the Asylum," was the reply.. How many of you are coming back ?" (Loud laughter, during which the Alderman resumed his seat.)

• f.' i' \' , I .. ~ ~....10 i c- , _I It , 1 'lt 1. I --.,...2, „.„0•••••* t. e.:.!"...--•-'",....- ::,,,-,1 'A. ..------- ~...z, „......- A. .:7N— I •`•'- ~ . -'''' ' , ------ ~ -----.N.-..."7::•• --- - ...'..1.. ~.,..,..:-=-,i•eto -.v t . II ,1•1 s 0..5: • i - iiil/4.....,_::::_-_____- I 07„....../.. 2' ' Art.. 111103. • - ---------1- --2----------:17::---:: .II \ ----- ' --"..l.fr'''. ...__..-:--------------------- "------±-----:-- . •Ve - _ ..._ II 10 'O. V . ‘\N ic r I it 1 / .'-'i -• '. ''. : rH:irzzt.::::N\N\s.,;......l..Yri,ls.y..Vl',: at. q1:5:1111,11,..5 ...:" '\------------ '. • ' .0,4•A%-%. ~..- ' --- -- _ t- -1 77 ---, r: 7.---- 7 .4., fl O. 1 fti •.#,..S '-,,-----{ .....- ..,..,,,,.- . -I t‘ ;-,. )-T- -1 .___—...., . , fi • ~...,, ......--- i..li 1 1 i7i, . ,---- 1 ...-1 _,› 1 1. i'--,\`,X', il ,'.11).14•c-P. 1..,... \ ' - --s--1 ri - Ili - % .. .---; y: _ , , 1. , -.. _ -- - -- - ----- . - •'. ,f---,-,--1\ , 01.1'4:7111 -----". iiii- '7. . I. it.: (/ .1.4.,,•.) •ft.'"'", - ••••%•• ."*.N.;‹,\ • ' - ..\‘_,..,..N.41 •••„.. 4' 1F•411".412,th,, 'NI ......;‹ -.IV ' 1 rs„,, . . ~., .> / • I qa ~.,, , .1,4„ aii mpg ~ , err -.- yap -40 f-% 1 1 4 ---e. ... , 1,p,t,-.11.• _ 1 , , 1., - • i k 111111 -,.."!..7,..., „... ' ' ''.,10”,r . mii, • vti,, iio .•.+.\''''''„ -.%..... ,N, Pi 1 IN. .....-- . \ .-:-----"."/ ,--- ~...,..1.,- ...;., .. _:. is. we . • 0,1 ~--------- 7,' • • Tk rwoo.•••111._ .___... 11 .4..,_ , ~,k , .‘;..; A of.: ,: , . ... • .4.4..... 'A...iii :i ~.t. .......-,.....1.,, ki , -'.; -, , i ' --,. .'4+ [I 11. 114,i600717. /01117- .•,/,14itit*. ...-.k14,1-.11-4..14-li' cAlit" -;.,-,..,-...:..;,4. y. . ...-,. ‘ . (-,- I), T• ea 1,-if? :,,,,-.-vrd,•,-,-;,...,•7•:•.:4g0i i• 1. i 11.1 , .7*., 1 1 *l.l r .. r -_-,- ~...- .• .' ....mak i I , , I • .44:14,1 •', V‘ltil 'I! , ' ,C, l'i..' .• , -,.,t,t4 ......,* .1 asa 61,..tt,h0_ . 41,,,,,. _,- „ limes c 1 a , i...-4)::-'. - . --1 ' " ' . ..1 ' . '-----4t r ..-... .......1 s 1: Wigliqa4 . If '' 'i ' ..kqr''' ,•B'.' •;it ,__ 4-...... ,-,,414.-, "or __-----,---. 4--- --,ot:, - :•!::,:, -2 . ~1;.. ito.i'ari ,6H:I ~%;---im,-,,,—,,,,„......,17:&,.fr,r,a.,70,,,..m4"-..,,___,,,,"„ .-.,--,--,'-,k,.:.;.:.:„.•;,.:441,,pi;i:,,,,,,1,..,!.::,,-(,,,..-:./..::,...- . ....,..,•,.._•...,—•,..•,...);! ~,.,:,:i1.2 1,..,'....\:,,.........,:,, -.4,4 41..„, - ..---,---.. ... .4,..b..v.0.yA1tai. ~.:...,=—T..,,....„,,..,„,.:..... ..::::,.._.........:•, ~ _ _ ~... dr. V.4.:5-,.-?,.- 1 I I .1,..,.„ ~ . -I‘. ,i, ,•4.,,,,,,, • - • .!-,,e.. / ~. '-.7„ E.,., ....,„-....,..,,-... :...„„..... . , , , . '4 -J frelsitc‘ ~... r. ,e, ',7-:r 4. / • ~ .1,1, 1.41.,,, ' r.:,,.,--1,./..1t. ' ..: /.,,-.‘ c;-. 4, It' t•A „..1.. Ac ---'-' I ~' la ,5.,%.,"*./tril., :4'.`.,-".:' rli '' :::.;,.4A; i; , I,A ...., :,-__,A, -,. ~ , ~,,.,,,A 411* Ja.:04e,_.,-, it_ _0,,,,,.„,./.114,..7.,. ":'s'• : W... - sid "ti 5, - I. li I, . 4...11,.1 ~1,,va1„.4e.--.,t ~..,...,,- ._:). ;114k411,:1ivitr,,,,,. 11m.:•:,,r,t4:1:01i,,44,:..;:,..,,,•,, . :t.....;::..:::e:iii.1,41ii,.f.1.,. I .1 - l' lila titc f -4 '-'l. '''''ir2''''`'"4l.' . lig f. 1 Fte • ' 44-i; Wt.' ;191101°,10 s 4-, 4 \• t s.t k , \Ns: J h• r...._,, 1 I i 1 ` yAt,t_.....4.4 3 ~, - I is thorit t, ~... / , \ \ ' .•A' '' II :5: il Vi,a7 -° ' 1.• .. 1 i ' ,Ni/4/4/3.,' Tail 40,Ili( 3414 II '4-4 ;:' ~ , -t. • 1 4- li i ' ..V '', 40W/01.1 11 .' ' ' • ' . % ' i .Z.' :,,,,...14.7: id :‘i, '14,-, -4 likAok i ;T.... it• .' ' • 1., . • . ii• ._.: \ . u it - ..../•-,...w.., tLI amik4;cj •.gelihr.., ..,..:1: •„, , . ,-,•• 'lllli \,... 0 . ----... '- - ---; ~ I ...., „ i'• —'• • ~.... ~!,•4J••'. ~, < ••-=.-- ~!- ••• -L, ;';'), - .?,1 t „\., •:,:t , - 0.%.4.).: .i 1 'r,...- .., \,\' ~.'. lintittiii -.: n. .i. \ ---- ,•,;(• . ~„ s • . #.-. ol:fil ~ ..'''" ' \ '"*.41.1,/ '4 - irgrill '4 i 0 - .., im . . ' . . . ) , f 4..? , 5.0- „...-... \ 11.6' 4 IP ~ '.. 1,,,111. 7'-• ' • • id.- f•Z, : 11111 I : 'l'. .• ', ''. 4. •r' ...1,,• ."'ll7l'.itt.ti*. ~ j ,johl , i e*" V: li;IL ~ 1., i,' \r\ \ 1 °4l 1,'.i.1 l' '' ; ' ;;;:lii . i;,# '• ''.. . 1 --.-2-; . 616 '. ti 0), -;:7;VAi;..e." 7A-I .:,, /0...,:".*,%•:,. .. q' ,-, q! \," ,ti :::'----,..q.i *k' • f -'1...* 4 w..', ;., y.''' ,o.eit't ',. u., ;prigt, -Y...V.,, fri,it,,;,:‘,-J.0.,:' ''," ,i‘. I .',, -'' i *:%!;:',.; ;Lill .4.,',•,.;,... , h,....A‘N ,' \ . o'l‘ 4t-it,;;itss . [ 1'd..,i,:•.•..-;. '....!4,-:;,,:•, .:: oit..:.;::: .• 21'1 • • . • ,01:44•5i-i. ...;,::!, 3 ‘.l ~.0:rt• k „If. ,--' --.:.7.--- ... . . , .-_._ yi : 4, ,I .;;,1•41 4.11:-.4.2., . ~.0,:;',1,-,..,,..-.7.,,z,L, .:;,;%, 1.,/,.......0.., •,, , gl. , ..-------,, 00,4,1:TA ti.,ki••iiii .:. .AVA".t.;•. 41:1 .-:-... , ---->: '4. . . ii.-e.,:...•-•..... :- ...--_-.1i.,:...-. .•,t,iii OP '•,' ' 437 4 1...'1"ii: r . 31'400.1.3 ' • ‘'OSs i' '.l iisiTlO,Faill 0..: al '4'' .1' . • ' •->"-•,--- ..--(-- '' '6..1' • \ 11,.• .4 \ .." ' . =.-..., .1..... 1,,,....,' ~.. .0,1 . ' 'k. : 2'4 .'c. N. ' - ', "--- ----- ‘--- • 41,';'',' ytdioq ' -,-----....---.. • ,-..,-- • .t.' ..-.--- ~1%.• 1?,,, ~'''o., . -..,;* \ ~-,--. ir*, .. .---., :. .Tgi ~."' -.4 • ;.'rt... . ,/ ' di.• 1 , , ~,,,,,T.,y, ,:tn,tok. ' •...,.. ,: n . ~,,„.!:., 4,4,0,4,,,." --_ -----. q. . VI ,f4B' Vi ( - /.4.' '. '' k: I' I 'rri.:;""342; . '''s.:,,,e4 .;.* . --s- -,7,'• il '.ilitgiii/ Ift ''.-10 -••••;•#‘-'1 t .--------'-'-- •r---( :. ~,,,,v 4. r. , . s ... ....N) , ,-,- -‘. • - 1 4, ~1 , i!!, ........ ;I. -"'" II:. , ..??,, ..., liAtiekki - - \z,,, . ::,,, •G 14.. A ~...-_.; ,r.... 4 , '... ~, i ~[:::::::ii .1,1, . iia t _.-----------, t - ,L'jsit t ' .':;:-.ii' ~,..;54.... -.a. „.. : i„.:: •P j 11;;;;;;:l Fe i .. , 1 r ----s---/---4 4'.' '- ' -'7'..' 1i56"1".. =.4.'s.' 4,•ilki`A\ li: •.. - '::-.-.....S.jr+ ,'''------",-.-. ':,,,...0. ill lilt\ 1 1 , ....- - / •,,,,• ‘P,,,,,,,,,,5t..5;" ~$,-;•.• - - ''• ' k ‘,.. " .‘. '' - '11"..'. ' --' ---.-- '''. ''.i"..-4-..". N .1,.. 4 .4; .. ~....„ ~ . ~'. • ''' •••,,,_ ~,,'7.7 ,e .+•••••=•••,-.., • , 'Zi.....-,...,...„...-4, \\ ,i..z.,..,,, .....:.....,.......„...,*_ ...... '...4...,-....;.,..j.e.." •,... !.....Z... ..y ! ....; . .. , ;dye . . ,•-.•-11.11TC9L......1 N k Z.'', V, 'N‘ • . '-- . •;;:s4e7 iii, ' - . *ittrb:::.2:.,:'.. ; !!21.4.*i , ~........., V ...=,..". ,z---' .. -11. N ''\ .-- 7-4—, - -....."—...-........., • ~ .-. . - ' ' • ..,:v.„.-: .-NT'ii. ‘. ~ ~...kl,, :AN, .- '. -,....... . --..------..-' ,----.--..- . '''.2.11. , e . , .i . •‘..• .., "" t " ......./...- " ~ • , ..._,....7-'''-',...,„......_.,_:-., ~_,....,..,,...".. 1 ...s:c- ...._..............„:_,,,,_ ii7-,.-,r „...,....r..1,,,,i :f.....,.-.;,,.....„,,....., , . ~........": -.... '' ../D. ..,,„. ,frk- , ~ b,,,..... .: , 4; t,„4,, , r" ~,,,,f_<"7---....<-----•-• -- iri,...1.. i:=t,:, _,, .N.., . _ _..........._„.. ',. 4,11\... • .--s----, ~....,, ........ ....,--...--,..4,}--...0.1.... - •k; i `,l. \\.:•-4,14., --.„,,e- ...- ----"" '----.4;:1.."--.....- „.........,..-..---....5. ..,.....-•...,...-,.. .f.:::---'-'-',''-'..• 'Fart': e. i N.*•S N., ilz,.' :.. , _ ,-- - r.--------,2.,.--_-- •-":"---,----- ,:«: •'••g..;-45,;"1- 41,/' • 'it': \N4ls4§Zal \ . r— , -,_._, LA.D. 1789.1 f ci -,„ .-,--_, „. s• ./, -d-"-- ./ / 'f.„..-,3-1 ~azi ', , ,,,) _____ .:_._ ____ SHOPPING IN SEDAN CHAPRS ONE HUNDRED YEARS AGO. (I' N (T-T "-- 'S VISIT TO PEARS' FOR SOAP FOR HER COMPLEXION. • r- qf L. old prim( qf the period) ,

===== 0002601_18900705_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
The lissoa (to Councillor Fleming) : Do you wish to reply? Councillor FLEMING : No. (Laughter.) The minutes were then adopted. THE DIUSEUIL—Mit. HOUGHTON'S GENEROUS GIFT.

In the minutes of the Museum, Library, and Arts Committee it was stated that during the month of May the visitors to the Museum were 2,681, an increase of 5 per cent, as compared with May, 1889 ; books issued in reading room 915, decrease 17 per cent. ; books issued in lending department 2,173, decrease 3 .per cent. The Committee also recorded. their thanks to Mr. W. D. Houghton for his gift of a picture by Clarence Whaite. Councillor MONKS in moving the adoption of the minutes, said that the Council would see in them a letter fgem Mr. W. D. Houghton offering to the Corporation a very beautiful picture as a gift from him to the town. (Hear, hear.) He was sorry that Mr. Robert Davies' letter acknowledging the gift had not been printed in the minutes, because he would like the Council to have seen how very appropriately it gave expression to the appreciation which the Corporation had of Mr. Hough- ton's aenerosity. (Applause.) The MAYOU said that the Town Clerk informed him that he knew nothing about the letter. It was not on the minutes of the meeting. Councillor MONKS said that at any rate the Council accepted the gift in the spirit in which it had been given. He thought Mr. Houghton had shown an amount of generosity and good will towards his fellow townsmen which was worthy of imitation. (Applause.) Councillor HENRY ROBERTS, in seconding the motion, endorsed every word Councillor Monks had said with regard to Mr. Houghton's generous gift. There was only one feeling, and that was of deep gratitude to Mr, Houghton. (Hear, hear.) The MAYOR said the Corporation all felt deeply grate- ful to Mr. Houghton for his generous gift. (Hear, hear.) Alderman Davins joinedin thanking Mr. Houghton for his noble offering. The minutes were adopted. The following is the letter, written by Mr. R. Davies, referred to above :—"Dear Sir,—l have now the pleasure of informing you that I have this afternoon laid your letter of the 9th instant before the Museum and Library Committee, and that the offer therein contained of Mr. Clarence Whaite's picture is most cordially accepted on the part of the Corporation. The Committee feel that the gift will be appreciated by every inhabitant of the town, and that the work will form a welcome and most valu- able addition to the Art Gallery. lam instructed to add that Mr. Chorley's assistance in finding a suitable Posi- tion for the picture will be gladly received. lam also instructed to inform you that a vote of thanks was passed by acclamation at our meeting.—l am, dear sir, yours very faithfully, ROBERT Davms, Chairman of the Museum and Library Committee. W. D. Houghton, Esq., The Beeches, Moore, Warrington, 13th July, 1890."

===== 0002601_18900705_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CEMETERY.

From the report of the registrar to the Cemetery Com- mittee it appeared that the interments for the past five weeks were :—Adults, 43; minors, 57; stillborn and premature, 10. And for the corresponding period last year :—Adults, 41 ; minors, 52; stillborn and permature, 12.—The receipts for the past five weeks we e £99 145., and for the corresponding period last year £7B 18s. ed. Otn the motion ;of Alderman lieruirsos, the minutes were confirmed. THE TNFTEMARY EXTENSION. - THE CONDITION OF THE

===== 0002601_18900705_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
BATILS.-THE PkIIIE. SWINGS.

The Town Hall, Park, and Baths Committee stated that from the report of the bath-keeper it appeared that the income from the baths during the past four weeks was £3B 15s. 10d., and for the corresponding period last year £4B 12s. 6d. At a meeting of the Committee, a deputa- tion from the Infirmary Committee attended and explained their views in full with respect to the land required for the proposed extension. After considering the same and visiting the site, it was resoled" That the Committee are prepared to recommend the Council t ) grant to the Trustees of the Warrington Infirmany a plot of land adjoining the Infirmary, containing about 438 square yards, according to the amended plan, now , Approved by the Committee." It was stated that the grant was subject to the approval of the Treasury.—At asubsequent meeting, Mr. W. Owen, architect, attended and submitted the plans for the extension of the Infir- mary, which were examined and approved. The MAYOR moved the confirmation of the minutes of the Committee. Councillor BOLTON seconded.. Councillor JENKINS enquired if anythigg was being done with a view to improving thebath accommodation. He said he had heard complaints with regard to the con- dition of the baths. Councillor Dr. CANNELL remarked that the Council were making a very great mistake in allowing one inch of the park to be taken from them. They had a park of 121 acres, which was well built round, and be take a yard of that land was like drawing a tooth. (Hear, hear). The Infirmary Committee had simply crammed down their throats the fact that the Infirmary was a charitable institution, and that giving land to the Infirmary was assisting workingmen. He denied it. It was a piece of downright robbery to the ratepayers at large. If the Infirmary Committee wanted to make an extension they could buy property for a very trifling sum, by which they could make extensions for the next 40 or 50 years. They were now only making room for some 16 or 20 patients, and the present extension was simply a prim- ary one for six or eight years. Then they would come to the Corporation again, and would be bound to have further land. He entered his protest against the con- cession, as he coati.dered it a piece of injustice to the ratepayers. Alderman HARRISON said he did not regret the conces- sion, so long as the land was being applied to so excel- lent a purpose. Alderman BURGESS agreed wi;li Alderman Harrison that the Infirmary was doing a grai.'d work. Tkat could not be doubted for a moment by aiy pOrSon of bane mind. At the same time,he sympathised,to soilne Want, with Councillor Cannel!. He could not hep thl‘aktog that a mistake had been made, both on the part of Council and the Infirmary Committee' in selecting the site on which the Infirmary was built, and he thought that had they had the experience at that time they had at the present, another site would have been chosen. Under the present circumstances, however, if the Infirm- ary Committee wanted more land they were bound to assist them. It was to him a grave question whether the money that had been generously and freely subscribed for the extension ought to be laid out in extending the institution further on the site it now occupied. He did not think it wise for the Council to surrender any portion of that land which had been set aside as a public park for the inhabitants, either for the Infirmary or anything else. They had just spent a good sum in putting down a noiseless pavement in front of the institution, but trains were running every quarter of an hour along the railway a little further off, and they vibrated and shook the whole ef the building. And then, again, on the other side, there was the rattle of the musketry in the Drill Hall.

Councillor HENRY ROBERTS asked what was the idea in paving the gymnasium in the park with flags? He did not know whether the Committee were aware that a boy had suffered serious injury in consequence of the flags being there. Was it the idea of the Committeethat they should take out the value of the land they were giving by providing patients for the Infirmary? (Laughter.) Councillor Bourox said that as to the flags at the gymnasium the Committee knew nothing about that. With reference to the baths, if any person had com- plaints to make he should be glad if they would make them at theCommitteemeetings, when the matters would be thoroughly sifted. Councillor JENKINS said that the Council Chamber was the only place where he was privileged to make the matter known, and he should certainly not be dictated to by Councillor Bolton or the Chairman or Vice-Chairman of any Committee. He would, however, now take care that personal complaints should be brought before the Committee. Alderman HOLMES said he agreed with Councillor Cannell on the subject of the transfer of the land. At the time the Infirmary was built, he objected to any part of the park being alienated from its original object, and he hoped that now the land was to be given it would be the very last piece. Alderman DAvizs said that the land which was being given the Infirmary, was really only what one would call a dirty back garden. If they took the value of that piece of land at the price they gave for it, even then the Cor- poration would not be subscribing to the Infirmary at the rate which some other employers were. The MAYOR said that if any improvement could be made in the condition of the baths the Committee would see that it was done. So far as the gymnasium was con- cerned, Mr. Longdin explained that there were no swings in the place, and the only accident had been a fall from a vaulting horse. The minutes were adopted. GENERAL PURPOSES COMMITTEE.—THE LATCH.

FORD BRIDGES AND THE WATERWORKS PIM-

CHASE. The minutes of the Committee contained a copy of the petition against the London and North-Western Railway Company's Bill, which it was resolved be approved, sealed, and presented to Parliament. At another meet- ing of the Committee, it was resolved that Mr. J. L. Tunstall, F.C.A., be requested to examine and report upon the accounts of the Warrington Waterworks Com- pany, for the last three years. Mr. F. W. Monks at- tended the Committee, and objected on behalf of Monks, Hall, and Company, Limited, to the inclusion of their works in the proposed extension of the borough boun- dary. After hearing the representations made by Mr. Monks, the Committee intimated their willingness to place the property of the company on a differential rat- ing for fire years after the'passing of the Bill. The Com- mittee also decided to lodge a petition against the Man- chester Ship Canal (Various Powers) Bill. At a meeting of the Committee, held on the 23rd June, it was resolved that the report of Mr. Mansergh, C.E., on the plant and works of the Warrington Waterworks Company be ap- proved and printed. The Maxoa moved the confirmation of the minutes of the Committee, and said I have pleasure in reporting that in accordance with the instructions of the General Purposes Committee, the witnesses for the Corporation

attended to give evidence before the Committee, of the House of Lords on.the Manchester Ship Canal (Various Powers) Bill. An interview was arranged between the representatives of tile Corporation and those of the Cana Company, at which a satisfactory arrangement was arrived at, and which was afterwards agreed to in the Commiteee of the House. The Bill as altered provides: 1. That the swing:bridges over Knutsford-read and the Northwich-road shall be at not less than 36 feet be- tween the parapets. 2. The provisions of sub-section 1 of section 88 of the Act of 1885, which provide for the opening and closing of the bridges subject to certain pen- alties, are extended to these bridges. 3. Sub-sections 8, 10, 20, and 22 of the same section are made part of the Bill. 4. The new railway bridge over Wash-lane is to be removed and replaced by a bridge 36 feet wide ,between the abutments. 5. Theapproach road leading from Wish-lane to Acker's-lane on the south of the Canal is to be 36 fevt wide, with a footpath six feet wide on either side. 6. The approach road from Grappenhall- road and Hunt's-lane, on the south side of the Canal, is to be 30 feet wide, including a footway on one side thereof six feet wide. The bridge will be 25 feet wide. The roads and bridges are to be made and completed to the reasonable satisfaction of the Borough Surveyor. The swing-bridges at Grappenhall-road and Acker's-lane have been abandoned, I think the Corporation is to be congratulated upon the satisfactory arrangement made with the company, and I believethe concessions made by the company will be found of great public bene- fit.

—Alderman HARRISON said the Council had reason to congratulate themselves upon the final adjustment of the difficulties which a short time ago presented themselves. Councillor FLOOD, referring to the report of Mr. Man- sergh, on the plant and works of the Warrington Water Works Company, contended that whatever investigation took place in c mriection with the Water Works should be of the most searching character. (Hear, hear.) Yet Mr. Mansergh told them that the examination was merely a superficial one. One paragraph of the report said: —"lt was explaieed to me, by Mr. Nicholson, in a statement assented to by Mr. Longdin, that the examina- tion of the company's works which I was about to make was to be merely a superficial examination: that they were not to be called upon to open out any buried works, nor to make any trial pumping; that a copy of my report was to be furnished to them, and that the whole proceeding was to be without prejudice." The report told them a little furthe,r on that the pipes were said by Mr. Ross to be in a good condition, and in the same breath Mr. Mansergh said: "I saw several samples in Mr Longdin's office of pipes taken out, of the system which were considerably diminished in sectional area, both by corrosion and incrustation." TEE MAYOR said that had been withdrawn. Those pipes had not been taken out of the waterworks system It was believed they had been taken out of some portion' of Cockhedgc Mills, and brought by Mr. Diggle and put into Mr. Longdin's hands. (Laughter.) Councillor nook thought the report sliould have been corrected before it got into the hands of the Council. He contended that they were showing less discretion in handing over a quarter of a million of the town's money than they would exercise if they were handing over their own. He honestly believed that if they allowed the re- port to pass without a further investigation they would not be carrying out the principle which was intended iza buying the concern.

' Councillor BOLTON thought the report of Mr. Ma.nsergh was rather one-sided, as the examination had been super- ficial only, and not a thorough one. The minutes were then adopted, and the meeting ter- minated.

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of this Board was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday morning. Alder- man Harrison presided, and there were also present Rev. E. C E. Carleton; Messrs: T. Jones, Heaton, Davies, Gill, Eadowes, Smith, W. Boughton, Mather, Turton, Humphreys. Ratcliffe, .T. Houghton, Auk- land, Kilsball, Balharry, flood-Wright, A. Jolley; J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), C. H. Ward (Workhouse master), and H. M. Mines (super- intendent, Padgate Schools).

THE INFIRMARY AND PAUPER PATIRNTS. The CHAIRMAN referred to the question of the admit- tance of pauper patients to the Warrington Infirmary in cases of emergency, and said he had seen the hon. treasurer of that institutiOn who replied, as he (the Chairman) had anticipated, that no matter whether the patients were paupers or npt they should certainly deal with them. He, therefore, apprehended that that would meet the views of the Guardians and that there would be no furtber difficulties. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. T. JONES : It is very gatisfactory, Mr. Chairman. ELECTION EXPENSES. PASSAGE AT ARMS BETWEEN THE CHAIRMAN AND THE CLERK.

On the minutes of the previous meeting being read, the CHAIRMAN referred to a sum of £5 mentioned therein as having been paid to the Clerk in connection with the recent elections. He thought that at the previous meet- ing when the subject was mentioned that there had been three vacancies, but it turned out that there were only two vacancies? Was he right in saying that there were only two vacancies ?—Mr. RATCLIFFE :That was so.—The CLERK said he hoped no gentleman was led to believe anything to the contrary. He was sorry that it always happened there was never a word on that subject except when the Chairman was present. He hoped they would refer the whole thing to a committee.—The Cnanizem did not wish to intrude any observation calculated to offend anyone. He was simply making an inquiry to which there ought to be no difficulty in hav- ing a reply. He wanted to know what the £5 was \ for.—The CLERK pointed out that the work of the returning officer was dealt with in the consolidated orders, and the auditor would not allow any pay- ment to be made that was not strictly legal. He then explained that there were certain preliminary expenses of an election which fell upon the Union, and if there were no contest would be paid by the Union, but when there were more candidates than were required, and these went to the poll, the expense of the contest fell on 'ea wish, according to a scale fixed by the Lecal ti • ' artment Board. The Union paid for the election Gov` bet !the parishes paid the cost of a fight. Those preper' (leatardlians in those days would know that Mr. who were -wee- allowed a less sum than £5 for a spe- eiGaedi i 'el'esecwtioans,liano' Vale full sum for a general election, asitxpe every year, and there never which at that time upon it. The Clcrk then read was a word of discuss meats for eleetions, and re•• p:kr.wen..siatt thoia ngb jetoct, h‘eolt'l %:: the orders regulating the marked that it was not a ie, in the presence of reporters, in • the Board. If they purely a matter between him ana .ng liked, he would write to the Local Go'vernal°n t Board,. anything: 'was and get their opinion as to whether there • that Vit , informal or unreasonable.—Mr. ACKLAND tai'qti thing had been settled, and he did not think the.'r atten— tion should be taken up time after time with it.— CHAIRMAN : I simply asked the question.—Mr. AL'l7 LAND: This Board perfectly understanda-the question. —Mr. GILL said he had been reading the article re- gulating the payments for elections, and lie found that it bore out tho conpention of the Clerk.—The CLERK said that when Mr. Greening- died the Board instructed him to apply to the Local Government Board for an order for an eleclion, but just before the order was issued Mr. Wright, of Haydock, intimated that he was likely to retire from the Board. Lastead of waiting for a second order, he irmt the Local Government Board to issue an order for both elections at the same time. By his own act on that occasion, he, therefore, forfeited a second £5, and it did grieve him to have that thing brought up again when he had been saving money to his own loss.— The CHAIRMAN : I have not brought the subject up aeain. —The CLERK: I leave the matter between you a nemy- self to the judgment of the Board.—The CHAIRMAN said he had only asked a question.—The CLERK: I would have given you an answer if you had asked me before the reporters were here.—The CHAIRMAN: I never would have asked it but for the reading of the miuutes. Let us get on with business.—The CLERK: Pray do not let us have it appear that I have preveated business gaing on. —Mr. HEATON said he could remember the day when there was never leas than £l5 or £2O paid.—The Ciaars- MAN said that was at a general election, and covered a great number of vacancies. He did not want to provoke any ' controversy, but he had his own opinion about it nevertheless.—The subject then dropped.

• cam. The Workhouse Master reported gifts of newspapers, &c., by Mrs. Clayton, Mr. A. Jolley, and Mr. G. Ratcliffe. Mr. R. Dutton, of Lymm, had sent a large quantity of flowers from the Congregational Church, Lymm. Mr. Eddowes had sent a large number of oranges for the children. The Superintendent of Padgate schools, in reporting as to Walking Day, said that gifts of 20 dozen of ginger beer, lemonade, &c., had been received from Messrs: liddowes, a basket of ginger bread from Mr. A. 1 Brundritt. Mr. Joseph Houghton had kindly placed a. ' field at the children's disposal. 'WORKHOUSE INMATES GETTIEG DRUNK.

The Workhouso Master repor[ed that a number of the adult inmates of the Workhouse had had leave of absence on Walking Day, came home in a very drunken state, and some did not return until next day.—Mr. W. HOUGHTON.—Have these inebriates been punished.— The WORKHOUSE MASTER No there were too many of them to punish. (Laughter) .—The CHAIRMAN : Are they all in the house now ?—The WOREIIOIISE MASTER: Yes. —The CHAIRMAN It is a matter to be remembered nex' c year.—Mr. FIEATON : We ought to instruct the mast, ar. not to let those people out for the next four months The CHAIRMAN said it was a matter for the House r join, mittee.The matter then dropped.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
A LAITDAI3LE AMBIT/O.

The CLERK mentioned that the boy Jr( hn W was again in Warrington Workhouse, havincr charged from Denbigh Asylum and been a , been, dis- ern• Workhouse in the ordinary way.—The rtterl to the. MASTER said the lad was nearly sixteen yr W°"llol7gE he said that when old enough he inter, AI'S of age, and house and go back into Wales. He we. Jed to leave the to learn the Welsh language, which, ' 4 going, he said. be useful to him in his future life. ( ne thought, would This was all the business. Laughter.) GENERAL Satisfaction command who use •' SUNLIGHT SOAP."- the vast a.ray of people

===== 0002601_18900705_art0035.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_18900705_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- .

a*Mii

===== 0002601_18900705_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
T" "EXAMINER" SERIES OF LANCASHIRE AND CRESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises rHE Warrington and ffid-Clieshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and lsiewton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. rfIRE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday JL afternoon. ituneorn Examiner, published every Saturday -I- morning ; and Tr HE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning,

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS Sowing under the following heads are inserted in ALL the . labove-mentloned Papers for ONE CHAJIGE. as per scale gives below, SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO RE LET on Sou). One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks, 18 .... ....... .... Os 64 ~. is 3d ... 2s Od 27 ...... ......... Os 94 . . is 104 ... 3s Od 36 . 45 ...... ......... ls 3d ... 3s 14 ... 5s Od 54 above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Advertise- inept inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
VrOftsstoital.

MALE and FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, Hope-A., Liverpool. Estab. 1878.—For reliable Attendant, Mental, Medical, and Monthly Nurses, apply or telegraph, "Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 570.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
liaointatt Otrbantl, Su.

_ -wrANTED, a general SBRVAIVII—AppIy Mr. McCor.Loat Market-place, Warrington.

NIV ANTED, a good General SERVANT.—Friend's Home Beerhouse, 65, illontao.ue-St., Blackburn.

NV ANTED. a good General SERVANT.—Apply to Mrs. RIDER, White Horse, Elliott-st., Tyldealey.

WANTED. General SERVANT, for small farm ; good LEWTHWAITE, 11111 End, Great Horton, Bradford.

(Li 001) General SERVANT required in spell family; wage 3 'UV EH to £l6.—Apply 2, Portland Villas, Cromwell-st., •Stretford.

WANTED, a good general SERVANT, not under 20 years of age.—Apply Mrs. KENYOIV, 124, Wilderspool-rd.. Warrington.

WANTED, immediately. smart, young general; good home.—Apply, Mrs. JONF.S, 95, Stocks-st., Cheetham, Manchester.

IWANTED, SITUATION as groom and gardener, good character and references, age 20.—G. GILES, Jeffent Illagna, Salisbury.

WsiANTED, HOUSEKEEPER one used to dairy preferre ; comfortable home.—Apply WORSLEY'S. 183, Duck- worth.st. Darwen.

WANTED, a good general SERVANT; plain cooking; no washing. Apply Mrs. BRIERLEY, Sunnyside, Newton-le-Willows.

WANTED, a. General SERVA.NT, age about 20, must be able to wash.—Apply, 14IYNEKINE, Cheshire House, Standishgate, Wigan.

IRL(repeCtabe' WA.NTED, from 16 to 18, for small 131 family, references required.—Apply Mariner's Hotel, Percival's-lane, Runcorn.

QENERAL SERVANT (good) wanted, able to wash and iron. wages ss. per week.--I. DOOTSON, 111, Dean Church-lane, Daubhill, Bolton.

WANTI), at once, Generals, housemaids. cooks, nurses, vraitresses.—SmlTH, Registry Office, 15, Moss-lane, West, Brook's Bar, Manchester.

WANTED, general SERVANTS, young girls, cooks, and housemaids ; good wages.—Mrs. COLE, Bradford Re- gistry, Southbrook-terrace, Bradford. IWILT anyone recommend a thoroughly good General SERVANT for a small private family, at Colwyn Bay. —Address A., Y-Nyth, Colwyn Bay, N.W.

SERVANT (good strong) ANTED, for a farmhouse; one who can milk preferred.—Apply to Mrs. T. CLIFF, Buyer's Farm, Pimbo-lane, Upholland, near Wigan. _

WANTED, SITUATION aa Groom and Coachman; married ; one child. Age 12 ; good characten—Appiy J. •RENSHAW, NetherthorPe Hall, nr. Worksok.

WANTED, at once, a respectable GIRL, about 15, to assist in housework, a good hams, an abstainer preferred.— Apply, Mrs. COATE., 69. Dlackfriar's-rd., London, S.E.

E_ XPERIENCED working HOUSEKEEPER seeks re- engagement, thorough manager, age 41, good ref er- enees.—A.V., 4, Clarence tirove, Moss-lane West, Manches- ter.

GENERAL SERVANT, about 25, able to cook, family of four, no children, character required. good wages t o suitable person.—Address Miss ROSCOE, 733, Manchester-rd., Bradford.

' r ANTED, first-rate HOUSE-PARLOITIMAID, tall, V strong, well up in all her duties, and over 26; no up- stairs -I ork ; some help given; a good character from last place indispensable, and preference given to a lady's recom- mendation.—States wages and particulars to Miss STutarr, Busliards, Ingatestoue, Essex. , 3 et i

arAinttttg, 3rf.

ON SALE, 56 inch BICYCLE. Price £2 10s.—Apply 40, Ormskirk-st., S. Helens.

1101 CYCLES, second-hand, cheap; can be paid for monthly. —ELDERICIN'm Old Cycle Depot, 371, Oidord-st., Man- chester.

T 0 BE SOLD, an excellent TRICYCLE. Spar—kbrook pat- tern, central and two speed gear, ban bearings, capital condition, cheap.—Apply, and to vievc, NV. TUCKER, St. Helens.

VATFORD PREMIER SAFE': IC FOR SALE, nearly new; kJ light, strong. and a rcadster ; fastest machine in the world. Lowest pri.-,e EE) 10s. ; cost ElB 105.—.. T. B. WARREN (Freeman, 11;,ydy. and Will a), St, Helens.

SAFETIES l. P;LCYCLES I and TRICYCLES I—New Safe- ties Bowr, s ball bearings all over; hollow handle bar; cradlensyri".4 ; plated parts ; warranted -, spring lamp ; coin- Plete 10s. Bicycles from 15s. ; Tricycles from 355. 300 .86bwr..d-hand machines in stock. Lists post free.-It.. Wsmat- '°-.0, Weston-snper-Mare.

:THE OLD-ESTABLISHED BASSINETTE WAREHOUSE. Zeware of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest Learriages in the town or district. (No connection with any , -other Arm of the same name.) 'W. ASHTON, 74, Sankey-st., Warrington, manu- facturer of Bath Chairs, Bassinettes, Rustle Car- riages, 8.c., of the beet materials and workmanship, on the 'premises, under personal supervision. Weil-finished Basslnettes from 255., warranted to run laJraight. Mail Carts, Tricycle Horses, Doll Carriages, SK.c Agent for Sewing Machines, Wringing and Washing Mac- hines. WORKS :—FACTORY-LANR. BANK QUAY.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Contratts.

HALL AND ROGERS.—Pipes, bricks, slates, cement, and all building materials ; telephone No. 471, telegrams "Pipes," Manchester.—Upper Stanley st., Dale-st. Manchester.

POUNTT BOROUGH OF ST. HELENS.—TO TIMBER k.) MERCHANTS AND OTHERS.—The Health Committee are prepared to receive TENDERS for the erection of wooden shed about 250 feet long by 50 feet wide at the Parr Manure Depfit. Plans and Specifications may be seen and form of tender obtained at my office. Tenders endorsed "Tender for bled, Manure Depot and addressed to the Chairman of the Health Committee to be delivered at my office not later than 12 o'clock noon on Wednesday, the 9th inst. The committee do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. GEO. J. C. BROOM, Borough Engineer. 'Town Hall. St. Helens, July 3rd, 1890.

C OUNTY BOROUG OF ST. HELENS. The Parks, &c.; H Committee, are prepared to receive TENDERS for the erection of a Branch Library and Cottage on the Thatto Heath Estate. Plans and Specifications can be seen and Bills of Quantities and Forms of Tender may be obtained at my office on and after Tuesday next, the Bth instant, on payment of £1 is., which amount will be returned on receipt of a bona- tide Tender.—Sealed Tenders addressed to the Chairman of the Parks, Sm., Committee, and endorsed "Tender for Branch Library, /tc,” to be delivered at my office not later than 12 o'clock noon on Wednesday, the 16th inst. The Committee do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any Tender. GEO. J. C. BROOM. Borough iingineer. Town Hall, St. Helens, July 3rd, 1890.

VALENTINE, lIARDAWAY, & TOPPING Turf Commission Agents, BOULOGNE-SUR-BER, FRANCE. THE "FRENCH AND ENGLISH SPORTSMAN" (published daily), containing Entries for all Important Handicaps as soon as published, and Latest Market Move- snents on the same, forwarded free on ..ecelpt of address. DOUBLE and TREBLE EVENTS. S.P. on all RACES. The Oldest Firm in existence. No representatives.

BRUNDRETT'S BREWERY, WARRINGTON. MILD AND BITTER ALES AND STOUT, GUARANTEED BREWED FROM PURE HOPS AND MALT. , DAILY DELIVERIES. Mr. Brundrett Attends Wednesday's Corn Market.

FEMALE IRREGULARITIES whether natural, accidental, or acquired, can only be cured by using the famous "Indian Zingarine."" Post tree, is. id.—Mr. HILL. 38, Clieltentam-rd., Bristol.

DEAKIN and HODSON'S SEVILLE ORANGE MARMALADE recommended for its tonic properties. Works, lienhurst Bridge, Wigan.

IF you wish U., give your friends a treat, when asking them to tea, be sure and have a supply of rBAXIIc & HODSON'S MARMALADE.

HOUSEKEEPERS need no longer worry mak- ing MARMALADE, Deakin & Hodsons equsl to net IC me made.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Eri in act.

Tro LET. 48, Parker-at., rent moderate.—Apply Asmax , AND WOODS. SlHelton, Horsemarket,st., Warrington.

TO LET.—" TIIE ELMS." Bewsey-rd., rent moderate. _ll_ Apply Asaroa and WOODS, solicitors. liorsemarket-BL, Warrington.

rro LET. PREMISES, in centre of Warrington, suitable foit small workshops.—Apply ASHTON and WOODS, Solicitors? 55, Rorsemarket-stret,„ Warrington.

PENKETH. —LAND TO BE LET for building purposes.— Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE, estate agent, auctioneer and valuer, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington.

rpo BE LET a very desirable HOUSE and SHOP situate and being No. 3, Oxford-et., Earlestown, containing good Shop and living premises with four bedrooms.—For par- ticulars apply to Mrs. THORP, Pawnbroker. Earlestown.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Zpartnunt6,,furnisbrbi 3Douoto,Bu.

APARTMENTS.-1. Dykelands. Morecombe, facing the sea.—Address W.F.

WEST KIREBY.—Good healthy Home for Invalids.— Apply Orme's View, 4, Deeside-parade.

MISSES EVAaDtIS,, (late of Hurst), 28, (Off Part-

LANDUDNO.—APAIITMENTS, close to sea and pier pavilion.—Apply Emscote Mouse.

BLACKPOOL.—Miss PICILIPs, 55, Talbot-rd., left hand side Wm station. Rooms public or private.

APARTMENTS.—Plano„ bath dm., Mrs. LEES, Baden House, 35, Queen-st., Blackpool, (Near the Sea).

RMORT, Isle of Han. Prince of Wales Hotel on the promenade close to the piers ; boarding-house terms.

TODGINGS for a young man or female; no children or Other lodgers.-2, Smith-st., off Mersey-st., Warrington.

ST. ANNES-ON-SEA.—Large Furnished HOUSE TO BE LBT during August.—Misa LATIMER, South Promen- ade.

BLACKPOOL.—Private Sitting Room and Bedrooms; sea view ; near to North Pier.—Mrs. CLRTER, 51. Talbot- road.

B .—BOARD and RESIDENCE from one guinea I) per week each person.—Miss ROTE, 1, Belle Vue Man- sions.

BLACKPOOL.—Good APARTMENTS, close to Central Station and sea.—LovELL, late Whiteley, 33, Adelaide- street.

DLACKPOOL.—PUI3LIC and PRIVATE ROOMS; terms, moderate.—Miss ASHWORTH, Shrub House, 43, Bank-st., North Shore.

14LACKPOOL. —Mrs. AIELLon. 33, Abingdon-st., close to I) Winter Gardens and Set; Public and Private APARTMNTS.

RHYL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, close 0 sea. terms moderate.—GlLßEßT, Cwrych Castle View, 2, Aquarium-street.

BLACKPOOL, 5 Tyldesley Terrace, facing the sea. BOARD or PRIVATE APARTMENTS, moderate charges.— Mrs. GREENWOOD.

OIITHPORT.---Pleasant airy front APARTMENTS, public or private. piano, bath, ac., good crooking, very central. —4li. Portland-at.

'WINDSOR HOUSE, Penmaenmavir, TO BE LET, FUR, NISHED ; or APARTMENTS ; four sitting, nine bed- -1.0011151.—A. BRADL E.

PENMAENMAIVIt WALES.—Furnished Detached VILLAS or APARTMENTS ; near sea; beautifully situated.— Address, Penrhyn Villa.

TIARMHOUSE APARTMENTS. overlooking Morecambe 1: Bay; splendid scenery.—J. NEWHAM. Guard Hill, nr. Milnthorpe, Westmorland.

10LIVYN BAY.—Ben Lomond, Wynnstay-road. FUR- NISHED HOUSE, near the sea. Terms moderate; three entertaining rooms, six bedrooms.

ITARROGATE,—Comfortable APARTMENTS, 3 minutes walk from station, baths and rooms; charges moderate; good attendance.-5, Cheltenham Parade.

/ lOLWYN BAY.—FUENISIOSO HOUSE, for July and N..) September ; very comfortable ; 6 beds, 2 fatting rooms.— Address THOMAS, Kensington House.

MORECAMBE.—Comfortable APARTAIIINTS at Mrs. WATERWORIII 8, 11, Townley-sr.' near the new Pier. Terms moderate. All letters answered.

A PAKTMENTS TO LET.—Newlands Vale, near Keswick. Cumberland, 1 bedroom, 1 sitting-room, Grand view; bracing air—Mrs. FOSTER, gell Cottage.

fIOUNTRIC APARTMENTS at Ballaeaine Mansion House, Vi near Douglas. Farm produce on the premlses.—Mrs. W. A. DOUGLAS, Ballaeaine, Oneban, Isle of Man.

BLACEPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, Pianos, near Central Station and Promenade ; terms reasonable.-- Mrs. E. J. Madam 21, Adelaide-st., Blackpool.

VOLWYN BAY.—APARTMENTS, or FURNISHED V HOUSE ; pleasantly situated; two sitting five bed- rooms. Moderate if for long tenaney.—SHEPPEnb.

LANDUDNO.—WEST-END BOARDING ESTABLISH- MENT ; splendidly situated ; view of bays ; Ormes; good table; moderate tariff. Fine dining, drawing, and smoke MOM.

SCARBRO'.—GIBSON'S Boarding House, situate on the North Cliff, facing the sea, with magnificent view of the bay. Moderate and inclusive terms.—G. GIBSON, Proprietor.

DARLOUR, dining room, three bed rooms, ten minutes walk to beach, excellent sea view, splendid sands for bathing.—Apply Mrs. WILLIAMS. Frondeg, Llanallgo, Tyn-y- Gong,e, Anglesey.

910 BE LET, Furnished, PARLOUR and BEDROOM in 1 North Wales ; five minutes walk from Amlwch ; 15 from the seashore.—Address, A. JONES, Penygroyslon, near Amlwch, Anglesea.

TIOUGLAS, ISLE OF MAN.—The Elms : APARTMENTS. with or without Board ; Mrs. J. Cannell (late of War- rington),2B, Murray-rd., Broadway, Douglas, Isle of Man ; three minutes walk from iron pier and bathing ground.

RAMSEY, ISLE OF MAN.—TO BE LET, several newly i erected and splendidly-fitted BOARDING and LODGING-HOUSES. containing six sittting and twenty bed- rooms. and all modern conveniences; situate on Mooragh Promenade. Uninterrupted sea view. Unrivalled beach. Rent moderate. Also Double SHOP and PREMISES in East- street, suitable for almost any business. Also two newly erected HOUSES overlooking park and sea containing three reception rooms and six bedrooms,and all modern conveniences rent £22 per year each.—Address R. COWLEY, Timber Mer- chant, Ramsey.

gtpartintiit6, Bzr., rantinutb.

ADIS. ATKINSON, 7. Princess Royal-terrace, South Cliff, 171 Scarborough; drawing-room and two bedrooms. Piano.

I\TORTH WALES. Seaside APARTMENTS for July 11 facing the sea, terms reasonable.—Mrs. FEDDIS, Cam- brian House, Criccieth.

LP MACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, public and private. Terms moderate. Good cooking aud attendance. —Brierley House, 19, Cookson-et.

XTALE OF CLWYD.—FURNISHED ROUSE, for August V eight rooms, delightfully situated. very moderate terms 4. Vale View, Ruth'''.

BLACKPOOL.—Superior Apartments; sea view, bath, and home comforts ; moderate.—Address A. R., 8, Derby- road, Claremont Park, Blackpool.

(11-IEAP COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS TO LET, sitting V and bedroom; also kitchen apartments, 38. per week.— Apply 39, Pierpoint-et., Warrington.

COLVVYN BAY, superior APARTMENTS for July, two entertaining, six beds (sea and mountains).—Stamped envelope to Misses LEVER, Milford House.

BUXTON, Holker House —First-class comfortable APART- MENTS : beautiful situation; three minutes' walk from baths and station; terms moderate.

ODNEY BOARDING HOUSE, 45, Loch Promenade, _IL Douglas. Terms, full board, ss. 6d. to 6s. 6d. per thy, inclusive.—Mrs. COBB, Proprietress.

MORECAMBE—Superior APARTMENTS,fronting beach, charming views of bay and lake mountains ; board if required.—Misses BROOICSIUNK, Westleigh.

NORTH WALES.—APARTMENTS (aittingand three bed- rooms); cooking and attendance ; moderate terms.— Miss ELLIS, Berwyn House, Llandrillo, Corwen.

BLACEPOOL.—COMFORTABLE homely APARTMENTS, piano, neat' Near and Central Station, terms reasonable.— Mrs. DEWHURST. 68, Coronation-st.d Blackpool.

VLEETHORPES.—MRs. W. WOODS, 3, High Cliff Terrace, V gardens end, splendid view sea and pier, comfortable accommodation for visitors terms reasonable, or write.

MORECAMBE.—FURNISHED HOUSE TO LET; four bedrooms, bath and w.c. two sitting-rooms, kitchen; fine prospects, land and sea view.-24. Hornby Terrace.

Manta,.

WANTED, STONE BREAKERS, for macadam, at the Granite Sett Quarry, Trefriw, North Wales. —Aptly to the MANAGER.

TO COOPRRS.=WANTED, Your steady COOPERS, aeons-- _1 tomed to new dry work.—Apply Gro. PRELPg and Co., Coopers. Swansea.

CIONFECTIONERS —WANTED, for the bakehouse, a J Female CONFECTIONER ; one wha understands the business.—Apply 3, Queen-st.,Aloreeambe.

A Gh'NTS WANTED ; goods in steady dernartd • salary and La_ eODIMISSiOrt.—IRETON AND CO., 92, GraCedDlTCh-street, London.

A GENTS WANTEII.—A forterre for arf. Samples post free.—PENDLERTIRY & Co., 167, Harrrich-road, Col- chester.

MARRIED PEOPLE; Invaluable harmless Receipt of great Importance ; send stamped addressed envelope for particulars.-11. VOTCE, Blarkfrlars, Gloucester.

rrOBACCONISTS and those commencing shotald call or send _l_ for our Price List. Competition defred.—GOLDBERG'S, raradise-st.. Liverpool. Established IMO.

A sTßoLoGY—what is before you.—Seed time of birth, stamped addressed envolope, and Postal Order is. to J. WILSON, Wilton-road, Westminster, London.

A GENT WANTED.—€ 26 per quarter, paid weekly, 11. splendid opening. Experience unnecessary. Specimens Frde.—Address,Compo WORMS, Farnwortit, Bolters.

rrOBACCONIST.9 coluctencing.—Write for Md. Guide (229 1. pages) 3 stamps: "How to commenee."—Toatecomns OUTFITTING CO. (Regd.),lB6; Euston-rd., London, N.W.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
( ;

===== 0002601_18900705_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JULY 5, 1890.

alt bp, itiMatt E nap.

ON BALE, growing OATS, at Higher Runenrn, Stout an acre.--Apply 72, gigh-et., Runcorn.

I\TEWTON LAKE.—Several BOATS to be disposed A— ll Apply to A. J. LANE, Park-rd, Newton-le-Willows. T°

BE SOLD, a Grocery and Provision Business; seller re- tiring.—Apply GEORGE Joss, grocer, &c., Seaforth Market, Seaforth.

ON SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOSICING, /6, Fenwick-st., Liverpool.

TO CSI X DRAPERS ONLY.— Specialities in prints and Woven Unions ; Engaged Patterns.—Address " Cloth Examiner Office, Warrington.

ORGAN-HARMONIIIM, with pedals, suitable for church or large hall, blown by hand or by player, price 25 guineas.--itev. H. BOnSTEAD, New Swindon, Wilts.

3S. per thousand. —On Sale. 200,000 OX-CABBAGE PLANTS and THOMAND-riEADED KALE.—Apply to GEORGE PEARCE. Knighton Han, Newport, Salop.

A IfISTOTLE'S WORKS, with rates. 332.pager,30 stamps; Paris by Night, or Gay Life in Paris;, Ilinstrabsd. 30 stamper.—Post free E. BOWKER, 27. Renshavp-st.. Liverpool.

TOIIN Lovrß, Ilre and Thief-proot SAVI3 MAXIM, hasON U BALB Chatwood, Chubb, Perry„, Phallis' s and others ; new and second-hand; very cheap; 100 to ehoosefronv, 38, Albert-street, King-street West, Stranettester.

-38,

Artininntrp, $4.,, en gnat.

VERT GOOD GAS UlGillflo, 4411orse; no fault; replacing V I',-Assr larger power; is 3411 working at Wax's te,flazia, and Sot* Heaton-lane, Stoakport.

TWO4IORSB Vertical GAS,ENGINB (Crossley'sso Pairs Pranch Burr Stones, and ORE' Exhaust lajector. ALBERM.BARD ES, boiler coven:sl-i Accrington.

AYWARD TYLER 'UNIVERSAL STEAM PUMP, 3XIOIO gallons per hour; 211LP:Vertical STEAM ENGINE and BOILER.—C. COTTON, SOOtland-roaddWarring'zen.

BOILERS FOR SALE, Range of font-, 30 feet by 7 feet. double rivetted, Flanged furnaces, Galloway cross tubes, steel throughout, by Daniel Adamson, now working at 951bs. pressure. Two BOILERS, 30 In, It. 61n., with fin. shells, cross tubes made by Tetlow's, 1883. working at 851bs. pressure. One BOILER, 30 by 7ft., made by Yates, 1864, working at 901bs pressure. One BOILER, 30 by 6ft. fin., steel, for 701b5. pressure, ready. Two BOILERS, 30 by 7ft. with cross tubes, stopped at 851bs. fit for 751b5. pressure, ready. Three 1331LERS, 30 by If t., fit for 601b5. pressure, ready. Three BOILIIRS, 28 by 71t., fit for 601bs. pressure, ready . One BOILER, 24 by 6ft. fin., fit for 60Ibs. pressure, ready. One BOILER Galloway Type 28 by 78t., 601bs. pressure, ready. Apply Jo= BTantuza, Mill Bill, Blackburn.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
I -S‘ -4 't 4 rz -0 o 4- v '0"," .

===== 0002601_18900705_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Ilffatrimonp.

Lnouncement

ONE CASE OF - t 1 sufficient AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a Certain Class (Internal and External) ; 4s. 6d. Parcels Post, ss. Single Bottles of Mixture, 2s. 6d. METHTJEN, OPERATIVE CHEMIST (late BOWEER,) 332, DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
gpalts bp Vribatt Erten.

OAK MORTISED POSTS-FOE SAGE,eiletip.—Address 20, Examimirliffiae: Warrington.

OZritratton.

A STROI&OGY.--STEPTIVNi SOOrr, 4; Marlborough 11 Place;. Oxford 'Medi rancrtester.—Stamp for terms. iamanaes for 1890. '

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTI- BILIOUS PILLS. is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head, o.ticl kidneys ; free the skin of burnout* purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, after excess in eating or drinking, and are most valuable at change of life, and periodical obstruction. Made only by Mr. Smith, M.P.S., 289;Walworth-road, Lon- don. Proprietor of Fowler's Celebrated Corn, Bunion, and Chilblain Plaster, is. ltd. per box, by post for 15 stamps ; known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDERS, AND "Tv TORAL FRUIT COMM LOZENGE. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

•

g9altslw3uttimt r,

y Mr. BARNEW DUTTON.

Evolution. Tim redemption of the masses.in in relation to present life is Co-operation.. blem which occupies, quite as much attentiomnow-a-days a3,redemptiork in rela- tion to-thelife,toi come. Unfortunately, there, is in bothecases ne small theexising, aucli no small uncertainty as. to how that redemptiisn can beat be accomplished. It was believed by, a large sectionsof people that the salvation of humanity, so far as this world goes, must be sought in,CO- - BLit Co-operation has not,achieved all that WAS expected of it by its sanguine advocates; 1 and there are some reformers who,have reached the conclusiOn that while the principle a Co- operation, is all right, ta be effertive the State must, step in and make it compulsory. This is the doctrine of the extreme section of the Socia- lista,-; but,, as their proposals involve,. to begin wit,eonfiseation of exiSting capital, they do not find, much favour in this country; with thought- fut, fair-minded men.. What is, called Com- pulsory Co-operation, is promulgated in the Vl:kited States; and, as will be seen. from an able article in another column,Mr. ILL WILMEAM, of San Etaneisco, and formerly of Warrington, has been Ic.embating the propesal, and at thesame tune put- ting in a word in behalf of the further trial of Toluntary Co-operation. Mr. WI:11111AM takes the. ,editor of the " Patific Union " to task for saying 'that" Co-operation as a means of relieving the ; miseries of the working-men of Christendom is thus far a dead Totter." As, an Englishman famili- ar with what has been done in this country,, and particularly in Warrington, Mr. Wilirrum is able to make out a good ease in favour otCo- operation as applied to the distribution of pro- ducts ; but be admits that comparatively little has been done in the directien of Co-operatvie produc- tion. He holds, however, that Distribution and Protection are little by little approaching each other ; and he still looks to "Co-operation, aided by the voluntary effort of all parties," as "the panacea for all our ills." This is a large faith, and the foundation of it is that "the employer is, and must be, as much dissatisfied with the present state of things as the employe." But is this so I' We must confess to feeling somewhat sceptical as to the feeling of the em- ployer upon the subject. The manufacturers of the world are naturally dissatisfied when their pro- fits are reduced, or when losses are occasioned by strikes ; but the dissatisfaction has not, except in a very few cases, led them to say :—" We are tired of this warfare; and henceforward you as work- people shall share the profits with us." They may

===== 0002601_18900705_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
I

new and then think of such a thing ; but they' reetet, too,that as losses cannot very well be shared as well, as profits, the new game is not worth the candle. We have not much hope, therefore, of progress on this side of the: question, unless Labour should becemeso genevally and so highly organised as to be abrato compel Capital in its own intelests to take Labe& into partnership. Strikes arer, to be sure, in the nature of wars; and strikes, like' wars, may, hr the futuse,, become so territkly destructive that peace, almost at any price will •;be preferable to conflict. Granted that there ie evolution in Co-operation, as, in; everything else,' and that it is in this direction we are moving, we' roe still far, 'MT far, from the end to be achieved. The great difficulty is that throe is least CO-operation amongst those who most need it; and Ili& aPPlies alike in relation to labour and the purchase of cora- mooliges. It would be interesting.to have a return- showing what numberef membersofiCo-operative Societies there are among the "sweated" workerit in ourgreat cities. Tketproportion would, we fears be very small; and, if the inquiry were carried_ further it would be found that wheraiwages were on the fewest scale organisation, or rre-operativ! effort formutual protectien,was also orrthe lowe" scale, if met absolutely nil:. What, we roust confess/ we ardently desire to see are growing sips of evolw tion in Co-'operation—using the word in its broad sense—by which the poorsst of the peer will be ape to enfirce adequate payraent for their labour. It is the veriest twaddle of,Polttical and- knisound economy tcosay that the ouly thing to be docisis, to leave the linnet) the laws a supply ancl:lemsue; ; and that anyfirindof interfevence will sirsply meica matters worse. We should like tor see, tile economist with a shirt out his • back need4!o ibr three farthings—and there are tens of thonsade• ;of shirts mad at that rate—lo would argue *4 nothing, but evil 'Would come ni an organiiatiisn which insisted that not another shirt cbouldla ;made until thavrice was doubled. He would di" _serve to be ducked in a horse-pond if liedid.c,24 ;pledge himself tohelp to interfere to that•extoo with the ordinary laws of supply and derrsind •• ifs shee.r ignorance, or sheer miseepresentatioakt prornipits the contention that.. " whatevis',ll! „right,' .and that no better wage can ber*Par`i" Labour in this country—speaking of the osurilir'j as a whole—is exceedingly prodrnitive—soprerbYr- live at any rate:este permit offa large adrano3 kex' ;Ca-payment of the lowest claw of labour withogt doing more thanlisurrendering...that fair shar4Yol3 the fruits of latour which labourrhas fairly ear'' Last year—to no further bmlothe aerelAii :the: wealth of t/lenation was,. at the lowest es ONE HUNDMM, AND TWITIIMY MILLTOINSStOr' 'ling.. If half only of this 7-ast increpee were' ;equally dividedf: 4-rli-infr the population atFOrW 11,1ifliotas, it worlds mean an additional income di 1,30 a. per head fo:•efsery man, woman, an6aild- ;the kingdom—orr.t•ia, put it another wa-yy,3s.4e° week more to livaupora for every. family of- five,Per' ;sonv. There is no,call for the-bees to start-swig° !honey is being mac% in abundance; ancl corrupt, graspirg,.and brutally;aelfish corAition-pf ;things which albws, of the working bees to perish' ;whilst the droneasre fed to repkrtion, andwasto ,more than they, consume. Co•operatian means; but, when, the profits; are. niade, jet -As lhave something; like, a fair division. At pretel34. •tire• division is afrand, and what is neeendis -511'04 !au evolution of:: Co-operation-i-doivnward as IA iasapward—as willmske the charin. g of mitts id° stupidly inequitable and glaziney unjust. -

- NonstrilSTAtL'lNG, the stabeineall:d Latchford 1, Bridges. the Mayor at. the meeting ,ofthe • Warrington Town Council,- o'l' ;Tiresday, we are, strongly of opiniort, that.-tbe 'Manchester Ship Canal Company got the better ; the Corporation in the arlaugaments.whicla were' meow to,bef ore tho Lords Committee the othar,cl3,Y' as to Latchford' roads and bnidges. Inthe crigin"` !Act the Company engaged to•peovide three .„ sWing -,bridges at Latchford, to carry the traffic; acre° ';linutsforcl-rcad,, Grappenhallaroad, and Acker'ir lane. They were, allowe, to , obliterate sunall :footpaths, esides sacrificing Common-Ilene', , ;converting the .Warrington. end of Thelwallt into a au/ e sae. But theantore they hadni; th.n own way thamcre they wanted; end, some thousands. a pounds naight be savedi,if could escape the obligation to make Apnea afr three swing ,bridges, they; set to work toa seel°ll_,.; plish that &Neel So wall have they. liagee"'„{ that they are permitted to abaucl.n thenaaking two out of ,the three sling bridges, a. big vehicular bridge being given in, lieu eared. was - was at first arranged that one swing,kilge 3119111,,a- -be sacrificed, a high-1.33ml footabriklgo acress b- ptpheeaiialaihaibisttaenpptseac,ixto7anntdedurg ,butecitaiitttliiiaL: road at I.atchford Station being substituted- rr: few " carriage people"' living; at Latchford 0 Gra - this e,: allal pany a good thing if the foot-bridge was converbedinto aviressed carriag way. The ip Can Corn themselaces willing tO do this,-" for, a eoissiderie: tion," and that consideratiou was tthe-sacre of second.; swing-bridge—the bridge amass. Aoki"' lane. Against this proosal the inhabitant", of thekdistrict protested, both in, publie raeetint and by a petition, signed, ix two op.thaee days' over 300 residents. Carriege,people =alike ang#.l visits are said totbe--fewand fan: brAween—ani,,,l was„natural thr,ttninety-andanino should objed-4 being put to inconvenience in ozfikr that one wig' be especially aecomraodated. such has bets; thamanceuvening—so cleverly havothe stringabeea pulled—that the masses are- as usual sacriace„, ' to the classes; and we must add that it is noel.° to. the Corporation ofWarringoa that it has been , party to the sacrifice., The Corporation may claim, behave gained s°Tilvae- ' thing; but what have thez, gained ? TheY hails obtained an undertaking that the approach r°' to the high-level bridge shall be 36 feet wide, h. that tho,railway bridge at Wash Lane whic part of the appaoach, shall be widened. Seelg ' that the approaehes to the high-levet bridge admitted, even by Mr.. LEADtII WILZIA-315, tO "a steep incline," it was a matter of course to r quire a fairly wide road; and, as to the wident9,g_ of Wash Lane railway bridge, in securing that Carporation are simply repairing what are caurluil but regard asthe negligence of the past. beanteresting to know how it ever came about tha the Ship Canal Company were allowed to sPlanst Wash Lane with a bridge of 2Ci feet only, Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, and Co., could obtal.ed _ within a quarter of a mile of Wash Lane—a bri the g:. where t of no less than 40 feet,on private land that no road at all. It is something, 'we grant , tha_a Wash Lane bridge is to be made as wide as it sliet'slo I have been from the first; but how comes it that-10, far as we can judge from the full report of the Pra,_ ceedings—no effort whatever was made to retw Acker's Lane swing bridge in accordance with ette o expressed wishes of the inhabitants? It has bee_ stated that the petition from the inhabitants vo" informal; but this was not so. It was presentLlr and accepted, but the witnesses who went to IJO

presenteci

•

don at the expense of the ratepayers were not even called to give evidence on what was essentially in the interest of the,ratEpayers. We put it to any Person who has not taken leave of his senses

Whether the difference between a high-level foot bridge and a high-level vehicular bridge is worth t the sacrifice of the swing bridge at Acker's Lane? If this arrangement is to stand, it means that, PrcibablY for all time, every man, woman, and child who has to, cross the canal, between Appleton, Lumb Brook, Stockton Heath, and Wash-lane will—if they do not happen to use a carriage—have to go a quarter of a mae out of their way, and climb, in all sorts of weather, "a steep incline" of 50 feet above the ordinary level. The hardship of this will be apparent when we state that the foot-bridge at Wilderspool Cross-

ing is 18 feet above the level of the street, while the high-level bridge at Latchford will be 60 feet above the level of Acker's-lane. We have said sufficient to show that, in order to save the pockets O f the Ship Canal Company, air act of gross injus- tice is being perpetrated. Latchford is. growing, alnl the day may not be far distant when the ,CevPeration of Warrington will perceive their folly 'II not keeping hold of a road across the canal be- tween Latchford Station and Stockton Heath. The new Bill has not yet passed, but it is too late, Iva fear, to do more than protest against private souls being craftily served whilst public interests are recklessly sacrificed.

"TOUCH WAND GO."

1, An election is never won until it is lost, as the Orios of Barrow know to their sorrow. They Tade cock-sure of winning in the three-cornered ; and Mr. Caine was confident of victory from st to last. The odd thing is that Mr. Duncan, odd man out, is now the odd man in.

a The election is, as Mr. Caine said it would be, eYe-opener ; but the eye-opening is scarcely of ~e kind that the ex-member for Barrow expected. Ivever it is due to him to say that he has taken 418ckmg like a man; he &ken% cry over it—he e 4113 for three cheers for Duncan.

The Government, if they have a glimmering of , Be left, must feel bad when they look at the !,-.Vires of the Barrow election. Mr. Duncan, the 11,1 t ral candidate, is at the head of the poll with Votes • but to these should be added the irof . 9 ':€3B given for Mr. Caine (1,280), for Mr. Caine TesLglied as a I protest against the Government. his gins a total of 8,275, as compared with 1,862 IPes for the Government; that is to say, the vinisterialists are in a minority of 1,409. This 111 do; it looks well for the General Election.

orrnith is not the only name that suggests its st'gin. The Mayor of Barrow bears the name of trcingitharm originally writtlan, doubtless, qt"g-i'th'-arm. Besses-o'-th.-Barn is the name .r 4 Lancashire village not far from Manchester, ZQlch is celebrated for its splendid band. The at achievement is the carrying off of the first Zlze in the grand national contest, at the Edin- rfih Exhibition. Well done, Besses-o'th-Barn !

It is stated that the United States Government 131orers, who are surveying the frontier district ~,,Iween Alaska and British America, have dis- ,Vored a station of the Hudson Bay Company tcl;nated- tvienty miles wit m hin United States ter- hei;Y• Twenty miles would seem to be "neither f e nor there" when we get so far west and so / north. There is still elbow room in some parts ' ''' the world.

I

-- f.,,The medical man in charge of Jacques—the French ting man, who is now endeavouring at West- ___ster Aquarium to outrival Succi, reports an ,sordinary incident, Jacques, although forty-ono itelars of age, having increased in stature by nearly re,e-quarters of an inch since he ceased taking aCOCI. If Mr. Barnum were in London, we should Pect that he knew something of the origin of „La singular report. Can it be that the Aquarium r'Ple are imitating his methods of advertis- ?

Voung Southport fisherman, aged eighteen, • ls drowned at the mouth of the Ribble, on Mon- a 37 evening, through the upsetting of a boat He • 1.1(1 not swim, but his companions, who could Inwirn saved their lives. It is astonishing that so h anY people seek a living in "deep waters" who aVe not first learned to swim. When the Legisla- nre has time to deal with minor matters, something ii Perhaps be done to protect people of this class Nalrist themselves.

h Alt W. Crawford, M.P., secretary of the Dur- -21.11 Miners' Association, may be said to have died 'harness on his back. He was present at a omit committee ari meeting of miners, on Monday; Ns,d . hen he left he said he must go, for he was t41,11.g. He spoke the literal truth i for death over- t k him at six o'clock next morning. Mr. Craw- Was held in high esteem by the Durham for he had filled the office of secretary to 1,4° Union for 27 years. His majority as a Liberal es so large in the election of 1885 that Tories and .Iberal Unionists left him alone in 1886; he had • %Ilk over.

210 other verdict than that of "Death from mis- -nme nture " could justly be recorded in connection tilt% the fatal railway accident which took pJace,on light of the 20th June,betweenEarlestown and rington. The signalman made a mistake, a ,741sion was the result, one person killed, and ;era' injured, and yet blame cannot be said to tt'ach to the signalman. It was an oversight—a oversight—on the part of one of the most ;Ireful of railway servants, and the fatality is IvllOther illustration of the fact that the lives of rail- -443' servants and of the public, are necessarily Dendeat on the unfailing sureness and regularity SigVinlen.

• mg that the accident took place immediately IV Sankey, the signalman, had received special Netions in view of the Royal train passing, it As!' Matter of course to reflect that thought of the 1;17 aordinary duty put the ordinary duty for the trient out of his mind. These special precautions trc"be safety and quick conduct of the Royal iltl.ltre evidently deemed necessary, but it is a ord","s"on whether, interfering as they do with the arY mode of working, they do not add to the th,,-6" of collision rather than take from it. Had ha; ttecident happened to the Royal train, it would th e been felt that special precautions were worse Itla useless.

loWel/Ihmen, like Scotchmen, are to be commended rekthtieir persistency and earnestness in all matters 4Lllg to education. At a meeting, on Tuesday, ou,",e sub-committee of the conference of the •f0ic,.:41, Wales Joint Education Committee, the :"I,l;w2xig resolution was carried unanimously Wal 46 the proportionate shares of the counties o ,1„.:33 and Monmouth in the duties raised for IPurposes under the Budget Act now unappro- W"tl should be applicable for the purpose of the slab T -aitermediate Education Act.' The Scotch ve Jott Free Education in the lower standards, e. Welsh are pushing on with Intermediate Ataaation. When are the English going to move? (5 the "N the ,„,4 napping, or do they need educating on —tl y eation question? o e girls, now that they have made a start, are g"),g it!' It has leaked out that Miss Alford tiaa ?.°o,ut as much ahead of the best man in the aS Miss Fawcett was in the mathematical tll4-3' So much for Oxford and Cambridge, but thetia news from the University of London—" At caliVi• examination in classics, there were fifteen yOu, aiteS, eleven young gentlemen and . four the Twelve have passed, including all kiB•Y°ll.llg ladies. Then three of the young ladies, kars, Violet Selby, Miss Edith L. Johns, and Miss thi;dan gherratt, havetaken the first, second, arid the'of respectively. Nor is this all, for two lack: Yolmq men have had to consider themselves —arid alippy—in being bracketed with Miss

===== 0002601_18900705_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r 114

===== 0002601_18900705_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Mar'y Pearson in the fifth place." Bless the "sweet girl graduates I" They are answering in the most effective way the shaky arguments which have been used as to woman being intellectually inferior to man.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LOCAL NEWS. '

===== 0002601_18900705_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
OPEN_ AIR CONCERT AT RUNCORN.

_ I The Runco-in--Volunte-m:-.Band gave an excellent con- cert in Duke's Field, on Monday evening, their admirable perforthances being listened to by a large and apprecia- tive .audieuce.

THUNDERSTORY AT RUNCORN.

A thunderstarm of considerable violence, but of short duration occurred at Bunccrn, on Saturday morning. Fortunately no damage Was done. VISIT OF LIVERPOOL ONANGENEN TO. HALTON.

The members of the Orange Lodges of Liverpool intend to pay a visit to Halton Castle on the 14th inst., and Mr. Woolstoncroft, the landlord of the Castle Hotel, has ob- tained a licehse to sell intoxicating liquors in the grounds attached to his house. tINIVERSITT EXTENSION LUCTITTLES AT IttINCORN.

The annual meeting 'of those interested in the Univer- sity Extension scheme in Runcorn, will be held in the Commissioners Board room, at the Town Hall, on Mon- day evening. Mr. S. Taylor will preside. Full particu- lars will be found in our advertising columns.

• SUDDEN DEATH AT RUNCORN. • An inquest was held at the Burial Board Office, Run- corn, on Tuesday, on the body of Godfrey Nutter, a boatman, who was found dead in his boat on Sunday. The evidence showed that the man had been ill for some time, and a verdict of" Natural causes "'was returned. Mr. Worsley, the coroner, was present. UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED on the premtses at J. & W. Dutton's, Sankey-st.—Adrt. WIDNES PARISH CHURCH. _ _

The annual sermons in aid ofthe National Schools were held on Sunday, at St. Mary's Parish Church and St. Paul's Church. At the former place the Rev. J. Wright Williams, vicar of Rainford, preached in the morning; and the Rev. Dr. Preston, M.A., vicar of Holy Trinity, Runcorn, in the evening. At St. Pauls' the preachers were the Rev. G. H. Garrett, vicar, and the Rev. J. Wright Williams. The various services were well attended, and a crowded congregation assembled to hear Mr. Williams in the evening. The offertories realised a satisfactory sum.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
_ FLOWER SERVICE AT RUNCORN.

The annual flower service in connection with Bethesda Congregational Chapel was held on Sunday last. The sacred edifice was appropriately decorated for the occa- sion with plants and flowers. In the morning the Rev. John Simpson, the pastor, preached a sermon entieed "The Garden of the Soul," and in the afternoon the choir and scholars rendered the serviceof song" Primrose Garth," the narrative being read by Mr. Simpson. 'The Rev. Mr. Cole, of Garston, occupied the pulpit in the evening, when a good congregation assembled. Collec- tions were taken in aid of the funds.

UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED on the premises at 3. & W. Dutton's, Sankey-st.—.Adet.

WIDNES SCHOOL BOARD.

The monthly meeting was held at the Town Hall, on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. T. Sutton Timmis pre- sided, and there were present the Rev. Father Clark, Dr. O'Keeffe, Messrs. H. Wade Deacon, B. Brown, S. Quinn, and G. H. Danby (clerk). The District Education Committee reported that during June there were 143 applications for school fees, which were recommended to be paid in 126 cases. 120 persons appeared before the Committee fcr contraven- tion of the Education Act,and 26 were prosecuted before the magistrates, 21 convicted, and 5 boys sent to the Truant School. The Finance Committee reported that the receipts for June amounted to £1,319 95., including £1,200 received from the overseers on account of pre- cept. Accounts amounting to £765 Is. Bd. were recom- mended for payment. The minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
A MERSEY MYSTERY AT WIDNES.

_ On Wednesday morning, at the Mersey Hotel, Widnes, Mr. W. T. Husband, the deputy coroner, held an inquest on the body of a man who was found in the Mersey at Hale Head, on Sunday.—John Lewis, of Hunter-st., Liverpool, identified the body as that of Mr. Lee, who had lodged at his house from the 27th April to the 16th May. He was a farmer from America, and arrived in England on the former date. The deceased was in low circumstances and had to leave the house of witness because he had no money. He said he expected some money from America, but none came. The deceased seemed very depressed in spirits and had used such expressions as "might as well be dead" and "might as well be drowned." . Witness believed the deceased was last seen alive on Sunday week on the Landing Stage at Liverpool bya Liverpool tobacconist named McDonnell. —Thomas Lomax, boatman, Widnes, deposed to findity, the body in the river„ and a verdict of "Found drowned" was returned. Lim BEDSTEADS 45; BEDDING.—Garland, 51, Bridge-fa., Warrington.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
" SCUTTLERS " AT RUNCORN.

Before Mr. James Handley and Mr. G. L. Wigg, at Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, Fred Johnson, a young man, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Duke-st., and also with assaulting P.C. Hulse, whilst in the execution of his duty. About a quarter past ten on Saturday night P.C. Hulse found the prisoner at the entrance to the Theatre Royal. He was without coat and hat, and was struggling with the door keeper. Hulse seized the defendant, who gave him a violent blow in the face, and then the defendant's friends knocked him to the ground and kicked and thumped him. The defendant bit the officer on the leg, causing *serious wound.—Mr. Superintendent Large said the •defendant was one of a gang of young men who went about molest- ing people, and in Salford they were called " Scuttlers." The defendant was fined ss. and costs for being drunk, and 10s. and costs for the assault, or 21 days' hard labour.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
A FRODSIIAM FELONY CASE.

At Cheshire Quarter Sessions, on Monday, Ellen Cooper, a respectable young woman, who had been admitted out on bail, surrendered upon an indictment charging her with having stolen a watch from a servant named Annie Atherton, at Frodsham, on the 11th April. Mr. Yates prosecuted. The prisoner was a friend of the prosecutrix, and on the evening of the day in question prosecutrix hung up her watch on a nail in the kitchen. Prisoner called upon her, and after a short stay went away. Prosecutnx missed the watch, and did not see the prisoner for a couple of days after, and when she accused her of stealing the watch she said if she could not get a watch without stealing she would not wear one.—Prisoner now admitted her guilt.—Mr. Austin, prisoner's late master, said she had been in his service for the last four years, during wnich time she had conducted herself properly. He was willing to take her back again. —Prisoner was discharged, but was bound over in a surety of £lO to come up for judgment when called upon. UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED on the premises at J. & W. Dutton's, sankev-st.—Advt.

THE_ATTACS ON SHIP CANAL MEN AT FRODSHAM.

On Monday, at Cheshire Quarter -gessions, Thomas Birchwood (34,) labourer, Frodsham, was charged with being concerned with seven other men in ill- treating some of the men employed on the Ship Canal on the 19th March. Mr. E. H. Lloyd prosecuted, and said the facts of the case were well-known to the Bench, as four men who were engaged in the assault were dealt with at the last Sessions. They were sentenced to three months' imprisonment. Prisoner absconded, and as not arrested until a few days ago. Witnesses were callbd who proved that prisoner was one of the gang. Prisoner admitted being with the gang, and was sentenced to three months' imprisonment with hard labour.—Edward Booth (23), labourer, Frodsham, was charged with a similar offence'on the same day, and the prisoner, on the advice of his counsel, Mr. Malcolm Douglas, pleaded guilty to having" coinmitted a common assault. The Rev. • Edward Percy Alexander, Manley', gave the prisoner a good:character, and urged the Court not to make a gaol bird of him. The Court, taking into consideration some of the facts of the case, sentenced the prisoner to one month's hard labour. '

===== 0002601_18900705_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r •

===== 0002601_18900705_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEIt-SATURDAY,,JULYf 5, 1890

POLICE CHANGES AT RIINCOEIL

_ After being at Preston Brook for four years, P.C. Jack- son has been removed to Alderley Edge, where he will be Acting-Sergeant. P.C. Brew has been transferred from Runcorn to Preston Brook. . RUNCORN POLICE COURT.

At this Court on Thursday, William Powell was sen- tenced to seven days' hard Moth for begging. John ' Smith was charged with having stolen a pair of boots worth 25., the property of Abraham Clucas. The prisoner was discharged for want of evidence. Yester- day Alexander Malcolmson, of Park Gate, who presented a distressed appearance, was charged withhaving,on the previous day,attempted to defraud the London and North- Western Railway Company. At noon he was found in a North Wales train at Runcorn, having in his possession a ticket from Liverpool to Edge Hill. As the prisoner had been convicted for a similar offence, and was "wanted" on other charges he was remanded. s

£1,079 19s. or in round numbers £3,000 less. The Author- ity had not had any notii;efrom Warrington Corporation of their proposal in any shape or form, nor was their any mention in the Bill of the Authority or its sewers, nor were the sewers shown upon the plan. He had written to his parliamentary agents in London asking in what position the Bill was in Parliament, and he had received the following reply :—" We are in receipt of your letter. This BiU stands referred to the Police and sanitary Committee of the House of Commons, and is the last in the group, and we cannot say when it will be reached. It is too late to petition in the first House, and we cannot yet say when petitions will be due in the Lords." The Clerk suggested that he should lay the simple facts of the case before his Parliamentary agents and ask them *hat course they should pursue. As the Corporation had not given them any notice, he did not think they were out of the Contnons.—The Chairman: We don't intend to sit down quietly andlet them take a por- tion of the township.—Mr.Aaron: Certainly not.—Mr. Mc- Intyre moved that the Clerk beinstructed to communicate to his Parliamentary agents the circumstances of the case, and ask their advice.—Mr. Aaron seconded the proposi- tion, which was carried unanimously. THE POLLETION OF KEKENTICK BROOK. The Clerk reported that in accordance with instructions received, he had forwarded a copy of the resolution passed at the last meeting, and a copy of the thialysis of the water of Kekewick Brook to Mr. W. R. Earp,of Pres- ton Brook tannery, and he had received no reply.—Mr. Aaron contended that according to the resolution he pro- posed at the last meeting, the Clerk should have taken proceedings before this for the abatementof the nuisance. He asked was it right that the farmers should pay rent, rates, and taxes, for land, and not be able to turn their cattle upon it. He was certain that the brook was in a worse staCe now—and he had not seen it nor heard of it— than it was when the samples were taken. The old pits were filled up with refuse from the tannery, and this wet weather the sulphuretted hydrogen was sent into the brook, which would be worse to-morrow than it was to-day. The Clerk ought to havetaken more severe steps. —Mr. Whitlow said he could quite bear out what Mr. Aaron had said. He never saw the brook in a worse state than it had been during the past week.—Mr. Aaron: As long as,this wet weather continues,the water will wash the poison out of the pits and the brook will become worse every day. He considered that the Clerk ought to have taken more strong steps to have the nuisance remedied. —The Assistant Clerk said the Authority would have to obtain permission from the Local Government Board be- fore they could take proceedings.—Mr. Aaron moved that they apply to the Local Government Board for the neces- sary authority.—Mr. Hewitt seconded the proposition, which was carried unanimously.—Mr. W. Whitlow moved that the Inspector take two more samples of the water in the brook.—Mr. Aaron seconded, and remarked that they should be taken that afternoon.—Carried. This was the whole of the business.

RUNCORN AND THE CHESHIRE POLICE INQUIRY. A public meeting of the inhabitants of Runcorn, summoned by hand bills, was held in Bethesda Congregational School, on Friday night, for the pur- pose of taking into consideration the serious allega- tions made against the township ifs the case of O'Donnell v. the Chief Constable of Cheshire, at the inquiry now proceeding at Chester. There was a good audience, and Mr. J. J. Howett was voted to the chair. Amongst those present were Mews. W. Shaw (seamen's missionary), J. Jepson, T. Jones, A. Hough, H. Coward, S. Yarwood, P. Smith, W. Han- kinson, Jonathan Horstield, R. Abel, J. Abel, J. Davies, Dr. McDougall, R. Boyle, G. Torrie, E. Field, J. Rayner, Walton, W. Marsh, J. Knowles, Guest, J. W. Lightburn, J. Duttqn, L. Holmes, Watson, W. H. Chadwick, Ileatherington, W. Betney, l. unison, I. Stubbs. The Chairman said he had been in Runcorn nearly three years, and he had watched the habits of the people perhaps more closely than an older inhabitant; he had gone through the streets at almost all hours of the night; and he thought Runcorn compared very favourably indeed with other populous places. (Applause.) In fact, compared with some of the large cities that he had seen and lived in, Runcorn was a great deal better—at least to outward appearance—so far as regarded the drinking customs. He admired a public officer who did his duty, and he would be the first to clap a man on the back and say "go on," but there was a difference between a man doing his duty and poking his nose into other folks business, whereby he had continually got himself into hot water. This was what Inspector O'Donnell did with the people of Runcorn. There was no working-man,' either teetaller or moderate drinker, or drunkard, who liked the appearance of that man. They knew what sort of a name he went by—whether it was righteously deserved or not—and if they Imd asked for O'Donnell probably no one would have known him. He thought O'Donnell would have acted vrisaly if he had defended himself, and not have given utterance to so many of his bad impressions of the people of Runcorn. He had said , they were drunken. He (the Chairman) had refrained from taking strong drink for as many years as O'Donnell was old, and he could tell when a man was drunk as well as O'Donnell, and he could can- didly say that generally the people of Runcorn were sober. Unfortunately there were drunkards in Run- corn, same as there were anywhere else, but It would be an everlasting disgrace to the ministers of religion if Runcsrn was such a disreputable small town as described, after they had spent so many years in trying to reclaim the wicked. O'Donnell had also said the town was in a 'very immoral state. and that there were a great many brothels. Ile did not know of his per- sonal knowledge that there was one ; but from careful inquiry that there were very few of that class of women in Runcorn. If O'Dohnell knew there were brothels in Runcorn it was his pkrticular business to deal with them 11 and if he had not done that. he had failed in his duty. (Applause). He moved "That this meeting emphatic- ally protests against the aspersions cast upon the inhab- itants of the township of Runcorn at the inquiry now proceeding in the ease of O'Donnell venue the Chief Constable of Cheshire, and they deeply regret that the following statements by O'Donnell were received by the 1 same Committee. The town was in a very immoral state and there were a great many brothels. Also this meeting solemnly protests against the allegations of excessive drunkenness in the town and most strongly denies that this statement is true, and this meeting deeply regrets that this statement was received by the Committee unchallenged." (Applause).—Dr. McDougall seconded the resolution, which he said he did not think was sufficiently strong. He felt sure that the working classes of Runcorn would resent in the strongest man- ner the allegations made With reference to them. He had a personal acquaintance of 22 years with Runcorn, and he never observed that the working classes or people of any description were otherwise than well . behaved, and would compare very favourably indeed in other communities. (Applause.) There were 3,000 or more workingmen connected with the secret orders of the town, making provision for a rainy day, for themselves and their families ; and out of the 660 owners' of pro- perty in the township, 300 were artisans ljvjn hi their own /loves. (Applause.) In the Trustee Saving.l4trik and thd 'Post Office Savings Bank there was no Pas a sum than £48,000 invested to the credit of the working classes. (Applause.) While in one building society in the town over £20,000 was invested by the industrial classes. flow inconsistent were these facts with the state- ments of O'Donnell. In regard to the alleged drunken- ness and profligacy, Dr. McDougall quoted the following statistics. In 1885, 11 publicans and beersellers were prosecuted and seven convicted; two prostitutes were prosecuted and convicted. In 1886, 7 publicans pro- secuted, 5 convicted, 4 prostitutes convicted, and one brothel keeper convicted. In 1887 there were 11 publi- cans prosecuted and 7 convicted ; 4 brothel keepers were prosecuted and convicted ; and 5 prostitutes were pro- secuted and 4 convicted. In 1888, On May of which year Inspector O'Donnell entered into Runcorn-) there were 13 publicans prosecuted and 10 convicted; 3 brothel keepers were prosecuted and convicted ; and 16 prosti- tutes were prosecuted and 15 convicted. In 1889 there were 21 publicans prosecuted and 7 convicted— (laughter and applause)-4 brothel keepers were prosecuted and 3 convicted ; while 21 prostitutes were prosecuted and 16 convicted. Dr. Mc- Dougall contended that the figures refuted in the most unmistakable manner, the allegations that had been levelled against the township. (Applause.) As to the drunkenness there had always been a large floating population in connection with the docks ; and since 1888 there had been a large migratory population introduced into the town who had swelled the ranks of those prosecuted for drunkenness. At the present time there were about 1,000 added to the resident population of the township. In 1886, there were 156 persons pro- secuted for drunkenness; lBB7, 175; 1888, 344 ; 1889, 528. In comparing those figures they must have regard to the character of the people they had to deal with in addition to the population, and he contended that the statement that the people a Runcorn were drunken had not been made out. The people as a rule were more sober than they could find in any own of its size in the kingdom. (Applause.) As to brothels, he took credit to himself of having drawn the attention of the Local Authority to the powers conferred upon individuals by the Criminal Law Amendment Act, therefore the state- ment by Inspector O'Donnell that this question was neglected until he came was absolutely untrue. He drew attention to the large number of sailors and boat people who came to the port, and said surely they would not visit en the heads of the resi- dent population all the offences of the floating popula- tion. (Hear, hear.) He did not think, however, that the putlic would attach much importance to state- ments that were not being made on oath, and he commented strongly upon the large amount of money I an inquiry of this description was costing the ratepayers. —Mr. James Cashm, an ex-police Constable, said that meeting was entirely out of place. (Hear, hear.) They were attempting to take the case out of the hands of the County Council—(No)—and he appealed to those present to give Inspector O'Donnell fair play. He had served in the force and knew the tyranny that had been used, and he considered that this was the best inquiry ever held by any public body. (Applause.) He moved that the meet- ing be postponed until the trial was decided. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. William Betnev seconded.—Mr. Jepson pro- tested against the attempt by O'Donnell to degrade their

town, and he said it was nothing but over officiousness 'that brought him into the position he now occupied. (Applause.) Six only voted for the amendment, and the Chairman declared the resolution carried by an over- whelming majority. (A Voice; Of publicans and sinners, laughter.) Mr. .Jepson then moved "That this meeting is of opinion that the money spent on this inquiry by the Cheshire County Council is absolutely a waste of public money, and wholly unjust, and that a copy of both reso- lutions be forwarded to Sir Horatio Lloyd,chairmati of the Committee of Inquiry."—Mr. S. Yarwood seconded.— Mr. Cashin proposed an amendment that a vote of thanks be given to the County Council for the honest and straightforward way in which they had done their duty. —Mr. Fletcher seconded the amendment, which was de- feated by a large majority.—A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the proceedings.

RUNCORN BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS. The monthly meting was held at the Town Hall on Thursday. Mr. S. Taylor presided, and there were present Messrs. Meadowcroft, Fisher, Wiswall, Hankinson, Pritchard, Lightburn, White, Mellor, Morris, Wass, F. A. Lake (law clerk), E. Marshall (secretary), and M. Barker (surveyor). HEALTH OF THE TOWN. The Medical Officer of Health (Dr. MacDougall), re- ported that the ntnnber of deaths registered during June amounted to 28. • Of these one was an inquest case, and of the remaining deaths, 6 were due to convulsions, 3 each to phthisis, bronchitis, heart disease, premature birth, natural decay, 2 to mesenteric disease, 2 to inflam- mation of the lungs and one each to kidney disease and diarrhoea. The 28 deaths showed an average death-rate of 18.6 per thousand per annum. There had been Several cases of scarlet fever during the past month, but they had been of a mild type.—The Surveyor remarked that in the corresponding month last year there were 35 deaths.

HIGHWAY MATTERS. The Highway and Buildings Committee recommended that the sum of £1 3s. 6d. (including doctor's fee of 3s. 6d.) be paid to Mary Chesters, in discharge of her i claim n respebt of the injury to her scn, through defec- tive grid in Nelsen-st. That counsel's opinion be taken with regard to theliability for the making, sewering, and maintaining of Norman-road, and the railway bridge in Greenway-road.—The minutes were passed on the pro- position of Mr. Fisher. FINANCE, Szc. The Finance Committee reported that the receipts for the month amounted to £5ll 16s. 7d. ; and they recom- mended the payment of accounts amounting to £619 123. I on general fund, and £35 16s. 9d. on loan account. There was a balance of £1,718 6s. 7d. to be col- lected on the General District Rate. It was re- commended that the tender of Messrs. C. Dag- nail and Co., Cannon-street, London, for the loan ,of £3 000 at 3i per cent., for a period of seven years, be accepted • £lOOO to be provided on the searing of the mortgage deed , £lOOO three months after sealing and £lOOO six months after sealing. The commission of one per cent. on the amount of such loan, to include the lenders' law costs, stamp duty of 2s. 6d. per cent., and all charges, to be paid to the said Company. It was furthers recommended that the sum of £1 12i incurred In the painting and varnishing of certain portions of the overseers' office, and the whitening of the ceilings of the Schcol Bcard room and clerk's office be done for the sum of £2 2s. That a fresh registrar of owners and proxies be prepared by the assistant overseer at a fee of three guineas. The Committee reported that they had con sidered the minutes of the Library Committee requesting that a new approach to the library and reading-room be made from Waterloo-road to the side door facing the lawn, and recommended that no action be taken in the matter at present. —The minutes were passed on the motion of Mr. Pritchard.

WHO IS AFRAID? Mr. Pritchard moved that it be an instruction to the secretary to furnish a return of the attendances of mem- bers at the various Board meetings and Committee meetings during the year, he laid before the Board at the meeting held in August of each year. He thought It would be an advantage to the ratepayers to learn how their representative had attended to the duties they had undertaken to perform.—Mr. Lightbum pointed out 1 that some members were on more committees than others, and he considered that the only fair way was to give the percentage of attendance.—Mr. Mellor sug- gested that the matter should be left over for 12 months, as he thought it would be unfair to take the members on the hop in this way. He was not afraid that his average attendance would be detrimental to his char- acter in any way.—The Chairman: I come out this year but lam not afraid. (laughter.) lam sorry for those members who are afraid to answer to the public 1 for the duties which they agreed to perform.—Mr. Meedoweroft pointed out that according to the Stand - I lug Orders the motion could not be dealt with, becatite the necessary notice had not been given; but it was LI understood that the Secretary would prepare the list. and submit it at the neNt meeting.

A HORSE AMBULANCE FOR WIDNES. The necessity of having a horse ambulance in which to convey the maimed to the Accident ?los- pita!, and the sick to the Disease Hospital, in Widnes has been felt for a considerable period, and a few weeks ago a number of tradesmen and mem- bers of the public force formed themselves into a committee to devise some means of attaining the desired end. Eventually a cricket match between the tradesmen and police was arranged, and the price of admission being fixed at a low figure, the tickets were disposed of with gratifying rapidity, and when the accounts are made up, it is expected that upwards of £BO of the £lOO required will have been obtained. The match was fixed for Thursday and the weather fortun- ately being fine, there was a large assemblage of specta- tors, who witnessed an interesting game. Although defeated, the police made a good fight ag,ainst their more practiced opponents, and it is quite on the cards that Wolfenden would have had he honour of being the high- est scorer at the match, had he not been struck on the bead by a ball, wbi.;ll placed t„'crii 4s egliaMt for. some time, and he succumbed to the first ball he receiveu on his recovery. Mr. C. Neil, pawnbroker, offered a rite of a gold pendant to the highest scorer in the match, which was secured by Carroll, of the tradesmen. For the best scores in the policemen's eleven there were offered a gold signet ring, given:by Mrs. Jameson, pawn- broker ; a set of gold solitaires, given by Mr. Pownall, watchmaker ; and a pair of fancy slippers (to measure) given by Mr. Hicks. bootmaker. Wolfenden won the ri9g ; but there are three scores equal for the remaining prizes and a method will have to be devised for award- ing them. The full scores are as follows :

TRADESMEN. ' I ' POLICE. T Laws cßobinson bWilcox 10IP S Strickland b B Brookes 0 I T Walton b. Wilcox 1 P C Robinson run out A Pletcher b Wolfenden ... 15 P C Davidson b B Brookes 2 J Carroll c Almond lii Hol- P C Holbrook c Laws b ! brook B Brookes b Wilcox T Smith b Davidson , 8P C Worsfield b D Brookes 3 H G Powell b Wilcox ..... 14 PC Wolfenden b B Brookes 13 WJ Brookes c Wolfenden b P C Ratcliffe run out Davidson 0 P C Lord c Carroll b B T Singleton c Lord b Wilcox 2 Brookes 0 D Percival b Wilcox ' 0p c Almond c Carroll b g P Mitchell not out P S McGregor not out 0 Extras 5 Extras Total 77 Total . , 43

===== 0002601_18900705_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD,

The monthly meeting was'beld in the Town Hall, on Tuesday evening. Mr. J. Pritchard presided, and there were present the Itev. Dr. Gastaldi, Dr. McDougall. Mr. A. Salkeld, M. S. Taylor, and Mr. 11. Moss (clerk). It was reported that the certified Government accom- modation, was 3,287; total number on the rolls, 3,397; total average attendance, 28866; percentage of atten- dances, 85. During the month 50 parents have appeared before the School Attendance Committee, and the officers , have served 492 warning notices for irregular atten- dance.—Dr. McDougall drew attention to several flag- rant cases of disobedience of the law amongst the list of defaulters—parents who were not sending their children to school • and asked for informatian why these persons had not been summoned before the magistrates.—Dr. Gastaldi, chairman of the Committee,said it was thought under the circumstances, that admonition would lead to better effects than compulsion in these cases, as the parents promised to send their children in future. —Mr. Taylor said he failed to see any necessity for a vote of censure on the Committee for the duties they had performed during the past month, as they had a better average than in June last year. If Dr. MacDougall, was anxious to see those people taken to the Town Halkas criminals, he was not, and he di t not intend to be a party to it because he thought they could do more in various other ways than summoning the parents.—Dr. MacDougall repelled the insinuation that he delighted in punishing the parents unnecessarily. Mr. Taylor had used his name in an unwarrantable manner, as he had a perfect right to make any inquiry he thought fit on this subject, but he was not going to follow Mr. Taylor's example and indulge in sentimental talk. He presumed the remark as to wholesale summons was a censure on the preceding Board, which no doubt had not the experience of Mr. Taylor, but they adopted such methods as appeared to them best, and he was sure that Mr. Pritchard would not be a party to the wholesale issuing of summonses. They were there to administer an Act of Parliament, and it was the duty of,the Com- mittee to deal with the matter not from a sentimental but a practical and technical point of view.—Dr. Gastaldi asked whether Dr. MacDougall condemned or approved of the work of the Committee during the past month.—Dr. MacDougall said he did neither.—Dr. Gastaldi said he must do one thing or another.—Mr. Taylor spoke of the difficulty of dealing with boat children, of which they had a large number in Runcorn,and it was a wonder to him that the per centage of attendance was so good.—The Clerk said the cases mentioned by Dr. MacDougall had been ordered to be summoned if the attendance was not better.—The Chairman pointed out that the Committee had only been in existence a month, and it was too early to judge of the results of the methods the Committee had adopted.—Dr. MacDougall • * agreed, but added that he should not relinquish his right to criticise.—Mr. Salkeld said it ought not to go forth to the public that the Board did not intend to summon people if they did not send their children to school.,--Dr. "Gastaldi said it was never entertained by the Committee for one moment that no parents should be summoned in future. He should always be in favour of extreme measures when required.—Mr. Taylor said the results showed there was more encouragement to adopt the course of the Committee during the past month, than to summon people.—Dr. MacDougall: You cannot take credit for the result that has taken place.—The Chair- man : It will be shown in next report.—Mr. taylor And I think it would have been better to have left the vote of censure until later.—Dr. MacDougall There is no vote of censure. There is criticism, and we have every right to criticise.—The discussion then ceased. PROPOSED SCIENCE AND ART CLASSES, &C. I . .

The School Management Committee reported that they I had taken into consideration the question of establishing I Science and Art Classes and a Continuation Evening School under the provisions of the Technical Instruction Act, 1889, and the Revised Code pf the year, and it the opinion of the Committee that the Board should offer to the public the advantages of the legislation "referred to, having due regard to the requirements of the dis- trict. The Committee suggest the establishment ot an Elementary Evening School at the Greenway-road Board School. This would afford an opportunity for scholars who have not attained a high standard in the day,schools to continue their education, and those scholars who have passed the sth standard could either proceed to the 6th or 7th standards, or confine themselves to specific sub- jects such as algebra, euclid, French, chemistry, book- keeping, shorthand, Etc. The Committee also suggest the establishment of an Art Class, as it is probable that such a class would be useful to elementary school teachers, now that drawing is a compulsory subject for boys. It was further suggested that the Clerk be authorised to 'advertise these educational facilities, ar4 to ascertain in the best way he can in what branches of instruction it was likely that classes can be formed, as a guide to the Board in the engagement of duly qualified teachers.— The minute was referred back on the motion of Dr. MacDougall, seconded by Dr. Gastaldi.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS,

The fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. Colonel Ashton presided, and there were also present the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. Speakman, Taylor, Lewis, J. Whitlow, Hewitt, Parr, Brandreth, Whitlow, Phillips, H. Linaker (clerk)ll. G. Linaker (assistant clerk).

===== 0002601_18900705_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COUNTY COUNCIL ,CALL.

_ The Assistant-Clerk said the Clerk to the County Council required a cheque for £2,552 3s. id. the call for the half year. The rate was made up as follows: County rate £1,385 ss. 9d.,constahulary £3443, constabu- lary, Inca! expenditure, £B2O Us. 11d. The call was £2Bl 3s. id. more than the Board had estimated for; and £3lB es. 11d, over the call for the corresponding period last year.—Mr. W. Whitlow asked for the cause of this increase.—The Assistant-Clerk said -he did not know. The Council had got a stiff inquiry going on that was costing a lot of money.—Mr. Parr said the inquiry waS the laughing stock of the country.—Mr. Aaron: One thousand won't pay for it. The Council will want snore money next time.—A resolution empowering the clerk to pay the call was passed.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.,

On the recommendation of the Finance Committee accounts amounting to £743 Os. lid, were passed for pay- ment.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EFFECT OF A GOOD DINNER.

Mr. W. Whitlow gave notice that at the next meeting of the Board, he should move that the price of the din- ners provided in the House for the Guardians be raised from is. to 2s. each. He attended the Board a fortnight i ago, and the dinner that was laid before him was sump- tuous. He made a memorandum of what the cost would be and he found that there was a loss of 14s. on the dinner (laughter).—He had the memorandum and he would read it.—The Chairman: Hadn't you better give it next Board day.—Mr. Taylor: Let him give it now —Mr. Brandreth said the price of the meat was less than that paid by Mr. Whitlow for his own use. Mr. Whitlow: SOM3 of the meat was supplied by me first hand.—Mr. Brandreth : That is not so.—Mr. Whitlow: I will read the menu. A forequarter of lamb 10s., a couple of fowls 58., vegetables 2s. fld., two puddings and a tart 35.; bread, cheese and beer, 2s. Bd. ; attendance, is. 6d.; total £1 4s. Bd. The amount received from the Guar- dians was 10s —he collected the money himself (laughter)—and there was therefore a loss of 14s. Bd. on the dinner or £l9 is. 4d. a year, if this was an average dinner.—Mr. Speakman: During all the time I have come to the Board I never knew such an exorbitant dinner. It was specially got for our friend's benefit when he came. (Laughter.)—Mr. Whitlow: I rather think there was some object in view with that dinner. (Laughter.) The nearest way to an Englishman's heart is through his stomach, and that was the very day the matron was applying for an increase of salary. (Laughter.) And from the very elabOrate and flatter- ing remarks we had on our matron round the table, I am sure that dinner had very great effect. (Hear, hear and laughter.) There was, no doubt, some meaning in that dinner. (Renewed laughter.)—Mr. Taylor: I am sorry that dinner had not a better effect upon Mr. Whitlow. He seemed to enjoy it im- mensely; I don't know that there was one who enjoyed his dinner so Much. (Laughter.) I hope next time he comes he will even enjoy his dinner better.—Mr. Whit- low: I did enjoy my dinner' but I could not go away without the cmsciousness that I had been eating the ratepayers' money. (Laughter.)—Mr. Taylor: He did did not pay 25., Mr. Chairman. (Loud laughter.)—The Chairman : Do you wish notice given to each Guardian of your resolution fe—Mr. Whitlow Yes, please, The Board then dealt with the relief business.

RUNCORN IarRAL SANITARY AMIORITY. The fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton Workhouse, on Tuesday. Air. J. AshtOn presided and there wore present Messrs. Mclntyre, Aaron, J. ,Baguley, J. W. Knowles, J. Whitlow, Brandreth, W. Whitlow, C.Phillips, Hewitt, Parr, I.l.Linaker (clerk), 11. G. Linaker (assistant clerk.) THE SHIP CANAL AND THE SEWEEAGE. The Clerk reported that since the last meeting he had had an interview with Mr. Wells, engineer to the Authority, and Mr. Leader Williams, engineer to the Ship Canal Company, with respect to the sewers and outfalls of the Authority on the line of the Ship Canal. The Clerk remarked that Mr. Williams met them fairly in every • way, and if the Authority obtained an agreement em- bodying what was then decided upon, the Authority could not be in a more satisfactory way.—ii report of Mr. Wells upon the subject was read and considered satisfactory.. Oh the proposition of Mr. Aaron, seconded by Mr. Mclntyre, it was resolved that an agreement based upon that report be drawn up. THE EXTENSION OF WAURINGTON BOROUGH. The Clerk reported that a special meeting was held on Friday for the purpose of considering the proposal of the Warrington Corporation tb include a portion of Appleton 'and Walton Inferior in the borough. He had since ascertained from the overseers that the rateable valua- ption of the houses, brewery, and other buildings was £2,908 9s. 7d. and this amount paid the full sewage rate of 2d. in the The rateable value of the land was £B5, which only paid 5 per cent of the valuation. The rate- able value of the portiOn proposed to be taken away was £25991 9s. 7d. leavitiwthe Tateable•valuo of the township

===== 0002601_18900705_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
A WOUNDING AFFRAY AT _RUNCORN.

_ At Cheshire Quarter Sessions, on Wednesday, Thomas O'Brien, 31, labourer, was charged with unlawfully and maliciously wounding john Hurley, of Canal-st., Run- corn, on May 29th. Mr. Colt-Williams prosecuted. The parties were in the Barley Mow public-house, in the even- in. when the prisoner took up a bottle, struck Hurley f" with it across the forehead, and, inflicted wounds that necessitated his going to Dr. Clifford, who attended to I the injuries There were five wounds, one of which was a quarter of an inch deep.' None of them he considered daugerous. Mr. McWilliams, the landlord of the inn said that the conversation in which Hurley and a friend were engaged might have offended O'Brien.—The Chair- man: What was the subject under discussion ?—Wit- ness :‘ They were conversing about Darwin's theory. (Laughter.)—The Chairman,: Did he think he was the missing link? (Renewed laughter.)—WitKss : He might think he'was like a monkey. (Roars of laughter.) When apprehended the prisoner said prosecutor struck him with a glass, and what he did was in self-defence. The jury recorded a: verdict of guilty, but recommended the prisoner to the clemency of the court. 'the Chairman said O'Brien had already undergone five weeks' imprison- ment, and therefore they would give him one more day, which meant that he could go at once.

THE NEW RECTOR op WINWICK. The late Vicar of Huyton, now Rector of Win- wick, was presented on Thursday night by the parishioners of Huyton Quarry. at their mission room, with a handsome study chair and stool of oak, upholstered in plush. The gift was feelingly acknowledged by Canon Penrhyn, who is to preach his farewell sermons on Sunday prior to his removal to Winwick.

EMIGRATION.—Intending emigrants to New York, Boston Philadelphia, San Francisco, Canada, China, Japan, Aus- tralia, or New Z-aland, should take tigketa (lowest rates) at the" Examiner" Office, by Cunard, GuivA, American, and other lines.— John Walker, agent, " Examiner Office, Bewsev-st.. Warrington.—Advt.

A NOTORIOI7B ST. HRI.RNBTRzo. At the St. Helens Town Hall, on Monday, before the Mayor (Alderman C. J. Bishop), and other mag- istrates, Bridget Kildare was chargedwith drunken- ness. It was her 181st appearance, and she was lined 10s. and costs. Elizabeth Tither was charged with a similar offence apd she was fined a like amount. It was Elizabeth's 147th conviction. James Crosby, who appeared in court for the 91st time, was also lined 10s. and costs for drunken- ness. . . _

UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED on the premises at J. &. W. Dutton's, Sankey-st.—Adot.

ACCIDENT ON THE SHIP CANAL. On Monday a young man named IVilliam Lovatt, 25 years of age, was admitted into the Ship Canal Hospital at Latchford, suffering from injuries he had sustained wlailst following his occupation near Runcorn, the same day. It appears that whilst in the act of coupling some wagons he /was knocked down, and one of the trucks rolled across his legs, the result being that one of them was very badly broken and the other seriously cut.

THE SHIP CANAL AND TER CORN TRADE. A party of gentlemen interested in the corn trade 'visited the Manchester Ship Canal. on Wednesday, by invitation, and were conducted over the works by Mr. Marshall Stevens and Mr. J. K. Bythell (chairman of the Finance Committee of the Board of Directors), as representing the Company. The party travelled by ordinary train to Liverpool and crossed the Mersey to Eastham, where an inspection was first made of the locks and other works in pro- gres. From that point a journey was made along the course of the Canal to Manchester by the con- tractors' railway, refreshments being served en route. GARDEN TOOLS.—J. S. Garland, Ironmonger, Warrlagton Earlestown.

Tn LIVBDPOOD AND MA.NCHESTED MAIL DRIVER

• FINED. At the Prescot Petty Sessions, on Tuesday, Win. Allen Citrtledge, described as a driver, of Liverpool, was charged with being drunk in charge of three horses and a mail coach at Prescot, on Saturday night. Police Constable Beckett deposed that the prisoner arrived at Prescot about eleven o'clock on Saturday night, and he was the driver of the Man- chester and Liverpool mail coach. Witness drew the attention of the Prescot stableman to his condition and said he would be detained, and he (the stable- man) must go on with the mails. Prisoner refused to be detained, however, and again mounted his box. He drove off for about 100 yards and another con- stable then took hold c>f the horses heads. The prisoner, who acknowledged that he was a little worse for liquor, was fined ss. and costs. UsuniEmas RE-COvERED On the premises at S. it W. Dutton's, Sankey-st.—Advt.

TB ALLEGED ATTEMPTED IlifliDEß OP A STEP

FATERn. At the St. Helens Town Hall, on Monday, before the Mayor (Alderman C. J. Bishop) andiAlderman 3. Harrison,•Dennis James Woods, a young man re- siding in Nook-lane, Sutton, was brought up on re- mand,on a charge of attempting to murder his step- father, James Oates, with an axe, early on the 22nd ult. Chief Constable Wood stated that the prisoner was charged with attempting to murder his step- father by striking him two severe blows, one on each side of the head, with an axe. Immediately afterwards the priker went and gave himself up to Sergeant Brooks. The sergeantwent with him and found that Oates was suffering from two large wounds on the head, and the prisoner was locked up and brought before the magistrates on the pre- vious Monday, when he was remanded until that day. The injured man had been confined to the house ever since, and was speechless for six days. His speech had returned on Sunday, but he would not be able to appear for another week. Sergeant Brooks repeated his evidence, which was given in our last issue, after which the Bench stated that the prisoner would be remanded tor another week. —Prisoner: Can I have bail ?—The Mayor: Cer- tainly not. UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED on the premises at L & W. Dutton's, Sankey-Bt.—Advt.

WIIITECROSS COMPANY, LIMITED, V. CREDIT

LYONNAIS.

In the Queen's Bench Division, London, on Sabur- day, the Divisional Court, composed of Mr. Justice Denman, Mr. Justice Charles, and Mr. Justice Vaughan Williams, gave judgment in this appeal. Mr. Gully, Q.C., and Mr. B. Abrahams were the counsel for the Credit Lyonnais. The Whitecross Company were represented by Mr. H. T. Reid, and Mr. Hollams. The plaintiffs are manufacturers of iron and steel wire at Warrington; and they sued the Credit Lyonnais, the well-known bankers in Paris, who also have a branch at Madrid, to recover £1,446. The Whitecross Company entered into a contract, through their agents, Hamilton and Co., of Madrid, for the supply of a large quantity of tele- graph wire to the Spanish Government. They said they employed the defendants to get a transfer of the contract from the names of Hamilton and Co., to give the proper notice to the Spanish Govern- ment, and obtain payment either direct to the plain- tiffs or to themselves, on behalf of the plaintiffs. They complained that the defendants had not per- formed their duty, and the money had been paid to Hamilton and Co., and lost to the plaintiffs in con- sequence. The action was tried beforo Mr. Justice A. L. Smith and a special jury when the plaintiffs obtained a judgment for .2r,446.—T,heir lordships now gave judgment, dismissing the appeal with costs. ' TRAVELLING TRUNKS.—GarIand, Ironmonger, 51, Bridge. II at.. Warrington.

THE POPULAR BEVERAGE for Breakfast, Luncheon, Tea, and Supper in all seasons is CADBURY'S Cot-vs.—Comforting, strengthening, nourishing—for old and young, robust and feeble. CADBURY'S COCOA is absolutely pnre.—Advt. On Thursday, in the London Bankruptcy Court, the creditors of Thomas Quinn, M.P., for Kilkenny, and builder, of Islington, accepted a composition of three shillings in the pound. NEW SOUTH WALES Smisistrip Co.—With this month (July) an important and new departure has been inaugurated by the New North Wales Steamship Com- pany regarding seaside tickets, one which, no doubt,will be fully appreciated and largely availed of by visitors to and residents of Llandudno, Bangor, &c. Monthly, fortnightly, and even weekly season tickets are now to be issued available by the " St. Tudno " and " Paris " to and from Llandudno' Bangor, Beaumaris, and Menai Bridge at very low charges. A CARD.—A Clergyman will send, free of charge, a prescrip- don for a cure of all who surfer from nervous debility, physical exhaustion, and early decay. This great remedy was discovered by a Missionary in Old Mexico: it saved him from a miserable existence and an early grave. Send a self- addressed, stamped envelope to Rev. JOSEPH HOLMES, Bloomsbury Mansions, Bloomsbury Square, Loudon, W.c Mention this paper.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
; (1.f!"1-7' I

===== 0002601_18900705_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES PETTY SESSIONS.

THIMSDAY.—Before Mr. H. Wade Deacon and Mr. T. S

Timms.

DRUNK AND DISORDER-L.Y7:-For being drunk a fine of ss. and costs was imposed upon Joseph Harrison, Major Cross-st.; Owen Walsh, Grove-st.; and Sarah Connor, Sankey-sr. James Weir, Smith-st., was fined 10s. and costs. Margaret Walsh, Caroline-st., Mary Morrison, Church-st., and Eliza South, Jackson-st., were each charged with conunitting breaches of the peace, and were bound over to be of good behaviour for two months. _

Doe AT LARGE.—Wm. Henry, Hudson-st., was fined as. 61. and costs for permitting his dog to be at large, untnuzzled. PITCH AND Toss.—John O'Connor and John Power, youths, were summoned for playing pitch and toss, in Pear-st., on the 20th. O'Connor pleaded guilty and was fined is. and costs; Power, who did not appear, was fined 2.5. 6d. and costs. PAWNBROKER'S LICENSES were granted to Mary Imison, Waterloo-rd.; James Carroll, Widnes-rd.; and Wm. Geo. Leopold Houghton, Victoria-rd. ALEXANDRA THEATRE.—On the application of Mr. Jas. Kiddie, the Bench fixed a special session of the justices for the 24th inst., to grant a license for the Alexandra Theatre. ASSAULT.—Catherine Harper, of Wellington-St., was summoned for assaulting Margaret Tobin, and a fine of as. 6d. and costs was inflicted. UNJUST SCALES AND WEIGHTS.—ISaaC Houghton, farmer, Cronton, was summoned under two informa- tions laid by Mr. Johnstone, inspector of weights .and measures, with having in his possession for use.a pair of scales, which were unjust and nine weights which were light. He was fined 10s. and costs in each case. THE PUBLICAN AND HIS CUSTOMER.—Thcmas Gerrard, landlord of the Alexandra Hotel, was summoned for hav- ing, on the 19th June, committed a breath of the peace in Victoria-road by fighting with a man named William Fyldes.—The evidence given last week was repeated, and the defendant stated that Fyldes had used rude langu- age to him, and he had refused to allow him in the hotel, whereupon Fyldes struck him on the face and he returned the blow. Evidence was called to show that Fyldes was a quarrelsome man.—Mr. Deacon said no doubt Gerrard had received provocation, but he ought to have prose- cuted Fyldes instead of taking the law into his own hand and he would b. bound over to keep the peace for three months, himself in 52.10 and one surety of £5.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN_PETTY SESSIONS:

MONDAY—Before Mr. James Handley and Mr. G. L. DRUNKENNESA.—For this offence a fine of ss. and costs was imposed upon Peter Connell; of 2s. ed. and costs upon Thomas Sparks, William Atherton,and James Abernethy ; and 10s. and costs upon William Millington,

who had been ejected from the Farley Mow, and then smashed a pane of glass worth £2. Doos AT LARGE.—John Allen and Thomas Smiddie were each fined 6d. and costs 9s. 6d., for allowing their dogs to be at large unmuzzled. A case against John Crank was dismissed. , FOOTPATH OBSTRI7CTION.—SAHMeI SHeISOH, a youth, pleaded guilty to having, on Sunday, the 15th June, ob- structed the footpath in Greenway-road, and he was cautioned and ordered to pay the costs, 45. 6d. WHOSE IS IT ?—James Jolley, of Mason-street, was summoned that on the 26th June he unlawfully com- mitted damage upon certain real property of William Jolley, of Mason-street, by wilfully knocking down a wall; doing damage to the amount of 10s.—The defen- dant: This property belongs to me.—Mrs. Caroline Jolley put in an agreement which she alleged proved that the property belonged to her husband.—Mr. Bur- ton, solicitor, who appeared to defend, said this was a question of title,and therefore their worships had no jurisdiction. Proceedings would be taken in a civil courtih a few days to decide the question.—The Bench dismissed the summons._

AN UNHAPPY Pias —Martha Bate summoned her hus- band Abraham Bate, a boatman, for assaulting her. She I alleged that at Halton, on the 12th June, the defendant thrashed her most severely, and also kicked her on the side.—The defendant said he only pushed her, because she threw a pound and a half of butter in the canal.— The plaintiff said only a few days before he had thrown enough water on her to drown her, at Manchester.—The defendant contended that he had only sprinkled her.— The Chairman said there was no doubt the young couple were spending an unhappy life together. The:defendant was bound over to keep the peace for two months. ASSAULT ON A Wevcrowi.—Fanny Bothwell, ten years I age, was charged with having stolen three pieces of timber, value 6d., the property of the executors of the Ship Canal contractcr.—John Ingham, a watchman, deposed to seeing the girl throw three pieces of timber from near the site of the old Baths into Castle Rock-road. —The girl was discharged on promising not to offend again.—Alice Bothwell, the mother, was charged with assaulting Ingham.—The complainant said the defend- ant used much foul language to him and struck him OR rho face with a stone.—:The defendant denied the chage entirely, but she was fined is., and costs us. 6d.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESCOT BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the Prescot Board of Guar- dians was held at the Union Workhouse, Whiston, on Thursday afternoon. Major J. W. Wareing occupied the chair,there were also present Mr. F. Stapleton-Bretherton, J.P.' ex-officio; Rev. Dean Finegan, Messrs. W. Tyrer, C. B. Johnson, W. Middiehurst, J. Marsh, J. Burchall, J. Davies, J. Peover, W. Lowe, E. Syder, J. Goldsworth, J. Ranson, W. Aline. J. Kenwright,J. Birchall,J. Buckley, and S. H. Hartley (clerk.) GIFT OF ROC:MS.—The Master of the Workhouse I reported with thanks, the receipt of a quantity of books, periodicals and pictures,from Mrs. W. Tyrer, Woodleigh, Prescot, for the use of the inmates. RELIEF.—The Workhouse Master reported there were 476 inmates of the workhouse this week; 467 last week, and 471 in the corresponding week last year; 42 vagrants had been relieved during the week against 53 last year. THE Cognrriow OF IHRECILES.—The Local Govern- ment Board forwarded a copy of a report received by them from Mr. C. S. Bagot, one of the visiting Commis- sioners in Lunacy who had visited the Prescot Work- house on the 23rd ult. Mr. Ba.got wrote that he found 79 inmates, of whom 30 were males and 49 females, classed as lunatics, and he found their detention duly authorised. He was satisfied with the personal con- dition and the dress of the imbeciles of both sexes, and they seemed to be properly cared for. The accommoda- tion provided was adequate and comfortable. THE &PPLICATIONS FOR INCREASED SALARIES.—The minutes of the Finance Committee contained the follow- ing recommendation: That the applications from Miss Barton, organist, and Mr. E. Baxter, assistant overseer, be not entertained; and the further consideration of Mr. Kitchen's and Mr. Twist's, postponed for three months. THE MAINTENANCE OF PARENTS.—The Clerk read a copy of a petition from Paddington Union, in favour of the Maintenance of Destitute Parents Bill. He explained that the purport of the Bill was to enable destitute parents to take proceedings against their children who were able to contribute towards their support without first applying for parish relief .—The Board passed a resolution in sup- port of the measure, and the Clerk was instructed to send copies to local members of Parliament. THE FIRE BRIGADE.—Mr. Wm. Swift, clerk to the Huy- ton Local Board, wrote asking upon what terms and conditions the Union Fire Brigade would be permitted to attend any fire in the district. The Clerk was instructed to send a copy of the terms agreed upon by the Guar- dians in 1867. This was the principal business.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIINGS HgARI) ANL) SEEN

- - 13v AN ti occ „A.gfaii, •.:0111ABSPONDENT." Barrow has been the burden of every" cry in Runcorn during the past week; in ...44t bye-election for for years past has created so much ex- citement in local circles. Amongst Liberals desire placed Mr. Duncan at the head of the poll, judgment and calculation pointed out Mr. Wainwright as the victor, for as the day of battle approached it became apparent from Mr. Caine's utterances, that with all his bumptious display of confidence, he felt himself in desperate straits. Arrangements had been made to have the result of the election telegraphed to the Liberal Club which was thronged with members and friends, while a large crowd awaited the intelli- gence outside. When the news of the great and unexpected victory arrived a tremendous shout of jubilation was raised both inside and out. An enthusiastic follower of the G. 0. M., whilst riding home by train, hours before the poll was closed, penned the following lines which now appear are quite prophetical :--

To Damw Duncan went to win, Hurrah! Hurrah! Tho c,rV vote he made it spin, Hurrah! Hurrah ! The Tory's out, the Howe'er they cry, or make a So we all feel gay now Duncan's Gone marching in. A worthy son of a worthy sire, Hurrah ! Hurrah! No wonder that he raised their ire, Hurrah! Hurrah! A man of pluck, a man of fire, ' Fair square, all round, hub, spoke and tyre. So we all feel gay now Duncan's Gone marching in. Then here's a health to our Great Chief, Hurrah ! Hurrah! To-day will yield him much relief, Hurrah ! Hurrah ! The Tories it will fill with grief, And make their short life still more brief. So we all feel gay now Duncan's Gone marching in. Runcorn Board of Guardians, if not famed in song and story, was about ten years ago the subject of pantomine jokes in regard to a certain poor little pony, and the potatoes found in its manger, which some of the members of that day thought was feed- ing a brute with what was meant for the paupers. The feeding of the Guardians themselves is to come under review at the next meeting on a motion made by Mr. Whitlow to increase the price of the dinners supplied from Is. to 2s. Mr. ;Whitlow alleges that at present there is a loss on the " sumptuous" meal provided, ;int no doubt the master will better be able to answer that statement. However it is absolutely necessary that dinner should be pro- vided at a reasonable rate, as many of the members have to be away from home from ten o'clock until four and often later and there is not a public-house within a mile where they can get a decent " snack." Surely the Gurdians have not to starve whilst attending to the ratepayers' business.

PENKETII. SUNDAY _SCHOOL TEACHERS' TRIP.

On Saturday, the annual trip of the teachers in connection avith the Wesleyan Sunday School took place. It having been decided that the trip this year should go to the "Children's Home," Edg- worth, near Bolton, a party numbering 23 teachers and friends left Fiddler's Ferry at 9.2 and Warring- ton (Bank Quay) at 9.19 a.m., en route for Bolton, which place was reached about 10.45 a.m. As Edgworth is some eight miles distant from Bolton, arrangements had been made to drive there. At the" Children's Home," through the kindness of the governor, Mr. Mager, about two hours were spent in examining the different homes and in seeing the work which is being done by Dr. Stephenson among the orphan and forsaken children. At 3.45 an excel- lent tea was served by the friends in. connectinn , with the home. Various games were indulged .in during the afternoon, and despite the rain which fell at different times., a very enjoyable day was spent. At 5.30 p.m. the return drive was com- menced, and Bolton reached at .about 6.20.. At 7.25 p.m. the train left for Warrington, which was reached about 9.30 p.m. INQUEST AT Kanrixsonoier. On Tuesday afternoon Mr. S. Brighouse, coroner for South-west Lancashire, held an inquest at Martinscroft regarding the death of a railway pensioner named Hamblet Taylor, who was 84 years of age, and who lived at Martinscroft. On the 7th of June thedeceased was chasing some fowls, when he fell and , hurt his thigh and side. He was attended by Dr. Fox, but died on Sunday. The jury found that death resulted from injuries caused by the fall.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RECONCILED,

Ambrose Fotlea was before the Warrington magistrates on Wednesday, on a charge of having assaulted his wife. The offence happened last year, and Foden, who then absconded, had surrendered. His wife now told the magistrates that she had been living with him at Sheffield since Christmas, and he. had been very good to her from that time to ,the present. Under these circumstances the case was dismissed on payment of ss. costs. A Sr. HELENS MAN'S FIDE IN A HAND-CART. George Parr, a St. Helens glass worker, was brought , before the Warrington magistrates on Monday on a charge of drunkenness in St. Austen's-lane. Evidence was given that he was taken to tho Bridewell in a hand- cart, and Alderman Harrison remarked that he did not seem grateful to the officers for having taken care of him, and given him a ride for nettling. Prisoner : I do not know who brought me. It was his first appearance,and the Bench decided to dismiss him. THE SCAPEGRACE OF THE FAMILY.

At the Warrington Police Court, on Monday, Bernard Mannion, a youth, was charged with having assaulted his sister on the 21st ult. It was stated in evidence that prisoner, not being pleased with his dinner, threw it on the floor, which had just been cleaned. He then assaulted his sister, and in the evening began smashing some of the windows of the house. The Mayor told prisoner he should be ashamed of himself, and sent him to prison for a month, with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
AN APPLETON STABLEMAN'S COSTLY SPREE.

. _ Thomas Daley. a stableman from Appleton, had a spree on Tuesday evening, for which he was called upon to pay dearly next morning brthe Warrington magistrates. In addition to having to answer for drunkenness and disorderly conduct, there was a charge against him of having smashed a Otte-glass window at the Crown and Sceptre Inn, Buttermarket-at. For the first offence he was ordered to pay a fine of 10s. and costs, or go to prison for a fortnight, and in regard to the second charge the decision was that he should pay £3 as damages, or serve in prison for a month longer.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
AN INCORRIGIBLE GIRL..

.... The Warrington magistrates, for the second time within a week. on Monday had before them a young girl named Jane Waterworth, who is apparently of rather weak intellect. On Saturday morning she was arrested in Buttermarket-st., for being drunk and disorderly, that also being the offence with which she was charged on the previous Thursday. On the latter occasion she was excused on her promise to go to the Workhouse, but when a constable took her there she refused to redeem her promise. The magistrates, deeming her incorrigible, intimated that they felt they had no choice but to send her to prison for a fortnight, with hard labour.

ROBBING A NAVVY OF His _PURSE.

A Ship Canal navvy, named Joseph Starkey appeared at the Warrington Police Court, on Monday morning, to prefer a charge against a young woman of bad charac- ter, aamed Elizabeth Ellen Fleming, whom he accused of having stolen hispurse, whilst in the King's Arms Inn, Buttermarket-st., on Saturday evening. The purse con- tained a sixpenny piece. Complainant alleged thatwhen sitting in the house, prisoner picked his pocket of the purse, and he at once went out and informed Constable Bell of what had occurred. Prisoner at first denied hav- ing taken the purse, but afterwards she showed the con- stable where she had hidden it, and asked him not to make a case of it. When charged at the Police Station she replied, "I shall never have any luck in Warrington.' She was now sent to prison for a fortnight. ANY PORT IN A STORII.

Wm. Gallagher, of the labouring class made a conjec- ture on Saturday evening, the result of which proved that although he was drunk he still had some notion of what he was about. Having got more than was at alt convenient for him in the shape of liquor, cr, as he put it when before the magistrates on Monday, "having had a drop taken," he sagely came to the conclusion that if he would be safe anywhere it would be at the Bride- well. Thither he went, and though an officer told him he could go home and have a sleep, he persisted in i remaining n his refuge now that he had found it. He was kept safe until Monday, when he was charged. It happened to be his eleventh appearance, but as he was one of those who had "never yet been forgiven," the Bench let him off, as much to his surprise as his relief. AM UNFORTUNATE MAN WITH AN UNFORTUNATE NAME. The Warrington magistrates had before them on Monday a man named WilliamCaskey,the charge entered against him being that of drunkenness and disorderly conduct. He was drunk in Buttermarket-st., on Satur- day night, and refused to walk home. A constable pro- cured a cab for him, and prisoner paid the fare, but ultimately he refused to use the cab. As he was so hard to please, the constable locked him up. Prisoner said he just came into the town with a basket, a,nd got two or three glasses of drink. He had been "in" since Satur- day. He was an "awful man for misfortune," (Laughter.) Alderman Davies: You are unfortunate your naro e—" Cask "-ey. (Laughter.) Prisoner remarked that Alderman Harrison knew that he was a hard- working man, but that gentleman disclaimed any knowledge of him. A fine of 10s. and costs was imposed.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
A" PROPErt " MIZTY WOMAN.

At the Warrington Police Court, on Monday, James McKean was summoned for overcrowding his house. Inspector Norman said that 'defendant was summoned for keeping a house in Naylor-street in a dirty condition, but as soon as the summons arrived, he left the place and it was some time before he could be traced. He was at length found living with his wife and four child- ren in a house in James-street, which was adapted for only two persons. The wife was a" proper" dirty woman. Alderman Harrison : A " proper " dirty woman ? What do you mean by that ? I should call her an improperly dirty woman. Inspector Norman : I believe it is the proper term. (Laughter.) I don't think she washes her children from week's end to week's end. They are simply lost in dirt. Defendant did not appear, and the Bench made an order upon him to pay the costs.

A SERIES OF THEFTS BY A GIRL. On Thursday, at the Warrington Police Court, a girl named Ellen Aplin (10), daughter of a Ship Canal labour- er, living in Knutsford-road, was charged with having stOlen a number of articles from various places during the past few days. The mother of the girl was charged with having received some of the articles knowing them to have been stolen. It appeared that on Wednesday evening the girl was detected stealing a brush and a money box from the stall of Samuel Devonport, small- ware dealer, Market-place, and was afterwards taken into custody. On a search being made at her home, four pairs of shoes, and other articles, were found, and the younger prisoner now admitted having stolen them from the shop of James West, draper, Market-place ; J. Newman. boot and shoe dealer, Bridge-st. ; and the Staffordshire Boot and Shoe Company. Mrs. Aplin said that her daughter brought the things home, and said that she found them. The Chairman (Major Litton), said that they thought the mother greatly to blame, but in consideraaion of her young family they would only fine her 10s. and costs, and record a conviction. In the case of the girl a conviction was recorded. ALLEGED ASSAULT IN A PENIEETH PUBLIC-HOUSE. On Wednesday morning, at the Warrington County Petty Sessions, John Townley was summoned for having, on the 22nd ult., been disorderly on the premises of Eliza Worrall, the Red Lion Inn, Penketh, on being requested to leave ; and for having assaulted Thomas Williams, the barman. Another man named George Kenwright was also summoned for assaulting Williams, who, in his turn, was summoned for having assaulted Townley. The cases were taken together, Mr. P. Davies appearing for Williams, and Mr. A. Browne for Townley and Ken- wright. It was alleged by the barman Williams that on the night in question, a Sunday, Townley and Ken- wright were in the house. Townley made use of bad language' and refused to leave the house. Atterwards he struck Williams on the head and face, causing blood to flow. It was further alleged that Kenwright particip- ated in the assault by holding Williams while Townley struck him. Williams was rendered unconscious, and had to be medically attended for several days The defence was that Williams commenced a quarrel with Townley, that the two fought, and that all that Ken- wright did was to endeavour to separate the combatants. The barman, Mr. Browne alleged, was the one to give the first blow. The case occupied a long time in hearing, and at the conclusion the Bench fined Townley 10s. and costs for the assault on Williams, and dismissed all the other charges. --

A VIIRY MISERABLE MARRIED LIFE. At the Warrington Police Court, on Tuesday morning, a man named William Bibby, of 12, Appleton-st., was summoned for having used threats towards his wife on the 29th ult, and having assaulted her on the night of the previous Thursday. and on subssluent nights. There was a cross-summons charging the wife with having assaulted her husband. Mr. A. Browne, who appeared for Mrs. Bibby, gave her version of the matter, and drew a pitiable picture. Ile said that she was constantly subjected to ill-treatment at the hands of her husband, who refused to give her money for food or clothes. She earned some money on Walking Day week and because she would not give it to her husband he said that he would take her life, or have her earnings. The same night he burned and destroyed several articles of her attire, in order that she should not go out on walking Day. On the night of that day he used bad language, struck her in the mouth, and made her sleep without bedclothes. Mrs. Bibby said that she as married to the defendant in 1888. They had had one child, which died about a fortnight ago. She described her alleged treatment by her husband, and said that he threatened to murder her if she did not accept 2s. 6d. a week, leave him. He said—" I'll be the end of you; I mean it, so help me God." She was afraid to live with him. Defendant averred that his wife would not get his meals ready, and that she insulted him. lle had never said a wrong word to her. She had threatened to cut his throat if he went to sleep. Tie had done his best, and when she was confined waited on her hand and foot. She had said that she would be " with Mrs. Maybrick " in a very few months. After evidence had been heard on both sides, the magistrates said they thought it would be the wisest plan for the two to be •separated. Acting on the suggestion, Bibby undertook to pay his wi-ife ss. a week, and not to molest her in any way.

and

===== 0002601_18900705_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
GIVING THEM ANOTHER CHANCE.

Mary Knockton and Ellen Hart were before the War- rington magistrates on Monday for drunkenness. Knock- ton Is 27 years of age, and it•was her 20th appearance. Alderman Davies: It would require wiser men than we to know what to do with these girls. It transpired that Knockton had only been excused once, and the Bench, in the hope that leniency might do some good, dizmissed the girls.

TEE PROTECTFON OF BANE PARE GARDENS. At the Borough Court, yesterday, two lads named James Herbert Eastwood and William Sharpies, were summoned for disorderly behaviour in Bank Park Gar- dens on the 29th June. Mr. Ashton, the Park keeper, stated that on the Sunday evening in question one of the defendants was climbing behind one of the seats, when the other defendant pushed him down, and a branch of one of the bushes was broken. Considerable annoyance was caused by such disorderly behaviour in the gardens. Chief Constable Hunt said the Park Committee had at- tempted to deal with the annoyance by cautioning the offenders, but they found it had no effect, and they had decided that the magistrates should be asked to deal with them in future. The Bench said they would be lenient in this case, but warned the defendants about their future conduct.—Each boy was fined 2s. 6d.

A VIOLENT LOVER IN COURT.

At the Born-uili--&-rt-,--yest-erCiay-,- ip-e-iOre Mr. John White and other magistrates, Patrick Hoarty, a young man,was summoned for assaulting a young woman nam- ed Emma Stretton' on the 30th June. P.C. Hughes stated that on the date named he saw the defendant pursuing the complainant past the police station: The defendant overtook her, seized her by the throat and kicked her several times. The complainant on being called to give evidence, said that the defendant had sev- eral times promised to marry her. She did not wish to press the case if the defendant would marry her. It was stated that the parties lived together and the defendant added that he struck the woman because she would not mend his trousers.—The Chairman: Will you marry her? Defendant: Yes, sir. The Bench bound the defend- ant over to keep the peace on the condition that he married the complainant, the Chairman remarking that if he did net marry her the penalty would be more severe.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
AN IRrsTt Row.

James Hogan, resident in a court off Fennel-st., was summoned for assaulting Bartley Loyden, a neighbour. There was a summons issued by Hogan against Sarah Loyden, wife of the complainant in the former case, for an assault alleged to have been committed at the same time. The evidence showed that there had been some

ill-feeling between the parties, and it was alleged that Hogan knocked Loyden down and knelt on his breast. Mrs. Loyden thereupon rushed out of the house with a poker and struck Hogan a blow on the head, from which blood flowed profusely. Hogan's head had to be band- aged at the Infirmary. Mrs. Loyden, with great volubi- lity, explained to the Bench that Hogan wanted to "slaughter and murder the lot of them." and she only went to the protection of her "old man." She gave Hogan a" crack" on,the head, and saved her old man's life. (Laughter.) The Bench ordered Mrs. Loyden to be bound over to keep the peace, and dismissed the case against Hogan.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
INSANITARY DWELLINGS.

John Appleton, a builder, of Orford-avenue, was sum- moned for allowing nuisances to exist on property in Dallam-lane.—Mr. Forshaw appeared for the defendant, and stated that the work was being done this week. It would have been completed before but for the interven- tion of Walking Day. He. therefore, asked for an ad- journment of the summons until Monday next.— Inspector Norman said that the houses were number 67, 69, 71, and 73. Dallam-lane. On the 18th June he inspected the premises, and found the drains blocked up, and spouts in a defective condition, and underneath the parlour floor he discovered six inches depth of sewage water.—Dr. Gornall medical officer of health, said that he had certified the houses as unfit for human habitation, ' and the Committee had sanctioned an order for their closure in case Mr. Appleton did not carry out their directions thoroughly.—Mr. Forshaw repeated that the work would be done this week and the case was adjourned.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
A CONSTABLE SCTAIMONED FOR ASSABLT.

Yesterday, at the police court, Police Constable Wad 3, residing at 5, Porter-st., was summoned for assaulting a married woman named Julia Melbourne,who stated that on the 25th June she was standing at the corner of Porter and Napier-streets, when the officer came up and told her to go away. She asked who he was speaking to and he replied "You dirty low woman go away. He afterwards struck her on the left breast and pushed her. Mrs. Ellison, Miss Dagnall, and a Mrs. Higginson gave corroborative testimony. The defendant stated that for some time past he had been considerably annoyed by the crowds of noisy children who had shouted and created a disturbance when he was in bed before going on night duty. On the night in question his wife threw some water upon them to drive them away, and about 200 women gathered in the street and created a disturbance. They declined to move on and he had to clear the street. He used no more violence than was necessary.—Several witnesses were called in support of the officer's statement and the case was dis- missed.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT._

SATURDAY.—Before Alderman .Chandley and Mr. Hobert

Garnett.

DRUNKENNICSS.—WiIIiam Ward, for being drunk and disordeDily in Church-st., on Friday afternoon, was fined ss. and costs, or seven days' impi isonment.—Wm Harli. son, a painter's labourer,for being drunk and disorderly, and assaulting Mary Ann Butters, on Town Llill,on Friday night, was fined ss. and costs or in default seven days' hard labour.

i'LEEPING OUT.—John Jeffries, a navvy, was charged with damaging straw,to the extent of sixpence,in Monks's shed, Arpley Walk, early on Saturday morning. It was stated that the prisoner had pulled two planks out of the shed to gain admittance. He was committed to gaol for 14 days. A WIFE'SMAINTENANCE.—John Simpson was summoned for not contributing 10s, per week to the maintenance of his wife, in accordance with an order made by the War- rington magistrates. The amount in arrear was stated to be £6, and the defendant was committed to gaol for two months, with hard labour. MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (Alderman Francomb), Alderman Harrison, and Alderman Davies. DRUNEENNESS.—The following persons were among those dealt with for drunkenness :—Mary Ann Leach, in Irlam-st., on Saturday, fined ss. and costs ;Jane Conway and Mary Ellen Reynolds. in Dial-st., on Saturday, each fined ss. and costs; Bridget Campbell, in Buttermarket- st., on Sunday, discharged ; Michael Duffy, on Saturday, ordered to pay 2s. 6d. ; Mary Gibbons land Bridget Tonic, in Bridge-st., on the 21st ult., each fined 2s. 6d., includ- ing costs ; James McTeague, in Angel-yard, 22nd ult., fined ss. and costs; Mary McLoughlin, in Walsh's-yard, 23rd ult., fined ss. including costs. MAINTENANCE ORDER.—James Painter consented to an order being made upon him to pay Bg. per week to- wards the maintenance of his son on the ship Clio. Does AT LARGE.—John Wright was fined 2s. 6d. and costs for having allowed his dog to be at large unmuzzled on the 24th ult. Peter Sutton was ordered to pay costs for a similar offence. Gemausn.—James Swift, for playing cards for money at Bank Quay, on the 20th ult., was fined 10s. and costs. TUESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett and Mr. E. M.

Crosfield.

DRUNKENNESS. —Johniiu—ricen, for being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-St., on the day before, was fined 55., including costs.—An elderly woman named Julia Carney, charged with having been drunk in Irlam- st., on the night previous, told the Bench that she was making her way to Liverpool, to meet a sailor son. The magistrates took a mercifnl view of the case, and directed that prisoner should receive 2s. 6d. from the poor box to help her on her way to Liverpool. WEDNESDAY.—Before Alderman Holmes and Mr.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
E. M. Crosfield.

DRUNKENNESS. Patrick Cafferty, for having been drunk and disorderly in Bridge-st., on the day before was fined ss. and costs. THURSDAY.—Before Major Litton, Major Pickmere, and Captain Ridgway. DRUNKENNESS.—John Cullinen, charged with having been drunk at Bank Quay, on the previous day, was dismissed on promising to leave the town. YESTERDAY.—Before Dr. John White (in the chair), Alder- man J. Harrison, Mr. Charles White, and Dr. Gornall. NEIGHBOUR'S SQUABBLE.—Charlotte Owen was sum- moned for assaulting Catherine Gerrard, on the 16th June. There was a cross-summons for using threats. After hearing contradictory evidence, the Bench dis- missed both cases, and ordered each party to bear their own costs. TROUBLESOME Gints.—Mrs. Mary Jane Dixon, her daughter,Gertrude,and two girls named Mary Welsby and Mary Jane Mather,were summoned for assaulting Louisa Lloyd, by throwing mud and stones at her. The Bench cautioned the girls about their conduct and dismissed the cases against them on the payment of costs. Mrs. Dixon was bound over to keep the peace. ASSAULT ON A CONSTAIILE.—Isaac Coleman, a rough looking man ,was charged with drunkenness and assault- ing Constable Cooper, in Horsemarket-st„ on .the 30th ult. The prisoner was behaving in a very cbscrderly manner in the street and on being taken into custody near the Central Station he became extremely violent and kicked and struck the officer several times. A fine of £1 and costs was imposed or in default of payment one month's imprisonment with hard labour.

WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. Peter Stubs and Mr. James Tinsley. DRUNIEENNY.S9.—Thomas Houghton, for having been drunk and disorderly, on Liverpool-road, was fined ss. and costs ; Benjamin Wilding an Joseph Wilding, his son, on the 27th June, at Sankey Bridges, each ordered to pay costs; Edward McLean, at Golbcrne, on the Ist Inst., fined ss. and costs. CARELESS DRIVERS. William Dutton and George Appleton were each ordered to pay costs for haying been asleep whilst in charge of horses and vehicles, at Rixton,

===== 0002601_18900705_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

Secretaries of Cricket Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office, Bewsey-street, Warrington, not later than ten o'clock on Wednesday morning.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
POST OFFICE V. PADOATE.—This match was played at Padgate last Saturday,tesulting in a win for the visitors by 6 runs. Score: Post Office, 63; Padgate 57. WIDNES V. Sr. HELSNS (2ND ELEVENS).—This match was played at Widnes on Saturday, and after a good game resulted in a win for St. Helens by five runs. Score :—Widnes, 83; St. Helens, 88.

WINVY ICK IST v. TYLDESLBY 2ND.—Thls match was played at Winwick on Saturday, and resulted in a vic- tory for the visitors by three runs. The scores were--

Carson lbw b Bradburn

TYLDEEILEY. • IBradburn b Wadsworth ... 1

Ferguson b Bradburn 0 Wadsworth not out 19 : W Wright c & b Bradburn 6 Copple b Bradburn 1 Wallace b Bradburn Clarke c Brown b Bradburn 0 Hemmett c and b Bowker 0 Egan lbw b Bowker 0 J Wright b &kersley 4 Atkinson run out 7

Brown b Wadsworth 3 Higginson b Copple Bowker c and b Wadsworth 1 Healey b Wadsworth W Klow b Copple Greenough o Carson b Copple McCormick c Carson b Copple Higson c Clarke b Egan Eckersley run out 5 Klow not out

Extras

Extras

Total

Total

GRAPPIINHALL ST. WILFRID'S V. WARRINGTON AMA. TRllR.—Played at Grappenhall on Saturday, the home team winning by 38 runs. For the visitors Palmer batted well, and Todd and Hampson bowled the best. For the homesters. A. L. Kaye and J. Smith batted well, and the brothers Burrows bowled well, taking respec- tively six wickets for twelve runs and four wickets for twelve. Score:

GRAPPENHALL. AMATEURS. Fairhurst b Hampson 1 Hampson b Jas Burrows... 0 Greenall b Hampson 8 Palmer. c Kaye b John James Burrows e Todd b Burrows Hampson 0 Pownall b Jas Burrows ... 1 Tinsley c Spencer lb Cook b James Burrows ... 5 Pownall Smith it Hampson b Todd l6 Burrows Kaye b Cook John Burrows it Hampson Burrows b Cook 0 Spencer hit vat b John Carter b Todd 1 Burrows Albinson lbw b Todd 0 Hughes b James Burrows 0 Spencer not out 0 Todd c Spence b James Dutton b Todd 0 Burrows Thompson b John Burrows 2 Longshaw not out 0 2 Extras _ 60

Extras

Total

Total 24

CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS v. SALFORD DOCIC (IST TRAM).—Playedon the ground of the former, and after a pleasant game resulted in a win for the home team by 33 runs. After the game both teams retired to the Old Bill and sat down to a substantial tea, provided by Mrs. White, after which a most enjoyable evening was passed in song and joke, Mr. G. Riley accompanying the vocal- ists on the piano with his well-known skill. Score :- ----ERS.

SALFORD DOCK. E Harrison thrown out Shaw lO Hoskins C Bailey b Whit- ham Pickering run out 0 Jones c Shaw b Whitham Owen b Whitham 5 Webb b Whttham 4 Taylor c Cosgrove b Whit- ham Harrison b Whitham Bell b Turner 0

Shaw lbw Pickering .... 22 Hackett run out 5 Turner run out 8 Bailey b Pickering 2 Lawless b Pickering 4 Taylor b Pickering 0 Cosgrove b Pickering l2 Lowe b Pickering 0 Deeley c Jones b Picker- ing lO Guest b Pickering 3 , Whitham not out 0

Extras

Total 7O iKER'S Tiam v. E. SAIINDBRS' [ill, on Friday. Score

BARR ER's. Mr Birch b Smith 2 ,Pownall c Roberts b Smith 6 Cooke Brown b Smith 0 Barker (captain) b Barber 4 Hackney b Barber 0 Payton c Brown b Smith 0 Clive lbw lc) Smith 0 Owen b Barber

Longshaw b Smith ...... 4 Clay b Smith Bradbury not out

Extras

Total 32

_ dn 1 Da) 0 0 2

===== 0002601_18900705_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Barber at Hackett b Whit-

barn Harratt not out _

Extras

Total

WYCLIFFE SCHOOL : H. BAR TEAM.—Played at Dunham Hi

SAUNDERS'. F Barber b Pownall Smith c and b Barber O, Place b Barker Mr Spencer c Payton b Bar-

- ker Garland b Pownall Jewkes' b Cook Saunders (captain) b Pow-

nail 1 Longahaw b Payton 2 Itev F R Roberts c Barker b Pownall G Barber b Cook Brown not out Extras

Total

PADGATIA WESLEYANS v. Gtszsintoox.—The Wesleyans journeyed to Glazebrook on Saturday, and gained a com- plete victory over the home representatives. Roach bowled exceedingly well for the visitors, taking 7 wickets for 3 runs. Score :

GLAZEBROOII.

Blair b Roach 11 c R xlch b Jos Weston °swell c Steel b Roach Crawshaw b Roach Brookes 0 Norman b Wes-

PADGATE. 0 Norman b Crawshaw 0 W Weston b 'Oswell 1 0 Monks c and b Crawshaw 11 1 Antrobus b Crawshaw a Roach not out l2 0 Smith not out O'Jos Weston ... 5 Steel o,Dooley to bat Uno Weston I -swoon

ton Whitfield b Weston Garlick b Roach Bond b Roach Roberts c Antrobus b

Roach Wells c Weston b Roach Hamer not out

Extras

Bxtras

Total

Total

RUNCORN TRINITY 2ND. TEAM V. FRODSIIAM RECRE- ATIoN.—This match was played at Frodsham last Satur- day, and resulted in a victory for the Recreation. Run- corn played a man short. Score :

- TRINITY. Green b Russell 5 Gaskell c Youd 0 Buxton c Shone l7 Campbell b Russell Harvey b Russell 0 Pendlebury b Russell Brett b B.urington Price c Youd 1 Sherlock not out Taylor c Aston

BECRIiiTIO2f.

Parker b—die-e-M7----- 0 Bibby b Green 0 Youd b Green 0 Shone e Taylor MeWaters e Pendlebury Russell e Green Aston c Taylor 4 Palmer run out Barrington b Harvey 2 Dimelow e Gaskell 4 Woods not out 0

Extraa

Extras

Total 291

Total

CFIESIIIRE LINES ENGINEERS V. SALFORD DOCK (2ND TsAms).—Played at Salford, and resulted in a win for the Engineers by four runs. Score :

ENGINr,vERS.

SALFORD DOCK.

Forster b Leach Hackett b I{o3kins Onions b Leach Pad more run out Ashbrook b Leach Harding b Leach James not out_

Langridge b Jones Hope St Onions b Harding 2 Davies c Padmore b Forster 2 Leach c Harding b Fors- ter 2 Hughes b Forster 0

Jones c and b Cook Whitham b Cook Woods b Cook 0 Giles b Leach

Coo-}c c Hackett b Forster 0 Aggutter e Onions b Jones Hoskins run out Roe c Jones b Forster 1 Smith not out McAndrews c& b Forster 1 Eztras

Extras

Total3l Total l9 WARRINGTON v. Rusnorads.—The first meeting between these teams on Saturday was spoiled by rain. Warrington with a poor team journeyed to Manchester, where they were fortunate in winning the toss. They started batting with Crosfield and Dun, to the deliveries of Holmes and Ibbotson (pro.) A poor start was made, Dun being the first to go when the total was 8. Smith soon got to work, and with the total at 16 Crosfield retired. Clarke, the incomer, was soon sent back at the same total. Brown and Smith, by good cricket, carried the total to 45 before the former was given out lbw for a useful 11. Three runs later Smith was caught for an invaluable 28, which included six 3's. Voisey and Podmore, put on 14 runs before they were . parted—Podmore first for 9, and then Voisey for 6. Dunbobbin was bowled for a single. Griffen was not out 9 when rain stopped further play at 4-20. Score:—

WARRINGTON. J J Crosfield b Moline Dun b Ibbotson 4 Smith c McNivea b Platt 2B Clarke b Holme 0 Brown lbw b Platt Volsey 0 Farrington b Holmes POdfnOre sand b Platt Griffon not out Duubobbln b Holme Crompton not out Itushworth to bat

Extras 2

Total 72

WARAINGTON 2ND V. GOLBORNE.—ThiS match was played at Warrington on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the home team. Ge!borne 'batted first, but made a very poor show, two of their best wickets being down without a run having been scored, and nine wickets were down for 24, but the last wicket added 12 runs. Bell and Smith bowled remarkably well. Bell bowled seven maiden overs in succession for two wickets, and in all took four for 12 runs, Smith taking five for 18. On Warrington going in to bat, they fared quite as badly as their opponents, five wickets being down for 14 runs, and eight for 34, but on Bullivant joining Bell, runs were put on at a great pace, and eventually Bell was out at 113, the ninth wicket putting on 79 runs. Bell's score of 68 was compiled in his usual vigorous manner, combined with very good cricket. He had no less thaneleveu 4's in his score. Bullivant was imme-

===== 0002601_18900705_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JULY 5, 1890.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
diately after run out, having played remarkably, well, and at a: very critical period of the game showed great steadiness. Bate bowled exceedingly wellior Golborne.

WARRINGTON% GOLBORNE. AdREI96II c Hemborongh b Bate b Bell Thorley 1 Gregory b Smith Wilkinson b Bate ....... .....,.. I It Davies b, Smith 0 Podmure b Thorley 0 Turton e Wilkinson b jeans b Bate 1 Smith 5 Bell b Parton 6B Taylor b Bell , Collin b Bate 3 J Davies b Smith Unsworth b Thorley. Smith b Bate IE Davies b pen ._ 1 ...

o,llemborough b.Bell ~... 29 Smith c 8. b Dirties 0 Thorley wit out 81 ,' nitres' Total • 114

Indies b Bate Bullivant run out Griffiths not out Extras

Total

===== 0002601_18900705_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

CRICKET. The writer Of cricket notes in the " Manchester Guardian" makes same pertinent remarks on the practice of hiring county professionals to take part in district "club" matches. No attempt, he says, has been made on the part of the professionals to defend the practice except that it teaches the country clubs to play better cricket. "'We have no objection—quite the contrary— to the county clubs engaging the beat possible talent to coach them; but we do most strongly object to a club taking men to matches who are not bona-fide members of 'its organisation, and thereby obtaining an unfair advant- age over clubs which are more scrupulous or less wealthy. Let each club play" lair ana square" on its own merits, and then managers will know what, and with whom, they are dealing in making matches. A colliery district not far from Bolton boast's a rather powerful club, but not one of its members lives in the place covered by the title. They are professionals pure and simple from a distance, and yet they are supposed to represent the cricketing talent of that particular district.

We are told that the "three centuries " in one innings at cricket were made thrice in 1884; and Wisden's Almanack for 1888 shows that it occurred twice in 1887. In that year, in the Notts v Sussex match, Shrewsbury scored 135, Gunn 205 (not out), and Barnes 120—total of the innings, 570. In the Canterbury Week match between Yorkshire and Kent Ulyett scored 124, Hall 110, and Lee 119—total of the innings 559.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
MISCELLANEOUS.

H. H. Evans, of Warrington, was successful at the Accrington sports in carrying off two prizes, both seconds, in the 120 and 220 yards handicaps respectively. In the 120 yards race he was accorded 11i yards start, whilst in the22o run he was conceded 15 yards.

The athletes of Widnes had a fairly good time on Satur- day. At the Accrington Cricket Club Sports, J. Kelly with 70 yards start,won the mile handicap by two yards from P. J. Kenyon, also a Widnesian with 115 yards start. In a race over a similar distance at Pendleton, H. Barber, who had 85 yards start, took the first prize, winning by eight yards.

It is said that baseball is already played by about 90 clubs in England, the great majority of whom are com- posed of amateurs. There is an " Amateur Association of Baseball Players" in the Newcastle district, and the game has been taken up in Glasgow. We have already, in fact, a baseball championship, contested by the "Na- tional League of Professional Baseball Clubs of Great Britain." There are four members—namely, Preston North End, Derby, Birmingh6m (Aston Villa), and Stoke,—of which Derby has been hitherto the most suc- cessful ; and baseballers confidently hope to see the day when cricket, with its two or three days' slow progres- sion, will give place to the two hours' keen excitement of "catching," "pitching," and "base running." Umpires, of course, will need to be heavily insured or armour plated, but that is a detail which may be ar- ranged.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BARROW ELECTION.

GREAT LIBERAL VICTORY. There was great excitement at Barrow on Wednesday,l the day of the polling. During the day Mr. Caino took things easy, but the Liberals and the Conservatives both worked very hard. Amongst other workers for Mr. Duncan, were Messrs. W. O'Brien, M.P., J. Wilson,M.P., T. Harrington, M.P.,and Mr. Conway, M-P.,with Fathers Caffrey and Fitzgerald, and two Irish ladies. For the Conservative candidate there assembled quite a host of workers, amongst the number being several Primrose League dames. At the close of the poll, the ballot boxes were taken to the old Town Hall, where they were counted in the presence of the returning officer (the Mayor), and the three candidates. A large crowd as- sembled in the open space during the process of count- ing, and when the result was announced as follows a loud cheer was raised by the victolious voters : Mr. Duncan (L) Mr. Wainwright-(C) Mr. Caine (I L) After the ,figures had been announced Mr. Duncan drove to his committee-rooms, where he was received with a great outburst of enthusiasm. The cheering with which he was received was continued for about twenty minutes. In a short address he spoke of the verdict of Barrow as a message of doom to the Government and of goodwill to Ireland. Amongst Liberals all ever the country the victory was received with great enthusiasm. Mr. Duncan and the Liberal Association of Barrow received many congratulatory telegrams. LETTER FROM MR. CAINE TO MR. DUNCAN. On returning to his hotel, immediately after the declar- ation of the poll, Mr. Caine sent the tollowing letter to the successful candidate .

"Dear Mr. Duncan,—Let me be among the first to send you my congratulations. lam thankful the seat has not gone to the representative of the liquor interest. I have nothing to complain of whatever in your conduct during the election, which has been that of a true gentleman, and a good Liberal. I have been beaten by a heavy combination, against which it has been impossible to stand up. I accept my defeat frankly, and whatever I can do in the future to reconcile the discordant elements of the Ljberal party in Barrow shall be done frankly and loyally.' lam glad, at any rate, that the seat has passed fr from me to the son of an old and valued friend, who is connected with Barrow by ties of affection and remem- brance in connection with great injustice. I heartily wish you a most successful career. Your constituency is the best in the country, and I am sure its interests and reputation will be safe in your hands.—With kindest re- gards, most sincerely yours, "W. S. CAINH."

THE UNITED KINGDOM_ ALLIANCE AND MR.

CAINE.

The United Kingdom Alliance London Committee, on Thursday evening, resolved—" That this Committee de- sire to express their cordial sympathy with Mr. Caine in the gallant contest which he has recently carried on at Barrow, and to concratulate him upon the considerable electoral support which under the difficulties of the situa- tion was accorded to him. The Committee hope that at an early day Mr. Caine will again occupy a seat in the House of Commons, and there renew those efforts on be- half of temperance legislation, which have so honourably distinguished his Parliamentary and public career."

MR. CAINE ON HIS DEFEAT. Mr. Caine was interviewed on his return to London ' from Barrow on Thursday. He stated that he intended going to India for two or three months in the winter, but he meant to get into Farliament again, and before long. "It is clear to my mind," he cmtinued, "that the Unionist party has had its chance and thrown it away. I vacated my. seat not so much because the compensation clauses were Introduced as that remedial legislation for Ireland was set aside for a measure foredoorned to certain failure. I can now only look to the main body of the Liberal party for Ireland's future, and shall, EO far as I:am able, co-operate with them in 'any at- tempt to settle the question." After remarking that his position in the contest was far better than he thought it would have been, Mr. Caine said, "The only matter that has given me real concern in the con- test is the report of a few ill-considered sentences about Mr. Gladstone, spoken by me in a heated moment in my committee-rooms when his letter to Mr. Duncan was brought in. We were, of course, greatly dismayed!' He admitted that his success was rendered impossible by the Liberal leaOer's letter adopting Mr. Duncan, and added that Sir Wlifrid Lawson's letter was a serious blow, and one that he did not expect. He expressed the belief that he would not have much difficulty in finding a 'constitu- ency, and said he would like to contest a constituency against one of his old colleagues, as that would emphasise his action. He hoped to attack a big brewer some- where. THE MARQUIS OF RIPON ON THE BARROW

- ELECTION. Speaking at a Liberal demonstration at Hutton Hall, near Middlesborough, on Thursday night, the Marquis of Ripon said that when he first heard that Mr. Caine had resigned his seat for Barrow he felt a desire that he might again be returned, because Mr. Caine had done good service in the last fight. He had stuck steadfastly and honestly to his temperance principles when some people did not stick to them, and tie should have been glad for many reasons if it had been possible for*. Caine to have been returned. That, however, was a matterthat rested with the people of Barrow themselves. What was the lesson to be learnt from the result ? There were many things to make one anxious that Mr. Caine should be again returned—consideration for his temperance principles, a feeling that he had thrown himself in a generous manner on the Puffra ges of the electors, and other reasons, but the electors of flarrow,he had no doubt,felt that the great question for the Liberal party to-day was to get rid of coercion in Ireland and to bring about the establishment of Home Rule. He felt they must have the Irish question out of the way before they could proceed with the social. reforms crowding upon them, and which they as ardent Liberals desired to see passed.

EVERY Briton la entitled to a fair trial -give one to " SUNLIGHT SOAP."—Advt. To CIMN SKIN DlSEASES.—Sulpholine Lotion drives away all Eruptions, Pimples, Blotches, Redness, Eczema, Acne, Disfigurements, Roughness and Scurf, leaving a clear. spotless skin. Sold everywhere.—ildvt.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHESHIRE POLICE INQUIRY.

MORE STARTLING CHARGES. - At Chester Castle, on Saturday morning, the coin-. mittee appointed by the standing joint Committee to in- quire into the allegations made against the Cheshire Constabulary by Mr. J. Slater Lewis, resumed their inquiry. His Honour Sir Horatio Lloyd (chairman), presided, and the other members of the Committee pre- sent were Mr. Duncan Graham, Mr. C. Lister, and Mr. J. Beckett. Mr. A. E. Fletcher, solicitor, dorthwich, attended and watched the proceedings on behalf of the police ; and there were also present the Chief Constable (Col. Hamersley), Superintendents Hollingsworth and Large, ex-Inspector O'Donnell, Mr. J. Slater Lewis Mr. E. Bte.ssey, solicitor, Chester (his adviser), Mr. J. Ashton (magistrates' clerk, Runcorn), and Mr. Reginald Potts (clerk of the County Council). Complying with a requisition of the committee at the last meeting, Mr. J. Slater Lewis had prepared a state- ment of the charges which he made against the police. They were as follows :—" General Accusations: Grave irregularities amongst the police at Runcorn from 1836 to 1889, consisting of drunkenness and other misconduct, much in excess of an ordinary proportion of such irre- gularities. (a) Personal charge against Superintendent Hollingsworth, being by his conduct and character an unfit man to have held the position of superintendent in that town. Aid of Game Preservation : 1. That the

police have from time to time, especially within the last fourteen years, been employed, to the neglect of their proper duty, in aiding gamekeepers at nights, some- times going on private land therefor, their beats being meanwhile totally unprotected from crime. 2. That it is part of the police system generally to conceal the fact of so doing by entries in their journals mislead- ink the Government Inspector of Police. (a) Specific Charge : That on the 24th of September, 1889, the town of Runcorn was cleared of all police on duty (ex-

. . cept office clerk) from 11 p.m. to 4 a.., or thereabouts, for the purpose of aiding keepers on Sir R. Brooke's es- tate at Norton, several miles from their ordinary beats, with the consent or knowledge of Supt. Large, and that their beats in Runcorn were meanwhile totally un- _ _ _ _ _ . .

guarded. Game Fund :3. That constables in and ibout the district of Macclesfield did formerly, if not now, re- ceive gratuities for every conviction of poachers ob- tained by them in the police courts, from some fund be- lieved to be established by game preservers in and about that district, some of whom were justices of the peace. Mr. J. Slater Lewis only takes upon himself the proof of such matters, but does not feel justified in usurping the committee's functions to the persons on whom the exact responsibility rests." Mr. Fletcher, on behalf of Colonel Hamersley, called attention to the nature of the allegations. He under- stood they were to have full particulars of the serious charges made by Mr. Lewis, and which were the subject of the inquiry. The document containing the particulars was really not stated, in the sense that it afforded them an opportunity of bringing any evidence to bear on the subjects. They were general statements which they had heard over and over again, and did not carry the matter one jot further than had already been indicated in the public papers and by Mr. Lewis in his opening. That list of documents which Mr. Lewis desired pioduced was intended to be supplemental to those very vague and general accusations. What Mr. Lewis proposed to do, it seemedto him, was to go on a sort of fishing expedition through the documents to see if he Could find something that would give colour to the charges. He apprehended that that was hardly the course that ought to be taken. The documents referred to consisted of duty books, and reports of a confidential character which had been made to the head office ; and obviously it would militate very ' much against the conduct of the force if the inquiry had the result of bringing up documents which were most privileged. So far as Colonel Hamersley was concerned, there was not the least objection to their production, but, holding the position as he did of chief constable, he felt that he had something more to considerthan his own personal wishes. He (the Colonel) feared that very much damage might result by an indiscriminate produc- tion of such documents. They proposed to produce documents through the Clerk, and then the Committee would see whether there was any ground for the allega- tions made, and which the documents were supposed to throw light npon. Mr. Lewis submitted that as they were to go into the charges, they were entitled to see the whole of the docu- ments ; and he respectfully asked the committee to order their production. Mr. Brassey said they had given notice to produce cer- tain documents and books, but they did not ask for them to be placed in their own handS. The documents were asked for the close purpose of proving or supporting their witnesses. For instance, constables and ex-constables who would be called should be shown their journals, in order that they might speak to particular dates. The Chairman remarked that the request was reason- able and in conformity with the procedure of all courts. Mr. Lewis then proceeded to call witnesses. Henry Cooper .stated that he resided at Runcorn, and had been a member of the Cheshire police force for over sixteen years. He had been stationed at Crewe before he was removed to Runcorn, where he was stationed about a year and a half. He was at Crewe under Superintendent Hollingsworth. During that time he saw him drunk frequently. On several occasions lie had seen him leave hotels at early hours in the morning, and especially one which was opposite the police station. It had been mentioned to him that a constable had seen Hollingsworth in one ,of the cells at Crewe where a woman had been locked up for drunkenness. The Chairman said he could not see that that could throw any light on the state of things at Runcorn. They felt that the matter should not be brought forward unless they were prepared to prove it. Mr. Brassey said they proposed to call the constable. The witness, continuing, ,said that when he went to Runcorn everything went on very well until Superin- tendent Hollingsworth went there. Hollingsworth com- menced to drink, and neglected his duty very much. He had reason to require his services frequently in Run- corn, and was obliged to find him. He gave evidence at i the inquiry held by the chief constable n 1887. Mr. Lewis then examined witness as to money known as vagrant money;, but the chairman considered it im- material to the inquiry. Witness, continuing, said he did not report the superin- tendent for being drunk, because there was an inspector over him. Cross-examined by Mr. Fletcker : At the inquiry in 1887 he did not state to the chief constable all he knew about Hollingsworth. Ile did not give all the informa- tion he knew, because he knew he would share the same fate as Sergeant Blair did. He was very careful not to go too i'ar at the inquiry in giving information. Could not say how many tines he had seen Hollingsworth drunk. Mr. J. Beckett : Did you not feel in your mind that there was a higher duty to the public and the position which you held than the one that made you shield a man that was evidently unfit for the position he held? Witness: Yes sir; but if you had been in the police force, and understood all the rples and regulations, you would hesitate a long time before you would have re- ported a supetior officer, because you might as well be out of the force, sir. (Laughter.) Mr. Fletcher: That is only Mr. Cooper's observa- tion. Mr. Slater Lewis: It is a very important observa- tion: '

Witness, resuming: That is the reason I did not tell Colonel Hamersley all, because I saw it was a one-sided investigation, and it proved to be so, because Sergeant Blair was reduced after the man had brought seven or eight constables up to prove the case. It was most monstrous. He was brought to the inquiry against his will, and dragged in it by two constables. He did not volunteer information and made no report, as he did not want to be mixed up in the affair, as he told Hollings- worth before he went into the room to give evi- dence. Joseph Wright, who was called, said he was an ex- policeman, having been in the Cheshire constabulary about 18 years. He Mad been stationed at Crewe under Inspector Hollingsworth, and he left the force through taking too much drink and assaulting a mart. He had seen Mr. Hollingsworth the worse fordrink at Crewe,but had not reported him for it At the time he saw Hollings- worth in the cell with the woman he was drunk. Hollingsworth was in the cell a few minutes with the woman. The Chairman remarked that if it was a true story it assumed important proportions, and Hollingsworth ought to have had notice that it was to be brought out. Mr. Brassey said they had, not seen the witness till that morning. Cross-examined by Mr. Fletcher: If they had reported Hollingsworth every time they had seen him drunk they would have been doing nothing else. (Laughter.) He had had to tell scores of lies to screen Hollingsworth, because thaw dared not say 'anything against a superior officer against his will. If he had done what Hollings- worth did when he (witness) was at Crewe, he would have been " stripped " long before he was. Hollings- worth was never fit to wear the clothes. Witness could not say how many 4,imes he was reported by the superin- tendent for being drunk. He (witness) was as fond of a glass of beer as Hollingsworth was. He had been fined. The reports made against superior officers went through their hands, and they could please themselves whether they forwarded them to the head office or not. The Chairman here read an extract from the police de- faulters' book, showing that Wright had been fined eleven times, chiefly for being drunk whilst en duty, disobedience of orders, and on one occasion for taking off his coat to fight ' • and after repeated reprimands and fines was discharged. Thomas Reece was called, and said he had been a member of the force for fourteen years, and left about' four years ago with a gocd character, and a gratuity was granted him. He knew Hollingsworth, and served un- der him at Crewe for some time. Ile spoke to seeing Supt. Hollingsworth coming several times into the police office intoxicated. When he left the force he wrote an anonymous letter to the chief constable, informing him that the head of the police in Crewe had been seen drunk in a public-house; that he was the last man to do another man an injury, but if the chief would go over to Crewe any night it would be an easy matter 14 catch him in that condition. Cros-examined.—He thought it was a great shame for a man to carry on as Hollingsworth did without the Chief Constable knowing of it.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Colonel Cope, deputy chief constable, was called and examined respecting an inquiry he held in 1889 at Run- corn, into complaints made by Constable Bullock against Insyector O'Donnell. He afterwards directed O'Donnell . . . . .

to }and in his resignation in consequence of his interfer- ance with office work, and because • Superintendent Large said he could not possibly work with him. His intention was to reduce O'Donnell in rank, but before

leaving the premises O'Donnell made an appeal to him. He promised to consider it. He did so in a few days, . . . . . .

butinformed O'Donnell, who visited him, that he mils; resign his appointment as inspector, and he should re- appoint him that day at £9O per annum. Police-constable J. Sutton, stationed at Goosetry, said he joined the force in 105, and on one occasion he had seen Superintendent Hollingsworth intoxicated. That was when the superintendent, who had been visiting the sections, returned home and fell out of the trap. He had been reported for being drunk in December, 1887, and fined, Inspector Millington giving the information. . .

Mr. Fletcher, M the course of a discussion respecting the question of drunkenness in Runcorn, and the pro- duction of the defaulters' book, said the total number

of police in that section was 39, and three only were reported for drunkenness during O'Donnell's sixteen months there.

Charles Potts, .sanitary .inspector, Northwich, was

examined. He said he was in the police force nearly six years, and resigned with a good character. Mr. Lewis.—On the 24th February, 1887, Colonel Hamersley says in a report that "Potts appears to be an idle. slovenly fellow, and addicted to drink.- The other Potts is an idle, gossiping lad, and I now caution both of them as to their future condact."

The Chairman.—l cannot understand that you call a witness who everyone knows is a respectable man, and before asking questions you attempt to discredit him. Mr. Lewis.—l do not want to do that. it might come out in the course of the inquiry, and I want to prove that this statement is incorrect.

Witness (continuizig) Said he had seen Superintendent 'Hollingsworth under the influence Of drink. If the

Chief aonstable said he was an idle, gossiping man, it was inecirreet. Be had no doubt that Colonel Hamers- _ . _ _

ley was greatly misled by some of the reports which were sent about him. He was asked to resign by the Chief Constable, as he supposed, on account of those re- ports. Constable Billington, of Grappenhall, who had been three years in Runcorn, said he had seen Hollingsworth under the influence of drink. Constable Benfield, of Runcorn, said he had never seen _ . .

Hollingsworth drunk. Cross-examined.—O'Donnell had threatened to report -him for not cleaning his buttons. O'Donnell seemed to be a very harsh disciplinarian. Constable P. Hamersley, of Weston Point, said he was stationed in Runcorn, and on one occasion he thought Hollingsworth was drunk because his gait was hardly steady. 'He had, however, seen him come from an hotel during prohibited hours. Constable James, stationed near Nantwich, and who had been at Crewe under Hollingsworth, said he had never seen him under the influence of drink, and testified that he was a sober man. Constable William Potts, of Newton, near Hyde, said he was at Runcorn two years. He was reported for

getting a glass of whisky' when on duty, and fined 105... He had seen Hollingsworth under the influence of liquor. The Chairman said that he had received a resolution

from a public meeting, and said to have been carried by an overwhelming majority. It ran :—" That this meet- ing is of opinion that the money spent on this inquiry by i the Cheshire County Council s an absolute waste of public money, and totally unjustifiable." Mr. Lewis proposed that the resolution should be left on the table. He understood that it came from a publi- can. ' Mr. Peter Smith rose and denied that. He said the meeting was advertised, and the room was crowded with respectable people. There were only six dissentients. Mr. D. Graham said it was not a matter that they should take any notice of ; but still the fact remained that that inquiry was costing an enormous sum of money, and they must economise as far as possible time and money: The inquiry was then adjourned. • CONSTABLES AND THE PROTECTION OF GAME. The committee of inquiry appointed by the standing joint committee to investigate charges made against the administration of the Cheshire police by Mr. J. Slater Lewis sat for the fourth time at Chester Castle on Tues- day. His Honour Sir Horatio Lloyd, chairman of quarter sessions, presided, the other members of the Committee being Mr. Duncan Graham (chairman county council) and Mr. J. Beckett. Henry Lloyd was first called, and stated that he was in the Cheshire Constabulary prior to 1887, and was stationed at•Nevv Ferry, at Crewe, at Northwich, and at Sale. He deposed that he had seen Superintendent Hollingsworth drunk at Northwich,when driving a trap. —The Chairman, referring to witness's record, said that thosedocuments were important sometimes as to the value of the witnesses. Against that man there were no fewer than eight records MX of drunkenness—fined and reprimanded, disrated, fined and reprimanded, disrated, fined and reprimanded, and finally dismissed. Mr. Slater Lewis then intimated that he should take evidence as to fees having been received bythe police for taking poachers, the evidence to extend over a number of years.—Mr. Fletcher requested that hie inquiry should be limited to Col. Hamersley's administration, viz., from 1881. To take them back to people over whom they had no control could not do any good to the service or to the public. After a consultation with the committee, the Chair- man said they thought the limit proposed would be objectionable, because there was no suggestion in the charge that it was one against Colonel Hamersley, and they should be very sorry to give any colour that it was a personal accusation against Colonel Hamersley. The accusation was not against the police system as adminis- tered by Colonel Hamersley alone, but as administered for years past by whomsoever it might be. Hugh O'Donnell, ex-inspector, was then re-called, and stated that on the 24th September, 1889, he searched Church-st., and High-st.,Runcorn,and could find no con- stables. He then returned to the office, and searched the parade book to see where the men should be. The clerk, seeing him consulting the book and making a search, said " If you are looking for the men, they are all gone to Halton:" He further informed wftness that Sergeant Dutton, stationed then at Sutton Weaver, had sent to the superintendent; and.he had directed the sergeant to take the men off the town to meet some poachers suspected of coming to the Norton estate—Sir, Richard Brookes' place—that night. —Continuing, svitriess stated that at about twelve o'clock he reached Halton, which was between three and four miles from Runcorn. he thought. He there found the men close to the waterworks, some of them lying behind the hedge in a field, and others on the road with the sergeants. There were eleven keepers and watchers, some in the field, and others talking to the sergeants. Witness at once asked Sergeant Gosling who told him to go there. He said Superintendent Large had told him. Witness saw the thing was out of his hands, and thought the best thing to do would be to remain there. He insisted upon the men coming on to the highway, upon which the men left the field and remained on the road till morning.—By Mr. Beckett : Through the police going to Halton, Runcorn and Sutton Weaver would be left absolutely without any protection. On the fallowing morning witness reported to Superintend- ent Large on the matter. He said it ' was no use, as he was going to report or had reported it to the chief con- stable himself. Witness told him that it was a very unusual thing to withdraw the men from the town in the way he had done. , It was his duty to have with- drawn them, if at all, through him as an inspector. He said he did not know it was necessary to consult wit- ness. Witness was somewhat aggrieved that the Super- intendent should have drafted the men out of town without letting him know —Mr. Lewis asked for the production of the report made by Superintendent Large to the chief constable.—Mr. Fletcher said the report was a verbal one.—O'Donnell said a copy of the report would he found in the letter book unless there was great informality.—Mr. Fletcher explained that there might be an entry about the report in the letter book, but it was not in his possession at that time.— Mr. Lewis: We gave you notice to produce it.— The Chairman : I daresay it will come later on.- 13y Mr. Beckett: The superintendent was in bed when witness left the town he believed.—By Mr. Lister: You must have been on very bad terms with the superintendent not to go to him instead of following the men to Halton P—Witness : I was not on bad terms with him, but he was with me.—Mr. Lewis :• Why is it that you term poachers" suspicious characters ?" Witness : Because it is not recognised that a constable is legally employed in watching for poachers off the high-way, so that he is said to be watching for suspicious characters. It had always been the custom for superintendents to instruct those under them to describe the class of duty as " watching for suspicious characters." He supposed they were told to do so by the chief constable. On the 17th September Constable Boyle reported that he had been off his heat to watch for poachers—suspicious characters. Witness kept the report and told the superintendent verbally about it.—By Mr. Fletcher : He was not reprimanded for going away the morning after the 24th. Ile did not know that the superinten- dent had been patrolling the streets of Runcorn by him- self. He considered it would have been exceeding his duty to bring the men back from Halton. It was not exceeding his duty to go there. He did not stop to ascer- tain whether the superintendent was in before going to Norton.—Mr. Lister: Supposing the super- intendent had been away, and you had had a similar report made to you, should you not have done the same thing ?—No, I should not have cleared the town.—The Chairman: The real substance of your complaint is that the town was clear P—Witness : Yes.—Then I want to know in the name of reason why you took yourself off if you complain of the town being empty ?—Mr. Lewis: That is not my complaint I have nothing to do With O'Donnell.—Mr. Fletcher: I should like to know how you have got that report of Boyle's. I see it is addressed to Superintendent Large? Witness; I told him about it. I gave an explanation from Royle, and my intention was to bring his report before the chief constable myself.—Mr. Lister: Then you intercepted the document ? The report came through me, and I men- tioned it to him.—Do you mean you had a discretion ? I

===== 0002601_18900705_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
took the responsibility.—The Chairman: When a docu- ment is addressed to Superintendent Large, have you, an - intermediate officer, the right of putting it in pocket and making a verbal report of it ? -Alll can say ls you have a pose misconception of your duty—Wl tness: I claim exceptional right, because I found from the ws7. in which Superintendent Large had conducted himseit towards me I had a right in sending it forward. Ex-Sergeant Morgan, who said he joined the constabu- lary in 1879, and resigned in 1889, deposed to having on many occasions, whilst stationed at Wavertorett and Malpas, watched on private grounds for the captu of poachers. He went under the orders of Superinten-r dent Plant, the men being all taken from thela usual beats. He had on several occasions watched the Duke of Westminster's estate, which was the nn place where they were in company with keepers. He bad 41. also watched for poachers at Shurlach, gartforuy Camidge Mill, Lostock Gralam, &C. h for- 111 Samuel Ford, of the Liverpool police force, w••() merly served seven years in the Cheshire constabulalt said that he had frequently watched for poachers fro?. the woods adjoining the road ,and never thought of watle ing for poachers fromanywhere but behizid the he 0' dgetur - believed there was a fund for rewarding poachers, but thought it had been broken up before e:4llbi; time. He had on two occasions been paid a Pound cap Mr. Brocklehurst for captures which he hwandmaadnec., so; Ex-Sergeant Handforth stated that in the early yet,' of his service, which commenced in '57, it was customs?. for the police to watch for poachers, when they liked. On one inspection day, however, C°l°lft; Woodford, the Government inspector, noticed the ent'''.-d of" watching for poachers" in their journals, stid,tit he would have no more of it. Since then it had been custom to enter that kind of duty as " watching for s. -of picious characters." He had received various suln,' money from Mr. Dagleish and others for captures he made. On one occasion he and several other consf-wa'n'd in his charge made a clever capture on private land./ nn Mr. Dagliesh, of Oxton Hall, near Frodsham, offered ng - £lO. He replied that he had done wrong in enter'. 't private grpunds, and could not take the money unles,!,lef came through the hands of the superintendent or 03' a constable. The money was paid to a superior officer> ato ; Inspector Williamson told him it had been paid superannuation fund, but •on inquiring at the Chehsona head office he found this was not the case. He had unable to trace the money since. On some occaslo_, waggonettet; had been sent for the police to take thern the scenes of poaching raids.- ; 91 Ex-Constable John Yew said he had left the tian consequence of being asked for money for promobad under Captain Arrowsmith's administration. Ile been en numerous occasions watching on Printo . party near Macclesfield. There was a fund ati'valtae4,A field for rewarding captures of poachers. and he Ii frequently been paid amounts averaging £1 for securl r, the work and the money. The constables all c°—r convictions. Ho would sooner have been with°u: ed' ' molain e ; fesr but dared not mention it to the Chief Coristable ot- the of dismissal for insubordination. He had receiv,.e“rany- money from the hands of a Mr. Brbcklebank• biCb thing were said against him as to the mannerin left it was untrue. oween Mr. Fletcher said he had a correspondence be- od the Home Secretary and the chief constable which w° explain the poacher's capture reward fund. The Chairman read extracts from letters of the at Constable explaining that such a fund did elistoom Macclesfield, but that rewards were not received , stables with his sanction. r3s" Mr. Lewis pressed for the reading of the whole nor pondence. The Chairman said that the letters and those bet.w_teen Mr. Lewis and the Chief Constable would not be CO's' cive to the inquiry. ntorr Mr. Lewis.—My letters have appeared in the papers. The Chairman.—The letters showed temper. „ I The Chief Constable.—Temper on my part? v•i;ro think I had had enough to put me out of temper - blackened enough. Mr. Lewis.—Colonel Hamersley says it is most itri ing. I should like him to point out one irritating in one of my letters. lee's The Chairman then read from Colonel Ilainelsn6,s- -letter—" I most distinctly say that, so far as my ir ledge goes, there is not the slightest truth in anY -.ore allegations ; and! can only look upon it as ono endeavour to blacken my name, unless he is creatint, correspondence for political purposes." Mr. Lewis.—! shall be quite ready to leave it not. public whether I have done it for political purposes or Other witnesses, who spoke to watching for nior poachers being entered in the journals as " watching suspected persons" were called. The inquiry was adjourned till Friday.

THE FAMILY TONIC. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is an excellent prePtio ration which contains in happy combination the ftfago principles of the most highly valued medicinal P known to modern science. It combines in a nwst rep cessful manner the fruits of modern scientific re 5231,0 with the simplicity of the old "household recipes: of rasult is the production known as the Perfectia of Medicinal Preparation :—safe, certain, and harmleSS;# such nature that the weakest and most delicate 1133:1 it without risk of injury, while the strongest au,' InAss robust will find it a valuable aid in time of need. up- safe and trustworthy family tonic medicine it i 5 equalled. Care should, however, be exercised in seccer ing this and no other preparation. Its almost es tional success, and its great and increasing poPulafort have led to a tiost of imitations, none of which, 110pive possess the peculiar virtues of Gwilym Evans' (Pit ge Bitters, universally acknowledged to be the Ilesw•ner medy of the Age,' for affections of the Chest, Incilv tion, Liver Disorders, Nervousness, and DebilitYtho every form. No family should be without it at season of the year. ere 3 Read the following testimony of one who had Sli- fer seven years.

GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.,I4 Mrs. Captain Davies, Steam Packet, Llanely, April 18,1889, states—" I feel it a duty as we' wee pleasure to inform you of the great benefit Ire through using your excellent preparation, Gwilym Quinine Bitters. lam 57 years old, and for upWsl-ler seven years have suffered greatly from btonchitis. ing that period I have consulted several medical ?:,erB and have taken many kinds of prescriptio4is but alt ineffectual in affording me relief. At last I bec_rfico.l ill that for four months my breathing was very (.‘,looaw and at times I was nearly suffocated. For weeks -"„tiel) eat no solid food, nor could I attempt to sleep exce•Yearee sitting posture. It was painful to people in the opt room to hear me gasping for breath. At times 1. til° I could not live five, minutes. When in this low tilt dition I was urged to try your noted Quinine Pitterg,loa as so many doctors and stich a number of remeto,s failed to afford me relief, I had but little faith innoroy; ',commenced. But I soon felt that I was slowir se" ing and resolved to persevere with the Quinine Ili tters,,nte in a short time I could enjoy refreshing sleep, n'-va..,,PP‘lO was returning, and my cough becoming lees seve,ti/ecioe; my breathing became much easier. I continued leP of the Bitters until I felt that bronchitis had entirelLeo me, I am now as well as ever, but believe that I 51vfor have been in the grave before this had it not „00"; Gwilyin Evans Quinine Bitters. I trust this test"oftu will encourage others who suffer from this malady to give a fair trial to what has proved s° ficial to me.—Your gratefully Samar GWILYM EVANS QUININE BITTERS. Ask Pt the for Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters, and see th° name Gwilym Evans is on Label, Stamp, and resre3 Every Bottle sent out of the Laboratory is Pr' according to his recipe and under his direct . or ment. • Sold by all Chemists in 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. bottlet.'oo direct from the proprietors, carriage free IV Pa- Post. PROPRIETORS. f QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO' Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADE RIOT AT LEEDS.

. CONFLICT BEIWEEN THE POLICE AND STOKERS. 010„t The lockout of the gas stokers at Leeds is causiner, ev inconvenience, the firms using gas power being n'opeL stopped, while hotels and restaurants dependin„g of gas for their cooking are at a standstill. Man". is new hands from London, Manchester, and other PoiS, have been induced to join the men locked out. „ however, was not brought about without a seriotyfe several hundred policemen having a hand to hal' torte6' with the crowd outside the gas Works, in which s ,rhe sticks, bottles, and other missies were freely usntl'no, Struggle is described as having been a very fierce the front ranks of the crowd there was a confose'felle° of men struggling with the constables, many beingervio; to the ground. How long the fight lasted is uric an° Some of the spectators say it was short, sharPootbee decisive, lasting only from four to five minutes. ,ariag accounts put the time at nearly half an hour, ,_"ehoet6 which the thoroughfare was blocked. Hats and IL ,reata itil were knocked off, and sticks and staves fell w force on unprotected heads. After the riotin, when the strikers had been dispersed, bleact'lle presented an extraordinary appearance, and was smeared with blood which had flowed frorn sustained by those engaged in the fight. tO. doe' WOMAY, why work so hard? " Susm " oux SOAP 100 Try it.—Adct. ty • To OVERCOME WEAXNESB.—Pepper 8 1211iRale Tonic gives New life, Appetite, Health Strength, _ ze• Cures Neuralgia, Indigestion, Nerve Debility. Bottle', nsist on having Pepper's Tonic.— &It. a DISOWNED IN A BC7C/lET OF WATEIL—AII .rin a 01., held at Felkestone, on Saturday, on the bodY n.deotal aged 18 months, named Graves, who was acci jai 01,1 drowned. The child was playing in a roonl lush it other children, and in looking into a bucket, W tself °c,t contained six inches of water, overbalanced cerdi fell in. When discovered it was quite dead. •at of "Accidental death" was returned. Net Ici°the A DELIGUTPTJL FLAVOUR. Cracroft's Paste; by using this delicious Aromatic DclibedP Enamel of the Teeth becomes white, sound, wad Pc)W" Ivory. It 13 exceedingly fragrant. —4ldrt.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
' TRE

===== 0002601_18900705_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18900705_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
or f 3 had tileo; The has, Ltion; ' uad stieb )kas tre, %g„lev h Gou 40t ooe, tro, wh,

Rot 11.

Nve_ to , 24t Grc,

tai for tic D.r

th( Btr rig as ero. thz tie to 100 ter

===== 0002601_18900705_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18900705_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
TIrERATAL RAILWAY COLLISION AT

EABLESTOWN. TIIE SIGNALMAN BEFORE TEE NEWTON 'MAGISTRATES.

.... At the Newton .Petty Sessions, on Saturday, John Sankey, of Winwick. - a signalman in the employ of he London and North-Western Railway: Company in the Warrington Junction box at Earlestown sta- tion, Was brought up on remand, charged with eausino' the death of James Goulden, an engine driver,by a railway collision, at Earlestown, on the 20tb June. The magistrates present were Colonel, fieerge McCorquodaleI Me T. J. Gillespie, and Mr. Gooch. Superintendent Weir prosecuted, and ale Pri r. A. Browne (Warrington), appeared on behal2 of soner. Mr. Browne remarked that be under- Stood the police were intending to apply for a fur- tiler remand until after the inquest, which was to .8 held at Warrington, on the following Tuesday. l'ikS the rePtesentative of tbe signalman, Mr. Sankey, had no objection to a renaand on the same bail that be had been allowed out on to that day.— Su • permtendent Weir said Sankey was charged with ;ausing the death of Goulden, an engine driver. bleie prisoner was a pointsman, and it appeared that - thtween eleven and twelve o'clock on the night of the 20th June, Goulden, as the driver of - a ba t k engine, had assisted a goods train up to Earles- -138c7n. He was returning and, when near to the prisoner's x Goulden called out to the pilsoner and asked if the •wae Was clear. The prisoner replied that it was, but , ‘,.l,?ether that was through ignorance or• otherwise he V_'r• Weir) was not able to say. A collision took place • eet `Teen Goulden's engine and another engine which was lip the line, with the result that Goulden was Itilared and was taken to Warrington Infirmary, where 11? died on Monday morning. Mr. Browne had informed un that he did not require any evidence and would not 13?se a remand. He therefore asked that the prisoner 1.144'4 be remaeded until Wednesday next to the War- Petty Sessions.—Mr. Browne said he did not Z3Pose the remand, so long as the prisoner was admitted , bail on the same sureties as before.—The Bench nnianded the prisoner accordingly, and he was again *omitted to each, bail' himself in £5O, and two sureties of £2.5 TM" ~. , . --, ADJOURNED INQUEST' AT WARRINGTON. en Tuesday morning Mr. S. Brighouse, coroner for .ei utb-west I,ancashire, resumed the inquiry into the , ,wrhumstances of the death of the driver James Goulden, aatieb occurred under circumstances previously _briefly bieclileol, and now gone into at length. The jury assem- eleVen o'clock at the Warrington Bridewell, to Vaere the inquiry had been adjourned, and Mr. John Laarrison was the foreman. Mr. Preston. solicitor to the rjuiPany, Chester ; Mr. Bland, solicitor to the coMpanv, snaale-st• ; Mr. Shaw, district superintendent, Lyme-sE., Whale, locomotive-superintendent; Crewe, Western ed Railway lwinaqyuiry on behalf of the London and North 1 Company. Mr. A. Browne, solicitor, 1 aaa'rrington, appeared on behalf of the signalman John 1 akey. Safo jar re proceeding to take evidence, the coroner and „_Y inspected plans of the locality where the accident •'n''larred, which were explained by Mr. Preston. . depeter Goulden, of 28, linutsford-read, Warrington, szNsed that he was the son of the deceased, who was,' rF" Years of age, was a *co/motive engine driver, and ed at 14 Pauf-st., Warrington. By Mr. Browne: MY er and Sankey were on the best of terms. Joseph Street, (19), 153 Winwick-st, Warrington, an la tne cleaner at the Warrington sheds bf the London and e„' " • Railway Co., said that at 6.30 on the Friday night in i,attion hejoined the engine of the deceased and worked 4t ""„llina as stoker. The engine assisted a goods train, 4ta 41.40, up Vulcan bank to Earlestown junction. He ti PPed his engine by the number 7 Warrington junc- lx°,ll X. The engine light stopped opposite the signal , eat They were on the up-line—the line nearest to the I. • ttelu., and just by it. At that time John Sankey was en. .signal man in the box. There was no one on the e except deceased and witness. They changed the , ne lamps, putting the red lamp on the front of the tTader. Deceased asked Sankey if it was all right for 1 li,e,rll to go dcwn the bank. Sankey replied" all right ; „Tit assay.,, That was before Young the station rnas- Z, got en the engine, but he got on almost immediately en'erwards. Witness did not know where Young had Ine from or whether he had come from the box. De- lesis ed start!ed the engine, and they went down the bank. h *less , attended to the brake, and the first intimation ilnad of the danger was the collision itself' he neither .7,;•rd nor saw anything to lead him to think that they , ere on the wrong line. They came into collision with ad, train that was approaching them. Witness was ren- fZed unconscious, and when he came to himself he th nd himself on the six foot, having been thrown off box. Witness returned to Sankey's box, mad ';'-'d to him, "Sankey, you have turned us on to the 4,..Pne line and we have come into collision with another , it-ilf:due.:' Sankey replied "It is my fault, as I have Imtried you on the wrong line." By Mr. Browne: Soon starting they usually felt going over the crosa-over ati, but on the night in question witness did not Onember it. The • deceased would be with his 4„'t hand on the lever, facing the train eProaching him. Witness, in the course of further dlcaulination by Mr. Browne, described the position of ,• ~,, e engine, and the respective positions of the men who Upon it. Witness believed that the night was a one. He was facing the approaching train, but did 4: see it. He knew there were rules for the engine , Ivers, but he had never studied them. He could not 17 Whether the words used by Sankey were "Good God, Drsa,re I turned you on the wrong line ?" Witness at this • at appearing confused and upset, he was put back for tune to collect himself. • s,Theinas Young, stationmaster at Earlestown Junction 14-atioo for upwards of 26 years, was the next witness. We recollected Friday, the 20th last month, and knew the tihgual box in question, which was about 200 yards from tv,e station. Witness was visiting the men all round, in t'le course of his duty, to give the signalman a special tne,ssage. He gave Sankey a special train notice in regard vii,lbe Royal train. The instruetions were in print and n 'less also gave them verbally. The light engine came z 1), and witness got on the engine to go to Winwick thunetion. Goulden said "Sankey, are you ready:" and I,Lie latter replied "All right, James, right away.' The nttention was to go over cross-ovar point No. 1, and get to the up-line to Warrington. They went 500 rihr 600 yards before the collision occurred. Witness liad riot the slightest idea that they were on the wrong 1411 e• It was a mystery to him that the driver did not it (iri'• Personally, witness took the word of the signal- , ail and sat down. Sankey was a particularly careful, fpletual, and steady man; there could not be a better. bile box was not a difficult one to work. Sankey would tive had nothing to do just prior to the engine leaving ti e box. He would, of course, have to study the instruc- but there was plenty of time for that.. Witness 4tiad gone down many a time and had -never known of a mistake occurring before.—By Mr. Preston.: It tas a dull night, and there was no moon.—By Mr, re,wne : Sankey had been at the same signal box for „11teen years. He was perfectly sober, and witness had eer known him in his life to taste anything intokicating. 111Iden and Sankey were the best of friends. It was always easy to tell when an engine went over a cross- ater line, especially if a train was going slow. Mr. °Wne was proceeding with his cross-examination, When ti The Coroner said that it was admitted that Goulden ens on the wrong line, and the question was as to how nc,',.aree about that Sankey allowed him to go ;there, and as to whether the driver could have discovered that vN!as on the wrong line. nt ,v itness, in answer to a further question, said that one Lit the rules of the Company said " An engine driver must paart and stop his train carefully, and without a jerk, and t„ss along the proper line, which in the case of an ordi- v'rY double line is to the left-hand side of the permanent avls;.in the direction in which the engine is travelling." ills itness Street, recalled, said that he in the first / ttauee told the police that Sankey said "It is my fault; ~ ever turned the points." That was the correct state- -.eat w? °}ln Taylor, Bradley-road, Newton, pointstnan at the , he'4%vinic junction box, said that on the night in question to Irv's on his way to pass the Vulcan bank box, and go ot „Inwick, when he saw the Holyhead goods train pass th;-ue way to Manchester. He heard a crash, and found 'r„e hai been a collision between the Holyhead goods thg.tle and the light engine. The light engine had struck fowather engine tender first. Goulden was down on the )s, 'Plate of his own engine, unconscious. His left leg "' broken,and his right was among the coals. Help %salved, medical men came to the scene, and Goulden vas taken to the Warrington Infirmary. Signalmen Rot" Pay special attention to the circular about the trya.l train going through, one of which Sankey received II: witness Young just before the accident. gala ~,r-hur, William Day, signalman at the Vulcan bank box the at the Holyhead goods train would pass him on WFI-3, to Manchester. Witness gave a goods train 'ea.dy s Rot an to the Warrington junction No. lat 11.48, and answer in the usual form that the line was clear. 1.1.6e5s then gave the Holyhead goods, which passed at Was ,•,_and was also accepted. The place of collision 'a7ste°ut half-way between the two boxes. Mistakes , Tiriable to be made by anyone. to'-'_erseant Longworth, of the Newton police, deposed aciArresting the signalman Sankey, on Tuesday, June Goti, ne charged him with having caused the death of 4 Sankey, the signalfnan, who lives at Winwick, en, and Sankey replied, "Yes ; that is right." elen't" aiaid th t° give evidence. In answer to Mr. Browne he for . at he had worked for the company for 31 years, tioneghteen of which he had worked at the box in ques- D. 1,1.1. Ile went on duty.on the 20th of June, at 10.10 the .„„ Mr. Young gave witness the instructions as to • atsnet7al train. Mr. Young explained the printed in- right al°"8- Goulden, on the engine, said, "Are you as /qr. ,„ay, John ?" and witness replied, "Yes, as soon ettaine 19ung gets on." When Mr. Young got on the that a., witness was at the window. He turned to see lie ,ie Points were all right, and believed them to be so. Whag'....under the impression that he pulled the lever to the "Ir. Young was going from the door of the box iooite•hetongine. When Mr. Young was on the engine he ter rnake doubly sure and thought that the mat- right, The ' words used by witness subsequently

===== 0002601_18900705_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
were, " Good God, haven't I turned the points ?",. He also said, "Yes, it's all right," to the sergeant.—By Mr. Preston: It was his impression that he had turned the 'light engine nn to the proper line. The only instructions in regard to the Royal train were that he was to let no train or engine pass after a certain time; He and Goulden were always the best of friends.' He had never known the points to fly back. The Coroner, in addressing the jury On the evidence laid before them, said that he presumed that the jury would be satisfied that the deceased came by his death at the hospital at Warrington on the 23rd June, from injuries received in consequence of the light engine of which he was in charge coming into collision with the Holyhead expiess train. He also presumed that they would be agreed that the collision took place in conse- quence of the light engine running, by some means or other, on the down-line towards Warrington instead of on the up-line. If they were agreed on these points the only issue to determine was as to the conduct of the man John Sankey, the person in charge of the signal box. In other words, they had to say whether they tbought the death had been brought about by negligence on the part of Sankey, and if they did find that it had been so brought about, it was for them to determine what sort el negligence it was—whether it was censurable, or whether it was of such a grave character as to justify them in calling it culpable, and sending him for trial for manslaughter. Sankey was not an inexperienced signalman. He had been in the employ of the Com- pany for a great number of years, and during the whole of that time had borne a most exemplary character, and had carried out the duties in connec- tion with the office faithfully and well. But they knew that human nature was not infallible. Sometimes, notwithstanding all the care and skill that were brought to bear, something might happen that they were not aware of, and then it came in the character of an acci- dent. It was no doubt his duty, since he had had corn- , munication from James Goulden, to pull over a lever marked 29. His next operation, when the train had proceeded to its destination, would be to turn the lever back again. Mr. Young left the box, and Sankey said that he was under the impression that he pulled the lever so as to enable the light engine to go in the proper direction. As a matter of fact he was under a wrong impression and thelever was not turned. In this case there should have been four levers turned, and it was quite easy for a man turning round to look to think that there were four when there were only three. If they thought that Sankey emitted to do his duty, the ques- tion arose whether he was negligent in the omission. Was his omission one of negligence, or want of judgment, or Was it brought about by carelessness. If they thought Sankey honestly believed that he had turned the lever, he could not see how they could say there had been negligence. It was impossible for a man to go on year after year performing a duty without something hap- pening over which hehad no control—that might happen notwithstanding all the care and ability he brought to bear. If they thought Sankey did what he could, and that by some inadvertence the omission took place, it amounted to a misadventure, and they must relieve Sankey from blame in the matter. If they thought there was negligence, censurable or criminal, they must bring in a verdict accordingly. After a brief retirement the jury returned a verdict to the effect that their unanimous opinion was that the de- ceased died from injuries received in a collision inadver- tently brought about by John Sankey omitting to turn the points—in other words " Death from misadventure." The Coroner: That is a verdict with which I entirely COELCUT.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
-THE CASE BEFORE THE WARRINGTON MAGISTRATES.

At two o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, after the ordinary business of the Warrington County Petty Ses- sional Court had been concluded, Superintendent Weir said that they would proceed with the case against John Sankey, the signalman. Mr. Browne said that he was rather surprised to hear the police say that they were going on with the case. Their worships (Messrs. P. Stubs and J. Tinsley) would perhaps know that on the previous day the Coroner's inquest was held, and the unanimous verdict of the jury was•that the death was one of misadventure, and no blame was attached to. Sankey. The Coroner Mr. Brighouse, entirely concurred with the verdict. He did not see any good in going on with the case, for there was no probability of getting any conviction from the grand jury. Superintendent Weir: The prisoner was placed in a certain position, and his duty was to do certain things which he faller to do, and his failure resulted in the death of a person. Mr. Browne Yes, but it must be a culpable negli- gence of such duty. The jury unanimously found that there was none. Mr. Stubs said that he believed that the police had no option in the matter but to go on, seeing that the man had been apprehended. Mr. Browne : Yes, but it is only a waste of time. Mr. Weir: Of course, the Court will understand that I have no object to serve beyond public justice. The Bench decided to proceed with the case, and see if a prima facie one was made out, and Sankey, who sur- rendered to his bail, was then formally charged with having caused the death of Goulden. The witnesses called at the inquiry on Tuesday re- peated their evidence, the only other witness called be- ing Dr. Ernest E. Bowden, house surgeon at the Warring- ton Infirmary, who stated that about two o'clock on the morning of the 21st June, deceased was admitted to that institution in an unconscious condition. He had a large bruise on the left thigh, the bone of which was fractured. There was also some brain injury, which he considered to be laceration of the brain. Goulden re- mained unconscious up to the time of his death, which took place on the morning of the 23rd ult. The cause of death was laceration of the brain and general shock. In his opinion the injuries would be caused by a violent collision. • Mr. Browne, addeessing the magistrates for the defence, asked them to discharge his client. He com- mented on the finding of the Coroner's jury, arrived at after an exhaustive investigation, at which plans were submitted and inspected. The police were not serious in the prosecution, or they would have produced plans, as was customary. The act of Sankey was simply one of omission. He had been 31 years in the employ of the Company, who reposed every confidence in him. Mr. Weir said that it was not customary, to produce plans at preliminary Inquiries. The Chairman said that after carefully considering the case, they dismissed the charye against Sankey. The police could not under the circumstances have with- drawn the charge, but were bound to bring it before the Bench.

THREATENED CRISIS IN THE TELL-

GRAPH SERVICE. . The Central News says a serious crisis in the telegrayh service is threatened, the clerks at the chief office having , decided that they will no longer work overtime. The Office is already undermanned, and the average number of hours of overtime per week is from 700 to 900. A general refusal to work overtime will, therefore, very seriously affect the despatch of public business, and will in any case throw the department into confusion by the admission of the Postmaster-General himself in Parlia- ment that the working of overtime is not compulsory, and that the clerks are acting within their legalrights in refusing to perform it. Their contention is that, while they vainly ask for the redress of just and admitted grievances, the authorities have no cause for complaint if they decline to go out of their way to perform duties not imposed upon them by law or by the condition of their service.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
FLOODING OF A WELSH MINE.

NARROW ESCAPE OF COLLIERS,

The Welsh newspapers report an alarming accident at the Dinas Steam Coal Collieries, Rhondda Valley, vhere four hundred miners have experienced miraculous escapes from drowning. It appears that for a period of twenty years water has been accumulating in an aban- doned shaft adjoining the Dinas Colliery, and while t he miners were at work in the four, six, and ninefeet seams there was a sudden rush of water from the dead work- ings. The volume increased in force and came rushing along the workings like a torrent. An alarm was raised throughout the colliery, and the miners, numbering about four hundred, hurried wildly from their work. Intense excitement prevailed Among the men, and it was feared at one time that large numbers would be engulfed. Fortunately, however, the imperilled miners escaped along the higher workings and reached the pit mouth in safety. Great anxiety was felt by the officials at the sur- face, and every endeavour was made to rescue the men, who were speedily drawn to the surface. Work is sus- pended until all danger is at an end.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FATAL ACCIDENT AT DALLAII

---- FORGE. On Wednesday afternoon Mr. W. T. Husband, Ideputy-coroner for South-west Lancashire, held an inquiry at the Bridewell Parade-room, touching the death of John Robinson (55), of 15, Wright-st., Howley, where he resided with a married daughter. The evidence adduced showed that the deceased was working at Hallam Forge on Tuesday morning, when he was crushed by an iron bell, weighing 3 tons 7 cwt., which was in course of being finished. One of the witnesses stated that he was on a ladder, fastening a chain to the inner side of the bell, and the deceased was working under the bell. Witness thought deceased must have pulled out some pack- ing, which caused the bell to topple over and crush him against some columns. He Was liberated as soon as possible, and a messenger was despatched for Dr. Adams, but on his arrival he pronounced that life was extinct. The Coroner thought that the jury could come to no other conclusion than that the death was caused by an accident, and, the jury- men being of the same opinion, returned a verdict to that effectiv Mr. T. Morris and Mr. Atherton attended the fhquiry on behalf of the proprietors of the works, and said that some provision would be made for the family of the deceased.

A PHYSICIAN'S GIFT. ADVICE TO YOUNG CI MEN, SUFFERERS front NERVOUS AILMENTS, lost ENERGY, and APPETITE, general Weakness and Depression, Sleeplessness, Pear, Defective Memory, Confu- sion, Trembling, Palpitation, Blushing, Pimples, Shyness, Indigestion, Fainting Fits, Pains in the back, Misery, Melan- choly. Asc. AND THOSE ABOUT TO MAURY, should see the New MediCal Work, just out. Post Free three stamps.— Address " Medieus," 7, Tavistook-street, Bedford-square, London W.

Shyness, '9, Mel -

===== 0002601_18900705_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, TULY 5, lB9O The Plain Truth

GOLD MEDAL HEALTH EXHIBITION, LONDON. AND HIQHBST AWARD ADELAIDE, 1887

KEATIN G'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Maths, Beetles

KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

WORMS IN CHILDREN, WORMS IN CHILDREN, Are easily, surely, and with perfect safety got rid of by using KEATING'S WORM TABLETS. Nearly all children suffer CORNS & BUNIONS.— A Gentleman, many from Worms. If suspected, do not wait, you can with ease years tormented with Corns, will be happy to afford cure the child (has no effect except on. Worms). Sold by all others the information by which he obtained their complete I chemists, in Tins, Is. lid. each. removal in a short period without pain or inconvenience. Send address on stampedenvelope to S. P. WOOLIATT, Esq., Ware.Herts. This is no quack imposture.

ONE BOX OF CLARKE S B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the urinary organs in either sex (acquired or constitutional), gravel, and pains in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold In boxes, 4s 6d each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the world; or sent to any address for 60 stamps by the makers, Tan 141/SCOLN and MIDLIND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln.

MOWLE'S PERTYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for I_ Females, quickly correct all irregularities, remove all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes is. lid. and 2s. bd. of all chemists. sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, E. T. TOWLE. Chemist. Nottingham.

IEFORE PURCHASING Wai

===== 0002601_18900705_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
p eaflirdo2.24

w.a.TOIES

tee the Best Vatue,.tho Strongest, most Durable, and Finest Timeketwa ever made, TESTIMONIALS FROM THOUSANDS of Owners now wing them in all parts of the world. 9

ATCHES Made on an Improved System. Not liable to failtra, giving Extra Strength, crentir freedom from acciaentsand Reduced Cost of Manniactura.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
AU-11 „ lamor:4,

LADY'S

===== 0002601_18900705_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
cat b `.4 "L'OPATE" t'" .7 TCH

Cheapest and Best Erglish, I^ver ever wele c;.:*; th. 3 prl;:C.

In Siliel

Best • • EngliJi. tever,;ally - . Chronothe:ter -,3art•F•j, -r • • Patent Proetalns,. , ' • Specially recomniendtid for ladies' wear, An Exat,7; rnekerpor, Thousands laavo been sod. Alvelute:7 the Ilast-Value mad& • Price 7115., in Massive! 'Set. Gold Crystal. Glass, ~ . , In Sterlinci Silver Cases, V.,5 53. Periorturmcc warranted. Sent free and safe to all parts of the world. v,y 2/2 C?/9 61.4 fi 6141159 WATCH

The Strongest, Best, and Cheapest English Lever ever made for Cs in. Unoq- lled for A LonTaey, Durability, and Value.

Best London made Three-quarter Plato • English Lever, Jewelled throughout. Chronotaeter Balance, Enlarged Barrel. Patent Dust and Damp Proof Ring Band. Keeps better time than, and is double the Strength and Value of any £5 55. Watch yet made. In Three Sizes.. Small (as illustrated) for Gentlemen and Youths. Medium for Working Men generally. and Large for Miners and Railway men. In M.a.,44Ve Sterling Silver Cases, with Crystal Glas £5 65. In 18dt. Gold Crystal Glass Cases Gentlemen's size, £l2 123. Performance warranted. TESTIMONIALS from THOUSANDS of WEARERS. Bent free and safe to all parts of the world. A7l-:€4240n1

Will send the above Watches, together with Warranty for correct performance, to any part of the world. free and at his risk, on receipt of P. 0.0., payable at G.P.0., Bank Draft, or Cash. OLOCKS for the house, of every kind, in great variety and of the newest designs, from £1 to £5OO.

nEEURCH and TURRET CLOCKS.—Estimates Na and advice free. Just completed the Great Clocks for Portsmouth Town Hall, Ashton-under- Lyne Parish Church, and many others.

PLATE, both for 'presentation and household use. In Sterling Silver and Electro Plate. The prettiest patterns and best quality, at moderate prices. JEWELLERY, in fine Gems or Plain Gold of best London make. Many thousands o novelties at manufacturers' prices. ENGAGEMENT RINGS, in endless variety, set Ctith the finest Gems, and of best London make. "Speciality" Brilliant Rings, at £5, £lO, and £2O. 'Selections free on receipt of reference. - - •

- - BENSONS' PAMPHLET, the largest and best of its kind, containing nearly 200 pa ges of Prices and Illustrations of every class of WATCHES, CLOCKS, CHAINS, JEWELLERY, PLATE and TURRET CLOCKS, sent post free on application to A„„„73‘„/„, s7t4a9b.

MAKER TO IL 2.[1. THE QUEEN and ROYAL FAMILY, The ADIfIRALTY, WAR OFFICE, INDIA OFFICE, etc., etc.,

THE STEAM FACTORY, 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, Norton House, La Belle Sauvage Yard, and 1, Boy Court, 8.C.; - 28,Royal Exehan ge, & West End Hulse, 25, Old. Bond Street, W., X.01V31)010T.

WATCH, &c., CU:MS.—These Clubs were first originated by J. W. Benson over 40 years ago. Applications invited for Agencies. Full particulars post free.

RSELL'S GOLD & SILVER WATCHES, . their own pure English manufacture, vithsU Russell's latest patented improvements, range in price from £3 to £35. They are handsome, strong, and perfect timekeepers; represent the largest Stock and best value in England', there being no intermediate profit between the menu- , facturer and the wearer. Sent free everywhere at Russell's risk and cost on receipt of draft de post o, der. Illustrated Pamphlet sent free on application.

V ATM ' REPAIRS PROMPT AND PERFECT. lissimates given and cost of eirriage taken.

rIIRE LARGEST STOCK OF DIAMOND, _l_ WM. ENGAGEMENT Arm WEDDING ItINGS. Finger-siz 3 Card sent free on ap

I. R. RUSSELL, MAKER 7.9 TB & QuEszi. . DItAl WoitS. 11)Ite4-ST LI V ESPOOL,

MANUFACTURERS OF DECORATIVE AND ART FURNITURE.

GPTE:ITZAL

TRIAL.

!BALES HANDY

112 TO THE TON

ASK FOR

!troTATIoNs

ar Cases • :E3 18.;!... Gall Cases 7 , P • . e. (.... ~ - Zcz ,40..!•_.7''''...t.: • ' ' (19/A k .‘• ` A ( 1 A ' L , , T.trin::::llMS•d?,: `Ca-,7e-ci sazter 7 :ail N.. 7- •:,4,7,,,a,;::

.avaallt. In Silver Cases In 18ot. Goli Cases ,C , ..4- _‘.,,,,::• ' ilr (0,,,,, /2-1) ..._..i 4,,,,,,,,.,...4i ~ i•Ntp1i.,,,,.. . • ~, \ \ •-- - 7 , ,-, `• 1 i-!.„ A (

_. .-,..,--,..nr- ' ' ';:ir.,,,,...... *4' ?`• ." cw, •; . - ~,, y ,111.1:404--jf:-Thl i .b: %.'7.l°` .it.'' ;LI t 0, i ~,,,...... ; „• . : , : ; -,,..a.-, - . 1 ..-sr-' ---. .17....CtILIRCH•ST•LIVE

===== 0002601_18900705_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
'ENT NACHILNK

KNETT'S MOSS Ll

;OMPANY, LIMITED, GOOLE.

O STABLE TS COMPLETE WITHI

S,E an. JOHNSON. ritomohlasnlitoolciltoi4lo4l e z;:,49,414W44W pe.vr,..- ~- ''''''' ' f-1,-4,4-lia7r ,;•• , -ttPitg g:- BY PATI?'" ,RY.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
FOE BEDDING

HORSES,

CATTLE, PIGS,

POULTRY, &C.

QuALrry

UNSURPASSED.

CoLoua.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
LLIMAN'S

FOR SPRAINS, CURBS, AND SPLINTS WHIN FORMING. POR OVER•REACHNS, CHAPPED HEELS. WIND (ULLA. TOR RHEUMATISH IN HORSES. OR SORE THROATS AND INFLI7ENZA. TON lIROZYN &NEES, BRUISES, CAPPED HOCIDE NOR SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS. roa SPRAINS. CUTS, BRUISES IN DOGS.

indileenimMe in any stable, but especially in tho atablo of a Master of Hounds. HADDINGTON, 'Master of Berenckshlre Itounda,

ELLIMAN'S ROYAL EMBROCATION Sold by Chemlstn nnd Saddlers. Prise 2g..2a. U., Oa. ed. Prepared only by ELLIbILIi, SONS, & CO., Slough, li.nac

MANS UNIVERSAL EMBROCATIO'

RHEUMATISM. LU M BACO.*

only by EWMAN,SONS&Q,

Prepared

N'SNONS-S.'

WOODS PATENT GALVANISED STEEL • Wire it& obt-tre s s as, WITH FRENCH & PERSIA! ISTEADS COMPLETE

Housemaid: "Oh, Missis, the boys are all playing leap-frog on .that beautiful wire mattress. I'm sure they'll smash it, if you don't stop them I" Mistress : "You need have no fear, Jane, the six boys cannot possibly do it any harm; it is a Woods' patent, and I have seen it carry a ton weight."

During 1889 we sold for Domestic and Hospital use 5,500 Wire Mattresses.

si, Tottenham Court lid., London ; icaB, Bold St., Liverpool. If you cannot be supplied by your Howe Furnislier, send for a Book of Designs and Prima to the Works direct. We pay Carriage, and allow Liberal Dieeounta for Cash. The LONGFORD WIRE COMPANY, LIMITED, Warrington.

HOLTIIONDO'S 0 LEAGINE An unrivalled bait for attracting all fish both in river or sea. This marvellous and infallible bait always preserves its great efficacy, however long it may be kept. Price post tree Single ,Bottle, 3s. ; Treble Buttle, 6s. Apply to E. F. Attsis, 100, Great ltussell Street,

_EcHAux's AUTOMATIC FISH ST R IK ER. WONDERFUL INVENTION. —PlaCe this automatic Fish Striker above your hooks, and all fish biting at your bait will be instantaneously caught. It never fails. Price post free: Single, ls. 9d.; strong, 2s. 6d. ; strongest, 3s. 6d. Apply to E. F. ALLAIS, at the above address.

MAREIw D LADY has invaluable Harmless RECIPE for LADIES. Atam'ped addressed euvelopeior particulars. Innosonore Ledge, Listowel, Ireland._

#°•Pc.!* -- te. Vr:- , ~-#,....... g kil 740,4 t '.4:j 'Illt:c L ''. L al ENICII2._ ;5 L, I.ZAND 1w li I. '1 tlcrii •;4at„.,.,,,, _ ft'.:;;:.--. ' ac" L'.:_"IEIVIBROCATIONAA'

,Slou6.Eng,l

.-

.N BEDSTE, . , , lilt \ , iOle.,pij 1 1 i.t. t ,;•i, il _ . • r. si, .e A 1 , ,3---z,k. , .: .... 1`...:..,;.. .. ?1, ig , N \ ,-.'" _,..p, , I), mtprmlN:raf r ki . q t; u --,.;•,:',7-..,.-. . ~.4...4.. 1 1!111 , ; 70.....„ \\ \"i\:;7777f,i,',N;'N, )I'' '-\ ' • ;Asllol 1, 1 1' ,\ \Of ' '4ll :'""—:--r-'--- i vif...,..... , ..__,_...---.....

Cis i 01 c 1111110 t ' c:',', *.•-•‘: _ -0 et,-- --"'-' L ondon, W.C. D

===== 0002601_18900705_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r

===== 0002601_18900705_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
BOVRIL FROM PURE IIEEF ONLY BOVRIL A DELICIOUS BRVERAGE BOVRIL For Athlete.s, Sportsmen, Bth. BOVRIL For Invalids. BOVRIL Served in Cutpssat Hotels, Restaur- SOLD BY ALL GROCERS, CIIBUISTS, ANP STORES.

MANCHESTER AGENCY : 88 MOSLEY-STREET. LIVERPOOL: 46 STANLEY-STREET. PARIS: 51{UE DE PALESTRO. HEAD OF VICES. 30. FARRINGDON-ST., LONDON. E.O

THE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD

(Late John Nunnerley and Co., Ltd.), BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. VELINHELI, PENRHYN, AND CARNARVON SLATES CEMENT, LIME, BRAIN PIPES, Ping BRICKS, TILES. and every other kind of Builders' Materials kept in stock at our Arpley Wharf, or sent by Road, Rail, or Vessel to any Town or Port in the United Kingdom, SOLE AGENTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CEMENT CO. Telephone -Co. 19. Telegraphic Address: " Arnim" Warrington.

THE PENXY POST JUBILEE.

SOCIAL MEETING AT WARRINGTON POST OFFICE.

In connection with the Jubilee of the Penny Post " social" was held, on Wednesday evening, in the dining rooms of the Head Post Office, Warrington, about seventy persons being present. In the absence of the Postmaster, (Mr. Kerry). who was away at the Conversazione at South Kensington, the Chief Clerk (Mr. Broadhurst) presided, and in open- ing the proceedings referred to the object of the gather- ing. The Post Office, he said, had become a most im- portant element in the commercial and social world, and the 50th anniversary of the Penny Post which had caused such a developement of general business should scarcely be allowed to pass unnoticed, more especially as Jubilees -were the order of the day, and it was a matter for con- gratulation that the question had been taken up in such a spirited way at head-quarters. He was sure they all appreciated the endeavours which were being made in the interests of the widows and orphans. (Hear, hear.) No doubt there were some hundreds of cases of distress which the Rowland Hill Fund had been unable to reach and he thought their superiors had acted wisely-intaking • that opportunity of augmenting such a benevolent fund. They had not arranged any programme for that night, but they relied on all coming forward to help them with a song or something that would keep the mill going. The indefatigable Mr. Skelton was on the scene as they would see with his magic lantern. Mr. Ford had kindly undertaken to play for them, and Messrs Bennion and ! Whitfield had taken notthe least important duty in cater- ing for them. During the evening songs:were contribu- ted by Miss Gorton, and Messrs. Broadhurst (2), Jolley (3), Skelton, Leach, Bibby, and Bradshaw, the last-named causing great amusement, especially amongst the youngsters. The magic lantern was again a success, several new slides having been added, including well- known Warrington celebrities, and some good local views. At five minutes to ten an adjournment was made to the sorting-room where at a given telegraphic signal cheers were called for and heartily given for the Queen, the Postmaster, Mr. Broadhurst, and all those who had assisted in getting up the entertainment. An effort was then made by the aid of the electric light to photograph the group, but whether successful or not remains to be seen. A very pleasant evening was brought to a close by the singing of the National Anthem at 10-45 p.m.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK YOUR GROCER FOR

F LETT s MARMALADE

Testimonial from the Housekeeper of

===== 0002601_18900705_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
The Most Noble

THE DUKE OF WESTMINSTER, K.G.

"Eaton, Chester. 26th February, 1889.

"To W. H. Flett, Limited,—

" consider your Marmalade very first-rate,

and equal to the finest I have ever used.

•• Yours faithfully,

"ELIZABETH A. COOPER."

FLETT'S AI&RMALADE

trtterg to the Obitor.

THE LIBERAL PARTY IN WARRINGTON:

Sir,—You deserve the thanks of every Liberal in War- rington for your leader in last Saturday's "Examiner." It is high time the leaders of our party here bestirred themselves, for we know not how soon a general election may be upon us. Why cannot the annual ward meet- ings be held, and the committees elected to do their proper work. We have not yet filled the vacancy of President caused by the death of Mr. McMinnies. There is only one name to be suggested as our local leader. I refer to our friend Mr. John Crosfield. Let us ask him by a unanimous vote to become our President, and with him as our leader and with plenty of enthusiasm in our ranks, stimulated by the glorious victory at Barrow, and with a good candi- date, we shall certainly win Warrington for Liberalism.— Yours truly, Warrington, July 3rd.

A LIBERAL WORKER.

WARRINGTON'S OPPORTUNITY. Sir,—Mr. Caine's recent interview with a Press repre- sentative, practically amounts to an invitation to the Liberal executive of a borough like ours, to aparoach him with regard to his candidature in the Home Rule and temperance cause. His past services to the Liberal party, coupled with his expressed willingness to co-oper- ate with the party in the future in its Irish legislation, leaves it the bounden duty of the Liberal leaders to see that the proper steps are taken to make his conver- sion complete and to reinstate him once more in that party which it is evident he is sorry to have ever deserted. It is with this idea in view that I venture to suggest to the leaders of the party in Warrington, the opportunity they now have of securing perhaps the strongest candid- ate that could possibly be found to battle for us.—Yours truly,

W. KNOWLES.

St. Mary-st., July 4th. WARRINGTON BANDS. Sir,—l shall feel pleased if you will allow me a short space in your valuable paper to say a few words on the above. I was surprised to see so many bands taking part in the processions on Walking Day and wondered where they had sprung from. The people of our town should be proud to have so many good bands in their midst, and I am sure would appreciate their music more if the bands would turn out oftener and not confine themselves to the practice room. The music rcndered by the various bands was very creditable and I wonder they do not appear more in the park. The wonderful improvement in the League of the Cross band is very marked and reflects great credit on their teacher. The discipline and order in this band—which are the first marks of a good band—were much commented upon, and I have no doubt, under their able leader, they will yet makea name. But they must come out oftener. The style of marching of that band is worth imitation on Walking Day, for it prevents running and breaks in a children's procession. The Park Musical Committee complain that they do not receive sufficient subscriptions. I think this is the fault of the bands not taking the matter up and helping this deserving committee. I think a meeting of secretaries and leaders, having in view the formation of an association would be a great benefit, and if the committee would promote a contest, at the end of the season, of all local bands, in the Drill Hall, proceeds to be in aid of band fund, they would be supported by the public. -Hoping seme one more qualified will take the matter up. —I am, yours truly,

MUSICAL.

THE VACANCY IN MID-DURHAM.

At a special meeting of the Durham Miners' Federation Board at Durham, on Thursday, Mr. John Wilson, ex- MP. for Houghton-le-Spring Division, was nominnted the miners' vandidate, in room of the late Mr. Crawford. It is not expected that there will be any opposition, owing to the strength of the mining vote in the consti- tuency. Mr. John Wilson, Liberal condidate for Mid-Durham, issued his address on Friday morning. He states his opinions on the Irish question are similar tc Mr. Glad- stone's and he promises to address district meetings as soon as possible. At a meeting of the Liberal Unionists at Durham on Friday afternoon it was decided to contest Mid Dur- ham, but no candidate was selected. A. FAMILY POISONED.

4 lamentable affair is rep•rted from Dublin. On I Monday evening the wife and five daughters of Mr. James O'Connor, a Dublin journalist, on the staff of "United Ireland," after eating mussels which had been gathered near their home at Seapoint, were taken vio- lently ill, and manifested symptoms of poisoning. Medi- cal assistance was obtained, but within a few hours Mrs. O'Connor and four of her children were dead. The fifth daughter, though very ill for a time rallied, and is , expected to recover. The funeral of the victims took place at Glasnevin Cemetery, on Thursday morning, and was a most affecting spectacle. The cortege went by road from Blackrock into the city, and all along the route, which extended for several miles, many thou- sands of people assembled as a mark of respect to the bereaved husband and father. The attendance included the Lord Mayor and manv leading men and the journal- ists of Dublin. The city flag floated at half-mast. There was a great crush of people at the cemetery, thousands awaiting the arrival of the funeral. A touching inci- dent occurred in Lower Mount-st., where the coal porters on strike followed in a body, and as the funeral passed their band played the Dead March in" Saul."

A BRILLIANT idea, try what SUNLIGHT SOAP " will do next washing day.—Adst. The Royal Laundresses say Critchley's "STARCH GLOSS is unequalled for Imparting a beautifnl finish to starched linen, An., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss." Prom Mrs. —, Bradford : "Dear sir,— lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find nose equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at id. 3d.. and 6d., by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T. CRITCHLEY. Blackburn, Proprietor.—Adrt. TO TUB DRAF.—A person cured of Deafness and noises In the head of 23 years' standing by a simple remedy, will send a description of it FREE to any Person who applies to NictroLson, 21, Bedford Square, Loudon, W.C.—Advt. Mr. Proudfoot, of Veltvley, Natal, who died there recently, has bequeathed the sum of £17,000 to the working people of Moffat, Dumfrieshire. Ernest Benzon, generally known as the Jubilee Plunger, was on Thursday examined in the London Bankruptcy Court. The examination elicited very little as to the way in which Benzon's £250,000 had been squandered in eighteen months. CADBURY'S COCOA is absolutiv pure..—The Public ADS lysts have submitted CADBURY'S COCOA to close tests, and the result trls always proved its great value as a sustain- ing and nourishing beverage.—ildrt. Pepper's Taraxacum and Podophyllin, without Mercury, by stimulating the Liver with a very gentle action on the S mach, it is the safest, most reliable medicine. Booties every- where. Insist on having Pepperes.—Asicl.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
LYNill.

PROMOTION OF A VOLUNTEREL—Thn following com- mission has just been issued from the War Office :--3rd Volunteer Battalion Cheshire Regiment, Second Lieuten- ant J. E. G. Groves to be lieutenant. SWINE FP:VER.—A case of swine fever was reported to the police,on Wednesday,as having occurred at Mr. J. H. Peter's farm, Burford-lane, Lymm. This is the second case in the Lymm police division lately, one having been reported from Partington last week. A FAREWELL TEA.—On Tuesday evening the members of the congregation worshipping at Sion Chapel, Cherry. lane, invited Mrs. Burgess and Mrs. Cook, her daughter, to a farewell social tea on the occasion of their removal to Liverpool. Mrs. Burgesss has lived upwards of 45 years in the house she is now leaving at Lymm Bridge, during which time she has been a member of the above chapel.

SUCCESSFUL MARKSMEN.—At the annual shooting of the 3rd V.8.C.R., held on the Owley Wood Range, Weav- erham, on Thursday, the following Lymn Volunteers were successful in the competition for the colonel's cup : —Sergeant T. Broadley, 4th with 77, £3 ; Sergeant J. Rogerson, 6th with 76, £2; Sergeant W. Kirk. 13th with 73, 10s. ; Sergeant Bmadley also won £1 in the " drill " with the score of 40. Sergeant-instructor Callighan won £1 in the sergeant-instructor Competition. NEWFIELD MISSION.—The annual meeting in connec- tion with the Newfield Mission was held in the Lymm Institute, on Monday evening. There was a very large attendance, the Hon. and Rev. R. Grimston (clerical , superintendent of the missionaries of the Ship Canal) presiding. Amongst those present were Messrs. J. W. McGill, L. P. Nott, Richard Dutton. and the Revs. Charles Clay and William Evans. The band of the mission from Manchester was also in attendance and dis- coursed music at intervals. Speeches were delivered by Messrs. Dutton, Nott, and McGill, and the Rev. William Evans. Mrs. McGill, who has allied herself very closely with the mission, or who is, more strictly speaking, the founder of the mission, read a lengthy report of the good work which has been done since it was inaugurated. In the course of her remarks she referred to the invalu- able help she had received from Mrs. Carmichael. A most successful meeting terminated in the customary manner.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL BOARD MEETING.

The monthly meeting of this Board took place on Thursday night. Mr. Cameron presided, and there were also present Messrs. Dutton, llarrison, Rogers, Brazen- dale, Swallow, ' and Thomason • Mr. Ridgway (law clerk), Mr. Mullard (clerk), Mr. Mort (surveyor), and Mr. Severs (gas manager). THE BOARD'S OFFICES.—The minutes of a special meeting. in which it was decided to ask Mr. Battersby to sell the Board the offices in which they meet, also the cottage adjoining and the land attached thereto, were confirmed. THE POLLUTION or MASSEY Bnoox.—The Clerk stated thatin accordance with instructions he had written to Messrs. Gibson and Co., informing them that the Board had had complaints of the pollution of Massey Brook, to which he had received no answer. He had also written to Messrs. Bower and Co. to the same effect, and they replied that they were doing all in their i:ower to prevent the pollution of the brook.—A letter was read from Mr. Colin Mclver complaining of the polluted condition of , Massey Brook, and stating its condition to be very bad. Another letter was read from Mr. Peter Rowlinson, of Statham, complaining of the pollution of Thelwall Brook.—Mr. Dutton said the brook was really worse since the complaints last month to the Board. Until the rains came it was something dreadful.—Mr. Rogers said from his knowledge the complaints were not at all exaggerated.—Dr. Fox asked if either of the two gentlemen could inform him where the pollution arose. —Neither gentlemen was able to give this information. THE DOCTOR'S REPORT AS TO MASSEY BROOK.—Dr.Fox, referring in his report to Massey Brook, said the smells' had been much worse during the last few months. He submitted to the Board two samples of water taken from the brook on the 19th ult., one above the worksof Messrs. Gibson and the other below. The sample of the lower brook was the clearer of the two, but had more intensity of odour, and he had no hesitation in stating it to be poisonous •, he was under the impression, from a has analysis, that the upper water was also poisonous. Ile pointed out that the Board was the only party allowed by the Rivers Pollutions Act to undertake legal proceedings; though during the inaction of the Board it was compe- tent for anyone injured to put himself in communication with the Local Government Board, who might, on the strength of such individual report or representation hold an inquiry, and direct the local authority to institute pro- ceedings, or not to do so, as tho result of the same. He pronounced the injury to the farmers as of the gravest character, and calling loudly for determined inter- vention of the Local Authority. Mr. Dutton approved the report, and said it was very hard on the farmer whose cows had no other water todrink.— Dr. Fox said that although the Board might take pro- ceedings against the pollution of the stream at once, in cases where the legal proceedings would affect trade it was necessary to get the sanction of the Local Govern- ment Board before any action could be instituted. He further said that the Board could never have the brook kept clean and allow certain works to exist.—Mr. Cameron said Mr. Bower asserted to him that he had kept and carried out the letter of the agreemeut he made with the Board last year, and the man in charge of the filtration bore out that statement.—Mr. Dutton proposed that a letter be written to the Local Government Board asking for an inquiry into the condition of Massey Brook. —Mr. Rogers,in seconding the resolution,said it had been a burning question long enough, and their present action would settle it for good.—The resolution was adopted. THE MAINTENANCE OF MAIN ROADS.—A letter was read from Mr. Bull, the county surveyor, stating that the Main Roads Committee ot the County Council authorised the payment to the Board of the sums of £174 16s. 6d. for the maintenance of the main roads within the district of the Authority, and £22 18s. for improvements.—The Law Clerk said the Board offered to maintain the roads for £2.33 as., and the committee had taken off about a fourth. The full amount for improvements had been allewed.—A discussion followed in which the members unanimously declined to entertain the proposal of the Main Roads' Committee, and it was decided that the surveyor go to see the County Surveyor and lay the matter before him.—The Chairman said it was likely that other Authorities might make a rule of asking more than was requisite for maintenance, and the Committee had served them alike all round, but that Board only charged the exact sum out of pocket.—A letter was read from the Town .Clerk of Crewe stating that the Main Roads' Committee had cut down their estimate for main- tenance to three-quarters the amount they had asked, and their estimate for improvements to one-half. They asked if the Board would send a deputation to Crewe on the 15th inst. to meet representatives from other autho- rities, and discuss the question with a view of submitting their case to the committee, which met on the 17th inst. It was resolved that Mr. Dutton and the Survepr be a deputation to the meeting. THE Ws Woms.—The New Manager reported he would require five new retorts at once, and the remain- ing five would require renewing at an early date.—Mr. Brazendale said it was not long since they were told that there was no one like the late gas manager, and now they had a report like that.—The Chairman said it was very disappointing to have a report such as had been read, after the one they had from the late manager at the last meeting.—Orders were given for five new I 0 torts. THE OBSTRUCTIONS AT THE CROSS.—The Law Clerk said in accordance with instructions from the Board at its last meeting, he had taken counsel's opinion on the obstructions round the Cross, and the advice was that the Board ought to succeed in sustaining a prosecution. It was resolved to take further proceedings. This was all the businasi.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JULY 5, 1890

THE PLEURO-PNEUMONIA OUTBREAK.

MORE CATTLE SLAUGHTERED. There has been no further outbreak of pleuro- pneumonia reported in Warrington during the week, but preventive measures are still being taken in the country districts around Warrington, and, we under- stand that a considerable number of valuable cattle belonging to Mr. Forster, at Woolston Hall farm. were to be slaughtered yesterday. THE QUESTION OF COMPENSATION. At the meeting of the Warrington Rural Sanitary Authority, held on Friday, Mr. J. C. Sutton. a member of the Lancashire County Council, referred to the question of compen- sation for the slaughter of swine and other animals owing to disease. He said, with regard to cattle that had come under his notice, and which. though perhaps 'la actually slaughtered in his division, had come from it, he could say that, so far , as he could learn, there was not the least blame to be attached to the person from whose farm they had come. He believed that with regard to certain diseases of animals it was sometimes absolutely im- possible to know that the animals were infected. Although the slaughtering of cattle was carried out to an extent which many people might think unne- cessary, he thought they must look to that proce- dure to eradicate the various kinds of diseases that were at present so troublesome, and by which so many farmers had suffLired.—Mr. W. HouGuToN thought it would be a good thing if a way could be seen to dealing more liberally with thole whose cattle were slaughtered. There was no doubt a fair valuation made of the cattle, but the greatest loss in a majority of cases was an indirect loss—the loss in a milk business, in pastures thrown useless for the rest of the season, and in produce for which there might be no market. Ile thought this subject was worth very serious consiueration.—Mr. SUTTON said that at the last meeting of the County Committee, there was:a strong feeling that one man was somewhat to blame, and some of the members went so far as to suggest that he should have no compensation. Ile (Mr. Sutton) opposed that view, and he urged that a man was doubly and trebly punished by the loss of his cattle in the ways Mr. Houghton had referred to. His sympathy had always been with the sufferer. But as to any extra allowances, beyond the value of the animals slaughtered, that was what the law would not per- mit.

THE CHESHIRE POLICE _ ADMINISTRATION. THE ADJOURNED INQUIRY AT CHESTER. LOCAL EVIDENCE. FROM OUR REPORTRR. Chester Castle, Friday. The Committee appointed to inquire into the charges brought by Mr. Slater Lewis, C.C., against the police administration in Cheshire, held its fifth sitting at Chester Castle to-day, the proceedings commencing at ten o'clock. Sir Horatio Lloyd, chairman of the Committee, again presided. Mr. Brasse,y, solicitor, Chester, appeared on behalf of Mr. Slater Lewis, who, however, examined the wit- nesses in person, and Mr. Fletcher, Northwich, again appeared for Colonel Hamersley, the chief constable of Cheshire. Before the proceedings commenced, Mr. James Tomlinson explained that I.is absence from the , sittings of the Committee had been caused by im- portant business engagements in London. The Chairman said that at the last sitting it was suggested that two cases of convictions of publicans had been omitted from the list supplied by Mr. Ashton, clerk to the 'Runcorn magistrates, and headed—" Return , of publicans and beerhouse keepers reported by ex-Inspector O'Donnell while stationed at Runcorn." Mr. Ashton now wrote the following communication.—" 3rclJuly,—As I stated in my letter of yesterday my books do not shew that ex-Inspector O'Donnell was concerned in the two cases you mention, but I have this morning seen the police constables who had to do with them. With respect to Phillips' case—the Friendship Inn —this man was on the 3rd September, 1888, con- victed for permitting drunkenness, and fined £1 and 198. 6d. costs, on the report of P.C. Brew, the wit- nesses being Gosling, Harrop, and O'Donnell. With reference to the suggested case of the George Hotel it was not the George Hotel, but the-Royal Oak,and the man was on the 13th July, 1888, convicted of selling to a drunken person and fined Li and 13s. 6d. costs on the evidence of Sergeant Woolley." Mr. Lewis intimated that Mr. Ashton could not know who reported the case to the superintendent in the first instance, and the Chairman promised that the fee books should be produced. The first witness called was ex-Sergeant Rowbothami formerly stationed at Macclesfield and other places in the county. He had, he said, received rewards of £1 for each poacher captured and convicted. The money had some- times been paid by Mr. Brocklehurst. He had also received money that had come from the late Mr. Legh, of Adlington Hall. Ex-Police Constable James Wright stated that formerly he was stationed at Graopenhall, near Warrington. When so stationed he watched and caught poachers, and he received from Sir Richard Brooke and Sir Gilbert Greenall rewards that reached him through Sergeant Bebbington. The sergeant received a five pound note from each of these gentlemen. It wasa reward for what they had done, and an encouragement to them in the future This happened is 1876, about Christmas, and the money was divided between five men. Witness re- ceived plenty of rabbits from the keepers; he had even had as many as seven couples at a time hanging up in the house. He did not think he was ever a week with- out game. The men used to receive word from the Chief Constable that certain gangs must be watched and caught. They used to watch at Grappenball two or three nights a week, the usual nights being Friday, Saturday, and Sun- day. They left their beats. but he had nothing to do with it except to obey orders. At Northwich also he had done a great deal of watching On one occasion he was one of a party of eleven watching at Platt's bridge for poachers, whom they caught. One policeman was left to watch the town and the out-lying districts. According to instructions they entered this duty as removing gipsies, watching suspicious persons.and extra journeys. He put in his journal" removing gipsies," by order of his super- ior officer, but he knew that it was a false entry. He was, however, forced to make it. Witness then gave further particulars of his duty in the Northwich district. The police caught seven poachers on private land at Grappenhall on one occasion. They did not know until afterwards that iVwas private land belonging to Sir R. Branke. There were forty of them altogether, including police, keepers, and helpers. The keepers took them on the land, but witness did not think that they knew they were doing wrong. By Mr. Fletcher Sergeant Marshall, Sergeant Nicholson, and others had told him to put "removing gipsies," when he was watching for poach- ers. It was the standing order, verbally given, and gen- erally understood, that they should never enter "watch- ing for poachers." Thomas Metcalfe, an ex-constable, recalled by Mr. Lewis, gave further evidence, and said that he had been as tar as ten miles from his beat watching for poachers. He could remember occasions when he and others watched for poachers night after night. Witness had received rewards in connection with watching and catching poachers-15s. from Sergeant Dodd, at Milling- ton, after the conviction of a poacher, was one reward.' Re had also received sums of 10s. and ss.—By the Com- mittee: No reward was paid unless a conviction followed ' —the general understanding was, no conviction no money. Witness also spoke in detail as to watching for poachers when stationed in various parts of the county. Witness had watched at Aldersey Hall. Before going on' duty they used to have a big can of beer from the butler, I which they drank from a horn. (Laughter. They I drank it in a stable. (Laughter.) They used to meet the keeper at the hall, and the butler brought the beer. On one occasion witness was regularly off his beat for a month, watching for poachers on the Duke of Westminster's estate. Asked" Do you seriously say you I were not on your beat for a month ?" -witness replied that he was never on his beat the whole of the time. He lay in the hedges on the watch, night after night. They had to book being on their beat during the dav,but as a matter of fact, they were not.—By the Committee: It was putting a lie down every day to make the entry. The sergeant ordered him to put the entries in his book, and the sergeant knew that the men were not on the beat. On one occasion witness was so ill with lying in the cold that he could not get home. The gamekeepers had rugs, and the police had bags filled with hay, in which they put their feet to keep them warm. There was no other provision. He remembered Colonel Hamers- ley examining the journals at Broxton, and he, once asked the meaning of the entry "suspicious character." The meaning was told him, and Colonel Flamersley re- plied " All right." / Sergeant Dodd. of the Cheshire police, said that he joined in May 1871, and was first stationed at Hyde, afterwards going to various districts. He was now stationed at Knutsford. When at Bollington hp had received rewards for the capture of poachers perhaps on two occasions, the last being some years ago. He had received money from Mr. Brocklehurst, but couldnot say who had told him to go to Mr. Brocklehurst. He had re- ceived, he should say, about £2 from Mr. Brocklehurst, but if another constable should be concerned in the case he would have a share of the money received in respectof such case.. Witness had not bad anything from the fund for a long time, but could not say that he knew absolutely that the fund had been stopped. Mr. Lewis questioned witness witness at considerable length as toinstauces of watch- ing for poachers at Knutsford. By Mr. Fletcher: He had never leftTthe highway when out on these expeditions. Poachers did not confine themselves to that class of offence, but were guilty also of fowl stealing and other offences. Sergeant Croghan, stationed at Birkenhead, and 16 years in the force in Cheshire. said that when at North- wich he had watched for poachers, but he had never known all the policemen taken from the town on that duty. He was sure that he had made entries in the journals whilst at Northwich as follows: Watching for suspicious characters and "poachers." Once when at Macclesfield he went to Mr. Brocklehurst and received Bs. from "the fund." £2 were divided amongst five el them, but witness did not report to the inspector that he had got the money. For anything he knew the fund might be in existence yet, but it was a standing order that no officer should receive money in the way of re- ward without the sanction of the Chief Constable. On the occasion in question witness acted on his own responsibility. By Mr. Fletcher: Most of the watching for poachers was done during the men's own time. Ex-Constable John Breeze, who joined the force in 1863 and 'left three years ago, said that he had twice been rewarded for catching poachers. Mr. Brockle- hurst, who rewarded him, was very, rich. He was pleased when poachers were caught—(laughter)—and was very good to the peliee. (Laughter.) It was well known that there was nothing vir- Any policeman now, and witness, who lived in Macclesfield, had heard three or four years ago that the fund was closed. Ex-Constable Eickford said that he had been twenty miles distance to watch for poachers, and had received railway fares and special duty allowance. Witness and some others went from Hyde to Macclesfield by order of Captain Arrowsmith. John Basnett, 1, Robert's-place, Castle-st., Chester, said that he joined the Cheshire police about thirteen years ago. He finally left the force on being "asked to resign." Be had watched, with others' for game on Lord de Tabley's estate, when stationed at gnutsford, both on the road and in the park. Witness did not go into the house, and did not have anything to eator drink. —By Mr. Fletcher : They patrolled the district before going to watch for poachers, but did not patrol it the usual number of times. Witness left the force in disgrace, having been convicted of an offence at Knutsford. The Chairman: There are no doubt several cafes alleged against this mAn. , Mr. Beckett: It does not follow that he is not telling the truth about this matter. Mr. Slater Lewis sit:id that Superintendent Egerton (now superannuated/ had been summoned to attend the inquiry but had not done so. His (Mr. Lewis's) charges were largely.based upon letters that had passed from Mr i Egerton'to Mr. O'Donnell. He thought that the Committee would only be doing justice to his case to peruse thpse letters, and then, if they liked, hand them tolVir.lietcher. They contained important evidence, and it would be neither doing justice to himself, to the or to O'Donnell, unless they were dealt with in

Liaquiry

some form or other. He believed Mr. Egerton was not in a good state of health. s The Committee declined to admit the letters, as being ex-parte, and.said that they had no power to compel Mr. Egerton to attend. They believed it Would be preju- dicial to his health to do so. On the name of the next witness, Sergeant Costello, being called, the Chairman said they were glad to see that this was another case of a man having served thirteen years without a single complaint against him. Mr. Slater-Lawis observed that it was right that that should be mentioned, as it was not every man who had a clean sheet. Colonel Hamersley said that everyone in the Cheshire Constabulary was of good character; anyone not of good character would soon be out of it. Costello then gave evidence, which was in corrobora- tion of that of other witnesses, and which closed the case brought forward by Mr. Slater-Lewis. Mr. Fletcher then called William Bethall, recently retired from the force, and it was stated that there had been no complaint against him during a service of 27 years. fie gave evidence to the effect that on one occa- sion he'went with a number of men to Hooton Park. to wait for a number of poachers who were expected to sail film Widnes in a fishing smack. They did not come *ith that night's tide, but a short time afterwards eighteen or twenty of them came and the keepersattacked them. One of the keepers was shot. He had caught poachers fowl-stealing, and considered that in watching for poachers they were watching for thieves and murderers. Peter Smith, dental surgeon and chemist, Runcomr, denied that he and Superintendent Hollingsworth had ever been at Wilson's Hotel or the Royal Hotel after hours. He knew the Superintendent when the latter was at Run- corn, and living opposite him, met him constantly. As a result of his observation of the Superintendent, he should certainly not say he was a drunken man. On the whole Superintendent Hollingsworth was a sober man, though he never professed to be a temperance man. He was a very good superintendent, and a keen man for his business. Witness was present at a well-attended meet- ing held in Bethesda schoolroom this week at which a resolution (handed in) was passed. By Mr. Lewis: Witness believed Hollingsworth to be a sober, respectable, and exemplary character. He would not say that he had never seen him the worse for drink, but he had never seen him drunk. Witness did not think it out of place to hold a meeting in Runcorn when the matter was sub-judice. If the Committee had known half as much about Inspector O'Donnell as the people of Run- corn did they would never have listened so long to the inquiry. 0;Donnell did his work in a most beastly manner. (Laughter.) Witness once reported him to the superintendent for his obnoxious manner—to Superin- tendent Large. The superintendent did not report the matter further, because O'Donnell apologised to witness, by saying he did not wish him (witness) to do him any harm. It was during last summer. One afternoon O'Donnell walked into the Royal Hotel, without his hat, where witness and some other persons were present. They were all perfectly sober, none having had more than a drop of Scotch whiskey after dinner, and they were smoking cigars. The inspector told the manager it was time he turned the men out of the house,they had had enough. Witness went across to the superintendent and reported the matter to him, telling him that the inspector hail been most insulting. He (witness asked if they were to subjected to be such tyranny from a mean) devil like him, (laughter), or something to that effect. That was only one little example of the way in which the man had carried on. At this stage the inquiry was adjourned until morning.

CO-OPERATION. SHALL IT BE COMPULSORY OR VOLUNTARY? BY 11. WHITHAM.

The following letter, which we take from "The Pacific Union' has been forwarded to us by Mr: H. Whitham, of 810, Bay-st., San Francisco, and for- merly of Warrington : After reading the article in your last issue,headed "Compulsory Co-operation." I felt somewhat at, a loss, and repeated to myself the words of the first paragraph in the article, "that co-operation as a means of relieving the miseries of the working-men of Christendom is thus fare dead letter." Were these Words true? I asked myself; and if so, v(rhy were they true? If voluntary co-operation has so far failed, is corapulsary co-operation likely to succeed? I think not, and for the reason stated by Mr. Kinne in the article referred to—it would involve a "revision of the work of Almighty God in his construction of the human race." Are we likely to work fora com- pulsory State law, when we fake so indifferent an interest in voluntary effort to rid the world of all the sin and misery by which it is oppressed? I fear not; nay, I am perfectly sure that our duty lies in accepting the human race just as it is, and making every effort to fashion it to the required shape. But is it true that voluntary co-operation has thus far been a dead letter? I answer at once, and with sufficient proof at my elbow for such answer, "No; decidedly no." In England to-day co-operative societies ' abound in every town and city, and each year shows a rapid increase in theirnumbers. Not only are they increasing in numbers, but it is acknowledged throughout the length and breadth of the land that the members of such societies are the most orderly and the most sober citizens. The fact is, Mr. Editor, English workmen are quietly yet surely' I solving the problem of Capital versus Labor. As yet they have taken hold of but one feature in the very abstruse problem—that is, Distribution. Little by , little they are feeling their way Owards the other :---production. Capital., at present belongs to thel few; and under the present laws and usages of society the few are justified in defending and retaining it. We all know the almost innumerable 'isms by' which we are confronted, each one clamouring loudly for this capital, all putting the workingman , Well to the front, stating well his grievances—how 1 he is hatd worked, what long hours lie toils, and how small a portion of the spoils he gets for his share; but in all the meetings I have attended in I this city, of Nationalists, Socialists, etc., 1 have I failed to notice that the bona-fide workingman stands well to the front himself, prepared to state the means by which he peOposes to resume to him- self the capital, it is so kindly said, that belongs to him. t Now, Mr. Editor, I have had a pretty , close I acquaintance with" Horny-hand," and I can assure you he has a tolerably good sprinkling of conserva- tism running through his blood. He is honest, and, so far as I can see, he does not propose to rob either his employer or any one of those around him, but at times he gets a little bit unmanageable, and is apt , to kick over the traces. Well, pear with him, as 111 r. Kinne says, "his employer does not take him into his confidence, nor is he consulted in regard to his employer's business"; then how is lie likely to know that the business at which he finds employ- ment is not paying—when the employer tells him that the concern is simply running because it is less of a loss to run machinery than it would be to let it stand idle? I know that in scores of cases this has been done, for various reasons—the desire to keep, somehow, the trade connection together, to run the machinery, and last, but not alwaysleast, the desire to see the workmen have a wage to draw when wage day came round. how, my point of view is this: I think the em- ployer Is, and must be, as much dissatisfied with the present state of things as the employe that in voluntary co-operation lies the salvation of modern society. I would, if space permitted, deal alike with the question of science and improved machin- ery. I may do so in a further communication; but I would draw attention to the articles recently con- tributed by Mr. Burgen on the subject, and ask employer and 'employe, What is to be the end of it? Throunh competition, employers are at one an- other's throats; by every means within their reach ' they are compelled to produce ascheaply as possible: ',The means are not always—perhaps I should say are very seldom—acceptable to their workmen; hence we have continued strife, which, to the better informed on both sides, is becoming simply unbearable. Now, is it not clear that in co-operation, aided by the voluntary effort of all parties, lies the pan- acea for all our ills? More, I ask this question : Suppose the Nationalists and Socialists should dis- possess the present holders of all the capital now circulating, what would they do with all the poor humanity thus left stranded high and dry, with nothing left to bless itself with but—brains? It must be that capital and brains go together, or else we should ,never have seen o ridiculous a sight as a great strike extending to fourteen weeks, involv- ing waste in labour, wages and what is called 'Capital. Is it quite true that all the money, wasted on the workmen's side of the question, could not have been put to practical use because they were short of what Mr. Kinne calls " the department of effort 1 If it is true, I ask at once 4 what becomes lof our boasted educational system? Does it fit us for nothing better than novel reading? I think it does, Mr. Editor. I think it has fitted us to take right hold of the whole machinery whereby we can run the industries of the world, and so make life worth 'living. In voluntary co-operation lies the secret.' In this we have the solvent for the number Of hours we shall work. In this, we see the remedy for the drink question, because in this the secret is, physical exhaustion. In this, also, we have the secret of the comity of nations, necause labor would

===== 0002601_18900705_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RECREATIVE EVENING

SCHOOLS ASSOCIATION.

The annual meeting of the Warrington Recreative Evening Schools Association was held in a room at the Museum on Thursday evening. Mr. Thomas Morris presided, and there were also present the Rev. S. Wilkinson, the Rev. M. Stevenson (lion. sec.) and Messrs. C. S. Burgess, D. Buckton, McGregor, Madeley. and F. W. Monks. The annual report, read by the Rev. M. Stevenson, stated that the Committee were pleased to inform the Association that the past session had been marked by steady work. The following classes had been held : Wood-carving at St. James's school, Latchford, teacher Mr. Brimelow, attendance steady and class much appre- ciated; wood-carving at Cairo-st. school, teacher Mr. Brimelow, about 40 members ; cookery class at Cairo-St., teacher Miss Henderson, of the Liverpool School of Cookery, large attendance; book-keeping at Smith-st. school, teacher Mr. A. Bennett, attendance at one time nearly 100 ; science class at Heath-side school, teacher Mr. B. Davies, between 30 and 40 members; night school at Hamilton-st., teacher Miss Mulliner, attendance aver- aging nearly 100; and French class at the Museum, con- ducted by 'Mdlle. Blanchet. In giving particulars of the various classes, the report stated that 30 members of the book-keeping class sat for the examination of the Lan- cashire and Cheshire Institutes ; of these 24 passed, 6 in the second class and 18 in the third. Twenty- two members of the science class sat for the South Kensing- tr..n Examinations in applied mechanics, and there was only one failure. The night school had earned a grant of £4O. The Committee had reason to believe that in addition to the good work done by the classes, an im- petus had been given to the movement in Warrington. The movement seemed to be in a fair way to become firmly established, and to show the necessary sign of true vitality—growth. The statement of accounts showed a balance due to the treasurer of £3 19s. al. The report was adopted on the motion of the Rev. S. Wilkinson, seconded by Mr. McGregor.—The Chairman said that although there was a great cause for congratu- lation with regard to the classes, he thought they should do much better if they had rooms more central and more fitting such an association. It hampered the work to have to find rooms for the different classes. They also required more funds, which, he had no doubt, would be soon forthcoming when that fact was made known. The classes were a great assist- ance to the youths of Warrington, and helped them to obtain better and more remunerative situations.—lt was resolved that the treasurer be empowered to employ help in collecting subscriptions, if thought desirable.— The Secretary intimated his regret that other duties made it necessary that he should resign that office, and on the motion of Mr. C. S. Burgess, seconded by Mr. Monks, he was cordially thanked for his past services.— On the motion of Mr. Morris, seconded by Mr. Madeley, Mr. D. Buckton was elected secretary and treasurer.— 'File Vice-presidents and Committee were re-elected on the motion of Mr. Madeley, seconded by Mr. McGregor, the name of Mr. Stevenson being substituted for that of the late Mr. T. Jolley.—This was all the business.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKMEN'S EXCURSIONS FROM

WARRINGTON.

The annual excursions in connection with several of the leading works in the town took place on Saturday last, a day which, as succeeding Walking Day, was generally observed as a holiday. From an 1 early hour in the morning the railway stations were ' marked by considerable animation. Some thousands of persons left the town for North Wales, Blackpool, Southport, Lancaster, and other places, and on the whole, they seem to have been favoured with fine weather, a marked contrast to the heavy rainfall and thunder- storm experienced by those who remained at home in the forenoon. Reports of the excursions are appended : CROSFIELD'S SOAP WORKS. About 600 of the workpeople of Messrs. J. Crosfield and Sons, Bank Quay Soap Works, who were accom- panied by about 100 of the employes of Messrs. J. H. Fleming and Co., had their excursion to Rhyl and Llandudno. A special train left Bank Quay Station at seven o'clock, but an unfortunate delay occurred at the new station of Mickle Trafford, a few miles from Chester. Here it was found that the connecting rod of the engine had been broken, and a telegram was despatched to Chester for another locomotive. This arrived about an

hour later, and the was resumed. The new engine slowly pushed the train from the rear into Chester Station, where the disabled locomotive was removed, and a larger and more suitable one substituted. Rhyl was reached at 10.30, and Llandudno at about eleven. The weather at both places was fine, and the excur- sionists thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The return journey was commenced from Llandudno at 7 p.m., and Warrington was safely reached before ten o'clock.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE .CROSS WIRE WORKS.

The excursionists in connection with the White Cross Wire Works trip to Blackpool, numbered about 1,160, and there were two special trains. The first train left Bank Quay Station at 8.43 a.m., and arrived at its des- tination at 8.50. The second contingent started at seven o'clock, and arrived at Blackpool at 9.30. In the morning there were several showers of rain, but in the forenoon the weather cleared up, and was all that could be desired. The first portion of the excursionists left for home at eight o'clock and arrived about 10 p.m., while the remainder started about B.3oand arrivedhome at 10.40 p.m. RYLANDS' BROS. WIREWORKs. The annual trip in connection with these works took place to Southport, and about 500 passengers journeyed by a special train which left the Central Station shortly after seven o'clock. On arriving at their destination the trippers visited the principal places of interest, the Botanical Gardens at Churchtown, where the coronation of the Rose Queen took place, being well patronized. The return journey was commenced at 830 and War- rington was safely reached at a quarter to ten. SANKEY WIRE MILLS. ' " •

The men employed at the above works, with their wives, families, and friends, spent the greater part of Saturday at Lancaster and Morecambe Bay. A special train left Bank Quay Station, Morecambe being reached about 8-40. The weather during the morning was showery, but for the remainder of the day it was fair, and the excursionists. who numbered between 700 to 800, thoroughly enjoyed the out.

A Sr. HELENS SOLICITOR BITTEN BY A Mn Doo. Mr. Ernest W. Swift, solicitor, son of Mr. Thomas Swift, barrister, Sefton Park, the brother of Mr. John Oakden Swift, solicitor, St. Helens, left for Paris, on Thursday to undergo the Pasteur treatment. On Tues- day Mr. Ernest Swift found a dog crouching in the garden at Ivanhoe, his father's residence, in Sefton Park, and when the animal was disturbed it behaved in a peculiar manner. Mr. Swift there- upon attempted to drive the dog out of the garden, when it jumped at him and bit the thumb and forefinger of his left hand. The blood flowed freely, but Mr. Swift had the thoughtfulness to suck the wound, and shortly afterwards it was cauterised by a chemist. The dog was afterwards shot by the police, and on being examined by Messrs. Welsby and Son, veterinary surgeons, and Dr. Barron, of Rodney-st., they reported it to be suffering from rabies. No ill effects are appre- hended, but as a precaution the family considered it ' advisable for Mt. Ernest Swift to place himself under the care of M. Pasteur.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS.

, THE LEEDS STRIKE. The dispute between the Gas Workers and Leeds Corporation was finally settled on Friday afternoon the blackleg difficulty having been amicably arranged. AN ENGINE-DRIVER KILLED. At Crewe, on Friday, William Sewell, a North-western engine-driver, died from shocking internal injuries. He was found lying on the line near Crewe Station, and it is supposed he was caught between the buffers of some coaches that were shunted. AN ELOPEMENT SCANDAL. At the Queenstown Petty Sessions Court, on 'Friday, Francis Hunt and Mrs. Sarah Crawthorne, both belong- ing to Hull, and who were arrested on arriving at Queenstown on Thursday evening from Dublin on a charge of elopement and larcency of £BO, preferred against them by the husband of Mrs. Crawthorne, were brought up, and on the application of the district in- 'spector they were discharged, as Mr. Crawthorne refused to proseeute. . ' MR. GLADSTONE ON COMPENSATION TO PUBLICANS. Lord George Hamilton, in his recent Bristol address, quoted Mr. Gladstone's former utterances on compensa- tion to publicans. Mr. Gladstone has written stating that what he said in former years referred exclusively to the operation of local option in proscribing licences in the mass, and had not the smallest referenpe to any non- renewal to which holders might be legitimately liable under the principles of the present laws. EXCITING CHASE AND Ci...PTURE OF A BURGL &R. On Friday morning the Barnsley magistrates com- mitted James Noon alias Walter Brammer, Venetian blind maker. Manchester, for trial to the sessions on a charge of burglary at the Victoria Inn, Darfield, last week. The landlord was awakened by tire prisoner being in his bedroom. The prisoner, who fled, was captured in the country after an exciting chase .by the landlord. He is well-known to the police, having been previously convicted at Liverpool and elsewhere. He is wanted for burglary at Doncaster. COAL FAMINE IN DUBLIN. Owing to the great strike of coal porters in Dublin a coal famine prevails. Hundreds of tons lie in ships on the quays, but the latter cannot be unloaded fox want of hands, and some vessels have left with their cargoes. The strike is producing a very serious state of things, and a large amount of intimidation by the strikers is taking place. Manufactories and city houses are run- ning short of coal. One large mill is only kept going by burning wood, and will probably have to be closed and the hands paid off. Paupers are being sent to the quays to load carts with coals from the ships under the protec- tion of strong bodies of police. The Phcenix Brewery Company would have been obliged to close but that the great firm of Guinness and Company came to the rescue and provided them with a sufficient supply of coals for the present. The Dublin bakers are in serious difficulty as their weekly supplies are exhausted, and there is little prospect of getting further supplies. The female friends of the strikers are taking an active part in intimidating any men who start work for the coal merchants. On Thursday night a man in charge of a horse and cart was assaulted and his horse taken from him by a number of women. A number of strikers are in prison for as- saults on blacklegs, and several will be brought up in custody. On Friday the little coal that is selling retail is fetching enormous prices.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF LORDS, YESTERDAY: NawAcvs,Src.-The royal assent was given by commission to fifty-nine public and private bills, including the Con- tagious Diseases (Animals) Pleuro-pnetireonia Bill. The Foreign Jurisdiction Consolidation Bill was read a third time ; the Partnership Bill passed through committee, and the Allotment Act, 1887, Amendment Bill was read a second time. THE ANGLO-GERMAN CONVENTION.—Lord SALISBURY, replying to Earl Delowan, said the convention between England and Germany for the cession of Heligoland to Germany, was signed on Tuesday. He introduced the Bill,confirming the treaty. The Bill was read a first time, and the second reading was fixed for Thursday next. The House then adjourned. HOUSE OF COMMONS.—YESTERDAY. The Speaker took the chair at three o'clock. Tim MID-DURHAM VACANCY.—On the Motion of Mr. ARNOLD MORLEY a writ was ordered for the election of of a neW member for Mid-Durham in room of Mr. Wm. Crawford, deceased. THE NEWFOUNDLAND Thrrtcuray.—Mr. BRYCE presen- ted a petition of 15,000 inhabitants of Newfoundland, setting forth grievances respecting the rights of foreign fishermen, arid praying the House to earnestly consider the case and adopt effective measures for the preserva- tion of Colonial rights, and the promotion of the Colony's' welfare. THE ANGLO-GERMAN AGREEMENT : AN UNTIMELY IN- TERRUPTION.—Mr. FERGIISSON, replying to Mr. Ernest Beckett, said the Government had consulted the princi- pal trading companies and missions and believed they approved generally of the Anglo-German agreement. The Government could not support pretensions incompatible with fair claims of foreign nations. Black Rod sum- moned the House to the Lords where Royal assent was given to Suck River Drainage Act and other acts. The Black Rod who interrupted Mr. Gladstone, was greeted with nationalist cries of " order " and" bother the House of Lords."—Mr. SMITH informed Mr. Swinburne that the Cape Government had not made representations object- ing to Damaraland and Makololand.—The SPEAKER reply ing to Mr. Waddy, promised to see what could be done to ensure Black Rod's advent to Commons at more con- venient periods. , THE, POLICE BILL.—The HOME SECRETARY (Mr. Mat- i thews) moved that the police vote be referred to the Standing Committee on law. Sir W. Hancounr appealed to the Government to re-consider their decision, and to take the Bill to a Committee Of the whole House by send- ing the Bill to the Grand Committee. No time would be saved,as the measure-would have to be again discussed' when it was returned to the House. Under these cir- cumstances the Government should fix an early day for committal of the Bill by the House as a whole.— Mr. OSBORN MORGAN agreed with the suggestion a Sir W. Harcourt but Mr. RITCHIE objected. He thought it would only take a few hoursto pass the Bill through the Grand Committee in a form that would prevent pro- longed discussion when it came to the House.—The dis- cussion was continued by Mr. Darling, Sir G. Trevelvan, Mr. Pickersgill, Mr. H. Mawson, Mr. Howard Vincent, Mr. Picton, Mr. T. H. Bolton, Mr. Atherley Jones, Mr. H. FOWLER said the opposition would use its best endeavors to get the Bill passed this session.—Mr. W. H. SMITH said the Government had adopted the course of sending the Bill to a grand committee solely to facilitate its pro- gress through the House, and to prevent its being delayed in committee by obstructive tactics. The motion to refer the bill to grand committee was agreed to. [LEFT SITTING.]

WARRINGTON RURAL SANITARY AUTHORITY.

The monthly meeting of this Authority was held at the Workhouse on Friday morning. The Rev. G. F. Roberts presided, and there were also present Messrs. W. Long, W. Houghton, Heaton, J. Hough- ton, Aul-land, Jolley, Kilshall ; S. Sutton (clerk), Dr. Sephton (medical officer), and W. Owen (sur- veyor.) MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.—Dr. Sephton reported that during the past month there had been 53 births and 22 deaths. The death-rate was 16.2 per 1,000, as against MO the average of the last three months, and 22.6 the rate of the corresponding month of last year. NEW HonsEs.—The Surveyor reported that certificates had been issued to Mr. Henry Grice for houses at Pen- keth, and to Mr. W. Bennett for two houses at Padgate. THE POLLI7TION OF STREAMS, AND THE EXTENSION OF TnE.Bonocron.—Mr. J. C. Sutton, clerk to the Board of Guardians, and member of the Lancashire County Council, referred to the question of the pollution of brooks and streams. He said united action was being taken by the Lancashire and Cheshire County Councils with a view to the purification of rivers, canals and streams, so that vrhathad hitherto been well-nigh im- practicable, if not impossible, would, in all probability, when these combined forces were brought to bear upon it, be successfully grappled with, He personally had been a considerable sufferer by the ,polluted state of Sankey Brook, the land along which was rendered utterly unproducti re in consequence of the poisonous waters. He was, therefore, so far as his own interests were concerned, likely to watch with some inter- est the steps taken by the new medical officer, and by the Committee who would act with him. Alluding to the proposed extension of the borough of Warrington he said the bills for the extension of Wigan and Oldham had failed and he saw the bill for the extension of Liverpool had also failed. These bills had cost very large sums of money, but he did not know how expenditure of that kind wasto be avoided. That authority was not materially opposed to the War- rington extension bill, but his attention had been called to the fact that there would, even after the extension was made, still be a portion of the present extra-muni- cipal part of Warrington left out. This portion had con- tributed towards the expense of providing sewers but as yet had received no benefit from them. The conse- quence of the extension would be that the authority's drainage district would cease, and the portion he re- ferred to would have no benefit from- the contributions they had been making for so many years. He believed that the sum they had contributed would be about £5OO, and he thought some arrangement should he made with regard to recouping those who would suffer as he had mentioned.

===== 0002601_18900705_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
LIKE

MA:

• - _ -..-_ _,- -...------,----,----"'"--- _ MANCHESTER HAY AND STRAW, FRIDAY.—HaY to 641 clover, 5d to 6d ; straw. wheat. 3d to 4d ; ditto, oat, 3d to ha per stone of 141 b. thine LIVERPOOL PROVISIONS. FRIDAY.—Beet and pork con . dull, with a repetition of previous currencies. In bacon. a 4id moderate business must be reported, but as supplies continue liberal, holders are free sellers. Cheese is quiet but steady'. Butter displays no special feature. Lard remains as last re- atondds: • CORK Brerms, Fntraz.—Ordinary: nits, 74e; 69s ; thirds, 625; fourths, 465. Kegs: Firsts, 71a. 69e.; fourths, 455. Mild cured firkins: le Superfine 8 ... fine, 745; mild, 695. In market: 1,410 firkins, 2 kegs. and 235 mild. GLASGOW METAL. FRlDAY.—Market steady, with a fall business done at 45s Bid, 45s 8(1, 45s 11d, to 455 9.i cash. ca'. an,,e,' 45s 104 d. 46; Oid, 44) 45s lid one month ; buyers 45s 80 .! and 455 100 one month ; sellers ld more. Middlesborougu er!, done at 42s 9d to 42.* 10d cash and 42s 9d one mouth; buY 42e 9id cash and 42s lid one month: sellers 42s 1041 4ash ana 43s one month. Hematite done at 523 cash and 525 l 0 id 0„11! ~ month ; buyers 51s lid cash and 62s one month; sellers 0 cash and 528 lid one month. a or re' LONDON PRODUCE, FRIDAY.—Suger : Fair demon. 1, fined pieces steady ; beet steady—July buyers 125 3.,,, t',o 12s 4il combined, sellers 12s 40 ; October sold at 12s.t aaltdey, November-December Ils llid. Coffee on the Wet ' apd futures 3d dearer; Rio—September quoted at 76s 6.l.mber December 74s 34; Santos—July buyers 86s, "diretiva. quoted at 80s 3d. Tea quiet. Rice very firm. juco-- -- a lona Linseed oil. 245 to 245 3d. Turpentine 31s 641. Fetr° unchanged. 'WY MANCHESTER TRADE. Fnnakir.—There is no buc be In this market, and the trade going through 'nit,htg pear reptesented in very moderate figures. It does not iaP as if the trade were compelled to buy cotton at t.te r ari of the last day or two, and to-day's sales are estlate7 to be only 8,000 bales. " Spot" is steady, hut " stead 9-4 have lost a point since the opening. Yarns are .s. y. but spinners are booking only small lines for quick deliinineron Good twist are not much pressel for sale, but Cl's(l for qualities are plentiful and ordersfare not to he is very •the asking. Bolton yarns are steady, but trade • _,,b is moderate in every description. For bundles not n'tor'',,eo , going through at quotations, sthough merchants have r' `do waiting for opportunity. In cloth this as any this week. Os &IP° RUNCORN, SATURDAY.—Fresh butter, Is la and plei, lb.; fresh eggs. 12 for ls ; fowl, Os Od to 3s 6d Per l'erkey, ducks,6s 041 to Os per couple; geese, Od to 1041 per Its. lid per lb. • beef, 7d to 941 per lb.; mutton, 641 to 91 16.1 tol3d pork, Od to 84 per lb. • lamb, 104-1 to Is per lb.; veal' per lb.; potatoes, 3s 0.1 and Os 041 per loidis as quiet a WIDNES, SATURDAY.—Fresh butter,'ls.. 4.1. and OS: ,?eitipPleeri lb.; fresh eggs. 12 for Is.; fowl, 4s 6,1 to 03 Pe' f, 841. ducks, 55 Od and Os per Couple; geese, 9.1. per 1M; ,I" 01 0 0(1. to 041. per lb.; mutton, 60. to Od. per lb. ; Oes Per per lb.; veal, —d. per lb.; lamb, Od. per lb. : Fo'a cwt. Os. Od. lt 20 • . WARRINGTON MARKET.—WEDNESDAY, Jily, - A,1411/ I FRUIT, VEGETABLE, POULTRY, BUTCHEh.'• FISHMONGBRS' TABLE. . 1.4' ,s. d. e. d. e. d 0 3 n o'"3 0. Beef, Eng., rlb 0 6to 0 9} Rhubarb r bell a- 0 •••" I ~.. OO 673-_ 00 914 oeMelonslery Veal or ;t. ...................... 2 ........ 00 i Hutton Pork 0 0— 0 7 Pears each .........a0 0.... 0 0 Pork sides ~ 0 51-- 0 0 tApricots each ...... S.. 6 le ... a 0 .. cured „ 0 si 0 0 Carrots per 15„... 0 .„, Whole pigs „ 3 0— 0 53- Cauliflowers ......0 0-.0 Pi Geese 0 9 0 10 Cucumbers each...o _ __„o 0 Lamb, VS 0 10.1- 011 Cabba,es each _0 ; ...„ 1 6 0 SP 1 3 0 0 Tomatoes Vin ° 0-- 0 Fowls V oouple 5 0 0 0 ;Filberts 0' ...„,, 0 It Chickens ~ 46— 5 0 'Spa'ishOnions'.' 0 ° _... 0 v ' (3 1 3 0 Ducks •„ 5 0— 6 0 Turnips Rabbits .. ~ 26— 0 0 Asparagus r 100- ? g ...... 4 61 Hares, eaoh 36— 4 0 Potatoes V l'"'"a 0 Pigeons ~1 0 0 0 gew potatoes 1711'N a -2,, 6, Partridges, brace 0 0 4 0 Mushrooms V 11) " a-- e a Grouse ~0 0— 5 6 Green Peas rO, 0 _. 0 - Pheasants ~ 4-0 —0 0 IGreen Sprouts lh 0 3 ..... 1, Butter, Gera's, Vlbl 2 1 3 likens, kidney lb 0 1.,; Hen eggs,l2 &13 1 0 0 0 iPomegranates ...0 ` "i, „...,. 0 : Duck, 0 0 0 0 Walnuts V lb ...... On 0 ...... 0 i Apples. Vlb 03— 0 4 'Oranges. ......... "rt li-- ° 0 Onions ~0 1— 0 2 Lemons, each •...-- 0 ..--66 ~, Grapes „ oo— 3 0 ;Cheese, tine new 63 a .....56 -0 Pine Apples, each 0 0 7 0 I ~medium —5l Greengages r it, 0 0- 1 6 1 ~inferior ... si 6 ..„ 0 1 10 Cherries , 0 0— 0 10 Lobster Vlb"" a^ 8 --- i 4 Strawberries V Its 00- 1 3 .Turbot o •••••1 fi --. ,t, s Damsons „ OO 0 0 Salmon o•• ***" 3 o Plums „ 0 0 0 0 , Whitings o ....... 3 --- ',', s Gooseberries rot 0 0 0 3 , Flukes o ..... •-- 7-- " ~ ....... 0 0 ....-- 01 26 Raspberries „ 0 0— 0 7 :Reis '' ..... 1 0 0 Black Currants,, 0 0 0 6 Soles Red Currants „ 0 0 0 8 '•Sparlings ~ ...... ?, 4- g 6 Blackberries „ 0 0— 0 o Codfish Harrows each 0 0 .ta 0 6 :Mackerel each ...Y, Seakale Vlt 0 0 0 8 herring V ecere'''„..^ ' LIVERPOOL CHEMICAL MAREFAA • coning The following report is furnished by Messrs. ,t CO., Chemical Brokers, Liverpool :—Liyerpool, Javf.order Caustic Soda continues to advance. Bleo i'llag slightly steadier. Sulphate of Copper very weak. _,,..„.5 are, Except wnere otherwise stated, the following Prt"re F. 0.8. Liverpool. If delivery taken on rails works a reduction in price is made. ~er deOce Caustic soda ash 48 to 56 per cent. lid to 1341 '- Carbonated soda ash 48 to 58 per , cent 1 5-16 d to 1141 Refined. Alkali 48 to 68 per cent Ammonia soda ash (pure alkali) 58 per cent, minimum ..5 I°' t° £6125 Bleaching powder 35 per cent 'Pet to £5 minimum £4 15s Caustic soda bottoms (from 60 per cent, caustic soda) Caustic soda bottoms (from 70 per cent, caustic soda £4 Iss Cream caustic soda 60 to 62 per cent White caustic soda 60 to 62 percent £7 12s 6d 70 to 72 „ £Blss ~ . 76 „ Ele lOs Sods, crystals £3ss 0,l Bicarbonate of soda £s 15s , Salteake at maker's works £l 76,l „ special for glass makers £l lOs 0.1 Nitrate of soda ex-quay or store Relined Saltpetre(nitrateof potash) £22 Os Sulphate of ammonia £ll 15s Od Borax Clorate of potash 4141 Bichromate „ Brimstone ex-quay or store Sulphur roll ~ flower Alum £s Sulphate of copper (blue stone) ----

of

:: pero,, r I;4°'

WHY if g te has J. H. PARKINSON Dentist OW amination), a 46, MOSLEY-STREET, fils• The LARGEST DENTAL PRACTICE fa _ VINCES ?

----C_,, ri‘ BECAUSE the public know from persona' `3l,itivo. perience. and the experience of friends ancl, ri(ike kir that his make of TERT ll' for Use, Fit. I'vlioe-Bl,lill'' _ pearance, and Price, are absolutely ' Or 'tioll TASTLY.—Thousands are to-day ill aPr pectsill ..1 vouch for the fact that by aid of his OvtB-1113;,eu'i11,;,,,T0-I'. PURE LIQUID NITIIOLts OXIDE he but does when necessary, EXTRACT Mb' toe w the ,03, LUTELY PAINLESSLY, being 8°- the '- maker of this speciality to dentistg in . 6' Consultation free, frEim 9 to 12 TEETH. 1 N. From 91°au.rnRs. OtoFlC2OnsosVall:iv2): ----------,-0 J. H. PAREThri tio, os TEETH. Dentist by Exarn2Al V;1110 46, MOSLEY-STREET. ..t."' ~, t). (Late 323, Oxtoni - @tr.. One of the firm (qualified by Examination). WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS. at l‘lir .rn. -{eff Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-st., from,. Coo RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Miss r3r5011 NORTHWICH. tioonn elritlli Dr i Ad gyes-s.ta. ,t, fmr ors . 2 ta.ii 5 toi 0.,,,.. 2. cot from 2 to 5. pi 10' TO BE SOLD ON ' ---1 IN THE VERY BEST PLOT OL LAND WARRINGTON, , f Salle! Ue;1"!el " ' : unbuilt upon situated at the c•rner 0- „w tb` e, and Springfield-st. and containing 590 i square yards. No Areet making required front. Price 2s. per yard. APPLY J. H. PARKINSON. - -- _

URMSTON. MANCHESTER. „,cT 14 I:0'15 CLOSED IN MANCHESTER DURING IN AtrausT•

===== 0002601_18900705_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
•

... 10 ii*,,, Ordinary te-ro _ ---, notices of Births, Marriages, and 004 serted free of charge. Marriages or Deaths Yl't ~, orclj9o "No Cards," or any addition to the Registrar .....0. Ail notice, are charged one Shilling and Sirpence. if rjrZitee• toe announcements on credit, Two Shillings and '',!•:, tile a such announcements must be authenticated ./ and address of sender. 31ARRIAGES. e ife';' Warrington.—At St. Paul's Church, Juno 28th• S. Wilkinson. vicar, Mr. Wm. Grounds to Mi" 1311:tie gest•is Mr. William Nash to Miss Margaret Grounds ; bYlititerlaarp Emmott, curate, Mr. Henry Leigh to Miss 30th, by the Rev. S. Wilkinson, vicar, Mr. YI 071,1retellte, 't hompson to Miss Mary Hewitt ; Mr. Williarn a, COO Miss Emily Dean ; July 2nd. by the Rev. T. Pram° ec, Mr. Joseph Donaldson to Miss Letitia Southall. the 1! it. Warrington.—At the Parish Church. Jun bo 28, Y etsrdla die D. S. Hodgson, curate. John Smallman to LV__,, ii. ell VI both of Warrington ; 28th, by the Rev. D. S. 11°'-'2,0%; 28•10 twheorßraeiv;bDot.hSo. David Leigh to Elizabeth Emery. both a Warring,_,, Warrington • 29th, by the Rev! rector, George William Bate to Mary Alice LaWle Or., JO!: fliw°dasror inn. gatuor an 7 , -Ja m e s Barlow cttn.i:, bp trt Gorst to Helen Dickenson, both of Warrington ; 2.t,Dry Ora, BDtl.l,:yitihodegltsoenv., F. T. Rev. D. S. Hodson, curate, William Critchley t!.? Parkinson, of Burtonwoed ; 30th. by the Bev. D. :' isrArri, curate, Michael Loghan, to Mary BagalrY• both .. 'lb williaP• ton • 30th, by the Rev. 0. P. Whalley. Prank Sint to Anne Johnson, both of Warrington• DEATIIS. ' Warrington.—June 29th, ago 29 Years, A.plibjee XIII 27th, 13 years. James Lockett ; 30th. 5 weeks, ... nett; 29th, 7 months, Mary Ann Dickson ; tui.,;.i, ; Zunoe years, William Price; 3rd, 10 months. Mary GiTeijnott 27 years, Henry Arnold ; 3rd, 64, Richard 27th, Ada Saveory. • .0., W-----------------arrington.—Printed and Pu-I.‘ IN'Ablished by Ja • nto-VA at The Examiner General Printing Works, ; „„..„,ria.roo,; and Published also at The Examiner Offteat'eo,. ;;irte,e;e7,l, NV milts ; Church-street, ItuNcotter ; 32% rz Ittake Helens • Eccleaton-strect. PaEscoT ; and ''"' Ilisiss.TOwsr.—Jsrx.i 5. 1890. •

===== 0002601_18900705_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Stall BOW/

Piret Seconc Third The the Pr th Scar 4bove Tea

tRI ox Preach L. WA ON 'Rolll 1m Aptoo aM CI Coilo of the THE POC CHI TIO Prilj

R Pan. PRE • WA.HT The Dim Bhillir ClDipc Poultr big a Adraie

?he CI Aoorcu

julj LONI Ch Tick Mat

===== 0002601_18900705_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„ . ,

===== 0002601_18900705_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18900705_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NIVERSITY EXTENSION LECTURES, RUN- CORN•—THB ANNUAL PUBLIC MEETING, will be 111 the COMNIISSIONE ES' HOARD ROOM, TOWN HALL, ON PONDAY JULY 7th, when a report of the past session will be resented, a statement of a mounts submitted, and the Com- mittee for the ensuing year elected. The prizes and certificates will also be distributed to the successful candidates in the recent examinations. The chair Will be taken at 7.30 p.m, prompt, by SAMUEL TAYLOR, chairman of Commissioners. The attendance of students and others interested in the movement is earnestly requested.

BAPTIST CHAPEL, LATCHFORD. ANNUAL SERMONS SILN DAY, JULY 13vn, 1890. BY THE REV. HENRY HALL. or BURNLEY. Services in the Afternoon at 2-30, and in the Evening at 6-30. Collections will be made at each Service in aid nf the Chapel Funds.

SALE OF REcToitY GARDEN, WARRINGTON, TIIURSDAY, JULY 10mr, In aid of Home and Foreign Missions. To be Opened at 3 p.m.. by MRS. WILLIS, HALSNEAD PARK, PRESCOT, A Short Address will be given by the NET. J. SCOTT, RECTOR OF WEAVERILAM, Admission. 6d. from 3 to 5 p.m., 3d. from 5 to 9 p.m. TENNIS and other AMUSEMENTS. DANCING from 6 to 9 p.m. A 13/1:1•TD WILL RIN ATTENDANCE WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB, SIXTH ANNUAL ATHLETIC FESTIVAL will take place on MONDAY, AUGUST 4TII (riANK HOLIDAY). /Prospectuses can be obtained from Mr. H. Tort, tobacconist, Market Gate ; or the lion. Secretary, J. E. WARREN, 69, Legh-st., Warrington.

GREAT W E STERN RAILWAY. SUMMER EXCURSIONS. On SATURDAY, Jr NE 21 and 28. To Wrexham, Ruabon, Chirk, Oswestry. Corwen, Festinioe ,Blaenan Festinioe Dolgelly,* Barmouth,* Towyn,* Aber, odoyey,*Machynlleth:* Ilarlech,* Penrhyndendraeth,* Port- Inatloc,* Criecitth;* Pwllheli, Welshpool, Llanymynech, Montgomery, Newtown, Llayidloes,* Borth.* and Aberyst- -with from ALI:MESTER (Exchange and Ordsal Lane) and ,WARRINGTON for 3or 4 days. *Not from Ordsal Lane. EVERY 'Skrunnly and MONDAY. DAY TRIPS to Wrexham. Ruabon, Oswestry, Llangollen, Corwen, Bala, and Doigelly, from MANCUESTER (EXCIIAD2e) and WinnixnToX. For full particulars-see bills, which can be obtained from Air. Wright, Great Western Booking Office, London Road, Station ;at the Enquiry Office, 2, Brown-St.; and from Mr. Coles, 77a Market-st., Manchester. HENRY LAMBERT, General Manager.

LAST FE,IV WEEKS. D ORE'S GREAT pICTURES. SUMMER EXHIBITION. W ALKER ART GALLERY. LIVERPOOL. OPEN DAILY, 10 TO 5 AND 7 TO TEN. SATURDAYS, 10 TO 10. ORGAN RECITALS. ADMISSION, ONE SHILLING. Season Tickets. Gentlemen's 55., Ladies' 3s. 6d.. Student's, '24. 6d, available to August 4th, 1890. J. THORNE ROE. Provincial Manager Dore Gallery, Limited.

BoyS AND YOUTHS DEPARTMENT. THE I,C.D. system of supplying single garments direct to the public at first cost, offers great advantages '..„t° Parents, heads of families and schools requiring Boys and •zouthe clothing, combining great durability in wear with neatness and gentility of style at marvellous prices. -AU the new shapes BOYS SUITS from S. 60. BAILOR SUITS (first size) all wool West Serge, Best Indigo nye with Badge, Lanyard and Whistle, Flannel Vest and Linen:Collar, complete °SAID. YOUTHS TWEED SUITS in great variety from Q fEJS.IJII. -YOUTHS WORSTED SUITS DURABLE WEAR ILics from MANCEIESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 10 HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

F YEARLY CLEARANCE SALE. GEORGE iiiy LEE & COMPANY, BASNETT-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Beg to announce their ELIA' YEARLY CLEARANCE SALE, for MONDAY NEXT, 'THE 7Tit INSTANT, AND FOLLOWING DAYS. When the whole of their Surplus Season Stock will be Greatly Reduced in Price. The Goods Comprise:— BLACK AND COLOURED SILKS. BLACsK AND COLOURED DRESS MATERIALS. RICH COMBINATION ROBES. INEXPENSIVE COMBINATION ROBES. The Season's MANTLES, COSTUMES AND MILLINERY. LADIES OUTFITTING. I,ACES. RIBBONS, GLOVES. . HotsEny, FANCY GOODS, JEWELLERY AND FANS. PARASOLS AND SUNSHADES. UMBRELLAS, WATERPROOFS, ac. HOUSEHOLD LINEN AND DRAPERY. PRINTS, GINGHAMS, SATEENS. FLANNELS AND BLANKETS, FURNI3HING. GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO. BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL.

GLOBE FURNisnING COMPANY „ Complete House Furnishers, Wholesale and Retail, +4, 14, 16, AND 18, PEMBROKE-PLACE, LIVERPOOL. FURNISH FOR CASH, OR ON THE HIRE-PURCHASE SYSTEM, AT CASH PRICES. NOTE.-OUR lIIICE-PURCHASE SYSTEM IS ENTIRELY DIFFE- RENT FROM ANY OTHER, AHD HAS BEEN HIGHLY COMMENDED BY THE WHOLE OF THE LOCAL PRESS. THE GLOBE FURNISHING COMPANY, the oldest- t`stablishecl, and by far the most extensive, Furnishers on the hire-purchase system in the provinces,-supply every requisite tor the complete Furnishing of Cottage, Hotel, or Mansion "considerably cheaper than the majority of those firms who tsell for cash only. This we are able to do through having a lei's, large capital at command, and being the bona fide tuanufacturers of the principal goods we sell. NO SECURITY REQUIRED, NO EXTRA. EXPENSES, ON OUR HIRE-PURCHASE SYSTEM. The fair and equitable manner in which our business is 'carried on, and our reasonable terms and law prices. are so 'well known thrroughout the North of England and Wales as JO render further comment unnecessary. Genend terms, which, however, can be altered to suit the 'convenience of customers. Payments Weekly, Monthly, or Qwtrterly : Amount of Purchase... £lO Payment per week 3s. 66. £2O ' ss. Od. £5O 10s. Od £lOO 17s. 6d. £5OO 80s. Os. ASI Inspection of our stock will at once satisfy intending tombasers that we give better value and offer easier payment any other house furnishers ma the Hire-Pureihase Sys- ti Provinces. 4,41 goods are delivered Free in our own or private vans 1,710 L no expenses of any kind are Incurred by customers n.raitsire sent to any part of England or Wales. Kbetaade supplied. Shipping orders executed witit. des- *Patch. „„..CAUTION.—As some firms adopt various means—such as ruijil.iguar Prospectus, B:c.—witti the evident intention of etalg tile public to believe they are connected with us, PLR —ASE NOTE OUR ADDRESS. FURNISH FOR CASH Old ON THE HIRE-PURCHASE SYSTEM. OCR NEW PROSPECTUS, LARGE ILLUSTRATED CATA- LOGUE., PRESS OPINIONS. AND PRICE LIST, . RENT POST ERRS ON APPLICATION. GLOBE FURNISHING COMPANY,. 12, " ANT 18. PEMBROKE - PLACE. LIVERPOOL.

WILLIAM HALL LATE. HENRY WRITE, lintß MERCHANT. BUILDER, AND CONTRACTOR, DOCTOR'S BRIDGE. RUNCORN. •411' description of Bridges' Material kept in aback.

BUSS FURNISING IRONMONGER, 44, 44,46, VICTORIA-ST., MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS CUTLERY—ELECTRO PLATE. TABLE KNIVES and FORKS TABLE KNIVES, Ivory Handles 2ls. 30s. 455. „ TABLE FORKS. Eleetro Silver 24s. 325. 40s. „ DESSERT FORKS Do. TEA SPOONS, Do. USEFUL PRESENTS. FENDERS, FIRE BRASSES, BRASS KETTLES, GONGS. ac. CUTLERY CASES, DESSERT CASES, TEA SERVICES, FISH CARVERS, KNIFE CLEANERS, DISH COVERS, &a. RAILWAY CARRIAGE PAID ON EZ ORDERS.

MUSIC.— MR. ALFRED ROGERS SUTTON (late Student of the Royal College of Music at Munich, Germany) receives Pupils for Pianoforte, Singing, Harmony, Counterpoint, and Musical Composition, Voice production a spestiality. —Particular s at his rooms, Legh-st., Warrington.

RUPTCRES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture ' • registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works. 7 tt 9, Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

BO RO UGII OF WARRINGTON. CATTLE FAIR. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that, in consequence of the Borough having been declared by the Board of Agriculture an area intected with plenro-pneumonia, the Half-Yearly CATTLE FAIR on the 17th July WILL NOT BE HELD. Dated this Ist day of July, 1890. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk.

JOHN PENDLEBURY, DECEASED, Pursuant to the Act of Parliament 22nd and 23rd Victoria, Chapter 35. NOTICE is hereby given, that all creditors, and other persons having any claims or demands against the estate of JOHN PENDLEBURY, late of Bewsey-road, Warrington. in the County ot Lancaster, coal and builders merchant, deceased (who died on the 13th day:of April, 1890, and whose will was proved in the District Registry at LiVerpool, of the Probate Division of her Majesty's High Court of Justice, on the 27th day of June, 1890, by Frederic Pendlebury, of Warrington, aforesaid, coal merchant, and George Shawcross Pendlebury, of Oakley-st., Chelsea, the executors therein named), are hereby required to send the particulars, in writing, of their claims or demands to me, the undersigned, the solicitor for the said executors, on or before the 141 h day of August next, after which date the said executors will proceed to distribute the assets of the said deceased amongst the persons entitled thereto, having regard only to the claims and demands of which they shall then have had notice ; and they will not be liable for the assets of the said deceased, or any part thereof, so distributed to any person or persons of whose claims or demands they shall not then have had notice. Dated this 3rd day of July. 1890. ARTHUR BROWNE, Solicitor for the Executors. 1. Cloth Hall Yard, Warrington.

THE BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY'S ANNUAL RE- CEIPTS EXCEEDS FOUR MILLIONS. HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. OR A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH, with Immediate possession. Apply at the Office of the Birkbeck Freehold Land Society. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars post free, on application to FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT, Manager. Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane.

ESTABLISHED 1851. BIRK BECK BANK, Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane. THREE per CENT INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, re- payable on demand. TWO per CENT on CURRENT ACCOUNTS when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and sold, and LETTERS OF CREDIT and CIRCULAR NOTES issued. SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sums on deposits, and allows Interest at the rate of THREE PEI? CENT per annum on each completed El. The Interest Is added to the principal on the 31st of March annually. FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT, Manager.

MCMILLAN, SON, & CO. PUBLIC AUDITORS, ACCOUNTANTS AND VALUERS, MORTGAGE BROKERS, PARTNERSHIP NEGOTIATORS, COMMERCIAL. AND ESTATE, AGENTS, GENERAL INSURANCE OFFICE, WATERLOO. LIVERPOOL.

EVERY HEAD of a FAMILY SHOULD SEND for HARPER TWELVETREES' Illustrated PRICE LISTS of Laundry Machinery, and pamphlet entitled," How we Wash at Home," containing most valuable practical ex- perience. Post free. HARPER TWELVETREES. Laundry Engineer. 8, City-road, London. B.C.

WE LEAD; OTHERS FOLLOW. FIRST SPRING EXHIBIT OF HIGH CLASS WOOLLEN AND READY MADE CLOTHING. WEST END TAILORING AT ECONOMICAL PRICES. SEE WINDOWS. MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED OVER 50 YEARS. HARGRAVES' TOBACCO ANP CIGAR MANUFACTORY, 44, SWAN-ST., MANCHESTER. ALL DESCRIPTIONS OF CUT AND SPUN TOBACCOS. CIGARS in Great Variety. FANCY PACKET TOBACCOS in Different Makes. SNUFFS, &c. All Tobaccos guaranteed in accordance with the Excise Law of April. 1887.

KIRKHAM AND CO., CHEMICAL ENGINEERS A. 1,11) CONTRACTORS FOR THE ERECTION 0/ EVERY DESCRIPTION OF CHEMICAL PLANT. ESTABLISHED 1857. Everything connected with the ERECTION OF ALKAL WORKS, A Speciality, including VITRIOL and BLEACHING POWDER CHAMBERS, GAY-LUSSAC GLOVER, and HYDROCHLORIC ACID TOWERS, WELDON PLANT, REVOLVER and HAND BLACK-ASH FURNACES, Re., of the latest and most efficient pattern. • Also Plant or the Manufacture of Aluminous Cake Concentrated Oil of Vitriol Ammonia Salts Rectified and free from Ar- Barytes and Barium Sake senic Bichromate of Potash Distillation of Bones. Blood Copper and Silver (Wet Pro-' and Tar ec,ises) Ether Patent Sulphate of Copper 'pas, Heating, Illuminatingand Oxalic Acid Purification Shoddy 'Manures of All Kinds Strontia Hydrate, Chloride, &c Potash Salts of All kinds Refined Oils and Metals LPaints and Colours KIRKHAM & CO. can give References to Firms for whom they have erected Plant for all the above purposes. Work carried oast Home and Abroad. ESTIMATES OFFEN AND PLANS SUBMITTED POR THE ERECTION OF NEW PLANT AND REPAIRS AID IMPROVE MRNTTI OF OLD. RUNCORN. CHESHIRE

GIVEN AWAY, YOUR. RUBBER STAMP, Elegantly Mounted, NAME IN FULL or MONOGRAM. for Marking Linen or Stamping Paper, Enclose 3 stamps for postage, Bce., to CRYSTAL PALACE, 301 IN BOND'S GOLD MEDAL MARKING INK WORKS, 73, SOUTHGATE RD., LONDON, N. Your Nickel Silver PEN and, PENCIL CASE, with yoor Name In Rubber. complete seven stamps. Business Stamps, Round, Square, or Oval, from is. Write for List. Agents wanted.

SOUTH PORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL-STREET, SOUTHPORT, Recently enlarged, is now THE LARGEST, THE OLDUST ESTABLISHED, AND THE BEST IN THE TOWN. Adjoining the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Station, and Parr's Bank,

WESTON'S Scotch Temperance Hotel, 6, Victori a- street, Douglas, Isle of Man. Five minutes' walk from landing pier, and one minute from tram cars. Hot and cold baths. With or without board.

AibrBERYSTWITH.—The Queen's Hotel, first-class Family Hotel, contains Dining-rooms, Drawing-rooms, ary, Reading. Billiards, and Smoking Rooms. Table 4 HOte at 6.30 o'clock. Tariff OR application to W. H. Palmer, Proprietor.

QOUTIIPORT.—Sunnyside, private HOTEL and BOARDING-HOUSE, Saunders-Bt.; a summer and winter residence, combining all the conveniences and sub- stantial comforts of a pleasant home ; fine sea view; near parks, pier, and trams.—Terms, 2 and 21 guineas per week.

BRAY, COUNTY WICKLOW, twelve miles from Dublin. The most fashionable watering place in Ireland. The best centre for Dublin and the picturesque scenery of Wicklow. Mrs. MILLS, PRIVATE HOTEL and BOARDING- HOUSE, Springmount, Meath load. Terms on application.

ONDON.-BERNARD'S PRIVATE HOTEL, 1, Granville Square, King's Cross Road ; blue and red trams pass Wharton-street Central for St. Pancras stations, City Temple and Agricultural Hall, Testimonials for comfort and economy from upwards of 1000 ministers and families ; Bed, Breakfast and Attendance 35., two ss. 6d., Tea 10d. Note Address.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

A WEEK AT THE SEASIDE. ABERYSTWITH.—The late Sir James Clark,M.D. says " A fortnight in Aberystwith is equiva- lent to a month's residence in most watering places. Pure water from Plinlimmon, soft breezes from the Atlantic and excellent drainage. BELLE VUE HOTEL, fac- ing the sea; Board, Bed, and Attendance (Table d'Hote Dinner at Two o'clock), from Two Guineas per week. —Notice to be given on arrival to the Manageress. W. H. Palmer, Proprietor.

ESPL AN ADE E OTEL, PORTECAWL GLAMORGANSHIRE. Facing the sea. Containing upwards of 110 rooms, lighted by electric light. Apply Manageress, Esplanade Hotel. --- MARINE HOTEL, facing the sea, containing 40 rooms. In connection with the Marine Hotel is a Terrace of 13- roomed Furnished Houses, under the same Management, where Furnished Apartments, with good attendance, and Furnished Houses can be had. Apply Manageress. Marine Hotel. Porthcawl is open to the Atlantic, has a southern aspect, dry, sandy soil, a singularly restoring and invigorating climate, end an unfailing supply of first-rate water, softened and filtered by the Porter-Clark process. Extensive downs, firm sands, and safe bathing. Sea fishing can be had, and river fishing by ticket.

LEGIT ARMS HOTEL, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS, PROPRIETOR: MR. WILLIAM BERRY. MR. W. BERRY, who has taken the above vv.ell-kwown and commodious hotel, will be glad to see all his old and new friends, whom he can supply with the best of everything. Picnic parties cartered for and every accommodation for excursionists. PROPRIETOR : WM. BERRY.

THE have not only extended their premises. but have made enormous prepara- tions for the Spring and Summer, and positively state that they never had such a splendid lot of goods; and they make this SPECIAL SHOW OF NEW GOODS so that some conception can be formed of their tremendous stock, the great variety of material, the novelty of design, the beautiful colour- ings. and the remarkable value they are offering. C.D. hope that all who can will call and M• • inspect their Stock whe her buying or not. MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 L 10, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

CYCLE REPAIRS! CYCLE REPAIRS TO AIL MAKES OF MACHINES. Anything from a nut to a new Machine. LEA S; SON, HIGH-STREET, RUNCORN. OFFICIAL REPAIRERS TO THE C.T.C.

• EDWIN LIISON • PAWNBROKER. JEWELLER, AND GENERAL HOUSE FURNISHER, 70 & 72, CHURCH-ST., RUNCORN. Cash liberally advanced on Jewellery, Watches, Silver, and Electro-Plate, Diamonds, Clocks, Bronzes, China, Furs, and Valuables of every description. DEALER IN HIGHEST - CLASS SECOND • HAND WATCHES, BRILLIANT DIAMOND BRACELETS,RINGS, SILVER PLATE, GOLD CHAINS. AND JEWELLERY. by ESTABLISHED MAKERS of high repute only. SPECIAL LIST OF CHEAP LINES FOR THIS WEEK. SILVER LEVER, by Ruqell, Liverpool, cost £6 6s. Od. Our price, £4 Os. Od. SILVER LEVER,by Harrls,Manchester, cost £6 10s. Od. Our price, £4 Os. Od. SILVER LEVER, by Pritchard, Runcorn, £3 15s. M. SILVER LEVER, by Bankes, Runcorn. £3 10s. Od. SILVER LEVER, by Carr, Runcorn, £3 3s. Od. SILVER WALTHAM WATCH, cost £3 15s. ; our price,22 Is. WATERBURY WATCHES, 10s. 64. to 17s. 6d. Every watch guaranteed. SOLID SILVER ALBERT AND SEAL. Stamped every link, 10s. 64. SOLID GOLD ALBERT, weighs six sovereigns, only £3 I7s. 64. FIRST-CLASS ENG LISII SILVER LEVER, capped, jewelled, and in perfect order, only RI 10s. Od.:. £4 Os. Od. (cost eight guineas), GRAND CENTRE-SECOND CHRONO- GRAPH, full jewelled. Warranted 7 years. LADY'S FINE GOLD NECKLET, £5 10s. Od. Cost £8 8s Od, LADY'S FINE GOLD NECKLET AND LOCKET, £7 7s. Od. Cost £l2 Os. Od. SOLID SILVER ALBERT and JUBILEE SHILLING. Only Iss. GENT'S 15-CARAT DOUBLE ALBERT. Stamped every link, £9 75. 6d. Will lend £8 on it any time. QPECIAL OFFER! WEDDING RINGS !- Pure guinea gold. 22-carat, Government-stamped 7s. in the 2 cheaper than any other house. SPADE ACE GUINEA Mounted as Pendant, 275. 6d. SOLID SILVER SNUFF BOX, 108. 6d. SOLID SILVER MATCH BOX engraved, 12s. 6d, Fine Olit VIOLIN, Splendid Tone, forfeited pledge, only 325, 6d. ALL WOOL FLOCK BEDS, 7s. Cxl., Bs. 64. 10s. 64., 128. 6d.. 14s. 6d. and 16s. 6d.. Guaranteed pure Wool Flocks. WHEATEN STRAW MATTRESSES, full size, best make, ss. 64. 7s. 64. and 9s. 6d. BEDSTEAD, BED, and MATTRESSES, the lot for 355. Great Bargain, KITCHEN HEARTHRUGS, 4s 6d, 5s '6d, Ss 64. Cheapest In Runcorn. Very Strong KITCHEN DRESSER, with seven drawers and cupboard, only £1 10s. Decided Bargain. Weekly payments. MAHOGANY CHEST OF DRAWERS, full size and well made ; only RI 15s. Splendid value. , , ANOTHER BARGAIN: STRONG SERVICEABLE SOFA, upholstered throughout in brown leather ; only £1 ss. Pay- ments taken. We have a tremendous stock of MEN'S AND BOYS UN- REDEEMED CLOTHING, which must be cleared at less than cost price. Our special value in ARMY GOODS is unequalled. Army Boots. all sizes, at 5s lid ; Army Trousers, all sizes, at is 114,28 lid ; Soldiers' Belts, real buckskin, Is each ; Soldiers' Shirts, all wool. 3s lid. Very cheap. Special Low Prices for NAVVIES' CLOTHING. Drabette Jackets, lined collar, check, 4s. 64. ; Mole Vests, lined wool check, 5s lid.; Drab and Brown Cord Vests, wool lined, 7s. 11d. ; Heavy Pilot Jackets, ss. 11d.. Is. 11d., 9s. 114., 125.64. Ship Canal Jacket, granA value. 16s. 64. Stockings, Shirts, Singlets, Drawers. Good value at low prices. BLANKETS, SHEETS, QUILTS; BEDTICKS, WOMEN'S CLOTHING. DRESSES, FROCKS, Ac., at remarkably low prices. BARGAINS FOR EVERYONE AT THE SHIP CANAL CLOTHING STORES, 70 AND 72, CHURCH-ST., RUNCORN.

IF YOU WANT GOOD BOOTS GO TO HAMER'S You ean get the BEST VALUE for your Money, the MOST DURABLE and RELIABLE GOODS, at the VERY LOWEST PRICES. "THE 'CENTRAL " BOOT STORES, 42, & 44, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, AND AT SOUTHPORT.

MEW MILLINERY. HATS AND BONNETS. _LI FLOWERS, =BONS, LACE, AND FEATHERS. NEW DRESS GOODS. NEW JACKETS. AR Grand Value. See Windows. JOHN SUTTON, 18. MARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON,

GEDDES'S DANDELION C OFFEE. The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canisters, bd., 10d., and is. 8d each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES a SON. WttrritigtOD •

TO ENGIN& PROPRIETORS. J. F. CLAYTON, LOCOMOTIVE AND STATIONARY ENGINE PAINTER. ESTIMATES FREE OW APPLICATION. ADDRESS, 39, DERBY-STREET, EARLESTOWN-NEWTON-LEAVILLOWS.

WHITE STAR LINE. - ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS.—Liverpool to New York, via Queenstown, every Wednesday.—Forwarding passengers to all parts of the United States and Canada. The splendid vessels of this Line are all uniform in model and arrangements. and unsur- passed in the completeness of their appointments for the com- fort cf passengers of all classes. Saloon Passage, £l2 to £22 and upwards. Second Cabin, £8 to £9. Steerage Passage at Low Bates. Apply to Local Agents, or to ISMAY, INERT& and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street. London, 8.C., and 10, Water-street, Liver- pool,

E MIGRATION. Intending emigrants to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, San Fransisco, Canada, China, Japan, Australia, or New Zealand, should take tickets (lowest rates) atthe " Examiner " Office, Warrington, by CUNARD, GUION, AMERICAN, and other lines. JOHN WALKER, AGENT, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, BEWSEY-ST.. WARRINGTON..

ISLB OF MAN. THE BEST ROUTE TO THE ISLE OF MAN IS VIA BARROW. Shortest Sea Passage. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted). BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 1-45 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8-30 a.m. Train in connection with steamers leaves Warrington (L. and N.-W.) at 9-52 a.m. Special Cheap Return Tourist Tickets : First-class and Saloon 225. 6d. ) Trains run Second-class and Saloon 18s. Od. .alongside Third-class and Fore Cabin 10s. 6d. 1 steamers. No cab fares. No portetage charges. Passengers may break their journey at Grange, tilverston (for the Lakes) Furness Abbey, or Barrow. NAMES LITTLE & Co.. Barrow.

ISLE OF MAN.-CHARMING BOLIDAY TOUR.M. Royal Mail and Express Steamers Daily (Sundays excepted). LIVERPOOL TO DOUGLAS. DOUGLAS TO LIVERPOOL. Daily 1 p.m. Daily 9a.m Express Service from Express Service from sth July Daily 11.15 a.m. sth July Daily 4 p.m. Saturdays 5 p.m. I Mondays I a.na. CHEAP ONE DAY EXCURSIONS By QUEEN VicToats. or PRINCE of WALES daily I rein sth July, leaving Liverpool at 11.15 a.m.. returning from Douglas at 4 p.m. Sea Passage, 31 Hours. DAY EXCURSlON—lieturn Fare : Saloon, 6s. 6d.. Fore Cabin 4s. FLEETWOOD TO DOUGLAS I DOUGLAS TO FLEETWOOD. Woekdays at 2 p.m. Weekdays at 8-30 a.m. LIVERPOOL TO RAMSEY. Saturdays and Mondays 12 noon. via Douglas Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays 1 p.m. FARES.—Return (2 months), Saloon Bs. 6d. ; Fore Cabin, 55.; Week-end Tickets (Friday or Saturday to Monday or Tuesday), Saloon 7s. 6d. ; Fore Cabin 4s. 6d. PRIZE ESSAY PAMPHLET, entitled, "A WEEK'S HOLIDAY IN THE ISLE OF MAN, AND How TO SPEND IT," forwarded On receipt of Penny Stamp by Messrs. Cook & Son, Gaze & Son, Swan & Leach, or the ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LIMITED, Douglas. -

LIVERPOOL AND LLANDUDNO IN TWO HOURS. NEW NORTH WALES STEAMSHIP COMPANY. The Magnificent Paddle-Steamers "QT. TUDNO" IND "PARIS" kJ (Capt Owari LEWIS) (Capt. Roar. Lams.) Weather and other circumstances permitting. " ST. TUDNO." " PARIS. DAILY SAILING% MONT AYS, FRIDAYS. AND (SUNDAYS EXCEPTED). SATURDAYS. Due p.m. Leaves / Due p.m. Leaves t Llandudnol.. 515 Llandudno, 12 30 Liverpool Beaumaris ...6 30 Liverpool Beaumaris, 1 302 40 p.m. I Bangor and 10 30 a,m. Garth Ferry. 145 f Menai Bridge 645 Leaves Leaves Beamnaris 310 Menai Due Garth Ferry -1 Llandudno 430 Bridge Beaurnarls... 545 30 p.m. ( Liverpool 630 and Llandudno.. 7 0 • Bangor i Liverpool 930 545 a.m. f N.B.—Tuesdays. Wednesdays. and Thursdays the Paris makes special excursions from Llandudno and Beaumaris. FARES (including Pier Dues) :—Liverpool and Llandudno: Ist class, return, 65.; single, 4s. ; 2nd class, return, 4s. ; single, 2s. 6d. Liverpool and Menai Straits: Ist, return, 75.; 2nd, return, 58. Children under 12. half-fare. For further particulars regarding fares, fic.. apply to 20. Water-st., Liverpool. T. E. BARLOW, Manager.

SCOTLAND. SPECIAL REDUCED FARES. EDINBURGH INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION AND FORTH BRIDGE. PLEASURE SAILINGS between 4itqa, LivEspoor, AND GLASGOW, CALLING AT GREENOCK. REDUCED RETTFRN FARES }.CABIN lss. ISSUED AT LIVERPOOL FOR GLASGOW, STEERAGE Bs. (Available for Seven Days). Children above 3, and under' 12 years, Half Fare. The Railway Companies in Glasgow issue CHEAP RETURN TICKETS IrOR EDINBURGH (Including Admission to the Exhibition.) The Forth Bridge is about 9 miles from Edinburgh, and there is frequent Communisation by Rail and Coach at Cheap Fares. t CIRDINARY EKTURN TICKETS k_f are available for Two Calendar Months, by OWL, or MASTIFF, but are not transferable. It not used within the prescribed period they are cancelled. No allowance made for tickets lost, mislaid, or not used. STEAM COMMUNICATION BETWEEN LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW. 1;1V4'). CALLING AT OHNIINOCIC, The first-class, full.powered Screw Steamers •biASTIFF AND OWL, are intended to sail from QTARENCE DOCK (South-west side), Liverpool, as under, carrying Goods and Passengers at terms stated in Sailing Bills, Vo be luid from the Agents. JULY. • From : From Princes Landing . Clarence Dock. Stage, prompt. MASTIFF...Monday. 7th, 2 p.m. -30 p.m. OWL Tuesday, Bth, 3 pan MASTIFF...Friday, 11th, 6 p.m. OWL Saturday, 12th. 7 p.m. Fares : —Cabin (including Steward's Fee) 12s. 6d ; Return, £.l ; Stem age, 6s. ; servants in Cabin pay lull fare. Children above two years, and under twelve years of age, half these fares. Agents r—G. and J'. Burns,- 30, Jamaica-street, Glasgow, and 10, Bernard-street, Leith ; Wißiam Sinclair, Excise- buildings, Greenock ; C. MACIVER St CO., 64, and 65. Tower-buildingl, Water-st., Liverpool. Offices of the Bridgewater Navigation Company. Limited. and Old Quay Company. 41, Queen-st. and Water-st., Man- chester, or C. Maclver, & Co., Albert-square,-Manchester.

PROPERTY. THOMAS REYNOLDS, 88 and 94, SHAW-STREET, RUNCORN, ESTATE AGENT AND RENT COLLECTOR. Have your property in Town and Country carefully manage dby a Practical Man, on the most reasonable terms. Repairs personally superintended without extra charge. Reference and security given if required. PROMPT SETTLEMENTS.

SPECIALITIES ix LADIES' GLOVES, HOSIERY, FRILLINGS, L WES, CORSETS, APRONS, UNDERCLOTHING, &C. A. -W. PAUL, LADIES' AND GENTS' OUTFITTER, 37 & 45, HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON. GENTS' SHIRTS, TIES.

JAMES G. CRAIK, THE PEOPLE'S CLOTHIER 36, BUTTERMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL DISPLAY OF READY MADE CLOTHING AT POPULAR PRICES. BOYS' Sun's AT CHAIR'S, SIMPLY ASTONISHING YOUTHS' SUITS AT CRAIK'S, BEATS EVERYTHING MEN'S SUITS AT CHAIR'S, LEADS THE WAY CORDS AND AIOLES AT CRAIK'S, FOR GOOD VALUE MEN'S CLOTHING. BOYS' CLOTHING, CLOTH- ING READY MADE, CLOTHING MADE TO MEASURE, AT CRAM'S 36, BUTTERMARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

REDUCTION REDUCTION!! REDUCTION! I ! IN TEA. THE EMPIRE TEA CO.. HAVE REDUCED THEIR CHOICE BLENDED TEAS PER 2D. POUND. Prices now are 2s. 2d., 2s. 41., 2s. 6d. and 2s. Bd. & 3e. per lb. Quality of Tea an Presents as usual. A LARGE CLOTHES BASKET, WITH ONE POUND TEA.

A great variety of LADIES SATCHELS and FANCY BASKETS tor the coming season, useful and ornamental articles too varied to enumerate. THE EMPIRE TEA COMPANY. 16. HORSEMARKET STREET. WARRINGTON.

AUSTRIAN FLOUR FOR PASTRY, In 71b. and 141 b. bags, AT pIERPOINT AND COMPANY'S, THE PRIZE MEDAL BAKERY. BRIDGE STREET, WARhINGTON.

J. M. BEACON, 14, ST. JAMES' STREET, WARRINGTON, (SEVEN' DOORS FROM BRIDGE FOOT), SOLE AGENT FOit WORTHINGTON'S cELEBRATAD BURTON ALES AND STOUTS, FINDLATER'S WELL-KNOWN DUBLIN STOUTS IN CASE OR BOTTLE, ALSO BOTTLER OE GIT 'NESS'S DUBLIN STOUT.

LICENSED FOR THE SALE OF METHYLATED SPIRITS , ISAAC SPEAKMAN, ^HEMIST BY EXAMINATION. BRIDGE-STREET PHAR- MACY, 27. BRIDGE-STREET, RUNCORN, PATENT MEDICINES (with a few exceptions) AT RE- DUCED PRICES. Viz. 2s 9d for 2s 3d, 2s 6d for 2s Id, Is lid for 101 d. 6d Nelson's Gelatine 3 for llid, is Neave's FoodB4, per tin, Ac.. SPRATT'S DOG BISCUITS 18s 6d per 112Ibs or 121bstor 2s 3d. Calabar Dog Biscuits, 12s 6d per cwt. CHEAPEST HOUSE FOR HOUSEHOLD SOAPS. Pears' Soap 3 for 10d. ; Harle- hurat's "Sun," 3 tablets for sd; Sunlight, 3in box, 7id ; Brookes Monkey Soap. 3id per lb. Homorepatldc Medicines, 6d bottle, 5d ; Vichy Waters, 36s per attse, 60.—Best and Cheapest House for White Lead, Turpen- tine, Varnish, Oil. Brushes. Ac. Send for prices. Wholesale Dealer in Petroleum Oil, Hudson's Dry Soap, Ac. Aspinall's t Enamel Paints. Cooper's Sheep Dip. 12s per dozen.

WHY has J. H. PARKINSON, Dentist (by Collegiate Ex- amination), of 46, MOSLEY-ST.. MANCHESTER, The LARGEST DENTAL PRACTICE in the PRO- VINCES?

BECAUSE the public know from personal experi- ence, and the experience of friends and relatives, that his make of TEETH, for Use, Fit. Life-like Ap- pearance, and Price, are alesolubely UNEXCELLED.

LASTLY.—Thousands are to-day in a position to vouch for the fact that by aid of his own made specially PURE LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE he not only can, but does when necessary, EXTRACT TEETH ABSOLUTELY PAINLESSLY, being now the largest maker of this speciality to dentists in the world. •Consuttations free, from 9t012&2 to 6.

HOURS OF CONSTJLTATION. TEETH. From 9 a.m. to 12 noon, and 2to 6 p.m. I. H. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Examination, 46. MOSLEY-STREET. MANCHESTER (Late 323, Oxford - street). One of the firm (qualified by Examination), attends WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles's, Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-street, from 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Miss Parson's, Confectioner, Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, at Mrs. Gibson's, 2, Castle- Street. from 2 to 5.

TO BE SOLD ON CHIEF, THE VERY BEST PLOT OF LAND IN WARRINGTON, nnbuilt upon, situate at the corner of Sankey-at. and Springfield-st., and containing 590 superficial square yards. No street making required along the front. Price 2s. per yard. APPLY, J. 11. PARKINSON, UII3.ISTON, MANCHESTER. CLOSED AT MANCHESTER DURING NI ST 14 DAYS IN AUGUST.

SUMMER TAILORING. UNSWORTH BROS'. SPECIAL DISPLAY OF SELF-GREY AND CHECK ANGOLA SUITINGS. BLACK AND INDIGO SERGES, AND WORSTED COATINGS. HIGH-CLASS SCOTCH AND FANCY WORSTED TROUSERINGS. SUMMER, COVERT, t CHESTERFIELD OVER- COATINGS. LATEST DESIGNS. CHOICE SELECTIONS IN EACH DEPARTMENT. -- UNSWORTH BROS'. TAILORS, CRICKET AND TENNIS OUTFITTERS, 24, 26, 47, 49, HIGH STREET, RUNCORN.

H EMBRY'S ORIGINAL LINOLEUM IS THE CHEAPEST & BEST. HEMBRY'S LINOLEUM for Hard Street-like Wear. HEMBRY'S LINOLEUM. 4yds. wide for Stone Floors. HEMBRY'S LINOLEUM original designs, thoroughly matured and fit for immediate laying. HEMBRY S LINOLEUM, Largest Stlck and Best Selec- tion of Patterns in the Provhees. HEMBRY'S LINOLEUM A: CORK CARPET for Bed- rooms, Ac. Estimates free. Send for samples. L HEMBRY & CO., 43 & 47, CROSS-ST., ALBERT a SQUARE. MANCHESTER. Telephone No. 537.

WILLIAM W INSTANLEY. SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER, PAINTER, PAPER HANGER, Ac., 13, PARK PLACE, KENDRICK-ST., WARRINGTON. EST IMATES FREE.

WILLIAMS & CLAY, STEAM POWER MARBLE, STONE AND GRANITE WORKS, MONUMENTAL MASONS, MARBLE MERCHANTS, AND IRONMONGERS. Spacious Showrooms for Tiled Register Grates, Kitchen Ranges; Marble, Stone, and Enamelled Slate Mantle Pieces, Monuments, Tablets, &c., CROSFIELD STREET, WARRINGTON. Carving and letter cutting of every description. Competent men for fixing Kitchen Ranges.

WADSWORTH'S ARE NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE OF THEIR BREAD AND FLOUR Try it and judge for yourselves. SHOP: 123, MERgEY-ST., WARRINGTON. SHOPS AND FAMILIES SUPPLIED DAILY.

B. CLAMP & SON, MANITFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES GLADSTONE BAG (COW-ILIDE) frOM 16s. Od. LADIES DRESS BASKETS from 245. Od. 39, DALE-ST., AND 8, PARKER-ST., LIVERPOOL.

TEETH ! TEETH! TEETH ! MACDONALD'S FREE DENTORIUM WHOLESALE ARTIFICIAL TERTII MANUFACTORY. (Registered.) By H.M.R. Letterr Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best and Cheapest Hoe ie In the Profession. Single Teeth. 25.; Sets, 208. Fit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials scd workmanshil.. Teeth extracted free from 6th /5 p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free consultations. Telegraphic Address : " Dentist,"Manchester. 29. PICCI.DILY (Opposite Infirmary Clock), MANCHESTER

BT vAm ILT MEDICINE. Used all over the world. KAYE'SI7V ORSDELL'S Established .1 nearly 100 years. AYE'S -NV ORSD E LL'S -DILLS. Purify the I blood thoroughly iTO AYE'S VRSDELL'S DILLS. VV A Mild but liffeo-1 teal Aperient TT AYE'S 11TORSDELL'S DILLS. V V Cure Indigestion, JL Headache. KATE'S TXTORSDELL'S "DILLS. V V Cure Dyspepsia, I Constipation. 1 KAYE'S WORSDELL'S DILLS.Cure Liver and 1 Nervous Complaints KORSDELL'S DILLS. AYE'S W Invaluable to 1 Ladies of all ages. KAYE'S TATORSDELLS 11)1LLS. Remove V V Irregularitlesandl Restore to Health Of all Chemists, price, Is. lid., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. per boa.

GRATEFUL AND Ep ps ' S COMFORTING.

HOUSES TO LET, at Eagle Mount and Stafford Terrace, Wilderspool ; 4 good bedrooms, usual conveniences; rent £lB.—Apply W. BOSTOCK, Builder, Wilderspool. XTEAR Market Gate, Warrington. Four large WORK- ROOMS, TO BE LET rent moderate.—Apply Mr. I ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, Market eate Chambers, War- rington.

nVERTON HILLS. near.—TO BE LET HOUSE, enter- taining room. kitchen. scullary, three bedrooms, an unlimited supply of good water at hand, rent £l6.—A. E. POLt &RD, Frodsham.

rpo LET, CORNER SHOP with HOUSE, large yard, and I_ good stabling, suitable for Baker or any outdoor busi- ness; rent moderate.—Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, solleitors, Horsetnarket-st., Warrington.

TO BE LET, at Michaelmas, FARMS in Essex, comprising 145 acres and 270. with comfortable houses and conven- ient homesteads, land in good heart and clean,fair rent and liberal covenants to good men.—For Particulars address JOSEPIZ CAYGILL. (steward), Stansted Hall Estate Office, Stansted, Essex,

TO BE LET, FINCH HOUSE. West Derby, containing four sitting-rooms, large billiard-room, seven bed-rooms, four small dressing-rooms, kitchen, and usual offices ; with 36 acres of land; accommodation for 61x horses and twelve cows; lodge and cottage.—For terms and orders to view apply to the KNOWSLEY ESTATE OFFICE, Knowsley, Prescot ; or Messrs. Lewis and Mounsey, 3, Lord-st., Liverpool.

TO BE LET, the MANSION HOUSE known as the Parson- 1. age, situate near Knowsley Park, three miles from Huyton Station, and an equal distance from Kirkby ; con- taining drawing-loom, dining-room, and breakfast-room. library, twelve bedrooms, two dressing-rooms, servants' hall and butler's pantry," two larders. storeroom, wash-house, laundry, kitchen, scullery, and cellars, with stabling for three horses, harness-room, &c. ; pleasure grounds and walled garden ; the whole standing on seven Cheshire acres of land. —Apply to the KNOWSLEY ESTATE OFFICE, Knowsley. Prescot ; or to Messrs. LEWIS AND MOUNSEY, estate agents, 3, Lord-st., Liverpool.

rrYDDYN ISAF.—BOARDING HOUSE, Red Wharf Bay, 1 Anglesea. Rome coniforts ; terms moderate.—Misses SCHOFIELD and BROOKS. riOLWYN MAY.—Maris House, Abergele-road, • FUR- NISHED APARTMENTS, Terms moderate ; Now,or can be secured far future date.

APARTMENTS.—Parlour and two Bedrooms at a quiet roadside inn, situated between Bangor Bridges.—For terms apply to Miss Joar.s, Glyn Ceris Inn, Trebortb, Bangor, N. Wales.

MRS. HOWELL, Great Georges-st., Douglas, Isle of Man, close to boatlanding ; tea, bed, and breakfast. 3s. 6d. Also APARTMENTS, bed room, sitting room, and attend- ance, 10s. 6d., per week.

APARTMENTS. Bronwen House, Barmouth, on the parade, opposite the sea ; excellent rooms; well furnished ; terms moderate; good bath-room free.—Proprie- tress. Mrs. U. GRIFFITH.

ISLE OF MAN.—Nassau House, Bride. near Ramsey.— Comfortable FURNISHED APARTMENTS TO LET, magnificent view of hills, five minutes walk from the shore. —Apply to Mrs. CORLETT.

riARNARVON.—FURNISHED HOUSE for one or two NJ months—two entertaining, four bedrooms, bathroorm&c.; sea views. Very moderate terms.—Mrs. WILLIAMS, Rose Hill, St. David's-rd., Carnarvon.

LLANDUDNO. ROBERTS, Holly Bank Boarding Estab- lishment and Winter Residence, Vaughan-st, (midway between the railway station and Esplanade, one minute from each) ; lovely view of the mountains. Moderate terms.

ISLE OF MAN, DOUGLAS. Comfortable LODGINGS, with or without board, in a well appointed house ; The Ivy Green, 4, Stanley Terrace, near Iron Pier; Terms : Tea, bed, and breakfast, 3s. 6d. ; dinner 2s. extra.-3I a. BISHOP, proprietress.

DLACKPOOL.—Mrs. GROOM, Cheshire House. 39, Queen, st. APAIIT3tIENTS near the sea. Tian°, bath, sc., terms for one, 10s. 6d. weekly, two 145., also moderate terms for private sittingroorns.

QEASlDE.—Simerior APARTMENTS, Omar by and facing 1,..7 the sea; hot and cold bath, excellent cooking and waiting. Terms moderate.—Jos, Victoria Mouse, Aberyat- with.

ISLE OF MAN, DOUGLAS.—Silisbury ilrst-eass family and commerical hotel, Victoria-st., Douglas, within one minutes' walk of pier and landing stage; terms on appli- cation.

BOURNBMOUTH, Arst-clang BOASDING and BATH BSTABLISHMBNT, near sea and public gardews, home comforts, terms from Ms.—Mrs. WOOD, Haversham, Bratsk- some-terrace.

WEST RIDING BOARDING-HOUSE, N. 29, MONA DRIVE, CASTLE MONA, DOUGLAS, nix JNO W. TURNER, Proprietor. Three minute; walk korn the iron pier.

MENAI STRAITS.—Garth Point, Bangor.—Superior com- fortable apartments. Splendid view of the Straits and Conway Bay, overlooking pier ; steamer or rail.—Mrs. Itu'lns- ERFORD, Bryn-y-don, Garth, Bangor.

A SHBOURNE.—Pleasant APARTMENTS; ten mintitew ..11 walk from town, two and a half miles from Dovedale 1 first-class references and fishing if required.—A.M., Clevediwr Terrace.

DOUGLAS, 'tux or MAN—Private APARTMENTS, with, or without board, private or public sitting rooms terms moderate, piano.—Mrs. Kfrrosrort, Clifton House, Clifton-terrace, Broadway (opposite Stanley-terrace). Three' minutes from Iron Pier.

WANTED, a YOUTH or MAN, living in Runcorn or Frodsham, to take a newspaper round in the country on sattutlaye, good wages,—Addrese Examiner Office Warrington.

CANADIAN FARMINEL—WANTED, immediately, 13 young gentlemen, for selected farms, at Ltran and Birr. Ontario; comfortable homes; careful sapervlsion, and pay from commencement; premium BIS 18a.., which includes 2nd class fare through to destination ; every iinquiry courted. Call or write Messrs. A. Pernma and Som. Colonial /teal Estate Brokers, 36, South John-st , Liverpool.

22 WEEKLY realised by either sex withort hindrance to ocoupation.—For sam ' ple Sm., enclose addressed en- velope to EVANS. WATTS, AND CO. (P 60) Merchants, Bir- mingham.

TSUI OF MAN, DOUGLAS.—Mrs.SHAw, 35, Castle Mona Avenue (late of Lily Bank House, Broadway), close to the sea and iron pier; comfortable apartments; good accommo- dation; with or without board ; moderate terms; piano.

YOUNG LADIES who want to be independent, and make their own way in the world, should write for prospectus of the Scientific Dress-Cutting Association, 212, Regent-st., London, W. Situations found for all pupils at good salaries.

PURE RUBBER STAMPS of all kinds, direct from the maker, W. E. SMITE. Rubber Stamp Works, South- port ; any two-letter monogram, or full name, with box, pad, and ink (coloured or marking), post free, Is.—AGENTS WANTED.

MBMORIAL CARDS, Circulars, Bil!heads, Memoran- dums, Tickets, Handbills, Window Ms, Posters, and printing of all kinds, executed with neatness and despatch by JOBB S. GREEN, the Borough Press, 34, Bridge-street, Warrington.

WRITING, Bookkeeping, Arithmetic, Business Corres- pondence Shorthand (Pitman's) successfully taught through post. Proficiency guaranteed. —.lsmrs and ACOBS. 77, Wellington-rd., Stoke Newington, London. Special terms to lady students.

YOUR FUTURE FORTUNE One year, Is. Id. Whole lifetime, 23. 7d. Planets ruled, fuller. ss. 6d. Whom you will marry; correct word portrait of future Husband or Wife, is. 3d., fullest particulars, 2s. 7d. State birthtime.— MISS CICELY OSYTH, Sunbury, Middlesex.

A FEW ADDITIONAL AGENTS and CANVASSERS 11. WANTED, in Warrington, Widnes, Runcorn, and St. Helens, for a large and wealthy institution. Exceptionally good terms for good canvassers.—Apply, by letter. to Mr. J. PODMORF., Bewsey Chambers. Warrington.

THE MATRIMONIAL NEWS, a Weekly Family Journal, published every Saturday. price 3d., post free 31d., enclosed as a letter 40., and contains the Au ;s of about 300 Candidates for Matrimony every week, a),000 already married. Everybody should read it. Published at 273, Strand, London, and may be had through any News- agent. The trade supplied on sale or return. The original and only reliable paper. Established 40 years.

TILE ALOFAS COMPANY S SAFE HERBAL SPECIALTIES. ALOFAS TINCTURE.--Cure cure for Consump- tion. Bronchitis, Pleurisy, and all throat and chest diseases. ALOFAS POWDER.—Cures all Wasting Diseases, , Night Sweats, Debility, Brain Fag, ice. ALOFAS PILLS, for Indigestion, Constipation, and all Liver and Bowel Disorders. ALOFAS STOMA.CHIC.—Cures Flatulence, Heart- burn, Sour Eructations, and all kidney and heart troubles. ALOFAS EMBEOCATION.—A boon to Athletes, Cures Sprains, Rheumatism, Stiff Joints, 840. ALOFAS OINTMENT for Chaps, Chilblains, Cracks, Rough Skin, Ulcers, &e. ALOFAS RINGWORM OINTMENT. A Sure Cure. ALOFAS OINTMENT for Piles. Most effica- cious. The ALOFAS Remedies, price is. 11,d per box or bottle; larger sizes, 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d, Sold by all Chemists, or post free from THE ALOFAS COMPANY, 20, NEW OXFORD-STREET, LONDON, W.C. SEND post-card for the Alofas Guide to Health and Al; manack, tor 1890, forwarded post free on application.

Trio BE SOLD, the FREEHOLD of a small, compact Hotel, together with free, full license, and fittings, situate fa Birkenhead, close to Ferry and Railway Stations, will be sold by mortgagee for value of freehold.—Apply W. E. NEL- SON, 6, Stephenson Chambers, Lord-st., Liverpool.

9 BE SOLD by private treaty Extensive and Eligible 1. Leasehold IRONWORKS, in Dallam-lane, Warrington, with the PLANT, MACHINERY, and TRADE FIXTURES, therein. The buildings consist of Wiredrawing Mill (two storys), Engine House, Pot-shed, Galvanizing-shed, and Spinning-room. The total area of thepremises is about 15,730 square yards, and there is a siding connected with the L. & N.W. Railway. The property could be readily adapted for any manufacturing purposes. For full particulars descrip- tion of machinery and permission to view apply to Messrs. ASHTON & WoOns, Solicitors, 55. Horsemarket-st.. Warring- ton.

SIX CABINET PORTRAITS. 3a; 3 for 2s. 12 Carte Por- traits, 2s 2d : 6 for Is 4c1,. 8 inch enlargement, 3s 3 for 6e.. Stamp size, 24 for is. 464, 100 for 3s. Send Carte or Cabinet and postal order, and you wil receive Highly Finished Copies, with origlnah—Fnanta 8/ Co., 29, Ludgate Hill, London.

QT. AIIifEGO HEALING SALVE,for old sorer, bum, gone VI brevets, glandular swellingsi skin eluptions. Hazes md. an is. Ifd. post free from P: Garai:neer, Druggfet, Magherafett,lreland.

PDIGS. PIGS !—NOTED NORFOEit BRZED, 6d., Mb., 255. and 275. 6d. each. Vollovvisg.spechsr carriage pail. 10 £7 10s., 6 larger RS; 6E66 £7 10s. 61 6 £lO.--li. nARRISON.Fakenham, Norfolk.

ROBERTS' I'BA.-25. Tea reduced to le. 6d. 31/1 sampltr 40. Is. Bd. Tea reduced to Is. QV flb.' sample 4. is. 6d. Tea reduced to'. 2d. ilb sample' et. Ritberte We. cheapest bacon matt on earth. Butcher's Market 1 %wring..

ADIES, THE ESING AND SHORT OF IT IS, all gsed in, AA my new process of making up Ladies Heir oowdlings, a 2s. per oz., returned Rants day if Postal order' senW along, with Hair.--BRown Hairdresser, Wigmaker, Sie.. 3. Leece-streeZ, top st Bold-street, Litetpool.

QANFOBD'S POISON foe killing Bats answers well. A.J After one dressing found 136 dead next, moriting.....r. Bliss, Relsthorpe, Leighton. Save Wheat rields,bY dretning. with SANFORD'S Mies. Parma. Answered welir fat -last" 30 years. Send is. 2d. tryßexpelarn & Sole, SanO, Bads; and , try it.

FOTRCT your Gardens- frosts Ravages of Blrds.—Tanriscl Netting, 35 squaserystrds ter Is. Will not zet. it left out, is ati weather. Sent, any width, carriage paidbti all brders over Sc. As supplied' tb the Royal GardenV Sent on approval. Commoner Netting, at 50 square yardx;li.- Hun+ (beds of Testimonials. Establ7shel 170 years.—MY i JdEfft ekasrsow, Fish MerchanNllye. Sussex.

• 1 WARDED Fl j?HIZB MEDAL,- Adelaide Jubilee Exhibiting 1887.. and Sydney Cnitenary' :Exhibition. 1888. TO) PICTURE FRAME MAKERS• ,AND DECORATORS. Cheapest House 1i London fOrEnglish and Foreign Pltture•Frarne and Room Moulding the newest siesigns. Two minor' feet alwaysin Stock- Veneered and fancy wood!, mouldings, etc. Picture frames of essay description, oleographa,&c. Farther reduction in prices: Wholesale Carver and GiltiOri Evevy requisite for the trade 'and.expertation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in pattern book and cataldgue (revised) for three penny stamps.—H. MOBELL, ITrand 18, Great? St. Andrew-st., Bloomsbury; London. Stook litts snd prices of glass monthly. free.

IRON B UTIGIIITISGSt BRUCE &V STILL, NORFOLK-STLHET.;,LIVERFOOL, 005 TRACTORS FOE IRON BVILDINGS AMY, RGORS: Cl.krcbea, Schools, Missiortitooma„ Hospitals, Cricket and Lawn Tennis FarßiOns,. Coniery Roofs. Ware. - Boozes, Stores, Billiard Booms-, Clubs, Shootaag4 Lodges, C)titaged, Huts, FARM BULLn/NGS, Hay and Corn Sheds, Lakyrs,Dairie.s, Stables. &et. Highest Testimonials L-oos the Leading Clermi. Architects, anclAgricufturists. MSTIMATES AND /17PLICA.TION, CONTRACTORS TO ;MAL'S GOVERNMENT. -

VORTII STEEL RIVET WORKS, Rank Hall, Liverpool Rtrets in steel or iron for ships., boilers, girders, tanks,„ &c.—Ciltotations OR applicatiOn ; tdephonic numlserr 2670 ; telegraphic address, FORTH, Rivet.

N'ERTICAL BOILERS aml ENGINES. from 1 t 0,14 horses': power, are kept in stoek.for immediate dellvery. corn. bined or separate, Of best construction. and at low prices, at* COLTMAN & SONS' Midland.lron-works, Loughborough.

STRAM BOILEIL—ON SALE, Steam BOILER 301 t. by at., Pollitt's Patent of, Bottom ; can be seen working.,; instired for 751bs. pressure ioilso small boiler, laft: 6in• 6ft., working at 50Ibs. pressons.—Address liinsfelen GALna- WAY, Bridge Mills, Livses, Blaakharu.

HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACII BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Ifigla class CARRIAGBS- at Moderate Prieto. Good Steak to select from. Estimatoo for Repairs given free. Tho,best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Lac.daus, Victarias, Wagonettes, and Phwtens. now for Sale or H:te.

A,TENT OFFICE, MANCHESTER I Fr".*M.BLISIDID IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVI ES Sr. SON have had more than Sayears' personal experience in connection with this Establishntant, and possess practical knowledge of the cottons woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to.,the New Patent Law'. price 6d, " Colonial an IPoreign Patent Laws, price 18. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

TO STEAM USERS: LANCASTER 130ILER COMPOSITION is the cheapest and best in the market, effectual:l7 PREVENTING SCALE AND CDRROSION. IN BOILERS. JOSEPH STOREY & CO., Heron Chemical Works. Lancasiar.

p ECKBP T & SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BuILDBEs: BRISTOL. Have in stock a New Locomotive Engine with cylinders 161 n. diam. 221 n. stroke. 6 wheels coupled. Various other sizes in progress and can give quick delivery. Photographs, Prices and Specifications upon application.,

k.A EORGE JACKSON, FAWNIIILOKRII, JEWELLER AND SILVERSMITH, 59, Arm 61, CHURCH-St., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES, JEWELLERY, marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and ECEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold. and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONKF LENT. CHATWOOLYS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF' sAngs.

VVE have a choice and varied assootment of neirS' and YOUI2IIS' SUITS, for Walkiwg Day, vtlkieft for price, in, quality, and, finish, we venture to assertv will be found unequalled in Warrington. Call and flew. , WEIIICIX PAYMENTS TAKEN.

JUST PORFEITEA English Silver Lever WATCH. by those celebrated makers " Johnson and Son," of Derry and London Watch is very highly -finished, and has all modem impedvements can thoroughly re- commend seine, and will give a written , guarantee for life years, cost when new 2 1.7 six guineas. Wilt take S WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. ' • • OWING to the duty haeThg been, taken from gold, we are nowenabled to offer a most massive and sold Geld WEDDING RING, Government stamped,. Pos. • WEEKLY P.A.PMENTS TAKEN.

. . Q, OLID GOLD KEEPLPItS; Grerern- -1,7 rnent etampedi grand pattems to eborase from, massive'and broad, only' 4111 D & 5S 11.D.' Worth double. wEEKLI. PAYMIEITS 7-I.IIEN.

ADIT'S first•class WATHIr, equal t34new, every act Dan bully jewelled fa rubles. atout Hall marked cases, beantifultr engraved, handsome hand ' painted: porce- lain diaA, warranted for btiree yettna. Cost 1117 s 9a 425. Will take • WEEKLY PAYMEXTS. TAKEN.

COLWYN BAY HIGII4 SCIIOOI,-A. sea-side HOME', acHoor., for BACPWATAD BOYE;tvkt. require special attentkur. Mr. OWEN hits hint etreeptionakemperience Inv teaching tor/Award pupiE.

ADIES' SCHOOL, MELiI-IYPH3tJSE, JIYIBAM. —lnclue terms, spectal ` tor °lvo', ortcrersces to 'parents, vacancy for articled ptatiiii—Plincipals, Oho liasses ICULKET (Miss S..Balket, L.L.A)

i,ZEAFIELD SCHOOL, LYTHAM! WaIk:MIMED ,lit-T 1847. Prineipal—J. S. sLisirty,' M.X. Lfl.D Speeia .atiVention to dentate. and backward iboys. infbrrnation ;respecting terra % references, and recant'. successes on •apprication.

IVOUNG LAW at sea sii woalil like to take Jr, entire charge-of two little bevcand wenta preposse them fbr school by teaching for two hours dilly.-4—Englislh. dittvftg and Latia. Every home-comfort, terms ramterate. —M. P., Post Offkel Colwyn Bay.

4.1...,E11. SIDE HOME SCHOOL for littlb Boysreon- ,o. dticted by Miss M. B. WITLIAMSON and Bliss A. BOBBIBTS.—Heather Brae, Sonthbdurne•mr-Ses, Hurts- Terms moderate and inclusive. Special advantisges, for 'delicate boys. liefirrences to medicabmen.

rEIHR: SOUTHERN COLLEGE,. PANNAL. ASH, X ]Fril.RROGATNI—Careful Indittautst,tuit#Lat bytlicenin- cipal; M. PAYTON, whose pupils are sueoessfUl. Yermunioderate anenclusive. Pro.speottis, . on, applteu- j 'Oen, Merences. Studies resumed43dly

!WATERLOO, HIGH SCHOOL FOR Grns, vr PARK IIOIttE, WATERLOO *PARE; near-LLTEIt- VOOD. First-class-Medern Boarding.nad DAT Seiko); gem- l'taningmnral, physitial, and intellect:nil tiraininep Good ploy j!grouncli Lawn Tennis, sea bathing. Pees fronts 133 gamuts rPor" term. Dap Ptyptis 2 to 4 guineas. Ptespeotuseo on application to the Lady Principal.

,SE Al ID E BOARDING SCHOOD,, MARL- BOROUGH HOUSE; C E V-EiD ON, SO NUE RE ITEID MISTRESMEct, , Miss,IMOMAS, Inter. London.'B.A; ; Miss FAISICHT. High'Sclivel Education. Healthful Ccantry Life; Excellent References. • Considerable redimtion in terms tOII twomethree vacancies. • Hilf term commences Jura: 20vn.

.poTB L E I?: GRAMM AR SI'GO L. WARRINGTON.. PIOITNDED A.D. ICS& Head Master: The Rev..E. J. WILLCOCHS,,..M.Ai,_ Le.te-Stitolar at R. Catherine's Colidger .Cacriftsidge: Second Master: The Rev. H. G. SMITH; M.A.:, Scholar of Sc. John's College, Cambridge.; And-five Assistant Masters: 7.ldefSchoelcontaitis-ftwo divisions. Tfl work of:thoLswer , Division comprises a.vogular course of instructioa, in, Rtigileh, , French, the rudiments. of Latin, elementary Mathematics-and I Sbience4 watt Reading; Writing, Arithmetic, ,Dasiwingi. and Vocal Mule, and all other elements • of, a sounctmcdtria education. Di the Upper Division, tho.-ehbice, iisA offered of a thorough mercantile or high classical course; German. and Greek being optional subjects. Tvrelvo Wee. Scholarships. Tire IWeibitions...to,Ott. ford and .Cambridge: The yearii-dividediuto three Terme. . OtrpitatiemPees, everything included an4'23ver term In efe.Upper and Lovrer-Divisions resneothrigy. EMrimer, Pee, £l.

_ fit IW. kjOILLECtitE, WELLENGTON. SHROPSHIRE,. PrillOipta MR. J. BAYLEY- I-Ill's College, expressly lnsiitt for Education's] L. purpoees, le splendidly situated for healtleo The School- rooms.Leoture-roonh and Chemical Laboratoryare very com- modious,. and furnished with eve-y cmodern requisite for seholastic.work. There are Twelve Ttrimis Courts, largo play- ground and sSivimming Bath, and Filotball and Cricket-Flelds. Pupils are preparedifor the Universities and for-Local Exam- inations held by Onmbridge University. College of Preceptors, and South. Kensington (Science lad Art). In five years, upwards. of 270 boys have passed, in one or -more of these Examiradions, and, more than 4(10 'Certifstates have- been gained. Iu 1884-251 d placo.in England wal-wen for Scripture—Cam- bridge University. ltt pleee•in England for DruNving.,..and 4th For General 1885-3 l nd; 7th, atle lc lith placus.iskEneand Proficiency 1886--Std; Bthi and 10th le 10 ).in College 1887--IBt,and Mit 1888-4th and 18th „ ) Preceptors. 1887--11 t in, England in English?: &ibises. Boa-keeping, Historr., and Geography: 2tulimEnglanclby two of our boys bracketed in Meneuratiou. 48 boys passed Xmas4BB9. RESIDENT MASTERS. Mr. G. Hamm,. BA., London.lPnivereity (Honoured* Eng- lish). Cunworan, 8.A., and 3Ubi.bitioner of ring'a College, Cambridge. CARS,LSr.„ 8,A., 2nd Ginn Honours, at. Science Tripos, Cambridge. Ma:.3c G. Irsorii.sr, Ist B.A. Eondon, University% Mr..H. T. EIRI4EIi, Matric. Loudon University. Radom Lauguages—Monsieur NON-RESIDZEP: MaSTERS. Drawing--Mr. G. W. SHEPFERID. Ifusic anal Singing—Mr. M. APLISO.7*, • 37ainting—Mr. G. WEBB. C.M.

'lrrO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.--A PHYSICIAN a many years' practise. irt Nervons. Disorders (now ' retired), IS ANXIOUS ma lIELICEVE sabring humanity; his taysnrite prescription he will send free to all sufferers.— Address Dr. BROWN, the Ilomelamd, Cavendish-road, Balham, London, S.W.

ItfFN.—NERVOUS DEBILITY and all kindred 1.11. troubles confidentlly treated, no inward medicine re- quired ; fully state case and enclose stamped envelope for advice, &C.—GEORGE RAPP, 2a, Great Ituese Northamp- boa.

THE ORDER DEPARTMENT. THE M.C.D. is showing a magnificent collection of high-class WOOLLEN CLOTHS and WORSTED SUITINGS, comprising all the best makes of the West of England. Scotch, mull Yorkshire manufacturers. Scotch Tweed TROVSERS (to measure) 10S. OD. SUITS do. ' 375. 6,. Solid Worsted GOAT and VEST (to measure) 30s. Solid Worsted ITITS. to measure, bound edge 42 6S. D. Gents Tweed SUITS, choice patterns, to measure 475. 6D. MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 atm 10, HORSEMARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

LEASEHOLD DWELLING-HOUSIS, lit WIDNES. TO HE SOLD BY Ali CTION, by •MR. BARNETT DUTTON, Rie THE CigrrrnAL HOTEL, WIDNES, ON MONDAY, "fJuLY, 1890; at dye for Eft o'clock p.m., subject to conditions' to be then pro- duCett The eight DWELLING-HOUSE'enumbered 67 to 81 (odd ntimbers inclesive), in Beaumont-st„ Widnes. The site (inducing btreet and passage land) contains-779 square yards. Term 999 years (lest one day) from Ist March. 1871. Gross annual rental, £72 16s. Apportioned ground rent to pay £l2 19s. ad. For furtNer particulars apply to the AITCTIONEER, Oakland- et., Widnee ; Mr. S. °Snag, Estate Agent, 66, Victoria-road, Widnes ; or to Messrs. FARRAR and HALL. Solicitors, 79, Fountain-at,, Manchester.

CRO.SBY AND WALKER'S GREAT MIDSUMMER SALE, , , COMMENCING JULY Ist. . . , WOND HO:U,S VA- glitAiN'S. , . : SPECIAL VALUE! SPECIAL VALUE I . , . Rear.lottr Catalogues-. . , , . ' PEES BY POST I MIMS IllY POST t . , , . Ml:H.—Ladies can competefer the Plines-theiongli the Pod. 13:A1s4rown each department ter, the ainotint ordered will be enetlasechirs the parcel. Carriage paictori'all milers, of 10s. anal upodirde% . 50 CASA:PRIZE:4a 1 , . A Novelty In, Advertibing.• l : 321,0 TO BE a IIV•13 N. AyIVA4,. I , -- ' FIRST P 11173, £5O. REASONSTSES DOING SO.—We haveme sendinetifill! or. , lafiantfirople- etijiet in view in giving avtay,thiegnso,.. It ts ' : sirnpl,,i; commercial speculatieet Our Aspe is "Bat it will .. nficke'-is nwmher Of people 'who have never:: visite& us to be- iconic regnhar customers. At ous--last sale our: heves Ve4llo' more than realised; and we nave therefore devised Pe, try the , mperinieat 'once -more. : HOW n., OWPAIN A SHARD 0F,1T."--Thb-cmstbmer: who epenchithe largest amount of money at. our, establish- mentddring the, Saie, which will m tend from'lfiesdays..Tuly Ist; to Tueday, September 30th, will-decelveliemonev a prize orbensiwof-R5O. The embower who spends, the next largest ansount•whil receivein money a prize or tonus,of £2ff4 The- cultOnaer NOM spenclbthe next largest-amount- Will Irecsiiro in mciaey is prize'of £l5-.. The next largest purclimerißlo. The' neMilargdt nurchissen 25.. 10 prizes le £1 each wiA be given: to da6,10 next' largest purchasers. For the-benefit cl- our smaller purchasers we also, off•e• the,followingwrizes :.-The ens-Amer-who makes-the greatest nugther of purchases daring the three months of :our sale will rece,,vd£lo in money rethe first prize-; the customer who makes Ddemecond largest -num- ber of ' purchases will receive a prim'-of R 5 in money ;,..the, third Will receive-2:10s. •, the fourth, ..V 5n ; thefifth'., 21 ; the sittlf,elssi There-will also be 29 ?tires of ,10s. eachder, the nert‘29-custioneers•ot the largest masher of parchases. '2II4I•I'RIZES WILL ALL BE PIM IN MONEY, , CATAILOGUBS OF BARGAINS PEED. CATMOGUES OF BARGAINS FREW-. CATALOGUES, OF BARGAINS;•FREEY. .. CEn 04S- B. In AND W ,A..L MADWFACTURANS AND WAIMIBOUSEMEN., . BfAttoPB; ottniAm-sTErmr, MANCHESTER.

DR. SCOTPS- BILIOUS and LIVER PILLS • i ThiliZaiest MkHeine,. 1 )11. 5C 'OTT'S,- PILLS • , cure sick headne.bes and giddiness. DR. 2COTT'S BILLS cure indigestion, and Ottnienoy: .. DR. SCOW'S-DILLS • enre costitteneesntichatomaetalpeirass DR. SCOTT'S • PILLS cure Lassitude and IIierVAUS Depression:, 1 DR. SCOTT'S' PILLS restore the appetite anti promote .tlignatiorn, DR. SOUTTIS RILLS . .. strengthen the whole system, DR. SCOTT'S, BILIOUS and LIVER P11,1..c}:. Some unserupalous persons, for thissaka ,of making a lsrger profit, cnaptry tapersuade you to, buy some prepam-- tion of their own. De .nos do so, but insist on-having Dr. Scott's Bilious and ' Liver Pills, which aramrappecl in a square- green package, 'hewing the name of the. proprittere - W. LAMBERT, .173; Seymonrsplace. London, WY By post,for-14 tig• 34 stamps. . _

BOYDELL. BROS., 1-LrGAII CLASS TAAILORB4,, 37, BRIDO-11.5T.. WARALNGTON. ALSWA.V33AtiaIEBSTEIL LIVEZROOL:AdiII.STi: -11ELENS.

'flt:E, • EXAMINER,. - SATURDAY. JULY 5,1890.

FOR PURITY, FRAGRANCY. AND ECONOMY. TRY HENRY MILLING & CO's. CELEBRATED TEAS • EVERYONE OF WHICH HAS PASSED THE SEVEREST ANALYTICAL TESTS. HENRY MILLING & CO., LTD., TEA SPECIALISTS, 5. HORSEMARKET-ST. 48, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON. ,

1 CONTENTS OF INSIDE PAGES. PAGE POETRY AND VARIETIES "CAPITAL CHAT" 2 HOW TO WIN ELECTIONS 2 DEATH OF MR. W. CRAWFORD, M.P, NEW TALE :—NO ROBBERY 2 IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT HORRIBLE OUTRAGES IN ARMENIA 3 ORANGE RIOTING IN ULSTER 3 WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL 3 WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS 3 BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES 6 CRICKET MATCHES NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS 6 THE BARROW ELECTION THE CHESHIRE POLICE INQUIRY TRADE RIOT AT LEEDS 6 THE FATAL RAILWAY COLLISION AT EAR,LESTOWN 7 THREATENED CRISIS IN THE TELEGRAPH SERVICE FLOODING OF A WELSH MINE 7 THE FATAL ACCIDENT AT DALLAM FORGE 7

on the 27th inst.—George Webib), was fined 10s. and costal for driving a horse and cart on the footpath, at Rixcon, on the 19th ult. - WARRINGTON OCCASIONAL COURT. MONDAY.—Before Mr. T. H. Pearson. DRIINICENNESS.—A labourer named William Winstanlev was charged with being drunk at Haydock on the 29th June, and was fined ss. and costs. He was committed to prison in default of payment.

• A: WONDERFUL MEDICINE, BEECIE.AM'S..PILLS A RE Universally admitted to be worth a Guinea aBo t for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Paimin the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches on the Skin, Dis- turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous mid Tremb- ling Sensations, he. . The first dose will give relief, in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Boxof these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be WORTH A GUINEA A BOX, • For females of all ages these Pills are•invaluable, as a ea : doses of themharry off all humours. and bring about all that Is required. No female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found equal 'to Beecham's Pills for removing anj, obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken ac- cording to the directions given with each box, they will soon restore females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits Which are ensured by their bee. For a Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion, and all Disorders of the Liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders on the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muScular system. restore the long lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud of health the whole physical energy of the human frame: These are PACTS testified continually by members of all classes of society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is, BEECHAM'S PILLS have the Largest Sale of any Patent Medicine in the World. BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS. As a remedy for: Coughs 14 general, Asthma, Bronchial Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the Chest, Wheezing, he. these Pills stand un- rivalled. They Me the best ever offered the public, and will 'speedily remove that sense of oppression and difficulty of breathing which nightly deprive the patient of rest. Let any person give BEECHAM'S COUGH PILLS a trial, and the most violent Cough will in a short time be removed. Prepared only, and Sold Wholesale and Retail, by the Pro- prietor, Thomas Beecham, St. Helens, Lancashire, in Boxes, Is. lid. and Is. 9d. each. Sold by all Druggists and Patent Medicine Dealers every,- where. N.B.—Full directions are given with each box. •

to, St. Jacobs Oil has cured thousands of people of Itneumatism and 'Neuralgia who had suffered for years. WHY? BCCalln it 113 peculiar to itself. It is wholly unlike any other remedy. It possesses wonderful penetrating power. It treats the disease at the foundation. It goes straight to the spot. It acts like magic. It conquers pain. It only needs to be compared, with any. o' her liniment or embrocation to demonstrate is MI. PbrIOFILY 4)ver all. It is an outward application.

A RIOX TO .11.11,1 YA • Br CAPTAIN FRED. BURNALY • .Royal Horse Guards. . See page 13 r---" Two pairs of boots lined with tor wca, als taken; and for physic—with which it is as wen to be supplied when travelling in out-of-the-way places—some quinine, and Cockle's Pills, the latter a most invaluable medicine, and one VZ,liich I have used on the natives of Central Africa with the greatest possible success. In fact, the marvellous effects pro- duced upon the mind and bdcly of an Arab Sheik, who was im- pervious to all native medicines. when I administered to him five COCKLE'S PILLS, will never fade from my memory; and a friend of mine, who passed through the same district many months afterwards, in formed me that my fame as a ' medicine man' had not died out, but that the marvellous cure was even then a theme of conversation in the bazaar."

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS TitE OLDEST PATENT MEDICINE. In Boxes at Is. 10., is. 9d., 4s. 6d., jig., and 225,

COCKLE'S ANTIBIL lOUS PILLS. THE SLYEST FAMILY APEUIENT. Itx Boxes at is. lid., 2e, 9d., 4e. 6d., lie., and 22e. COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS THE ONLY PREPA.EATIO they place before the Public.

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. TEE BUT FAMILY MEDICINE. In Boxes a Is. 1 d. 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d., lls. and 2.25.

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS IN. 'USE EIGHTY-NINE YEARS. 4, GREAT ORMOND-STREET, LONDON.

4 s 1 r.,,.: 00 NSEED ~,i, ITT Eris Is the . fil :, F i REST, SAFEST, CHEAPEST, and t/ ) •°,% 'A" i , MOST MARVELLOUS !..;f7A ,,: "4 PI of all m 7—ltt 4--..tt.,, /40,4 EDlct..s v .- * EARTH T fo, 7 for the BLOOD, LIVER, 457 Illt ft . STOMACH, KIDNEYS, HEART, - • A 1104 and NERVES. IVIOONSI EEO lIITTIMIZS. No Disease The result of as years' No Disease No Disease -careful tshteudAyutahioidrs,test by No Disease A. E. POWELL & CO. No Disease MANOR HOUSE, No Disease NO Disease SWINDON,No Disease who have No Disease Saved Thousands INo Disease from Early Graves, No Disease and who have Received No Disease • 28,000 Testimonials, lib Disease proves that this great corn- No Disease o Mnd No Disease? ,!1 No Disease ot°”ead f oonseedr mighty healing agea nts No Disease to tmheenontpi, tAeleeediec tin,elll, known No Disease No Disease I.)e depended upon in build- NO Disease INics Disease 'f:Tresu,p and "restoring nervettt No Disease No Disease ims,te shattered rctoan.seudt u t i o n , No Disease No Disease :used. No Disease No Disease MOONSEED BITTERS Na Disease Stamps se out all Diase. No Disease OF ALL CHEMISTS, No Disease ii;.1301%.t a ftxi!;& 2 s.i. No Disease No Disease No Disease sSize, or Post-free from No Disease A. E. POWELL & CO. No Disease PAMPHLETS No Disease OF ALL CHEMISTS.No Disease N Disease Sole Wholesale Agents, .....o ..... No Disease Messrs. EDWAR AiDS, o Disease QueeLnoeVdicdteo,rizacS.treet, No Disease No Disease No Disease • CAUTION. No Disease N 3if. uSstenefdr NO Disease No Disease Disease t teFs aratesl es s than 4s. 6d. No Disease No Disease oNrotasioodp.uyWit.e Warn Yon No Disease

HEALTH, STRENGTH, AND ENERGY TAM LALOR'S PHOSPHODYNE, For TWENTY-FIVE YEARS has maintained Its world Wide reputation as the ONLY SAFE, RELIABLE, PROS PHOBIC REMEDY ever discovered for the Permanent Cure of Brain Wreckage, Paralysis, Sleeplessness, Harassing Dreams, Premature Decay of Vital Power, and all Fun, tional and Diseased Conditions of the System, dependent upon the deficiency of the Vital Forces. It Cures Dyspepsia, Nerve, and Heart Disease. Cures Kidney and Liver Complaints. Curs§ all Blood Disorders. Cures consiimption and General Debility. Checks all wasting of the Vital Forces From whatever cause arising. The effects of this Standard Phosphoric Remedy in Nervou Debility and its Kindred Evils is immediate and permanent, all the Miserable Feelings and Distressing Symptoms disap- pearing with a rapidity that is REALLY MARVELLOUS. THOUSANDS OF UNIMPEACHABLE TESTIMONIALS. Sold in bottles at 4s. 64. by all chemists. Sent free in Great Britain, on receipt of P. 0., from DR. LALORS PHOSPHODYNE LABORATORY. HAMPSTEAD. LONDON. N.W.

HAVE YOU PAIN From Gravel. Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind, and Water Complaints, Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gleet, Stricture, Sciatica, Rheuma- tism, and. Sleeplessness ? If such is your case, you will find a positive cure in HOLDROYD'S GRAVEL pus. ONE DOSE RELIEVES! ONE BOX CURBS! I "Cleckheaton, Jan. 10th, 1886.—Mr. Holdroyd.—Dear Sir,— The pain between my shoulders, and the excruciating agony I have suffered in my back, is now c, mpletely cured. I must confess that the first dose gave me great relief, and the small box that I procured from you has cured me. You can publish this."—JAMES PHIESTMAN. .E2O FOR ADVICE AND MEDICINE. " Attereliffe, Sheffield, July 24th, 1886.—For over ten years I have suffered from Gravel, and have spent over £2O in advice and medicine. A. friend of mine desired me to try your Pills. The first dose gave me great relief. I, can confi- dently say that one box of these Pills has done me more good than all the medicine I have taken. I do hope you will make them known to the public.—JAMES SWIFT." " Bervie, Kincardineshire,Aug., 30th, 1886.-1 have suffered for more than two years from Bloody Gravel, and could find no remedy until I was recommended to get a box of your Pills. Three boxes cured me—ROBERT MEnn." "Birmingham, October 2,1889.—1 have been afflicted with Sciatica ; tried two eminent London Physicians with no relief. Slx boxes Holdroyd's Gravel Pills cured me.—WM. GREEN." Try a small box, and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Price 16.10. and 2s. 98. (less than id. per dose). Of all Chemists,or post free for 12 stamps,from troldroyd's Medi- cal Hall, Cleckheaton, Yorkshire. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them, write at once to the Proprietor, and a box will be sent next post. Sold by ECKERSLET, chemist, Warrington, and SPEAKMAN, chemist, Runcorn.

KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. KRATINCi'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs. Moths, Beetles.

This Powder, so celebrated, is perfectly unrivalled in destroying BUGS, FLEAS, MOTHS, BEETLES, and all Insects (whilst perfectly harmless to all animal life). All woollens and furs should be well sprinkled with the Powder, before placing away. It is invaluable to take to the Seaside. To avoid disappointment insist upon having " Keating's Powder." No other Powder is effectual. Sold on/y in tins, 6d., Is., and 2s. 6d. Beware of imitation. Don't be deceived.

A 11P1 c ,44 GOLDEN BEE HIVE, 69& 71, CHURCH STREET, WARRINGTON. WALKING DAY SPECIALITIES. Cord Knickers for School 1/3i Boys' & Youths' Jackets ••••••3/11 Boys' Suits Sailor Suits Fancy Trousers from 4/11 Youths' Tweed Suits. .....10/6 33 Worsted ~ l3/11 Men's Tweed 3 /-„ Worsted „ 2l-

s CELEBRATED GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. The safest and most effectual cure for Gout, Rheumatism, Rheumatic Gout, Lumbago, and all Pains in the Head, Face, Limbs, de. They require neither confinement nor alterationvt diet, and in no case can they prove injurious. In regard to general health they will be found highly salutary and restorative. Important Testimonial from Mr. FRANK WRIGHT, the Comedian. Prince of Wales' Theatre, Birmingham, February 19th, 1887. DEAR SIR, —I have been a great sufferer from the gout for the past five years. As there are so many actors suffering from this terrible scourge, I write this for their benefit and the public at large. Your Pills will keep off any attack of gout if taken at the first twinge as prescribed, and if after the disease has set in will cure in two or three days. I would sooner think of going on the stage without my wig than neglecting to have a bottle of your really wonderful Pills about me.—Yours faithfully. Mr. G. Bade. PRANK Wfitotrr, Comedian. Do not be persuaded to take any other Pills for the above distressingly painful diSorders, as Eade's have been proved by thousands to be the best and most effectual remedy. - PREPARED ONLY BY GEORGE EA_DE. 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON. ' And sold everywhere by Chemists and Medicine Vendors. in bottles, Is. ltd. and 2s. 9d.

Melart3 A simple and excellent medilne for Children when cross, feverish or restless. These Powders are justly acknowledged to be one of the safest and most effectual remedies that can be given to young children during the troublesome and anxious period of Teething. is. 14. and 2s. 9d., by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or Post cf:dotitykizi. ' Free (14 Stamps) from the Sotx PROPRIETOR—J. PRITCHARD on- ton-road, Manchester, and Cheadle, near Manchester.

J. A. Sherman, the distinguished Specialist, f h famous as Author of .'he American RUPTURE Method for its relief, is still at his London Office, where the afflicted from all parts of the country are flocking to receive the benefit of his aid and remedies before he returns to America, determined to be relieved from the danger of strangulation and the use trusses. Consultation Offices : 64, Chancery-lane.

,vi,,*4104,,A. B EN, '" , t. Ar , , A 4 , '1.:4: , ' 4 . ti ~ A • 'C' %.0 :14 , , 4r.,. -,,,, N THE MOST DELICIOUS, NUTRITIVE, AND DIGESTIBLE. The British Medical Journal says :—" Benger's Food has by its excellence established a reputation of its own." The London Medical Record says :—" It is retained when all other Foods are rejected." Retail in TINS is. 6d., 2s. 6d., 55., and 10s., of Chemists, &c., Everywhere. • ' ' Wholesale at all Wholesale Houses. ..1101142t1 .-,- ) it-4, t/ d. `r •I c , j7:11/Z-6,f i 1 ,vair , J , J• v=mmmi. ell /IV ,"N , '',t ' -!--, low •i ---- . w • :.-zie N. — ) ot ----.. ‘ ---;0 '‘, --- •.- ~.. e ..• , . _--;_ ' ! 'i I'llllllllf if 'NI i itir- -ii• , r_-:,s:, ', i 1 111, il .il , \`'. I $ll IP,:;'-',/ l' ' • fts. .., A CHEERFUL OLD SOUL. It is possible for a woman with increasing_ years to continue to do laundry work. Thousands who would. have been laid aside under the old system of washing have proved what Sunlight Soap can do in reducing labour. The cleansing properties of Sunlight Soap save years of arduous toil. Reader, prove Sunlight Soap for yourself, by giving the best article a trial you will do yourself a real service. BEWARE Do not allow other Soaps, said to be same as the "Sunlight' Soap to be palmed off upon you. If you do, you must expect to be disappointed. See that you get what you ask for, and that the word "Sunlight" is stamped upon every tablet, and printed upon every wrapper.

, " , O ' '° 4'l A, L I 3 PILLS & OINTMENT Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use.

MANUFACTURED ONLY AT 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. And Sold by all Medicine Vendors throughout the World. Advice Gratis, at the above address, daily, between the hours of 11 and 4, or by letter.

ALEX. ROSS'S Nose Machine applied to the nose for an hour daily so directs the soft cartilage of which the member consists that an ill-forned nose is quickly shaped to perfection. 10s. 6d. post free. 10s. Bd. secretly packed. Pamphlet two stamps. The Plumpers are a peculiar substance, the colour of the gums, placed between the teeth and the cheeks, making the outline of the face perfect, they do not in- terfere with the speech, cost 21s. post free, sent secretly packed. Suited to thin faces. The chin improver is an instrument worn at night pressing the cartilage of the chin Into proper shape, price 21s. secretly packed, sent by post. Outstanding ears positioned by the use of the Ear Machine, 10s. 6d. Pm.t. s.—.A.Lax. Ross, 21, Lamb's Conduit-street. London, W.C.

WHY DOES YOUR IIAIR FALL OFF? For want of proper ispurishment and stimu- lating properties. The Best Head of Hair in the World. by using WOODS' QUININE CANTHARIDINE aurl ROSE- MARY, with or without grease (as preferred). Sold everywhere in bottles, 9d., 13.6 d., and 33. 6d. Sent post free from WOODS' PHARMACY, Plymouth, England,

Idles, I--) Clocks, Jewellery, or Electro Plate, te our marvellous New Catalogue, con- ri- Lining over 1200 engravings of every de- 7(lit, • ../.,),;: ni \„ ption. Solid Silver Watches from 125.; old from 256.; our ENGLISH LEVERS, apped and Jewelled, 505.; the DEPEN Awl lENCE LEVER, 50s. ; and CHRO -.,, ,r,- _--- °METER LEVER. 605., are three t. - : thefinest Workmen's watches r,N.,, Gold i the world. Ladies' Solid c:3l.>f, v.:- f's‘ Lockets, 3s. 6d. old 9ct. Hall Marked 0,0,, t, 5 Solid • Silver Ear- ness Rings, 36.6 d. , 'INN 0 r rings, Bd. ; Brooches, oldEarrings,2/9 car' 5 10d.; Lockets, 18.3 d. ; Hea- d.° oche e, AV , lets, 35.; Pencils, Is. ; Hall 58. .0 Marked Silver Alberts with Seal. e 04 Complete, 6s. 6d.; Scarf Pins 6d. All t‘,,klc,o, *.Y-genuine Gold and Silver goods Guamn- *(,,o. teed. Write at once and we will forward b ' return post, carriage paid, one of the most re- markably complete Catalogues of High-class Watches, and kindred articles ever published, with full information. and Testimonials front all over the world. J. MEEKS & CO., 100, SPENCER Sr., BIRMINGHAM. WATCH CLUBS SUPPLIED.

VIGOUR Suffering from Nervous Debility, Decline Exhausted Vitality, Brain and Kidney troubles, FOR &c. Certain cure by the improved French ME method. .HOW. TO ACT—ADVICE FREE. Sealed Book sent for three stamps, THE LLAJKALEND AGENCT, 76, Chancery-lane. Loxdon

910 LADlES.—Troubles peculiar to the sex dentially and rationally treated, state case and enclose stamped envelope for advice, &c.—Mr. RAPP, 28, Great Russell-BC, Northampton.

YORKSHIRE Veer MOSS LITTER

_ iN. T. -7- , 1 ' 1 t.,• SPRAINS. V aSikl. , i 5 , 4.,,, 1 ikk , *'s:t' 1 '''‘ A = , ‘, ..- . ~ 1tN0‘'41:71,4: ,i 44,80 4 i,- _<l I BRUISES, ! CHEST COLDS.'— 1 SORE THROATfrom COLD. llt , 9 STIFFNESS. 1 _ ,

PAT t\isw INSECTic ENT /Dc -11") PATENT SAMPLE BAR, 6c1.; POST FREE, 9cl. I 11•1:. 9 Gallons of Insecticide. Makers.— ESDACMUCME az LONCSiCHT, MANCHOTEc.

be international in its aims, and would thus do away with crime and criminal expenditure on war material. Think of it, the amount of useless work going on among the so-called civilized nations of the World! An this done away Vi'ith would mean leis work and more workers to do the really neces- sary work. Talk of eight hours a day ! Half that would be sufficient.
