===== 0002601_19061110_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
OPEN MEETING SUNDAY AFTERNOON, NOVEMBER 11Ta, 3 TO 4.

CHAIRMAN : H. PURCY DENSHAM, Bect (of Orford). SPEAKER MR. JOHN WALLBY (of Manchester). SOLO CORNFT : MR. W. RUTTBR. USUAL OoLLsorcoN.

BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. ON RUNDoY NRXT, NOVRMIIHR 11TH 1906. Morning 10.30. Rev. SIDNEGY PITT. Evening 6.30. Rev. J. MANNING. AU welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BEWSEY I'OAD WESLEYAN CHURCH wAinuNlroN ON SUNDAY NEXT, NOVEMBER 112}1, 1936. Morning 10.31. MR. R. J. MOSS. Evening 6.30. Rev. SIDNEY PITT. 411,, Solo "oDivine Redeemer" fionnod, Miss F. Leicester. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY NEXT, NOVEMBER IIIH. 1906. Rev. R. B. HOYLE, (Burnley.) Monsokoi. 10.45. EVENING, 6.30. EVEI3YBODY WELCOME. HYMN BOOKS PROVIDED. Evening Service. Wednesday 8.15.

B APTIST CHURC If. LATCHFORD. To-moßßow (SUNDAY) POVEMBIOR 11TH, 1906. JOHN FRANCIS MATTHRWS. Morning 10,30. "The Serenity of Infinite Love." Evening 6, "Fundamental Otuistianity," What is it ? OFFORTORIBS.

MEETINGS FOR MEN ONLY.- TOFT'S ASSEMPLY ROOM, BRIDGE ST. THUB.SDAY EVENING, NOvEMBER 1.5TE1 AT 8. ADDRESS BY JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. SUBJECT: "RELIGION AND LABOUR." HYMN BOOKS PROVIDED. NO COLLECTION.

P°PULAR CONCERT, BOLD ST. SCHOOLROOM, TO-NIGHT, SATURDAY at 7.3O.—ARTISTSS : Misses MAY ISHHRWOOD, E. BARNES, ELSIB WHITFIELD, DOLLY OAIN, Messrs. R. GROUNDS, L. AUKLAND, 3. LLOYD and H ATKINSON ; Messrs. W. WINSTANLRY. and R. PATECRSON ((nstrumentalists) ; Humorist, Mr. All. GROUNDS. Admission one Penny. Gallery Twonenee.

\7AILRINGTUN CAGE BIEL) SdOW THIS DAY (SATURDAY),

IN TUB CONSBRVATIVE CLUB SANK2IY ST.

600 CANARIES ON VIEW.

AD SILSSION THRIIRPENOB.

JUNIOR LIBRRAL ASSOCIATION.-INTER- DEBATH ON TIIF. .STATUS OF THE HOUSE OF LORDS" ON MONDAY MUT AT 7.45 P IN THE LIBERAL ASSOCIATION ROOMS. BOWS nY ST , an inter-debate will be held with the Progressive Labour League. Members of the Junior Liberal Association will propose the following Resolution : " That this House, while recognizing the necessity of a Second Chamber in the Constitution of this County, considers that such Second Chamber should be repre- sentative and not hereditary." The Resolution will be supported, by the Junior Liberals, and opposed by the Progressive Labour Le,gue, en mouse. Mr. George Walker, of Padget@ has kindly consented to preside Memb"ts of both Associations are urged to attend and an open invitation is extended to all. HON. 5,„4. GRAY, 18, Monks it. '" IH. W. GUEST, 4, Palmyra Square.

ARRINGTON WOMEN'S LIBERAL AssoclATlorq.

THE ANNUAL TEA

IX THR CO-OPERATIVE HALL, SANKEY ST.

ON MONDAY, NOVEMBEN. 26TN.

MISS R. ASHWORTH BRIGGS, WILL GIVE AN ADDRESS ON FREE TRADE.

MISS CROSFIRLD WILL PRIISIDR, AND THERE WILL BE MUSIC AT INTERVALS.

TICKETS (Price 9d. up to November 24th, and after this date, price is.) rosy be obtained at the Liberal Club, or from the following Tembers of the Committee: Mrs. O'Brien Miss HAWTHORNE, Miss GUEST, Mrs. CLEGG and Mrs. OSBORNE (Hon. Secretary, Heather Lea. Pachrate.)

1 e folio 14, Beaono considers to, sentative and no. The Resolution will be s_ and opposed by the Progressive Mr. George Walker, of Padgate bas preside Memb.ta of both Associations an and an open invitation is extended to all. H. GRAY, 18, Monks it. HON. EC4. H. W. GURST, 4, Palmyra Square.

F

===== 0002601_19061110_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
FA:

===== 0002601_19061110_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
NS ! FANS! ! FANS ! ! !—A. beautiful artistically hand-painted loan, trimmed with lace, pretty silk-covered box, only 5.. 6d., or four tor 21s. R. J, WARBLING. 11SANUFA0TURBH, 145, BIM NORTH RD., LONDON,

'ESAREWITCH ez CAMBRIDGESHIRE [LL MARKET ODDS. SINGLE OR DOUBLE. KAI ALI & CO.. TURF ACCOUNTANTS, CANONBURY PARK SOUTH. LONDON. N. PRICE TRION POST FREE. No CoMMUSION CHARGER. HIGHEST REFERENCES.

START-LIG.'

ABROK NION - DOWN YSTiG —This is a condition (or disease) to which doctors give many names, but which few of them really nnderstand. It is simply weakness—a break-down, as it were, of the vital forces that sustain the system. No matter what may be its causes (for they are almost numberless), its symptoms are much the same; the more prominent being sleeplessness, sense of plostration or weariness, depression of spirits and want of energy for all the or3lnary affairs of life. Now, what alone is absolutely essential in all such cases Is increased vitality—vigour— VITAL STRENGTH AND ENERGY to throw off these morbid feelings, and as xight succeeds the day this may be more certainly secured by a course of THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY, THERAPION No. 3, than by any other known combination. So surely as it is taken in accordance with the Printed ,irections accom- panying it., will the shattered health be restored, the I EXPIRING Ls,MP oF LIVE LIGHTED UP AFRESH, I and a new existence imparted in place of what had so lately seemed worn-Out," used up," and valueless. This wonderful medicament Is purely vegetable and innocuous,is agreeable to the taste—suitable for all constitutions and conditions, in either sex ; and it is difficult to imagine a case of di.ease or derangement, whose main features are those of debility, that will not be speedily and permanently benefited by this never-failing recuperative essence, which is destined to cast into oblivion everything that has preoeeded it for this wide- spread and numerous class of human ailments. Price 29. 9& at all Patent Medicine Houses. Full particulars in England send stamped addressed envelope to Mr. IL Johnson, 43, Holford-square, London, E? .C. Word " THERAPION " appears on Government Stamp (in white letters on a red ground) affixed to every package by order of His Majesty's I hon. Commissioners, and without which it is a forgery.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
Voultrp, Oggl, Ur.

(IHR&P POULTRY CORsl.—Send ss. postal order for Zewt.—SPRENGEL. Park et.. Grinasty.

COCKBRISCS ON SALB.—Pure Black Minoreas. good laying strain, 3s. ann.—Apply Mrs. LITTLER, Bill Farm, Little Btanney. libeßter.

FOWL CORN. 7s. 6.1.. 10a. 12s. 64. 2101 b. ; Pie Food,. ?a.64. and Poultry Meal, Bs. aud 10s. per 200168,- 1/OCHE AND Co.. 15. Goree piazzas, Liverpool. Mention paper.

eburation.

WALLASEY GRA MAI. QCFIOOL. Boarders taken by R. A. FOULREB, M.A., Kilereggata,Mount rd., New Brighton.

HYMN PAPERS for Sehools,l Sermons, Services of Song, Festivals' &c. AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDULES & CATALOGUES, EXAMINER" OFFICIO, WARRIINGTON

fittbital

I DISONIN IA Cured in one week. Unfailing remedy, 10. U. —S. R. Co., 2. Onkbpink Grove. London, S.M.

lANCt‘R.—cend stamped directed envelope to Mr. NFWOOMB lE. Beech Hurst, eheiston, Torqua,y,and receive full Instructions for the cure of tlancer.

RHISI.I2.IATI,M Cured after many years suffering. The leApe tent for 15.—S. Rms.Tom, c/o Dilri Brown. '7, BurPPry Garden TerracP, W. Hartlepool.

I /WEN'S South African Cough Cure and Lung Healer. I For Ccughs and Bronchitis never falls. Sample bottle 11. 40.—Plancireor, 39, Piccadilly, Manchester.

BGAT. SALVIS cures Blood-poisoning. U., ,to , worth its rik weight in gold ; rost free 71. ;no cure money Wick.-- LEON 14ABRIS. 52 SoutheskPd., Forest GOP, tondon.

nICAYNILibS and head Note's liure4 ; Grand New 'f reat- ment ; cures thoroughly. Write for hook, free.— SID 'ALL INSTITUTE, 262. ('he-thana Hill rd.. MarrchestPr.

A ki a, Fronchltie, Tonsilitis, Laryngitis, Whooping fi Cough. Chronic Croup, Ulcerated Throat, Enlarged Tonsils, Ifelaxed Uvula. uougb, Hoarseness, loss of voice and other affections of the Throat permanently cured by the use of humbelo'ds " Tonic Lozenges, made from the prescription of the late Dr. ttutnball, the eminent Asthma Specialist. In boxes, post paid. Is. 3d. each from the lIIIMBELOIDS CO., 5, Fleet it., Liverpool.

Itorot. laogq, Etbe *totk t.

INIARTS (sound, steady) Pb w aton and arners, suitable for Indy. Address. 33, LEYLAND BD., Southport.

fIABBITS. alive: any q entity up to LOCO weekly; low price —A only H A RVK V. ,!ornhill, Bury ,zts Rrlmund'i

jaarbuitrz etc.

GCIA.B Crossley's ; town's gas; non. h.p., 70 b.b. ; EITHANT MUNN, 121 n. diameter, 16in, stroke nearly new.—RostNsoN A: Co, r INCITED, Wearte.

GAS 14NGIN.. 2 b b.p. Crossley, £2 ; %Iv) 15 b.b P. Ornasler. £29 both csn be eeen bs seen running. and in perfect order. —STRAFFORD. 12,01eve1and quarl.Liverpool

QT. 4ROHNWN IRON WORKS. LIMIT tall) (late Ornserod k./ (rierson and Co.), Hulnie, Manchester, have the Large, Assortment of WHBRL and PULLia PA rTSRNS in the trade. In addition have purchase.' all Wheel, Pul!ey and Tooth Block Patterns telooging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•road Iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Mlllwricht,and all kinds of linginerring Work promptly.—Cataloguea of Wheels and v ulley Patterns on application. NT.. No. 229, Manchester, Telegraphic address: " Orrnorod Grterson, Manchester."

===== 0002601_19061110_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Rpartinents,lurniOrt 1/01t5tOt Scr.

PARTAIHNTS for Lady, svith. or whhout, bOard.-643, KNU I'SFOAD BD., Latchford.

OUTHPOLiT.—Stiperior APARTMENTS ; public and L. private.—Mrs. CLaIIKE. 10, Bath at.. late of Heaton Cbapel.

COOLlOnaMßLVT.—Tralnert Num tms V.canc £.2 2,• weekly.—NUß, 5, Beigrave Terrace, Stockwell rd., Brixton

COMEOuTABWI LOOGINGri for two young men, with or without board; no children; LEGE( ST., Warrington.

tililiNSHY for Winter In.esictence.—Furoished Apart- %.l meats, farce oornfortebto Roams, terms moderate.— A D., 50, Heuteville.

QOUTHPORT.—Handeornely menial:led Front Rooms. tor L 7 winter; 2i. week.—Mrs, CARSON, 138Q,* Bt. George's Mansions, Lord st.

fIOMFORTABIX LOD3INGS for respectable youne man, lJ central, moderate terms aml gold living —App,y Box, `.1.Y., examiner Office, Warrington.

rpo LET FURNISHED fr two months, Ash &ink, Arnside. seven bedrooms, three sitting-roorns, bath (h. and ^.l. Near golf ilrxkl.—Atmly Miss roTHERGILL.

'‘OLWYN BY.—Sheltered Winter Resort. if OMB I COMPOsTs at Mivierate charrees. Write for special winter terms to ViCNABLES & SHEAR:MAN, Ellebtaere HOUBe. Claughton rd., Colwyn Ray.

potor ears,evtlrg, Tarnacfro, ett

BROVGHAM, in rplendfd condition.—TALENT & Co.. conob and motor buildero.ff fgber Broughton,Mannboster.

I) 00 N TO CYCLISTS.—AbsoIute pnncture preventer, big saving In tyres, 2s. 6. each, 41. 6d. patr.—CaEETHINt. 15, Fir St . `4ltithrtnrt.

VIC:1'01.1A, used only a few times ; wheels ruboer-tyred. TALENT AND Co., coach and motor builders, Higher Broughton, Manchester.

144atrfinonn

" M Ald'h„cit.Mor(v)NinieldiuT ml /Stat." alt doeseetAngd aqumiCkatereitminontrioai alliance ; price 6d.. in eealed envetope.—Address EDITOR Hobert liadfo d. 5. Feßtheretone Building., Holborn, W.

Al A'J'RLM'NIALPueT, sealed envelope bd. with circular _IL W.-1313MR, Booms 9 to 14, Trafalgar Buildings Loud( n, W.C. /If stabilehed on third century. Distance

.ftiunep

4)S. 6D. MONTHLY repays £5 J..r.an, Interest 10 per cent. ; G share profits ; prospectus 2 stamps.—Co-OPERATIVE SOCIETY, 61, Lord it., I ivertx,"l.

DENSON'S PURCEJ ASILVO RUSIN IC:ES can t e accommodated with Capital at MALTRICE AND Co., 31, Cairo at., Warrington.

C 11

A eCOMMUDA-TLON

to all rrspect,ole and trustworthy persons, note of hand only, on these terms : £5 £lO £ls £2O £3O £SO £ICO .• £ll2 10s. 2d. Call or write to actual lender, W. JACisSON 70, PLYMOUTII-GROVE. MANOKESTrift ; 26, Corporation-street. Manchester ; and 25, lI&STQATE-ROW, CHIISTHR.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
A BRILLIANT STORY

A POPULAR WRITER.

Arrangements have been made, readers will be interested to know, for the publica-

tion in our columns of a story of unusual interest entitled :

7Ty V RITT.EN IN SCARLET,"

ALICE MAUD MEADOWS.

AtiTIIOII OF,

"ONE LIFE BETWEEN."

"A MILLION OF MONEY."

"THE EXTREME PENALTY."

"FOR LOVE OF A LADY."

"I CHARGE YOU BOTH."

The name of MISS MEADOWS will be familiar to the most casual reader of news- paper fiction. No writer of serials is more popular throughout the country. She has a wonderful facility for the writing of sensa- tional stories, and, being one of the most industrious of literary women, has turned out an astonishing amount of work. She was for some years the editor of the "Princess's Novelettes," for which she wrote many of the stories herself, and was at the same time responsible for the corn- ps.nion weekly. "Something to Read," in which her own serials wore running. Her output is less, but the quality of her work higher, since she put off editorial cares. Her power of holding the attention of the reader will be found exemplified, we are sure, in the story we are about to publish.

4 6 WRITrENT /LC SCARLET,"

A LICE MAUD MEADOWS.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
OUTLINE OF PLOT.

MISS MEADOWS writes of love and crime, and the rivalry of two brothers for a fair maiden's hand. John Brandon, a well-to-do country gentleman, is about to be married to Celia Verde. The young lady was once engaged to John's brother Dick, a wild and reckless fellow, who had gone abroad in search of adventure, and is supposed to have met his death. Celia admits that she loved the old sweetheart better than the new—in fact is doubtful whether she loves John at all. The infatuated lover promises himself, however, that hewill win her love after marriage. Suddenly all is changed by the return of Dick, alive and well. No one has recog- nised him except John, to whose hopes his appearance gives the death-blow. Dick laughs at the idea of Celia Verde marrying John, certain that she is true to her love for himself. The taunt excites John to fury, and in his library he re-enacts the tragedy of Cain, hiding the body in a large safe. Then a convict who has just escaped from prison appears on the scene, and. being aware of the crime, insists that Brandon shall shelter him by giving him clothes and keeping him in the house as one of the wedding guests, under the name of Vernon Salisbury. Fresh surprises come when the safe is

opened by the police, who believe the

- escaped convict to be concealed there, and is found empty. How this comes about Vernon Salisbury can explain, but he, too, is staggered by the disappearance of the body also from a place in the grounds where he had hidden it. Sensatlim, indeed, crowds upon sensation as the plot develops. The story will be followed to the end with the closest attention, the more so as to these sensational happenings is added the • attractions of a strong love interest.

4‘ . BITTEN IN ISCARIET!'

ALICE NEAuo MEADOWS

===== 0002601_19061110_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLICATION OF THIS STORY WILL

COMMENCE IN OUR COLUMNS ON

SATURDAY NEXT,

I\T OVEDIEBER, 17TH.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
tiE McDOUGALLS Pategt SELF-RAISING FLOUR BEST ritaTE Y The Examiner,- Saturd.ay, Nove\mber 10, 1906

Number 1 went on: "Lub is a terrible ting. Lub is like a tiger-cant; all Maria. purr, purr, one minnit, and claaws• feet de next. I know " ' grandly. "For though me brown man, me got white heart. I will help de poor buckra!" Now, one was its black as the ace of spades, and the other as the deuce of clubs. For the life of him, Jock could see no shade of difference between both highly-polished gentlemen. The smartest of shoe- blacks might have envied the shine on both faces. "How you help him ? Haw, haw !" "Dere are four, five butterflies in ole man's hat. Pat's all de good he done us, . . . full of money las' munf—" The speakers' voices rose and fell, as both lazily rolled over. Their -tones changed to angry lament. "Chock full of ole Spanish dollars. . . Yes, he struck some ole hell-fire pirate's cache, sure 'miff. Mighty queer !' . . If he hadn't died so deuced quick, he'd a-tole you an' me where, as tank you for clat las' drink when he was cleaned out. . . How you say dem dyin' words? 'Heaps more silver, boys, 'here de snakes swim across.' Den he roll up de whites oh his eyes.' "I make it de same, sall—,4lo more! -"Wherp de snakes swim across!' But wlico, dat is, no man will know till Jedgement Day..

aistnt, a grey isl

loonn,

( Copyri)7lle. ) \ mental vision. Elsie's blue eyes were wistful, the dry bread and dried nf, at of explorers. the. though her rosy mouth smiled. She seemed to say: tryst was a bit of }fluff that threw a welcome 1-ricle, BUTTERFLY JOHN .1 am waiting—waiting faithfully! But it is three rave in the Uniform desolation of t lie island. Two • years since you left, dear lad. , And it's -Teary glances of due, but hopeless' inquiry; two head I work!" shakes. Then Terence turned to the lunch' and '3I am wearying more. But I'll Betake my Ramsay, sighing, sat down. A shadow Caine round B . MAY CROMMELIN, fortune yet, my lassie. Luck is turning, Elsie, the rock, and a jolly black face grinned. Y darling !" he murmured, his mind wandering "Me made you some hot tea an' beef stew. &uthoe of "Queenie," "My Love She's Ent 3 round thought of the treasure. He felt like alone What cheer, sah ?" ' Lassie," "Brown Eyes," "Goblin Gold," "Dead miner) believing gold is underfoot, and scratching "No go, Quashie. But you are a capital cook, I „ Men's Dollars," &c. the ground here and there, not knowing where to must say. Mind, I'll pay you wages as a I . begin work, servant, for this fortnight, if we don't fin-d. That's Zne third day, the crew were piped to fire-drill, only fair." A warm afternoon in the baS, of Panama. As Ramsay's eyes idly watched them, one black "Yes, you fair, sah. Take me down south, :lock Ramsay, passenger, was enjoying a well- stoker smiled broadly at him. ,By all' the powers! Mr. Ramsay. Good master, good mf.n. Now, Inc earned siesta in his chair on the deserted, deck of Mr. Harrington ! off dig plenty guano, or dese island men 'spect we the Asuncion, the (Milian mail steamer which had It needed all Ramsay's self-control not to Start. after no good. Good-bye,-Bo'sem, good dog.' Next day, seeing the nigger emerge for air from Fad trail oh Butterfly John wilt your sharp nee." come in the evening before. Like the rest of the the stoke-hole, Jock suddenly decided to know the Quashie--his fine name, was dropped during thes• passengers, he had landed early. But after getting fellow's game ; so, strolling by, he carelessly 'lays of disappointment—disappeared smiling and through as much business for his firm as could be . got out of certain Colombian officials before noon, i nodded. • his masters, cheered a little by the good meal lie he returned to his chair and cabin—for he was ' "Well, what brought you down the West had unexpectedly brought, pulled out their cigars. !going back in the ship after her three days' st.ly. i Coast? " . But Bo.sun, having licked up the tin olatis, "To get away from Butterfly's fluppy. Same as eemembering where a lizard had disappeared yester- After several such flying town, Jock knew well 1 the roughly-built little town, with its brilliant plazas, and its church-spires encrusted with mother Y"' sari" .day in a hole of the rock, began again to Scrape, Moodily Jock mused for hours afterwards. Did away t.he shingle at its entrance. I o' pearl shells. His soul loathed the gambling the nigger mean much by those last words? Then "Bless my heartl Bo'sun has got right inside !" aI he grew to almost hate the sight of that black face, said Jock, suddenly looking round. "lii! Come saloons. Out here there was a faint sea-breeze, yet watched for it. Had the rascal shipped south back! He's stuck in there, tight. . . . That's iovely view of gloriously blue water, ris gloriously to look out for the snakes? It might be mere right, Terence, get rid of this gravel at the burrow wooded islets, and blessed quiet. to the, young chance that he had not gOne to Colon like his pal mouth. . . . Now! I'vegot my arm in far__ Scotchman lay dozing, at times dreaming of home': But he might—he certainly would ask about them. I've got him by the tail !" And thus, with stifled * at others dreamily, reviewing the late years of expatriation—and still his fortune not made! Nay, And then Ramsay's heart turned sick. Bounds of shuffling and pulling at some prey, Bo'sun "If that nigger jabbers—and he most likely will was dragged out backwards holding on valiantly at— hardly its foundation well and truly laid. And his —he will get a whole crowd digging all over the what? fox-terrier licked his hand. , shcre." 1 It was a small parcel of folded newspaper! As A grinning Chilian steward approached, his voice Ramsay had learnt, during three years of going Jock took it from the little dog's jaws with a sup. affecting sympathy. "Butterfly John no coining.Berme. ' Two Ingleesh negros say him drink, play up and down on 'business, how the hunt for buried pressed exclamation, Terence. bending down, uttered: treasure is the curse of the West Coast and of "By Jove 1" El diario de Panama " —three months like debbil, and gone dead!" Central American shores. Down in Chili it is old! Butterfly John's. He's had his dinner in it. "Bneno 1" growled Jock, annoyed, for he was Jesuits' treasure "; in Peru, "Incas' gold" ; in For out fell scraps of dried fish, preserved in the an ardent "collector." Butterflies, humming-birds, ancient agate arrowheads—all was fish to his net. the Pacific Islands and the shores of Isthmus, it is marvellously idry climate 'of thc coast. Bo'sun 1 'buccaneers' treasure." For generations, all the devoured them with shameless alacrity. But the Butterfly John was a sailor, spy, and betterfly ragamuffins who always infest seaports have friends stood gazing at each other. Jock, all catcher. He was a human curiosity, only four burrowed in every likely spot; and so, they will for highly-strung nerves, trembled, then flung himself feet, eight, but wearing a wide Panama hat a foot ages more. down to examine the apparent natural crevice. He and a half in height. Inside this tower his best m Thus, when the steamer arrived at Callao, Jock's rose fairly stammering, and holding out a bit of butterflies were pinned to the lining; An immense face was grim, and there was a line of thought crumbling rock-face which he had torn away: umbrella served also as a handbag, whipped round drawn between his brows, as he looked keenly at 1 "Mor-mor-mortar !" the middle with cord, the swarming shore-boats rowing out. These ~ . Down went Terence on his knees, and shovelled The Chilian leant over the side and threw some chaffing remarks to men in a boat below. Then he three years had brought him many friends among back a layer of shingle as if his bands were mole's the warm-hearted West Coasters. But among paws. Then he gave a whispered shout: left; but two voices from the spot struck Jock's them all there was just one comrade to whom his , "It's widening! A small man could get in. ear, rising louder and louder in wrangle till the soul felt knit—Terence O'Brien, as mad, merry I. . . See! The old pirates rolled loose, big discordant duel made Ramsay half rise, expecting and lovable as only a young Irishman of two-and- stones here, filling a natural crack, then they daubed to hear a cry, for the disputants seemed about" to twenty can be. One or two trips they had in mortar roughly. . . . Hooray I. It's the knife each other, made together ; and in various "tight' places " each spot!" Suddenly one broke off in a stentorian guffaw, had owed his life more than once to the other. 1 Jock, saving his breath, had found out more—a As deep a haw-haw echoed it. O'Brien lived on a sugar plantation near Callao, trouser-button and shred of stuff. Also two burnt . "What yen laugh` for?" demanded voice No.' 1. "You laugh e sometimes, where his betrothed was the daughter of match-ends among the gravel. gh he-he, like big jackass fee noting the house. At others he was some twelve. It needed a hot tramp back to the hut for tools Answered voice No. 2, with dignity: " What noting, thousand feet up in the Andes, seeing after a silve (hidden under their ponchos) and two hours' work you laugh, den?" mine, belonging partly to an old uncle. But if he before the pair of well-grown Europeans could Amused, Ramsay got up and peered over at two "came down, he would certainly send word or-- squeeze into the cave. niggers resting in a boat. They were Jamaican "What ! You've come out to see me ? That's I Jock, as slightest, tried first and found himself fellows, clad in white cotton drawers. One wore besides a cross on a string round his neck; the right, old chap!" and Ramsay wrung the hand inside a narrow place. Terence crawled after, other sported a pointed cap, simply the brown of his friend, whom he hurried down the ladder to sorely rasped. With thumping hearts they lit sheath of young palm-leaves. He added, lazily: . I matches. An old sea-chest, small and strongly "It's right enough to see you. But it's wrong !ironbound, but its wooden lid freshly hacked "Woman and rain neber hab done. De poor buckra meet. , way. Girl say: 'Bring back plenty butterfly go ain another sense," explained Terence, with a through, stood on the floor. It was empty—cleaned fee my new hat!' He sigh an' say de true word, comically rueful expression, as they adjourned to out to the last dollar. Why—why? What, then, 'Buckra, work neber done !' " (white man's work the saloon for the usual cocktail. ",Come aside! had the dying man meant? Ali, see! never ended.) , • That old beer4barrel of a Peruvian near us was a I The end of afar larger chest was visible under spy. You'll have my company more than you a mass of rock lately fallen. Butterfly John's "An ignarant black person oh your condition in expect, for I'm off south. . . . No, not such knife marks were deep in it, but had met a metal dis life is not able to widerstand dese tings, " retorted good luck as you think! I'm wanted by Govern-, lining. It was safe; but Ramsay, as an engineer, No. 1, severely. "Peen enter into de feelin's oh ment V and he grinned. I saw there were hours of labour for two men there. de buckra passenger." "Which Government ?" asked Ramsay, sarcasti- 1 With anxious but determined faces they left the Hello! They were discussing him. Ramsay listened to Quashie and enffee's suppositions that call'. "Your Governments in Peru are like I treasure-cave, fearing lest the island-men might buc ets in a well: a stranger like myself never i remark their prolonged absence. Round the bluff, he collected to please his faraway love—Elsie. No. 2 knows who is President." I half a mile away, these were leisurely digging at assented with astonishing docility: ' "Mebbee you lay fee true. De Lard gives "Up in the mountains, my uncle and I are I the guano that Terence had got permission to buy, intelligence.' Caceristas—because they are strongest there. Down •as pretext for his supposed spying. ' here, I'm a Pierolist—for his soldiers are round' At supper-time a council was held, Qii.shie in _ . _ _.. . .... ....

the sugar plantation. See " explained Terence, coolly. "But they are hard to please, for Pie 'so•ot a hint to bolt. So, if you're agreeable, my dear boy, I'll share your cabin and your luck down south, till my lawful President (whoever he may be) whacks the Pretender." "Share my luck I" Ramsay's eye suddenly, gleamed. "Oh, was there ever such luck as this Luck for me—to get the one man free for a jot that I would share my luck with P . . . Yes, yes, there's luck for both of us, surely. 'Come to a quiet corner. I'm fairly bursting to tell you." And after half-an-hour of eager, low talk, O'Brien uttered, with a big breath like a granolas blowing: "Oh, boys-a-boys I It does sound too good tc be true. Fqr we both know the place, between mainland and island. But where is the cache I've an inspiration for the island." . "I —think—so, too," uttered the Scotchman, cautiously. Within two or three days the friends landed at a small wooden town on the sandy coast:' A feeble, meandering line of green shed where a stream sometimes flowed. Behind lay leagues of arid p.ampa. And out on the sea-floor eight miles • land lc -vied, rocky, bare, but

, his excitement spilling scalding soup over all three. Ramsay spoke. "Boys, haste is needed first. The boat ie only ' hired for a fortnight. This is the eleventh night. If we don't get back either very late the night 6f the thirteenth, or very early on the morning of the fourteenth, our friend, the harbour-master, ! may not be on the look-out, and wemay have our guano sacks suspected, for with silver hidden in. them they'll be too heavy. . . . Right. . . . Then one must watch these Spaniards while two work. It's a hard job. Besides, there will be the packing the stuff in the guano and! carrying it on board the boat. . . Oh, if I dared use a pinch of dynamite to-night! But the cave is too near; these men might hear." "Let's make them jolly drunk. They'll be as happy as kings," suggested Terence, kindly. "If' not, they'll murder us if they can." "Yes, sah. Me do dat. Leave it to me,' 'whispered Quashie. "If dynamite wake them they no able stir. Me say it sea-quake—all same as earthquake—when Butterfly John was here. (Yes, sah. One great shake den nearly cracked up die island. ).Me work hard all night, you see. I am de strongest "—proudly. ! So said, so done. That midnight,. the Sp'

- ... A queer shiver ran over - Ramsay as he stood • , , listening. , rich in guano. This was the place! lay in drunken unconsciousnesss while the treasure- " Where the snakes swim across,' did they say ?tt But English readers need 'not trouble their heads I seekers picked their way by moonlight over rocks For he knew—no man better up and down the as to whether the mainland is Chilian ot white with guano, or black with sleeping. birds. Peruvian, for—the writer does not mean to tell. Through huanays' nests they crashed, mere hollows, coast! All up and down the West Coast, from Concep- There may still be more treasure there than ever each containing an egg, an unfledged bird, and a cion to Panam'a, there was—and is—just one spot, Ramsay and O'Brien heard of, and some day-- fledged young one. In half-an-hour came a dull between island and mainland, where, if you watch Enough that it is perfectly trtte that there, and roar. Jock's pinch of dynamite did its work well. during twenty minutes, you shall see, now five, there only, the snakes may be seen swimming across In the darkness of the cave, by the light of a now ten, wriggling brown snakes in the sea, from from shore to shore. lantern, the trio gazed with gleaming eyes at a three to six feet long. . "Now," decided Ramsay, when they took up stream of silver coins pouring out of the broken • Jock' Q brain buzzed. Softly he 'began pacing their quartersdn the posada, "the thing to do is chest. At far more. There were golden crucifixes, automatically the deserted decks, thinking, (Inca goblets of thin, pure gold), !thinking! if true, this hint might be wol a —find ,out was Butterfly John here, where he went, golden huaeos and how to go oursely9s,." massive silver stirrup, incense-burners, bowls, cups , "That's my business;" ' agreed Terence, quistly. of every description. +But far beyond these, there pile. Steady, lad—who knew John meant he I sea-coast, for across a river No, no ; if John ! had struck a buccaneer's buried store of silver, it "As John was a spy, I'll be his successor. Theo was a box of jewels, know—or will—that I'm a political refugee. An I What glorious jewels ! A small crown ol . mast be on the sea-coast, or an island. That was I look fairly Spanish." 'blazing diamonds, necklaces, earrings, rings of the dead certain, from all-known of the habits of those Don Terenzio, as he was styled, was dark enough same ; rubies, pearls, sapphires. gentry. ' to be a true hidalgo ; also, thanks to his rolling I "Elsie I What will she say ? " murmured Jock, w needOfuhl, if true, bless these darkies ! But it to look lively, for many another brogue, he spoke almost as sonorous Spanish as awed by his own great luck. i eo.b . e traveller besides knew "where the snakes swim. ~ many a native. In a day and a half, to Jock'sl Terence whispered likewise: "Marannita," the ' Only Ramsay alone had probably heard as yet of misused amazement, Terence had marn•eyed with name of his Peruvian betrothed. Quashie uttered the senoras and drunk "black beer" with the a deep "Haw-haw !" They were all three rich Butterfly John's dying words. s caballeros, till he knew. John had gone to the, men. . . 1 There was his chance. "Buy some butterflies, sah? Die brown gentle- :island—to lie low. It had leaked out that he was 1 That night was chiefly spent in sorting the jewels man, Mr. Ahlbert Edward Harrington, sell you a spy of the Government, and the town was for the' Into heaps ; searching for and securing the coins 1. ' i revolutionist party; so he hid over yonder. I scattered through the debris of rock and shingle. ; some. salt. My riend, Mr Sidney Spencer, "H ma! Hu ! Then I must follow. He may have Quashie, meanwhile, journeyed to the hut and there f. 1 says fee true. De las' c'lection lef' by Butterfly had some dark plot . . . the guano out there cut up some canvas for bags, which he brought i ; ' John, salt." ' s valuable," quoth John's successor—on the right ; back and sewed by the light of the lantern, unable, Turning sharp, Jock saw the niggers approach- tW !side of politics. And without committing the as he grinningly owned, to keep long away "from I ing They had spied him from below. Chewing gross im p ru edreennceee ofr oililt i ht tiisn gfi nt eh that ehse, lad andd at;csierclreedt , •di sA bs l teisiseeyd•s spot." the they Were aware of a white the'end of his unlit cigarette, Jock nmsed a moment mission' T or two, mentally deciding. Yes, he would buy his moustache so significantly that all the town light stealing into the cave which disturbed them i their broken-winged lot of butterflies—and at a whispered the news to each other. In three days at their labours. Daylight had come. ! a boat lay bobbing in the surf, laden with • The old puzzle of the fox, the goose, and the i able rock. I stiffish price. But not until in return they had provisions for a fortnight's stay on an inhospit- bag of corn,. which a boatman was obliged to ferry ' I given all the information in t' eir power concerning across a river without leaving the fox with the 'the dead man's last voyage. JP-here had John , shipped for when he left?' Whence did he ' The two friends ,were going on board when a goose, or the goose with the corn, now presented • return ? Meantime, Ramsay curled his lip at their negro stepped in front of them, his eyes rolling itself to be resolved by our workers. Clearly the , I offer' and he affected to he thinking only of an with eagerness, as he begged: cave could not be left alone for a minute, lest the outing after alligators. Did they care to row down "Take me, too, sah ! You go fin' Butterfly island-men should surprise the long guarded secret m l 1 ito the river mouth that evening and see John's las. work on island where the snakes within. So one by one they took turns going back' ,-- "Longmouth smile ?" swim! . . . 'You know from me ! I his las' for breakfast, which Quashie reluctantly returned 1 ( The prospect did not seem particularly alluring- friend. Let me help, sah! I good servant—no tall, to cook. Later on Terence and Jock kept watch ;to either, so they bargained for plenty of pay. As Shut mouth no catch fly! . . . Take me, too, and watch about, one guarding the cave entrance 1 a sportsman, Jock agreed; then the butterfly Garaudightr no lub ugly, He lub fair, play." with a loaded revolver while his worn-out corn- business reopened, but was still unsuccessful. "You've run away from your ship, :tar, panion slept inside, a dreamless, satisfied sleep. t 1 At dark all three returned to the Asuncion. The Harrington. Do you know, Quashie, we could But, to his praise, Mr. "Val Harrington" sleep- niggers were chock-full of rzguardiente, whilst have you put in prison ? " asked Jock, feeling a bit less, untiring, worked all day slowly at the guano, Jock—knew all they knew. John had sailed south, savage: Here was an unexpected interloper, with with a perpetual smile on his ebony visage, while 1. . . Oh, did Jock not guess it? . . . The a vengeance. But, fair play ! Oh, why did he at times his eyes rolled, chewing their whites as he ' butterfly-catcher left on some mysterious' stir the British conscience ? glanced out seawards with an inward 'joy that 1 mission, part spy, part to do a deal in guano. "If buckra was poor brown man, him do I saute," could seek no other outlet. _this much Mr. Ahlbert Edward had found out, affirmed the nigger, with big tears rolling down lis All that ' live-long, weary, endless day the I"fee reasons," as . . . he tipsily winked. cheeks. "When black man tief (thieve) him Hof Spaniards idled, with aching heads. Night came He was anxious, too, to get' on John's track, half a bit ; when buckra tief, him tief whole estate, at last. ; But he had failed. After a night of mingled Me no ask same as buckras, if you find! Manure When the tropical darkness fell over the little Musings and El Dorado nightmares, Jock met Plantain better than none at all. . . .. Call me, island, wrapping it in gloom, and the sea birds cries ais friends with a gloomy face next day, when Quashie, what you like. Behind dog it is 'dog! ' hushed, and the hut-fires gleamed, then began a they brought their butterflies. As agreed, he Before dog it is 'Mister Dog ! " repetition of last night's events. The islanders would buy—oh, yes ! - But m ' tin the night John's A minute Ramsay stood gnawing his under-lip. sullenly began a fresh orgie—till the drugged drink "duppy, '', i.e., ghost, had much annoyed him. Then—better self triumphed. He gave a short affected even their seasoned heads, and they little And Ramsay s*un them a yarn of ice-cold shivers, laugh. cared, with the wine-skins close by their fumbling bedclothes hauled off ; and raps and rows all round "All right. You shall have a ninth share— hands, what the mad English might be doing. the locker where he kept similar treasures. Take honest. If that pleases you, come along, and be But the two Britishers were working hard as the money, but, for peace sake, they innst keeß„.a true man. But if you tall or drink--" He never before in their lives. They journeyed back- the butterflies (a wretched lot !) and settle matters added warning of the awful consequences in strong ward and forward from the cave to the boat by the with the duppy.' Mr. Sidney Spencer looked sick; language, suited to his hi arer's understanding. light of ,a. lantern, for the moon was clouded. They for the terror negroes have of their best friends'- "Well done, Honesty !" approved Terence. Yet went in haste, heavy laden, stumbling over the ghosts is extrabrdinary. . • he sighed. ; rough ground, till they got 4; know it. All the "I'm off to Colon next train !"' he exclaimed, "CUSS—CUM no kiil Jolin Crow," replied treasure had necessarily to be carried to their own rolling his eyes and jingling the' coin in his hand. Quashie, beaming. _ hut first. When this was done, after repeated Next minute he was down the ship's side, followed So taking no other sailor—save Jock's fox- journeys, the whole was next hidden in the middle more slowly by Mr. Harrington. Jock chuckled, terrier, Bo'sun they three found themselve• of the guano sacks, and notes taken of how many watching them row to land. After all, so lie towards evening approach in g the bare ista,„„ small bags of jewels were secreted. The bags also reasoned, judging from yesterday, Mr. Spencer shore. Looking into the olive-green water, there needed to be first hatlf-emptied, and then filled up would drink himself to death if ever he got hold of every five minutes might be seen a wriggling brown again so as to defy Fossible inspection. At last all any treasure, As did old John. English readers snake. Once they came among a flock of sleeping the buccaneers' treasure was safely conveyed and must understand that duppies haunt their family or pelicans that, rousing, pecked ;Logrily m the boat's (i,..l'n?cealei(P The old el!"Ett9 w.re broken up, friends seeking food or drink, Or their new clotlfes, sides, too gorged willi lish to fiv. In the bay,' ii hanci'llg 7 destroyed, and all traces ot man a nfvor ciabout the cave were removed, or wishinc_ff to sleep in some particularly com- sea-lions reared huge bodies on the 'rocks. pilau-, That thirteenth iirteenth morning dawned on weary fortable bed. But they don't take train or steamer, the island WILi White ill V:lSt piaCheS of guano, ' labourers, on drowsy tipplers. But the guano sacks So Mr. Spencer was presumably bolting with the deposited year liftpr v,•:,r by 7,,inion,, of Ithanays, ~ oluct sea-taras sato to oreen ail tne year. near ins were nevertheless carried on board. The two deceased's clothes and small belongings. • Patrones em o s teach was a but, inhabited by two gmuto care- • ( pl yer ) worked hardest of all, with So the Asuncion steamed out of the glittering blue bay, and the swelteribg heat, dropping soutli mkers. And—that was all, jokes at Quashie and gibes for the islanders. —ever south. And Jock gloated over hi secret, Ten days passed away. Ten long-drawn days And then I—then by noon the boat weighed s while Hope—rainbow-dad fairy—stood ny ms A eager dawns, painstaking midday hours of useless anchor, set sail, and stood out to sea, deck-chair, as he dozed, and waved her magic search, dark tropical evenings of disappointment Raising their hats, Jock and Terence gave st long wand. Hey, presto! The bonny face of his golden- end depression. On the eleventh day both friends farewell cheer to the treasure isle. It was echoed haired Scotch sweetheart ,smiled before Eamstues met wearily at noon to report mutually, and eat Is 7 Quashie, who, in addition, anted wildll ancl

===== 0002601_19061110_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

PRINCESS'S MAGIC WAND. • .

The latest story of Princess Victoria Luiso,l the Kaiser's only daughter, is that while stay- ing at the castle of Rominter she sent for ten little girls from the neighbouring village, made them form a ring round her, and, with a card- board wand in her hand, asked them a Geried of questions. At the end of the examinayon, the Empress, who was standing by, spoke up: "Now comes punishment for those who have answered wrongly," and the little Princess laughingly dragged forward one of the girls, made, her put out her hand, and—whack! came the end of the stick down on the tight-stretched little palm. But instead of stinging pain the culprit felt something hard left behind in her hand—a stick of chocolate. There was an outcry at once that all the answers had been wrong, and the wand continued to deal out its benevo- lent chastisements till the chocolate stuffing was exhausted. The Emperor has given his daughter the title of the "Village Qoverness."

SATIN COATEE.

The little fancy coat which is the thing to be noticed in our sketch is a dainty affair in deep cream Oriental satin. It is edaed with bands of the same material, worked with a series of buttonholes, through which velvet ribbons are run. The straps edzing the neck fasten with a bow of the velvet ribbon on the bend of the figura,

I crude, and hopelessly unbecoming to ninety-nine out of ; every hundred women. e -- I Shoulder Scarves.—Despite the fact that the shoulder A Society Wedding.—All the fashionable world, , scarf, like the flat marabout stoles, of a couple of including the American element, was interested in the 1 winters past, has been copied in very cheap and very wedding of Miss May Cavendish-Bentinck and Mr. John , nasty styles, it still remains in favour among women Ford, which took place last week at the Chapel Royal, ; who pride themselves upon dressing well. One reason St. James's Palace. The bride is the elder of the two ; doubtless is, that this little accessory is very friscinat- daughters of Mr. and Mrs. George Cavendish-Bentinck, ' ing and becoming, moreover as many of us know fell who are very popular at Court and in Society, and the well, it is often very useful. For instance in theatres i King accorded the bride the rare honour of sending an and restaurants, draught 'usually abound, and to discard autograph letter with his present. The wedding gifts ; a cosy wrap and sub' ct oneself to an undesirable made a magnificent show, including as they did, gifts I current of air, is not ae ways the wisest course. Then it from practically all the leading families in Society. ,is that a shoulder scarf oi chiffon, gauze net, or lace, Those also connected with America were especially ; proves a comfort and a joy. The latest scarves are interested in the wedding, as Mrs. Cavendish-Bentinck ' shaped, being very full on the shoulders, and tapering is an American, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Living- ;away to the ends which are weighted with gold tassels. stone of New York, and she is the twin sister of Mrs. ; There is much merit in the scheme' as the shaping does Ogden Mills, the wife of the well-known millionaire, away with all clumsiness, and the tassels afford weight, Bridge Parties.—Mrs. George Cavendish-Bentinck is and so keep the scarf in its place. MADGE. one of the London hostesses who are noted for their ele. smart and succesful bridge parties. The game is very popular with Americans, and although it is several years KEEP PEPS ALWAYS HANDS. since since Society in general first took up she bridge _— mania, it appears to be played as much as ever. Its only rival ping-pong " has happily disappeared, and The Throat and Lungs in November. although bridge-playing dies down in the summer, it becomes at this season of the year once more the chief , --- resource of social ertertainments. Many hostesses The introduction of Peps, the new pine-air treatment have adopted the practice of giving luncheon parties, for coughs, colds, and bronchitis, has met with popular and bridge afternoons. It is no doubt better to play favour. The unique scientific success of Peps is due to cards in the afternoon than late at night, but among the pure pine-essences of which these concentrated good players there are few women who do not find that medicinal tablets are chiefly composed. is the pleasant bridge involves a certain amount of wear and tear on Peps are crushed or dissolved in the mouth they the mental faculties, and if one plays in the daytime it impregnate your breath with the identical pine odours and then continue down and end with two snore is as well not to indulge in the same recreation in the which have made the pine forest resorts of Switzerland velvet bows. Three tiny tucks over each shoul- evening. and Norway so famous for the treatment of chest and der give a slight fulness over the bust, and the A Story from America.—The German robber captain lung troubles. ; embroidery which enriches the coatee is exe- -the hero of Koepenick—has been almost outdone by a As you breathe, the healing fumes of Peps bathe cuted in gold thread and mother-o'-pearl sequins. story which comes from America. A fashionable every inch of the delicate membraneous lining of the This coat is worn over a perfectly plain frock of hostess of New Jersey was giving a masquerade ball, air-passages, from the throat to the utmost corner of accordion-pleated voile, finished with cuffs and at which prizes were to be awarded for the most original the lungs and bronchial tubes, with their demulcent, waistbelt of chiffon velvet, in exactly the salmis costumes. In the midst of the revelry, three antisceptic, and germicidal pine fumes. . . tint as that employed on the coat. " brigands" entered by one of the windows, and the Peps contain no opium or any other harmful narcotic i WALKING DECSSES. hostess and her guests showed their enthusiasm to keep or sedative drug. They soothe the sore and inflamed , s up the spirit of the entertainment by handing over their tissues of the throat and limes as no cough-mixture ; The walking--dres of the average English- jewels, whilst one or two of the " brigands proceeded which is merely swallowed -direct into the stomach woman is certainly getting shorter and, with characteristic realism to annex the silver on the possibly can do. . I plainer, says a fashion writer. Heather-mixtures sideboards, and any other loose valuables lying about. ; * * * * * * I are at this season, and from now until late Then they left, and it was not discovered until Palf an ; Always keep a box handy when November's fog and spring, the most suitable. A real ,Harris tweed, hour later, that they were really burglars, and had taken ' damp has brought out once more that throat-tearing besides its fairy property of breathing sunshine away with all the other valuables, the first prize which cough of bronchitis. A few Peps taken regularly will and summer wherever it goes, in its delicious was to have been given at the ball. I afford welcome relief; and the treatment if persevered scent, is pre-eminently the best material for an John Bright on Women's Suffrage.—Evolution has in, will cure the trouble, however old-standing. I everyday winter suit.. It wears well, shews no brought many changes since the days of John Bright I * * * * * * : mud, is light and yet warm, and can be made but it is interesting to note that while he was at one i Never start on a long train journey without a box of sufficiently smart for all morning occasions. The time an advocate of Women's Suffrage, he changed his ; Peps. The risk of chill and contact with people who , accommodating way in which it gets splashed opinion in after life. He was influenced to a large I may be suffering from highly infectious chest and lung without shewing it is in itself a wonderful advan- extent by the rowdyism, he witnessed at municipal con- ' complaints are very dangerous when the ever-present eage, for if one has to be out for a stretch of tests, after women were admitted to some small shar#l " draughts "in a train make your lungs susceptible. ; hours a -muddy appearance will render shabby, in local elections, and he said, "I confess lam unwilT- a e * * * * i and unsightly the neatest toilet and most be- ing, for the sake of women themselves, to introduce Carry a box of Peps in a handy pocket, and take a ' coming dress. Although a tweed suite should be them into the contest of our Parliamentary system. I , few at once whenever you begin sneezing. A sneeze is i plain in outline, a velvet collar and cuffs makes Ifl think they would lose much of that which is best that 1 Nature's first warning of a ci cold: Peps will ward it fairly smart, or even smooth cloth in a con- they now possess, and that they would'gaih nothing I off the threatened attack, and be a sure preventive of . trasting shade. from being mingled or mixed with the contest and the , pleurisy and pneumonia. polling booth." There is no doubt that that opinion is * * * * * * A LONG TIME GETTING THERE. very largely shared by women of the present day. But When you go to a concert, public meetings, or to a , There is a true story, says London Opinion, of although politics have not been purged of their ball or the theatre in thin attire, take Peps with you. ene young woman who had devoted almost a unscrupulousness they are certainly cleaner than in They will ward off chill, and rid you of the evil results year to pulling wires and using all possible infiu- olden days, and Lady Francis Balfour, Mrs.Fawcett,and of breathing foul air. Remember that in a crowded ence to gain an interview with a certain theatri- others who advocate all "constitutional methods " for room the air you breathe is polluted with the carbonic cal manager. At last her hopes were realised; I obtaining the franchise, believe that the influene of acid gas exhaled by all present. she got her appointment, and she was finally women in political life, would be altogether to the * * * * * * ushered into the managees private office. He good. Possibly they are right because socially and If you are seized with a persistent tickling cough received her most cordially, and offered her a morally, women do stand on a higher level than men, Peps will help you to get rid of the cause of the irrita- and it would be only natural to suppose that this would tion, and will save you from an obstinate attack of chair. "Thank ou," she said, gratefully. "I y tell in public, as it does in private life, sore throat or bronchitis. think I will sit down. I've been past ten months l getting here, and I'm a little tired." And the The Author of "Prisoners."—lt must be seven years * * * * * * manager, who is really a great man and hence since Miss Mary Cholmondeley took the English speak- Peps should never be absent from the nursery. They has a sense of humour, promptly engaged her. bag world by storm, with her remarkable book "Red will save the careful mother many an anxious houremd Pottage," but if this distinguished authoress works bring ease and rest to the little sufferers from whooping- I FIFTEEN-GORED SKIRT. slowly it is to some purposes and if such a thing is cough or croup. possible, "Prisoners' (Hutchinson) has placed Miss * * * s'* * I Fashion at the present moment allows great freedom in the choice of each for our skirts, and Cholmondeley upon a yet higher rung of the ladder of Keep a box of Peps by your bedside, and that nasty while some houses are favouring the circular fame, in the world of fiction. 'rbe author of "Red cough which keeps you awake at nights will be skirt others are vying with each other to find out Pottage" and "Prisoners"—who by the way is a great- promptly got rid of. That significant morning cough, hew mar* seams one skirt can possibly contain. neice of Bishop Heber—began writing when quite a which speaks of deep-seated lung trouble, is best child, but none of her early work has been published, treated with the pure pine essences in Peps. The maximum number so far as can be ascer- talned seems to be fifteen, and it is this skirt indeed some few years ago she deliberately destroyed * * * a * e ' which is shewn in the sketch. Well cut, and it, for fear that one day she might be persuaded to allow what she considered immature work to appear. Straight Hair Made Curly.—Strong healthy hair we are told, is straight and lank, and when it curls naturally it is only because it is of inferior quality, and full of flaws and defects. It is the breaks and perfora- tions in it that makes it wavy, and if you have straight hair, all you have to do to it, according to this latest theory, is to have these defects reproduced by an artificial process, when it will become naturally and permanently curl. The occupation of the professional "waver" will be gone, for, as naturally curly hair is never so wavy as on a wet day, so the straight locks made curly will, it is said, brave the wettest of Scotch mists. At first one is inclined to be a little sceptical about such promises, but it would be a boon to vast numbers of women, if they should prove in the course of time to be justified by practical results. The Millinery World.—Flowers, so say authorities on the subject, will be worn all through the winter, the only difference lying in the fact that they are built of velvet instead of lighter materials. A distinct novelty however, is the uncurled plumage of vulture, which is ornmenting the most up-to-date hats. The effect is much the same as in the case of uncurled ostrich feathers, namely stringy, and headgear so trimmed may be said to be curious and weird, rather than beautiful. About Colours.—The painfully violent early Victorian colours, which modistes endeavour to brine' forward at the commencement of the autumn, are disappearing, and the artistic woman is apparently to be spared many shocks that seemed to be so surely in store for her a few weeks back. Where the dyers of the middle of last century obtained their inspirations, it would be difficult to imagine, but they certainly did not go direct to Nature, as they do nowadays. With such exquisite hues as the dyers of to-thy place before us, it seems incomprehensible that fashionable dressmakers end milliners should demand colours that are hideously

Keep Peps always handy wherever you are, for one never knows what perilous infection of consumption, influenza colds, laryngitis, or sore throat rray be carried about by the people we are constantly coming in con- tact with. Peps are obtainable of all chemists or direct from the Peps Pastille Co.. Carlton Bill, Leeds, for one-and.three-half-pence a box. Peps virtually bring " A Pine Forest into every Home."

Drowning Fatality at Warrington. An inquest was held at Warrington, on Tuesday, I by Mr. Brighouse, on the body of Walter Barber, I general labourer, who resided at 35, Welfield-street, Warrington. Deceased, who was 26 years of age, was : the son of Mr. Charles Bather, Bradley Hill Farm, I Lymm.—Mr. William H. Owen, secretary of Messrs.! Monks, Hall and Co., Ltd., said he went to where deceased and other men were working at Atherton's Quay about five o'clock on October 26th to try the oilskins,and instructed Barber to get a bucket of water oat of the river. Barber went down the quay side byl a ladder and on to a boat, and Mr. Owen was of the I opinion that in attempting to draw the water the 1 strong curtent running at the time pulled him in ' No one saw Barber fall into the water, but a splash I was heard. Directly afterwards he was seen struggling in the water, and a lifebuoy was' thrown to him. Barber failed to grasp it and sank. Grappling operations were carried on by the Runcorn Grappling Corps, under the direction of Captain Bvfield, hut the body was seen lying in the mud ..t Bank Quay on Sunday by a man named James David- son.—A verdict of "Accidental death " was returned. Mr. Steel attended the inquest in the interests of deceased's relatives.

•.\,', Ski \ N.,

**.\LV, '\ !

made a nice round length, no skirt is more com- fortable for walking, and the many gores make ,a most graceful shape, as the skirt falls round the feet In many folds. The little coat which is worn with this fifteen-gored skirt is made with stitched pleats back and front. A velvet belt • holds them in place, and passes under the slack front. The sleeve cuffs and revers are faced with velvet, while the tiny vest and under- sleeves are of embroidered cloth.

NEW VEILS. Veils are one of the season's most extrava- gant fads, and the newest model is the hand. painted chiffon veil with a pretty design of roses on a black ground. 2..nother new veil is in silk point d'esprit with a border of Chantilly lace in a small design. Embroidered spot silk net veils with a tiny fringed border are ex- tremely pretty, and chiffon veils with hem- stitched or striped gauze borders are worn in many smart colours. -

TO-DAY'S RECIPE. QUINCE MARMALADE.—Pare, core, and quarter some quinces, and boil them in as much water as will nearly cover them until they begin to break, strain the juice from them, and put half . a pint of ,it to each 1113. of . quinces. Simmer gently until they are perfectly tender, then press them with the julc through a coarse sieve, put them into a perfectly clean pan, and Iboil them until they form almost a dry paste. Add. for each 11b. of quinces and the half-pint of puce, :,•In. or wnite sugar. anu non. tne marma- lade for half-an-hour, stirring it gently without couing, It will be very firm and bright is 4 polour.

( . '0 • . '-'3 eF: 4e•j 4. \j , 4., , • :-.:-;'-'-s's,ll 1/412;‘'''''' 1 (i'l t„ . i 1 , i . A . j .•

1„. 5.k;,....a.:i ..r / - .?I '' ) . /' '‘'..,', o I' •••-, 1 ' )b. .1, ;`....-,•%-,. ~ ' ji-0 # : i 'i '', ' i / • i i i .; '\ •:. H I : d• ! / , .: :i\ , 4,4 ; the - - '. :----."-- ~......„_ -_,--,T._--

===== 0002601_19061110_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
II

===== 0002601_19061110_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

s

\

We have got to find the lady who was not delighted with this perfect . aio lk \ cake maker, Vltl^ .1 "auige' Ckae> Flour Avoss' ,I • 006 N.. ' ?1" • ':, the ready sweetened,areadyu Wlth ;. flavoured \ \ \ \ \ \ 's..:^s: Ky preparation ouen i ev that cnaickee-cmaakkeinlgt fxitpytieF have no previousc nba light .e /s\ \. - ' ',: ." •''',,,2-te"g:„,'''' c. ,v,e.' Tett......,, •,..,1, ~.. iene, cake a ':,t,•'' o \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ grocere of time or ‘44 Or \-: the cakes that keep. Every pa.cket. •it .:., \ i containscreociophesa 0. rTyh e pßr ioc eo ins 31Free. Vi rite to us y for a copy of the booK out . Cakes T 4 " we have just published. It IS illustrated ‘N\ and dh Sweets" j photographs of the actual dishes, and being the work of a well-known expert clear, concise and practical. \st4 .N., ,tiftroirsuapb aipeua.„skiestktth,o ~ d , airny bda ati,-ledart i ktiel e \ . Write for a free copy to Dept: vi -.P., \ PAUL BROS., Millers, to, Brunswick St., LIVERPOOL. y— , . •.,''s.,:l „ --.. • , I 4 :1/4 ' :\ \ '. \ ‘ WlNkl&rk\\*lM.V;tßa4N' ‘' .s<s. \\ \ - 1. '... • ~ .... '' '''' ..' `.. i.? 4 • ,;.' '-, \ N •

\)l+:,‘ A

NN

\\A

===== 0002601_19061110_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
waved both his arm . small white dog joined in the chorus, barking loudlr, and, running along the gunwale way:ging ils tad, plainly thought he to himself: "You mos talk and shout, gentlemen, but I found it !"

_ Towards evenin they were approaching the main- land, and that ni _lit, under cover of friendly dark- ness, the little ,at slipped into port and safely landed. Thanks to Terence's previous blarney and Ramsay's digni y of manner the harbour officers did not trouble their heads about the little vessel and its cargo of guano. Our friends' fortunes were Indeed made.

[Tux Eat.]

===== 0002601_19061110_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
DREADED NOVEMBER

A Girl Nervous and Depressed; Quite Bloodless and Exhausted; The Easy Victim of Disease. Dark Days Made Brighter; Rich Blood and New Strength; Happy and Well; Cured by

===== 0002601_19061110_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
DR.WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS

"I had good cause to dread November, for it was in that month that my life began to be an existence of continual suffering," said Miss Gertrude E. Collis, when seen by a "Bath Chronicle " reporter. " When I look back on that period," she said." I feel that but for the timely help of Dr.,Willis.ms' Pink Pills for Pale People I could not have lived through it." The dark damp days and clammy nights of November present a real danger to all whose blood is thin and weak, and who with feeble systems are ill fitted to face the perils of a long winter. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills make plentiful, good, rich blood, and so overcome disease and debility. Miss Collis, who is in a situation at Marlborough Buildings, Bath, continued :—" f could not understand the meaning of the great change that came over me, for I fell so distressingly weak and ill that I was fit for nothing. Besides being terribly nervous and depressed and upset by trifles, my appetite, which bad been grow- ing smaller and smaller, left me. Then my stomach either rejected food in violent fits of vomiting, or else it lay on my chest undigested and gave me most agonizing pain. This happened until I TURNED FROM THE SIGHT OF FOOD. I had hardly enough strength to stand upright, while to go upstairs was almost beyond me. I would stop, struggling for breath, with my heart palpitating. My lips and cheeks became white as a sheet, and my eyes dark and hollow. So bloodless did I become that my flesh was almost transparent. Weary to death all day, and longing to sleep. I never seemed able to get rest at night, but woke up every, morning exhausted and miser- able.

"Medical skill seemed powerless to give me any relief. I was told that all my miseries arose from acute ancemia, and finally was advised to go into hospital. This I did, and there I remained for weeks, after which I was taken to Templecombe. But EVERY ATOM OF STRENGTH HAD VANISHED. and I felt as ill as before. A doctor ordered me not to leave my bed, and there I lay helpless, living on sips of milk food. Though at last I struggled downstairs again, it was impossible for me to do anything. "One friend advised me to take Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and at last I yielded to persuasion by buying a box of these pills. A little while after I found myself enjoying food and looking forward to meals. Then I picked up strength enough to go for short WALKS WITHOUT I felt bright and str

===== 0002601_19061110_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKS WITHOUT BEING EXHAUSTED.

rong, and I continued the pills so D WILL/ 5 strength steadily INK re urned, and blood 1 / ILLS 6 see ed to Row' through OR Qj °I, my veins again. I P, 01, steadily regained myformer activity and spirits , and before long was quite well, and able to retutn to Bath, as happy and hearty as you see ice now. I owe my present excellent health to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, By supplying Red, Good Blood that fortifies the system against the ravages of chills and repeated colds; that is the secret of the great success achieved by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, which have cured Anemia, Indigestion, Eczema, Rheumatism, Sciatica,St. Vitus' Dance, Neuralgia, Nervous Disorders, Paralysis, and Locomotor Ataxy. Sold at shops (but avoid substi- tutes, and take care that the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, is on every package) or direct from the British Depot, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, post free for 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for I3s. 9d.

Rev. H. Donnie° and National Decay. Preaching in Kensington Baptist church, Liverpool, on Sunday evening, the Rev. H. Dnnnico made specild reference to the causes of national decay. In the coure,e of his sermon he said that to him it was deplorable that men,whose Sole desire for governing the city was to protect a vested interest, should secure their ends on the hypocritical pretence of being anxious to preserve religious teaching in our schools. He yielded to no man in the desire to see sterling Christian men in the seats of authority ; but be would prefer to be ruled by such men as John Morley, John Burns, and Robert Blatch- ford, agnostics though they were, than by the " friends of the trade" returned to power with their aid and to protect their interests. The so-called " trade "did more to blight and curse human life in a year than Church-Catechisms did good in twenty.

A L _ ,EOP

===== 0002601_19061110_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
A SAILOR'S MEAN THEFT.

At Runcorn Petty Sessions, on Monday, before Messrs. A. Thomas and John Littler, Alexande, Gallo- way, a young seaman, was charged with having stolen 155., the money of Robert Ross, 'from the steamer Sapphire, at Runcorn, on the 3rd or 4th inst.—Robert Ross, fireman on the steamer, which belongs to Messrs. Robinson and Sons, of Glasgow, said that at ten o'clock on Friday night, the steamer being in the docks at Man- chester, the prisoner came on board and said he was destitute, apd asked to be taken as far as Runcorn. He was allowell to remain, anc slept in the men's quarters. The boat came to Runcorn on Saturday, and prisoner again slept aboard. That night he (prosecutor) hung his trousers up in the sleeping quarters, and when he went to them next morning he missed abut 15s. The prisoner had gone. He gave information to the police. —P.C. Wilding said he received information and arrested prisoner in High-street on Sunday.—Prisoner said he did not steal so much. He pleaded guilty to having stolen a lesser amount.—The Chairman said it was very shabby of prisoner to steal the man's money after having been brought to Runcorn on the boat for nothing,— Prisoner: I could not get a ship and had nothing. I am very sorry.—The Chairman: You might have left the money alone anyway. You must go to prison for a month.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
WARNERS isAFF., CURE CUBESnoThle,ekryidnseeynsshitaicviee nerves, so the first symptoms of pain or uneasiness show

disease to be KIDNEY advanced. Uric acid poison thus set up at- tacks the weak- est organs; therefore the

S ynipt o in s aaarnlle various dbewprllesnett DISEASEin any case. Some of them are— Lassitude and Weakness, Scanty Urine, Scalding of Water, Headache, Chills, Backache, Indigestion, Neuralgia, Rheu- matic Pains Loss of .Plesh, and Failure of Pains, - In general, pains and diseased condi- . tiOn will develop in any organ or part of the body which has from any cause been weakened. Warner's ' Safe ' Cure is the certain and unfailing remedy. It not only removes symptoms: it cures. If you feel out of sorts and have an undefined sensa- tion of impending danger, you may be sure the kidneys are deranged. Warner's ' Safe ' dure may be had of all chemists, 2/9 and 4/6, or post free for price direct from H. H. Warner & Co., Ltd., 86 Clerkenwell Road, London, E.C. Never forget that \Varner's ' Safe' ' Cute is the best remedy for every stage of kidney disease, from first to last. Never forget that kidney disease creeps orl you.

KNOW IT IN TIME!

===== 0002601_19061110_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Liardi

===== 0002601_19061110_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
, • - • , • ° ,

4 g

===== 0002601_19061110_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
, , , , \ .. , lk , , , ...,::, 1 , .. , ~ ' 1 ' , r

===== 0002601_19061110_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
FOOTBALL.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
BUS'IP-4-,POEY S

\

jOr DEMON 6 ARE OUT ANI OTHER 611APCS3C 6,

IVERS lAV THE BEST. lU6

APPLY TO DEALERS FOR BUSSEY'S CATALOG

THE NORTHERN UNION.

THE COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP.

G. T. P. G. T. P. Lancashire NOELTFIERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

G. T. P. Leeds 2 2 10 Halifax Wakefield T q 4 16 Hunslet 2 2 10 Hull K. Rovers ... 3 2 12 Swinton Warrington 3 2 12 Wigan St. Helens Liverpool City ... 0 1 3 Bramley Keighley Hull

_ Rochdale H. Batley Oldham 6 3 21 Leigh 0 0 0 Iluncorn Warrington v Wigan. There was the biggest gate of the season at Warring- ton on Saturday, when Wigan were visitors, quite 6,000 spectators assembling. Warrington had to find sub- stitutes for Isherwood, Lees, and Naylor, while VVigart were handicapped by the absence of Jenkins and Leytham, who turned out for the county. Fine weather Prevailed, and a very keen, fast game was witnessed. Teams and officials : Warrington—Berry. back ; Fish, Dickenson, Taylor, and Brooks. three-quarter backs; Hockenhall and Jordan', half backs; Heath, Harmer, Thomas, Boardman, Sugars, and Preston, forwards. Wiean—Mason, back ; Treharne, Jones, Coulthard, and Green, three-quarter backs ; Thomas and Anderson, half backs ; Morris, Whittaker, Blears, Walton, Kaye. and Brooks. forwards. Referee. Mr. P. Clegg', Manningharn. Touch judges, Messrs. J. Roscoe, Broughton Rankers, and J. Lawton, Oldham. Wigan early pressed, and a fine effort by Treharme and Jones almost overcame Berry's sound defence. Fish drove the visitors out, and fast work between Hocken- hall and Jordan led up to Warrington attacking. Fish snapped ma the ball from Mason's toes, and making an Opening for Dickenson, that player crossed. Strong forward play gave Wigan the advantage, and Thomas and Anderson were held up just inside. Near the interval Fish in trying to save his lines, deliberately knocked the ball behind, and a penalty was awarded the visitors, from which Mason placed a goal. A brilliant run by Brooks was saved by the Wigan custodian, and at half- time Warrington led by three points to two. Turning round Wigan were early penalised, and Fish Placed his side further ahead, and shortly afterwards a second penalty was turned to good account by Fish. Wigan now had a prolonged spell of attacking, and repeatedly got to the line only to find Berry's defence very sound. A capital sprint by Fish led up to another attack, and Harmer scored from a cross-kick,and Preston added a goal. Wigan got well inside the home quarters in the last few minutes. and Green scored at the corner. 'Result :—Warrington 3 goals, 2 tries (12 points) ; Wigan, 1 goal, 1 try (5 points). RUNCORN v. SALFORD. At Runcorn, before 2,000 spectators. The start vas dflayed half an hour owing to the late arrival of the visitors. In the first two minutes the Runcorn forwards made a desperate rush to the Salford line, where the visitors were penalised, Richardson placing a goal. Brady, Preston, Gurnee, and Wallwork made headway with passing, but Moran dribbled to the Salford line, Ttla.ere Flanagan picked up and scored, Richardson fail- at att goal. Vigorous play followed, and Richardson further two points from a penalty kick. Hump- son made tracks for the Runcorn line, but was knocked into touch. aust before the interval Deakin scored for Runcorn, Richardson improving. Half-time score : • Runcorn, 3 goals 2 trios (12 points), Salford, nil. After the interval Runcorn started without Langley. who was suffering from concussion. Runcorn kept up a strong attack, but the yisitors got to the Runcorn half, when the latter were penalised, Brown placing rt goal. Play then settled in the Salford half, and a foul tackle resulted in the visitors being penalised, Richard- son adding a further goal. Brady then retired hurt, leaving each team with twelve a side. Near the close a forward rush by Runcorn ended in Kennedy scoring at the corner, Richardson failing at goal. Result : Runcorn, 4 goals 3 tries (17 points), Salford 1 goal (2 points).

ST. HELENS v. WIDNES.

Played at St. Helens, before a good attendance. Prescott started for St.Helens,and early on Widnes were Penalised, Traynor experiencing hard lines with his shot at goal. Widnes then opened outa grand passing move- ment, in which all the backs, participated, the result being that Tilley romped over near the posts, for Davies to kick a goal. However, shortly afterwards Whiteley ran over from a splendid forward rush, under the posts, and Toole landed a goal, placing the teams level. Half- time score :—St. Helens 1 goal and 1 try (5 points), Widnes 1 goal and I try (5 points). Widnes restarted the second portion, and were early pressing, the ball going dead. A good kick by Hillen put St. Helens on the aggressive, but the home team being, pen9lised for not playing the ball, Davies kicked a fine goal, giving his side the lead. Whiteley then kicked down, and the home forwards took the ball to the Widnes line, where Traynor got hold and scored at the corner. Toole failed to land a goal. Widnes made several rushes, in which Toole distinguished himself. St. Helens rallied in the closing stages, and Hall picking up dropped a goal. Result :—St.lielens 2 goals and 2 tries (10 points), Widnes 2 goals and I try (7 points).

N DR ND OUT.TML TYE.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Iv

•

===== 0002601_19061110_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WIGAN " A " v. WARRINGTON "A."

• • - --- -- About 4,000 spectators assembled at Central Park, Wigan, to witness this game, which was regarded as the most important in the Combination fixture list. The opening stages were keenly contested, midfield being the scene of operation during the first ten minutes. Gleave set the Wiganers' tbreequarters in motion, but little ground was gained. Lloyd broke sway, and dodg- ing several ,of the home backs in clever style, he

NASAL CATARRH & ASTHMA.

THEIR COMPLETE HOME CURE. Post Free to Sufferers who Apply at Once.

Just published, the second edition of a 48 page book fully describing Nasal Catarrh, Asthma and Chronic Bronchitis, and how these dangerous diseases may be completely cured at home. The most practical work ever issued, and which should be in the hands of sufferers who desire to speedily cure themselves. This offer stands open for 30 days from this date. A post- card giving your name and address will bring you the book by return post. Address Dept. W. 219 Dr. Cavell's Co. Ltd., Ayton Buildings,King-street West, Manchester,

===== 0002601_19061110_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
\ .

'` Scotch Pancakes"

drop scones,

.0 Octinty

for 'ea as hi the "the Irma e cakes.-

Made in 15 minutes with Brown & Poison's "Paisley Flour," per recipe in Paisley Flour packets.

IThe best results are e4ly obtained by the use of B

rown Poison's'

raising powder

"Paisley Flour"

(Crade ,nrark )•

_.,-.7 -:-.:" /, -), *"..-er 7 7:- -<- /-) - /7-* A..' '''• _,,,, ..,44c>, / C.L: Vj :4--ii . 11' i, ..._: ...t. -...v. ......) . / '4,7.0. N i i 'CA-- ,' ~.\.°/ iti r er_,.r., ' ' irp \ ...,,,e/ ill Li , t_.,y z ~,- .1. ' A \'` [ e ,•\.,,. ' k' e,'..- 1 '

===== 0002601_19061110_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
'll Newmarket. Sor!ng or Pottle 10/6

===== 0002601_19061110_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
(Hiwi-CLASS) 113 84 118, BREOCE CTREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON JUNIOR LIBERALS. --- Municipal Purity.

PAPERS ON RUSKIN AND CARLYLE.

At their weekly meeting on Monday evening the members of the Warrington Junior Liberal Association were favoured with a visit from three representatives of the Lancashire and Cheshire Federation of British Young Liberals. There was a good attendance and a hearty welcome was extended to the visitors by Mr. Joseph Hawthorn, president of the Association. It was decided that Mr. C. L. Williams, of Stockport,president of the Lancashire and Cheshire Federation, should take the chair. Mr. WILLIAMS said the visitors had heard a great deal of the Warrington Junior Libdrals and they bad not felt satisfied until they had got them to join the Federation. He assured them, on behalf of the Federa- tion, that they would do all in their pea er to make them feel at home and he trusted that the time would come when members of the Warrington Association would hold high offices not only in that Federation but in the National Federation. (Applause.) very good work was being done by the Federation throughout the country. It was most gratify- ing to see such great enthusiasm displayed at the annual conference at Birmingham when Mr. Lloyd George— (applause)—addressed the young bloods. As young bloods they would make mistakes, but they would learn as they went along. He hoped the Warrington young Liberals would look upon the Federation as their own and that their connection with it would be a long and happy one. (Applause.) The young Liberals of Stock- port had taken an active part in the municipal elections. If they in Warrington had not already done something in that direction, he trusted they would in the future. Warrington, no doubt, like Stockport wanted purifying. No doubt they found a difficulty in getting candidates for Council honours to guarantee that they would fight the elections on the purity ticket. They had found a difficulty in Stockport but be was pleased to say that those who had stood on the purity ticket, had fought and won on that ticket. (Applause.) He hoped the Warrington Junior Liberals would do the same at the elections next year. If they could not got the parent Association to guarantee them candidates, he hoped they would bring their own men into the field and back them on the purity ticket. (Applause.) Mr. HAROLD GRAY, One of the , secretaries of the Association, then gave a highly-interesting and inform- ing paper on" Ruskin's social economy." He traced Ruskin's career and pointed out that his early life and I environment were by their exclusiveness not such as '• one would expect to stimulate interest in social I problems. A concern for the well being of the mass of people was soon born in him and, although it must have been a wrench to do so, he ultimately forsook artistic } pursuits for the more serious study of political economy. 1 His first works on the question consisted of essays to ! the" Cornhill Magazine" which aroused such feeling that Thackeray, the editor, declined to accept the last , one. This awoke in Ruskin a resolve that he I would utilize his time to break down the system of I economy which he considered to be false. The great factor which lay at the base of his social criticism was that he dwelt upon social affections instead of 0£ s. d., ! and thought far more of human values than of mere monetary worth. His great object, in fact, was to humanise political econorny. As he himself put it, "the final outcome and consummation of all work was to pro- duce full breath, bright eyes, and happy, hearty human creatures." Although Ruskin's theories commended themselves, the great point was as to how they could be put into practice. Many manufacturers were as desirous as Ruskin to take into consideration these human values, but it was easy to use high flown phrases, whereas when it came to material facts difficulty arose. Ruskin contended that 'manufactuters ought not to produce merely what people wanted, but what 'they actually needed. He also held that the wealth of the nation was not to be judged by its finances but by the possession of great men. Ruskin, who was a Socialist of the right kind, fought nobly for the vast, struggling mass whom no man could number. He used himself as its collective voice and to-day men were rising up in this country who had caught his spirit and would never lay calm until the wrongs which abounded were redressed. (Applause.) Mr. BOYLE, of the Lancashire and Cheshire Federa- tion, having thanked Mr. Gray for the intellectual treat he had afforded them, the deputation left to catch a train. Mr. HAWTHORN took the chair and said Ruskin's views were appropriately summarised in the inscription on the Venetian Church whieh he mentioned in one of his books "Around this temple let the merchant's law be just, his weights true, and his contracts guileless." Ruskin's programme included the establishment of Government training schools in which children should be taught the laws of health, habits of gentleness and justice, and a ditlling by which they could earn their living. His method of dealing with the unemployed was that they should be received at certain centres and compelled to work if they were tit ; and that homes should be provided for the poor and destitute. One of the great ideas mdulding his opinions was that of co-operation. ( A pplause,) An excellent paper on " Carlyle's political teaching " was read by Mr. Burtt. He said that Carlyle insisted on the unity of race and would not tolerate anyone who said " Am I my brother's keeper ?" His earlier Radical- ism was tinged with Conservatism and his later Con- servatism was of a revolutionary type. He, however, maintained an unshaken interest in the welfare of the people and the belief that legislation should have that continually in view. He held that the strongest Government must be the best, that was in which the power was concentrated in the hands of a single individual. He did not think that freedom Was a thing to be desired of itself. The main drift of his political teaching rested in his absolute belief in strength and utter distielief ain what Mazzini called collective wisdom. The march of events, however, was proving the inadequacy of that position. Strong and more practicable points in Carlyle's teaching, some of which had already been attained, mere his insistence on facili- ties for men to rise from the ranks, his advocacy of state-aided emigration, the institution of a minister of education, his dwelling on the duties as well as the rights of land owners, the care of the destitute, the better housing of the poor, and the better regulation of H weights and measures. e always entered a molt vehement protest against the doctrine of laissez-faire. (Applause). An interesting discussion followed, Mr. George Walker pointing out that while they would no doubt agree with Ruskin in his condemnation of cut-throat competition they looked in vain in his works for a remedy. The essayists were cordially thanked on the proposi- tion of Mr. DARBYSIIIRE seconded by Mr. R. LLOYD JONES.

Elias Hurst, a Widnes labourer, who has been con- victed at Warrington, Widnes, Chester, Newcastle, and other places, at Northwich on Thursday was committed for trial on a charge of stealing overcoats,from shop fronts.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
The• Examiner, Saturday, November 10, 1906.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV. JOHN YONGE'S LONG i MINISTRY. • Thirtieth Anniversary Recognized.

Sunday was the thirtieth anniversary of the com- mencement of the Rev. John Yonge's pastorate at Wycliffe Church and the interesting event was fittingly recognized. A pleasant surprise awaited Mr. Yonge,tor on entering his vestry prior to the morning service he found lying on the table an artistically-designed silver rose bowl,filled with choice roses and lilies of the vallay. The gift was accompanied by a card on which was written From the ladies of Wycliffe Church to their dear pastor and his wife, as a small token of their affectionate regard, and with sincere wishes for many happy returns of this anniversary and earnest prayers that both may enjoy health and strength to continue successfully their good work for many years. Wycliffe Church, Warrington." The gift was subsequently laced in the pulpit and during the service Mr. Yonge feelingly acknowledged the kindly spirit which had prompted it. j He said that he was most tenderly touched by the I unlooked-for demonstration' following all that had ' been previously manifested, and added that he was especially grateful for the affectionate way in which Mrs. Yonge was recognized in the presentation. It was, indeed, a pleasant and beautiful surprise, and he accepted it with keen appreciation of the affection it expressed. Mr. Yonge mentioned that it was forty-four years since he commenced his work as a minister in the Isle of Wight. The rev, gentleman preached from the words " Seek the things that are above. Set your affection on things that are above," which. Mr. Yonge ' observed, was a much-needed, but much overlooked, theme of Christian teaching in the present day. At the evening service Mr. YONGE preached to a large congregation from the words "Our Lord Jesus Christ," Romans v., part of verse 1. He said he had that night deemed it well to seek a text that should present upon that anniversary what he had honestly striven, with numberless and serious failures, to make the theme most supremely of that pulpit. Some of them might recall his first sermon as pastor on Sunday I morning, November 5, 1876, and they 'might even remember the text, "From whence eau a man satisfy these men with bread here in the wilderness ?" And the answer to that question, the only possible answer, either then or now, was and is that" Our Lord Jesus Christ " is " the bread of life," the "bread of God which came down from heaven and giveth life unto the world " ; " That is the bread which came down from heaven that a man may eat thereof and not die." He thought he might claim with confidence that the theme of that pulpit during that long period of 30 years, con- sistently and persistently, with loyal faith and earnest purpose, although with many shortcomings, had been Jesus Christ. The preacher 'further accentuated that fact by once more speaking to the congregation of Him, of His alone Savionrhood and Masterhood, His Sufficiency and Sovereignty. They must remember that as often as people had assembled in that Church for worship they had met together in His Name. Whoever constituted the congregation, however many or however few, our Lord Jesus Christ had always been in the midst. If it be true that they, Wycliffe minister and people,and also the neighbours and friends who out of Christian kindness had come with thern,were interested in that anniversary, might they not be con- fident that He also waa interested therein ? Did He not from his perfect knowledge and with His infinite sympathy, -enter fully into the chequered thoughts and tender feelings and pathetic memories which that , thirtieth anniversary produced in them ? He had known I all the persons who had occupied those pews all those years. And He knew them now. They had not passed from His memory even if some of that congregation had forgotten so me of them. The seniors among them would, however, easily recall the names and faces of a very considerable I number who, 30 years ago, occupied those seats and joined in the worship and work of the church. When I they came to think and remember, it was a deeply pathetic circumstance that so large a percentage of the I Wycliffe com uunity in 1876 were now dispersed or passed. Thirty years had made great changes and had i recorded many losses, although, n the providence of God, it had witnessed many accessions and even a goodly net increase in the membership. Of the deacons —Samuel Rigby, Robert Wallace Murray,John Dignum, IJames Stelfox, William Wallington, and Ziba Armitage —only the latter was still with them. Might Mr. and Mrs. Armitage long continue to be with them. Of the members on the church roll when his pastorate began, in number 168, only 28 were now with them. Of the officers in the Sunday school of that time, only two out of 13 remained, and only a similarly small propor- ti on of the teachers of that day were with them now. The seat holders also in the church membership had largely been taken from them either by change of resi- dence or by death. The church, which, in H 76 com- prised' in its avowed church membership less than 170 persons, numbered now some 360 persons, while in the 30 years there had been upwards of 800 received into fellowship. There had been frequent and numerous deaths, and still more numerous removals from the district. Some were worshippers in other churches,and some, unhappily, bad lost their interest in the things of God, but, at least, the figures he had quoted 'testified that the Saviour,had there gathered disciples to Himself even in goodly numbers. But abovetand beyond these must there not be many others whom Christ had " found "there and who had found Christ there, but who might be, as they knew that some were, in many parts of the country and even of the world. Continuing, Mr. Yonge said he was intensely desirous that a great and blessed result should accrue from that anniversary day, and that it would be the renewing of every Chinch ' member's and Church officer's and by no means least, the Pastor's own consecration to our Lord Jesus Christ. They had for many recent months seemed to be on the low levels of Christian profession and service. In face of the material needs of their Church buildings, it might be that they had lost sight somewhat of their spiritual needs and work. By God's goodness they had been anabled to carry through the material work, and were within sight of • its near conpietion. Now let them go on to the spiritual enterprise which belonged to them as a Christian community. They could by cordial combination make that chinch tell upon the town more than ever it had in the past. There was not a church member or attender who could not bring in one new adherent, without robbing any other church, which was a hateful thing to do. He longed to see Wycliffe young men and women enlisting In Christian service and coming into personal Christian service. Would they not all surrender and yield'to His grace? Would they not enlist under His standard, and henceforth live to do His will

True-hearted. whole-hearted, faithful and loyal, King of our lives, by Thy grace we will be, Under Thy standard, exalted and royal, Strong In Thy strength, we will battle for Thee. Peal out the watchword and silence it never, Song of our spirits, rejoicing and free, True-hearted, whole-hearted, now and for ever, King of our lives, by Thy grace we will be. CONGRATULATIONS FROM THE P.S.A. SOCIETY At the close of the Wycliffe P.S.A. meeting, Mr. R. Atkinson moved, and Mr. W. Crosskill seconded, and the Secretary supported, the following motion, which was heartily carried :—" That we heartily congratulate our President on reaching his :10th anniversary as minister of Wycliffe Church ; also his 44th year of his pastoral WOI k, which was commenced in the Isle of Wight. We wish both Mr. and Mrs. Yonge Many happy returns of the day,' and hope for them both many years of health, work, and service." GOOD WISHES FROM WORKINGMEN'S MISSION. Mr. Yonge has received the following letter :- 21, Pickmere-street, Warrington. November sth, 1906. Dear Mr. Yonge,—The following resolution was unani- mously passed at a special meeting of worshippers at the Workingmen's Mission on Sunday at the close of the evening service : "We take this opportunity of expressing to the Rev. John Yonge on the completion of his thirty years' Ministry in Wycliffe Church, our high appreciation of his Christian life and service, and that while his ministry has been chiefly directed and concentrated amongst his own people at Wycliffe Church, it has been repeatedly extended beyond those limitations, and we believe it has inspired and affected alike for good all the Free Churches of the town. We earnestly pray Almighty God that it may please Him to spare in health the life of His faithful servant and that the years to come may if possible be filled with yet more fruitful work for our Glorious Master."—Yours sincerely, ALFRED TILLING, hon. secretary.

The Rev. B. C. -Constable, a Stocl:port Unitarian minister, was at Stockport on Thursday fined 7s. 6d. including costs for riding a bicycle on a footpath at Bra/nail.

1,10;;IES SERVED ON CANAL COMPANY.—The Ship i Canal Company are negotiating with the Manchester and Salford Corporations for the burning of objection- able refuse at their destructors to obviate the nuisance complained of by the local authorities for Ham and Cadishead, Partington aud Bucklow rural district. The last-named body have already decided to serve the Ship Canal Company with an abatement notice, and the TrlarnCouncil instructed their sanitary inspector to do likewise. It is probable that legal proceedings will be obviated.

WASTING OF THE NERYES. Invalid Nearly Five Years. TWO SPECIALISTS FAILED. GAINED 19 LBS. IN WEIGHT & MADE HEALTHY AND STRONG BY DR. CASSELL'S TABLETS. MR. CHARLES EGGEN- TON, 6 Greame - street, Whalley Range, Manches- ,er, writes :—" For nearly lye years I was practically in invalid, suffering from extreme nervousness and bodily weakness. I have been constitutionally weak all my life, but the chief cause was overwork-and a severe attack of Influenza. The least thing worried me and caused palpitation. I was under two specialists, who dosed me with iron tonics which always left " me in a worse condition. I saw DR. CASSELL'S FLESH- ING & STRENGTHENING MR. EGGENTON ( f roiv Photo) TABLETS recommended for Nervousness and Loss of Flesh, and got a box at Delves' Drug Stores, Manchester. If anyone had told me I would be so improved with the first box, after two specialists tried to cure me, I could not have believed him. What surprised me most was the rapid increase in flesh and bodily strength. When I commenced I weighed 8 at., 91bs., at the end of 12 weeks I had gained just 19 lbs. My flesh is firmer ;I am very much stronger both in body and nerves,and last Sunday I walked 20 miles without fatigue. lam returning to my work next week. You have my heart-felt thanks and best wishes for your success." DR. CASSELL'S FLESH-FORMING AND STRENGTHEN. TABLETS create Nerve Blood, Healthy Flesh, strength, vitality, prevent Premature Greyness, and delay Old Age Appearance. The remedy of doctors and scientific men; the perfection of medicine for weak decaying nerves and body in young or old. Ask for Dr. CASSELL'S FLESH-FORMING and STRENGTHENING TABLETS. price 100., and 2s. 9d. per bottle. Sold by all Chemists, or post free from the famous Dr. Cassell's 'Co., Ltd., King-street West, Man- chester. Advice free by letter.

. . 8 :

===== 0002601_19061110_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyright.)

THAT DAWG SLY,

By S. BARING-GOULD,

Author of "Red Spider," "The Gaverockz," ,"Richard Cable," "The Pennycomequickz," "Cheap Jack Zita," "Mehalah," &c.

Thomas De Vere Winterbottom was a clerk in the office of a chartered accountant, named Sloggett. He had lodged in Norfolk-street, Strand, but was compelled precipitately to change his place of abode. The landlady, Mrs. Fish, had scarlet fever, but kept the matter close till she was peeling, when she , deemed herself sufficiently recovered to attend to ' the cooking and bed-making for her several lodgers. The result was that three of them sickened from scarlet fever. _ _

Thomas De Vere Winterbottom at once resolved on shifting his quarters. The reason for this had got wind, and Mr. Sloggett said to him: "Look her Winter, I'm not going to have you infect the rest of my clerks. We are likely to have a busy time next month, and if my clerks are going to be prostrate and tucked in with scarlatina, I shall be up a tallertree than the ailanthus glandulosus, which is called the Tree of Heaven, because it reaches to the clouds. So you just keep away for a fortnight, till all risk of infection is over; and do not return till you have been put into an oven raised to 212 deg. Fahrenheit, or else have been shut up for forty-eight hours in a room, her- metically sealed, full of sulphur fumes. In such cases, one cannot make too sure. Ta-ta 1" So Thomas De Vere Winterbottom had to shift his quartero, and was given a holiday of a fortnight. He looked about for suitable rooms, and found I hem in a street near Oxford-street.

The landlady said: "Oh, yes! I can take you, but I expect two weeks paid in advance. I have been done by a man named Price, who has gone. He disappeared the night before last, without leav- ing a trace; and, what is worse, he has not taken his dawg with him. I'm not going to pay the tax —seven-and-six--and have to feed the nasty brute as well. He eats as much as a Christian."

"Where is he?" "There, behind you. He's that sort of dawg as always is behind your back." Mr. Winterbottom turned and saw a little mon- grel under the table lookiieg at him with remarkably intelligent eyes. Being fond of animals, the clerk stooped and patted him, and addressed him caress- ingly. The beast winked an eye, and accepted the endearments as his due.

"I think I will retain the dog till his master returns to claim him," said the clerk. "It's my_belief you'll have to keep him a pretty long time then," said Mrs. Giles, the landlady. "And, what is more, I'm not sure as you'll like his tricks. I can't say nothin' for certain, but I misdoubts that there dawg." The beast looked at the clerk and winked again. "What is his name?"

"Well," said the landlady, "his owner used sometimes to call him Sly, and sometimes Slyboots, as the fancy took him." Then said Mr. Winterbottom, coaxingly: "Sly, will you be friends?" The dog, who had seemed perfectly to understand what was going on, responded by putting his wet nose into the clerk's hand, and then, at once, with- out another word, satisfied at the concordat, left the house and vanished up the street. • Thomas De Vera paid his rent for two weeks in advance, and then revisited his former lodgings to remove thence such of his property as was there. On his return, he took a chair and seated him- self by the fireplace, with his feet on the black sheepskin rug, when he noticed something lying there, half-covered by the flocks of wool. He picked it up, and found it vvas a leather purse. On opening it, some silver fell out, and in an inner compartment were three sovereigns in gold. Mr. Winterbottem at once summoned the landlady. "Look her, Mrs. Giles," said he, "your former tenant was not so unjust as you supposed. He left his purse behind him to defray your charges." "I don't think he did that," was the reply. "But," said the tenant, "has anyone else been in the apartment since he left ? " "No, mister, no one." "Then it must be his."

"Well, I don't hold that it is. Howsomdever, as he owes me three pun' six and eightpence ha'penny, 1 don't mind if I do take the money." "That is within a few pence the sum in the purse. You see how wrong it is to judge men prematurely. He was honest, after all. You may as well take the purse likewise, Mrs. Giles." "No, thank you, sir. I'll content myself with ' the money. There is still ilvepence ha'penny.short.” "I'll ut the purse on the mantelshelf till he . returns," said the clerk.

"I don't think he will return," said Mrs. Giles. "And, sir, if I was yOu, I'd get rid of that dawg." "What has,the dog to do with it ? Sly!" Mr. Winterbottom saw the beast under the table watch- ing him with an eye shut, and called to him. Ile caressed him. 'Good dog Brave old Sly! Honest old Slybootsl" Mr. Winterbottom was not a man to care greatly for diversions. He rarely visited a. theatre, and never a music-hall. He spent his evenings in his lodgings cultivating his mind. He may have felt lonely at times, but he had now a dog to keep him company, an entertaining little creature, as he soon discovered, full of tricks ; and the first evening spent in the new apartments passed most agreeably; it was one of the pleasantest in his recollection. For he could talk to and fondle the dog, and make it sit up and beg, pretend to be dead, and jump over his hands. Next day, having nothing particular to engaga him, he resolved on a stroll in one of the parks, and on taking his canine companion with him. Sly trotted .demurely to heel for some time, and then, in the most thronged portion of Oxford- street, Mr: Winterbottom missed him. He was greatly annoyed, for he feared he had lost Sly and his engaging society wholly. However, on his return to his lodgings, he found that the brute had retraced his steps, had waited at the door till it was opened for a lodger, or to take in meat, had dashed within and was lying under the table, with his snout on his paws, waving his tail and with his intelligent eyes full of observation. Thomas Be Vere knelt on the hearthrug, and took out his match-box to put a light to the fire, when, to his astonishment, he found on the sheep- skin a brown-paper parcel, neatly tied up. Without further considering his fire, he took this up, untied it, and found that it contained a gold bracelet, set with brilliants and turquoises, of which latter one had fallen out of its setting, and

armlet was of no very great -value intriniically, du. was handsome, of Indian make. Mr. Winterbottora turned the article about, greatly wondering, and then rang for the landlady. , "Mrs. Giles," said the lodger, "I have found a parcel without address in my room. It contains a gold oriental bracelet set. with jewels. Has anyone been in my room since I left this morning?" "No one that I know of, sir, except the dawg." "But how came thia here? I can hardly have omitted seeing it last night, and the slavey is not likely to have dropned it when cleaning the grate. She does not wear braceets ? " "Hardly, sir." ' "Is this house bewitched ?" "No, sir. There is something written inside the bracelet." "Is there ?"

The clerk took the bracelet to the window. "By Jove! There is. 'Henrietta Fraisne, 16, Cardigan- square. From her dear friend Adela.' There now! I have an address. I can find out about this. You are sure no lady was here who could have dropped this ? "

"Quite sure. And, sir, I think if I was ycn I wouldn't keep that thie dawg." "By Jove ! " exclaimed Mr. Winterpottom. "I'll get at the bottom of this mystery at once. I can but call this afternocn at Cardigan-square. Come along, Sly, old b. y, come along my honest fellow for a little Ivalk."

Sly at once rose and accompanied his new master, trotting at his heels a little way down the street, and then—presto! he was gone. Nor did Mr. Winterbottoin see any more of him till his return home.

Tie took hk way to the square, found .No. 16, and knocked at the door. To the servant who answered he gave his card, and asked to be allowed to speak to Miss Fraisne. The servant ascended the stairs and left Mr. Winterbottom in the hall. Ire returned presently and said that Miss Fmisne was particularly engaged, but that if Itir.Winterbottom would state the purpose of his call she might perhaps manage to give him a minute of her time.

"'Will you be good enough to say that I have found something of value which I suspect the lady has lost." . . .

'The man went again upstairs, and next momer, s charming young lady tripped down. "I beg a thousand pardons. I was holding a skein of silk for my mother, who was winding it off. Will you kindly walk into the breakfast-room?" She led the way. When Mr. Winterbottom was in the apartment with her he brought out the bracelet.

"It is mine," she said. "It was given me by a dear friend, married in India. How did you corric by it? I was taking it to a goldsmith to have tho clasp put to rights—it catches—and a loose turquoise set, and somehow on my way I lost it; how, I cannot for my life, imagine." "And I," replied the clerk, "I, for my life, cannot imagine how it came upon the hearthrug in my Innale lodgings." 4. Then he informed her of his discoveries. He proceeded to tell her of the purse found the pre- vious evening in the same place. "I do not believe in the supernatural, tricksy spirits," said he ; "but, upon my soul, I cannot conceive how else these tricks can have been played on me, unless there be a Puck or Pixie in the house." "Really," said Miss Fraisne, colouring, "you have' do e me an immense favour. I was about to offer a reward for its recovery. Ido not know what to say—how to make an acknowledgment for what you have done, Mr. Winterbottom, but if you would kindly mention—" "There is but one acknowledginent I will hear of," said the clerk, "and that is, to be allowed permission to call again, once only, to tell you how this maddening mystery clears itself up." "You are heartily welcome," she answered. "But do come upstairs and see my mother. She has been so distressed about the loss of the bracelet, and will be vastly interested with your story. Will you oblige me by telling it to her yourself ? " Mr. Winterbottom could noNefuse.

When he left, it was with the old lady's entreaty, united with that of her daughter, that Mr. Winter- bottom would call again when he was able to explain how the bracelet had got into his possession, or, rather, found its way to his hearthrug. The clerk walked home as though treading on air. So charming, so beautiful a girl as Henrietta Fraisne he had never met before. What her circumstances were he had no other means of judging than by estimating the character of house and household. He judged that the family was very'comfortably off, but not wealthy. Oh, that he could solve the mystery The sooner it was solved the better pleased he would be, for then he would rush back to Cardigan-square and see Miss Fraisne once more, and hear her pleasant voice for the last time. • - -

On his way home he looked on all sides for Sly but could not see him. However, on reaching his lodgings the dog was there. Mr. Winterbottom was angry. "Sly," said he, in a tone of reproach, "I am not pleased ivith you. You are idle, sir, idle and lazy. You shirk a walk, and yet exercise is neces- sary for the health. We shall have you suffering from some disorder if you avoid taking constitu- tionals. Halloo! Good gracious I What is that?" I On his hearthrug lay a letter. . I He knelt and picked it up. It WU not in an envelope, consequently had no address. He un- folded it. There was no address at the head of the letter, that ran thus:

"My darling, ever dearest Edward, —I have not seen you for many—too many—days, having been away by the seaside. Oh, bow I ..have pined for you How many pocket-handkerchiefs I have moistened with tears, longing, sighing, aching for your dearest face. And now I insist on our meet- ing at once. The 6th of this month, at half-past five. I shall be at the pastry-cook's at the corner, where we eat cheese-cakes together; after that we will stroll together in the Park. Do not fail me at the pastry-cook's, at the corner of Oxford-street, at half-past five, to-morrow the 6th. My lips burnt for an hour after jou last kissed me. —Ever and eternally yours, " SELINA."

"Good gracious me!" exclaimed Mr. Winter- bottom. 'l'm glad my name is not Edward. But oh, if it had been addressed to Thomas Be Vere and signed Henrietta, it would have been another pack of cards altogether. Bless my soul To-day is the 6th, and in another hour it will be half-past five. lam certain to find the confectioner's shop —at a corner. Come along Slyboots. I am not going to put up with your laziness. Out you shall come, aerate your lungs and circulate your blood. This time you shall not desert." • SO saying, Thomas De Vere took a piece of twine and attached it to the collar of the dog. Then he went forth, Sly attending him, but much out of humour at being deprived of his liberty, and inclined to drop sulkily into the rear. The clerk looked about him as he walked along Oxford-street. It is a long thoroughfare, and no indications were given in the letter as to the side on which the place of rendezvous was. "Oh, those mad, passionate lovers!" thought he. , "How youth and ardent blood surmount all prudential barriers. They are certain to be punc- tual. I should be so if I had received such a letter from Henrietta." At that moment he heard a clock strike the half-hour, and simultaneously two persons, the one a gentleman and the other a lady, entered a pastrycook's at a street corner opening into Oxford-street. ,

I Mr. Winterbottom followed, full of confidence, and, passing within, heard the gentleman address his companion with the query: "What will you have, my dear?" "Cheese-cakes," replied the lady.: I Instantly the clerk laid his hand on the sleeve of the gentleman and asked: "Is your Christian name Edward?" ; The person addressed turned round. He was a heavy, stout man, well advanced in years, with drooping cheeks, and dark whiskers turning grey. ; There was the commercial look about him strong. He was either a stockjobber or a shipbroker. The lady was middle-aged, by no means elegant in shape or beautiful in feature. Her complexion was choleric and her eye volcanic. ; "My name is Edward," answered the gentleman. , "But pray what is that to you?" I "It is now half-past five," said Winterbottoin, solemnly. "If you desire to know the precise time," said the stranger, looking at his watch, "it is 5.38." j "And she asked for cheese-cakes," said Winter bottom, gravely and impressively. "She—sir ! Whatedo you mean by she?" "She—why, Selina." "Edward, is this man mad?" asked the lady. "How dare's he call me Selina when my name is: Maria Antoinette." "I beg your pardon," said. Mr. Winterbottom. "There has been some extraordinary mistake. And yet, this is a corner shop. I must justify myself." He dropped the string by which he held the dog and. produced the letter from his pocket. "Look, sir Look, madam ! Here you have it all. Edward —half-past. five o'clock—cheese-cakes—a confec- -4.4----- ecirmar " .

"Edward I' exclainied file iauy, =axing up. "This does, indeed, demand an explanation. Au. I your true and long-suffering wife, and you—you go making appointments with young ladies—ladies, indeed !—at pastry-cooks'." "I beg pardon," explained the clerk. "It is the lady who makes the appointment." "The point is immaterial. Oh, you Don Juan! You Lothario Sighing and aching for the sight of your flabby face, indeed !" "I know nothing about this. I never met any Selina in, my life, protested the frightened man, breaking into globules of perspiration. "A corner shop. Oh, how cunninf. Moistening a thousand pocket-handkerchiefs witii sentimental tears. Gah

"There are other corner shops," said the man, in a trembling voice. "I vow and protest—" "I also vow and protest," interrupted the angry "wife. "Lips burning for a week after your last kiss, indeed! I suppose you hadn't shaved before you administered it." "This is insupportable," gasped the commercial man. Ahd, turning on Mr. Winterbottom, he demanded, in an agitated voice: "What is the meaning of this? eknow not a word about this. It is an insult, an outrage. Why have you done this? What is your name ? Where do you live? Who the deuce are you? Why is this abominable trick played on me?" "Here is my card," said Mr. Winterbottom, "I am extremely embarrassed and distressed that I Should have fallen into so ghastly a mistake." "Oh, this is no mistake. He is capable of every- thing, stout and elderly though he be," exclaimed the lady. Alarmed lest he should be further involved in the conjugal tempest he had inadvertently roused, Mr. Winterbottom fled the confectioner's, and. hastened home.

But the dog had preceded him, and when he entered his room was lying under the table, licking his lips and winking. #

Onsthe hearthruereposed a silver card-case! "Here's a go!" exclaimed the clerk, and stood and contemplated this last deposit in consterna- firm. He at once lighted the gas. and the silver j case glittered as it reflected the et.. "Was there ever such a diablerie as this enacted before? be hanged if I touch it! I shall go off my head." He retreated to his bedroom, where he washed his sands. On his return, the case was still on the rug. tie stooped, picked it up, and placed it on his table. At the same rament the door opened, and the gentleman, whom he took to be a stock- broker, entered, heated and angry. "I have come to know the meaning of this, Mr. Winter—Winter "—he referred to the card, and concluded "bottom." Then, after stertorous breathing, he resumed: "You have caused un- pleasantness—to use a mild expression—between me and my wife. lam as innocent as a babe unborn. I never knew a Selina. Be blowed to them! Selinas, indeed! Hallool What have you here? My wife's card-case! A silver family heirloom. What is the meaning of this ? He opened it, and drew out—not a card, but a photograph of his wife. "Hah " he shouted, and stamped about the room. "I see it all, in its hideous wickedness. She has been here. She—involved in a miserable intrigue with you. She has given to you her carte de visite and this silver family heirloom. Oh, nothing is' too good for her inamorata and that affair of the letter was a basely contrived plot, a diabolical plot, devised against me, me innocent as the saints in light, so as to throw me off my guard. Hah hah hah !" He twisted about the room stamping. "I will dash this photograph into her face; I will hurl at her my denunciation of a vile intrigue with a Winter—Winter "—he-referred again to the card, and concluded with—"bottom." "Sir," said the clerk, with dignity, "you are most unreasonable. I absolutely deny the charge.* "How then came this card-case and photograph in your possession? I pause for a reply." Mr. Winterbottom was silent. He could not answer the question. At this juncture steps were heard on the stairs, the door was opened, and a couple of policemen entergd, followed by Mrs. Giles. "There's the dawg," said the landlady, "under the table, with his tail between his legs, and both eyes shut and snoring. I knew he was a bad 'un, and up to mischief."

"And Price lodged here P " asked the chief of tl,e two constables.

_ "Yes," answered Mrs. Giles, "till two nights agone, when he decamped." "And who may these gentlemen be ? " Mr. Winterbottom gave his name. "I have but just engaged the rooms." he said. "Sir, said the policeman, "a notorious thief called—it is one of his aliases—Price, has been arrested. He has, been in the habit of emploxing a dog—that dog there, sleeping so sweetly--:Eno, hang me! he has one eye open—employing that dog to pick pockets for him. Have you noticed any signs of roguery 4,et the brute?" "Four," Mr. Winterbottom replied. "The last —this card-case, stolen in a pastrycook's shop, whilst the lady was addressing her husband." Then the clerk told his tale.

The stockbroker grew cool and collected, And wiped himself down with his silk pocket-handker- chief. "My good fellows," said he to the con- stables, "if you will step round to my house with the dog and tell the story to my wife—she wouldn't believe me if I were to tell it, and were not corro- borated by you—l will give you each a sovereign and 'a couple of glasses amy best port. And you, sir "—to Mr. Winterbottom—"will you do me the favour of dining with inc " "I should be most happy," the clerk replied. "But that I am duo at No 16, Cardigan-square." "Well—dine with me to-morrow.

Mr. Winterbottom sped to the house in the square, sent up his card, and, notwithstanding the hour, was readily admitted. He was now able to give the entire story and solve the mystery. He was invited to stay for dinner by Colonel Fraisne, a merry old Indian officer.

That was but the first of several visits, and hie dinner next day was also the first of several with the ship-broker and his wife, who both took a fancy to him. The old gentleman presently offered Thomas De Vere a situation in his office, at much better pay than he had received at Sloc,'ett's, and without exacting of him that he should be doubly disinfected. It is not improbable that eventually he may become a partner. . - . .

It is also not improbable that his visits to No. 16, Cardigan-square may also lead to a partner- ship, but of another kind. And all this was brought about by That Dawg Sly. [Lir END.

Chronic Chest Trouble. AN INVALID FIVE YEARS. Completely Cured by VENO'S LIGHTNING. COUGH CURE. A Case that caused wide-spread interest In Liverpool. . Mr. C. FIELD, 17 Desmond Street, Heyworth Street. Everton, a gentleman well-known in Liverpool, writes, June Ist, zgoe— W. H. Veno, Dear Sir—" About 15 months ago I forwarded a full account of how I had been rescued and suffering, by the astonishing merit of VENO'S LIGHT- NING COUGH CURE, I suffered from a distressing cough which seemed to absorb my entire vital strength, and left me as weak as an infant. I described to vou in my first letter Lew I was,compelled to sit upright in bed night after night fight- ing for my breath. Nearly every hope died within me-,-and I got tired of my own existence. My wife spent a small fortune in doctors' bills, yet they all failed to stop my terrible cough or recruit my wasted strength. At last.afier five yearsof acute suffer- ing,relief canie.as if by a tniracle,inVENO'S LIGHT- NING COUGH CURE. Until the end of my life I shall never forget the ease, comfort and benefit derived from the contents of the first bottle. lam N quite strong now, and have continued to improve since I sent you my last letter, and am as active to- day as any ~an in -Liverpool for my age, which is (6. I consider VENGS LIGHTNING COUGH CURE the cheapest and safest family remedy any person could have in their home. My object in writing you is to express toy gratitude to you for my splendid ASK FOR

rENfdguLgTlNjttiE

The pureit.and moet efficient Remedy procurable for Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Catarrh, Weak Lungs & Children's Coughs. 9id., llli and 219 per bottle. 'bemis:s ,Vores everywhere.

after five years of misory sç photo o • MR. FIELD (from

cure." At al: C

===== 0002601_19061110_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
FACE COVERED WITH SCURVY

Lithe Boy so Terrified By It that he Could Not Sit Still—Miserable to Watch Him—Suffered Nine Months—Now Rid of Disease. WHOLE FAMILY PRAISES CUTICURA

"I am quite willing to state how' grateful we are for the great benefit received from the Cuticura Remedies.. Each of us, five in family, have used either one or the other pf the Cuticura Remedies and have found them equal to what they are claimed to do. In fact, it is marvelous to see the change in so short a time. Our son, ten years old, had patches of scurvy on the face and lower limbs, and was so terrified by it that he could not sit still, and it was miserable to watch him. He had it nine months and now is quite rid of it, by taking several doses of Cuticura Pills, constant use of Cuticura Soap .and Cuticura Oint- ment for about six weeks, using about one half box Cuticura Ointment and one half vial Cuticura Pills for his cure. We had tried several other remedies before, without much effect. You are quite at liberty to use this if it may benefit any sufferer. Any sufferer wish- ing to write us personally, we shall be pleased to testify to the quality of the Cuticura Remedies. Mrs. A. Jones, 8 Avenue Road, Dover, Feb. 12, 1906."

CUTICURA TREATMENT For Torturing and Disfiguring Humours of the Skin, Scalp and Blood

Consists of warm baths with Cuticura Soap to cleanse the skin, gentle appli- cations of Cuticura Ointment to heal the skin, and mild doses of Cuticura Pills to cool and cleanse the blood, and put every function in a state of healthy activity. A single treatment is often sufficient to afford instant relief, permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy cure of -eczemas, rashes, irrita- tions, and inflammations of the skin and scalp, from infancy to age, when the usual remedies, and even physicians, fail.

- - Sold throughout the world. Depots London, Newbery, 27 Charterhouse Sq.; Paris, Roberts, 5 Rue de la Pat; Potter Drug at Chem. Corp., Sole Props. 111/- Mailed Free, "All About the Skut and Scalp."

EYES TESTED FREE.

MOST APPROVED METHOD.

F. H. ARCHER, F.S.M.C., 8.0. A. MOST MODERALR PRICES FOR sPE:cr sax% AND ETEGLASSES• PERFECT PIT. _ .

--• ARCHER & SONS, Specialists, 73, LORD SUET, LIVERPOOL. TELPgONE 5615. ESTABLISHED 1848.

SOLD EVERYWHERB at lc lid., 2s. 9d., 43.13c1., and us 0 yrb • d e, LUNG TONIC,g WORLD'S CURIE FOR 00IIGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS ASHTMA. &O.

MERRYWEATH ER ON WATER SUPPLY AND

Y THE \

===== 0002601_19061110_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRE PROTECTION

of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements.

WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS:

MERRYNEATRER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LOBON, EC.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
KEATINGS

LOZENGES

TINS

===== 0002601_19061110_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
CURE THE WORST COUGH

Letters horn people who have received great benefit from the use of Clark's BI ad Mixture. It cannot be too highl- estimated for it cleanses and clekrs the bland from all Inc purities, This is a good testimonial from the " Family Doctor." which goes on further to say : It Is the fir-lest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to ligh, and we can with the utmost confidence reoommend it to our sub- scribers and the public ge erally." For Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, Ban Legs, skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and sores of all kinds the effects are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials. Clark's Blood Mixture is sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless I.n:tations and sub— stitutes. Advt (4). CLariliß'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cumin either sex, allacqulred for constitutional discharges from the DinaryOrgans, Gravel and Pains in the back. Pre from Metrury. Established upwards of 3() years. In boxes 4s. 84, each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through. on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt., . _

MOTHEILS.—.MIS. WINSLOW'S Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their childrzn while teething. with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer Immediately. It ie pleasant to taste ; and produces natuari.gniet sleep, hi relieving the °land from pain and the little chertiNassakes "as bright as a button" et all Chemists Is. lid. per bottle.— art.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER AND CO., PRINTERS.

BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_19061110_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Che eranuner 'trim OF WEBK-BND NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES :- 11HE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE BXAMINER. 1 published every Saturday morning. The principal And the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Pcnketh, Winwick, Padgate Lymm. &c., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. 9-niu RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday 1 morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. /THE WIDNES isXVIII,II4II, published every Saturday _L morning. Whines contains the lergest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. THE BARLESTO?N AND NEWTON EXAMINER, 1 published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Barlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne. Haydock, Lowton. &c. The distrie thus comprised is s most important part of the Lancashire coal- Beide. rilEtEl ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every 1. Eaturday morning, circulating in St. Helens, Preseot, Parr. Sutton, Peasley Cross. &c --the centre of the Glees. Chemical and Watch Trades of tdoe Kingdom.

------- PREPAID ADVRRTISEMENTS. APARTMENTo WASTE'', HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST:, MISCELLANROITS:WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 84. ... Is. 3,7+. 2s. Od. ... 3s. 94. 27 ... Os. 94. ... le. 104. ... 3s. 04. ... ss. Od. 36 ... la. fl. ... 2s. 64. ... 4s. 04. ... 6s. Ocl. 45 ... is. 3d. ... 3s, Id. ... 54, Od. ... 71. 04. 54 ... ls. 84. ... 3s. 84. 80. Od. ... 108. Od.

Bomeett Otrbants. cu. W BAsTißdigle st via a GIRL once. ag9 13 Or 19.--ROYAL OAK,

IiVANTBD a good GHNBRAL SIIRVANT.—AppIy 18, WINMARLEIGH ST., Warrington.

WANTBD, gool GENBRAL ; reference required.—HOLLY V Mous E. 176 a, Lord it.. Southport.

GENERAL WAN THD at once • small family; wash, cook, BAIMEY, 35. Leigh rd., Levton.

NAT ANTED GENHHAL, about 8 ; state waess and refer- ences.-31se. JAMES. West view, Cnlchetb.

T ANTBD good GKRAL ; Cook. wash; tiro in family ; Y nurse kept. IC9. SHAW HEATH, Stockport.

COOK-altNhliAL 25 to 30 ; three in family; TV £lB to £2o.—Mrs. BCKERSLEY. The Nleanleyai Tyldaley.

NITANTRD 0121TICRAL. Wash, plain cook. Good riser. Good wages.—Mrs.Biacxanax, 3212iortb rd ,Clayton. Manchester.

WANTED. good COOK-CrIiNKRAL ; wages £22.—Apply, with references, Biro. FOULDS, Stanley Villa, Come, Lancashire.

WANTED. GIiNEARAL, four fa family ; houlemail kept IPPIY Mrs. HARBISON, The Rectory, South Reddieh, Stockport,

vir ANTED GlibiltitAL, good, clean and tidy, for Public ; 9 god Wages ; no agents.—SIMPSON, ersoy Hotel, Stockport.

NVANTIM COOK, good situation near Warrington ; wage, £22.—Apply, Wes HUDSorg, 104, Buttermarket at., Warrington.

WANTED HOUSEMAID about 18, smart; toree maids kept ; E.C.—Apply Mrs. U., West House, West Town, Dewsbury.

WANTBD Trustworthy CiWNIIIIIAL, at once. Not under 20; no washlng.—Apply Mrs. SWIFT, Packet House Hotel, Bur cough.

‘A/ ANTED GENERAL immediately; able to wash; V wages ss. weekly ; homely place.—THOS. BOARDMAN, Starcliffe , Bolton.

ANTHD GUM, 16 or 17 ; young coupe; state wages, references.—Mrs. HOWARTH, Rothsay, 85, Green et., Middleton. Manchester.

ANTED. aa experienced GENERAL ; good wages, email family; DO washing.—Apply, 4, BIRCH AVENUE, Old Tra fford. Manchester.

\AiANTHO a tiOUK-G2N811411., two in family : good situation ; wages, £2O to £22.—MiSS HUDSON, 104, Buttermarket it., Warrington.

WA Ili hp btroug coomry titt“.. tor nomeworat Dining Room, Catholic preferred. age 16 or 17.—apply Box M.J., Itaaminer Office. Warrington.

NITANTED an experienced HOUSHMAID, not under 25 ; wages. £22 to £?.4.—Apply, &s ilimsox, 104. Buttermarket at., Warrington.

ANTBD a GIRL about 16 years as General ; small V fsmily.—Apply Mrs. WEBtSTER, Fruiterer, 753. Ormsklrk rd., Pemberton, nr. Wigsn.

WANdlll'lCtiDps G. tNa:elt.A2l2.,OSIIVnAl:TgrEEtDoar lamma,p2. fLamaailsydo;wanll. rd., Higher Crumpiall, Ma.uchester,

'WANTED CiliNlißaL bBIiVANT who can wash; November 29 ; family two ladies ; good character necessary.-31, HALE nn , Altrincham.

AbITED two women as COTTAGE LAUNDRESSES, I'V state full particulars and wages asked—LADY HANMER, Battlefield Park, Whltchutch, Salop. - -

===== 0002601_19061110_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
VVANTED strong GENERAL SERVANT ; wages £l4 £lB ; good references require:l.—Address, ALBION REGISTRY OFFICE, 10, Queen at., Leigb. Lancs.

SiiABTBD, good GENISRAL, about 13, to help with house work; fond of children; no washing.—Apply Mrs. (Mawr, Tarbock rd. Huyton, tic Liverpool.

W AtrkoDn,e a aguolotda bGI eU• DiErerrLen.eneotreucinudierred2u ;zpopoidy wgre.a. 'AITE. Hutton lane Farm. 14 ,yton, Liverpool.

Taw.

WY. ANTED, good strong ILIBNISRAL ; must be clean and tidy ; willing Worker; part wash; reference ; good horne.—Apply ISlrs. LLOYD. 7, klarkst St., Southport.

_ WANTBD COOK-dAsNBRAL, able to take all duties, for famlly of three ; references required ; comfortable situatiou.—Apply Mrs. HARDmAisr, Ingle Nook, Glossop.

WyAN:AIL—Conks, Parlour ftod HoueeEnalole, Nur .re. Generals and liltcheatnalcls; v,ages £li to .240.- 11re.WILLIA319. Agency 69... rtat Queen st—Leudon, W.C.

v‘fANTBD good CiIiEBBAL. for Sew Brighton, Cheshire, must be clean, good references.—Apply TIMMONS, 17, Harlot., Warrington. on luesday, or 26, Sandteld rd., bew Brighton.

r RS. READ requires experienced COOKS. Housemaid- 11l Waitresses. Cook-Generals, Kitchen-maids and superior Generals. Reliable places.-6ELECT BEGIsTaY. Eusholme, Manchester. Established 26 years

IV ANTED situation as Head Working GARDIGNEkt ; two V or more kept; energetic man; life experience, inside and out ; flc-wers, fruit, vegetables ; last place bead ; abstainer ; single ; age 28,—Tox Werdra,Stanton,flakewell.

VVAZITHD good plain LIOUK 23rd November and blouse Pariourmaid, good characters and references indis- pensable butt sisters or friends, family four, two maids.— address Mrs • LONGwoRTii 3, Cearns rd., Oeton, Birkenhead.

'OOO pieces waiting for GENERALS. Cook-Grtnerals and Housemald-Waltresses. Must have good references. Also Nurst-girls 16 to 18, and girls same age willing to be generally uaetul. Good wages.—Coovftr—a's REGISTRY. 21, Preston New rd., Blackburn.

LTRINOri AM, Bowdon, tiaa6 and distrlet.—Good Servants wanted, Cook for Hale, three maids ; three in family. Housemaid-Waitress, two maids ; four in family. Good Generals • also Cook-Genetals. Situations waiting.— Mrs. Baookz, 40, Oxford rd., Altrincharn.

AuTomOTO COOPS.—PARKER, Baguley, Altrincham

OHIUNBYPIRCB pole suspenders for airing clothes 7,1 pair.—Jrnia, 25. Hulme et.. Manchester.

LVERPOOL. CUP (Special Offer) ; another Mintagon ; P.O. 19. 14.—Luctr. 13. Shirley at.. Leicester.

T ADY'S 22-ct. rolled Gold Ring, lout with brilliants, 2a. LJ approval free,—?.. 15, Whittingstall rd., Fulham.

MAR MONInt elling Pictorial Post Cards, O. post free 10,—LE RUEZ, 31, Clear View, Jersey, CI,

DOOT DEALERS, write for Price List, 1,000 varieties.— •• HOLMES Warehouse, 31. Newa,§et at. Leicester.

LADrEd.—Bust developed. Marvellous receipt Send Is. only —Manama PErrirr, 14, Morley rd., Twickenham

PARSON' CO YI PRTITION soLurios S.—Complete set of 30. 7d.-.FOSTER, 11 Chanclos Avenue, S. Haling.

JJURNBit'S COMPETITION, etc. 6.00 Q stamps in 60 envelopes, Is. 6cl.—ALlanorsE,.7.llsnover st.,lslington;

ON SAL% 2 PIANOS. new, upright grand, overstrung ivory keys, no reasonable otrer rerused.-89, BEWBEZ ST., Warrington,

"DOYAL EDISWAN Electric Lamps at lowest possible. 11 prices. The trade supplied.—Write TERRY, 148, Old sc. I ondon, E.C.

QLFIKPLESSNE3S —Effective and inexpensive treatment, k 7 P.O. h. hundreds cured, why not you ,—BAKEB, 81 Angel lane, Strktford, E.

WELSH FLANNELS. unshrinkable ; direct from Looms at first cost. —Write HOPICIN MORGAN, Welsh Woollen Mills, Neath, Glam. Estab. 1827. CIOUNTER CASE. containing Christmas Post Cards, to k..) retail at 15s. 91.. post free 10s• 61., cesh with order.- C. PRIVETT. 84, Englefleld rrf., London, N.

ALLFLOWERS, extra strong plants; best-named sorts; VT separate colours ; 29. 100. no. 1.000 ; cash only. W. H. NEWBROOIC, Florist, Hemsll, Cheshire.

BAzaart GOOD (Special) 1. and sp.—Greatest variety and value in the trade.—SALmoN & AATTHEWMAN, Ltd. Plough Buildings, Gloucester st., Birminghanl.

YOUR Sweetheart's, Friends', linensles'. or your own Character from Handwri,ing.-9end letter enclosing Is. to BENDALL, 73, Clancarty r 4. Fulham, London.

STAHT a Mail-order Businela at Home. Splendid idea for dale le. 70. Proved money maker; no capital required.—GßAVES C/O Taylor, 22, Haley Hill, Halifax.

A DVIcE t 0 THIS SLISISS'LIfSS.—Take the Reliable Et Sleeplrg Powders. Safe and certain. le. lid. per packet, post free.— PARRANT9. Chemist, 0 rpington. Kent.

iili4rellantou6. On Roalts, dr.

VIXTURES AD FITTINGS FOR *ALE; suit draper.- 1 Apply, 88, RAILWAY RD., teigtl.

CINEMAIOGHAPH, Duplex, large size. perfect order. £42 for £l4. Rare bargain..--GORDON. Duper.

ria.RNATION Layers. 3s. 6d doz. ; Faßasun, Clove, iltaby V Castle, Helmsman.—R., 33, NEM' ST., Salisbury.

HOW TO MAKE INCUB&TORS, &c.—Circular (stamp). GREBT, 7. West Crown it., Salford. Manchester.

ELASTIC STOCKIts,Gb.—Por quality and cheapness order —T. Binexics, Manufacturer, 77, Peel st., Derby.

PPOTATORS —Finest. direct from Grower, fn. for !albs, Carriage paid.—Maxanga, Currance Farm, lipping.

g 'MEAL" ACCOUNT &WKS, Ledgers, 940 pagee, os. 9d V each, carriage paid.—Brax, 101, Bishopegate. London.

riIYPOGRAPHICAL VIEWS, all counties, tor selection; 1. clearing out chesp.—Boutusg, 61, Lougmore at., Birmingham.

11,MANAGIIABLS CHILDSIM.—Advice given, home, and schools recom mended. —Timm, 25, Littleton it. Wandswort h, London.

lI'S WORTH your whi e to try Welsh flannels for warmth, wear, and value from JoIEN WILLIAMS & SON, Woollen ManufAotufers, Brecon.

Otskidistan tor all tunes. bolid nilver Brooch inembed L Blizpah, pretty design. P.O. le.—Bicra. it Co., 37, Richmond rd., Barns'.ury, London.

Qt.LID Gold and neal Amethyst Bl(00011, cost 255., accept 13 126.6 d. ; 18 carat Goid-filled BltAllotatl, 6s. Approval. —WELLs, 45, Ardtillan rd., Uatford

LAZIBRS DlAMONDS.—Dlustrated Price List on applic.ation. Diamond. roset.—klues & 01IIPPER. 47 Percivai at., Goswell rd.. London, 8.0.

TIiuMAS OLINEALOGY BOOK, 730 pages ; 60 pedfgrees, portraits, views, arms, 20s. each. -OTECEI rhr & Co., Carey st„ Chancery lane. London.

QMOKY CHIMNEYS cured by the Grandmaster Chimney 1.3 Pot. The noiseless and most effifilent smoke conductor PARKINSON, Greenhill rd., Armley, Leeds.

FLIMB Blouse and skirt List, post free. Lovely designs. Single arttcies wholes Ale prices. —ROBERT Joeurr, manufacturer, 46, Pattenden rd., Catford, London.

laralFUL FreLch Artificial PLAN 2s. 6d. each, best imitation of real flowers for saloon decoration, last years.--kladame MORDANT, 31, Ferndale st , Cardiff.

LITERLING Bllver-handle L.:MMUS'ID/CULLA, bordered allk cover. Duplicate present. New, cost 215., Bargain Bs. 11d.-64, TRAFALGAR T. WEST, Scarborough,

LADY has 30 silver-plated spoons and forks (table dessert and tea) best make, new, IBs. 6d. Twelve beet Sneffield knives, Ivorine handles, new, Bs. Carriage paid.— it., WINFRITH Honer, Ilfracombe.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Vartnersbipei, usintssts„

BUINSE for Sale and Wanted.—Sead particulars to HERBY THORNE, 19, Ludgate Hill, Loudon,

IIAIRDRESSIIBS, Tobacco. Confectionery ; Stock and Fixture 245.-18 BLACK HORNE LANE, Waitbainsow,N.H.

4,Z MALL Milk Business wanted, doing al)out 20 barns.— k/ send full details and prica to 19 6T. PETERS ST. Canterbury.

OLD -RSTABLISHED FRUIT, CONFRCTIONRRY. &c, doing good trade ; best sbop in the street.--107, GREAT DUCIS ST.. Manchester, Price £lOO. Worth seeing.

Ie,2S".—LADY Partner Wanted, splendid opportunity kJ to join old established and profitable Business in Bold et., Liverpool.—Addrees B. 8., " lixaoslner " OEl3e. Warrington.

25 WILL BUY ICO mining sbares promising immense profits. The shares are guaranteed against loss ; the investment is Abe lutely safe.--A. L. WINEFB Co.. Fins- bury Pavement House, London, B.C.

fl OOKMaKER Wants PAHTSHIL with moderate capital to travel race meetings ; active or sleeping ; half profits ; good opportivlity tor one wishing to learn business.—W.P., 14, Yew it , Hulme. Manchester.

rrosaccornar STATIOWL'S ; good stook; elestric 1 light and gas ; takings unier assistants £2O weekly; good lease; tram station ; cheap at £490 ; no agents ; going to Victoria.—BUTLEß. 233. Kensington, Liverpool.

VXCELLENT BUTCHERING' BUSINESS in Harpurhey, ALI Manchester; averages over EaS weekly and Ea/ weekly daring Lamb season. Pony. Harness and Cart and all butchering utensils. Present tenant nine years ; good reasons for giving up business. Vendor will remain with purchaser as buyer for a time. Further particulars.—Mr. PORTER. 55, Cross it., Manchester.

JOHN BROWN, 34, SOUTII JOHN T. LIVERPOOL. TIM 179 Y CHNTRAL, HAS A VARIEFIC OF BUSINIIBSE ON HAND 10 SLIT ALL CLASSES OF BUYERS.

ARTICLIiS OF ASSOCIATION.

EXPORTS AND BALANCR-SHEXTS, BEWSEY-ST., WARRINGTON.

PAUTION.—Don't waste old cl,th ; Our rug-making IJ,„ Machine brings pleas ire and profit ; with firdsnctiona, post free, Is. 2d.—C. WOOD, 12, Vamber rd., Plurneteael.

I (IHINA MARKET SIWONDS,—Cheap Bowls.P lates,Cups, k.) Saucers, Jugs, , all in gold decoratiens, Is. Id. per dozen. in 20. 60. 120 dozen lots. Shop beginner's market large bulk crates. containing dinner, tea. toilet, general assorted crockery, great variety, £6 6s. with free twat ; hawkers large cheap crate containing about 1,000 articles, 421; 6d. Write for free lists, cheapest in the trade. —ARTHUR J. MILL, Dlormacot Works, Yormacot rd., Longton, Staffs

BHIDGR FOOL—Shop To be Let, with Cottage behind, imitable for any trade.—Apply Jaw LUNT, Bridge foot. Warrington.

TO LET, good HOUSW. in Derby-street, rent 4s. Eld. will _.l be cleaned for good tenant.—flipply Woos & Box, bolicitors,Warrington.

ITO LET GOCD HOUSE, Parker street, rent 355. month _l. clear, will he cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS et SON, Solicitors, Warrington.

DWULLING-HOUSIL—W BI LBT, With Immediate posaessloo, the eornreodlona Dweifing-house, No. 21, Stinley at.. containing three entertaining room', kitchen, scullery, pintry. ten bedroonn3, bathroom, lavatory, we., arge garden.

DWELUNG-ROUSB.—TO BI LBT, with immediate possession, lio. 19„ btanley st., containing two enter- taining rooms, kitchen, scullery and pantry ; he bedrooms Nthroom ; outside washhouse ; rent £25 ; there ls an access to both houses from bt. lane.—apply J. and W: DUTTON. bankey it., Warrington.

AUCTIONHBR, Surveyor, and Veluer,—To Solicitors, Mortgages, Rxecutors, Bm. ; valuations for mortgages, probate in any part of London or country, realisation of estates ; prompt settlements ; bankers and other references ; enormous clientele ; expert advica on all matters ; moderate cbarges,--IDELLRLEB MUSICK= Auctioneer, New Soutlagate,N.

In a book just published IN THE CHINESE containing short character COMPOUNDS. sketches of members of the

House cf Lords, it is remarked of the ARCHBISHOP OF CANTERBURY that "He has also felt it his duty to show that he is not led away by the outcry against Chinese slavery, but then," it is added, "Dr. DAVIDSON is a great believer in facts." The author of these words chose an unfortunate moment for despatch- ing them to the printer. The facts have come upon us and the ARCHBISHOP OF CANTERBURY in a flood, so much of a flood, indeed, that they have had to be dammed up. The main body of the evidence presented at the inquiry held by Mr. CONSUL BUCKNILE is not to he published, it is being privately whispered among members of Parliament, the sad truth being that it will not bear publication, that it is revolting, ghastly, unspeakable. Yet it is evidence at which few persons in their senses can honestly affect to be surprised. Just that has occurred which was absolutely certain to occur. The circumstances of life in the Chinese compounds are not such as can ,be hinted at. They were clearly foreseen, never- theless. The late Government was warned, South Africa was warned, the country was warned. It was only those who deliberately closed their eyes to facts, who gave their consent to this dreadful, soul-debasing experiment with Chinese labour in the South African mines.

The ARCHBISHOP OF.CANTERBURY had a magnifi- cent opportunity. His great position gave him the power to stay the hand of the late Government at the deciding moment. The Chinese Ordinance would not have been signed if Dr. DAVIDSON, instead of describing the importation of the Chinese as "a regrettable necessity," had said what he must surely have felt—that the intended experiment was opposed to civilisation, religion, and morality. We will not, however, speak further of the ARCHBISHOP OF CANTERBURY'S share in the dreadful business. His own mind will now, no doubt, be full enough of reproaches. Indeed we envy none of those who, in a passion to repair the damages of tile 'South African War, forgot the history and the traditions of our country with regard to free- dom; forgot too our mission in the fore- front of civilised nations,consented to all that was asked for, and defended all that was done by the unspeakable speculators of the Rand. It is to be said for the ARCHBISHOP Of CANTERBURY that be made certain conditions which he understood were to be kept. They were not kept. None of the conditions made by the Randlords have ever been kept. They imported into South Africa vast hordes of celibate Chinamen. Contrary to promise, they recruited many of them tfroin the prisons. Again, contrary to promise, they slipped through their liability to pay £30,000,000 as part of the cost of the war, and they have evaded the con- dition that Chinamen should be employed only on unskilled labour.

In an answer made ,in the House of Commons the other day to an indiscreet question put by Sir GILBERT PARKER, the Under-Secretary for the Colonies showed that whilst the Chinese employed in the mines had increased in number by 3,598 during six months, the whites employed had decreased by 1,000 during the same period. What MT. LYTTLETON assured the House of Commons was that the employment of Chinese would lead to a much greater employment of whites. He seems to have said anything that the Randlords told him to say. He said over and over again that the Chinese would not be employed on skilled labour, yet that they are being so employed is proved not only by direct statements to that effect, but by the fact that the whites, wtho were all skilled labourers, are being discharged from the mines. Meantime it comes out that Lord SELBORNE, the High Commissioner, has been most indiscreetly interfering in politics on behalf of Sir PERCY FITZPATRICK, whose book, "The Transvaal from Within," was one of the main , incitements to the war, and who is one of the j most infatuated of the defenders of the Chinese "experiment." There can be no doubt that Lord SELBORNE ought to be brought home with the least possible delay. His policy is not that of the Government or of the English people, and after the revelations oow made the people will not put up with further nonsense, the purpose of which is to make permanent the present infamous condition of things on the Rand.

Our congratulations are THE MAYORALTY. cordially extended to Mr. . .

Alderman Smethurst, the new Mayor of Warrington. Alderman Pierpoint having declined the honour, the nest man with a strong title to the position was certainly Alder- man Smethurst. Probably no member of the Council has been so painstaking in his attendance to public duties as the genial chairman of the Elec- tricity and Tramways Committee, and in his new and wider sphere of activity he can be relied upon to show the same diligence in tha public interest Alderman Smethurst has donned the Mayoral habiliments at a time when, perhaps, a stronger man would have been desirable, but we believe he will endeavour to make up for any deficiencies of temperament by a firm resolve to show absolute impartiality. He only needs the cordial and con- siderate support of the members of the Council to make his year of office a source of personal pleasure and public util;ty. That support, we hope, will always be forthcoming.

In another column we pub- Mn. C. E. PARKER lish a long letter from Mr. AND THE C. E. Parker, the President ELECTIONS, of the Liberal Association, _ . . . .

in the course of which he takes a survey of the municipal elections, and particularly the one in L Atchford Ward. Mr. Parker is showing his interest in the elections rather late in the day, and we cannot congratu- late him on the view he takes of the issue in Latchford. We should have thought that a man of Mr. Parker's attainments and standing in the town would have risen above the rather elementary idea that because a Councillor aceepts the duties of Mayor's Auditor he should be paid for his services. The whole principle, of the Non- Trading agitation is that no man shall profit by or receive payment for any services rendered in his Icapacity as a member of the Corporation. Mr. , Parker expresses a desire "to help to restore muni- cipal peace, allay hitter feelings, and heal the dissensions which have been made lay this unhappy controversy." Then he candidly endorses "the view of the Conservative Chairman in expressing. opposition to immoral trading," hut adds that there is a diversity of opinion in defining what immoral trading is. We regret that we must regard Mr. Parker as being both illogical and ieconsidtent. The best way to "restore muni- cipal peace" is not to attempt to upset the generally accepted Non-Trading prin• ciple. This principle is seriously challenged by the conduct of a Mayor's auditor who enters the Council to serve the ratepayers, and accepts £3O of public money for public service under a provision the legality of which is widely 'questioned but the impropriety of which is undoubted. Yet our correspondent upholds the Mayor's auditor in his acceptance of a payment from the rates. Perhaps we can convince Mr. Parker of the questionableness of the code of public morals he supports by an illustration. Suppose the fee for the Mayor's auditor was £3OO instead of £3O. Would it not then be perfectly reasonable to suggest that the man who accepted the office had an ulterior motive in entering the Council ? Perhaps we should not impute motives, but the fact remains that there would be considerable competition for the post if it had an emolument attached to it which repre- sented a comfortable income. No man of honour would allow himself to be placed in such a position. Whether £3O or £3OO the morality of the question, and its gravity from the point of view of the muM- cipal purist, remain the same. Mr. Parker knows as well as anyone that "no man can serve two masters" and how he can conceive that a Town Councillor with any pretensions to consistency may faithfullyeserve the ratepayers with one hand and pocket £3O of their monies with the other, passes our comprehension. The moral aspect of the situation is, in our view, clear as daylight and incapable of two interpretations. In another part of his letter Mr. Parker makes some animadversions on "the local Liberal ' paper " and at the same time seriously misinter- prets its views. We never suggested,as Mr. Parker says we did, that Liberals should "follow their leanings in Imperial politics in an election in which a candidate, who happens to be a Liberal, expressly states that he is not fighting on political grounds, but for a policy with which they do not agree." Our criticisms, last week, were plainly directed against the Liberal Ward Committee for doing what, as a party organisation, it had no right to, viz., to pass a resolution in favour of the official Tory nominee. With the members of this Committee it was not a question of politics, the payment of an elective auditor, or anything so legitimate, but one of personality pure and simple. They were determined to prevent Mr. Dodds entering the Council, and they sacrificed their principles to secure an unworthy end. This is the conduct about which we expressed our "abhorrence." Mr. Parker is perhaps not acquainted with the wheels within wheels in this election. Until he is, he should refrain from pass- ing any hasty judgment. We would rather see the electors voting for the best man in municipal elections, independently of party political con- siderations. Mr. Parker says he would have voted for Mr. Wilson. Would he have been supporting the best man, or would he have been setting back the cause of municipal purity for which he pro- fesses some concern ? This is a question we suggest for Mr. Parker's rcaturer consideration.

The Town Council was WORK DONE supposed to have completed AND UNDONE. at Tuesday's caucus -meet- ing all the routine work requiring confirmation yesterday, but a good deal of it required doing over again arid in a differsnt way altogether. Some members confessed to having changed their views in the interval between Tuesday and Friday, while many others had apparently done the same thing, but did not like acknowledging it. The Standing Orders were carefully revised at the caucus meeting and several important changes agreed upon. Yesterday they were re-revised and in some cases altered back again. Standing Order 30, as printed, stipulated that "not more than three Aldermen shall be elected on any Committee." The Alder- men were, naturally, indignant and succeeded in ; getting the order withdrawn. Whatever the ' tendency of the times may be, Aldermen are still Aldermen, and until they are abolished by statute they are entitled to be considered as men of experience and sagacity beyond that of the common Councillor. To endeavour to limit their usefulness was an unkind slap at their office, which we do not think the ratepayers would approve of. In the appointment .of C3mmittees the harshly-treated Aldermen were, in a largo measure, restored to office--which was the only just and politic course open to the Council.

There is one new stand- MURDERING THE ing order (No. 10) which is MINUTES. of quite a revolutionary

character, and yet little attention was drawn to it. This order refors to the vexed question of the minutes of Committees of the Council, which has been settled and unsettled time and agaio. Not long ago it was decided—unwisely we think—to print citl the minutes on the agenda paper and send them to the press. If there was anything which it would not do to puhlish, the Chairman of each Com- mittee was supposed to indicate the particular item with a" star "end leave all to the discretion of the newspapers. There has only been one trial of this method, and the consequence was the appearance on the minutes of items much more insignificant than the "parish pump." Now, by the new standing order, all the minutes are to be printed, hut kept rigorously from the press, and of course, the public, We should say that the latest edict will last about one month before being replaced by some provision of a saner nature. Toe press has only to retaliite by declining to report the meet jogs of the Council for the latter to see the error of its tortuous ways with remarkably clear vision. Standing order 10 means secrecy with a vengeancEN and the experience of the past few years does not lead us to think that the public will tolerate such a condition of things for more than the period necessary in which to get the or der repealed.

In a current issue the TETE "SPEAKER " AND " Speaker " rather roughly NATIONAL SERVICE. handles the National Ser-

vice question in response to a letter from a well-known Warrington Leaguer. The famous weekly says editorially: " We have never been inclined to agree with . those Liberals who pooh-pooh tbe conscriptionist agitation. It is a thing, in our opinion, which ought to be strenuously combated. Lord Roberts and his friends have captured the headmasters of the public schools, numbers of University dons, and plenty of influential people in the War Office. With the I exception of the "Tribune," all the penny morn- ing papers of London are advocates of compulsory service, and on Thursday the " Tunes," whicth three or four years ago was arguing for reducing the army estimates to about twenty millions, of course without conscription, finds itself thrown back upon the view so ably advocated by Lord R )herts, that if ws want real security at a reduced exper.diture we must make national defence the legal duty of every able bodied citizen. We print in our correspondence columns a letter from a Warrington manufacturer who worships at the German shrine, and doubtless looks forward to the day when the Mayor of War- rington will reproduce the glorious example of the Burgomaster of Kopenick. But,seriously is it not time that this House of Commons should pass a very strong resolution condemning Lord Roberts's. propaganda? A day spent in carrying such, a motion by a majority of, say, ton to one, would certainly not be wasted, and it would have the additional advantage of forcing Mr. Balfour to give the country another proof of his political embarrassment."

The modern taste for a THE ARISTOCRATIC smattering of education and "OUT-op-WORK," a black coat does not lead" to much prosperity. It is easy to be nothing in particular when the profes- sion is not overcrowded. But nowadays the tendency is for a certain class of parents to bring up their sons with tine ideas, genteel airs, a smattering of the dead languages, a nodding acquainance with the living, and an uncertain knowledge of shorthand—the last as a concession to the vulgar demand for at least one useful accomplishment. When these young gentlemen leave school they look around with a vague idea of "getting something." They think they will write for the papets, but soon find that the papers do not require them. Then they turn to the chance of getting a secretaryship, life with an independent gentleman, who prohably owns a motor-car and a yacht, and allows the secretary to use his box at the Opera, having decided attractions. One such independent gentle- man advertised in a London paper the other day for a secretary. Two days after he put in another advertisement, asking that no further applications for the situation should be sent, because the letters in reply to the first advertisement had been so numerous that they could not all be opened! Here is a social problem: What shall we do with our genteel unemployed? How much better it would be if the elucatiorr upon which the parents of these young men had spent money had been dieected to giving them a definite and useful career. The thing of the future for evety young man, rich or poor, is a trade or profession. PaWio schools are largely to blame for encouraging the neglect of professional and technical training.

FURS. 'AT HODGKINSON LTO.' ARE StIEWING • 111/14NIFICHNT 11/IN4It OM

S RIONABLE FURS, AND INVITH CO APARISON OF PRICH AND QUALITY. Itlkr• HO DOKINSON, LI M ITE D. BRIDGE PIRET. WARRING-TO g.

NOTES AND NOTIONS.

A .oanteisit ieNiVlsohrt 0:1 Inilgoduf lki Iceeesc t at ot hweoi f fst ere irhtee oabidiar. tnr ea: is a ayli no wgr eti hth aiaetv er aemdc ova * * * Combines and amalgamations are in the air. pis reported that Messrs. Peter Walker and Sons Limited, , have joined hands with Yates's of Ilanchesker. wonder if the price of beer will go up ? Personally we are indifferent, but we are keeping a sharp eye on soap. * * * The Leeds Corporation, which issued placards against the use of alcoholic liquors, has given way before the licensed victuallers, who objected to this action and decided to test the legality of the payment of £l4 in printing and posting the bills. The Sani- tary- Committee has now decided not to contest the legality of the expenditure, and the VA- has been refunded to the ratepayers by private individuals. * * *

Two very amusing errors are to be found on the public notice in front of the Town Hall declaring the results of the November elections, and both errors are made by Tory Aldermen whose names have been mentioned in connection with the Mayoralty. They must have been suffering from electoral fever on the night of November Ist., or surely one would never have written " one sploit paper," and the other "two spoilt pappers." * *

How near cleanliness is to Godliness is not always realised. According to Mr. A. H. Crosfiell M.P., soap and civilization go hand in I,,hand, until the con- sumption of soap almost amount ls to an index of the progress of civilization. Missionaries ought to be armed with a cake of soap—Perfection of course— as well as the Bible when endeavouring to dissipate the abysmal ignorance of the heathen. By removing dirt they would doubtless get nearer the spirit. * * *

The Rev. John Yonge's thirtieth anniversary at Wycliffe Congregational Church was quietly but fittingly celebrated on Sunday. Mr. Yonge conducted the services at his church and there were very large congregations which included many well-wishers from other churches in the town.Durina the day Mr.and Mrs. Y onge were the recipients of a handsome silver rose- bowl from the ladies of the church. We join them in wishino• Mr. and Mrs. Yoncre continued health and happiness in their association with Wycliffe Church.

* * The Rev. Arthur Mursell, who lectured at Warring- ton on Tuesday evening, is an exceptionally rapid speaker, and often astounds his audiences by his extraordinary flow of words. He never fails to appre- ciate the humorous side of things, and has a happy way of relating the varied experiences which have fallen to his lot at home and abroad. He is a veteran minister but retains surprising activity, and the lecture which he delivered on Tuesday was not the least enjoyable of several which Warrington people have had the privilege of hearing from him. o

The tree-planting question at Stockton Heath seems to have simmered down and the only thing to excite the minds of the tree-planters who met on Tuesday evening was a letter which had been sent to the Rural Council by Mr. Hough, one of the most uncom- promising opponents of the scheme. Mr. Hough wrote to remind the authority that the foggy weather was coming on and urged on behalf of the "aged, infirm, and near sighted " the removal from narrow footpaths of " those mementoes of insanity, mostly in the shape of a dead stick enclosed in a massive iron case." This is rather unkind of Mr. Hough. Did not the "dead sticks " put forth enough leaves last summer to choke the gullies ? At least the County Council says 30 ! * * *

Were I a man (says " Rita " in the " Daily Chronicle ") I would never grant the suffrage tot,„,' women until they had taken "first honours "in ths!ll following classes : Sensible dressing for the street. Economical housekeeping. Sense of motherly responsibility. Absolute temperance. No cigarette smoking. No gambling or betting. Rational scheme of education for girls einbmen-, ing usefulness, and the discarding of senseless accomplishments. Evenness of temper and the power of logical argu- ment. No hysterical fads and crazes. No senseless imitation of manly sports.

~ • , ,^ - - r`lir •

WARRINGTON.

The Late Judge Rowlands The late Judge Bowen Rowlands left estate of the gross value of ;c..:.4,118, net personality £390. Warrington Women's Liberal Association. . The members of the Warrington Women's Liberal Association will hold their annual tea in the Co-operative Hall, Cairo-street, on the 28th ins% An address will be given by Miss K. Ashworth Briggs, on Free Trade. .junior Liberal Association. An interesting programme has been arranged for the weekly meeting of the Junior Liberal Association on Monday, when the Junior Liberals will engage with the Progressive Labour League in a debate on "The status of the House of Lords." Cage Bird Show. The annual show in connection with the Warrington Itnd District Cage Bird Society was opened yesterday tiths Conservative Club Assembly Room, Sankey- Street Over 000 birds have been entered for com- petition and some first class specimens are to be seen. Fanciers will be well repaid by a visit to the show. Distribution of Blankets. The annual distribution of blankets and warm clothing in connection with the Shaw Thewlis charity teok place on Monday at the offices of the Charity Investigation Society, Lower Bank-street, Airs. Joseph Harrison (assisted by Mrs. Lewis) being in charge. Over 60 blankets and garments wers distributed among the sick and poor irrespective of age. Personal. Warrington people will be pleased to hear that an honorary canorrry of the Cathedral church of St. Peter, Liverpool, has been conferred upon ,the 'Rev. Henry Gibson Smith, M.A., Vicar of Allerton. Before ordination Mr. Smith was second master of Warrington 130teler Grammar School. His first curacy was at St. Paul's, Warrington, 1881, whence he was transferred to Childwall, 1885, to be promoted in 1891 rector of Halewood. In 1902 he was installed vicar of Allerton.

PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. , Marriage of Mr. A. B. Rathbone. An interesting wedding took place on Thursday at . :Palmer, Mass, U.S.A. the parties thereto being Mr. A. 1 13. Rathbone, third son of Mr. Andrew Rathbone, The Mount, Grappenball, and Blanche, daughter of Mr. :Elbridge Gerry Hastings of Palmer, Mass, for which Constituency Mr. Hastings was formerly elected to the House of Representatives. The good wishes of our ,readers will be extended to Mr. and Mrs. Rathbone in their new and distant home. , STRANGE 'S A.l. Crystal LAMP OIL in blirrels or drums delivered free.—Sole agent, J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge it., Warrington.—Adyt.

:Mosley Guild Social. . '. • The members of the Sankey Bridges Wesley Guild .ispent an enjoyable evening on Saturday when a social was held. The whole of the programme was undertaken ..kly the men. Songs were given by Messrs. E. Walker and B. Tonge, duets by Messrs. l. G. Rickers and C. 43owney, recitations by Messrs. A. Spruce and C, 4ones, and humorous selections by Mr. Ff. Wilkes. ~Games were indulged in whilst an amusing basket 'balancing competition, which was won by Mr. W. tForster, also served to entertain. Refreshments were Served at intervals and the proceedings concluded with , he singing of "Auld Lang Sync." ; LADIES' BEST GLIOE BOOTS AND SHOES, TJNDER THE CLOCK. BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. 'The Late Mr. P. Bate. On Monday at the Warrington Cemetery were interred the remains of Mr. Peter Bate, late of 23, *Rolleston•street, one of Warrington's oldest and most •highly esteemed Catholics. The deceased gentleman, who was in his 73rd year, passed away on Thursday morning, the Feast of All Saints. The greater portion of his life was spent as a member of St. Alban 's Church, Bewsey-street, for which mission, from almost its earliest 'days, he was one of the most enthusiastic workers. His labours were not, however, i-, confined to his own parish,but are well remembered in connection %vial the Churches of St. Mary's, Latch- ford, St. Mary's, Battermarket-street, and the Passionist r'Monastery at Sutton, near St Helens. A solemn 'Requiem Mass for the repose of his soul was sung at St. Alban's on Monday morning, the celebrant being ,the Rev. Father Whittle, '0.5.8. The music .(Gregorian) was admirably rendered by a' ' choir, lead by the Revs. Father Buggins and Ryiance, 0.5.13., assisted at thel organ by ?Mr. J. B. Caldwell. Amongst the mourners 4 —were Messrs. John, Joseph, Peter, William, Aloysius, -and Benedict (sons of the deceased), Masters Peter, , Bernard, and James (grandsons), Mr. Thomas Thamp- -son (Patricroft, cousin), the Rev. Fathers Roche and ' Marrs (St. Mary's, Latchford), Brother Henry (Sutton. Monastery), Mr. George Johnson (representing Messrs. Peter Walker and Sons, Ltd., for whom the 'deceased worked f r nearly 43 years)„, Mesdames Joseph, Peter, William and Aloysius Ba'be (daughters-in-law), Miss Mary Bate (granddaughter\ Mrs. Walter Thompson (Leyenshulnae), Messrs. John Hesketh, Robert Sutton, Joseph Poilinore and W. Scotson. The bearers were Messrs. Dilworth, Delaney, Eckersley, Lawton Owen Toole and Austin Vernon. A large number of beautiful wreaths were sent by members of the family and others of the deceased's many friends.

Conservative Ball. The first ball in aid of the funds of the Junior Con- servatives' Sick and Burial Society was held at the Conservative Club, Sankey-street, on Monday evening, and was highly successful nearly 200 couples being present. The refreshments were supplied 'by Mrs. Atkinson.

Warrington Ragged School and Mission. The fifth of a series of limelight services was given at the above place on Sunday evening. The Scrip- tural slides were lucidly explained by Mr. Marsh, who presided. An illustrated hymn was sweetly rtmlered by Miss M. A. Titchard. - -

UNDER THE CLOCK for Good BOOTS. Advt.— Parish Church Sale of Work. The Parish Church Sale of work was concluded in Fairfield schools on Saturday,ancl was visited through- out the afternoon and evening by a large number of people. The Rev. T. W. Barber presided at the open- ing ceremony which was gracefully performed by the Mayoress (Mrs. Bolton). An admirable farce was given in the evening entitled "Our paying guest," by members of the Training College staff, and was thoroughly enjoyed. The total proceeds of the three days' sale amounted to about :C!.,300. Penny Popular Concerts. A crowded audience again assembled at the Bold- Wesleyan schoolroom on Saturday evening, when an excellent programme was provided at the popular penny concert. Mr. E. Plinston (secretary), pre- sided. Songs were gives by Misses B. Eckersley and Hayes, and Messrs. Greenough and D. Gittnes. Mr. Whittaker evoked load applause for several well rendered concertina solos. The humorist was Mr. 'lsherwood, who met with success in sketches, and was encored several times. Mr. T. Brough acted as accompanist.

TABLE, FLOOR, AND HANGING L Amrs in large variety. Latest patterns.—J. S. GARLAND, Iron- monger, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt. Warrington Draughts League. An exhibition of simultaneous draughts-playing was given by Mr. Frank Dunne, the Warrington "International " on Thursday evening, in the Golborne-street (Baptists) Clubroom, in aid of the Warrington League funds. A team of twenty, includ- ing with but few exceptions all the strongest players of the League, was opposed to the expert, and some fine play was shown, Mr. Dunne remark- ing that there was a vast difference in the calibre of his present opponents, and those he used to "walk round" some ten or twelve years ago. The contest occupied a little over two hours, the score at the conclusion being : —Dunne won, 18 ; lost, 1 ; drawn, 4 ; total 23 games. The win was scored by Mr. W. Tomkinson, and the draws by F. Kenny, J. Rowe, J. Hamblett and E. J. Powell. .

Wool) CHIMNEY PIECES, Fire Grates and Tam unrivalled selection, inspection invited.—J. S, GARLAND, Builders' Ironmonger, &c., 51 to 55, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt. Alterations to Licensed Premises. _

At the Warrington Police Court on Monday Mr. Browne applied for permission to make certain alterations at several licenced houses. At the Patten Arms Hotel it was proposed to build a larger and better equipped lavatory, Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, and Co., who only came into possession on October 26th, being desirous of putting the place in, a thoroughly sanitary state at once. They also proposed to make further sanitary arrangements in the yard. In regard to the Glass Maker's Arms, it was proposed to make the sanitary and domestic arrangements complete. They wished to erect a new scullery, to improve the yard, &c., and to make matters safer for persons serving behind the counter. The Chairman : Is there any sign of the houses being wanted for street improve- ment? Mr. Browne did not think so, remarking that they intended to make a straight line. With reference to the King's Arms Inn, Mr. Browne applied for the committee's sanction to certain sanitary and domestic alterations, and added that the drinking area would not be increased in any way. The coin- mitten retired to consider the application, and on their return, the Chairman said the three plans were accepted, on the undertaking being given that no future application would be made to increase the present drinking area, and that the altertions now proposed were only to meet domestic and sanitary purposes. Mr. Browne gave the required undertaking. " HERALD " KETCTIF,N RANGES and " Peveril " Fire Grates are hard to best.—Sole agent, J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge it., Warrington.—Advt. Police Court and Prison Gate Mission. • •

The following are the principal items in the work of the Police Court and Prison Gate Mission of the Liverpool Diocesan Church of England Temperance Society for October. The Mission Room near Walton Prison has been open every morning at the time of the discharge of prisoners, and an aggregate of 714 persons have availed themselves of the missionaries' offer of breakfast, advice and other assistance. At the police courts 247 visits have been made, and 1387 persons have been spoken to in the courts and cells, of whom 515 have been subsequently visited in their abodes. 51 women, girls and boys have been takeic to homes, sent back to friends, or provided with work. 33 tickets for work have been given for the Society's Firewood and Mat Factory, Bootle. Articles of clothing have been provided in 42 instances to enable the recipients to obtain work. 228 letters have been I written in the efforts to rescue and reclaim persons. j 282 men, women and young people have come from the police courts and prisons to the Head Offices to be assisted in various ways.. The magistrates have had the help of the missionaries in 110 instances, and the court officials and the police in 98 instances, 206 pledges have been administered, and 54 meetings ddressed.

Shorthand Writers' Association. The large attendances at the meeetings of this Association which prevailed at the commencement of the season's work are still being maintained, the gathering at the Winmarleigh Cafe on Wednesday night being no exception. After speed practice, which is an important feature of the Association's work, the Hon. Secretary (Mr. Joseph Marsh) gave a short, but instructive lecture on a phonographic principle. The latter portion of the evening was occupied by the reading by Mr. H. A. Webb of an entertaining paper entitled " My Career as influenced by Shorthand." The speaker narrated in a most interesting and racy style the experiences grave and gay—of his somewhat eventful life; his remarks being listened to witll great attention. The gist of Mr. Webb's autobiograp y proved to be a very strong argument against the al ost threadbare ques- tion as to whether or not a knowledge of shorthand hinders a clerk from getting on in mercantile life. In his case such a knowledge had been of the greatest assistance in many ways, but especially so in regard to the obtaining by him of better appointmfmts in the commercial world. To him Pitman's Phonography had been a veritable "stepping stone to higher things." Several of the members favourably commented upon the paper, and the meeting terminated with the customary vote of thanks. PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASIIIRE.—Advt. Shunting Fatality at Warrington. 1 Mr. Brighouse held an inquest at Warrington on Tuesday, touching the death of Samuel Rowland Barrow (41), a porter employed by the London and North-Western Railway Company, and who resided at 7, Sandhill-terrace, Wash-lane, Latchford. Mr. Steel watched the interests of Joseph Pennington, engine driver, and William Fairclough, the signal- man ; while Mr. Browne represented the widow. The , Coroner stated that on Thursday at about one o'clock Barrow was engaged in shunting operations at Bank Quay Station. He was instructed to detach a brake van from some coaches. He got between the van and the last coach for the purpose of unscrewing the couplings, but finding he could not do it be came out and gave the driver the signal to "ease up." Barrow again went between the van and the coach to unscrew the couplings, and while dilfig this the coach struck him in the back, causing him to fall on the rail and three of the coaches passed over him, injuring his arm badly.—Dr. Ilodgkinson, senior house surgeon at the Infirmary, said Barrow was suffering from fatty disease of the heart. Death was due to shock caused by the laceration of the arm muscles and contusion of the chest. Joseph Pennington, the engine driver in question, detailed the facts connected with the shunting opera- tions, and said Barrow gave him the signal to set back." As soon as witness started the train he missed Barrow and immediately stopped. He got down from his engine and remained by the deceased until the ambulance arrived. A verdict of "Accidental death " was returned, and the driver was exonerated from all blame.

da..——.41,....*••

TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY Take Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. All Chemists refund the money if It fails. E. W. Grove's name on each box. is. lid

::.-7.,....;',':,:ii'1'::''....4,'" ..:-.)'.,,,1,4.:,.:!..:::::,.;.,,,.i,-,-,:,

===== 0002601_19061110_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ihr; e

===== 0002601_19061110_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NW k ,

===== 0002601_19061110_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
intstellantous, en sinifts, ttr.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
ZO be ?It.

TO LET 17, FOLLY LANE.—Apply WOODS At SON .1 Solicitors, lloreemarket Street, Warrington.

TO LET, Seven-roomnd liousn, suitable for Business, in _L Newmarket.—Apply L, J. (MBJRN, Newmarket.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
&ale bp fluttiotbs.

BY MR. JOHN MAGINIV.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
iooutO anti Eanb on 'ate.

WARRINGTON.—Excellent COTTAGE PROPERTY at Latchford; aboot £5OO required.—Particulare from W. T. RYAN, aceountant, 33. Mosley at., Manchester.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
&Manta

22 WERKLY honestly earned. Send 3s. [Dr butfit.— HUBBARD, LRMptOll. Hounslow.

DROFITABLE Puirllghtee Tea Agency.— Write term. Mr. ALDERSON, 93. Leather lane, London, B.C.

WHIT for particulars how to increase your Business.— W. GEATER, 13. Montgomery Ilt., Bdinburgh.

AGENrs sell patented Slaorreards.—Address JOSEPASON 231, seven Sisters rd., London. sample free.

lio2 TO RE Ka PR WANT to write us for wholesale list Bird Seeds.—EDWARES, Paradise it., Lambeth.

WANTRD, to purchase small COUNTRY ROUSH, or Cottage —4, BULLER RD , Longsight, Manchester.

LADY Wishes to give Permanent Home to a Girl, over 13 preferred.-6i rs. BUIISTEAD, liambletm, Preaton.

WAINITHD, eituation as Junior BoAing Cleric, age 20. Full particulars and references,—X. L., 1 Liverpool rd., Canning Town, London E.

rIIRANSLATIONS & TYPHWRITINCI ; highly recom- -1 mended ; moderate terrne.—EXPERT, 225, Littleton at., Wandsworth, London. Stamp,

_ a retx 131 rrli e n fore esdt, 0 pF IMIL B references OlilF BB tOaTt ! O salaryN lt • W A /7.013.Dm, Apply 57, iNINWICX 6T., Warrington.

ik GENTS Wanted ro sell Knitted Goods of all description /1. Exceptional terms.—address M., Box 3946, basasow. & THATCHER, Holborn Place, London, W.O.

OTOR DRIVING TAUGHT.—FIneet and moat moder- 1. ate Eohool In London. Send for Proepeetta.--linazoN SCROOL Or MOTORING, 308, Ruston rd., London.

L r WIIRKLY easily earned at borne by *Aber seX, expert- J./0 ence unnecessary ; sand stamped envelope for pArtieulars.—Duxcatt, 16 Pentregulnea rd., Swansea.

LOUAL SHOttICIAttY Wanted by a Progressive Live Stock and General Insurance Co,. salary, commission, and permanency ; must invest CO at 7k per cent interest.— Apply Mitqlnitn. Midgate Chambers, Peterriorough.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
The mother-in-law has !ong been a butt for public • jocularity and sarcasm, but at last we have heard of one who "got even " with her tormentor. In a news- paper published in Neustadt, in Sasony, an advertise- ment recently ran : "FO7 disposal.—A mother-in-law ! She has an infernal temper and a wart on her nose, but has considerable means. Shall be happy to pave the way for anyone who will come forward with a real view to marriage." In a couple of days appeared the reply "I am much obliged for the attempt to get me re-married, but unless I can get a husband who, unlike my son-in-law, is not a pitiful lying impostor, who would sell his soul for drink, I prefer to remain as I am." •

When is a dog not a dog? was the question raised during the hearing of a summons at Lambeth last week. Mr. F. W. Tonkin, in defending a man sum- mondecl for allowing a dog to be at large unmuzzled submitted that in the eves of the law a dog is not a dog until it is six months old. "Then what is it ?" queried the magistrate. Mr. Tonkin : It is an embryotic specimen of the canine race. Mr. Hopkins.: " Embryotic specimen of the canine race" sounds rather like a dog. Hr. Tonkin : It is no mora a dog than a egg is a bird or spawn roe a fish. In order that proof might be given as to the (late of the dog's birth, Mr. Hopkins adjourned the hearing.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, November 10, 1906.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

i . '• Under the auspices of the Runcorn Breach of the I A somewhat extraordinary accident happened in ,Services for Sunday. , Duke-street, St. Helens, on Saturday afternoon, when a British Women's Temperance Association a three !horse jumped into the window ox Mr. SPLacklan's pro- Oh Sunday morning the Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) days' temperance mission was opmed in Bethesda vision shop. The horse was drawing a lurry belonging and Corporation will make an official visit to St. Paul's Lecture Hall on Monday evening. Mrs. Jennie , Church. The collection will be in aid of the Infirmary Walkes, of London, was the singer and speaker. to Mr. Robert Green, of Alder-lane Crank. The driver Extension fund. She again took nart on had fastened the reins to one side of the lurry, and this Tuesday night and The foreign mission anniversary in connection with Wednesday night, while on Wednesday afternoon there caused the horse to take fright when going down Wycliffe Congregational Church will, be held on Sunday. was a special meeting for women. The mission has been Chorley-street, with the result that it reared up and put The preacher will be the Rev. Thomas Biggin, M.A. highly successfully, its head and feet through the window, doing about £lO from Pekin. In the afternoon Mr. Biggin will address DEATH OF MR. VAR WOOD. worth of damage. the Sunday school scholars. INTERESTING ST. HELENS MARRIAGE. 1 The death took place on Saturday, after a painfully sudden illness, of Mr. Walter Henry Okell Yarwood, Christ Church, Eccleston, was on Wednesday the scene , Bold-street Wesleyan Church: Preachers, 10.30, Rev. S. Pitt. 6.30, Rev. J. Manning. of a quiet but interestin,, marriage, when the bride was Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church : Preachers, 10.30 carriage proprietor, Bez Cottage, Albert-street, Riincorn. Mr. James Green, Only son of Mr. R. G. Moss ; 6.30 Rev. S. Pitt. At the evening, The considerabledeceasectl i mgee,nbtluetmwaans takenia. d Miss Pattie Baxter, of North-road, and the bridegroom , service Miss Leicester will sing "0 Divine Redeemer.' • Alderman John Green f R 1 ded 3 • night. He was a native o Runcorn, and succea J. P., seriously ailing ill for Friday so e P., of West Park House. The ceremony was per- Golhorne-street Baptist Church : Preacher, 10.30 , his father in business. Unlike his father, he took no formed bR S C I • E and 6.30 Rev. R. B. Hoyle, Burnley. iy the Rev. D. S. Clarke, li .A., vicar of ccles- ive art in public affairs, • and had few interests out- Latchford Baptist Church : Preacher, Rev. J. P. ton The bride wore a dressof cream cloth with am , active .p __ . ... , . • . e, i cream side his busness. Ile was 40 years of age. fie leeves a hat trimmed with sable and her sister, Miss Cissia Matthews. Subjects, 10.30 "The serenity of infinite widow cud one child. The funeral took place at Bax,ter, ' bridesmaid,' ' love" ; 6.0" Fundamental Christianity : What is it? " , who was the was attired in a Runcorn Cemetery on Tuesday afternoon. costume of pale blue. Mr. Percy Hodgson, of Liver- Mr. Densham, Orford, will preside over an open , rceeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society on Sunday WIDNES STREET MEETINGS. pool, the bride's cousin, gave her away, and the grooms- afternoon. An address will be delivered by Mr. John ?MORE SALVATIONISTS GO TO GOAL. , man was Mr. W. Tickle, of Glasgow. Among the presents was a handsome case of fish carvers from the Walley (Manchester),and Mr. Rutter will give several At 7.43 a.ra. on Tuesday, from Widne3, Ensign employees ' cornet solos. Catherine Martin and Miss Rose Lazelle, two local of Sies3rs. John Green and Son. The honey- moon is being spent in London and the South of Salvationists, departed by train from Widnes en route England. -g for Walton Gaol to serve three weeks' imprisonment for ; ' obstructing the free passage of Victoria-square by their "LIKE A SHAMBLES." services on Saturday evening. The morning was very STRANGE SCENE AT A ST. HELENS HOUSE. foggy, but nevertheless there was a good crowd of At St. Helens, on Monday, Joseph Greenhalgh, sympathisers to see them off, and when the train Puffed ' labourer, was remanded for a week charged with out of the station, they were lustily cheered. It is having unlawfully stabbed his wife on Saturday stated that the Salvationists are determined to carry out night.—Chief Inspector Goodall, according to the their programme each Saturday evening at the pro- Chief Constable, on going to the house found the hibited spot, and on Saturday night last eleven names woman lying on the sofa saturated with blood, and were taken. To obviate the necessity of the Widnes suffering from two dangerous wounds on the lower part Salvationists being the only sufferers, comrades from of her body. There were two men stripped naked to other centres flock into the town to share the burden of , the waist, fighting. There were also about thirty women being brought before the bench and fined. lin the house urging them on. The place was like a RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL. shambles, and they were just like lions fighting. THE CARNEGIE LIBRARY. ! TRADERS AND FIREWORK LICENCES, l At the monthly meeting on Wednesday, Mr. D. , Seven St. Helens shopkeepers were summoned at St. Bisbrown, presiding, the Medical Officer reported that Helens on Monday for selling and keeping fireworks on during October there were twenty-four deaths, as com- , their premises without being registered. In one case it pared with twenty in the corresponding month last was shown that in 1905 a defendant took out his licence year. There were forty-four births, the same number when his previous licence really did not expire till the as in October, 1905. i 4th of November, and Mr. E. W. Swift argued that the The Finance Committee recommended that the Chair- , police authorities ought to have post-dated the licence man of the Council (Air. Bisbrown) be invited to per- to make it correspond with the date on which the form the opening ceremony of the new free library, , licence was taken out in the previous year. The trades built by a gift of £3,000 from Sir. Carnegie, on Saturday, people, he said, had taken out licences regularly for December Ist. years, and till this year they never even got a receipt Mr. Taylor said at the committee meeting Mr. Imison for the shilling they had to pay as a registration fee. had Spoken strongly against a public ceremony, because It was the most miserable, paltry prosecution that one he had heard that some workmen would make a strong could imagine. The Chairman said that some of the protest, and others had declared that they would never defendants admitted negligence, brit as there was enter the building. He did not believe the working probably room for some uncertainty as to when the men of Runcorn would cut off their noses to spite their , licences expired, the defendants would simply be faces. The occasion of the opening should have been a ordered to pay ss. eid. costs. general holiday, and some great educationists invited ; NEW MAYOR OF ST. HELENS. to perform the opening ceremony. t Mr. imison charged Mr. Taylor with giving a garbled , A special meeting of the members of St. Helens Town Council as held ' Monday select Mayor for the on. to a. account of what took place at the committee. lie had w ensuing year. Mr. Martin (Mayor) presided, and a merely repeated a rumour that there were men who re uisision was resented to Colonel Richard Pilking- did not look with favour upon the method bv which the ton. C.B , asking him to accept the office. Colonel money had been made which enabled Mr. Carnegie to , ~ Pileingto'n said ghe knew there w great were a many make his great gifts. inducements to him to take the mayoral chair. He had The minute was passed, and the Chairman thanked bthirty-four •Council, d h ; been years in the an e must the members for the honour paid to him. • • , remind the members that he had been mayor four times. The Local Government Board sanctioned the borrow- , His work in connection with the glass works and with ing of £6,147 for thirty years for the purchase of water 'other industrial concerns in the district had increased mains, &c., from the Kastner-Kellner Alkali Company, very andregretfully much, an e declined the .honour Limited, which the Council had offered him. Alderman Forster I then suggested to the Council that Alherman C. J. Bishop should be selected for the position. Mr. Bishop ! would make a first-class mayor. He had been in the council for -twenty-five years, and during j his mayoralty fifteen years ago he filled the ;office with the greatest acceptance to all concerned. ' He was perfectly familiar with every department of the council's work, and they would be very glad to see Sir. and Mrs. Bishop again as the mayor and mayoress. Alderman Green seconded the proposal, which was sup- ported by Mr. Dixon-Nuttall. Alderman Bishop said he came there that morning merely to support the requisition to Colonel Pilkington. He had during the past twenty-five years taken some small part in the improvements that had been carried out in the municipal government of the town. He was touched by the refer- ence to his previous mayoralty, and with the kindly references to Mrs. Bishop. He would, under all the circumstances, accept the office, and hoped to have the support of the whole of the members of the Council (Applause.) At the Council meeting at noon on Friday Alderman Bishop was formally elected to the office.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
TREE PLANTING AT STOCKTON HEATH.

Action of the District Council.

The inhabitants of Stockton Heath are getting some- what weary of the constant bickering over the question of the planting of trees in the district, with the result that there was only a small attendance at the adjourned annual meeting of the Tree Planting Committee on Tuesday. Mr. Plinston presided. The Chairman pointed out that the Stockton Heath Parish Council had asked the permission of the Rural Council to appoint three gentlemen to meet the three appointed by the Council so that they could consult together about tree planting. The Garden Society had had no written communication from the District Council, but he (the Chairman) had seen Mr. Pilling, who told him that there would be no opposition. Mr. Pilling also added that he did not think there would be any necessity to take up any trees whatever. (Applause) Mr. H. Hallard : The result is that the opposition is practically withdrawn ' • but there are mutual com- mittees appointed for the future and not for the past. , The Chairman : Yes, for the future. Mr.O. Brown called tbe attention of the meeting to a letter from Mr. William Hough of ‘Vhitefield-road, which was read at a meeting of the Runcorn Rural, Council last week. Mr. Hough wrote :—"May I respect-i fully remind you that we are now approaching tlie dark and foggy days of winter. On behalf of the hundreds of memorialists and more especially aged, infirm and near-sighted, that they may receive at your hands that protection necessary for their safety by removing off narrow footpaths those mementoes of insanity, tnostly in the shape of a dead stick, enclosed in a massive iron case, thus creating a glaring and dangerous nuisance to all and any of -his Majesty's loyal subjects who wish to walk along in safety without fear of accidents. There is no necessity to use any iron hand.' All that is required is a Christian feeling towards the above-named, tempered with a little discretion and common sense. I venture to say that the funds for dumping down upon the residents these unwelcome nuisances are largely from non-residents of Stockton Heath. You, gentle- men, are the the responsible party for any accidents that may occur, and it is unnecessary for me to ask that you will endeavour to protect yourselves and also the above-named, and, yours faithfully, WILLIAM Hoton.." Mr. Brown said he hoped the meeting would express a very strong disapprobation of what Mr Hough had written. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman observed that there were not more than half a dozen subscribers who were not directly ; interested in the district. After some discussion it was decided to take no further notice of the letter. The Chairman : We shall have to obtain permission to plant trees, but I don't think there will be any dull- culty now we have the six gentlemen to deal with. If the trees are taken up now they will have to be taken ,up by the District Council. The Parish Council will refuse to take them up, and it will throw the onus on the District Council.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
CHURCH CLUBS BILLIARD LEAGUE.

Trinity in their inital match in the 2nd Division of the above League met St. Pauls at Bewsey-road, and had to retire defeated by 25 points. The meeting of these two old rivals created a great deal of interest and not until the winning stroke was made did the enthusiasm of players and spectators abate any. The Trinitarians were champions of the 2nd Diviston last ! seasdn and St. Pauls were naturally elated with their 1 victory, this being the second win for them in the 1 tournament. Below are narticulars of the scores : ST. PAUL'S 2ND. TRINITY 2ND. H. Pennington E. H. Mann 2q J. J. Hesketh 75 H. Parkes 75 Jos. Harding T. Seed 75 J. W. Dyke T. Rigby J. Bartley 1

403 S7B Majority for St. Paul,s, 25 points. The following matches will' be played next Thursday November 15th on the tables of the first named club. Ist. Division. Padgate v. Trinity. St. George's v. St. Clements. 2nd Division. St. Clement's v. St. George's. Trinity v. Padgate.

Legh-street Band of Hope. The members of the above held their first concert on Tuesday night, when Mr. J. Bailey presided over a large audience. Selections were given by Miss Turner's quartette party. Miss Cruikshanks sang " Goodbye " and " The children's home " which were well received. Miss D. Turner sang " Down the vale " very effectively. Mr. H. Foster rendered a cornet solo, Miss B. Cotton played " The robin's return," while Master Bert Spruce was heard to great advantage in " A visit to London." A most success- ful evening was brought to a close by the humorous , dialogue "Lodgings to let."

===== 0002601_19061110_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

TEMPERANCE MISSION.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
ST HELENS.

ST. HEI,ENS STREET ACCIDFN r.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Methodist Free Church, Buckley-street.. ,

The anniversary services in connection with the above church were held on Sunday when the preachers was Mr. B.Richardson, of Liverpool. There were largo congrega- tions and in the evening the choir, under the leadership of Mr. N. Cook, gave an anthenineutitlecl " Daughter of Zion." Miss M. Plinston presided at the organ.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Bold-street Wesleyan Church.

Great interest was aroused by the visit to Warrington on Sunday of the Rev. T. Galland Hartley, chairman of the Liverpool District. Large congregations assembled at the Bold-street Wesleyan Church and the rev, gentle- man's addresses were listened to with marked attention. Special music was interpreted and in the morning the choir ably rendered the anthem " 0 Saviour of the world " (Goss) whilst in the evening they were success- ful in the anthem" Come unto Him " ((loaned). Confirmation Service.

One hundred and eighty-nine candidates were pre- sented at a confirmation service conducted by the Bishop of Liverpool at St. Paul's Church on Sunday afternoon. The candidates from St. Paul's numbered 52 males and 79 females, from St. Barnabas' seven males and lii females, from St. Peter's eight males and eleven female and from St. Ann's nine males and seven females. There was a large congregation. Addressing the candidates, his lordship advised them to walk by faith, and to nut God first in business, and in their amusement. God loved them to be happy and to laugh. He who made the birds to sing and the lambs to play in the meadows loved to see His creatures happy, but their amusements should be of an innocent character.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church.

At this church on Sunday morning the, Rev. John Gunnell preached from the words : " Wait on the Lord ; be of good courage, and he shall strengthen thine heart ; wait, I say, on the Lord " (Psalm xxvii., 14.) At the evening service the pulpit was occupied by the Rev. E. J. Gawne who based his discouse on the text " What wilt thou that I shall do unto thee? And he said, Lord, that I may receive my sight." (Luke xviii., 41). On Monday evening there was a devotional meeting of the Wesley Guild and Mr. Billingham gave an address on " The prayers of Christ." considerable interest centres in a debate which will take place at the Guild meeting next Monday on" The disinterested manage- ment of public houses." Mr. C. E. Parker has promised to address the meeting.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Baptist Missionary Anniversary.

The missionary anniversary services were held in the Baptist Church, Latchford, on Sunday, the preacher in the morning being Mr. Stephen Ackerley, of Latchford, and in the evening the Rev. E. C. Smyth, of China. During his addess Mr. Smyth explained that hs was in China during the Boxer rising and had to fly for his life. He also otflciaied for six months as a surgeon in the navy on the Barfleur under Admiral Sir George Bruce, by whom he was most, kindly treated. An interesting account of the work in China was given. The offertories were in aid of the Baptist Missionary Society.—At the Baptist Church Golborne-street, Mr. John Harrison, of Liverpool prbached at the morning and evening services to large congregations. In the afternoon, the annual missionary meeting was held, when Mr. 13. Few presided over a fair attendance. An address was given by the Rev. E. C. Smyth and proved interesting and instructive.

P.S.A. Meetings. There was again a fair attendance at the weekly meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A., when Mr. R. Mills pre- sided and spoke upon " The resurrection." Mr. Blane, of Carrington, took for his subject " Individuality." Unity, he said, was strength, whether political unionism or trades unionism, but to have a strong union there must be strong individuality. If young men were healthy and strong they could look forward to a strong union of forces, to fight the evil influences around them. They looked for great ideals in the leaders of men, to guide, control and influence the great army of followers. Mr. Joseph Owen took part in the meeting, and :kir. W. H. Payton presided at the organ. Two new members were welcomed, making a, total of 496. An open meeting of the Buckley-street P.S.A. was held on Sunday. Mr. Edwin Plinston presided, there being a capital attendaace of members and friends. Mr B. Richardson gave an address to the young people relating some of his experiences in the slums of Liver- pool. Miss L. Fairhurst sang two capital solos, " 0 dry those tears," and " For the children's sake," Miss M. Plinston being the accompanist. Mr. W. Shaw read the afternoon's lessons.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Paul's Church. Dedication of New Vestry.

The new vestry of St. Paul's Church was dedicated by the Bishop of Liverpool on Sunday evening. The usJal office of Evening Prayer was gone through, and after the third collect, the Bishop standing near the inside door of the vestry, offered dedicatory prayers. In the course of a short address he expressed his pleasure at the marked improvement in the appearante of the church. He should like to say as their bishop how thankful he was that the Vicar had seen his way to remain amongst them. Had he accepted the Sheffield living, not only would his departure have been a loss to the parish, but he ventured to say that it would have been a loss to the diocese. He was thankful the Vicar had seen his way to continue his work among them, and that he could still number him as among the clergy of the diocese of Liverpool. Lastly, the Bishop said he threw it out as a suggestion only that the congregation ought to have in view the need of a second curate. He knew, that at the present time it was impossible to provide the funds, but he trusted that at no distant period it would be practicable to obtain a grant from some great church society, or, perhaps, from some local society. With more than 8,000 people in the parish, half whom belonged to the Church of England, with their frequent services, and the mission church to look after, and with the Vicar as chaplain of the Workhouse justice could not possibly be done to the work with one curate only. .He knewthat such an addition to the staff would need still greater self-denial, but he believed that when the right moment came they would help the diocese and that the diocese would help them to bring about that most desirable result.

Licensing Changes. Monday was the licensing transfer day at the justices, Mr. Police Court, when the licensing Mr. John Fairclough (in the chair), Aldermen Fran- comb and Tinnion, Dr. Fox, Messrs. W. Roberts, J. W Hayward, and E. J. Guest, granted the transfers of the following licences :—Rose and Crown Inn, Bridge-street, from Mrs. M. A. Lang, to William Donworth ; Rope and Anchor Inn, Buttertnarket- street, from William Donworth, to William O'Keefe ; Cross Keys, Buttermarket-street, frOrn :I.nn Anderton, to Joseph Hughes ; Patten Arms, Parker-street, from Mrs. Kiernan, to William H. Burleigh ; off-licence, Market-place,from Richard Whitlock Rowson, deceased to Lewis Richard Rowson. Referring to the Rope ' and Anchor licence, Mr. Browne said that as the Licensing Committee were aware, the matter of that ' licence had been referred for compensation, but it was thought the house should be kept open until such time as the Revenue authorities gave their decision, which fli,ey might expect to receive axy time up to six months.

TWO NEW BISCUITS. CRAWFORD'S "SWEET CURRANT" AND

"HUNTING" (WHEATMEAL).

===== 0002601_19061110_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON

NEWTON URBAN COUNCIL.

- - The monthly meeting of the Newton-in-Makerfield t rban Council was held on Monday eveng at the Earles- own Town Hall. Mr. T. Ormand presided, and there were also present :—Dr. Patterson Messrs. W. Thomp- son, L. E. Pilkington, N. Siddeley, F. Harwood, M. Seton, T. Ritchie, E. T. Evans, J. Naylor, E. L. Bent, C. B. F. Borron, G, F. Clarke,'C. Cole (clerk), A. Bowes (surveyor), R. T. Surtees (water engineer). The Council extended their congratulations to Mr. Thompson on his restoration to health.—The Chairman congratulated Mr. Clarke upon his election to the Liverpool City Council, and said he would like to have an assurance from him that his new office would not interefere with his position on the Newton Council.—Mr. Clarke readily gave that assurance. The committee minutes were approved. The Gas Committee recommended than the application of the lamplighters for at increase in wages be refused. The Sanitary committee renewed the slaughter-house licences of Messrs. R. Jones and J. Jackson and of the Co-operative Society.— I The General Purposes Committee resolved that applica- tion be ma,de to the Lord Chancellor for the appointment of additional magistrates for this division,and that in the event of a list of names having been placed before him I for consideration the names of the following gentle- men be submitted for appointment having regard to the services rendered by them to the township : Messrs. T. Ormand, C. B: F. Borron, W. Collingwood and E. T. Evans.—lt was , decided that application be made to the Local Government Board for their sanction to the borrowing, for a term of seven years of a sum of £1,500 to defray the cost of carrying out I certain private street works. HEALTH OF THE TOWN. In his report upon the health of the town during the last quarter, Dr. Watkins states that there 145 births- -81 males and 65 females—and 58 deaths. The birth-rate was 30.49, against 23.19 in the preceding quarter, and 25.93 in the third quarter of last year. The death-rate was 12.11 ; last quarter it was 13.99, and in 1905 16.25. The deaths of children under one year of age was 23 •, between one and five, 9 ; between 5 and 15, 1 ; 15 and 25,4 ; 25 and 65, 11 ; and 65 and upwards, 10. The causes of death were :—Whooping cough, 1 ; diphtheria 1 •, diarrhma, 14 ; puarperal fever, 1 ; pulmonary and phthisis, 4 : other tubercular diseases, 4 ; cancer, 1 ; pneumonia, 4 ; alcoholism and cirrhosis, 1 ; premature birth, 3 ; diseases and accidents of parturition, 1 ; heart diseases, 7 ; accident, 1 ; other causes 15. The deaths of children, under five years of age equalled 5517 per cent of the total deaths ; under the age of one pear, 1575 per 1.000 of the births. The deaths frbm zyrnotic disease-16—were as follows :—Whooping cough, 1 ; diptheria and membranous croup, 1 ; diarrhoea (epidemic), 14. Of those deaths eleven were of children under the age of one year and four between the ages of one and five. The zymotic death-rate was 3.31. Eighteen cases of infectious disease—diptheria, nine ; erysipelas, four ; scarlet fever, four ; puerperal fever, ode—were notified, the infectious sick rate being 3275 as compared with 8.14 last quarter and 1264 in 1905. Five cases of pulmonary phthisis were notified voluntarily. The quarter had been the healthiest since he was appointed medical officer, and the township had been more free from infectious disease than it had for several years. PLAYING WITH FIRE.

CORONER BRIGHOUSE AND LEGISLATION. An inquest was held on Tuesday at Warrington, by Mr. S. Brighouse (county coroner), concerning the death of Archalaus Vincent Redhead,the three-year-old son of Mary Hannah Redhead, a widow, residing at 4, Canal- street, Earlestown.—At seven o'clock on Tuesday, October 23rd, Mrs. Redhead went to see Dr. Valentine for some medicine for her sick child. She left three of f her own children and a neighbour's child in the house. On her return she found that Vincent had been burned, and she at once called in Dr. Valentine. The follow- ing day the boy was removed to the Warrington Work- house hospital, where he succumbed to severe burns about the face and neck on Saturday. The children informed Mrs. Redhead that Vincent Ind theneighbour's child had been playing with paper at the fire, and that Vincent's clothing became ignited. There was no guard round the fire, Mrs. Redhead said, but she added that there was very little fire in the grate when she went out. She was away half an hour.—Coroner Brighouse, speaking generally with regard to deaths caused in similar circuttstances, said this was every important matter which ought to engage the attention of the Legisture. He did not want people to think that the coroners of England were asleep in j the matter. They had considered it, and were about to confer with the council of the N.S.P.C.C., so as to ' see whether some legislation could not be adopted , which would reduce the number of deaths of young children from suffocation whilst sleeping with adults, and from scalds and barns inflicted throltgh unprotected fires. Perhaps the jury would be appalled to know that in 1901, 2,200 children died from the causes mentioned. That showed an enormous increase in comparison with previous years. Life was a very precious asset to the community, and ought to be protected just as ranch as money was. With regard to Mrs. Redhead, he recollected holding an inquest on her husband, and he did not want to add to her grief. She had a large family to look after, and had one child ill, and was bound to go to the doctor. That sort of people had not all the conveniences, com- forts and money to enable them to have the protection that others enjoyed. November bad arrived, and now there was going to be a regular series of burning cases until the end 'of April, and it made him (the Coroner) quite sad and ill when he came to Warrington and other places in‘South-West Lancashire and held inquests on those poor children who were burned to death.—The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death."

===== 0002601_19061110_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
St HELENS BURNING TRAGEDY.

Mary Josephine M'Dermott, aged nine months, of 15, Bramwell-street, Sutton, St.Helens. met with a terrible death on Tuesday night. The police report that the child was left in the house by her mother, who went to a neighbouring shop to make a purchase. The child was at that playing on the hearth-rug with her little brother, and about ten minutes after the mother had left the little boy went to the shop and told her that the baby was on fire. She immediately returned, and found the child had received terrible injuries, death , ensuing an hour later.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. [CarusTrAN.—The matter mentioned in your lette is not suitable for publicltion in the press.—ED. "Et."

The New Vicar of Bray. Sir,—lt is said of a famous New York financier, that on sending forth his son into the world he summarised the paternal advice with these words : " Make money— honestly if you can—but make it." These words have been recalled to my mind by the recent municipal elections. Certain gentlemen seem to have based their actions on a somewhat similar motto "Keep out the Non-traders—honestly if you can—but keep them out."

Kfter reading certain circulars issued on the eve of the poll in Latchford Ward it would seem that the said gentlemen have had to seek refuge in the alternative, Why this deadly fear of the Non-Trading Party? Why must their leader be kept out by fair means or foul ? I congratulate the burgesses of Latchford on the adaptability of their Liberal representative. This benign old gentleman has indeed " in his time played many parts " and in comparison with him our old friend die Vicar of Bray was a paragon of consistency. We await with interest the municipal drama to be produced in Latchford next November in which the above gentleman will play " lead." What that " lead " will be is wrapt up in the mystery of he future,—Yours truly, November Bth 1903.

BILL OF THE PLAY.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
The Liberal Party and the Municipal

Elections.

Sir,--I am glad to see tha in list Saturday's "Examiner "you spoke out strongly about the conduct of certain Liberals in the municipal elections, and about the mismanagement of affairs by the party generally. Plain speaking has been wanted for a long time, and in my opinion the official ranks of the party will have to be entirely reconstituted before there is any hope of Liberalism making headway in this town of monopolies, vested interests, and petty jealousies. The policy of the Liberal party at the municipal elections seems to consist entirely of having a smack at the Non-Traders, and the results each November have been ghastly. Take last week's election for instance ; the two Liberal nominees were both defeated, and another Liberal who opposed a Non-Trader as an "rode- pendent " suffered a similar fate. The Liberals have been on the wrong track for a long time and never in ray recollection have their interests been sacrificed so foolishly as they are to-day. I am quite sure that the rank and file of the party does not hold with the conduct of the official leaders. Why should the party be set against the Non-Traders at every opportunity ? The latter have done an immense amount of good, and if they are careful not to ride the high horse too much they should have the power to do much more yet in the interests of the ratepayers. As a matter of fact, Mr. Editor, the Liberal Party ought to be working with the Non-Traders instead of fight- ing them. If the present suicidal policy is continued, it is only a matter of time before the rank and file of the party rise in their numbers and make a clean sweep at headquarters. Let us have some honest politics and some straightforward leadership, in place of bias and intrigue.—Yours etc.,

===== 0002601_19061110_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
A RANKER.

The Church .Meeting at Parr Hall

Sir.—l atnione of those individuals who like to hear all sides of a question. Feeling therefors interested in the Education Question I hied myself to the meeting held in Parr Hall last Tuesday. Well I enjoyed myself for to say the least of it Archdeacon Madden's speech was distinctly humorous and I was glad to find that even a clergyman can be jocular at times. But alack what little information the public who attended had given to them ! And what attempts to throw dust in their eyes ! It was presumably on behalf of the children, the dearchildren,the spiritual condition of the children,that they protested against the Government's Education Bill, but at the same time in the main the speeches were about the Church being robbed. They said the Government desired to confiscate the schools. In fact one speaker said the Bill" was a modernized from of the 40 thieves rob- bing parents of their rights,churchmen of their property and Christian Englishmen of their religious liberty." Fancy Church of England men using language like that ! Surely they should be the last people in the world, who should talk about " robbery " or " confiscation." Do they forget the history of their own church? Did they not themselves "confiscate and rob" the Roman Catholic Church and transfer the churches and land to their own particular religous use ? But, however.putting that one side is it not at least a travesty of words to say that the present Bill, seek to confiscate the Church schools? Why it empowers Local Authorities to purchase on fair and equitable lines. Surely professedly Christian men should not attempt to mislead people. Then at the meeting the "political Nonconformist came in for a good deal of hostile criticism. Fancy Churchmen who above all in the respect live in a glass house, throwing stones. Why the Church of England is apart from the House of Commons and of the Lords, the greatest political institution in the country. Is not Church and State their great political war cry ? And to make matters worse instead of "trusting the people " they are beseeching and petitioning the House of Lords to throw out the Bill. Is it not a disgrace and a scandal that they should appeal to a House that is not the elect of the people but is self-elected ? Surely they must be conscious at times that they have no right to attempt to interfere with the "people's will" and one wonders where they get their notion of "justice and equality" from. There was an expression of the Archdeacon's whiGh I must point out was a very serious one. He cannot understand the objection to the Catechism. He says it contains the unadulterated Word of "God." Now it is because the Catechism is "adulterated" and not pure and contains untruths, that the Nonconformist objects to his children being taught from it. I purpose going into this question of the Catechism in a future letter.— Yours etc.. FREE CRITIC.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rector and Ritual.

Sir,—The report of the recent Liverpool Diocesan Conference forms interesting and instructing reading from many points of view. I am particularly interested in that portion describing the discussion of the report of the Royal Commission on Disorders in the Church. During that discussion, which turned upon Prayer Book I Revision, the Rev. Canon Willis, Rector of War- rington, is reported to have stated in opposing an amendment moved by the Rev. Canon Woodward, D.D., that :—" He thought the time had not come for any change. He earnestly longed, whenever the time came, that there might be a new revision of the Prayer Book on the lines of the Prayer Book of 1549." Now, sir, if he he correctly reported, this is candour which every Protestant Churchman will admire, while profoundly differing from the sentiment expressed—and while I have the highest respect for the Rector of War- rington and his colleagues in the town,—l as earnestly hope that Warrington Churchmen and Churchwomen will remember what a revision "on the lines of the Prayer Book of 1549 "involves. Being the first of a series of revisions when the English Church was shaking off the thraldom of Popery, it contained very much ritual and doctrine which rightly belonged to the Romish Church. Among other things it may be mentioned that the word "altar " was retained, hence the eastward position of the celebrant, the frequent use of the sign of the Cross, auricular confession, reservation of the Sacramental Elements. In the Baptismal Service Chrism and Exorcism were retained. Extreme Unction and prayers for the dead also found their place in this book—and this it is hoped will be the lines of the new Revision when it comes. The general tone end spirit of the book so far as Protestant Reform was concerned is indinted by the fact that in 3 years it was necessary to proceed further, hence the book of 1552 in which these things were expunged. Now, if energies' influence and teaching m result from "earnest hopes " then it is easy to see in what direction many are being led, for the Rector is by no means alone in this view.

The result of tha Elizabethan compromise with its latitude of interpretations is clearly seen in the fears and suggestions of such men as Burnett. Stillingfleet, Tillotsond and Beveridge of the commissions which sat in 1699, and the state of things which brought this last commission into existence. Is it any wonder that many of the laity dread the " Shadow of the Priest "in the English Church, and look askance at her suggestions in the matter of Religious Education? Let none, after this ask the reason why the little Protestant Church in Bold-street exists and flourishes. —Yours &c.,

===== 0002601_19061110_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
FRANK VAUG,HAN. Emmanuel Church, Warrington. November Bth. 1900. -- Mr.. W. P. Rylands and the Non-Traders.

• Sir, —I must publicly protest against the reel:less way in which the new Chairman of the Conservative Associa- tion has opened his public career. c In last Saturday's "Examiner." I challenged Iklr. Rylands to find any evidence whatever in support of his statement that "it was difficult to avoid the suspicion that the Non-Trading party is a political organization working directly against the Conservative cause." I now repeat my challenge. But in a speech at the Conservative Club after the declaration of the polls on Thursday week, Mr. Rylands seems to me to have lost his head altogether. He said that " just because Councillor Wilson had taken a certain office to which it was well known and under- stood there was a small emolument attached—and Councillor Wilson acted exactly as other Mayor's auditors had done in taking the small remuneration— he was vituperated by the Non-Trading party in a manner which was absolutely scandalous." Mr. Rylands knew on ought to have known when he made this statement that Councillor Wilson had not acted exactly as other Mayor's Auditors had done since • the Non-Traders entered the Council in November,

11902. From that time, as Mr. Rylands knew or ought Ito have known, no Mayor's auditor has received a fee until a few weeks ago when for the financial ye r end- ing March, 190 G, Councillor Wilson accepted £3O. Mr. Rylands knew or ought to have known that the Non- Traders were al-solutely bound by the underlying prin- ciples of their movement to bring Councillor Wilson's act before his constituents and to endeavour to prevent his return, and this entirely apart from the question of his political views. For Mr. Rylands' assertion that Councillor Wilson "was vituperated by the Non-Trading party in a manner which was absolutely scandalous," I have to deliber ately say that there is absolutely no foundation in fact I have gone through my speeches and my addresses and the speeches of Councillor Pemberton (he and I are the only Non-Traders who have publicly referred to the subject) and I affirm that beyond a most fair and necessary statement of the facts and an explanation of the public grounds of our opposition to Councillor Wilson's re-election, not a single word of personal or improper censure of Councillor Wilson has been uttered by any - Non-Trader. I may add that Councillor Wilson himself, in the most frank and friendly way, assured me, during the poll and at the counting of the votes, that he realized and respected my motive in standing against him, and he publicly and cordially thanked me for the friendly and honourable way in which I had conducted the contest throughout On reading in Saturday's papers the gratuitous attack. of Mr. Rylands on the Non-Trading party I at once (on the 3rd instant), wrote to him requesting chapter and verse for his cruel calumny ; on the receipt of his reply I will ask you to publish the correspondence.— Meanwhile, I am, JAMES DODDS, (Chairman, Warrington Non-Trading Association.) • November, 9th, 1906.

Mr. C. E. Parker and Latchford Election. Sir,—Mr. Dodds in a letter in your last Saturday's issue says, `.` the Chairman is opposed to what is known as illegal and immoral trading by members of the Council with the Corporation,if he will add to this the receiving of profit or payment in any way whatever, and will induce his party in Warrington to adopt these principles,and if the Liberal Chairman will do the same, the occupation of the Non-Traders, like Othello's will be gone." . .

I 1 I am right in concluding that Mr. Dodds has the writer in mind when he speaks of the Liberal "Chair- man," and if any word of mine would be likely to help to restore municipal peace, allay bitter feelings, and heal the dissensions which have been made by this unhappy controversy; it would be no small pleasure to speak that word. It surely is scarcely necessary, either personally, or las representing the Liberal Party to endorse the view of the Conservative Chairman in expressing opposition to illegal and immoral trading. We also endorse and approve the moral teaching of the ten commandments. Where there is room for diversity of opinion is in defining what immoral trading is. Mr. Dodds appnars to assume that the principles of morality are coil- travened if anyone in the Council receives payment for any service he may render. And here we at once come to a point where, with a rigid adherence to the prin- ciples of morality, there is room for differences of opinion. I refer to the concrete instance which induced. the Non-Traders to challenge the re-election of Mr. Wilson in the Latchford Ward. Mr. Wilson when elected three years ago offered his services to the electors, these services were those of an ordinary Councillor, and are well-known. Mr. Wilson is 'asked to undertake a special duty which involved special knowledge, and a considerable expenditure of time and thought. The discharge of these special duties in times past has been remunerated by the fee of £3O. It matters not if some contend that the amount is not properly appraised, we are not dealing with amounts, but with the principle of payment for special services. It appears manifestly unjust that anyone like myself, having various interests in the Borough, abd the payments I have to make in the form of rates upon these interests, being dependent upon the wisdom and efforts of the men who in the Town Council manage my interests ; that I should grudge the legitimate payment of any Councillor who undertakes special work, or that I should withhold my appreciation of the sacrifice which Coun— cillors make in the discharge of these important public duties. Indeed.' would go further and say that if Coun- cillors demanded reasonable payment for ordinary services I should be bound in justice to acknowledge such a claim. There are no doubt objections which can be raised against payment of members, whether parlia- mentary or municipal. It would be inopportune here to go into these, but on the other hand a good deal can be said in favour. My name has been mentioned as one who might be of some little use in the Council. If I choose to reserve my energies for industrial under- takings by which I profit, it would be unworthy to grudge remuneration to those who in the affairs ot the borough do work in which f ought to take my share. Had I leisure to take part, the contentious atmosphere, and the tendency to waste time over personal trifles, would suffice to make me shrink from entering an environment in which I would continually chafe. The danger which Warrington in the future has to face in its local parliament is that there will be a drtarth of men of business training, or practical knowledge of industrial problems, and we may get the Council Chamber occupied by representatives of particular interests. Such by accepting any ticket (be it Non-Trading or any other) which appears to be the winning one for the moment, go into the Council for the purpose of obstructing any action for the good of the whole community, if such action is likely to dis- place their particular interest from some position or privilege or power. This will involve the degradation of the Council, the lowering of its personnel, and the paralysing of all efforts for the public good. Believing thoroughly in the morality of adequate payment for services rendered, just as much as I do in the morality in the payment of any other debt, had I been an elector in the Latchford Ward, and looked upon the point raised by Mr. Dodds as the chief issue, I should have voted for Mr. Wilson. By so doing I should have suffered the " abhorrence " and otlier strong language of the local Liberal paper, which appears to think that we should follow our leanings in Imperial politics in an election in which a candidate, who happens to be a Liberal, expressly states that he is not fighting on political grounds, but for a policy with which we do not agree. I should also have come under the stigma of the inference contained in the words of Mr. Dodds in the address to the crowd after the declaration of the poll. He said, "If he had only received ten votes he would have said there were only ten people in Latch- sord who wanted purity in municipal life." The implication is very clear. Mr. Dodds implies that those who worked and voted for Mr. Wison do not want purity in municipal life. The spirit of the Non-Trading agitation, of which the above is a fair sample, assumes a moral superiority of judgment which makes it difficult for them to listen to admonition however gentle. But may I, with all kindness, suggest that they would have accomplished all they desired, at any rate all they ought to have desired, much more speedily if these efforts to establish purity had been governed by the rule that in things doubtful there should be liberty,and in all things there should be charity. If I might venture to suggest a further fault in this controversy I would name the total absence of humour. If we had amongst us a local Gould who could with facile pencil have hit ofy the comic features of the squabble, such a person would have put the borough under great obligation and deserved a remuneration to which I doubt if even the Non-Traders would have objected. This might have saved an exhibition of a great deal of bad temper, might have prevented the strain upon many old friendships reaching the breaking point, stayed the resignation of valued helpers in, several Associations, and lightened and brightened the public life of the Borough with smiles and laughter. It has been a serious affair, almost a dismal one, and it is time that everyone should try to restore the good feel- ing and good humour which of late has been absent from our public life.

Retnrning to the invitation of Mr. Dodds to state my position as President of the Liberal Association I repeat (and in this may I not speak for both Associa- tions ?) we are opposed,and will always oppose, all who. seek to get into the Council with the object—may I use the usual phrase—of grinding their osvn axes. But as Associations v. e are not prepared to adopt the inter- pretation of any body of men, however earnest and honourable they may be, as to the application of any principle they may adopt. In questions outside the leading ideas which actuate us in imperial politics, and I which may to some extent !Tub, to local affairs,our mem- bers claim and rightly claim liberty of thought and action in respect to matters of opinions, such for example as the payment of an auditor. And as far as lam con- cerned I will do what 7 can to safeguard this liberty of our members from attacks from over zealous friends as well as from political opponents. I strongly deprecate any attempt to use the name of our Associdtion or its Executive to support any opinion which may be advo- cated. In political things which are essential I plead for unity, in municipal affairs which are doubtful, for liberty, and in all things for charity. CHARLES E. PARKER, President of the Warrington Liberal Association. Penketh, November 7th, 1.906.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
The Cuerden Hall Sale.

The 17th and last day's sale took place on Tuesday afternoon, when there was a good attendance of buyers. On Monday the contents of the butler's pantry (china and glass), kitchen, scullery, cellars, and nursery, and of the servants bedrooms in No. 1. east wine were disposed of, and on Tuesday a quantity of Staffordshire ware, the contents of the tea room, the moat tea house, the lawn tennis houses, as well as a number of carpets, chairs, toilet services, &c. No big price was obtained, but all the lots went off quickly and reasonably. Two figures of the Queen of Portugal fetched 14s. each ; while a figure of the late Queen of England brought 19s. £4 ss. was paid for a pair of oil paintings, £3 15s for a pair of lake scenes, and an early English transparent china tea and coffee service was knocked down for £3 15s,

MBE

tc.,•" W, • • • ,

,

P

il

I

\

===== 0002601_19061110_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
YEARS OF INDIGESTION.

A Salvationist's Acute Sufferings Ended by Bile Beans.

The prevalence of stomach disorders in November is a large measure to the increase in the consumption of food, and the greater strain on the vitality in keeping up bodily beat. The stomach and bowels become slug- gish and cannot cope with the work without assistance. Bile Beans render just that assistance necessary to keep the organs up to concert pitch. In cases of chronic indigestion, also, Bile Beans are always reliable, as is proved in the experience of Ars. Elizabeth Ann Story, of 9, Cross Street, Mount Pheasant, Gateshead. Mrs. Story is a member of the local Salvation Army corps. "Itis 14 years since I became ill." she says. " I had a strange heavy feeling in my side, and I endured agonies from pains in the small of my back and accoss the kidneys. The pains were so bad at times that I could neither sit, lie, nor stand without enduring great suffering. I had absolutely no relish for food, and ate scarcely anything. During the daytime I was unable to do any work, and at night I got no sleep. "I went into two hospitals for treatment, but after I came out the old trouble returned. The weakness hurried on the development of an abscess in my back, but though I was told there was no hope • for me except in an operation I shrank from that. I could not afford to go to any more doctors, and those I had been to had done me do good. "Two years ago I began using Bile Beans and per- sisted in taking, them regularly. Now I feel quite vigorOus and strOng, and am in the best of of health." Bile Beans are invaluable in Novamber, when exposure to damp and fog reduces the vitality. They increase the power of resistance by toning-up the stomach and liver, and restoring healthy functions. All chemists stock Bile Beans, at Is. 1.(1. and 2s. 9d. per box (contains 3 times quantity.)

===== 0002601_19061110_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EDUCATION BILL.

WARRINGTON CHURCHPROPLE'S PROTEST. Speeches by Kr—cid—neon_ Madden

and llr. lan Malcolm

The Parr Hall was well filled on Tuesday evening when Churchpeople assembled to protest against the Education Bill which is now before the House of Lords. The meeting was the second organized by the Warring- ton Association of Church of England Schools. Mr. J. Charlton Parr presided, and the principal speakers were the Ven. Archdeacon Sfadden, of Liverpool,and Mr. lan Malcolm. On the platform were most of the local clergy and many prominent laymen. The Rev. James Davies, secretary, announced the receipt of letters of apology for non-attendance from the Rev. James Collins and Alderman Forshaw.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
"VAGUE, SHADOWY RELIGION."

The CHAIRMAN said a Bill had been introduced by the Government and passed by the House of Commons by which religion would be practically excluded from the curriculum of their elementary schools. (Applause.) He knew it was contended that only denominational religion was excluded, but to his mind religion had no heart, no soul, no influence, no substance unless it be denominational, and undenominational religion was to all intents and purposes no religion at all. (Applause). The vague shadowy religion, or so-called religion, which it was proposed to teach, could have little or no influence on the life and conduct of the child, or of the manor woman that the child grew up into. Would their forefathers have fought and died for the sake of their religion, if it had been undenomina- tional, if it had been composed of a few moral maxims and texts culled from the Bible, a few common-place hymns, colourless and vapid, and a few prayers composed by, or uuder the auspices of the Education Committees of the county and municipal councils ?—(applause.)- -a formula of doubtful efficacy, which might vary considerably with the varying complexion, political and religious, of these miscellaneous and ever-changing bodies. Yet that was the so-called religion which in this 20th century it was proposed to inculcate in the elementary schools. If it were not so serious a matter it would be ridiculous and absurd. (Hear, hear.) These were days when it was seriously contemplated that children should not only be educated free, but should have free breakfasts given to them. He was not going to quarrel with this, if it could be managed, but this he did feel, that they would be feeding the little ones in one way and starving them in another. They would give them a free breakfast, but would withhold from them the Bread of Life, the nourishment which their souls required as urgently, as imperatively as their poor hungry bodies needed the material sustenance of the free breakfast. They had a command laid upon them which even their present House of Commons, as a body, would hardly dare to repudiate. " Feed My lambs ' was the Divine injunction, and while they had life and strength, and an arm to raise, or a voice to speak, let them implore, nay, if needful, let them command their Legislature, the Lords and Commons, to pass no Bill, to make no law, which should deprive their little ones of the spiritual food they had hitherto enjoyed,—the religious teaching, based upon the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer, and its corollary, the Church Catechism, which had made England strong and respected throughout the world as a God-fearing, befnoumble, honest people, a people who could be trusted, whose word was their bond, who stood before the world as the avengers of injustice, tyranny and wrong, and the champions of ustice, humanity and liberty. (Applause.) ,The decision rested with them. Would they support the House of Lords in their endeavours tO mend, or, if need be,. to end, this subversive and mischievous Education Bill, or would they be alders and abetters in j inflicting a cruel and irrevocable wrong on the religious and God-fearing community of this country? (Applause.)

THE RESOLUTION. Colonel Bucxxos proposed the following resolution,— "That we, in this meeting assembled, most earnestly protest against the Education Bill and atsrm that no EAucation Bill can satisfy members of the Church of England which does not allow children to be trained in accordance with the faith of their parents, in school hours, by teachers who believe what they teach and who are qualified to teach it." (Applause.) In other words, they demanded that the compulsory educa- tion in this country should continue to be religious as well as secular. Colonel Buckton traced the growth of our educational system and contended that prior to the passing of the 1902 Act the Government never paid more than half the annual cost of maintaining any Voluntary school. Alluding to the present Education Bill, Colonel Buckton said it called itself" An Act to make further provision with respect to education in England and Wales " but that was a false description. If they struck out the words " make further provision " and substituted " abolish religions instruction" the description would be correct: " An Act to abolish Religious Instruction with respect to Education in England and Wales " (Applause.) Owing to its peculiar constitution, the present Govern- ment allowed the Nonconformists, Unitarians,Agnostics Atheists and other non-Christian political agitators to have it all their own way with the Bill in the House of Commons, but the conduct of the Upper House there- with would increase the national confidence in their hereditary legislators. (Applause.) MB. MALCOLM ON "INJUSTICE AND INIQUITY."

Mr. lAN MALCOL tr in seconding said it would ill become the Church of Church of Edgland, if it were to crawl on its knees and ask for leniency as they had been advised, when what they demanded was a right. (Applause.) They demanded it from a tribunal higher than that of any transient majority ; demanded it from their fellow subjects throughout the country and the Empire, and that justice and equality should pervade in a measure attempting to deal with a problem of such great magnitude as that of religious instruction in their elementary schools. (Applause.) They should acquaint their fellow countrymen throughout the ' country in no voice of passion, but in a voice of calm determination, that they would oppose from the beginn- ing to end any measure which was not more equitable and more reasonable than that which was now being— he was glad to say—battered out of existence in the House of Lords. (Applause.) What had their Church done that her teaching should be dethroned, and the chapel teaching preferred to the seat of the mighty ? The answer was she had displeased the political Non conformist whose dearest wish was to see her disestablished. Continuing the speaker said the ideal of Churchmen was to strengthen, not to weaken the hold that religion had upon the children of every generation, and to urge the State, having taken upon itself the respon- sibilipy of the parent, to make attendance compulsory, to allow the dogma of church and chapel to be taught by the most efficient teechers with all the fervour at

A choice of Cocoa Either the most nutritious and strength-giving

===== 0002601_19061110_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

Grateful--Comforting. COCOA

A delicious drink and a sustaining food.

their command—not as a concession to a particular creed but as a protection against a real and a common danger. (Applause.) In that way lay a peaceable and lasting settlement. Failing it they must fight under the banners of religious liberby, with "no taxation with- out participation " and " grievances before supply " as their constitutional battle cry. They would carry the war strenuously into the enemy's camp and demand that if undenominational teaching was to be given in Church schools then they must have Church teaching in Board schools. It was futile to say that dogma was the enemy. Dogma was the keystone of the teaching and strength of Luther and Knox and Wesley. Mr. Gladstone—he wished he was there to help them— (applansa)—once said that to talk about religion and deny dogma was as foolish as to talk about astronomy and deny the stars. It was because they held their dogma so dear, so fundamental, that they would not parley with those who thought ethical instruction a sufficient moral training for children. (Cheers.) ' The resolution was unanimously carried.

ARCHDEACON MADDEN AND THE "MANDATE" I QUESTION. I

Archdeacon MADDEN moved :—" That we, in this meeting assembled, pledge ourselves to further in every lawful way the attainment of the foregoing resolution, and we authorize the same to be forwarded to the Marquis of Ripon, Lord Lansdowne, and the Lord Bishop of Liverpool, for their support." (Applause.) In the course of a characteristically humorous speech the Archdeacon said it had been reported that the agita- tion of Churchmen was having no effect, but what did their opponents Udall when they opened their news- papers on the 2nd November? (Laughter and applause.) They were, as Churchmen, only getting into lighting ' form. They had only flashed their swords. They were I going on to victory. (Applause.) The Archdeacon contended that the rejection of Progressive candidates I in London and the fact that eleven municipal candidates I in Liverpool who a year ago were supporters of the Government now repudiated the Education Bill was an evidence of the public' dislike of the measure. Something had been done in Warrington. At Heywood the people thought it best to turn out the Mayor and ex-Mayor and the Chairman of the Education Committee, and yet 1 there was a mandate from the country for the Bill ! The Government had never received a mandate for it. They had received a mandate to do something for education. They received a mandate to rectify any grievance. Churchmen gave them a mandate for that as much as anyone else. They did not want to have a i grievance upon anyone, their conscience or any other part of their anatomy. (Laughter.) But this was not an Education Bill. as Colonel Backton had told them. It was a theological Bill without any theology. (Loud Laughter.) A large body of Nonconformists were as antagonistic to the Bill as Churchmen were, because they thought they had been betrayed into a false position, and that they were on the slippery slope to secularism. Archdeacon Madden then took Dr. Clifford to task for describing the Archbishop of Canterbury as a" twister," and said the Primate was the most fair-minded Prelate there had ever been in this country. (Applause.) Continuing, he said the present Prime Minister had said that the solution of the diffi- culty was secular education. Other members of the Government, Mr. John Morley, and some of the Labour members, were straight about this matter. Why did they not give them a secular Bill aud let them fight straight ? But instead of that, they had given them a Bill which brought in secularism by the back door, and if they let a man in at the back door and they did not like him they would go out of ths front door. (Laughter.) The Archdeacon then strongly resented the imputation that Churchpeoplc wanted to drive the Bible out of the schools, and said they did not object to Bible teaching but to Bible snippets. (Applause.) They objected to the Bible Cut up into pieces and administered without rhyme or reason. If the Bible was to be taught it must be taught with something like system and reasonable logical sequence. The Catechism was the Bible in a logical simple form, to teach the children the great essential truths of the Bible until they came of age to read the whole Book for themselves. (Applause.) It was information that was wanted, not inflammation, and Churchmen were the people to give it if they were afforded a chance. He hoped the next meeting at Warrington would be a meeting of Noncon- formists to hear the Archdeacon on their grievances. (Laughter and cheers.) Enthusiasm and drudgery would carry them through, and they would carry the country if they were in earnest. It was said that the Government intended eventually to drop the measure, but why not drop it now? (Applause). It was a scandal that in a Christian country they hai in the twentieth century to fight for religious teachihg in their schools. This country would not continue to stand in the forefront of the nations for liberty, righteousness and justice unless the rising generation had its faith and hopes centred not in gold or in the acquisition of mere material things,but in the moral uplifting of the people. The Catechism which was sattutted with the pure and unadulterated Word of God must be taught in their schools. It was the heritage of their children giving them that strength and vigour of character which had made England miuhty and free. (Cheers). MR. WESTBROOK'S CRITICISM.

Mr. H. J. WESTBROOk, in seconding, said that as to the Bill which left the Commons they might say that its paternity was doubtful, its present existence was precarious and its future mysterious. It was the sup- posed child of the Nonconformist conscience and its supposed consort the people's mandate. But the Non- conformist conscience now disowned the offspring, and judging from last week's elections the people's mandate equally repudiated the babe. (Laughter.) Orphaned and homeless,the little monstrosity was now sheltered in the House of Lords,where it was undergoing severe surgical treatment with a view,if possible,of making it present- able for adoption as a child of the State. As introduced, the Bill consisted of 40 clauses—a modernized form of the 40 thieves robbing parents of their rights, Church- men of their property and Christian Englishmen of their religious liberty. The Bill stood as a monument of tyrannical force containing no single provision which would improve our present system of education, but containing from start to finish premeditated provisions for crippling the schools of Churchmen and Roman Catholics and Jews. It gave to Dissenters an allotment of founders' and preference shares at considerably below par value, whilst Churchmen and Roman Catholics and Jews were allotted some ordinary shares at a high premium. Churchmen were bringing into this concern assets to the value of some 13 millions of money, and they insisted upon having a say in the objects and articles of association. They, the men and women,sons and daughters of the old mother Church, declined to worship the brazen image the modern Nebuchadnezzar had set up; they refused to have their God dishonoured, refused to have fundamental Christianity taught by fundamental unbelievers, refused to exchange their Creed and Catechism and Prayer Book, which contained the Churchman's simple Bible teaching, for the schemes and codes of the local education authority. (Applause.) The resolution was carried unanimously. THANKING tHE SPEAKERS.

Mr. R. T. FAraccouGH proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Parr for presiding, and spoke of him in very eulogistic terms ; also a vote of thanks to the other speakers. The Rev. B. PERCIVAL seconded, and this motion was also carried. .

The meeting closed with the singing of the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
TRAVELLER'S ALLEGED EMBEZZLE3LENT.

At the Warrington Police Court, on Tuesday, Harry Parrott, commercial traveller, of Moseley, Birmingham, was charged with feloniously embezzling two sums of money amounting to £IO7s. 6d. belonging to the British Soap Powder Company, Warrington. Mr. F. G. Taylor prosecuted, and Mr. A. Browne defended.—lt was stated 1 by Mr. Taylor that Parrott was employed as a traveller by the company. It was his duty to take orders and collect the accounts. On the 21st May he received an order from a grocer named John Robert Meake at Aston Birmingham, and was paid £3 58. in settlement of the account. Instead of giving one of the company's official 1 receipts, a traveller's card of the company was tendered and signed by the prisoner as a receipt. The money had never been received by the company. Another account amounting to .E 5 2s. 6d. was received by the prisoner from another Birmingham 1 grocer named Dewsbury, which also had never been accounted for to the comp my. Several other cases were quoted by Mr. Taylor where prisoner had collected small accounts but had not accounted for the moneys. —Several witnesses were called in support of this state- ment, but in cross-examination by Mr. Browne it was stated that prisoner told them that 119 could not get his commission, and he had been instructed by the manager and a director to look after himself in getting his commission.—The accused was committed to the I sessions, bail being allowed.

Ashton-under-Lyne Co-operative Society has decided not to stock Trust soaps. Irlam District Council has passed plans for substantial extensions to the already large Co-operative Wholesale Society's Soap Works at Irlam. Dry soap will be made in the new premises.

to suit your taste. Or, a lighter and thinner drink, refreshing and stimulating. o,e - COCOA ESSENCE

Welcome at any hour of the day.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, November 10, 1906.

improved on last year's figures. To-day they have a Combination match with the Hornets A" and will probably record a substantial victory. The selected team is : Knight, fall back; Lancbr, Cartwright, Jones, and Jordan, thresquarters ; Lloyd and Kay, half backs, Jolley, Forster, Boardman, Bradshaw, Fairhurst, and Swift; forwards. Lambert is again on the injured list.

The League matches down lor decision to-day are: _ Warrington V. Rochdale Horaets. Leeds v. York. Hunslet v. Batley. Keighley v. Bradford. Helium V. Swinton. Leigh v. Hull. Hall Kingston Rovers v, Liverpool. Bramley v. Huddersfield. Wakefield Trinity v. Dewebury. Broughton v. Oldham. Safford v. St., Helene. Wigan v. Runcorn.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

[By " Ovalist."]

Warrington re-established themselves in the favour of their supporters an Saturday by successfully accounting for Wigan on the Wilderspool ground. A victory was expected:for the "Wirepullers " have been invincible at home this season, and up to Satur- day's match had scored over 30 points in each home engagement. in Wigan they found opponents more their own calibre, and had nothing to snare through- out the gadle, though thd final score was the comfort- able- one of 12 points to 5.

There was a record crowd for the season of about 6,000, notwithstanding the absence of such " stars " as Leytham and Jenkins (Wigan) and ,Isherwood and Lees (Warrington). Capable substitutes were forth- coming, and a fast exciting game was witnessed. There was a lack of polish about the movements of both skies, and neither was seen at its best, but on the whole the football was interesting. , Wigan Were very aggressive from the start, and it was a stroke of luck which gave Fish the opportunity to send Dickenson over with a good try. The chance cams to the right man and it was made the most of, but the visiting full back must be counted somewhakunlucky in failing to stop the movement. Play travelled rapidly fram one end of the field to the other after this, and if any- thing Warrington had rather the worst of matters. Fish once, when hard pressed, knocked the ball dead with his fist, and was penalised in such easy position that Wigan landed a goal. The judgment was much questioned, and a five yards serum would have been a fairer decision. In successive matches, desperate defensive measures have cost Warrington valuable points.

• The second half of the game opened with Warring- ton only leading by a single point, but a couple of penalties against the Wiganers soon changed the aspect of affairs. Fish obliged with a goal each time and gave his side a useful lead. Wigan strove hard and got possession from the scrummages almost every time, but their combination was not effective. Almost the only time Warrington heeled out in the second half, the backs passed beautifully and Fish took play to the line, where Harmer scored and Preston kicked a goal. Just before time Wigan got some reward for their exertions, Green scoring a try at the corner.

The cOmplaints which have been made against the Warrington forwards were amply justified on Satur- day,when they were hopelessly beaten for possession by a much lighter pack. It was really remarkable to see the regularity with which the ball came out on the Wigan side. Apparently they packed differently from Warrington, but what the secret was it could not be d iscovered from the grand-stand., The only consolation Warrington had was that their opponents frequently got penalised for being rather to) smart at the scrummage. There is something radically wrong with the scrummage work of the locals. The men are both strong and clever but they cannot get the ball with the necessary frequency. -Why, on Saturday if they had had it half the number of times tha Wiganers had they most have won easily, instead of being kept largely on the defensive and in danger all the time.

An interesting feature of the match was the duel between" Bucky ' Green and Fish, who faced each other on the wing. As in the sprint race last year, the Warrington man had the best of matters ; though trained nothing like so fine as his opponont. Fish is farmer-like in build at present, and would do with a dozed lbs. avoirdupois off at least. Still he can run and dodge better than anycne else yet, but he has not the same inclination for work that he once had. It is a rare thing to see Fish follow up now, and yet at one time he could capture a full back as easily as he could dodge one. Brooks is much the more resolute of the two and misses nothing for want of running and trying.

Dickenson took Isherwood's place at left centre,but was best on the defence. He has not the capacity for making an opening that " Danny " has, but at breaking up the combination of the other side he is splendid. Windsor Jones i;49t severely handled once or twice by the lengthy Warrington man and was glad to get rid of the leather. Jordan did not do so well as expected at half back,though he had, of course, few chances. Still Warrington would have made much more headway with Lees at the base of the scrummage. Berry started unsteadily but improved, and in the second half did some fine defensive work. His worst fault is in waiting for the ball to bounce sometimes when be could reach it earlier with an effort. Mason was safe as ever on the Wigan side, but the halves Anderson and Thomas —made less headway than usual and frequently hampered their own centres. Green and Treharne were both smart wings, but found their masters on the home side. The Wigan forwards were brilliant !

The following is the League Table up-to-date For Agst. _

- Per- P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. centage. Runcorn Leeds Hali fa S 6 1 1 27 25 129 12 15 69 81.25 Ee ighley ... 7 5 1 1 18 29 123 11 12 58 78.58 Wigan Broughton Warrington— 9 6 2 1 32 43 193 12 11 57 72.22 Oldham lO 7 3 0 27 32 150 18 16 84 70.00 Hunslet Batley Barrow 9 5 3 1 18 20 121 19 23 108 GlOO York ...... 7 4 3 015 21 9316 23 101 5720 Swinton ... 95 4 0 26 34 154 18 21 99 5555 Pontefract ... 6 3 3 0 10 13 59 20 32 136 5000 Salford Rochdale Leigh Bradford I Hull Widnes .. 8 3 5 0 16 17 83 18 28 120 3750 Dewsbury Hull R. Hud'sfleld lO 3 7 0 17 35 139 37 42 200 30.00 Wak'fild T 9 2 6 1 10 18 74 19 36 146 27.77 St. Helens Bramley Liverpl.C. II 010 1 6 6 39 51 87 363 4.54

Halifax met with their first defeat on Saturday at Leeds, though it was only in the last five minutes they succumbed. By a superior point average, Runcorn go to the head of affairs, though Leeds have the same percentage. Warrington have made a slight advance and should go still higher. They have an excellent chance of finishing in the first four if they will just pay more attention to away matches. They are expected to win to-day and no excuse will be accepted.

The Sluth-West Lancashire Le igue table up-to-dat is as f Mows :

Pts. P. W. L. D. For Agst. Pts. Virgton.. 4 ... 3 ... 0 ... 1 ... 70 ... 25 ... 7 Runcorn 4 ... 3 ... 1 ... 0 53 ... 25 6 Wigan ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 0 ... 40 ... 28 ... 4 Widnes.. 6 ... 2 ... 4 ... 0 ... 4g ... 99 ... 4 Leigh ... 4 ... 1 ... 2 ... 1 ... 34 ... 39 ... 3 S.Elelens 5 ... 1 ... 4 ... 0 ... 33 ... 78 ... 2

Warrington now head the Longue and should have a good chance of once more. securing the cup. Much will depend on the away matches with Wigan and Runcorn, but so far the locals are undefeated. May they remain so.

Warrington are due at Rochdale to-day, and should make no mistake about extracting the Hornets' sting. Isherwood is still "on the club " with a sprained shoulder, and Thomas has also to stand down from injury. Lees returns in place of Jordan, and Belton takes the place of Boardman. The full team is : Berry, back ; Fish, Dickenson, Taylor and Brooks, tinee-cluarters ; Lees and Hockeuhall, half backs ; Preston, Naylor, Belton, Heath, Harmer, and Shugars, forwards.

-- In their last match or two Warrington have gone back, to some extent, to kicking instead of passing. I hope they will abandon the punt to-day and go in for the handling game. If they do they are certain to beat the Hornets handsomely. Both forwards and backs must pick up, run, and pass at every oppor- tunity. These tactics non-plussed all visitors to Wilderspool, and will prove just as successful away if persisted in. Against the Hornets, Warrington should have possession much more frequently than was the case last week.

The A " team was unfortunate to lose the impor- tant game at Wigan by a goal-kick in the last ten minutes. However, they gave a vigorous display 'and

===== 0002601_19061110_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Hockey.

Last Saturday Stockton Heath received a visit from the Northern team, a side which, prior to being defeated by Timperley the previous week, had not been beaten for two years, and as all the hockey world now knows, our local eleven were victoious by two goals to one. Both goals for Stockton Heath were scored by W. H. Banks, who played a fine game, and who, provided he maintains his present form, should have more than an autside chance of being chosen for the county during the present season. S. Baxter also showed good form, his stick work being tine, but he would do well to feed his wing man rather more than he does at present.

The defence was very sound if not brilliant, each man working hard and never leaving the Northern forwards alone. Perhaps special mention should be made of E. E. Woods, who played one of the finest games he has ever played, and that is saying a lot. It must not be thought that the Northern team took their beating lying down. Seldom have I seen such desperate yet failing attacks made right up to the Anal whistle. Northern were best represented by Varvvick at inside I left and their goalkeeper.

It must be very gratifying for the old organizers and pioneers of the Stockton Heath club to know that the club they so keenly fought for is now able to hold its I own with any club in the North of England. Why 'we have it on tile authority of the" Daily Mail" that "Stockton Heath are a good side."

The second eleven were rather poorly represented at Northern (Crosby) and as a result were beaten eight goals to three. The goals for Stockton Heath *ere scored by C. W. Walker (2) and Linnel (1). I fail to understand why the second do not do better, and think the players might rally round captain Hawtin more than they do. The Club is fortunate in having such a man as Mr. Hawtin, who seems to take defeat with a cheerful face, so long as he thinks he can coach men for the first eleven.

This week the club play Altrincham ; the first team should win, but the second may and some difficulty in following suit. The following teams have been chosen to represent Stockton Heath :-Ist tat home) on Arpley Cricket Gronnd :—R. G. Pierpoint (goal) ; T. Pierpoint (Capt.) and E. E. Woods (backs) ; R. Hallows, Eric Fairclough and J. D. Hatton (halves) ; H. Dolan, W. Richardson, W. H. Banks, S. Baxter, and C. Smith (forwards). Referee, W. Carter, Esq. Bally off, 2.30 prompt.

2nd team (away) :—W. H. Sutton (goal) ; P. B. Hawtin (Capt.) and B. Silcock (backs) ; H. W. Guest,E. Jones and J. Houghton (halves) ; 12 Pierpoiut, C. W. Walker, A. H. Rathbone, %V. Linnel and A. Hodgkinson (forwards). Referee, N. W. Bellamy, Esq. Train leaves Arpley Station, 1.12 (to Broadheath).

The following are some of the results last weeks games, played on ground of first named club : Bebbington 7, Brooklands 0. Sale 2, Alderley Edge 1. Bowdon s,',Altrincham 1. Oxton 4, West Derby 6. Huyton 1, Sefton 1. Sluth Manchester 0, Timperley 2. E. Pierpoint, the popular skipper of the Stockton Heath team, has been chosen to play for Cheshireagainst Lincoinshire at Brooklands next Saturday. This is the first County honour which has ever come to the Stockton Heath Club, and there is much rejoicing locally at the selection. Pierpoint is a very cool, resolute back and should give a good account of him- self whist' the Penmen.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MUSICAL SOCIETY'S CONCERT.

" The Crusadera."

The Warrington Musical Societe made an excellent start with its season's work on Wednesday with a concert which included as its most prominent feature Gade's "Crusaders." Choral members were in unusually strong force, the male-voices especially benefltting by the accession of new members. Nor, as the season opens, is the society's orchestra found to be less strong in point both of number and efficiency. The pity of it all is that so fine a body of musicians should be con- fronted with so beggarly an array of empty benches on an occasion when commensurate public support is the one thing needful to encourage the society's management and to brace up the energies of its rank and file. As it is apparently idle to indulge in repinings,the society would do well to take what consolation it can from the fact that a most excellent concert marked the opening of its session, and from the circumstance that a small audience sheaved such an excess of enthusiasm in regard to it as would have done credit to the discrimination of gathering of ten-fold its numbers. Of " The Crusaders " a most intelligent and praise- worthy performsnce was given. Though the cantata strikes no very profound or deeply impressive note it is full of a certain quality which, often strongly Mendel- ssohnian in flavour, is yet both., powerfully moving and full of dignity. The book abotands in suggestions composer has taken full ch ereCrsuosmadeerfis annedlySirens are engaged, advantage. vtaonnuergpei .c t uAr el os nogf wwi thhi omt thee highly dramatic passages contrasted choral tnhuemr eb earrse inn w tbhi ee bstebo the inclusion of which last mentioned mythical beisgs giving to the story a great fascination. The solo and chorus • Father, from a distant land " struck one as perhaps the most beautiful number in which the chorus is concerned, and curiously here the influence of 'Mendelssohn upon Gade's temperament is most clearly apparent. 'rhe " Spirit music " preceding the appearance of Armida was marked by commendable firmness in the attack by the various sections of voices which are of often heard quite disconnectedly. Nor was the later movement "The wave sweeps my breast," for female voices only,less pleasing and mentorious, trebles and altos here vieing with each other in showing good form. A most effective conclusion of the work is made with the grand ensemble chorus " His head let each Crusader raise," in which the deletion of the somewhat commonplace" Hosianna "phrases may be noted as a distinct gain. The singing of the principal parts in the cantata by Miss Edith Clegg, Mr. James Davis, and Mr. Frederic Austin was all that could be desired. In some solo and concerted portions of the work this capable trio would doubtless have been greeted with disturbing, if compli- mentary, applause had not the continuity of the various movements prevented its manifestation. In the second part of the programme there were some items of a miscellaneous character.Of the separate items of choral singing the performance of the part-song " Since thou 0 fondest alone calls for a comment. Here a great improvement was discernible in a more perfect balance of the various parts which can, of course, be directly traced to the attainment this year of a better numerical proportion in the different sections ; of the voices, lint there were, let it be said, subtle ; qualities shewn in the presentation of the part-song of which members individually may feel justly proud—a oneness of effort in which great expressiveness was I manifest, contributing to quite an ideal ensemble in the rendering of this charming little composition. Mr. Frederic Austin greatly distinguished himself as an exponent of Stanford's suite of Sea Songs for baritone solo and male-voice chorus. It was quickly seen that both the soloist and his sympathetic backers had a congenial theme in ' the recital of those stirring naval adventures which have become the warp and weft, so to speak, of Britain's historical tapestry. Of the use songs comprised in this unique cycle " Homeward bound and "The old Superb " undoubtedly gain most by the juxtaposition of their points of difference. A pathetic sentiment in the text is, in the first of these, wedded to some most telling vocal phrases supported by a fascinating figure in the accompaniment for muted strings, while in the second there is narrated, in spirited solo and chorus, some incidents of so rousing a character as to stir the pulse of the most phlegmatic listener. It is not surprising therefore that, vocalised in the finished manner in which Mr. Austin interpreted it, the concluding song resulted in loud demands upon Mr. Austin to which he ultimately acceded, for its repetition. Miss Clegg sang Bredon hill " with a depth of feeling which was as potent in arousing sympathy as it was highly appropriate to this curious vocal composition—curious in the sense that the com- poser's artistic treatment of what might have been a most monotonous all-pervading pedal-note, approaches closely to a stroke of genius. Mr. Davis had a taking song in Cowen's "When all the world is fair "to which he did ample justice and for which he received a deserved and hearty encore. Schubert's flue overture to " Rosamunde," well- played by a very complete orchestra, formed a welcome prelude to the second half of the programme. It should be mentioned that Mr. F. H. Crossley and Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac. were, as conductor and accompanist, at their accustomed posts, the duties of which they both most ably discharged.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE BEST REMEDY FOR WARDING OFF AND CURING BRONCHITIS."

" DE trt Stas,—Being subject to bronchitis T applied for and received a sample bottle of Angier's Emulsion I have given the Emulsion an extended trial, and have found it the best remedy for warding off and curing the above complaint. I will, with pleasure, answer any inquiries regarding the Emulsion as a cure for bronchitis from anyone who will apply to you for my address."—Name and address furnished privately. Angier's Emulsion is undoubtedly the best remedy I for coughs, bronchitis, consumption, and all lung siren- tions, because it not only soothes the throat and lungs, allaying soreness and inflammation and relieving the most troublesome cough, but also promotes appetite, aids digestion, and acts as a tonic to the entire system, greatly improving tl'e general health. Moreover Angier's Emulsion is quite pleasant to take—almost like cream—and agrees perfectly with delicate stomachs. It is largely prescribed by the medical profession and is used in the hospitals. If you %rill send 3d. for postage and mention this paper we will send you a free sample bottle. Of Chemists and drug stores, Is. lid., 2s. 9d. and 44. Gd. The Angier Chemical co., Ltd., 32, Snow Hill, London E.C. •

===== 0002601_19061110_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

WOULD-BE BURGLAR CAPTURED.

A smart capture of a would-be burglar was made by Police-constable Edwards, of Warrington, in the early hours of Wednesday. Hearing a noise at the rear of the Brooklands Hotel, Lovely-lane, the officer found an ex-convict, who gave the name of Thomas Hrm3n, hiding in the yard. When being taken into custody, the man made the excuse that he was working wita the nightsoil men. He was taken to the police station, where he made a statement that if the officer had not dropped on him be would have done the job before morning. He was not going to walk about starving.—At the Borough Police Court the magistrates sentenced him to gaol for three months.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVER_SIIARTLY PUNISHED.

At the Warriicito-n-POiiCe.6,l;rt-osn'W'e-chTeaday,llobert Kirk. Evelyn-street, was charged in two cases with receiving stolen brass from a youth named Enos Woods, who on Monday was convicted for stealing the brass. On Thursday last Woods sold the prisoner 151 b. of brass, for which he agreed to pay 30. per lb., whereas it was really worth lid. per lb. Prisoner who worked at Messrs. Monks, Hall, and Company's works, from where the brass was stolen, knew full well the value of the brass. A previous conviction having been proved against prisoner, the magistrates sent him to gaol for three months. SUCCESSOVL PLEA OF INSANITY. At Chester Assizes, on Thursday, before Nfr. Justice Walton, Edward Spendelow (41), gasfitter, Wurrington, was indicted for unlawfully wounding Margaret Slater, with intent to kill her on October 12th,at Astbury,near Congleton. Mr. Artemus Jones prosecuted. and Mr. W Madden, with Mr. E. Owen Roberts, defended. The storY for tbe prosecution was that prisoner was for ten years in the Army in India, and when he came home he resumed cohabitation with his wife, to whom he had been married for twelve years. Frequent qnarrels arose, and, as a consequence, the couple separated, the wife going to live next door to her sister, Margaret Slater. Prisoner seemed to blame his sister-in-law for the separation, and frequently threatened her. On the day in question prisoner walked in through Slater's front door, and when she saw who it was she ran screaming into the yard. Prisoner followed her and stabbed her four times in the back before she reached the street. The wounds were serious, one of them penetrating the lung. When arrested and charged prisoner denied being in Slater's house.—Mr. Madden, for the defence, called prisoner's mother, whe said prisoner, when a boy of two or three years of age, was in India, where he had sunstroke and enteric fever.—Dr. Peacocke, of Warrington, gave it as his opinion that prisoner was suffering from impulsive insanity.—Dr. Braide of Warrington also said prisoner was insane.—The jury at once found prisoner guilty hut insane, and his Lordship ordered him to be detained at Knutsford until his Majesty's pleasure be known.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
BROTHERS IN TROUBLE.

At Warrington Police Court on Monday Thoma I Wood; aged eleven years, of 5-1, Plumpton-street, wife charged with stealing a quantity of brass, value £l, Irons the works of Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co. on Saturdgy evening. Mr. Jenkins (on behalf of Mr. Steel) appeared for defendant, who pleaded guilty. Superintendent Monaghan stated that about eight o'clock on Saturday night a watchman was going through the works when he heard a noise in the fitting shop. On proceeding there he saw the defendant with a little bag which proved to contain two pieces of brass. The boy said he was going to sell them to a man named Kirk at Sankey Bridges. That man was in the employ of Messrs. Monks. Hall and Co., and the police intended to inquire into that side of the matter.—Mr. Jenkins said that statement was true, but the person who was really to blame for the boy's conduct could not,tl unfortunately, be brought before them, it was Mr. Guy Fawkes. That day was the fifth of November, and the boy told him that he stole the brass in order that, with the money it realized,he might buy some fireworks. They had all once been actuated by the insane idea to let off fireworks. He was also informed that this boy was, at times, peculiar in his manner, his mother having stated that he sometimes suffered from absence of mind. The boy was ordered to receive three strokes of the birch.— Enos Woods, an elder brother of the defendant in the preceding case, was charged with stealing 151 b. of brass, value lls. 3d., from the works of Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co., on October 31st.—Superintendent Monaghan said prisoner, was seen by P.C. Woods in connection with the last case, and during a conversation prisoner said he knew nothing about his brother's theft, but volunteered the statement that he had taken some brass. He was employed at the works, awl took the brass whilst working overtime. He said he had I sold it to a man named Kirk, at the rate of 3id. per pound. Mrs. Kirk had been seen in reference to the matter, but she would say nothing about it. Prisoner was birched three years ago for theft. He now admitted that he had been in the habit of stealing brass.—Mr. Jenkins said the redeeming feature of the case was that had not the prisoner told the police of his crime be would not, have been in such a position that day.— Prisoner was fined 20s. and cost (£2).

===== 0002601_19061110_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
NATURE'S HEALING BALM. Zam-Buk's Perfect Way With Cuts Bruises, Burns, &c. •

What happens when you cut or burn yourself—when the breadknife slips, or the oven shelf touches your hand, or tbe hammer smashes your thumb? What do you do when that mischievous youngster gets his fingers trapped, or come home with cut knee or barked shin ? If you have g ot Zam-Buk handy, the way to end smart- ing pain is simple, safe, and speedy. Zam-Buk has earned its position as the ideal healing balm for home use by sheer merit and uniqueness. It is quite different from the biting embrocations or oils that practically make cuts into burns and which contain poisonous mineral drugs; and neither has it anything in common with ordinary ointments or salves, which are usually made up of rancid animal fats or other course, irritating, impure ingredients. Zam-Buk is a soothing vegetable balm, made of the choicest healing essences known to modern science. So complete is its action that it fully meets every- body's need, from the toiler to the toddler—from the athlete in the playing-field to the woman .in the home. . . . _

Being perfectly, antiseptic and an effective germicide, Zam-Buk makes and keeps a wound clean and sweet, preventing conmlications in the shape of festering or "gathering." This pure balm ensures healing by first intention, and it soothes while it heals.

Moreover, Zam-Bult possesses the unique and extra- ordinary power of growing new skin. It not only establishes those conditions of purity and health neces- sary to enable cut flesh to knit together again, but actu- ally takes part in the actual work of building up new tissue cells. Those who have watched a burn or scald heal up under Zam-Buk'sbeueficient influence have often marvelled at the wonderful work resulting from the application of a balm which works hand in hand with Nature so harmoniously and effectively. A box should be in every home, workshop, and playing-field.

Warrington Field Club. The winter session in connection with the Warring- ton Field Club was opened on Friday when a meeting was held in the Museum lectare Room, Mr. J. Fair- hurst presiding over a good attendance. This being the entomological evening there was as usual a very fine display of moths and butterflies. Messrs. Vi. Mounfield, Frank Wright, Womersley, Greening, Robinson and Dunlop exhibited cases, which were set out on long tables. The exhibitors described their specimens and contributed notes on the work of the past season. Chapter 1

"The Fels-Naptha way" You can't wash in " the Fels- Naptha way" without Fels-Naptha soap. The best results cannot be obtained from Fels-Naptha if you use it in the old way. " The Fels-Naptha way " is no boiling F els-Naptha, 39, Wilson street, London E.C.

DEAR Czatmaiic,

As I have just got a few minutes to spare, I don't think I can employ them better than by penning my usual weekly letter to my little relations. "

This week our list of members has swelled again, and I want to see it grow to the extent of 12 each week from now up to Christmas. Last week I asked you all to send me in some original joke, short tale, trick, or anything funny, for my Yuletide letter, and I pro- mised to give three good prizes for the best three things sent in by the end of November. Well, I hope you will do your best, but as I said before, whatever is sent in must be suit- able for entertaining a Christmas Party. Now, besides this, I am willing to give two boxes Qf Fry's delicious chocolates each week to the two member S who send in the best thing in the way of very short tales, a verse of poetry, puzzle,, etc. Well, think I have done my share this week, so I will let some of the Corner con- tributors do theirs, so for another seven days, bye-bye. ' UNCLE NED.

The answers to last week's puzzles ire.—

SQUARE WORD. , A T ADO TOM

ACROSTIC. MONEY. ALMS. RECEIVED. SPENT.

and the name of the Planet is MARS.

CHARADES.

1. Car. 2. Pet. 3. Carpet.

Uncle Bob: "I hope, Tommy, you are a favourite with your teacher." /Tommy: "I think I must be. She can't seem to get enough of me, or she wouldn't keep me in so much."

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am sending you a short story, called "The Monk's Charity," which I laope you will like. I g-reatly enjoy reading the "Corner,"—Your loviing !friend,

LUCY FITZPATRICK.

THE MONK'S CHARITY.

There was once a monk who was renowned for his love ofecharity, and, unlike most people, he practised what he preached. He once made a vow that if it was in his power, no beggar should go away from him with an empty pocket. One day this monk decided to go on a pilgrimage to a distant monastery, and on ttie way to visit all the shrinee that he passed. o he went, and faithfully kept his vow, so much so, that when he arrived at a village midway between his own home and the monas- tery he was going to, he had not even a penny- piece to pay for a night's lodging. Suddenly a thought stragk him, " I will go.to Brother John, the cure of this village'," thought he, "and perchance he will help me." Brother John, a goodly: and devout man, readily agteed to give the monk a good supper and a bed. Early the next morning the monk was awakened by the tolling of a church .bell close by. "I will go to early Mass," he exclaimed. When he arrived at the Church door, he saw standing by it a beggar, whose ragged clothes scarcely held together. Out of long habit the monk dived his hands into his trousers pockets, forgettinNlhat-the night before they had been empty, but now, what aid his fingers touch, surely that was money? He pulled out his hands, and disclosed a— crown. This he did three times, every time bringing out the same amount, and handing qt, to the beggar, who seemed overjoyed at his good fortune. Then he went into Church, and soon every- one knew of the wonderful miracle which had been performed that morning.

My Dear Uncle Ned,—l have just received the beautiful book awarded to me for the drawing competition as Ist prize. I was very much surprised and pleased to receive so hand- some a prize. With my very best thanks, I remain, Yours truly, TRENWITH WILLS.

•\:

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am sending you a piece ' of poetry, which I hope you will like, and it is called -

AFTERWARDS.

Baby's bath_ was standing there,

Sionge and soap as well; With her dolly round the room Wandered little Nell.

..ety Dear 'Uncle Ned,—l am sanding you et Laney tray for the girls' competition, which I hope you will like. Perhaps you will wonder what it can be used for. I thought perhaps it would do for odds and ends. We are having lovely weather here, although to- day it has been rather showery. I am sending you a few puzzles, which I hope you will pub- lish in the "Corner." I do not know whether you have heard them before, but very likely some of my cousins will not have done so. lam thirteen years old. Hoping you are quite well, I remain your loving little niece, MARGARET MAIM PRESS.

PUZZLES FOR. PLAYTIME.

Put these into sense:— Puzzle I. y, y, u, r, y, y, u, b, i, c, u, r, y, y, 4, me. Puzzle 11. If the B in t put: If the B . putting: Puzzle 111. Stand take 2 takings throw my

A child, on being shown the picture of "Daniel in the Lions' Den," was affected to team

"Don't grieve, pet," said the mother," "he was not devoured."

"I'm not crying for that," was the reply; "but do you see that little lion in the corner, mamma? Well, I'm afraid he won't get any, for Daniel is so small he won't go round."

===== 0002601_19061110_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
A .MOON SONG.

"0 moon," said the chrren, "0 moon that shineth fair, Why do you stay so far \ away, 80 high above us there? 0 moon, you must be very cold from shining on the sea; If you could come and play with us, how happy we should be!"

"0 children," said the moon, " I shine above your heads., That I may light the ships at night, -when the sun has gone to bed; That I may elbow the beggar-boy his way- ' across the moor, And bring the busy farmer home to his own cottage door.

"0 moon," said the children, "may we shine in your place? They say that I have sunny hair, and I sparkling face, To light the ships and beggar-boys, we greatly do desire; And you might come and warm yourself before , the nursery fire."

" o,children," said the moon, "we have each allotted parts; 'Tis yours to Shine, by love Divine, on happy human hearts; 'Tis mine to make the pathway brisht, of wanderers that roam; • 'Tis yours to scatter endless light, on those that stay at home."

From HORACE TAYLOR.

-

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am sending you a Piece of poetry, which I hope you will like, and it called—

THE RUNAWAY.

There's a dolly in the corner Who is very, very ill, And I'm riding to the doctor To buy a little pill. But my horse is very active, Almost frisky, I might say; It would be inconvenient If he wished to run away. It pay be that he only thinks, Of dolly that is ill; .quicker back, TTheo brqiunigatehr e gloine little Your loving niece, MAY SYLVESTER.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
NO STORY TELLER.

Little Tom, Mory Was asked for a story, But. said, "I must beg to decline; I will play on the fiddle, Or ask a good riddle, But stories are not in my line." From your loving_ nephew, ERNEST HARROLIX

A health officer recently received the follow- ing note from one of the residents of his dis- trict: "Dear Sir,—l beg to tell you that my child, aged eight months, is suffering with measles, as required by Act of Parliament."

Dear Uncl4 Ned,—l have been reading the "Children's Corner," and I should very much like to join. I shall be eleven on the 14th October, and lam in the fifth standard. I must now conclude with best wishes.

I remain, your loving niece, MARGARET LILIAN PAYNE.

.1

I

1 - .. - „ . , .:1 4 : 4. ... ... , ~.., ~..„ , ,

===== 0002601_19061110_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
110'

:1?

.1*

===== 0002601_19061110_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

NOVEMBER. FROM WARRINGTON TO

-- - Acton Bridge-7 14, 7 40, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 75, 8 35, 9 58, 11 42, 11 55, a.m. 1 50, 4 46, 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 6 0, p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot•road)-5 30, 7 5, 835, 958. 1142, 11 55 a.m. 150, 446, 325, 7 20, 8 37, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. b Saturdays only. Chester-7 34, 8 17, 95, 10 23, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 1 40, 1 58,2 30,319, 422, 5 6,6 4,7 54,8 5,10 20, 11 35 p.m. Sundays 8 44. "7 45 10 35 a.m. 74, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green-7 5, B's, 8 25, 10 10, 10 55 a.M. 1225, 245, 345 515, 637, 78, 740, 925, 10 30 P.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 34, 9 5.1. m. 12 30, 230,3 19, 56, 64, 85, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 36, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64, 744 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 7 5, 8 5. 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 9 25, 10 10,10 55, 1155 a.nf. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45,3 45,3 50, 5 15, 6 37, 7 87 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 46, 8 35, 843 a.m. 5 10, 6 0, 7 57, 9 54 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penkeil-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, SO, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. - Frodshath-7 34,9 5, 10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, 3 19.4 22, 56,6 4, 7 54, 10 20, all-SS p.m. Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75, 833, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 56. 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlana,Cadishead-7 0, 7508 8, 9 3 a.m. 22. 4 SS, 710, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 845, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool(C.L.C.)-a4 40,5 35,7 5,755,8 2,8 50,9 5, 9 50, 10 30, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0, 12 50, 1. 10, 1 50, 27, 2 50, 3 13,3 50,3 56, 45, 410. 4 50, 5 50, 5 57, 6 50, 75, 7 50, 80, 8 50, 8 55, 9 40, clO 0, 10 40, blO 42, bll 10, 11 30, 11 39 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted. Sundays 4 40, 5 35, 90, 9 55, 11 20 a.m. 2 20, 2 39, 4 46, 6 0, 7 10,8 28,9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, a 5 25, 75, 7 27, 8 23, 8 25, 9 25, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 155, 245, 3 20, 3 45, 347, 515, 617. ,7 8, 740, 80, 9 25, blO 0, 10 30, bll 30 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays, 4 51, 530, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, .) 10, 60.80, 9 54 p.m. Lymm-6 13, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 335 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, aB3O, 925, 11 40 p.m. a 'Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester . and N.-Pin-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, a 75, 8 5, 8 25, 835, 919, 925, 1040, 10 55 a.m. 12 18. 1 15, 2 41,, 2 45, 3 31, 426, 5 10, 553.. 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 9 22, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 4,56,7 46 a.m. 5 15, 60, 7 57, p.m. a Mondays only Manchester (C.L.C.)- 7 0. 7 12, 7 58, 8 8, 8 55. 93, 955, 1055, 1122, 11 55 a.m. 1255. 1 55, 255, 355, 4 55, 4 58, 5 55, 6 55, 710, 755, 835, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 8 45, 9 37, 10 18, 11 32 ELM 30, 3 15, 4 56, 50, 7 18, 8 55, 9 15,9 25, 10 0 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55, b 4 45,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 35, 919,9 25,10 10.10 40.10 55, 11 55. a.m. 12 18.12 25, 1 15, 1 50,2 45.3 31. 3 50,4 25,4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 53, 7 46, 843, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mondays only. Padgate-7 0, 7 12. 88, 8 35, 10 35. 11 22 a.m. 12 18, 1 41, 3 55' 1 53, 533,65, 7 10.8 35, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23. 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 320, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0, 10 0 pm. Sankey-7 5, 82,95,10 0, 11 5 A.M. 12 0, hi 0, al 8, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10. 5 28, 6 2S, 7 5, S O. 90; blO 0, 810 37, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 22 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20,3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 240, 8 0 p.m. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-7.5, 8.25,10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20, 3.45, 5.15, 6.87, 7.8, 7.40, 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 8 35, a 9.36, 10.25, 11.2' a.m., 1.27, 3.18, 4 10, 53, b 6.20, 6 26, 7.40, 80, 9.0, 10.35, 1.):_m• Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6, 9.7. p.m. aMondays, wednesda excepted. Ys, and Saturdays mai. bSaturdays Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 80, S 59, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 s.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan IL and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 5, 835, 9 58, 10 55, 11 42, 11 53 a.m. 115, 150, 3 50, 4 46, 5 15, 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 3 35, 6 0, 9 54 p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95, 10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, hI 8. 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 528, 6 26, 7 5, 80, 90, 810 0, blO 37 p.m. a Saturdays only, b Saturdays excepted.

TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 32,7 40, 8 54, 10 57 am. 12 19, a 249, 355, 4 41, 7 20, 8 28. Sundays 759 am. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-7 50, 8 25, 9 57, 10 22 11 10,12 45,a.rn. 1 20,3 8, 5 30, 6 48. 8 25, b 9 10, 105, p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 15, 4 55, 8 45, p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. c Mondays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 9 47, 11 20 a.m. 140, 3 28,4 27, 5 20, 70, 8 45, 100,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37, 5 8, 730 p.m. Chester-2 25, 1)4 20, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12' 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 2 0, 2 10, 30. 350. 5 18, 5 23,6 30, 735,8 10, 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 25,4 20, 6 30 a.m.6 55, 835 p.m. b Mondays excepted. Collins Green-6 40, 79, 845, 10 24, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 2 JO. 3 5, 4 1, 5 38, 6 42,7 47, 9 6, alo 43,10 58 p.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Daresbury-8 11, 10 17,11 18 a.m.2 Ao, 6 2,7 11,8 43 p.m. Sundays 726 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 35, 6 47, 822 p.m. Sundays 648 £I.M. 7 9 p.m. Earlestmvn-7 2, 7 13, 847, 850,9 15, 9 45, 10 26, 10 36, 11 23 a.m. 12 38, 1 14, 23, 3 27. 5 10, 543 552, 655, 713, 88, 910, 934, 1047, alll, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 957, 10 3 a.m. .3 45, 7 21, 10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-79, 8 53, 942, 1045' a.m. 12 3, 012 57, 24, 3 27, 54, 62, 6 50, 914 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Saturdays only. Frodsham-7 54. 90, 10 1, 11 1, a.m. 231, 4 11, 544, 6 50, 831, p.m. Sunday 72, a.m. 724 p.m. Golborne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12.a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 431, 5 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42. a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 7 5 p.m. 1-Jelsby-7 46, 8 56, 957. 10 57, a.m. 2 27, 47, 5 40, 6 54, 827, p.m. Sunday 6 53, ii.m. 7 18, p.m. Ham and C.:disbend-6 19, 6 48, 7 39, 9 53, a.m. 17, 4 54, 6 54. 8 55; 11 20, p.m. Sundays 921, 11 0, a.m. 1 20, 2 22.6 55. 8 sn, 100 p.m. Latchford-7 55, 8 40, 9 22, 10 2, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13, 3 0. 338, 426. h 531. 07, 649, 739, 9 52,0 11 32 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Am:ay. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m, Liverpool I C.L.C.)-5 10, 630. 7 30, 7 40, 8 20, 8 30, 8 25, 8 40, 9 30, 9 33. 1030. 11 5, n 30, 11 33 11 50, a.m. 1230, 12 50, 1,0, 1 30, 1 45, 230 2 40, 2 43. 4 0, 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 635, 7 30, 7 35, 8 30, 8 36, 8 40, 9 30, hlO 50, 11 0, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 90, 10 55,11 15 a.m.2 20,3 20,1 0: 42'), 6 .15,6 311, 8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-2 35, 6 0,6 10, 8 10, 8 35, 95. 930, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 21, 1 15, 245, 30, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50. 5 10, 10, 75, 8 25. 8 30, 90, blO 5, 1045, bll 13 p.m. a slood.ys only. b Saturdays only Sundays 7 35, 9 '?0 P.M 2 10. 6 30,7 15.1045 p.m. Iymm-7 48,8 32.9 14.9 54.11 3FI.M. 1 11. n 137. 25, 250, 330, 4 IS, b 5 31, 5 59, 6 41, 7 31, 9 43, 11 24 p.m. 8 Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Sundays 815 n.m. 2 25, 715 p.m. Manchester (Central)-6 0, 6 30, 7 30, 8 30. a 9 920,923, 10 5, 10 30, 10 35, 11 30 B.ZII. 12 no, 12 50, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 35, 5 30. 60. 6 30, 6 :i5„ 10/ 7 30, 850, 835, 9 20, 10 15, alO 50, 11 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sunda 8 30, 95, 9 30, 10 50 a.m. 1 40. 20.2 5, 5 40, 35, S 19,9 40 p.m. MancheAter (London Road.-7 5,7 50,9 25. 1030, a.m. 12 20, 15,2 0, 2 55. 3 40, a 5 0,•5 20, 65, 6 55, 95, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Moore-6 33.9 6,11 9 a.m. 12 32, a 3 1, 4 8,4 55, 733 p.m. Sundays 818 a:tu. 458 p.m, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only. , Newton-le-Willows- 6 55, 7,20, 842,. 97, 929, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 1235.' al 5, al 28, 1 44, 37, 4 48, 55, 5 38, 549,627.730,83, 931, 103, 114, all5l p.m. Sundays 830. 950, 10 0 A.M. 340, 7 20, 11 7p m. a Saturdays only. Padgate-6 30, 6 58, 7 55, 8 29,9 0. 103 a.m. 1 20. 2 0, 5 5, 6 18, 7 5, 96, 10 25, 11 32 p.m. Sundays 8 52, 11 14 a.m. 2 33,9 12, 10 14 p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14, 3 7,4 40, 5 41, 6 80,8 10, 10 10 p.m. Sankey-7 50, 8 27, 9 30, 10 19, 10 '55 a.m. 12 36 1 32, 1 40, 2 35, 3 43, 4 35, 5 25. 5 39, 625, 7 25, 8 54, 9 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 4 8,8 28, p.m.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
Sankey Flridaes-7 13, 945 a.m. 12 7, 28, 331 58,66,7 2, 9 18 pan. Sundays 8 26 a.m. 31, 8 6

13. m. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-6 23, 6 30, 6 55, 8 0, 830, 91, 11 10, 20 Ft.lll. 10,1 32, l 55. 2 45, 250 4 27, 4 33, 525, 6 20, 6 55, 7 25, 50, 10 25, alO 45, all 35 p.m. Sundays 745, 750 a.m. 25, 6 55, 7 25, 95. a Saturdays only. Southport-8 0, 95, 10 15, 10 40,12 25, 1 30, 2 45, 4 5, 4 10, 5 25,7 15,8 5,a9 5,10 o.Sundays 9 0,20, 750, a Saturdays only. Thelwall-7 51, 836, 8 18, 9 58, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, al 41, 2 9, 255, 3 34, 4 22 b 5, 35,6 3,6 45, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. 2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-a2 $9, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17, 9 54, 100, 11 38 a.m. 125, 126, 2 30, 327, 4 20, 4 56, 520 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. Widnes (C.L.C.)-8 17, 9 20, 10 6, 10 45 1147, a.m. 12 25, 1 20, 2 25, 3 31, 4 25, 5 15, 6 15, 7 15, 8 20, 9 22, all 10 p.m. a Saturdays only. Widnes (L. and N.-W.)-7 2, 8 45, 9 34, 10 39, 11 55 a.m. 12 52, 22, 3 20, 358, 455, 5 55, 6 50,9 6, 11 6 p.m. Sundays 814 a.m. 2 50,7 54, 11 6 p.m.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

Fixtures and Scores for Season 1906-7.

WARRINGTON.

For Agst. Sep. 1. Leigh 8. Hull home 33 7 15. St. Helens away 19 10 22. Widnes 29. Broughton R. Oct. 6. Salford 13. Lancs. Cup Tie 20. Huddersfield home 50 3 27. Barrow 1... home 47 14 Nov. 3. Wigan home 12 5 10. Rochdale 17. Swinton home 24. Hunslet Dec. 1. Liverpool City home 8. Wigan away 15. Hunslet home 22. Leeds Xmas 25. Leigh home B.Day 26 Liverpool Chy., away 29. Bradford away Jan. 1. Runcorn home l „ 5. St. Helens home „ 12. Hall „ 19. Bradford home „ 26. Oldham Feb. 2. Widnes „ 9. Huddersfield „ 12. Halifax „ 16. Oldham „ 23. Mar. 2. Broughton Rangers home „ 9. Swinton „ 16. Cup Tie „ 23. Runcorn away G. Fri,. 29. Halifax Mar. 30. Rochdale home Apr. 1. Leeds

===== 0002601_19061110_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

1906. For Agst. Sept. 1 Oldham p, 8 Widnes away 3 11 „ 15 Widnes „ 22 Leigh „ 29 Swinton - 2 Oct. 6 St. Helens ~ 13 Widnes away 14 5 Nov. 3 Salford „ 10 Wigan. away ~ 17 Liverpool City „ 24 Barrow Dec. 1 Broughton Rangers away „ 8 Liverpool City „ 15 Swinton „ 22 Hull home „ 26 Oldham

29 Halifax Jan. 1 Warrington away „ 5 Morecambe away „ 19 Barrow - away „ 26 York Feb. 2 Hull , f 19 Leigh „ 16 York away „ 23 SL Helens home Mar. 2 Halifax „ 23 Warrington ..

29 Salford- away 30 Wigan April 1 Broughton Rangers home

, WIDNES. \ DOG. For Agst. Sept. 8 Runcorn home 11 3 „ 15 Runcorn „ 22 Warrington away 2 31 ~ 29 St. Helens home 11 5 Oct. 6 Rochdale Hornets away 0, 17 „ 13 Runcorn home 5 14 „ 20 Liverpool City home 37 , 4 .. 27 Wigan home 9 27 Nov. 3 St. Helens „ 10 Brighouse Rangers home i ~ 17 Dewsbury 24 Rochdale Hornets home Dec. 1 Leigh „ 8 Morecambe ~ 22 Barrow „ 29 Morecambe .. Jau. 5 Liverpool City home „ r ,Wigan „ 19 Dewsbury Feb. 2 Warrington „ 9 Brighouse Rangers away „ 16 Leigh „ 23 Barrow Mar. 2 Hull away „ 23 Liverpool City., ... away April 0 Ilull

===== 0002601_19061110_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

For Agst.

Sept. 1 Swinton home 6 10 „ 8 Rochdale Hornets home 27 6 „ 15 ' Warrington „ 22 Blrrow away 3 31 „) 29 Widnes away 5 11 Oct. 6 Runcorn „ 13 Oldham „ 20 Pontefract „ 27 Leigh Nov. 3 Widnes home 10 7 „ 10 Salford away „ 17 Morecambe home „ 24 Brighouse Rangers away Dec. 1 Batley „ 15 Rochdale Hornets away „ 22 Broughton Rangers home 25 Liverpool City „ 20 Wigan Jan. 1 Batley home „ 5 Warrington away „ 12 Brighouse Rangers home 19 Leigh .211 Swinton .._ away

„ ",.. di.. ” Feb. 2 Broughton Rangers away „ 9 Pontefract , 16 Barrow home • 23 Runcorn Mar. 2 Salford „ 9 Morkambe away „ 29 Wigan ~ :',O Liverpool City

===== 0002601_19061110_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. J. HAVELOCK WILSON AND

MIDDLESBOROUGH.

A rumour has been in circulation in Middlesborough that as Mr. .1. Havelock Wilson, M.P., is a bankrupt, a bye-election will shortly occur in the division. An announcement on behalf of Mr. Wilson was published on Monday, in which it is pointed out that the receiving order' made against Mr. ..Wilson is not equivalent to an adjudication. Mr. Wilson met his reditors on November Ist, and offered them a composition of les. in the pound, and the meeting was adjourned for two weeks to allow the offer to. be submitted to the creditors through the Official Receiver in accordance with the requirements of the Bankruptcy Act. At the next meeting the offer will be considered by the creditors, and no adjudication can take place until December 14th.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
1906.

The Examiner, Saturday, November 10, 1906. _ SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS,'

Dalesale a wonderful waterproof of BonT„ , HARNESS. sot- -7 tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow polish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGH EST AWAEDS. Dubbin tins sd., 6d.,z,- d,2/6 0/ Root Makers, Saddlers, Ironmongers &c. Manntactory East Mthusa, Lander.

B

-4 Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1111(56 pills) & 219 (168 pills). f 04131 haiIiIiiiiiIIMIDIREIDWASII3IIIIIIIIIIIMIMOI

00

===== 0002601_19061110_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

------- THE ORIGINAL POULTRY BREED. 1 WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. It is a general belief among naturalists that FIRST DIVISION. the poultry of our farmyards originated from the P. W. L. D. For Agt. Pte. jungle fowl of India. This was the conclusion Orford Barracks arrived at by Darwin in his. "Animals and Latchford Christ Church Plants under Domestication." Since the year Castner Kellner 1903 the India Poultry Club of Ceylen has been Rylands A.F.O 9 3 5 1 9 11 7 trying experiments bearing on this question. Warrington Albions They have sucoeeded in matching the jungle Oughtrington Park 3 3 0 0 10 2 6 fowls with the domestic breeds, and have raised Palatine 7 3 4 0 9 9 6 hybrids between them. These hybrids, it is St. Barnabas 5 2 2 1 7 5 5 fOund, will breed with either the jungle fowls or Tbelwall 5 1 2 2 6 10 4 the domestic breed. They were, however, found Halton Villa 7 1 5 1 5 13 3 to be sterile, inter se. So far, then, the experi- Golborne meets have not yet decisively answered the SECOND DIVISION. question—Did our domestic breeds of poultry Latchford Crescent 9 6 1 2, 27 8 14 originate in the jungle fowl of India? I Widnes St. Paul's _ _ _ _ . ..

' - St. Barnabas Reserve 8 5 1 2 14 5 12 THE "SAW" OF THE SAW-FISH., Halton A.F.C. The use and significance of that formidable. ' Castner Kellner Reserve Oughtrington Park Reserve 5 2 0 3 90 3 7 looking weapon, the " saw " of the saw-fish, ia Penketh Athletic 7 2 2 3 15 14 7 discussed in a "German Natural History Warrington St. Elphin's periodical. The author points out that the few Orford A. te.C. 9 2 4 3 13 ‘25 7 observers who have seen the animal living have Christ Church Reserve not apparently noticed the real use of the saw. 1 Albion Res. i A study of the contents of the stomach of the Warrington St. Paul's saw-fish, and the peculiar articulation of the Sankey St. Mary's 4 1 2 1 6 . 9 3 skull with the vertebral column, leacl to the Rylands Reserve 7 1 5 1 5 20 ,3 conclusion that the saw is used primarily for Daresbury 8 0 7 1 , 6 32 1 rapid grubbing and burrowing in the mud and Matches for November 10th. gravel. A secondary use may be protective, 1 • but there is no evidence that the saw is used se Albions v. Halton Villa referee, J. Lloyd. a weapon for ramming. Albert Gunther, in an ! Orford Barracks v. St. Villa, referee,T. Worrall. article on the Rays, to which group the saw- Palatine v. Castner Kellner, referee, J. Mather. 1 fish belong, says: "The saw is a most formid- Rylands v. Thelwall, referee, IV. H. Crowther. ' able weapon of offence, by means of which the Christ Church Res. v. Widnes St. Paul's, referee, C. fish tears pieces of flesh off the body of it vic- T. Cox. tim, or rips open its abdomen, to feed on the St. Elphin's v. Rylands Res. referee, J. R. Davies. protruding intestines." "Saws" 6ft. long and Oughtrington Park Res. v. Orford, referee, G. Evison. lft. broad at the base are of common occurrence, , Castner Kellner Res. v. Latchford Crescent, referee, , C. Taylor. i St Barnabas Res v Daresbury, referee F. Clegg.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, ETC.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
A STRAYED COMET FOUND

Penketh v. Sankey St. Mary's,— referee, L. Riley. The rediscovery of , Finlay's comet with the ' Results for November 3rd. telescope of the Kcenigstuhl Observatory on the Orford 1, Halton 1. night of July 16th, 1906, was effected in an un- Daresbury 0, St. Elphin's 0. usual manner, and it recalls the original dis- Widnes St. Paul's 4, Warrington St. Paul's 0. covery of the planet Neptune, since, like that, Latchford Crescents 2, St. Barnabas Res. 0. it was the direct result of a preceding mathe- matical calculation intended to disclose the whereabouts in space of an invisible body—in- visible, that is to say, except in a telescope pointed directly at it. This comet, first seen in --- 1886, and reobserved upon its return in 1893, The fashion of copying out recipes in a book kept was missed -in 1900, when it should again have for the purpose has long since died out. Recipes, been visible. Another return was known to be now-a-days, are scattered, broadcast through the pages due in 1906, but the comet did not appear when of newspapers and magazines. We housewives generally and where it was looked for. The German read, mark, and criticise them ; finally—quite by astronomer, L. Schulhof, knowing that the . comet must have experienced a disturbance by accident—we lose them. ! Everybody kngws that the greatest favourities among the planet Jupiter; calculated so accurately the recipes have, for a long time past, been those dealing results of this disturbance that he was able to with Currant Cookery. These formulte are among the indicate to the observers at Kcenigstuhl the part of the sky where the comet should be favoured few which we have read, marked, criticised— visible. They looked in that direction, and and finally cut out and pasted in a reference book. Keep ae- all these cuttings—they will still come in handy—but tually found the little wanderer near the point add to them a little book—" Currants: Few Recipes," iihat Schulhof had indicated, with which your grocer will present you. This little volume claims to be an exposition of common-sense Currant Cookery. Get a copy and appraise it yourself.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
VOLATILISING PHOSPHORUS FROM PHOSPHORIC ACID.

Phosphoric acid and the metallic phosphates are generally regarded as being very refractory substances, which resist the action of powerful reducing agents even at fairly high tempera- tures, but Messrs. Janna.sch and Heimann, in a sommunication to the Berichte, have shewn that the whole of the phosphorus of phosphoric acid or a phosphate can be rendered volatile at a temperature below the melting point of glass. This operation is carried out by mixing the phosphate with a solution of cane sugar in mode- rately strong sulphuric acid. On warming, car- bon separates in a very finely divided form, and the mixture is then gently heated in a stream of chlorine, and ultimately, when the fesidue is dry, it is burnt at the same temperature in a current of oxygen. As a result of these re- actions all the phosphorus is carried over in the distillate, and may be obtained in the form of pure phosphoric acid by passing the volatile products into nitric acid. This process, when sufficiently simplified, should prove useful in the analysis of basic slag and other commercially important phosphates.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MYSTERY OF MIGRATION.

Migration is still one of the great mysteries of Nature. In the case of the birds, indeed, it is thought to be partly explained by the assump- tions that the old ltrds lead the way, and that they travel by old land connections. As a matter 'of fact, however, says the Globe, recent researches on bird migration shew that the young migrate apart from the old and that they do not confine themselves to the lines of old land conections. And in the case of other migrations, the suggestion could never be made, for no individual makes the journey more than once. This is the case, for example, with the Norwegian lemming. A-t certain seasons im- mense numbers of these small rodents leave the mountains and journey westwards. Their migra- tion ends in the sea, where they are drowned. And then there is the case of the eel. There are no old eels that have been to sea before to lead the way, for no eel returns again to fresh water. ,In the case of the eel living in the river, of course, it has simply to journey down the river till it reaches.the sea. But there are eels living in various ponds .and ditches, and these have to leave the water and travel across country to the nearest stream. And when the yount• eels come back they find their way not only up the streams, but also across country to the ponds and ditches.. LIGHTNING & LIGHTNING CONDUCTORS. Major Cooper-Key's report on the Sedgwick Gunpowder Mill explosion contains some in- teresting remarks on the protection of build- ings, and especially of explosive factories, from lightning. The report shewed that three build- ings were exploded simultaneously by three separate strokes from the same flash of light- ning. Commenting on this, tbe inspector says a flash of lightning may pass between the clouds and the earth owing to two distinct causes, or rather to two essentially different methods of re- establishing electrical equilibrium. There is the ordinary case in which an electrified cloud in- duces so great a change of opposite sign on the surface of the earth that the intervening resist- ance is overcome by the tension and a spark paPers, and there is the case whore a second cloud is situated between the original cloud and the earth in such a manner that when a spark passes between the two clouds the repelled charge on the underside of the lower cloud is at once set free, and overflows to earth, so to speak. in an overwhelming and comparatively uncontrollable torrent, which often splits up and goes to earth by several different paths simultaneously. The first class is best dealt with by the principle of silent discharge—and it is/ considerably more satisfactory to restore elec- trical equilibrium without violence as much as possible. The second kind of discharge is much more difficult to deal with, for there is no time for preparation. Nothing short of complete en- casement in metal seems to

PROVIDE ABSOLUTE SAPETT for any building. Major Cardew, the late electrical adviser of the Board of Trade, elaborated a scheme for the protection of nitro-glycerine factories in the Transvaal. He iiroposed to place hollow iron pillars at intervals all round the buildings to a height of 401 t., and their lower ends buried about 10ft, deep in the ground. Inside these pillars were to be perforated water-pipes to drench the pillars and the ground underneath. He advised that all buildings should be made of galvanised iron, but, failing that, they should have suspended over them iron netting fastened to the pillars, (End having good electric contact therewith. All water-pipes and masses of metal within the buildings should be connected with the outside system, so that in these masses of metal no charge may be Produced inductively. Everything shbuld be well "earthed." Major Cardew's system, with a little modifica- tion, has been in use eat the Modderfontein Dynamite Factory for some time. Twice has

===== 0002601_19061110_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
LIGHTNING GOT' PAST

the out defences, and discharged within the building, but on both occasions the lightning seems to have struck a pipe outside the protec- ted area, and followed it into the building, thus shewing the importance of insulating all the pipes thoroughly from the actual walls and machinery. Two or more well-earthed conduc- tors should be raised, as high as practicable, a yard or two away from the actual building, or on the screening mounds if these be provided. These should b: connected near their upper ter- minals by means of barked-wire cables. If the conductors are actually in contact with the bild- ing there is an increased risk of a portion of the flash seeking an alternative path. The above principles' are accepted, says Major Cooper-Key, by most modern authorities, but the question has arisen lately as to whether copper or iron is

===== 0002601_19061110_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BETTER METAL

for use as a conductor. To the uninitiated the high conductivity of copper would seem to de- fend its superiority; but Sir Oliver Lodge main- tains that that very conductivity is a defect in that the electric energy is thus dissipated so sud- denly. Iron, on the other hand, from its higher self-inductive properties and consequent loss of conductivity, absorbs the energy gradually, and dissipates it with tar less tendency to " surging -n and 'side-flash." On the other hand, the cables of copper and iron necessary to carry. a lightning charge must have respectively a weight of Oort sad 211 b. per foot. _

JOHN WALKER & CO., EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
A BOOK TO KEEP.

SYAINGTONS'

• REA7.ISe SUBS ri rt./res. SOLD BYALL CHEHISTS THROuZnOUT GREAT BRIT,OrI E. THE GOLOHIE!

===== 0002601_19061110_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
, VARICOSE VEINS

Elastic Stockings, Bandages, &c. entirely ded.

treatment.

lIENT

After Treat

Since the invention of the above Patent,.Varicose Ve,ns can nr.w be absolutely cured. By the use of Leg Ambient s relief and comfort is assured at once; and as each pair is specially made from your own measurement, a rerfect Et 'is guaranteed. No elastic whatever is used, so that they cannot become baggy and useless. The pressure is ad- justable. one pair will outlast ten pairs of elastic stockings, and will do more good in a few weeks than an unlimited quantity of elastic articles could possibly do in a lifetime. rrice 5,5 each, or 10/6 per pair. • et Chart, &e., for Self-3feetxurenint trill be sst on receipt of addeeste I envelope.

AMBIENT CO.', 188 Green Lane BIRMINGHAM.

'..' \ ,it_ '',. • ~ le:, •r, ~,,,, ' superse ,•'' `'S, ;6' '' • rl*:- LE --' ' %\S• AMB (Pat, ' Before i

•• ' S • • tment.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
o

401,*

===== 0002601_19061110_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
ENSONS

Proof—Editora Of llaclnfr World'. and

• IV ilTning Post.'

26..Certoss. Won ICO to S

25.. T ebNs orth Won 20 to 1

2 i..Padrote Won 6 to 1 23.. P rodigy Third 160 to 12 22..Picchy.Boy_ Won

20—Arizona IL Won 100 to 7 19—Exchequer Won 10 to 1 18..Dcsca Second 7 to 1

17.. Sardo;lil: Filly Won

10 to 1 Dune Won

15—Gruinard yuplaced

6 to 1 13—Criukles Second

10 to 1 12—Tamaslia Won

7 to 1 11.:1orth Deighton stO 1 4 Won 111-Allargne Ikad•heat 10 to 1 9-Earlaton Won 10 to 1

S..Myles---N;aoppaleen 4 to 1 Won 6—Cordon Bleu Third

5-Li Ifun-g.

4..Lady-SWoMberg lOtol Won 3.. Touchstone Junior -

11 to 4 Third It is ecipally as success- ful Over the Sticks.' Send stainped Address for List of Winners, etc., to Date.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19061110_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RACING ADVISER

FREE. CONTAINS particulars of System of betting in racing that is a guaranteed Winning System, proof being the fact that all Racing Ex- perts a cknowleage it to ne Un- beatable. With a Level Stake Spitem shows yearly profit of from k 100 to poOlast few years

Space forbids more - System indicated appended list the three weeks previous to Oct. 7, date of, sending advert. Tre reason of Backers mostly com- ing to Grief is that they back Horses, the Success of the Bookmaker :s cue to support- ing Figures. This System is a Combina- tion of Horses and Figures, and is a Guaranteed Win- ning System. It is not I ollow ng favour.tes and douchug to recoup losses, or second tavourites, )ockey's mounts, ito Conditiol cessary, Capital at out 2(1/- up. wards, fixed Level Stake. bookmaker, and racing pro- gramme. To introdute one fair ous Guinea Newmarket Field and Marine Glasses, bto 12 'Mks range, achromatic lenses, Sc. (which ailgoodrportsmen need) now reauc,il for a limited time to 15/6, we will give the above System Free to Purchasers. [1 A GUARANTEED AND FAIR OFFUR,

If the list of Winners, kc., we advertise were not indkatcd by this System we will return the 15/6 in full, and make gou a present of the Glasses. Tbkev.dvantage of this Offer at once and tend 15,6 P.O. to

ME. C. THOMPSON, k .8 Gibson Street, LEEDS.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

ACCOUNT BOOKS, TICKET BOOKS,

FOOTBALL FIXTLIRES, CRICKET FIXTURES.

EVERY DESCRIPTION OP PRINTING-

EXECUTED AT SHORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

===== 0002601_19061110_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
MARCONI

says:

"So far as its mechanical is concerned, I do not see that COLUMBIA

GRAPII-O-PIE

can be improved."

Do you possess this wonderful instrument, which has evoked the interest and commendation of the greatest inventor of the day? 'There's nothing like it as a home entertainer. Send to-day to nearest branch for " PRICE BOOK 20," giving particulars of grill 'Cr and Disc Gra.ph-o-phones from a Guinea up. If your dealer doesn't take Easy Payments, write for our Instalment Terms.

Columbia Phonograph Mpg., GEN L,

Creators of the Talking Machine Industry, 64/66, Oxford Street, LONDON, W. GLASGOW: 50, Union Street. CARDIFF: 96, St. Mary Street. MANCHESTER : 54, Market Street. Dealers everywhere.

Grand Prises, Paris, Si. Louis and Milan.

010 48-t:‘, GRAP .oai. c=24 the 1

===== 0002601_19061110_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT: LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used in the Royal Lantdries. Should be used in every house. Once Cried, always wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, Is. It does not stick to spider-web-like materials. Bold everywhere in Packets at id., 3d., and 6d. each. _ PREPARED ONLY BY

T. CRITCALEV.—aIIernTai."i3LACKBri RN. 7. Whiteeroes Street, London, 11 0.

1;,......, ;,......, I le:N1 1 • VI, L; t'• , •,, 1 The

===== 0002601_19061110_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
RHEUMATISM CAN BE CURED.

GOWER'S GREEN PILLS

(Guaranteed Purely Vegetable).

A REAL REMEDY for RHEUMATISM, BACKACHE, SCIATICA, GOUT, LUMBAGO, CRAMPS, STIFFNESS OF JOINTS, KIDNEY Di:"ORDERS, DROPSICAL SWELLINGS, &a. These complaints cannot possibly exist where our Pills are used. These Pills consist of ingredients which ere absolutely unknown to the British Ptarmacopceia, and they defy analysis. 'They act directly on the organic and muscular parts of the body, and bring instant relief to painful muscles and joints.

BLISTERED LIKE :A HORSE.

A Manchester Hotel Proprietor testifies : " For four years I have been under the doctors for lumbav and backache without obtaining relief, even though, as a last resort one of them blistered me like a horse,without confer:- in gbenefit. This was the last ettaw and for some time I declined all treatment In d.sgust, until my wife insisted on me taking your Pills. which I reluctantly did. After caking I box one could straighten my back without pain for U., first time In five years, Ind three boxes comrietely cured me."

Write for the address of this hotel proprietor. 2s. 9d. per box, from GOWER'S GRhEN PILL CO. 189. Princess-street, Manchester. During this month, by mentioning this paper, we w send a 21. 9d. box post free for P 0. Is. 61.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

ELEPHONE 0. d.

PRINTING.

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern on blue, white, or fancy paper.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
cIRCLARS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the beet workmanship.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRAMMES for Entertainment=, Concerts act.. in the latest artistic! style.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIP, lON BOOKS, Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
ANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HI MN PfASPERSF fofr.vaSice hiools, Sermons, Services

===== 0002601_19061110_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
CATALOGUEE or Public and Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradtamen.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
pRICi LIS fS Printed on card or paper 111 u trated, if required.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS.

Attention is invited to our Ntsl7 FOUITIS OF TYPIi

and WOOD LIITTE for Large Posters. FOR ALL KINDS OF NEAT 'FOSTERS EXTRA LARGE SIZE.

40 x 60 One Sheet.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS

IN THE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING.

ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHIN

JOHN WALKER AND 00 "EXAMINER" OFFICE.

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19061110_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYORALTY.

• ELECTION OF ALDERMAN SMETHURST.

Aldermen and Committees.

THE PUBLICATION OF COUNCIL BUSINESS.

Alderman James Smethurst was at a meeting of the Town Council held at noon yesterday unanimously elected Mayor of the Borough. Considerable interest centred in the proceedings and there was a large attendance of Councillors and members of the general public. The retiring Mayor (Alderman Bolton) presided at the opening of the meeting and there were also present :—Aldermen Tinnion, Pierpoint,Bennett, Evans, Francomb ; Councillors Fulton Smith, Evans, Skelland, Chantler, Sankey, Ashcroft, Wilding, Stott, Cunnington, Ellison, Ball, Steel, Lord, Craik, Clegg, Dr. Joseph, Barton, Duncan,Burton, Toole, Benson, Wilson ; Messrs. J. Lyon Whittle (Town Clerk), A. T. Holloway (deputy Town Clerk), J. Dens (water engineer), J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer) J. G. Gornall (medical officer of health), J. Moore Murray (director of Education), and G. F. F. White (magistrates' cleik). Among the visitors present were Mrs. Smethurst, Mrs. Bolton, Rev. W. Bracecamp, Messrs. John White, Robert Pierpoint, and J. H. Smethurst

THE NEW MAYOR.

Alderman FRANCOME said he had very great pleasure in proposing : "That James Smethurst, Esq., one of, the aldermen of this borough, be and he is hereby I elected Mayor for the ensuing year and until the accept- ance of office by his successor." He need not say that Alderman Smethurst had done all in his power during the many years he had been in the Council and the time he had filled the office of Alderman, to give perfect satis- faction and to further the interests of the town. He believed Alderman Smethurst would devote as much time as possible to the duties of his office and that at the end of the year he would have given everybody perfect satisfaction. (Applause.) Alderman Traszoe seconded and said he did so with very great personal pleasure. He thought the position of Mayor of this Borough at the present time was one of vast importance to the whole interests of the rate- payers, of the town, and of the Council. He also thought Alderman Smethurst's election would be a very fitting reward for the great ser- vices he had rendered to the town through the Council and by his association with every local institution, going back for over thirty years, which had had for its object the improvement and betterment and the making happier the conditions of the people of Warrington. (Hear, hear.) They all knew Alderman Smethurst, and they all knew his work, and he felt sure that the Council in electing him to the position would give entire satisfaction to the rate- payers and the townspeople generally. Unfortunately Alderman Smethurst suffered from a very high nervous temperament and it had been said to him (Alderman Tinnion) that probably that fact, would be taken advantage of by some members of the CounciL (Cries of "No.') He (Alderman Tinnion) had always said "No" to that statement, The members of the Council while recognising Alderman Smetnurst's ability would also sympathise with him in any difficulty he might have to overcome through his highly sensitive and highly strung nature and he felt sure the appointment would be the means of every member trying to do his best to smooth away all difficulties and remove all the troubles of the past, if it were possible and he thought it was. If that were the result of their action, he felt sure it would be a great boon and benefit to the Borough. (Applause.) Alderman BENNETT supported and said he had a very high opinion of Alderman Smethurst's qualities. In connection with the work of the town he had given unstintedly of his services in the Council and in many other capacities. On more than one occasion he had headed the list of attendances with the exception of the Mayor for the time being, and no trouble seemed to have been too great for him to undertake if he felt he was doing anything for the benefit of the town. He had • taken particular pride and pleasure in the work of the elec- tricity and tramways commit,tee,and it would be common knowledge to the ratepayers how sedulous he had been to work those great undertakings to the advantage of the town, and that he had assisted to turn a loss into a profit. He had always been willing to do what he could to promote any good cause, and was in the forefront of movements for the prosperity of the municipality. The position of Mayor was no bed of roses ; it was difficult and troublesome. They had been going through anxious , times, and any man who undertook the duties was deserving of the best wishes of the town, and was entitled to every credit for the work he did. He felt confident that Alderman Smethurst would occupy the position with dignity, ability and impartiality, and that in Mrs. Smethurst he would have an efficient and popular help-meet. (Applause). Councillor PEMBERTON supported and said that so far as he and those associated with him were concerned they would give Alderman Smethurst every assistance in their power. He had served under Alderman Smethurst on the Tramways Committee and the alder- man had always treated that committee in a fair and proper manner. If he did the same as Chairman of the Council, he would receive all the support he (the speaker) could give him. The great point was for the Cbairman to be impartial. Councillor TOOLS said he could assure the Council that it would give the greatest pleasure to the body of which he was a member that Alderman Smethurst should attain the highest office that could be conferred upon him by his fellow townsmen. (Applause.) The resolution was heartily agreed to. The proposer and seconder then adjourned to the Mayor's parlour to inform Alderman Sfuelhurst of the decision of the Council. A few minutes later Alderman Smethurst, wearing the Mayoral robes and chain, entered the Council Chamber and took the chair amid applause. Having made the customary declaration of acceptance of office the Mayor addressed the Council as follows : Mr. Alderman Francomb, Mr. Alderman Tinnion, Alder- man Bennett, Councillor Pemberton, Councillor Toole, and gentlemen,—I cannot disguise from you the great sense of responsibility which I feel in accepting the office of Mayor of this important town. lam sore you will make all allowance for the very trying circum- stances with which lam faced. It is no light matter for a young and vigorous man to sit in this chair and to take upon himself the duties and the office of Mayor, and, having regard to my years, I must ask for your forbearance, not only at the present moment but during my year of office. I must thank you very warmly for your unanimons vote, and for the honour you have conferred upon me. It is an honour which T and my family will prize more than any other, and we shall regard it as the greatest honour which can be bestowed upon a citizen by his fellow townsmen. (Applause). While Warrington is not my native town I have lived so long among you as to be entitled to call myself a Warringtonian, and I have grown to love the town of my adoption, I believe, as much as any of those who had the privilege of being born in the town. It is 15 years to-day since I entered the Council, and I have attended 2,1.88 times or 85 per cent. Council meetings; during nine years as magistrate, 893 ; Education Committee, 08: total, 3,157. Warring- ton has made great progress during the last few years. Since I have been a member of the Council the town has acquired its Waterworks,and it has established an Electri- city Works and its Tramway undertaking. The extension of the latter into the township of Stockton Heath has provided greater facilities between the two communi- ties. Warrington has during my time among you celebrated its 50th anniversary of incorporation, and has risen to the dignity of a county borough. (Applause.) There is scarcely a town more fully equipped in municipal undertakings than Warrington, yet we are all aware that there is still much to be done in the widening of its main streets, the extension of its tramways and electric lighting, and better means of access between the parts severed by the Mersey. I have, as you are aware, taken an active • part in an endeavour to widen Warrington Bridge and I hope the Council will soon determine whether this improvement should be effected by means of canti- levers or a new bridge. As we all know, there is great need for a new bridge across the Mersey at Howley, giving access to 'Victoria Park, and which will be a reat boon to the people, especially the children, living g in the Howley district. The benefit of such a bridge can readily be realised when you consider that it would save a mile and a half as between Black Bear Bridge and the Parish Church. lam also of opinion that a new bridge across the river diversion near the Stag Bridge would not only greatly relieve Wilderspool-causeway and Chester-road,but would tend to develop the whole of Arpley meadows for building purposes. You are aware that a new system of bridge construction has been perfected during the last few years and that good substantial bridges can be built by this method at about one-third the cost of an iron bridge. I must refer. but I do 40 with great reluctance, to the manner in which the proceedings of the CounMl have, during the last two or three years been conducted. A good deal of personal feeling has been unnecessarily intro- duced into the debates, and I express the earnest hope that the members of the Council should now endeavour to pull together with one accord so as to serve the hest interests of the town. T also hope that an earnest endeavour will be made to settle speedily the two or three outstanding disputes which have given rise to a good deal of personal rancour, and that when these matters are disposed of that the members of the Council will, with me, endeavour to conduct the business of the town with better feeling, and that we should join together in furthering the interests of the town in an efficient and at the same time economical manner. armin thank you, gentlemen, for your kindness, if it is a kindness, in electing me to the office of Mayor. I can only promise that with God's help and your assistance I will endeavour to conduct the business of this Council in a fair and impartial manner, (Applauss).

THE DEPUTY MAYOR.

The Mayor then nominated Alderman Bolton to act as his deputy during the ensuing year.

- - MAYOR'S CHAPLAIN. The Mayor appointed the Rel.t. William Bracecamp, vicar of St. Paul's, as his chaplain.

ALDERMEN AND CONIMMES.

The next business was the adoption of the Standing Orders for the regulation of the proceedings of the Council and for the government of-committees. Alderman TINNION poved an amendment to the Standing Order dealirtil with the constitution of the committees,to the effect that a new regulation that not more than three aldermen be elected on one committee, be deleted. It might be said that he objected because he was an alderman. (Councillor PEMBERTON : Hear, hear.) He knew someone would say" Hear, hear "and commit themselves. (Laughter.) He objected to the alteration on principle—a word which was often misused in that Council—and if he had only been an ordinary Councillor he would have objected. Every member, whether a councillor or an alderman, had a perfect right to sit on as many committees as he could with advantage to the Council devote his time and abilities to. The effect of the new Sanding orders had been a sweeping change, and he said deliberately that it had not been to the advantage of the composition of the various committees. Men had been knocked off simply because they were aldermen. For instance, Alderman Pierpoint was removed from committees wholesale, and the ex-Mayor and others were similarly treated.

- Alderman BENNETT seconded. He had the mis- fortune to be an alderman—at least he was inclined to regard it as a misfortune, because the fact of holding the position exposed one to taunts which e- times undeserved. He considered that the adoption of the new standing order would be a very serious mistake. Only one principle ought to be present in their minds, and that was as to whether the men selected for the committees were the most qualified to render efficient service. Whatever their other claims or abilities might be, the aldermen had more experience than the other members of the Council and that was certainly an important factor in the successful management of rauniciral undertakings. Then they were also able to look at things with a certain amount of impartiality which was not always possible to a Councillor. He believed in democratic government and in obeying the wishes of the people, but the wishes of the people were sometimes only partially and temporarily expressed through cliques or in the mere heat of the moment. The member who had to rely for his position upon votes might not always be capable of looking at matters with the impartiality that was possible to an Alderman. Much had been said as to the necessity of aldermen going before the ratepayers periodically, and he con- sidered that while there was a great deal to be said for that course there were also arguments on the other side. Councillor Dr. JosEett agreed that every man should be taken on his merits in electing the committees. He did not, however, concur with Alderman Bennett that Councillors were more apt to be mere puppets of public opinion and pander to the wishes of constituents. He for one, and he thought many other Councillors, would assert their independence of mind and opinion as long as they felt they were doing right. Councillor LORD said he was responsible for the standing order and he considered that ample provision had been made for the aldermen on the committees. Considering that only nine of the thirty-six members of the Council were aldermen, he thought three was a very fair representation. Larger towns than Warring- ton had adopted a similar rule and found it to work well. There had been some awful blundering and mis- management in the past. fre was not going to blame the aldermen for it—he did not know whether they were altogether to blame. Alderman TINNION : I repudiate it as an Alderman, absolutely. Councillor PEMBERTON : Oh, you will do. Councillor LORD : It does not redound to the credit of some of the past governors of Warrington,and I shall stand by the Standing Order as proposed. Councillor PEMBERTON pointed out that even the House of Commons had to bow to public control and there was not the slightest doubt that psblic opinion was tending in the direction of doing away with Alder- men altogether. Aldermen had not been elected by merit in the past. Alderman TINNION : Some of them. (Laughter). ' Councillor PEMBERTON said it did not follow that because a man was an Alderman he was the best fitted for committee work. Judging by their attendances, it would appear that some Aldermen did not care about being on committees. They had more than a fourth of representation and that ought to be quite sufficient. It did not follow that a new-comer to the Council would be the biggest dunce in municipal matters, but yet it was the custom to place new members on such com- mittees as the Fire Engine Committee or Cemetery Committee. (Laughter.) Continuing, he said the attendances were the great factor in deciding who should be struck off the committees. Alderman Bolton supported the amendment. The purpose of the new standing order was to unseat some members who knew more of the work than the men who wanted to replace them. (" Question.") The standing order acted unfairly for the important committees on which the Alderman were placed were generally served by those who understood the work best. Did Coun- cillor Pemberton say that his (Alderman Bolton's) attendances were not satisfactory ? Councillor PEMBERTON. I did not mention you specifically. Alderman BOLTON: My attendances on the Watch Committee are greater than anyone else's,and on several other committees also. So far as my position is con- cerned it means that I shall simply have to attend here about half an hour a month on the Rivers Committee and an hour on the Town Hall Committee. Do you think that is sufficient for the services I ought to render the town, if I want to do more? Continuing Alderman Bolton contended that the reason for his exclusion from committees was so that he could not supervise things. He had seen members who had gone there ffora spleen and had kept the committee waiting for an hour simply because they did not agree with what was being done. He hoped the Council would rise above cliques and say distinctly that men who had served them well ought to be trusted again. Both Alderman Pierpoint and Alderman Fairclough who had been struck off some committees, had worked very hard. The Aldermen took the lead and bore the brunt of the battle and he objected to the "tail enders " trying to lead the Council and to sweep men off the committees who could criticise them and watch their actions. Councillor STOTT supported the amendment. Whilst he agreed with the principle of the resolution he thought it went too far. He would agree to not more than four Aldermen being on any one committee. It seemed to him that to take old members of 16 or 17 years standing off important committees and replace them by new members of the Council was hardly wise as the new members could not possibly be a.s qualified as those who had had great experience. Councillor TooLE and Councillor FULTON SMITH also supported the amendment. Councillor EVANS said that whilst the resolution was hardly the wisest they could adopt, he thought some sensible decision could be come to, and therefore he supported it at the caucus meeting. He thought they must have the fittest man for the fittest place, irrespec- tive of whether he was an Alderman or not, if the efficiency of the Council was to be maintained. Councillor BaLL objected to the minute as being unnecessary. It was quite open to tha Council to change the constitution of the committees at any time by refus- ing to elect whoever they wanted to leave off. The voting resulted as follows : FOR THE AMENDMENT. AGAINST. The Mayor._

Aldermen Bolton. Alderman Pierpoint. Bennett, Councillors Evans. Francomb. ft Barton. Tinniou. ft Skelland. If Evans, Ashcroft. Forshaw. Wilding, Councillors Clegg. PI Dickinson. Toole. Cunnington. Wilkinson. Lord. .• Fulton Smith. Pemberton. Neild. Benson-11. Sankey. Ellison. Duncan. Dr. Joseph. • Steel. 9, Wilson-19. Majority S. Councillor LORD then moved as a further amendment that the standing order read 4 Aldermen instead of 3. Councillor WILDING seconded. The amendment was defeated by 19 votes to 14. Councillor SrorT moved as an addition to the Standing Order regulating the filling af casual vacancies on committees " That any member of the Council may move an amendment to substitute the name of another member of the Couneil for the one recommended." His motion was, he said, with the object of preventing the Chairman or two or three members of a committee filling vacancies which might arise from time to time. It had been said that some committees were family concerns and that the Chairman and Deputy Chairman made selections from the Council not from the stand- I point of experience and ability. Alderman TiTsioN seconded. He thought it desirable for everyone to have a voice in the appointments. Councillor LORD agreed with the amendment though he thought that all vacancies should be notified to the Council and filled by the Council. The amendment found a strong 'supporter in Coun- cillor Dr. Joseph who complained that he was a mem- ber of the Council for six months before he was put upon any Committee, fie thought there was .something wrong when such as that was possible. The amendment was approved. Alderman TINSION criticised the Standing Order that in future printed copies of the minutes be given only to the members of the Council and the officials. He did not think that wise. The newspapers would not get the agenda paper and would have to fish. Some already knew how to fish whilst others could learn. It was felt, however, that the proposal should be given a trial, and it was approved. THE CONSTITUTION OF COMNIITTEES. The Council then proceeded to elect the varions corn= mittees. The MAYOR moved that Aldermen Smethurst and Tinnion, and Councillors Barton, Burton, Craik,

===== 0002601_19061110_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19061110_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IF

===== 0002601_19061110_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, November 10, 1906. NEW BOOKS.

) Evans, Ellison, Pemberton, Sankey and Wilkinson con- i „ Nield. stitute the Watch Committee. „ 'Sankey. Counciilor BURTON said that when he left the caucus I „ Ball. meeting of the Council he was under the impression that I „ Wilson. Alderman Bolton was on the committee. He objected , f Steel. to a certain class—he was not going to say which— „ Duncan. being on the committee. He admired the way in which „ Ellison-14. Alderman Bolton had worked on the Watch Committee, i The Mayor was re-elected the represents- and would retire from the Committee in his favour. . the on the Lancashire Inebriates' .Acts Board, and .

Pemberton. „ Benson. ~ Skelland-10,

Councillor EVANS said that rather than the friction should continue he would retire himself. He would

Alderman Bennett was re-appointed the represeniative on the County Rate Joint Committee.

certainly retire before he would allow Counalor Burton to do so.

Councillors Clegg, Lord and Toole were appointed representative_m.embers of the Education Committee,

Alderman PIERPOINT: I should like to know who whilst Mr. C. H. Ellsworth was re-elected a co-optative has taken upon themselves the duty of placing me upon member of the Education Committee, on the recom- the retired list. lam the oldest member of the Watch mendation of the association of Roman Catholic Committee. If mere attendance at Committee meet- elementary schools in the borough. lags is to count lam going to put an estimate upon Councillors Ball and Toole were appointed members my own ability. I consider that from every point of of the Distress Committee. view one attendance which I make is equal to any other Alderman SMETHURST announced that he would man's five. (Laughter.) I want to know who has attend Divine service at St. Paul's Church on Sunday placed me on the retired list. Having taken me off the morning, and invited the Council to accompany him. Watch Committee you can take me off every Committee The MAYOR'S expression of sympathy with Councillor of the Council. I shall not attend and will only Brongh and Alderman Fairclough in their illness was attend the meetings of the Council when it suits my heartily endorsed by the Council.

own purpose. Alderman BOLTON proposed the re-election of the old 1 1 Watchacommittee. They were men who were tried and ' true and who did not go on to the Committee for a particular purpose.' One member on the Committee was going there with the very purpose and intention of 1 Alderman Smethurst is one of those self-made men doing everything he could against a certain brewery , who nave worked their way to positions company. He failed to see that they would do any good by chopping and changing as was proposed. of public influence by dint of their own perseverance. Alderman FRSNCOMB seconded, and Councillor He was horn at Bolton on June 4th, 1837 WILKLNS6N supported the amendment. and on leaving school at an early age was Conncillor LORD : I ask Alderman Bolton for the apprenticed as an iron moulder to Messrs. Hick, name of the gentleman he referred to. It is a Hargreaves and Co., engineers. So well did he serve reflection upon the wholecommittee and the name ought the firm that on the expiration of his " time" they to be diuvlged. Continuing he said he would support presented him with £lO in recognition of his the committee as proposed by the Mayor. He did not " believe in extremists—either rabid teetotallers or valuable work. He remained with the firm until persons interested in the trade—being on the committee. he was twenty-five years of age, and, after He pressed for the name of the gentleman referred to some experience in brass fonnding, began business on by Alderman Bolton. his own account, about the year 1862, as a brass Alderman BOLTON: If the cap fits you can wear it. founAr. He came to Warrington in 1877 when he Councillor Loan: lam not on the committee. . Councillor Dr. JO4LPH said that even if a man was a ! purchased the business in Foundry-street which had teetotaller or a brewer he could be fair minded—(hear, been carried on under the name of " John Penketh hear)—and he did not think that should be taken into since 1725. Five years ago Mr. Smethurst retired in consideration at all. He had so altered his opinions favour of his only son, Mr. J. H. Smethurst. The since the caucus meeting. He seemed to be quite a new Mayor is a staunch Churchman and while in renegade but he desired to make amends and would Bolton he held the offices of sidesman and Vicar's support the amendment. 1 warden at Christ Church, superintendent of the Councillor PEA/BERTON said it seemed to him that Sunday school, teacher and sick visitor. It is gratify- some members of the Council had put their heads together since the caucus meeting. v ng to him to recall the fact that he was ~ i Councillor JOSEPH : I protest against the insinna_ instrumental in saving three lives after a boiler tion. • explosion and another after a gas explosion, and before Councillor PEMBERTON : And I protest against what he left to take up his residence in Warrington his Alderman Bolton says. It seems to me that one party Conservative friends expressed their esteem for him here can throw insinuations about without anything by presenting him with an illuminated address. being said. When lam hit I will hit back. I think Alderman Smethurst has played a prominent and Alderman Bolton's insinuation was quite uncalled for. ' useful part in tho public life of Warrington. He has It/was a deliberate insult for him to say anything of tile kind. Does he think that one man can make a been continuously a member of the Council since 1891, Committee do as he likes ? when he was elected for the Town Hall Ward. He

Alderman BOLTON : I never said so. He is rambling, had only once to go through a contest, his opponent Councillor PEMBERTON : It is Alderman Bolton who being Alderman William Pierpoint. He has been very is rambling. He made that assertion. I have not as much interest in getting on the Watch Committee as attentive to the duties of his office and has served on many committees. Latterly he has acted as Chairman Alderman Bolton his. Alderman Bolton is a brewer, and the police who have to regulate the public-houses - • of the Electricity and Tramways Committee and has are under the control of the committee. I have not one t in the workings of this taken a very deep interest penny interest in any public-house in Warrington. Is important undertaking. He has been a sturdy advo- Alderman Bolton frightened of me getting on the coin- ' cate of the widening of Warrington bridge by means mittee ? of cantilevers and succeeded in carrying his scheme at At this stage Councillor CRAIK moved the adjourn- a meeting of the Council after many warm debates. ment of the Council for an hour in order that they could He was appointed an alderman on December 2nd, have lunch, but on a vote being taken the proposal 1902, in succession to Alderman Henry Roberts, who was defeated and the business was continued. The To wx CLERK announced that the old Watch 'resigned, and another honour was conferred upon him in Committee was composed of Aldermen Bolton, Fair- 1897 when he was placed on the Commission of the Peace dough, Smethurst, Pierpoint and Pinnfon, Councillor ,by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancashire. Alder- Brough, Burton, Ellison, Sankey and Wilkinson. ;man Smethurst has long been identified with St. Paul's The amendment was then put to the vote and carried ; Church and has fulfilled the duties of warden. He has by a big majority, the voting being: for, Aldermen Bolton, Francomb, Tinnion, Bennett, Evans and For- taken a very active part in political work and has slum, Councillors Wilkinson, Fulton Smith, Burton, , . e s be en a member of the Conservative Club for many Neild, Sankey, Clegg', Toole Chantler, Wilson, Steel, years, joining it when the old premises in Academy- Ellison, Duncan, and Joseph ; against, Councillor street were in use. For some time he was Chairman of Pemberton, Lord, and Wilding. 4 : the Town Hall Conservative Ward Committee but re- From this stage the proceedings were for a time of a tired on succeeding to the aldermanic seat.He has served most harmonious character, several committees being on the Borough Education Committee and is a respected Freemason. A deserving institution of which he has They were: Finance and Estate Committee : ' 1 People's Aldermen Bennett, Fairclough, and Forshaw,Councillors ' always been a warm support er is th e Aged Ball, Clegg, Craik, Fulton Smith, Lord, Nield and Christmas Treat Committee and on the death of Alder- Wilkinson. , man Sutton he succeeded to the presidency. Alderman . - -

Street Improvement and Lighting Committee : ; Smethurst has been twice married, his present wife Aldermen Bennett and Pierpoint, Councillors Barton, being a daughter of the late Mr. James Hart, of Brough, Craik, Clegg, Evans, Pemberton, Wilding and Bolton. In succeeding to the highest office in the Wilkinson. Borough he will have the good wishes of the towns- Health Committee :—Alderman Tinnion, Councillors „o„1,,. Barton, Burton, Clegg, Evans, Dr. Joseph, Sankey, , 1----1-- Stott, Wilkinson and Wilson. Sanitary Works Committee :—Aldermen Evans, e. Smethurst and Tinnion, Councillors Evans, Dr. Joseph, Ball, Sankey, Steel, Stott and Wilson. STOCKTON HEATH. Pa7ing and Sewerage Committee : Aldermen Forshaw, Smethurst and Tinnion, Councillors Ashcroft, I i HILL CLIFFE AND STOCKTON HEATH UNITED BAND Burton, Craik, Evans, Pemberton, Stott and Wilkinson. ok. HOPE.—The second entertainment of the season was Museum Committee :—Alderman Bennett, Councillors held in Hill Cliffe schoolroom on Wednesday evening Barton, Benson, firough, Chantler, Ellison, Fulton- presided over by the Rev. J. S. Hughes, aho was sup- Smith, Neild, Pberton and Skelland ; Messrs. Robert ported on the platform by the Rev. J. F. Matthews,who Pierpoint, T.J. Ilidgway, T. May, J. F. Dutton. L. 1 in the course of an interesting address, appealed for Greening, A. J. Jolley, and J. Upson, and the Rev. i more educational work, such as scientific teaching, in Canon Morley Stevenson. • Cemetery Committtee :—Alderman Evans, Councillors I the Band of Hope, and also referred to the bright pros- Barton, Brough, Chantler. Clegg, Craik, Cunnington, . , Pacts of the Temperance Cause. uring the evening certificates of merit were awarded 0 G. A. Whitfield, Duncan. Skelland and Poole. At this stage a scene occurred. It' had been moved 'A. T. Hughes, and J. Forsyth, as the result of the that Aldermen Bolton. Pierpoint and Smethurst, and Competitive Examination promoted by the Lancashire and Cheshire Band of Hope Union held last week. A good Councillors Benson, Brough, Burton, Craik, Dickenson, Ellison and Evans constitute the Town Hall, Parks and programme consisting of songs, recitations, dialogues, , &c. was submitted, songs being given by E. Hughes, E. Baths Committee. Wh'itfleld, and D. Cain. The dialogue " Guy Fawkes ', Councillor PENIBERTON, without rising, suggested that Alderman Fairclough should be put on the Co- or "Barrels down Below " caused much amnsement Corn 1 whilst the dialogue " Marry no man if he drinks " by mittee. ! the senior members was also much enjoyed. Master G. Alderman BOLTON immediately called him to order. lA. Whitfield acted as accompanist. Councillor PEMBERTON : I have a perfect right to I speak. Alderman BOLTON: Then stand up and address the I . chair and don't be such a d— blackguard. (Sensation . and cri of " Order " " Withdraw.") Edelsten v. Corporation.—Date of Hearing. The iTOR : I' am sure Alderman Bolton will ' )f the Ch: ',lra . )tnlart

1 ---wi thdi I At a sitting ot ,ie siancery Court in Manchester on Alder. ... BOLTON hastened to do so and quietness 1 Monday' Mr. R. Lawrence mentioned the case of was again restored, the motion being approved. Edelsten v. the Councillors Ashcroft, Benson, Brough, Chantler, ' ' the plaintiff seeks to enforce the specific performance , Corporation of Warrington, in which Cunnington. Dickenson, Evans, Lord, Sankey and Toole of an agreement dated December 3rd, 1904. Mr. were elected to form the Markets Committee. 1 Lawrence pointed out that the case had been set down Councillor EVANS intimated his desire to withdraw for hearing at Liverpool next week, and ask-ed, for the from the Gas Committee in favour of Alderman Belton. convenience of Mr. Askwith, who was leading him, Councillor LORD : I am quite prepared to retire , whether the matter would be pieced in the list for the from the list in favour of Aldermen. Councillor Evans' retirement was accepted. Monday.—Mr. Deacon, who appeared on behalf of the Alderman BOLTON moved that Alderman Pierpoint i Corporation, stated that he had received further be added to the committee. allegations of the ratification of the contract on which Alderman SslETHlrgsr, to Councillor Lord : Am I ' the plaintiff was suing, and he was instructed to say to take your withdrawal as serious. I that the Corporation felt that they had not had Councillor LORD : My dear Mr. Mayor,/ am entirely suffi- cient time to prepare for the trial. They were also in your hands. I will do anything to please the Aldermen. I anxious to instruct leading counsel.—His Honour fixed It was decided to constitute the committee as follows: the 97th inst for the hearing of the action. Aldermen Evans, Fairclough, Tinnion, Bolton and Pierpoint, Councillors Duncan, Ellison, Sankey, Toole, and Wilkinson. Councillor Burtros : I move that the following DON'T DELAY IF YOU FEEL "OUT OF SORTS." unfortunate and dispised names form the Fire Engine Or if you have a friend whose constitution has been Committee : Councillors Ashcroft, Barton, Benson, weakened, whether by overwork of brain or body b y Burton, Claantler, Dickenson, Lord, Skelland, Stott and Wilson. exposure to the weather, by working long hour in, ' COLlaefflOr LORD : I notice that there are no Alder- ill-ventilated rooms, by recent sickness, or by any cause men on this Committee and have pleasure in moving tending to weaken the bodily powers ; in a word, if he , that Aldermen Bolton, Evans,Francomb and Tinnion be is one who suffers from any form of complaint which elected. Alderman EVANS : I am surprised at Councillor may be the result of any of the above or similar causes; if, for instance, you can see that he is troubled with I Lord proposing me. lam already on the requisite Indigestion, the bane of our Country and of modern number of committees, civilization; or, if you think he has Low Spirits, that Councillor Wirdsmos : I object to the proceedings sure sign of some Nervous Disorder, bringing in its , being turned into a farce. (Hear, hear.) train a host of other complaints such as Melancholy, Lassitude &c., or, perhaps, Neuralgia, and frequently, It is simply wasting time. i The MATort : And I object to anything of this kind Sleeplessness, wilt of itself is sufficient to weaken the Councillor PEMBERTON seconded the amendment. A t rongest constitution, and to make life a burdeu ; or, great deal had been said about Aldermen being on corn- if being free from these, he is regarded by his friends or mittees and there was an important committee without himself as being of a delicate constitution, subject to any. He thought Alderman Evans, with his special Bronchitis, Coughs, Colds, a tendency, to Consumption, engineering knowledge would be a very useful member or other Chest Affections, and if he, like thousands of and ought not to be allowed to refuse. I others, failed to get relief from other remedies,tell him All four Aldermen nominated by Councillor Lord he need not be disheartened, that there is one Remedy declined to serve, and Councillor Burton's motion was whose virtues are so great, that it has succeeded where approved, others have failed, and that there is hope he may be Aldermen Bolton, Evans, Francomb and Forshaw, and cured,as thousands of others have been cured before him Councillors Crailc, Duncan, Fulton-Smith, Lord, by making a sensible and timely use of Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. If your friend ' Pemberton and Stott were elected to the Water Corn- mittee, whilst Aldermen Evans and Tinnion, and Colin- then gives it a fair trial, he will be fully convinced, as cillors Clegg, Cunnington. Dickenson, Skellani, Toole, others have been, that this is the Best Remedy of The Age. You or your friend may ask " What is Gwilym and Wilson, and Messrs. Hugh Ferguson, T. Locker and Evans' Quinine Bitters ?" It is a Preparation now J. Upson were appointed as the Gymnasium Committee. Alderman BOLTON proposed that the name of Alder- extensively taken throughout the country by patients man Pierpoint be added to the Electricity and Tram- suffering from Debility, Nervonsness, and General ways Committee. ' It was pointed out that the Standing Orders would of this medicine has been sun- Exhaustion, and if any value be attached to human testimony, the eificacy cessfully'established. Its claims have been tested and not allow of my addition to the names of the Corn- mittee, and Aldermen Bolton, Evans and Smethurst, the medical profession and others, and corro- Ellison, Nield, proved by Councillors Ball. Clegg, Dr. Joseph, Pemberton and Wilkinson were elected. Quinine Bitters contain not only as Gwilym by the written testimonials of eminent men. . OTHER OFFICES. suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose, but the active • Alderman BENNETT moved the re-election of Alder- principles of the following well-known herbs— man Francomb as the representative of the Council on Sarsaparilla: Saffron, Gentian, Lavender, Burdock, the Lancashire Asylums Board. The fact that the and Dandelion. The use of Quinine is well kown Board had elected Alderman Francomb as their chair- but it has never been satisfactorily combined man showed that he was a very useful member with these preparations until after overcoming . , considerable difficulties, the proprietor was able to Alderman BOLTON seconded. As chairman of the Board, Alderman Francomb brought a ereat many con- m secure a perfectly uniform preparation, cobi.ning all tracts to Warrington and he did not think it would be the essential properties of the above plants 1 n their wise to change their representative. greatest purity and concentration. It is now estab- lished as a family medicine,and is increasing in popular Councillor LORD moved and Councillor CUNNINGTON seconded the appointment of Councillor Evans. favour the more it is known and tested. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a tonic " Pick-me-up " scientifically During the discussion which ensued it was urged that whilst Alderman Francomb was undoubtedly an able mixed in happy proportions. representative, the honours should circulate. Sold everywhere in bottles, 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each. The vovting resulted : Should any difficulty be experienced in procuring Fo ALDERMAN FR.ANCoMB. FOR COUNCILLOR EVAN', Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it will be forwarded rt s .. Aldermen Bolton. Councillors Clegg. carriage free for the above prices by the Sole Pro- Bennett. ~ Barton. prietors : The Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, „ Limited, Lianelly, South Wales. We particularly . ~Evens. ~ Ashcroft. 11 Tinnion. 'I Wilding. caution our readers against imitators, and impress upon ; „ Forshaw. Dickenson. ~ them the importance of always seeing that the name Gwilym Evans "is on the Label, Stamp, and Bottle Councillors Wilkinson. ~ Cunnington. Fulton Smith. ~ Lord, without which none is genuine. „

===== 0002601_19061110_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE ENEMY'S CAMP."

(By Sheringham and Meakin : Macmillan and C0.,85.). Quite oae of,the most entertaining and amusing stories we have read for some time is "The Enemy's Camp," by Hugh Sheringlaam and Nevill Meakin. The joys of camping out on a quiet English river inspire much of the atmosphere of this story while the eternal war of the sexes supplies a great deal of its humour. It is a book for those who love laughter and appreciate the open air. The complications that result from the proximity of a bachelor's house-boat, ,1 and " The Enemy's Camp," whose inhabitants are young, fair, and feminine, give rise to many amusing situations, and there is plenty of opportunity for wholesome fun. Naturally the habitues of houseboat and camp get somewhat intermingled as the story proceeds, and the reader's chief regret will be that unkind Fate has neglected to provide an equal number of both sexes in the rival camps. There are five , young men and only three maidens, so that two of the former are eventually left somewhere in the outer darkness after experiencing milder adventures of their own. One of the best features of the story is the ease and naturalness of the writing. Dialogue and descriptive matter are alike capital. The char- acters frequently indulge in witticisms, but they are of so spontaneous and bright a character that they never pall on the reader, who will find all the parties to the story eminently human, understandable people. "The Enemy's Camp "is a book which should appeal equally to members of both sexes, and with the Christmas season ppproaching this fact is probably worth noting.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
"A LADY OF ROME."

(By F. Marion Crawford : Macmillan and Co. Gs.) Mr. F. Marion Crawford is keeping very faithful t 3 Rome for the scene of his novels, and the last three from his pea have all been pitched in the " eternal city." There is probably no one so well qualified as Mr. Crawford to write fascinating fiction of Rome and the Romans, but the book-reader is apt to be some- what exacting, and a little more variety in the fare provided would, we think, be advisable. It would be more excusable of the author to live in and write of his favourite city continually if he maintained the high standard of his earlier novels, but we are bound to say that " A Lady of Rome " falls a long way below the quality of " Cigarette-maker's Romance, Katherine Lauderdale," " Casa Braccio," and " Mr. Isaacs," to mention just a few of Mr. Crawford's many famous novels. There is all his charm of manner and fascinating characterisation in " A Lady of Rome," but the plot is thin—such as exists —and not worthy of Mr. Crawford's ingenuity. Why,for instance,should Bassaldare Castiglione, the hero, who is described as a soldier and a man of action more than a thinkel, suddenly solve—by acute reasoning or a process of intuition quite beyond even the reader who is in possession of nearly all the *facts,— what is the crux of a problem presented by the theft of the Countess of Montalto's illicit love-letters? There was no evidence of any value to connect the proprietor of a certain gambling-saloon with the attempted blackmail, yet Castiglione goes straight to him, presents a pistol to his head and obtains a signed document which saves the honour of the woman he loves. Now the affair is managed very neatly but the author has left rather too much to the Imagination of the reader instead of conducting him skilfully along the path leading to elucidation. The denounement as thus a trifle inartistic -an unusual fault for Mr. Craw- ford to be guilty of. Maria Montalto's part in the story is that of a woman who loved not wisely but too well, and haii to confess,after an early rnariage de convenience that her child is not her lawful husband's. Then follow seven years' separation from both husband and lover, the return of both, and the convenient death of the former just when Maria's devotion to duty is almost at breaking point. The other characters in the story are very subsidiary, and after all there is not much to write nearly 400 pages about. We hope Mr. Crawford will shift his field of action before publishing another novel. He is too brilliant a writer to be allowed to slip into a rut without a reminder from his public.

"RUNNING HORSE INN." (By A. T. Sheppard: Macmillan and Co. Gs.)

We must confess to being much disappointed with Mr. Sheppard's new novel. The author of " The Red Cravat aroused anticipations which have not been realised, and "Running Horse Inn" is much inferior to its predecessor both in point of sustained interest and romantic flavour. The story gives a remarkably faithful picture of English life in the time of George IV., but the historical events whjch are interwoven are of little significance and do not lift the narrative out of the mediocre. Right from the commetmement the reader is somewhat misled. His sympathies are aroused on behalf of a young soldier returning from , the victorious campaign in Spain, and looking hope- fully to a union with the " girl he left behind him." "Running Horse Inn" is his old home and on arrival there with feelings softened by sentimental recollec- tions he is just in time to witnesA his brother, John , Kennett, return with a blushing bride who is none other than the lady of our young soldier's roseate dream. The reader feels a natural grudge against the stay-at-home brother, only to find as the tale proceeds that he is the real hero. John Kennett is rather a fine personalty, slow to act but honest and steadfast in purpose. His wife, Bess, makes a charming heroine. With such dsappoint- ments awaiting him, George naturally goes to the bad and mixes up with a revolutionary party in London whose sordid and silly insurrection fills a needless place in the book. The climax is ingenious and tragic, but the sad fate which o'ertakes both John and Bess is the culmination of the feeling of dissatis- faction which a perusal of the book has provoked. It was surely enough to have brought the luckless George to the scaffold, without tumbling poor Bess down a cliff and plunging her sore-tried husband into a despair which would probably end in insanitry or an early grave. We are sure the reader will feel that be could have made a much better job of the finale than the author who might have let a rather dull story end more brightly:

"JASPER." (A story for children, by Mrs. Molesworth : Macmillan and Co., 4s. 6d.)

Children will be delighted to learn that Nrs• 1 Molesworth has written a new story specially for them, and if this catches the eye of their parents they should feel in duty hound to purchase " Jasper " at once. It is quite in Mrs. Molesworth's best and brighest vein, and with charming illustrations by Gertrude Hammond should make an ideal Christmas or birthday book for the youngsters.

THE CRANFORD SERIES.

(" Scenes of Clerical Life," illustrated by Hugh

Thomson Macmillan and Co., Gs.)

. , The most recent publication in the Cranford Series is George Eliot's Scenes of Clerical Life." The story needs no recommendation, of course, but refer- ence must be made to the beautiful illustrative work of Mr. Hugh Thomson, with which it is embellished. Scarcely an incident but what has been reproduced in line by Mr. Thomsores facile pencil. Sixteen of the illustrations are printed in colour and are veritable works of art. Like all editions in the Cranford series, the book is beautifully printed and artistically bound. It will make a handsome addition to any up-to-date library. The drawings alone are worth more than the purchase price.

===== 0002601_19061110_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
AIACMILLIN'S SIXPENNY REPRINTS.

"The gospel of life "by Brooke Foss Westeott, D.D., D.C.L. London, MacMillan and Co., Ltd. dd. It is a fine thing, to have die great books and the good books brought within the reach of the poorest. The late Bishop of Durham, one of the ripest scholars of the 19th Century, wrote this work in 1892. This edition is only td., and it is printed on good paper, in clear type, As apiece of ap-dosotie it is marked by wicle.reading,greath breadth of view,accurate scholar- ship and a reverent spirit. There is neither the ignor- ing not the minimising of difficulties. We heartily commend it to every thoughtful reader.

" The historic faith" by Brooke Foss

Westcott, D.D., D.C.L. The late Bishop of Durham gave the lectures now issued in sixpenny form when Canon in residence at Peterborough duringlB igo. They are practical expos- tions of each article n the Apostles' Creed, and are marked by the late Bishop's learning and devoutness. " ETERNAL II_PE," by Bev. P. w. Farrar, D.D., F.R.S.

When the late Dean of Canterbury was at St. Margaret's, Westminster, he gave these lectures in the adjoining Abbey. They gave birth to largo cor- respondence, and much orthodox resentment. Whether " Eternal Hope " rests mainly on Biblical interpreta- tion is a matter of opinion. Certainly the late Dean Farrar was not afraid even in 1873 to express himself

===== 0002601_19061110_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW MAYOR.

REV. ARTHUR MURSELL AT WARRINGTON.

frankly and fearlessly on the subject. In this new form we hope they will be more largely circulated and read.

the continued and well-deserved popularity of Egypt as a Winter Resort. The Cairo correspondent who writes on" The Winter Season in Egypt " gives a bright picture of Society life in and around the City of the Caliphs, and notifies the most recent changers designed for the comfort of the season resident and for the occasional visitor. In another article the sportmau obtains a brief outline of the attractions which Egypt can offer to him, and the facts that the Khedive is now the possessor of a fine turbine steam yacht, that the Nile is now possible to motor-boats, and that a motor-road 100 miles in length is in contemplation, show that,with all its antiquarian associations, Egypt is very modern in its sport. The visitor who is new to the land is not forgotten, and a sell-known writer on travel subjects gives him many valuable hints on his journey, and On the various methods of " doing "Egypt in comfort. "THE CROWN." This popular illustrated paper has recently been sold. A new volume began last month under new auspices as a private property. \ It is to retain all the features that distinguished it from other illustrated weekly papers and some that were contemplated but never carried out "under the old regime, the principal being a development of the art of colour printing for which extensive arrangements have been made. It is announced that at least four to eight faithful reproductions in colour will ' appear week by week. RATIONALIST PRESS PUBLICATIONS. Messrs. Watts are publishing, for the Rationalist Press Association, a selection from Hume, in the form of a sixpenny reprint. It comprises the two important essays, "An Inquiry Concerning Human Understanding" and "An Inquiry Concerning the Principles of Morals." Together with the above there is published a new popular edition, in the R.P.A. Extra Series, of Mr. Chilperic Edwards's version of the Hamruurabi Code. under the title of "The Oldest Laws in the World." The same publishers are also issuing two other six- pennies. In the first, under the title of " A Few Footprints," Mr. J. Passmore Edwards, the well-known philanthropist, furnishes some interesting auto- biographical chapters. Mr. Edwards, during his varied career, has met several celebrities, including Thomas Carlyle. and he recalls many noteworthy incidents in I which they figured. The other sixpenny deals with " Socialism : Its Fallacies and Dangers," and is a trenchant ' analysis of the policy which at present I appears to be uppermost in the counsels of the Labour Party. The brochure is contributed to by some of the ablest writers in the Individualist movement, and it is claimed that the various arguments are supported by facts and figures which it will be difficult to gainsay. Messrs. Watts are also issuing a work on "Christianity and Tradition," by a new author, Mr. P. G. Blyth. Its point of view is that of the man whose interests are practical, not academic. It is written for those who, while they find in Christianity much that they value, flndalso in the forms in which Christianity is presented to thorn much that is untelligible, improbable, or unreasonable. It concludes that the teaching of Jesus, as related in the Gospels, is very different from that of most Christian tnachers, being in full accord with modern and scientific thought. The struggle of Rationalism, it is contended, is not with Christ, but A with traditions about him SHAKESPEARE'S REVENGE ON SIR THOMAS LUCY. I need but recall to your recollection the famous I scene at the opening of "The Merry Wives of Windsor," where Justice Shallow enters in a great fury of indigna- tion against Falstaff for breaking his park and stealing the deer, thereby abusing in his person a very ancient family .whose members for three hundred years had signed themselves " armigero," and " borne the dozen white luces in their coat." Upon which the kindly Welsh parson, Sir Hugh Evans, misunderstanding the kind of limes referred to—for a lune was the fish generally called a pike—and also mistaking the nature of the "coat "on which they figured, remarks : The dozen white louses do become an old coat well. Now the pun in itself is so poor that it is incon- ceivable Shakespeare introduced if for its own sake ; and when we know that no other family but that of Sir Thomas Lucy bore this charge of the lune, and they bore it in reference to their name, it is put beyond doubt that Shakespeare intended a personal affront ; while by substituting twelve luces for three,which was the number on the Lucy coat, he kept on the windy side of the Star Chamber. We cannot pretend to judge Shakespeare in this matter, because we do not know the extent of the provocation he had received. Tradition says be was " whipt." Speaking for myself, I cannot be sorry that his resentment took this shape, because it has supplied me, times without number, with an unanswerable question to' put to those persons who tell one that Shakespear's plays were written by Bacon : viz., bow Bacon, who was a friend and correspondent of Sir Thomas Lucy's, can be conceived making this unprovoked and very ungentlemanlike jest upon another gentleman's coat of arms ? Shakespeare at the date of the" Merry Wives of Windsor," was not yet " a gent], man born."—From "Shakespeare," in the " Cor-* Magazine "for November. TMR. WILFRID BLUNT'S ARABS To-day Mr. Blunt may claim tiat most of the Arabs in the world have passed through his stud. E where, the sultan of Muscat is still the owner of a siderable stud, and there are a fewsurvivors of powerful Princes of Arabia who are masters horses ; hut Mr. Blunt is of opinion that there -less than 3,000 thoroughbred brood mares left in Arabia to-day, and perhaps 5,000 the world over. He has pointed out that the special object of the Bedouin in breeding the Arab was service in war. raor, this purpose endurance is the chief thing, and the Al.lO. even when imported into England, has an iron c otifotah.o English sqhu winter.r s very Alittle shelter, e er, Buildingseven n s ot hat' stio 1 ‘worster y old barns that seem to have ventilation holes in every beam serve for winter quarters in the very severe weather. Neither sun nor wind can hurt the Arab, his temper is of the best, and his capacity for travelling seems to know no limits. For many years the annual sale of Arabs at Crabbet Park was one of the social events of July, but now the I horses are sold privately, the stud being too well-known to require the support of a special function. The chief use to which the Arab is put in these days is to serve as sire to half-breed stocks raised for service under hard conditions and often in foreign lands. The fact that the Arab can make no show on the flat against the British thoroughbred has done a great deal to reduce the demand, although, of course the Arab is the father of the British racehorse, and, associated with the heavy animal that was in Great Britain when Julius Cmsar came over, has produced the thoroughbred. Mr. Blunt has remarked that the points of the best Arab to-day and those of the great English thoroughbred sires of a century ago vary but slightly. From an interesting article on • The Arab Horse in England," which appears in the November "Windsor Magazine," a very notable winter number, containing complete stories by Barry Pain, Maarten Maartens, Halliwell Sutcliffe, Frances Rivers and other well-con- trasted novelists, in addition to the interesting (knout- t of S. R. Crockett's charming new story, " Little ,sson." The selection of coloured cartoons consists of no fewer than twenty of these portraits of Great Explorers and Inventors." The School-boy discourses on " Football," and then bids his audience a quaint farewell ; and the story of Anthony ./iala's Arctic expedition is accompanied by the most successful photo- graphs of polar expedition ever yet brought home.

" ECE iromo;" by Sir J. R. Seeley, „ _ _

K.C.M.G., Litt. Sir J. R. Seeley published this book anonymously in octavo form as long ago as 1865. 'lt created a great controversy, which burned none the less vigorously because the author chose to remain unknown. It called forth " Ecce Deus," a reply from the versatile pen of the late Dr. Parker. No doubt it is necessarily incomplete as a survey of the life and work of Jesus. None the less it is a fine book, and remains one of the classics of our tongue.

"LOVE TRIUMPHANT." Mrs. L. T. Meade,'s new novel is entled "Love Triumphant," and is dedicated to the, late G. F. Watts, FLA. It is published by Messrs. T. Fisher Unwin at 4s. 6d.

BIBBI"S "ANNUAL." The fact that " Bibby's Quarterly " has now become " Bibby's Annual " will be a source of regret to very I many people for the simple reason that they can now only get this high-class magazine once a year instead of four times as formerly. Increasing responsibility has curtailed the time of Mr. Bibby,of cattle-cake fame, and he has been compelled to abandon the old familiar title and quarterly issue. The " Annual " which has just been issued from the press for the first time, seems to have compressed the many excellencies of four quarterlies into its beautifully printed pages. Both from a literary and artistic standpoint the magazine reaches a very high standard and should afford pleasure to a large number of subscribers. The contents are very numerous and varied, but special attention should be called to the four coloured reproductions of famous original paintings in the gallery of the Louvre at Paris. They are superb in tone-value and realism. The only thing we regret in this connection is that the reproduc- tions are " backed" by letterpress printing, which some- what detracts from the otherwise splendid finish of the work. The pictures are worthy of a special plate and page. We haven() other criticism to offer of the journal which is much more' than a good shilling's worth. 'THE FREE CHURCEIMAN." We have received an advance copy of the January number of the" Free Churchman," which the National Free Church Council specially produces for localisation. Despite the excellence of the former issues of this magazine, the January number seems to have established a fresh record ; it would be difilcult to conceive any- thing more suitable for the home and church. The publishers claim for the " Free' Churchman " an increased circulation during the last three or four years of 100,000 copies per issue, which assuredly is eloquent testimony to the' standard of excellence maintained. With the number is included the programme and arrangements for 1907, and a splendid Art Gallery of portraits in colours well worthy of framing. The con- tributors for 1907 include practically all the leading Free Church speakers and writers, and the programme is thoroughly varied and interesting. All who are con- cerned with localising will do well to write for a specimen copy to the Publishers, at the Memorial Hall, E.C.

THE FIRESIDE MAGAZINE. Again we welcome the newest and freshest of issues of that popular monthly the "Strand Magazine." From among the numerous articles we must mention first and foremost an interesting and well illustrated paper on Lloyds'," that mysterious and powerful institution of which the average reader hears so much and know so little. "A Day at the Zoo " is the second of a series of articles, each article thereof containing no less than one hundred pictures reproduced from photographs. The subject this month is " Our Zoo," and from an educational point of view, if nothing else, this series should meet with the greatest possible appreciation. " Choral Societies," profusely illustrated with portraits of famous conductors and groups of performers, includ- ing references to the Warrington Musical Society, and a portrait of Mr. F. 'H. Crossley, makes interesting reading; and " The Chronicles of the Strand Club " are as amusing as ever. "My Best Picture," illustrated from paintings selected by the most eminent American painters, gives some beautiful examples of transatlantic art ; and in "Some Novel Projectiles," Mr. Archibald Williams gives the results of some highly interesting experiments which he has made by means of paper, water and wooden projectiles from an ordinary sport- ing gun. Fiction, for which the " Strand" is now so famous, is represented by a capital instalment of " Sir Nigel," by A. Conan Doyle, and half a dozen excellent short stories by tho foremost short story writers of the day ; another story of the well-known " Some Further Experiences of an Irish R.M." by E.(E. Somerville and Main Ross being specially worthy of notice. When one remembers that this issue contains 120 literary pages and no less than 245 illustrations, one cannot but wonder Messrs. Newnes can supply this publication at the moderate price of 6d. THE NOVEMBER "GRAND." There are some capital features in the ever-interesting and ever-up-to-date • Grand Magazine." "How Physic is Faked "should be read and carefully pondered over bty everyone concerned either for his own safety or for that of a dea'i• one ; many an aching regret might thus be avoided. Of no less interest is the powerful and eloquent pleading of that champion of English common sense, George R. Sims, in favour of the industrious lower middle class,which is now being sacrificed whole- sale to satisfy the insatiable maw of what " Dagonet " pithily describes as " The Moloch of the Rates," an idol worshipped nowadays by far too many of our spend- thrift municipal bodies. In " Society Marriage Broking " me have another thoroughly topical discussion which shows very unpleasant sidelights upon some of the practices winked at, if not openly tolerated by the class which should set an example of uprightness to the less fortunate sections of the community. It is with positive relief we turn to a delicious collection of "Irish Humorous Stories," any one of which will bear quoting, and any one of which may be relied upon to seta table iq a roar. But we are still not at the end of our catalogte, for we find, on turning over the pages of the "Grand" again, that we have made no mention of half a dozen other articles just as interesting as any of those re- ferred to,notably, "What is a Cold ?"by Dr. Robert Bell ; and " The Secret of Success in Literature," comprising the recipes of a score of the best-known living authors, as well as a contribution—one of the last things she penned—of that gifted woman, " John Oliver Hobbes." Nor, with all this wealth of articles have the tastes of lovers of fiction been overlootred. In addition to a very long instalment of the "Botor Chaperon," by those master hands, C. N.and A. M. Williamson, there are no less than three first-rate short stories. "A TREASURE-HUNT IN THE Aacnc." The November "Wide World Maigine" makes an excellent fireside companion with its teen stories and articles of first-class interest. One of the best narratives in the number is "Father Raymond's Burglar," a strange story told by a missionary clergy- man, but " A Treasure-Hunt lathe Arctic," a fascinating record of adventure in the frozen north, runs it very close. Mr. R. L. Jefferson furnishes the first article of an exclusively written series dealing with his recent record motor trip from London to Constantinople—the first motor to enter the Turkish Empire. Other most striking contributions are " My Friend the Leopard," the story of a battle of wits between a man and a man- eater; "Stealing a Secret," and "The Ghost of Musket Flat." A real-life detective story which holds one to the last line is "Tracking the Wire-Thieves," an Amerian secret service agent's narrative. Half a dozen other equally striking articles and stories make up a very strong number of this ever-welcome periodical, whose boast is that it is quite unlike any other magazine. "SUNDAY STRAND." A very striking article in the November" Sunday Strand "is entitled " Some Portraits of Christ as Con- ceived by American Artists." The article tells us that ten famous American artists were commissioned to show by their brush what their thoughts were concern- ing the bodily form of our Saviour, and this article shows the result, and a very fine result, it is. The pictures are splendidly reproduced. The fiction in this number is remarkably good. Mrs. L. B. Walford, the well-known novelist, writes a story entitled " The One too Many." Elizabeth M. Moon contributes " The Temptress " : Constance E, Thomas, Marguerite. A Winter Idyll " ,• and Horace Seymour Keller, " Big i Jim and Little Jim." There is certainly no religious magazine in the world which rivals the " Sunday Strand," either in variety or quality of its contents. It is always a credit to its publishers and its editor.

Ivtent Esson.

As a public lecturer the Rev. Arthur Mursell, of London, enjoys a high reputation and there was a good attendance at Bold-street Wesleyan Church on Tuesday levening when this veteran minister delivered a lecture lon his 50 years experiences on both sides of the Border, Channel, and Atlantic. Mr. Mursell, who laboured with great success in Manchester from 1857 to 1866, has just celebrated his ministerial jubilee, and among those who joined in the congratulatory meetings were Dr. McLaren, Dr. Robertson Nichol!, the Rev. Charles Williams, and Sir Thomas Fuller. Many Warrington people 'retain very happy recollections of Mr. Mursell's previous visits to this town and his lecture on Tuesday evening was looked forward to with considerable interest and pleasure.--Mr. James Dodds presided and said Mr. Mursell needed no introduction to a Warrington audience. He (Mr. Dodds) felt he must be getting an old man because ho was one of those who heard Mr. Mursell lecture • in Manchester on several occasions in the sixties, when as a boy be lived at Bolton and he went over to Manchester to hear Mr. Mursell speak in the Free Trade Hail Apparently Mr. Mursell was now as young and strong at ever and they hoped God would spare his life to the Church and to the country in which he was so highly esteemed, for these were days in which we wanted men' ..' who could show us what good men really were. (Applause). Mr. Mursell proceeded with his lecture which proved highly entertaining. 411. A GUARANTEED CURB FOR PILES, Itching, Blind, Bleeding, or Protruding. All chemipts- are authorised to refund money if Pazo Ointment failo-: to cure Piles. Cures ordinary cases in six days. One application gives ease and rest. Pazo Ointment is!s new discovery, and the only Pile remedy sold on a Posy tive guarantee. Price 2s. 33., of all chemists, or frore PARIS MEDICINE Co., TEMPLE CHAMBERS, LONDON, E.C.

"FRY'S MAGAZINE." A prominent feature in the November number of " Fry's Magazine "is the second instalment of "Heron- have, ' by K. and Heskth Prichayd, the authors of" Don Q." This story, which is gathering interest as it goes, gives promise of being by far the most readable and exciting piece of realistic fiction these authors have yet produced. The magazine opens with a vary striking article entitled "The Stage and Athletics." "National Style in Rugby," by Mr. A. J. Gould, the well-known Welsh International, gives a rerdarkably lucid exposition of the different styles of play which characterise England, Wales, Scotland, Ireland, and New Zealand. An article by Mr. Eustace E. White, under the inspiriting heading of " Ladies, Improve your Hockey! " gives a number of useful hints on this game, which should prove very valuable to ladies at tho beginning of the season. Mr. Montague A. Holbein, the well-known swimmer, contri- butes a well-illustrated article called " Walking ; The Flow and the Why," describing a method which he him- self employs, and which is within the reach of every- body. "The Optics of Rifle Shooting," by Mr. E. J. D. Newitt, makes out a very, clear case against the prac- I In Memoriam. ticability of the ordinary rifle sight used with a ser- vice rifle, as compared with aperture sight which is In loving memory of my dear husband, ART! rapidly gaining favour with sportsmen. A rather JoNus, who died November sth, 190 h striking feature of the magazine is an article on "The Forgot, oh no ; sweet memory's golden chain Garden in Autumn," by Mr. E. T. Cook, who points out Will link my heart to one so loved until we meet again' a number of ways in which the garden may be made Fondly remembered by wife and children. interesting during a period of the year which is gener- ally regarded as idle. This article is illustrated with " • useful photographs, which show the right way to take Warrington.—Printed and published by .7ofri Works, various kinds of cuttings. & Co., at The Examiner General Printinthe g SSW WHERE THE WORLD WINTERS. Bewsey-street, and published by them at d pl The second of the Series of Illustrated Supplements, ace, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-roa ENS' , EMI. • "Where the World Winters," is presented with this 32 George-street, ST. 3, Market- treat RUNCORN, rivY week's number of " The World," and the contents show street, EARLEsTowN; Church .street 1906. WALKER

• , • )f .le-• )rnhill best :Ise- , a coo tile Once of flriP_ are ~' 4, . , L ti.. '•

===== 0002601_19061110_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19061110_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, WARRINGTON. VISIT OF THE MAYOR (ALEEEmsE 7. SMETHURST, 7.P.,) AND CORPORATION ON SUNDAY IsIoRNING NEXT, NOVENIBEIt 11%11,1906. SERVICE AT 10.30 A.M. PREACHER: THE VICAR. OFFERTORY ON BEHALF al, THE WARRINGTON INFIRMARY EXTENSION SCHEME. EVENING SERVICE, 6.30 P.M. PREACHER REV. R. B. DEWoLF.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF wARRINGTON. RDUCATInN COMMITTER. UNIVERSITY RXTRNSION LECTURES. The Fifth Lecture on " ROBERT BROWINIRL+ "wilt be delivered at 8 o'clock on WEDNESDAY EVENING NEXT. 14TH NOVR`4I:SfIR, AT THE CO-OPERATIVE HALL, CAIRO STREET. Syllabuses and tickets may be obtained from Education Wilco. J. MOORS MURRAY. M.Sc., Sankey street. Secretary and Director.

COUNTY BOROUGL oF w ARRINGTON.— ImuoATIoN commITTdR. " BEAIYIONT " COUNCIL SCHOOL. ASSIATANT TFACHIFERS. Applications are invited for the following vacancies : BOYS' DEPAR rMENT.—Tbres Certificated Assistant Masters and two Certificated Assistant Mistresses. GIRLS' DEPAMINT ENT. Four Certificated Assistant Mistresses. The School will be opened in February. Elastics accord- ing to scale. Apollo ,tion Forms, copies of scale of salaries, and further Information may be obtained from Mclocation Office. 3. MOORTI MURRAY, M.Sc.. Sankey sr. Warrington. Secretary and Director. November 9th, 1905.

COUNTY BottOUGH oF WAKRiNOTON.— BITUOATTON COMMIITHE. "BEAmoNT CouNoti. SCHOOL. HEAD TBACHhItS. Applications are invited for the posts of Haadrnaster of the Boys' and Head Mistress of the Girls departments of the above named school which is to be opened in the month of February next. The salaries for the first year will be : Headmaster at the rate of £225 per annlm. and Head mistress at the rate of £l2O Irwr annum. After the first year the salary will be fige,l according to the Committee's seae upon the average attendance for the firet completed year. The school is a new one consisting of three departments accommodatiog 130y5 (350). Girls (360), and Infants (360). Further particulars nut forms of application can be obtained from Pducation Office, J. MOonu MURRAY M.Sc.. Oankey at., Warrington. Secretary and Director. November 9th, 1906.

COUNTY BO R00(4 ti OF kV A RRINOTON.-:_ EDuagams cordmiTrww 510191: COUNCIL SCHOOL. Tenders are invited fnr the HIPP'S' of '— DUAL DESKS, Hiseo TEACHERS DESKS, EASELS. TABLES, .:HAIRS, CUPBOARDS, PIANOS, WOODWORK BIiNCHBS. Samples may be seen, and conditions of tenders obtained, at the Education Mc., Sankey-street, Warrington, to which office all tenders must be delivered (in envelope to be pro- vided), not later than the 24th November, 1906, J. mOORE 11.11111 RAY, 10th November, 1906. Secretaty and Director. t,

P ROFESSOR BONNING, MAGICAL ENTER- *. TAINER, OPEN NOR' ENGAGEMENTS, Concerts, Bazaars, etc.—Terms, 115, HALE RD., Ditton.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. TIMBEST AND CHEAPEST livicu OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL:GROCERS A.ND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND Is. SD., EACH WroLEBALE BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD:, WARRINGTON. 13WI'ABLISHED 1833.

'THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS PIIMPARND to REONIV3 LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREAsURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

BIRKBE'CK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, N.C. 2i PER CENT. INTEREST allowed on Deposit Accounts. 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Cneqme Book. All Generol Banking Business Transacted. PROSPECTUS, WITH Fut.'. PARTICULARS, POST FREE. 0. F. RAVENbOROFT, firCIir,TARY.

FIVE s :uN DHAND PIANOS. Piano by Yates, London, £B. Rosewood Case. Piano by Broaawood, £l2, Walnut Case. Piano ty Bard, £l3, Walnut Case. Piano by Brewer, £l6, Rosewood Case. Piano by Yates, £lB, Walnut Case. WADSWORTH'S, 19. SANKRY-STREET, WARRINGTON,

DRINK! DRINK!! DRINK !! ! MALE NURSESisToTAIL. A MOMENT'S HOPE HOUSE, HOPE-STREET, LIVERPO 0 L Telephone : 2570 Royal. Telegrams " Nurses," Liverpool. ESTABLISHED 28 YEARS.

1„1. ...VIARSH'S HARDWARE STORES, 53, SANKEY STREET. BEST VALUE IN TRUNKS, A.PANESE BASKETS, &c.

HAIR COMBINGS made up ill- per or, COVERLETTE I TAILS OF ) FRom HAIR FRAMES, PURE nom 3/6 11 1a a . HAIR. T S BROWN, 3,3LEECE ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

SMOKB SUDLOW'S " OLD BOY'S" TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. 6110. PIR OUNCB Is. 7D. RIIR LB. TIN; 6s. PER LB. • T. cluDLow & CO., WHOLR9ALI AND RBTAIL CIGAR MNRCHANTS. 15, WINWICK ST, & 65, BUTIERSIARKET ST, TELEPHONE 414 Y. WARRINGTON.

ISAAC ONES,' PAWNBROKIIR. 177 AND 181, WEST DERBY-ROAD, CORNER OF BOUNDARY-LANE, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 28 X Anfield. £7 155.-PIANO, by Pembury and Co., London; great bargain. £l7 06.-PIA", by Kirkman,. Londcm ; cost £5O; world-wide makers; worth buying. £23 103.-PIANO, 12/65 Slt2esph. Rain months list price £l6 108—PIANO, :Iyjersanec;oosnte VAlaleisre supeaesitor . receipt shown. 2, 156.—AMBRIOA:ItreOerriv,erbivooDi rr3pe.r;opßsolda- beaulifainstrument ; core PL. £3O 08.-PIANO. (cost Pr Guineas), by Vogle- sang,. Brussels ; this great Instrument must be seen to be believed.

HOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND YEWSAGENT, "EXAMINEE " OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, RAHLESTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

DR* J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLOROD YNE,‘ The old end tried remedy that has stood the test of two generations. 1 DR. J.`!_COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, . BRONCHITIS, A STEDIA, NEURALGIA REFUSE to be put off with a rtURt,TITITTE. The original can be had of ALL CHUMUITS if you show you are not weak enough to accept an Imttation. COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAME ; Is. lid., 2s. 95., 4s. 6d. the prices. TIR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S C HLORODYNE.

INIAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WA.RHANTRD, FOIST FREE 2.. Bd., 35., 4s. 6n., AND 6s. BD J. O. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. MADE AND GROUND BY ENOLESH LABOUR.

XeilA9 BOXES AND NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. IN CONTINUANCE OF THE POLICY INAUGURATED LAST YEAR THE GROCERS AND PROVISION MERCHANTS OF WAR- RINGTON HAVE CANVASSED THE WHOLE OF THE TRADE IN GENERAL AND HAVE MUTUALLY AGREBD TO THE TOTAL ABOLITION OF ALL GIFT.. CALENDARS. ALMANACS, MONEY U.. AT CHRISTMAS AND THE NEW YEAR. XMAS BOXES AND NEW YEAR'S Gwrs.

MAKE RACING PAY. I WILL SEND YOU WINNERS. T AM in the know of two or three good things _I. each week, which I will send for sa, These selections worked with my special system of backing will pay you. Week's Wires, be. System, 2s. 6. Strictly One-Horse Wire. A. GREGORY, WARREN ST., LENHAM.

RELIANCE PHONOGRAPHS. RELIANCE TALKING MACHINES WHOLESALE tkaßisTs FOR T. A. EDISON PHONOGRAPHS. 50,003 IttiCtirtDS LARGEST STOCK. Wholesale Catalogues. CHEAPEST PRICES. Reliance Great tores. Cash or 21. per week. 29 AND 31, MANCHESTER STREET, LIVERPOOL. CYCLE AND MOTOR ENGINEERS. Estill), 1851 Telephone Central 5822.

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, &c., BOUGHT.-136bT PRICE for parcels forwarded ; if not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGE PAID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, 'IHEATRICAL. BAND UNIFORMS. LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICE. LIMES EVENING DRESSES. COSTUMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LINED And FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, 80., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TRO USK ITS,S HIRTS. BLUCHT lIRS.WE LUNG EONS. CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLICE CAPES, GORMAN'S, 326, US, and 340, Deansgate, Manchester. Established 50 Years.

UGGS ! EGGii It Smith's Ovary Poole is now recog- talsed as the Egg-Producing Marvel of the Age." Great Egg-laying Competition starts 13,c Ist, £2O in cash prizes. Classes for 40, 21 and 10 birds. Ask your Agent or write for particulars. Prices : 6. sample (1 oz.), Is. (3oz ), 2s. (8oz.) ; by post 7d., is. 31.. 2s. 4d. In bulk ; 15s. per (equal to ten 29. bottles), 255. per gall. Carriage paid nearest railway station. Ask your coin dealer for it; Or direct from LEONARD EiMtTIR AND Co.. LTD.; Poultry Expert., 68, Bromsgrove at., Birmingham.

"QUI DI REC AT FllibT COST.—SFEUI,xI, c• FFHR OF HOUSEHOLD LINEN, BLANKEITS, Ao. BLANKHTS. Heal Widnes, tic 6d. to 255. pair, all sizes. SHEETS, Cotton & Linen, 2s. 31. to 235. 61 pair, all sizes. QUILTS,White & Coloured, Is. 9s. to 16s. each, all sizes. IRISH LINEN DAEASK CLOTHS, from 21. each; Linen and Cotton Towels, Tea Cloths, Glass Cloths, Pillow Slips, Bedspreads, 80.. at Wholesale Prices. Write for list. Satisfaction guaranteed. Carriage paid. JOHNSTON & CO., WHOLBeALV WARBHOUSBIERIC, 76 LEADICNHALL ST., CHRAPSIDB, LONDON, B.C.

LANCA:4T ER COLLEGE, MO R ECA M BE.—A First-clase 13.yircling School for Boya.--J. W.MARBHALL, Ph.D., M.Sc., Principal.

UNIVERSITY SCHOOL, S aiTHPORT.— A Most successful Boarding School for Boys. W. HUNDURSON, M.A. "rincipal.

A REPUTATIoN OF OVER FIFTY YEARS. VV ITHERINGTON'S COUGH LOZENGES. TICE BEST .1.14 D SUREST REMEDY FOR COUGEIS. BOXES 7D. ADD IS. H. J. AUBREY, CHEMIRT, WORCESTER.

FRANKBY HOUSI4 SOHO )L, HOYLAKE, CHlSSHlRTS.—Principals Miss CHAPMAN and Miss GREEN. Education on nest modern lines. Preparation for Examinations. lALF-TfIRM. 'itovember 5.

THE LINOZ)0811tRio RESIDvNTIAL SCHOOL of Cookery and Household Sciences. Girls trained as Lady Cooks or Help.; barmy home; careful training.— ?apply to the Principal, who holds a full Teacher's Diploma, Miss EVERARD, "Park House," Louth, Lincolnshire.

D' SANItiON'S SEOATE IV SNUFF is an Eminent Specieltet'a Unique Bern */ for COLDS • CATARRHS! COUGHS-I- ASTHMA ! 'HAY FEVER INFLUENZA. t Poet Free. 3e1., from FRANCIS NEWBURY, 4, Duke se.. Adelpnia, Loidon, W.C.

TT 1 R K.i 1 PIE. I), NIBWTON-1, ILLOWS.- 1.1 BOARDING and DAY sotionL FOR GIRLS; Boys received up to ten years of EEO ; School re-pens Tuesday. September 18th; orincipata at home on Monday, deptember 17th. A full term's nutice required h..fore the remov,l of a pupll,—Princluals 5l/144 G. tILIITLF.Y ao4MIAS M. L. PECK.

ALBERT F. LANGI-ORD, TURF ACCOUNYAIST, mot MARKETHOUSE, HUNSTANTON. TELAGRAPHIC ADDBFEIS, "TURF," MINSTINTON. BEST AND MOST ADV AN ViGEOUN TERXS. FORT FREE ON APPLICATION.

SOUTHPORT MOULIN' SCHOOL—A HIM - CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOY. Splendid results. Staff incledes 8.A.. B.Sc.. do. Games Gymnastics, o,det Company Rifle Range. Foreign pupi's received. School meetly fu,i. PKNCIPAL J. 0. Underwood. A.C.P.,F.R (Reg.)

THE HlO H :SCHOOL, TOeKUO LO DON Stockton Heath, Warrington, —Day and Boarding' School tor Girls, Kindergarten. Preparatory School for Boys. PRINCIPALS, THE DMSES PARTINGTON (late of 23, Wilson Patten street). Prospemus.m, .10.. on application. SIXTY-SIX SUCCESSES It 2 YEARS. NO FAILURES. The next term will commence (0.V.) on ^doorlav Sent. 17th

yuIITEIFUL INDISCRETIiONS.—Those imagin- ing they ere suffering from Nervous Debility, 350., will save pounds and years of mental torture by sending P.O. for 2s. 6d. for advice—hygienic, no medicine—Or ss. for advice and autograph statement of my own experience Avoid reading medical literature, especially that relating to this subject. No ocher charges but above, and restoration to normal health assured. Give fullest particulars. T. BRADBURY, ILL .S, 43, PEMBHRTON STRIMT, 0.T., MARCHES TER.

MR, ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Mnsic,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Ohureb. PIANO, ()EGAN. THEORY, HARMONY. COUNTER- POINT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' pran.tee.--For terms apply 134. LOVELY-LANS and Legh ,treet, Warrington.

OR MORN THAN TWISTYFIVH YEA—H'S THOUdaNDS OF LADIES NAVE DERIVED GREAT BEIIEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FRMALg PILLS, RAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION ASA -BOON TO WOMANKIND They are the beat known Remedy for Ansynia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals. Loss of Appetite, vs tetia,Palpi tation of the Heart. Debility. Depression, Weaknese, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 91d. Is. lid.. 2s 9.1.45. 6d. and lls DR. PAVIS'S FAMOUS COUGI.I MIXTURE, gives Instant relief as proved by hundreds of estimontais. 3/- anj 4/9 post paid from the tproprietors, 309 PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING 111 L. LONDON, W. (Only Address).

JAMES ATI(INSON, 7, II AND 13, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL PURCHASE OF A PORTION OF MANUFACTURERS' STOCK OF CARACUL COATS, TWEED COATS & PALETOTS. ALSO 250. CHILDREN!S SMART COATS, LARGE PARCEL OF FUR NECKLETS, MUFFS &c., AT A LARGE DISCOUNT OFF USUAL PRICES. ALL THIS SEASON'S GOODS AND NOT SOILFD, TO BE CLEARED DURING THE WEEK AT REMARKABLE PRICES. SEE THE WINDOWS.

IigABLISHIM 1838. , 2 A XMAS PRESENTS. JEFFII.I4',YS, XMAS PRESENTS. 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERFCOL, FRAZan MAXIM Arb Faun SELLER. A Large Assortment of framed Pictures, suitable for Weddings snd Birthday Predeots, School Prises, ao. Terms Moderate REPRODUCTION'S BY HOLLYISH OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSEITI, and DURNE-JONES. AUTOTYPE ItEPRODUCLIOX: OF PIC CURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OCHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

H. S. PAGE & Co., 74, SANKEY ST., (LEGH ST., CORNER), WARRINGTON. HIGH-CLASS TAILORING AT A REASONABLE COST. UP-TO-DATF LADIES TAILORING A SPECIALITY,

McDOWELLS LIMITED, Coach Builders & Motor Engineers. MOTOR CARS COMPLETE. BODIES TO ORDER. REPAIRS FROM THE SIMPLEST TO THE MOST COMPLICATED. NEW MODERN PLANT. EXPERT ENGINEER. ALL ACCESSORIES. DRAWINGS AND PECIFICATIONS ON APPLICATION. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. RYLANDS-STREET, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 409. X.

JOHN LUNT, BZERT.cfPN: -REMOVAL CONTRACTOR. EXPERIENCED MEN EMPLOYED. ESTIMATES FREE. TELEPHONE No. lu7.

CENTRAL FURNISHING STORES. BERNARD PEA RSON AND CO.. PROPRIBTORS, 100 A & 102, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. 102. YOU wish to Bny, and at the same time Save. WIC Guarantee to save you 33 per cent, or more, because WE MAKE ALL OUR O'ix'N FURNITURE and MIRRORS at Pearson's Buildings, Clare Street, which does away with two middlemen's profits. That is why all our Goods are MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURISS. You cannot possibly en better than go to , 102, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. 102. CARRIAGE PAID ON ALL GOoDS. ESTIMATES ERRE FOR HOUSE FURNISHING.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, LID. FOR GOOD BOOTS. UNDE t THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

RHISUM .TISi4.--6end P.O. for la. and I will forward you a remedy guaranteed t, give Imtant relief. Prala.d by every N)dv, and wor. h its welgh, in gold.—Address, Rev. RICHARDS. 58 Manse' Terrace, twansea.

()IX Brass. Copper, Pewter, Tea and other Learls Bought. Indlaruhher all kinds purchased, Cycle Covers, Inner Tubes, &c. Send for prices. Cash on receipt of goods.— WELToN Sr Co., Upper Church Path. Portsmouth.

eI_RAIBD bine* RETRIEVER SPANIEL BITCH. with her 13i- eight puppies, five weeks old, by one of the hest Retriever dogs Ming, the lot £2 or sepirste ; or enehinge Pony Harness or anything nseful.—PAßKlica, Ternperanae Hotel Em'ev. nPar wakefiell.

CTRRILR MARRIAGE : Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. By a late senior Physician to a Hospital for women. Anw edit'on just puGlithe,•. Post free 3s, 9d.- I.,ndon SHELLEY AYD Co., LTD.. B. Graceeldurct it.

LIRAND LITTRII of black curly HIRTRIMVISH bar 9th Sept., clam Glen, sire Sultan by Berkeley Sultan, .lam Shrimp Girl, good workers ; dogs 3s , bitches 20a : approval ; over 40 pups sol.t from same mother.- 1 ITTL FAIR. BlePhitra ,Stat 10 rl, Blackpool,

IaISALTH, 13Pauty, Fascination. lilegance, Dazzling Coni- plexion,W hite Hanos.—Try May Dew's dainty sample box of five specialities. la. post tree. Unique, exquisite, up- to date.—MAY DEW, )9 Down at,, Piccadilly, 1 ondon, W.

ZUk FIRRIMS with hheumatiem, Neueßtgin, lieckaehe. L. Cramp, Sprains, Bruises, Swehiugs, Stiff kieok, Stlffnele, sitter exertion, Headsetw, nted the test linement, i.e. swltteure Lthement " ; keep benOy for emergency.— TURNPB, 3, Barlborough at„ New Cross, is. .33. bottle; by post is. 73.

PAT isNT 0)78'1014 at Asuais 6THE TABLISIIED Xi 1835. news, GHatiGß DAVIRS & SOF have he. more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish meet 50dp055855 praitica I Eno wleclqe of the 00ttOnsW°011,13 awl iron mennfeetnres. 'Sett-help to the new Patent Law," price 6d. c.lontal and Foretwe ateat Leo:vs," price Is. 91R011414 D&VIUS, O.L & ON, F.1,P.A.„ M.S.A I. ST. ANN S SQUARE, MANUNDETNE •

ON "LB, One Steam TB NH BCHLIOt, work at 80Ib. pressure, 28rt. lone% sft. diameter. 2ft. gin. tube with three cross tubes and injector, and and all pipes, valve, and mountings complete; also one Horizontal STISAM BNOINK, 121 n. cylineirr. 21t. stroke. with fly-wheel and and grooved fly-wheel, driven with ropes, new novernor, and all steam piper Complete ; quantity of SHAFTING and PULLNYS. all in first-class working order ; rlso Two JIB OR &NM, 45ft and 3reft j b respectively, In good condition, equal to new. —apply PETER PENNIIe6TON, Heath-road, Saw Mille,Ashton- in-Makerfield. Newton-le•Willowg.

NiV HY suffer -when the King of Remedies is la band Sufferers f,om itheumitlsm. Inflammation, PleurleY. Bronchitis. and Neuralgia, sny part of the body, should send for one of the quick Home Remedies, sold at Is. ano 2., 6d. per tin, with full directions, by J. Tvemtn, 9 Battery et, Stonehouse, Plymouth. Postage : small tin. 2d., large, :Id. extra. Send stamped sddressed envelope for testimonials and proof beTond doubt that the tiemedies We a blessing to himanity.

LONDOR. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS M TO $0 LTIDGATS HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUASH. HOME COMNORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTS &L FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

DTSFIRTH NORTH WALlii t,) Let, turniehe 1, ebrm- Jingly situated, seven-roomed Bungalow, on mountain aide, Oa. weekly winter rnonthi.—Address GIRTON Homm, West Kirby.

TWO-WHELba) DOG-OARr, rubber tyres, walnut body i by Julian; Four-wheeled Stanbope, rubber tyres, by Windover ; matn, lamps, and euthions with each.—Apply JOHN SToIIRN. ShierfOtil 13)1ton.

EA, STEER & CO., 166, LONDON ItD., LIVERPOOL have the following lirst-cless Secondhand CARRIAGES FOR SALE at reasonsble prices .- 4 Landaus (two with rubber Lyres). 4 Victories (one double victoria). 2 Large Waggonettes, carrying 12 and 14 persons. 5 Broughams, in capitsl order. 1 Ralli Car, suit 15 to 16 hands. .„1. Pony Governess Cart, suit 12 bands. 6 New Governese Carts, various from £l5. Full particulars on application to 166, London rd , Liver- pool. Telephone 2114 Revel.

FVOlt DISPOWLL, a Bargain, Gent's Coventry ball free wheel CYCLE ; not soiled. silver plated rime, all parts beautifully plated on Copper, rim brake, new and up to date, not ridden more than 20 miles, best pneu- matic tyre. and tubes never runcturel, guaranteed all new, , complete with plated gas lame, bell, bag, pump spanner and oiler, also enamelled shit Guards. east) I:intently wanted £3 i2s. 6d. approval willinaly. T. Husnarrn, Chargrove House, Ashcombe-road, Weston-Super-Mere.

PUBLIC BOTICE—THS OLUAISTABLIsHED BRADFORD ADVANCE 1.. OF YORKSHIRE, HANK OPNED A BRANCH IN MkNCHRKI'ER. LOANS GRANTED NO LESS THAN £lO, TO ANY AMOUNT ON PROMISSORY NOTE, ALSO ON FLTRNI- 2IIRE WITHMIT REMOVING. RHPAYMENTS TO SHIT Powarrvrßs. APPLY : -THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO.. 83, BRIDGE-STREET. ORANSGATE, MANCHESTER. FLEPTIONR ,11x.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ./DVANCES MAUS PRIVATELY to TRADES- I. MBN, FARMERS, WORILINGMEN, and all Respects able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURAI3LP DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNEIS, TOOT ON THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER JOH/ E. GOOU 'VIE. .Fl.—Estatilished at thi• pRoM PT UASITI AUVA NU don ON Z31,11p1,11; PROMIRSORY NOTE. Granted Immediately. £5 Promissory Note 25. weekly £lO £SO £l.OO „ D7STANCIt NO OBJECT, No Fees, FiTIFI, w Sllretlel. Strictly private and Confidential. Call or write H. RkY a c. 0,, (Over Merchants tteetsurint,) 92, MARKET STREET, MANCHE3TER. Teievh-ne o. 5515.

P LAI Nsill Auuttic,,6.-61.AUtClUr. 31. CAW) WARRINUTON. THE MOST PRIVATE AND ONNUIfiII OFFICE IN TOWN. I LEND MiIIsCIEY to anybody worthy n° credit. My rate of interest, is fiery low, and my repayments easy. Repay- ments may be made a 4 follows : £3 Loan... Is. weekly. RIO Loan... 3s. weekly, ES Loan... li. Sd. weekly, £l2 I ORR... 3s. 6d. weekly. £7 Loan... Is. weekly £2O te. weekly, Other sums In proportion. Monthly or Quasteny Payments taken. All transactions treated with strictest confidence. whether business is done or not. So call or write before you decide to go elsewhere, to th llitmageress MISS CO ITERILL, 31, CAIRO ST., WA.QRING-TON,

ESTABLI*4I-1130 OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STRDT, HANIKI, AND 13, NEIVGATE STRECIP, PROMPT PRIVATE A DVA N ES, Itt Sums of from £lO to ELMO ON esIMPLII P.kOMISSORY NOTH. ri Ai T 1 flf wishiniz for temporary CASH ADVAN.Af.B abould note f be ale intages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLIOITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOIR TO BH SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO THE WRITTEN Gf*ARANTEH STRICrHsT PRIVACY THE sYStlial OF SAL! IrHPAYMWMTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BOWMAN ER. NO BILLS OP ,f/SLE ARE TAKEN UNLES3 AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARf• NOT PUBLISHED IN ANY NEW,SI3APYR OR GAZETTE. ADSOLITTE `S‘!CERCY -OBSERVED. APPLICANTS If ECEIVE IatMEDIATE ATTEKTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent eases a Representative will call personally upon applicants an. complete the transactions at their own home Or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable ()barges are widely known land my rPymtsvl.m stand. "nrivalled•

NO PTH,SENTS—NO COUPONS are given with qv • " r, tft, The Value is la the Cocoa. BEST & GOES FARTHEST.

II

- PUBLIC BEEFII B .gol§ol PA NY N 4 —. . • OO , ARE NOW SHOWING THE LATEST STYLES IN LEGGING& ow. et.'s Black or Brown . 6/ 47, Victoria Road, We. Ovidz,e St. and Market Place, Earlestown. 6, H:gh Street, Runcorn. 45, Widnes Road, Simms Crass, Widnes. _ J I . PU BE N (*OM PA NY

appeared to have the Wigan line at his mercy until Lapping saved finely. The visitors continued the pres- sure, and Wigan being penalized, Knight failed at goal. Volsey removed play Into the Warrington half by a clever a, and Topping and Jones had a chance of gettirrg to the line' but the ball was bungled. Voisey made an attempt to run in at the corner, but was brought down near the line. Subsequently, however, Landor and Cartwright endangered the Wigan line, and enabled Foster to score brilliantly. Knight landed the goal. Half-time, Warrington "A" five points, Wigan " A " nothing. Wigan attacked vigoronsly, and scrummaging ensued close to the visitors' line. Here the Warringtonians were penalized, and Voisey landed a goal. Immediately afterwards Knight had a penalty kick close to the posts, but he failed to register the goal. From some loose play Barker scored for Wigan, Voisey registering a goal. Result: Wigan "A" two goals one try (seven points), Warrington " A " one goal one try (five points). G. T. P. G. T. P . Wigan "A" 2 1 7 Warrington "A" 1 15 Pemberton

DELICIOUS mAzAwATTEE TEA Brightens and Stimulates the System. 1/6, 1/8, 2/., 2/6 per lb.

• RATS . MICE & • C 0 C KROACH ES PitIrATEHOUSES.WAREHOUSES.CAEZS,BAKERrES,SH/PS &E fe9alocly al/ended TO, Me Clearance OP /One aesease Spreodirr9 pests NO INCONVENIENCE WELATEVER BY OUR METHODS. CONTRACTS ',Axel. ea PREPARATiCRA SUPPLIED (3-rzmArfs fRa ZE: BA C? ,V(R/sf /11, SPECIAttSrs., •13', SEEL STREET ',LIVERPOOL, -I.Y.F.torAt.

II LAIN ES .-BEWARE ! FROST, COLRI IsNINDS,oift HARD WATER SKEPI AND 'COMi2I—EXION. I C 6 .' • . ''' BEETHAM'S '9 . . .... Si. however, a Rure safeguard against their ill effects. A little usea after washing will KEEP THE SKIN SOFT AND SMOOTH ALL THE YEAR ROUND. co . Bctaes is., 20. 61. of all Chemists.' Stares. Ai Ai. Beetham dc Son. Cheltenham. j

LARO Income derived from Posiiession of Five guarain- N teed genuine Trale Secrets, either sex, poit free P.O. Main et , Meiti.Oro' YOUR FUTURE, Marriage Date and Intended's Photo- graph ; send date birth, and 13 stamps.—AaTROLOGEB, 50, Park lane. Tottenham. L ndon. A PROBLEM SOLVED I—Real Home-work. 30s. weekly rr more. Honest work. fro canvassing. Is. P.O.— WORXER, 154. Cowley rd., Oxford.

cestrirplatteol IW'raavreelaiesr:ldceargien,g rPerarkeabßlNeLesCoTlTlei —IMBBET, 16, Hol'Jorn Viaduct, London. • 1500 Bop', nailed, 123. and 21. 6cl _ ; Ladie3', 51. 11d. : deposit is. and le. per Week.---LEE BROS., flailswortb, Glos.

GUN (Bargain) ; double breech-loader ; latest improve- 'ments ; quite new; well-finished ; nivel% balanced ; splendid killer; approval 385.-13 NEwcsaTLE BT.. Merthyr. fIYSTRRS I OYSTERS!—I will send 100 delicioas Oysters. packed in seaweed, with Oyster Knife, osrriagepaki, for 6s. 6d. ; 53, 3s. 61 —MonTow. 93.5, Harbour st. Ramegate.

F" ,ALR, an Ornamental Iron and Glass tinildinz, 100 ft. long, 20Ft. wide, 201 t. Sins. high Price on rail at Amersham, £3OO (coat £2,00).) F. P. WlLLltxta, Amersham. AS GOOD AS GOLD —To introduce the latest invention In Gold linamel for glidtng everything Washable ; Is. box poet free ad. Postal Order. —LEE'S DRUG STORES, Stalybringe.

EIXTRAORDINARY OPPER.-5,000 highly-finished, Gold- L'4 cued Gents' Watches, jewelled movements. plen d i d timekeepers. 91. lid. each. post free. -I,3ORRIDAN, 28, Audley Gardens, Ilford, Hum

THERE'S MOSSY IS IT—Remnant. by weight exporience unnecessary : send stmp for catalogue oldest est.blished.—Cocunexes WAREHOUBX, Regent rd. Salford, Manchester.

A RR YOU LOSING YOUR HAIR? If so, send 94., post Lis free, for a Tin of Pom.sde for Baldness, prepared from a secret and effective formula,—B. VINCENT, 41, St. John's-rd., Sheffield.

QM A LLWARES AND HA BBRD &SHE ItY. —Special Penny 10 Linea for market men and shops. 74. 6d. per groin, carriage paid on receipt of P.O. from J. APPELFELBAUM & Co., 164, Bury New rd.. Manchester.

RAZohB.—Taylor's Reform. Finest !Sheffield east steel, hardened and tempered to the highest degree of perfection by o;d Sheffield workman. 3s. 6d. Warranted.— TAYLOR, 183. Butler at., Ancoats. Manchester.

WHITE BUTTER PAPER 12s. 6d. per ewt. Grease Proof, 228. ; Cheese Paper, 10s. Cap Paper from 6d. ; Sweet Bags, loz Cups. 61d. 1,000, LONGWORTR'S, Oak at.. Thomas at., Blanchester.

,„ RMY BLUCHERS ! Army Bluchers I 1-4,000 pairs of ft new sewn Bluchers, very best leather soles. Will send one pair, any size, post free, for 51 6d. Cash returned if not approved of.—H. J. GlSSoN.Government Contracter,Rye.

A LL Hairdressees should try Cumberbirch's celebrated QUEEN RAZOR, cbeapest and best yet produced ; every razor guaranteed ; praised by all users.—Write for price to 27. ROCHDALE no.,Sbudehill, Manchester.

W I Ist G MACHINES GIVEN AWAY.—Vlbratlng Shuttle Ci Reverse Feed, Handsome Cover, £3 12s. 6d. One cus- tomer in twelve will get their machine Absolutely Free of Charge.—Write REYNOLDS, Pllsley. near Chesterfield.

QOFT, WHITE, VELVETY SKIN assured by Shaw's Cutine Cream. Prevents and removes Redness, Rough- ness, Chaps. Exquisitely perfumed, non-greasy. 8d.,15.2d., 2s. 10d. post free.-60Aw, Chemist, Lindley, Huddersfield. I) 00113.—Why use Foreign doors, English made, 6ft. 61n. .L./ by 21t. 6in. by iiin. square. 4s 91 ; mould two sides, 6s lid ; solid moulded, 4s lid ; all other sizes in stook ; send huilder's trade card for 113e.—dENNING1 & Co., Pennewell rd., Bristol.

THE GRAND OLD MAN that was (Gladstone), one of England's noblest and greatest statesmen ; a Bold Medallion of him In massive relief In Antique Bronze ; splendid for hall or corridor ;a pleasing and laeting memento for sale Jheap.—HowELL, Marple.

T cox!--Che best, strong, and warm handwoven Woollen 1.4 florae Rug, with throat strap and bound ; carriage paid for 51. 6d ; smaller sizes, 4s. 6d. and 3s. 6d. Cash returned if not approved of.—From H. J. ()mom Onvernment Contractor. Pe.

GOT RATS? 1F SO, USB SANFoRD'S POISONS. It ends the trouble by destroying them. Rats, Mice. Moles, ace., bite it, eat it, and perish Try the remedy, you will be delighted with the result. Price Is. Bd. to ss. per box, of all Chemists, or SANFORD & SON, Sandy. Beds.

/1,0 BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive I_ Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24.4.?.J square yards of Freehold Land, with 'siding to the railway. Sul'able for Chemicil or other works requiring space.—Address J fioactko, 16, Fenwick street, Liverponl.

JthP FROM. DAMP.—WhIte Indlarubber Waterproof 11 Sheets, 461 n. by 42in., with brass eyelet holes, 2s. each; 71t. by 41t. ss. ; 6ft. by 6ft. ss. ; or any size. price in propor- tion. Cash returned if not approved—From EL J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

TRY. NAILS (Mixed), 86. 6d. per cwt, 281 be, 26. 3c1.; qcrew. mixed. 28s. per cwt. ?Elba 7a. 61.; Wire, Cut, Wrought. and Malleable Nail*. Taas. Rivets, etc•, etc., wholesale:prices.—MlDLAND NAIL Wonics, 25 and 28,Rea it., Brinalnizbam, C. W. 14 AYLES. Proprietor.

APPIAN. Gcb-nuts,Quinces,direct from Kentish Orebards, Blenheim Orane 3.; King Pipdini. 31. ; Pearmati. 9, 39. 6d ; Cosa Orange Pippin', 48, 61 ; Ribston Pippins, 3e. 6d. ; Quinces. 3 ; cobau;, 7s. all per doz. lbs. ; cash with order.— Haunts's, Fruit Growers, Tonbrldge.

B LUNGS to your door, carriage paid. the day 3s. V. after receipt, our Automatic Washing Machine. Over 50.000 sold ; only 1.000 will be sold at this price as an advertisement; hundreds of testimonials.—Poital Order to SELF-ACTING WASHER CO., 5, Fleet at., Liverpool. Agents Wanted.

A HAPPY THOUGHT.—Send P.O Si. 6,1. for one of our .Cl. Prince's Re,ord Cases Inc holding 24 (LO-Inch) Records for your Gramophone ; no breakage when carrying out to evening parties. ; saves its coat in a few evenings. Cases sent on approval.—A. 8., PRINCE'S SUPPLY CO.. 29, Queen's Place Ntourton, Leeds.

I_IORAIS' LOIN CLOTEIs lined throughout with Army Woollen Hugging ; best and strongest In the Market, 461ns. long by 38ins. wide ; Waterproof on stout navy canvas and weigh 41tie., 36. ; any size made, price in proportion ; special carriage Loin Cloth, 4s. 6d., ether post free.—H. J. (Pea nv, Government Contractor, Rye. AGENTS FOR IuHLIAP WINDOW GLASS. 50000 Peet of Window Glass, small sizes cut and supplied at the lowest price ,• Window Glass of all substances, colours, and patterns ; Plate-glass and Slav') Mirrors, Shades, and Stands ; the best house—ADAMS, 212, North Hill St., Liverpool.

VTATERPRQOIO COVICHS, same material and pliable as railway sbeets, 12tt. by 9`t.. 12s. ; 15tt, by 9ft., 15s. ; and so on to any size at ls. per square yard, with lashes. Quantity large pieces Tarpaulin at Vs cwt.; odd pieces, suitable for roofing, Bs. per cwt. Cash returned if not approved of.—H. J. GAMIN, Governm.nt Contractor. Rye.

-VOR SALK, ASTRO-TRANSIT INSTRU MINT, by Wray, J. Ziin. objective, hin. circle. Particulars on application FALINGE VICARAGZ, lALL-MARKIRD Silver Photo-frames. Bd. : Silver Neck- -11 oats, Is. Post free. Cash returned If not approved.— SYKES, Jeweller, Raisingwold. QTAIITLING 1-4,000 Rings, set with roil Diamonds (not KJ imitation) any size. -send Ss. sd. ta PARDERIER COM- PANY, 720 e, Old Kent rd.. London.

DORMERS Giant Prize PANSIHS and Wallflowers. strong lA, transplanted. Is. 6d. 190 Sweet William. Chry- santhemums, Max. Cornflower le., ICO free. SCMIFF, Hadleigh, Suffolk.

BA BY '6 out fits complete 104.6 d .rri sge f ree. ituy from London, the centre of the wdrld's trade, and get best value for money. Send for prise Liet.--SllmeassEss, " The Draperies," 70 York rd.. London, nag. TNCANDESCHNT GAS BURNETC—MantIe Chimney and I_ Fork 9d. ; Ossetia Mantles 2a. 6d. dozen ; Inverted Burarr Complete, 35. ; Gas Self Lighters 6d., poet free.— SHAMAN, 47 and 48, Market Hall, Harrogate.

ivIARVIMLOUS VALCH tienuirse offer Send 38 for parcel containing 103. ed. fountain pen " Spadwell," fine razor " Celebrated." and la carat gold cased bracelet. los.weegly easily earned.—inceanneorf,l2 Rock st.,Shelitald.

AZOItS bClssOtt.:, wartaated Sheffield make. Seat El, hollow ground razor In case 3s. 63. Pair good strong household scissors Is. 6d. BL.ney ,etured if not satisesato. Agents wanted. BELCHER, RPwORTH 44 Co., Cutlery Manu- facturers. 34, Furnival St., /Sheffield. 13110NOGHAPH ERCORI)S.—For Sale, si doz. Bdison .1 gold-moulded Columbfa Lt.. Sterling and Edison-Bell heeords, all good ; also 2 doz. Edison-dell wax records, would make blank.; what offers ?-9. BANEFIELD AVENUE, Victoria rd., Rushoime, Manchester.

GOLD, PLMT fro introduce the latest invention in GOLD IiNAMIIL for .1 Picture-frames. Mirrors, &c.. washable awl durable, we send Is. boa post free for 7cl. ; repeat orders certain.— LIIRICETT, IRTJEFITT t Co., dcarborough.

DLANKHTS, cream Witney, 6. 6d. each, cut, SJOO pairs 1) to clear, pure wool Witney. Well covers lsrgest bed 'Nada, with plenty for tuck-m. One sent on receipt of 6d. ctepovit, and 1.1,10 n Mt of 13 weeks instalments of 6d. weekly. making 78 -18LINGToN,WOOLLEIS8 C0.,164 High at-Loridon,S

MILLIARY CLOTH I.NG.-4,000 good. large dark grey or blue Water proof Cloth Overcoats for sale. Pat out of service for other pattern. Either carriage paid, 7a. 63., name size required; Oilskin, serge lined, Police Capes, Os.; large blue cloth Volice Capes, 58. 6d., Omer catriage paid.— h. J. efaeSoN, Oovernment Contractor. Eye.

vi; HO'S YOUR LAWYBR ? —I haven't required, one sine V I bougot SVRICY DIAN'i OWN La.WYRN,' by a Barrister, which has repaid its price 20 times over in saving lawyers' fees. New hdition (19,6) now ready, price 6s. Bd. Let (postage bd.), from CROBDY LOCKWOOD SON, tatioaen,' Hall Court, Loudon, E U., and all booksellers.

BUSlrniss MRS who are going Grey and Bald before their time should use the Pure Toilet Requisites Manufacturing Co.'s famous Pomade. It makes the Hair Grow, Restores and Retains its Natural Colon". Price Is, and Is. 61. per pot, by post Is. 2d. and is. 9d —ATKINSON AND Co., Proprietors, 70a, Market St., Manchester.

LOOK ! E.OSHS I 1 ROiRS ! I—JAMES WA.LTERS' WORLD RRNOWNRD ROSRS from Devonshire, all grand hardy stuff, 12 acres of Roses. Roses a speciality, 100,000 grand plants to select from. 6.11 carriage paid for cash Bstablished 511 years. Plant now. 12 finest Standard Roses, l's. ; 12 best Half-standard Roses, 14s. ; 45, very beet Dwarf Perpetual or Bush Roses. 21s. ; 20 beat ditto, 10s. ; 12, best Hardy Teas and Hybrid Teas, es. ; 12 beat dwarf Perpetuals, Ts. ; 6 finest Climbing Roses, 4s. ; 6 best assorted Ramblers, 4s. ; 6 Crimson Ramblers. 3s. 6d. ; 6 lovely Yellow Role's, 3.. ed. ; 6 best Moss Roses, 3s. 6d.; 6 Crimson or Pink Monthly Roses, 3s. ; 12 hardy Evergreen. Running Roses fcr Rockeries, Banks, Curler-trees, etc., 6s. ;50 Un- named Rose. of Teas, Perpetuals,Climbers,etc., assorted good stuff, 14.5. ; 20 Standard and Half-standard Roses, best sorts but un-named. 14e. ; 12 strong bush Apples, Pears or Plums, best sorts, fruiting trees, 15s. Thousands of all best fruit- trees, Shrubs, Climbing and Herbaclous plants, very cheap. Large and cheap collections of all best Bulbs for planting now. Descriptive Catalogue Bulbs, and cheap lists free. Thousands of Testimonials. JAMBS WALTBRS, ROSE GROVVRit, MOUNT RADFORD, EXETER.

PENKETH.—GOOD HOUSES WITH GARDENS, 3s. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week, ivy LODGE,FROGHALL LANE, rertm.ed rent. 5), WASH LANE, rent £l4 per year. M .LL STREET. OFFICES,ground floor, also upper rooms. W OrtKROO XIS near Bridge street, rent Is. per week, 83, HO WLIII/ LANE. rent ss. per week. 15, NULL LANE. rent 6s, per week. 6, SCHOOL BROW, rent 3s. 9d. per week. 51, NEW 110 AD, rent 4s. 9d. per week. BANK STREET, / Stall Stable with good Yard and Cart Shed. LABURNUM VILLA. Froghall lane, Warrington, 2 enter - taining rooms, 4 bedrooms, bathroom, w.e., to. ; rent BM.— Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-litreez War - ,ington. Telephone—No 55.

ri3O BIS LILT, old.established Pork Butcher's Shop with J. House, principal street ; one of the best stands In town. —Apply J. tiuntow, 65, Buttermarket st., Warrington. TO BS LEN, 81011011, Stag Bridge, Lower Walmn ; con- taining two entertaining-rooms, bath, hot and cold water throughout ; rent 7s. 94. clear.—Apply W. A. LESLIE, Mersey-street. Warrington. 'l,O BR LET (or sold) pair of superior semidetached Villas _L Lower Walton, five bedrooms, two entertaining rooms. good garden, AC., Exceptional situation, ten minutes from tram.—Apply. GARLAND, 51, Bridge st.. Warringtoo. NVAlilt...lNTOTON.—bplendid SHOP TO Llirr. 85, Bridae- street , at present Occupied by Mr. John Maginn, House Furnisher, Jo. Good house and extensive back premises. At liberty January 1, 1908.—Apply SCALES CAMS, 83, Bridge at., Warrington.

TO sti LET In New Pike. at., Stockton Heath. Bay windowed HOH6N. Open frontage with pleasan- view. Bath and lavatory. Hot and cold water throughout. 7.. per week clear.—Apply FALSIIkW, 4 Market Place, War- rington, next to Market Place Poet office.

IMPORTANT TO FURNITUEE I/HALLE/9, BnOKERS, HOUSEHOLDERS AND YOUNG PEOPLE ABOUT , TO FURNISH A HOME. . , NE EXPIRATION OF LEASE. lb Days Clearance Sale by Austion without reserve, the whole of the Manufacturers' Stocks of Household Furniture Ac.,at 85 Bridge Bt., and 4, Rylands st.,V4 arrington on November 7, 8. 9, 10, and following days till the Entire Stock is cleared. NTH. JOdi MAGINN WILL SELL BY JI. AUCTION, without reserve, on the above dates, these enormous stocks of Household Furniture, Bedsteads. Bedd- ing. Carpets, Bugs, Oilcloth, Linoleum, Fenders, Blankets, Bed Clothing, Pianos, Organs. Glass, China. Ironmongery. Bar Fittings, Office and Library Flora Lure, Clocks, Bronzes, Lace Curtains, Table Linen, Cutlery, loiletware and Plated Goods. In order to meet the requirements of buyers of large or small lots, the goods,wben convenient. will be offered singly leaving the purchasers the option of taking any number, they may require ; and any article may be put up for sale on any day at any time they are asked for by int ending purchasers. The value of et, ck exceeds £6,001 To be motel without reserve. 115 Suites of Bedroom Furni- ture in oak, mahogany, and walnut, tow the best English makers. 150 Pairs of Washstands and Dressing Tables with marble slabs and bac:. , swing bevel plate Toilet glasses of the latest designs and finish 15 Chests of Drawers in walut and mahogany. 65 Sideboards in mahogany walnut and oak. 30 Telescope Dining Tables in sizes from bit., Sit., and 14ft, long, with massive legs and loose leaves, in walnut and oak and mahogany. 100 Kitchen Tables. 20 Kitchen Dressers with sycamore tops. 600 Kitchen Chairs. 700 Bedroom Cane-bottomed Chairs. 1400 Amerman and Austrian Bentwood Chairs. 150 Rocking lz Arm 'Chairs, Commode Chairs, Ac. 150 Taproom Stools, Bent- wood and Piano Stools. 2CO Suites of Dining-room, Drawing-room Sitting- room, st Parlour Furni- ture in Sheraton, Chip- pendale, antique, and modern styles, uphol- stered in morocco, roan, leather, saddle bags, velvet, silk, tapestry, and hair seating. 90 Cabinets fp mahogany, Chippendale, et walnut. 105 Pier Glasses & Chimney Glasses. 36 Braes Bedsteads, French and P,risian. 250 Iron and Brass Bed- steads, 20 Wood Bedsteads in Sheraton and Chippen- dale styles, also oak, walnut, and mahogany. 500 Wire Mattresses and Hair Mattreases. 100 Wool Mattresses and Feather Beds. 160 Wool Flock Beds Bolster., Pillowr,Sre.,&c. 260 Overmantels with bevelled plates, in mahogany. oak, and walnut, Sheraton and Chippendale patterns.

45 Pianos and Organs, ranging In value from 25 to 100 guineas. by Brinsmead, Collard and Collard, BrOadwood, White, Cramer and N orbury ; Organ s by the noted makers Farrand and Votey. Malcolm, B:c., &a. 50 Wringing. Washing and Mangling Machines. 223 Sewing Machines by Jones, Singer, Wheeler and Wilson, Vertical Feed Co., and other standard makers. 33 Hat tands and Hall Stands in walnut, mahogany, and oak. Hall Chairs. do., de. 25 Roll-too Office St Writing Desks. 11 Old English Secretaires in Chippendale. Sheratoa and mahogany 25 Bookcases and Cheffoniers in walnut and mancgany. 365 Kitchen Fenders and Fireirons. 150 Brass & Brass-mounted curbs, Fenders, Ash- pans, de., de. 140 Sets of Fire Brasses and Fire t•oreens. 6 Tons (or 1,600 yards) of Linoleum.. 1700 Yards of Oilcloth, Stair and Lobby Cloths. 160 squares of Brussels. Axminster, Oriental. Tapestry Carpets, from 3yds. to syds. square. 1560 Wool Rugs, Hearth Rugs, Axminster and Oriental • Rugs,Door Mats, dc.,dc. 50 8-day and 14-day Regu- lator Clocks. 50 Alarm, Marble dc Fancy Clocks. 500 Pairs of Blank ets,Quilts, &o, 150 Occasional Tables. Flower Stands, de. 100 t) Pairs Vases and Orna- ments, Trinket Sets, de 135 Sets Toilet ware. 250 China Tea Sets Crown Derby. Royal Sets, Minton, Veneti.n and Bohemian ware. A large quantity of Table Linen, Bed Cloth- ing, Eiderdown Quilts, Ac., de. The above is the largest stock of Household Furniture ever offered for Sale by Auction in the district. The stock is Valued at over £d,ooo. The goods were purchased for the Vendor's usual trade,aud will be GUARANTEED PERFECT In every way unless otherwise described at time of sale. The entire stock must be cleared by December let. Sale by Auction to commence each day at 2.30 and 7 p.m. Bale by Private Treaty fr.m 9 a.m. to 2.30 p.m. each day. For Further Particulars Apply to JOHN MAGINN, Bridge Street and Ryland& Street, Warrington.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms s No, I, BANR-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New nd Sroond-band Fornitnre and other Good. constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture, &0.. warehotise.l,

MOLD.—FARM, 13 to 14 acres, all pasture land ; freehold no restrictions; now let at £22 net. Price £6OO subject to present tenanor—Order to view.—H. PADFIELD, 30, Percy Street, Liverpool. N-TILL 4.—TO BE SOLD or MIT, superior semi-detached V Villa, just completed, In Marlborough Crescent, Latchford-without. Magnificent outlook, large earden ; every modern convenience.—Apply F. W. WRIGHT, Builder, 27, st . Mary's it., Warrington.

WANTED. Old Artificial Teeth, highest price given. Offers. if not accepted, goods returned.—Ttomon, Manufacturing Dentist, 19, High rd.. Kilburn, London.

lilV IS WANT country houses and cottages. Send particulsrs at once, clients waiting No sale or let. no commis- Sion.—THE GLOBE BET4IE AGENCY,Regent House,liegent it.. London,

WANTIM a Teetotal THANISMAN, to live in ; none other need "apply ; also Young Man to take out milk.— Apply to BRACEGIEDLE, Pyrha Farm, Withington, near Manchester.

OUR SUHENiti will enable you to acquire a House shop of your own on the easiest possible terms, Com- bined with absolute seourlty.—Send post card for full parti- culars Box 350, (1,P.0., Manchester.

SANIT A.RY INSPECITOEI3.—Lady Health Visitors, £lOO to £530 ; several hundred vacancies annually, open to all ; 400 succesees. Postal Course Now commeroing for Liverpool Iixam.—MUSHENS, Sanitary ffspert. Sunderland.

LIBBRAL INTIStItiIST would be paid monthly, and scrip in a dividend paying Company lodged as Collateral Security for the loan of £25 for stated period.—Addreas MERCHANT," co Mackenries, 23, King it., Cheapside, London.

ADDRESS yourself to us, and we will send you our free book, " How to beCome an Electrical or Mechanical Engineer" ; it shows you the way to success ; oar system means money in your pocket.—ELCCTRICAL lEZIGINEFra INdIITUTE, 413, Norwich House, Southampton st., Holborn, London.

GOOD-CLASS sail:mull:ants wanted immediately to the wholesale trade; mast be thoroughly experienced, Constant employment to practic bands.—WILLIAM COATES AND Shirt, Jacket, Overall, &c., Manufacturers and Genera Manchester Merchants, Friars Gate, Warrington. Established 1865.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. ARNOLD AND LEWIS, WATCH MANUFACTURERS AND JEWELLERS. Respectfully beg to notify their Removal front 7, St., Ann's Square, to No. 21, ST. ANN'd SQUARE (Four doors nearer St. Ann's Clurcto, MANCHESTER. SPECIALITIES .—New Keyless Bnglish Lever Watch in Oxidised Lase, 18s. ; in Silver Case, 28s ; in Gold-Filled Case, 30s.

GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. VP-To-DATE. GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. UP-TO-DATE. AGENTS FOR THE GUNN SECTIONAL BOOKCASE. GARNETTS' 14 URNITURE INEXPENSIVE. UP-TO-DATE.

Zig Craminer *trtts OF WEEK-END, NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES : THB WARRINGTON t MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER I published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Penketb, Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, &cc., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lama. shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com• prises a large trading and agricultural tract in south Lanca- shire and Mid-Oheshire. THE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday ▪ morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the beat and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. riiriß WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Saturday 1. morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. ripHR EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, • published every Saturday morning the Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earleetown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lowton Ac The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire Oral- fielcs, ar2 ^ riuth ST. HELENS EX AtMlcs ma, published every ▪ Saturday morning ,rirculating in St. Helens, Presc Parr, Sutton. Peasiev C.oss. &c.--the centre of the Glass Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVEILTISEqENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUcES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Thirteen Words, Week, Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 68. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 98. 27 Os. 9d. ... Is. 108. ... 3s. 08, ... ss. Od. 38 ... is. td. ... es. ed. ... 4s. 08. ... es. Pd. 4) Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ss. 08. ... 7s. Od. 64 ... Is. ed. ... 3s. 88. 6s, Oci. 105. Od.

_ THE EXAMINER: NOVHSIBBR Uth 1906.

OCR NEW SERIAL STARTS NEXT WEEK. lIV RITTEN IN SCARLET.' Br ALICE MAUD MEADOWS. visa Mellows writes of love and Crime mil the rivalry of two brothers fdr a fair maiden's hand. The story is one of the bait we have ever publishel. 4.‘ TRITTEN IN SCARLET" COMMENCES ON SATURDAY NEXT. Nov. 17T11. -A HAPPY COOK."—.& very interesting letter ha. been sent to us from Mary Johnson, a C ol at the cwan Hotel, High it., Oldham, In which she &Avg : "I suffered from Inligostion until a fortnight ago when a friend Of Mine seeing me suffering BO mneh, went out and bought me a bottle of Lig-na. After the first three doses I felt very mr.ch relieved and continued with It with the T.Feult lam now in better health than I have been for the last two years." Lig-na is an ex ract of Hoots and He•loa and is Nature's Own Remedy. It ttacks the Cause and remove, it. Lig-na may be had from BOOTS OAS It CHEMISTS, peace lA. A Free Sample will ha sent free upon the receipt of a Pest Card to 21, BOLTON STEIEHr, LlymnpooL. Mention this P&Offf. FOR EVENING WEAR. W. T. WILLIAMS. -CRYSTALINE SILKS Is, 61D. DOUBLE WIDTH, AND OTHER aIITERIAL9 SQUALLY CHEAP. PEW STOCK OF FANS, GLOVES, WRAPS, LACES, &C SMART DRESSMAKING, PRICES MODERATE. WHITE HOUSE, SANKEY ST.. WARRINGTON. 1

i,‘„,..,ii,.. ://, _,....,,,, p. 71,,,ic i ~.viii. Fr,..Aii • ..:/ I / iti(/'/- 'Li- ' p4ll/-i40•4 1 , 4;1.44:. 117 • - d :, _..... _ 4.,... -1. '4,*4.c. . • ail - THE„„„„,c.r.„....., . • ~, . .. 'Ns ..•.,,, itsi , R , ..? 4- 1....,,,g, .....r.tc • .7. A .-„s. i.. ).: z ..„: ....... i . , 1-7---•=l,' '., , J , Ct-ss"" ..- • , , '.. 4 • ' , . -,AS. "; ‘ 4-1•-•- , ) i- • ",`,1(;,-- , :,,F- v0ter.„.....1%,--___ _. ...., , e.*:-419-_--- . - ilogit..., ..14411". r ~_f:. • • ..,..f,-1% . •Uncle Neu., ', , . - /744 it i - __- ----- 7;,:i , k • /4•`..t.: Vii.!,,..?"; --------- i ~. ... - „,,,,, Jr- ~ , Ifzff' , :. pi .. dr ' pr' 51 -.' ioe • / 0 :A .:,4, PI 41.--:-...... MM. i° 77:'Co I

An excellent Food, admirably adapted to the wants of infants and young persons." —Sin CHARLES A. CAMERON. C.D., M.D.! Professor of Chemrstry. Medical Officer of Health for !Mitts, PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO H.I.M. THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA. r-, :mlrt. 44. ,81517° • V, -- t

HEADACHE FAIRY BY CURE A t cEi n g ACTSIi SEAT LIKE OF THE MAGIC PAIN. It cures when all else falls. Safe and sure. Perfectly harmless. sessonenesweem 7d. & 17- per box, Post Free 8 or 13 stamps from Fairy Medicine, Co., Norwich.

, ,4' -' .. /7'..Y4 ..... ; i• s'' t; / ."''' ' ,- -,"- /' .--* .451; ... ‘` 41 , , , 44 t # ,A .. - -_, I, ' -=''',"°'lr xquat.ao• ~..„=------_---- ____ HOW TO MAKE 8 GALLONS PRIME BEER (Non-intoxicating) IN YOUR HOME. MASON'S EXTRACT ... ••• £0 0 5 Yeast or Berm ... ... ... ••• 0 0 i;. 8g ••• ••• 0 1 4 = 2d. PER GALLON.O 0 0 2 Public Opinion; GOOD! IT'S MASON'S. No other Extract makes Beer like it. Send 8 Stamps for Sample Bottle, or Postcard for address of nearest Agent. A small Pamphlet, " Hint. on Brewing," sent post free on receipt of id. Stamp. AGENTS WANTED. NEWBALL & MASON, Nottingham.

011.11 9 TELt rajmiLKeftocolace h,,,hesr bSisndJoiifY(V'

Goddard's- piate' 4 Powder Tor nearing SilverEleekro Plate& ? iohl everywhere If: 2/6 4/6.

TOOTH-ACHE CUBED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Prevevesef:leecassySav Nightses Prevented. NEU RALGIR, HEADACHE, NERviNE and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Stores, Is. lid. Or on receipt of amount 53, ST. GEORGEs STREET, NORWICH. "Ace specific for Teothache it has no &plat, I have need I successfully for years."—Paov. W, Wiraou,

BEST FAMILY MEDICINE WORSDELL'S Kaye's J e Use 100 years. Pills. Are a certain cure for Indigestion. Inliouenese, Hesdaehe, Dyspepebk. Constipation, Liver Dud Kidney Complaints, ire. Invaluable for Laive Of all Chemists, 1/li, 2/9, and 21/e per box, or on receipt of amount 13, St. George's, Norwich.

OP.,E o. NT \ SUN 7 1 • F IRE OFFICE , 0 / 4 1 TRH OLDEST INSURANOR 40ED % OFFICE IN THE WORLD. FUNDS IN HAND £2,788,638. For all particulars apply to the following Agents WARRINGTON...Messrs. J. R. Pick mere & BOA, Bridge F t Messrs. Wood & bon, Commercial Chambers 5, Horsemarket street, Air. Louis A. Voisev, 21, Xing street. Mr. R. Lowe, 1, Bank street.

0 f3•SERVE TH E , •rivcrDE RKT, 46. : I• ii•*. •

EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSENCES REfl/SE ALL /N/TAT/01Y5.1

, 46 11 N s r -., 1 ' \ k% l'ills: ' CLE D ..''' ' I ' 1 \'A.}-IZmswe -41° .1 '1 \ -- i- „,, ,;' A i " ? It of:iftly,s tool,llFw 1/4, , Latio. , \,-.'•,, •1. . • ,y of. 1 L .•*t.,,:iiiiO4.„,‘ ~, , , ~„ -., ~, -, ..,,,, ! „,e.......„...„...,, :. 1U1.1..kj P' . 1 .- ~ %7i:, . i TAI)OUN.,I?I i ...P .i.. ' P•") :L. . ~,„ .. \', ()L._ • ,4,-.:....‘;' ~ , 'i, ~, ,r.,.., . ~,-.. -)ti . o'T :a , i,*;',. ,•• i,, '-'t*P-'1.,-,,' 35 V Ir. I, 1 ,

THOUSANDS ARE Using Bradford's 'VOWEL' WP_shing Mat him 1011 WASHING AT HOME, saving time, labour, and wear and tear ot clothes. Illngtroted Catalogue on application. THolv,Atli BRADFORD th CO., 140 to It!, High Holborn, London; Vietoria Avenue, Mancla,ter; 130, Bold Street Liverpool; Cresoent lron Works. Solford.

THE Is filled with IDEAS, and the best and most practical office and fac- BUSINESS tory systems. It teaches Office Man,gement, Salesmanship, Book- keeping, Higher Accounting, Ad- MAN'S vertmement Wr.ting, Credit and Collection Systems nothing but MAGAZINEperbus iannens su ..1 r, op' no s ),.vei _eT. to eccomv eern. e .64- cent on receipt of 6d. in stamps. THE BUSINESS MAN'S pußListihra CO.. Ltd. 123 Thunet House, Strand, W.C.

maßt, Rtituto 6 .6% f' •• • 011.1 r v..x if you mull only try . THE FR./INGO HERIEDY. • THIS IS NO FRAUD, BUT A GENUINE AND CERTAIN CURE FOR Rheumatism, Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds in Joints, ecc. State nature of complaint, enclosing 2/6 P.O. to FRANCO, 74 St. Peter's Avenue, KETTERING.

S YEARS ..-,ROVEN EFFICACY. AN EVER READY HOUSEHOLD REMEDY: LOOSENS PHLEGM .• ALLAYS COUGH. , GIVES IMMEDIATE REUER • LINUM CATHARTICUM,PILLS. FOP, INDIGESTION 6 ITS 'EVILS SIGHHEADACHE BILIOUS DERANGEMENT •etic.. AN AGREEABLE APERIENT. -KAYS TIC PILLS. 4 CURE FACEACHE 6 NEURALGIA.

HEADACHES. 6 IVI sINII ' a double-dlStilledlau de Cologne, pre- .l. pared by Johann Maria Franz Farina and CO., CdOgne, hgttiv recommended bv the rned,cal profession ; gives instant relief in case- of h,adache, neuralgia, and ali nerve pains ; prine 94. Is. 3d. and 2s. per bottle, post free, from wholesale agents. CUSEL. a ROBINS, 21. BLimund Place London, 11.0.

, _, _ , -_.. . • ------_'------- - „,,,, _ IV-..• ----- vr. -------.-----,7fr. -;'' t L n--i : dill i I 'll r-,---, _-,,,,:,•!--—...------- -- .• - ...., 17 No estra charge for buying this way. 4.w.BEßsoliv2 LUDGATE 911.12.., Il : BENSON'S No. I. Watches, Chains, and Jewels. •No. 2, "Imperial Plate," Clocks, ' -...- . ILLUSTRATED - .... Bags. etc. State which, or if ail. are regnired. BOOKS -----'---'--a.. -de • No. 3. Pretty and inexpensive Silver SOLID OAK CASE, containing 110 pieces of POST FREE. Bast A 1 Quality "Imperial Plate" and 1X AI Articles for presents. Cutlery. Price .19 Cash (a aervice for U . II V a *------'-' - L 12 persnns). or on "THE TIMES" System of MONTHLY PAYMENTS. --- BENSON! 1 0 62 & 64, LUDBATE HU, EC,

"IMPERIAL PLATE" AND CUTLERY CASES. £3.12 to £lOO. ccttliTZ PIIR ON /CDC'ttCSrgTFEM MONTHLY PAYMENTS

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. By EADE'S PILLS. SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES ! ! 59, Mount-street, Northwood, Hanley, Staffs, • Jan. 6th, 1905. Dear Sir,—My wife suffered from Rheumatism for a long time, and could get no relief. She was a patient at the North Staffordshire Infirmary, but got worse,and could not walk without crutches. I heard about your Pills from a friend, and bought n small bottle. AFTER THE SECOND DOSE SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES, and was completely cured in a week. After spending pounds your pills cured her at a cost of 2s. 3d. I shall recom- mend your pills to everyone I know, and you can make the best use of this as a testimonial if it pleases you to do so. Yours truly, GEORGE WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles,ls. VA. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. -- EADE'S GOUT & RI

ct,"irinswaiseinimmuintimmie Jf YOU sifave l something good to tell, there is no need to delude the unwary into reading an apparently interesting story which proves to be a prelude to an advertisement. The startling story and the thrilling testimonial do not add to the merit of the article advertised. If you are troubled with Bad Digestion, impure Blood, Languor, inactive Liver, Sick Areadaclie, or other such ailments which arise from a Disordered Stomach imperfectly doing its work, you need not experiment with the many medicines so plausibly set before you; take BEECHAM'S PILLS and you have a reliable remedy, proved by thousands of sufferers to be unequalled for dispelling Disorders of. the Stomach and Liver. It is not necessary to bring BEECHAM'S PILLS before your notice surreptitiously, as they are openly recommended by those who have found that BEECHAM'S PILLS will do all that is claimed for them—hence they have the Largest Sale of any patent Medicine.

.ai TESTI MONIALS. 11(,,, , , THE FOLLOWING are entirely unsolicited. The STUDY TRUE ECONOMY, AND I/ first was received with a prepaid mail order, and the ---------- 1 ail selection left to us : The Apiary, Rofford, near Ormskirk. i FIU R N fgft W 1 Sir,--I write to inform you that I got the Drawing- - room Suite safe to hand, and we are delighted with them 1 AT and think them VERY GOOD VALUE for money. All our friends who have seen them say they are FIRST ... - .., .•;,4) CLASS, end have never seen a better suite. -fl I I hope to trade with you again some time before long. . . , You can make any use you like of this.—Yours truly, H. PICKLES. Established 1845. 11 The Potteries. Dear Sir,—l enclose £5 note, which,with 115.5 d. allow- MANCHESTER ) ance, is in settlement of your account, amounting to £241 11 s. sd. Tam Much obliged to you for the allow- LARGEST, BEST. and CHEAPEST ance, and must express niy ENTIRE SATISFACTION Stock at about Half Usual Price. with the goods we purchased from you, and also for the ALMOST UNLIMITED CtiOICH. I courteous and considerate way you have treated us PITTS'S FURNISHING GUIDE con- throughout. My husband joins with me in this.—Yours taming 800 Artistic Designs Priced, faithfully, Post Free. Cash Quotations Only. (M rS.) . Easy Payments 10 per cent Extra. PITTS'S FAR-FAMED HOUSES OF FURNITURE ------- - - -- - at 15?- 21 Sl-- 38-li/ 150 75 guineas upwards, are at their LONDON ROAD 2/ ^ ......9, 21 9 L price the BEST THAT MONEY CAN BUY. ,— — Great Saving assured.

33 I 3EL fU ' BLACK BOTTLE SCOTCH WHISKY Mellow with age. Perfection. Very Soft. Very Pure. Recommended by Doctors universally. P, ice, direct from Distillery, carriage paid, case 1 doz., 38/-; 6 bottles, 20/-: 3 bottle,, 10;6, cash. SAMUEL BIRCH & Co., 5 Dixon St., GLASGOW.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE. OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " Mona Cottages, Coalville, Leicestershire, June 4th, 1904. Dear Sir,—l thank you for the good I have received from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two months ago and tried almost everything, but got no better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that AFTER TAKING IEIEII FOR TWO DAYS WA.S QUITE CURED I was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs Being a miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks to your Pills I have never felt the least pain since. - recommend them to everybody myself. Yours gratefully, JAMES WRIGHT. 1 EkDE'S GOUT PILLS I Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all jurious matter, andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent pest free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor j GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. ---- lEUMATIC PILLS,

LOTA —A most remarkable hair restorer used by the most Egyptians. Sample bottle on receipt of P.O.tor ss. LOTA.. British Liv,ency, 45. Queen's rd., Balaton, London. Union St. J. H. DOVENER & CO.'S! Ltd. Liverpool °U SN EC DE SACKS. , Best and Cheapest for POTATOES, CORN, &c.

'WATCHES. WATCHES, WATCHES. i/a per week iur 21 week, or 29/- cash, wilt secure one of our soup SiLVER ENCLISH LEVER KEYLESS WATCHE Non- Magnetic. These Ws, lies are a ....awe' of inecoanteal sad]. Hanoie ;s tie fling he utmost satisf,ictiou. Don't. DJlay, send for one at once! ..kr CA, I • loe•ri'tot Or ,erora rig., Slit Dee. wi 1 ut,.43 -,•keaa..l ILVFII DC WI 00.11 N h ofale'y F 4.. E •.r ha THE C33V.T-0.A... WATCH & stiFY .3 L.Ondou,
