===== 0002601_19060728_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WM. M'CLEAN & SONS

MONAGHAN, IRELAND. DEALERS IN VIRST-CLASS IRISH HUNTERS AND CARRIAGE HORSES ANDIJOB MASTERS. We beg to thank the Gentry of Liverpool and surroun& ng districts for their past patronage since opening our _

LIVERPOOL BRANCH: SANDON MEWS, 80, EGERTON ST.

where, owing to the increasing demand for our Speciality in High-class Carriage and Hunting Horses, and to supply this demand we have completed extensive alterations, and trust, by strict and personal supervision of boelness, to retain the confidence in the future as in the past of our numerous Patrons. Also soliciting the favour of those in want of good, sound. High-class Irish Horses at moderate prices, to entrust us with their requirements, our sole aim being attention and entire satisfaction in our dealings with customers.

B°LD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. ON SUNDAY NEXT, JULY 29Trt At 10.30 Mr. F. WRIGHT. At 6.30 Rev. WILLIAM MELLOR. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided.

WARR IN GTON PERMANENT BENEFIT

ITOLIDAYS

A. BROAD

ALLAN ROYAL MAIL.—CANADA & U.S. Unsurpassed for Ist, 2nd and 3rd classes. Special ratea to Ontario. Manitoba, and Camadian North-West. SAILINGS FROM LIVRRPOOL. VICTORIAN Aug. 3 1 VIRGINIAN ... Aug. 17 IONIAN Note the callings of the new Turbine Steamers Victorian, at. ug. 3, and Virginia", Aug. 17. 12,000 tons—steadiest, 'West, no vibration. Shortest sea route. _Handbooks free.—Apply Altana, 19, James-street,.Llyer- v°ol,land 1034Leadenball-street, London. ;

)14.i0,!_,tA-)2-'l"' 'l`" ti,3ogre-;0' -';

'

===== 0002601_19060728_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & Co., B EWSTIY STREET, WARRINGTO Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
la.- ..

===== 0002601_19060728_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
<4. 4 (fit 11 t( LI lilt LA; X*A 111111 r

No 1533 ONE PENNY

SIUTUFEICIiickYs JULY 28,\ 1906.

FOR MOM,: THAN TIVIINTY FIVel YHAsIS THOU seaRNEDAST U)'.NL :AT RHOAtaV H HRIVBD DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVB HAD A WORLD-WIDH RBPUTATION AS A BOON, TO V V OMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anaemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss or Appetite,Hveteyin,Palritation of the Heart.Deblilty, Depression, 'Weakness, irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9id.. Is, lid., 2s. 9d.45. 6d. and lls.

DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS COUtila MIXTURR, gives instant relief as proved by hundreds of testimonials. Bottles 3/- and 4/9 post paid from the proprierort . 309 PORTOSELLO-ROAD, NOTTIMG HIL L, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

JOHN WALKER & Co., BEWSbY EiTRIOIT, WARRINGTON. DELIVERY BOORS. MEMORANDUM CARDS,

SUBSCRIPTION CARDS. EXECUTED AT THE LOWEST PRICE WITH THE GREATEST DESPATCH.

By Posr }I 734, per Quarter .5s 6d per annum Is 9d per Quarter credit

emuran

C. SUNDERLAND, NEW SUMMER SUITINGS

IN CONFINED AND REOIVIROHE DESIGNS, AND COLOUttINGS AT

THREE GUINEAS.

IS, NORTH JOHN STREET,

===== 0002601_19060728_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS. HOS. CLARKE, STATIONETLAND NEWSAGENT, "RXAMINEN " oFFICH,

33. MARKET KRIM, HARLBSTOWL FANOY STATIONRRy FrITTARLM FOR PRR9TINTS.

STANLEI'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS

OM INSTANT RELIEF. AND NEVER FAILS TO EFFECT CURB IN FEW DAYS. Roma Is. IP., OR (3 BOXES IN ONE) 28. 9D.. POST FREE FROM STANLEY & CO., CHEMISTS, EAGLEICLIFFE,

===== 0002601_19060728_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ffkbital

===== 0002601_19060728_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
DORSONA.—Positive cure for Had Legs, Zs. 6d., 53. D•wss, Herbalist. Ashton Manor.

VLASTIO STOCKINGi, 2s. cam, poet free ; forms free HUGHISN. 23. Schwa lane. Livernool.

QUARCHALL —Harmless cure for Rheunintfem le. Worth cures In 4 days —ABREMETHY, Sholing, Southampton.

INDIGISSTION —Old herbal remedy, simply marvellous, thousands cured, 14d. free.—HoLmas, 63, Gauden rd., Clapham.

1113ALTH RWSTORND 13T•ZWS-MAGENTITTOON.-- Particulars. testimontals.—Wrfte Mr. BAXTER, 53 Clifton it., Finebory,

FACH LOTION tor spots, blemishes. guaranteed cure ; 2s. 9. per bottle ; intPrvli.w by appointment.— bPECIALutT, 22, Sinclair rd. Kensington.

UFFKRRRS from Piles instantly relieved. Simplest 0 Remedy. Stamped enve`ope for particulars Box 3582, 0/0 SHARROW & TIZATCHER, Holborn Place, London, W.C.

II HAIUMATICS, Gout, Sciatica, Pre-lented and cured with the New Plectric Pads ; no inconvenience, sure cure ; P.O. le. 7cI.—ANDY-&-Co.. 15 Gravelly Hill, Birmingham.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
J. WALKER & co.

PRINTERS. BooKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS. AND ALL KINDS OF LEriI..RPRESS, AND LITHOGRAPHIC PRINTING. SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS. ORDER SHEETS. ORDER BOOKS. PAMPHLETS. POSTERS. PRICE LISTS. PROSPECTUSES. PROGRAMMES. RULES BOOKS. RECEIPT BOOKS. REPORTS. SHOW CARDS. SUBSCRIPTION LISTS.

VoREsT HILL 110U7-IC SCHOOL, Honor Oak. IL' London, s.h. Cheap, efficient, healthy,—Apply HEAD MASTER,

i ANCA.4I' E )<R COLLEGE, MORECA NitiE.—A _J First-class Bording School for Boys.—J. W.DianaHALL, Phi)., M.Sc., Principal.

QANDBACH SCHOOL, CR PSHlRE.—Moderate fft.•e. Illnetraterl P,osflechts from fiefvf master.

UNIVE HsITY SC tiooL, S JUT H PORT.— A Most Suecossfol BoArdlng School for Boys. W. HPNDICHSON, "rincloal.

7 ALLASE Y GRAMMAR FCROOL. Boarders V V taken by R. A. FouLKES.2I.A., Rilereggan.liount rd., New Brighten.

ft lat b mer etc.

FOH It)t..lln, (iota unnins, lung, oolm aitcer and }Beam-Plate. See our Window.. 101ARLOUR SOlTHS.—Upholstered in LHATEIHR CILOIH from 455., TAPBSTHY 505., SADDLBBAGS 6Ue., VELVET AND FIGURND PLUSH S. SO suit,. tO choose from, all pricu. from 355. to Rl5. at 1.1 (7GSITs,

Ed 4- D.-131hrliro7-IPool wE:cijroilb::dreceern;rgensgt with swine centre mirror and weshatand, 11lie new.

Bbmirror., *:b 17. bu, IIh(JU aa %anti iae-r nv,og solid, guaranteed, no veneer, 4-drawer chest with swing mirror, 2 corner mirrors and side-swing mirror, all bevelle,a, large robe with mirror door. washstand, marble slab, tile hack, and shaving mirror ; only £6 17. 6d worth £l2.

£ll 10 `UAW VV IU FLICL advsvul S• 4 feet wide; ale(' a Suite In rich blur watilut, sft., £l9 10s ; other Suites in stock up to £35 at HUG HRs BROS.

Vew and beconatianCl lor dale, all prices, all qual/ties, In Tapestry, Brussels Amninst.r, Velvet Pile. &e , from 7. 6cl to £5.

11.13.6 1,1.411 V W A tt vr - UGHEd _ 1169 A.JPILO NLOW .LlViittPOuL. W

JOHN WALKER & CO., EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. ALL kinds of BOOKS BOUND in any style from the simplest to the most elaborate. HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective. INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern, on blue, white, or fancy papers. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

lENtriigNAMS

===== 0002601_19060728_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOL.

1/orsts, 800, Edit stork brr

I OVSLY small Poineriniau to ; por,ret tin LA carriage; cheap to clear.—Bonteloar, 49, aioaaon at.. Blackpool.

ANTRD, all Dog Fanei-re to nee ,x,1,31 Pills for con- TV dition or distemper, enema or canker cured with one dressing; le. 6d. per boa.—Applv BARLOW, James et.. Radcliffe.

11 KISH TBRRIEIt PUPS for Sale, three monthe.old, both parent. big winners ; very best ernin ; strong and bealthy.—Apply, EEPIWY ECCLES, Burecough Estate Yard, nem. Orrnskirk.

UOIIdHS safely cured of Worms by Thwaites New Herbal Itemedy ; 6d. per packet, fro, by post, 7 penny starnps. Directions with each packet ; no trouble. Horses eat it freely. G. THWAITES. Herbalist, Stockton-on-Tees.

Voultrp, eggs, eu-.-

T Ana 8 FAT DUCKS, 5,. palr ; large young chlekent, 4s. .1.4 pafr.—PERFECT, Bose Fatm, Bettborpe, Attleboro'.

rpHRBEC Pure-bred Brown Leghom COCKRItIci-S, &tarn 1 hatched, 1906 ; 38. ea(3II.—EOGER LIPTBOT, 07, ToLtine, Orrell, Wigan.

F°Wl, CORN, 7s. 6,1 .10e. 6d., 12s. 6d. 241'bs. ; Pig Food, 7e. Bd. and Poultry Meal, Bs. and 10s per 2001bs,— ROCHE AND Co., 15. Gorse piazzas, Liverpool. Mention paper.

I

POULTRY HOUSKS and RUNS, in sections complete from 21s. ; Dog Kennels Irons 6s. 6d. each ; Pigeon Rouses Nina Iss. ; Dog Howes n d Nuns from 255. ; Collie Kennels and Platform, 12s. 6d. ; Breeding Kennels from 50s. ; Roofing Pelt, Bs. 6d. per r,11; 6 rolls, Ms.—Smug AND Co, Sectional Builderl, h 6. Seel at., Liverpool.

Vartnersbi" tucSinescits., tit.

O LP-ESTABLISHED HAIRDKESSEWS, Tab., hews, yin B.; busy town —34, GWYN Si.. Redford.

BTIRIENti from Busin.ms.—Off-Liceoce for Sile, with :mall Brewery attached.—Apply J. TOOTALL, Ashton et., Darvren.

BUTCHER'S BUSINICSS for dlepoFal in Stockport; good 11,01 w accommodation ; rent 7e. alear.—CELS. B. BARLOW, 92, Heaton lane, Stockplrt.

a(li 000, profitable Confectionery and Tobacco BUSIffRaS (wholesale and retail) to be Sold • present tenant 15 years.—Apply, 95, BRADSHLWGA.TE, Leigh.

BUSINESSES & P4RTNIsR3HIP9.—(LondOn and Pro- sinees) Profits £iso to C.,500. Prices EST/ to £5 000. —Ricaasoan, GILBERT & Co., 79, Queen Et., London, B.C.

g URG ON AND (JO., BUSINSS4 TRAINISPOR AOHNTS, 51, SOUTH JOHN-STHUST, LIVSTPO

HAIRDRESSRTOBUC-6; e-T. Bo It'e ; gski:own.rEC retiring; fine connection, and well fitted ; good stand ; modern house : cheap.—ButiGus. FISHMONG MR.—Exceptional chance; stands well; takings £l4 weekly ; only wants seeing; genuine concern ; twice £l6 everything. -BURG qq. £22 --ItICSTAU it ANT. &c.; takings RT.—BURGOS £35.—G BNB HAL, Ite„ Sverton ; takings £l2. —BURGOS. fa ILLIDTBRY.—Three good (Joncerns, cheap.—Butto)s. £1 /O.—CONvIiCTIONBRY, Wavertree, takings £ll £7,s—_oocoA_RooVlS, near city; takings £l4 weekly ; S.-, rent Bs. 6d. clear ; good reason for selling ; every investigation offered.— Butaw.

ASOI9 & 00.3. Renelagh et., Liverpool and 71, Market 11'11 at , Manchester (established 1877), have the followlag Businesses for Disposal : Milk, Cheshire aide ; making £4 weekly profit ; £l9O. Southport way, Dairy; taking £33 weekly Sweets, &e. ; profits £3los. weekly; near the theatre Tobacco. &c. ; near football groin ; everythin; £135 Stationery. &e. ; profits £250 yearly; main rout. Milk, Cheshire ; selling 1,000 gallons weekly. Carting, &e. ; profits £5OO yearly ; 1 horses. Ship Chandlers, near docks ; profits £275 yearly. Coal, country ; selling 10) tons monthly ; £125. taby Linen ; £95, incblding stolk ; * orth £7O. Cowkeeper'e, from £403 to £l.OOO good districts For further particulars apnly to ahnve arldre*ses.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
Ittunen

AfONMT.—PREVATH: LOAM ADVANetM AT ONCIa from £2O to £5OO on Simple Promissory Note without security, Interest very low ; Repayments arranged to borrower'. satisfaction ; i.lot private and confidential ; Office In town ; No objectionable Inquiries or nand loa:, office routine.— Apply personally or by letter in the strictest confidence and be convinced to actual Lend er.l3. 9. HU RN 36,, SPRING GARDRNS, MANORRSTUR. Is. 6668.1

PUBLIC NOTICE—THE OLD-ESTABLISH ED 13 RADFORD ADVANCE CO., OF YORKSHIRE, HAVE OPENED A BRANCH IN AI &NCH ESTER. LOANS GRANTED NO LESS THAN £lO, TO ANY AMOUNT ON PROMISSORY NOTE, ALSO ON FURNI- TURE WITHOUT REMOVING. REPAYMENTS TO SUIT 13ORROWEEtS. APPLY .--THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 83, BRIDGE-STREET. DRANSGA.TE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHONE No. 731 x.

', £lO, £2O, I'M, 45U, £lOO.

. • ----- ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. stle Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND IPONOURABLIO DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FRRELY GIVBN. IL COWER, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDER% TOOT OP THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN R. GOOLI WIN. .13.--Established at this 11-Ircas Twanto Years.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLISHED 1884.

pROFESSIONA--6;inirl;;;lenTi-armers, trades- people,and respectable househ lidera can have immediar, Advances from £lO to £l,OOO privately, on note of 1/, id only, at easy rates ; no fees charged ; hundreds of testi- monials to my honourable and prompt dealings ; no genuine applicant refused ; cash advanced on all kinds of de,ds, shares, or any kind of security, on most reasonable terms ; distance no object, letters promptly attended to —JOHN FLTITOHRtt _ _

_ 17. TimmAs PT., Shwlehill, ManchestAr. Tel. : 3922.

TAKE NOTICE—NO FINES—ND SRCURITIBS. HAVING A LARGE CAPITAL IN COMMAND we are prepared to make PRIVATR and PROMPT ADVANORS In sums from £lO to £5,003 for any purplse at the Lowest rate ot Interest in Lanctshire and on the following espy repayments : £lO Loan from 3s. weekly. £53 Loan from 15s. weekly. £2O . 6s. ~ £lOO ~' , 30s. „ ONTHIS OR QUARTERLY REPAYMENTS TAKErc. Larger amounts on terms to suit borrowers. No Delay. Strict Confidence whether business Is done or not. Distance no object.—Apply to the actual lenders, where you are sure to be satisfied with the terms. SAMUJEI.4 & Co.. QUKEN'S CHAMBERS, f, ZOHN DAL I'ON ST., MANCHESTER.

PLicAsE NOIE ADDRESS.—MACNICN; & CO 31, CAIRO ST.' WARRINGTON. THE MOST PRIVATE AND DENUINbI OFFICE IN TOWN. I LEND MONEY to anybody worthy of credit. My rate of interest is very low, and my repayments easy. Repay- ments may be made as follows : E 3 Loan... is, weekly. £lO Loan... 31. weekly. £5 Loan... is. 6d. weekiy. £l2 I ona...t3s. 6d. weekly. ET Loan... 2s. weekly. £2O Loan-- ts. weekly, ' Other sums in proportion. Monthly or Quarterly Payments taken. All transactions treated with strictest confidence, whether business is done or not. So call or write before you decide to go elsewhere, to the Manageress. MISS COITERILL, 31, CAIRO ST., WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STRERT, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, Cli EAHR. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCRS. la Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON iIIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. D Alt TI Ei wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJitS should note the advantages offered, THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATis OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYS.CEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED MANY NEWhPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE ShCRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEETION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative vi ill call personally upon applicants en,' complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealiug and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

JOHN WALKER & CO, "EXAM; NER" OFFICE, BEWc-bY ST., W A.BRINOTOff.

ADDRESS CARDS. ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. BALANCE SHEETS. AND PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. "EXAMINER " OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

011illiMil

•

NMI

===== 0002601_19060728_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
ES THE McDOUGALL'S Pategt SELF-RAISING FLOUR BINTASTRY. ' The Examiner, Saturday, July 28, 1906 ,1 WOMAN'S REALM. L(Gopriyht• )

were no longer mosuy ot an alien mne was no proud and separate creature, set apart by. destiny. Fate meant her for a like burden witla her fellows ; wifehood and the mystery of mother- hood might soon be hers. And yet how unlike she was to these, in that she had been chosen for a mate by one as far above the common man as a pine above the spare and struggling grass. This was her own especial glory. • For this dear grace of God's she owed deathless thanks. An unhappier lot might have made her think she loved some other man when she knew not what love really, was. She saw how possible it was to take brass for gold in ignorance, and was ignorantly sure that Richard was fine gold indeed. Now that she had put her arms about his neck and felt his lips on hers she hardly feared for hint in this wild adventure of the hateful desert. Her mother had desired to part them, and that very desire had brought them • closer together. Her defeat was so overwhelming that Madge pitied and iorgave her. She appeared inconsiderable, futile, and now too insignificant in the heavenly order of things to be taken quite seriously. Her work in the world was done ; her child's task but begiriaing That the mother desired an absurd and ridiculous marriage, now that such a marriage became utterly impossible, was a sign of actual senility. For perhaps the first time in her fighting life Madge said "poor mother," and was conscious, of warm virtue in her own gentleness. The ' mother was now a portion of the past; for the time being it was easy to forget her more bitter faults. All the love which by the divinest right should have been the mother's turned in one stream to the father. How greatly he delighted in his child Madge knew by instant and inevitable intuition; she saw it written in mystic characters Which she now could read. She knew others could love, and what her father's life had been she guessed sorrow- fully. And how sweet and good he was to her, who did not deserve it! With him she was conscious of her failings ; she feared his censure when she was ready to provoke her mother's. For one impulsive moment she was inclined to tell him all she had done for Richard. That she did not, made her even more affectionate.

"Oh, what shall I do without you, Madge l" "You will never be without me, dad." But he shook his head. For him India was like the ,Soudan. - It would swallow up all he really loved,

The-Mother that Madge had forgiven during that drive home shewed she was not to be forgotten during the next few days, and she soon ran up a new score with her visionary child. For Madge lived in a dream and stared at people about her with inward eyes. She became silent and self- absorbed, and started on being spoken to. Very often Mrs. Gretton ,had to speak twice; and ever on the second time her voice ran up the scale, and was acute and piercing. And that Madge treated her with marked consideration, never retorting, annoyed her very much. It was a thing she had not been accustomed to; she missed an occupation. If Madge stayed in her place, she lacked the joy of putting her there. She felt like the Punjab Frontier Force when peace has lasted a miserable long year. And on the third day peace was broken. The cause was Mr. Robert Maitland.

Up to this time Madge had treated him with good-humoured contempt, softened by the feeling no girl can fail to have for the man who appears to love, and is obviously ready to marry her. But now she began to be sorry for him, and could no longer be cruel. Her loyalty to Richard, moreover, was almost fanatical; she had become sacred; it behoved her now to act with infinite circumspection; she was ready to go into a conventual retreat until her true lover came to call her. And her mother's clumsy references to Bobby Outraged her soul. It was time that something was done. (She proceeded to do it, hot, as of old, with fear and trembling, and audacity beautifully mingled, but with a -dignity which she *as well aware became her and annoyed her mother past endurance. "I think, mother," she began, "that you had better not ask Mr. Maitland for Christmas.

Mrs. Gretton lifted her nose and her glasses at the smile time, and surveyed her daughter for a long minute. "You think—that I had better not ask—Mr. Maitland for Christmas, do you ? " "Yes, mother," replied Madge, with outward coldness.

"And why, may I ask?" "Because it's no good, that's why," said Madge, almost sulkily, relapsing into her more ancient manner. "And may I be permitted to inquire. what, in your opinion, is no good ? " asked Mrs. Gretton, still with her glasses over her sharp and shining nose.

_ "You know what I mean," cried Madge.• "Would to Heaven that I did!" retorted her mother. "Would to Heaven that I did! But when I see you acting thus to a most estimable young man, to the most estimable young man I know, I cannot declare with any regard for truth that I understand in the least what you mean." Madge stared at her. "What do you mean by saying 'acting thus,' mother?"

Mrs. Gretton lowered her glasses and folded her hands.

"lam not to be interrogated as to what I mean. When I said acting thus,' I meant what I said, as 1 am accustomed to do."

Madge got up. i "You don't mean to imply— "How dare you!" said Mrs. Gretton. "How dare you suggest I mean to imply anything? And you have not yet explained why you venture tc dictate to me whom I shall ask to the house at Christmas."

Madge shook her head impatiently. "I didn't dictate, and I don't want to, mother. But I want you to know that I do not want Mr. Maitland here. And it's no good." Her mother bit her lips. "Then, if lam forced to guess what you mean by mere slang, I opine you have changed your mini, Margaret. And may I ask what has induced you to do so ?"

--"---I haven't changed my mind," said Madge, indignantly, "and—. "Then if you have not changed it, why niake this scene?" asked her mother, with a fixed and glassy smile, which reduced Madge to utter desperation. "Well, then," she cried, "if you make me say it, I mean I won't marry Mr. Robert Maitland, and I wouldn't if he was the last man in the world." Madge's dignity had covered her like a cloak for exactly thirty seconds. Her mother felt more equal to the combat, and rose to her feet. But Madge did not quail, for Richard was always behind her now, and Duke-street, St James's, was within easy reach. "May I venture to inquire if Mr. Robert Mait- land has asked you to nim:ry him ? " "You know he hasn't," cried Madge, angrily, "but he always looks as if he would, and I won't. So there!" _ _

. " She says so there 'to her mother—to me I" said Mrs. Gretton, looking at the unanswering ceiling. "Well, then, you shouldn't encourage him to worry me so. For I won't marry him. And it's not kind of you to let him think I will."

Mrs. Gretlon sat down again and groaned.

"Good Heavens! To think I live a daughter who defies me, flouts me, insults me, when I wish for nothing, think of nothing, work for nothing but her good!" Madge sniffed. "I'm all right as I am, mother, and I don't want anyone to work for my good; if it's to marry Bobby Maitland, at lest." "Who has asked you to marry him, you imper- tinent chid? " asked her mother, now in an obvious rage, for her hands trembled and her face was flushed in patches. "Who has asked you to marry him? And I have been so good to you. I have not told your father about your scandalous and disgraceful conduct. And this is my reward! Oh, If I believed—"

"What ? " cried Madge, anogrrer imother came to

her. "Are you thinking about that? ' Oh, no, it cannot be, it cannot be!" But Madge knew her mother was referring to Richard, and she flushed scarlet and then turned pal "I'll think about anyone I like," she cried. panting, "but not about Bobby Mai hand. And you can tell father just what you want." ' "Your father would die of shame ! Ile would die of shame!" But Madge laughed. , "Oh, no, he wouldn't. I'll tell him myself. He's always kind to me." "What ?" And Madge sat down. "Why can't you leave me 'alone ? " site cried, forgetting that she had herself provoked the scene. " You're always bullying me, and I won't be bullied. Ind life at home is miserable. If it wasn't for father, I'd run away and never, never come back again." She burst into tears, and sobbed till the sofa .d.nrar

"I'M bullying her! .aullying! And her home is miserable ! And she•il run away!" Mrs. Gretton moaned, and, retreating to an ottoman, fell into its cushions. Presently her groans were so heartre ,ding that Madge looked up. " Qh. don't, 'mother !" she sQiueaked.__ __ •

• • •OI—I will !".said Mrs. Gretton, sobbing. .If I desire to weep, who shall stay me?" But as her tears had no very obvious effect on Madge, she presently dried them delicately, and looked in much better social condition ,than her daughter, who had really been crying. "Do you desire that I should have the shame of telling your father about your conduct concerning that foolish, that lamentable affair, which doubt- less you must now regret ? " " N—no, " said Madge; "but I—l. don' t regret it." "Oh, you are shameless!" cried her mother. "But whether you regret it or not, I regret it \for you. It has caused me many sleepless hours, it has made me ill; it has made me weep through the watches of the long, long nights. And do not imagine though I say nothing, that lam unmindful of your welfare. My eye is always upon you ;my protecting care, so far as my health allows is always :bout you. Ungrateful as you are for a mother's unselfish love, you do not know all I have done, and am prepared to do, to save you from yourself."

But this was more than Madge could stand. She jumped up with blazing eyes. , "I do know, I do know what you have done. And it won't be any good." Mrs. Gretton started, but, controlling herself, raised her glasses. . _ .

"Oh, it ;on% be any good, Margaret? Please explain NA hat will not be any good!" Madge choked, and desired to scream. But tears came to her relief.

"Oh, you've sent him away!" she cried. "You have sent him away You and that horrible Nr Dan have sent him away!" "Good Heavens! And how does she know that'?" thought Mrs. Gretton. "To whom are you referring, Margaret?" she asked, in her most awful tones.

"You know very well," sobbed Madge. "But he'll come back again; I know he'll come back!" "Good Heavens 1" cried Mrs. Gretton., "Do you

mean—"

"Yes, I mean Captain Blundell— I do mean him. And you know I mean him !" screamed Madge. "And you've sent him into the Soudan, and if he dies I'll never speak to you aga4 Oh, never, never!"

She fell on the sofa and sobbed dreadfully, while her mother stared at her, and wondered how it was she had guessed the truth. But that she had dared to mention his name was not to be borne./ "You wicked girl=" "I'm not wicked," cried Madge i "it's you that are wicked and cruel. Oh, I'll not speak to you I" "You shall speak to me," said her mother, furiously. "What do you know about this man? Tell me I "

But in Madge's mind were awful pictures of the desert; she saw the red simoon and beheld vultures wheeling in a pitiless sky, under which toiled her exiled and faithful lover.

"For I love him," she 'said to herself. Richard V

Her mother was an alien, an enemy, a hostile influence dividing loving hearts. Her voice was harsh and hateful, her touch repulsive. She felt it on her shoulder now, and shook herself free. Then suddenly some dignity returned to her in her despair. "Mother, leave me alone," she cried; "you can say nothing that is any good to me or you. For you hive sent him away. And I'll never, never marry any other man in the world." Then suddenly the mother knew that her child was become a woman; she was no longer to be led or driven; her future lay in the lap of the gods. And for that knoment at least the elder woman hated her daughter bitterly.

If Ifedge in the first flush of delight at her lover's vivid passion had half forgiven her mother for what she had done, being assured it would in the end enhance Richard in the eyes of the world, now, after this conflict, she withdrew her pardon. Who but an enemy could have used such words or have spoken in a voice the very tone of which was an insult ? And if, for some incredible reason, such as desire of a marriage advantageous on worldly grounds, she was ready to sacrifice her child's happiness, it was her own wishes, not her daughter's, that she thought of. Therefore, she was selfish, and not only selfish, but unscrupulous. Madge saw dimly that the sense of defeat spurred her mothe; to renewed combat, and, knowing how she would take defeat herself, she viewed her fox ever with increasing suspicion. But if the immediate future lay with Fate, s decision final for years might in the end rest with her father. Madge knew that there was a limit of endurance in him. ant limit had never been reached by her mother, but his daughter felt that any interference with her happiness might find him an unsuspected reef in a smiling sea. And now he was her secret ally. What could detach him from her even for a time?

She answered that question when she went into his smoking-room that evening, and broke her mother's chief weapon in pieces. She sat down and told him all that she had done for 'Richard; she omitted nothing. "Why did you not tell me this before ? " he asked, sternly. "I was afraid. No, I was not afraid, But what good was it? " "And why do you tell me now ? " No subtlety or evasion could serve her like the truth, and that her instinct taught her. But hex air was half-innocent.

, "To prevent mother doing it." He did not speak for a minute. And the reason he did not was simple; he found he had nothing to say. Astonishment took away his breatil ;he was incredulous, And yet desired to laugh. And that Lord Graham had laughed was a great relief to him, as Madge knew it would be 'when- she insisted on it ;n her hurried story. It gave a serious matter the aspect of a huge joke ; it left him almost help- less. But even more than that it was his wonder at the child of yesterday being the woman of to-day. "Good Lord " he said at last. "Well—l'm

He stared at her curiously, and threw a cigar, which he had allowed to go out, into the grate. She kept her eyes upon the fire's red heart. "And Fielding?"

"He was—furious. And he's never spoken, to me since."

--She looked meek and sorrowful, and spoke as if she regretted it.

It Oh, dad, are you very angry?" • "It's not the word," he murmuvd, as he eyed her forlornly. Would a man be angry at an earthquake? Or M anything which changed the face of nature? "What's the good of being angry ? " he asked himself. "0 Madge!" She slipped down upon the hearthrug, and leant against his knee. I did try everything else, dad. And poor Richard was so unhappy at not having anything to do which was worth doing." "Then you are not sorry, Madge ?" IShe looked up at hini, and then looked down. "Not if you're not angry." i "But if lam F"

"I—can't be," whispered Madge, "because—" And the father sighed. But he let his hand rest

-aI to be very angry. Tror it was very wrong of you, Madge. And did Graham laugh. really!" „

Midge nodded. "He just shouted." "And you ? " "I cried. And I asked him to be sure and give Richard the D. 5.0., and he said if he deserved it he would have it. So it's all right." . . .

"I'm not at all surprised lie laughed," cried Gretton, a little drily. I don't imagine he often plays a part in such a comedy in Pall Mall. "It was a comedy then, dad?" He admitted by silence that so far it had turned out one.

"And you won't tell mother I told you?" "Why not? "Because—" said Madge, hesitating. "Why?" Madge blinked. ' "Well, because if you don't, she'll think she can get you on her side at any time. And if you do, she'll be trying all she can to make you take her part. And it will be very, very uncomfortable for you." "And—" said Gretton, with knitted brows. ' "And for me. Because she might do it. No,l say she couldn't." "I'm afraid I've gone a little too far," ka answered, doubtfully. (To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19060728_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Royalty at Goodwood and Cowes,—The Duke of Richmond will be assisted by his young unmarried daughter, Lady Helen Gordon-Lennox, and by his sister Lady Caroline Gordon-Lennox, in dispensing the hospitalities of Goodwood House, where the King will be a guest for the race week. The Queen will not go to Goodwood but will join the King on Board the Royal yacht Victoria and Albert, for the Cowes regetta week in the Solent. The Majesties will live on board but the King will spend 3 good deal of the time on his racing cutter" Britannia." His Majesty has asked for plans for anew racing yacht, which be is contemplating having built and fitted out for next season. Mr. Chamberlain's Wedding.—Mr. Austen Chamber- lain's marriage to Miss ivy Dundas drew an immense attendance to St. Margaret's, Westminster. The throng of people and the many beautiful and costly presents received by thebride andbriclegroore,constitutedrilmost a record in the history of Parliamentary weddings, and there was a remarkable gathering of prominent politicans of all parties. Unhappily Mrloseph Chamber- lain was prevented by a severe attack of gout from being present, which was a great disappointment to himself and family, and the many hundreds of guests who attended the reception. Mr. ard Mrs. Austen Chamberlain are spending the first part of the honey- moon at " Camilla Lacy "—Dorking. The place DOW belongs to M. Leverton Harris, but it is famous as the house which the authoress Fanny Burney built, with the proceeds of her much criticised novel " She had sprung into fame with her first book "Evelina" which appeared in 1778 but her genius was short lived, and although she received a larger sum for "Camilla " than had ever been paid for a novel, its literary demerits ruined her reputation as a writer. The late Lady Curzon.—The American coloey in London was largely represented at the memorial service of Lady Curzon, who was one of the most popular of the group`of American women who have settled in Europe. She had never been really well since her third daughter was born in March 1904, and her family did not approve of her return to India after her all but fatal illness at Weimer Castle. The climate tried her, but, although her health had long given cause for anxiety, her death came as a great shock to a wide circle cl friends. Lady Curzon was born in 1803, and at that time her father, the late Mr. Levi Leiter was in the drapery business, in Chicago. He however retired early in life, one of the richest men in America—and moved to Washington where the 1 eiters became one of the HOT-WEATHER WOES leading families in Society. Lady Curzon was married in 1895,and leaves three little daughters,the eldest being, Weak & Languid Every Summer; ten years old. The first American Peeresses.—Lady Curzon was the Drowsy; Nervous; Bloodless; first American to go out to India as the wife of a , Viceroy, but not the first American to be a Viceroy's ; DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS wife. The Marquis of Wellesley—who was Governor- I General of Bengal, underthe old East India Co., married Are the Finest Summer Tonic. in 1895. a daughter of Richard Caton, of Maryland. I A feeling as though all energy has oozed out at your She and her sister were the first Americans to marry finger-tips, with listlessness, dejection and inability to into our aristocracy. One became Duchess of Leeds, concentrate your mind on work: these are common and another married Lord Stafford. Marianne, who troubles during the summer months. Dr. Williams' married the Marquis of Wellesley as her second husband, Pink Pills brighten and strengthen exhausted systems, was the widow of Robert Paterson, whose sister was dispel laSsitlide and impart energy by enriching the the first wife of Jerome Bonaparte. She could thus impoverished blood. claim marriage relationship with both Wellington and "Every summer I felt so weak and lanenid," said Napoleon, who fought at Waterloo. ! attse At,nip woodhonse, who lives at River Mount The Dangers of the Streets.—lt has been said that 'n,e-Wilirs Farm, anapton, Norfolk, the safest place was the first-class carriage of an express " that I became really ill. train, but recent experience has somewhat modified .1111. Hot days took all the life that view. The broad ocean rather suggests a more' out of me, and I was only confident sense of security, and the many terrible acci-Pinir Pills fit to sit still, without dents for which motor busses and electric tramcars are strength to walk a dozen responsible have inspired the thought that it is almost . yarus. Uy neau was 'heavy, my eyes dull and weary' time the Church instituted another prayer for those in and I lost 'colour. I ssemed to have no blood to keep peril on the streets. Certainly in London and the great up my strength, and each year I became a greater provincial cities and towns, the motor traffic has greatly victim to weakness, nervousness, and fits of palpitation. increased the peril of the streets, as well as provine Li The lassitude that attacked me during summer months terror to cyclists and wayfarers along Checountry roads. reduced me also to a state of collapse. I turned from The motor bus seems especially a source of danger, food ; even the lightest diet caused sharp pains of amongst city traffic, and the number of accidents, indigestion in my chest. I looked wretched, and became together with its oileous and noisy progression, have ,as thin as a lath. Holidays did me no good, and my all contributed to raise an outcry against it. In spite, anemic state became more,pronounced. however, of its dangers and aggressive appearance, it "Then I was advised by a friend to try Dr. Williams' affords quick travelling and is therefore popular with ; Pink Pills for Pale People. I did, and was pleased to the public, whilst no -doubt in time it will overcome find, after taking them for a short time, that I was many of the initiardifficulties of such an enterprise. I brighter and stronger. The dizziness left me, my Women and Acrobatic Performances. —The Govern- 1. appetite returned, without meals being followed by meat have withdrawn their Dangerous Performances indigestion, and I steadily regained energy and health, (Women) Bill, which threatened to seriously interfere , being able to do work in comfort. I am, in fact, quite with acrobatic and athletic exhibitions. There are said astonished at the wonderful improvement this pills have to be several thousand women who earn their living effected in my health." by such performances, and had the Bill passed, it would i Good, new blood and fresh vital energy are supplied hive been at the discretion ot any magistrate, who is ! by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, which not usually an expert in such matters, to prohibit I have cared Mimi», General Weakness, Indigestion, them as dangerous. Naturally the whole body of women . Rheumatism Sciatica, St. Vitus' Dance, Nervous Dia- performers protested against the Bill, and with such orders, and Ladies' Ailments. Of all dealers, or direct I effect that it has been withdrawn. Its original inten- ' from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co. Holborn-viaduct, tion was to prohibit women performing in such feats: London, 2s. 9d. a box, or six for 13s.'9d. Common pills as looping the loop, parachute descents, and others, , coated pink will not cure you, so mind you ask for Dr. whose only attracticnis are the danger they involve to Williams'. life and limb. That is an entirely worthy object and it ' seems astonishing that Parliament cannot accomplish it without unduly interfering with the rights and liberties of others engaged in a legitimate profession. Our Quick-Change Weather.—The British climate is certainly unfortunate in its quick change variations, which make it so difficult for us to arrange our summer *style of dress and living. 'One day it is insufferably } The annual general meeting of tlie shareholders of hot and the next it is chilly, so that we dare not the Union Bank of Manchester Limited was held at the venture away from home without-the greater part of head office of the Bank, York Street, Manchester, on our wardrobe, even for a brief summer holiday. That Wednesday. means a lot of luggage, which, unless we can go about 1 The chair was occupied by G. C. Haworth, Esq., as the rich do, with servants and others to deal with all (Chairman of the Bank).who said,turning•to the balance the inconveniences of travelling is a nuisance. We sheet: the reserve fund has been increased by £3,000. grumble a good deal, but on the whole the British The current, deposit, and other accounts are £4,246,283, climate is as good as any in the world. There is .no , being about £lOO,OOO more than.at this time last year. doubt about that although it would certainly be better We regard tbis increase as a satisfactory one in view of if we could have it portioned out toes, in more settled the very great competition now for deposits and small seasons, so that we could adjust our arrangements loans on the part of corporations, savings banks, and accordinely. , hanks generally. 'I may mention, however, that the real The Home-Made Washlog Skirt—The leading dress- increase is much greater than would appear from these makers are cutting coats and skirts, even when of the figures, as our deposits, strictly so called, are much washable kind, so as to make them as seamless as larger than at this time last year,but the credit balance possible. Not so long ago, no skirt that bad less than on the current accounts have not increased to the same thirteen, or fifteen gores in it, was quite correct, but degree, from the simple fact that trade is so very good note it is the other way about. The home-workershow- with our customers that they are using money pretty ever, who contemplates the running up of a washing freely, and many of those who have in past years kept skirt, would do well not to attempt the circular cut, balances to their credit are requiring help from the The skirt FO fashioned is very apt to sagseven when Bank. Accepted Bills, dcc„ £438,238. This item shows built by skilled hands, and a gored skirt is certainly a steady growth, but otherwise it does not appear to preferable for all washing materials, as it will always call for special comment. 'On the assets side of the face more successfully the ordeal of a visit to,the balance sheet you will find cash in hand, &c.., £521,101, cleaner or the laundress. The home dressinakershoirld which is substantially less than the corresponding of course be careful to Shrink all braid used for binding period of last year, hut my remarks on the credit the hems of washing skirts. It should beeoaked in balances will explain this. lukewarm 'writer for several hours, and then dried and The investments are £6l6.3ol,which is practically the ironed, as unless this is done, the skirt is sure to come same as last half year. Bills of exchange are £621,810, back from its first visit to the wash, all puckered round or about £OO,OOO less than this time last year, which is the edge from the tightened braid. accounted for by the ordinary fluctuations of our busi- MADGE. ness. The total liquid assets amount to £1,759,214, which is a somewhat smaller percentage to our I liabili- ties than was the case when we last met together but NEW ST. HELENS MAGISTRATES this, I think. I have fully explained, and it is only , temporary. Loans and advances to customers, £3,144,596, show an increase of £550,000as compared with this time I last year. We, who are familiar with the business of The names of the following gentlemen were on the Bank, look upon this item as a specially satisfactory Tuesday added to the Commission of the Peace for the one, in view of the present condition of trade. It will borough of St. Helens by the City Sealkeeper at show you as shareholders whet we ourselves know as Preston is that the Union Bank of Manchester Limited Frederick Peter Dromgoole, newspaper proprietor, Elmbank, Rainford rd. s sharing to the fullest extent in the excellent trade Thomas Edmundsons mineral water manufacturer, which is at present benefiting this district. A consider- 'Tweed Villa, Laurel-road. ' able portion of the increase is caused by new business, David Gamble. jun., gentleman, Windle Cottage. and this new business is of such a character as to give us the greatest satisfaction. Thomas Hamblett, clothier and outfitter, 34,1 The chairman moved: That the report of thedirectors 'Westfield-street. t Thomas Jenkinson, mechanical engineer, 17, Windle- for the half-year ended the 30th Juno 1900, now read,be street received and adopted and entered on the book of pro- . Thomas Kelley, glass bottle manufacturer, Windle. ceed Inge. shaw House. Abbey-road. Mr. Humphreys mid he had great pleasure in second- ing this resolution. He had no doubt—and his fellow Henry Ratcliffe Lacey, gentleman, Welton House, Cowley-hill. i share-holders would agree with him—that it was a very Wilfred Haswell Leach, auctioneer, The Gables, satisfactory report, and had been put before them by • Archway-road, Hilyton. ,the Chairman in an extremely clear and impartial William Middlehurst, gentleman,Bute House, Prescot- manner. • road. The resolution was then submitted to the meeting George Parr, secretary to St. Helens and District and carried unanimously. Trades and Labour Council, 91, Harris-street. The Chairman, moved the re-appointment of Mr. Addey and Mr. Oliver as directors, and the resolution James Henry Standring, clothier, 98. Westfield-street. was carried unanimously. Six of the IteW magistrates are Liberals, two are, Liberal Unionists, and three—Messrs. Standring, Parr It was moved by air. Holt and seconded by Mr. and Hainblett—are members of the Labour party. Dutton, that Messrs. Jones, Crewdson and Youatt be a will be remembered that MeStandring was one of those and are hereby appointed auditors of the company, andthat the remuneration be 300 guineas, to include all fined at Widnes on Thursday week for obstructing travelling expenses. Victoria-square. I The usual votes of thanks concluded the proceedings.

PRESENTATION TO MR. BALFOUR.

FIFTEEN YEARS' PENAL SERVITUDE.

in October—probably on the 20th—Mr. Balfour. will I call at Manchester on his way from Scotland to receive , a souvenir presentation given to lajm by the Conserva- tives of East Manchester in commemoration of his twenty years' representation of the division in Pia.la- , ment.

At the Staffordshire Assizes on Tuesday, a labourer named Nicholls was indicted frr the murder of his mother. Mary Blackham, at Wolverhampton. He was found guilty of munslaughter, and sentenced to fifteen years' penal servitude.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESS-FASHION-HOME

CHILDREN AT GARDEN PARTIES.

Few garden parties appear to be considered complete nowadays without a fair contingent of children of all ages; in fact, the young invites nowadays look upon this form of entertainment as almost their own prerogative. As a conse- quence their toilets are a matter of serious con- sideration to the nursery authorities, for, al- though over-dressing in the matter of juvenil& attire can hardly be looked upon as one of the modistic sins of the present season, a certain amount of elaboration is tecessary. Some dainty little frocks of white mercerised lawn have been made of late, the skirts of which are trimmed with bands of hand-painted muslin, many women whose talents- lie in this direction designing charming schemes of wreaths of roses, forget-me- nots, and daisies. White muslin is also frequently adorned with frills edged with fine Malines lace, embroidered in washing. silks, and run through with bibe ribbon.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
A CHARMING DRESS.

From tusgoro silk or Shantung may be evolved the most charming dresses. One depicted in this column is relieved with touches of some bright contrasting colmir such as pale blue or cerise velvet or satin ribbon, or whatever colour is most becoming to the Wearer. The full bodice

opens in a small V-shape at the peek, tbe open- ing being bordered with the coloured velvet or ribbon. The material on the shoulders is ar- ranged in small neat tucks, and there are bretelles of coarse lace insertion, which are cen- tinued down beneath the belt as far as the tucks that trim the hem of the skirt. At the waist the fulness of the bodice is .drawn in with a pretty belt of the ribbon, each row finishing in a small bow. The sleeves are trimmed with the lace insertion, running from the shoulder to the cuff at the elbow, the cuff itself being of the inser- tion, and finished with a narrow turn-back cuff cal velvet or satin to match the ribbon.

Gretton put his hand on her shoulder. "Not my child Madge?" "Yes, but not hers, She is cruel and seNsh.. "You must not say such things," said her father, who was terribly distressed. "Must not ?" cried Madge. "Then I will think them. Take me to see him, dad; take me now." "What" makes you think your mother and Sir Dan have done this?,, "I know it." "But what makes you think so?" She stared at him hopelessly. "Oh, I know mother. Will you take me or must I go alone?" And but yesterday she had been a child! "I'll take you," said her father. "Have you had breakfast?" She shook her head. "I want none." He• made her drink some coffee and they went out together and took a hansom. "Then you do love him, Madge F" She would have played with him yesterday; she wovild have been indirect, subtle, elusive. But fl w -- "Oh, yes," said Madge, staring straight ahead, far down the road. "Do you doubt it?" He di,cl not doubt it, for this was a strange oreature by his side; not the Madge he knew. lie 'held her hind tightly and did not speak. "Go up first and tell him," she commanded, and her fatter obeyed her as if he were the child. He fond Richard at a.breakfast of dry toast and tea. His grim face lighted strangely when Gretton was announced. "I got Tour letter and I've brought—her." Richard gripped his hand. "God !less you, sir. Am I doing wrong to go It breaks my heart." "You a i't help Richard shook his head. "And where is she F" "In the cab. I'll bring her up in a minutie, Blundell. I believe I'm acting like a cursed fool from/. social point of view. But I'm doing it foi her. nf you go and get killed or don't make her happy when you come back I shall be the most miserable man en earth. She's home and life tc me." "I understand, sir." He gripped Gretton's hand again. "I'll come back. Oh, go and fetch her, sir. Is she much cut up ?" Gretton's lip quivered. He nodded and went out. He came back with Madge in a minute, and, pushing her into the room, leant outside ag tinst the wall with tears running down his face. • “So yon do love me, Richard ? " asked Madge, holding him a little away from her for a moment and staring into his eyes. His set face broke up as a river breaks its ice. "Oh, yes, you do," said Madge. Her strength faled; the was held close to him. She felt his kisses. "My blessed, blessed darling," he cried, and, lifting her in his arms as thou& she were a child, heiteld her to his heart. • She put her arms about his neck, and laid her head upon his shotilder. "Shall I lose you, Richard ?" "I shall c tine back." "Are you sure?" "I know it. But lie 'did not know it, and even as he spoke he saw the red rim of the desert dancing in hot haze, "Must you go? How cruel of- you! Oh, forgive me, ,Richard, Richard. I'll be strong." He sat down with her in his arms. "You will be like this when I come back." She twisted herself round, and, sitting up, took his face in her hands. "Even if I were dead, Richard, and if you were —dead, I'd be yours till I joined 'yon." They sat in silence, and then she murmured hi him like a spring of sweet water. "My own,..own. What a dear, dear letter you wrote to me." She felt him tremble. • "How can I leave her?" he cred, softly. "My hero, come back to lee again. My own dear man." "My chosen among all women—my Rebecca at the well." "I would go with you into the desert. You leave one in me, Richard. "I take an oasis with me, child. How good of yan to come to me. Will you come again before I go? " "I'll do anything you ask me." She almost fainted. "Call dad in now, Richard; we cannot stay." Her father came in, feeling as if he had no business there. ,He laid his hand on Iris daughter's head. "Thank you for being so good to me, sir," said her lover. "And to me, too, dear, dear father." He looked much older, she thought, and in his TO-DAY'S RECIPE, face she read what it meant to lose, her. ' MAOEDOINE OF FRUIT.—Take equal quantities "I'm not going to leave you yet." of red and white currants. Take also lib. of But she wished that she was, and he knew. it. raspberries, lib. of strawberries, lb. of white "You will soon, Madge. It will be onll a little grapes, Alb. of black gram, six sound bananas, -,vhile." Nitd half-a-dozen ripe apricots. Stalk, string, But that the Devil knew. and stone the fruit, and pinch each grape "Take care of her for me, s(r," said Richard, slightly. Peel and slice the bananas, split the "and when you give her me I'll try to make her apricots, and cut each into half-a-dozen or moro happy-. Good-bye, Madge. You will come once pieces. Place the fruit as finished in a bowl. niece? Cover it with fine sifted sugar. Add to it a ~yes," said her lather, "1 proniisa that she sherryglatful of brandy or rum. .Mix the whole together gently but firmly. and place the bowl in a cool corner of the larder for two hours. He almost had to carry her down.tairs, hod as Serve with confectioner's whip piled high on top. titcy drove home a;ain ,slie never spoke a word. never For the whip, mix 1 pint of cc-cold water with For Madge was in a dream and Ile was trolls- -1 pint o; double cream. Then take an egg-whisk, ff.:tired ; she had come into her inlieliatnce. The and whisk to a froth. Remove the froth as it tc-orld of- things was unreal ;or it was new since rises, and place it on a hair sieve. Continue to_ she Saw with deeper eyes. The crowded streets whisk until there is no more froth. Then use as directed. w nen procurarne, spring water unrolled before her in a more vivid canoraina should be used for. this. Failing it, use boiled ..:11ieh touched her strangely. These p3ople 'were water which has been allowed to get cold, and 'ike herself"; they lived, and loved, and died; they then poured into a jug from a height. *Double cream should always be used when making this wiiinif talstaiitable.

1 r ...,tr.cst . ..... .2,5,. , p. ~ ..3,, ... „. :i.,...,/y/k, ik 7 a : _ ....„.., , , ~, ;5 • , ,/ f' Iji'l, • \ ,it . (2. ; ' . '• I'. 1 . • ' i IS '2,4 .• 1 ~..- 0 .. i t? :1 \ ' • 4#l 1 j II; ';',l . ‘'.:l.\\ •\ \ •'. ti,,ltir I . Aii• 1 : \„,,,,v,,,,v: ••,,.. • tt, - --i414-1, Illre 'r -, i •:, ,_•\ -'-' •, ,r \*, \ "--x k

===== 0002601_19060728_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
G OSSIP.

The late Mr. Alfred Beit never married, but apparently he had had his•romance. It has be- come known that when, in. 1890, he insured his life in the New York Equitable Insurance Corn. poly for £20,000, he provided that £15,000 of this was to be paid at his death to ." Elizabeth _Bennett, my intended wife." A story is being told about Mr. Chamberlain's tve-year-old granddaughter, Miss Richards, who was one of the train-bearers at the wedding of Miss Dunda.s and Mr. Austen Chamberlain. When being fitted at the modiste's for the frock she was to wear she insisted that her dolly must have an identical dress made, as "she, also, wishes to be a bridesmaid." "Arid please take great care of her," she said, when she left her doll to be dressed. "And don't leave her alone in tho dark, because she would be so frightened."

===== 0002601_19060728_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
DiazrrHr Mtreux BLouss.

Depicted in our illustration we have a dainty little blouse in book muslin, glorified by many and various tucks. The pointed yoke is com- posed of minute tuckings 'laid vertically, and is edged with bebe Valenciennes lace. The lower or "skirt" part of the blouse is,tucked horizon- tally, the tucks being distinctly wider here than in the yoke. They follow the pointed line of the yoke outline, and where they meet in the centre are placed medallion insets of Valenciennes lace edged with frilling,s. The sleeves are composed of two puffs, separated by a band of tucks, and finished at the c".lyrs, with lace frills. The day of endless transparencies is at an end, and now slips of some description are usually worn under thin blouses. A good silk slip or a creamy satin

one is a valuable possession, for it doubles the value of any blouse under which it is worn; and in these latter days, when most summer frock.a are mounted over white, one slip will serve for r.ll blouses, and perhaps a dress or two as welL

r, P _\. \ • ~..• .y.i,„N..: ; , :, \ , N . h IV., .e/ 1,,/, /1 ,'„ ,•• ‘i.f/ ' •

===== 0002601_19060728_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
A WELL-KNOWN SCOTTISH WRITER.

Readers of the Woman at Home, the People's Friend, and many other magazines and journals will learn with regret of the early death of that gifted writer, •" Hannah Drown Mackenzie." Mrs. Welsh, who won her literary reputation under her maiden name, was the daughter of John Mackenzie, of Dochcarron in Ross-shire, and of Georgina Brown. Through her mother she was directly • descended from the author of " Brown's Bible," and nearly related to Dr. John Brown, who wrote "Rab and his Friends." At, the aze of fourteen she was publishing verses in the Poet's Corner of the Glasgow Weekly Herald. At sixteen she did work for the review. ing columns of the Glasgow Herald. Like many other Scottish writers, her first serious attempts in fiction were published in the People's Friend, to which she contributed aerial stories. Her best known books are "After Touch of Wedded Hearts," "Crowned Victor," and "Hector Macrae."

===== 0002601_19060728_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
A SON OF EMPIRE

By MORLEY ROBERTS,

',Author of "The Westena Avernus," " Strong ' Men and True," "The Ea:rth Mothcr, " "Red Earth," "The Great Jester," &o,

===== 0002601_19060728_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXII.

, She fell upon her knees by her bed and prayed I to Heaven and to Him, and when she rose she was quiet, and, as it seemed, very, very old. Ifer mother; her very father' were of a strange world. She had left them, and belonged body and soul and spirit to this, her departing lover. What there was to bear she could endure, but let him lift his little finger, and not all the chains in the family could hold her. What was anything weighed taminst this strong man's love? She, recognised far more easily than a girl with- out insight into soldiering could have done how difficult it would be for Richard to refuse the position now offered him. That it must ,be dangerous she knew, in spite of the way her lover : softened down its hazards, and that was the very reason he must accept it. But how came it tO be offered him at all? How was it that Major-General Turner knew he was in England? A poor captain comes home with no public F houting, and 'nothing had been said of his arrival in any paper. When Madre had got so far she found it easy to go further. She and Richard owed this to Sir Dan and her mother who had conspired together. That explained Mrs. Gretton's malicious smile as nothing else could do; it explained the reason of their not now going back to Gretton Park. How cruel end cowardly it was of them. They had plotted .her lover'edeath ; they were no better than murdi revs. How triumphant her mother would he! Knowing nothing of their haviug met, she would believe they could not meet now. • "Does she think I am a child still? asked Madge, bitterly, as she passed her mother's door. "I will shew her that I am a woman." She met her father in the hall and went up to him straight. He was looking very serious. "Has Richard written to you, too?" she asked, staring him in the face. "Yes,' Madge.",_ "Come into your room, I nant to speak to you," she said, in a low strained voice. She was very white and her eyes wen) heavy- lidded. _

"Oh, my Oear!" said her father, taking her in his arms. She kissed him and freed herself. "Mother has done this," she cried. "Mother and Sir Dan; I know it." • "How ?," asked Grotto-rt. "I know it. She has tried to kill him. Perhaps he will be killed. I will never forgive her." She looked wild and spoke wildly. "Hush!" said her father. "I will not hush," cried Madge. "Father, if this is true I will never speak to her again till he comes back safe or I know he is deal" "You don't mean it, Madge ? " "Oh, you don't know me either," said Madge, bitterly. "Can't you see I'm not a child any more?"

===== 0002601_19060728_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE UNION BANK OF MANCHESTER LIBIITED.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Rewsey-road Wesleyan Church. The services at this church on Sunday wore well- attended. In the morning the preacher was the Rev, J. Manning who based a powerful discourse on the words: —" I went by the field of the slothful,and by the vine- yard of the man void of understanding ; and, 10, it was all grown over with thorns, and nettles had covered the face thereof, and the stone wall thereof was broken down. Then I saw, and considered it well ; I looked upon it and received instruction. Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep; so shall thy poverty come as one that travelleth, and thy want as an armed man" (Proverbs xxiv., 30 to 34). At the evening service Mr. Peake, a young local preacher, gave an excellent sermon on the text: " Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian ' " (Acts xxvi., 28.) The choir effectively rendered the anthem " Lead kindly light " Mr. W. Pearoe presiding at the organ. Christ Church, Padgate. The annual services on behalf of the day and Sunday schools were held MI Christ Church, Padgate, on Sunday. Tne morning preacher was the Rev. B. Percival, vicar of St. Peter's, Warrington, who made a very strong appeal for definite religious teaching in both classes of school. Re pointed out the great sacri- fices that churchpeople had made on behalf of their schools, mentioning the fact that since 1870 they had raised over thirty millions sterling for school building, - whereas they had the option of having Board Schools built by the rates, had they been satisfied with the religious teaching which would have been given within their walls. He deplored the fact -that the teaching in the Wairington Secondary School was of a purely secular character and appealed for the unity of the various denominations in order that a scheme of religious %relit might be drawn up and taught to the pupils of this institution. Ihe preacher in the evening was the Rev. S. E. Dymott, vicar of St. ". Bridget's, Wavertree, eho also pointed out the unsatis- factory condition of the present Education Bill from a Churchman's point of view. In the morning Simper's anthem," 0 how amiable " was rendered by the choir, while in the evening the anthem rendered was " Let Clod arise "by the same composer. Mr. F. Blackwell presided at the organ.

Rev. W. Bracecamp Declines Important Living. The Rev. W. Bracecamp bad been offered and has declined the living of Christ Church, Attercliffe, Sheffield, rendered vacant by the resignation of the Rev. Geo. Depledge, who has held it for 35 years. The net value of the living is £6OO. Preaching in St. Paul's Chnreh, on Sunday evening from the words :—" Trust in the Lord with all thino heart, and lean not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge Him, and He shall direct thy' , path,'; the Rev. W. Bracecamp said :—No doubt some of • you have seen from the local newspapers that a pressing ( invitation has been given me to accept an importarl position in Sheffield—a position I never sought, in fact I did not know that the living was vacant until Tuesday morning, when, among my other letters came 0110 from the patron of the living asking me to carry on God's work in a very large centre of industry with a population of from 20,000 to 22,000 with a very large church—and altogether lin important sphere of work. My decision has alread,v been given, as on my way to church this evening '- posted a letter to the patron of the living telling ; 40. that I could not see my way to accept the offer gave him my reasons. I quite remembered ' tha „ four years ago you were good enough to invite me '" become the Vicar of this parish. I was unknown to the majority of you, and there was practically a unanimous vote that I should come amongst you, and be your Vicar. You placed confidence in me,and, therefore,l con- sider that four years is too short a time in which to give you a return for the confidence you then placed in me. Perhaps some of you may think I am making a mistake, but I did not consider the extra money and position. I tried to leave money in the background, and to look at the matter in the light that half a loaf in the place where one is happy and surrounded by a congregation that will support one, as this congregation supports me. is worth a whole loaf where there is no happiness, aud where there may not be the support I am receiving here. I ask for your confidence in the future as I have bad it in the past, and I ask you to help me all you possibly can, and give me credit for trying to do my duty to you. The announcement of the refusal of the living gave the congregation great pleasure, and both Mr. and Mrs. Bracecamp were heartily thanked at the conclusion of the service for the decision they had arrived at.

A PAMPERED POODLE.

Some of the items in an account which a high.class- West End veterinary surgeon sought to recover at the Marylebone County Court an Tuesday for attendance on a Nevern-square gentleman's pet fox terrier included whiskey, beef tea, and eggs. The dog was taken into plaintiff's infirmary with a broken thigh, another veterinary surgeon was called in for consultation, and an operation baying been found necessary, the pampered creature was given chloroform. The claim in all was .Cl 7 odd, and Judge Selfe allowed plaintiff £ll 17s. 6d.

Liabt Fare for Little Folk.

A Corn Flour Custard Shape served with the stewed juice of fresh fruit, instead of cream.

Any fruit in season, but only oize Corn Flour Browp eg Poison's

" Patept." Recipe for this dish in the packets.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
A HOT WEATHER SUIT IS OUR SAXONY FLANNEL SUIT.

IT IS WORN BY HOLIDAY-MAKERS-ATHLETIC MEN- BUSINESS MEN-.-AND ALL WELL-DRESSED MEN.

And it is as stylish as the most fashionable Check or Tweed Suit; for in addition to the ever-present White Flannels,

we show some choice designs in varied combining coolness with gentility—ease

colorings,

thus

in wear

with

perfection of fit.

Yet our tharge is not high. ' Prices run from 50/-

BOYDELL BROS., 43, Bridge Street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

Tfie grasshopper over the Royal Exchange, `l,ondon, is more than 10ft. in length.

A penny has been drawn out by a skilled lletal worker into 5,700 feet of wire. .

Glass dating from ancient times has exactly he same component parts as that of to-day, !bile the processes used seem to have been very niilar.

Of the natives of India, about 2,000,000 can 'IOW read English.

Sir Henry Camph-11-Bannerman is one of the wealthiest members of the House of Commens.

The Eskimo gives his doctor a fee as soon he comes. If the patient recovers, it is kept; it not, it is returned.

The hour was divided into sixty minutes be- tlise no other small number has so many ivisions as sixty. It can be evenly divided by , 3,4, 5,6, 10, 12, 15, 20, and 30. • • •

lirty-six thousand people have, on occasion, 7, en accommodated in St. Paul's Cathedral, but ~,"'en temporary galleries, etc., were erected. un festivals between 6,000 and 7,000 people lnd seats. At an ordinary servioe about 4,000 People will make the cathedral look full. In the Malay peninsula is to be found the smallest coin in the world. It is a wafer made from the resinous juice of a tree, its value being estimated at one-thousandth of our penny.

An anti-handshaking society has been formed at Lisbon. Members who hake hands will be fined 25., and the money will be pooled and ex• Pended in the purchase of lottery tickets for the benefit of the members who obey the rules. *

Trustworthy statisticians declare that there 230,000,000 Mohammedane in the world. „!•11e Christian population is put at 447,000,000, Mt the increaee of Islam is more rapid than kLt of the combined Christian denominations.

7trince Ferdinand of Bulgaria is an expert 'aniet. and likes nothing better that to go 'tit on an expedition in search of rare plants.

The Paris poodle is now sheared by machinery. Clipping machine, driven by a two and a ha-1f lorse-power gasolene motor, is mounted on heels, and moved from street to street as re- Dared. The resultlis stated to average six dogs hour.

Mr. W. Ecele6tone.: the heaviest man in .ng-

iand. wh9 weighs 3Pst. 61b. and possesses —a irylike waist of Cit. sin.. is the landlord of the ,L'oach and Horses at Stonebridge-park, Willes- n. and is well known, in sporting circles. Mr. '-',e-eleetone has made a study of fat men, and 4Vinks he may write a book on' them some day. is convinced that the ordinary theories that aughing 'makes us fat and worry thin are all

-11 r. T. Edison, the inventor, in a forecast ol future of electricity, says the steam engine ill be driven out of use, and it will, he be- !vos. be possible to have reliable air-ships that 91 carry passengers. If the way to get the elec• lc energy cut of coal by one direct process can discovered it will, he says, make it possible drive ships across the sea by electricity at le rate of fifty miles an hour—three days across he Atlantic from shore to shore.

• • . Xing Oscar 11. of Sweden—late of Norway.-- th," second oldest reigning Sovereign, Main- "'lg (Manchester). - He was born in 1829 blrloftt aged monarch is King Christian IX. cam:PT ark-, father of Queen Alexandra. He OCcni)sal") the world in 1818. The ruler who haa a throne the longest time is the Em- ro.r Francis Joseph of Austria, who took pos. of his crown in 1848. • * * A. curious mode of catching turtles is prac- l.,nd in the West Indies. It consists in attach- hg a ring and a line to the tail of a species of sucker-fish, which is then thrown overboard, and linmeaiatelv makes for the first turtle he can stlY. to wliich he attaches himself very firmly 'Y means of a sucking appitratus arranged on the top of his head. The &Merman then hauls both turtle and sucking-fisb in. •. * • It is not ge—nerally known that the wearing of -ervice uniform by a civilian is an arena Punishable by law, but this does not apply to ta-ge plays performed in a plane that has been Uly licensed for theatrical representations. n 0 Act includes any dress having the appear- "lee of uniform._

v'rhe Thedive of Egypt is one of the potentatee 1)o have profited—both morally and financially om the protection of Britain. In addition 4411i6 annual grant of £lOO,OOO he has amassed it. enormous private fortune, in the manage- of winch he has had the opportunity, si 111,4'11 as the tendency, to be a good deal thriftier R„411 his preclecessiar.• Not only its he a mono- and a teetotaler. but it i 6 said that he not smoke—not even an Egyptian cigarette! gets up at 611 every morning, and can talk RIX languages.

:Per some time Nottingham has been recog- -21,„',,1'a as one of the foremost towns in the as regards the number of swimmers in iir,7l"at• The leading club can claim the die- any ";(1" of having the largftst meMbenship of --1141ar inAitation humland, with close 00 • d- r,4wi mers' in&di ung ladies. The Edu- 'ttit'A° n -°runnli'ittee also do tueir utmcst to pro- art among the young, and at the Fire. •„ "Ine there are 1,186 girls and 2,118 hops r ;rt. -• "

lillighst Lowest

In 1,2r10n.

summer nine oeflociglrie suoceecieci in swiming two mii•.=._s in the Trent.

The origin of the custom of firing a volley over a Roidier's grave is connected with the ancient belief that evil spirits were kept away from a body by making a great noise. Of this we have an example in the "passing hell." After the invention of firerarms, the. latilp &Wilke became emblednaiical of the Wo nrofession—of his baying fallen amidst the sounds of battle.

A ra—ier curious history is attached to the march-past of the Ist Dragoon Guards. The quick-step which is known as "Raditzky" is really the marth-past of the Raditzky Hussars, an Austrian cavalry coupe. It was adopted by the let Dragoon Guards at the instigation of their•foreign bandmaster, Who claimed to be ite composer, but it was really written by the cele- brated Johann Strauss.

Mr. Fletcher Moulton, K.C., M.P., is one of the -meat- remarkable men at. the Bar. Born in 1844, the son of a Wesleyan minister, he waa Senior Wrangler and Smith's Prizetnan at Cam- bridge in 1868, was President of the Union, and, not content with these honours, he became a gold medallfst of London University. He had not been long at the Bar when he became a leading authority on patent law, in which his rare mathematical and scientific ability gave him pre- eminence. •

Frederick William I. of Prussia used to spend many hilarious hours it the Tobacco Club, where his chief delight was to make his guests the butt of his practical jokes. A favourite victim was Jacob von Gundling, •an eminent scientist, whom on one occasion his majesty ordered to read aloud certain abusive articles about himself which the Bing had sent to the daily papers; while by his side was placed a monkey dressed in exact imitation of the pro- fessor, which he was compelled to enibrace as his brother.

The story of how Sir George Kekewich left Oxford is amusing. He was at Bailiol and rose there to the highest eminence as an oarsman and a racket-player. But he had no taste for an appearancepa:tbytnfw dinoa,aye ,ifDhHio chatiel, and during his last term never once put in an attendance. The result was that the Dons sent him down for three days. This annoyed him so much that he shook the dust of Oxford for ever off his feet, withdrew his "caution" money, which amounted to £2ooff the college books, and went to spend it in feasting in London. Thus he returned to his parents with- out having taken a degree.

The Victoria Cross was first issued by a Royal Warrant dated January 29, 1856, for the pur- pose of rewarding individual acts of bravery. Any additional act of bravery is recorded by a oar attached to the ribbon by which the cross is suspended. A pension of £lO a year is oestowed upon non-commissioned officers end men only who receive the cross, and a furthis pension of £5 is given with each extra bar.

•f 47 • • "' ' .5;44:0±- ot••15 ." •-•-f.::> • e' 14 • C 0 0 I in Quality. - • "?.' t . •

===== 0002601_19060728_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NOTES.

It is not necessary to go far from home for interesting news. Here is the story of a woman in St. Helens, which is not only striking in itself, but will prove of practical value to many of 114 here. It is good to find anyone so ready to tell her experience for the benefit of others. Mrs. M. Daniels, 14, Drake-street, St. Helens says : "Before I used Doan's Backache Kidney Pills I suffered terribly from kidney complaint,and I didn't know what to do for the best. There were such severe pains in my back, and it was so weak that [ could not carry my baby. When I stooped, the pains caught me, and were very bad between the shoulders and down my sides. It was quite a struggle for me to get up from a chair, and often I had to talc) hold of something for support. I tried various medicines, but they did me no good. "It was not until I began with Doan's Backache Kidney Pills that I got any relief. These pills not only eased the pains, but they thoroughly cured me, and I have not suffered since. (Signed), Martha Daniels." Doun's Backache Kidney Pills are two shillings and ninepence per box (six boxes for thirteen shillings and ninepence). Of all chemists and stores, or post free, direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W. Doan's are the pills that cured Mrs. Dani3ls. :34

===== 0002601_19060728_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. ELPHIN'S CLERGY SCHOOLS.

The Prize Distribution.

On Tuesday at St. Flphin's School, Darley Dale, the Bishop of Liverpool distributed 200 prizes and certifi- cates won by the daughters of the clergy in the dioceses of Liverpool, Chester, and Manchester. There was a large attendance. The Bishop in his address, stated that the school was now under far better conditions than when at Warrington. There had only been one case of infectious disease at the school during the year and that was so quickly isolated that it did not spread. Through the kindliness of Canon Willis a chapel had been added to the premises during the year. A new organ would shortly be introduced into the school, and towards that something like £4O more was required to cl.ar off the cost A new sanatorium was greatly needed, and for this to be up-to-date £l,OOO would be required, and be hoped that sum would be raised without encroaching on their present flnancies. He congratulated Miss Kennedy and her staff on the success the school had attained, and he was pleased to state that it was uow under the Board of Education as a training school for elementary school mistresses. The school bad attained its highest position in numbers during the past year. He urged the students to have for their ideal the sundial, and for their motto "Ad Lucern (applause.)—lt should be stated that grants amounting to £2,065 were made to the Widows and Orphans' Fund. The income arising from investments was £833, collections £336, subscrip- tions £692, donations £l5O. During the past year Dorothy Temperley had gained the Goldsmiths' Com- pany Scholarship of £6O a year to Girton. Miss Flood, one of the teachers, bad gained her M.A., degree at the Dublin University. After tea the students gave Roeckel's cantata" The Hours." in a very praiseworthy manner

===== 0002601_19060728_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
Soap modesty

It is difficult to appear modest in talking about a thing that is so much better than anything called by the same name.

We won't lie; we won't exaggerate; we will only state facts. Please believe us then, even if you don't try Fels-Naptha soap the no-boiling way of washing. , It saves:

All wash-day coal;

All steam and steam smell; Half .the usual time; Half the usual work.

We can't say how much money is saved, for We don't • know what time saved and work saved is worth to you.

FELS-NAPTHA 39 Wilson Street London EC

===== 0002601_19060728_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r, )ft &

===== 0002601_19060728_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ig to to 1

I

===== 0002601_19060728_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
s,

1.5

%

===== 0002601_19060728_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 28, 1906.

PICTURESQUE PAGEANT. THE FANCY DRESS PARADE AND

CARNIVAL AT WARRINGTON.

Splendid Effort for the Infirmary.

Satui•day saw the happy consummation of many week's untiring exertion on the part of those who had promoted the fancy dress parade and carnival on behalf of that great and deserving charity—the Infirmary. A splendid display! was the verdict of the thousands of delighted spectators who thronged the'reute. And, withoya doubt, the pro- cession was one that would have done ciedit to any town. It came as a striking and pleasant contrast to the usual prosaicness of town life and filled the streets with colour and gaiety. Had there been no other object but to please and amuse the townspeople the spectacle would have been welcomed. But how much more gratifying it was to know that this great array of glitter and finery was all the means of helping a noble cause. There is no need to enlarge upon the magnifi- cent work which the Infirmary is doing in our midst from day to day. All that is well known and appre- ciated. Funds were never more urgently needed than at the present time, for it has become imperative to undertake an extension of the building at a cost of £15,000. Already the response to the appeal 'itts been most encouraging but it was felt that a fancy dress parade would afford an opportunity to the populace generally, in however humble a way, to contribute their share. The Warrington Cycling Club,ever enthusiastic in the cause of charity, very willingly took the lead in this project and soon enlisted the co-operation of a large band of helpers. Only those who have been brought into touch with the inner workings fully realize how great a debt of gratitude is due to those who gave their time and energies to so carefully arranging every little detail. They felt rewarded, however, In knowing that complete success crowned their efforts, aid that was all the return they desired. Saturday might have been aptly called " Infirmary Saturday," and the.niggard, if he ventured abroad, must have had an unpleasant time. At almost every street corner there was a collecting stand with its red cross and motto : " To aid the suffering." Persuasive ladies did their utmost to wheedle coins from the passers-by, and how well they succeeded was shown by the heavily-laden boxes which were handed over to the Parade Treasurer at the close of the day. Bands of boys and girls were also abroad on the same good erratic], and some contrived to attract the more atten- tion by appearing in fancy costumes. They, too, seemed to reap a good harrPst. However perfect the arrangethents, and however willing the townspeople might be to rally in support of the effort, an event like a cycle parade would, with- out fine weather, be doomed to failure. it was there- fore a matter for distinct congratulation that, although now and then the outlook was threatening, there was not the slightest rain to mar the festival. To while away the time of waiting for the approach of the procession a very happy innovation Sad been hit upon. Warrington people are generally accus- tomed to look upon pierrot performances as attractions reserved for the annual trip to the seaside. Onl Saturday evening, however, they had only to take a stroll along Sankey-street or Bridge-street, as the case might be, and they could enjoy this popular form of entertainment to their hearts content. What added zest and interest to the venture was that the pierrots were all local singers. Their merry songs and quips and cranks kept the audience in fine good humour and when the collecting bags went round the shower of coppers would have almost satisfied the seaside pierrot. The names of the troupe were :—Messrs. A. Grounds, Fred Fieldhouse, J, Willett, S. Hassall, W. A. Clay, G. Gongh, Jame; Emson, P. Hignett, J. Sudlow, and Tom Taylor. Attractive programmes of solos, duets, quartettes and choruses were presented and went with a fine swing. Leaving the streets, which at half-past four were becoming crowded,it was a pleasing change of scene to enter Bank Park where the task of marshalling the processioe and judging the characters was in progress. Round the bandstand were grouped a remarkable variety of figures. There were the weird and grotesque the strikingly original and artistic, while the wealth of colour made a pretty picture. Soon the strains of approaching bands were heard and the nine sections of the parade having been placed in capital order, the signal for the start was given. The waiting multitudes were made aware of the approach of the procession by the appearance of a motor car which traversed the complete route in advance. In it were seated : —Mr. W. P. Itylancls (President of the Parade Committee), Mr. W. H. Bellian (chairman), Mr. G. Bowman (vice-chairmar), Mr. E. Pickavanco (hon. secretary), and.,Mr. E. A. Sanders (assistant hon. secretary). Promptly to time the pageant come into view—and a picturesque one it was. At the head was the band of our local Volunteer battalion discoursing lively music. It was a notable feature of the parade that so many bands were ready to come forward and give their valuable help. They acquitted themselves most creditably and deserved all the praise that was accorded to them. There were, in addition to the Volunteers, the follow- ing bands :—Blue Coat School, Padgate Industrial School, Walker's Brewery, The Concertina Band, League of the Cross League of the Cross Juniors, Salvation Army, Leigh-street Subscription, and The Borough. In quick and almost bewildering succes- sion there came a long line of 'cyclists in costume with gaily decorated machines, while here and there well-devised tableaux arrested the eye of the onlocker‘ And what a medley of characters there was ! Historical persenages in all the glory of court dresses were not many paces from a bold highway- man or a complacent coster, while Chinaman followed clown, and a fierce-looking Indian chief was accom- panied by a sprightly monkey. Then there was many a burst of laughter as grotesquely attired individuals went through all manner, of amusing antics. more

THE OFFICIALS.

Too much praise cannot be accorded to the band of officials who had thrown themselves so whole-heartedly into the work of preparation. They were :—President, Mr. W. Peter Rylands, J.P. ; chairman of committee, Mr. W. H. Bellien ; deputy-chairman, Mr. G. Bowman ; hon. treasurer, Mr. Charles Leigh ; general hon. secretary, Mr. E. Pickavance ; assistant general hon. secretary, Mr. E. A. Sanders ; reporting hon. secretary, Mr. John Blythe. Committee officials :—Finance : Mr. C. H. Wood, (chairman) ; Mr. G. IL Smith (hon. secretary). Prize: Messrs. W. Habberley, (chairman) ; and E. Whitham, (hon. secretary). Entertainments: Messrs. J. L. Davenport (chairman), and F. Fieldhouse (hon. secretary). Printing and advertising : Messrs. T. P. Bradshaw (chairman), and C. H. Hoult (hon. secre- tary). Bands: Mr. il, Wadsworth (hon. secretary). Marshalls : Mess's. W. Litton (chairman), E. Morris (ho°vlle.' secretary)lt ; chief marshal, Mr. H. Ashton. • Messrs. G. H. Smith (chairman), and G. W. y : isi R. Baines (hon. secretary). Collectors : Messrs. G. Walker (chairman), and J. J. Pritchard (hon. secretary). N The following discharged the duties of judges : Messrs. C. E. Pugh and F. T. Parry (Liverpool) ; James 1 Critchley, T. Birtles, E. G. Ryder, and H. M. Ashton (Warrington). SOME OF THE CHARACTERS.

---- - With such an array of obaracters,it was almost impos- sible to carefully notice each as the procession passed along. Many there were, however, which could not fail to escape attention because they presented such unique features. The originality displayed by some competitors was really a revelation. By general consent tka palm went to Miss Goodwin, of Stockport, whose r/Tresen- tation of "The finding of Moses "was of a character quite different from what is generally shown in a cycle parade. The child was seen reposing in the ark of bul- rushes which was conveyed on a cycle, while Miss Goodwin appeared in a typical Egyptian costume. It would seem a far cry from the Egypt of Bible days to such a stirring subject as " Off to the Rescue " with which Mrs. Cross, of Hoylake, was a prize winner Her machine was, embellished with life belts and a miniature lifeboat and looked very pretty. Many of the bicycles haxi exquisite floral ornamentations, and the dresses of the riders were similarly decorated, " Foliage " by Miss Kendrick, of Chester, was excep- tionally effective and Miss G. Cross, of Hoylake, made la pleasing picturd as "Marguerite." Beatrice Marshall 1 Elaine-street, Warrington; it tiny tot aged two years— probs_bly the toungest in the procession—was a charm- ing 'OO Queen." She was seated amid a perfect bower of roses and was crowned with a garland. Herbert Hall, Liverpool-road, Warrington a little fellow aged four years, was a sturdy John Bull and was he object of general aVention as he pedalled along on his minia- ture machine. Stanley Watkins, another luvenile, was a courtly Egrl of Leicester and another capital Portrayal of the same illustrious personage was that of Mr. J. J. Pritchard. The brothers Ashton appeared as ferocious- looking savages in full war-paint and they flourished assegais and shields in quite alarming fashion. Miss Lucy Goodwin W 99 in fine Indian make-up as "Pride of the camp." while Miss Ethel jones,of Warrington, was very tastefully costumed in the character "A Welsh witch.h C. Berry of Warrington represented that intrepid high- wayman "Dick Turpin." It would take too long to describe many other notable characters who added to the attractiveness of the display. Princes, cow-boys, cavaliers, Indians, costers—all were to be seen in this

splendidly-varied procession. There were comic per- sonages galore. One ludicrous figure was a gigantic footballer with the Warrington colours bearing the watchword: "Are we down-hearted ? " In this role Mr. Albert White created boundless mirth. His brother Mr. Frank White was dressed in a weird and wonderful style as Porgie "and strode about on a huge pair of stilts collecting coppers from the crowd. Mr. Peter Bradford, of Warrington, was also very conspicuous on stilts 9ft. 81n5. high and by an ingenious arrangement he contrived to wheel a machine. A highly amusing feature was " The broken record "by Mr. J. T. Cooper, Warrington. His machine was an antiquated, dilapidated specimen and bore the legend " From John O'Ciroats to Land's End." The rider had a large handbell which he rang furiously, and another part of his outfit was an oil can 18 inches long. Mr. Charles Stamper, of Liver- pool, looked exceedingly comical as "The face at the window," while Mr. S. Lloyd, of Warrington, clad in the traditional Highland dress and carrying a whisky bottle, represented " Special Scotch." Mr. Samuel Boxers, of Runcorn, supplied with a net and other fishing' tackle went about fishing for coins," his bait being "charity." A curious contrivance was the " 170-horse power motor car " rigged up on cycles by Messrs. Kendrick, of Chester, who appeared to be driving with a determination to win laurels on the racing track. Mr. Dick Scarisbrick, of Warrington, turned out as" A Mad Motorist" and his antics caused many a ripple of laughter. Altogether the turnout of cyclists was a most creditable one, and it is interesting to note that the Runcorn Club secured the award for the largest muster.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
OTHER FEATURES.

But these did not exhaust the attractions of the parade. A troupe of lads and lasses from Runcorn (under the direction of Miss Shaw) danced the cake walk with a charming grace and simplicity which won general praise. Then there were the Crewe Royal Morris Dancers who very cleverly went through their popular dance and as they tripped about to the jingling of bells the scene was a bright and picturesque one. The Anamese Straw dancers executed some rather wierd evolutions while brandishing swords, and their " show" was decidedly novel. Some ear-splitting " music "was produced by the Casey's Court Bend,from Penketh, the members of this distinguished combina- tion being clad in all manner of strange costumes, and playing the most unique and fearful "instru- ments.' Three Fire Brigades took part in the parade—Warrington, Messrs. Crosfields', and Wilderspool. Each made a smart display with its decorated engines, but Crosfield's carried oft the prize with their imposing four-horse turnout. A num- ber of boys from People's College who at the sub- sequent concert gave a Fire Brigade sketch rode in uniform on the mr tual engine of the Warrington Brigade. There were several effective tableaux. Messrs. Crosfleld illustrated "Perfection Washing Day," a , number of girls being cheerfullyat work over the dolly- tubs. Cooking methods" behind the times "and " up- to-date" were the subject of Messrs. Richmond's dis- play,the one depicting the hard work and unsatisfactory results under old systems and the her the scene of contentment in the home where modern cooking appli- ances are at the service of the housewife. .Messrs. Pendlebury and Co., showed how easily washing might be done" before dinner" and their tableau was very well designed. The trim yacht" Mephisto "was taken from its native element and conveyed round the town by Messrs. Monks Hall and Co. Mr. Walmslev, an organ grinder, who has been an inmate of the Inflrmare showed his appreciation of the institution by co'lecting on its behalf during the whole of the day. In the procession his organ, drawn bya pony, was surmounted by a cot containing a child whose head was swathed in bandages. A pretty feature of the procession was a car drawn by a pair of Indian goats driven by a little maid. It was but fitting that the "Beautiful Warrington " movement should be reflected in the parade ; a miniature garden, very tastefully arranged, being conveyed on two bicycles. The tableaux was in charge of Messrs. Frank Lynch and Harry Trevor (Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and Co.) The whole of the route was thickly lined with spectators who were loud in their admiration of the display. 'there were 300 collectors and nine collecting lorries so that the public had ample opportunity to help the Infirmary on this occasion.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
CONCERT IN THE PARR HALL.

The attendance at the smoking concert held in the Parr Hall on the conclusion of the parade was some- what diacippointing. No doubt the hot weather was responsible foithe bmallness of the patronage bestowed. 'Prior to the concert a very creditable organ recital was given by Mr. IV. Pearce, and was much appreciated. The, concert progratme was a most admirable one. many local artistes taking part. The Warrington Male Voice Choir, under the conductorship a Mr. Hassall, sang the choruses " Song of the Crusaders," "The Village Blacksmith," and "Spartan heroes " with fine taste and expression. Mrs. Arthur Booth's rich voice was heard to distinct advantage in that touching old Scotch air " Annie Laurie, which she gave with exquisite feeling. Miss' Garnet Ball sang " The Carnival" in a tasteful add pleasing manner. Mr. W. H. Ireland was warmly applauded for his interpretation of "Bonny Mary of Argyle," and Mr. J. B. Poole gavea spirited rendering of "The Bedouin love song." Miss Winifred Pigot's cleverly executed xylophone solos proved popular items and Miss Amy Pigot delighted the assembly with the monologue " I and my father-in-law." The Lyric Quartette party (Misses A. Woodland and L. Fairhurst, Messrs. R. W. Cook and P. J. George) submitted a number of selections in their best style," Toothache "—a very amusing item—being particularly acceptable. Messrs. Alf ed Grounds and J. Emson were the humorists of the evening and their songs and sketches were very well received. Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac.. ably accompanied. During an interval Mr. W.P.RYLallos briefly thanked the public for their support to the parade and concert. He did not know whether they all appreciated the fact that they were approaching a very interesting period in the history of the Infirmary. in 1010 it would celebrate its centenary. In theyear 1810 a number of gentlemen in the town recognized the great need of an institution which would provide relief for the sick poor, and a dis- pensary was started. That ran for many years, and was the source of a great deal, of good work, but it was found that a mater work was required, and that the scope and field of operations should be much wider. The result was that the Infirmary building was started about the year 1870, and towards the cost of that insti- tution there were some magnificent donations, including one which Warringtonians would always remember with feelings of pride and gratitude—the donation of £lO,OOO by Mr. Hatton. Having dealt with the great need for an enlargement of the Infirmary to meet the growing needs of the town, Mr. Rylands said all were highly gratified at the great and remarkable success which had met the anneals on behalf of the extension fund. The sum of £8,868 had been subscribed, although the fund had scarcely beeq open three months. It was also a source of extreme gratification to the committee,l of which he had the honour to be president, to see so i great and sincere interest taken n the work by all classes- in the town, and on behalf of the committee he tendered to all the heartiest thanks for the handsome way in which they had been supported. (Applause.) He was sure that when the accounts of that day's effort were closed it would be found that £5OO had been realized to add to the extension fund. (Applause.) Having referred to the practical interest evinced by the employers of the town in the extension scheme, he remarked that the employs were all determined to show their appreciation of the Infirmary's work. In addition to the numerous small contributions, the employes of Messrs. Pearson and Knowles had promised £5OO. and the employes of his (Mr. Rylands') firm were going to subscribe £3OO. There VMS a similar move- ment going on in connection with other works in the town. (Applause.) At the conclusion of the concert Mr. Rylands dis- tributed the prizes to the successful competitors. THE PRIZE LIST.-

The following is a list of the prizes which ' have already been awarded :

OPEN.• Lady's Best Fancy Costume and Decorated Machine.- 1, (gold brooch or bangle, valued ,E 1 55.), Miss B. Kendrick, 10. Frodsham-street, Chester," Foliage " ; 2, (lady's companion,l2s. 6d.),Miss Fernough, 10,Sleeper's- hill, Liverpool, " Spanish Dancer" ; 3 (silver-plated sugar basin. 7s. Bd.), Miss King, 13, Church-strcat, Widnes," Violets." _ _

G.ntleman's Best Fancy Costume and Decorated Machine-1, (aneroid barometer, £1 54.1,J. A. Kendrick, 10, Frodsham-street,Chester "Charles II."; 2. (umbrella, 12s. 6d.), G. Adlam, 132 a, Vauxhall-road, Liverpool, " Signor Caruso " ; 3, (walking stick, 7s. Gd.), J. J. Pritchard, 3, Welltield-street, Warrington, "Earl Leicester." Lady's or Gentleman's Best Decorated Machine.-1 (biscuit box, L'l), E. J. Payne, 179, Deanchurch-lane, Bolton, " Venetian" :4 (toast rack, 10s.). Mr. Wiglev, 8, Hill-view, West Leigh, "Handy Man " ; 3 (pair of cut glass silver-mounted flower holders, 7s. 6c1.), Miss N. Kendrick, 10, Frodsharn-street, Chester, "Erin." Most Original Lady's Character.-1 (double sugar stand, Li), Miss F. Goodwin, 85, Winifred-street, Stockport," Finding of Moses" ; (bronze timepiece, 12s. 6d.), Mrs. Cross, Walker-street, Hoylake' "Off to the Rescue " ; 3 (one pair of placques, 7s. 6d.), Alleyne, 25, Portman-road, Liverpool, " Water Nym ." Most Original Gentleman's Character.-1 (dressing case, £1), W. Amos. Thelwell-lane, Latchford"Coster" ; 2 (one pair of placques, 12s. lid.), J. Harrison and H.

Grove, 39, Winwick-road, Warrington, a Indian Cyclists"; 3 (breakfast cruet, 7s. 6d.), I'. Bradford, 33, Wakefleld-street, Warrington, "Sailor on Stilts." Gentleman's Most Comical Turnout.-1 (fruit stand, £1), Kendrick and Co., Chester, " 170 h.p. motor car" ; 3 (pipe and case, 12s. 6d.), A. Hall, 74, Liverpool-road, Warrington, "Have you seen this in a field"-; 3 (cigar case, 7s. 6d.), T. Conroy, 24, Amelia-street, Warrington, "Bicycle Thief." 4 Juvenile's (Girl's) Best Fancy Costume.-1 (double preserve dish, 155.), Miss G. Cross, Hoylake, " Marguerite"; 2 (gold bangle, 10s.), Miss a Marshall, 45, Elaine-street, Warrington, "Rose Queen"; 3 (waist belt. 55.), Miss Minnie Garnett. Widnes," Blue Bell." Juvenile's (Boy's) Best Fancy Costume.-1 (metal watch and silver chain, 155.),. S. Watkins, White Hart Hotel, Warrington, " Earl Leicester" ; 2 (gold links, 10s.), H. Hall, 74, Liverpool-road, Warrington, "John Bull " ; 3 (silver chain and pendant, 5a.), J. Rothwell, 4, Spike-road, Wootton, " Sir Walter Raleigh." Juvenile's (Boy's) Best Comical Costume.—l (gun metal watch, 7s. 6d,), Dick Kenwright, Warrington, "Printer's Printer's Devil" ; 2 (gold centred medal, 55.), d. Ward, Fairfield-road, Stockton Heath," Jester." Lady's Best Character Costume on Foot, Machine Optional.-1 (dressing-case, RI), Miss Lucy Goodwin. 85, Winifred-road, Stockport, " Pride of the tamp" ; 2 ,(silfer-mounted case with watch, 10s.), Miss Morney, 63, Allerton-road, Wootton," Rising Sun." Gentleman's Best Character on Foot.—l (oak clock, El), W. Ashton, Bridge Foot, Warrington, Mad Mullah "; 2 (umbrella, 10s.), W. Handley, 31, Walton Beech-road, Liverpool," Prince Ponto." Gentleman's Best Comical Costume.-1 (handbag 12s. 6d.), A. White, 81, Lovely-lane, Warrington, " Are we down-hearted ?"

Lady's Most Original Costume.-1 (salsd bowl, 155.), Mrs. Walker, 45, Mesnes-street, Liverpool, " Cigar Bands."

Gentlemen's Most Original Costume.--1 (fancy vest, 155.), C. Stamper, 1:3, Bloom-street, Liverpool," The Face at the Window."

Secretary's Prize for the largest Club ,Muster in Fancy Dress.-1 (cycle lamp and bell.l2s. 6d.), Runcorn Cycle Club. Best Vehicle Tableau.—l, (£1 10s.), Messrs. Richmond and Co., "Behind the times, and Up-to-date" : 2, (155.) Messrs, Fletcher, Russell and Co., Beautiful Warring- ton " ; 3, Messrs. Pendlebury' " Washing machines." Best Fire Brigade Turnout.-1, (21 10s.), Messrs. Crosfleld and Sons.

LOCAL (confined to grading of three miles from .. . .

Market-gate). Juvenile's (Girl's) Best Fancy Costume.-1 (picture 10s.), Charlotte Jones. 3, WeHeld-street," Motor car"; 2 (silver buckle, 55.), Janet Bird, 7, Kiag-street, " Pierrette."

Juvenile's (Boy's' Best Fancy Costume.-1 (oak biscuit barrel, IN.), P. Boyle, 36, orford-lane, " Play- mates " ; 2 (silver pencil case, 55.). H. Pritchard, 3, WeWield-street, " North American Indian." Lady's Best Fancy Cgstume and Decorated Machine. —1 (electro-plated butter cooler, 155.), Miss Ethel Jones, 223, Wine ick-road, "Yellow Witch " ; 2 (pair of tiles, 108.), Miss E. Maybury, 146, Church-street. " Maid Marian" ; 3 (silver-backed hair brush, 55.), Miss Agnes Parr, 39, Orford-lane. " Spanish Dancing Girl." Gentleman's Best Fancy Costume and Decorated Machine.-1 (electro-plated ink-stand, 155.), J. J. Pritchard, 3, Wellfield-street, " Earl Leicester " ; 2 (pair of military brushes in case, 105.),, J. Bancroft, 5, Ellesmere-street, "Robin Hood "; 3 (set of carvers,ss.). P. Grounds, 18, Cliff-view, Stockton Heath " Old English gentleman." Best Comical Costume.l (field gla4es, 108.), F. White, 81, Lovely-lane, " Fergie " ; 2 (iamAish 55.), S. Lloyd, 3. Marsh-street," Special Scotch." .Most Comical Costume by Gentleman over 50 years of age.-1 (10s.), Dick Scarisbrick, " Mad Motorist."

===== 0002601_19060728_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL, PRIZES.

I (155.). W. Brown, Seven Stars Hotel, Bridge-street, "Indian Chief" (mounted) ; 2 (10s.), H. Holland, 8. Egerton-street, Runcorn, "Indian goat tableau " ; 3 (6s. 6d.), Miss Bohanna, 15, Portland-street, Runcorn, Life saving Dog."

===== 0002601_19060728_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSEWIFE'S MISERY ENDED. Bile Beans Cure Her of Liver Troubles.

Mrs. Jane Downing, of 24, Fox Street, Pyebank, Sheffield, telling the story of her suffering from liver troubles and her restoration to health by Bile Beans to a " She Meld Weekly Independent" reporter, said : " For a long titne,l was a terrible sufferer from severe biliousness. I could not sleep at night, and during the day I always felt languid. It took me all my time to do the smallest amount of work. I could seldom eat my meals, and was constantly troubled with acute pains: in my back. I became so weak and run down that I thought I had not long to live. I had tried several kinds of medicines, but to no purpose. At last I read of the wonderful cures that Bile Beans had brought about, and t decided to give them a trial. It was not long before I began to feel their good effects. My appetite gradually returned, I felt more cheerful, and I found it no troeble to do rilly visual housework. I continued taking these splendid Beans a little longer, and I am now completely cured. I don't know what it is to be bilious nowadays. I wouldn't be without Bile Beans in the house now." There is no medicine "just as good" as Bile Beans. All chemists stock Bile thaw, at Ls. 111. or 2a. 9.1. per box

===== 0002601_19060728_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Cheshire Lines Stations Gardens.

For several years pist the directors of the Cheshire Lines Railway have annually granted sums of money t ) the stationmasters for the best kept platform garden, and this year they have increased the amount and list of prizes to ten, thus affording an additional incentive to the staff who desired to compete. These additional prizes will, no doubt, introduce a stronger spirit of emulation amongst the stationmasters. The annual inspection of the platform gardens has just been made, resulting in the following stations gaining awards :- Ist prize, Woodvale •' 2nd, Ashley, Birkdale, and Glazebrook (equal) ; sth, West Kirby ; sth, Knotty Ash and Whitegate (equal) ; Bth, Barrow-far-Tarvin : 9th, Lostock Gralam ; 10th, Mobberley.

AUGUST BANK HOLIDAY ON THE CONTINENT. Tickets at reduced fares available for eight days will be issued to Brussels August Ist to 4th inclusive, and 1 August 6th to Zurich. Passengers leaving the Northern or Midland Counties in the afternoon reach Brussels next morning after a comfortable night's rest on board the steamer. For visiting The Hague, Scheveningen (the Dutch Brighton) and Amsterda-u for the dead Cities of the Zuyder-Zee, special facilities are offered via the Great Eastern Railway Company's Royal British Mail Harwich—Hook of Holland route. A corrider vestibuled train with dining and breakfast cars is run between Lincoln and Harwich. From the Hook of Hollqnd through carriages and restaurant cars are run in the North and South German express trains to Cologne and Berlin, reaching Cologne at noon, and Berlin in the evening.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND IN ENv. FOR WOMEN AND *OMEN ONLY

PHOSPHORESCENT WOOD AND PEAT.

Decayed wood, and especially peat, has occa- sionally been observed to evolve a faint light, and even some flowers have been remarked to give out brilliant flashes of light during a warm summer's evening. The light, emitted with- out apparent heat, is termed phosphorescence. Various animal substances become luminous before decay has begun, and especially the flesh of certain fish, of which the most remarkable are carp and sole. Herring, lobsters, and crabs, of ten emit a phosphorescent light.

Much That Every Woman Desires to Know About Sanative, Antiseptic Cleansing and the Care of the Skin, Scalp, Hair, and Hands.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
A HORNED HORSE.

A curiosity of the British Museum is the skulk of an English horse shewing a pair of rudi- mentary horns on the forehead. Older specimens are a. portion of a similar skull with the horns and models of the foreheads of two thorough- breds formly over the horns, with no sigi of thickening breds also having horns. The ski extends urn- or hardening. Just what these ho i-like growths signify is a perplexing problem, as none of the ancestral horses, or immediately related species, were horned animals, and if there is no here- ditary influence it is remarkable that so many fruit appendages should appear in the same place.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY DO STARS TWINKLE?

An explanation of the familiar rayed or star- ,ike appearance of the stars when seen by the naked eye has been attempted. It is said that all stars sheW precisely. the same rays, but that in the case of the brighter stars the rays are. plainer and somewhat •longer. It is further re- marked that the rays seen by, the left and right eyes diffir, and that if the head be turned the rays are rotated in a corresponding manner. It is thus concluded that the source of the rays is not in the stars but in the eye itself, the middle of the retina being not perfectly homogeneous in its sensitiveness.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
WASPS AND SUICIDE.

Some time ago a scientist, being curious be see the effect of benzine on a wasp, put some of it under a glass in which a wasp was imprisoned. The wasp immediately shewed signs of great an- noyance and anger, darting, at a piece of paper which had introduced the benzine into his cell. By-and-bye he seems to have given up the un- equal contest in despair, for he lay down on his back, and, bending up his abdomen, planted his sting thrice into his body, and then died. The experimenter, continues the Family Doctor, allowed his scientific interest to overcome his humanity so far as to repeat the experiment with three wasps, only to find that -the other two did likewise. He is, therefore, of opinion that wasps, under desperate circumstances,. commit suicide.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW WHITE "CAST IRON."'

Two parts of aluminium and one part of zinc form an alloy to which has been given the name "slzene." It is equal in strength, says Popular Science Siftings, to good cast iron and superior to it in the matter of elastic limit. It takes $ Inc smooth finish, and does not readily oxidise. The colour is white.. It melts at a low red heat and is very fluid, running freely to the ex- tremities of the mould, and filling small or thin parts. Great care, we are told, must be exercised in melting it, particularly when mixing the two metals, 'in order to preserxo its smooth working qualities. It is somewhat brittle, and hence un- suited to such pieces as require the toughness possessed by brass. The tensile strength is ap- proximately 22,0901 b.. per square inch, and 3•3 is the specific gravity.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
PATIENT'S RECORD TEMPERATURE.

Dr. Heller describes the case of a fifteen-year- old girl, who went through an illness of about a., week's duration, of which the only tangible symptoms of note, in addition to the fever, were moderate swelling of the spleen and a soft heart murmur. The temperature .was remarkable, how- ever, in tat on one occasion it reached 113 deg. Fehr., and` on' several others 1121 Fahr., the upper of which limits has, according to the doctor, never before been reported. In taking the temperature four different thermometers of tested accuracy were used, and the readings' were checked by three other persons in addition to Dr. Heller. All of the manifestations usually' attending high fever were absent in this case. The tongue was moist and not coated, the brain was not affected, and the heart was compare. tively quiet. ,

===== 0002601_19060728_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR DAY SLOWLY LENGTHENING.

For some time Mr. P. H. Cowell, Chief Assist- ant at the Royal Observatory, has been at work on the Lunar Theory, and in his efforts to bring the movements of the mool into harmony with the universal law of gravitafion ho has carefully examined the records of certain well-authenti- cated ancient eclipses to determine the secular acceleration of the moon, a factor in the problem it is impossible to determine by modern observa- tion.. By hypothecating lunar and solar accele- rations of llsec. and 4sec. respectively in a cen- tury, Mr. Cowell established the accuracy of these records, but, unless the earth be moving through a resisting medium, the sun's accelera- tion is contrary to gravitational theory. " As- suming', however, the acceleration to be only apnarent, Mr. Cowell suggests that it is due to tidal friction retarding the earth's rotation, one result of which is that the day is lengthening every century by the two-hundredth part of a. second!

===== 0002601_19060728_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER WONDER OF THE WORLD:

A new wonder has been added to the world's great engineering feats by the completion of the new Croton dam of the New York city water- works system, says the Technical World Mgga- zinc. The Corticll darn—as it is sometimes called because of its site "being a part of the old Cornell farm--in its colossal masonry, in height, thickness, and volume of water confined has no rival. It is larger than the three great dams of Europe combined—the Vyrnwv darn in England, the Furens in France, and the Gileppe in Bel- gium. and while the Assouan dam, controlling the irrigating floods of the Nile, is longer than the Croton, it is only 70ft. in height, as com- pared with the 301 ft. of the latter. The once narrow Croton river now forms a lake 2,400 ft. wide at the dam, and reaching up the valley almost twenty miles, with an extreme width of two miles. The new dam is 2,400 ft. long, 216 ft. thick at the base, and tapers towards its crest, where it is 10ft. across the top of the spillway and 21ft. wide at the top of the main. dam. The water at the dam is 1.60 ft. deep.

THE WONDERS OF THERMIT. Humanity, which swelters in a heat of 90cleg., and withers and dies if the mercury runs up 10deg. or 15deg. higher, finds it hard to realise a heat of 5,400 deg. Yet that is the heat developed in the combustion of thermit, a heat which ywelds

, ..lIIP together pieces of the most ponderous machinery, 1 which makgs it possible to mend iron castings COMMERCIAL FAlLllRES.—.According to " Kellin's weighing fens, which heretofore, had to be re. Mercantile Gazette," the total number of Commercial placed at great expense of labour and time; Failures recorded in England and Wales during the which can unite iron rails so perfectly that the week ending Friday, July 20th, was 168, viz. :—Now joining can scarcely be seen. or felt, and a rail Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London ' can be made miles long instead of 50ft. or 100 ft. Gazette, 87; Deeds of Arrangement registered, 81. The at the outside. Thermit is a compound discovered respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were: Bankruptcies, 84 ; Deeds of Arrangement by Dr. Hans Goldschmidt, of Essen, Germany; a Botal 171 ; being a decrease of 3. The total corn-- discovery that, unlike so many scientific dis- 7—t coteries, is not merely interesting to,,the scientist, ber of Commercia Failures recorded during the 29 but , commercially • valuable in the industrial weeks of the present year is 4,779 ; the total number world. Thermit is a mixture of finely granulated recorded in the corresponding 29 weeks of last year was ior p6wdered aluminium with some metallic: 3,055, showing a decrease of 276. i oxide, most frequently oxide of 'iron. This mix- ture looks not unlike gunpowder, or to a house- wife would suggest mixed tea, the light granules being aluminium, and the dark ones - oxide of iron. In burning this mixture creates a tempera- ture about equal to that of the electric arc light. Not low,' ago a great ocean liner; having broken off a bade of her propeller, had another welded on by this process m mid-ocean.

TEMPERATURE OF THE SUN.

Many diverse estimates have from time 'fro time been made of the temperature of the 'mu Father Secchi, the distinguished Italian a%creno- mer, placed it at the enormous figure of 10,800,000 deg. Fahr. Other estimates are small in comparison. Thus, Violli made it 3.032d,?g. to 5,432 deg., Pouillet and Soret 2.052 deg. to 3,092 deg., and Wilson 11,732 deg. The data on which the estimates have been made are a little uncertain, and a trifling difference in the neces- sary assumptions makes- an enormous difference in the result_ A more recent and reliable esti- mate is that of Professor Moissan. The distin- guished French chemist brings forward.conside- rations which tend to show that the temperature of the sun is not far different from that of the electric furnace. The temperature which can be obtainet. by means of the voltaic are is estimated at from 6,ooodeg. to 7,000 deg., and there is no known substance which cannot be liquefied and volatilised by this. Now, tile substances which occur in the sun are for the most part the same as those of the earth, and in the sun they exist in the state of vapour. Professor Moissan, then, considers that the temperature of the sun can• not exceed that at which its substances distill, and this would be the heat. of the electric fur- nace, viz., 6,ooodeg. to 7,ooodeg. Fahr. It must be remeznberea, however, that if the pressure under which theme frapotus exist in the sun is much greater than those um:ter wrucn toe correspond- ing substances have been vapourised in the elec- tric furnaces, then a correspondingly highs; titimperature might bo required._

===== 0002601_19060728_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT CUTIGURA ' DOES FOR _WOMEN

Too much stress cannot be placed on the great value of Cuticura Soap, Cuti- cura Ointment, and Cuticura Pills in the antiseptic cleansing of the mucous sur- faces, and of the blood and circulating fluids, thus affording pure, sweet, and economical local and constitutional treat- ment for weakening ulcerations, inflam- mations, itchings, irritations, relaxations, displacements, pains, and irregularities peculiar, to females. Hence the Cuticura remedies have a wonderful influence in restoring health, strength, and beauty UR weary women, who have been prematurely aged and invalided by these distressing ailments, as well as such sympathetic afflictions as antemia, chlorosts, hysteria, and nervousness.

Women from the very first have fully appreciated the purity and sweetness, the power to afford immediate relief, the certainty of speedy and permanent cure, the absolute safety and great economy which have made Cuticura the standard humour remedy of the civilized world.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
TORTURIIVG HUMOUR Cured by Cuticurr.., Relief from

the First Application.

"I suffered five years with a terrible itching eczema, my body and face being covered with sores. Never in my life did I experience such awful suffering, and I longed for death, which I felt was near. I had tried doctors and medicines without success, but 'my mother insisted that I try Cuticura. I felt better after the first application of Cuticura Ointment, and was soon entirely well.—Mrs. A. Etson, Bellevue, Mich."'

• Cat:ears Soap, Ointment, end PM are sold thronehout the World. Depot.: London, M Charterhouee Sq. ; Paris, 5 Rue do la Paix; Australia, E. Towns A Co.. Sydney. Potter Drag Ss Chem. Corp., Boston, U.S. A., Sole Props. nerSend for "A Book for Women." Moiled Free.

EYES TESTED FREE.

PPROVED M:

• • .c., D.O.A. MOST MODERATE PRICES FOR SPECTACLES, AND BYEGLASSES• PERFECT rIC. ARCHER & SONS, Specialists,

73, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE 5615. ESTABLISHED 1848.

BY THE MOST A. _:ETHOD. F. H. ARCHER, F.S.M.I B.(

===== 0002601_19060728_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST FAMILY MEDICINE.

K- kT E'S -W---01-11)-3-E-LITS-7FICCS-1-R-13-71: CERTAIN DURK for irldigeStiOn, 131110[1813685, Headache Dyspepsia. Constipation. Liver and Kidney Complaints. do For Ladles of all ages they are invaluable. Of all Chemists, I.s. lid., 2e. 9d., and 4s. 6d. per box, or post tree on receipt of st.sn3ps to Depot, 13, St. George street, Norwich.

Sample free box will be sent on receiving name, address. and Id. stamp (to cover rtturn postage). Mention paper. Depot, 13, ST. (lIOHGE STREET, NORWICH.

LARI.e. Vs° AcTuR St RUBBER STAMPS, TYPE, &c., 4412 0 • \Accra I (AND ST—Mtk

• • • RATS MICE & • COCKROACHES Pwirwrf /YOUSCS.IVAREMOUSES.C4,IS.BAKER/ES,SHIPS if legalarly a,/ended for Me Clearance oi Mese a,,p.se ,preoct,n9 pest., NO INCONVENIENCE WNATEVER BY OUR METHODS. CCPIT.ACTS oft PPE.RATIONS SUPPLIED tsTlelArtS flit•• Z BA C 9 VCR/WM SeeC/ALIS 7-5 .L. 134 'SEEL • AND AT MANCKE,,TEID• —TREET lIVEROOOL. ' I .Y,FOI'AI

===== 0002601_19060728_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK YOUR TOBACCONIST FOR

"LUNTIN"

MIXTURE a Blend of the Finest Tobaccos 1/.. per 2-oz.

IRTEOU:

suLia svEHrivaßita at L

Zs. 9d., 44.6 d.,

Ind na

rbridn, LUNG WORLD'S CDRE FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS ASIITMA.

"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE."

Bd. per 0r:,.. THOMSON & PO

Packet. S, Edinburg

===== 0002601_19060728_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
aARK6BLOODMMURE

NITS BANISHED FROM CHILDREN'S HAIR by three applAestions of LIVP.SEY'S SUNFLOWER POMADE "4d., post free ; largs size, Is. W. It LIVESEY, Chemist, Preston.

CLALIKB'S 841 PILLS are warranted to curs,in saner sex, allacquired for constitutional ;discharges from the Binary Organs, Gravel and Pains In the back. ?roe from fdetTury. Bite!)Haled upwards of 30 years. In boles 4s. fid. each, of all chemists and Patent Medioine Vendors throu4b- on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, LlnCoht Advt. FLORILINE P—Eon THE TEETH AND BREIT -Th01.013017 cleanses the teeth from all parasites or imp Lies, hardens , the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, ar gives to the ' teeth a peculiar pearly whitenees and a de i fragranne to the breath. Price 26.6 d. for the liquid, ,• Is. per jar for the Florilme " Powder," of; all Chemists 3.Perfumers.— Advt. a VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR.--Ir your hair is , turning grey or white or failing •iff, use the 151xxIchat HAL, RENEWER. for it will positively restore, in every ease, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting tne growth. Price 31. 6d. per bottle.—Advt. To IHOTHERS.—Mrs. V7INSLOW'S Soothing Syrup has been used for over thy years by millions of mothers for their childrm while teething, with perfect sucCees. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natuari quiet sleep, br relieving the child from pain , and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a bIIMOO " Of all Chemists Is. lid. per bottle,—Advt.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19060728_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
k

===== 0002601_19060728_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19060728_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Che eratniner Oates

OF WEEK-END NRWSPAPERS COMPRISRS i— rcHß WARRINGTON 8: MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER, _L published every Friday afternoon. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lyrnm. Ac.. being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lance- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises alaege trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. rrHE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Friday iL afternoon. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. rrHE WIDNES EXAM/NES, published every Friday .1 afternoon. Widnes contains the lergest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. rrlig EARLBSTOW N AND NRWTON MXAMINER , I_ published every Friday afternoon. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne. Havdock, Lowton. ,to The dlitrie thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire coal- fields.

THS ST. HELENS EXAMINER, publiened pearl, Friday afternoon, circulating in St. Helens. Prescot, Parr. Sutton. Peasley Cross. Ac ---the centre of the Glass. Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTNRNTs WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE OLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. 3113CELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. Rd. ... ls. 3d. ... 2e. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Cd. 36 ... Is. Od. ... 2a. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 6s. ed. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... 54, Od. ... 7s. Od. 54 ... Is. 6d. ... 3s. Rd. ... 6s. Od. ... les. Cd.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
Donteqtir Otrbants, etr.

IVANTRD, a good ORNBRAL.—AppIy, BIITCHEW M 8 ARS, Union at., Leigh.

INt ANTRD, three Rood GENERALS, once.—Apply, Ntrn. Srorr. 119, Milnrow rd., Rochdale.

WANTIM, good GENICHAL, able to wash, references recinfred.—Applv, 37. Asir Sr., Southport.

WANTBD GRNERAL SBRVANT with good references; four in family.—Butr.rrs, 64. Pringle st.. B'ackburn.

WANTBU. experienced OHNISRA L. for end of July: small family.—App y 4. BIRCH AVEIIIIE, Old Traff3r Manchester.

ITITCHIMMAID WANTBD, used to restaurant. abstainer, I.X. aged Z; good wages for good servant. —74, PRAM) BT.. Paddington.

WANTRD good GENICRAL SHRVANT. —Apply, Mrs. HENRY MARSHALL, Stand Park, Sefton, near A intree Station.

WANVIL) General SERVANT.—AnpIy Mrs. MAYOR. Daisyfleid, Westwood Avenue, Timpetley (5 minutes from station).

WANTED. experienced GENERAL ; references ; good wages.—Apply by letter, Mrs. BLEME. it West Bank avenue, Lytham.

-- WANTTM clean. Trustworthy GENRRkL. Three in family.—Address —Apply Mrs. A. A. JOEL, Fruiterer, Roe lane, Southport.

WANTED .00d GENERAL, able to vilab; three children In family ; eomfortab'e hom.,—Mrs. ABBATT, 38, Belmont rd , Bolton.

WAINTBD. an experienced HOUSEHMD-WAITRMS. flood references requir d. Wages £1.7 to £lB.--Apply 24. LIVERPOOL RD , Chester.

'WAN i HD, respectable GNNFRAL, three in family ; must Y have satisfactory references.—Apply 9, VICTORIA AVENUE, Birchfield rd., Widnes. W&NTH!) at once thoroughly experienced COON- GHNER AL for Settel :le Family Hotel.—Apply CAMBRIAN ffoTKL. Pensarn, abergele, N.W.

NVANTRD. experienced COOK-GRBBRAL for middle of. August ; housemaid kept ; three in family,—Mrs. Vi'masmnr.L.n, Hill Crest, Runcorn, Cheshire.

WANTED, clean, strong COUNTRY GIRL, to twin with all howevrork and washing ; state age and wages required.-16, UPPER OHORLTON RD Manchester.

WANTBD, at once, l'nr country lintel to Lake district, Strong GRNKRAL ; for all duties ; early riser. Apply SAMMY HOTEL. Par Sawrev, Windermere. ISS FOX'S Reliable Agency. 1, Crown Buildings. •.1 Great Crosby.—Wanted, superior Generals, Cook- Oenerals, Houeemald-waitresses and Nurses. Stamp.

w- ANTED, GIRL about 16 as Rune Girl and to assist in housework ; family four ; no ...waling ; references re noir ed.—Sl rs . IfivltoN, 1218, Witton-et. Northwich.

WANTED, superior GENERAL, able to do plain cooking ; must have good references ; salary £l6 to £lB ; Proteetant.—Applv Mrs. 8., 36. Lethrid,e rd., Soothoort.

AIRS. RBAD wants superior COOKS. 'Housemaid- waitresses. kitchenmalds, cook-generals and superior generalf.—S ELECT REGISTRY. Rusholme. Manchester. &stab. 26 years.

WARTBD, tborongbly Reliable person, between 25 and 35, as GENSHAL In small family ; help given ; good character indlsoensable.—Apply SHIELD, Sandycroft, Hale rd., Altrinchsm.

MRS. PRESTOS, Progressive -servants' Agency, 44. CH LIMES err., Blackpool. The oldest established hi Blackpool. Wants Servants with references, for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses ; good wages ; enclose stamp. Tele, 0637

===== 0002601_19060728_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
lEatrimonp

iiiisrellaneous, in syale, dr.

DBLICIOUS BCCIAS OAKES, 6 in bog, post free, le.— ROBY, 16 Riebmond Grove, W3CIOB.

A 3113/tICAN Army 6.nd Navy.— How to join. Send 6d. -CI —W. GATES, 31, Faraday rd., London, W,

IDEAL summer Drink.—Pure Cider. Price list free.— PONNOR 8: DURRANT, LTD., Holmer, Hereford.

IQCETEMRS that have made fortunes:—Pmt free 6d.— L 7 SToßss, Tenth avenue, Newcastle-On-Tyne.

STR W A RD3 CUP.—Speclal Nap, fear nothing , remit 18,— " VERO," 52, New North rd., London.

PICTOFLIAL Postoardv of every deseription.—Foe lists 1. send to SIAPOIVIII. Publisher. Leighton Buzzard.

I AWL—Large parcels choice long remnants, carrhge paid ,/ 13.—C. WALLIS, 39, Wirntrourne rd., N,ttingham.

JJT OFFRNSIVI4 YBIBT.—CooI. genuine remedy 18.— "ANTIBVPTIC " 129,Ponsonby Chambers,Blankiriars,S.N. ALUMINIUM Photoßramechamisornely engraved: agents wanted.—Write WhFRED, Lombard et., Birmingham.

BOUT DPIA.LII}IS, write for Price List, 1,000 varieties.— " HOLMES " Warehouse. 3L Newarket it. Leicester.

G 001) informetion by letter only. Poet 3e. ; you won't regret it.—J.3., 144, Sheffield rd., Whittington Moor.

UINRA SUITS to Measure. fit guaranteed. splendid %Jr cloths, patterns free.—Hotiowxx's, Oxford rd., Manchester.

voi usßsa TYRRS FOR VBRICLISS. --New and !eunuc- h, hand, cheap.—KAno WORKS. Stafford Mews, Kilburn, London,

BDAL RIBBON —Government Contractor's, Is. yard ; ..LT_L lost medals replaced.—HELTß'S MILITARY STottas, Hounslow lirath.

ENlllo3—Beautlful illustrated catalogue dainty Blouses. 1: Skirts Costumes, SiIks.—HOLLOWAY.S. 43, Oxford rd.. Manchester.

101000 BUTCHER'S TICKRTs. 6s 6d. InUtheads. Memos Cards.de. C trriage pald.—H UTSON, Spencor it. Grnvesend.

rlllO the hporting Telent.—Cirrand information, Ers. soecial .1 wire or 20e. per week,—D, CARsTalice, Oyaterfteet Farm Cadrev. South fienfl.et,

BEAUTIFUL picture postcards. views. London. pr wine^ s seaside ; 25 or Is. ld cards.-17sErnatE3 Co., 13, Trevelyan it,, Eccles, Msnlbester.

A.TlSFlT.—Eient's Grey Ted Suit, ch.st 33 ; usual price, 11l 375. 6d. ; take 275. 6d. ; cash re urnerl if not approved. —BIECRRILL Tailor North rnriton.

VIIIIIARGAIN ine old Violha. Bow and C‘Re, £3; or Exchange Cycle, gond Photographic Outfit, &c.—W. BLLAND St. JAMPLe .t, Doncast.r.

PICTURIi POSTCARDS—CoIoured Views and Comics. 20 post free P.O. is, Buy direct.—REKLL Sc Co., 440, Mansion House Chsmbers, London. H.C.

Lt,OFFERED for an advertisement idea ; write for par- ticulars, stamped envelope.—DiVlD DARE AND Co., 12. Gathorne rd., Wood Green, London,

MIAMI LOTION for Spots, Blemishes ; gurranteed cure ; 1 2s. 9d. per bottle ; interview by appointment, SPICCIALIEST, 22. Sinclair rd., Kensington.

QBD PHOTOGRAPH and 2s. 6d. for beautiful miniature; 0 life-like colours on imitation ivory. complete In rolleo- told r endant.—Wevcck, Grayebott, Haute.

A lITISTIO AND LITERARY PROPERTY —Pledged to Ilk avoid forfeiture, redemption rights ffered.—Box 3699, SHARRON THATCHRR. Holborn place, LORti9ll.

A 1131 Y RAZOR STROPS. li. each; wider is 6d.; magic rt shaTpeners satisfaction guaranteed —Alaker. SINGLE, Young's Corner. Hammersmith. London W.

UIpiLZAAR GOODS (Special), Id. and 60. Greatest variety _LI and value in the trade.—SALMON & SILTHEWMAN. Ltd. Plough Buildings, Gloucester et.. Birmingham.

V AHD wide Coloured Linen for dresses at 11d. per yar& and all kinds of linen goods and handkercniefs at mill prices.—LlNEN STORES. 29i. Iltdford st.. Belfast.

UPBRIUti Pox Note Paper, (printed heading) and )3 Envelopes. 50 each, 2s. post free. Cheap printing. Write for paroplee.—GacT• PRINT/Ng. On ilagiaoll.

TO oAvitaits.-lor water boilers. urnw, cooking appar- 1. taus, bread slicers. and all sundries, you cannot beat SI/MERLING AND CO., Bunbill row. London, 11,0.

NITS BABISHBD completely by three applications Cl Livesey's Sunflower Pomade ; 4d. tin, poet free ; large size. Is—. T. LIVESEY. Chemist, Preston Lancashire.

REAT SUMBISIt SALB.--Speclal offers, £1 worth kJ Blouses, Underclothing, Hosiery, flee, Oilers, Gloves, for ICs —PALMER'S, Tiverton House, Stoke-on-Trent.

LiND TO-DAY for the Mysore Hearthrug ; reversible ; artistic designs ; size 66 x 30, price 4s. lid., postage 7d. extra.—CNITED TRAnINO Co.,Dept. D.. 3, Hows rd,l/ abridge

P" DICTUMS PLISTUAItthi, Actresses, Comics. Views Jewelled Cards de. Lovely designs 25 ls., 40 ls. 63 • 60 29. All different.—BßLTßY,Bookseller.Hulme. Manchester.

‘,Z HOP BY POST.—Ladies' Casbmere Hose, plain or ribbed, A) post paid. sound value, is. per pair ; trial order solicited; —Dept.. 30, BEST HOSE Co., 138, Minories, London.

2/ PER PAlL—Oenuirte Army and Pollee Trouser repaired. Rare opportunity, postage 6d. Satisfaction guaranteed.—CLYDEeDALE. 1, Brenton t,,. Stepney, Con don

ABBIT NETS, Bird Nets, Traps, Soars ; large descrlp- .ll tbo ; catalogue free. one stamp ; worth pounds ; mention paper.—YouNo, Net Works, Crewkerne Somerset

44 Nf ATEIMONIAL TIMMS," the best and quickest introduetr.ry medium for all desiring's matrimonial alliance ; price 6d., in sealed envelope.—addreas EDITOR Ronert Radford, 5, Featherstone Buildings, Holborn, W.

UStanteb

IVIISS WILLIAMS, 30, Broad st., Oxford.—Lett-OfT _CI_ clothing purchased. Cash per return.

WANCRD small old collection of stamps for casts, alb° loose lots.— PENROSE, Fownhope, Hereford.

D °LI:HR.-WHIN HOD ROLLER WANTML-Apply RSLHAM ROLLING MILLS CO.. LIMIT RD, Sheffield.

WANTHD, STITDMITS, pOital nesi3te I triining.—Send photo, stamped address, HYDRO N PHRENOLOGICAL INSTITUTE, Leicester.

GLASS OliLLlCT.—Broken Pale Green Bottle. Window and Plate Glass Wanted.—GLaes Woturs, Withington it.. Bread it., Pendleton, Manchester.

IAT ANTBD, Cytlroler Musical Box, large, Nicole Freres TV preferred, with fine comb. Cash or eachange.—Addreas 7. KNalleD, Willougbby. near Rugby.

‘1 PO PARMERS.—WanteI Dairy to enr,ply 23 to 30 gallons of new milk daily ; also extra for w.ek-end ; price and particular* to OwEnr, 145, Mooyneux rd.. Liverpool.

TIANADA—HOMEsTERS WANTED. Tickets £6 to Winrii- 'kJ peg. Certain Bmployment —bi,e Wages —Call I Imme- diately— few weeks only --11TTLEY AND Sole, 19, S:ater at, Liverpool.

ILK.—Etood DAIIIIII3 WANTISD ; cane provided if .131. required.— LANCL.HIRE HYGIENIC DAIRIES, LTD , chief offices 65 to 85 Mulk‘erry it. Mulme, Manchester. Largest firm of dayrymen in fingland.

OHRISTIAN young man desirous of entering ministry can be re cived as a resident pupil by livangeligal minister. Moderate premium.—Address, IlkyknEND. c/o Systematic Advertising Agency, 40, Warwick lane, London.

A LL Hairdressees should try Cuntherbtren's celebrated QURRN RAZOR. cbeapest and best yet produced ; every razor guaranteed ; praised by all users.—Wrlte for price to 27, ROCHDALE np.,Einudehtll. Manchester.

SANITARY IN.-:PBCTORS.—Lady Health Visitors ; £lOO to 2.36o.—Several hunhed vanncies annually ; postal lessons now commencing for Liverpool exam.; 400 success- ful canslidates.—MUSHEAS, Science Teacher, Sunderland.

WAILHHOUSH PORI:Ea.—WAN 17RD, by a firm of Wholesale Grocers, as above btrong YOUNi4 M;N, single, 18-21, end to make himself geuerally useful ; refer- ence required.— Apply EDWIN RICHARDSON & EON, 17, tforseraarket at.. Warrington.

CIANADIAN HARVRST.—Harvest lianas (experienced and Inexperienced) urgently wanted. Speckl cheap rates by Allan Royal Mail Steamers (£6) to Winnipeg. Good wages and certain employment.—Apply quickly Moamar.. COURTNEY, 2, West at., Finsbury Circus. London.

D 0 rul aBoLo oYoOn Uoißootrdiot AouligYtuebeyr q uwaol canf yin o ytohui sfeol: yotou at your home. write tor our ree book " How to Become an Blectrical X ugineer,, to ELECTRICAL NNGINK ERIN° INSTI • UT. 413, Norwich House, South mpton st., Holborn, Lonoon.

BUSINESS SUCCESS. IF YOU WANT a good BUSINESS POSITION In London or Provinces, write to Postal, CLARK'S COLLEGE, Chancery lane, London, for free book. Which tells you how we have trained by post, 11.000 youtbs,and girls for Good Positions.

CANADA--Harvesters. Farm Rand• Railway Men and eomest cs wanted. Special party conducted b. return- ing Canadian farmer. end July. Work guaranteed; high wages ; no f,es ; fares onlv.—Apply, enclosing ;damp, •goLonspro ASSOCIATION, 47. Victoria at., London, S.W.

FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOCKS, &c., BOUGHT Ft;IC CASH TO ANY AMOUNT OR ADVANuES MAIM. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGE FOU INSPECTION

HARTLET AN I) Co.. ) 12, MOE S-STRIIST, LIVEIIPOOL.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., TIME BOOKS, MILL WORK, CATALOGUES, " EXAMINER " OFFICE, BEWSKY STREN.T, ' WARRINGTON

1)0 you want to halve your tea bill and improve the quality of your tea 50 per nent P then use "Ant!tenni." the great tea economiser. Guaranteed absolutely pure ; none genuine without the inventor's name on packets. " James C. Bell." In Id., 3d. and 6d. packets, from THE NTITANNI 10A21U7ACTURING CO., 7 Pennington it., Leeds. Lgenas wanted.

intatllantouo, (1.19 n 0(11E5, tit. I flotelo, Ppormil 33oartfinn 05tabis.

PORTSMIIN send 21. 61. for Steward's Cup; Nery special.—Mr. Boewimi, Scholes, Wigan.

A LBION Printing Press, Double Crown, cost £l3, take 000PEINALM RD Hmerton.

fILD-A4B PENSIONS.—Send for Booklet, enclosing 2d. Stamps.—TEBBUTT, 29, Wren it., Coventry.

A PATRNT MEANS I Patent your Invention .11. Write LESLIE, 29 lied Lion Square, London.

DVERTISER wishes to Adopt Bay. Premium reason- able.—E, W., Cedar Lodge, Chase Estate. Malvern.

URN, Nick.l-plated Barth.nware, Lined, 4 galls perfeat order, Marbie Stand to match, a Sa.—W, B. J., 74, Praed at., Paddington.

AS'lROLOGY.—Charecter, Finance, Ma, riage, two years' future added ; send birth date, is. P.C.—Prof. GOULD, 27, Windsor rd., Newp)rt (Won.)

£5 HORSE TAMER'S SECRET, 5i., Hones will follew you like a dog.—Send ss. for this grand secret to TIIOB Lieciroan, Thornton. Leicester.

TO London Visitors. —Comfortable bedrooms with break- fait, Sm., as required; very moderate, write few days in advance.-158, QUEENS RD., Bayswater.

CAPITAL RIIQUIBED, developirent ; Unique Patents for Venetian Blinds ; no cords ; laths collect at top ; third space.—Joirseorr, 8, Upper Hollineury rd., Brighton.

iNatar (Sax% eyrie% (sarriagro, etc

VCR SALE, good sound SPRING CART. eult 14 hands.- 1 Apply 113, ORMSKIRK RD., NRWLOWD, Wigan.

SELF-WHEELING BISSICLIN CHAIRS. £2 1s ; telt- propelling Chairs. with lever. ET 10. ; photo sent.— FAITHFUL, 208, Philip lan., Tottenham, London.

two lit ittt.

1,0 LIT 17, FOLLY LAtille, will be cleaned for good 1 tengtit.—Apply WOcID t SON Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrincton.

TO LoßfgeS3 HOovPedr. I e lame,k-u p ' :uirt el poriosinnginiyLei-An i.; a vneT`', lAuctioneer. Leigh. --

'llO BI I Lt. House, St. Mary's et., containing 2 sitting- rooms, kitchen, scullery, 3 bedrooms, bathroom, Bcc.— APPI7 J. LUNT, Bridge foot, Warrington,

POULTRY and Fruit Farm to Let.—Fire-roomed cottage outbui'ding. 26 miles London : good water ; station one aille.—KaaT, Platt, Borough Green. Rent.

KNUTSFORD-BOAD.—TO BB LET. House. containing two eitting-toome, kitchen,lcullery, four bedvmme and bathroom ; rent 84. Per week ; no rates.—Apply J. LUNT Bridge-foot Warrington.

HOURE TO BE LET at Moore. near Warrington ' • two entertaining rooms, four bedroom,. separate bath and w.c. ; good garden i close to Moore and Daresbury stations. Apply LAWTON, Builder, Moore. • tiVELLING-HOUSIL—TO BE LET, with immediate LI possession, the commOdions Dwelling-house, No. 21, Stanley at., containing ttuee entertaining rooms, kitchen, scullery, pantry, ten bedrooms, bathroom, lavatory, w.c., large garden.

DWELLING-HOC:7BI3.—TO BE LHT, with immediate possession, No. 19, Stanley It., containing two enter- taining rooms, kitchen, scullery and pantry; five bedrooms bathroom ;'outside washhouse : rent £25 ; there is an access to both houses from St. Austin's lane.—Apply J. and W. DUTTON, hankey it., Warrington.

apartments, furntObeb attges, Ser.

BLACKPUt)L.—PubIIc and Private APAII CM NNTS Board. Bea View. Pi ano.—STANSFIELD GRINDROD Vernon Howe, 6. Wellington rd.

LACKPOOL.—AeARTMENTS near sea ; bed and attend- ance is. per night for one person.—Mrs. HOLDBOYD, 25, Tylderley rd.. (iAar Foirhall Hotel.)

11t1LACKPOOL (Central).—Public and private APART- MENTS, near amusements, station and sea.--01ra NORTON, 16. Regent-road If Church-street.

DLACKPOOL.-APARTMENTS near sea ; bed and attend- anee le. per night for one person. Mrs. BYRFS & Duirronn, 23, Tyldesley rd. (near Foxh.,ll

BLACKPOOL—Supertor APARTMKNTS. Highly recom- mended —Mrs J. Hlvrom, 17, Trafalgar rd., New Promenade, South Sh.)re. (Near Manchester Hotel).!

VOLACRPOOL.—Best position, Promenade. Sitting and 1) Bedrooms facing sea. Public and private APART- MENTS.—Mrs,BtaTLIFF, Lyndene, Bindloss terrace.

D LACK POOL.-30, Plea.ant St., North Shore. Public and Private APARTMENTS ; four minutes from Talbot Road Station; two minutes from sea.—Mrs. WOOD, and Miss FISHER from Dewsbury.

N BAY. —Homely APAWLMHNTS, with or with V out board.—Mrs. ANDS:RTON, Tbe Woocilaals, Ersliine rd

(10LWYN BAY.—Furnished Bei(denim, seven rooms ; every convenience; near set and woods ; very moderate for August or Sentember.-3, HILLSIDE-RD.

J OMFORTABLIC APARTMIINTS, with partial Board. 20, 1. LIVERPOOL ST.. King's Cross. London. Very central

kirLAMBRIO FORRST (near).—Furnished APART- L' Tarporley, Cheater.

DOUGLAS.—EIed and breakfast 2s. 6d. ; full board 4s. 6d.; beds two persons 28.—Nrs. QUAYLeN, 27, Peel rd.

DOUGLAS. —Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board. Terms reasonabla.—Mrs. Romasorr,ll,Derby rd.

AOUGLAS.—Beds for two pereons. 2a per night; full board, 45. 6d ; neAr railway and trams.--11ra. HUDSON, 77, Circular rd.

DOUGLAS, ISLE OF MAN.—Mrs. B. ANDREW, Devon- shire House. Warpole Avenue, Promenade, close to Grand Hotel and Victoria Pier.

fAOLTGLAS, ISLE ON MAN.—Pleasington Villa, Circular 11 road ; every accommodotion for visitors ; convenient locality, quiet, splendid view.-10. TRoMA.

DOLT4LAS.—Comfortable APART:MINTS. 29, Palatine rd.; cable-ear stops at door ; three minutes' walk from shore and promenade.—Mrs.

DUBLIN. —APARTMENTS, central, tram ; personal attention; moderate ; board optional.—Mrs. KErfor, 1, Lower Vittwilliarrt et.

DUBLIN.-25 Gardener's Place Rutland square. APART se BEITS strictly ofean.comfortatsle. Bedrooms, Breakfast 2s. Rd•—MitS KELLY. Proprietress.

eI_LANDON, NRVIN.thUIUgW. sittlng-room, and three bedrooms; quiet, healthy position, close to sea and mountain.—Mrs. Jorics.

ElUSTHWAITH.—Frunished Cottage to let, August, September; two gulneas per week.—HAY, Hustbwatte, York a.

JJIGH BCATHWAITB, Greenodd, Ulveraton.—Sitting- room and Bedroom, limiles from Greenodd Station ; grand Lake seenery.—Yra. JICWELL.

HILL, lIIILLONI, CUMBIULLAND.—Sittinvroom, two Bedrooms. comfortable,near Black Combe and Duddon HOLME9, Mandrill Cottage, KBSWIC K.—Comfortable APAILTIWNNTd. Terms moderate. Bath h. and o.—Mrs. A. J, WILKINSON, Oakland House, 55, Helvellyn it.

ETBIOTT UriD, 00D.—APARTMIINTS. public II or private. Piano. Facing sea, near ferry.—MIIIII PORTER, Sea Sank HOUSE,. Beplanacle

LLANGOLLEN —APAKTMENTI, One sitting two bed rooms (one double-bedded). Farmhouse in lovely Dee Valley Beautiful seeuery.—ROßEßTS. Graividn,Llantysillo

LANPAIIiPtiOUAN, N.W.—Comfortable APARTMENTS _LI to he I#; sea and mountain views; terms very moder- ate —Miss WYNNE, Fern Bank.

i 1 NAt STRAIT, Norm Wales.—Comblnect rooms, or separately ; moderate.—WlLLremg, 69. Bangor st., Fort Dinorwic.,

ORECAMBEI, W,H.—APARTBIHNTS with or without I board; near pler.—Mrs.UntaH CLonnEr,69 Clarendon rd.

OffECAMBH, W.E.—Good APARIMIINTeI, facing sea iIL and prom, ; mod. ternar.—nrs. THORNTON. 10, Winterdyne. MORROAMBE W.R.—Pleacant APARTMENTS public and private; ne.r Bea and amusements.—Mrs. BELL, 57, Al•xandra rd.

MORROAMBH.—PubIic and Private APARtMIVITS, sea view.—tire. CARVER, Richmond House, 14, Albert rd, Morecambe, W. 8.

MORUCAMBH.—APAHTMHNICS. Public and Private.— Mrs. PICKUP, Hanover Rouse, 77, Clarendon rd., W.E. Bath and piano.

"Vrt ORICOAMBH (Centrao.—Oomfortable APARTMENTS; ITL terms moderate; near sea and statlon.—Mrs. HUMPHRIES, 17, Oxford et.

PRMAIINMAWII, the Switzerland of Wales.—Send stamp for Illustrated Booklet and List.—SkOnisrasT, Improvement Committee, renrnaenmawr.

DORT ST. MART; Isle of Man.—APARTMENTS. Quiet neightourhood, near seashore and golf links.— apply Mrs. KEIG, Reathertield, Victoria rd.

Apartintats ,ffltrnisl)eti 3DouOtO, Sce.

WLLHIMI.—Week's Tour, Hol,el, Weird, &c., wad 5 days' Coaching ; 50a.—P3r Lieu lar3, HOLIDAY BUREAU, Pwllheli.

WL. HELL, NORTH WALES.—Conliortable APART- =NT to Let; facing sea.—Mrs ROWLINDS. Dinorwig House, South Beam.

RHiL.—Parties catered for. We guarantee satisfaction. Largest Rooms in Ethyl available at COSTIGAN'Ar

1111 HYL.—Comfortable AP ARTMUNTS.nenr sea and FItIIIOII 1%, terms moderate.—Mrs. WILTON, Kingston House. Russell rd.

HYL.—Seaaide AIARTItiNr. witb or without board; h. and C. bathe. Cycle accommodation. Moderate.— Mrs. EVANB, 2, Brighton rd.

SOUTHPOET.—Bice quiet APAATAIIANTS to Let; central. —Apply for terms (state number of persons), 27, SHAKEPEARE ST.

QOUTH SHORN.—Superior APARTMIiNTS ; Bea view ; t../ one minute station. trams, pier; piano.—Mrs. FAuLKNEE, 23, Dean st., nouth Sbore. Blackpool.

ST. ANNWS-UN-THB-tslie.—ollpdriOS ealtl2 close to pier; beat position.—SLYNNY LEA, St. Anne's rd., West.

rf,HORNTON-LB-FYLDB.—Good APA.RTAINNTS in 1. country (near Blackpool) ; terms moderate.—Mre JONES. Fleetwood rd.

1,1/ INDERYllsElL—Minnurrols's Dining Rooms, nearest station ; Large Parties and Cyclists catered for. APARThiIiNTd.

touses ani3 tanb on Amle.

iodclrfe„) FI2I.IIiHOLIJ Coultry Cottage —Garden,pasture, 1-aore.—Mr. FAIR. Oakley, Hampshire.

FTIO DR SOLD beat shop in best position In Earleatown J_ known as the "Tea Shop."—Jogoi Dewy, Oakbank, Gathurat, Wigan.

T YTHAOI.—For sale. Double-fronted HODS% two enter- -1.4 trifling rooms, seven bedrooms,good kitchens, cellars.— App' MAYCROFT, Bast Beach.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Th e Examiner, Saturday, July 28, 1906.

BALMY BOURNRMOUTH.—HOTEL DALKIIITIL most up-to-date. DAINTY CUMINE. From 30e. No extras. Nr.oier.

BLACRPOOL : Mrs. ICLLWOOD, Grange Boarding Mouse, Lord st., near Talbot Road Station and sea.—Terms from 45., no extras, Billiards; telephone 0656.

DULL BAY HOTEL. AMLWCH.—Tbe Switzerland of JO England; facing the Irish Sea ; golf, shooting, hsh- noating ; sea baths attaohed.—G. J. Munn.

DOUGLki, I.O.H.—Clarendon Hotel, Tea, bed and breakfast, 48.—H. BEDFORD. Prop. (Corn Leeds.)

tOOOLAS.—Mrs. McCuLLocn, Abercrombie House. 2, 11 Bova}-avenue West. Overlooking the entire bay. Boarders and non-boarders. Bede, 2s. per night; board, from 4s. 6d. Trams from steamer every minute.

DOUGLAS.—OHALMBHS' YORK BOARDING ReTAB- LISHMIIN Castle Terrace. Central promenade. Trams pass from steamers. Firft-class table. Terms from ss. 6d. per day. Central and best position on front.

DUBLIN.—WASTRRLSY HOTRL, Sanity'lle et., Re6t. attd. Central. Mod. Garden roof. Every comfort

DUBLIN.—Comfortable, Select PRIVATE HOTEL, 86, Lower Gardiner st. ; central ; bed, breakfast, baths, 2e. 6d. Mr.. LYONS.

IPILRY.—FERN 1-101/81C BOARDING RSTABLISHMHNT l' on sea front; smoke-room; tariff moderate —A. REYNOLDS

s LANDUDItto. Almorn BOASDING BiIABLISH- -1.4 MENT, close to tier; bath, hot and cold.—/diss WARD. Telegrams, ‘• Sisters," Llandudno.

DORT ERIN, BRIGHTON BOARDING HOetils, II Promenade, facing sea; boating, fishing, near to baths; terms moderate.—Mrs. HABEN.

I I 'PER BANGOR, N. WALBS.—PLAB MENAI BOARD- ING ICSTABLISHMIINT. Near Pier and golf links, tariff from ss. per day.

gpartments,,furnislnb INustsl &E.

A P+RTAINNTS In FaRIVIOUSIi ; beauttfnt scenery, it fishing ; terms moderate.—Bars.CatmeTnn,Xertowdhoo, Foxclate, Isle of Men.

DELFAST.—VI.Roci can have BOARD and APART MIMS on reasonable terms, by day or week, at 4," CRoMWELL RD.

-DLACKPOOL—Cornfortable APARTBSPITS, near Centre Pier ; cyclists accommodated.—Mrs BULL, 23, Dale it. sea view.

BLACUPOOL.—Bed. cooking and attendance Is. each person per day. PiADO. Book Central Smtion.—Mrs. BRooKs 10 Central rd.

DIPLACKPOOL tu (Promeide).—Publie and PrivAte APAAT- 11iliNTS ; splendid position ; terms moderate.—Mrs lionme, 11. Tyldesley Terrace.

BLACKPOOL.--APARTMBriTs.—Mrs. JAMES CRABTREE, 94, Egerton-rd.. North, near Talbot-rd. (Late of Smanbridge and Intl ehceongh).

BLACKPOOL.—Pleasant APARTNIRATS ; 3 minutes Talbot road S'tation. 3 minutes Winter Gardens ; reasonable.—Mrs. HULIME, 74. Nlklbourne at.

I.)LACKPOOL.—VieitotB coming to Blackpool will fint home !rum home at 63. Palatine rd. ; bed and attend- ance 2s. ; boarding If requira4 ; piano.—Miss McKie.

DLACKPOOL.—C mforthble, homely APARTMENTS.— B°'oo Mrs. HARTLEY'S, 80, Albert rd., near Central Stacion and sea. Stamp reply,

BLAOKPOOL .--Select APARTSINNTS near Central fit,tion and sea. well recommended at,mp for reply. —WARD AND FARBROTHER, 22, Head's rd,

BLACKPOOL.—APARTIVENTS public or private, cicse to sea. —The Mises IdAppLEßEcx, -Prudhoe House, 85, Lord et., IL Shore.

BLACKPOOL.—Iiome from home; near Central Station. Stamp for reply.- Mrs. WADDINGToN, 54, Albert rd., and 69. Coronation at.

BLACKPOOL-APAIIMINNTS, close to central pier and station; piano; stamp for reply —Mrs. OILLIPXAN, 30, Bairstow et., Promenade.

BLACKPOOLe—CIean homely APARTIVOINT3 ; Public and private ; good beds and cooking; central.—Birs. HIGBON. 28. Charnley rd.

BLACKPOOL.—Comrortable A.PARTAIIINTS with or with out board, 7 erms moderate, Piano.—Miss PILICINGTON, 16, Topping et., off Talbot rd. TRIPILACKPOOL.—OomfortabIe APARTMBNTS. opposite II station ; near sea ; terms raoderate.—Mrs. EIIIDLICT; 91, Withinll rd., South Shore.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
TEM kXAMINER.

JULY 28th 1906.

It is a risky thing to write

THE TWO about Russia nowadays, for REVOLUTIONS, the whole situation may have been changed, and by world-shaking events, before what is written appears in print on the breakfast table. Events in Russia, as has been remarked, are closely follow- ing the precedent of the French Revolution. One newspaper observes " That the parellel lines may not be produced indefinitely must be earnestly hoped, even by those who believe most firmly in the righteousness of the popular cause and the pressing need of the substitution of the constitutional for the autocratic system." The words are obviously based on a misapprehension, not only of what is now taking place in Russia,but of what took place in France towards the end of the eighteenth centry. Comparatively recent, but very complete and conclusive, research has proved that the events of the French Revolution were,like the report of Mark Twain's death, grossly exagger- ated. The documents on which the history of that great event has been based were written on one side by those who desired to exaggerate the blood-guiltiness of the Revolutionaries, and on the other by those who felt the need of magnifying the crimes and the cruelties of the regime which was overthrown. What occurred in France has already been outdone in Russia. The imagination does not shrink from turther horrors because they leaay approach the French scale—for that scale has already been excelled—but because they may, and probably wll, transcend all human experience.

The events of the French Revolution were dramatic. They had that conciseness and

impressiveness which comes of being confined within a comparatively narrow space. They wore a bloodthirsty aspect, without doubt ; but from first to last, exclusive of lieromiox's wars which sprung out of them, they did not involve anything like the large sacrifice of life and property which has already taken place iu Russia since Red Sun- day. Probably more lives are sacrificed every year by violence in Macedonia than were destroyed by the Meloch of the Revolution. There were not a dozen prisoners in the Bastile when it was pulled down; but the Russian prisons are full to overflowing, and chiefly full of political prisoners. The war in the Vend6e was nothing as compared to what is taking place in certain of the Russian provinces, where the peasants are burning out the landowners and reducmg themselves to helplessness by destroying at the same time the crops and the seeds which might ue reproduced .:1 The general condition of Russia is anarchy quali- " I led by organised massacre. The arranging of " pogroms " seems to be the only kind of organise- Con that still remains. , Those who ivish well to Russia and less well to autocratic systems of government will desire that, the parallel between the Russian and the French Revolutions shall not be prolonged to the extent , of the final" whiff of grapeshat." The long agony ; ir of the Russian people has deserved something , better than e tinction by wholesale slaughter. Yet so far as can be foreseen, the triumph will rest in the long run with the rifle bullet, the sword, the machine gun, and the knout. The alternative prospect is that Russian liberties may be preserved by the financial necessities of the country. Tyranny is at the end of its resources. It has been assisted so much already by the wealth of other countries that it is alleged by those who have the best means of knowing that we are on the verge of a tremendous financial crisis which will involve all Europe, but particularly France and England. In the general ruin, both the autocracy and the bureaucracy of Russia may go down. It is sad to think that this is almost the only ground of hope for the Russian people.

There was much that was A Boom IN TRADE. extremely interesting in the speech which Mr. Cecil a,.. F. Parr, the chairman of Parr's Bank, Limited, c delivered to the shareholders at the meeting of ' 1, the company at Warrington on Thursday. We , believe we are right in saying that Mr. Parr's ! remarks on these occasions are always looked for- ward to with pleasure, for he does not content himself with merely reviewing the position and prospects of the bank but takes a wide survey of financial and commercial matters generally. His speech on Thursday revealed the gratifying ' fact that during the past half year there have been "good times." To those who have been apt to take a pessimistic view 'of our commercial prosperity, it should be re-assuring to know that trade is booming. Lancashire's great staple industry—cotton—is nourishing, many mills working at full time and having sufficient orders on hand to keep them going for many months to come. Warringtoe people will be more closely concerned with the iron and steel trades and here again Mr. Parr was able to report most favourably. As an indication of the boom which is being experienced he pinted out that the output for Middlesborough alone for the last six months came to over 700,000 tons, aS against 460,300 tons for the previous half year. ,Those people who are incessantly groaning about " dumping" and foreign comp3tition will I perhaps be surprised to hear that LO present both Germany and America are buyilo iron and steel from us. Mr. Parr alluded/"ii undisguised satisfaction to influences whieuf u-E, they became more pronounced, must be for t`,',., permanent benefit of our trade. One was tl-w wave of temperance at present sweeping over the country and the other the increased readiness evidenced by masters and men to settle disputes by arbitration instead of resorting kto the "ruinous and barbarous methods" of strikes and lockouts. No one, we imagine, Will feel disposed to quarrel with Mr. Parr's view as to these great forward movements and we can only express the fervent hope that both temperance and arbitration will make more rapid strides. Without entering upon a consideration of the interesting hut intricate'subject of whether there is sufficient gold in the world to go round—on which Mr. Parr spoke at some length—we would commend the speech to the thoughtful perusal of our readers.

As a result of the Royal MOTOR CAR LAW. Commission on Motor Cars. some very important and interesting recommendations are made, though the cars are neither to be taxed out of existence nor forbidden to raise dust. From the point of view of the majority the most valuable and strik- ing proposal is that taxes on motor vehicles shall be increased, and the revenue from all such taxes shall be allocated to the different local authorities , for the improvement of the roads. MotoristS I themselves will welcome this retommendation, for there will be less objection to even an increased tax when it is recollected that the money is to ha ..° spent on the roads. Nothing is said about road- , construction— which was perhaps outside the prov- ince of the Commission—but it is to be hoped that the road makers will of their own accord,or under the guidance of some central authority, adopt a different method of construction. The ordinary macadam road is almost as unsuited to the triffic of the day as the stone pavements of 100 years ago. A better " binding " material than mud and grit is required if any reduction of the dust nuisance is to be effected. There is lik4y to be more diversity of opinion in regard to the pro- ' posed abolition of the general speed limit of 2,0' miles an hour and the substitution of a twelve mile speed limit at dangerous spots. Motorists will probably hail the idea with delight, and if they and their drivers were all of one type—the - best—there could not be much objection from other road-users. But the road-hog is still prevalent and if he has a nice stretch of road before him, free from cross roads, hills and the like, he is certain to let his car " zip " at any speed uP, to a mile a minute. The objection to this the effect on cyclists and horse-drivers. Th : are hundreds of cyclists—both male and female who at present cannot suppress a tremor nervousness when a car comes past from behi with a rush and a roar at the legal speed-limi But what will be their feelings when the speed-. limit is abolished and cars can indulge in express speed on the open road ? In all probability we . should hear much oftener of shocking fatalities like the one a week or two ago near Tarporleyr when a nervous girl-cyclist wobbled straight into a car through sheer fright. The speed questiori ' is one which must be very carefully considered from many points of view so long as we have 50 many classes of traffic on the roads. The other numerous recummendations of the Commissioo are such as will find general favour, and an altera' tion of the law on such lines is probable. --- A correspondent takes the smoke nuisance another column. He something done to lessen it, and we hope be wh• 0 be successful. It would be better if he were ill th, Town Council and then he could second t' . efforts of Alderman Bennett in the same direct.io Warrington is one of those conservative-00tdie-r, political sense' of course—places where Me ici methods are slow to catch on. As Mr. Gtrla3e3 of his letter points out, there is no qnestion of fact as to the immense possibilities in the watillow smoke prevention, and if manufacturers ar,ed to move in the matter, the spur shoui. applied by the local authority whice responsible for the health of the Sons Ltd. munity. Messrs. Crosaeld and is

BLACK SMOKE.

MEM

, ' have set an excellent example locally, and proved ' that there is no need to poison the air with black 'smoke from furnace chimneys. A large wire-works nothing like one hundred miles from Messrs. Oros- , fields' front door sets an example as bad as their's is good. Most of the large works in the town follow snit—or soot—and of smoke prevention ' there is very little. Not long ago a watch used to , be kept on Warrington chimneys, and occasionally some black offender wonld be haled before the bench—consisting often of brother offanders—and fined. The fine was small in comparison with the volume of smoke, and proved little of a deterrent. Now there is not even an occasional prosecution. and Warrington's tall chimneys belch forth 4, soot and blackness as often and as long as . they like. Possibly the Act relating to the ' emission of black smoke does require amending, but the education of the manufacturer in his office , and the stoker at his furnace are more necessary. Until we get a healthy pablic opinion on the ' question there will oever be a healthy atmosphere in manufacturing towns. "Beautiful Warriugton" .( offers reason for hope, and indeed we have more faith in efforts on these lines than in all the Acts of ,Parliament ever drafted. But S,noky Warrington will remain Smoky Warrington for some time yet.

Now that everyone is think- HOLIDAY WAys jog of 'holidays and of how AND MEANS. best to spend them, one's thoughts are apt to go ;,. hack to th 3 many plans which have been thought of and acted on in former seasons, and to wonder what new thing in this line will be tried this year. One of the most novel ideas was that of two 4`o, 'Nloting ladies. They took a furnished cottage, and it was noticed that several days after moving ria they were never seen to enter or leave the house. The neighbours became alarmed. The door was locked, and on the police breaking into the house the damsels were found in bed, where they intended to stay for the rest of the time. ,We do not think, however, that this form of holiday is likely to become popular, although it could no doubt be recommended on the score of cheapness. Other cheap holidays such as camping- out will no doubt attract a far greater number, while walking tours and boating will also claim their adherents. The simple-life idea is certainly popular—at least its theory is—but in prac- tice it either means " roughing it," which iew people really like, or else spending one's time in a quite out-of-the-way village where there are not only no niggers but no danc- ing, no fashions, and little chance of meeting and making the acqu tintance of other holiday-makers This is very good, no doubt, for some invalids, hut .moat people would find it too terribly dull. After all, though they complain of the overcrowding and 00 on, most people will find that on the whole the much•depised " fashionable resort " has plints of its own which outweigh the advent iges of more new-fangled and generally unsatisfactory ways of spending a holiday. Besides, whatev-ir we may , say, English people are too conservative to make any radical changes, even in their methods of obtaining " a change of scene."

-- Whatever else may be said, THE DREA.DNOUGHT. the Board of Admiralty , have certainly made up their minds to a policy, and having done so are Prepared to carry it out. The memorandum issued by the Board dealing with the details of the Dreadnought proves that. Toe sea-fights in the recent Far Eastern war proved the value of Powerful long-range armament to the battleship and demonstrated, too, that under conditions such as prevailed between the 'Japanese and Russian 2eets secondary armament for battleships became . not only useless but an unnecessary burden. S) in the new ships it was decided that there should be , no intermediate armament, but that the ship should carry ten 12in. guns so placed as to give ,-, , he maximum of fire on the broadside and a very large proportion of fire ahead or astern. The deci large ion was conrageops, for it struck out a new path i l'or the British naval policy. Yet it was the prac- tical conclusion of an experience like that of the battle off Port Arthur two years ago, when Togo's battleships by the power and accuracy of their it::o3:24rin-fire reduced the Russian Fleet to r "neY. It will be interesting to see whether Other nations will follow our example, Certainly Japan oußht when she provides herself with further battleshiv,,.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060728_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman is regarded through- 1/4, 'ti '.. nt the Parliamentary circles of Europe as one of the 4 sturdiest champions of liberty and democracy.—. 'Glasgow Herald." * * * • It was a rather singular circumstance that not a single competitor in Saturday's Cycle Parade endeavoured to turn the tinned meat scandals to good account. This was surely a case of neglecting to improve the shining hour. * * * Sir John Brunner, M.P., with his usual generosity has offered to nay the expense of sending the children at Dutton Workhouse to the seaside for a day's holiday. Needless to say, the offer was accepted '' with thanks" by the Runcorn Roard of Guardians.

* * Our readers will be interested to learn that Mr. 'Prancis Neilson, who delivered such stirring and eloquent speeches in Warrington just before the e setion campaign, has been responsible for the crganizing of the Liberal meetings in the Cockerineuth division which average about eighteen a day. * * It has been pretty generally suggested that the exclu- sion of the Bank Quay district from the route of the 'cycle parade was to some extent responsible for the the falling off in the collection. We should not wonder if that were the case for even "gorgeous dis- plays of tinsel and paper" will not draw some people up to town, whereas they can be successfully appealed \ to if the procession passes their door. * * * _

The St. Helens Health Committee has decided. to

appoint a lady doctor wLo will assist the Medical Officer of Health and attend specially to School Children. A salary of £l6O is offered, rising in two annual instalments to £2OO. If every big town goes in for medical superintendence in this thorough fashion, the problem of what to do with our girls Will be solved. They will all want to be lady doctors under municipal authorities if they can thus earn .C. 3 to £4 a week.

* * * Tree-planting at Stockton Heath was a much vexed question a short time ago, but the weather has been too hot lately to argue about such things. The fact still remains that many of the trees are a nuisance and a danger, and it is some consolation to learn that the Rural Council admits " there are trees which are somewhat in the way." Ti e time is.not opportune for removing them, but the .ifrdent tree-planter must not imagine the matter has then forgotten. * * * Trains and bicycles are very convenient modes of locomotion but they certainly come as an" ill wind" to the boot manufacturer. In his speech to the share- holders of Parr's Bank, Ltd., on Thursday, Mr. Cecil P. Parr attributed the decline in the Leicester boot trade in great measure to the saving of shoe leather ,effected by trains and bicycles. As he remarked, this Is a curious instance of how the social habits of a People may materially affect the demand for even so Primitive and universal a material as shoe leather. 5 * * Admiral Jones Parry thinks there is room for the activity of the Beautiful Warrington Society in the neighbourhood of Grappenhall Brook, "the most , nasavoury spot he had ever seen." Quite possibly there is scope for some such labour here, but it ought to Come from Grappenhall and Thelwall, and the Eallant admiral might very properly lead the way. fact that Warrington people drink the milk of e cows that drink from the brook savours a ltttle of „the house that Jack built," but it is no reason why "eY should do other people's work.

When Mr. Meyer, president of the Baptist Union attended a meeting at Brighton, sornesne reminded him that he had preached there fourteen years ago. Mr. Meyer said that he would give a penny to any one who remembered the text. A man held up his hand, and repeated the text, and amid enthusiasm Mr. Meyer handed him the penny

* * * "When do you call a man drunk?" asked Super- intendent Ennion at Runcorn of. a woman named Jones, who had come to prove her son was sober. "When he cannot pull his shoes off and get upstairs," was the reply, amid loud laughter. This is not a bad standard to set up, and seems superior to the chalk- line method. There can be no doubt of a man's drunkenness when in the state described.

* * * Atelegrat in the daily press states that Miss Rosa Symonds has just completed a cycle ride from London to Land's End, to John o' Groat's and back to L mdon. The distance covered was 1,815 miles in 14 days. This almost incredible performance works out at 130 miles a day—a feat of endurance at which most men would crumple up. If Miss Symonds spent her fort- night's holiday in this fashion she must be a glutton for work. Personally we can see no sense in this kind of cycling unless there is a substantial reward at the end of it. "Fourteen days hard" would be a dreamy spell in paradise in comparison. * * *

The suffragette has come- to stay. To that event we may as well Make up our minds ; her strident yell Is heard amongst us every day. Poor man at present is at bay Endeavouring in vain to quell The suffragette. In time, no doubt, she'll get her way, (When that will be no man can tell) But—pray divulge not where I dwell— Woman does not deserve, I say, The suffrage yet !

—" Punch."

* * * A certain Burnley church magazine contains a report of a mother's picnic, which, after mentioning that the mothers at dinner consumed soup, fish, beef, lamb, ducklings, plum puddings, and a host of other edibles, continues :—" Then an adjournment was made to an adjoining field, and enjoyment of another kind appeared. •We frolicked like young lambs. We sang, we rolled one another down slopes and, oh! how we laughed! and why not? We live hard lives beneath grey skies, and amid moist surroundings; and this was 'our day out ' ; and we meant to enjoy it ; and Ivo did."

* * * In a churchyard less than ten miles from Manchester (writes a Church correspondent to the " Manchester Guardian ") I last week found a lofty marble monu- ment with an inscription in gilt letters stating that it was erected by the members of a licensed victuallers' association to the memory of their secretary, "in recognition of the valuable services rendered to the trade by his energy and perseverance during the long period he served their interests." Whether the vicar of the parish was in 1835 consulted as to this inscrip- tion is of some interest. Its legality might certainly have been contested at the time, but I can imagine Sir, Wilfrid Lawson's ghost haunting that spot. * * *

According to a report on -experiments in the pro vention of dust on Lancashire roads, presented by the County Survevor,the use of palliatives would cost £4O pe r mile. There are 472 miles of macadamised main roads and 057 miles of macadamised secondary roads in the county and the cost of treating these alone Would amount to 5.57, 160 per year. Under the circumstances we can see little use in continuing the experiments. A. remedy of this kind is out of the question because of the expense. The County authori- ties had better set to work to find a cheap, binding road-material to take the place of the present duet- producing macadam. A permanent cure, and not a palliative, is required. * * * The motorist need no longer look for "the man in blue" in Dorsetshire. He has vanished and in his stead appears the man in grey, Owing to the dust nuisance it has been decided on the recommendation of the Chief Constable of Dorset that sergeants and policemen shall in future be provided with grey instead of blue uniforms in the summer. This is a striking innovation, and if the example becomes at all generally followed we may expect an outcry from the fraternity who find it necessary to keep an eye on the " bobby." If the colour of the latter changes in every county, the rogue and the vagabond and the law breaking motorist will have to carry a sort of identification catalogue like unto the booklet of motor numbers which the police find useful.

*4„ * We are surprised to learn that such a mild and peaceful gentleman as the Rector of Warrington has read that very fanciful story "The Invasion of England in 1910," and has moreover been much interested therein. Indeed so much was the Rector impressed with the feebleness of the national defence as pour- trayed by the novelist that he made it the subject of a warning word in his annual sermon to th.) Volunteers at Church on Sunday morning. They were to remem- ber that " God had given them not only this country, but possessions in all quarters of the globe—in America, Africa, Asia, with the whole of Australia, . . . . and they should be prepared for defence." Some of these gifts of God were really filched by man, but that by the way. The clerical mind is apt to get rather out of its depth when it ventures into the realm of military necessity. Most of the colonies are well able to look after themselves, and in any case our volunteers are intended solely for home defence.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Notice. • The Warrington "Examiner " is now published on Friday afternoon, price one penny, and is on sale at the various newsagents at about 4 o'clock. Should any difficulty be experienced in getting the paper the proprietors will undertake to deliver a copy at any address in Warrington by 5 o'clock on Friday after- noon without extra charge. Address all cornrannica, tions to" Eyaminer Office," Bewsey-street Warrington UNDER THZ CLOCK for Good BOOTS. Advt.—

Band of Hope Picnic. The members of the Hill Cliffe and Stockton Heath Band of Hope Society held their annual picnic on Thursday. Assembling at 7.30 the party, which num- bered 120, left Stockton Heath by 'bus for Bank Quay station where a special train awaited them. Warring- ton was left at eight o'clock and Morecambe, the place selected for the outing,was reached an hour and a half later. The day, which was gloriously fine, was pleasantly spent and after tea at the Crescent hotel the return journey was commenced, Warrington being reached by 9.30.

LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDEK TIIE CLOCK. BRAD GE-STR.EET.—Advt. A Neglectful Mother. At 'Warrington, on Thursday, Sarah Ann Davison, Cartwright-street was charged with neglecting her two children. Inspector Cos stated that the case was adjourned last month to see if defendant would improve. He had visited the house on several occasions since, but she had made no effort towards improving the conditions of the home or the children. The elothing'of the children was almost in rags, the defendant being too lazy to sew buttons on. House- hold articles and clothing had been pawned for money for drink. The magistrates committed her to goal for a month.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
J, R. WOOD, Piano Dealer and Tuner, 47, Old London-road., Stockton Heath.—Advt. Presentation to Ex-Fireman Powell,

An interesting ceremony took place at the Fire Station immediately after the Fancy Dress Parade on Saturday last, when in the presence of a full comple- ment of the Brigade, Mr. W. Powell, who has recently severed his connection with the Fire Brigade, was presented with a gold medal as a token of respect, and also in recognition of past services rendered. The presentation was made in an interesting speech by Superintendent Turner, who was supported in his remarks by the Deputy-Superintendent and Sergeant Monks. In addition to those present were the Superintendent and representativea of the Runcorn Fire Brigade. onti

CRAWFORD'S CREAM CRACKERS.

CRISP AND CREAMY.

, . .

4.lk\

===== 0002601_19060728_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 28, 1906.

Musical Successes. . At the recent Examination held by the Incorporated Society of Musicians, the following pupils of Mr. C. H. Dawson, 28, Arthur-street, were successful in piano- forte playing :—Master W. Beattie and Miss Alice Harding, Grade I,; Misses Queenie Pugh and Isy ' ;Dawson, Primary Grade • Masters Thomas Peacock land Llewellyn, Primary Grade. i BABY CARRIAGES. Latest patterns.—J. S. IGARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Kenyon Hall College. i I The annual prize distribution took place at the ;above school on Wednesday. Captain T. E. Withington , . J.P., of Culcheth Hall, presided, and Mrs. Withington 1 j kindly made the distribution. Letters were read from 1 ItLady Henry M. Stanley co nmending geographical I study, and from Sir J. E. Johnson Ferguson, Bart., I , . . i land Mr. John Sutton, Mayor of Tenterden, regretting' ytheir unavoidable absence. ; : Lymm Motorist Knocks a Boy Down. t A serious motor car accident occurred at Broad- heath on Tuesday, as a result of which a boy named ; Harry Leslie Timms, of Albion House, Manchester- ' road, Altrincham, lies in Altrincham Hospital suffer- ling from a fractured skull. The boy was riding on , the step of a 'bus running between Altrincham and i Broadheath, and as a motor car belonging to Mr. ISmith, of Lymm Hall, Lymm, approached, Timms jumped to the road, running into the car. He was I knocked down under the splash board. The car was I brought to a stop and conveyed the youth to the 'infirmary. Labour Bertau. There have been registered during the week 29 persons, making the total number now registered 779. During the week 28 persons have obtained work ; 11 through the agency of the bureau, and 17 through their own efforts, and there are now on the register 159 persons. The Committee would be glad to recom- mend suitable women for scrubbing, clean- ing, washing, etc. There are also several elderly men on the register who would be glad of work such as porters, handymen, watchman, or any other suitable work, and any information respecting any of the above will be willingly given free of charge. Lancashire Education Committee. The awards resulting from the examinations for , scholarships and exhibitions 1900 under the Lanca- shire Education Committee have now been made and j printed. They include art, music, agricultural, junior 1 agricultural, midwifery, and domestic economy ; scholarships, 450 exhibitions for candidates intending Ito become pupil teachers, 215 junior exhibitions, 100 i open junior exhibitions, 35 senior exhibitions, and , various other exhibitions for art, music, and agricul- ture varying from £lO to £2O per year. Copies of ; the awards may be had from Mr. 11. Lloyd S nape, ! director of Education, County offices, Preston. I The Institute of Journalists. 1 To celebrate the reunion of the Manx members with : the Liverpool district of the Institute of Journalists ' the usual quarterly meeting was held on Saturday lin Douglas, a large party of members from Liver- pool, Southport, Warrington, Wigan, Wrexham, and Denbigh voyaging by the steamer Mona in the morn- ing. The business meeting was held in the afternoon at Douglas Town Hall, the visitors being cordially welcomed by the Mayor (Alderman Faragher). The feature of the official reports was a farther accession to the membership roll and the formation of a new sub-district organisation for the Wrexham area. Mr. A. H. Ward Jones (Liverpool) was nominated . a candidate for a vice-presidency of the !Institute, and Messrs'. F. Fennelly (chair- man), H. Isherwood (Warrington), C. Lyon (Liverpool). A. H. Ward Jones (Liverpool) and Frank Grindley (Douglas) were appointed delegates from the Liverpool district to the national conference at Dublin in September. Various questions of pro- fessional interest were discussed, and a line of policy adopted. By the kindness of the Manx journalists the visitors' week-end in the island was made very eajoy- able. On Saturday evening the Palace, Derby Castle, the Grand Theatre, the Gaiety Theatre and other entertainment resorts welcomed the English journalists and on Sunday the Electric Railway Company placed , special cars at the disposal of the party for trips to I Laxey, up Snaefell Mountain, and on to Ramsey, 1 visiting several of the charming glens on the route. lAt night most of the visitors attended the pleasing sacred concert given to a crowded audience in the Palace. Both going to and returning from the island the Isle of Man Steampacket Company met the con- venience of their guests in every way. LAWN MOWERS, Garden Tools, &c. Splendid selection.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-st.—Advt. Ancient Order of Foresters. The quaxterly meeting of the Warrington district was held oil Saturday at the Mason's Arms,Mill-street, . the members present being ; —Bro. Peter Peacock, I District Chief Ranger presiding ; Bro. J. Owen in the I vice chair ; J. Walsh and H. James, District trustees; I L.:Davies,district secretary ;George Maybury,P.D.C.R.; i J. Chrimes,P.D.C.R.; W. Bullock, P.D.C.12.; W. Orrell P.D.C.R., and the following Past Chief Rangers, W. Bancroft, W. Smith, W. H. Rylance ; J. Crayson, E. Finch, E. Clayton, were amongst the delegates appointed to attend. The district comprises 2,000 members and 74 widows, and 11 new members were announced. The worth of the district funeral fund is over £2,703. The business brought before the mem- bers for consideration was of great importance, including the business for the High Court, i which s to be held at King's Lynn in August, there being 70 propositions from 1 the Cardiff district for the alteration of the constitu- tional government in the management of tha Order, also propositions from the London United District supporting those from Cardiff, also a very important proposition to alter the representation of delegates attending the H.C., by limiting all districts to one delegate for every 1,000 members and one for every fraction over, whereas at present every Court can send a representative to the High Court. Bro. Peter Peaeock, who is represe.nting this district, was requested to oppose these alterations. It was also mentioned that for the first time in the history of Friendly Societies, his Majesty the King had given permission for the delegates to visit Sandringham, and whilst there he would entertain all the delegates to luncheon. The delegates who attended the North- Western Federation at Barrow gave a report of the I business transacted and a vote of thanks was accorded I them. Nominations were received for the district officers i for the ensuing year.—A vote of thanks was given to 1" Robin Hood" (Bro. J. Bancroft) and "Maid Marian" ; (Yiss E. Maybury), for taking part in the cycle parade I that afternoon, both these representatives obtaining 1 prizes. During the evening the district officers along I with the delegates paid an official visit to Court I Warrington 430, at the Blue Lion Hotel. They were accompanied by" Robin Hood" in full costume and also paid a visit to Court Jaaziel 138 which is held t the White Bull Hotel. V ery hearty and cordial eceptions were accorded to the Brathren.

WHERE TO SPEND AUGUST BANK HOLIDAYS. We would draw the attention of our readers to the ' large and varied list of cheaptrips advertised in another column, which have been arranged by the London and North-Western Railway Campany, for those who desire to spend August Bank Holidays at the seaside and other ; pleasure resorts :—To Scotland (all parts) August 2nd. London by the quick and direct route August 3rd and 15th. Birmingham, Cambridge, &c., August 3rd. South Coast Watering Places, Eastern Counties, and \Vest of ' England August 3rd. The local tripper is also catered for by trips on August 6th to Huddersfield, Leeds, Manchester Liverpool, New Brighton, Kendal, Winder- mere, and Birmingham. A fast excursion will also run tolßuxton and hbourne, calling at Alsop-en-le-dale for Dovedal e.

I The L.C.C. have declined with regret the request of the Wandsworth Borough Council that they should ! erect a tablet at No. The Pavement, Clapham !Common, to commemorate the residence of Lord 1 Macaulay there, on the ground that the tablet cannot be placea in a position where it can be easily read by the public.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

A DROWNING MYSTERY.

John White, fifty-four, captain of the fishing smack On Sunday evening the members of the Liverpool Excel, was drowned under somewhat extraordinary Catholic Cyclists' Association held their annual church ' circumstances on Saturday. The deceased was parade in St. Bartholomew's Church, Rainhill, and they lapproaching Runcorn after being on a fishing were joined by various other clubs, the total number expedition. He was seen by spectators walking the attending being over 400, while the event attracted a I deck, when he suddenly fell into the river, threw up large crowd of people from the surrounding district. both arms and sank. He did not rise again. His The Liverpool cyclists, who had assembled at St. assistant was in the cabin at the time, The body was George's Hall, rode through Cronton, the clubs repro- subsequently recovered by the local grappling corps. seated being the cyclist section of the sth Irish, St. FREE SPEECEI AT WIDNES. John's, St. Alphonsus's, Eldonians, St. Nicholas's, Holy , Cross, Mount Vernon, Mount Carmel, St. Francis's, All A PREFERENCE FOR GAOL. Souls, Salisbury, and St. Alban's. At Crouton they After the conclusion of the business at the Widnes. were met by the following St. Helens clubs:—C.Y.M.S., Police Court, on Monday, Daniel Gargban, one of the Windleshaw, Sacred Heart, and Hol Cross, and also a men recently convicted in connection with the labour section of the Earlestown C.Y.M.S. Cyclists' Club. meetings, made application far a commitment to gaol They marched to the church headed by the band of the in default of payinc• the ;fines inflicted upon him for Farnworth Nautical School (the old Clarence boys). obstruction.—Mr. °Arthur Finchman made a similar The service at St. Bartholomew's was held in a field on application with regard to the summons and fines the side of the church, the Rev. T. Bertrand, C.P., of St. inflicted on him. As he had no goods to distrain, he Anne's, Sutton, preaching the sermon. wanted to be sent to prison, or an exemption order from DOCTOR v. BUTCHER.' the cloud that was hanging over his head.—The Clerk ; ST. HELENS CHANCERY CASE. said that, as the distress warrants had not been returned, , he could not advise the bench to take notice of the At the Lancashire Chancery Court, sitting at St. application. From a letter he had received he was George's Hall, on Monday,Dr. E. T. Twyford, Ormskirk led to believe that all the flues would be paid.—The street, St. Helens, brought an action for an injunction applicants then left the court. , to restrain the Argentine Meat Company, Limited, from , continuing an alleged nuisance. Mr. John Rutherford REGATTA AND SWIMMING GALA AT and Mr. Mather appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. ROCKSAVAGE. Maberly: and Mr. Eastwood were for the defendants.— HALF-MILE CHAMPIONSHIP. The plaintiff complained that the defendant company , were creating a nuisance through the noise of a ref rigera- The fourth annual regatta and swimming gala of the ' ing plant installed in a butcher's shop next door to his Runcorn Boating Club was held on the Weaver Canal,at residence. Evidence was called to show that an Rocksavage, on Saturday afternoon, when the half-mile undoubted nuisance existed.—Counsel said that the amateur swimming championship of England was plaintiff's son-in-law, Dr. Gray, was confined to his included in the programme. There were eight entries, house through illness, and he asked that his evidence and all turned out. Taylor who won the mile champion- should be taken at his house.—The Vice-Chancellor was ship at Bradford a week ago, was the favourite, and asked to visit the premises, and his Honour observed tooklthe lead at the outset, his closest attendant being that if it was desired he saw no reason why he should T. S. Battersby, of Wigan,who at the first turn was only not do so, and at the same time hear Dr. Gray's evid- about three yards in the rear of the champion. Taylor enecxet Tueathsidsaoywn house.—The case was adjourned until steadily increased his lead, and came in an easy winner n by about seventy yards in 11 min. 25 2-5 sec., having ' reduced the record by 2 3-5 sec. There was a capital race between Battersby and P. H. Lister, of Hyde Seal for second place,bat the former just failed to stay home and was beaten by about three yards. Taylor received a great ovation for his splendid performance. The course was four laps of 220 yards. Results : Half-Mile Championship.—H. Taylor, Chaddertou S.C., 1; P. H. Lister, Hyde Seal S.C., 2; T. S. Battersby, Wigan S.C., 3. Won by 70 yards; 3 yards. Time, 11 mins. 25 2-5 secs. Other contestants : F. Lees, Hather- shaw S.C.; D. Morris, Blackburn S.C.; J. Shorthouse, Salford S.C.; D. Saddler, Newton Heath S.C.'; and J. Rathbone, Verdin, S.C. 150 Yards (Open).—F. Wadsworth, Pendleton (16sec5), 1 • R. H. Allen, Warrington (21 secs)., 2 ; J. 31'Grath, Wigan 3. Four yards ; a yard. 50 Yards (Boys).—F. Fry (12 secs.), 1; F. Fairharst (12), 2 ; W. Marsden (5), 3. 75 Yards (Members).—F. Widders (15 secs.), 1 ; F. Abel (scr.), 2 ; A. H. Fawcett (6), 3. 50 Yards Ladies' (Open).—Miss D. Burnett, West- minster Ladies' (15), 1 • Miss A. Finegan, Westminster Ladies' (25), 2 ; Miss \V. I\l'Alurray, Chester S.C. (11),

===== 0002601_19060728_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. Cost of Vaccination.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held at Dutton on Tuesdav when there were present :—Mr. A. R. Norman (presiding), Admiral Jones Parry, Messrs. J. Douglas, P. Collins, S. Taylor, S. Woodward, T. Wright, C. E. Linaker, J. Balshaw, .T. Hallows, C. Rfflance, J. Spruce, EL Eyes, H. Mavvdslev, Geo. Egerton Warburton, W. Weir, T. Antwis, Bretherton. J. Whitley, T. Guest, H. M. Davies, G. Pilling, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), J. Cuanah (master), T. Cook, W. R. de Prez and J. Pearson (relieving officers.)

THE COST OF VACCINATION. The Finance Committee reported the payment for out relief of £7O to Mr. C00k,Z26 to Mr. de Prsz and £25 to Mr. Pearson. The accounts for vaccination were Dr. McDougle £3l 2s. 6d., Dr. Carruthers £6 is. 6d., Dr. Barton £l2 3s. 3d., Dr. Bower £2l 4s. 6d., Mr. Cook, £lO Bs. Id., de Prez £6 155., and Pearson £3 ISs. 10d. Mr. Woodward said that vaccination had that quarter cost £96 15s. 4d., as against £lO3 7s. for the preceding quarter of last year was £lO2 10s. sd. The Chairman : It is something to be thankful for that the cost is decreasing.

TREAT FOR THE CITILDRM. The Clerk intimated that Sir John Brunner, M.P., had ,offered to pay the expense of sending the Work- house children to the seaside for a day's holiday. Mr. Spruce moved that the oiler be accepted and that Sir John Brunner be thanked. The Chairman: We would be culpable if we refused it. We all know how kind Sir John is in dealing with poor people mad this is only another evidence of his kindness. The motion was approved.

' ....40,1......m.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL ---- Stockton Heath Tree Planting.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural District ,Council was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there were present :—Mr. George Pilling (presiding), Admiral Jones Parry,Messrs. G. Egerton Warburton,J. H. Davies, S. Woodwand, T. Wright, C. E. Linaker, J. Bolshaw, J. Hallows, C. Roylance, J. Spruce,H. Eyes, H. Mawdsley, W. Weir, T. Antwis, E. Bretherton,J. Whitley, T. Guest, J. H. Davies, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Houg4 (assistant clerk), J. Swinton (surveyor), J. Farrington (inspector) and Dr. Adams (Medical officer). SEWAGE WORKS AT STOCKTON HEATH..

The tender of Mr. T. Stringer, Warrington, for the construction of sewage works in Grappenhall-road, Stockton Heath, at £ll2 19s. 6d. was accepted.

CLAIM FOR COMPENSATION.. The Clerk said that Mr. ft. Roughsedge, Appleton Thorn, wrote on behalf of his father-in-law. Mr. John Baton, who was injured by the fall of a wall Nvhilst working for the Council about three years ago and asked for compensation. He had been under Dr. Bowes more or less ever since the accident and all be had received had been 10s. from Mr. Swinton. It was decided to adjourn the application pending a report from Mr. Swinton. NORTHWIGH LIGHT RAILWAY.

The Clerk reported that the Light Railway Com- missioners bad approved the Warrington and Northwich Light Railways (extension of time). 'Order 1906.

THE SURVEYORS' SALARIES. At a meeting of the Highways Committee applications for advances ir, salary by the surveyors, were considered and it was resolved that in view of the salaries paid for similar duties in other districts the Council be recom- mended to make no alteration.

The recommendation was approved. TREE PLAIN'TING AT STOCKTON REATH.

. - The committee also considered the question of tree planting at Stockton Heath and recommended that the matter be fully considered and decided upon before the 1 season arrived for the removal of trees. The committee were fully alive to the fact that there were trees in Stockton Heath which were somewhat in the way. The present time was not, however, opportune for moving trees and they would have ample time to send a com- mittee to the district to decide which trees were to be removed: There was no doubt some must be moved if the convenience of the public was to be properly considered.

SURVEYORS ESTIMATES. The committee also considered the question of the excess of expenditure over the estimates of the surveyors. If the surveyors were as competent as they hoped they were they ought to be able to forecast to a given percentage the cost of road improvements and repairs and the committee hoped that next year they would be able to point to a better state of things than at that time.

Mr. J. H. Davies pointed out that in the Budworth district the estimate for repairs had been exceeded by £5 Bs. per mile or 17 per cent. He took it that if a business manager could not estimate to within 17 per cent. there would very soon be a vacancy. Mr. C. E. Linaker said that under certain conditions he did not consider the excess in the Budworth district to be extraordinary. A great deal depended upon the weather as to whether the estimates were exceeded or not. • The reports were approved. 'MP. CONDITION OF ORAPPENHALL BROOK. Admiral Jones-Parry, commenting on'a report pre- sonted by the Grappenhall Brook Committee, said the spot was the most unsavory he had ever seen. It puzzled him how people could be allowed to build house in places which were not sanitary. If people who were looking after The beautifying of Warrington went and put their noses to the Grapperdaall Brook they would find there was plenty of work to do, especially as the cows which supplied milk to Warrington drank the water out or the brook. Mr. Hallows said that where the cows drank was not the worst part.

OUTTIREAK OF SCARLET FEVER. Dr. Adams reported that during the month eight cases of scarlet fever had occured in the district, five of these being located in Stockton Heath.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Builder's Merchant's Affairs.

- _ Under the heading of " First Meetings and Examinations" the following appeared in the "London Gazette" :—S. Booth, lately trading as the remiess Patent Co., 43, Walton-road, Stockton Heath, lately, Bridge Mill, Warrington, builders' merchant; first meeting, July 28th, at the Official Receiver's, Manchester; public examination, August 3, Court- house, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
ST HELENS.

CYCLISTS' CHURCH PARADE AT RAINHILL.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS WOMAN'S DEATH. Hemmed Inquest.

GRAVE ALLEGATIONS AGAINST A MIDWIFE.

Verdict of "Manslaughter."

On Monday, at St. Helens Town Hall, the county coroner (Mr. S. Brighouse) resumed the inquest on the body of a married woman named Ruth Dinah Gibson, forty-one, of 97, bole Bank-street, who died at the St. Helens Providence Hospital on Saturday night, the 20th ult.

The inquiry, it will be remembered, was adjourned from Monday week in order that Mrs. Annie Taylor, a midwife who was in attendance upon the deceased woman during her confinement at the beginning of June, might be legally represented. Mr. J. HaslamFox appeared yesterday morning on her behalf, and Detective-Inspector Dunne watched the case on behalf of the police. James Gibson, a collier, and widower of the deceased, stated that his wife was unexpectedly seized with ill- ness on the night of June 9.Mrs.Taylor was called in and when he saw her he thought she showed signs of drink, but he could not describe her as being drunk. After he had left Mrs. Taylor with the deceased for about half an hour he was called into the room and told that twins bad been born. A fortnight later Dr. O'Keeffe was called in, and he attended the deceased until she was removed to the hospital. Mrs. Taylor had twice previ- ously attended the deceased Cross-examined by Mr. Haslam Fox, witness said he was quite content to leave his wife in Mrs. 'faylor's charge, as he did not believe that she had had much drink.

The Coroner remarked that the allegation which the police made against Mrs. Taylor was that she was culpably negligent in the performance of her duty, and that in consequence the deceased woman came by her death, The case was one in which she ought to have called in a medical man, but had failed to do so. Ellen Jones, a ten-year-old daughter of the deceased, who was sent for Mrs. Taylor on the night in question, asked as to the sobriety of the nurse, stated that Mrs. Taylor stumbled on the road to the house, and didn't " favver " (seem) sober. • Gibson, recalled at the request of Mr. Fox, was asked whether Mrs. Taylor had advised the calling in of the doctor. He replied that so far as he was aware no such suggestion had been made. Margaret Wainwright,a neighbour,said she was in the Gibsons' house on the night of June 9, and had Mrs. Taylor under observation for about half an hour, and thought she was suffering from the effects of drink. Dr. P. J. O'Keeffe deposed that when he was called in Ito attend Mrs. Gibson on June 2 he found her in a low land exhausted condition, and two days later he notified Dr. Buchan, the medical officer of health, of the case. On the 20th the woman was removed to the Providence Hospital, and died there the following day. On the 2nd inst. he and Dr. Buchan made a post-mortem examina- tion and they were agreed that death was caused by blood poisoning due to incomplete delivery. Undoubt- edly the case had beea one in which the attendance of a medical practitioner was required. The proper pre- cautions had not been taken to prevent blood poison- lug. I Dr. John J. Buchan, the St. Helens medical officer, confirmed the testimony of Dr. O'Keeffe as to the con- clusions formed on the results of the post-mortem examination. Mrs. Taylor had been registered since 1905. The rules of the Central Midwives' Board required that wbere the death of the mother of the child occurred before the attendance of a medical practitioner the facts should be notified to the local supervising authority, but that had not been done in this case. Mrs. Taylor was illiterate, and could not write her own name. _

The Coroner remarked that all women who at the , time of the passing of the Midwives Act could prove I that they had been practising for a ye,tr as midwives and had good characters were admitted to the register. Mr. Fox asked whether women with long experience I were not as efficient as those who had passed examina- tions. The Coroner : Well, we have passed the days of Mrs. Garnp and Mrs. Harris, I hope. In answer to a juryman, Dr. Buchan said that Mrs. j Taylor had apparently attempted an operation which. according to the rules, ought to have been left to a t medical man. The probability was that the woman's life would have been saved if medical skill had been requisitioned. Inspector Sisson stated that on Saturday, June 20tb, he took Mrs. Taylor to the Provicence Hospital in I order that she might be present when the dying deposi, tions of Mrs. Gib-son were taken. On the way to the hospital Mrs. Taylor insisted on making a statement, t denying that she had done any harm or exceeded her duty in any respect. When they arrived at the hospital Mrs. Gibson was unable to make any statement. Evidence as to the sobriety of Mrs. Taylor on the occasion in question was given by a woman named Ann Leather, who lived in the same house, add three other I witnesses. Dr. J. S. Fox stated that even with the most expert t medical skill delivery might be incomplete, and he did I not think there was was any satisfactory evidence to I show that the midwife had done any wrong. I The jury returned a verdict of " .1-anslaughter." : Death, they said, was the result of an illegal act per- formed by Mrs. Taylor,but as to whether she was drunk at the time of the operation, the evidence was not sufil- cient to show. IShe was committed to the Assizes on the coroner's , warrant on a charge of manslaughter. MRS. TAYLOR CONINIITTED FOR, TRIAL.

At the St. Helens Police Court, on Tuesday, Mrs. Taylor, a midwife, of Park-road, was brought up charged with manslaughter. I She had to be assisted into the dock by two con- I stables, and seemed to be utterly prostrate, appearing , to feel her position very acutely. ! The magistrates on the bench were Messrs. W. J. Thomson, 13. B. Glover, and J. W. APTear. lhe prisoner , was represented by Mr. J. Haslam Fox. The Chief Constable briefly related the facts of the case, and added that he would call precisely the same evidence that was given before the Coroner, and if they thought there was a prima-facie case, he would ask , them to commit the prisoner for trial at the assizes. Evidence was then called similar to that which had been called in the Coroner's Court, nod prisoner was I committed to the Assizes, bail being refused.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
A STRING BAND PICNIC.

On Wednesday last week the members and friends of the Primitive Methodist String Band, to the number of about 20, had a very pleasant outing to Lymm. Leaving Earlestown in a waggonette at 2 o'clock, Lyrnm was reached by four. Tea was admirably served by Mr. Potter. After a look round the town the return drive was commenced at 6.30, and home reachei at nine o'clock. pi

===== 0002601_19060728_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
Braziers and Sheet Metal Workers.

The prize distribution for the first annual picnic and bowling main in connection with the above took place at the Club House, Bay Horse Inn, Winwick-street on Wednesday. The bowling main took place at the Stamford Arms Bollington where a very enjoyable afternoon was spent, an excellent tea being provided by Mr. Jefferson the Proprietor. The finalists in the bowling competition were Messrs, W. Warburton and T. Lea, the first named winning the first prize by II against 7.

-

VI

MN

NIP

11l

===== 0002601_19060728_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED NEW SCHOOL

AT PENKETH.

SANKEY PROTESTS AGAINST CONTRIBUTING. Parish Meeting. The decision of the Lancashire County Council to erect a new school at Penketh has occasioned some alarm in the adjoining township of Great Sankey as it was thought not unlikely that Sankey would be included among the parishes that would have to contribute towards the cost. This, it is contended, would be a hardship, as Sankey has for many years maintained a school of its own which provides ample accommodation for the children of that township. In order that the ratepayers, residents, and property owners might have an opportunity of expressing their reeling in the matter a Parish Meeting was held in the Council Schools, Liverpool-road, on Monday evening. There was a large attendance, Mr. George Thompson (chairman of the Parish Council) presiding. The other members of the Parish Council present were :—Messrs. W. Taylor, A. Birch, H. Faircloughatml•W. Furnessovith Joseph Smith (clerk). The Chairman said he thought he was the first person who got to hear of the proposal to include Sankey in the list of townships to be rated for the schoel at Penketh, and he heard it with a great deal of surprise. He took immediate steps to call the Parish Council together to take the matter into their serious considera- tion and three or four meetings were held. The action decided upon included writing to the Board of Educa- tion, the local Education Committee at Earlestown, aud the County Council. The Parish Council had certainly done all that it was possible for anyone to do and, he thought, not without some very good results. Fr.= what they knew that night, their action appeared to have been looked apon in a very satisfactory light and the ratepayers had reason to congratulate themselves that the Parish Council had acted in the way they had done. The Clerk and himself received some information of a pleasing character but the Clerk thought it would be better to have something definite to lay before the parish meeting. In reply to a telegram with reference to a meeting of the local Educatioa Committee held at Earlestown the other day' the clerk to that committee (Mr. Clarke) wired:—" Local Committee only recom- j mend Penketh and Cuerdley contribute cost of school." I Therefore as far as the local Committee were concerned, they did not approve of Sankey being saddled with any ' cost whatever, and he (Mr. Thompson) thought that I was a very great step in advance. He, however, con- sidered it was advisable that they should approach the County Council and not let the matter drop. If any of those present had had any thought that the Penketh people were trying to use any influence to bring Sankey ; into the arrangement, they must disabuse their minds of that altogether. Penketh had had nothing whatever to do with it. For twenty years Sankey had been paying for its own school, and it would still have to contribute for eight or nine years. It would therefore be a great injustice if ' the township' were saddled with any of the cost of another school. (Hear, hear). Mr. Thompson suggested the appoint- ment of a committee consisting of the Parish Council and several ratepayers, to take any further action that might be considered necessary. Mr. NV. D. Jeans said the question was one which particularly affected farmers beause they had to bear a great proportion of the rates. If. he continued, the ratepayers objected to the school the proper authority to approach was the Board of Education. They were not to take any representations from Earlestown that they did not mean this or that, because if they let three months elapse they could not approach the Board of Education. Whatever might be the ultimate result they ought to present a petition to the Board of Educa- tion direct. He had drawn up a petition which he thought was suitable for presentation. Mr. Jeans then read the petition which pointed out that Sankey had ample accommodation for the elementary education of all the children of the township, the number which the school would accommodate being 342. The total cost of the school was about V. 750, a portion of which Still remained to be paid by the ratepayers of Great Sankey by annual instalments. The ratepayers of Bold, Cuerdley and Penketh,did not contribute any part of the cost of the building, although the Sankey School had been and was still used by children of the township of Penketh and of the district now comprised in the borough of War- rington. The petitioners submitted that, having regard to the fact of the rates of Sankey being already burdened with the cost of providing a school, and to the future economy of the rates, no portion of the 1 expense of providing the proposed new school ought to be borne by Great Sankey, as the school was wholly unnecessary as far as that township was concerned, and the charging of any portion of the expense on Sankey would render the education rate intolerably heavy. Continu- ing, Mr. Jeans said that if the matter went on, the County Council had power to charge such a proportion as they thought fit, not being less than half or mare than three quarters of the expenditure incurred in pro- viding the school on the parishes served by the school There was no reason whatever why Sankey, having. schools of its own, should be put to the expense of I providiras a school which would be practically for the benefit of Penketh, Bold and Cuerdley. The clerk read a letter which the Parish Council had already addressed to the Board of Education stating Great Sankey's position in the matter. The Board replied that it was for the County Council and not the Board of Education to decide what parishes were served by any school provided by them. If it was desired to apnea] to the Board against the school it was necessary that the appeal, unless it was made by the managers of an existing school or by the local Education Authority, should be signed by not less than ten ratepayers. Mr. Jeans said they should follow the technical course laid down by the Act and petition the Board of Educa- tion. He moved that the petition he had read be signed and forwarded to the Board. _ .

Mr. Birch seconded and said the Sankey school pro- vided accommodation for 100 more children than the township at present sent to school. It would be a great hardship on Sankey,after providing a school of its own, to be saddled with any additional outlay. The motion was unanimously carried and it was also decided to forward a copy of the petition to the County Council. Many of the ratepayers present signed the petition. It was further agreed that the Parish Council together with Messrs. Jeans, Kilshaw, Cook, Dixon, Tongs, and Unsworth, should form a committee with power to incur any expense which might be necessary in dealing further with the matter. THE "MOTOR NUISANCE." DRASTIC MEASURES NEEDED. Mr. Tongs coruplained of the disturbance caused by traction engines passing along the highway during the night. . The Chairman remarked that the motor business was a nuisance from beginning to end to farmers, house- holders, landlords and everybody else ; and something must be done to put it down. The question tas being seriously taken up by different councils in the country, and he believed some drastic measures would be taken.

Mr. Tonge said it was not so much' of m-o-to-rs- that he complained as a heavy traction engines which passed in the night and prevented one from getting rest. The Chairman : I don't know of anything that appeals to everybody like the rooter nuisance. We are all more or less affected by it. I say something must be done and will be done before long- to put down the nuisance.

SANKEY TiBOOK. WHO IS TO BLAME FOR THE NUISANCE?

The Chairman said it would be remembered that some time ago Messrs. Furness and Jefferson were deputed by the Parish Council to inquire into the matter of Sankey Brook pollution and they presented a long and very valuable report. He thought the ratepayers would bear him out when he said that there was a great improvement in the condition of the brook for some time but at present the brook was becoming a very great nuisance. He thought the ratepayers of Sankey had a perfect right to take up the matter and try to find' out who was responsible for the nuisance. He had an idea himself and he thought if they appointed another deputation to go into the matter and take the pains that Messrs. Jefferson and Furness did, it would be a very good thing. There was a remedy for the nuisance And there was no doubt that if it could only be found out who polluted the brook they could be punished. In moving a vote of thanks to the- Chairinan, Mr. Furness said the Sankey Brook question came up as a hardy annual. He thought the local authority was much to blame for the objectionable fumes. When the Parish Council approached tho District Council, that authority at once authorized the Surveyor to make pro- vision for dealing with the offensive matter which they a District Council turned into the brook. He thought as a member of the District Council, the Chairman should keep " pegging " at that body and insist off them cleansing their own output. The District Council could do nothing until they stopped their own objectionable matter being turned into the brook. Continuing, Mr. Furness said Mr. Thompson had done all he possibly could, and he had been well backed up by the Parish Council and ratepayers, in trying to combat the effort which the County Council were making to foist on the parish part of the responsibility for the cost of the Penketh school. He ventured to prophesy that the action they had taken was of such a character that it was a foregone conclusion that Sankey would not be drawn into the arrangement. Mr. Tonge seconded and the vote was heartily accorded. M 4. THOMPSON TO RETIRE. The Chairman said he had been amongst them nearly eighteen years and he had always tried to do what he could for the benefit of Great Sankey. Possibly that would be the last meeting of ratepayers he should have the pleasure of addressing. It was his intention to retire from the position of District Councillor and Guardian. When they elected him to the offices he made up his mind that he would attend to the duties and do all he possibly could for the ratepayers. That he had done. In the future, however, he we's afraid he could not spare the time, even if his health would permit, to attend to the work properly and therefore he thought it only right to give them due notice that when his term of office expired in March he would not offer himself for re-election.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CYCLE PARADE.

The Proceeds.

The street collection amounted to £173 15s. 3d. as ; compared with £233 10s. 61d. collected at the last parade. This sum was made up as follows : - Hand ; boxes, 108 6s. 51d.; stand boxes, .S 1 Os. 10d. ; hand bags, £34 14s. 7}d; pole bags, £25 2s. 81d. ; street organ, £1 10s. 4d.; sundries £l2 us. 31d. In addition there were window collections totalling ; £1 2s.' contributed as follows : -Mrs. Chester,Bridge street, 14s. Gd. ; Messrs. Smith and Walker, Market- Gate, ss. 6d. ; Mr. Thomas Watson, Warrington Rubber and Belting Co., Mersey-street, 2s. Hotel box collections realized £lO 16s. Old. and sundry small boxes, ,£9 10s. 21d. The brick competition has been very successful, the proceeds amounting to .:£77. The total receipts of the parade returned up-to-date there- fore come to £2Bl 4s. 3d. The amounts still out- standing include collecting books, watch competition and the Warrington Motor Carriage Company's bicycle competition. .t ADDITIONAL PRIZE WINNERS. The following additional awards have been made :- LARGEST Box COLLECTION (ladies).-lst (10s. 6d.), Miss Kitty Drury, 22, Elaine-street, amount collected, £2 ; 2nd (Is. 6c1.), Aliss Mille Perdue, 67, Legh-street, £1 10s. 113,1 d. ; 3rd (55.), Miss Ellen Derbyshire, 10, Samuel-street, £1 9s. 6d. I LARGEST BAG COLLECTION (gentlemen).-Prize of 55., S. E.'Essenhigh, 41, Church-street (£1 9s. 2d). PIERROT COLLF.CTORS' PRIZES.-(L"or two prizes of 12s. 6d. presented by Messrs. Eustance raid Co.), Miss Amy Grounds and Mr. J. Stanley. LARGEST HOTEL Box COLLECTION (gold bangle pre- sented by Mr. E. Pickavance •.-Miss Lee, Lion Hoter (£7 18s.) WINNER. OF BRICK COMPETITION.-(Bicycle presented by Mr. W. H. Bellian and Mr. S. H. Antrobus), Mr. J. Bodle, 22, Orchard-street, Stockton Heath. ' Prize (10s.) for Largest Number of Tickets sold in Br:ck Cornpetition.-Aiss Amelia 3lcGeachin, 21, Thynne-treet, who disposed of 1,554 tickets. ; It is interesting to note that the total number of , tickets sold in the brick competition was 19,300.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
ISSUES GREAT AND CURIOUS.

Salt Union and Brunner Mond in a Big Law Suit.

Considerable interest is taken throughout the Cheshire salt region by reason of the action commenced this i week n the King's Bench Division between the Salt Union, Ltd., and Messrs. Brunner, Mond and Co., the famous chemical manufacturers.l A host of wiinesses, including many scientists and geologists, have been summoned on both sides, and there has been quite an exodus from the district of persons subpsenaed to give evidence. The issues involved are great and curious. The Salt Union claim that the-, have sustained a loss of £38,800 through subsidence, &c., caused by Messrs. Brunner. Mond and Co., pumping brine from plaintiff's mine. Messrs. Brunner, Aloud, and Co. own a mine (formerly in the Thompson family) adj tcent to the Salt Union mine, and the defendants, while denying the cause of action, allege that they are entitled to pump all the brine they can obtain in their own mine. They also plead the Statute of Limitations. For all subsidence caused by brine pumping within , the Northwich district compensation is paid by a levy upon the pumpers. Threepence per thousand gallons is the maximum tax allowed under the Act. '

Domestic salt and nearly all chemicals are made from raw brine, and previous decisions have been on the lines of the law as to underground water. Consequently the great action between the biggest representatives of salt on the one hand and chemicals on the other is regarded 2S a vital importance.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON.

WEEK a:DING 21ST.JLTLY.., 1906.

, Total. Male. Female. TotaL Births Legitimate 53 26 27 51 „ Illegitimate —.— 1 Deaths

_ 4 23

Excess of births over deaths, 41. The ages of mortality were :-1-5, 1 ; 5-15, 1 ; 25-65, 7 ; 65 and upwards, 3. Total, 12. The deaths included :-2 from erysipelas, 2 from phthisis, 1 from other tubercular diseases, 1 from cancer, 2 from lung diseases, 1 from heart disease, 3 from all other causes.

The following cases of infoctions disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever 1 ; tuber- onions phithsis, 4 ; chicken pox, 3 Number of patients in hospital :—Scarlet fever, Borough, 4 ; Newton, 5; total, 9. Enteric fever, Borough, 2. Weather return, mean temperature, 59Fah., and there- fore 4deg. higher than the preceeding week. Maximum temperature, 74]Fah. on the 21st inst. Minimum tempera- ture,"49Fah. on the 20th inst. Rainfall •62 inch. GeneraHirection of wind W.N.W. .1. G. GORNALL, Medical °Ricer of Health.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
DROWNING FATALITY AT LATCHBRD.

Wail,

===== 0002601_19060728_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Child Falls into the Bridgewater Canal.

Another sad drowning fatality occurred at Latchford on Thursday afternoon. At about 2.45 a girl named Margaret Stirrup, aged seven years, d iughtcr of Charles Stirrup, painter, 400, KnutsfOrd-road, was playing on the bank of the Bridgewater Canal along with two companions when she fell into the water. Before help was forthcoming she was drowned. Later the body was recovered by Tram Driver Warburton.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
Services for Sunday.

Bold-street Wesleyan Church, preachers: 10.30 Mr. P. Wright ; 6.30, Rev. W.Mellor. Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church, preachers : 10.30 Rev. A. C. Parker ;6.30 Rev. S. Pitt.

—....... . - Latchford Baptist Church, preacher, 10.20 and 6.0 Rev. J. F. Matthews ; subjects, morning " Quality in Bible Study," evening " The genesis of forgiveness." Golborne-street Riotist Church, preacher, 10.30 and 6.30 Rev. U. Black (Widnes). The services in connection with Wycliffe Congrega- tional Church will be held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, until further notice, as the church is closed for re-decoration. The preacher on Sunday will be the Rev. J. Yonge. An open meeting in connection with the Wycliffe P.S.A. will he held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-st. on Sunday afternoon. The chair will be taken by Councillor Burton, and an address will be delivered by Mr. T. Harrison, the con- verted carter, of Oldham. Solos will be given by Mr. J. NV. Willett.

MOTORIST ATTACK.ED BY BEES. Mr. Chandos Elletson, of Porrox Hall, Knott End, was motoring towards Lancaster on WeduesdAy after- noon. when the car ran into a swarm of bees. The chauffeur, being stung, took his hands from the steering wheel in order to knock the bees from his face, the result being that the car swerved upon the footpath and collided with a lamp post. The car was damaged, but the occupants escaped injury.

Mr Halliwell, cashier of the Chadderton Spinning Company, Oldham, was leaving a local bank on Thurs- day morning with £4OO in cash in a handbag, when he was attacked with an iron bar, and robbed of his bag. The a,sailaut escaped. J. Wolin has returned to Dover in readiness for his next attempt to swim the Channel, which will probably take place on Monday. It appears that the trouble which developed during his last swim was not a strain, but sciatica.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

PRINTING.

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

IN ALL ITS BR ASCHEt:. DANCES; CONCERTS.

BAZaARS.

85 HETINCIS.

SPORTS.

SERVICES.

TEA PARTIES, ANNOUNCEMENTS. Attention Is invited to our NtsW FOUNTS op Typn and WOOD LETTER for Large Posters. FOR ALL RINDS OF NEAT PORTERS EXTRA LARGE SIZE.

40 x 60 One Sheet.

JOHN WALKER & CO. EXAMINER". OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

IT, ELEPIi ONE No. 355 Y•

-

,

1 !,

. "

===== 0002601_19060728_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T DELAY IF YOU FEEL "OUT OF SORTS." Or if you have a friend whose constitution has been weakened, whether by overwork of brain or body, by exposure to the weather, by working long hours in ill-ventilated rooms, by recent sickness, or by any cause tending to weaken the bodily powers ; in a word, if he is one who suffers from any form of complaint which I may be the result of any of the above or similar causes; if, for instance, you can see that he is troubled with Indigestion, the bane of our Country and of modern civilization; or, if you think he has Low Spirits, that sure sign of some Nervous Disorder, bringing in its train a host of other complaints such as Melancholy, Lassitude etc., or, perhaps, Neuralgia, and frequently, Sleeplessness, which of itself is sufficient to weaken the trongest constitution, and to make life a burden; or, if being free from these, he is regarded by his friends or himself as being of a delicate constitution, subject to Bronchitis, Coughs, Colds, a tendency to Consumption, or other Chest Affections, and if he, like thousands of others, failed to get relief from other remedies,tell him he need not be disheartened, that there is one Remedy whose virtues are so great, that it has succeeded where othels have failed, and that there is hope he may be cured,as thousands of others have been cured before him by making a sensible and timely use of Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. If your friend then gives it a fair trial, he will be fully convinced, as others have been, that this is the Best Remedy of The Age. You or your friend may ask "What is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters ?" It is a Preparation now extensively taken throughout the country by patients suffering from Debility, Nerousness, and General Exhaustion, and if any value be attached to human testimony, the efficacy of this medicine has been suc- cessfully established. Its claims have been tested and proved by the medical profession and others, and corro- borated by the written testimonials of eminent men. - Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters contain not only as suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose, but the active principles of the following well-known herbs— Stirsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Lavender, Burdock, and Dandelion. The use of Quinine is well kown hut it has never been satisfactorily combined with these preparations, until after overcoming considerable difficulties, the proprietor was able to secure a perfectly uniform preparation, combining all the essential proper ties of the above plants in their greatest purity and concentration. It is now estab- lished as a family medicine,and is increasing in popular favour the more it is known and tested. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a tonic " Pick-me-up " scientifically mixed in happy proportions. Sold everywhere in bottles, 2s. 9d. and Is. 6d. each. Should any difficulty be experienced in procuring Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it will be forwarded carriage free for the above prices by the Sole Pro- prietors : The Quinine Bitters Manufactuting Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. We particularly caution our readers against imitators, and impress upon them the importance of always seeing that the name " Gwilym Evans "is on the Label, Stamp, and Bottle, without which none is genuine.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

8,-. 'qro, • ' 3T4 • , ::•\•• I - A w

APPLY TO DEALERS FOR

(~=_ ;:•-•-.."--;-• r----;--7:4,-7-:-;;-,..-g;,--.,-Ti. -:i. DE14.94.11, ---4.7..--',---,';‘,7,--= • - ~---- DRIVERS CATALOGUE

===== 0002601_19060728_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
WEST LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

FIRST DIVISION.

• RESIT-1.-T9—TO SATURDAY. Pld. Won Lost Dn. Pts. 'W'arrington Earlestown 2 1 . 15 .Newton-le-Willows Prescot Stanley St. Helens Recs St. Helens

WARRINGTON V. EARLESTOWN (CRESS WELL'S BENEFIT).—PIoyed at Arpley on Saturday. Score : WARRINGTON. EARLESTOWN. E. A. Connor c and b T. Marsh c Dookworth Warburton W.V. Turton lbw b Bates 2 J. Crawley b Connor 26 W. H. Podmore c Bates b W.H.Crowther run out 15 Wolfe l3 H. Barr c Wright b T. Wright bG. Marsh 34 Podmore J. Callon c T. Marsh b G. G. Marsh c H.Callon b Marsh Cresswell b Alderson ... 21 J. H. Alderson b H W.Richardson St Leigh b Callon Bates J. Thompson not out 7 G.B. Leigh b Podmore 4 J. W. Bibby cG. Marsh A. Wolfe b Cresswell... 1 b Bates H. Callon lbw b Bates A. Duckworth b Bates Extras

===== 0002601_19060728_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Extras

_ Total 116

Total 143 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. EAR L ESTOWN. O.M. R. W. O. X. R. W. Bates 174 3 43 5 E. A. Connor 155 3 53 3 Alderson Warburton ... 4 1 9 1 H. Callon 93 18 1 Wolfe G. Marsh ll 3 23 2 PRESCOT v. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.—At Prescot on Saturday. Score : NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. PRESCOT. T. Cooke b Sharp ... 0 J. Evans c Heppel b D.Cordingley b Stockley 0 Howarth S. Henderson h Stockley 8 H. Stott b Cooke 0 T R Howarth c .54 bSharp 21 W. E Bixter b Gleay ,51 W. 'lance not out J. Pendry c Seddon b b Cooke Sha re 8 Sharp c Pendry b T. Whitfield b Stockley 0 Howarth H. Towers 1) Sharp 4 D. Prescott c Ileppel b S. Heppal h Sharp 4 11718mEe 42 A. Glee ve b Stockley ... G J. M. Swift b Howarth 1 Y. Bottornley b Sharp... 5 P. P. Mercer b Cleave 4 T. Seddon b Gleave W. L. Holden c Cooke b Rylance 37 J. Stockley not out Extras 6

Extrns .

Total 228

Total 65

SECOND DIVISION. RESULTS TO SATURDAY. Pld. Won. Lost. Dn. Pts. Warrington Prescot Stanley Earlestown Newton St. Helens Recs. ...... 9 ... 1 ... 6 ... 2 ... 4 St. Helens

WARRINGTON V. EA RLESTOWN (SECOND ELEVENS).— Played at Earlestown on Saturday. Scores : EARLESTOWN. WARRINGTON. F. J. Resde b Bennett... 9 A. Thewlis c F. Clare F. F. Clare h Bennett ... 21 bA. Harrison R. Allan c and b Bennett 9 R. G. Pierpoint c A. Harrison c E. Pier- Bro.ter b W Harrison 8 point b Thewlis l7 T. Houghton c Reade T. Barr c R. G.Pierpoint, b NV. Harrison b Bennett l6 R. H. Carson lbw b J. W. Burrell b E Allan t ••• 38 Pierpoint l5 H. Dolan c Pendry b J. Broster run out J. Pendry b Thewlis 1 B. E. Woods c Clare b D. Edgar b Bennett 4 Allan G. Greenall not out 3 E. Pierpoint b H. W. Harrison b Bennett 1 Harrison S. Baxter not out D. Plinston c Barr b Allen H. Turner h Harrison 6 W. Bennett did not bat. Extras Total

123 Total (for 0 wkt5)...145

===== 0002601_19060728_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
usTARD WITH, ' A RATIT

j'Yature provides the .7ruit `ird" supplies the Custard

Eser" "Cry them togettler. AD'S CUSTARD is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned, 'r Bottled Fruits. It enhances ' imparts to

' / ~,,,;•. , -47,_ i er 2? - - -•-r-c-- •a , • ~. , ii. ....A.:. . _ e n.,:__- -.,,, a v...e•- --",:r-,....„ , _....... ..,...:=2.-- A „„...re,is *A •=4.' ,'" '' 4- ...."".--c"--""- .I.' i 1 : --......- , ~ • , i _,,,,,,,,,,....-Ati -- , c 4^..„ t..,-,- '''' F ... ' ITe-' t. ,„ -...• -3. . ;lie` V.:4 14ter rEA ..;',.tr-4° i'.. - xf. Wee e•• 4 - 4 ..1, .••• /A. -- 7) 1p „J.., •V , „,e, ~..-,..1- , Nt.., VW 4 46, '• 40' II ' ,\AI P 't IS , „......„--1 „...\ \s.d „,„,„..0 i . , l pAs, t i Seasonable Dclicacies! At . JULY. , • DIFY6I FCIFI THE MaNTH, • • . Q'ewed Cherries & custard. • S,oweti fia_oberrtes & Custard. Stswed Pen .T.'urents &custard • Sliced Bananas & Custard. . '....•• ••.V, otewed Prunes & Custard. BIRL ,tewed Apricots tia Odatard. mea 76.7,-------- v.e----ip - k,' ' ' 1 or Bo 44111 w 11111 i . s-ro. v.4*......4"*...,', • thein a grateful mellowness. .... .- VEIMIEZEIMEIZIMMOSEr o , i I

===== 0002601_19060728_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
6-CC

Total ll

Total

MILLING AND CO. EMPLOYES V. ARLEY.—Played at Arley. Score : MILLING'S. ALLEY. , Pickersgill c Hughes b J. V.Smith b Whitfield 18 Toogood P. Gilks c Hughes b Pickersgill Toogood J. Sproson bJ. V. Smith 17 H. Smith c Cooper b , Whitfield c and b 11, Pickersgill 1 Smith ; Hackney b J.V. Smith... 0 J. Hughes b Pickersgill 0 'Davies bJ. V. Smith . 0 H. Hart b Pickersgill 1 [Barrand not out l5 J. Coppock not out ... 13 , Cooper run out I Gawne bH. Smith 2 R. Smith b Pickersgill 1 1 Peers. c Hughes b H , ..,

- Smith - 0 W. Shaw b H. Smith S Extras

TotAl 62

Total 45

ST. JAMES'S, LATCHFORD v. " GUARDIAN " OFFICE. —,Played at Arpley on Saturday. Score "GUARDIAN" OFFICE. ST. JAMES'S. C. Burrell b Holt 0 C. Holt b Burrell H. Sankey run out 0 F. Tole b Burrell C. Woodhead b Holt ... 0 Bev. D. R. Davies b W. Fell b Holt J. Woodhead c Hackney P. Knight b C. Wood- b Davies W. Kimberley b Davies 0 C. Hackney bC. Wood- W. Haddock b Davies... 4 head C. Jones c Tole b Davies 4 W. H. Minards not out 13 W. Nrassey b Holt 0 J. Grounds b c Wood E. Mills not out J. Newton c Knight b E. J. Mee c Sankey b Davies F. Heesom c Newton b C. Woodhead W. Wright c Burrell b C. Woodward J. Wright b C. Wood- head Extras

Extras

Total ... ...... 21

Total

LYMM V. Seve Moon..—At Lymm on Saturday. Score : •

1 ••••7 • LYM M. SALa MOOR. Dr. B. Trantham c Yates J. Hooron b 8r0w.... 26 , b Blankley 'H. Seville li Yates W. Pollitt lbw b Cording- A. Lester c Pollitt b ley S. Pollitt c Sharpley b H. Bamford h Hewitt 0 : Cordingley F. Champ c Winstanley b Hewitt 1 Blankley :T. Bate not out IJ. Gibben b Xates lO J. Flannery not out ... 6 W. Rigg c Sharpley b H Howarth not out... 1 1 Yates 0 E. Hewitt b Lester

, W. Raper b Yates 7 C. Brown b Yates 3 Extras

Total 137 Total (for seven wkts)ls4

PENKETII FRIENDS' SCHOOL V. OLD BOYS.—Played on the school ground on Saturday. Score : FRIENDS' SCHOOL. OLD BOYS. J. W. Proud c Nield b G. Howard c Pollard Houghton 23 (ii) b Nield J. Maudsley b Houghton 0 R. Houghton run out 2 W. Thorpe run out 4 W. Lowe b Brown 2 Escolme c and h Howard 14 E. Warburton c Kean b N. Nield c Nash b Brown Howard 0 J. W. Darbyshire c W. E. Brown c Howmacl b Nield b Proud l6 Nield l6 F. Davey b Brown 0 Pollard (i) h Nield Wood c Coe b Howard 0 C. Barber c Pollard (ii) Pollard (ii) c Coe b b Brow:: 1 Howard Kean b Howard 3 Escolme 7 Leaver not out 1 H. Nash c Escolme b Nield A. Coe not out 2 " Extras , .

Extras

Total SS

Total

ST. HELENS 7. ST. HELEN'S RECREV-PION.—ReSUIt.I St. Helens, 135 ; St. Helens Recreation, 75. NEWTON' V. PRESCOT (2SD ELEVENS).—This match was played at Newton on Saturday, but during the progress of the game the Newton team retired owing to the unsatisfactory decisions of one of the umpires. The points of this match are not included in the above table.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKS COMPETITION.

THIRD ROUND. . FLETCHER RUSSELL'S V. MONKS, H ALL. —Played at Arpley on Tuesday evening. Score:— MONKS HALL. FLETCHER nussmr S.Baiter bJames Burrows 21 G. Woodcock run out 24 F. Taylor b Ratcliffe ... 13 S. Mason not out l9 A. Higbley b Ratcliffe... 0 J. R4irrows c Baxter b G. Cox b Ratcliffe 2 Pritchard l3 R. V.Wbeeler b Ratcliffe 0 W. Carter c Wheeler 13! C. Llewellyn not out l2 Higbley B. Taylor o Thompson b G. Ford not out 7 Ratcliffe G. Shaw run out 0 Extras

Extras

Tot9l 57

Total 76

===== 0002601_19060728_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Sstu..rclay, July 28, 1906. T 7fds HE PEPITY

Indigestion, Severe Pains, Loss of Sleep Cared by Mother Seigel's Syrop.

Children's Summer Camp. I On Monday morning the first detachment of War- 1 rington poor girls, to the number of 127 left Warring- ' A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was ton for the summer camp at Prestatyn. The children To neglect the early symptoms of indigestion is held at the'Workhouse on Wednesday under the presi- • Journeyed by the 10.23 a.m. train from Bank Quay dangerous in the highest degree. Failing appetite, dency of Mr. .1. Billinge, There were also present : I Station, being accompanied by Mr.- Lee. They will furred tongue, or a general out-of-sorts feeling 'is Miss Broadbent, Messrs. W. Hickman (vice-chairman), Ireturn on Monday, when their places will be taken by Nature's warning that your digestive system has been A. J. Jolley, R. Forshaw, S. Davies, A. Brooks, G. other girls. Then the boys will have a turn for a overtaxed, and assistance must be given. Take Mother Mather, Mr. W. Seton, W. Flannagaa, S. Sutton Ifortnight and altogether several hundred children will Seigel's Syrup at once and all will be well ; neglect (assistant clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), and A. Wright . have an opportunity of enjoying themselves for a week the warning and 1 months, perhaps years, of suffering may (superintendent of Padgate schools). at the seaside. follow. The penalty of not heeding early warnings le i EMIGRATING A FAMILY. ' shown in a letter from qr. P. J. Ration, or le, Ophir ; At a meeting of the Home Committee a communica- Warrington Deserter Captured. Terrace, Ann's Hill, Gosport, Hants. Writing on tion was read from the Salvation Army Emigration On Tuesday, at St. Helens Police Court, Michtel December 70, 1905. / Bureau, respecting the emigration of McDermott and M`Cormick pleaded guilty to being a deserter from the 1 HE TELLS HIS STORY. family, and it was resolved to recommend to the Board they seek the sanction of the Local Government South Lancashire Regiment stationed at Warrington. I "The first warning I had that anything was wrong I that trd to that step being taken upon the terms con- Inspector Jackson stated that he went to the man's wasa bad taste in my mouth in the morning and a thickly . . d•p ' * tame iu the communication, and the Master was house and asked him if he was a deserter. fie said coated tongue. By and by I.began to have pains at the directed to deal with the min dt '1 tor eei s necessary o he received his discharge some time ago, but this did stoselviawchorsaefter food, and wind. As time passed this complete the arrangements. till the pain seemed to fill my whole body. not prove to be the truth. The magistrates remanded Mr. FORSHAW moved the confirmation of the minutes grew it was in my stomach, sometimes my chest, the prisoner to await an escort. The magistrates and again round my side. Next my heart became and said the Guardians would watch the experiment with interest. They had other people in the house who , allowed Inspector Jackson a reward of £l, the Chief affected, and would palpitate violently if I exerted might HICKMAN be emigrated. will with advantage. . Mr. lICKMAN : What wi be the cost in this case? Constable remarking that he had displayed some myself. I starved myself for fear of the pain, and ' became so weak in consequence that I could hardly get sntelligence in securing this arrest. Mr. Baeoas: £24 for the family. I • ; through my day's work : but the pain tormented me : LAWN Trans, CROQUET and other outdoor all the same. Mr. MATHER £2O of that is repayable. sports.—J. S. GARLAND, 51,Bridge-st.—Advt. I " After trying one thing and another I turned at last Mr. HICKMAN in seconding the adoption of the _ minutes said he did not think the Board ought to hold Lymm Motorist Knocks a Boy Down. ito Mother Seigel's Syrup,and have reason to be thank full did. I only took three bottles altogether; that out the hope to the public that they were going to open A serious motor car accident occurred at Broad- isompletely cured me. I am now as well as ever in my an emigration agency or they would have a rush of all heath on Tuesday, as a result of which a boy named life and the credit for this is due entirely to Mother the worthless fellows and their families in order that Harry Leslie Timms, of Albion Housr, Manchester- Seigel's Syrup." they might be sent abroad. The Board could try this road, Altrincham, lies in Altrincham /ospital suffer- case as en experiment and, with regard to future action, H , ing from a fractured skull. The boy was riding on' ' Mother Seizers Syrup cures the worst they had better keep the secret to themselves. Mr. MATHER: Mr. John Burns has allocated the step of a 'bus running between Altrincham and cases of indigestio and "d commonly . when £200,000 for dealing with the unemployed problem and Broadheath, and as a motor car belonging vegetable medicine, acting on the i dto Mr. ! every has other means as ailed, It is a purely part of it is for emigration purposes. Smith, of Lyman Hall, Lyrnm, approached, Timms Mr. HICKMAN. But shall we get anything? f digestion, and an absolute cure for Mr. MATHER: I expect the authorities will send jumped to the read, running into the car. He was ; organs °,- . . COTES 'pa o them themselves. I knocked down undersplash board. The • the ecm was 1 dyspepsia. biliousness, wind, t* tin brought to a stop and \ conveyed the youth to the ' and anaemia, as well as ailments peculiar The minutes wereapproved. to womankind THE LUNACY WARDS. Government PADDED ROO INt Board REQUIRED.tra n s transmitted itt e d for the _ infirmary. Oddiellowship. , The 2,. 6d Bottle contains Three times as The Local consideration of the Guardians a report which that 1 The half-yearly meeting of the "Loyal Friendship" i much as the is x. size. department had reeeived from Dr. Sidney Coupland,one Lodge (108.7) of the National Independent Order of , —O-____ of the Commissioners in Lunacy, who had paid a recent Oddfellows was held on Monday at the Blue Lionlnn, ! rw . visit to the House, and asked to be furnished with the Market-place. N.G.W.G. Burgess presided over a BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES. Board's observations thereon. The House Committee bad resolved to consider the latter portion of tbe report good attendance. The balance sheet for the half-year at the committee meeting on Friday, July 27th. The I showed the lodge to be in a very prosperous condition, 1 --- repart stated : "I was favourably impressed by the the total worth at June. 30th, being £897 Is. Bd., a 1 TICKETLESS TRAVELLER. arrangements made for the care of the patients, whose gain of £4l 12s. Bd. during the half-year. There had 1 ; At the Warrington Police Court on Monday, James Personal condition was highly satisfactory. The wards toen ten members initiated during_ the half-year, seven ; Jordan, Black Swan, Scholes, Wigan, pleaded guilty to and dormitories are maintained in very good order,very lapsed, leaving a gain of three. 'the total number of , travelling on the London and North-Western Railway clean, well ventilated and much re-painting and names on the books was 32. The retiring G.M., J. E. from Wigan to Warrington without a ticket, and with re-decoration has been done in them, and is still in Green, was thanked for his services, and it was decided It being visiting day. I was pleased to find , intent to avoid payment.—Mr. Fenna, who prosecuted, progress. . g . .. , . . . stated that at 9 p.m. on July 12th defendant went to that not a few were being visited by their relatives. to present him with a Past Grand Certificate. 1 Wigan station along with his wife who held a ticket The grounds of the building are open and fairly exten- _ - ,to Greenore. The Wigan station was a "closed " one, eive, so that the inmates get some healthful exercise . and one must either have a platform ticket or a railway therein, besides being taken out for walks. I could not 1 ticket. Defendant said he as only going to see his help noticing the absence of any padded room to which [wife off and would be back directly. He, however,went attention has been drawn by previous visiting Commis- by train to Werrington without a ticket. The ticket sioners. This is a deficiency which in this otherwise . cellectors kept a look-out for the defendant, who well-equipped and well-managed institution ought to be 1 returned about 11 p.m. Defendant presented a single remedied and I earnestly hope the Guardians will con- ticket from Warrington. He made no statement, and sider the Question of providing at least one such room. the collector followed him. Defendant then admitted Mr. Foashaw said he considered the report a very ;he did not take a ticket for the journey to Warrington. good one. The matter of the padded room had been 1 How defendant got a ticket at Warrington they were under consideration for some time and the House Corn- unable to say as that was also a "closed "station, the mittee would go into it again and see if they could booking, office being outside the barrier.—Mr. W. i. J. remedy the deficiency. i Jenkins, who appeared for Jordan, said defendant was This was agreed to. ;taken on to Warrington perfectly innocently. His wife THE COTTAGE HOMES. and children were going to Ireland, he got in to wish At a meeting of the Padgate Cottage Homes Com- -1 them good-bye, and the train moved on. He was taken mittee, applications for the post of assistant school- to Warrington againstl his will, but he (Mr. Jenkins) mistress were considered and it was agreed to ask the 'had advised 'him that nothing could justify his conduct following to appear before the committee :—Mrs. lin opposing the company and he had fallen in with that Povey, Mrs. Foster, Miss Bowyer and Miss Whittaker, Iview, lie wished to treat the company rightly.— of Warrington, and Miss King of Whines. Defendant was fined ss. and costs (15s. altogether). The minutes were approved. 1 1 YOUTHFUL HOUSEBREAKERS. REV: DR. MERCER'S RESIGNATION. The Local Government Board wrote intimating that ! At the Warrington Police 'Court, on Monday, three they hill received the resignation from the Board of 1 small boys, named Thomas Fay, 6,Prince-street ; Walter the Rev. Dr. Mercer, Guardian for St. John's Ward. 1 Tarbnrton, 11, New-road; and Arthur Heesom, 13, New. The vacancy was formally notified and it was decided I road ; were charged with bteakina into and entering that the election should take place within a month, Mr. the shop and dwelling house of William Henry Knight, Samuel Sutton being appointed to act as returning 4. New-road, between five and 6.15 o'clock on Saturday officer. afternoon anal stealing a lady's gold watch and about ba BRATDE'S RESIGNATION. - 3s. in cash.—Suprrintendent Monaghan stated that Mrs. A letter was read from the Local Government Board Knight left the house and shop about five o'clock on addressed to the clerk, stating that they had received a! Saturday afternoon, and On her retOrn she found the letter from Dr. Braide deciding to send in his resigna- back door open. She missed about 3s. from the till, eion as Medical Officer of the Union Workhouse on the and on examining a bedroom discovered that her gold terms of the Superannuation Act 1896, namely two watch, which was worth 38s. 6d., had also gone. She years' salary, emoluments, fees, &c. . reported the matter to the police. Two of the boys had The CHAIRMAN said he had also received a letter 1 been seen about the shop, and Detective Meacock from Dr. Braide. He was proceeding to read it when larrested the three priamers about midnight. Heesoan, NIL MATHER suggested that in fairness to everybody . who said he did not go into the shop, took the detdo- it would be better for the letter not to ha read. ! tire ca an ashpit in Fountain-street, where the watch Mr. FORSTIA.W : We have already had a notification ' was found to be hidden wider the spar of the roof. of Dr. Braide's resignation, and I think that is sufficient Fay and Heesorn were also charged with breaking and Mr. HICKMAN : I think the letter ought to be read, I lentering the shop of Edward Clough, 79, Knutsferd- but the Press might leave it out. road, and stealing ss. on Sunday week. Superintendent The ASSISTANT CLERK held that if the letter contained i Monaghan said that at the time Mr. Clough was on his Dr. Braide's resignation it was bound to be read. ;holidays, but his son-in-law,Richard Price,was in charge The CHAIRMAN then read the letter as follows :- lof the business. About seven o'clock Price locked up 5, Bold-street, Warrington, July 16th. As usual I have • the premises, leaving 7s. or Ss. in the mu. Returning to obtain the answers to my letters to the Guardians about nine o'clock he found that one of the windows at through the public Press. Since so much personal feel- I , the back of the house had been broken and that ss. had log has been developed in a purely business discussion, a , been taken from the till. When arrested on the previous I have decided to ask you to accept my resignation as / charge the boys were suspected of this robbery and both medical officer to the Warrington Workhouse on the 1 ' admitted it. The Bench ordered Tarburton to receive terms of the Superannuation Act, 1896, namely :I rfotegeitrokes of the birch-red, and Heesora and Fay six two years' salary, emoluments, fees, Ac.. My strokes, all of them to be detained at the Police Station letter of May 170, could not have been considered , luntil six o'clock. unreasonable liy any thinking person, for the Guardians! themselvc • offered and I a iepted an eanuity of £4O. ' 'I his in the Post Office annuity tables is equal to about £720 end my suggestion was that in addition to the two years' salary, (which is equal to about £350), I should have added to my outdoor district a sum of £4O per annum. If this had been done it would have taken nine and a half years to equalize the original amount offered namely £720. Again if the whole of the Guardians had ; lawn that for over thirteen years they have been receiving £lOO a year in respect of my salary as district enedioal officer from the County Council and paying me £BO of that sum. I fc al sure that they would not have decided that my letter of May 17th was "not worthy of their consideration." Yours truly, George Braide. Mr. For:ahem moved that the resignation be accepted and that the Local Government Board be asked to issue an order empowering the Guardians to appoint a resident meeical officer in accordance with resolutions already passed ; also that the House Committee should consider the matter end bring it before the Board for its final ricciqion. The ASSISTE.Nr CLERK said he advised that the House roiernitme ought to take the matter into con- sideration but he did no+. see how the Board could at that meeting' which was only en interim meeting, pass a resolution like Mr. Forshaw suggested. The Local Government Board required notice to be sent to each Guardian. Mr. UOLLEY se.!onded the motion, contending that it was perfectly justified, and what was suggested did not entail any executive action involvingaexpenditure. If it did, then notice would have to be given, but the main principles had already been accepted by the Board and what Mr. Forshaw proposed was of a formul character. It was not really necessary to pass a resolution accepting the resignation. With regard to the tone of Dr. Braide's somewhat unfor- tunate communication, he ventured to make the suggestion that the Guardians had nothing to blame themselves for in regard to the matter. Their share of the negotiations had been carried out with a single eye to the welfare of the sick poor of the institu- tion and any personalities which had been imported into the 'discussion bad not come from the side of the maioritv of the members of the House Committee or of the Board. That ought to be stated as plainly and frankly as possible. IWithout embarking on a discussion of the nature of the grants in aid which werepaid to , the Guardians in relief of local taxation, the suggestion , made by Dr. Braide that the Guardians were making a profit of £2O a year out of him through grants was altogether uncalled for and misleading. The grants in aid were not given for the remuneration of I relieving officers but for the relief of local ratepayers.' One did not want to be hard on Dr. Braide. Personally I he had tried to make ft as clear es possible that he had no animus whatever against the doctor; on the contrary he had tried to be friendly to him. Dr. Braide had I taken up an undignified position. Now at last he was retreating from it and by a little flourish of trumpets was , trying to make his retreat look as much like a triumphal I march as possible. It was a retreat, nevertheless. The AsB (STANT CLERK said that at the time anoca-, tions of grants were made under the Government ' echeme, Dr. Spinks was medical officer and he received £lOO a year. The grant remained unaltered. ' Mr. HICKMAN emphatically protested against the statement that there was any personal feeling against Dr. Braide in the matter. The committee spend hours and hours in discutaing it in order to arrive at a proper end fair basis upon which they could treat Dr. Braide. He was very sorry the doctor had hintea at any personal feeling in his letter. He (Mr. Hickman) was sure they were all sorry the doctor had met, with an accident. He thought that if there had been any personal feeling it had come from the doctor more than any member of the House Committee. ° Mr. DAVIES : I think the least said in this matter the soonest mended. Mr.FonsHAw's motion accepting the resignation and communicating with the Local Government Board for permission to fill the vacancy by thp appointment of it resident medical officer was carried.

PUBLIC BKSENIT.-UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt.

Militia Training.

The men of the— 3rd South Lancashire Regiment (Militia) to the number of 450 assembled at Orford Barracks on Monday morning, and early afternoon and journeyed to Fleetwood the same afternoon for their four weeks' annual training. When the men arrived at the Barracks each had the option of having either a quantity of bread and cheese and ale, or a hot meal and temperance drinks, over fifty per cent preferring the hot meal and temperance drinks. The battalion paraded at three o'clock, and proceeded to Bank Quay Station under the command of C)lonel Hall, D. 5.0., and headed by the band, and entrained at four oclock. At Fleetwood they will join the 150 recruits of the battalion who have been in camp mice July 9th.: Horse Sale at Walton Hall.

A sale of pedigree hackneys and ponies, including five stallions, the property of Sir Gilbert Greenall Bart., took place on Tuesday afternoon in the beauti- ful grounds surrounding Walton Hall. Prior to the sale, a large company were entertained to luncheon, Mr. Woodcock, of Grappenhall, catering. The cata- logue consisted of 57 animals, out of which only three horses failed to find purchasers. The total realized for the fifty-four was 3,019 guineas an average of £5B 14s. for each horse. The highest prices realized were : —TerringOn Glamour, Mr. Kerr, 72 guineas ; Terrington Josephus, Mr. Kerr, 100 guineas; Terring- ton Victory, Mr. Kerr, 120 guineas ; Tissington Hall- mark, Mr. ,Kerr, 110 guineas.; Tissington Context,Mr. H. Frank, York 90 guineas ; Tissington Kopje, Mr. Harrop, Oldham, 87 guineas ;Terrington Divinity, Mr. Smith, Birmingham, 100 gaineas ; Terrington Virago, Terrington Vera, Mr. F. S. Pearce, New York, 350 guineas ; Lord Drewton, 11. Mi. Besrnaerts, 90 guineas.

PUBLIC BKCEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEIT BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Local Athletic Successes. At the Salford Corporation gala on Monday night at the Blackfriars-road Baths, keen competition took place in a 50 yards ladies open amateur handi- cap, for which 29 entries were received. Miss D. Thompson, of Salford, with 26 sec. start, obtained first position, Miss If. Barlow, of Warrington (20see.), being second. Miss Barlow is the daughter of Pro- fessor Barlow, superintendent of the Baths, Leigh- street. Her performance is very smart, especially considering the fact that she is only 12 years of age, and under her father's tuition she should turn out to be a very successful swimmer.- -At the fourth annual Regatta and Swimming Gala of the Runcorn Boating Club, held on the Weaver Canal at Rocksavage, on Saturday, R. H. Alien, of Warrington, carried off the second prize in the 150 yards open race (time 21secs ) In the 75 yards race A. H. Fawcett, Stockton Heath, gained the third place. In the open race for the same distance the third prize went to T. S. Pemberton of Warrington. At the Salford Harriers' meeting at Belle Vile, on Saturday, W. Price, of Warrington, was third in the two miles walking race.

An Extraordinary Story. A Blackburn deserter named Joseph Arnold has had a remarkable experience. Late in 1904 be becamel a victim to the allurements of the South Lancashire Regiment stationed at Warrington, and he was " well and truly" attested at Damen in the name of Forrest. The recruiting officer saw the man on the train at the talon on his way to the regiment's beadqaarters. At Blackburn, however, " Forrest " deserted and almost immediately afterwards he again went to Darwen and, according to his story enlisted in the same regiment, and with the same authorities as before, this time in the name of " Thomas Hepe." Once more be deserted after a short period of service, STILL LEADING, the "HERALD" KITCHEN RANGES having, in .the meantime, parted with one set of and " PEVERIL " FIRE GRATES Sole Agent.—J. S. papers to a man "on the road." " Forrest " and GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-st., Warrington.—Advt. I Hope " were thus gazetted as two military deserters. Eventually Arnold was arrested, handed over to the Fatal Accident to a Former Warringtonian. i regiment iment fly the local magistrates, and 'sentenced to a Mr. C. Rothera, coroner, held an inquest at ter of imprisonment by caurt-martial, after wards Nottingham, touching the death of Mr. Arthur James being discharged from the regiment entirely. "Hope" Paton (brother-in-law to Colour-Sergeant J.T.Bennion), was still gazetted, however, who formerly carried on business in Warrington and been re-artested by the Blackburn police and he was Widnes. Mr. Paton, who was 40 years of age, was and the man had now W a well-known Nuneaton journalist, a meniber of the Hope r, brought before the Bench for having in the name of deserted the South Lancashire Regiment, " Tribune" staff, and lived at the Palace Gardens, Queen's-road, Nuneaton. It appears that deceased,wbo stationed at Warrington Barracks, on November 12th, 1904. The magistrates ordered him to be handed was cycling in Queen's-road passed another cyclist and turned him in a over to a military• escort, and the ultimate result of round, probably to pass a joke wi' way that is well known to all who knew him. A. { the affair is a matter of speculation. book was on the handle-bar of his machine, and while I Agib- he had his head turned his knee caught the book, i ST. HELENS VOLUNTEERS' AT KNOWSLEY. which, coining against the handl- -kar,twisted it round. The members of the 2nd V.B. South Lancashire and both rider and machine wr • over sideways, Mr • Regiment are busy making preparations for oamp,which Paton striking the ground heavily with his head, is to take place in August Bank Holiday week, which fracturet the b of the skull and sustaining a a e basethey will spend with the South Lancashire Brigade at laceration of the left side of the brain, from which he they had a field day in died on Monday.—A verdict of accidental death was Scarborough. On Saturday in of the Earl of Knowsley Park, by. h kind pfrmissir Derby, and went through a series of, movements. returned.—The funeral took place at Leicester when amongst those present in the cemetery were Mr. Blatchford, Mr. Atkinson, Birrninghain • Mr. Baker, Birmingham; Mr. Withers, Leicester; Mr. Gutteridge, Nottingham; Mr. Palmer, Bolton; Mr. G. Poole, Coventry; and many others. The Nuneaton friends • present were Mr. and Mrs. Manchester, Mrs. Weisse, Mr. H. Fieldhonse, Mr. Nugent, and Mr. M. Blythe. The chief mourners were the widow and children, and Mr. and Mrs. Bennion, Leicester; Miss Louie Bennion, Mr. F. C. Bennion, and Mr. T. Bennion, Warrington. There was a fine contribution of wreaths from the relatives and others. PREMIER CYCLES, 7, S, 10, 12 and 14 guineas Cash or 18 monthly payments. Sole agent, J. S. GARLAND, 51, 53 and 55, Bridge-st.—Advt. Hearts of Oak Benefit Society. The first half-yearly meeting of the Warrington Electoral Association of the Hearts of Oak Benefit Society, was held in St. Paul's Infants school on Mon- day evening. There was a fair attendance and in the absence of the President and Vice-President, Bro. Bailey was voted to the chair. —A communikation was received from the Warrington District Nursing Associ- ation asking the society for assistance. Bro. Binks said he thought it would be detrimental to do any- thing more at present than to send their sympathy to 4he Nursing Association. The society was a new one, and perhaps at some future date they would be able to send financial assistance. A proposal that the society should appoint a representative on the Board of Management of the Nursing Association,was left in the hands of the General Committae.--Bro. J. T. Rogers, of Widnes,atten led as delegate and gave a report on the opening of the Heart § of Oak new offices in London.— There are about 500 Hearts of Oak members in the Warrington district, and the Association has been formed in order to band them together. Up to the present about 80 have joined, and have appointed as chief officers Bros. T. Rigby, president ; R. Tanner, vice-president ; G. Jowett, treasurer ; and A. C. Binks, secretary. About a month ago it was resolved to form a Medical Aid Society in connection with the Association, and already 34 members have been enrolled.•

===== 0002601_19060728_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
INQUEST AT RUNCORN.

On Monday Mr. R. Dobson, coroner, held an inquest on the body of John White, aged fifty-four, master of the fishing smack Excel, who was drowned in the Mersey on Saturday. Deceased was reputed to be a good swimmer, and his nephew said he was subject to fits.— Thomas Green, Norfolk-street, who was on shore, said he saw deceased walk to the stern, throw up his arms, and fall backwards into the river, and be never rose to the service again.—An open verdict of "Found drowned'. was returned.

Mr DEAR ChrrLDREN, In the hat summer days / have no doubt all sny young readers long for some nice cooling and , refreshing drink. I wonder whether you have ever tasted the sparkling Herb Beer which is , made from Mason's Extract of Herbs. From , personal experience, I can assure you it is "ever so good," and, for both children and adults, is much more health-giving than many onemically-flavoured beverages which are so largely used at this season, and which are posi- tively harmful to young people. The other day I paid a visit to Messrs. Newball and Mason's splendid factory at, Nottingham, andl before I came away I purchased 100 sixpenny bottles of "Extract of Herbs," for the "Chil- dren's Corner." I am going to distribute them free of charge, and I will send one, post free, to the first 100 members of the Children's Corner League who send a postcard or letter ask- ing for same. Please don't enclose any stamps— just say you would like to have a bottle, and if you are among the first, 100 you will receive it well packed and post paid. The prize this week goes to Nellie Roberts; her tale, lam sure, is most interesting. I see you all like the idea of making toilet tidies for our next Competition. I, therefore, propose that all the girls shall make me one, and send it by the 27th of August. This will give you plenty of time. You can make these tidies just as you like, and any shape you please, and to the three prettiest I receive, I shall award very nice prizes. With all good wishes, from

UNCLE NED.

THE LITTLE BOY AND.THE STARS. You little twinkling stars that shine Above my head so high, If I had but a pair of wings, I'd join you in the sky. I am not happy lying here, With neither book nor toy, For I am sent to bed because I've been a naughty boy. If you will listen, little stars, I'll tell you all I did; I only said I would not do The thing that I was bid. I'm six years old this very day, And I can write and read; And not to have my own way yet IFS very hard indeed. I do not know how old you are, Or whether you can speak; But you may twinkle all night long, And play at hide and seek. If I were with you, little stens, How merrily we'd roll Across the skies, and through the clouds, And round about the Pole. The moon, that once was round and full, Is now a silver boat; We'd launch it off that silver cloud, And, then—how we should float. Does anybody say, "Be still," When you would dance or play? Does anybody hinder you When you would have your way?" Oh, tell /me, little stars, for much I 'wonder why you go The whole night long, from East to West, So patiently and slow. "We have a Father, little child, Who guides us on our way; We never question when He speaks, We listen, and obey." From your loving Niece, JINNI E CUMMINS.

through, the rook cloned again. Of.coi

ALTON

an

aey ran &Hite as quickly as they could, told their father all their adventures, and they got out. Some soldiers were got togetl and they all went to the cave, including J and Florrie, who showed them the way. ' smugglers were all taken prisoners, and no was troubled with them any more.

The

HARRY PAYS:

(Concluded.)

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am sending you a piece of poetry, which I hope you will like. It is my favourite piece. I was fourteen on the 13th Qf June. This piece is called PAPA'S LETTER,

I was sitting in the study, Writing letters, when I heard, "Please, dear mamma, auntie told 1110 Mamma mustn't be 'asturbed. But Fee tired of the kitty, Wants some uvver fing to do, Witin' letters, is 00, mamma, Tan't I wits a letter too?" "Not now, darling, mamma's busy; Run and play with kitty now." "No, no! mamma, me wits letters, Tan, if oo will show me how." But the eager face was clouded, As I slowly shook my head, Till I said, "I'll make a letter Of you, darling boy, instead." So I parted backtthe tresses! From his forehead, broad and white, And a stamp, in sport, I pasted 'Mid the waves of golden light; And I said, "Now, little letter,

Run away, and bear good news." ,And I smiled, as down the staircase Pattered loud the little shces, Leaving me, the darling hastened Down to auntie in his glee: "Mamma sent me for a letter; I'se a letter, auntie, see l" No one heard the little patter, As once more he climbed the stair, Reached hie little cap and tippet, Standing on the entry chair; No one heard the street door open, No one saw the golden hair As it floated o'er his shoulders, On the crisp October air. Down the street the baby hastened, Till he reached the office door:

"Fee a letter, Mr, Postman; Is dere room for any more? 'Tause iss letter doing to papa: Papa lives with God, oo know. Mamma sent me for s letter; Does oo fink that I tan go?" But the clerk, in wonder, answered,

• "Not to-day, my little man." " Tink I'll find a nuvver office, 'Tause I must go if I tan." Fain the clerk would have detained him, put the pleading face was gone, And the little feet were hurrying, By the busy crowd swept on. Suddenly the crowd was parted, People fled from left to right, As a pair of maddened homes Just that moment dashed in eight. "No one caw the baby figure, No one saw the golden hair, Till a voice of frightened sweetness Rang out on the autumn air. 'Twas too late; a moment only Stood that beauteous vision there— --4* Then the little form lay lifeless, Covered o'er with golden hair. Reverently they raised Iny darling; Brushed away the curls of gold, Saw the stamp upon his forehead, Growing now so icy cold. Not a mark the face disfigured, Showing where the hoof had trod; But the little life was ended— Papa's letter was with God. r From your loving Niece, NELLIE ROBERTI.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am writing you some poetry this week, entitled : TRY AGAIN.

'Tis a lesson you should heed, try, try, try,

again; If at first you don't succeed, try, try, try again., If you find your task is hard, try again; Time Will brineyour reward, try, try again. All that other folk can do Why, with patience, may not you? Ever keep this rule in view—TßY AGAIN. I am also sending you a story called:—

TRY._ / There was once a good little dwarf named Try, who was so powerful that he overcame everything that he attempted; and yet was eo small that people laughed when they were told of his wondrous doing,s, but the tiny man was F. 0 kind at heart, and loved so much to serve +hose who were less able than himself, that he would go and beg of those who knew him better, to plead for him, that he might be allowed to help them out of their troubles, and when once he had made them happy by his roble deeds, they no longer despised him, or drove him away with sneers, hut loved him as their best friend. Try acted on the maxim "Each for all," and when each seeks the good of all in a "Society," the happiness of each is *increased by the "Society." Yet, the only return this good dwarf sought for all his services was when they knew any who wanted a, helping hand, they would say a good word in his favour, and com- mend them to TRY.—From your loving nephew, Enikizsr HelmoLD, 1.5, Flood-street, Pudley. .

, dil ~0........, „ „..,..,....,,,, .., 1 ~iiiii,,, r .„... 7t. ..„,".: ~, _.„,e _,,_,Act.. Ad • - R" lii ,':''' '4 ' .:Ple ,r, ,(trip - 1Hr...,,w.,, .-, -:' ,::i;. .....,--;',2- ,4 1 . iii,, 't . ,'..iii..l La— .l. 0 C., - C..,.. ".'" .: ~., . '...- ...=.:..1P,:e...... '''' 0 .....: .......:.. . . 1., ::.r.,,.. .4-0-• › ,:.., . • . •,:.:„..,• ••...,. t 1 li.. ',%ii'tL'' 'f 7, -3:i':::::',1":.:411:;•::4':1!rit,..,...,_ -`"mift..ffs' 'r. s,',.'-"' '''''' !':'-'!';:!' -'. ' •':::....1. '''' '' . ; .:;:i;ii,':: ' '''.. 1%.`'.. : 4,11)T: . I::'''''' Uncle Ne in OA .. ._..i- . „...... .?:if..44-#44195,„,5e--- kliktio., 1...,..,.,:x., .4. Apr' 4s' 0 .. l ' i were q., : A11i:1.,,,, V-iiie,,f,'", the- r, 1.4,,, "'''‘\--,,,,,,,,, t 1 . , \.n.k • ~ ,',..„.,,,,..,,,;:', ft:it 416.411,.. -4.74 0 V 1/E. falCilly r

===== 0002601_19060728_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

WARRINGTON DURO OF GUARDIANS.

Rasignation of Dr. Braide.

THE ROBBERS' CAVE. (Continued from last week.)

The men entered the room and searched it, but did not discover the cowering children. There was a staircase at the end of the zoom, down which the men descended, leaving one at the top as sentry. They waited, listening, till it was very late, and' the men began to think of going to bed. In, a few/hours they did so, but did not got to sleep for some time, for they lay awake talking. The children heard all they said, though the men did nof know • it, or they would not have said what they did. Jack and Florrie listened intently. They heard the men falking about a secret panel, which was in a rock. The children determined to find the secret of the rocky wall after the men had gone to sleep. At length, by their heavy breathing, the children knew that they had fallen asleep. They then cautiously came out from their hiding-place, and ap- proached the rocky wall at the upper end cf the room, as they thought it would be the right one. They felt about a long time, hut without success. They were just about to give it up in despair, when Jack found a square piece of cod, painted just the colour of the rock, which fitted in so el]eactly that it would have taken someone with very good eyesight to have noticed it.4)With the help of Jack's penknife, he managed to prise it out. This done, they found a small button right at the back which they immediately pressed. This caused 'a great mass of rock to move slowly, until there was a liole big enough to allow a man to get through. They did not warate a moment in getting illat *ugh, I can *satire yes. As Soon as they

===== 0002601_19060728_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
HEADACHE

FAIRY I 1 BY CURE Attacking THE ' ACTS SEAT LIKE OF THE MAGIC PAIN. It cures when all else falls. Safe and sure. Perfectly harmless. .............m..

7d. & 1/- per box, Post Free 8 or 13 stamps from Fairy Medicine, Co., Norwich.

s •

, ./ . 011. faifiry4pctiv,,,A;, ." • • , % **JP h

===== 0002601_19060728_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TINE TABLE.

JULY. • FROM WARRINGTON TO Acton Bridge-7 14, 740, 8 10. :0 29 a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 18 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Sat ardays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 97 5, 825, a 9 58,10 18, hll 23, 11.12, 11 55, a.m. 2 12, 448, 6 28, 7 20, 8 45, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 6 0, p.m. Mondays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L and N.-W.Talbot-roadl-5 30, a 7 5, 8 35, 19 18, bll 20, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 2 42.4 45, 28,‘ 720,845 98, p.m. Sundays 843, 60 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. • Chester-7 34, 8 17, 95, 10 23, 11 30 a.m. 12 40, 12 55,1 40, 2 30, 3 19, 422. 5 6, 6 4. 7 54, 10 20, 11 35 . p.m. Sundays 844. 10 35 a.m. 7 45,11 35 p.m. Collins Green-7 5, 85. 8 25, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 5 15, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Dareshury-7 36, 9 sa.m. 12 30, 230,3 19, 5 6, 644, 744, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham 14411-7 36, 9 5 MIL 1230. 230, 319, ‘. 64, 744 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 7 5, 8 5. 8 25, 8 35. 9 25, 10 10, ' 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1225, 1 15. 2 45, 345, 3 50, 5 15, 637, 78, 740, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. , a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 45, 8 35, 843 a.m. • 5 10, 6 0, 7 57, 9 54 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penlieth-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47. 5 15, 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. , Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 80 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 95,10 23 10 30. a.m. 12 55 230, 3 19.4 22, 56. 64, 7 54,10 20. all 35 p.m. Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golhorne-5 30, 75, 8 35, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 115, 350, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 port. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. . Helshy-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 1230, 230, d 19, 56, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. :• 7.45 p.m. Trlam,Cadishead-7 0,7 50 88, 9 3 a.m. 22, 4 58, 710, 9 15. all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18. 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. • Latchford-6 15,7 17, 7 a:). 8 30, 8 59, 9 55. 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, aB3O, 923 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool (C.lO C.)-a4 40, 5 35, 7 5,82, 8 50, 9 20, 9 50, 10 30, 10 50, 11 50 am. 120. 1250. 1 10, 1 50, 27, 2 50, 3 13, 3 50, 3 56, 45, 410 4 50, 5 50, 5 57, 6 50, 7 5 7 50, 80, 8 50, 8 55, 9 40, clO 0, 10 35, blO 37, ,bll 10, 11 30, 11 39 ' p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only. c Saturdays excepted. Sundays 4 40. 5 35. 9 9.9 45, 9 55.11 20 a.m.l 40,2 20, 2 39, 4 49, 6 0,7 10,8 28,9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. ' Liverpool (L. & N.W )-a4 51, a 5 25, 75, .8 5, 8 23, 8 25, 0 25. 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 153, 245, 320. 345, 347, 515, 617. 78, 740, hBO 9 25, 1)100, 10 30, bl 1 30 p.m. 8 Mondays Only. b Saturdays only. Sundays, 4 51, 530 8 35, 0 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 5 10, 60.8 0. 954 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59. 9 55. 10 53 • a.m. 1233, 111. 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, *B3O, 923, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from " Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. ' Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, 75, 85, 825. 835, 019, 923, 1040, 1055, 1 •218115 2 34 245 331 428, 510 5o 53 Jo ff _ f 6 20, 6 33, 7 20, 86. 922, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2513, 456, 745 a.m. 5 15, 6 0, 7 57, 9 3 p.m. Manchester (C.L.C.)-a6 55, 7 0, 7 50, 8 8, 8 55, 93, 9 55, 10 55, 11 22. 11 55 R.M. 12 55, 1 55, 22, 2 55, 355, 455, 4uB, ~n. 6 55, 710, 755, 8 35, B'os, , 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. a Mondays and . Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 8 il5 9 37, 10 18, 11 32 a.m 30, 3 15, 4 56, 50, 7 18, 8 53, . 9 15,9 25, 930. 10 0 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 1020, a.m. 125, 110, 255, ; a 3 35 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. 7" a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 58, h 4 45,5 30, 7 5,8 5.835, % y 9 19,9 25,10 10. 10 40,10 55, 11 55. a.m. 12 18,12 25, , 1 15, 1 50. 245, 331, 3 50,4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 *in. Sundays 2 56, 7 46, 843, R.M. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 93, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Monolays only. " Padgrite-7 0, 7 50, 88, 8 35. 9 35, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 12 18. 1 410 25, 3 55, 4 58, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 35, 9 15, 10 10. 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 845, 10 18 a.m. 5 0,9 35 p. , Runcorn-7 30, 8 23,9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, • 320,347,515,017, 80,10 0 pm. Sankey-7 5, 82,95,10 0, 11 5 rt.m. 120, bl 0, al 8, 25, a 23, 4 10, 5 28, 628, 75, 80. 90, b 100, alO 37, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 22 A.M. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, . 3 20,3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.M. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.5-7.5, 8.25. 10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20, 3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, 7.40, 8.0. 9.25, 100, 10.30, nll 30, p.m. Sundays, . 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southnort C.L.C.-7.5. 835, a 9.36, 10.25, 11.2,..A.M.:1

1.27, 3.18, 4 10, 53, b 6.20, 6 30, 740, 80, 9.0, 10.35, 13.1 n• Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6, 9.7. p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55.10 53, - a.o'rn• 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515. 610. 725, 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley StAtion. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 5, 8 35, 9 58,% "A 10 55, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 115, 150, 3 50, 4 46, 515, '.,.._ 6 28, 7 20, 8 45, 9 8, i 3-35, 60, 954p.m. 10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. Widnes (0.L.C.)-7 5. 95, 10 0. 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, bl 8. 2 5, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 28, 7 5, 8 0, 9 0, ..-- alo 0, blO 37 p.m. a Saturdays only, b Saturdays excepted.

TO WARRINGTON FROM

, Acton Bridge-6 32,7 40, 8 54, 10 57 am. 12 19, 8249, 355, 4 41., 7 20, 8 28. Sundays 759 am. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. BlackpooßL. 3.: N.-W.)-7 55,8 25, 9 8.10 7,10 22 t L., a.m. 1.20, 2.5, 453, 530, 6 50, 8 25, b 9 10, 10 5 a.m. Sundays 6 45a m. 1 15, 4 55, 825 1015,p.m. 1 a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. l' Blackpool (L. St N.-W. Talbot liond)-7 8, 8 40, ii 9 50, 11 25, 11 40, a.m. 1 40,2 25,4 27, 5 20, 7 0, 8 45, 10 0,1050 p.m. Sunclayai 2 a.m. 1 37,5 8, 745 p.m. • Chester-2 25,14 20, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12. 10 40, . ,11 45 a.m. 20, 2 10, 30. 3 50, 5 18, 5 23, 6 30, 735, 8 10, 850 p.m. Sundays 2 25, 4 20, 630 a.m. 6 55, ) 835 p.m. b Mondays excepted. , Collins Green-6 40, 79, 845, 10 24, 11 23 a.m. ' 12 45, 2 10, 35,4 1. 5 38, 6 42, 7 47, 0,6, alo 43, 10 58 ' p.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Daresbury-8 11, 10 17, 11 18 a.m. 2 49, 62, 843 p.m. Sundays 723 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52. 1052 a.m. 2.22 . 5 35, 647, 822 p.m. Sundays 648 a.m. 79 p.m. Earlestown-7 2,7 13, 847, 85n. 9 15. 9 45, 10 26, 10 23, 11 23 a.m. 1238. 1 14. 2 13, 3 27, 5 10, 543 5 52, 6 35,7 83, 88, 9 10, 9 34, 100 33, 10 47, all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays Pnly. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 2 57, 10 3 a.m. 3 45,7 24, 102 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry 8111 Penketh-7 9, 8 53, 942, 10 45 L. 12 3. al2 57, 24. 3 27. 54, 62, 6 53. 9 14 p.m. ,Indays 822 a.m. 2 57.8 2 p.m. a Satuidays only. ft Yrodsho ra -7 54, 90, 101, 11 1, n.m. 231, 411, 659 8 31, p.m. Sunday 72, a.m. 724 p.m. I, 5 g01h4,,,ne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12.a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 431, ' , i 13' 9 21, 10 42, D.lll. Sundays 940 a.ni. 7 15 13 ,n, Helshy-7 46, 856, 9 57. 1057, a.m. 2 27, 47, 540, 6 54, 827, p.m. Sunda 6 51. a.ta• 7 18. p.m. Liam and C..dishead -6 19, 6 48, 7 35, 9 53, ft•Tn• I ',4 54.6 54, 853, 1120, p.m. Sundays 9 21, 110, . s•rn- 1 20,2 22.6 55, 8 50, 100 p.m. . Latchford-7 55. 8 40, 9 22, 102, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 15, 2 13. 30, 3 33, 4 26, b 5. 39. 6 7, 6 49, 7 39, 9 52,0 It 32 p.m. a Sata Mays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.I-5 10, afi 20. 720, 740 820, 830, 3 35, 8 43, 9 30, 9 33. 10 30; 11 5, 11 30, , 11 33 a.m. 12 30, 12 59. In. 130. 1 33, 1 50, 230, 240, 2 43. 45, 4 30, 4.13, 4 43, 3 :10, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35, 7 30, 7 35, 8 .1(1, 8 :13, 8 40, 9 30, MO 50, 11 0, . 11 35 p.m. a. MondaYs and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only Sundays. 750, 90, 10 55,11 15 a.m. 2 20, 2 20 p m. Liverpool (L. ,!.; N.-W.)-2 35,6 9, 6 10, 8 10,8 35, i 95, 0 30. 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 21, 1 15. 1 30, 2 43, 30, 3 35, 4 20„ 4 50. 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25. 830, 00, blO 5, t ~. 1045, 1,11 15 p.m. a Mondays only. h Saturdays only.Sandays 7 25,9 20 a.m.?, 10. 6 30,7 15,10 43 p.m. Lymm-7 48.8 32, D 14.9 51.11 :3 mrn. 1 11, al 37. ! 25. 250, 330, 418, b 5 31, 5 59, 611, 7 31, 9 13, .. 11 24 p.m. a Saturdays ()lily. b Saturdays excepted. % Sundays 8 15 a.m. 2 21, 7 15 p.m. . Manchester (Central)-6 0, 630, 7 30, 8 30. n 9 5, 980, 9.5.5, 10 5, 10 30, 10 35, II 30 a.m. 1230, 1250, ‘ 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 3 45, 4 30. 4 35, 5 30. bri 0. 6 30, 6 35. ' 7 10, 7 30, 8 30, '8 35, 920, 10 15, alo 50, 11 0 p.m. t a Saturdays only. b Saturdays oxcented. Sundays . 830,95. 9 25, 9 30,10 40 a.m. 1 40, 2 0,2 5, 5 40,6 35, 1 8 20, 0 40 p.m. Manchester (1,. and N.-W.)-7 5. 7 50, 9 25. 10 30, a.m. 12.20, 15,2 6, 2 35. 3 40, 50, 5 20, 65, 655, 95, 10 50,sp.m. Sundays 720. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. Moore,-6 56.9 6, 11 9 a.m. 12.52, s 3 1, 48, 4 55, • 733 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 453 pm, a Wednes- • days and Saturdays only. c Newton-le-Wlllows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9,10 22. 11 8 a.m. 1225, n 1 5. al 28, 1 44, 37, 4 48, 55, 5 33, 549, 6 27, 7 30, 85, 9 31, 10 3, 11 4, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 7 20, U7p m. a Saturdays only. Padua/n-6 20, G 58, 7 55, 8 29,9 0, 10 3 a.m. 120, 2 0, 5 59 6 18, 637. 7 5, 8 26. 9 6, 11 32 p.m. Sundays , 8 t 2, 11 16 a.m. 2 33,9 12, 10 14 p.m) ~ Runcorn-5 55. 834. 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 1221, 14, .3 7, 4 40. 5 41, G 30, 8 10. 10 19 p.m. Slnkev-8 0, 827, 9 37, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. 12 36, 32, 1 40, 2 33, 3 43, 4 35. 5 26. 5 36, 6 25. 725, S 28, . g 2, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 48,9 29 P-1111. .

===== 0002601_19060728_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
yam BY THE CLUBMAN. The Neglect of Brakes.

Notwithstanding The many warnings which have appeared in the press on the importance of 1112ti11.- taining the efficiency of brakes, a tabulated list a reported cycling accidents during the month of June, circulated by one of the brake manufacturing firms, shows that the risks attendant on the negleot of brakes have not been exaggerated. Out of 13/ accidents, 20 of which resulted fatally, the majority were due to- this cause. Not only should brake blocks be renewed when worn, but care should be taken to ensure that the stopping power of both brakes is maintained. As soon as any feebleness is detected, the slight adjustment re- quired to bring the brake shoes nearer to the rim should be made, especially where hilly ground is bina nag.,ti.t.o4l

lINk ...1 :47‘,3 1 4 , ..; ..0 1, C '4,, •;\ 47.- .11, _` q,1.,, •,,.... • 4k.,\,, I \ .4r I' i!fl.;•-: ~.., 0 li k s\ 1.,... .. , , , 7 ",;\ . ....„Ax \ „t\e,,_ _ 4::: j. 1 ` 97." 11 d,, ./ .; , .c,,..-'''—•--

===== 0002601_19060728_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Entering krance with a Bicycle.

Cyclists contemplating a French tour should note that any member of a club affiliated to the National Cyclists Union may obtain from Mr. S. R. Noble, 27, Chancery Lane, W.C., on payment of Is. 6d., a pass securing free admission for his cycle into France. All that then remains 'to be done on landing at a French port is to pass the machine and luggage through the Customs, and to obtain a perrais tic eit`eulatzon, which costs 6d., is available for three months, and renders unnecessary the registration of the cycle. At Dieppe oi• Calais any one can enter with a part-worn bicycle who is obviously a bona fide tourist and wears a cycling Club badge. At other ports, however, unless the cyclist is prepared to deposit the duty on his machine, he must be armed with a membership ticket of the C.T.C., N.C.U., or Touring Club de France.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRAMMES for Entertainments, Concerts, in the latest artistic style.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

ERWSEY STRRBT, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19060728_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
AMP / N N'S

e BEST ,E 5 Keyless Watch, is

===== 0002601_19060728_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Sold everywhere is boxes, price 1/1i (56 pills) & 2,9 (168 pills).

===== 0002601_19060728_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
ode

A really high-class instrum< at the moderate price of £4 4s. Among other up-to-date ittprovements, it has SPIRAL SPRING LYRIC REPRODUCER. STRONG TANDEM-SPRING MOTOR. ARTISTIC TONE-IMPROVING FLOWER HORN.

_ "Leaflet 20" gives some idea of its truly exceptional value. Write for it today to Columbia Phonograph Co., Gen'l., LONDON: 89, Gt.Eamtern St.. E.C. 200, Oxford St•,W. GLASGOW - se, Union St. CARDIFF St. Mary St. MANCHESTER : 64. Market St.

FREE TO ALL.

Wholesale Prfree. Ced4e. Motors & all AccesMOIVIL C5OO New and Second. hand Machin,, actually in stock.

IVLBS bora StE'. ESA. and Eadie's

SO.PAGE I ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE. I

Machines. Ice% er such bargains offered. Free. yucamthow a CO. wanows-mAas. En&

7 ~ t !rate \„-Alik /urses ~,,, ~.. • ~. Gra,aprix, --1 ~.....• Paris, icpo. Doublt Grand Peist,St. L 0164, r• --';'' .. ,••••!Lis. ....• 1 .7•111-jh'.. ,_,....1;4i...........„............: are 111 ----e-4.---).. ---. i ~ re. dIA".--_ - well )/,-- Z13....7.,.-i4--!--; suited ' 4111.1.1 - --'.-11111"111111116•./...---- lieli new "JEWEL" CRAPH-O-PHONE. -ient

SAVE n TIME.TROUBLE 9C AND *MONEY NS .610 wol LYN O_F Ff. E (71.. FOXY PCI4 ICS'S AotTgiolitoot OF ALL , • GROCERS.. j LARGE Atop SMALL BOTTLES

===== 0002601_19060728_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
- 11PVW -1!"/ _ "11%1

--i-ralmee, Trees. Wheels. olte.,half-prlce; 50 p.r MIL less than other makers.

Agents Wants& Don't mint sending P.C. for From LW&

===== 0002601_19060728_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
TH E SIGNAL"

91n5.39614 Bellows 9?

"'SEE t - rq : POWDER 15, BUGS,FLEAS. MOMS, BEETLES. " _ 'SEND POSTCARDI "JOHN STRANGE WINTER." 141. West lan. alailUn Mansions. London, W., laiameto.P... Po-Mouton ui J. S. W. TOILET PER. PARATIONS. wlllott nom AU wo Beaukty sin ILAUr soid Write at once. DELAYS ARE DANGEROUS.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
" JOHN WALKER AND " EXAMINER " OFFICE.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWSEY-ST., WARRINGTON.

L ETTERPRESS PRINTING

FETES,

TEA PARTIES

SERMONS MEETINGS &c., &c

PROMPT DELIVERY,

PRICES REASONABLO,

AUCTIOriEIIitS CATALOGUH3.

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION.

REPORTS AND BALANCP-SHEETS,

PAMPHLETS, TRADE CATALOGUES,

===== 0002601_19060728_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
AND ORNURAL PRINTING

INVOICES. Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or 'pattern on b:ue, white, or fancy paper

===== 0002601_19060728_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from ft plate or type.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
\IRCLAIIS in the n.atept syk. trom modern type, and of tbe beet workmanship.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
pIiOGRAMME'I for F.ntertainment , Concerts &c.. In the latest artistic) style.

QPI:::CIAL facilities kir all kinds of bIirCATION I,_) WORKS.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
S ICE, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIP lON BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

ANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap k and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, ervicee of Song. Festivals. &o.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
4RATALOGIjEF fur Public 3nd Private Libraries SJ Auctioneer; and Tradtainen.

LISI'S Printed on card or caper Blue trated. it required.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY DESCRIPTION Ole PRINTING

TRADESMEN, MANUFACTURERS, PROFESSIONAL

ORNTLEMEN, AND MUMS.

MEMORANDA AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION TRUST MOMS AND SHARB CIULTIFICATBS EXECUTED AT SHORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

PRINTING.

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. DANCES:

===== 0002601_19060728_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRAMMES

CONCERTS 80114EES BALLS

===== 0002601_19060728_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
OORGEHIS.

BAZAARS. MEBTINGS.

sthivicEs.

SIYOILTS.

TEA PARTIRSs ANNOUNCEMENTS. Attention is Invited to our NW FOUNTS OF TYPE rd WOOD LETTER or Large Posters. FOR ALL KINDS OF NEAT POtiTERS EXTRA LARGE SIZB,

40 x 60 One Sheet.

A NT JOHN Vl' ALRER & CO. "EXAMINER" OFFI(I±',, WARRI,N GTON

V ELENICNE O. oao .

===== 0002601_19060728_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
8

===== 0002601_19060728_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR:,

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
The Smoke Nuisance.

Sir,—lt is nearly ten years since I called attention in the columns of one of your contemporaries to the smoke nuisance, and the points which I emphasised were : 1. That in the opinion of experts and competent authorities, a large percentage of smoke can be abated without unduly harassing or interfering with trade; 2. That in most cases both master and man gain by it because the increased cost of labour and plant is more than counterbalanced by the decreased cost of fuel. This has since been proved in our own town by Messrs. Crosfield who recently made the remarkable statement that they were saving £23,000 per annum by improve- ments to save fuel and prevent smoke. Although this will probably be regarded as an exceptional case, it shows what can be done by up-to-date scientific methods. But the result of smoke abatement as regards profit or loss to capital and labour is only considered by Parliament as a secondary matter. The question, a burning question truly, is one primarily affecting the public health, and it is now over 30 years since the Public Health Act, conferred the neces- sary powers upon Sanitary and Local Authori- ties. How is it that some towns and cities are doing their best with the Act and with very satis:. factory results whilst others are doing nothing. Can anyone tell us what Warrington has done or is doing in the matter ? I pointed out in 1896 that the time limit allowed at Glasgow for the emission of black smoke was three minutes and in Liverpool it was in four minutes andlwhen these limits were exceeded a summoes was invariably issued. In one year 330 of such summons were issued in Liverpool and in 513 cases the prosecu- tion was successful. With such facts and figures as these before us, will anyone venture to say there is any reasonable excuse for the dense volumes of smoke which are daily pouring over Warrington? Let any of your readers who are interested in this question, watch some of the chimneys and they will find that the Liver- pool and Glasgow limits are multiplied by three or four in scores of places every day. If they have any doubts about smoke being injurious to health let them watch the prevailing winds and ask a few questions of the people living in the localities most affected. They will not be long in realising the evil, but in some cases the sufferers will say" We have to put up with it, and it can't be helped, it wont do for me to say anything about it." Do the members of Health Committees and Sanitary Authorities ever reflect that morally and indirectly they are responsible for hundreds of deaths and thousands of shortened lives if they 'neglect to use the powers which were given to them by the Public Health Act ? Is it not part of their duty to piotect those who cannot protect themselves ? If your readers have any doubt about the magnitude of the evil and the opinions of competent authorities permit me to quote one or two published utterances. At a Glasgow Congress, with reference to the Smoke Nuisance, Pro- fessor Ramsay said "It directly incites disease, and "it has now been shown to be a positive danger to health." Another high authority. Dr. Russell, senior medical officer of health for Glasgow says. " Now-a- 4.ays the undulations of the mortality depend more upon our artificial local climate than upon the rise and fall of zyrnotic epidemics." Dr. John Haddon speaking at Manchester said about smoke "I cannot stay now to reckon up all the evil that has been wrought by this grievous compound whose presenee in the air of our towns is the more to be regretted because it has been proved over and over again by practical men to be quite unnecessary and easily prevented. Floating over our great centres of industry likes dense cloud, it shuts off the genial light of the sun, and deprives the inhabitants of one great stimulus to vital action. It also passes with the air into their tender delicate lungs and by its constant irritation leads to the large class of diseases of the respiratory organs, that form so large an item in the Registrar General's returns from this part of the country." Is it necessary to say any more? Will anyone seriously contend that this great evil should be tolerated any longer? In concluding let me briefly allude to an , excuse which a few sanitary Authorities have made for doing nothing. They say the wording of the Act is vague or indefinite, and opinions vary about the colour of smoke, Of course they do, but it 19 not a borta-fide excuse for ignoring the spirit and intention of the Act. Parliament expects local authorities to put in some common sense between the lines, at all events, that is what many authorities do. If we wait for a perfect Act of Parliament, we shall wait till Doomsday. But if these flaws in the Act am o really the cause of the evil being unchecked for 30 years, our Member for Warring- ton would be doing a great public service not only to Warrington, but to other towns if he would introduce a Bill for amending the Act. I hope, at all events, he will give the matter some consideration.—Yours, &c., W. CHRIMES,

C 79, Knutsford-road, Latchford.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
VOLUNTEER ENCAMPMENT. To-day's Encampment.

To-day (Saturday) the Ist V.B. P.W.V. leave Warrington for their annual camp training. The battalion is 1,126 strong and it is eNpected that almost 1,000 of the men will spend the fortnight under canvas on Windmill-hill, Salisbury Plain. A ' fatigue party, under the command of Captain and Quartermaster A. F. G. Potter and thirty-five men departed for Salisbury Plain at midnight on Tuesday, to prepare the camp for the accommodation of the battalion to-clay. The Mounted Infantry Company, Cyclists, cooks, officers' grooms, as detailed, up to 100 non-commissioned officers and men, will proceed by the 10.30 a.m. train. Officers' chargers and private horses will be sent by this train. This party will parade at the Drill Hall at 9.15 a.m., and will be medically inspected before leaving. The remainder of the battalion will parade at 6.15 pm, and will proceed by two trains to Salisbury Plain. The officers on the first train will be Lieut.-Colonel J. A. Edelsten, Sergeant-Major G. H. Ingram. Major and Adjutant A. F. Bundock, Regimental Staff, A, B, C, D, Companies ; and on the second train Major J. D. Fair- clough and Colour-Sergeant Instructors Allardice and Cleaver. The men will parade in marching order with forage

caps. Major J. D. Fakelough will be responsible for the cleanliness of the camp ground of the left-half battalion. Major B. Fairolough will be similarly responsible for the right-half battalion. The annual inspection will take place this year while the battalion is encamped,at a date to be fixed hereafter. Owing to the distance to be travelled, only those men who can attend for the full period can be present at inspection. Every member must be present unless he has received written leave of absence from the Commanding Officer for some sufficient cause. Conse- quently every member unable to go to camp must obtain this leave of absence. A Church parade will be held on Sunday at 11.30.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
VOLUNTEERS AT CHURCH.

The annual church parade in connection with the Battalion took place on Sunday, when the men, to the number of about 350, including the m;:unted infantry, cyclists, &c., attended the morning service at the Parish church. The officers present were :—Lientenant-Colonel Edelston (commanding), Major J. D. Fairclough, Major B. Fairclough, Major Appleton, Captain Smith,Roberts, and Owen, Lieutenants Ridgway, Monks, Lapage,Picton Bournplarey and Woods, Captain and Quartermaster Potter, Major and Adjutant Bundock, with Sergeant- Major Ingram. Many of the soldiers stationed at Orford Barracks were also present, and the church was well filled. The sermon was preached by the Rector, who took for his text the words, God raised up unto them David to be their King, to whom also He gave testimony, and said I have found David, the son of Jesse, a man after mine own heart, which shall fulfil all my will." During the course of his address he said he had been reading a very interesting book entitled "The Invasion of England in 1910." and the point for their notice was that Lord Roberts, the head of the Army, commended the book to them as worthy of consideration. Lord Roberts told them that was just what would take place] if such an invasion was attempted, and it, therefore, behoved them all to be prepared. God had given them not only this country, but possessions in all quarters of the globe—in America Africa. Asia, with the whole of Australia, as well as America, and they should be pre. pared for a defence. The service was a hearty one, and apparently much enjoyed by all. Before the congregation dispersed the National Anthem was sung. The accompaniments to the hymns were supplied by the Volunteer band.

JOHN N'VALKE.R & CO.

HANDBILLS. HYMN PAPERS. INVOICES. LEGAL FORMS. LErTER HEADINGS. MEMORANDUM FORMS. CLOTH LABELS. DELIVERY BOOKS.

" EXAMINER " OFFICE. Bewsey Street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAMMAR SCHOOL SPEECH

DAY.

PROFESSOR TOUT AND THE VALUE OF EDUCATION.

The summer holidays in connection with the 1 the Warrington Grammar School are preceded by a highly enjoyable function known as Speech Day. Thursday witnessed the holding of this annual gathering and in every way the proceedings were highly success- ful. The students at the school appear in the role of entertainers and right well do they acquit themselves. As in the past the meeting was held under the chair- manship of the popular headmaster, the Rev. E. J. Willcocks, and the large room, which was gaily decor- ated, was crowded with the parents and friends of the boys.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WORK OF THE YEAR.

The Rev. E. J. WILLCOCKS' who had a hearty reception said:—" It is usual for me to summarize briefly the progress of our work, and to record the successes obtained during the year by present and past members of the school. The school is examined and reported on annually by examiners appointed by the Oxford University Local Examinatien Delegates and most of the boys in the two upper forms enter for the certificates granted by the University. I believe that last year's list was in a certain sense a record one. Out of 14 candidates who obtained certificates 9 were I placed in the Honours Division, and four were specially distinguished in various subjects. Allcandidates passed in Religious Knowledge, English and Arithmetic. All but one in Latin and French, all but two in Mathe- matics and Greek, and all but three in History. Five boys offered Higher Mathematics, and all five were successful. Two boys are excused the Examination known at Oxford as Responsions in stated subjects, and three boys—under the new regulations—are exempt from the Matriculation Examination of the University of London. The certificate results for this year are of course not yet published, but the Examiner has sent in his report, and it will perhaps interest you to hear his general remarks:—" I can confidently speak well of the work which is being done at the school, and the Head Master is to be congratulated in having so competent a staff of assistant masters associated with him. The curriculum is a wide one, but the general results of the examination show that the teaching is thoroughly good. It is a marked and a most successful feature of the system that Latin is taught to all the boys, and lam sure that much of the general excellence of the results is due to this fact. Not that other subjects are in any way neglected. Iu Mathematics a high standard is reached, but it is probably a direct result of this teaching of Latin that the French is so much better than I have generally found it, and that more boys than might be expected in a school of this character take up Greek so successfully. The written answers too of the Scripture and History papers show an accuracy of information and clearness of expression which are most commendable. So far as I could see from a few days' residence in the school the general tone and discipline are excellent and I can only hope that when the alterations to the school buildings now in process are completed it will be easier to carry on the work of the school and to develope it upon those lines w hich have slready proved,theruselves so successful." The past year has been one of m.uch anxiety. The new scheme for the government of the school is drafted and may be expected to come into operation shortly. The chief alterations are in the clauses which refer to the j constitution of the governing body—which in future will consist of eleven representative and four co-opta- tive governors—and next, to the abolition of the school divisions. i.e. Upper and Lower School, which will give more freedom and elasticity in the internal organization of the school both with respect to fees and curriculum. The school is now thoroughly efficient and meets all the requirements of the Board of Education both education- ally and structurally.ln addition to the enlargements we made last year we have now added—chiefly by adapting the School House—two class-rooms, workshop, dining hall, cloak-roomsete--and are able to accommodate about 130 boys. The number of boys in the school has been steadily rising during the past two years and this term 105 boys have been present. A four years' course, approved by the Board of Education, has been planned for boys from 12 to 16 years of age, and Government grant in aid is received from the Board. The successes and appointments of past and present boys during the year include :—J. Bamforth. matriculated at Liverpool University in the First Division and also won the Gee Scholarship of £25 per annum for two years. Also passed the First Examination in both parts for the degree of M. 8., Ch. B. R. Kennon has been awarded on entrance after open competitionl a Tate Scholarship of 33 per annum for three years at Liverpool University. J. A. Jones ,1 has graduated BA. London University. M. .k Burgess, R. Kennon and T. B. Weaver have shownl stfacient merit in the Senior Oxford Local Examina- tions to be excused from the Matriculation Examination of the University of London. J. Wilkinson has passed the Preliminary Examination of the Incorporated Societe of Accountants and Auditors. C. T. Cooke, the Final Examination with Honours of the Incorporated Law Society. E. Gandy, the Intermediate Examination for the degree of M.B. and Ch.B. Victoria University. D. Skelton, the Intermediate Examination of the Incor- porated Law Society. K. W. D. Macrae has graduated M. 8., Ch.B. Edinburgh University. A. F. Corney, Wadham College, Oxford, has graduated B.A. in the English Literature Final Honours Schools. We have , also to congratulate Mr. R. E. Kenyon, M.Sc., F.C.S., , on his appointment as secretary to the Technical , Instruction Committee at Sutton Coldfleld, and NIT.. , Seger Owen, F.R.1.8.A. on his election as a Fellow of the Royal Inetitute of thitish Architects. (Applause). PROFESSOR TOUT AND THE VALUE OF

===== 0002601_19060728_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
E DIJCATIO N.

Firofessor Totrr, of the Manchester University,having handed the prizes to the successfnl students, said he was told that their school was irt an interesting state of transition. He hoped that when the period of change was over, and they had a new scheme, that the school would be on a more solid basis than before and that they would be able to enjoy more fully the benefits of the recent legislation which had put into the hands of Town and County Councils the ultimate responsibility for the control of education of all kinds within their respective areas. He was glad to see that for two suc- cessive years boys from the Grammar School had obtained scholarships to the Liverpool University, but he thought that the school could with advantage send more boys to the universities than was the case. He hoped the headmaster did not suffer from what he had heard complained of a good deal in other quarters —a tendency for boys to be withdrawn at an untimely early age, (Hear, hear.) He was sure it was in the best interest of the boys, even if they had to make a living in business, not to cut short their education at a time when the fruits were really beginning to ripen. (Hear, hear.) A capacity to deal with affairs, and to have broad views and an intelligent appreciation of facts was much more likely to result from a good all-round education in a good school, than if the boy began at an early age and acquired a business experience by sticking stamps on wrappers and addressing envelopes and other not very broadening prozesses which small boys in offices were told to do. (Applause). The Grammar School seemed to be conducted on wise lines. He was very glad in going round the school to see that with all the conces- sions to modernity in the shape of workshops, labora- tories, &c.—all very excellent so long as too much time was not spent in any one—that the older educational traditions were not forgotten in the school. He was particularly pleased to hear that all the boys learnt Latin, and that German was an alternative subject to Greek as a classic language, and, that with the conces- sion to antiquity, they recognized that there were other languages and literature as well as those which traditions said should he so largely taught in English schools. He had to confess that the old traditional classic education was as soul destroying as was the modern trend to teach boys nothing but mathematics and , chemistry. He beli6ved boys should have the same teaching in the literary and historical as in the scisotifios expression of human activity and thought. The best cirriculum was en all round one and he hoped that when the moment of excitement was past the school would drift into a position which would neither take the form of the old traditional system nor the more utilitarian form of the new, for the simple reason than if they wanted to have even in the narrowest and most commercial sense, an education which paid best it was not that which taught only things which would be of use in after life, but which sharpened the wits of the boys in order that they might grapple with any emergencies which might arise. He hoped that when they started upon their new career with the premises re-modelled and brought up to date they would I have, as they ought to have, a great future. (Applause.) He also hopod that when the stream of fructifying guineas poured in from the Town Council and pious benefactors all would not be taken up in bricks and mortar and plant and material. They laid of course to spend a good deal in providing apparatus and rooms and there was no doubt the money was well spent, but he felt that for every £lOO laid out in that way there ought to be at least an equal sum to equip the human agents who were of infinitely greater importance in / building up the real school, though he feared that some people, especially seine official people, did not always I realize that. (Applause.) He felt that it was far better to conduct a school in a series of tin huts or wicker cottages or even on the road-side when it did not rain, without apparatus and plant at all, so long as Ithe school was taught by the right sort of people. (Hear, hear.) They could only get the right sort of people by paying them properly, secur- ing the future for them and recognizing their work. England did not properly recognize the schoolmaster—he was afraid England did not really ' much believe in education—and there was no country !, where the master, the ordinary assistant master was thought less of than in England. We boasted of our I radicalism yet in foreign parts the school masters and notably the assistant masters were much more recognised much more appreciated and were in a better status in ; society than were the same class in England. He would I like to impress upon the governing body of that school, ; and they would probably agree with him, and upon the

===== 0002601_19060728_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060728_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 28, 1906

Town Council that the real way to make the Grammar I School as great a school as the chief school of War- rington ought to be was to greatly increase the numberts and the emoluments of the teaching staff. (Applause.) I As in past years three plays, French, Greek and English, were presented by the boys who acted splendidly and whose efforts were loudly applauded. The dramatis personae were, in "La Grammaire " (written specially for the occasion by Mr. F. C. Hertzog) H. 0. Adams, R. Wilcox, L. S. Henshall,W. M. Watkins, and W. Young, in" The knights "of Aristophanes, A. Wright, R. Lee, G. F. Greaves, H. Dutton and H. Dawson ; and in" The Rivals" (Sheridan), R. Isherwood J. A. Sterling, R. M. Carnson, A. E. G. Cox and R. Kennon. J. Sankey and W. A. Lowe were efficient stage managers. At the conclusion of the proceedings hearty cheers were given for the ladies,the governors,and the head and assistant masters. PRIZE LIST FOR 1806.

CLassics.—Vl. Form, Dutton • V. Form (Classical), Greaves ; V. Form (Modern), Cox; IV. Form (Classical), Stanstleld ; IV. Form (Modern), Lawton; 111. Form, Weaver ; 11. Form, Wilding; I. Form, Atherton.

MATHEMATICS—VI. Set, Kennon • V. Set (Upper Division), Sterling; V. Set (Lower Division), Browne, ma ; IV. Set, Turner. ARITHMETIC—III. and 11. Sets, Lunt; Upper and Lower I. Sets, Ashley. ANCIENTHISTORY.—VI. Form, Greek History (445- 323 8.c.), Adams ; V. Form, Dawson. ENGLISH HISTORY (1399-160 ;).—IV. Form (Classical and Moeern), Thomas • HI. and 11. Forms, Smith, mi ; Upper and Lower I. Forms, Ferguson, mi. SCIENCE.—VI. Set, Physics and Chemistry, Kennon; V. Set. Physics and Chemistry, Browne, ma; IV. Set,' Chemistry, Henshall, mi. SCRIPTURE KNOWLEDGE.—LampIugh Memorial, VI. I Form, St. Luke with the Greek and Acts, Wilcox; V. Form, St. Luke and Acts (Rev. Canon Stevenson's prize), Dawson; IV. Form, Old Testament History (Rev. E. C. E. Carleton,s prize), Thomas; Massingham Memorial 'Mend 11. Forms, Weaver; Upper and Lower 1. Forms, Young; mi. ENGLISH LANGUAGE AND LITERATURE.—VI. Form Adams; V. Forms, Dawson. MODERN LANG UA G ES.—( HI. J. Charlton Parr's prizes), VI. Set, French, Dutton; V. Set, French, Sterling; IV. Set, French, Lawton ; 111. Set, French, Hayes. DRAWlNG.—Shading, Hands: Model, Stansfield ; Advanced Freehand, Woolstencroft ; Elementary Free- hand, Owen. ml ; Writing, Lower Division, Bradshaw Political Economy (prize given by the Old Boys' Union), Adams; Latin Verse, Dutton; Natural History Cellsction (Butterflies and Moths), Henshall, ma. Ashton Memorial, Sankey. OXFORD LOCAL EXAMINATIONS 1906.

The Directors reported that the position and pros- pects of the business continued to be in every way satisfactory. Including £100,953 13s. Bd. brought for- ward at 31st December, 1905, the net balance of profits for the half-year, after providing for all bad and doubt- ful debts, and rebating the current bills at 5 per cent was £307,092 14s. 3d. From this sum the Directors recommended :—The payment of a half-year's dividend at the rate of 19 per cent per annum payable, free of income tax, on Ist August, £162,307 10s. ; the transfer to bank premises account, £15,000 ; the transfer to Officers' Pension and Provident Fund, £10,000; leaving balance to he carried to next account, ..'119,785 4s. 3d. THE CHAIRMAN'S SPEECH. THE IMPROVEMENT OF TRADE. TheCHAfitmAN said he ended his address to the share- holders in January with the remark that they had had a good tirne,and that the bank was in a stroll.- position , and ready to take advantage of the good times that I apparently were coming. Those good times did come I and he thought the shareholders would see from the balance sheet that the company duly took advantage of them. If anything the hank WAS in a stronger position now than it was in January. The average bank rate for the six months had been £3 18s., as against £2 13s. 9d. for the previous six months, so that they were able to supply all the legitimate wants of their customers with a satisfactory profit to themselves. He neeil not come to tell a Lancashire audience that TRADE HAD BEEN GOOD. Taking Warrington for instance, which was a great centre of the tanning trade, good leather such as War- rington tanned had been in good demand at a good price. Above all, the great cotton industry had con- tinued to flourish. Many mills were working full time and many of them, he understood, had work to keep them going for many months to come. Another industry with which, however, the Company was not much concerned, was the shipping industry and that had surpassed all previous records. Of course the very activity of such a trade had been beneficial to the iron and steel and other kindred trades which had supplied the materials for the shipping industry, but, on the other hand, the ship-owners found that the multiplica- tion of ships had told very heavily against the profits in the carrying trade and they were complaining of the low rate of freight. Two things would operate in the long run to check this large production of tonnage, for not only would the price of materials increase with the demand for new ships but every new ship put on the water would compete for the freights and so cause a still greater reduction in the freights. He regreted that they could not report any decided improvement in the two staple trades of Leicester, with which the bank was well connected—hosiery and the boot trades— indeed the future of the latter trade could not, he feared, be regarded with much confidenee. It was an undoubted fact that TRAMS AND EICYCLEa, now saved so much shoe leather as well as time as to seriously affect the normal demand for boots and shoes. It was a curious instance of how the social habits of a people might materially affect the demand for even so primitive and so universal a material as shoe leather. .(Laughter.) The iron and steel trades of course, were booming. The output from MiddlesbOrough alone for the last six months came to over 700,000 tons—a very good increase when compared with the 460.00 tons of the previous six months. At the present moment both Germany and America were buying iron and steel from us. A general survey—even though some of the trades with which they were connected were not doing well— certainly led one to believe that much money was being made both in the home and foreign trade, especially the latter. But there were still more lasting evidences for good which, if they became more pronounced, must conduce to the permanent benefit of our trading industry in this country. One of those symptoms was the

as the circulating medium. It was not perhaps gener- ally known that in this country nearly 98 per cent. of all our buying and selling was done without the need of money at all, and in that respect we were very much in I advance of other nations. Nowhere else was economy of gold brought to such perfection. Of necessity, of course, there was much more gold required as a circulat- ing medium in other countries but in time they would ' attain the same perfection of economy in that respect that we had arrived at. Our colonies were rapidly assimilating their practice to ours. He had been told ' some times that he said a great deal about other matter but very little about Parr's Bank, but after all the matters he had been referring to did concern Parr's bank as well as every other bank. (Hear, bear). He I could not go on for ten or fifteen minutes ; gilding the gold of their balance sheet. He would I leave the shareholders to paint the lily in their own way. (Laughter.) As compared with the balance sheet of a year ago, they showed an addition to their deposits of nearly a million. Their loans and advances, which were the least realisable portion of their assets, were less by more than £400,000. On the other hand their cash and short money and investments, which were the more realizable portion of their assets,werep in larger. That showed that they were n a more liquid condition, should anything happen. There had been a larger addition this half-year to the number of their customers' accounts,and an increase in the number of shareholders since July last of 180, making a total on the books of 7,786. Once again their bad debts were miraculously small, but when a miracle was repeated often it ceased to become a miracle. This was really no miracle at all but was entirely due to the exceptionally good manage- ment that Parr's Bank enjoyed. (Applause.) Mr. Parr concluded by moving the adoption of the report, and the declaration of a dividend at the rate of 19 per cent. per annum. Sir DAvID GAMBLE, Bart., seoonded, and gave some interesting extracts from the report presented at the first general meeting of the company forty years ago. The motion was unanimously carried. DIRECTORS THANKED. Mr. STONE moved a vote of thanks to the directors for their services during the year. Mr. DAVID GARNETT seconded, and hoped the Bank would long retain a strong body of Lancashire directors. The motion was heartily agreed to and the CHAIRMAN responded. They had, he said, plenty of directors who were not Lancashire men, but while they had a Lanca- shire lad for their general manager, Parr's Bank would not go very far wrong. (Applause.) THE STAFF THANKED. Mr. DIXON moved a vote of thanks to the general manager and officers for their services and said it was largely due to their activity that they had such a splendid balance sheet. Mr. JOEL WAINWRIGHT seconded and the motion was cordially passed. Mr. WHALLEy responded and spoke in very high terms of the r services of the staff which were summed up in the balance sheet, of which they were proud. (Applause) A vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman on the proposition of Mr. J. C. STEAD, seconded by Mr. J. D. StICKTON, and Mr. PARR suitably acknowledged the compliment.

Senior Candidates, Honours Division. First Class : N. J. Burgess, distinguished in Religious Knowledge; Second Class : R. Keanon, distinguished in Religious Knowledge; Third Class : T. B. Weaver. Pass Division : R.S.M. F. Mc Murray, C. S. Woods. Junior Candidates, Honours Division. First Class : R. Wilcox, distinguished in Latin and Greek ; A. Wright, distin- guished in Greek. Second Class: R. Lee. J. H. Dawson, G. F. Greaves, W. N. Watkins ; Pass Division: R. M. Carnson, V. C. Roberts, J. Whitehouse. Recomraended for election to Senior Boteler scholarships :—A, E. G. Cox, H. Hands, J. A, Sterling.

PAkR'S BANK LIMITED. . 9 in c cloSuBnit. f oArtf forty-five present time l itoinmseatthao tn,cei fout correct,or at owtaoluol 1 NOTES ON GAMES AND seventy-five and leave us only thirty millions for the ---- rest of the world's requirements. He was sure they ATHLETICS. THE STATE OF TRADE REVIEWED. zvhoeuyld cfiuntdi ti tdhoawrnd t too boeril iee v half, o lte fist iiilrle s,r ebduutc ee d v evne ri f y -- materially the stock of gold for monetary purposes. In -- Cricket. the matter of gold reserve, it would interest them to Interesting Speech by Mr. Cecil F. Parr. hear that the State banks of nearly every important Warrington's match with Earlestown on Saturday foreign country bad very greatly increased their stock was of more than usual interest. In addition to being --- of gold during the last ten years—one bank had actually set apart for the benefit of Cressvvell, the home pro- An extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders doubled its stock. The Bank of England had in those fessional, the game had an important hearing on the of Parr's Bank, Limited, was held at the Bank Premises, ten years added practically nothing to its reserves. It West Lancashire League Championship. Hitherto Winwick-street, Warrington, at noon on Thursday. Mr. did not therefore, as lawyers said, lie in the mouth Earlestown had held the leadership, with Warrington a Cecil F. Parr presided and there were also present : of the Bank of England to lecture the joint couple of points behind, and the fact that they had Sir David Gamble, Bart., K.C.8., Messrs. Thomas H. , stock banks on their duties in that respect. accounted for the Warringtonians earlier in the season Dixon, John Dun, N. Ffarington Eckersley, Alfred Among the large joint stock banks there was added all the more keeneess to the struggle. Earles- I Hewlett,Robert Neill and Alfred M. Turner (directors), undoubtedly a feeling that more gold should be held by town were confident of repeating their performance Joel Wainwright (local director, Ashton-under-Lyne), them and such conviction had already, to his know- while Warrington entered into the contest with a deter- James A. Walsh, Wallace Broadbent, C. Baker T. ledge, taken practical shape in the gradual accretion by mination to avenge the defeat and improve their Norbury., W. Horrocks, P. Hayes J. Halton, C. White ' some of them of part of their reserves in account. He chances for the championship. There was a large E. C. Cooper, W. Gill, Edward 'Wood, D. Garnett, W'. I hoped that wholesome practice would be generally attendance, proving that the summer sport is still an Booth, Henry Dean, J. Stone, It. H. Smith, J. D. . adopted and be continued. If it was, it would con- attraction in the town when there is a prospect of BucktonrA. Jolley, J. C. Stead, W. Atherton, A. J. stitute a still further demand on the annual supply of something exciting. To the joy of the home supporters Speeden, J. A. McGregor, R. %V. Whalley (general gold—a demand which, of course, would grow with the the victory—a well-deserved one—rested with the War- manager), E. D. Hyatt (secretary), W. Skinner (manager increasing wealth of the community. As a set off to ringtonians who now draw level with their opponents of/the Warrington bank),and W. Silcock (chief cashier). this increase in the requirements, as time went on the at the head of the League. The triumph was not gained world would 1 without a real sporting finish. Earlestown looked very THE REPORT. USE . PROPORTIONATELY LESS GOLD I much. like playing out time but five minutes from time . --

Warrington wo- n by 27 runs.

The Warrington innings totalled 143, the great feature being a dashing display by T. Wright, a promising young cricketer who made 31. Cresswell was also in capital form and ran up 21, J. Callon compiling 23. Bates was liarlestown's most successful bowler, captur- ing five wickets for 43.

Earlestown made a sturdy fight, a sound defence by Crawley (23) and Afarsh (24) putting a good complexion on the game from their point of view. With the intro- duction of Podmore, however, the end was hastened and the last man was dismissed when the aggregate had reached 113. Podmore did splendid rvice with the ball, taking three wickets for 13 runs.

The second team also added to their laurels, and they now hold the top position in the second division. Earlestown were accounted for in unmistakable fashion, the top scorers for Warrington being T. Houghton (12.), R. Carson (38) and A. Thewlis (34). Bennett bowled splendidly, and accounted for six wickets for 39 runs.

Peaketh Friends' School registered a victory at the expense of the Old Boys. J. W. Proud (2s) made the finest display for the winners, while G. Howard knocked up 29 for the vanquished.

St. James's had no difficulty in accounting for the "Guardian Office," the Rev. D. R. Davies taking five wickets for six runs, and Efolt four wickets for eight runs.

Milling and Co.'s employees visited the pretty village of Arley and defeated the local eleven, Sproson (17) being their top scorer.

St. James's 2nd had to bow the knee te Fairfield, but there was no particularly good scoring on either side.

The third round of the Works Competition is pro- gressing and on Tuesday evening Fleicher Russell's proved too good for Monks, Hall. The Liverpool-road team batted first and during their fifty minutes' stay at the wickets scored 57 for the loss of seven wickets. Baxter and Hughes showing good form for their runs. Ratcliffe took live wickets for 22 runs. In response Woodcock and Mason batted splendidly, making 24 and 19 (not out) respectively. Fletcher's won after losing Ithree wickets, and in fifty minutes scored 76.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPENSATION FOR THE LOSS OF AN EYE.

Unsuccessful Application by the Firth Company.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday before his Honour Judge Bowen Rowlands K.C., the Firth Company Ltd., Florence Mills, Howley, steel wire manufacturers, applied that payments of 17s. per week which were being made by •them under a com- pensation award to Edward Hardmau, 31, Stafford-road, Wilderipool, should be terminated or diminished.—Mr, Adshead Elliott, barrister (instructed by Mr. J. W. Knowles) appeared for the applicants, and Mr. Acton, barrister (instructed by Mr. W. E. Foivler) for the respondents. Mr. Elliott said the accident in respect of which weekly payments were at present being made occurred on November 22nd last year. Respondent was follow- ing his employment when he was struck in the right eye by the end of apiece of wire which swung from a revolving cable. The injury was a very severe one and the right eye was permanently damaged, but the sight had not been altogether taken away. Some time ago the eye had, as the medical men termed it, quietened down and it was no source of danger to the left eye, which was a good sound one. Liability for the accident was immediately admitted and compensation was paid to the respondent at the rate of 17s. a week, as from a fortnight after the accident. To have the matter put in a formal way before the Court, an ' award was applied for and granted in March. Apart from the injury, respondent was a strong, sound healthy man of forty-five or forty-six years of age and as soon as his eye recovered as much as ever it would, efforts were made by his employers to get him to return to work. Respondent did go back on February 13th and he was put to the exact work that he had been doing up to the time of the accident. He worked from 9 in the morning until 5.30 in the afternoon and did the work perfectly satisfactorily. The only complaint he made, and which apparently prevented him from returning to work- the following morning WAS that during the day he almost injured two of his fingers, and that he was frightened to come back again. Mr. Elliott contended that respondent nearly hurt his fingers because he was doing a dangerous thing which was against the rules of wire-drawing. As Hardman did not return to work during that month and the following month, the firm thought some steps ought to be taken, and they arranged for him to be examined by Dr. Hamilton, eye specialist, Liverpool, who came to the conclusion that there was no reason whatever why he should not do exactly the same kind of work in which he was previously engaged. Respondent, however, said he would not run the risk of returning to work again. Of course he was entitled to say that he would not do the work, but if he was able to do it he was not entitled to a continuance of the compensation. The firm were willing to put Hardman to lighter work if he desired. Daniel Birrell, superintendout engineer to the Firth Company, gave the opinion that Hardman should be able to resume work stating that there was at present a man with one eye doing the same class of work satisfactorily. By Mr. Acton: He knew Hardman cut his finger whoa ho resumed work but be did not know he was ill for a fortnight. Mr. Samuel Taylor, managing director of the Firth Company, slid that if the respondent got over his nervousness be did not see why he should not do the work. Mr. Acton read a letter sent to the firm on behalf of the respondent stating that he was not able to follow his original occupation and expressing willingness to do other work if it were offered. Thomas Sutcliffe, wire drawer employed at the works said he lost the sight of his left eye when a boy, but by working carefully he was able to follow his employ- ment. He did not, however, think he would be able to do his work if he had lost his right eye. Dr. Langdale was of opinion that Hardman would be able to carry out his employment up to a certain extent, but he was not prepared to say that at present he could do it as efficiently. By I‘ll-. Acton : For all practical purposes the right eye was useless. Dr. Hamilton, eye specialist, Liverpool, said he thought Hardman could make an effort to resume work if he would and that in time he would be as good a workman as before.

Mr. Acton contended that the expert evidence was all in his favour, as it had not been proved that Hardman could do the work. He had always been willing to try his hand at any Work and he only gave up when his hand was cut. _

His Honour decided against the application with costs. At the same time he strongly recommended Hardman to make an effort to do something.

Bowling. , (Contimced from Page 7.)

WARRINGTON BARBERS V. ST. HELENS BRIERS. At Sankey Chapel House on Thursday. Scores. S. D. S. D. C. Old&ld H. Hughes J. Cross F. Shaw A. Lamb P. Lawless M. Tobin S}l3 S. Shorts W. Freeman ll 1/3 H. Powell 4 1 , H. Higginbottorn ... 8 f H. Procter - W. Dumbell 7l 13 F. F Jones J. Podmore E. Stockwell J. Neston W. Derbyshire Bll3 IN H. W,right A. Durnbell 144 79 144

Warrington majority 22

===== 0002601_19060728_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
BANKRUPT DISCHARGED.

Successful Application at Warrington.

.--.. -A--

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday George Henry Holt made an application for his discharge from bankruptcy. Mr. Gibson, official receiver, said the receiving order against the applicant was made in 1904 upon Holt's own petition. The liabilities to rank for dividend were estimated at £357 15s. 3d.2 but actually amounted to £398 Ds. 2d. The bankrupt estimated his assets at £B9 15s. 2d., but actually realised £lB7 75., a dividend of 7s. lid. in the £ having been paid. Bankrupt com- menced business in partnership with his brother in November 1896 as a plumber, subsequently carrying on the business alone. Bankrupt's business had been quite free from any commercial irregularities and his only offence was .that he had not kept books of account.

Mr. Forshaw, who appearea for applicant: You can hardly expect a small tradesman to keep a chartered accountant on the premises. His Honour : Under the circumstances it is not to be expected. Mr. Gibson : I do not in this case regard the non- keeping of books as dishonest, but if a man desired to be dishonest the easiest way was for him not to keep books. . .

Bankrupt's immediate discharge was granted subject to his consenting to a judgment against him for £2O, the money tn be paid into Court within three months. Mr. Forshaw said the money would be paid.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. SEDDON M.P., MAY BE ARRESTED.

The Free Speech Question at Widnes.

Excitement at Widnes in connection with the free speech campaign is as intense as over, and the agitation has received fresh vigour from the arrest of two mem- bers of the Labour party there, On Thursday morning at three o'clock Peter N'Carthy Arthur Finchniau, and Patrick Hooligan, members of the Widnes Labour party, were roused from their beds and arrested in respect of unpaid fines of is. and costs for haying obstructed Victoria-square. Finchman paid the money at the last moment, but the other two were conveyed to gaol. iVrCarthy is evar sixty years of age. ' At noon an indignation meeting of the party WAS held, and a resolution passed condemning the action of the police. It was decided to pay AlTarthy's fine in consideration of his age. Both men had, however, been conveyed to Walton by that time. Particulars of the situation were telegraphed to Mr. Seddon, ALP., at the House of Commons. Mr. Seddon's fine still remains unpaid. He is duo at Widnes to speak , again this Saturday night, and public curiosity is much ' aroused in view of his possible arrest. Henry •Ackerley, a well-known local Labour man, was fined is. and costs for obstructing a meeting on July 8. He denied being present, and six witnesses swore that he was with them near the Grosvenor Hotel at the time of the meeting, but the Bench dedided to convict.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
A HORSE TRANSACTION.

Peculiar Case at the County Court.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour, Judge Bowen Rowlands, ICC., Thomas Magina, horse dealer, 26, Norley-street, brought an action against Mr. Edward Connor, to recover the sum of £lO for the return or value of a horse, and damages for wrongful detention. Mr. Browne appeared for the plaintiff, defendant being represented by Mr. E. A. Connor. Plaintiff's case was that on the 29th June he went to a horse fair in Ireland and there purchased some horses. Having settled for these he and the vendor adjourned for a drink and were followed by a man named Frank Duffey. Duffey said he wanted to get to England and asked Maginn to take him. Maginn refused to do so but Duffey got into the train along with plaintiff's horses and travelled to Dundalk without a ticket. The two not met at Greenore, and as free passes were granted to horse dealers Maginn, as an act of charity, obtained one for Duffey. Arrived at Warrington Duffey obtained work with Messrs. Maginn Brothers. Mr. T. Maginn on the Monday offered tba horses for sale to Mr. Edward Connor, but terms dbre not agreed upon. Subsequently plaintiff visited several public-houses and got drunk. In this state Duffey took him to Mr. Connor and, it was alleged by the defendant, he agreed to sell one of the horses for £2l. Plaintiff could not remember the transaction, and submitted that if such a bargain was made it was void, as he was not in a fit state to enter into a contract. The money was paid to Duffey, plaintiff had not yet received it. SCARCELY RF.EP PACE Evidence was called to show that the value with the world's requirements. The question was far of the horse was at least £3O and that, at the time too intricate to be dealt with at that meeting, but if when the alleged bargain was made, the plaintiff was they were to believe a great monetary authority, Mr, drunk. Palgrave, who was second to none and whose calcula- For the defence it was stated that whilst the plaintiff tions bad been adopted by another authority, had had drink he was sufficiently sober to know what Professor Nicholson fully three fifths of the he was doing and to make the bargain. annual production of gold was used in the His Honour gave judgment for the defendant without arts and manufactures. That was his calculation costs.

and

===== 0002601_19060728_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
WAVE OF TEMPERANCE

which at present was sweeping over the land and the second was the increased desire and readiness shown on the part of masters and men alike to settle their differ- ences other than by the ruinous and barbarous methods of strikes and lockouts. Owing to the adoption of sliding scales and the action of conciliation boards, and in a great measure, to private arrangements, many cases were settled and disputes arranged with a minimum of friction to all concerned. One case alone this half year, which involved the well-being of 150,000 miners, was settled by a conciliation board. Perhaps he would be asked why, if times were so good, did they read so much in the papers about stagnation and depression They were not all in the city of London, happily. It , was true that complaints loud and deep came from the Stock Exchange. No business they said, and that complaint found an echo on the provincial stock exchanges of Liverpool and Manchester. " Specula- tion " they said " is dead," and speculation was the life of the Stock Exchange. He feared that showed for one thing what a small percentage of business on the Stock Exchange was due to hona-fide investment, and how much to speculation. It was not, however, quite true that speculation was dead, human nature being still very much as it was, or even that there was no money considered that and all the trade de eisgpiellcvLsl countries etarsi ews igt aohno. dd Wo hau as it n theyit Coloniesa s in which we had so much money invested were doing so well, there must certainly be a great deal of money coming back to this country in investments, dividends and pro- fits, some of which doubtless was put into bona Pax investments, Much of it also was doubtless put into extension of the business but certainly a great deal was loft to speculation. He was inclined to think not that speculation was dead but that it was merely taking just now another form. Instead, of buying,for -instance, , existing securities on the Stock Exchange for a rise, he thought people were putting their money into new ventures—still a speculation to a certain extent. He saw it stated the other day that no less than 233 MILLIONS or MONEY had been put into electrical undertakings alone in the course of the last ten years. Shares such as these were not to a very great extent applied for or taken up to be sold on the first rise, but they were held for better or worse in the hope of future dividends. Still this • putting of money into comparatively new industries was in a measure speculatien. As an instance he might fairly cite the motor bus industries into which several millions of money had been put in the last twelve months. While putting money into new industries was obviously not so acceptable a form of spectulation to the stock broker, he was quite sure it was much more restful to the speculator himself, worn out by the long drawn misery of his South African experiences. Talking of South Africa, it would seem to make the present lot of that land harder still when they turned to our other colonies and found them having exceptionally prosper- ous times. The very name of Canada nas a

SYNONYM FOR PROSPERITY. Their only fear was that she should go too fast and incur the inevitable punishment of reaction. They must all hope that she would make haste slowly. As regarded Australia it would appear that she really had more money than she knew what to do with. The banks in the two colonies of New South Wales and Victoria , alone added four millions iii Victoria and Sidney to ;their stock on account and not only had they done this I but they had put eight millions more to their credit in ' London. All that was newly-acquired Wealth. Ti they compared the March quarter for 1905 with that of the ; present year, the imports of the two-colonies showed an ; increase of 10 per cent., while their exports I showed an increase, excluding gold, of 32 per I cent. and with gold of 04 per cent. This ;prosperity they might see in another way by studying ; the bank balance sheets, which showed a reduction of 223 millions in loans and advances to customers, while - I the deposits had increased:by 11 millions. If they added the latter sum to the above extinction oil iabilities,which ; was as good as an asset of 2; millions„ it showed more : than thirteen millions of wealth added to those colonies in the last few years. In spite of alk her troubles South Africa continued to break the record for gold production. It now amounted to two milliods a month; but, unfortunately, no one seemed One penny the better , for it out there. Here the mining shares continued to ; fall. A. very slight rise—a momentary one he feared— was recorded that morning, but they had continued to fall for many months, and out there men were starving. Astonishment was often expressed by the "loan in the , street "how it was that with such an enormous annual ; supply—it now reached a total of 75 millons per annum —there should be enough gold and plenty of it to go round. Well, he (Mr. Parr) was no expert on this ques- tion, but when they considered the development and extension of the world's industries the ever-increasing volume of its wealth and the greater and more extended , distribution of that wealth, and finally the increase in . the world's population, he was certainly led to believe that the present production of gold, enormous as it ; seemed, could

===== 0002601_19060728_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

The third round in connection with the Warrington Works Competition was completed on Saturday, the match which was decided producing one of the closest struggles in the history of the competition. The com- peting teams were Sankey Wire Mills and Monks Hall (1), and the Wirepullers gained a substantial advantage as the result of the first game only to have their lead wrested from them immediately. They looked to J. I Foster to retrieve their position but he failed to do so. 'Starting badly he allowed his opponent to reach 9-4. He then put in a good run but had to retire defeated. Two of the eight points which separated the teams at this stage, were wiped off by G. Rutter who after being in arrears 9-1 with J. Heywood, won splendidly 15.13.

Then followed one of the best exhibitions of the match. Dividing the first two points T. Cooper ran away from Bennett 14-5, and Sankey looked with con- fidence to the lead being reversed. They had, however, reckoned without Bennett, who secured the flock and ran home whilst Cooper marked time. The next game saw Sankey left still further behind, and a victory of 15-13, which J. Graham scored over R. Jefferson, did not occasion any consternation in the Monks Hall camp. and S. Deakin promptly replied by defeating Goulden 15-14, the totals standing at 106-9 G.

It was now that Sankey began to assert themselves and J. Harrison after leading throughout against T. Rigby brought the teams within one point of each other. Another victory to Monks Hall raised high their hopes of victory, but a lead of seven points was not sufficient. ,S. Fletcher and R. Woods were the next pair on the 1 green and Fletcher quickly running from 8-3 to 15-9 one point only separated the teams. Naturally the greatest interest centered in the last game which lay between W. Foster and F. Sraelley, and Foster quickly raised the spirits of the Sankey men by scoring seven before his opponent could get a single. The promise of the first few ends was not broken and Sankey rejoiced in a victory won only in the last minute.

The first round for the consolation in connection with the Works competition prizes was opened on Saturday when four matches were decided. The teams were limited to six aside and exciting finishes could be looked for. The expectations of the spectators were fully realized in the match between Greenings, and Thewlis and Griffiths. Greenings won the match in the first few minutes as W. Patrick all but clean plated Dagnall, and gave his side a lead of 14 points. Thewlis and Griffiths set themselves manfully to the task of wiping off the arrears and gradually improved their position, but the wet* of pulling the game out of the fire was beyond them and they Jost by three points.

Monks Hall (2) lost to Crosflelds (2) in exactly the same way, their first trundler retiring defeated 15-1. The remainder of the games they won but as in the other case the opening margin against them proved too great. The third contingent from the" soapery " gave a truly inglorious display and were beaten by Whitecross (1) by 00-27.

Cycling. In the Athletic News under the heading of " A coming champion " " Cyclops "says : The unexpected opposition offered by 'Charles Berry against Ernest Payne and his defeat of Lavery and Baker in the purenit ' race at the Manchester Wheelers' meet has brought the Warringtonian into the front rank at one hound. Short and sturdy, with an abundance of vitality and pluck, Berry is the beau ideal of a short distance sprinter, his almost perfect ankle action and a style free from any jarring digs or lunges forming an object lesson in the art of pedalling. Although only 24 years of age. Berry has crowded into his short career enough victories to satisfy the appetite of any two men, and if I were to predict for him the highest honours that the cycling world has to offer I should not be exaggerating his possibilities. For two years in succession he has captured the Manchester blue riband of the path—the mile centre championship, and has this year placed his name on the Cawley and Wallasey cups. After a perusal of his long list of successes I might point out that he has on one occasion secured the much-coveted Duke of Portland watch at the Worksop gale. Riding in the colours of the Salford Harriers ho was one of the favoured invited competitors in the now famous Muratti Cup race, but owing to an unfortunate accident in the last lap— his chain left the cogs—he was put out of the race. A non-smoker and very temperate in his habits, Berry divides his training between the cinder track at Winnington Park and riding on the road,and the wonder of it is that with such poor facilities for getting fit he should develop such an exceptional sprint. With a cement track to train upon this pretty perlaller would make a good show in the very best company.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
Swimming.

The second round of the works squadron competition for the Sir Gilbert Greenall challenge shield was entered upon in the Corporation Baths, Legh-street. on Thursday evening before a fair attendance of spectators.: The first teams to swim off were Corporation and Cros- fields (2). On the first man Corporation gained half a length, and this lead was increased, and in the end they won by over a length. Monks Hall and Richmonds were more evenly matched, but with two men out of the water Monks Hall held the advantage, and almost half a length in their favour separatecrthe teams at the end of the race. Last year's winners (Crosfields No.l team) were pitted against P. and, K., who held the shield the first year it was competed for. The race was full of excitement, and was won by P. and K. by four yards. On Thursday night Warrington met St. Helens in connection with the Liverpool and District League, in the Warrington baths. In the first half the home team defended the deep end. For a time play was very even when Warrington broke away and after being hard pressed Slater was beaten by Allen, but a minute later Lomax waiting well down the bath. equalized Warring- ton were having the best of matters but were unable to improve their position and the teams changed ends with the scores equal.

Re-starting Warrington at once took up the attack but good work by Slater prevented them scoring. Walker had a splendid opening but failed to take advan- tage of it. It was left to Peers to give the home team the lead that player putting the finishing touch to a passing movement initiated by Pemberton. A minute later St. Helens were penalized in their own goal and Ashton further improved the Warrington lend. Final : ,Warrington three goals, St. Helens one goal.

Warrington thoroughly deserved their victory, and had Slater been less active in goal the home team's score would have been even greater. Whilst they were the best team, the Wirepullers however lacked combina- tion, and the paying of greater attention to this depart- ment will doubtless result in the winning of more matches. C. Ashton again stood out as the best player in the water.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0126.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
..0":1 hila:

===== 0002601_19060728_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
126 75 126

While Henry J. Hickman, a Hornsey gardener, was digging some potatoes three weeks ago the fork slipped, and, penetrating his boot, injured his foot. Some days later be was found to be suffering from all the symptoms of tetanus, and on Tuesday last he succumbed.—At the inquest the jury returned a verdict of " Death by mis- adventure."

===== 0002601_19060728_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060728_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS.

Latest Quotations.

BANK RATE 3. SETTLING DAY 15TH AUG 1906.

--- OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. BRITISH FONDS. £ Consols 21 lOO 100 .871 Annuities 100 .95 21% Annuities 100 ..:861 Nt. War Loan 2°l Red 1910 lOO .981 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO .981 Bank of England Stock lOO 297 India Stock 100 .1021 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian lOO .111 Glasgow & S.-W. Pref. Ord. lOO .64 Great Central Deferred .4.00 .161 Great Central Preferred lOO ...37 Great Eastern 100 83 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO -.451 Great Western lOO .1321 Lancashire and Yorkshire lOO -105 London, Brighton & South Coast 100 ...134 London Chatham and Dover._ lOO ...15 Londonand North-Western lOO 160 London and South-Western lOO 152 Metropolitan lOO ...65 Midland Def. Couvd. Ord 100 ..69 Do. Prof. Convd. Ord 100 .671 North British 100 -433 North Eastern Consols .. 100 142 North Staffordshire lOO 105 South Eastern 100 83 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific 100 ...169 Grand Trunk of Canada lOO _2B Do. Guaranteed 100 1031 Do. Ist Prof. lOO . 119 Do. 2nd Pref 100 109 • Do. 3rd Pref lOO —691 BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 123 . 38 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO 35i xd. • London and County 'Mt 961 London and Westminster 90 -531 xd. Manchester and County l7 ..61 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 -.51 Parrs `'o .88 Union of London 151 . 371 Union of Manchester ll 20 xd Williams Deacons 8 251 xd BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Greeton 5% Cum. Prof. lOO ...114 Bell and Co. Ord lO 114 Bents Brewery Ord, lO 51 Boddington's Ord 10 8 Chester's Ord lO ..101 Groves St Whitnal 5% Cum. Pref 10 -.81 Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO ...580 Manchester Ord. lO '', Parker's Burslem Ord lO ..11 Springwell Ord 10 .71 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO ..31 Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum Pref 10 ...91 TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Ord lOO _67 Nat. Telephone Prof. Ord. 6% lOO .111 do. Def. Ord. lOO .110 do. Ist Pref. 6% lO .11 do. 2nd Pref. Minimum

_ 6710 lO 111 Nat. felephone 3e. Deb. Stock lOO TRAMWAYS.

Blackpool 84 Pleetw'd Tramroad lO ...12 British Electric Traction Ord. lO —.54 xd Man. Carriage and Tramways A 7i ...35/0 do. do. B 5 ...15/0 do. do. C —.15/0 Southport Tramways 5 ...3 INDUSTRIALS, &c Beyer, Peacock S: Co. 51^/. Cum. Pref. 1 15(0 Bleachers Asso. 5,4 Cum. Pref. 1 22/0 Boy. Ord. (7% Cum.) 1 ...22/0 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 ..25/0 Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Pref. 1 British Insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 ...(3' British Insulated and Helsby Cables GCum. Prof 5 .

Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ordl ...54 Brunner Mona and Co. Ltd. 7% Pref. lO ...171 Buxton Lime Firms .. , 10 ...6A Calico Printers Ordinary 1 f3/9 Costner Kellner Alkali 1 ...21/0 Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 —.51 Crosfleld (1) & Sons, 5% CUM Pre. Pref. 10 ...10; Crosfields, 4-1?,/, Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. _ 100 ...101

.. Crosfleld, 41% 'A ' Deben lOO .98 English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 26/6 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A IEI .8i do. do. do. do. B 8 ...61 Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ordl ...34/0 - Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cum. Pref lO —.122 4% Dohs. Red. 100 —93 Hunters the Teamen Ord. 1 ...36/0 Lever Brothers, 5% Cam. Prof. 10 ...12lorright5 Lipton Ordinary 1 ...20/0 Meldrum Bros., 51'10 Prof. 1 _l5/0 Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord. - 1 ~,50/0 ad do. do 7'/, Cum. Prof. 5 ...7 Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum Pref. 5 ...4 Nantyglo & Blaina 8'; Pref. 621 ..53.; Pearson S.: Knowles, Ord 5 . Al- do. do. 6% Cum. Prof. 5 ...61 Public Benefit Boot 6'; Cum. Pref 5 ...5 Perrins Ltd. Ord. 1 ...2/6 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord.l ...38/0 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6% Cum. Pref. 5 ...61 Salt Union Ordinary 4 _l3/9 United Alkali Ordinary lO 71/9 do. do. 7% Cam. Pref. lO 111 do. do. Deb. . . lOO ...109 Vulcan Foundry 1 26;3 ' Wirmn Coal & Iron Co., Ltd.... 7,1 ...6i do. do. do. do. do. lO ...81 Warrington Land & Property Co , Ltd. Ord. 1 —l7/6 do. do. do B Shares 7 Warrington and District Billpost- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. 1716 ...17/6 Slf IP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO . .24/3 do. do. do. Porn!. 5% Prof 10 ...35/3 MINES. British South Africa (Char) 1 ...31!0 Charter Trust and Agency 1 ...12/6 Cons. Goldfield of S.A. 1 3.:! East Rand Proprietary I ...42 Hendersons Johannesburg Consolidated 1 WO Kaffirs Consolidated 1 ...20/0 Oceanas I _lBl3 Rand Mines 5/- 31/9 Randfonteins 1 ...33R) Rhbdesia Exploration 1 ...37/0 Tanganyika 1 32 Transvaal Estates 1 _l3/3 Salisbury Buildings The above list and prices have been compiled hi Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Share brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be ound reliable.

===== 0002601_19060728_art0130.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060728_art0131.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.5,

===== 0002601_19060728_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BE 'X SHY :BOAT) W If:MAYAN Cl-LURCH WARRINGTON. ON SUNDAY NIIXT, JULY 29TH 1906. At 10.30 Rev. A. O. PARER% At 6.30 Rev. SIDNEY PITT. All welcome. Hymn Books provided, , BAPT IST CHURCH, LATCHFORD, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JULY 29flar, 1906. PREACHER: Rev. JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. Morning 10.30 "Quality in Bible Study " livening S. •' The Genesis of Forgiveness." OF BAPTIST ÜBURCII, GOLBORNE-STRE ET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY NRXT, JULY 29TH. PREACHER Rev. R. BLACK (Wigan). Morning 10.45. livening 6.30. Everybody Welcome. Hymn Books provided. _ Wednesday evening service rat 8.15 p.m.

_ WA BRINGTON CYCLING CLUB PARADE It AND CARNIVAL MOCK COMPRTITION. Winn- ,lt Number C. 7813, Winner, Mr. T. Bodle, 22, Orchard et, E''ekton Heath. —___

P.S.A. WARRINGTON.- OPEN MEETING. SUNDAY NEXT, JULY 29TH. 3 P.M. CO-OPERA TIVR HALL, WINWICK STREET. CHAIRMAN: MR. COUNCILLOR BURTON. BREAKER : MR. TOM HARRISON (Tnsc CONVERTED CARTER OF OLDHAM). BOLOIST s MR. J. W. WILLETT. USUAL COLLECTION- Doors open at 230. NB.— During Removation of Wy3llfl e Church, P.S.A. Rill be held every Sunday In the above Hall. - _ YCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWBEY STREET, WARRINGTON. DURING RENOVATION, AND UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE, SERVICES WILL BE HELD, AT USUAL HOURS, TN THE CO-OPER &TIN' E HALL, SANKEY STREET. PREACHER ON SUNDAY NEXT, REV. J. YONGE. EVENING SERVICE ONE HOUR ONLY. USUAL OFFERTORIES. HYMN BOOKS PROVIDED. Hearty Welcome to all Corners. Special Invitation to such as have no fixed Place of Worship.

BUILDING SOCIETY. THE ABOVE SOCIETY IS NOW PREPARED TO IifECEIVE DEPOSITS, AND TO MAKE ADVANCES ON SLORTGAGE OF RELIABLE SECURITIES. Terms au i all further particulars from the Secretary. A. H.:OLIVE. 6, Egypt at., Warrington.

BY TYIE ROYAL BRITISH MAIL ROUTE, VIA HARWICH AND THE HOOK OF HOLLAND. CORRIDOR VESTII3IILED TRAINS. Dining and Breakfast Cars between LINCOLN and 'HARWICH Every' Week-day. Through Corridor Carriages from and to MANCIII43THR. Send post-card to W. P0wna11.G.8.14., 82. Portiaad Street, Manchester. for descriptive illustrated pamphlet (free).

\ LONDON AAxN7GDusNTOBRTNHic wHZITIDEAItNs. RAILWAY. SPECIAL CHEAP EXCURSIONS. Cheap Excursion tickets will be issued from Warrington (L. As N. W.) as under : Date To August 2nd Scotland August 3rd and sth. London. August 3rd. Birmingham,Cambrldge. and Cambrian Line. August 3rd. South Coast Watering Places. August 3rd Eastern Counties. . August 3rd West of England. A Auullutle; 44tt hh , ' North Eastern Line. August 6th, Buxton 6th. Huddersfield, Dewsbury. and bLoeoedkii,4.s. Buxton and Ashbourne, with to Alsop-en-le-dale for Dovedale, by special fait excursion. August 6th. Manchester. August 6th. Liverpool and New Brighton, August 6th. Kendal and tylndermere. August 6th and 7th. Wolverhampton and Birmingham. Week-end and Long Date Excursion tickets will be issued as usual on Friday and Saturday August 3rd and 4th. For particul .3 as to times, fares and conditions see small bit's, which may be obtained ion advance at the al &lion s• Bruton Station, FREDRILIOR HARRISON, London, July 1905. General Manager.

W ARRINGTON INFIRMARY EXTENSION. ArdOUNT REQUIRED £l5 000. THE EXTENSION COMMITTEE APPEAL for SUBSCRIPTIONS ta the Enlargement of the hUBSCRIPTIONS TO DATE. 2 e. d. Messrs. the Penketh Tanning, Co., Itsi.o 50 0 0 Messrs. the Warrington Industrial Co-operative Society, Ltd. Messrs. The Lengford Wire CO., Ltd Mr. Thos. H Lyon. LP., Dl 25 0 0 Mr, William Richardson, J.l'. Dr. R. E. Markel 25 0 0 Mr. Walter J. H. Jones 2O 0 0 Mr. John Taylor, L.D.S 2l 0 0 Brnployes of the Corporation Gas Depart- ment. per Mr. W. S. Howard lO 10 0 Mr. Thomas Grime lO 1.0 0 Musts. Robinson Son and Co. Ltd lO 0 0 Mr. Wm. Wlustanley, Park-olace Messrs. Warrington Mot,r Car. Co.,Ltd , 1 6 0 0 Amount collected in their box f 5 5 0 Mr Travers Plokwere Mr. Medley H. Taylor. L.D.S. Mr. Edwatd Isherwood. Tanners-lane 5 5 0 Messrs. O. and R. J. Chorley 5 0 0 Mr. M. Brophy Mr. Edward Fenton Mr. W. A. Leslie 2 2 0 Rey. Canon Morley Stevenson, MA. It- 8, Naylor, 106, Cartwright-street 2 2 • 0 7rbob. H. Sutton 9 Wilson-Patten it. 2 0 0 Trucia H. Crosfield, in addition to Provious subscription of 1 0 0 tntn's Contributione, per Mrs. J. R. Pickmete : Mrs Milling.. and family Mrs Armitage The Miss,. t4roirh Mrs. J. Chariton Parr 5 5 0 Mrs. Wm. Fletcher Miss Litton 5 0 0 Mrs, Joseph Harrison 141" Beetle Dutton • Ilre. M. Lightborp Amount previously acknowledged 8 071 3 9 -- 8,366 14 3 Donars of 20 -- guineas or iipoise.is will become life governors, in accordance with the roles of the institution. Sutecrlptlcns may be paid into any of the Local Banks, or to the Hon. Treasurer at the Infirmary. W. PESTEN. RYLANDS. Chairman of the Extension Committee. GBORGB DARIN, Hon. Treasurer. LIV ER POOL AN() NORM WALES. , REGULAR DAILY SAILINGA (Sunday included). paddle-steamer La Marguerite," (every day) (Thursday St. Tudno) leaving Ptince's Landing Stage (weather , Permitting) 4.46 9, m , for LlanduJno Beaumarls, Bangor, and Menai Bridge, (with Carnarvon connection week days) allowing 4 hours ashore at, Llandudno, and due haelt at 7.30 p.m. }MUM SAILING% BANK HOLIDAY LiXORPTRE), 4.30 p.m. Fridays. Saturdays,tomdays and ndondays (except- ing 6th Alguet) six) Tuesday 7th August at 2.30 p.m. 11.15 a.m. Sundays. 9.15 a,m• Isle of Anglesey Tripe, by St. Tudno, Monday 30th calling at Liandudno,dne back in Liverpool each day at 8 p.m. (Through bmAings ftom principal stations). 9.30 a.m. every Wednesday July and August by St. Tudno for Llandudno and Holyhead. ritio hack 3 p.m. BANK HOLIDAY. Monday August 2, 9.15 a.m. Llandudno and Holyhead. 9-30 a.m. Llandudno and Banal Straits. 10-45 a.m. "La Margarita" as usual. ...For further Information apply to the LIVERPOOL AND zWORTFt WALES STELMSTIIP COMPLYY, LTD T. G. Brew, Secretary,4o, Chapel st.,Liyerpool. Official guide 3d.post free. WBBK-ENDS at N. WALES. hotel and boat from 225. 6d.

VIACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY: A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the month by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 2OS. GOLD 'INLAY 40S. MACDONA.LDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-BT, AT VirANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAY°, 11 IO 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT Mn. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS. I IO 7.30 LIVERPOOL 69, CHURCH-ST ATTENDANCE DAILY 131A,M. TO 8 pas. MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

MARSH'S HARDWARE ;STORES, 53, SANKEY STREET. BEST VALUE ItT TRUNK, JAPANESE BASKETS, Szc. ,

LONDON-LIVERPOOL DRESS AG ENC Y, 5 BOLD ST., LIVERPOOL. • LADIES CAN DISPOSE OF THEIR.WARDROBE AT THIS AGENCY ON COMMISSION. SEND FOR CIRCULAR, UP-TO-DATE DRESSES NOW ON SALE.

EXPERI ENCHOM ale and Female N •r.S. at a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply quae,,.s INaTITII. TION, Hope House, Hope st., Liverpool. Telephone 2570, Royal. Telegraphic„ address, Nurses '

KENT & SON, JEWELLERS SINCE 1760 70, DBANSGATB (opposite Barton Arcade.) MANCIIMSTER, ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE OF SPECIALITIES POST FREE ON APPLIOATION.

MR. W. CROSBY and RELATIVKS OF THE LATH MRS. W. CROSBY wish to thank all friends for their kind expressions of sympathy shown to them dur- ing their sad bereavement.

HENRY ILES, Detective and Confidential Agent. —lf you want an object accomplished apply to Henry Iles, who conscientiously undertakes all personal matters with tact and ability.—Address 68. KELLETT RD Bri2LECII. London. SW. Telegrams' liestism," London.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz, 00VERLETTE 1 TAILS OF } noM HAIR FRAMES, PURE 5/6 FROM 3/8 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

ENOLISH TOMATOES __GI). per lb. BLACK CURRANTS GREENGAGE McDERMOTT4 Cheapest Man Alive, Wholesale Market, Warrington.

R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (CuPi HIDE) From 20s. Od• LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. Od. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL CENTRAL BUILDINGS, 4IA, NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

DAY'S SPRING MATTRESS IMPROVER For makingold, and otherwise useless Mattresses, equal to new ; can be attached in a few minutes by any person. Mr. MADDRNMadden's Restaurant. Portansouth,writes:— •• Can thoroughly testify to their usefulness, and strongly recommend same when wire mattress has become weak " PRICE, complete with directions and diagram for fixing, carriage free to all parts. 3s. ed each. WA.RRINGTON WOVRN-WIRR COMPAf Y. LTD., 324, COMMERCIAL RD., PORTI;IVI 00TH.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST HVER MIMIC TO Mt PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CA.NISTERS 5n., lOD., AND is. SD., tACU WHOLESALE BY J. GEDDES it SON, LTD, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1833.

QRITISII AND FOREIGN WATCH SUPPLY IL" COMPANY, 15. GOR PIAZZAS, MYRRPOOL • A SINGLE ARTIOLIS AT WHOLIidALB YRIOI4. Rolled Gold Waltham Hunter, 38s. ; 10 years gwirante Rolled Gold Waltham Huoter(open facelwlth any monmfrara. 325. ; 10 years' guarantee. Rolled quid Curb Albert (single), Is. 6d. (double) 56., 10 years guarantee. Nlct,el plated Watch (good timekeeper)—not a toy, 4s. 9 Carat Ladies' Gold Keyless Watch, 255. ; 5 years' warranty. 1 Jarat Ladles' Gold Keyless Watch, beautifully enamelled, 325. 6cl ; 5 years' warranty. CHRQUBS and MONRY oßmoty PAYABLE to A. ROCHE, Biansger..Mention paper. Term.: remittance with orders.

LANGLANDS' SAILINGS TO GRE KNOCK AND GLASGOW. 1 " PRINUESS LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMER. From LIVENPooL (Clarence Dock.) From GLASGOW Sat July 28th 3 p.m. Tues(.l3' Julyu i North Spit:me). Thurs.Ang. 2nd 8 p.m. Sat. Aug. 4th 2 p.m. *5.2s p.m. Tues. Aug. 7th 11 p in. i N3Lt222-1328M, 7 Thurs Aug. Atil 2 p.m *MO 0 in. Sat. Aug. Ilth 3p m. TuPs. Aug. 11th 2 p in. *7.5 P.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Ventral). Special reduced through tickets from War: ington,Wldnes Ac. Single, lat Cites and Cabin 111. 6d. ; Steerage 61. Return (valid for two Simile. 3ad Class and m Cabin 185. ; 3rd Class and Cabin, 175.onths) Ist Class and 2,lol`v.—The above fares include the railway journey between Greenock and Glasgow (Central). Special l4 days fCscursion Tickets : 1.)..b1n 145., Steerage Ss. 3d, 31. LANGLANDS AND.. „ 14, CROSS STRART, MANG 4145THR. 10, RUMFORD PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

DUBLIN, ALSO ENGLI3II LAKES TEDCASTLE LINE. " BLACKROCK," " CUMBRIA," " ESL XNA," and " ADELA." from SOUTH SIDB NELSON DOCK, Liverpool Warp Tuesday,: Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, to DUBLIN. RETURN SALOON. ; STEERAGE, 55.; with Cheap Excursion Tickets EVERY , SAILING DAY. to Bundoran. Bray, Wicklow, Sm. ; also on Fridays and Saturdays to Killarney, Cork, dtc. The fast S.S. BLACKBOCK from LIVE Y)POOL Tuesdays and Fridays, and from DUBLIN Mondays and Wednesdays. SHORT DATE TICKETS on Fridays to DUBLIN. Including Rcturn Saloon Fare, Hotel, Meals, 3:c., as advertised 3 days 275. 6d. or 5 days 425. 6d. SrECIAL ROUND SEA TRIP. per "Cumbria," Every Saturday, to Whitehaven. giving 31. days for English Lakes, thence to Dublin,and back to Liverpool (6 days or 2 months), Saloon• 204 as per Sailing Bills. Apply TEDCASTLE, McCORMICK, A CO., LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Telegrams, " Tedcastle." Telephone 975.

A UNYQUE OPPORTUNITY. THE MILTON PAPER 13L1ND COMPANY, OREATHAIK STREhT. WT HARTLEPOOL, will send to any address in the United Kingdom, carriage paid, on receipt of poltal outfit. for ONE SHILLING THREE Full-sized, High-class PAPER BLINDS BDGED WITH REAL LACE, WONDERFUL VALUE.

11. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY ST., (LEGH ST., CORNER), WARRINGTON. HIGH-CLASS TAILORING AT A REASONABLE COST. UP-TO-DATI4 LADIES TAILORING A SPECIALM,

CLEARANCE SALE NOW PROCEEDING. BARGAINS IN EIOUSEHOLD DRAPERY, CURTAINS, LINENS, BEDSTEADS, BEDDING AND FANCY FURNITURE. DRESS TRUNKS, GLADSTONE BAGS, HAMPERS, BASKETS, AND ALL TRAVELLING REQUISITES CONSIDERABLY REDUCED IN PRICE. E COATES 72, BRIDGB STRBET. , WARRINGTON.

THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT'S GOOD CLOTHING SHOULD BE WORN BY EVERYONV, YOUNG AND OLD. THE M.C.D.'s CLOTHS ARE ALL MADE FOR HARD WEAR. NONE BETTER. Well cut and trimmed. Well made and built up. Smart and up-to-date and always keep their shape. Extensive Stock to meet the views of everyone in Mens' Youths' and Boys'. Every variety ; to please at prices no one can touch for Quality and Finish. SUITS TO MEASURE, 28/6, 33/6, 39/6, 45/- SPLENDID VALUE. MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

.ESTABLISHRD 1838. RICHARD jEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERIDOL, ftltillit MAKER AND CPHIBT BBLLBIL A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, ao. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLBOTIOE OF FROXOGNAPILS for Crystolenm and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS, Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

J-0 TIN LUNT, BiAliall'NJTo7.. I EA/lON-AL CONTRACTOR. EXPERIENCED MEN EMPLOYED. ESTIMATES FREE. TELEPHONE No. 107.

PITBLIC BENEFIT BOOT CO., LfD. FOR GOOD BOOTS. UNDEIi, THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET; WARRINGTON.

THE UNION BANK OF MANCHESTER LIMITED. I ESTABLISHED 2ND MAY 1836. NOMINAL CAPITAL £2.500,000 I PAID-UP CAPITAL £550,000 'SUBSCRIBED CAPITAL 1,250,000 I RESERVE FUND 327.010 /30A50 OF DIRECTOTtS.—a. C. HAWORTH. Rig, Chairman; Sir ANTHONY MARBFIALL, Deputy-Chairman; H. M. ADDET, Beg.; J. R. OLIVE% Req.; MICHAEL OLBABE, Esq.; CHARLES BEHRENS, Big. ; Colonel CHARLES H. FRANCE-HATTIURsT, DL.; ALLAN H. BRIGHT, Esq. (Liverpool). Head Office. YORK STREET, MANCHESTER, . General Manager : P. PORBESTER. Assistant Peneral Manager, E. aiTnNe. LOCAL BRANCHES. i Manager. . KNUTSFORD • King Street, NORTHWICH . Carte Street and Win- B. Burgess. niugton Striet W, Moss. HOLM. RS OH APE L F. N. Bill. MIDDLIIwICH : High treet E. Platt. ALTRINCrHAM The Dows.s W.N. Agar, WINSFOED : 57, High Street A.^loreton HALE : Victoria Road BROOKLANDS : 228, Marsland Road W.N. Agar Dr. BALANCE SHEET, 30th JUNH 1003. Cr. £ s. d. E a. d. To Capital 550,000 0 0 By Cash on Hand, Call etc. „ Reserve Fund „ Current, Deposit, and other Accounts 4,246.P83 19 9 „ Bills or Exchange 621,8 10 18 8 „ Accepted Bills, Open Credits, etc 438,238 7 7 • Balance of Profit and Loss Account „ Advances to Customers A 144,595 18 6 „ Accepted 13111 s, etc., as pe c0utra....... ..... 438,238. 7 7 „ Bank Premises and FurnitUre 255,418 9 7 £5,697,468 3 0 £5,597.468 3 0 . . JONES, CREWDSON A YOUATT, Auditors. MANCHESTER BRANCHES. 8, Ardwick Green 12, Norfolk Street Salford' Broughton Bridge 2. rixt,ird Street (St, Peter's) Salford Cattle Market Chew ham Hill 137, Oxford Street Seedily and Weaste Corn Exchange, Pendlebury Straugeways 166, Deansgate Piccadilly 242. btrettord Road, Hulme 314, Deansgate Frey wich • 50, Seoran Street Gorton Royal Exchange ' Salford Docks Irlams-o-'th'-Height . COUNTRY BRANCHES Accrington Brooklands Heywood Nelson ~ Southport eilderley Edge 113,rn:ey Hollin wood Norden . Stockport Altrlncham Burnley, Caine Road Holmes Chapel Northwich . • Summit Aehton-in• Vakerfield Bury Horwich Oldham . Tykiesley Enuteford Radcliffe Ashton-under-Lyne Chur, la Warrington Blackburn Caine Lees Reddish Whitworth B'ackley Did . burV ' Leigh Rochdale Wilmslow Bolton Farnworth Litt't borough homily %insford Roothatown Hale „ Middleton Roytcn Withington Brierfield Hea..riley " Middlewicla Shaw Woodley LIVERPOOL BRANCH: 45, CASTLE STREET.

-r, .11. HE WARRINGTON EXA MIN FR. IsrOw PUBLISHED ON FRIDAY 'AFTERNOON, —PRICE ONE 'PENNY— AND IS ON SALE AT THE VARIOUS NEWS- AGENTS AT ABOUT 4 O'CLOCK. SHOULD ANY DIFFICULTY BE EXPERIENCED IN GETTING THERPAPER THE PROPRIETORS WILL UNDERTAKE TO _DELIVER -A COPY AT ANY ADDRESS IN WARRINGTON BY 6 O'CLOCK;ON FRIDAY AFTERNOONS WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE. Addreaa all communications to EXAMINER OFFICE, HEW SEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

S. FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON WATCHES, CLOCKS, jpWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

ACCIDENTS OF ALE. RINDS. SICKNESS, EMPLOYRRS' LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTRIS RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THII RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1,000,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,010,000 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAL Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE, 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented aistricts. AGENTS. Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr, W.H. RlGBltY,Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd..Latchford 'St Helens Mr. .1. B. ',HACH, Hardsnaw-strect Hadyock Mr. J. BILLINGS The Willows Sandbach ..................Mr. F. J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

FIVB SECOND-HAND PIANOS (RETURNED FROM HIRE). FOR SALE. CASH OR BASE PAYMENTS. GUARANTEED 10 YEARS. TUNED FREE 12 MONTHS. Bo WADS WORTH'S, 69. SANKRY-STRBET, WARRINGTON,

ft .I.II.AGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 21. M., 35., 4s. 813., AND ss. 8D J. O. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREARING DAILY.

OWLING GREEN BOWLS. BOWLING GREEN BOWLS. GE. AND THOS. RO.YLE• BOWLS FOR BOWLINE GREENS, 42 SACKVILLE-STR KRT. MANCHESTER. Nat. Tetephone, 2924. SEND TOR PRICES AND SAMPLES.

rrtlE LINCOLNSHIRK RESIDKNTIAL SCHOOL of Cookery and Household Sciences. Girls trained as Lady Cooks or Helps; happy home; careful training.— Apply to Ihe Principal, who holds a full Teacher's Diploma, Mies EVERARD, " PArk House," Louth, Lincolnshire, SOUTI3PORT I‘IOI)ERNT SCHOOL.—A. FIRST- CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYS. HBalthy locality. Splendid new buildings. Large staff, inclvding 8.A., B.Sc., de. Racellent results. Recent distinctions in languages and science. Head Master : J. C. Underwood, A.C.P., F.R.G S. (Reg.)

SMOKE SIMLOW'S " OLD BOY'S' TOBACOO. COOL AND LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE 1.11. 7D. PER LB. TIN; 6s. PER LB. T. Supww & WHOLESALE AND RETAIL/CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 414 Y.

ROBERT LOWE. ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER, k VALUER Office and Salerooms No. 1, BANK-SUBMIT wARBINGToN. TELEPHONE, No. 55. MOH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED ?OR SALE. New rid cond-band Farnitnre and other Goode constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture. &a.. warehoused.

ID INGW ORM CURED ; use Porter's specific, Is. 31. and 2s. 9d. bottle, post tree, plain package. 1113 strengths, state the age An unfailing remedy for this dlsease.—POßTEß &CO Ely, Cambs. A LL DISEASES CURRO.—Free Treatise, worth Its. ;3. Indigestion, Wind, Epilepsy, Heart Disease.A.lcoholism , &a. Free on applioation.—PnoPntrron " World's Pills," 49, Hanway st., Oxford it., LOndoo, W.

TTHI IfieTAINIT TOOTHACI4II MINH. by means of the Pascaltoe," the most marvellous of remedies (free from anything injurious), which will strengthen your teeth and set them right P.O. Is. 7. to P. SERRA, 11 St. Margaret's rd., Hoist Twickenham.

4 CLHAH. Healthy Skin Reamed by the use of Cud tIIL Ointment. It cures Fesems, Itch, Barber's Rash. Pimples, Freckles, Hestspots, Scc.. after a few applications. Any akin trouble rapidly vanlehee before it no matter hog long-standing. Is. Sd. post free from The OURIL Co., 6. St. Paul's rd., lottenbam,'N,

-IUICZRMA.—Sure. sate, effectual cure with herbs. Recipe A 24 free with list of heros and remedies. Postcard will do. —TRwAITES, herbalist, Stockton-on-Tees. CONSUMPTION. Bronchitis, Asthma. Separate Remedy for each disease, Cures guaranteed, Thousands have been quickly and permanently cured, no case is hopeless, Specialist advice on all medical subjects absolutely free. Sub,tantial prizes offered to introduce our remedies.—A.B.C. REMEDY Co., 7, Highgate Hill, London, N.

THE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCK rON .1,01)(41 Stockton Heath, Warrington. —Day and Boarding School for (Sins, Kindergarien. Preparatory School for Boys. PRINCIPALS. THIS MISSES PARTINHTON (late of 23, Wilion Patten streets. Prospectuses, on appPnlloa. SIXTY-SIX SUCCESSES IN 21 YEARS. NO FA IT.IIIMS. The next Te•rn will commence on Thursday AprP 25th.

ERNEST' VILKIS, A.L.C.M., Professor of iii Musio,Orgnnist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificate, and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' praotioe.—For terms apply 134. LOVELY-LAN& Warrington.

AIA Li CEI ESTER ORAAMAic SuI:IOUL. FRE 49. AND £5 ss. PER 9.ERM. THE NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, SHP. 19m. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, MONDAY, SEPIRMBER 17TH .s.T 9 .a,ar. Prospectuses, Forrns of Application Arc • inalv be 1144 the school. The boarding houee in e.rnuectlun with the school is situated at Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX. Receiver.

\AT ARKIN GT(I N ORAMMAK !SCHOOL— ', THE NBXT TEEM will begin on THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER ara. Tho Headmaster will be at the School to interview parents on Wednesday, September nth, from 11 to 1 and 3 to 6. NEW PHYSICS AND CHEMICAL LABORATORIES, WORKSHOP, LECTUNH HODES, Szo. Preparatory Form for boys from S to 12 yeara.of age. PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION.

TTFARMBRS.—One McCormick's Self Binder, never been used, all complete, £l7 10s. ; a quantity Jeyes Sheep Dip, 2s• 6d. gallon.—Apply sPtaNGFIFLD POULTHIC FARM. Bros way, Blackpool.

I T E T OFF 1011 at AlB ENS TER BSTABLISII&D IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON hare ha 4 more than ae years personal experience in connection with this Establish went andpossesspractiaalknowledge of the oottomwoollen awl iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 84, "'Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price Is. %SORGE DAVIES, & SON, P.1.P.A., M.S.& 4. ST. ANN S BQUARB,IIIANCIHESTEII.

T. GEORGE'S IRON. WORKS, LIMITAD (late Ormerod 17 Grierson and Co.), Hulmes, Blanchester, have the Larges Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. in addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Pulley and Tooth Block Patterns an., belonging to the late Henry Wren.and London•road Iron Works, Manchester, and are in a positiou to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and ir ulley Pattern. on application. B.T„ No. 229, Manchester: Teirgranbla arldrass: Ormenvi Gr.areon. Manchester."

HUGHES BROTH HMS, PAWNBROICHRB, FURNInHER6 Ere., 116, 118, 120, 125, and 127, BROWNLOW-HILL, LIVIMPOOL.

A 2"4-CT. tiOLD WBDDING fIING ERRE. We will present absolutely withoet charge a Government- stamped 22-ct. Gold Wedding Ring to purchasers of Furni- ture to the amount of £l2 and upwards at our reduced advertised prices for a short time only.

I3IsDROOM TAB —39 s 6d, watuut ou,uur a-urairjr dressing chest. with large mirror, tilo-back washstand with towel rail ; others at bt's 6d, .3 bevelled mirrors. and a pair with side-wing mirrors at The. ; other's in burr Walnut up to £B, at ti UGHRS B I{o R.

J 4 4 —bond walnut, bIDkBOARD, lofty plate-glas S. mirror back, bpnchomely carred ptclitnen and carved drawer and cupboard front; also one In Oak at Lb 10s ; and one in mahogany at £9 17s 6d ; others In atalned walnut from 39s 6d. See our wfneows before o,.c4ding.-1-10014148 1040,1.

Blab, klistinlKAD, raiall °Transit isids.i..ihrsa°, NEW. 39 THE LOT COMP E. LET—Splendid Brass- -4., 4,6 D. rail Bedstead, Spring Mattress, with 4 cross- bands and pitch-pine tides and full-size Wool Bed, Bolster, 2 Flilowo; quite new and clean. Also a very fine BED Including heavy Feather Bed, massive brass- mounted bf-dstead and spring mattress, only 59s 6d the let.— HUGHES BROS., 116 Brownlow-hill, 8 Brass-rail BEDeTRAD, full size ; also superior s. l/D. quality Mattress to fit; only 6. 61 ; soft Flock Bed and two Pillt,ws, new, 6s 11d. Hair Mattress, 20s. 19s 64—Heavy Feather Bed, in clean linen tick. 24s 64—Solid Oak Dining Table, three loose leaves ; also one in wattut and mahogany ditto, cheap. 15.—Walnut Overmnutle, bevelled mirrors. 15s—Loo Parlour Table, solid Mahogany, Hatstand, 35t. Ns—Walnut Wardrobe, nice carved mirror door. 21s (cost 65s)—Keyworth Wringer, good order and condition. 39s 64—Chiffonnier Dresser, bevelled mirror back, like solid walnut; another 455, and one white top. les 6d. 69; 6d—D randtat her long case Clock, nice mahogony case ; good oraer. Kitchen Chairs 1 rom Is 64. Table with two leaves, 6.64. Pans, Pots, Oilcloth, &a. Furrt'sh Thrtughout Eismomically at HUGHES BROS., Pron,nbrok e... 116 to 127, Brownlow-hill. Tiverpool.

E200U.,0t:. OE AUULo, uteri abd seennuhand ; alto mall Machinery. otamim* pd.cume ftnel bite, r. 4 101 ; WOodWorneeil .1./JL Trimmer, £3 ; Bench end Vics,, 17e &I.

uINaR'S ,UOL,n. ioriened Us mce condition. el consisting of saws, planes, chisels, hammers, trace and bits, also many other useful tools ; 'prase only 281 6d Also another, price 28e. Tool Chest, 8s 6d and 14. 6d. Plough and Bits, only Be. Also several others. weston'. Patent Fully Blocks, with 40ft. of chain for heavy weights. only 17s 6d, Capital strong Hand Truck, for warehouse, only 6s 9d. And large Barrow, pri^e 6. Ed. Strong necondhand Leg Vice, price only 6. 6d ; another, 14s. Portable Bellows oorke. price 38e 6d. Bellows, 17s 6d. Secondhand Anvil, 17. 6d. ilacellent Fan Forge, only £2 be. Joiner's Cramp, tis 6d. Glazier's Diamond, 3s 9ct and Eis 6.1. brnall Lathe, 255, Platform Weighing Machine. Avers's. 405., reales tor al' trades. Coal and Gas Cooking arid Keating Stoves, large stock. Potato Cleaning Machine,large size, 255. Hydrometer and Book, 2s. Garden holler, 15a. Green Lawn Mower, cheap. t.trong Banoed Fireproof S.fe 255. koll-top Desk £5. Drilling siacbioe, 1. ; *leo a powerful one for haud or reiscer, 404, Ponct.ing Machine., Pre.so., Ao.. dm.

. , " I a , 1 r.„....- ,- ''-':.' '1 • . .. " ei- • A ..li, -,`!;. '''-' -•-• '' : ' 'Mr' '' # .- ---•.i....,.4,- V illitl - A ..,. ii.v -- ge, , , ;A4l .•• .A... • _w _ Summer Sale. • Our Summer Sale is now drawing to a close. ' The Great Bargains offered at the beginning are now gone ; " BC'T " in order to give late comers a chance, and in order to effect an abso- lute clearance of our summer stock, the remains of our Blouses, Millinery, Costumes, Skirts and Belts have just been re-marked and are now offered at ridiculously low prices. Don't miss the opportunity. See Windows. W. T. Williams, White House, Sankey Street, WARRINGTON.

DON'T MISS THIS SPECIAL OPPORTUNITY. Important Sale—Great Reductions Monday July 2nd to Saturday Aug. 4 (inclusive) PIONEER Furnishing Stores, Bold St., Liverpti 01. Isnportnnt concessions. immense Stock. C,114-31-1 OR EASY /TERMS. Send for Special Sale and other Catalogue.

MAZAWATTEE • TEA Pure. Fragrant. Recalls the Delicious Teas. of 30 Years ago. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS.

N4.\•1111, f // fsf • .'• k ,1 \ KIN , 1 1 , V.i.i. 0 'i, I , fles t... -• -;'?'l•4si , . ...',., .. Sunburns, .4 ."-- 0- `-.4‘? heat swellings, .: . . ---A-2-. s . ' .1,., 5 .-- rashes, chafings, .• ••=t24 , ,-,-,.... blisters, sore feet, -ir peeling skin—a ent 1 , hundred and one summer skin troubles may be prevented or cured by judicious use of Zam-Buk. The purity of this balm enables it to sink deep into the tissues, and the power of its rich herbal ' . esseaces—skin•medlcines got from Nature's own store—maintains real skin-health. Zam-Buk is de- lightfully cooling ii soothing, too— -1 . THE BALM THAT SUITS ' THE SEASON & THE SKIN. ewii..? ~ 2,1 • ' 'I i " a "RUB IT IN"

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the Blood from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA. SCURVY. GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS. ' ABSCESSES. BLOOD POISON, BOILS, . PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its effosto 1 are marvellous. Thousands ef testimonials of wonderful cures from all rarts of the world. Remember that this wonderful Medicine %%ALL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL SKIN &BLOOD DISEASES lOf all Chemists and Stores, 29 per Dottie. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS.

ICB (MEAN. —Beet makers use Kramorine,' guaranteed A pure,Eiample. making 8 gallons le. 1.1. 15 gallons 4s. led., carriage paid.—Bormt, Balboa Works. Derby.

BABIES (s IJAHDFiTT m /i, avoids babies falling from bed. Patent applied. 10 network coverings ; from Zs .B•Eavosrm Co., 2,5, Bretterioam rd.. Waltbamstow London.

Lt?INSURSLNOR BOOK, Royal London; old busi- ness ; price £llO ; collected In two days ; situate Northwleh and Wineford.—Apply to B. Ev.aas, at.. Crewe.

JJM. GOVERNMEN't requires G.P.O. lelegraphists, . borers, Clerks, both sexes ; thousands vacancies ; advice and booklet Iree.—Write SECRETARY, 17-,8 Queen's ro., Bayswater, W. SOFT CORN CURIC—Try the " Marvel ; instantaneous relief, hundreds of t.stimonials, 6d. only ; including postage—The " MARVEL " CORN CUetE Co., 17, Chase rd,, Routhend-on•Sea.

run )RE'S 310INTICY IN IT —Rerun,' nta by weight 1. experience unnecessary ; send Stam p for catalogue oldest est.blished.—COCHßANE'S WAREHOU SE, Regent rd. Salford, Manchester.

fRISH LINEIN DAMABK.—Tablecloth lengths, Household Linen Hernnants, send for 59. or 10a. parcel. Spl.ndld value. carriage paid.—A. HUBBELL, Linen Merchant, Wood- stock rd,, Belfast.

I OVISLY Coloured Posteards.—lle of Wight, 21. Is., post free. Splendid value. Splendid Penny Books for children, 63. doz., post (rec. Bright stories; good value.— Hazeldene, Sea View, I.W.

HOLLOWAY'd (Vinvires) bleat and Malt Wine for Annernla Debility, enriches the blood, strengthens system ; bottle, ls 6d. 2s. 9cl. o Cbemlste, or post Ism—HOLLOWAY'S WINE Co., 5 Water lane, London, B.C.

50 TARPAULIN SHEETS ON SALT, 19ft. 61n. by 131 t. 6in.. almost as good as new ; suitable for farmers or master earters; will sell one. or In lots to suit buyers.-12 .t 14, WILBRA CUM ST., Scotland rd., Liverpool.

IV HITE BUTTER PAPER 12. e. 6th per OWL Grease Proof, 22e. ; Cheese Paper. 10a. Cao Paper from 6d. ; Sweet Bap, loz Cope. 60. LOCO. LONGWORTH'S, Osk et. Thomas at.. Manches&er.

ri_ESUINIS INPOhMATION.—A Private Gentlecrisn, having knowledge of a horse that Is to win, will send name on receipt of P.O. Is. 6d. Send st once.—J. STRAKER, 165, Iflgh rd., Willesden Green London. N.W.

fiRICKKT. Tennis. Cycling, Fishing. and other sports.— State wants ; ask prices ; London quality ; satisfaction guaranteed ; reasonable prices • easy payments arranged where desired.—Fitcan, 13U. Tollington Park. London.

WON DESSIrUI. OFFEK.—Genuine hand-forged and specially hollow-ground Razors ; guaranteed the worli's finest shavers ; post free Is 9d. and 2s. 64.—THE CUTLICRY MANUFACTURING CO., Trafalgar It.. Sheffield.

MARKUT PEOPLIC, fent dealers, makers-op and drapers. Prints, Vciles, Mus!ins, Printed and White ; enormous varfety ; any lengths cut ; no jobs ; our goods always eachangea,)le.—Wairmeots, manurActurer, 3, Gore It.. Piccadilly, Manchester.

SUPUR FLU OUS HAlR.—Perfested Electrolysis (by Mr. Parkes Invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity for permanent destruction. Tha only met od which never disappoints By appointment only.--itamped envelope to Mr. Roas.wr X. PeForms. 2, Church it., Southport.

WIRH NAILS (Mixed), 81. per cwt, 28Ibs, 2s. 3d.; Screws, mixed. 28s. per cwt. ?Ms 71. 6d.; Wire, Cut, Wrought, and Malleable Nails Tr.,:ks, Rivets, etc', etc., wholesale prices.—Mtnuan NAIL WOrtICS, 25 and 26, ttea et., Brimlngbam, JOHN PYIVH. Proprietor.

To BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co.. with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Land. with siding to the railway. Sui,able for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J Rosins% 18, Fenwink street, Liverpool.

A PHOPITABLIS BUdI lllSS.—Cheao Wares for 6id. £1 Bazaars. Dealer 4 Auctioneers. Marketmen &c Cheap Crate Hawkers' Seconds. Barthenware, etc. 50) articles, all sound and saleable, 395. 6d. Complete Catalogue for those established or commencing 3d. stamps.—EtaTunts J. HULL (Dep. W. 8.), Normacot Road, Longton, Staffordshire. 3A NNGLIsH unrati WATCHHS, at /i_ v Wholesale Prices. Government hall-marked Silver Cases, ma•Le flat so they do not bulge the pocket. Keyless action, plate movement, compensation balance, jewelled ; a month's free trial. Warranted for 5 years, 30s. each —T. ADKINSON, Watchmaker. Ingrave it , Battersea. London.

5/ TO ICe. Bundles Itemnituts.—Ladies' bundles, ail- . dren's bundles. servant's. household, family bundles, no rubbieb ; carriage paid.--Bnowsr, Ninon House, West Mailing. Resit.

QPISCIAL OLKARANCH SALlf.—Five Bored eiklits, L.) Corded and Braided, In Black or Navy Serge. Unlined, 4e. 6d. ; lined, se. 6d. ; carriage pald.—Gko. KENDALL,Drefis Merchant. York rd., Wellingborough.

WTHY Britt into Banlcrnptcy ?—Avoid law expenses and publicity. We can effect private 'arrangements with creditors. We can give valuable, practical advice.—A.ll In difficulties should at once, in strict confidence, consult the PURCHASERS' PRoTECTIoN Co.-23 High Holborn, W.C.

GOLD KIN,. FOR Sa.Lts. -LINER BEER AND WINE LIcHNuEG HOTBL.--26 Bed- -12 rooms. Good connection; 400 barrels yearly. Owner retiring. Price for the Freehold, £2500. Stock. Fixtures, and Furniture at valuation, about £.OO. Part purchase- money can remain at 3i oer cent.—Address H. E.,78 Arundel rd., Great Yarmouth.

CIiCLES.-5,000 guaranteed Machine. 13.8. A. and Radte's nsw and second-hand from 255. ; accessories half-price. Send for 80-page Catalogue tree; wholesale prices ; eye- opener to all ;50 per cent cheaper than others. Agents Wanted.—WlßßlLOw is Co . Weston--super-Mare.

gru In FEHR WHRBL8,110.8; tin pitch ,Is. lid. each; 1../ 500 new saddles. beat leather. Zs. 6d. each ; 1,000 silver-plated handle-barn, 2s. 6d. each ; chains, bells, spanners. bags, lamps, prices right. Write for 80 page wholesale list, free.— WARRILoW & Co., Weston-anner-Mare.

REX 3.1 Motor Cycle, good order. £9 10a ; Bradbury 21. d!tto, as new, £l5 ; Humber 3-b.p. Fore car, free. engine £l9; Minerva 31 with forcer free engine £l9 ; Twin Rex, 6-6. with attecar, new £39 ; Motor Cycl-e, Foreman!, and Sidecar for Hire from 7a. ner thy. NORMINGTON, St. James-place, Liverpool, Tel 756 Y Royal.

24 18 a —Rare Bargain. Gent's High Grade _S. VD. Superior CYCLE, unused, and not soiled, new departure coasting bun, free wheel and back pedalling brake; also front inverted lever rim brake. A. Won Clincher Tyres, on silver-plated rims, with enamelled centres, beautifully enamelled and gold lined, mud-gnardr, lamp, hag, bell.spanner, oil-can and pump; lowest 24 18s 6d; only wants seeing; approval before deeidin.z.--B. HUMPHRIES, Shirley. Rilenborough Park. Westun-suoer-Mare.

eIYCLEI (bargain, maryelbus sacrift^e).— Gent's New Cycle, not need a dozen times, highest grade, best Pneumatic tyres and tubes, two rim brakes, inverted levers, latest 1906 machine; beautifully plated, enamelled and gold lined, plated rims, enamelled centres ; ball free wheel; magnificent machine; c.iish urgently wanted; £4 10s.; complete, with plated gas lamp, bell, bag, pump, kz.; approval before cash sent.--M. House, Elton, Ashoombe Park rd„ Weston-super-Mare.

MOTOR-CAR INSTRUCTION AND MANAGEMENT. Driving, mechanism, repairs taught In specially equipped garage, fitted with gas engine, lathe, Ac., on either Petrol, hteam, or Electric Cars, by practical and experienced instruo tors, under constant supervision of a QUALIFIED ENGINBER. The course Is unlimited, and pupils are kept till they are thoroughly proficient and able to qualify for the Co.'s csrti- ficates.—MANeroNe MOTOR TRAINING Garage, 28 Victoria Street, London, S.W

J BA, STEER Is CO., 166, LONDON RD., LIVICRPOOL, .11. i have the following first-class Secondhand (MARI &MIS FOR SALIS at reasonable prices .- 4 Landaus (two with robber tyres). 4 Victoria' (one double victoria). 2 Large Waggonettes, carrying 12 and 14 persons. 5 Broughams, in capital order. 1 Liverpool Dogcart, suit 15 to 16 hands. 1 Pony Governess Cart, suit 12 hands. 6 New Governess Carts, various sizes and prices. Full particulars on application to 166, London rd., Liver- pool Telephone 2114 Royal.

It/r ARCONI Coils, Tyres, Oil, Dlnin Accumulators, 1. Pognon Star, Oleo. Do Dion, Aster Plugs ; tools Horns. Lamps (Paraffin and acetylene). Carbide, IPetrol ; all the latest; Repairs to all care. Arrol-Johnstot.o Cars The 12-15-h.p.. at £4lO, is equal to, and will maintain a better average speed than any :other make at £5OO ; have a trial free. THE LIVERPOOL MOTOR-HOUSE, LTD., 6, ATHERTON-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telegrams "Centurion." Garage • Day Free. Telephones 3 1828, 6850. 1 Night. J. WILSON, MANAGER.

LiOR DISPObAL, a Bargain, Gent's Coventry ball free 12 wheel CYCLH ; not soiled new at Xmas, silver plated rims, all parts beautifully plated on Copper, rim brake, new and up to date, not ridden more than 20 miles, best pneu- matic tyre@ and tubes never runctured. guaranteed all new, complete with plated gas lamp, bell, bag, pump spanner and oiler, also enamelled Mud Guards, cash urgently wanted £3 129. 6d, approval willingly. T. HnaBLND, Chargroye House, Ashcombe-road, Weston-Super-Mare.

TYCLR.—Marvellous bargain ever olered ; no use to ‘,./ owner ; Coventry high-class XI/whines ; New Departure coasting hub, free wheel, and back-pedalling brake, front rim brake, Clincher A Won tyres; machine not, soiled, and not used 12 times ; all accessories ; cash urgently required ; £4 lbs. 6d. ; worth double; will send on approval before cash received; genuine.—Apply to G. BLACKMoIIE, 2,oxford St., Weston-super-Mare.

II -r? U.NERGINE" LIP RW MOTOR SPIRIT GIVES INCREASED POWER Al4ll SPEED, WILL NOT CARBONIZE TOUR SPARKING PLUGS. AND GIVES NO ODOUR FROM THE EXHAUST. ENERGIEE " WILL REDUCE YOUR PETROL BILLS. IT ODES FROM 50 TO 80 PER CENT. FURTHER THAN OTHER FRTROLS. GIVE IT A TRIAL. " ENERGINB" IS FREE FROM ACID. SOLE AGENTS :- THE 6 6 EZERGINE " (British Agency) CO., 19, SWEETING STREET, LIVERPOOL.

PENKETH.-40013 HOUSill'i WITH GAROHNS, 3s. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per Week. IVY LODGB,FROGHALL LANS, reduced rent. 41, NEW ROAD, 4s. 9d. week. 65, WASH LANE, rent £l4 per year. LL STREET. OFFICIBS,kround floor. Also upper rooms. BAKEHOUSK, centrally situated, rent 4e. WOXROOMS near Bridge dtreet, rent ss. per week. 13, (*IN STRBRT. rent 41, per week. 83. HOWLIrY LANE. rent ss. per week. 15, CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. 3d. per week. Apply ROBERT Lowz, Estate Agent,rio. 1 Bank-street War- elnaton. Trdenhene—NO 65.

P 0 LET, good HOUSE In Derby-street, rent 4s. 6d. will 1 be cleaned for good tenant.—ApPlY WOODS & SON, colicitore, Warrington. TO LET GOOD 14 OUSE, Parker street, rent 355. month .1 clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS & Sox, Solicitors, Warrington.

A BERGBLB.—CAMBRIAN HOTBL, Pensarn. Abergele. 1. —The only Family and Commercial Hotel, under new management; good table and borne comforts, APARTMiSters and Board ; moderate terms.--Apply B. WOBRALL, Proprietor Cate of Bury).

AEOLIC:HAI ItHOSIZEIGH,-11 aBLOO LAKE HOTEL. Sportsman's holiday home. Adjoins sea lake, and surrounded by excellent golf links ; sea, trout, and coarse fishing ; bathing, boating, shooting.—Moderate inclusive terms from PROPRIETOR. BOARD-RRSIDENCR from 25s weekly,no extras, generous table.-47 UPPER BEDFORD PLACE, LOTidetn.

BLACKPOOL. 1/1 ACLEA.N'S PRIVATE HOTEL. 1,1 LANHDOWNE CRESCENT, NORTH SHORE. Finest position on Sea Front. Near Stations and Nortm. Pier. Late dinners (separate tables). Moderate Tariff. Telephone No. 0559. Apply PROPRIETRESS

BOARD-ENSIDENOR.—Lady living in Wirral, 4. miles (tom Storetor Station, four from Birkenhead, and from Heswalt would receive ladies or gentlemen. Pony trap gept.—HEITIIFIELD, Thingwell, Birkenhead.

HARVEY'S, " INGLEWOOD,' BOARDING &STAB- LISHMENP, 6, Derby terrace, Central Promenade, Douglas, Isle-of-Man. Finest position on sea front; magnificent views of the bay and headlands ; cars from Pier pass the door; late dinner ; ss. per day.—Mrs. HARVEY.

TLFRACO ABI.—TH II GRANYILLB, First-class BOARD 1 ING-HOUbß.—Grand eea views, comfort, sociability goon cooking; 42 bedrooms ; 1,800 references ; Mica. Guide gratic—W. R. VORTER. LKLBY.—MARLBRO' HOUSE HYDRO. Tel. 0172. Tern.a .1 from 30s. 6d. to 37s 6d. inclusive. Billards, Tennfs,aolf, T LANGOLLBN, N. Wales.—Tyn-y-wern BOARDING LA BSTABLISHedItNT. Late dinner, croquet, tennis, fishing. From ss. 6d, per day.

LANDUDNO.—BA,RON 1111,1, BOARDING RSTAB- I I LISHMENT, DitAIG-Y-DON ; private apartments if desired s splendid views ; two minutes from promenade ; moderate terms. -Hrs. Jamul.% '

J LANDUENO.—West End Private HOTEL and Boarding ILI Establishment ; charmingly situated ; good sea views ; large drawing, dining. smoking rooms; 40 bedrooms; table d'hote ; separate tables; excellent cuisine t moderate terms. —Ntanagerses, Miss SitiPmatr.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 1 71, RUSTON SQUARE. HoME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOB BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

PORT'SH ("The perfect place," " London Daily Blain IO —An ideal Holiday is ensured when you stop at one 01 the WHITE HOUSE HOTELS (Windsor, Central, Cool - hagee) ; moderate tariff, plentiful tables, enjoyable company clean and comfortable rooms. Write for bookIet.—HAMILTON AND CO., the White House. Portrush. Ireland

SOUTHPORT. HAY ES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CH APEL sTR ET. ES [MATES GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIES. PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEsT EsTABi ISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

DOUGLAS 1.0. M. YOU WANT A COMFORTABLE PLACE TO STAY WHILE ON YOUR HOLIDAYS—TRY JLUMBEE B DERBY TERRACE, CENTRAL PROMENADE. Stands In the centre of the promenade with magnifiolent views of bay and headlands. GOOD BEDS Beds from 21. GOOD ATTENDANCE Full board GOOD TABLE with every attention Satisfaction Guaranteed from ss. W. EAMON, Proprietor.

A PARTMENTS.—Farrobouse near Moors; lovely scenery /t and waiks ; Scarboro 7 miles ; good roads for cycling.— Address Mrs. Ron mow, Hills careen Farm, Hackness. Scalby, R.S.O.

BLACKPOOL.—CoMfortabIe Home for one or two ladies or married couple. In quiet and select neighbourhood ; every oonvenience.—Appty Mrs. Grafurs, 46, Wood- land Grove.

BLACKPOOL.—Pleasant homely ABM TSAISNTS, public or private ; delightfully it ; sea view ; seven minutes from station and piers ; beds 2s. per night for one or two persons ; stamp for reply.—liirs. BREIKELL. 11, Alexandra rd.

DLACKPOOL.—PubIio and private APARTMENTS, near entertainments ; board ss. 6d. per day.-4, LEOPOLD GROVE. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, or Talbot- road Station and sea ; bed 25.—Eang6, 43, Exchange Et., N.S.

BLACKPOOL.—Public and private APARTH 4NT S. sea view ; one minute Victoria pier and etation.—Mrs. INeinsm, 12 Withnell rd., South Shore. BLAOKPOOL, SOUTH SHOUH.—Comfortable APART- _II MIMI'S, le. each parson per night; minute to etation and sea.—Hre. KING, 66, Dean at.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs H. HoLmvi, Haberley House, 19. Cocker st., North shore. Public and Private APART- MENTS. Close to sea and Talbot rd., station. Terms on application.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTNE m RNTS, 1 minute from Talbot- road Station and North Pier. Is per night each person • With board 253. per week. Also private sitting- room.--Mrs. iiircrE. 2, Lord-st.

BLACKPOuL. SUPERIOR APARTMENTS.—HaIf a minute front Prom- enade three minutes from Talbot rd. HAWKINS, 9. PLEASANT ST., CLA.REMONT PARK. Telegrams Emergency.' Telephone, 0633.

LACKPOOL.—APARTMI.OII3, with or without board' • three minutes from Central Station and Sea ; bath, piano. Parties catered for.—Mrs. HARRY STAEICIE, 5, Palatine rd. (late of 58, Erdinglson rd.)

BLACEPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board. • Facing see. Close to pier and promenade. Sitting and bedroom. Comfortable for chil- dren.—Mrs. LITTLEmone, West House, Waterloo rd.

COLWYN BAN. Cardigan House, Greenfield rd.—Comiort- able APARTMSNTS, board if desired ; two mine. from promenade and pier ; 5 mins, from woods terms moderate; Special attention to invaliele.—Miss E. E. JONES.

(-10MFORTAB.E BIM and Sitting room : pleasantly slin- k./ ated : miles from Northwich • with or without board —Apply MIMI MOORE, Clogsball lane, Comberbach Bro:thwich.

DOUGLAS.-7. Stanley terrace. Broadway.—APAßT- M BETS with or without board; comfortable, homely ; near shore ; piano ; terms moderafe.—Mrs. Isisotn. OUGLAS, Isle of Man,—fiomely APARTMENTS at '• '1 he Annandale" 1 Church rd., Promenade. Board or otherwise. Reasonable tern:m-lElBs Esetrasm,PrOprietress DOUGLAS.— Comfortable APARTMENTS with or with- out board. Beds from is. 6d. per night. Trams pass from pier.—Mrs. WARD, RatiltbOttOM House, 8, Kingswood Greve,

\ °COLAS, ISLB OF MAN.-22. Destrzesue rd. (off L 1 Bursae; rd.) ; Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board ; tea, bed and breakfast 21e. weekly,— Mrs. SKINNER,

D OUGLAS.-THB MANOR, Belmont Terrace, 114. Circular road. APARTMENTS with or witbout board; beds from Is. 6d. ; tea, bed and breakfast, 3s. 6d. ; fall board from 4s. 6d. Mrs. SCREECH, late of the " St. Elmo."

DOUGLAs E , ISL OF MAN.—Comfortable and homely APARTMENTS, with board if necessary, in most central and convenient position ; two minutes from Prom.; moderate terms. THB MISSES CUBBON. Cheshire House, 17, Stanley terrace, Broadway.

DOUGLAS. SRA. VIEW. HUTCHINSON SQUARE (oft Brladway). COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS withfor without board Near sea. Horse and cable cue pas near square. Terms very moderate. MRS. ALT. SMITH.

G 0013 PAUMHOUBB APARTMBRTS. one 'sitting and two bedrooms to be Let; trout fishing obtiduable close to church and post.--Apply Mrs. livAxe, Brrriew, tdontiomery shire.

LANDUDNO.—COMFORTABLB APARTMHINTS ; every convenience; close to pier.—WEST END VILLA, °Mandl Walks. L LANDUDNO.— Beautiful Situation, 2 minutes sea; bath. APARTKRNTS.—Misses bTRATTON. Frondirion, R, seberry avenue.

LANDIMPO, Ashgrove, Borth Marko st.—Private I i PARTMHNTS, two minutes from pier and Great Orme. Central for all drive.. For terms apply Mn. J. ROBERTS.

PBNRHOS, Pwilhell.—APAßTMliNTS to Let, 2 sitting, 3 b,drooms ; near god and lea; house stands in own grounds; terms rooderate.—Mrs ELLM,Tsn-y-Fron. Penrhos, Pwilhell.

PRIVATis APARlMkTo.—lfaeing sea,elose to golf links, Eli station and P. 0.; safe bathing from door ; excellent cooking ; well reeommended.—Mre. DAVIES, Grosvenor, Borth, Cardiganshire.

QUABBOROUGH.—APARTMBNI'S. sea tront.—PEEL. 5, kJ Blenheim terrace. _ QOUTHPORT.—APARTYIHNTS.-5, YORK TERRACE, chester rd.

QOUIHPORT.-31iss HOLMES, Brigmtate terrace, oci. Batts et.—fm.llc and private Al' lit VA orgi's two minutes from promenade and Lord st. ; borne Comfort.; highly recommended; piano,

(I,OWYJN-ON-SEA, N. Wales —APARTMENTS TO LAST. House Commands beautiful scenery. One minute walk from sea and station. Golf Links ID minutes walk Good fishing in district. Good cooking and good attendance M. JONES, Wier Villa. Towyn.on-qe. Merioneth, N. Wales

T OWYN-ON-SEA, MERIONETHSHIRE "FAIRFIELD," 3, MARINE PARADE. WELL FURNISHED APARTMENTS. FACING SEA. FISHING AND aoLF. SAFE BATHING. MISS JONES.

FTLLSWATER.-APARTM ENTS for the season by kJ arrangement. Nh.e ettuation on tidewater, near Row- town. Pleasure boat. Good 000king,—BHARROW OITTA.GE, Pooley Bridge. Penrith.

WINDERMISH ni E —Furshed House, August or Septem- ber ; sittingroom, four bedroom (5 bele) ; or APARTMENTS, pleasantly situatel.—TreoN, Tbornborrow rd., Windermere.

WINDRIIMHAN.—PIeannt sitting-room and Bedroom to let near to and facing Lake Windermeie ; Bait couple, or two ladles ; attendance, Reasonable terms.— Mrs. BATESON, Bouth Lodge, °Linsey, Windermere.

£4O DOWN and £4O a year buys a commodious and Pleasantly situated residence next to Vicarage within ten minutes of steam and sea.—A.HlM9, 52, Hamlet Court rd., Westcliff.

VILLA.—TO BD SOLD or LSI', superior semi-detached Villa. just completed, in Marlborough Crescent, Latchford-without. Magnificent outlook, large garden : every modern convenience.—apply P. W. WEIGHT, Builder, 27, dt . Mary's at., Warrington.,

F• CR S&L.—Freetiold Brick and Stone Semi-detached Cottage, with 1 acre of land. Five good rooms, dairy, larder etc., good outbuildings ; plenty of water. More land if desired. Part can remain on mortgage, 5 per cent. Price £3so.—App ly H. BARNES, South View, Medstead, Hants.

GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. VP-TO-D&. GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. UP-TO-DATE. AGENTS FOR THE GUNN SECTIONAL BOOKCASE. GARNETTS' I4'URNITURE INEXPENSIVE. UP-TO-DATE.

Zig Oramtner *tries OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES : P-1111113 WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER 1 published every Friday afternoon. The principa and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Penketb, Winwick, Padgate, Lvmni, &e., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lancs. shire and Cheshire. The district aoverel by this Paper corn. prises a large trading and agricultural tract in booth Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. IrtHiti RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Friday 1 afternoon. It is the beat weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest ,facilitiet to Advertisers. glint WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Friday 1 afternoon. Widnes contains the largest nnmber of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is rapidly growing centre of Industry THE EABLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER. 1 publiehed every Friday afternoon. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Eariestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Havdook, Lowton Sic. The district thus comprised is a most Important part of ttus Lancashire emit- ' fields. ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every 1 Friday afternoon, circulating in st. Helene. Preeaot, Parr, Sutton, Peastey &c.—the centre or the Olass, Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTISE VENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Thirteen Words. Wee, Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. sd. ... Is. 3d. ... 23. Oil. 3s. 94. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. 104. ... 3s, ... 56. Od. 36 Is. (A. ... 2e. 64. ... 4e. Od. 61. ed. ... Is. 3d, 3s. Id. ... 61. 7e, Cd. 64 ... IS. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... Bs. 04. ... 10s. 04.

. HoDGBINsoN, LTD., CLEARANCE SALR OF HIGH-CL tSS DRAPKRY AND FURNISHING GODD3. BRIDGE tt;TREET, WARRINGTON:

VAUXHALL GARAGE, LIVERPOOL (WHIPPLE k CO.) 32 To 36 VAUXHALL ROAD. EXPERT EXAMINATIONS AND REPAIRS. SUPPLIES AND ALL ACOESSORILIS. Telephone 6329. Telegrsms t—" Whipple." Liverpool.

LOVELY-LANE JUNIOR. C.C. V. PIiNKETH JUNIORS.— Score.— LOVELY-LANE. PENKETH. H. Maybury c Dutton b H. Daintith 1)- H. May- Daintith J. Nunnerley c Foster b E. Foster b Millington 0 Daintith C. Maybury c Dutton b ton 0 B. Foster ll W.Deakinb Millington 0 A. Jones St A.Webb b E. B. Foster b Millington 5 Foster IJ. Millington run out 1 Maybury A. Pearce bE. Foster ... 1 W. Dutton c Pearce b A. Warburton run out ... 2' H. Maybury 1 ' J. Pardoe c Daintith b E. Keukrick c H. May- voster H. Warburton lbw b E A. Webb bH. Maybury 1 Foster 0 W. Webb c Jones b) P. Smith not out E. Daniels bB. Foster... 0 C. Sherrat not out 0 Extras Total 0 Total ST. PAUL'S V. WALKERS' BREWERY '2ND.—Played at Arpley. Score : ST. PAUL'S. WALKER'S BREWERY 2ND. Gardner b Messiter Mann lbw b Messiter ... 0 Leigh c Swift b Forster 0 Mason c Knight b Leigh 2 Tilling b Lawless 5 Lawless b Messiter lB Cain c Downing b Booth b Messiter Bate c Griffin b Cain.,.... 8 Kelly c Swift b Forster 1 Seed b Cain l2 Griffin b Forster , Forster b Cain lO Tomkins b Forster 0 Ward not out Swift not out Downing did not bat Plinston st Ward b Forster 0 Stokes b Forster Extras 4 Extras 6 Total (for 8 wkts) ... 78 Total,. 2l FAIRFIELD V. ST. JAMES'S 2No.—On Saturday. Score : ST. JAMES'S f.ND. FAIRFIELD. Holland b Carman 1 Bramhall b Aukland ... 2 M. Aukland b Bramhall 6 Wadsworth b Wright... 1 Wright c and b Bramhall 1 Ditchfield b Aukland... 0 Booth b Bramhall 0 Woods b Wright 3 W. Aukland b Bramhall 0 Taylor c Ashcroft b Davenport b Wadsworth 0 Aukland 1 Gibbs nand b Wadsworth 2 Smith b Wright 0 Bodle c Carman b Brew- Carman c and b Wright 0 ball Wooden b Bramhall 0 Booth 5 Maim b Wadsworth 0 Horrocks run out Ashcroft not out Smalley not out... Extras

.....porilllllollll4oloo_lll ottilmillii 1 1 lat kl..i 14:44111 Ors' IT: AT...h_R e to ‘ I) lil;:410 ~ m - • „,.. . ..... „. ~ Co LNIA' ''S , gall ifi i.ood.Ci: ; . key , ~......11biii 1 1'i11iit.......,..4.e,. ironing. , i

• 10 An excellent Food, admirably adapted to the wants of infants and young persons." —Sin CHARLES A. CAMERON, CD.. M.D., t, Professor of Chermstry, R.C.5.1., Medical Officer of Health for Dubltts, PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO thl.M. THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA. 400.040, iry

4, 4 110) , -;_,- „,,,,,:\ ~...... 4, 't d•p,,,. .•-• ,I,‘, , , J - 0.1 . I HOW TO 8 MAKE GALLONS PRIME BEER (Non-intoxicating) IN YOUR HOME. MASON'S EXTRACT ... ... £0 0 5 Sugar ••• ••• ••• ••• ••• 0 0 91, Yeast or harm ... ... ... ... 0 0 Is 8 4114 t'S 0 02 = 2d. PER GALLON. Public Opinion: GOOD! IT'S MASON'S. No other Extract makes Beer like it. Send 8 &Imps for Sample Bottle, or Postcard for address of nearest Agent. A small Pamphlet, "Hints on Brewing," sent post free on receipt of Id. Stamp. AGENTS WAN TED. NEWBALL & MASON, Nottingham.

Sankey Bridges-7 13, 945 a.m. 12 7, 28,3 31 58,0 a, 72, 918 p.m. Sundays 8 26 a.m. 31, 8 6 pm. St. (L. N.-.V.)-6 20, 6 20, 6 55, 80, 8 30, 90, 11 le, 11 2;) SIB 1 0,1 32,1 55. 2 45' 150, 4 27, 4 33, 520. 6 25. 55, 7 25, S 50, 10 25, a 1045, all 35 p.m. Suadays 745, 750 a.m. 23, 6 55, 7 25, 95. a Saturdn:, a only. , Southport -8 0.9 5, 10 15. 10 40, 12 20,, 1 40. 245, 4 5. 4 10, 5 25,7 30,8 5,a9 5. 10 o.Sundays 9 0,2 0, 8 0, aMondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays only. , Thelwall-7 51, 8 .36. 8 18, 9 38, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, al 41, 2 9, 2 55, 3 34, 4 22 b 5 35, 6 3,6 45, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. 2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-a2 ;9,, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17, 9 54, 100, 11 38 a.m. 125. 1 26, 2 30, 327, 4 20,4 56. 520 6 55. 75. 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 50, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. • Widnes (C.L.C.)-8 17, 9 25, 10 9, 1015 a.m. 124, . 12 25, 1 20, 2 25, 3 34, 4 25, 5 15, 6 15, 715,820, 922 all 10 p.m. a Saturdays onlyt Widnes (L. and N.-W.)-7 2, 8 45, 9 34, 10 39, 11 55 a.m. 1252, 1 57,3 20,3 58, 455, 5 55, 6 50,9 6, 11 6 p.m. Sundays 814 a.m. 2 50, 7 54,11 6 p.m. PARALYSIS & NERVE WEAKNESS. Dr. Cassell's Flesh-forming. and' • Strengthening Tablets Are Guaranteed to Cure Partial Paralysis, • Spinal and Nerve Weakness, Increase Weight and Bodily Strength. A. W. Jackson, M.D., J. Blair, M.D., J.J. Gunn, M.Dt and many other medical experts certify to the extra- ordinary effect of DR. CASSELL'S FLESH-FORMING AND STRENGTHENING TABLETS fl all cases Of Partial Paralysis, and Nerve and Spinal Weakness. The effect is almost instantaneous. Abundance of medical proof and testimonials from all parts of the world. These remarkable tablets also cure the most pronounced cases of . WRECKED NERVES'. INDIGESTION • BODILY WEAKNESS NERVOUSNESS NEURASTHENIA LOSS OF FLESH ANLEM.IA PARALYSIS OF NERVES •No medicine exists that can be compared to them. You will feel brighter, stronger and healthier, mentally and physically after the first day. Ask for DR. CASSELL'S FLESH -FORMING AND STREN. GT HENING TABLETS, price 100. and 2s. 9d. per box. Sold by all Chemists. Manufactured by the famous Dr, Cassell's Co., Ltd., King Street West, Manchester. Advice free by letter. _ 4sto BOWLING. WARRINGTON WORKS COMPETITION. FOURTH ROUND. HOUGHTON'S WIRE WORKS. MONKS HALL NO, 1. J. Graham G. Rutter l5 J. Heywood l3 T. Foster W. Hill ll S. Massey l5 H. Houghton J. Goulden T. Harrison l5 J. Savage 5 A. Cooper l4 R.Bennett l5 ,N. Cook J. Harrison l5 T. Rigby S. Fletcher l5 R. Woods 9 W. Foster l5 W. Smilley 154 148 IMajority for Houghton's, G. CONSOLATION COMPETITION. FIRST ROTND. G REENING S. THE WLIS & GRIFFITHS. W. Patrick l5 J. Dagnall J. Welsby s 8 J. Hadcroft W. Bibby l5 Aliarper R. Clarke R. Straw J. Sudlow l5 W. Molyneux - 70 67 Majority for Greenings 3. WHITECROSS (1). CROSFIELDS (3). E. Gleave l5 C. Sutcliffe W. JOOOB l5 T. Welsby J. Massey l5 J. Watson T. Ellison l6 D. Higham W.. Shaw J. Gleave, w.o. 90 27 Majority for Whitecross, 68. MONKS, HALL (2). CROSFIELDS (2). J. Rowlands Grimshaw R. Blaikstoek R. Deakin l5 G. Wilcock J. Watts P. Dendy 76 71 • Majority for Monks, Hall, 5. The match between Richmond's and Robiuson's was scratched, the last named team being allowed a walk over by their opponents. To-day's matches are :-4th round, Fletcher Russell (1) v. Sankey Wire Mills. Consolation competition, ' let round, Rylands (2) v. St. Helens Cable, Castle Rubber v. Warrington Wire Ropery, Guest's Tannery v. Rylands (4) P. and K. (2) v. Longford Wits, and Artingstalls v. P. and K. (3). No matches will be played on August 6th and the following is the pro- gramme for the resumption on August llth:-Fourth ' round of competition proper,Crosflelds (1) v. P. and K. (1), Rylanas (1) v. Whitecross (2), L. and N.-W. V. Penketh Tannery. NEWTON V. PRESCOT.-This match was played at Newton last Thursday. Scores :- NEWTON. PRESOOT. S. D. S. D. J. Crouchley 10)-15 G. Finning 'l'. Jackson E. Parkinson E. Martin lsll_ J. Case H Hockenhull IV. Bennett • 15( .1. Pa F, Walton G. Sturgess l5l J. Hutton J. Ireland l2 fl 5 T. Yates ,T. Lythgoe !T. Fairblough l5 14 J. Barlow W. Siagleton H. Morris IV. Walker . Parkinson S. Roscoe l5) '`" J. Henshall - - - - 222 96 168 79 Newton majority on singles Do. do. dounles 71 Less Prescot's majority at Prescot , - Majority on both games for Newton ; Wycliffe P.S.A.iSociety. The usual meeting was held on Sunday, when Mr Wooley presided, and gave a short, earnest address. Mr. C. F. Fielding, of Liverpool, spoke on the question of the Man in the Gospel : Master, what good thing must I do to inherit eternal life ?" He pointed out how Christ answered the question by relating the story of the good Samaritan who, in contrast to the priest and the Levite, extended his help to the wounded way- farer. Christ gave the injunction to"Go andldo likewise." The speaker referred to the need around them of extend- ing a helping bond, a loving wish, and a great care for the fallen. The earne-Aness and the deep feeling of the speaker greatly impressed the meeting, Mr. W. H. Payton, Mug. Bac., presided at the organ. Miss Jessie Farrar sang sweetly "Come unto Me " and "The Star of Bethlehem." The organ fund contribution was lis Bd.-51r. G. Colley and Mr. Joseph Owe,, also took part in the meeting.-The Secretary announced that next Sunday the open meeting would be held in Winwick-street Cooperative Hell at 3 p.m., and that the meetings would be held there until the re-opening of the Church. LIVERPOUL FIRE BBIGADE. The Fire Department of our principal seaport is one of the best equipped in the kingdom. It has the most powerful portable land steam fire engine yet built and, to enable fires to be attended with great promptness, is adopting motor engines. The fourth Alerryvieethe " Fire King " self propelling steamer has just beer delivered to Liverpool and, like two of the others, in fitted with a first aid chemical cylinder as well as with fire pumps throwing two tors of water per minute..

t- . K•IAIP ' . ‘' . 4 , .., 0,,,,, , 11,4„,, ~ ikcossip

,ilOl • ~,...._-_—_—_--.----: L-----._401'-----='-----.-7 M----., -_-------. r '''..- I .--r---- -'---- -__.=-.-- 1 ..............1 -----____ , Vr `; 1.• ~,.... M (4, ciZ 1 d I , , 11 , , , . \,.

CYCLES THAT STAND BIG TESTS

, t ~..4, ' ,-,' - . ' 'II r -tvd, ' Poil EIV"; rir-i r- 6.-. °......1.. :- , , mi ._..... -1; ,:, . t-1 ~.. --. -(0.... . Liu ..

Are the Cycles that best stand everyday wear. That is a fact proved by the history of Cycling and by the experience of all riders of the famous

The Cycles of matchless . :.'l'lllllP.lttr, excellence of quality and unequalled moderate RACERS, l price. They stood the big test of MR. G. A. OLLEY'S great ride from 6:12: Land's End to John o' Groats in 3 days, 20 hrs. POPULARS, 15 mins. without a single mishap, not even a punc- ture. They also stood The COASTERS, bard, everyday wear rallito I rvaennk ithemin postman,by l\r. A. f of J.O,G,s, wShoiopdt,onwh- ounde has ridden - rid\dVeynch - one of these cycles for 8 years, 9 tulles daily, carry- SEMI RACERS ing about 6o lbs. of letters daily. Total Seteel miles, 21,664 ; total weight, 549,760 lbs., and STANDARDS the bicycle still runs ' gatitS splendidly. Full details of these and many other big tests TWO-SPEEDS which prove these hi- cycles unequalled for rightness, speed, reliabi- lity, and durability, will be found" in the NEW e' i. Hudson Catalogue, the finest ever issued. Copies oa\s' sent anywire, post free. New Hudson Cycle Co. Id. : 52, Parade Mills, BIRMINGHAM, ,

GoddardS' . . '.Powder For CleaninjSilvereeetrokatek.. .501 d everywhere Ik2/6 & 4/6.

LOCAL ADDRESSES. F. CRABTREE:, Bridge Stree, War- rington. J. AUSTIN, 66, Ring St. Earlestown. W. COOK, & Co., 152, Peasley Cross Lane, St Helens.

Another Royal Juvenile Cyclist. The latest member of the royal family to become a cyclist is Princess .i.ary of IVales, whose tsvo brcktbers have ridden bicycles for some tune. Al•hovigh the ear,y rides of the youthful princess will beDrestricied to the grounds of Marlborough House, it is to he hoped that her participation i s the &aerating pastime may encourage parents generally t ; provide children with the mean on enjoying a healthful pleasure under suitable conditions. A Handy Touring Holdall, which is illustrated above, came under this writer's observation. It consisted of an outside cover of waterproof tweed, 14 in. wide and 28 in. long, with straps for closing it up and fastening to the saddle springs under the tool bag, which is left out of alas illustration to better indicate the means of stied'. rnent, which is by small straps fastened%on to a leather-covered, metal strip connecting the tow straps. This cost 2s. 6d., and in its original for contained no fittings of any use except the folding over flaps at each side. Specially small shaving and toilet kit were purchased and fitted into place by strips of elastic, pockets for spare stockings, handkerchiefs, shirt, Ste., were sewn in, and a thin jacket carried in the centre .enatiled the whole to be bound up intb a convenient symmetrical package. The Concealment of Weights. • It is to be regretted that so many makers of bicycles do not recognize the wisdom of publishing in their catalogues the weights of their various models. It may be argued that the variations ha frame sizes, tyres, and other details render this course inconvenient, and that an exact statement of the weight of a roadster for everyday riding, sold at a popular price, is not a matter of concern! to the intending buyer. But allowing for this I objection as regards the cheaper models, it seems 1 unreasonable that the public should be in the dark as to the weight of machines deigned fot pleasure, riding, touring, and light road work. It would be useful to the purchaser if he knew the weight of a 24 in. frame machine built to a given specification, as he could then form an idea of the increase or reduction involved by any alterations of frame, wheels, tyres, &c., deemed necessary: Of course, the particulars may be obtained through an agent, or on application to the makers, but surely the 1 aim of a catalogue should be to present complete. data respecting any particular machine to the slink cristinating reader.

ABSOLUTELY . \Yr FAULTLESS. Perfect material, work and finish, 'av every good modern improvement, eiei very low prime distinguish NEW RAPID CYCLES You should find out about them before making your choice. They have 30 years reputation and still lead for combined excellence and low price. Easy term. or good cash discount. Catalogues free. lew Rapid Cycle Co., Ld., Birmingham. LOCAL AGRNTS S. H. ANTROBUS, Padgate Lane, Warrington. CHAS. PARKER, Hough Lane, Widnes. T. GREENHALGH, 61, Darlington St., Wigan W. KERR, 26, Westfield Street, St. Helens. A. MORRIS, 172, Bradsbacvgate, Bolton. T. G. POWNALL, Liverpool Road, Sankey.

PADCATE. 44... THE NATIONAL ScHooL.—After negotialons extend- ing over three years the managers of the Padgate National School have at length completed the purchase of a piece of laud at the rear of the school premises at a cost of over £9O, for the extension of the school yards. Owing to the small area of the pla:vground the children have hitherto been allowed to play on the road, and, as several minor accidents have occurred,the managers have been anxious to provide ample space cchere the scholars could play in safety, hence the addition. It .is expeztted that, with the laying out, nailing in, and provision of new offices a further ex- pnditure of about two hundred pounds will be necessary. SEPARATION Ar LER ONLY TWO YP.AftS. After two years of married life Blanche Snowl.4ll, of Leinster Gardens, sued her husband at Runcorn on Monday, for a separation order on the ground of deser-. tion. In Whit-week he came home drunk, his mother- in-law upbraided him, and he left the house, and did not return. Since then he had not sent her a penny. He earned from ,C 2 10s. to £3 10s. per week.—ln June this year her husband wrote and asked her ta meet him at I Manchester to make further arrangements. Sue met him, and he left her just outside Manchester Central ! Station, went into a public-house, and gave her the: slip.—The magistrates suggested a conference, and I evenstrally a separation order was agreed to that the I defendant should pay his wife 10s. per week and the costs, £2 19s. 6d.

THOUSANDS ARE Using Bradford's 'VOWEL' WP.ahlng Machine FOIL WASHING AT HOME, 111111111glimejabour, and wear and tear of clothes. Illustrated Catalogue on application. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140 to 142, High Holborn, London; Victoria Avenue, Manchester; 153, Bold Street, Liverpool; Crescent Iron Works, Eialinsd•

. _ MERRY WE ATHER S rr,„,..., ........... ~),„ ~...,...._..., ;‘,.:449te• ...00,011,r,.4.45, 4 c' _I / ' CLASS. - GARDEN HOSE ' i 6:3 LONG ACRE.,LONDON. , , 4 LARGEST MAKERS OF HIGH • CLASS HOSE INI,THE WORLD

anis, CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC BELIEVING ALL PAIN AIM THROBBINC AND VION CURE 3 The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens Bn4 Removes all hard callositios on r h soles of the feet. If YOU sutler try a box, you will never regret it. Bones if 1. of all Chemists. M. Beetharq & Sons Chemist Cheltenham

, , ~ . , BLAIRIB . ..,..;; Nit ~., . ,* r:. A Plea'n 1' Safe and Effectual Cure for RHEUMATISM, LUMBAGO Gout & Rheumatic Pills. ~.I. GOUT, .111 i & 2/a. . ,1 " and NEURALGIA - .1..' '''',.'', • OE ALL CHEMISTS...4y, froZAL 4.- ~-.1"...4:- • : ~- , ,i7e,o3' 14: ••• , .t.13,44*-,, • . . ~. .. ..„• . . •

For Bilious and Liver Troubles, FRAMPTON'S PILL OF HEALTH Has stood the test of time, and is equally recommended for men, women and children. All chemists and Stores at 1/4 and 2/9 per box

J. H. DOVENER & CO.'S, Ltd. tzinvieornposoti , sN Ec DE SAC KS Best and Cheapest for POTATOES, CORN, BLo.

91f s a won dli-fu .o.erproor :t.r 8.,,),..7.:1,,,,,,,.}4,,rAvr D tog with blanking.."tLS. les tgt?ef; GOLD MEDAL. EXHIBITION HIGH BSI A Will t US. Dubbin Tins 3d.. 6d.,r /- 6,316 o/ Boot Makers, Saddlers, Ironsecone-ers &c. Manalaeterr East Didursch, London,

TOOTH-ACHE CURED INSTANTLY BY ' BUNTER'S Preveilteseti:,lleecsasyiliSstesspEreUriaocttir NEURALGIA HEADACHES NERVIkE and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Chemists, Is. lid. "As a specific for Toothache it hras no equal. I have used it successfully for year,"—Pßov, W,

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS. Registered No. 40,376 NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED. Used in the Royal Laundrlee. Fhould be used In every house. °nee turd, alitaya want cd. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW The greatest boon ever offered to the'Lanndress for tmparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, .Ic. It does not stick to spider-web-ilko materials. Sold everywhere In Packets at Id., 3d., and 64, each. PREPARED ONLY BY T. eRITOFILBY. eheatist. BLACKBURN. 7. Whlteoroes Street, London, ILCI. YOUR DRESSES 'LL IF .nt MADE ON OUR .1. ' • 43 Apply for Catalogue, ~ • Post Free. PARISIAN BUST CO 129 Regent Street, LONDON.

, 1.,. • A

..., ..,,„ , T I ,i:i e •TA 1 V '4 \I po i 1 LONDON FIADE. ' E 5 'BANK' WATCH : r dam. ~ - , It 1.',, z:',`, 4. 'A i THREE - QUARTER PLATE English Lever. BEST 4 , l',ll' LONDON MAKE. Chronometer Balance, Keyless action, A '7, i r• 1 .. 4 1. n Sterling Silver Crystal Glass Cases, £5. ;, , • ..t. , VI, (In Massive IS-t. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, £15.) / 'r;:"N•c'''' OR ON 44 che Chugs" \ syomTFEm ' ‘ , /, .. ~. 4.„).4.. ~.,. y, MONTHLY PAYMENTS :1.1.,..0.- ' „Mt asalsairkas X. 1.4001111 as Ems 4C.A.SIZEK. N.l, of lirat,hes, Chains, . _ 10/- Deposit with Order, 9 successive Payments of 10,- each for IMISTRATED n11:1607clic,"1, .. la, the £5 Watch. For Gold Watch, Monthly Payments of £l. BOOKS ric,P°37.lrist":Art"l:ll; Steam FREE. Factory: 62 & 64, LUDGATEIIILL, E.C. for Present.

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE. OF Ol4' GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. ' BY BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES ! ! 59, Mount-street, Northwood, "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " Hanley, Staffs, Mona Cottages, Jan. 6th, 1905. , Coalville, Leicestershire, Dear Sir,—My wife suffered from Rheumatism for s June 4th, 1904. long time, and could get no relief. She was a patient Dear Sir,—l thank you for the good I have received at the North Staffordshire Infirmary, but got worse,and from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two could not walk without crutches. I heard about your months ago and tried almost everything, but got no Pills from a friend, and bought a small bottle. AFTER better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that THE SECOND DOSE SHE DISCARDED HER CRU'TCHES, and AFTER TAKING THEM FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CURED was completely cured in &week.. After spending pounds I was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs your pills cured her at a cost of 2s. 3d. I shall recom- Being a miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks mend your pills to everyone-I know, and you can make to your Pills I have never felt the least pain since. I the best use of this as a testimonial if it pleases you to recommend them to everybody myself. do so. Yours trill y, irours gratefully, . GEORGE WRIGHT. JAMBS WRIGHT. , EADE'S GOUT PILLS - EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jnrious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, Is. 10. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is 10 and 25 9d, or sect post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Gosivell road London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. --- --- EADE'S GOUT (c....; RHEUMATIC PILLS,

Do You Know that more than half the sickness in the wand, especially of women, is caused by constipatioo It can be prevented if BEECHAM'S PILLS are taken whenffer nature calls for assistance. Comfort and happiness follow the use of Tr% l'f .., OP 9 ,- ~,g „. E, J 4 E W ~,, L „ L 4..„. . , THE HANDY HOME REMEDY. There's no secret about the value of BEECHAM'S PILLS as a family medicine. Thousands of families always keep a box handy—and it is the first resort in case of sickness appearing, being the "stitch in time" which prevents further trouble, and possibly serious illness. If you hi,ve not got a box of BEECHAM'S PILLS in the house, get one now, you never know how soon it may be needed. A dose taken when ailments arise will soon right the wrong and restore you to health and vigour. WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

REALIZATION SALE

being held with the SOLE object of reducing our enormous stock of FURNISHINGS of all kinds as quickly as possible to facilithte probate in connection with the will of our recently deceased proprietors. This is a genuine sale of Bona-fide Bargains at from 20 to 50 per cent. UNDER usual prices. Clearance, not simply profit, is desired, so no reasonable offer refused. Goods not required lam' ediately, on payment of a trifling depesit will be stored free any reasonable time and deliveied free as required. S r AMULL, PITTS, EXO p (,- LONDON.ROAD, b .--.; a 5 FiIIANCHESTER. Of FURNITURE, &c. ailllllolllllllll I

DIRECT. DIRECT. DIRECT DIRECTOne of the latest and best boots WAIIEHOU ever made for reliable wear is our noted MARI P.P.P. 10s. 6d. post paid. Specially made for Police, Postmen, Porters, and all others whose work requires a strong easy boot. Descriptions— Made of best r osslble stout Box Calf, Derby Pattern, Hand Stabb d at Tabs with who'. outside Counter and Calf Fitthass Bxtra stout durab'e soles. Toe caps or Plain Fronts, Medium. Bound or Square Toes, thus combing everything possible for wear and comf rt. in sires 6to 11. Don't. delay, but send at ince for temple pair. You will never r.gret it, from Messrs. GPiRNER St COMP/INY. .POSTAL BOOT DEPOT, 104 a, Adnitt Rd., Northampton

POST FREE 3/6 SMART SILK Finished LAWN BLOUSE. ....1410',41"..'7.511M''''r7fn.:: Nr"l,4''''''° Gan:LerFrlon°tk:w. ith 4 710: :i nine Tucks in back, .42,1, ti:;... - 1.-,..-;,'_,' • it"..`7, '. ::.>... ,.:: Frilled Sleeves, Whit., , tic. Sky,dwititLacein Nil' Helio. e.: Chant- pa . Send 3/6, '''',A,n'',l<•it-'..4)s'-'; V'''''',.,,,,,-.'...VEP:':Q:') 'Money returned if :-.' . ...'.",-;.,i,1: ;.,f,ik::: :qv • •:4:-4',:-...• •"; not approved in 4 : ..4`. lt!`tt *:tf.'Aa. DaY°' :. :::,.:,," 6::•',ii:Wil: 37 Theberton gt.• Islington, N.

A . 4 . ' , , An ' . !, 4 /0 ,4" e••'ai.-.. • ,s ‘.ll, 4.4.14 ' - HOW TO MAKE GALLONS PRIME BEER (Non-iotolleAtlng) IN YOUR. HOME. MASON'S EXTRACT -. SO 0 5 Yeast or Barre. ••• ••• ••• -•• 0 0 I', S ••• ••• .014 = 2d. PER GALLON. 0 0 2 Public Opinion: GOODI IT MASON'S. "ro other /Carnet makes 13e.r .late IL fiend a Mato re for I.l.rnple Dottie. or Pnateard for addree• of nearest A went. A. small Pamphlet, -flints on Isrewing," iris post free on receipt of l. Stamp. AGENTS WANTED. NEWBALL & MASON, Nottingham.

Marriages. PHILLIPS—FoRsTrAw.—JuIy 21st, at the Parish Church ‘Varrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Charles Henri Phillips to Hannah Porshaw. DITCTIFIELD—GREGORY—JuIy 22nd, at the Par'e Church, Warrington. by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpat9" James Ditchfield to Edith Gregory. WILSON—CLIFF.—JuIy 25th, at the Parish Churcb' Warrington. by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, Charlo Wilson to Emily Cliff.

JOHN V I,T ALKER AND CO PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS, Bewsey Street, Warrington. HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song, Festivals' &c. _ Warrington.—Printed and published by 3"onN GVA,I•FI, & Co., at The Examiner General Printing 11°arae Bewsey-street, and published by them at the grod place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria;ket. WIDNES: 32, George-street. ST. HELENS: 3, ) 3 jail. street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street ftniqcoPrif 28th. 1906.
