===== 0002601_19060303_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE P.S.A SOCIETY.— THIRTEENTH ANNIVOW4AEY. SUNDAY, MAUCH 4TH, 1906. OPEN MEESTING AT 3 P.M. CHAtuseear : MR. GEORGE WALKAR. SPRANNE tem PRE:IIIJAN r. REY. J. fONGE• CIIUSFIELD'd PRIER BAND WILL BENDER SELECTIONS. COLLECTION POE VuNDS. A MOIETY W BLOOMS TO OLD AND NEW MIIMEARS. COME AND JINN It I N.B.—The Band will meet at 2.30 at the Park Gates, Sankey at., proceeding by Market Gate, Borsemarket at.. Town', EMI to the Church.

WARRINGTON CHURCiI-SOCIUY•

dPROIAL ADDRH9S TO AWN ta THE PARISH. CriURCII, TO-NIGH 7 (Laloky). MARO 2irr. RIGHT }IRV. BISHOP THORNTON. " Boma .90CIaL DELITSIoNS." Oemunence at 8. Over at 9. Ml 31en Warmly weleomed. All Seats Free.

kIAIRO SfREKT CHAPEL WARRINGTON.— A COINSB OP THRBH LROTURBSon TUB liHW -4611TAM1RS" will be Oren by the REV. DARI,IIB HAMGROVI4, v.A, OP LIMB, TN THE SCHOOL/100M. CAIBO '2HURSDAY, MARCH BTm, 8 P.M. The New 'Testmnent, How it came to be a book." THURSDAY, MAUCH 15114. 8 p.m. "The first three Gospels and their origin.' THUReDAY. MARCH 22r1, 8 p.m. " The fourth Gospel. Its authorship and Mamie value." A.DMI6S(O4 PRII4. NO TIOICis'N BHQUIRRD.

AVARRINGION B(fCI,TY FOR TIM PROMO- TION op ANIMALS I^lloll PUBLIO MINTING IN CONNISCTIoN WITH TRH ABOVE, WILL BE HELD 111 TILE NiAtiONIO HALL, ON IUE-3DAY IMXP. MARC!' 6TH. !TaraDß. GNORGH H. PINDISR, , of Manchester. WILL GIV AN ADDRRSS. It Is hoped ther will be some Lantern Illustr +Hons. CHAIR TO BE TAKEN AT 8 BY DR. JOSRPH. A good attendance is desired.

popuLAR CONCH:RT. BOLD TILLT 801100LROOM.—TO-NIGHT (SATURDAY), AT 7,30 EPHOIAL PROGRAMME. • AIBARGBD BY MB. TOM BOOTHEOYD. HIntoVRIFIT MR. ALFRED GROUND. ON ODE 'PENNY. GALLERY TWOPENCE. lElt- t it‘°r4t3NGP, /111.174° 11:14r:IIHNATTRI 1,1 BUILDING )br SOCIETY. LIIGH-STFIHE P. Y office, W kultlritetToN MARGE 7Ta, 1906, at 7 o'clock, when the Dividends will be paid. 01; held tt:n m(N)

THOMAS SUTTON. manager,

WARRINGTON JUNIoR-LIBERAL ASdoCIA TION. MONDAY EVENING NIIXT, MARCH 5111. AT 7.45. AT GREGORY'S CAPE, BUTTENMARKRT ST. ADDRESS ON "TRH LAND PROBLHM "BY OAPTAIN G. R. CROSPIRLD. HAROLD GRAY. }Ho. Bees. tr. W. GUEST.

pA KR HALL, WAHRINCITON.--ORAND ,CONCHRT IN AID OF THP: RAILWAY BBNIIVOLHNI INRTITUTION. TUREIDAY 5711 X MARCH 6auir. MRS. ARTHIJH BOOTH, MISS AMOS wOODWARD, CHIISTOR CATHBOkAL Q HARTBTTN. MESSRS. DAWSON, GRBRNW 00D, RuXION, AND DITOHBURN, g Loin PARRY (ORE•TER), HUMoRIST. ACCOMPANIST : MR. W H PAYTON, BUM BAC. Out RerervPd Smits, 33., Centre Gallery, 13. ficl. Back halleev and Body of Hall. la., Back Seats, 6.1. BHAtS MAY BB BOOKIIII AT PRARSON A PAYTON, 4MITBD, 75. BRIDGE sT Doors open 7p m. Concert 745 p.m. Carriaqns 13 p.m.

_

TO BUILDERS AND CONTRACTOR. Tenders are Invited for the erection of a pavilion for Oroefielda 4,'coration Club, Hod lane, banker. Plana and Roeciflcatlona can be seen on apolloatlon to Mr. PRAcock, Honorary Secretary. Bonk Quay, Works, Warrington.

T° BUILD/MM.—The Commiseioners ot 11.2.1 Works and Public Buildings are prepared to receive TEIVDER4 for the erection of a new HEAD POST OFFICE attWarrington Drawings, specification, and a copy of Hies Conditions and form of contract may be seen on application to the Postmaster between the boors of 10 and b. Bills of quantities snit forms of lender may be obtained at the undermentioned adrdess on payment of One Guinea. The soros so paid will be returned to those persons who send In tenders in conformity with the conditions specified below. The Commissioners do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. Tenders must he delivered before Twelve o'clock Noon on WBONUSDAY, 14th March, 1906,addressed to the Secretary. /Ltd • Office of Works, &c.. 6torey's-gate, London, S.W., end endorsed Tender for Warrington Head Post Office, H.M. Office of Works, to., 20th February, 1906.

WARRINGTON UNION.—TENDERS.—PERSONS wiLLINur to Ccntract for the supply of any of the undermeutioued articles from Lady Day to Michael- mas next, to he delivered tree of expense at the Wetlchouse, or Cottage Romeo situated at Padeate at such times aril in such quactities as the Guardtans and their nffiners may require, are requested to floor; in tendets to me on or before Tuesday, March 6th, 1906. Tenders ate required for . Coal and Slack Groceries Clogs , Shoes and Slippers ' Coffins - %coma and Brushes Drapery g r y and Necesaari6e %Leather and Shoemakers' D - ' Necessaries lik u Flour and Oatmeal Bead for Cottage Homes Bread Wlnding and Repairing lailors' Go:ds Clocks *lth and Ice Wines and Spirits , Chimney Sweeping. uapser Butchers' Meat

, Separate Tenders roust be sent for the Workhouse and Cottage Finmes, and samples of the articlea required Ibe seen at either institution. ".. The Fuel to be supplied must be according to the ' "necification as set forth on the tender form and quo- , latione rcu,t be made fnr delivery either to the new tiding apjoining tbe Workhouse or by cart. b„The quotation for Drugs must be as per M.asra. , "onlley's price I,e, OrndArers to quote what pereertage : reductions they a. s prepared to allow. , Forms of tender. and Instructions to PerSo63 tender- , ;IV. which must be strictly complied with. or any other Vormation, may be obtained from the Maser of the , , orithemee and the Superintendent of the Cottage ',tomes respectively. ~... The Guardians do not necessarily bind themselves to ' "%era the lest or any tender. By order

Clerk t) tbe Guardians. Balmy Chambers, February, 1906. /

JAMES C. SUTTON.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
„ oplause). of the

?.ture to

'O. tev. J.

William

.30, Rev.

ratthews ,r J. F.

services, I morning circuit), 1 ye that4ool gof the 6 ,rke r was

rvicos at

• In the of God" ;hallenge

Sunday cuing by k's dis- ation by LI service ighes, of address. election% ico will .xt and in. A young

sociation .00lroom, ck Hill) he Holy Leresting oughing," ." " T 1244

Graining ep fold," d "The inounced tftor all a, would Aesoci-

, 22. 6d. ount was d of the,

Wesleyan as Guild r the Rev.

popular 11 service rvice was crowded

s exceed- ) far pro- ledlca ted lich did a heartiest establish- ah should iy school 33 of the 3ecessar7. an things lelp them iethodistn Id that deserved te missing' il welfare d another cted—the ation was phases in to take he time he interest Ile social the value hair that stimulate

a warm n of God. lathing of . A huge nagistrate lo taught iary that more into

?re distri- ken. The 'ere is a in " were• being the id Evan' " was als°

he choir Lid of th

.••••••,•••,..•••••,••ima.•

WALKER n Works, the same toria-road , Market- :oPN, Feb'

===== 0002601_19060303_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTHERS

poN'r

IZEAD

Tms

ALLAN LINE TO CANADA & UNITED STATES SAILINGs FROM LIVBRPOOL. ULU RDA St. John's N.F. snd Halifax... Mar. 8 PRIITORIAN Halifax and Sr. John N.8....Mar. 8 PARISIAN Mantas A St. John, N.B. Mar. 15 Stnerior scoommocittion for Ist, 2nd and 3rd classes. Special through rates to all points. ALLAN BROTHERS a CO .„JAMES STREET. LIVERPOOL

===== 0002601_19060303_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL E3IBROCATION.

JOHN WALKER & CO.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for all the execution of a classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDULES & CATALOGUES, CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES, INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS, PAMPHLETS, TIME BOOKS, MILL WORK, CATALOGUES, CLUB RULES, PROGRAMMES, BALANCE SHEETS, ANNUAL REPORTS, FOOTBALL FIXTURES, CRICKET FIXTURES. BEWSEY-ST., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HBRBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER AND 00

"EXAMINER" OFFICE. EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING. Circulars . Bll3bends Programmes Brivelopes Time nheets Tickets Posters Day Books Handbills Ledgers Pries Lists Delivery Books Older Books Post CMOs Memo Forms Letter Books Note Paner Tags Reports Bazaar Handbooks

EYEZA.TCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

r • 4•L'i, k', • 4 ' ' 11,'0w4e • • 4

===== 0002601_19060303_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
jflatOtnerg, dr.

GAS lINGINH (6 n.b.p.) for Sale ; can be seen running any tlme.—Hroorwaolt Baca., Merchant at.. Blackburn. "VOIIRTBBN-HORSH BNGINH and BOUM FOR SALB. J: Apply °LIABLE?) B. BARLOW, 92. Heaton lane,Srookport.

VOR SALM. five Pairs of goo i French STONWEI with 12 strong gear and bursting complete.—Apply BOOTH, engineer, Congleton.

GiOR SALB.—Ten-room Villa, good Apartment house near Brighton.—Partfoulars, OWNER, Biotin. Rassooks.Soiael.

RULES PRINTED and BOUND for Odd fellow- Foragers, Druids. Shepherds' Sick. Burials and Trade Societies. JOHN WA LKER AND CO., " EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGToN.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
fßiator ear4,eptltl, darrfagto. etc

VON SAL% two LANDAUS. two Brongharna,rubber tyres; I: Rani Oar.—DixoN, 36, Sefton et., Southport.

fIYOLIIS.-500 to clear, all genuine, and goods guaranteed kJ 2 years' £3 121, Bd. ; cash with order; nets.— ATHLETIC SUPPLY, Accrington.

T URRIBS DT STOCK, an sizes •ffitable for farmer., Li grocers, coal merchants. carriers, ac.-7. HARDMAN AND SONS. LTD.. Hideliffe. near Manchester.

UANDY Spring limiting Ca.l2T tor Sale. almost new, patent arm., brigs au" suit builder or farmer.—A. K. IRVING cSONS, contractors, t!ontbport.

FOR BALR Pory Carriage, in perfect ennciltien, suitable for Invalid ; sacrifice 18Ru1nem, carriage paid any part Hueland.—Victrage, N. W/LLINOIIAM. Market Rnmen

L". STBRH, and CO., 166. London rd.. Liverpool, have the following first-class Secondhand Carriages for Bala at reasonable prices :- 4 Landaus (to with rubber tyre.). 4 Victories (one double Victoria). 2 Large Waggonettes. carrying 12 anJ 14 persons. 2 Your-wheel Dogcarts (light) 5 Broughams, in capital order. 1 Liverpool Dogcart, suit 15 to 16 hand,. .1 Pony Governess Cart. suit 12 hands. 6 New Governess Carts. various sizes and priees. Bull particulars on application to 166, London rd., Liver- pool. Telephone 2114.

AN

===== 0002601_19060303_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
f4ouses anl3 Laub on bale.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ift,ontp

===== 0002601_19060303_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
griuration.

ANCASTAR COLLBC4II. MOREGAMBR.—A pir,t_obm li Bo,‘rilnit School for Boye.—J. W. MA.Rvigit.L. Ph.D., M.Sc., Princi p%l

eILAIRVILLII SOT-VIOL. Woo!, Herefordthire. Tho.ough k) education. Large plavisig fielcla Orton:Worn. Two Houle Snholarshipo vain. £I6 per annum offered in March, 1906 Particulars from Headmaster.

QANDBArr; SCHOOL, CIII-SHlRR,—Nfoderate P.es. Illustrrited Prospectus from Rewimister

UNIVERSITY ScimoL, S' )17114PORT.— A Most queeemsful Poßrrllng Reboot for Boys. W. HANDIIRSOIO. M.A. ”rlneirml.

QOUTl)PORT.—Sueceimaful ROA RUING SCHOOG c't Or Mel/ 111(xlerate fee*. Governess-pupll. —THE MItSEH GFUWEE., Belvedere:Rlrkdale,

IRL CAN BE RECRIVED in uno,l SEAFIni 13r SCHOOL to fill vacancy. Hichly efficient staff. Baams. £9 terroly. Address BOx F. . 20, " Hicamlner " Office, Warrinnton.

TBE LINCOLNSTIIRIC RIts'ID4NTIAT, SCHOOL cf Cookery and Hoosehold Sciences. Girls trained as Lady Cooks or T-Te,ns ; barmy home ; mreful training.— Apply to Ihe Prine;nal, wl,O h01..e a toll Teacher's Diploma. MIR 4 BVERARD. " Perk House," Louth, Lincolnshire.

QOUTHPORT MOnERv SCHOOL—k FIRST- kJ HOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOY. 1-idattily locality. Splendid new buildings. Large staff, incl-ding B*.. B.Sc.. dc. Rxcellent results. Recent distinctions in languages and scienee. Head Master J. C. Underwood. A.C.P., F.R G S. (Reg.)

TRH MOH SCHOOL, STOCKTON 1 0 DOE 1 Stockton Heath, Warrington. —Day and Boarding &hoot for Kindergarten.

. . ....._, ..... Preparatory School for Boys. PRINCIPALS, TRH MISSES PARTINGTON (late of 23, Wilson Patten street). Proopectue,a, ,t 3.. on 'applloation. sucry-slx SLICIOINSAS IN 2i YEARS. NC) FAILITRI:S.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Mnsfo,Organtst and Cholrmaster of St. Paul's Ormreh. PIANO, ORGAN, THRORY, HARMONY, COUNTRR- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large tbrne-mannal organ for pupils' practloe.—For terms apply 134. LOVALY-LAXIC WMI rri nyton.

MANC HE ST E R GRAMMAR SCHOOL,

FHB £4 4s. AND £5 ss. PAR TIMM.

THR EMU' TRRM BROM WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION THE SAME DAY AT 9 &v.

PROSPECTUSES, FORMS OF APPLICATION. &co, MAY 138 HAD AT THE SCHOOL, The boarding house in connection with the school Is situated in Higher Broughton. OWES W. COX, REOBEVER.

Pooß PAY AND POOR PROSPECTS.— No Young Man under 21 years. or Young WOMSH under 20 years. need be content with such conditions. A YEIV MONTHS DEVOTED TO STUDY AS A MEMBER OF THE CORRESPONDENCE SECTIOT OF

SKEHRY'S COLLEGE, 5, BOLD StRRHT, LIVFIRPOOL,

does not interfere with present employment, aril prepares the way for a Government appointment, with its 6 or 7 hours' day. yearly Increase in salary, handsome holiday allowance, and old aze pension. FULL PARTIOULAM OF APPOISTaiIiNTS InT THR OIIIDS TO RRlKUlfilt/IXTIVII TIMMY ,IBI7T,

SENT PodT FBI By THY COLLEGE SECBETABY• PrlitnlPrepsration for University College of Preceptors, Oxford Ssnlor and J.antor Locals and all Professional Preliminary Hiammations. Rapid progress. All earnest pupils succeasful. State examination when writing the Secretary.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
ll'ttbiral

4NAMIA, Rheumatism and Constipation, recipe for cure of either for la. to H. FISNWICIC, 18, Groivenor rd.. forest Gate, B.

I?lllll3.—ltecipe of wonderful preparation for colds ; VJ Will loosen thickest phlegm. 7d.—SralTn, 3. Adelaide Cham.)eri. Ilford, asex.

LTV AM I R BA, Nature's remedy for complaints of Liver, 11 Stomach and Kidney, ls. lid. a packet; agents wanted; 1311vd-ddu Caruarvon.

T Nominal 1019, Platolane% BIIf manes*, Absolutely cured. send Is, hi. and particulars of your ease, to A. ROBSON. 12 Prinsep road. Hove, tiussex.

VCZEIBIA.—Sure, ,ate, effectual cure with herbs. Recipe El free with list el hero, and remedies. Postcard will do. —THwAITIre, herbalist, Sto^kton-on-Tees.

I3RNTLIY'3 Nerve Mixture cure, Tic. Faceache. and Neuralgia. It gives instant relief. Post free, Is. 3d.— BENTLEY, Chemist, 136 Hanover it., Sheffield.

UMBAGO, LUMBAGO. CURBD.—Why suffer such pains ? Send 2s. 61. to J. DEANE, 205, Chester rd., Hulrne, Manchester. buflicient or two year sent.

o.—Sure cure, BAD Lim il Lime, Bos, Poisoned Wounds, Us Skin Complaints, Analyst's guarantee, le. lit —BEIM- DICTINTI OINTMENT co.. 5t *slops Road trmthani, S.W.

TNDIGHSTION POSTITIVIILY OUNED.—lend 6d. P.O. ifor Receipt and Information. Successful,Simoie; numerous Teatlrnaniats.—Addresi H. VARLar, Park Mount. Kirkstall

UHRBY Flehmouger,nine years auffarer from lifienmatiam tried"Methalla," free from pain ever since. Partieulara camped envelope—RAYNEß & OoldeCtiallanftlee,West Baling

lUCZIIMA.—A certain cure for this awful disease. waste V.l no more time. hot send immediately (stating ease) enclosing Is. id. to W. DoLmayr.lels. College Green. Bristol.

HUIZICIISSIML 1:118ATIIHN.0 Petralyete, tetten- -12 matism, Gout, Nervous Debility, Imp Amoy, Eye ' Diseases, Deafness Skla Diseases, address. Swan/Jur, 56, Devoneblre et., P,rtland Pleoe. London. W.

1/11 For this small sum anel 34. postage you can get a 2 bottle, of Ltandriu,lod Oils. Infallible Cure for Rheumatism, Sprains. Bruises, ae.—Sold only by W. S. BOUND, Chemist, Llandrlndod Wells.

QIBRILII MARRIAGE : Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. A new edition just published. Post free 3s. 9d.— London : SHELLV.Y AND CO., LTD, 38, GrILCOCEMrCh et.

FOR lig/TRIMS ONLY.—Alle4's Children:, Cough Mix- ture cores a nigh'. colder, bronchitis. croup. and relieves whooping cough. Contains no poison Very pleasant. Post free Is. 3.1. and 2s, 10d —ALLF.24, Chemist, Barry. Glam.

liHBUMATISM.—Wonderful Cure for Cbronic Rheu: matlins.—Mr. WILLIAM BARIIG-GOULD, Queenswood rd , Moseley, Birmingham, stron‘ly recommends Wonderful Cure for Chronic Rheumatic Dhorders. Free informallon for addressed envelope.

.„;KIN AILMBSITS.—Deep Eczema. Suffering Feet. Bz- li oe Bei v e Perepiratron Try, post free. elegant applications patented for let,at researches, and always restoring &Menial cells by physiology to perfect health. eample.—mArcassw, Faysholes, 117, Colmore Row, Birmingham.

I)}F CT COMPLEXION gained and retained by the JL NHW AMAHTI MMTNOD OF SHIS-MASSAGH. Full direeLlons explaining secret movements for removing wrinkles and ell blemishes of the skin, including materials used, 2s. 6d. post free.—MAD•ME AM&STI, 4. Hikibfleld at., [Delimiter.

lietbl3.llATlSiiii AND aCIATICA. QUIFFBRMIS thould try " " the great remedy and cure ; bottle.' 2e. 9d. and 4e. 6d. free (with testimonials).

JAHHS PHILLIPS, The Arch, liddell. Hreohin.

JOHN WALKER & CO., THE "EXAMINER" PRINTING OFFICE

SEWSEY ST.. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
PRICE LISTS Printed on card or pap ea lllu.ttd, ittrecialred.

.RULE BOOKS awl CONTRIBUTION CARES for 71111INDLY SWIMS% Le.

, .

===== 0002601_19060303_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0

===== 0002601_19060303_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
CkU EL TEMPTATION.

Florence Hodgkinson,

Author of "TINSEL AND GOLD," Cc., SC.!

CFIAP lER XII.

"LORD ALANDALE never forgot that summer afternoon, the large roughly firnisl. -d room with its whitewashed walls and raft red roof. the surging cloud of faces, most of them familiar to him as his olvn, he thought it tiles t surely be an evil dream from which presen!),v he would awake, it could not surely be serious fact that he, the most popular man for miles round, was suspected of such an awful crime as murder.

The constible Dobbs and the gamekeeper, Body, were the first two witnesses. They de- posed to finding the body of the deceased and to both feeling a doubt whether life still lingered, they took him to Ivy Cottage and Dobbs never left him till Dr.. Gtaham .arrived. Body further stated that he had searched the ground for several yards round the spot where they found Norton 'but without finding any sort of weapon. Dr. Graham followed, depos- ing that the man was quite dead when he saw him at two o'clock, but the remains were still warm ; he should say that the fatal shot was fired between eleven and twelve, and that the victim had lingered for an hour or even two. The bullet had entered at the back which proved it could not have been a case of suicide. He was positive that no medical aid could have prplonged life, for the spine was injured; he could not say whether the man had suffered after the fatal shot; he was inclined to think that -stupor intervened and he felt nothing, but he would not be positive; he knew the de- ceased by sight, and had heard of him as a hard drinker and a man of foul and abusive language, had more than orve expressed the opinion the village would be well rid of him." Lord Alandale felt grateful to tile doctor for his last words. He knew perfectly that the kind-hearted surgeon 'had spoken them prove to the coroner and room at large that It was quite possible to want to get rid of Nor- ton without murdering him. But the words missed their point; it was very, very different everyone felt, to wish the village free of Nor- ton, from telling the dead man it would be no crime to rid the world of him. Mrs. Martin, of course, had been summoned, and she was asked particulars as to her lodger's friends apd associates who came to see him, and whether he appeased on friendly terms with them ; she was specially ques- tioned as to whether Lord Alandale called on Norton the previous day and what his busi- n,ess was ; did she hear any threat addressed to her lodger by the Earl?

At that moment Mr. Fielding stepped for- ward.

" I am here, sir," he said quietly, "-to watch the proceedings in the interests of Lord Alandale. The Earl himself is present and ready to be called as witness."

The coroner intimated that he did not desire to examine Lord Alandale at present, and the enquiry dragged on. Martha Martin and Police Constable Dobbs both testified to the threats they had overheard, the (former stat- ing in reply to a question that Lord Alandale was displeased at Norton's boasting of his ac- quaintance with Miss /Jardine, the Earl's cousin.

What Kenneth had feared all along .followed and Helen herself was called. . White as death the beautiful heiress stepped forward; she looked so ill that she was given a chair, and the questions put to her were so worded as to give her as little pain as possible.' She was. indeed, only asked ?what she knew of the dead man and if she could tell his object in coming to Alandale. She was so • nervous that in the pimple matter of giving her name her voice failed her and her answer had to be repeated in a louder voice by the coroner's clerk who stood near her. This initial ditli culty got over, she said the deceased was the husband of her deare.,t friend, Hildred Jasper, and that it was for the latter's sake she had met him and assisted him with money. She believed his sole errand at Alandale was to get pecuniary help from herself, but she began tc feel she had made a mistake in giving hirr money, for he soon demanded as a right what she had given as a charity. She grew seriously troubled as his demands upon her in- creased, and hearing from her cousin, Lord Alandale, that her meetings with Norton were ' being discussed and criticised she asked the Earl to go to him and insist on his leaving lice

in peace. So far from treating Norton harshly, the heiress went on, Lord Alandale had arranged to give him a hundred pounds to enable him to make a fresh start in life, and in two days' time he was to have left Yorkshire.

Undoubtedly Miss Jardine's evidence had done something in Kenneth's favour. If she had been an English girl those secret meetings with Norton would have told against her in every man's mind, but the people „assembled at the "Green Man" were the majority of them as hazy in their views of Colonial society as Helen's maid, Susan ; all that seemed strange in Miss Jardine's conduct they put down to her having been born and brought up in the greater empire of England beyond the seas, and they admired her frankness, only thinking she had been far too generous to the unworthy man whom she had befriended.

Only one creature in that crowed room noticed a flaw in Helen's evidence, and, that was Lord Alandale.

When he heard her tell of his promise to give Norton a hundred pounds, and that the latter had agreed to take it and leave Alandale in two days' time, Kenneth remembered that he had not seen her alone since his call on Nor- ton, and so had had no chance to tell her the result of :.his; mission. No one knew of the offer and its condition except himself and Norton, so she must have met the man once again, and that only shortly before his death. For the love of Heaven Kenneth prayed this last fact might never get abroad. If it did the burden of suspicion would be lifted from him and transferred to Helen. She was young and beautiful, 'the owner of a grand old name, and the mistress of vast wealth, but for all that if suspicion Were ever attracted to her he knew perfectly that a terrible case could be made out against her.

At last, when the enquiry was almost over, Lord Alandale was allowed to give his testi- mony, but, alas ! his friends felt it rather injured his cause than improved it, for he ad- mitted using the threats Martha Martin and the policeman had overheard; he acknow- ledged that he parted with Norton on ill terms and added the entirely unnecessary informa- tion that the man was one of the biggest scoundrels living, and that for his part he thought his fate amply merited. The jury took umbrage at this speech. The dead man was poor, he had been a convict, his life was certainly a failure, yet the twelve good men and true felt more in sympathy with him than with Lord Alandale ; they did not like to hear it said he deserved his fate. N There • was a touch of acrimony in the Earl's tone which roused them, and the enquiry resulted, as Mr. Fielding had feared for the last half hour, in a verdict of wilful murder against Kenneth Jar- dine, Earl of Alandale. 4 , Dobbs came forward with the, warrant. In an instant Mr. Fielding and the Rector were on their feet, the one word in both their mouths " Bail."

" You can talk to the magistrates about that to-morrow," returned Mr. Carter ; " it is not in my province, but I don't expect they will listen to you, as bail is never allowed in a murder case.",

'The people flocked out, eager to cliscips the startling result ot the lon.' enquiry, while Kenneth stood perfectly still Dobbs and the plain clothes policeman guarding him on either side. .Helen Jardine crossed the room with edger steps and came up to him.

_ "Cart they takc, me instead of you, Ken- neth ? " she cried indignantly. " For it was all my fault you ever spoke to that dreadful man, so I ought to bear the penalty." . "I couldn't let them even if they were willing to make the exchange," said Kenneth. Then regardless of the policeman and of one lor two stragglers who Might be withir earshot, Ihe said gently, " And so you believe in my innocence, Helen 7"

"I believe in it as I believe,in my own," she answered passionately. "You no more killed Richard Norton than I did."

Had she read the yearning agony at his heart and contrived to 'give him the satisfac- tion he desired ? Did she know that he had guessed from her evidence that she saw Dick Norton at their old meeting-place last night, and that a fear had seized him lest she might have been tried, beyond her strength? If so, she had found an answer to his fears and set them at rest for ever. " I believe in your innocence as I do in my own," simple words, but they represented a double truth, they assured Lord -Mandale that she believed in him and told him that she was innocent even as himself,

Torksnire, and ihat though the tithe was en- tailed on heirs male, estate and revenues could descend in the female line. When all this was clear to him he asked his mother if she could spare him two hundred pounds. "I want to know the rights of it about Helen," he told 14irs. Gresham. "She is my promised wife and I won't give her up to any- one unless it's her own wish, so I mean to go to England and see her grand relations; then I shall tell her to choose between us. I'd not mind giving up the colony and spending my life in the old country for her sake, but I'll not yield my rights without an effort. She promised to be my wife when she was poor and I think the promise should be just as binding now she is rich."

" Slie is not worthy of such love as yours," Mrs. Gresham assured her son. "I consider, Gbarles, that Helen Jardine has treated you abominably." •

Brit the-sailor loved Helen and was not to be turned from his purpose,

"1 mean to see her face to face and have her answer from her own lips," he said decidedly, 'lf any man has come between us I'll just let him know that she was mine first and gave me her promise of her own free will." Mrs. Gresham demurred at the eXpense, for two hundred pounds was ,a lot of money to throw away; couldn't he write to Helen since it seemed he knew where she was?

Claarles shook his head. "A letter's not the same thing her fine new friends might keep it back. I'll have my answer from her own lips, and by George, it will be the worse for any man that has come between us I "

"You can keep your money •if you like, mother, but I shall go to England just the same ; if I have to travel as a steerage passen- ger or work my passage as a common sailor before the mast I shall go." "You know I would not hear of your doing that," replied his mother ; " you shall have the money. I have not so much to my credit at the bank, but I can get it a day or two." "Thank you. Of course, I'd rather present myself. to Helen looking trim and taut, 'but in whatever manner I reached England I should Igo straight to her. She may look down on me, she may let her menials turn me from her door, but I will se's her somehow, and by Heaven, she shall give me her answer frorr her own lips."

===== 0002601_19060303_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEM

===== 0002601_19060303_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
=MEE

===== 0002601_19060303_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XHI,

I WHEN ' Charles Gresham proposed to Helen Jardine tar away in Melbourne he specially told her that his coming voyage would be a short one, and that in six months' time he should return .and claim her for his wife. But things happened very differently from what he had expected ; the " Albatross " was dis- abled in a gale before she had been six weeks Out; the vessel was so terribly injured by the , ravages of the storm that she was pronounced unseaworthy and unfit for use until she had been thoroughly repaired, meanwhile her cargo was trans-shipped to another steamer belong; ing to the same owners and her crew paid off. But for his engagement to Helen Jardine young Gresham would have taken another billet as first mate at -the nearest large port and not troubled himself to return to Mel- bourne, but the thought of the girl he loved was too much temptation to him; he decided to go home and persuade Helen if possible to let their engagement be a very • brief one so that the wedding and honeymoon might inter- vene before he took another ship. As Miss Jardine had informed her friend, Hildred Jasper, when talking of her engagement, the Greshams had- become much better off in the last few years; without being rich the widow was well to do for a middle class matron. Charles was her only .child, and all she had •would eventually be his. so that if he chose to remain on shore three months or even \ six there would be no danger of means running short ; he would have scorned to live entirely on his mother, but he was not in the position of a man dependent for daily bread and shelter. on his own earnings. So, as soon as he was definitely free from his duties on the "Alba tross," young Gresham made his way home with the result that the letter Helen Jardine had written to him before she left the colony did not reach him; it was eventually sent to the office of the owners of the " Albatross," and from sheer accident rather than ill will not forwarded on, since the clerk in charge of the correspondence department did not know Charles Gresham's home address. So when he reached his mother's home the young fellow knew nothing of his sweetheart's departure. but believing Helen to be pursuing her usual round of duty at St. Monica's he hoped to per- suade her to leave the college at Easter and , marry him out .of hand. Mrs. Gresham cried for joy at her son's arrival just as she had done when she received the telegram telling her of his return; she was simply wrapped up in Charles and thotight nc young fellow HI Melbourne his equal. But when their first greetings were over, Charlet looked round the room with an air of 'his-' appointment as though he missed something and his vexation found vent in words.

"I thought you'd have Nell here for the week end, mother, lust to welcome me back." Mrs. Gresham dropped the sock she was knitting and turned sharply.to.her son.

'YOU don't mean to.te'll me that she never wrote to you. that you came back expecting to find her still at St. Monica's ? "

"I never had a line from Helen since I started, but then she never promised to write so I didn't think much of it. Surely you don't mean she has left St. Monica's; she was so comfortable there and such a favourite with Miss Murray. 1 made sure she'd stay on till we were married." "And she left the College, aye. and Mel- bourne, too, within a fortnight of your sailing. She did not even trouble to say good•bye to me; it's true I was away trom home on a visit, CHAPTER Xlv. but she might have written." "But where is she gone ? " THAT Lord Alandale's arrekt brought bitter Mrs. Gresham threw up her hands, sorrow to the two women at the Hall may ‘' You may well ask. As soon as f got back easily be believed, but the grief of Lady Mary from your uncle's tarm. thinking it forth I had Jardine, who had known him all his life, was heard nothing of Helen, I went round to the as nothing compared to the agony of the girl flat to see if she were ill. If you'll believe me, who had met him for the first time only a few Charles, there were tresh people there who months before, told me that Miss Jardine and her friend had Helen Jardine mourned wit,h an unutter- been gone since the middle of January." able anguish for the miserable entanglement " I called at St. Monica's and asked to see that had resulted from her deception ; it is Miss Murray she was very high and mighty, not too much to say that she would have given but I made her see I wash', to be put off with- her own life gladly if by the gift she could out an answer to my question, so at last she have removed the onus of suspicion which had told me that' ooth Helen Jardine and Miss fallen upon the Earl. Jasper had gone to England, an arrangement Even Lady Mary Jardine, who had been having been made to release them front their disposed to judge Helen very harshly, relented duties without aotice since It was to their when she saw how the girl was suffering and advantage to leave Australia; not another attempted some well-meant consolation. word could I get our 01 her, Charlie, but I "My clear," she said gently, "you will knew you'd want tc know the rights of it, and • make yourself really ill if you go on like this, so I gave the schoolhouse keeper half a and what good will that do anyone?' Besides, saVereign to tell rue what had become of to my mind it is paying Kenneth a poor corn- Hefm and she said Miss Jardine had come pliment to behave as though you thought it into a tortanc and gone to England, and that positive he must be pronounced guilty. Pluck Melville and Brett, the lawyers in Collins lup some spirit, child, and show the world that Street, had had the management ot the thing. I you believe in him." " Well, you know. Charles, that young "I believe in him with all my heart," Helen fellow, Martin Turner, you used to be so answered, " but I cian't'be cheerful when I feel friendly with is a clerk at Melville and Brett's, he is in such danger. Besides, Aunt Mary, SO just asked tuni ter supper and got all I' you know I am, the-cause of all his misfortunes; could out of turn. He told me they didn't but for me this miserable Norton would never want the story Known in Melbourne, but it I have come to Alandale." turned out that Aubrey. Jardine had been a Lady Mary looked thoughtful; she had nobleman's youngest son, and that through reached theage when the pulse of life ceases some unexpected deaths in the family Helen to beat furiously, and, deeply as she felt the had become her grandfather's heiress. 1 sup- charge against Kenneth, she could view things pose," said Mrs. Gresham • bitterly, "she far more dispassionately than her niece. looks on us as the dirt beneath her feet now, " If you felt less and acted more, it would °out I must say she might have written to be better, Helen," she said gravely. "I have you." asked the Rector and Mr. Fielding to break- Charles Gresham thonght so, too; he said fast here to-morrow that we may talk over very little more to his mother about his lost things a little before—before they have to gc sweetheart, but the disappointment weighed to Thorriby. The wisest thing you can do is an him sadly. The young sailor had a very to to bed early and try to sleep so that you fair share of self-conceit, and he took up thai may be well enough to help in our consulta- idea that Helen herself would have been true tion. You are the only creature within reach to him but for the fear Of her grand English re. who knows a little about Norton's past life; if Vions, and if he could only see her once again only you can think of anyone in it who would everything could be set right.. Charles said have cause to wish hint evil it will be a step in nothing to anyone about his views, but he the hard task of proving Kenneth's inno- studied the peerage carefully and discovered cence." that " Jardine " was the family name of the Helen went to bed obediently enough, but Earl of Alandale and that that nobleman's sleeping was another matter. It seemed to youngest son was called Aubrey. Later he the girl impossible that forgetfulness could •,ound that the family T.Jace was Alandale Hall, conic to her and her aching brain enjoy the respite of slumber ; if she closed her eyes the

===== 0002601_19060303_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

I

A

===== 0002601_19060303_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
vision of Hictiard Norton rose up before her to trouble her ; if she tried to think of other things the recollection of her own sin came to torture her; if she had never robbed the dead Norton might still be alive and this hideous suspicion against Lord Alandale been un- heard of.

Of course she knew plenty about Norton's past. In the brief space she had lived with him as his wife she had known enough to tell her he might have many enemies, but it was hard to use this knowledge. As Helen Jardine she was supposed to know only what her friend Hildred had confided to her of the latter's husband. If she remembered too much might it not go far to betray her own secret ? If her recollections set Mr. Fielding on the track of Norton's enemies and ode of them was brought to Alandale might he not round upon her and tell the lawyer that Miss Jardine, of Alandale, was no Other than the murdered man's wife? She would not have shrunk from. that if it was the only way of freeing Kenneth, but surely she could prove his innocence without that supreme sacrifice; indeed, it seemed to Helen it would be easier to confess that she herself murdered Norton than to let Kenneth know of her terrible fraud and that all her life since coining to Alandale had been a lie. Breakfast was at eight o'clock; the Rector and Mr. Fielding must start for Thomby by half-past nine. so this early meal would give— Lady ME.f.ry had calculated—an hour for the consultation. By common consent no one touched on the subject in all their minds till breakfast was over and the four had gathered in the library;' there Lady Mary and the Rector faced each other at the square table, an arrangement which brought the lawyer opposite to Helen; she was sorry for this, for the scrutiny of his keen, though kindly, eyes was more than she could bear.

"Lady Mary," began the Rector, "let me entreat you not to come to Thornby ; it will be a painful ordeal for you, and I am sure Lord Alandale would be the first to dissuade you from being present at the Court House." "I mean to go," said the lady quietly, "so please do not waste time discussing that sub- ject. There are ,so many things, I want to ask Mr. Fielding. First of all, how long will this awful suspense last? " "I am afraid I do not understand," said Mr., Fielding reluctantly.

"Oh I r will put it' plainer if you wish it, but I think you might have spared me. Of course Kenneth is innocent, but innocent men have ,:leen condemned before now; how ion::

===== 0002601_19060303_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
wU it LA., venire vie kaow tae worst r - "The magistrates will probably order one or two adjournments," said Mr. Fielding, who felt that only the plain truth would satisfy her, "but by the end of this month they ought to have finished their part: They will either acquit Lord Alandale or commit him for " And if it is the last ? " "The trial would take place at Ham- borough at the September assizes. A very serious feature of the case to me is the short- ness of time left us for preparation, if the magistrates' decision is adverse—barely six weeks."

"I've only one thing more to say," de- clared Lady Mary. ",J am a rich woman, Mr. Fielding, I would spend the list penny I possess to clear Lord Alandale ; don't let the, thought of money weigh with you, let every- thing possible be done, employ the first detec- tive of the day to hunt up Norton's oast and see wnat enemies ne nas ; leave no stone un- turned."

" I think there will be only formal evidence tendered to-day ending with a week's re- mand," reprted Mr. Fielding ; "in that case I propose to go up to London and put two de- tectives on the job, one to hunt up the details of Norton's (Blake's, rather, since that is his true name)" past life, the other to come down here and try to discover whether any stranger was seen hovering about in the direction of the scene of the tragedy earlier in the evening." Mr. Arnot brought his fist down on the table with a bang. "If the Thornby magistrates can believe Lord Alandale guilty of murder I shall feel that a blameless life is no safeguard. Joe, I am no lawyer; and yet I see one thing clearly already, the only way to save Lord Alandale is to find the real murderer," " And for that Mr. Filing' S plan seems sure to succeed," said Helen suddenly ; "if Norton was murdered by a stranger that stranger must have come to Thornby by :train and then driven over here; there must'be persons who saw him arrive at the station, he must have hired a trap for the drive here ; surely a detective will be able to find witnesses who can prove that a stranger came into the neighbourhood and then disappeared again." " The only trifle I can hit ou at this stage in Lord Alandale's favour is that not one of his weapons is missing. A keen sportsman the Earl, besides a couple of guns and a brace of revolvers, has two or three makes of pistols, but between lunch yesterday and our 'starting

===== 0002601_19060303_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
tor tne inquest no toox me to tne room where these are kept and each was in its accustomed place." "They will say he had plenty of time to clean and replace whatever weapon he used," said Helen bitterly. " I don't think so. I have made most care-' ful enquiries at Woodlands and the household are ready to swear their master never entered the gunroom as it is called until he went there with me." _ _

"There's another thing we haven't looked into," said the Rector; how about an alibi? Graham can tell—within an hour—the time at which Norton was wounded; surely if we can prove Lord Alandale had gone to bed earlier It ought to prove our case.' " Unfortunately that's what we can't do," said Joe. "It's painfully strange how every trifle turns against us; the Earl himself says he did not go to bed till nearly two o'clock; he was unusually wakeful and sat up reading long past his usual time, and as the study at Woodlands has French windows opening on the garden it would have been perfectly easy for him to go into the grounds and return without his absence being known to anyone in the house." _

_ "Really," said Lady Mary bitterly. , "One would think your object was to prove my nephew guilty instead of to clear his name, Mr. Fielding, from the alacrity with which you provide evidence against him. , Honest Joe bore with the taunt patiently, for he knew how keenly Lady Mary was suffering. They talked a little more, and then the two ladies went upstairs to prepare for their drive to Thornby. Mr. Fielding sat in a brown study, his face dark and troubled. "What is it, Joe ? " asked his father-in-law. "Surely you don't resent Lady Mary's words ; she is half beside herself with trouble, pooz soul."

"I wasn't thinking of Lady Mary—will you let me ask you one or two questions without giving you any explanation for my curiosity?" "Well, go on.' "Do you like and trust Miss Jardine ? " The old clergyman stared. "My dear fellow, what in the world do you mean ? "

.'Exactly what I say." "Well, then, I admire Helen Jardine, and think, considering her many disadvantages, she makes a wonderfully attractive mistress. for Alandale Hall. Of course, I dont love her as I love her cousin Magdalen or the Earl himself: I have known them all their lives;

===== 0002601_19060303_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
Ileien Is a stranger to me; Joe Fielding smiled. , You've said quite enough, sir, and an- swered me in spite of yourself—you don't trust Miss Jardine." " Really, Joe, you have no right to asstime such a thing. Besides, what has Miss Jardine got to do with this charge against 'her cousin ? "

"A Treat deal. It was through her Lord Alandale was brought into communication with Norton ; it is not denied that she bad several nocturnal interviews with the man herself. To my mind Helen Jardine is far more likely to have murdered Norton than the Earl of Alandale."

And Helen, on the point of returning to the library, ready dressed for her drive, heard these words.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
' (To be continued.) DISEASED ANKLE AFTER FEVER. Another Great Zam-Buk Cure.

Many cases of painful skin disease can be traced back to some illness that has left the system in a weakened state. _

Mrs. Dyson,s,Firebrick Cottages, Washington Station Durham, writes :—" About four years ago I was laid up with rheumatic fever, and on getting about again I felt a weakness in my ankle, which got worse and worse until the pain with sijnply unbearable. I could not do my work. Then it broke out into running sores. There were live wounds round about my ankle, and the doctor said I should have to lay up again. I did so, but the wounds would not heal. Another doctor said I would have to go to the infirmary. Some veins used to stand out like whip-thongs, and the doctors said I would have to be careful not to burst them, for if I did it was very likely I should bleed to death. I did not care to go to the infirmary. I went on getting worse and worse, until my ankle was like a burning fire, and the itching was almost unbearable. I continued in this condition for nearly three years, some- times a little better and sometimes worse. The wounds would never heal, though I tried almost everything. "At last a friend persuaded me to try Zam-Buk. got wonderful relief from; dressings with the first supply, and after I had been applying Zain-13uk for a ,little while, I noticed how the wounds were healing. Healthy flesh was filling up the wounds, and new skin was being formed. Now, after persevering with Zam- Buk, my ankle is perfectly heeled, and I can do my woi k without a twinge of pain or any discomfort what- ever. I find that the cure is permanent." Housewives and mothers should never be without a box of Zam-Buk

===== 0002601_19060303_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

Balloon soundings have shewn surprisingly low temperatures in the upper air, 122 deg. below zero has been recorded at 48,544 ft.; while at Vienna, M. Nimfulir obtained a record of 121 deg. below zero at only 51,8721 t.

A SCIENTIFIC NOVELTY. Two weights suspended from ' a bar form a scientific novelty. When one weight is pulled , down and released it vibrates up and down for . a little time, when it suddenly stops and the • second weight beings to bob up and down. This ' soon stops, the first then resuming its motion.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
HEIGHT OF AURORA BOREALIS

The height of the aurora borealis 'seems to vary greatly. The spectral light has been seen touching the earth in Arctic regions, but measurements made during a recent aurora near London shew that the red could not have been much less than 600 miles high, the green being much "nearer the earth's surface.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW MANY ODOURS DO YOU KNOW?

People do not know as many odours as they auppose. In a recent test, 255 girls, with a set of ,twenty common odours, chiefly essential oils, only 672, on the average, were correctly named. Those most often identified were camphor, peppermint, vanilla, and cloves; those least re- cognised were hemlock, bergamot, assafoetida, wormwood, • and lavender. 1

===== 0002601_19060303_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
PLANTS THAT SEE.

Dr. Henry Conrad, Professor of Botany at John Hopkins University, declares that his ex- periments shew that plants in some forms possess all the senses of animals except that of hearing. He says: "We have been unable to discover any other way in which they are susceptible to sound, but in seeing, feeling, and tasting they are developed. The sun-dew plant, which grows in swamps around Baltimore, has the sense of taste to a greater extent than any other."

===== 0002601_19060303_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BODY AND ELECTRIC SHOCKS

The human body varies greatly in its resistance to electric shocks, and healthy men have been killed by a little more than 100 volts, while other men have survived many thousand 'volts. Nervous affections, heart disease, intemperance, and other morbid conditions increase the • dan- ger. At a late congress of Austrian medical men the conduSiont was reached from the experi- ence of recent years that death from electricity results from paralysis of the central organs of respiration, and is a special form of suffocation.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW GRAVITATION THEORY.

Gravitation is explained, says Science Siftings, by a new theory as due to the motion of matter having the tenuity usually assigned to the ether. All matter is in motion,' and the smaller the ag- gregation the greater is the Maximum velocity. Open space contains very minute particles in rapid motion in all directions. The particles are small enough to pass between the molecules of ordinary bodies—and they are stopped or re- flected n proportion to the mass of the body bombarded. Two bodies in space shield each other on one side, being thus apparently at- tracted.

ELECTRICITY AND LEAD WATER PIPES. A curious case of lead poisoning is reported to have been due to the leakage from an electric main into the water supply of a cottage. Pure soft water containing oxygen dissolves a certain amount of lead, and hence it is unsafe to store such water in leaden cisterns, or to convey it by lead pipes. With ordinary spring water, how- ever, which always possesses a certain amount of hardness, there is not this danger. The calcium sulphate io such water causes a deposit of in- soluble lead sulphate on the pipe or cistern, which is thus protected against further action. Hence lead pipes can be safely used for an ordinary water supply. A current of electricity, however, in this case with a pressure of .18 volts. passing through the water alters the chemical conditions, and enables the water to take up an appreciable quantity of lead. SPECULATIONS ABOUT RADIUM.

- - - ------- If the earth, Professor E. Rutherford tells us, had been composed,. initially, of pure radium, the activity 20,000 years later would not be greater than the activity observed in pitchblende to-day. Since, however, there is no doubt that the earth's age vastly exceeds 20,000 years, it is necessary, in order to account for the existence of radium at all in the earth, to suppose that it is continuously produced from some other sub- stance. At the present time it seems most pro- bable that uranium is the parent substance. The observed activity in a good specimen of pitch- blende is about what should be expected if the uranium contained in it spontaneously breaks up into radium. Radium itself is continuously transformed into an emanation which, in turn, is changed into other types of matter, and there is no evidence that the process is reversible.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
DIAMONDS FROM MOLTEN CARBON.

Professor R. Threlfall, in the course of an ad- dress to the Birmingham section of the Institu- tion of Electrical Engineers, treating of "Some Problems of Electro and lectro-thermal Chemistry," described the apparat used by Dr. j Ludwig in an attempt to prod e diamonds on a large scale. The apparatus Consisted of com- pression vessels and compression pumps, enabl- ing carbon to be kept under high pressure. The i carbon was heated electrically n compressed hydrogen, and it was found necessary to cool the product of the operation very suddenly, which was accomplished by injecting water at great pressure, so that the carbon was struck by water moving at immense velocities. The result of one of the experiments was to produce a sort of carbon glass, for the rapid cooling did not affori tinie for the formation of crystals of appreciable size, and the glass tended to resemble black diamonds rather than clear cubic crystals.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGH FREQUENCY CURRENTS.

In an address delivered before the Society of Arts, Dr. J. A. Fleming, F.R.S., declared that a principal property of high frequency currents was that they were entirely on the surface of the conductors. It was very important to study spark resistance. A method of spark counting, which he had devised, had proved of great ser- vice and had thrown fresh light on certain in- vestigations. Spark resistanoe was a very com- plex thing, depending upon many things, of which the chief were the capacity of the jar, the inductance of the circuit, the length of the spark, and the t shape of the spark terminals. Spark resistance had been measured in another manner by Professor Slaby, at Charlottenburg, and his experiments shewed that with increase of spark length, and with increase of capacity, there was a rise of resistance. Ho himself had found that the material of which the spark balls were composed had a marked effect on spark re- sistance, iron giving a higher resistance than zinc or brass. It was also notable how great was the effect of length of spark upon resistance, as had also been demonstrated by Slaby. There were, however, many anomalies, and the work of various, investigators did not shew agreement; but the results were not necessarily contradic- tory, being rather due to the different kind of spark employed.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GREAT ICE AGE.

In a fascinating exposition--of the astronomical theory of the great Ice Age, Sir Robert Ball states that 80,000 years ago there was a severe winter. The snow was piled up in the mountain districts of Scotland, in Wales, and in the North of England. There was so much snow, indeed, that the summer sun was not able to melt it, and when the next wintor arrived and more snow fell the accumulation became greater than ever. That went on for years and years, for centuries and centuries, indeed. Yet still the snow fell, and the pressure of it gradually forced the mass to the valleys, where it was trans- formed into ice—into glaciers. Still the snow fell; the valleys got full, and the ice spread over the land, until at last a large portion a England was covered with a sheet of ice and i snow, much as Greenland s covered to-day. Before

THIS ICY 'INVASION roan fled. Then came a change. The severity of the winter began to abate. Gradually the ice and snow began to melt, and finally it dis- appeared. There were many boulders to be seen in various parts of the British Isles, which had been deposited by the ice sheet in the places where they now rest. The fact was that the planets Jupiter and Venus gradually altered the circular revolution of the earth round the sun to an oval, the prm cess taking thousands of years to accomplish, during which period the earth's track, opened out to oval form and • dos:A again to nearly circular, as though it breathed, each breath hav- ing occupied ages. Eighty thousand years ago the track of the earth was oval. The sun was not in the middle of the track, but near to one end of it, thus dividing the oval into two very un- equal parts. When the earth was speeding round the short end, so to speak, near the sun, it was summer: when going round the long end, slowly. 80 slowly, it WSS winter. Anil in

THAT TERRIBLE JOURNEY . away. from‘the sun to the far end of the elipse the hemisphere turned away from the' source of light and kept accumulating more ice and snow. The brief summers failed to melt it. and so the great ice cap was tormed, and its duratiOtl now called the Ice Age. Sir Robert Ball adds that another Ice Ago will come on the emit' ill 200,000 zera' time.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
MADE YOUNG AGAIN.

Iron-Worker Cured of Chronic Indigestion by Bile Beans.

Mr. Joseph H. Richmond, an iron-worker, who lives at 45, Elizabeth Ann-street, Manchester, is now a young- looking and vigorous man of 34, capable of doing a hard day's work with ease. But before Bile Beans banished biliousness and indigestion from his life, Mr. Richmond experienced years of acute suffering. To a "Manchester Weekly Chronicle" reporter he said :—" I was a great sufferer for years from indiges- tion and constipation, and never had a moment's peace from pain. I could not digest my food, and I becsme so depressed that I had no enjoyment in life. I tried many remedies, but derived no benefit whatever from them. I tot some Bile Beans,and found so much relief that I resolved to continue the course. The result was a steady improvement and a complete cure. lam now enjoying good health and feel a new man entirely." Every Bean you take is one step moretowards perfect health. Bile Beans are the safest and soundest of, household remedies, and are simply in valuable for , biliousness, liver chill, indigestion, constipation, piles, ana3mia, female ailments, weakness, rheumatism, gout insomnia, headaches, pimples and other eruptions, and all ailments having a common origin in impaired action of the stomach and liver, Bile Beans are also effectual in warding off colds, chills, and neuralgia, and are a marvellous restorative after influenza. Of all chemists, or post free from the Bile Bean Mfg. Co., Redcrosa st., London, E.C., at is. lid. or 2s. 9d. (2s. 9d.box contains three times as many Beans as the Is. lid).

===== 0002601_19060303_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
WIT AND HUMOUR.

Ha : "Then I go—and for ever." She (with re- markable composure): "Very well! But don't call to-morrow evenimt. for I shan't be. in.".

Tan Free Dress Reform Club of Philadelphia has boldly declared that "the. garmenture for women's legs should be of dual form." And then there would still be the same old formal duel who, should wear the "garmenturer ' And the Reform Club did not settle the question whether this "dual garmenture" would be fastened around lovely woman's waist with a pin, or be held in place by a suspendature. Nor did it resolve the buttonature of women's dual gar- menture.

A our who opened a sample room over a theatre .appropriately painted over his door the word Dram- sttie.

A WOMAN in New Orleans, suddenly made a widow by a recent railroad accident, mint to an agent to obtain the amount for which her ,husband's life was insured. The agent kindly told her that he sincerely sympathised with her in her bereavement, and was astonished by the energetic response of the excited lady, who exclaimed: "Yes! that's always the way with you men. You are very polite about everything else,,but whenever a poor woman gets a chance to make a little money you're only sorry." TIM other morning as a New Haven train was coming through the tunnel, a nervous old gentleman, who is noted for his obstinacy, thought it had taken a side track, but wts assured that it was on the central doable-track line of that tunnel. He indig- nantly spurned that idea, and imperiously wanted to know if he didn't know what he was talking about. Jiist then the Boston Express came thundering by, and the old gentleman was assailed with, "What do you say now ?" " What do I say now 7" he cried; "why, I say if another train passes us before we get out of this infernal tunnel, it—it—will shake mil confidence in my own opinion!" _

A YOUNG woman from the rural districts entered a dry goods store, the other day, and asked for a pair of stockings. The clerk politely asked her what number she wore. "Why, two, you fooh Do you think I am a centipede, or that I have a wooden leg ? " A 'roux° man in Mobile threatened to shoot himself because a young lady refused to marry him. She tolsi him it would make no differenee to her, but when he. declared that it "would make a great difference, for he intended to wallop her first," she appealed to the police for.nroter,tt.m.

go6caveitifiln,'-gaid the learned Judge, you. must give an answer in the fewest possible words of which you are capable, to the plain and simple question whether, when you were crossing the street with the baby on your arm, and the omnibus was coming down on the right side and the cab on the left, and the b••ougham was trying to pass the omni- bus, you saw the plaintiff between the brougham and the cab, or whether and when you saw him atoll, and whether or not near the brougham, cab, arirl omni- bus, or either, or which of them respectively." PERHAPS the worst recorded attempt ut an escape from a conversational difficulty Was made by a London East-end curate, who specially cultivated the friendship of the artisans. One day a carpenter• arrived in his room, and, producing a photograph; said, "I've brought you my boy's 'likeness, as you• said you'd like to have it." Curate (rapturously):• "How awfully good of you to remember! What a capital likeness! How is he?" Carpenter: "Why, sir, don't you remember? He's dead !" Curate:: "Oh, yes, of course, I know that. I mean how's the• man who took the photograph?" Tarim= (to new scholar): "What is your name?' New Boy: "My name is Jule, air." Teacher: " You. should 'have said Julius, sir. And now, my lad," turning to .another lad, "what is your name ?'' " Bilious, sir." Docroit: "Your husband must have complete. rest." Wife: "I know it. I talk to him seven or eight hours every day, so as to keep his mind off business." Doc:or :" On second thoughts, madam, I conclude that the one chance for your husband is to take him to the hospital, with instructions that no one but the trained nurse and myself be admitted." POLICEMAN: "Come down out o' that, young man.' Reporter: "But I'm a reporter, ind want to get e description of the fire." Policeman: "Get out wie you. You can't stay there. You kin foind out at about the fire from the paper in the marn'..l'." Hz: "What an idiot I was when I married you She: "Don't you think you're an idiot now?" He • " No, Ido not." She: "Then you ought to be ver) thankful to me for having altered you."

THE Hon. Thomas Keir Murray, C.M.G., who bas been chosen as Natal's representative at the forth.. comingopening of the Australian Federal Par! lament, is a Natalian, born at Pinetown. He served in the Zulu War of 1879, and recently he was on General Boiler's Staff up to the relief of Ladysmith. Bis political career dates from 1886, and he has been Colonial Secretary of his colony. He takes a great interest in farming and in sports.

Tn the Thames, at Shiplake,Mr. (f. Brook has captured a pike scaling 201bs. -lozs. The successful angler is a member of tho Shepherd's Bush Angling Society.

No wonder there are so many discontented servants.

No wonder there are so many haggard overworked

wives.

Whose fault?

Their own!

If they will but use. Fels-Naptha soap the perfectly easy, simple way, without hot water or chemicals,. ,half of the 'drudgery of house-cleaning is avoided at once, half of the time washing clothes is saved.

There's no secret about the why of it—Fels-Naptha 'vs soap with naptha.

Don't have hot water nor any chemicals with Fels-Naptha soap and all will be right. Of grocers, 2id a bar. Pels-Naptha 39 Wilson stceet London EC

14,.. •

. ,16

rept( the ( of lb took Ileit Arth cieni him, his 3 Prin he is the' horn land resic Albs visit carri exte Fc

SeVO one Graf ths c Lad 3 liars bsirc s Marl rnari Its t, xt

In 101 ab,

1 ha,„ Wife tisht

tont? Th of N Just Suss ther( Castl there

Hall, room the a The , and t nf th been

ancie //Inch ertql,

each Elf ton 4tini

Real.; hc Tollo tanks `Pe et Worn, 111Thc

pleat lace, whil( bows half beau' Rau z( 'Was 'neat LIMN treat

)

l'orn4 1) t4e„i'r /tate • .%4 l'erap as f? cliff ttlt eVe ter if N„ • 4f. • - ' , •

===== 0002601_19060303_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
....,4 :: ~, ...0.4. L . ,-- 01' P— .4 41"• (.1 if , , P. .• .r V , 1.',.*, . , ,xl i 4: . . % •-;'4,3" , ..,,,'eN I„ .fr1,...X ".• t 4; e' - tt ?,- • ~ti, ~ -4,... . • , •ksr k .0. , ‘ -

Prince and Princess Christian.—King Edward was represented by King Christian at the silver wedding of the German Emperor and Empress, and at the marriage of their Majesties' second son, Prince Eitel Fritz,which took place on that anniversary. The absence of the Heir Apparent, the Duke of Connaught, and Prince Arthur of Connaught, leaves few royal Princes of suffi- cient rank upon whom the King can call to represent him, on the various occasions when it is impossible for his Majesty to appear in person, but the presence of Prince Christian in Berlin was singularly fortuitous as he is an uncle of the German Empress, and was one of the witnesses of her betrothal to the Kaiser. When at home, Prince and Princess Christian reside at Cumber- land Lodge, which, though not very large is a charm- residence near Windsor. Their onlysurviving a", Prince Albert, is serving in the Russian Army.but is a frequent 'visitor at Cumberland Lodge, where Princess Christian carries on much of her philanthropic work, and an extensive correspondence. Forthcoming Scottish Weddings.—There will be several notable Scottish weddings during the season. one of the most important being that of the Marquis of Graham, with Lady Mary Hamilton. Lord Graham is ths eldest son and heir to the Duke of Montrose, whilst Lady Mary is the only daughter of the late Duke of Hamilton, and is supposed to be the greatest titled s heiress in the British Isles. The Marquis and Lady Mary will doubtless both be present at the forthcoming Marriage of Captain Donald Cameron, who is now known ochiel, to Lady Hermione Graham. The wedding 'oh is flved for March 29th, will be comparatively lot Owing to Captain Cameron having only recently 'lla father, but there will be a large gathering of ?Qat* 11,2'es on both sides, including the Duke and t„"`aess of Montrose, and the Duke and Duchess of thlesoletich. Another notable Scottish wedding will be ' „,_of Lord Ninian, Crichton-Stuart, the brother of , p'e Marquis of Bute, who is engaged to the Hon. Ismav oreßton, the only daughter of Lord and Lady arrianston. i'vomen and Matrimony.— rf woman is not exactly on zevel with the angels, there is no country where she thotight to more nearly approach to that ideal than the United States. Yet there are many Americans I ',go are not ashamed to say uncomplimentary things ~._4oeut her, as hapnened in a recent discussion in the Washington Legislature on the subject of punishing 111. fe-beaters. No woman, it was said, remained single from choice, and further she would rather be married r and beaten, than unwedded. Social changes however, I bave altared opinions. and old-fashioned ideas that the I Wife was a "drudge," and the husband had a perfect tight to come home grumpy and pevish and dissatisfied with everything that was done for him, no longer find 400entance. Education, and independence have revolu- tionised many things for women, and nothing more so than their opinions on the subject and advantages of matrimony. The Ball last Norfolk at Arundel Castle.—The Duke and Duchess gave a magnificent ball at Arundel Castle week, to which moat of the country houses in West Sussex sent partiea. Since the Duke's second marriage , there have been several small entertainments at the Castle. but the ball last week was the first to be given there for'very many years. Dancing was in the Baron's Hall, ft great mediaeval which is said to be the largest room in any private house in the Kingdom, but most of the ancient castle fell into ruins after the civil war. The work of restoration was taken in hand last century, and the present Duke is responsible for the greater part of the existing Castle. Modern improvements have been introduced, but the attempt to combine these with ancient characteristics has not been wholly successful, and, according to some writers,the huge building retains Much of the gloom and discomfort of a mediaeval mtetle.

'Living Ont."—Tt, is rarely indeed that the Society 11,'bman takes tea in her own house now-a-days. Instead, fl[is repairs between four and five o'clock to her favourite restaurant, where she meets a crowd of acquaintanceseach , one trying to outvie the other in the matter of tornoon " creations." Of what use a house and a nne of servants ere to the great majority of society Vrnen it would be difficult to imagine. All meals,save tja°s.kfast, they usually take at riAtanrants or hotels, I4r balls, dinner parties, and receptions are given at ittrants and hotels too, and callers, save by special Otation, are not encouraged. Many and bitter have he:Art the comments upon the growing disappearance of 1.9,111 s life in this land of ours, but unquestionably more a8,51n5 to be said, for the notion of entertaining, and th Jar as possible" living out" is spreading throughut 4.2, whole of the middle class: Probably the servant ~411culty has much to do with this state of affairs more- tVer a great many housewives have discovered that en- :rtaining out not only does away with's vest amount of ii,(II.TY and personal hard work, but that it is really little ' any more expensive than when undertaken at home. Paris and 'Vienna Modes.—Some time ago, it was tleeided by our own modistes, that gowns covered with flittering sequins were no longer to be,nonsidered in 'ale best of taste, it is therefore surprising to find that The latest ball frocks hailing from Vienna, are veritable sheaths of sequins. Another surprise is the exceedingly Sketchy sleeve that finds a place in Viennese ball gowns. both in Paris and London, the mere strap of flowers, Lgetes, or velvet, is not considered correct, and it is to hoped that we shall not in this particular instance, Yellow where Vienna leads'. In Paris the Empire style 11344 first, here, it is somewhat on the wane. This fact rc's can scarcely regret, as to the majority of our country ftmen it is not becoming. , Ribbons.—At the moment it is a case of ribbons. 1 blbborm everywhere, narrow and wide, gathered and Pleated. For delickte floral embroideries worked on "(39 verY narrow China silk ribbons are 'being used, While for such ornamentation as the modish Louis 'XVI. ,bows, and true lovers' knots, bright satin ribbons, about palf an inch in width are preferred. Then there are the beautifnl raised velvet ribbons, pompadour ribbons, gauze ribbons, hand painted glace ribbons, indeed never Was there a wider or more varied choice in this depart- ment than at the present time. For neekties, belts, and liderwear, ribbons with the picot edge are having a great vogue. Buttons.—There promises to be a considerable

===== 0002601_19060303_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

WOMEN'S CHAT.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
g- a is 1..

===== 0002601_19060303_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

...

, SACRED HEART, WARRING TON V. SUTTON (ST ANN'S).—On Saturday the:billiard team of the Church of Sacred Heart Catholic Association played their return fixture at Sutton, he game resulting as follows : SACRED HEART. ST. ANN'S, SUTTON. P. J. George (captain) 100 D. Kerrigan (capt.)... 93 T. Corium E. Crank 49 J. Fogarty J. Gibbins J. Haitian H. Paton 7B N. Nolan lOO C. Mounfleld lOO H. Haverty 9l D. Noone J• Price 'J. Kenny 97 J. Roughley

924 851 Majority for Sacred Heart, 73 points.

( On Tuesday the result of a postcard poltaof Bath rate- payers to ascertain whether the citizens were in favour of accepting an offer of Hr. Carnegie to give £13,000 for a free library was made known. The voting was : For 2,109 ; against, 4,761.

.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, March 3, 1906.

WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

ANGLO-AMERICAN MARRIAGES.

It has often struck me, says a writer in the Sketch, that in the Anglo- American unions which have become such a frequent and favourite habit the wife must have moments of astonishment and disillusion in realising her husband's attitude to the Eternal Feminine, whioh is so very different from that of men in the States. As a well-known traveller recently set forth as the result of many experiences, the least-considered person in the whole household is usually the man who works hard for the benefit of everyone beneath his roof. "He is very generous this American father,': the author in question goes on to say, "considerate: to his wife, kind to his children, absolutely just at his death, inasmuch as he divides his money equally between sons and daughters. He has less leisure and less fun than anyone else in his household, toiling and slaving as he does inces- santly for the benefit of others." So, altogether, the American woman has undoubtedly the best ,1 of it in every way while over there, and it 11 must be rather a revelation to see with what calm unconsciousness our men sip the cream of life, leaving the second-best of everything as the natural portion of their devoted feminine belongings. I know one American bride who raged and chafed inwardly because her husband ' did not bring her flowers on his return every evening, open tine door for her on leaving a room, and perform various petits soins by which, as a matter of course, the was sur- rounded when at home; while he, poor man, was all the time wondering at the back of his mind why shts did not keep his gloves and pipes and impedimetAta large or small in the state of miraculous readiness to which an admiring mother and sisters had long accustomed him.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
CASHMERE INDOOR GOWN.

Our illustration depicts a graceful indoor gown of mauve cashmere, the skirt being ar- ranged in the becoming corselet style now SO fashionable. It is open a little at the waist in front, and laced across with narrow ribbon velvet a little darker in tone than the material. The skirt is very wide at the hem, and is

trimmed with two wide bands of velvet. The short zouare of cashmere is outlined with bands of velvet, and slashed on the shoulders to shew the full bodice of coarse lace, dyed to match the material. The sleeves are also of lace, and gathered into a band of velvet at the elbow, finishing with small tabs edged with velvet and a frill of the lace.

...R.*, 4 ' . . • IV *I f'.,w -: • e ir ...2* ,--,,,, 4,,,, , s, I , 1 , . \ . . H i I l', 1 , 0 i , W 1 !,'. .! ' , I , i i ‘i\ 1 r . i , t, , \ \, k k., I 111 1; lllti . V , 1 I PAY ' ,\ - :, , ,iIIHI v r , i , 'A . ' A - 11 . 'k. 1. \ , -- s rfiii: 4 • - - -4- V f . 14 4. ;44 , , ,I N 1 p:, . 'W- ;. , ~.,ep,,, • ~,i_,,,,L. " ' --Iril 1 I 'ffir 1 111 P I > 04,4.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
FUR AS AN ADORNMENT

We never realise the extreme beauty and be- comingness of fur till we see it in juxtaposition to some elegant fabric on gown or mantle. Fur is always the mode. Which of us can over re- member a time when it was not worn? But just now its uses are more expanded, and a vast variety of skins aro in demand as apparel in some way or other. In fashionable life fur is most assertive; capes, boas, and stoles all grow larger, and with them toques are worn to cor- respond, and bands of fur are introduced on to cloth and velvet gowns for day wear, and on to much lighter fabrics for the evening. Sable, ermine, and mink are most to the Pore, bu i t there s a great feeling for chinchilla, which ac- cords so well with the grey tones now so much in vogue. Perhaps this use of fur generally is the more notable, says the Queen, because, what- e-er we may have to find fault with, the winter is certainly a mild one. Thp only wonder is how, in what are considered hard times, so many women can afford to lock up many hundreds Of pounds in the long sable and sealskin coats you see on all sides leaving any ball-room or any fashionable theatre. There is a great variety in the shapes; long capes, short capes, sweeping sable coats reaching to the hem of the skirt, with wide important sleeves; semi-fitting short and long coats, especially in Persian lamb. Some have wide collars, some are liberally trimmed with lace, but few have stand-up collars, for, however comfortable, they no longer have the cachet of fashion. CHARMING SHIRT BLOUSE.

With the approach of spring plain shirt blouses become ever-increasingly popular. , A very charming example of such a blouse is- illus- trated in our sketch. The material used for its achievement is a fine white delaine with a nar- row heliotrope stripe in its weave. Down the front of the blouse runs a very wide box-pleat, adorned ori its outer edges with sows of

n-achine-stitching in heliotrope silk. Beyond this box-pleat are arranged on either side seven or eight buttons covered with heliotrope silk The upper part of the shirt has a novel ar- rangement of 'straps of the material, finished with rows of machine-stitching, and further decorated with large heliotrope buttons. The sleeves are of the modified bishop shape, and terminate in neat little cuffs stitched with heliotrope silk: 'A smart cravat of heliotrope ribbon, finished with a white turn-over collar, completes the neat and pretty blouse. HAND-PAINTED CORSETS. Hand-painted silk corsets form the latest acqui• sition of the eleE,,ante, and the most lovely ex- amples are to be seen in pale coral pink taffetas covered with a design of faded roses, or in the most delicate shade of mauve, the pattern of shaded lilac being carried out in mauve and white.

TO-DAY'S RECIPE. DUNDEE C.—Cream together 6oz. each of butter and castor sugar; flux together the finely- grated rind of a lemon (first washed and dried thoroughly), and Boz. of Panley flour, and stir into the creamed butter and sugar alternately with four well-beaten eggs. When all are well 'blended stir in from hoz. to Boz. of currants, loz. or 2oz. each of finglv-shrerlded candied peel, and ,oialienea ana rougnily-cnoppea ormolu's. Tyne). well mixed pour into a plain mould lined with two layers of well-buttered paper. strew loz. of blanched and chredded almonds u the top, sad bake.

;,,,:-.4.--:';•-•,,,,i'lt":..4_,,,':rt,,,-:1/4 il)., „,„, • .-.. _ "....:‘, .. . , p• ~_.,. \ , • , .....- , , • % ..•.•I .4,.--,,4. _ , If 1 \ \ • ly /7/ . 1 I \ , zo:Nr 41( . , ai 4' i • itri • I . , • •

===== 0002601_19060303_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Personal. Mr. J. F. Awbery, Master of the Warrington Work- house, on Saturday presided over a meeting of the members of the National Association of Workhouse Masters of England and Wales, which was held in the Lord Mayor's Parlour, Town Hall, Manchester. Mr. Awbery is president of the Association. On Saturday Grand Master David Houghton, of the Order of Druids, visited the Stockton Equalized Dis- trict of the Order of Druids. As a memento of the visit, Bro. J. Eaton, P.G.M., presented Mrs. Houghton, wife of the Grand Master, with a silver teapot and tray.

Up-to-date Fire Places.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge et., Warrington.—Advt. Crosfleld v. the Ship Canal Company. The Court of Appeal, on Saturday, on the applica- tion of Mr. 'Cripps, K.C., fixed Wednesday, the 14th of March, for settling the minutes of the judgment in the case of Croslield v. the Manchester Ship Canal Company. Mr. Cripps also obtained leave to serve the company with notice of motion on a question of costs for that day.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt. St. Mary's Dance The-annual dance in connection with St. Mary's (R.C.) Church, Latchford, was held at the Parr Hall on Monday evening and was in every way a success. About 350 persons were present and dancing was kept up with zest from 8 p.m. till 2 a.m, to music supplied by Mr. A. Starkey's excellent band. The room and coiridors had been tastefully decorated for the occasion, and the arrangements which were excellent reflected great credit on the committees, with Mr. G. T. Bibby as hon. secretary. • 3, ft. WOOD, Piano Dealer and Tiiner,Friars Gatp, and 47, Old London-road., Stockton Heath.—Advt. Warrington Entertainers at Crowton. A Party of Warrington artistes gave a successful concert in connection with Crowton Primitive Methodist Chapel on wennesday evening. There was a large attendance,Conncillor James Evans (Warring- ton), presiding. An enjoyable programme was con- tributed to by Miss Alice Woodland (soprano). Miss Lily Fairhurst (contralto), Mr. J. Willett (tenor), Mr. Percy J. George (baritone), Master Tom Barton, R.A.M. (violinist), Mr. E. A. Sanders (humourist), and the .Lyric Quartette Party. All the items were well received, the efforts of the artistes meeting with the warmest appreciation. • ASK for CUNHINGHS.M'S HIGH-CLASb lilmanAL WATERS.—Advt. Warrington P.S.A. Society. The weekly meeting of the Warrington P.S.A. Society was held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey- street, when Mr. J. Hamblett presided over a good attendance. An address on " Friendship " was delivered by Mr. E. Lloyd Jones, who stated that a London paper had recently offered a prize for the best definition of a friend, and the definition that was con- sidered the best was—" A true friend is one who comes in when everybody else has gone out." He proceeded to point out what an important part the choice of friends played in the formation of character, and made an earnest appeal to all present to make Jesus Christ their friend and guide. Two solos that were greatly appreciated, were rendered by Miss Winnie Jones, of Stockton Heath. Mr Rowland Hill was the accompanist. Councillor W. Clegg read the scripture lesson. The president also took part in the service.

Galvanized Boofing Sheets, Roofing Felts, Bzo. Large stook.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Band of Hope Meeting. _ . .

The monthly meeting in connection with the Ebeneer Church Band of Hope Society was held in the church on Monday evening and was well attended. Mr. H. Thornton, who was in the chair, gave an address to the children and young people, and it was followed by a recitation entitled " The miller's boy," by Mr. A. Hughes. The church organist gate a solo on the piano entitled" Fire, fire," and ai action song was rendered by Miss J. Hughes, Miss Aikinhead and others, the artistes being dressed in appropriate costumes. Miss Nellie Hart recited "I will marry no man if he drinks," and Miss E. Lee sang two solos. Another action song " Nellie's Dolly" was given by seven very small girls. Miss Jenny Hughes followed with a recitation and Harry Richardson gave "Tom Jones," Miss Jones a song, Mr. Jackson a pianoforte solo, and Miss England a song. Misses A. Dutton and Thompson favoured with a pianoforte duet " Aeross the snow," and the entertainment concluded with the song" Strike of the beer jugs," by 16 boys and girls. The meeting closed with the singing of the Doxology.

UNDER THE CLOCK for Good BOOTS.—Advt.

Junior Liberal Association. At the weekly meeting of this Association held at Gregory's Cafe, Buttermarket-street, on Monday evening three interesting biographies of eminent men were submitted by members of the biography com- mittee. —Mr. W. Williams read a pacer on Lord Granville "who filled with great distinction some of the highest offices of the State and by his tact and persuasive power was able to carry measures through the House of Lords which would have been rejected if piloted by any other man.—A brief biography of " Mr J. Passmore Edwards "was submitted by Mr. J. Haw elorn who pointed out that the subject of the paper was a successful newspaper man still amongst us who, having gathered finely of this world's wealth, had given the evening of his days a golden setting by a liberal-handed and intelligent philanthropy, which had brightened and sweetened the lives of many of his less favoured countrymen and women. Mr. Fordl read a paper on" Richard Cobden "and referred par- ticularly to the Free Trade struggle in which this great man played such a noble part. Cobden was the representative of the highest statesmanship and the true ideal of what a statesman ought to be. Living in constant and active intercourse with his fellowmen for 30 years, hemas never convicted and never suspected of trick or subterfuge, or hidden design. He was transparently pure. He laboured purely for the common, good, and sacrificed a leading commercial position to become useful to his countrymen.—A. dis- cussion followed.—On the motion of Mr. A. H. Rathbone, seconded by Mr. Derbyshire, a vote of thanks was passed to the essayists. —The meeting was presided over by Mr. H. W. Guest.

WEDDING PRESENTS.—Large Selection Of Useful and Ornamental Articles.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge at., Warringt6n.—Advt. Concert at Stockton Heath

The concert which was held on Tuesday evening I in the Hall Cafe, Assembly Room, in aid of the build- ing fund of the poor children's summer camp, was, I from a musical standpoint, a great success. It is to be regretted, however, that as regards the attendance the proceedings did not receive the amount of atten- tion which they richly deserved. The extreme inclemency of the weather probably mainly accounted for the smallness of the attendance and in this respect the promoters of the concert were most unfortunate. An excellent programme was opened by the Warring- ton Apollo Prize Male Voice Choir with the selection "Crossing the plain." Under the conductorship of Mr. Harry Berrey, the choir entered fully into the spirit of the piece which afforded admirable scope for them to show their capabilities. Well balanced, the choir was admirably represented in every department and their efforts were very well received-. Miss Alice Wbodland was evidently suffering from cold and was somewhat husky but otherwise her singing of " Dear heart ' was excellent. The Lyric Quartette (the Misses Woodland and Fairhurst, and Messrs. It. W. Cook and P. J. George) were heartily encored for a humorous item " tooth- ache ' sung to the accompaniment of suitable gestures, and in response gave an excellent rendering of " Killarney." Their efforts later in the evening met with equal success. Mr. Tom Barton contributed to the instrumental side of the entertainment with two well played violin solos in which he displayed unusual talent an an appreciation of the compositions. Miss Lily' Fairhurst was encored for the contralto solo " The Enchantress " which she sung with spirit whilst Mr. Dan Gittens gave a capable render- ing of "The deathless army. Highly acceptable items were a recital and a descriptive sketch given by Mr. Clement George whose only fault was that he was perhaps a little too dramatic. During an interval a brief address was delivered by Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins, hon. secretary of the Children's Camp,who emphasised the excellent work which was done by the movement. He pointed out that Lady Greenall had generously given £ll5 for the efection of an assembly room at the p3rmanent camp. It was desired to extend this work by erecting cubicles so that they could send adults to Ithe camp in the event of sickness.

Potroleum Oil in barrels and drums delivered free.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, bridge st., Warring- ton.—Advt.

t

===== 0002601_19060303_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
A VISIT TO "THE HOUSE"

[By Charles B. Parker.]

Being in London I resolved to visit "The House," to which, with great effort, and with a great majority, we sent a Croafield to represent Warrington. Along , with many others anxious to see the gathering of the. Commons of England, I sent in my card to our Member, and after waiting about a quarter of an hour. Mr. Crosfield with beaming face, came and picked me I out, and hurried me into the Strangers'. Gallery. I . was followed by the envious glances of at least fifty ! strangers who had not yet found their Members. "Come along, Morley is up, you- most not miss him." said his admirer, and up the stairs We went, and found one vacant place. I was soon looking down upon the historic floor. What a change since I last looked upon this scene, the men who for many years I had seen on the Opposition benches, and in a helpless minority, were in power, backed by the biggest majority of modern times. "C.-B." was absent, but. there was Asquith, Fowler, Brice, Gladstone, Burns,. Buxton, and Birrell. Morley was up looking more. alert and stronger than when we last saw him at Manchester, when he seemed weary after the comple- tion of his life of his great chief. Something about the psrtition of Bengal was the subject. The first words I heard were" I assure the House that I shall not, so long as I have any responsi.- bility for Indian affairs, be likely to depart from those. general principles of Liberalism, &c. Lord Percy followed and speke for the late Government, who were! responsible for this partition, in question. He spoke pleasantly and with a manifest knowledge of the sub- I ject. It would be well if this scion of the great House of Percy could !get rid of the nervous habit of washing his hands in invisible' soap all the time he is. speaking. After the Bengal amendment had been by leave ' withdrawn, we had an amendment moved by Sir WI Evans Gordon, the Conservative Member for Stepney. expressing regret that His Majesty's Speech contained ' no reference to the exclusion from this country of ; foreign labour during times of trade disputes. The funny feature about this amendment was that it was practically identical with an amendment proposed by Hon. Keir Eardie, when the Aliens Bill of last season was before the House—an amendment supported by the bulk of the Liberal party, and curious to say opposed by the very member who now asked the , House to express regret that it is not included in the King's Speech. The design of, the amendment was ' only too apparent. It was intended to divide-the Labour and Liberal parties, but the trap: was too apparent. Herbert Gladstone brought out clearly the inconsistency. In seeing the son of the great commoner speaking from the same bench from which I have heard' his father hold the House 1 spelbound I could not help drawing comparisons. The Gladstone of to-day is no orator like his sire, I but a plain blunt Englishman, who knows what he means and says it in language devoid of all orna- ment, and in words everyone can understand. He hiis made his own place and will keep it. The next i speaker I could hardly see from the seat I occupied, I but seeing that all the members assumed an attitude I of expectancy I bent forward and recognised that one I of the strongest of Labour memlsers had "caught the; Speaker's eye" Will Crookes rewarded the expectant 1 members by a slashing good humoured attack on the inconsistencies of the member for Stepney. The I Bill of last session was "a farce, a make-shift for I killing time," "my Latin for it"and members listened I eagerly for Will's Latin " is that the country was I " bluffed." Crookee will always be able •to hold the i attention of the House ; it likes honesty; and like 1 the rest of mankind the members like to be amused. Crookes took the bull by the horns and told ' ' the Tories that if they carried the amendment to a division, Labour wcaild help to vote it down; but that they, the Labour members, were preparing a bill of their own on the subject, and he added slyly he expected it would' go through as an unopposed measure. He is one of those who can move a• popular audience from laughter to tears and burst again to laughter in as little time as it takes' to tell it, and in , this be is greatly aided by a voice which he modulates 1 probably unconsciously, with wonderful effect. He delivers a few sentences with the force of an eighty ton hammer, and rapidly changing the thought and the voice, in tender tones he tells of home hardships and wrong. Not being able to see the speaker, more than once I got the morcentary impression from the change of voice that another member was addressing the House. Chamberlain had come in looking (at any rate from the distance)as young as ever, and was soon on his feet."ln view of the importantlatatement made regarding the Labour members' intention of bringing in a Bill he did not think it necessary that the amendment should be pressed." We all laughed, and were of the same opinion, and at a signal from the Speaker we adjourned for dinner. I joined our Member in the lobby, and seeing my other Member, the one who represents the constituency in which I live, Mr. J. A. Seddon, the Labour Member for the Newton Division, we button-holed him. We were soon discussing together the list of the exports of the kitchen department of the House of Commons, and between the free importation of the beef, and the cheese, we settled to our entire satisfaction the " Education Difficulty" and it is a great pity that Mr. Birrell was not with us; then by the aid of coffee and cigars we defined the limits of Socialism and individualism. When this was accom- plished we separated, the Members retiring to I the House to get the address agreed to, and the writer returning to his club to write these rough impressions of his visit to the House. By the way, who is my double in the House? I never pass the Westminster Bridge crossing to Parliament Square, but the officer stops the traffic for me. This is a courtesy extended specially to Members of Parliament. I went down to the House in fear and I trembling lest my double had gone under in the great flood, but again all vehicles were held up until I was safely over. Long may my double live to represent his constituency in Parliament and to represent the writer to the "force" C.E.P.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
NAVAL ESTIMATES REDUCED BY £1,520,000.

The Goveinment are endeavouring to make good their promises of economy and efficiency, and the Naval Estimates for the ensuing year show a decrease of over £1,520,000. The total sum asked for is £31,869,500, compared with £33.389,500, the amount of last year's estimates. The number of new ships to be commenced during the year is as follows :—Battleships, 4 ; ocean- going destroyers, S; coastal boat destroyers, 12 ; submarine boats, 12 ; total, 33. Of the four battleships to be commenced daring the year 1906-7 two will be built in dockyards, one at Portsmouth and one at Devonport, and two will be built by contract. In the case of all the new vessels it is stated that the design has not yet been settled.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Sensational Suicide at Wang ngton

A sensational suicide was inquired into by Coroner Brighouse and a jury at Warrington Police Station on Tuesday. It appears that James Jones, (48), wire- drawer, 3, Wright-street, was summoned to appear at the Police Court last Friday on a charge of indecent assault. As he did not attend the Court a warrant was issied for his arrest and with the object of executing it P.S. Bell accompanied by P.C.'s Burton and Reddington visited Jones's house at one o'clock on Monday morning. The sergeant was about to knock at the door when Mrs. Jones came Irma the next house and said her husband had locked her out. The officer knocked feveral times but received no answer and hearing a peculiar noise in the front bed- room he became suspicious that all was not right. Mrs. Jones broke a pane of 'glass in the kitchen window and by that means P.C. Burton effected an entrance and let the other officers in by the front door. On going upstairs a shocking speFtacle confronted them. Jones was lyinwn the bedlin the front room, divested of all his othing with the exception of his shirt. His throat was cut, and in his right hand he had a clasped table knife. Jones was unconscious, but not quite dead. When the police surgeon (Dr. Smith) arrived life was extinct.—Mrs. Jones stated that on Filday her husband appeared to be upset. He was very strange in his manner on Saturday night, and ordered her/ out of the house. ,He had been drinking rather heavily lately. He had ' never threatened to take away his life, and it was only the Police Court affair which had an effect upon his ' mind.—The jury returned a verdict of "Suicide whilst temporarily ir sane."

A record in cross-Channel traffic for this time of year h as been created during February. The numbers travell- ing by the midday turbine steamer from Dover to Calais reached as many as 400 a day, and train traffic from London has been doubled.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
PERILOUS CHILLS. First a Chill—Then Distressing Cold— Appetite Failed—Strength Vanished— Almost Bloodless— Doctor's Verdict: "Anmia and Extreme Weakness.''—

Is this your State of Health Also?

I, re MIRE o', rrin sg P her HA • - cured Miss Yates by supplying New Rich Blood. More than a tonic, they actually strengthen Blood and Nerves.

To all whose pale, weary faces betray antemia and weakness, the message of Miss Annie Yates, 31, Ash- worth-street, Dalton-in-Furness, Lancashire, brings romise of happiness and health. P Iwo years ago," she stated," I caught a severe chill, followed by a cold, which nothing could dispel. I was always shivering. My appetite failed me. I couldn't bear the sight of food, and my strength gave way, so that I could hardly stand. I was so run-down that it seemed as if life were leav- ing my body, for blood appeared to cease circulating. My face was pallid, my hands waxen. The awful dread came over me that I was going into consumption. The internal pains were excruciating. My illness so prayed on my mind that I couldn't sleep ; if I stood I became exhausted. "I consulted a doctor. Anaemia and extreme weak ness ' was the verdict. I went to the coun- try, but returned home worse. I tried all sorts of remedies, but spite of everything ii grew weaker. I could neither stand, eat, nor sleep, and my nerves' were in a very badj state.

(.

" At last I deter- mined to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and purchased a box. Soon I found an improvement; my strength began to return,and my appetite I also. I enjoyed refresh- ing sleep, and found Mtgs A/gym YA. that I could walk. I Cured of Advanced Ancemia and continued with the Extr,m,- Treakne,B3 bii pills until I was Dr. Williams, Pink Pills. restored to perfect health and strength, after other medicine had failed to relieve me of long agony. Work is now a pleasure." By their action on the Blood and I nerves Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have cured repeatedly Atuemia, Indigestion, Consumption, Eczema, Rheu- matism, Sciatica, St. Vitus' Dance, Paralysis, Locomotor Ataxy, and Ladies' Ailments: Sold by all dealers, or direct from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Holborn viaduct, London, post free, for 26.9 d. a box or six boxes for 13s. 9d. When purchasing at shops look for full name always—" Dr. Willittras' Pink Pills for Pale People" on package.

Artz ;.:*q

C-

.. ..,,. ...... . .... . . „ .. .. ~ .. , :',.?I'.:;:i.:::•."' --T$ ~*lll,-ir;4,14,- ft‘,,•..,',': , '. '':-:):::.!...11::::..-:,:::.;.1"te,l',.s4,,,, r-,,:.:-•;',', i ,1:.:/..•:Ir.',;:-..,:.::i.,.:,..",,'4,.4--t.' , 'f.-'...,,,,,,:',•••,.',,,-- j .Iti,4-.,•i,,..: 1 :.;•:.;.!....-',..!..7::;!;;1,;,'..,,N--.,-,- ' '''''''"' ' ... (~.,„ ';.,1:-:..'.....•-..".:.."- -.• w; pir* i-Y . ,'• ~a .... \ TES,

===== 0002601_19060303_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL EDUCATION.

Interesting Report by Mr. G. Walker.

IS THE TOWN " GETTING VALUE FOR MONEY P"

At the annual meeting of the Warrington Infirmary Workingmen's Committee on Saturday afternoon, Mr. George Walker, who represents the Committee on the local Education Authority, presented an interesting report on the year's educational work. He pointed out that in pursuance of their policy of co-ordinating the educational methods in the Borough, the Committee had secured a controlling interest in the Grammar School, and the arrangement entered into provided, in con- sideration of financial aid, for additional free scholarships and a reduction of fees. It was hoped by this means to increase the popularity and further extend the usefulness of the school to students who intended to follow a professional career. Two new schools had been sanctioned, and in one case the building was so far advanced that it was hope& it would be ready for use towards the close of the year. The cost of these schools would be very high but it must be remembered that the committee were not free agents in the matter as the schools must be built to 'suit the requirements of the Board of Education who preferred efficiency to economy and seldom sought to combine both. The estimates of the committee for the coming year slowed as usual a considerable increase in expenditure largely accounted for as in previous years by the annual increase of salaries to teaching staffs. In this respect it appeared to be one's privilege to pay and grumble. (Laughter.) If they felt assured that they received full value in return for increased expenditure they would have the satisfaction they desired, but there was a strong feeling, not confined to this town alone, that they did not. There were not wanting those who declared that the teaching was not so efficient and it was feared that the frequent changing of staffs and the 1 understaffing in some schools must be detri- mental to eiliciency. In explanation they were told that there was a scarcity of teachers and that was so But the policy of the experts who limited the number of schools available for the training of pupil teachers and fixed the high ideal which forbade the employment of article 50 teachers and would only employ certificated teachers was to some extent responsible for it. Why this town should refuse to employ teachers who were daily advertised for by other and more important authorities was difficult to appreciate. He had previ- ously asserted before that committee his belief that too many subjects were attempted in elementary schools. Officialism and faddists restricted the usefulness of the schools by attempting a curriculum of from 13 to 26 subjects to be taught in a week. That, he contended, was as unreasonable as it was impossible. There was no attempt even at variation in accordance with the spirit of the times. No wonder that work was indiffer- ently done. He was sure that good writing was almost a lost art, while the manner of holding the pen was almost as varied as the number of schools. (Laughter.) If the elementary schools taught e'ficiently fewer sub- jects, of which shorthand should be one, the scholars would be better qualified to take up workshop and office duties than they were now. The days of the three It's seemed to be past, but as one writer said : "We were still waiting in the wilderness for an educational Joshua to lead UR to the promised land of some prac- tical system." Mr. Walker expressed regret that owing to the poor circumstances of their parents many chil- dren were obliged to leave school at an early age and enter occupations ml which their education would be of no particular advantage. Those able to acquire a good education, he continued, realized the pleasures and advantages which were denied to those less favoured, but on the other hand it was a mistake to assume that even the most thorough education was the golden key to a successful business or professional career. In our workshops a good hustler was often preferred to the expert and intelligent workman and a willing worker to a profound thinkes, and such were the general labour conditions that inure was required from strength and expertness than technical knowledge. We were frequently told that we had fallen behind our competitors in trade owing to our lack of education but lan experienced American, whose name was an authority on the subject, told him that so far as twelve months' experietwe here had shown him, the fault lay with the employers rather than with the workman in their unwillingness to bring antiquated methods up to date. It was admitted that the evening continuation classes were not accomplishing all the good the committee had hoped for and they regretted the falling off in the num- bers attending the classes between the opening and the close of the session. The technical classes were main- tained at great cost and it was an open question how many studends attended hoping to gain a material advantage in business life and how many took a subject simply as a hobby or a recreation. The question of a national system of education was deserving of sad, he believed, was receiving the attention of our best minds. What was taught in our elementary schools especially should be eminently useful and as far as possible should suit the individual needs and prospects ,of the general scholar. There should be fewer restric- tions and less officialism to hamper the energies of the teachers and the greatest care should be taken to guard 'against excessive and extravagant expenditure which if carried too far might occasion a reaction they would all deplore. (Applause.) The MAYOR, who presided, said Mr. Walker deserved the thanks of the meeting for the very careful way in which he had dealt with the subject. Mr. Joirx FA.lncr.oupx, in proposing a vote of thanks, said the manufacturers of Warrington were awaking to the importance of secondary education to the working classes. At the meeting a the Chamber of Commerce it was suggested that action might be taken with a view to compelling the, boys employed by local firms to attend the evening classes during their apprenticeship. In responding to the vote of thanks Mr. WALKER said he had attended 156 meetings during the three years he had been connected with the authority and he , had always been treated with courtesy by every mem - her of the committee. He had been appointed on several committees, including the Sites and Buildings Committee, which was subject to some very severe criticisms. He was pleased to say that the Arayor was one of the strongest economists. (Hear, hear.) He at least was not on the side of extravagant expenditure and he had criticised the plans of the new schools with a view to obtaining the highest efficiency at the lowest cost. He certainly deserved the thanks of the town in I the matter. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19060303_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CORNISII RIVIERA.

People as a rule do not think often of health resorts and seaside places during the winter. Instead they wait patiently for the sunny days of the slimmer holidays. Most of them are unacquainted with the fact that there is a" Cornish riviera ' which offers great attractions of climate and health-giving environment even in 'the depth of winter. These people can extend their know- ledge by reading the well-written and charmingly illus- trated bookl6t issued by the Great Western Railway Company under the title of this paragraph. They will learn that the necessity for travelling to foreign climes in order to avoid the generally trying English winter exists no longer. There is no need to leave England, I for it can be proved that the winter-climate of the I Cornish Riviera rivals that of the chief foreign health 1 resorts in the matter of mildness and surpasses them in equability. The Gulf stream has slot to do with warming this corner of the country and the temperature of the sea-water seldom falls below 4f3 degrees on the surface while the temperature of the air remains at a higher minimum than at such places as Mentone, Nice, Cannes, Montpelier, etc. In addition to its climatic advantages, the Cornish Riviera. of course, includes some of the quaintest and most charming places in the British Isles. Resorts like Falmouth, Fow,iy, Truro. Perran- porth, St. Ives and others are well known by repute.and they will be found fully described in the G.W.R. booklet. Railway facilities have been greatly improved ; in recent years and people from the North will find it a I comparatively easy matter now to run down to tho 1 South-West corner of Engtind.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
C 2

zo

.4

===== 0002601_19060303_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
BABY TUCKER'S WONDERFUL CURE

Covered from Head to Foot with Hu- mours—Forty Boils on Head at One Time—Could Not Shut Eyes to Sleep—Doctors Did No Good.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
CURED BY CUTICURA IN ONE MONTH

Mrs. George H. Tucker, Jr.' 335 Green- field Avenue, Milwaukee, Wis., is a grateful mother. "When six months old," she says, "my little girl weighed a pound and a half less than at birth. When one month old a scab formed on her face, spreading until it completely covered her from head to foot, followed by boils, having forty on her head at one time, and more on her body. Then her skin started to dry up, and it became so bad she could not shut her eyes to sleep. One month's treatment with Cuti- cura Soap and Ointment made a com- plete cure, and now my child is as large, strong, and healthy as any child of her age. The doctor's and drug bills amounted to a large sum, and my baby grew worse all the time. Then we got Cuticura Soap and Ointment and cured her at trifling expense."

===== 0002601_19060303_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
CUTICURA A BLESSING

To Skin-Tortured Babies and Tired Mothers.

The suffering which Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment have alleviated among the young, and the comfort they have afforded worn-out and worried parents, have led to their adoption in countless homes as priceless curatives for birth humours, milk crust, scalled head, eczemas, rashes, and every form of itch- ing, scaly, pimply skin, and scalp humours, with loss of hair, of infancy and childhood. A warm bath with Cuti- cura Soap, and a single anointing with Cuticura Ointment, purest and sweetest of emollients, will permit of sleep for baby, and rest for mother, and point to a speedy and permanent cure in the most distressing cases, from infancy to age. Cutlet= Soap, Ointment, and Pi 11,,,.,, sold throughout the world. Depots: London, 27 Charterhouse Sq.; Pans, 5 Rue de la Pabr ; Australia, R. Towne a. Co., Sydney. Potter Drug Chem. Corp, Berton, U. S. A., bole Props. Mr Send tor ~13.0 w to Cure Baby I.Runotgre Mailed Fro&

" In the organism of man as in that of all the higheot animals, the materials for the nutritim of every portion of the structure are suoolled by the Blood. H the blood is diseased the hoc!), a diseased " " Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture is a guaranteed aura for 81031 and Skim Diseases," It is the most searchlog blood cleanser ever dis• covered and will tree the system from all iraparitles from whatever cause arising. For Sero'ula, Smrvy. Rz qua, Bad Legs,Fitno es and Sores of all kindaits effects are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials. eold everywhere at 2s, 9s„ per bottle. Beware A worthless Imitations and Substitutes. —Advt. 7. . . . .

UL tIKB'S 841 PILL,' are warranted to e 'raja eqq„,, sex, allacquired for constitutional disaharges from the UlnaryOrgans, Gravel and Pains in the bunts. Pro,' from Metxury. Bstablishei upwards of 33 years. In'boxes ea. Bd. each, of all chemists and Patest Medicine Vendors thron th- on tin, world, or sent for sixty stamps by the rn%lfrs. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, I.lnooln. Advt. _ _

FLORILINE 7—FOR TEE TSNTII AND FißSATlL—Thorotaghly cleanses The teeth from all parasites or impurities, buten' the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, act gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness alai a dellghtfui frazranof to the breath Price 24.61. for the liciatcl, or Is, per jar foe the Ploriline " Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Advt. _ _

VALUABLE UTBOOTHRT FOB B HAlR.—if your tullr Is turning grey or white or fallit, Pit use the MkrtOAN HAIR RRNEREO, flr It will paaltirely restore... every ease, gray or white, hair t,a its original colour. II mikes t.W3 hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promotiug ttae grawtls price 3s. 61. per bottle.—Advt. To MOTHER9.—Wri. WINSLoW.B Soothing Syrup pal beep used for over fifty years by millions of mothen for that chicken while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant tattaste; and p-nducei natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes" as bright as • button " of all tihewoata 1. 14.. e. nee Inqt,tl.

11

===== 0002601_19060303_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Cl

I

I

n 4...

===== 0002601_19060303_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
4

tEht " epmtner sterns

'IS " WARRINGTON AND MID-CHRRIIIRZ RZLNITNER." published every Battirds-, morning. THE EARLRFTOWN AND NRWTON MCA MINIM , published every Friday afternoon. rHE "ST. Elutubis Exiscrugu,' published every .1 Friday sfternoon. rag " RuNcoarr ExAmasza," published every Friday afternoon. THE " Wiiie Exiaarza," published every Friday afternoon.

THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEMENT AP &ATMS/ITS WANTED ROUSES WANTED AP ARTY ESTI TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLAN sous 'WANTS RTICLSB FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

===== 0002601_19060303_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Botnesstir OtrbantEc. etr.

WASTRD SARVANT GIRT, age 16 or 17 —Apply 18, L EAMINGTON PD., BlnekbUrn.

CIIINBRAL.—Pfages £ll ; 2 in family, Plain Cooking good referenoes.-13 GATCOMBE RD.. Holloway.

WANTIM. at once, MINIMAL SnRVADIT. atte about 20. Apply. 84, MELLING RD, Aintree, Liverpool.

WANTRI) gond GRIYERAL ; no washing; good home to suitable girl.—BßADettew'3 Aams,LeylAnd it. B'burn.

WANTIIII. ond of Id.reh. good GRABRAL SERVANT.— Mr,. IL PIOI7IIINGTOIf, 130. Heimptort ri., SouthpOrt•

WANT'S!) Cook-General, £2B; Parionrrnald. £2B; House- mald.2?.o ; fares paid. S. T.. 258 Falbarn rd.. London

VT ANTHD, COOK Glifilift&L £26, Parlourmald EM. f-fonmemald £18; fares paid.--1-1.. 253 Fulham rd.. S.W.

NVANTICD.—GBNBRAL SHRVANT from 20 t3O years of age.—Apply Mrs. GRUNDY, Crown Hotel, Hope, et., Leigh.

SERVANTS. ClNAtell. WANTED IMMEDIATELY Apply litiaT's AGENCY, n, Charlton rd., Blackheath, E.E. Free.

WANTED HOUSEKEEPER, for farm; to undertake all &ties —J. Ducxwoterw, Cow Hill Fold Farm, Walton. Blackburn.

CIOOK-HIILP WANTBD ; two other meld. kept. Suitable wages.—Apply by letter, H., Hawthorn Bank Stamford rd.. Altrineharn.

11[TABTBD.—COOK-GMNMRAL, no weaning, 217. , Apply with reference to Mrs. CHADWICK, Birch House, Sandy lane. zLockport.

WAhTHD IiITCHISIS-MAlu; Church of llngland. Apply, by letter only, to Mrs. SnEanmALSomeryille. Irlanss- o'-tb-Helght Manchester.

vANTED WOMAN SERVANT 18 to 20 years of age for farm.—Apply WILLIAM RoBEETS, Crompton Fold Farm, Breightmet, Bolton.

WANTRD. immeAlately, RHaPEICTARLH GIRL to train as Cook In small famlly.—Apply Miss CLKNON, Fair- field. Morsley. nr Manchester.

WANTHD COOK-GHNHHAL also Housemaid Waitress ; fimity four—end full particulars to Mrs. Simesms, Cowley Hill lane. St. Helens.

DOMIP)TIC 881iVe NTS with good references can be suited daily with good Pieces at HAIITWOOD'eI REGISTRY 82. Westgate. Burnley. Mt. 18M.

NVANTBD HOUSIIIRAID-GBNIMAL for high-class company house. Gol character. Wages 214.—M lases JAcicaots, 65, Promenade, Southport.

WAND,M 12th MARCH. experienced COOK; good wages ; age 25 to 35.—Mn. UORBETT RIGHT. Chesnut Ville, whmslow, Cheshire.

ANTBD LOOKB-GBNBRALJ, Parlourfualos La., for VV superior privaLe situations, Blackpool aud district.— Mrs. Dkau. 31, Talsot rd., Blackpool.

1.4 XCELLENT BITI'AIIOI4S for sil classes of servants, 14 characters required,-11185 BOTTOSILEY'S REGISTRY, Morley it, Bradford. Established IEB7.

WAllirllD. young GIRL as Help age 14 or 15. for country,near Oborley.—Apply stating wages required kixaminer " Office, Warrington.

ArITBD NUBS& HOUSHMAID two children ; good, TV he.ithy experienced girl unix need applyt;Xefetences essentiftl.—Bire. ANDERBON, 89. Rectory rd.. Burnley.

BLACKPOOL DISI itICT tiMPLOYEIIs' AGHNOY, 31, Talbot rd., wanted experienced cI&RVANIS all depart- ments, Hydros, Hotels, Scc. Season and permanent.

TRH WKST Ben 111POI8TRY COMPANY have opened Office, at 16, South King at.. Manchester. for hiab-class 1). mastic Servants, Companions, Helps. Houeekeepers.

WANTHD. GHNHHAL, 16 to 25 ; male to do a little cooking; no washing, nurse kept; good wages given. —Apply to 43, LARK HILL LANE, West Derby, LiVerpool.

WVANTI3D, good WO:MAL wages £1.3 to £23. Aleo Yung 041 as Nurse. Good references required. - Apply Mrs J•MFAHALLlWELL,BriarßOOd,Darwen.Laneeshire

WAN 1131). respectalle GISSISRAL ; willing ; age 0 to 25 years; comfortable home ; family two; small wash ; wages Cs. per week.—Mre. BECK, 5, Park rd., Alexandra Park, Manchester.

ANTBD, Woman as 01111131IAL ss KvAN r, In small TV house, near Manchester ; small family, good home; must have good character ; state age, wage and lull particu- lare.—M4N9ELL. Blsclarlars Works, Manchester.

Mae. FI(W,TON. Progressive iervants' Agency, 44, CHiliLliS ST., Blackpool. The oldest established in, Blackpool. Wants Servants with references, for Hotels Boarding and Private Houses ; good wages ; enclose stamp. Tele, 0637

.1 ABOHNISK SHIMS iiii-141SGAGiNo11iNT, head working 43 or Bingle-handed ; 17 years thorough practical experi- enced in all branches of gardening. Land and stook it req dred ;age .14 onarried ;good referenees.—Apply HOBKIIIII, 64. Phalip it., Boole, Chester.

ADY COOKS and others. desiring domestic employment (pezmanent or temporary) thetild Write for pArtiOnlare Of THE ARACHNE MAIDS' UNION. the Secretary. 60 Russell Square. London, W.O. This union provides employment and ' out-of-work pay ' for Its members...,

\Al-ANTED. —Add rase, Marlon Runnana, ot Naarquav, Cornwall. Nurse. Reward Hoz 3E99, clo SHAnitoW THATCHER, Polborn Place, London.

WANTHO. Old Artificial Teeth. highest price giveri.offers. If not accepted, goods returned.—TAYLOß. Manufac- turing Dentist, 19, High rd., Kilburn, London.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
gAarrs

£ 500. —BPorn'Tne:2iFt1 4 8 Hposmue s exlcnivnessivtmenCompany's e ott Interestn nd bonus In existen-e 4 years ; good Investment. What offer? —167, .fIOitTHRIIOOX ST., Liverpool, South.

partnerabtps, uointsseo„ Or.

eION FBCT TO N RAY. Te.eco, Toy,; good living. low rent, Price £15.-221, GREEN ST., Forest Gate.

13LACKPOOL.—Sp1endid COMPANY ROUSH. smnll TsluftrioO to Immediate purchaser ; 7 fledrooms.—Par- ticalars, 23 YORKSHIRE T. Near central pier.

GENUINB old establlabed plumbing buninees near London for disposal, same hands twenty-five years.—Apply rox 3275 e/., SHArmow THATCHER, London,,W.C.

I)orcses4. /53130, Ztbe *talk Szt.

BDROWN HORSE to be SOLD. 9 years old. 15 hands high, steady In all kinds of work ; strong shandry and harness —Apply. DENNLEI CLaRK, TrsYellers. Rost, Maghu 11. near Liverpool.

TT ORES safely cured of Worms by Thwaltes New Herbal ▪ Remedy ; 6d. per packet. free by post. 7 penny stamps. Directions with each packet ; no trouble. Horses eat it freely. G. THWAITIN. Herbslist, Stockton-on-Tees.

o bt

PENKIITH.—GOOD HOUSEIS WITH HARDHNS, 3s. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. IVY LODGICFROCIHALL LNB. rertnaed rent. 55, NYIW RD 40. 48. 9d. week. SHOP, 2, SOH OOL SHOW, rent Ts. 6d. week. _ _ -

SF[LW: 2. uOtAteri'd LANII, rent 46, 6d. week. Apply rbORERT Lome, Batate Agent. No. 1 Beni-street War- rington. Telepbone—NO M.

SHOP with dwelling In Beweey-etreet. Warrlngton.—Snite Milliner. Dresornalcer, Confectioner, Barber, &o.—Apply SRELLAND, BeVill•y St.

ToL FOL itt 17, LY LAMB, will be cleaned for good tenant. —Apply WOODS at SOX Solicitors, Iloraemarket Street, Warrington.

TOUiI3.-10 LIST, by-windowed House, 64. Bewsey st three bedrooms. bathroom.-0. OLDFIELD, 7, Bewsey it.. Warrington.

rFO LIM good HOTTHR in Derby-street, rent 4a. 6d. will _L be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply Woonk t Sos, bolicitors, Warrington. TO LET GOOD HOTJ'SR, Parker street, tent 355. month I clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS 8; SoN, Solicitors. Warrington

OFFRIBJ to be Let, over Urion Bank, Sankey Street, Warrington ; light and airy ; fire places and electric lights In each rourn.—Apply J. sIIDLOW. estate and business agent, Union Bank-buildings, Warrington.

PRIZE LISTS, ACCOUNT BOOKS, TICKET BOOKS, " EXAMINER " OFFICE, 13 EIVSZY STREET, WARRINGTOS

FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOCKS, &c.. BOUGHT FOR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT OR ADVANLBS MADE. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGE FOE INSPECTION 11 HAICILBY AND it, JO., 12, MOIR-STRBET, LIVERPOOL. ,

===== 0002601_19060303_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
a-

===== 0002601_19060303_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
•

; ,

• 4 •

I

4

• 4 ""*.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0061.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Votary, Ons, rt.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
(-WRAP POULTRY CORN, send P.O. 6s. 61 for two cwts, k.l —9PRZNORL. JOhnion it., Grimsby.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
14,408 barred rocks, grand birds. massive 3s. per sitting. 1:4 PATIToN, Woodstone Lodge. Peterboro'. DIMS Bred Buff Orpington Hags, 51. dozen.—Apply NoiImAX, Bury Hail, Lower Hdmonton, London.

UGGS, LIIGHOHN ORPINGTON, splendid winter layers, -CI unlimited run. 2s. doz.—lV/mu, Kirkham. Lanes.

EGCI43 FOR SITTING.-91xteen v m arieties from 3e, per dozen. Vet froe.—LAWSN BROTHIMS. 144, White- gate Blackpool,

===== 0002601_19060303_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
LIGGEI.—WHITH ORPING lON Hggs from pedigree layers JO (guaranteed 'ertile),3s• per doz. H. DE WINTON, Abbot's Lodge, near Gloucester.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
DROWN LRGHORN WINS. cook: strain. 3s. doz. ; .L) carriage paid; unfertlies repIaoed.—RDWARDMI, Hook, Treftgarue, Pernbrokestare.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
j2GG.-3PANGLII OLD If tiGLI3H GAMII ; also White 111 Wyanclottet, 3.. sitting. none better.—Lurti. 65, Peacock et.. Gorton, Aanchester.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
1,,0R SALE, 200-Egg Incubator (T.amiln's); usedi two lea- ionsl: ; too large for present owner ; price moderate.— DAVENPORT, Wheatley, Shrewsbury.

Ila Vii a house built. help given ; good interest for deposits.—DENTON. Devonshire rd.. New Barnet.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
LIGGS.-BUFF OILP:Nt*TON and White Leghorn ; Cook's 111 and Worcester Poultry-farm straine. Ss. sitting.—Mrss KENYON, Maples, Thorne. Doncaster.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
1( IN SALB, prize Bred Blue Andalusian and Barred Rock kJ COOKBILBLS, from ss. and Ts. 64, respectively.— Apply SMETHURST, Beechwood. Tottlnaton, Bury.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
LlGGS.—Finest SILVIIR-GELHIC DORKINGS. si; Dorking 111 Game, 2e 64. ; Indian Game, se. ; White Leghorns, 36. 6d. dozen.—Rwrog, Frodeeley Iteetory. Shrewehury.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Ea in tett

ACIRriTi wiint,d. sell 30g. suits, good oommission.—CAE TAILORIIO. Qneen's Road, Nuneaton.

ILK.—WANTBD,SmaII DAIRY.—J. FOSTER 31,Douglas it Higher Broughton, M.ndb.ester.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
A DVIIRTISHR wishes to adopt BAbv, any age. Premium required.—K., c/o. Clarlnghull, WhttatloA.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
4.NIED at once, good 6teady THABISHAN.—AppIy to LI•BURN FARM, West Derby, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
A, GENTS Wanted evervwhere.—Hatraordlnary profits.— HORACE SIMPPON & Co . flurnharn—on-clrouch.

WANTED, Foreign Stamps for cash, good price given.— WILLIAMS, 34. Westfield rd., West Ealing, W.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
IDELOYITABLB P&CKtT THII. AGHNOY.—Write for terms —ALDICILBON'S, 14, Argyle-Neare, London. W.O.

QHORTHAND.—Tborourcti and rapid tuition, by post Li 10s. 6d.—MAYFIELD, b 43. St. Lawrence rt., Brixton.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
AMC:US et ANTBD to sell oils, paints, ice. Splendid ewe- mieeon. —eddreie SEDDOX BROS.. tdannfacturere,Hull.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTHD.—B/ack-Cat Cigarette Coupons and i4tamps V V 3d. dozen.—MANBßßlDGE.33o,Vratt4,n re..Portananu Ch.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
riI‘NADA.- -Farm parties during March ; situations pro- vided; pay own fare ; stamp.— Mr. EMORY, Shrewsbury.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
WANT KO. quenticy clean so•ind WOOD L&Ii0 BUCKETS ; stnte qunntity, prloa•-6, WATERLOO RD., Stalvbridge.

DUYIL required, London ()tad lingineer, Hallways, Waterworks.—Mr. Wltsolt. 13, t3utherliad Place, Belarnvift. Longirn.

OLHBKINB.—Good sound square Skins, recent kill. bright ii.eoz Prime exessed skins. sold 3s. doz.— B•Kittl. Tanner, Chard.

UXPSRIENCED CERTIFICATED MONTHLY NURSE has vacancies. T.rms moderate. Highest references,- 116. HOOD LINE VankeV, ‘VarrinittOtl.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGHKST Prices given for high-elate cast-off Clothing, Old Artifleal Teeth,and Jewellery ; prompt remlttsnce —Mr*. GRIFFIN. 29, Lisrnore rd , Kentish Town, London.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WA TI TB D second-hand, empty, cli-an Flour. Sugar and other Sacks and Bags. titat• lowest cash prlce.,tellvered raiIs.—T.WiLLIAMS. 39, Newcastle rd., Wavertree, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, March 3, 1906.

Acifsrellanous, On zialts, ett.

sampla of an attraotive Novelty, lifelike.--21 Ban- stead et.. London, S.B.

CORris !—%Vby suffer pain? Send 6.1. P.O. to B. . t 93. Battersea Park rd , London.

4,2 HAVE IMUIISHLF.—Send Is. Barn. and Case.—AROLD & k 3 Co., 265. Gray's Inn rd , London. W.C.

ilfttOrtUantnuO, en gnlts, tit.

rOft BAZAAIRS.—Poptdir goods, bait-price; list sent.- 12 Viet% St. Peter's,Stockport.

CHOICBST BACON, 441 b. Bides Md. lb. ; smoked Bd. lb. mob, carriage pald.—Klataori, askrla.

TERRE POPULAR SONG, full music size, post free _l_ 6d. OLIVER'aI STORES, Routes, Maidstone.

agylcultural probuct, Birr.

PBRFBOT Plants produced cy using my Pot-plant Per Miser. 11. per tla, carriage paid.-11 limns SKITS Royston, Herts. QIIRD POTATOW3 for 8.111.11,81 r John Llewlyn's and Royal KI-ineys ; Rho large bog of Mangolds.—Apply, CLARKE, Upton Rocks. Widnes.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
d'A NB SHILLING Postal Order brings three beautiful I._/ Gent's Ties. post free.—TlE KING, Hull.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
MINIATURHS (coloured)in pendent, le. 9cl. Ari.139:1. 4 Station rd.. Finsbury Park, London, N.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
POliTCAßDS.—Befititif ul women, Lund-es.vonred, 25, be, post free.—MARS 123, C.:numb rd., Willesden

===== 0002601_19060303_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
IDICTOKIA.I. Card Clers., <le, 3s. 9d. gross, 493 samples, ls. free.—NGveLTia., 14, London rd , Strood Kent.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACK SHILOH coats and vest. 9i. lid. wurth 153. Send chest messure.—PooLE, 10 Burghley rd.. Bristol.

pILMS, Developrd, Printed, linlkrgea. Bost work only.— SICAPBHoT Co., Holmreok, Ccunrerland:

===== 0002601_19060303_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
A I.DHlib. seed.. —Grand collection. 26. 6.1. for 44 large ;IL packets, yeses supply —Szt.osmEN, Eltrocoi.Glos.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
HOME-MADEI Dessmt Choolates, 2s 41. per lb., post free ; sample 81.--Mles SloaGvr, VoPlas, Hes well.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
GOSS CHINA Coat-of-tarns, Stutngbourne, Kent. Is_ Is, 6d., 2r, post tree.—D&ll BASTOW, Sittingbourne.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
nOLLAHS.—lixeeptlonal offer ; alt hapea, 3e. half .dozen, post pftId.—JEFFERT. Collar Specletliat,Nortfnmpton.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
FVISIT, from Sea to Table ; bibs. 25., 10Ib. 3s, ; carriage paid ; satisfaction guaranteed.—SwEtems, Fleetwood. ISuperior Combinations, pink, natural, or white, I Zs. fkl. P.O —3l•inas AGENCY, 16. Briwte Leeds.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
pIiONOGRAPei with three records, 7r.; with elx, 9,. BANKER, Phouograph Importer. Dronfield, Stodll.,ld.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
f I HINT& KEYLESS WATCHES, splendid timekeepers, 46.9 d. each, postage 24.—Jassze.' 11, St. Mark's Place, Windsor.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
J NbURA6IOII.—AII classes effected througt2 expert. Sick- neso, endowment.—Write CROCKETT, Broad Street House. H.Q.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
(BHILLING POST&L ORDISR brings three beautiful Gent's Ties ; post free.—TlE KING, Hull.

POTATUBS.-112, lb.. evergoods, grand cooters, bags free, receipt P.O. or carriage paid 51. 3d. ; seed size same price.—BR. Grower, Wistiegh.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
PROMP r, cheap printing for all traciee•—Nur.ri PRESS, 293 St. John Street, R.C. Get estimates.

QAINT PATRICK'S DAY.—Real Shamrock In boxes, at 6d, 13 is. ii. 6d., 2e., and 2e. 6d.. poet free.—Address Mrs Wits., Stoney Park, Dundalk. County Louth, Ireland,

===== 0002601_19060303_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
ICI °Phi FISH lISOAPHS. 3s. • printed Instructions.—B IL Hamm 122 St. George's Road, Leyton. 11.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
QPBCIAL OFF UPI qt., MARCH 24rEc-10s. 64. Box- 2alf Boots for Bs. 94. ; send size, shsps. of t0e.—.8.. ELLIB, 72, Kingsley rd., Northampton.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
CASH 6i PIM ORNT.—E3O ihares Limited Commercial Co.. for £lB. Regular dividend last nine years.— dasrunls, Campbell rd., Croydon.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
I_lOW to win at racing reliable information—no rubbish ; letters or telegrams. Bend .address.—Lge, 36, Cramp- ton st., Newington Butts, London.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
I3&LIDNHSS —Genuine Hair Grower, never falls to pro- dace splendid, abundantoind Wossy hair ; recipe 15. POTTER, Vietoda rd., Homford, Hosea.

plAnned ot fo, New Ito,ds kJ and Buildings ; photo free of charge.—THE ESTATE CO., 32, Victoria at., Idanchester.

y OVH CARD.—Send one to lover to learn sentiment I/ towards yourself; selling thousands ; 3d. post free.— Bnowis, 23, Mlriford Gardens, London, W.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
STABLE secrets are costly, but are obtainable. Certain Lincoln Hcp. winner, and week's letters, Ss.—DOWSETT DAVIS, 30 Grosvenor Terraae, London, d

===== 0002601_19060303_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUtilld kept in repair. rents collected, 5 per cent on money colleetea4 Highest references—C. HOLDEN, 19. Carlton Vale. klalda Vale. London, N.W.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
BAZ&AR GOODS (dpeelal).6tl. and Id. Greatest •arlety am, value In the trade.—BALstog 51.s:rnawmcs, Ltd.. Plough Buildings. Gloucester et.. Blrmingh3m.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
SPLEiNDID Upright PIANOPORTN, Iron Frame. Check Action ; recently new ; wkrranty transferred ; price 17 grittiest; —Apply lioitooLtrouek, Croft, Warrington.

DAINTY Staffordshire China Tee-set, 22 pieces. artistic design. gold finish, 84.6 d. earriags. paid. Sample piece 9d —Emior.c.s, Asheslds rd., Newoastie-under-Lyme.

if '1 OLDIIN SILORBTS. A selection of American money- ,. Jr making secrets. No racing or gambling, 7d. post free. —A. GREIMWOOD. 27. Upper North it., Poplar, K.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
J ACH CURTAINS, new designs frrun Is. Did. per pair. 1.1 White or Hord, carriage paid. Illustrations free. CirixnErts, 34 Chapel Street, Bradford, Yorkshire.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
AaBISSTOS, Rubber, Leather, Vulcanised Meetings, and Washers. Steam Packing,. Any pattern quoted per return.—HARTWISLL, 7 Vassal! rd., Brixton. Loudon.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
LlUNNlTURB.—finormous saving, direct from manufsc- turers. every requisite or simile artiele.—W. and T. SPAULL Co.. 2.02. Bishopsgste et.. 8.0. List-. free

GIVIM AWAY FRIIIII.—A secret to fatten and Improve horses in 14 day.; with my invaluable Veterinary Recipe Book, 1.. Id.—J. BIRD, Wlabech. (Mention this paper).

LADIES' HOSlllRY.—Eipecial value, black cashmere, perfect fitting. 'ovules* (ribbed or plain). 3 pairs 3s. 6d. 6 pairs 61. 6d., post free.—Parm MICKEL Suaith.

CURIAINS and Laces, direct from the makers. newest eesigno. Send for Illustrated catalogue, and save money.—NOBFOLK CURTAIN AND LACK Cu, Nottingham.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
A LL sportsmen should send for my Double for the Lincoln ..t1 and Grand National ;it is sure to win. 45. 6d. or 2s. 6d either event.—G. McOANntotes, 12, kfuirhead at., Partlck.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
10HIAUTIFUL CURLIID (very long) White OSTRICH _LI FRATHRIC3 Peat free 78. 6d., any address in the worlrl. Worth a gufnee.—M WtL& Dawns'', Devonshire.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
Ivmon; CORNS 1 BRITONS CORN DIISTROYBEi affords immediate reltelAnd qulo%lcr destroys the corn. ls. lid. post free.—BEETog * Co., 13, Pelhtm rd., Cowes. IT JILT. grond quality, 8 lb. sirloin beef, 51. ; 8 lb. hind. 111 gnarl er, new season lamb. 5.., carriage paid. Pries list tree.- BATiwoot.s MEAT MARKET Co., Hornsey 'London.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

Anuttll'S POISON tor Killing ltats answers r cIB. —lle6len r el-sr °2ftd4. m KJ well. '' After one dressing so Ifo d 136 dead next morn- ing ."—J. BLISS, Heistborpe, Leighton. " killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."—ti.Cloolxt,Farmer, destroyed 145 rats with it."-0 WILSON, SANBORD SOB, Sands/ Beds. Sold by Chemist..

AND LIAMMOND'S ItHUISIBR —The cheapest and surest method of obtaining an introduction with view to marriage, or situation as Housekeeper, Companion, Caretaker, dm. ; small registratioa fee charged ' • no other charges whatever ; stamped l address.--Ttoez tts H•MMOND, 139, Hill rd., Cambridge,

There are not many seats THE CITY that Mr. BALFOUR could ELECTION, have won whilst the nation is in its present rational temper. It was his good fortune to possess a relative who was in a position to offer him a seat that it was impossible even for him to lose. What might have happened if it had been possible to prolong what has been an exceedingly brief con- test belongs to the field of conjecture. Nobody, of course, expected Mr. GIBSON BOWLES to defeat the late Prime Minister. Mr. BOWLES did not expect it himself. The City, once extremely Radical is now overwhelmingly Tory. It once maintained a brave fight for English liberties. It stood so stoutly by Jortx WILKES, on grounds that would now be called Radical, that WILKES himself, who was a hero scarcely worthy of the occasion, became ashamed of its fervuur, and declared that he was "no Wilkesite." It erected monuments to BRASSCROSBY the Lord Mayor who defied both Parliament and the Court in behalf of the freedom of election and liberty of speech. Even in much later days it was soundly true to Liberal, or, perhaps, to speak more accurately, to Whig tradition. It returned LORD JOHN Russum, to Parliament, and was proud of having done so. But that was in the days before the City had begun to feel the f all effects of Free Trade. The tradesman then lived above his shop. He now lives in his suburban villa. Tne merchant had his residence within the square mile of the City boundaries. The stockbroker was much more frequently a resident than a person who went to the City in the morning and left it in the after- noon. There was a real constituency of residen- tial voters, where, if the actual residents were polled to-day, there would be a constitueticy of servants and caretakers. Those who elect the members for the City of London do not live there. They live at an average of thirty miles away, in anything from WHITTAKER WRIGHT palaces to 11 villas of the more modern class. They form a I rank, a class of their own, and the great majority of them support politically the class, the rank, that is above them. They are on the side of "established institutions," which means that they are bent on climbing up to what is above them in the social scale, whatever that may be. Mr. Giesox BOWLES has had an experience that he appears to have found very delightful, but has been rather a rough one on the whole. The City man has no fineness of feeling when an election is in progress. He is the schoolboy who has grown up into a man. Mr. BOWLES, who is a great yachtsman, holding a master mariner's certificate, roughed it "in the City with evident enjoyment We doubt whether Mr. BALFOUR liked his City experience quite so much. It is probable that he will like the neW House of Commons even I less. When he gets back he will find it a I House greatly changed. He and his brother Gerald rejoiced not very long ago over the bright prospect of doing as they liked with a Liberal Government. Gerald has been swept away by the tide. His elder hrother will go back to a House that, so far from not knowing him, knows him too well. He has cut a great figure there in his time. 1 We will do him the justice to say that in the last I Parliament he wielded an almost miraculous sway. But those times are all past and gone. Mr. BALFOUR may do his very best in the new House of Commons, as no doubt he will ; but he will find it singularly regardless of those arts and artifices which so conquered the mind of its prede- cessor. He will find, in fact, what he has never before known—a Parliament determined on doing business.

It was fitting that Mr. THE BOROUGH A. H. Crosfleld, M.P.,should MEMBER. preside at the powerful lecture delivered in the Parr Hall on Thursday evening by Mr.W.Madden, on "Daniel O'Connell." As is well known, the Borough Member has always had a warm sym- pathy with the political aspirations of the inhabi- tants of the Sister Isle which first found I unmistakable expression in the lives of such 1 high-minded men as Daniel O'Connell. Great interest centred in Mr: Crosfield's attend- ance, as this was the first occasion ' since his triumphant return to Parliament that he had had the opportunity of addressing the towns- ' people on political all sirs. His speech was a well-chosen ORO embodying interesting impressions of Parliamentary life and thoughtful views on the great questions which confront the Governmentit is more than gratifying to know that his short ex- perience in the House of Commons has thoroughly convinced him that the government have not the remotest intention of holding office on a mere negative policy. Great social reforms demand attention and there is an honest determination to grapple with them in a way which will benefit the mass of the people. Mr. Crosfield was right in commending the Government's courageous policy lon the South African question and, coming to home affairs, the workers will be pleased to note Mr. Crosfield's sympathetic attitude towards Labour and its representatives. The electors are justified in hoping great things from the Govern- ment, and Mr. Crosfield's constituents may be assured of his loyal support to measures of justice , and progress.

We are pleased to note that Rantrcpro PUBLIC- the Warrington Licensing HOUSES. Corn mi t tee contemplate taking steps at the adjourned Licensing Sessions on Friday next to reduce the number of licences. It was apparently with this object in view that the renewal of Ilicences was deferred from the annual Brewster Sessions and last week-end the committee mot and thoroughly discussed the matter. The remit was that instructions were given to the Chief Constable ,to give formal notice of objection to the renewal of four licences within a radius of 400 yards of , Market Gate which the committee consider unneces- sary. Under the Licensing Act the procedure to be adopted to effect this little reduction is somewhat complicated. The Chief Constable will make the objections at next Friday's sessions and if the Licensing Committee adhere to their intention they will renew the licences provisionally. The whole question will then be referred to the Cora- -1 pensation Authority, which consists of practically all the Borough magistrates, and if they agree to close the houses the amounts of compensation will have to be arranged. As there are seventy-three licences within a quarter .mile area of Market Gate —giving an average of one to about every 100 inhabitants—it is almost unnecessary to urge the desirability of a reduction. Some of the streets can indeed fitly be described as "congested areas' and the policy of the Licensing Justices in avail- ing themselves of the very limited powers con- ferred by the Act will, we venture to think, meet with the approval of all who have the welfare and advancement of the town at heart.

The freedom of the small JUVENILE SigoEEEs boy to buy " fags " when BEWARE, and where he wills is likely to be very much curtailed ere long, for Dr. Macnamara, M.P., is shortly to introduce a Bill aimed directly at juvenile smoking. The Bill provides that no person shall sell, give, or supply tobacco in any form to, or for, the use of any person under the age of sixteen years, under penalties of 203. on a first conviction, 40.0 n a second conviction, and in addition to the foregoing penalties the licence (if any) held by such person for the sale of tobacco shall in case of a third con- viction become void, and such person shall be dis- qualified for a term of five years from the date of such conviction from holding any such licence. Much of the credit for this prospective beneficent 'legislation is due to the labours of the Inter- national Anti-Cligarette League, founded five years -ago, and which has already eurolled over 65,000 boys pledged to abstain from tobacco until the age of 21, while the membership is still increasing at the rate of 400 a week. We are inclined to regret somewhat that there is no prohibition against juvenile smoking, such as obtains in some of the American States, for neither the prospective Bill nor the efforts of the League will stamp out alto- gether the baneful habit which seems to be speed- ing among the boys of the nation. Between them, however, they will certainly lessen the evil very considerably, end for that we should all be devoutly thankful.

The Cyclists Touring Club INTBRESTING TO draws attention to a recent CircusTs, case which is of interest to all cyclists and local author- ities. A Mr. Turner of Bournemouth sued the Poole Town Council for £2 2s. compensation for injuries Sustained through a side-slip in conse- quence of excessive road-watering by the Council's workmen. The road had been dry for some days and was the a heavily watered with the result that a mass of mud was formed in which Mr. Turner came to grief. He reported the matter to the C. .T.C. who eventually took the case up, but before it could be heard the Poole Town Council paid the amount claimed with costs. The resolve of the defendants tolcry " Peccavi!" and dispose of the claim made against them without going into tlourt, is in a sense disappointing, for it would have been interesting to have seen the matter fought to a finish. As it is, however, the C.T.C. has succeeded in establishing the principle that Local Authorities may not flood their roads with water in such a way 55 to endanger the life and limbs of any class of road users, aud it is to be hoped that the action of the Club will have far-reaching effects. It should certainly be borne in mind by Warrington cyclists, for many of them have been victims of what seemed exces- sive watering on Warrington Bridge—one of the most dangerous spots for the cyclist in Lancashire and Cheshire. Last summer the bridge, with its net-work of uneven tram-lines, was watered with a persistence that suggested a fear of spontaneous combustion on the part of the authorities.

The announcement that How WE STAND. Mr. Bernard Shaw will deliver an address to-day (Friday) before the London Vegetarian Associa- tion, taking as his text the words, "How We Stand," has given rise to much speculation. When that master hanci decides to expand on "How We All Stand," one would fain understand a subject so grand. Yet, from the title of the forthcoming address, it is difficult to gather how the eccentric , dramatist will treat the theme he has chosen. The answer t "How Do We Stand ? " might well be "On two feet," that is to say, human beings do, but quadrupeds support themselves on four under- standings, and centipedes have no fewer than one hundred. Inquiry into such a subject by such a brain as G. B. S.'s should be most entertain- ing. Again, the answer might well he, "We stand in an erect position, or, as Milton puts it,"Godlike, erect, with native honour clad," instead of having our heads down like the beasts of the fi3ld. This aspect, again, treated by G. 8.5., should be most exalting. As a psycho- logist, he might maintain that while time passes we, during our earthly life,nevertheless in actuality "stand still." Although we think that our ego moves we are mistaken, and a brain like G.B.S.'s could no doubt convincingly demonstrate this hypothesis. Further, if the text "How We Stand " relates to precedence, the answer of course is "We stand in our pro- per order, either as regards seniority or rank." But rank being merely the guinea-stamp, G.B.S. might have a word to say about that. If the ques- tion is to be taken in a Parliamentary sense, and is asked of ,a Tory, the reply would he. "We stand, most of us, unsuccessfully." If the Lord Chamber- lain were asked how we stand, no doubt he would consider that we stand on ceremony. Finally, society stands a lot from some people, especially from G.B.S.

This is the gollen age for " Ham " the new Parliamentarian. SPEECHES. The opening of a fresh House of Commons is always something of ar, opportunity. For the first few weeks the Chamber is certain to be well filled, no matter what the topic under diacussion. The novitiate is making himself at home in his sur- roundings. He is interested in everything, from the:brilliant Minister or ex-Minister and the dash- ing free lance to the acknnowledged bore of whose achievements he has road. When he rises to make his maiden speech, therefore, he is sure of an audi- ence. The present Parliament is exceptional in the matter of the" maiden" speeches that have been crowded into its first days ; but that is a result of the amazing changes in the representation of the country. Several of thoss who have ventured already to address the House have been Labour Members,and generally they have acquitted I themselves with credit. They ara the evidences of the new order of things Parliamentary. But the old order is not entirely extinct. Oae of the new Members to venture on a speech was Viscount Castlereagb,the scion of a house famous in history; and it was interesting to contrast the manner of the young aristocrat with that of the democrats who had preceded him. In both there was modesty ; but to the observer the atmosphere of tradition hung about the phrases of the nobleman, and carried back to the days when maiden speeches were events looked upon with fatherly interest by the elders of the House. Tunes and conditions change, and for the better; but even 80 there is still virtue in continuity.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
A NTIQUB FURS' MRS and working connectiou•—listab. ./11. 7U years.—ANGELL, 20. Highgate rd.. S.W.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
pIG BUST.—French secret ; large case, secretly packed 2s. 6d, P.0.-WIDCOMBE, Lowlands rd., Harrow.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
100 PusTCrittDa. Actors, Actresses, views. tree, 8 stamps. MtrniC DEPOT, Market Mall. Birmingham,

===== 0002601_19060303_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
BbIINGTON IMlru ritHAlllirt TYEIHWRITHUS for SaIe.—JAME9 CRIPTON, Civil Service Institute, We t Bromwich.

10111 ATENT FOlt SALE.- Novel and valuable means of advcrtislng.—W. H. Hot.Loway, 31m, St. James Place, Llverpooi.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
MOSNBskial BUSYBNDIChS are used by 60 horses in one 11 firm.—Send for illustrated circular to G. F. CHILE Ducbess td., Birmingham.

A EMI' BRIRTe, splendid valor, 2s. 6&; 2 for 41. 10d. IX Military .ocks. 3 pairs 2s. 9cl. post tree.—J. U. Mot at Nest, Lavlngtort, Wilts.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
A DVICH FOR PARENTS.—Be wtee and get It at once Li pamphlet free a4„alnut ona sLamp.-- tiORISO, 49. Comp- ton mi.. Highbury, London.

OiI.RRIAG9 PAlD.—Mounted Enlargement, 59. LID. any photo; 20 ins. by 16 Ins.—tiasni,x, To wnend Street, Godftirning.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
A STROLOGY.-oharaotPr, Finance, fdarriarge ;tw yaara it future adthd. Send airth-date, 14. ik 0 —Prof. GOULD. 27. Winchor rd , Newport (Mon.)

QPLUNDID VALITH for 15s. 8d Carrlege Paid. Costume 1..3 Skirt, Ryden Biome and Under tiki,t.-10/. LIODLE, 19, Oath4ee rd. Bathem Hill, London.

Niv By 11.te Si AIN UNIIKYLOY ?You can make good money by selling honseh )1d article in large demand, either sex —CYMRAZG Co., Barmonth.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
PIANO, £8 Bs.—Good second-hand Piano ; guaranteed ten years ; tuned tree 12 months. -J. IL WOOD, Friars-gate rind Old London rd. Stockton Heath.

PtANISTTB, foil ootay., Bord. Parte ; heavy walnut frame; forfeited pledge ; price £l2—p. J. WALTER, Pawnbroker, 194, London rd,, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
A BIRRIOAN ORGAN, solid walnut frame, in good order ; tit genuine forfeit; price £8 176. 6d.—F. J. WALTER, Pawnbroker, 184. London rd., Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
MASSIVB Virelnut Sideboard. 4ft. wide ; beet bevelled plate; nvarly new; ptica 15g.—F. J. WALTER, Pawnbroker, 194, London rd., Liverpool,

===== 0002601_19060303_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
OHTYLEbiIt Gas Generator, complete with purifiers PI carbide contamer,aad 1 cwt. of carbide,genulne bargain, £8 10s.—ditistatoia. Primrose Hill, Hadlett.

DHONOGIMPH USER.—tfave your Reproducer fitted with Coamos' diaphragm and Sapphire. Is. .id. post free.—Coasme, St. Nicholasst., Leicester.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
PaallNTB.—lnventera ; valuable Advice to those without experience ; save pound* ; not a gulde-boolc. Ea. 6d. P O.—LENDLEs Latham rd., Twickenham, Middieeex.

1/10 POST PRlCH.—datety Razors, extra hollow grouad, bbeffield blades ; thousands In use —Kantor HARDWARE eUPPLY Ca 28, SOnth ()with, it., Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
riIYPYWRIIING (Remington) copying desired by expert- enced typist, 9d. Icoo words, free. Accuracy, prompti- tude. Antbors' reterences.—Aname, 5 Whellock rd..acton.W

===== 0002601_19060303_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
OTLIART'S timed." Genuine" Tailor mane Costumes and 0 Dresses to measure from 425. Write for patterns and new rathion Bo?kIet.—STUART (from Set3oolbrede), 20, Albeny et.. Regent • Park, London.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
eftatrimonp

saltira.TßllnufflAL POnT,' sealed envelope, 6d., with .I.U. circular 9d., established over a quarter of a century.— linfloa, Rooms 944, Trafalgar Buildings. Loudon .

===== 0002601_19060303_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19060303_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

_ -- London's Lord Mayor is called upon (as he has just declared in a speech) to sign his name, on an average, 2,000 times a day.

* * The Town Clerk has been granted three months' leave of absence. We hope that the change will result in his being restored to good health. * to, * Will Warrington F.C. win the Northern Union Cup again this year? The question is a very open one,and the answer will be easier after this Saturday's match at Batley.

* * * If any of our readers have tried Oesophagostonaiasis we should like to hear from then. It is a new disease which the Medical Officer df Health haa lately made the acquaintance of. * It is not generally known that the reason why the electorate are only empowered to vote for one candi- date, although two elective auditors have to be elected, is to prevent the office from being captured by " cliques ' or interested parties. Since the compounding scheme was knocked on the head we have not heard much of that old, trusty, rusty servant, the " Water-Lily " at Winwick. A. minute of the Water Committee now shows that the famous beam engine is to be dismantled and repaired. * * * To win a certificate for writing 240 shorthand words a minute is the ambition of Mr. W. G Geohegin of m Drucondra, for whom a special examination is being held in Dublin. lithe examiners have not had special training for pouring out English at this rate they might apply to Alderman Bennett, Warrington. ne can give all the local reporters a start and win easily. * * * Day trips to the Continent are fast becoming popular Last year an excursion was run from Haslingden (Lancs.) to Boulogne, and this year a trip is to be run from the same place to Brussels. Now it is announced that under the auspices of the Nelson Co-operative Society's Education Department a trip to Paris is in contemplation.

* * * Man's canine friend has been making himself dis- tinctly useful this week. The other day a dog in the possession of an Oswaldtwistle collier saved the life of his master's child by barking violently when the infants's clothing caught fire. On Wednesday, in London, a dog saved a whole family from suffocation by whining loudly when poisonous fumes invaded the premises during the night. * * Old-age pensions will cost the nation a lot of money Iwhen they materidise. Mr. Asquith,the Chancellor of the Exchequer, states that the number of persons above 55 years of age enumerated in the census of 1901 was 2,018,716. To provide them with a pension of 58. a week would require over £26,225,000 a year. This should be a mere trifle' however, to a nation which voluntarily spends £187,000,000 a year in drink alone.

* * At last there appears to be a prospect of Warrington having a General Post Office more in keeping with the growing requirements of the town.. Government departments have a way of " hastening slowly " very slowly—and a considerable time has elapsed since it was decided to erect a new office, and the site in Springfield-street was selected. Now, however, tenders have been invited for the carrying out of the work so that the scheme should not be much longer delayed.

* * The workingmen of Warrington appear to realize I their duties towards such a beneficent institution as I the Infirmary, the contributions of the past year hav- ing totalled £960. It is the atiabition of the hard— working committee to raise£l,ooo per annum and their enthusiasm seems to indicate that this worthy ideal will be attained during the coming twelve months. The need for funds is all the greater as the Board of Management have decided upon an extension scheme which has become absolutely necessary and which will involve about £12,000 expenditure.

* The members of the Catholic Young Men's Society must have been rather more relieved than otherwise at being deprived of the opportunity of debating against the taxation of land values with. their Liver- pool rivals. This is one of the questions on which it would be hard to discover a negative argument of any weight, for men of all parties are becoming fully alive to the urgency of this great reform. Moreover, the local debaters thus easily got rid of formidable opponents and obtained two valuable points in the competition.

* 5 * It is becoming very evident that Warrington must have an unenviable reputation with the Local Govern• - me Board—a reputation which we presume has been earned by the long-continued policy of " monkeying." Every application from Warrington appears to undergo very close scrutiny, and oftener than not lately the Board has found means of administering a rebuff. The latest snub for the Corporation is in regard to the new street scheme. Certain expenses incurred thereby were included in an application for power to borrow under the Warrington Corporation Act 1899, but the Board has replied that the Act cannot be regarded as authorising the construction of this street and they have struck out sums amounting to .e,781. The money, we presume, will have to come out of the rates. We hope there will be some reference to this matter at the Council meeting on Tuesday, for it is high time steps were taken to avoid these awkward and not very credit- able disputes with the Local Government Board. *s* We have pleasure in congratulating Messrs. Bolton and England on their return as elective auditors, and at the same time we sympathise with Mr. Bradshaw in ]us narrow defeat. The electors were in the unusual Position of having three good men and true to select from, but out of over 10,000 electors only 1,121 went to the poll. Messrs. England and Bolton were the victors because, though quite independently nominated, they obtained considerable party support. Mr. England had some enthusiastic Liberal and Labour workers, while Mr. Bolton has a good deal to thank Non-trading friends for. The principal point is, however, have we got suitable men for the post? This question may be at once answered in the affirmative. We hope Mr. Bolton will join Mr. England in the undertaking the latter has personally given to explain the Borough accounts at a public meeting held on a year. The innovation is one which would be appreciated in War- rington where economists bulk largely now-a-days.

Notice. The Warrington "Examiner" is now published on Friday afternoon, price one penny, and is ou sale at the various newsagents at about 4 o'clock. Should any difficulty be experienced in getting the paper the proprietors will undertake to deliver a copy at any address in Warrington by 5 o'clock on Friday after- noon without extra charge. Address all communica, tions to" Examiner Office," Bewsey-street Warrington

===== 0002601_19060303_art0131.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•A

===== 0002601_19060303_art0132.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
( S t

P

===== 0002601_19060303_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
al o

01 /Li

===== 0002601_19060303_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
,;.., , • ..,...::. 7-..,:!"...,:...,... •::k:',-.6 ',',...5.'::::.':. .'•;:;',..''-;:',

===== 0002601_19060303_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

CURIOUS RUNCORN PROSECUTION.

At Runcorn, on Monday, Henry Shepherd, licensee of Rutter's Vaults, was fined 20s. and nearly £3 costs for permitting drunkenness. Both licensee and his wife were away at tie time of tie alleged offence. It trans' pired that defendant was frequently at sea, and the Bench instructed the Clerk to call the attention of the licensing justices, as if houses were kept by men who had other employment, and therefore could not look Droperly after the business, it was not fair to other xicensed victuallers nor the public, nor the police, who had to watch these houses in the way they had. A FORGOT TEN LESSON.

At Widnes, on Monday, Terence Dolan, a St. Helens Than, was sent to gaol for three months on a charge of trying to obtain money by means of a trick. On February 20th he wrote to Mr. Ray, an agent for a Wigan colliery, asking him for money because of repre- sentations he had made to his firm respecting the com- pany's coal. In it he stated that he had spoken well to his employers on the quality of their coal, and asked for some allowance in consequence. The police were acquainted with the letter, and it was found that Dolan had never worked at the works in question, and had never been there in his life. The bench said they were determined to put a stop to this practice. Only last Week they had ha.d a similar case before them, and it ought to have been a lesson to him. FALL FROM A TR4IN.—EXTRAORDINARY ESCAPE FROM-DEATH.

I

At a quarter past eleven on Sunday evening, at Widnes, Police-constable Dickenson's attention WWI called to a man shooting for the police in Victoria,•oad, close to the London and North-Western Railway Station. He was apparently under the influence of drink, and on the officer going to his assistance he informed him that he had fallen ont of the 10.45 train from Liverpool to Warrington at Widnes. Examining the man, the policeman found him to be bleeding from the left ear, while the right side of his he id was severely bruised, and his left arra also bore traces of injury. Dr. Brehner was sent far, and ordered his removal to the hospital, where he was detained as an In-patient. When he had sufficiently recovered he gave his name as Thomas Simpson, a seaman, of South Shields, and said be was a passenger by the 1045 to Warrington en route for South Shields. When close to the station, he said, he had fallen out of the train. FALSE PRETENCES AT WIDNES.

I

I

At the Widnes Police Court, on Monday, before the Mayor (Alderman S. Quinn) and Alderman J. W. Ware- ing, Richard Malone (19), of 3, Gas-street, Runcorn,was charged with having obtained the sum of 45.6 d. by false pretences, from Mrs. J. Greenhalgh. Widnes-road. He pleaded guilty.—Superintendent Strickland said that the prisoner had been employed up to the 3rd of February by Mr. Walton of Warrington, who traded as "Naylor's." confectioners. He went round with a van and one of the customers he called upon was Mrs. Greenhalgh. On the 19th February he visited her and said he had had to put the horse up as it had lost some shoes. He asked her for the loan of 4s. 6d. for the purpose of having it re-shod. She gave him the money A day or two afterwards Mr. Walton called and told her he had never authorised the lad to get the money. and he had never known anything of the matter. Prisoner was not in his employ when he borrowed tbe money, and had not been for some time. Prisoner said be had intended to pay the money- back. Fie had bought some food with it. He would never have been the lad he was only for his father having turned him out. Malone, who has a bad record, was remanded for a week in order that inquiries might be made with regard to his parents.

- EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. MR. SAM WOODS' TESTIMONIAL. ~, The amount received for the testrnonial fund for Mr. ~,• Woods, formerly secretary of the Parliamentary ‘'onamittee of the Trade Unions Congress, and vice- President of the Miners' Federation, now stands at about £lOO. It is intended to close the fund in a few oays' time, but before then Mr. %V. C. Steadman, M.P., hopes that he may have received all outstanding sub- scriptions thatihave been authorised but not sent. MR. J. A. SEDDO'N, M.P., AND SHOP ASSISTANTS' GRIEVANCES. MAIDEN SPEECH IN PARLIAMENT. Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P.. the Labour member for New- ton I'division, delivered his "maiden "speech in the House of Commons on Tuesday. A motion "that in the opinion of this House it is necessary to put an end , to tines and deductions from wages" was introduced by Sir Charles Dilke. In the course of the discussion Mr. Jr. A. Seddon appealed to the Home Secretary to include the interests of shop assistants in any amendment of the law. The system of "living in," which was a contra- vention of the spirit of the Truck Acts, imposed upon them conditions of life which would not be tolerated by workers of any other class. Such a system was not only economically unfair, but was inimical to the good health and the best interests of those wbo had to submit tokinidt.oflt used. to be said in its favour that it gave a ~.. guardianship to young people who would other- wise be without protection in the perils of city life. However that might once have been, the system had nou degenerated, and had become a mere adjunct to the profits of the shop-keeper. The employer had the right to put before his assistants food which he could not sell on the market, without incurring the penalties of the law; and as for the dormitories, he wished that the Home Secretary would apply to them—for they needed it—the provisions which already regulated common lodging-houses. He was speaking in the interests of something lilm three-quarters of a million of the population, who ought to be thought of in any future legislation on this and kindred subjects. (Cheers.) Mr Herbert Samuel (Under-Secretary to the Home Office) said the Government intended to introduce a measure to end the Truck Act next session. No amendment coul be satisfactory which did not take into account the system of "living in" in shops. Ultimately Sir Charles Dilke's motion was carriod with the addition of the words " °tier than such as are specifically legalised by Parliament."

===== 0002601_19060303_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HEALTH Of WARRINGTON.

ittr en UR ed [ye,

is- he of lie in on

ley of )ns of ion

ar. ion in

ed ite er, the ;er

as as rd- Air

'he of me 'ill

ty 180 ng or-

Iton and win 3ual

lect )nly and igh ned had ers, ling

aVO nay Mr. the

I on at Dilid the any [ter- lien, ;ton

WEEK ENDING 24T11 FEBRUARY 1906.

oF4-1

411

Correspond- tag week 1905. Total. Male. Female. Total. 50 22 28 39

Birth Legitimate „ Illegitimate — Deaths The ages of mortality were :—Under 1, 6 ; Ito 5- 7; sto 15-1 ; 15 to 25-2 ; 25 to C 5-9; 65 and up total-28. Death rate, 2PO. Previous six weeks, 19.9. Corres- ponding week 1905, 2111. Birth rate, 37-5. Previous six weeks 39•9 , Corres- ponding week, 1905' 29.3. The deaths included :-2 from whooping cough, 1 from puerperal fever, 5 from phthims, 1 from other tubercular diseases, from cancer, 10 from lung diseases, 1 from heart disease, 1 from accident, 6 from all other causes. The following cases of iauctions disease have been reported during the week :—Smallpox 0; scarlet fever 0• diphtheria 0 ; memb croup 0 ; typhus fever 0; tuberculous phthisis 2 ; enteric fever 0 ; relapsing fever ; puerpeial fever 1; erysipelas 3 ; chickenpox 2. Number of patients in hospital :—Scarlet fever, Borough, 7 ; Newton, 2. Weather return, mean temperature, 38 Fah. and there- lore 2 deg. higher than the proceeding week. Maximum emperst9re,46 Fah. on the 24th inst. Minimum tempera- ture, 28 Fah. on the 21st inst. Rainfall '5 inch. General direction of wind N.B. J. G. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

The Alleged Fradulent Bankruptcy. At the Liverpool County Sessions, en Wednesday, before Mr. W. Scott Barrett and other magistrates, Edmund Green Barratt (28), insurance agent, pleaded not guilty to a charge of having at Warrington in April, 1904, when he vas adjudged bankrupt, failed to discover all his property to the trustee. Mr. Little Prosecuted on behalf of the Official Receiver and Mr. Riley (instructed by Mr. T. S. Steel, Warrington) defended. In opening Mr. Littler said they had to deal with a small bankruptcy, the property in ques- tion being practically all the bankrupt had,or certainly kt.iree-quarters of it. He was accused of failing to 'iscover to the trustee a number of small book debts; A piano, valued at £29; a gold watch, a. sum of £3O tllie to him from his brother, a share under the will of his grandfather, some furniture, and an interest in a 'oaldealing partnership with his brother. All these natters were alleged to have been concealed by the bankrupt, the trustee only hearing of them through iaonymous letters. Evidence in support of counsel's ,':)Pening was given by officials of the Bankruptcy ‘-a.urt. Mr. Riley, for the defence, contended that the Prisoner had not wilfully concealed any items of his Ptoperty,and he had no intention whatever of defraud- aug anyone. No witnesses were called. The jury l'eturned a verdict of " Not guilty," and the prisoner Ivas discharged.

The girder type of frame has been so successful in the 'TIYaI Enfield bicycles that it is now being offered in l models of this bicycle from Ten Guineas upwards. -the girder type as is already well-known has been Ibificially proved to be over 50 per cent, stronger than Llag, ordinary diamond frame, and no doubt the extension °f tbis frame to further types of Enfield cycles will be 4eeoly appreciated by riders of this excellent sutchine.

•

‘!. 144, r 'Ak • , tlaree-qttal • • 44' t; j,‘IP ,:111 , , • . ,

===== 0002601_19060303_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

SUDDEN DEATH.

William Seddon (Gi), flint-glass maker, 98, Wilson- street, St. Helens, dropped down dead at fialf-past two, on Wednesday afternoon, near the cemetery gates, St. Helens. It is supposed that he suffered from heart disease.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
CHIEF CONSTABLE'S SALARY.

The St. Helens Watch Committee have favourably considered an application for increase of salary by the Chief Constable, Mr. Ellerington, and have recom- mended the Council to grant an increase of .£5O r3r annum.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
A SERIOUS OFFENCE.

At the Liverpool Assizes on Monday Edward Melia, 18, glassmaker, admitted having at St. Helens, on December 10, committed a serious offence with a boy. In passing sentence of three years penal servitude Mr. Justice Grantham said it was one of the worst cases ha had ever had to deal with. This concluded the criminal business. ,

===== 0002601_19060303_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS MAN'S DISAPPEARANCE.

The body of William Holme, farmer, of St. Helens, was recovered from the big dam at the Taylor Park about noon on Saturday. Mr. Holme was forty-eight years of age, and lived at a farm close by the park. Some few months ago he lost his wife, and since then has been depressed and in illhealth. He had been missing since Tuesday night, and the various pools in the neighbour- , hood had been dragged by Mr. Byetield, of the Runcorn ' Grappling Corps. The body was found by the St. Helens police, under Sergeant Hudson. The inquest was held on Tuesday at St. Helens Town Hall by Mr. Jones, deputy coroner.—George Millett, of Home Farm, Knowsley-road, St. Helens, step-son, said Mr. Holmes was forty-six years of age. He had been ' depressed since his wife died, last August, and suffered from influenza. On Tuesday last week he drove to St. Helens on business, and came back at two o'clock. At 6.30 he went out and was never seen again alive.—Da id I Wainwright, of 6, Brynn-street, waterman for the Cor- poration, said he found the body in the water on Satur- day, and got it out.—Police-constable Evans said there were no marks of violence.—The jury returned a verdict of "Found drowned," and expressed sympathy with , the relatives.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS POST OFFICE ROBBERY.

Charles 'Austin Smethurst, a Liverpool youth, who was arrested early on Tuesday morning on his discharge from Walton Gaol, was charged before the St. Helens magistrates later in the day with stealing .£6. 16d. from the sub-post office at the Toll Bar, Prescot-road.—The Chief Constable said that on August 31st last year a bag containing .£5 in gold and Is. 6d. in loose silver was taken out of the drawer at the post office. It was found that prisoner and another lad named Jones went into the shop, and one of them got over the counter and took the money. Jones was arrested, and sentenced to three months' imprisonment. Smethurst, when charged with the offence, said, "I am going to speak the truth, and get it over. Jones put me up to it, but I took the money, and shared it with Jones."—Prisoner was remanded. CORPORATIONS AND TEMPERANCE PLACARDS.

At the meeting of the St. Helens Health Committee on Wednesday the Chairman (Alderman Forster) said he had bad a conversation with the president of the British Women's Temperance Association in regard to the suggestion that the committee should issue placards drawing attention to the evils arising from the abuses of alcohol. It had been pointed out that different towns had treated the subject in different ways. The specimen placard that was submitted to them by the Primitive Methodist Circuit was the same as that issued at Wool- wich, but the Liverpool Corporation had issued a much fairer one, and be suggested that they should follow the example of Liverpool. On the suggestion of Alderman Massy, it was decided to issue handbills as well as placards.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD SAVE AT ST. HELENS.

Shortly after six o'clock on Sunday morning Police- constable William Griffiths, of the St. Helens borough force, made a timely discovery of an outbreak of fire in the joiners' shop of Messrs. Ellison and Son, Boundary- road. The officer at once ran to the Town Hall and summoned the fire brigade. The fire had originated in one corner of an extensive joiners' shop, adjoining which was a big sta3k of timber, and underneath there were five horses stabled. Superintendent Lyon and the brigade were quickly on the scene,when the flames were found bursting through one of the windows and break- ing through into the gam mill below. Fanned by the gale that was blowing the outbreak assumed very threatening dimensions, but the brigade were able to deal with it promptly and extinguish the flames. No cause for the fire could be discovered. Great credit is due to Police-constable Griffiths for his promptness, which undoubtedly saved the whole establishment.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS SWIMMING CLUB.

The annual meeting of the St. Helens Club was held on Tuesday, Mr. B. Barr presiding. The report stated that owing to the club not having taken its accustomed position in the League and championships there had been a falling off in the receipts. The Schoolboys' League had been a great success, and St. Thomas's school won the championship for the second time. The membership totalled 106, and Mr. F. W. Gibbons was presented with a medal for obtaining the most new members. Councillor P. Phythian retired from the position of secretary after fifteen years service. Coun- cillor F. R. Dixon-Nuttall was re-elected president. Mr, Jolliffe was elected hon. treasurer ; and Messrs. Slater, Wilkinson, and Kerr were appointed joint secretaries. It was decided that the club should rejoin the N.C.A.S. A. Mr. P. Ripley was elected captain of the first team,with Mr. R. Lomax sub-captain. Mr. C. Pennington was elected captain of the second team. Mr. J. Lawrenso!l was presented with a handsome punch bowl in recogni- tion of his services to the club. WIDOW OBTAINS £l,lOO DAMAGES AGAINST CORPORATION.

Williams v. New St. Helens Tramway Company, Limited, and the St. Helens Corporation.—The hearing of this action, by which Mrs. Isabella Williams, widow of the late Master of the Whiston Workhouse, sought to recover damages for the death of her husband who was killed on the St. Helens and Prescot Tramway by the fall of the trolley and standard, due, it was alleged, either to a defective trolley head belonging to the company, or defective overhead equipment belonging to the Corporation, was concluded at the Nisi Prins Court, Liverpool on Monday.—Harry England, tramway manager, of Wakefield, gave it as his opinion that the car was carelessly or furiously driven round the curve, with the result that the trolley left the wire, and, pro- ceeding in a straight line the boom struck the span wire and the wire became engaged between the trolley head and the wheel. Judging from the result, he thought the speed could not have basis less than ten miles an hour. John M. M'Elroy, manager of the Manchester tramways corroborated the theory of the last witness. Counsel having addressed the jury, and his lordship having summed up, the jury, after twenty minutes' deliberation, found that the accident was caused by the negligence of the Corporation alone. They assessed the damages at £l,lOO, being £2,500 less £1,400 insur- ances.—Judgment was reserved. Mr. Justice Bray gave judgment in the action on Wednesday.—Mr. Kennedy, representing the plaintiff, applied for judgment for £l,lOO, and also for costs on the higher scale, on the ground that the case involved a great deal of scientific evidence.—His Lordship (to Mr. Taylor, K.C., for the Corporation) : You cannot oppose judgment for £l,lOO 2—Mr. Taylor: No, my lord.— His Lordship: I cannot allow costs on the higher scale.—Mr. Taylor : No, there is hothing special in it- -Mr. Sanderson (for the Tramway Company) : I ask for judgment for the Tramway Company.—His Lordship gave judgment in favour of the company, and against the Corporation for £l,lOO with ordinary costs. KILLED IN THE MINE.—EXTRAORDINARY MISHAP.

Mr. Jones, deputy coroner, held the inquest at Hay- dock, on the body of Michael Hannon, aged thirty-two, of Cappagh, co. Galway. who had lodged at 18, Chapel- street, Haydock, and who was killed in the Princess Pit, Haydock,on Thursday night last.—James Hannigan, of 50, Clarence-street, Earlestown,fireman, said the men were working in a road which had to be increased in height. It was well timbered when they, started, but within about ten minutes it fell in and killed deceased. —Joseph Shepherd, of 337, Church-road, Haydock, said they were working with Andrew Melia, a contractor. Deceased was taking some rails up off the road when the roof fell. They thought the place quite safe.— Andrew Melia. of 337 Church-road, Haydock, said that a stone weighing about 28cwt. and some dirt fell out of the roof. It partially covered deceased,and after they had broken the stone they rescued him but he was quite dead.—Mr. Hall, Government inspector' said he could find no definite cause for the accident. The stone had come out of a slip in the roof and cut off the side Just as if the men had done it themselves. It was most extraordinary that it should come down so soon after they started work.—A juryman suggested that deceased might have knocked against a prop and loosened it.—A verdict of " Accidents]. death' was returned.

At Middleton (Lanes) on Saturday Elizabeth Earn- shaw, domestic servant, was charged with the murder of her male child, which, after baying been burned to death, was thrown into the river. The accused, who denied that the child was hers, was remanded.

Hanging to a rafter in a shop at Bourne (Lincolnshire) is a leg of mutton fifty years old. It was bought from the present occupier's predecessor by a gentleman who said he would call for it later on. He never did so, however, and there it hangs to-day. It has so withered that it resembles a shillelagh,

Mr. Edward Clodd has been appointed Chairman of the Rationalist Press Association, Ltd., in succession to the late Mr. G. J. Holyoake.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0144.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• .

===== 0002601_19060303_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Coming Events. A meeting under the auspices of the Warrington ; Society for the Protection of Animals from Vivisection will be held in the Masonic Hall on Tuesday, Dr. G. I H. Pender, Manchester, will deliver an address. A concert in aid of the Railway Benevolent Institu- tion will be held in the Parr Hall on Tuesday evening. An excellent programme has been arranged the contributors to which will include Mrs. A. Booth, Mfss Alice Woodward, the Chester Cathedral Quartette,and Mr. Loui Parry (Chester), humorist. "The Land Problem " will form the subject of an address to be delivered by Captain G. R. Crosfield, on ; Monday evening at a meeting of the Junior Liberal Association. The meeting will be held at Gregory's Cafe. _ _

The annual meeting of the Borough of Warrington Incorporated Permanent Building Society will be held at the offices of Mr. T. Sutton on Wednesday evening. Index to Inside Pages. PAGE. `

_ 2. Serial: " A Cruel Temptation." Science Notes. 3. Mr. G. Walker on Education. Women's Chat and Fashions. District News. 6. The Infirmary : Workingmen's Committee. Meeting. Local Shepherdry. "Do we eat too much?" by Dr. Andrew Wilson. 7. Rugby Football. Padgate. Children's Corner. Iron Fencing of every description. Lowest prices.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt. Election Expenses. The returns of the election expenses incurred by the Parliamentary candidates in the Knutsford division have just been published. Mr. A. J. King, M.P.'s expenses amounted to £1,387 17s. 2d., while the Hon Alan de Tatton-Egerton's totalled £1,470 15s. 6d.

LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK, BEIDGIO-STREET.—Advt. Mr. A. J. King, M.P. and Factory Inspection. In the House of Commons on Wednesday, Mr. A. J. King, M.P., the member for Knutsford division asked Mr. Gladstone whether he contemplated ircreasing the number of women factory inspectors. Mr. Gladstone : The answer to this question is in the affirmative.— (Cheers). PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER. THE CLOCK FOR BEST

BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Billiard Match.—Llberal Club v. Conservative Club. An interesting billiard match was played at the Sankey-street Club on Thursday evening when teams representing the Conservative and Liberal Clubs tried conclusions. Twelve game were played and the event resulted in a win for the home men with an aggregate Iscore of 1,720 as compared with 1,590 compiled by the Liberals. The majority for the home team was thus silly 130, a figure which the Liberals are confident of wiping out in the return game at the Liberal Club on Thursday next. Local Bakers' Success. We are pleased to record another success achieved by Messrs. Taft and Son, the well known baker h and confectioners, Bridge-street, Warrington. A fortnight ago they secured a prize at Birminghan and this has been followed by winning two first and two second prizes at the Glasgow Exhibition. Messrs. Taft and Son have now won over 30 awards including Champion- ship Prize for Efovis Bread, 3 Silver Cups, Gold, Silver and Bronze Medals and Diplomas for Bread and Confectionery at the leading exhibitions in the , country, London, Liverpool, Manchester, Birmingham and Glasgow. Galvanized Boofing Sheets, Roofing Pelts, itc., Large stock.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt. Catholic Young Men's Society. The members of the debating team in connection with this society journeyed to Liverpool on Sunday afternoon to meet the members of the St. Augustine's Literary and Debating Society. The subject for dis- cussion was " The taxation of land values" and the Warrington representatives had been deputed to take the negative. For some unforeseen reason the Liverpool Society were unable to fulfil the engage- ment and in accordance with the rules of the com- petition Warrington claim two points. So far the Warrington debaters have done exceedingly well and figure at the head of the competition.

Mr. T. Wallington. It is a source of great regret tu the congregation of , Wycliffe Church to learn that Mr. Thomas Wallington, one of the Deacons and Church Secretary, has been compelled to relinquish his offices in consequence of the claims of business. Mr. Wallington's work has taken him to Northwich, and he very reluctantly severs his official connection with the Church wherein he has worshipped and worked from his youth upwards. At a Church meeting on Thursday night the explres- sions of regret at Mr. Wallington's resignation were general, and it was decided that a letter of apprecia- tion and thanks be prepared by the Deacons and sent to him.

Warrington Polyglot Society. At the Old Academy, on Wednesday evening, a most interesting paper, read by Mrs. sackson Holmes, was listened to by the members of the German sec- tion. " Erinnerung an Beethoven "—" A Reminis- cence of Beethoven "—was the title. After the paper, a few minutes viva voce practice was the lot, in turn, of each individual present. For next Wednesday night, Mr. H. M. Ashton has undertaken to give before the French Section, some choice selections. From Mr. Cesar Cramer, of Hamburg, who was some time ago a member, the Society has received the gift of a handsome flag of the German nation. The flag was sent to -emphasize expressions of l'entente cordiale between the British nation and his own. Mr. Cramer concludes his letter with three cheers for the Polyglot Society.

, Concert at Messrs. Crosfield's Works. A highly successful benefit concert arranged by the ' members of the Bank Quay Works Sick Club on behalf of J. Unsworth was held in Messrs. Crosfield's ' assembly room on Monday evening. There was a crowdedj attendance. Captain G. It. Crosfield presided and in a brief speech heartily commended the object of the entertainment. An excellent programme was submitted, including songs by Miss Carrie Hastings, Miss L. Fairhurst, Mr. A. Griffiths, Master H. Griffiths and Mr. F. Warburton which were very creditably ' rendered. Instrumental selections were pleasingly given by Mr. Lee's band. Humorous recitations by Mr. E. A. Sanders proved extremely popular and the ' humorous songs and sketches by Mr. W. W. Whittle occasioned great merriment. The duties of accom- panists were ably discharged by Messrs. A. E. Trow and T, Taylor.

PUBLIC BENEFIT.—IINDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Marriage of Mr. R. Garnett and Miss Brundrett. An interesting wedding took place on Tuesday, when the marriage of Miss Kate Brundrett, daughter of the late Mr. A. W. Brundrett, Dalby Villa, Latch- ford, and Mr. Robert Garnett (Messrs. Wright, Garnet and Wright) son of the late Mr. Robert Garnett of Warrington, was solemnized at Christ Church, Latchford. The officiating clergyman was the Rev. G. C. Briggs. The bride, who was attended by her sister, Miss Mary Brundrett, was becomingly attired in a light fawn coloured cloth dress embroidered with medallions of lawn passementerie. She also wore a handsome sable stole and a hat to match. Her bouquet was of white lilies and orchids presented to her by the Mayor. The bridesmaid I wore a dress of silk voile, and a picture hat. Mr. F. G. Taylor acted as best man. The wedding breakfast was held at Dalby Villa after which the newly married couple left for London and Torquay where the honeymoon is being spent. The bride travelled in a navy blue costume. A large number of hand- some presents were received including a silver card tray from the Warrington Dramatic Society, of which the bride was an active member.

Oil Stoves, Coke Stoves, Lunps, &c.—J S. GARLAND, 51, to 55, Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, March 3, 1906.

Whist Drive at the Academy. An enjoyable whist drive in connection with the Warrington Society was held at the Old Academy on Monday evening. Some 48 players were in attend- ance and the proeedings were highly successful. The first prize in the ladies section was carried off by Mrs. H. M. Ashton whilst Mr. E. S. A. Robson carried off the premier award offered to the gentlemen. Wiredrawers' Dinner. The first annual dinner in connection with the Amalgamated Wiredrawers' Society of Great Britain (Warrington District) was held on Saturday at the Lion Hotel and attracted a large number of wire- drawers' in the district. Favoured with a fine, if somewhat cold evening 243 members assembled round the festive boards in the ballroom. Most of the responsible officials of the society were present, includ- ing the General President Mr. Arnold (Birmingham.) Mr. Lee, the proprietor catered. An excellent menu , was provided, to which ample justice was done. After- wards a very pleasant evening was spent with short speeches and musical items. The Chairman, Mr. W. 'Haigh commenced with a short discourse, saying he . was proud of his position that night, presiding , over such a united body of tradesmen. He was sure every member in the room, together with himself, I was pleased to sae Mr. Arnold. A function like the ' present would not be complete without the General ; President. (Applause.) Every member knew he had helped them through anxious times, but that night he joined them in their pleasures. (Applause.) Such gatherings would certainly tend to strengthen the links which joined them together in brotherhood, and he hoped it would become an annual gathering. (Applause.) The first musical item was a pianoforte solo by Mr. R. G. Haigh, which was brilliantly played. Two glees, " In absence " and " Comrades in arms," rendered by members of the trade under the con- ductorship of Mr. E. Roberts merited the applause accorded them. Mr. Womersley pleased the party with two songs, " My pretty Jane " and " The lost chord." The Chairman called upon the President for a short address. Mr. Arnold thanked the Warrington District for their kind invitation. It gave him great pleasure to meet so large a number of fellow-tradesmen. He expounded the difficulties which beset Trades Union officials, and gave to those present some excel- lent advice for which he was applauded. Mr. Peers Brimelow, flute soloist, earned a well deserved encore for the rendering " The Calif de Bagdad "and " The Bohemian Girl." Mr. L. Wellings gave a carefully written and excellent paper on Trades Unionism, dealing with the early struggles for combination in the 13th and 14th centuries down to the present day. Reminding his hearers of the sufferings and privations ' even Martyrdom by their forefathers for the priviledges they enjoyed to-day and also relating at some length the i present laws governing Trades Unions,showing their position in cam. of a dispute against organised capital since the recent wrecking of the Trades Dispute Bill. Finally putting forward a strong plea for direct Labour Representation in Parliament, as the only 'possible way to regain that which was theirs by right. , Mr. C. Furness supplied the humorous element with ' two recitations in Lancashire dialect " Ab'oth Yeates Speech,"' and "Nomination Day." These were thoroughly enjoyed, provoking much laughter. Messrs. Cook and Clayton very ably sang two duets " The moon hath raised "and "All Well." The audience also received Mr..J. Rowley's musical performance on !glass tumblers with approbation. Mr. N. Cook was applauded for a fine rendering of the song "Anchored," and Mr. A. Forster gained distinction , with the song " Mona," and as an encore sang I" Mary."—The Committee and all present tendered their best thanks to the artistes and all who had con- tributed to the success of the function, including Mr. ,J. Lee, the "host." The singing of the National : Anthem terminated a pleasant and very successful :Igathering.

Wattie Davies, Loos:nom, Will Dayies and Turton : half-backs, Cookson and Oakland; forwards, Settle, Fryer, Fozzard, Jas. Wade, Hodgson, beamont, Tebbutt and Kitson. Reserves, Edwards and Barlow.

Warrington have had two chances of gaining paints since the last issue of the " Examiner, but as both games were away from home success was not looked forward to very confidently. Warrington should, however, have won at Barrow on Saturday. They beat the Furness men with great ease at Warrington earlier in the season and on Saturday they were much the stronger side. But, as on many occasions lately, they failed to score and the match ended in a draw. I have before alluded to the want of effective combina- tion in the back division, and the same fault was in evidence once more. Several times the inside men worked well together only for the chalice to be bungled by the wings. There is no doubt that Fish is badly missed, and if luck had favoured him he should have obtained a lot of points this season, for the forwards are playing better than ever. Most of the credit for what victories have been gained is due to the front-rank men who, either in the pack or in the loose, are a long way above the ordinary. They quite surprised the Barrow folk, who had imagined that their own strength in the scrums would just about gain them the day. If they had taken their chances, Warrington should have won by about a dozen points.

Unfortunately, the weather was wretched and this; ' doubtless, had a lot to do with Warrington's inability to score tries in the approved fashion. Dickinson, after 'an uncertain start, played a very strong game, and 1 with Taylor, was ever in the thick of it. The halves, Hockenhall and Lees were smart also, but the former again spoiled much good w)rk by passing badly at the critical mement. Berry again showed that he is in his rigb, ?lace at full back and did some powerful punting wjaich was of great assistance to the teem. On Tuesday, the weather was worse still for War- rington's appearance at Bradford. There had been snow and sleet all morning, and the ground was not really in fit condition for serious football. It was so sodden that the men could hardly keep their feet, let alone run and pass. Warrington were not quite fully represented, but they put up a strong opposition to the powerful team Bradford had in the field. A couple of goals were recorded against them early on, and then Heseltine got a good try, so that at half-time Warrington were seven points in arrears. They played pluckily through the mud, however, and were' able to keep Bradford at bay for the rest of the game. Once or twice they might have scored, but luck was not with them. Brooks had very hard luck once after followin up, for the ball just went dead as be reached it. The " baby " is not a sprinter, or he would have secured the point. At back, Knight deputised for Berry, and did splendid work under the worst conditions, while the forwards, as usual, were full of go.

I The" A. " team had another hour and a half's I scoring practice on Saturday, when they entertained I Runcorn Fertilisers. The latter created a bit of a I surprise by scoring the first try, but afterwards it was , almost a procession from each scrummage to the line. I The Warrington backs, fed cleverly by Lambert and , Lloyd, accomplished wonders in the way of passing and running, and the total at the close was 8 goals, 14 tries (58 points) to 8 points. There was one matter for regret only, and that was in Ithe A" team's failure to beat record. They only I required either a goal or try, and if Mr. Referee Nevins had not been so strict in the last five minutes, the record of 13 years ago against Rugby would have been eclipsed. The crowd, which was by no means a small one, fairly enjoyed the fun. By now, the "A " iteam's point average has reached colossal proportions.

It was very gratifying to see Isherwood in the field once more, and the popular centre proved that he had lost none of his skill. It is eloquent testimony to the way he makes openings that Jordan on the left wing, made an individual record by scoring seven tries. Some of them were a credit to the scorer as well as his centre. At half back, Lambert again gave a brilliant display,and it is a matter for great satisfaction that this promising junior has at last signed on. He should make a name for himself in the best company before he is a year older.

Warrington "A" are at home again to-clay when the opposition will be furnished by Somerville, a team which has a good reputation in the Manchester and District League. Whether Warrington will get any- where near creating record again is a moot point, but they should win by a substantial margin.

The League table up-to-date is as follows : For. Agst. Per- P. W. L. D. P. G. T. P. G. T. P. centage ; Leigh flunslet 24 19 5 038 51 5'2 253 14 25 103 7916 ; Oldham 3O 21 724444 82 334 21 18 90 7333 IBro'ton R 24 17 6 13539 81 321 22 23 113 7291 ! 28 17 5 64033 45 201 22 22 110 7P42 Keighley 23 16 7 03234 54 230 19 28 122 69.56 ! Hull K. It 2B 18 7 33930 45 195 31 27 143 69.46; ; Runcorn I Hud'fleld 2l 13 6 22825 44 182 14 23 97 6666 I ; Leeds I Bradford 26 16 8 23433 70 286 26 29 139 6538 , Wigan I St. Helens 22 13 9 02630 45 195 22 28 128 5909 • !Salford 25 13 9 32933 54 228 24 21 111 5800 • Swinton._ 23 12 10 12524 32 144 19 29 125 5434 I Waklteld T 2511 10 42533 32 162 26 41 175 5200 I I Warrington 30 14 14 23031 44 200 26 37 163 5000 • Hull 27 12 14 12535 44 202 25 38 164 4629 j Pontefract 22 813 11725 31 143 27 37 165 38'63 I York 26 916 11930 24 132 33 43 195 3353 I Bramley ; Batley 26 615 51725 16 98 33 36 174 32.69 ! Barrow 24 616 21411 25 97 43 70 296 2316 ' Dewsbury, 2B 719 21614 23 97 33 47 207 2E157 I Widnes 2O 414 210 615 57 21 43 171 2500 Castleford l5 311 1 711 7 43 38 59 253 23'33 RochdaleLl 21 316 51112 25 99 213 61 235 2291 Brighouseß 21 316 2 814 18 82 22 62 250 1901 !Nortnanton 18 214 2 6 5 5 25 28 46 194 1666 ; Millom l7 214 1 513 12 62 43 72 302 1470 j Morecambe 17 214 1 511 21 85 28 53 215 1470 I The points are two for a win and one for a draw. The ; percentage is calculated upon the basis of the total points possible.

The Stockton Heath Rugby linlon Club is at present going strongly and being only a young combination the members have every reason to feel proud of their record, with a balance in their favour of points scored eight matches have been won and eight lost, the remaining one being drawn. On Saturday they sur- prised the Manchester Y.M.C.A.. team by winning by 21 points to 3. Manchester were confident of victory and the possessors of a heavy pack of forwards they looked to their front rank to obtain the laurel for them. Matters did not however turn out as expected , and though beaten in the scrums the Heathens eight had if anything the best of the arguement. Smith, Cook • and Gibbs were well to the fore. In the back division the two teams were not to be compared the Mancunians being much slower than , the backs of the home team. At half Davenport played well and repeatedly gave the three quarter line chances to shine, chances of which the four fully availed themselves, their combination being excellent. Some exceedingly pretty and effective work was done on the left wing by Ferguson and Bradshaw who between them scored four out of the five tries recorded. At full back W. Gibbs played a sound game and showed that he is developing int-) a really reliable player. It would be well, however, if he tried to avoid the fault of holding to the ball too long.

-- To-day the return match with Heaton Moor is to be played on the Ellesmere-road ground and the Heathens should place another victory to their credit. The team selected is W. Gibbs, full back ; Bouchier, Langley, Ferguson and Bradshaw, threequarter backs ; H. Davenport and Gerrard, half-backs ; Barker,Cook , Daintith, Fawcett, K. Gibhq, Owen, Skelton and Smith, forwards. Kick-off 2-45 prompt.

The Stockton Heath "A." team on Saturday visited Liverpool and after a bad game defeated the University " B" team by 8 points to nil.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. Rugby Football. [By " Ovallst."]

Warrington's prospects for to-day's important match at Batley do not seem brighter now the selected team is published. 111-luck still dogs the footsteps of the Club, and it is a great misfortune to find at the last minute that the forwards will have to take the field short of two of their heaviest scrummagers in Shugars and Boardman. These two are suffering from injured knees and the regret will he general that they cannot take part in the struggle. If any part of the Warring- ton team has been classed " A 1 " this season, it is the forward division, and the disappointment is keen that the ill-luck of the backs has spread to the front rank. However, luck is bound to turn some day, and if they only get their share on the field of play, the Warrington men should either win or draw.

The selected fifteen will cause considerable surprise in the town, for neither Kenyon nor Widdeson. has caught the eye of the selectors. On the wings will be Taylor and Brooks, two resolute if not very speedy men, while the centres will be the old-tried pair, Isherwood and Dickinson. The one cause for thankfulness is that " Danny "has got himself fit in Itime to take up his old position at left centre. Oh, for Fish! But still, this threequarter line will take a , lot of getting past, and may - I say may—do surpris- ing things on the attack. The half back positions are a Jails bit uncertain, owing to Lees having a rather weak ankle. Should he not be quite fit, Lloyd will partner Ifockenhall. I hope the Oldham man will turn out, however, because he gets the ball away in ranch smarter fashion than any of the reserves. In the rear will be found Berry, who, I am expecting, will distinguish himself greatly. From all accounts he should be superior to his vis-a-vis, whom it would pay Warrington to teat with a little cross-kicking.

The -points of danger on the Batley side are Oak- land at half, and Wattie Davies on the wing. But Warrington know both these men well enough to pay them particular attention. Near the line there is no more dangerous half than Joe Oakland, and the War- rington men will have to be very much alert when the Batley man is within speaking distance of the magic rut.

The Warrington team will be : Berry, fall back; Taylor, Isherwood, Dickinson, and Brooks, three- quarters ; liockenhall and Lees, or Lloyd, half backs; Preston, Belton, Harmer, Thomas, Swift, Jolley Morrison and Heath, forwards.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES FROM BATLEY.

A.Batley correspondent has sent me the following : Batley people are confidently anticipating that their favourites will enter the second round, although they recognise that to defeat Warrington will by no means prove an easy task. Still the "Gallant Youthe " have shown so much improvement since the New Year that it would come as _a great surprise to their partisans if they were to be beaten at home.

-- It will be upon the forwards that Batley will pin their hopes. The pack are in rattling form just now. The veteran Fazzard •is playing like a two-year-old, and amongst his most prominent colleagues ere Hodgson, Settle, and Kitson, three local lads with ' plenty of weight and speed. Dai Fryer, late of Mountain Ash, is another sterling forward and the " wirepullers " will also find Jim Wade a hard nut to crack.

Behind the pack, too, the Batleyites have improved during the last few matches. he Oakland was fiven a rest last Saturday in view of the cup-tie. "Joe has not been playing in his best form latterly, but he may be relied upon to rise to the occasion to-morrow. His colleague Cookson, will be new to the Warrington Spectators. He is very" nippy " and will require a lot of watching. With regard to the threequarters, Batley's! supporters were much encouraged last Satur- day by the brilliant form of their crack left wing ' Wattie Davies. Should he reproduce this form on , Saturday more than one man will be required to watch him. Frank Loosernore will be his centre. He is , another Welshman and has done splendid service for Batley this season. Will Davies is hardly as reliable 'as his namesake, but his great speed makes him a dangerous man to tackle. On the right wing Turton will figure. His diminutive proportions are no criterion ! as to his ability, as the man deputed to mark him will ' find out.

-- The Batley Pustodian, White, formerly acted in the same capacity for Castleford. Ile has shown some- what in and out form, and is rather slow in fielding the ball, but he is a fine kick, using either foot with equal facility.

The committee met on Thursday night and selected the following team :—Back, White ; three-quarters,

===== 0002601_19060303_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S 4 `IMAYFAIR" BISCUITS.

A NEW BISCUIT FOR AFTERNOON TEA.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. A. H. CROSFIELD'S PARLIAMENTARY IMPRESSIONS.

Interesting Speech on the Work of the

Government.

MR. W. MADDEN'S LECTURE ON "DANIEL O'CONNELL."

A large audience assembled in the Parr Hall on Thursday evening, when Mr. W. Madden delivered a highly interesting lecture on " Daniel O'Connell : what he did for civil and religious liberty." The meeting was presided over by Mr. A. H. Crosfieid, M.P., who spoke in a happy style of his Parliamentary impressions, and alluded to some of the great ques- tions which will occupy the attention of the Govern- ment. .

Mr. CROSFIELD, M.P., who was enthusiastically received, said that as that was the first occasion since a rather memorable day—(applause)—that he had had the pleasure and privilege of addressing his fellow- townsmen, friends of his had suggested that he ought to give them just a few experiences in that new sphere of life upon which thanks to their kindness and to the splendid and energetic work of many of those who were present that night —(applause)—under the spirited and splendid and brilliant leadership of Mr. Madden— (applause)—he had entered. They suggested that he should say a word or two about politics and his diffi- culty was that he knew some Conservative friends were present—(langhter)—and they knew he was a sad politi- cian—(laughter)—and so he could only throw himself 1 upon their indulgence and ask them to forgive any of those political indiscretions to Waich party politicians I were unfortunately addicted. (Laughter.) He took it that those of them who were Progressives might be forgiven if, metaphorically speaking, they exchanged a hand-shake after

===== 0002601_19060303_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GREAT VICTORY

to which he had alluded. (Applause). He was sure that anything he might say about his political opponents I would be said with no unkindly feeling because, though he had at any rate inherited, he thought,frorn his father a certain faculty of hitting out straight—(applause)— when politics were in the wind, he hoped he had also inherited from him an entire lack of animosity towards those who honestly differed from one in politics. (Hear, hear). He wanted to say a word just to cheer up their friends who, from what he read in the papers, were evidently at the Junior Conservative Club a little bit cast down. (Laughter). He did not want to dwell too much upon that, but they seemed to be rather publicla hanging out signals of distress and there appeared to be some woe and. lamentation in those quarters. (Laughter). He advised their friends to have a little patience and he thought when they had considered matters they would come to the conclusion—which possibly a good many of them in their hearts might already have , arrived at—that it was no more a bad thing for them than it was for the Progressives to have had a change of men and a change in the political regime. (Applause.) Whatever their political complexion might be, or what- ever might be their religions or other views, it would no more have been a good thing for their friends at the Junior Conservative Club than for any part of the con- stituency to deal a heavy blow at the great trade of Lancashire and at the great shipping trade of this country—a blow which could not fail to have been felt in our own iron and leather manufactories and iu many other branches of industry. Although Free Trade was the great Issue, he ventured during the contest they recently had in Warrington to emphasise the fact that they did not and never would as members of the Pro- gressive party light a merely negative battle, and he could assure them that every minute he had spent in that august assembly—which he was going to say was at the centre of civilization,only it just flashed across his mind that his father would never tolerate that expres- sion as applied to London because he always said that if it were not for Lancashire and Yorkshire London would go spark out—(laughter and apnlause)— every minute spent in the House of Commons, although one was not in a position to speak relatively and compare it with previous gather- inks at Westminster, had impressed him with the fact theta negative policy was the very last thing that that assembly had gathered together to carry out. (Aplause.) A more TITO/LOUGH AND EA:IISM

body of men he had never come across. Their friends must forgive him if he particularised a little ; he was speaking of one particular quarter—a very large quarter —of the House. (Laughter.) As regarded another quarter he wanted to be quite charitable and kind, but at the present moment,tbough be had not seen anything ill-natured, he must say the Opposition were very like a laughing stock in the House. (Laughter.) It was unfortunate that some of their ablest men had not been returned and there was universal regret that, for instance, men like Lord Hugh Cecil and Mr.„Gibson Bowles—(applause)—and others were missing on that side. He (Mr. Crosfield) would not give that meeting any description of it himself, but he would tell thorn what was said by one of those witty fellow-countrymen of theirs, who still, he perceived, had a knack of hitting a nail on the head more rapidly than any other people in the House. (Applause.) There wis a speech delivered the other night by Mr. Houston, who represented a division in Liverpool, and he (Mr. Crosfleld) had no doubt the speaker intended to amuse the House and he certainly succeeded in doing so. It was questionable whether Mr. Houston's speech alto- gether pleased some on his own side sitting below him on the lint and second Conservative benches, because, after all, everybody recognized that it was an excellent piece of buffoonery and nothing else. Mr. Houston went ahead at full steam and was received with uproarious laughter on the Liberal side, and after about a quarter of an hour he paused. Then there came a voice, he believed from one of the Irish benches : " Will said the Conservative party hadn't got a leader?" (Loud laughter.) He (Mr. Crosfield) could tell them a lot, speaking from a personal point of view, but he wanted for a moment to refer not to men but to measures. He thought great satisfaction would be felt in Warrington, as it would be felt throughout the whole country, at the courageous and, he maintained, thoroughly just manner in which the Government had dealt with the very difficult and, if they liked, even to some extent dangerous problem which had been left for them to deal with in

SOUTH A Fate A. (Hear, hear). He was referring equally on the one hand to the new Constitution which they were going to introduce and on the other to the firm and courageous measures they were taking to deal with the ill-ornend introduction of what during the election he called quasi-slavery and semi-slaverv—eKpressions which he did not feel the slightest need to qualify or withdraw in any shape or form. (Applause). In that connection he might say that amongst the many important speeches that had been made since the opening of Parliament, he thought the weightiest and most important was the one delivered by the new Lord Chancellor, Lord Lorebnrn, who wa% better known to a good many in the old days as Sir Robert Reid and who never hesitated to face the music in the dark days of the South African imbroglio. His rebuke to Lord Miler he (Ur. Crosfleld) thought was most thoroughly well merited. As another indica- tion of the intention to deal seriously, earnestly and thoroughly with all the problems that came before the Government, he might mention the way in which the Liberal benches were filled the other night when Sir Charles Wilke was discussing the question of fines—not so much as applied in great industries where trade unions could defend themselves, though that was to be considered too, hut particularly the exceslive and

, CRUEL SYSTEM OR FINES in some of those industries which were not protected by great trade unions, such as the shop assistants and the seamstresses who did their work at home. They found the House listening to every detail during the discussion Sir Charles raised on that point, showing as he always did the marvellously full knowledge of every subject which he tackled. He (Mr. Crosfleld) had also the pleasure of listening to a speech from a man who along with Sir Charles—he alluded to Professor Bryce , —was considered perhaps better informed than anyone else in the whole House of Commons. The House listened with attention and respect to members whose great information, as in these cases, commanded it, but still it was the man who had the magnetic quality and personality—and of course, the speakers he had referred to possessed a striking parsonality--who really commanded the closest attention and greatest sympathy of the House. He could assure them that when a representative! like Mr. Crooks got up he was received with the sympathy and interest that men of greater intellectual attainments than his could not co.nmand. (Applause.) One of the most striking and to him (Mr. Crosfield) almost touching incidents that occurred was the maiden speech in office of that plucky and splendid Parliamentarian. Mr. John Burns. (Applause.) He used the word "plucky " advisedly because he thought it wanted some courage for a man like that not to be afraid of any jeers that might be raised because, out of respect to the King, he chose to put on the uniform that wascustomary when attending one of His Majesty's receptions and because he came to the Premier's recep- tion bedizened with his insignia, if they liked, which was borne in a manly way. He had earned his position and he knew full well that he was giving the country full value for it. (Applause.) Mr. Burns was not only plucky but full of humour and thorough to a degree. In dealing with the complex q uestion of Tsp; UNEMPLOYED which, as he truly said, was so complex and needed so many different remedies just as it arose from so many and diverse unfortunate causes,'Mr. Burns showed a true and statesmanlike judgment and one could not help think- ing that in the whole history of humanity it was perhaps an unexampled position that a man born a working man should be standing there in the greatest Parliament that the world had ever known, holding the Rouse for an hour when not a man went out and on both sides every- body listened with respect to the well-informed speech

and the vigorous and courageous action described in that speech by Mr. John Barns. Continning,Mr. Cros- field referred to the great impression created in his mind by the leader of the Irish party in the Elouse.(Applause.) There were so many qualities that were so apparent the moment one saw and listened to

MR. REDMOV3 (Applause.) There was first of all plainly determination and at the same time perfect good humour. There was sagacity, and in addition to those qualities there was a genuine eloquence when Mr. Redmond was speaking, and he was one of those men who had the gift of hold- ing the House. He certainly did hold the House in the strong speech he made in favour of Irish autonomy during the debate on the King's address. During the election in Warrington he (Mr. Crosfield) tried to be as frank as he could, and he wrote a letter to the papers explaining that, acting as they were in alliance with their Free Trade Unionist friends, it would mit be fair to use their votes to try and carry a Bill for the creation of a Legislative Assembly in Dublin with an executive responsible to it. He thought it only right to make that position clear, but they knew that ever since that question first came to the front he had felt that just as Liberal policy had strengthened the Empire from end to end of the world, so in Ireland

AN IDEAL POLICY was to create an Assembly like that and throw real responsibility upon the people. In the meantime the work of this Government—it carrying out that policy, be granted, but doing as be knew they intended to do in associating the Irish people with their own Govern- ment and making the Government in Ireland according to Irish ideas leading up. as Mr. Haldane said, to the Government of the people, by the people, and for the people "—was the very best way to strengthen the empire and to do justice in Ireland. (Applause). He also believed they were animated by like principles in carrying out the Lord Chancellor's policy in that country which had been the scene of to much suffering and disaster—South Africa. Going back twenty years one remembered the blow to Progressives in England when a liberal and broad- minded Irish polidy was advocated in his old age by a man of great courage and energy who, along with Mr. Parnell, strove to turn back a stream of marked racial hatred which for so many centuries had bred

NOTHING RUT MISCHIEF not alone to Ireland but just as much to this country. I They could not help remembering that in the twenty years that had elapsed already the most unpopular part of that policy—the great land purchase scheme—had in effect been carried by the very people who denounced it. They could not forget that the trust they put in the Irish people in carrying a measure of that kind but ill- consorted with the previous distrust which bad so long made them apparently unwilling to give the Irish people what Sir Redvers Buller called the other day "a little generous treatment." (Applause.) But the strides had been very great and the whole feeling towards Ireland was different now. He (Mr. Crosfleld) had told them before of the speech that Mr. Redmond delivered when through the jeers and interruptions by those in the House of Commons he (Mr. Crosfield) did not hear one syllable from beginning to end. Better feelings were now prevailing and, looking back to one's earlier experience, one could not forget the efforts made by men in those days which were now bearing fruit. When they had listened to Mr. Madden's lecture he knew they would feel that, reflecting on the life of the great Irish liberator whose magnetic personality gave him 'unprecedented influence over the whole Irish nation,one, I realized that he too had sown good seed which in the future would bear fruit for the benefit of his beloved country. (Loud applause.) Mr. W. MADDEN then proceeded with his lecture which was a most eloquent and instructive one. Daniel O'Connell, he said, was a great politician, a great states- man, a great Irishman and a great Catholic. (Applause.) Gladstone said he was the greatest leader of men that he had ever known. Thackeray said O'Connell might be a great humbug taut he was certainly a great man,and in the biographical sketches which appeared in the London papers it.was stated that O'Connell was truly the leader of a people and not the director of a party. (Applause.) The time when O'Connell was born was only removed by about 100 years from the darkest history not only of the Irish people but of all the civilized nations of Europe. Freedom, as we under- stood it, either religious or civil, did not exist. In Ireland they had an aristocracy and nobility with a certain amount of political power, whilst the great mass of the people had neither political power nor the right to exercise their religion. No Catholic could worship God as he pleased or marry as he pleased. Everything was done to destroy the feeling of freedom or the growth in power of the peasantry and the same thing was done in a modified way with regardto the Nonconformists of England. A bond of union existed between English Nonconformists and the Irish Catholics in their troubles. Mr. Madden then traced the career of O'Connell in a most interest- ing way and described his great efforts on behalf of Irish liberty. His was the first brain that conceived the idea of fighting the Government, which had filched away the rights of the Irish, by the uprising of the people in a constitutional manner. O'Connell's gnat struggle for Catholic Emancipation was alluded to, and Mr. Madden pointed out that when Peel and Wellington, who had fought against emancipa- tion for many years, saw that the Irish were on the brink of rebelion, that which they would not concede out of a spirit of justice was conceded out of a spirit of fear. O'Connell obtained 800,000 Catholic signatures in Ireland in support of Lord John Russell's motion to repeal the Tests and Corporation Acts which were directed against English Nonconformists. When returned to Parliament O'Connell had the courage to refuse to take what to him was a blasphemous oath. It was he and his fifty three faithful Irish supporters who carried the Reform Bill which freed the English people. Not only was O'Connell the friend of his own people but the friend of all mankind. He was a supporter of Cobden and Bright and helped them in their assertion of Free Trade ; and he was an uncom- promising opponent of slavery. He proved that it was possible to have liberty with order and independence with loyalty, to be a friend of one's fellow-men without being an enemy of the King. Mr. Madden closed the lecture with a tribute to O'Connell's deeply religious character.

- -The lOC-wee was well illustrated with lime-light views. The Rev. Father Wrr,soN moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Madden. He said that as the audience had fol- lowed the wonderful story of modern liberty so marvellon,ly illustrated by the career of him who seemed to have been the very source of modern European liberty, it appeared to them that Mr. Madden must have drunk of the same sacred fountain of eloquence as Daniel O'Connell himself. (Applause.) Mr. McAvov seconded.

I Mr. CROSFIELD, M.P.. in supporting said they had had the pleasure of listening to perhaps the most eloquent lecture ever delivered in Warrington. (Ap- planse.) It had given them a review of the life of one of the greatest statesmen the United Kingdom could look upon with pride and whom it delighted to honour and at the smile time ar. Madden had given them a splendid impression of the devotion to country and to a beautiful religious belief felt by the great liberator of Ireland as it was evidently felt by the lecturer himself. (Applause.). . .

The motion was ent uslas icily carried. Mr. 0. TOOLE moved a vote of thanks to the chairman and pointed out that in supporting the Liberal party in the recent division on the Irish question Mr. Crosfield had acted in keeping with the Parliamentary career of O'Connell. (Applause). Mr. M. O. IigARNE seconded and -the vote was cordially passed. In responding Mr. CROSFIELD said hisfinterest in the Irish question was not taken up because there was an election in the wind. For over twenty years he had followed the question carefully and he had stood steadily by the cause o giving the Irish responsibility for their own affairs. He had looked forward to better things for the sister Isle under those happier conditions and he had been as thankful as any Irishman in that room to see the progress that had been made. It had given him extreme prid3 and pleasure to'preside over a meeting addressed by a gentleman who had done the Liberal party not to mention himself (Mr. Crosfield) such inestimable service in the great battle they had to fight. (Applause). The recent election had brought Catholics and Protestants together in a spirit of proper toleration. (Applause.) If old Dr. Johnson was cor- rect in saying that" moderation" was the finest word in the English language, he ( \fr. Crosfield) ventured to think the cordial spirit of toleration was not a bad second to it. (Applause.) During the evening an interesting musical programme was submitted, including songs by Miss A. Richardson, and Miss P. M. Rigby ; duets by Messrs. P. and J. Bate, and choruses by thelchoir of St. Mary's, Buttermarket- street. Mr. J. NV. McAvoy accompanied, and Mr. John Eckersley conducted.

CORNS CURED IN SIX HOURS By Heath's Magnet Corn Cure. FAILURES NEVER eneeriß NO Ask - Ask for HEATH'S MAGNET CORN CURE, an invention that has never failed in a single instance •, a triumph in painless and rapid corn citing. Price, rid.; double quantity is. Sold by all chemists, or post free from HEATH. BROTHERS, Wholesale Druggist, 3, Mack f riars-street, A...anchester.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Sailing Club.

The annual meeting of the Warrington Sailing Club I was held on Monday evening last at the Railway Tavern, Bank Quay, Mr. 11. Warburton presiding over a good attendance of members. The election of officers for the coming season resulted as follows : Mr. 11. Warburton, comodore ; Mr. J. Deverson, vice- comodore ; Mr. IV. Warburton, jun., hon. sec.; Mr. J. . Looker, hon. treasurer ; committee, Messrs. W. Warburton, sen., C. Packer, J. Smith, H. Sherratt, T. Whitfield and J. Taylor. Three races were arranged for the season, the first to take place on the Saturday after Good Friday, April 11th. After the business was over an enjoyable smoker was held.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0153.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. '

===== 0002601_19060303_art0154.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. • , . ' • .

===== 0002601_19060303_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION FIXTURES.

WARRINGTON.

105.

Sept. 2 Leilh home „q Oldhem home , 16 Broughton

„2 WI 'nn away „ 30 Halifax Oct. 7 Barrow home „ 9 Finn Kingston R. r„ 14 Rochdale (cup-tie) away 79 16 Bradford As„ 21 Oldham 23 Leigh (cup-tie) home

Nov. 4 Ronoorn away home

„ 11 Rophdaie .. 25 Swinton away Dec. '2 Widnes „ 9 home

Rtincorn

„i nßrrqhlll-V ftway „ 23 St_Helens home

„ 25 T,eityh nwny ~ 2g Selford borne

„ 27 Huns let .. 30 Broughton away 1906 Jan. 1 newshury .. A T home

,po(l.t

For Apt. 7 0 2 0 O 19 3 11 10 10 18 0 5 8 10 0 13 0 O 8 2 5 2 5 19 3 12 8 0 6 0 5 6 16 0 0 7 4 5 O 13 0 7

J: MAI home

20 Swinton

.. 27 SAlfnrd Feb. 3 Millnm hnme

„ 10 Mil inrn „ 17 Hnll Kingston R away „ 21 Rarrnw .. 27 llnvrlfnrrl Mar. n N.l7.Cnp Ist Round „ 10 Wigan .. 17 rrls away „ 01 Widn.a .. 31 1"-Znehda1 A Hornets._ away Apl. 7 Hall „ 13 Halifax (G.F) home „ 14 T-TunPlAt home ,„ 16 St. Helens away

RUNCORN.

16 0 Ft 0 3 13 5 0 29 5 10 0 0 13 0 0

1905. For Aust. Sept. 9 Rochdale Hornets home 14 0 „ 16 Morecambe away 9 3 „ 20 011bam .. 23 wienpa home 5 0 Oct. no Pgra fora home 4 3 „ 14 T,Piph flap-Tie „ 21 St Helens home 12 3 „ 28 Swinton Nov. 4 Wnrrintdon home 5 2 „ 11 Leish away 5 8 „ Ifs llf Mom away 22 5 ~ 25 'Morecambe home 13 3 Dec. 2 Normanton home 19 0 „ 9 Warrington away 0 6 ~ 16 Wicen home 0 14 „ 99 Pontarnet .. 25 St. Helens away 0 7 1906. :lan. 1 131-nllollton Ranuers home „ 6 Pontefract " 13

„ 20 Villorn home 29 0 .. 27 Normanton home 6 3 Feh. 3 T,eh home 0 A „ 1n Milifax away 11 3 „ 17 St. Helens away 3 0 .. 24 Mar. 3 lat R Ann d N.U. Cup „ In Swinton „ 17 lnd Round N.D.. Cup. .. „ 94 Rochdale Hornets.., away r,. 91 Widnes away April 7 „ 14 ITllifax

1' 1-1Iforri 21 Bronghton Rangers away

ST. HELENS.

1R4.15. For Agst. Sop. 2 Millom home 34 3 „ 9 Mr) rpelmbe . „ lg Widnes awn y 2 3 „ 23 Hull home 8 5 „ no Oct. 7 Snl ford away 5 25 „ 11 Wi !ran Cop-Tie „ 21 Runcorn ~ 28 Nov. 4 Dewsbury

„ 11 „ 19 Rochciale Hornets... away 11 .. 25 , Dec. 2 nldham home 7 9 Barrow home 25 „ 19 ),Tillnm away 2 „ 29 Wn rrington away 0 0 25 P mworn home 7 .• 25 Wigan home 5

f)O6. Zan. 13 Barrow acray .. 27 Oldham 9 ^ sway - Feb. n Swint on „. 10 Widnes home 5 17 Runcorn home 0 ~ 24

Morecambe ftWa.V „ 1( Rochdale Hornets home „ 17 Sal ford home

si nrd Round N.U. Cur. April. ..7

.„ 13 „ 14 Swinton „ 16 Warr; ngton home

WIDNES.

1905. For Sep. 9 I-Toll Kingston R home 0 „ 10 St. Helen's ~ 23 Rnmeorn ~ 30 Swinton Oct. 7 Leigh „ 14 Morecambe away 5 „ 21 Borrow away 0 „ 28 Barrow Nov. 4 Oldham „ 13 Bronghton Rangers away „ 25 Wigan Dec. 2 Warrington home 0 , 9 Salford away 3 :, 16 Rochdale Hornets home 9

„ 23 Brighonse Ran.... away 0 9 ~ 30 Rochdale Hornets... away 3 3 1906. Jan. 13 Wigan . ' ~ 20 Leigh away 0 14 27 Swinton Feb. 3 Morecambe sway 16 A ~10 St. Helens „ 24 Broughton Rangers ,home Mar. 10 Barrow home n 17 Oldham • „ 24 Warrington away „ 31 Rimcorn Apr, 14 Salford

===== 0002601_19060303_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKETERS' DIARY.

Messrs. Bussey's wonderful little waistcoat pocket ,cricketer's diary and companion has again been issued. The amount of- information between its neat covers is surprising, and the cricket enthusiast, whether a player or merely an "arm-chair critic " could not invest 6d. in anything better. In addition to the memorandum pages; the printed pages give the results of County, University and leading school matches ; of the Gentle- men v. Players ; and the matches with visiting teams ; the relative positions of counties; the aggregate scores made by and against visiting teams ; the batting aver- ages of the year ; the bowling averages of the year ; the high scorers for the past season ; results of matches —England v. Australia, both at home and in the Colonies ; results of Australian Inter-Colonial matches records of interest. The diary also gives the principal fixtures for the coming season ; the latest revised laws of cricket; Tit-bits of useful information to cricketers.

John King. one of the oldest drivers in the service of the Great Eastern Railway, who was fireman of the train by which the King and Queen travelled to Sand- ringham on the occasion of their honeymoon in PM, has just died at Norwich.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0157.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i

' • t • At ,

===== 0002601_19060303_art0158.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• • 4

===== 0002601_19060303_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL TO PIECES.

"All to pieces." This is a form of complaint we often hear of—the system out of condition, temper uncertain, so that the slightest irritation gets on the nerves, rest- less. no appetite,no sleep that is refreshing. Now what is wanted is something to pull you together. Get Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, and you will soon , find that it will pull you together and ! that you will be all right again. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters will do you good, for it contains every- thing necessary for fighting wasting disease. There is 'no doubt about it. Only taken in time, it will ward off Early serious illnesses. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters strengthens that part of the system which is weakest or has been weakened by disease, and therefore more liable to coils and their attendant ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters purifies the blood, and stimulates the circulation. Gwilyn Evans' Quinine Bitters assists and promotes digestion,and improves the appetite. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters braces the nerves and fortifies the muscles. Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters rouses the sluggish liver, and thus enlivens the spirits. Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters emoves all i iri ties and obstructions from the human r ody. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters gives tone to bthe whole system.

There is no secret about Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. Only Dame Nature's secrets to be found in Sarsaparilla, Burdock, Gentian, Lavender, Saffron, and Dandelion, Scientifically combined with a suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose. Far and wide spread the blessings of Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters, the World's Tonic for Suffering Humanity, the Best Remedy of the Age for Ind i n'estion, Weakness, Nervousness,Loss of Appetite,Low Sprrits,Sleeplessness, Chest Affection, and Influenza. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is entirely vegetable, and contains no mineral substances which give future pain and trouble.

I Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is equally adapted to all ages and conditions. Thousands have been perman- ently cured by Gwilym Evans' Qiinine Bitters when all ' other remedies have failed. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters gives strength to the weak, health to the sick, and enjoyment of life to all. Do not be persuaded to take any substitute for Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, but in your own interest, and for your own self-protec- tion, see that the name " Gwilyin Evans" is on the I Label, Stamp and Bottle, of indignantly refuse any I Label, Stamp and Bottle, and indignantly refuse any preparation offered rs a substitute for it. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles 2s, 9d., and 4s. 6d. each everywhere, or will be sent, carriage free, on receipt of stamps, direct from the Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

CHASE AFTER A THIEF.

At Warrington on Saturday Berthelot Czarpinski was charged with stealing a pair of clippers and a razor, valued Ils.,the property of William IVlailing,hairdresser, Liverpool-road.—Prosecutor was in the kitchen when he heard a noise in the shop, and on going there saw the prisoner leaving by the front door. Being suspic- ious, he called to the prisoner, who came back, and, on being questioned, produced the stolen articles from his pocket. He went down on his knees and begged for mercy, but prosecutor, who had missed things before, determined to give him into custody.—During prosecu- tor's absence looking for a policeman the prisoner knocked Mrs Mailing down and bolted.Prosecntor gave chase, and, overtaking prisoner, gave him in charge.— Prisoner was sent to gaol for one month.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
BOYS Brßex ED.

At the Warrington Police Court on Saturday two brothers. Joseph and Edward Cogan, 6, Platt-street, were charged with stealing an egg, of the value of 2d., from a hen-cote on the enclosed premises of Mr. R. T. Fairclough, Mersey Mills.—Superintendent Monaghan stated that on Thursday afternoon a man named Wm. Oxley, who is employed by the prosecutor, saw the boys climbing over a five-feet fence to get to the hen- cote. He caught them and found an egg in the posses- sion of one of the boys. They admitted the offence, but gave their wrong names and addresses. The matter 'was reported to the police and they were both arr9sted. The boys were brought to the police station a short time ago for stealing pigeons, but the prosecutor did not wish to have them locked up, and they were allowed to co.—Mr. R. T. Fairclough said the fence had been broken in last week, and it had been repaired. He bad missed fowls previously, and he was anxious that a stop should be put to it.—The boys were ordered to receive six strokes of the b irch rod and kept at the police station until six o'clock.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKING GRAPHOPHONE RECORDS.

Everyone interested in Talking'Machines is familiar with the term " gold moulded records," but not every- one understands exactly what is meant. Sometimes it even occurs that attempts are made to deceive the public by such statements as "our records are gnaran- teed to contain as much gold as those of any other make." There is of course, no gold in the composition used in making the record cylinders. But the best records are cast in moulds which are lined with pure gold,q hence the expression gold moulded." Unless a record cylinder is produced from a gold mould, it is harsh in tone and wears badly. Every Columbia Cylinder Record is a genuine gold-moulded ecord, and " wears like iron." Colombia Records are also made for disc graplaophones and gramophones. A complete list, together with the March supplement will be sent free to all who write for" Price Book 20 " to the Columbia Phonograph Co., General, 89, Great Eastern Street, London, E.C. Several local dealers handle Columbia Records.

A remarkable recn-d of school attendance has been achieved by an Isle of White lad named Walter J. Butcher,who has just left the Ryde Upper Grade Sckool after serving 91 years without ever being absent or late.

In the City of London Court on Tuesday Judge Rentonl, KM., said : "When you lend money in a friendly way without interest you seldom get it back. You generally lose your money and your friend too."

===== 0002601_19060303_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
STRONG CHILDREN. Children grow strong on Cadbury's cocoa because it contains in a generous measure those food elements that are essential to health and good physical condition. It possesses the combined advantages of being thirst-quenching. invigorating, and highly nourishing, and the children like it especially because it is 'the nicest cocoa."

Everybody should drink Cadhury's cocoa regularlj, at breakfast and lunch time, and particularly with the evening meal, because, owing to its mildly stimulative action, it is one of the few beverages that aid rather than retard the digestion of other foods. _ .

acoa is strongest when pure—Cadbury's is the strongest cocoa because it is the purest. It therefore makes most beverage of the best quality.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

The Examiner, Saturday, M

===== 0002601_19060303_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
(From "The Christian Globe.")

RSFLZCTIONS. Stilts are no better in conversation than in a foot- race. Folly must hold ita tongue while wearing the wig of wisdom.

- It is the foolish aim of the atheist to Ecan infini- tude with a microscope. When poverty cornea in at the cottage door, love goes at it with an are. A vein of humour should be made visible without the help of a reduction-min. The reformer becomes a fanatic when he begins to use his emotions as a substitute for his reasoninz faculties.

The office should seek the man, but it should in- spect him thoroughly before taking him. Humility is most serviceable as an under-garment, and should never be worn as an overcoat. _

The Good Samaritan helps the unfortunate way- farer without asking how he intends to vote.

LITTLE ONES. Little feet may find the pathway Leading upward unto God; Little hands may learn to scatter Seeds of precious truth abroad. Youthful hearts may be the temples For the spirit's dwelling-place; Childhood's lips declare the riches

Of God's all-abounding grace. Little ones, though frail and earth-born, Heirs of blessedness may be; For the Saviour whispers gently, "Suffer such to come to me." And in that eternal kingdom,

'Mid the grand, triumphal throng, Children's voices sweet may mingle In the glorious choral song.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
FISH LIVING IN HOT WATER.

A Mexican naturalist claims to have discovered a species of fish which lives and flourishes in a hot spring in a remote part of Colorado. How these creatures manage to exist in water almost hot enough to boil them is a mystery to be solved by scientists, who are now said to be investi- gating the wonder. The fish are described as being of a light red colour, about three inches long; they are shaped sonievrhat like a pike, with large mouths and bright, prominent eyes. They move very slowly, having none of the swiftness and activity of ordinary fishes, which is perhaps hardly to be wondered at. The Mexican had great difficulty in securing speci- mens. Rook and line were useless. as the fish were indifferent to bait, however tempting. Finally a a small net was procured and two of the fish captured. The spring is well known to the Indians of the loonlity, who regard its waters as curative, and hold the fish in superstitious regard, believing that from them the water derives its healing qualities.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
BB BRAVE ANI) TRUE.

A young girl was deeply concerned about her spiritual interests, and after a severe struggle, started to visit her parlor to ask him to show her the way of As she entered an omnibus in carrying out her pui pose, she saw seated there several of her friends, who asked her where she was going. The tempter immediately said to her: "Don't tell the is where you are going; but answer in eameevaeive wey." At the same time the Spirit whispered to her: Be brave and conscientious about this. Tell them of your purpose, and ask them to go with you. She obeyed the latter voice. Her friends declined to accompany her, and she went on alone. When she came to the minister's house, he came to the door to meet her. She paused from embarrassment for an instant, and then said:

Doctor, I started to come to see you to ask you to lead me to Christ; but now I am here, I have come to tell you that I have found Christ." As she went, she was cleansed.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
BOYS WHO CANNOT.

"It is a peculiar but undoubted fact that there are a few mere ordinary things that, in some par- ticular cases, boys are seemingly quite incapable of performing," said a genial head master the other day to a writer in Chums. "Really, though," he added hastily, " I ought not to admit this, for I may, perhaps, simply be inviting some lad to come and plead that he 'really can't do his lessons.' More than once I have come across boys who, even if you offered them the reward of a new cricket bat, could not, tie a double bow in the orthodox manner. One youth—he is now a man—to this day ties his double bow by making a single bow, pushing the long end of the string through the loop just formed, and then drawing tight in the usual way. Not a few boys make a terrible bungle of tying their neck- ties, and I have even had parents write to me and specially ask that I would have their sons taught better, for ' Charles always looks so very untidy about the neck.' One of my assistants on a certain occasion stopped a fight between two pupils, and discovered that the cause of complaint of one of them was that the other would persist in ruffling his hair. Now, this was taken to be quite an excellent joke, for the lad in question had a head that usually appeared as if it had just been dragged through a thorn bush. The fact was, however, that the one trouble of this young gentleman's existence was that, try as he would, he could not make an even parting in his hair. A boy sleeping in the same dormitory, it was learned, kindly came to his assistance each morning, and drew a straight line with the comb for him. The parting thus formed, though, had to last all day, and other boys, knowing this, took good care that it did not. With a penknife and a piece of wood some boys will carve you almost anything. Others can never even sharpen a pencil. We had one boy who drew atrociously, but whose dearest wish •ou away for a was to become an artist, lie might as well have aimed at being Emperor of China. Cut a pencil he while, scould.naw would would whittle lead,dwhittlearid he would start all clumsily over again."

THE TWO ROSES. A poem for children appears in Little R:ks. This is bow it runs:

Two roses grew upon a bosh, Beneath the summer sky ; And one, alas! through ail the day Woirld hang its head and sigh; The other raised its crimson bloom When morn had first begun, To breathe a tender perfume out, And watch the golden sun. "I felt, a rain-drop," cried the first. " I dread the angry storm." "'Twas morning dew,' rAplied his friend, " A crystal drop aryl warn,. I felt its soft and gentle kiss As from my leaves it rolled ; And, see! the sun has sent a ray To tilt it full of gold." "I felt the wind," the sad .one cried, " A hurricane will blow And cast our petals far and wide Upon the earth below.' "'Twas but the gentle zephyr, friend," The other gitfly said, "That cattle across the leafy wood And o'er the primrose bed." "I see the shadows," cried the first, " The tempest, has begun : The heavy clouds are o'er the sky To hide us from the sun." " e but, the restful shade of eve," Replied the happy rose, And bent its lovely head to meet The summer night's repose.

Toin La!,

===== 0002601_19060303_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
"HOW TO PO _COOP."

Yen want to knii‘V-how to do good, my dear Believe me when I say : You can do more good by being good Then in any other way. 11 Now are ye light in the Lord," we read, Then walk as a child of tight: You will make this world of sin and need • With Heaven's own glory bright. The light of Heaven, my dear, is love— It shines like a golden sun ; It warms the cold, dead hearts of men, And quickens every one. Bo open your heart to the love divine, Let it shine in first, my dear, And then shine out to guide and bless, And purify and cheer. If you grow like Jesus, sweet and pure, And kind, and good, and true, Your ready hands and feet each'day Will deeds 4:4 tatovvy do.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
CALL RIGHTS RFSERTED] DO WE EAT TOO MITCH ?

===== 0002601_19060303_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. ANDREW WILSON (Author of "A Manuel of Health Science," ifc.).

The discussion which periodically takes place on this subject, as is naturally to be expected, evokes a large amount of public interest. We are all more or leas directly concerned with the important function of nourishing our bodies, seeing that to nourish ourselves is the first duty we perform on entering this world, and the last duty we discharge on leaving it. The subject of the amount of the food required is, of course, a strictly scientific one—ill other wcrds we can only, arrive at definite conclusions in the matter through an appeal to scientific knowledge con. .?erning the quantity of food required under dif- ferent circumstances of life. The science of foods and feeding has of late years been very considerably advanced through researches made not merely into the composition of foods and the duties they discharge in our living economy, but also concerning the amount of food required to produce a given amount of " energy " or working power. It should not be forgotten, in the first place, that the functions of food in the body are of a two-fold character. If we com- pare the body to a locomotive engine we find an accurate parallel between that complex piece of machinery and the still more complicated, organism we ourselves own. As the structural material of the engine differs very materially from its energy-producing fuel, so it may be said the foods upon which we subsist exhibit a like difference, even if it is one of not so rigid a character as regards tissue-forming foods and energy-producing articles of diet. The line be- tween these two classes of foods is not a sharply defined one seeing that the two classes of foods may, under certain bodily conditions, somewhat overlap as regards their functions. Thus the body-building foods may, and probably do, contribute somewhat to the development of "energy," whilst the energy producing foods are regarded by many physiologists as capable of giving origin to substances which may be employed in the building up of our tissues. All the same, the division just alluded to is a thoroughly scientific one, and in the main may be regarded as separating the articles on which we subsist into two clearly defined classes or divisions.

BODY-BUILDERS AND ENERGY-PRODUCERS.

The first class of foods—those which go to build up our bodies—are termed "nitrogenous foods, for the reason that amongst the chemical elements of which they are composed nitrogen forms a conspicuous item. Such foods are re- presented by white of egg, juice of meat, curd of milk, gluten of flour, legumin of peas, beans and lentils, and like substances. These are typically our body building substances. They go to form the basis of our living tissues, and therefore correspond in a very direct sense to the material of which the engine is composed. The second class includes " non-nitrogenous" foods. These are represented by fats, starches and sugars. It may here be mentioned that all the starch we consume (in the shape of bread, potatoes, tapioca, rice, &c.) requires to be changed in the progress of digestion into sugar before it can be utilised by the body. Hence starches and sugars in respect of our nutrition mean practically the same thing. They repre- sent our energy producers. There can be little doubt that out of the starches and sugars we consume—and of this material a considerable amount is taken each day—we develop the power of doing muscular work. Fat is also an energy-producing food. Its chief function, however, is the development of heat, but as we may regard the production of heat as being synonymous with the development of energy, we may include fats, starches and sugars to- gether as the foods out of which and from which is developed our working power. In addition to these foods we demand a large quantity of water each day, this fluid being necessary for the digestion of other foods, and because being perpetually parted with by lungs, skin and kidneys, it requires replacement as item an essential in the composition of our living matter. The human body indeed consists by weight of two-thirds of water. Minerals also form an important part of our diet. They discharge certain important func- tions in connection with the digestion of foods, and are required in order to promote the due and proper passing of the blood. An excellent example of the necessity for minerals foods is found in. the fact that we require phosphate of lime when growing, in order to form our bones. Similarly we place common salt on our tables because that mineral is a necessity for the per- fection of the gastric juice of the stomach, while it also discharges other functions in the body. The absence of salts of potash from the food causes that disease formerly only too well-known amongst sailors, namely, " scurvy."

THE REGULATIONS OF QUANVITY.

Turning now to the amounts of food which are required under different conditions of life, we find that the quality as well as the quantity of food necessarily varies according to age, while sex plays an important part in the deter- mination of the amount of food required. Occupation is also another condition which has to be taken into account in coanection with not merely the quantity, but also the quality of the food consumed. Hence no rigid rule Can be drawn with regard to the quantity of food con- sumed unless circumstances of the individual life are taken into account. It is the omission of this latter feature which renders unscientific discussions regarding the amount of food re- quired for our healthy support somewhat value- less. An excellent example of the regulation of the quantity of food consumed and of the selec- tion of a particular quality with reference to the work a human body has to perform is found in the case of prison dietaries. The scale of feeding naturally varies according to the labour the prisoner Ls called upon to perform. The ap- plication of this principle to ordinary life can be readily estimated, seeing that two men living utterly different lives require not tuerel a diet of a different quality, but likewise require their food to be supplied in different amoants: A comparison of the food required per day for the support of a man doing ordinary work reveals certain interesting features. If we take the tnean or average calculations derived from food tables compiled by three of the most distin- guished physiologists who have investigated this question, and m!tking no allowance for water either taken as water or for that contained chemically in the food, and likewise neglecting the question of any waste, we find the average amounts required by the man per day to work out as follows :—Nitrogenous food 431 ounces, I fats 353 ounces, starches and sugars 11.71 ounces, and minerals 1.00 ounce. The total water-free food per day thus amounts to 2055. ounces.

lithe man is put on the other band to very hard work and the diet calculated under the same circumstances—that is to say the amount of nutritive material which ii,must be placed absolutely at the service of his body—it would represent a total of from 26.7 to 31 ounces. Nitrogenous foods would be given to the extent of 6 to 7 ounces, fats from 3i to 4?)- ounces, starches and sugars from 16 to 18 ounces, and the minerals from to 11 ounce. Here we find illustrated the genral principle that where the human engine is called upon to perform a greater amount of work we must stoke, it _accordingly. Ilavint; thus obtained a

===== 0002601_19060303_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
'ch 3, 1906.

acanuarit or average tor ormnary and hard wont, it is obvious that the answer to the question " do.we eat too much ?" will depend materially upon the circumstances of the individual life.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
CIRCVMSTANCRS ALTER CASES.

The sedentary man does not require the same amount of food as the hewer of wood and drawer of water working hard with his musoles, but what is of vastly greater 'importance is the recognition of the fact that the brain worker and sedentary liver requires his food presented to him in a shape much more readily adapted for easy digestion than the man who may be deemibed as the toiler turd moiler. Your country ploughman may make a very hearty and sub- stantial meal off bread and cheese, a form of food which both as regards its i.inality and its quantity would be utteTly indigestible by 1111 city man. We see that the question of feeding therefore does not resolve itself no Mach into it question of quantity as really into a question of quality of food, but that condition, which cer- tainly operates most definitely in so far as the question of over-eating is concerned is that re- presented by the question of age. A wise physician dealing with the question of age and with the occurrence of extreme stoutness or corpulence remarks that many persons neglect the important physiological rule that the need of food naturally diminishes with advancing years, just as the capacities for digesting and assimilating and duly utilising food diminish also. He adds that "It is difficult to make a man of forty understand that he cannot pro- perly utilise and adequately dispose of as much food as he used to when thirty, or a man of fifty as much as when he was forty ; so that a diet which would not be in anyway excessive at the former age, becomes distinctly excessive and productive of undesirable corpulence on the liver."

DIFFERENT MRS DTFFERENT MEALS.

It is of importance, therefore, to recognise the great law that with advancing age the quantity of food required cUrninishes simply because the working power of the body itself decree see, and the human engine therefore requires less stok- ing. We may also note that a wise selection of foods forms another important item in connec- tion with the question whether or not we eat too much. For example, if a person takes each day only half an ounce of sugar over the amount which is necessary for him, and this sugar be stored up in the body as fat, we should find him to represent an increase of weight per annum of over eleven pounds, amounting in five years .to four stones of increase. Here again we find illustrated the important principle that the quality of food should be regulated by the Cir- cumstances of the individual life. Jast as the thin, spare and lean person may take a fair allowance of starch and sugar, and especially fat as a heat forming food, so the person who is inclined to make flesh, so to speak, on little food will require to adopt the opposite regime, and a spare dietary in the latter case will be found to be that which is most productive of health. After all it is the wise individual regula- tion of life connected, with foods and drinks which alone can guide us in the pathways of health. Each person is a law unto himself or herself, not merely in the matter of foods and drinks, but even of the drugs by aid of which the physician treats our diseases. It is undeniable that the tendency of our age lies in the direction of luxury, over-feeding appearing naturally as part and parcel of the luxurious mode of living in which too many of us indulge. Those who have experienced the increased vigour both of body and mind which results from the adoption of a dietary which is just sufficient for the due development of their bodily and mental work and no more, will readdy. testify to the fact that the man who over-eats loses much of the rational enjoyment of life.

ASTHMA. A RECORD CURE. • IN HOSPITAL EIGFITEEN WEEKS. CURED BY

===== 0002601_19060303_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

Mr. ROBERT YORKSTON, Cuthbertson's Buildings, Gilmerton, Midlothian, writes, May Bth, 1905 :—" I 6,m getting on first-class now; I started work last week and drew my first pay for 25 months. I can safely say that if it had not been for your treatment I would not be at work yet. The damp weather does not affect me now and my breathing is splendid- I have no need for Asthma Powder; my cough has entirely gone. I am perfectly justified in announcing that I am cured after two years' suffering." Vi.NOS LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is the safest and speediest remedy procurable for spasmodic asthma, catarrhal bronchities, and chranic coughs. Sold at Chemists everywhere ; 9id., Is lid.,and 2s. 9d.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL SHEPHERDY.

A Successful Year in the Warrington

District.

The annual report of the Warrington district of the Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds has just been issued and contains the following interesting information On the threshold of the year 1906, it affords us great pleasure to submit to you the annual statement of accounts of both the District and Lodges for the year 1905, and in doings() we trust that the same will receive at your hands the thoughtful attention they deserve. It will be perceived on reviewing the work for the past twelve months, that 47 new members were admitted, while during the same period we lost through death 10, and 36 seceded from the District, leaving the member- ship at 904, or an increase of one over the previous year. Turning to the financial side, the fends of the District stand at £MI 12s. 91d., or an increase in round figures of £4O, while the accumulated capital of thenine Lodges nowamounts to £5330 2s. 01d. I as against £5,204 19s. 5d., or an actual gain of £125 2s. 71d. The Lodges have during the year paid to its sick members the sum of £705 ss. 111 d. as against £773 7s. the year previous. The funeral claims amounted to £l9oor a decrease of £3B from 1904. It will be noticed that several Lodges have had an unusual amount of sickness amongst their members. This is unfortunate, both from a Lodge's and a sick brother's point of view, but there is consolation and satisfaction in knowing that the sum so distributed must have been in many caae.s a source of benefit and comfort, and that the fore- thought and good management in safeguarding and in- vesting in highclass securities, the surplus income in favourable years has not been in vain and without its effect. It is, however, pleasant for us to reflect that on the whole the past year has been satisfactory. We have every cause to be thankful that we are in our present position, especially when we consider that the great depression which prevailed during the year 1904 still continued for the better portion of the past year. There are signs that the prospect for the future,As regards employment and trade generally, is much brighter and that the dark cloud of depression is slowly but surely lifting: We are hoping and trusting that such signs in the revival of trade will not only benefit the working classes, but that our par- ticular Order and District will have a fair share of such prosperity. We should be remiss in our duty if we allowed the opportunity to pass without placing on record our appreciation and thanks to those brethren who, year in and year out, have by their effort; assisted in promoting the true welfare and success of their respective Lodges. With every good wish,we are yours very fraternally, Josh. Mather, Pro. C.S. ; T.Baskerville. D.P.C.S. ; James Parr, Dis. Treas. ; Peter Edgar, Dig. Sec. The Lodge Examiners (Messrs. Lawrence Weir, and David Harris) after certifying on the very satisfactory condition of the books state that they regret very much to And in some of the Lodges, the very heavy sickness they have had to contend with during the past year which has deprived them of making the necessary gaits so many of them desire to see, but they trust that the coming year will bring better prosperity in that I direction.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
Light Pastry.

Plain pastry for meat pies, fruit tarts, etc., will always be light and digestible if a little of Brown & Poison's "Paisley Flour be mixed with the ordinary , flour before making the dough. One part to twelve of ordinary flour is enough. The results will surprise you.

Try it now.

•

, e" " 4,0,7,4 k . • .;, _

===== 0002601_19060303_art0177.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
THE INFIRMARY.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
Increased Contributions from the Workingmen's Committee.

In the raising of funds on behalf of the Warrington Infirmary the Workingmen's Committee plays an important part. It is the ambition of the members to collect £l,OOO per annum for this most deserving institution, and during the past year they have come very near to the attainment of that ideal, the sum raised being £960. At the annual meeting of the Com- mittee, which was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall on Saturday afternoon an encouraging report was presented and the enthusiasm augured well for the success of the coming year's work. The Mayor (Alder- man Bolton) presided and amongst those present were : —Alderman Roberts (chairman of the committee), Rev. John Yonge, Councillor Dr. Joseph, Messrs. John Fair- dough, G. Thompson, J. H. J. Hampson (treasurer) and R. Ingham (secretary). Letters of apoloay for non- attendance were received from Mr. F. Monks, the Rev. 11. V. Pigot, and Mr. C. Jackson Holmes. The MAYOR said that was the third occasion on which he had had the pleasure of presiding at the annual meeting of the committee and each time the report appeared to be more favourable. He complimented the committee upon the fact that while the contributions exceeded last year's by £64 the expenses incurred were about £g less. That showed that they had a thoroughly conscien- tious and hard-working committee who were doing their utmost to aid a worthy institution—one of the best that they could possibly have in a town like Warrington. The Infirmary was of particular advantage to workingmen and it was managed as economically as possible.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ACCOUNTS.

Mr. HAMPSON said he was pleased to report a sub- stantial increase in the amounts received from the works which totalled £Bl4 is. ed. as against £750 148.2 d. last year. He was sorry that they had lost the help of two good firms owing to work closing down. The total amount raised during the year was £960 7s. 3d. as compared with £89645. 4d. After paying expenses the net sum handed over to the Infirmary was £945 9s. sd. He desired to thank the office staffs in the works for the trouble they had gone to in putting the contribu- tions through the wages books and all the delegates for the courtesy he had received when visiting the works. Alderman ROBERTS expressed the hope that as the result of the coming year's endeavours they would be able to hand over £l,OOO to the institution. He reminded the meeting that the Infirmary would soon have to be extended,and that would entail thousands of pounds of extra expenditure. The growth of the town demanded the increased accommodation, and he hoped the workingmen would make special efforts. For its size the Infirmary was second to none in efficiency in England. He hoped that when the Committee met next year the extension would be an accomplished fact. Since the Workingmen's Committee came into existence it had been instrumental in handing over to the Infirmary £14,325 14s. 4d. (Applause). Mr. E. HORROCKS, a new delegate, asked what amount the working people of Warrington were expected to subscribe and what the money was used for, The MAYOR said Alderman Roberts had expressed the hope that the committee would be able to raise £l,OOO. The money was all devoted to the expenses of the Infirmary and the working classes obtained the benefit. Mr. 1.. WADSWORTH moved the adoption of the balance sheet and said it was very gratifying to see the substantial increase in contributions. Much of the credit for this was due to Mr. Hammon who had intro- duced a better system of collection. Mr. C. H. HIBBERT seconded. He felt that £l,OOO was a very small amount for the committee to raise and he was sure they xould obtain it during the com- ing year. He was told that workingmen's committees in other towns of no greater population than Warring- ton raised much larger sums than the Warrington committee. In view of the extension which would soon have to be undertaken the committee ought to arrange for a systematic course of collection in all the works of the town and aim at raising £1,500. He firmly believed they could do that if they put their shoulders to the wheel. The balance sheet was adopted. THE COMMITTEE.

On the motion of Mr. WATKINS seconded by Mr. CLARKE it was decided that the delegates present should form a general committee with power to add to their number. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. Mr. G. THOMPSON said it bad been his pleasure on many occasions to propose the election of Alderman I Roberts as chairman of the committee. Owing to the death of Mr. T.Bi rchall, whose services to the Infirmary they all appreciated, a vacancy occurred on the Finance and Visiting Committee of the insti- tution. He (Mr. Thompson) thought it was only fair that the Workingmen's Committee should be represented and on his proposition Alderman Roberta was elected a member of that committee. He had now pleasure in moving that Alderman Roberts be re-elected chairman of the Workingmen's Committee to which he bad given many years of painstaking service. In order to show the need for funds Mr. Thompson pointed out that since 1901 there had been an increase of 461 accident and emergency cases annually dealt with and the total number of cases treated to-day was an increase of 2,118 over 1901. During the same period the annual cost of drugs had risen by £221, the expendi- ture under that head during the past year being nearly £BOO. It took the Finance Committee all their time to make both ends meet. _

MT. ECKERSLEY seconded and Mr. BROADMURST sup- ported the proposition which was unanimously carried. Mr. H. HOPE moved the re-election of Councillor Burton as deputy chairman and said they could not possibly have a better man for the office. Mr. JONES seconded and the motion was agreed to. Mr HORROCKS moved the re-election of Mr. R. Higham as secretary. He again asked how much the committee was expected to find for the Infirmary. Where did it begin and where did it end? The MATOR : It never ends. (Laughter.) Mr. HORROCKS : If it is never going to end it is no use beginning on those lines. Mr. A. WRITE seconded and said the success of the committee was largely due to the energy of the Secretary. The motion was carried and Mr. HIGRAM returned thanks. _ _

On the motion of Mr. TAYLOR, seconded by Mr. DAINTITII, Mr. J. H. J. Hampson was re-elected hon. treasurer. Alderman John Roberts, Councillor Burton and Messrs. C. M. Watkins and William Daintith were appointed members of the Board of Management, and Mr. George Walker was re-elected representative on the Education Committee.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
TOTES OF THANKS.

Mr. JOHN FAIRC—LO—U-GH-- rii;;;;;4---a: vote of thanks to the Chairman, Deputy-Chairman, Secretary, Treasurer, hon. auditor, and representative on the Education Cora- mitttee. Alluding to Mr. Horrock's question he said the expenses of the Infirmary were something like three thousand pounds a year. They had no fund except from subscriptions,money which had been left to the institu- tiod, and the contributions of workingmen. If the working men gave £l,OOO, they would be almost paying a third of the expenses of the institution. Now the Infirmary was going to 13 extended,and if they pro- vided forty more beds which they would endeavour to do,they would require £4,500. They would want £1,500 ' raising yearly by some means, and they would be glad ' if the working men would go on increasing their con- tributions. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DaiNTITH seconded, and Alderman Roberts, Mr. I • Hampson, Mr. Bighorn, and Mr. Walker returned , thanks. Votes of thanks were passed to the Press, Chief Con- stable and police, Warrington Rugby Football Clubs. ' committee of May Day possession of horses,Mr. Down's , Band, and Mr. Victor G. Roberts ; also to the hon. medical officers, senior and junior house surgeons,matron, 1 and nurses. I In responding on behalf of the hon. medical officers I Dr. Joseph said perhaps the meeting hardly realized the extent and value of the work done by those gentlemen, ! particularly in the operation department. They did , work there which in private practice would be paid for in hundreds of guineas, but they performed the duties ungrudgingly. I Dr. JOSEPH proposed a vote of thanks to the Mayor ' for presiding, and also for the use of the Council Chamber. He thought he had presided over the meet- ing with good taste and readiness, and had kept them in order.

The Rev. JOUN YONGE seconded, and said he was pleased the institution received such generous support from the workingmen. He did not suppose there was

another purpose for whicitthe Council Chamber could be used which would be more worthy of it than that meeting:

The Nlayor briefly returned thanks.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

FIRST DIVISION.

Goals

P. W. L. D. For agst. Pts Warrington Albions Oughtrington Park 9 7 2 0 36 12 14 Thelwall l2 4 4 4 17 22 12 Orford Barracks Lymm Stockton Heath Vulcan A.F.C. Widnes St. Ambrose Castner Kellner Res ll 2 6 3 18 26 7

SECOND DIVISION. Latchford Christ Church lB 14 1 3 48 16 Stockton Heath Res Warrington Albion Res. Vulcan Res. St. Barnabas l7 8 6 3 33 34 Widnes St. Ambrose Res l7 7 5 5 26 16 Warrington St. Paul's Halton A.F.C. 4, l5 5 7 3 22 25 Castner Kellner Res. l7 5 9 3 24 28 Widnes St. Peters *Earlestown Y.M.C. A Oughtrington St. Peter's Daresbury l6 110 5 15 29 *Two points deducted. Results for February 24th. Lymm 8, Widnes St. Ambrose 0. Thelwall 2, Castner Kellner 2. Oughtrington Park 8, Orford Barracks 0. Oughtrington St. Peters's 1, Albion Reserve 5. Widnes St. Ambrose 1, Halton 0. Warrington St. Paul's 1, Christ Church 3. Matches for March 3rd. Stockton Heath v. Castner Kellner. Lymm v. Orford Barracks. Halton v. Widnes St. Paul's. Castner Kellner Reserve v. Stockton Heath Reserve. St. Barnabas v. St. Ambrose Reserve.

31 26 26 20 19 19 16

Burning Fatality. Mr. S. Brighouse, County Coroner, held an inquest at the Police Station on Tuesday touching the death of Levi Bebbington (40), ironworker, 89, Pierpoint-street. —The evidence showed that at seven o'clock on Thursday morning of last week deceased was "knocked up" by a fellow-workman to go to work. He com- plained of feeling tired and told the man that he would not go to work that day. After dismissing the man deceased went into the kitchen and shortly afterwards his wife, who was in the front room, heard a shout. On going into the kitchen she saw deceased with his shirt on fire. She took up a rough apron and put out the flames but not before the deceased had been very severely burnt about the body. He was removed to the Infirmary where he died on the following day. He had told his wife that he took his pipe from the mantle- piece, lit it, and turned round, when the hack portion of his shirt caught flre.—A verdict of " Accidental death " was returned,

CONIMERCIAL FAlLURE9.—Amording to Kemp's Mercantile Gazette, the total number of Commercial Failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, February 23rd, was 160, viz. :—New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 96; Deeds of Arrangement registered, 64. rhe respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were : Bankruptcies, 105 ; Deeds of Arrangement 91—Total 196; being a decrease of 36. The total number of Commercial Failures recorded during the S weeks of the present year is 1,329 ; the total number recorded in the corresponding 8 weeks of last year was 1,453 showing a decrease of 124.

Mr. Austin Taylor, M.P., har resigned the member- ship of the Liverpool Conservative Club, and asked that his name shall be removed from the list of the Liverpool Constitutional Association.

s Pain.

me Back

Sciatica,

Contracted

Muscles and

Rheumatism.

Price 1/11- by all Chemists, or post from Wholesale Depot 32 Snow HM, )ndon, E.C.

TOOTH-ACHE

CURED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S PreveAtesZ/leecssayiriSgahvtessp=r, N1313274LC1T1 HEADACHES and all NERVE PAINS removed NERVINE by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Chemists, IS. As &specific fee Thethaehe it has ad equal. I have used it Imo:east-Idly few yearir,"—TA•v, W, WlL4ert. 151,D. Ar--_--......mogrameemanommeamermemasaphii

~. „,..„... SLOAN'S ,i,..,. . ~. ENT ~._, ~. illiirg yr.--. ...,, . , 1 lot& 111,44, 1 Y ttlaf f. * trittt f' VA 3' i.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0182.txt | included=true | included =====
My Dear Children, I wonder how many of you have gardens of your own. During the past week I have been arranging for you to hold a flower show in the summer. a I propose to give you a list of the seeds required, and during the summer I shall award nice prizes for the best flowers sent from these seeds. All at them will be very easy to cultivate, and will thrive in the open ground. None must be grown in greenhouses, this would hardly be fair as all of you have not a greenhouse. I want you all to think over this proposition, and it you wish to enter for the competition, please send me in your names and addresses during the next week or two. in I was a young boy I used to grow flowers n a little garden of my own. and I sent them to several small flower shows, and I was fortunate enough to get several prizes. I have awarded a prize this week to Leonard Oram for the amusing piece of poetry printed further down these columns, I shall also be very pleased to send a prize to Nancy Porter for her interesting story, but unfortunately I have mis- laid her address, if she will kindly send me this, a prize will be forwarded at once. Many other pieces of poetry and short stories have been sent me this week, and I hope to print these and award the prizes in a week or two. Nine of my post card albums have been sent off this week, each album dispatched means twenty-four new name q for our League. You will see a very in- teresting letter from a new member living in Constantinople, I am sure you would all like to hear more about this interesting place, and I should be pleased to have a long letter telling me all about the habits and customs of the people of Constantinople. Perhaps this little girl will give me her lull address as I may at some future time award her a prize. With all good wishes from

UNCLE NED.

Constantinople, 3rd February, 1906. • Dear Uncle ted, You will perhaps be surprised to get a letter from a little girl in Constantinople. My father . gets an English paper sent to him, and I am very fond of reading the , Children's Corner, and I would like to become a member of the Children's Corner League. came out to Turkey with my mother three years ago, we came by sea, and when we came uto the•Bosphorus we thought it was a beautiful place, there are mosques and minarets on all sides. ;On the water there are lots off steamboats to carry passengers to the different towns and villages on the Bosphorus, and, Golden Horn. There are also hundreds of little native boats, and in one of these we landed and very glad we were to see dadda, who was waiting for us on the quay. •When we got on shore the Turkish police, who all wear swords and a great many carry pistols in their belts, took us to the Custom House to look at our passport and stamp it. Then they put our names in a book as new arrivals, and after looking into our luggage told us we could go. When the porters, or hamals as they are called, had finished shouting and quarrelling about the price to carry our luggage, it was taken through. the huilding and put into a carriage which we call an araba, and the coachman is called an arabadji, we entered another carriage and moved off as quickly as we could. The dogs are in every street—there are hun- dreds of them—and every one keeps to its own street. It a strange one comes in the others all begin to light him and drive him away unless he proves to u rest. e strong and can fight better than the They lay on the pavement and in the street and they Will not move If udo not shout " boost to them " hoos't " is what every one here shouts at the dogs to make them move away. Most of the dogs are very dirty as they live day and night in the streets and feed on the rubbish thrown out from the houses, but the puppies are pretty, fat little things. sometimes Ited some of these, and they always remember me. The streets are most of them very dirt* and a great many smell very badly. Many of the houses art built of wood, and lots look as if they would tumble down if you gave them a good hard push, but some of them have thick strong walls, and have been standing for huntheds of years. The streets are not like the English ones, /they are small and all ups and downs, but a few are very nice. I shall now be looking anxiously in the Child- ren's Corner to see if you would like to hear more about this wonderful old city of Constanti- nople. From your new little niece, ALICE LUCE HILDA UNSTEAD, (81).

I

Dear Uncle Ned, It gives me great pleasure to write these few lives to you On Friday morning when the ground was covered in snow, a beautiful book arrived for me. It is you that I have to thank for this present. The book is called " Torn Martin," and I was much taken up with the story. In i later years t x'ill always remind me of you and your nephews and nieces, With very great thanks, I still remain, yours affectionately, Wm. CLARKE.

ow

===== 0002601_19060303_art0183.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

ORIN

, - . _

===== 0002601_19060303_art0184.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_19060303_art0185.txt | included=true | included =====
Miftiord.m....,_,

MOST EXTRAORDINARY OFFER. We mare than oh other Maker: combined thereicre our Customer, benefit in Pries. The htnrvehous Free Gem king Book and st beautifuhy Murated Nutshell Catalogue area! `"l'"d• st ho 01 wetul and ent,taming good; tar the "'We( """• Yo n ° ehould wie at cnoe We give instant attention WRITING For 28. lid. •nly, compiete and Rail Free Oak Stained and Pali-tied Writing Cabinet Desk, DESIi;F-6eTer"i Loch dneh:il24 YE learse ri3 Zael i nip= ticiT: OuTFIT f;rn%-i, PAlVlror"inlnei: Mention Papee Francis. Exchange St., Norwich._

===== 0002601_19060303_art0186.txt | included=true | included =====
Deavencle Ned, , Thank you very much for the nice book you sent me. I received it on Saturday. I have read it through, and think it is very nice. I' did not expect to get a prize, and when it came it nearly took my appetite away for tea. Your loving little nephew, SYDNEY ELLIOTT.

THE BRAVE FIREMAN. (Concluded).

"Mother, mother!" cried little Wile. "All right, don't be afraid," said the fireman, "I am taking you to your mother. Keep your mouth shut, and dont let the smoke in. Don't speak again either of you! " He held them tightly, one in each arm, and had not a hand free to feel his way. Nelly's arms clung round about his neck. She was too frightened to speak or move, but she was not afraid of the strange man any more. As the flames were coming up the stairs, the fire- man dared not run straight down, for fear the steps might be burnt through. So he tried each one very carefully, and moved down slowly. Sometimes the smoke and heat that were coming up were so great, that the fireman Was almost driven baek to try the window again. But as the flames had now burst out below the window, he could not get down the ladder with the children, and it was too far to throw them down even upon the carpets and beds kept ready to catch them. He must go on, as the only chance of escape is by the stairs. Nelly wondered if these could be the same stairs that she and Dolly had gone up all their lives. What could make them so long? She thought it must all be a dream, and that she should go on down, and down until she woke. Then she heard shouting and crying in the street. There seemed to be a great many people quite near, bat they were all outside. At last the fireman reached the front door, and as soon as the crowd saw him with the children in his arms, they cried out " The children are saved! All honour to thei brave firemen!" and someone ran out of the crowd, threw her arms round the children, and round the fireman too, and sobbed, but could not speak..,, Who was it? Why, their mother!

NANCY PORTgR.

Dear Uncle Ned, _ _ I am pleased to see what a large /number of• children have joined your League, and I think it has made great progress. lam sending you a piece of poetry. It is called GETTING INFORMATION OUT OF PA. My pa he didn't go down town Last evening atter tea, But got a book an' settled down • As comfy as could be. I'll tellsou I was offul glad To have my pa about, To answer all the things I had Been tryin' to find out. And so I asked him why the world Is round instead of square? And why the piggies tails are curled? And why don't fish breathe air? And why the moon don't hit the stars? And why the dark is black? And jest how manY\ birds there are? And will the wind- come back?

And why does water stay in wells? And why do June-bugs hum? And what s the roar I hear in shells?

And W-1-1-er;-rill-"&;.iiiii;;;;;;;F And why the grass is always green Instead of sometimes blue? And why a bean will grow a bean And nqt an apple too?

And why a horse can't learn to moo? And why a cow can't neigh? And do the fairies live on dew? And what makes hair turn grey? And then my pa got up an', Gee The ()Ifni words he said, I hadn't done a thing but he Jest sent me off to bed, I remain your affectionate nephew, LEONARD ()RAM.

THE BLIND BOY.

0 l say What is that thing call'd Light Which .1 must ne'er enjoy, What are the blessings of the sight, 0 tell your poor blind boy. You talk of wond'rous things you see, You say the sun shines bright, I feel him warm, but how can he Or make it slay or night. My day or night myself I make Whene'er I sleep or play; And could I ever keep awake, With me 'twere always day. BARRY E. CLARKE.

LIST OF NEW MEMBERS. Irene Thompson, Edith Stokes, Hilda Stokes, Clifford Boyer Henry Boyer, Winnie Boyer, Charles Harbridge, Richard Ball, Elsie Slater, Gladys Smith, William Orchard, Lily Sperry, Mary _lngham, Carry Mounteer, Rhoda Rarnsbot- torn, M. L. Ramsbottom, Harry Crabtree, Frances Baxendale, Ethel Heap, Nelly Barnes, Lizzie Howarth, Annie Howarth, Sam Howarth, Maggie Howarth, Janey Ryan, Lizzie Ryan, Evelyn Kay, Maggie Kirby, Emily Mills, Florrie Mercer, Clara Searle, Gladys Duckworth, Inez Hindle, Tilda Hoyle, Alice Mary Barlow, Mary Richardson, Lizzie Richardson, Nancy Shakelton, George Hoose, George Bircll, Arthur Sharp, James Haynes, Jeannie Haynes, Denis Tye, Nellie Hoose, Grace Lea, Nellie Sharp, Florrie Sharp, Lily Dunkerley, Nellie Stiles.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0187.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEM

===== 0002601_19060303_art0188.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION LEAGUE.

RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S MATCHES.

G. M. P. G. T. P. Broughton R 2 4 16 *Widnes 0 0 0 *Hull Leigh 0 1 3 *Millom *Rochdale H 0 2 6 Bradford *Batley *St.Helens 2 1 7 Dewsbury *Swinton l2 8 Wigan - 01 3 *Leeds 3 3 15 York 3 2 12 *Barrow *Halifax 1 2 8 Oldham 2 0 4

Warrington Draw at Barrow. The Warrington men were expected to bring full points away from Barrow on Saturday, but they only succeeded in halving the spoil, the raatch ending in a draw. Dickinson re-appeared at centre for Warrington, while Brooks took the plaas of Kenyon on the left wing. Gifford was a prominent absentee from the home side. The weather was very had. Snow and sleet falling a good part of the time, and the ground was consequently very heavy. Warrington had the best of the game and should have won, but poor handling of the wet ball caused chances to be missed. The teams were :

Barrow—Spencer, Fox, Bowker, Mellor, Little ; Fallowileld, WlCenny, Treweek, Morgan, Lloyd, Brown, Brough, Jardine, Trescatherie, and Craig. Warrington—Berry, Brooks, Taylor, Dickinson, Widdeson, Hookenhall, Lees, Preston, Boardman, Thomas, Heath, Swift, Harmer, Jolley, and Morrison.* Referee, E. H. Smirk, Preston. Preston kicked, off, and Spencer replying to antre, Hockenhall was the first to open out the game from the initial scrimmage.Dickenson failed to hold the oval,and Warrington missed an opening in the first few minutes. The visiting backs again got their passing machinery at work only to find the movement break down at the right wing, and profiting by the inability of the " Wire- pullers" to cross the line, Fallowfield cleared to centre, where Berry shone in some huge touch kicking. A penalty against the visitors was taken by Bowker,but the kick went wide of the mark, and this narrow escape was succeeded by Hochenhall breaking away and racing down the centre. The home quarters were reached until Little bore down on the tricky half-back and the situa- tion was saved. Another battle royal was witnessed between the forwards, for after the Warrington set had dribbled dangerously near the home goal, the Barrow vanguard got the better of a hot scrimmage, and a long rush landed the game once more at neutral quarters. Here the home half-backs tried to open out the game, but the tackling of Taylor and Dickenson was too safe to allow of much progsess, whilst Bowker and Mellor • returned the compliment when Dicken- son accepted a pass from Lees, and tried to make headway. Penalties against Warrington assisted the Barrovians to ease the pressure slightly, and though the visitors claimed a big advantage forward, the Northerners stuck to their opponents tenaciously, the tackling being of a robust nature. Mellor broke away, and the chances favoured the locals, until Fox upset the movement with offside, play. Warrington retaliated and Widdeson was given a chance, but he preferred to kick and Spencer saved. Warrington rushed the scrimmages, and the home custodian was busily employed in defending until Bowker relieved, and Little following up, Berry was tackled in possession. However, Lees, Hockenhall, Dickenson and Widdeson combined neatly and Brooks made a big effort to get through. The kicking was sure and eventually Bowker and Berry excelled in some fine exchange kicking, the advantage resting with the visitors. Lees next made a fine attempt to cross, being pulled up only a few feet from the line. Barrow rushed I sway to the opposite end, where Berry was repeatedly called upon, and not found wanting. The visitors' backs were usually in possession and Brooks tried hard to get through, only to find Little ever on the alert and upset calculations. Bowker had another ineffectual shot at goal, and after this failure the Warrington forwaris asserted themselves splendidly, and Spencer was fully employed in arresting progress. A speedy retaliation was made by the home eight, and at half-time no substantial score had been recorded' The second portion was almost a repetition of the earlier stages, Hockenhall and Lee being well shadowed by McKenny and Fallowfleld. Preston had two fruit- less kicks at goals for the visitors, and Treweeke on one occasion saved the home line in splendid fashion. In the last minute Hockenhall, Lees and Taylor combined effectively, but Widdeson knockpd forward from the final pass, and a splendid chance was lost, the game end- thy in a pointless draw.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0189.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY'S MATCHES.

Bradford Halifax 0 0 0 Wakefield _1 0 2

Batley 1 1 5 Barrow 0 0 ,0 lieighley —0 0 0 _ .

Warrington Beaten at Bradford. On Tuesday, Warrington departed for Bradford in the middle of 4 heavy snowstorm, and with several regular players absent. They found the Park Avenue ground covered with slush and almost unfit for play, while only about 2,000 spectators assembled. Mr. F. Kennedy, (Broughton) was referee and teams were as follows : Bradford—Gunn, back ; Dobson, Heseltine, Mosby, and Dechan, three-quarter backs ; Marsden and Sur- man, half backs ; Laidlaw, Feather, Smales, Grayson, Turner, Mann, Sharratt and Rees, forwards. Warrington—Knight, back ; Widdison, Dickinson, Taylor, and Brooks, three-quarter backs ; Lees and Hockenball, half backs ; Preston, Heath, Swift, Thomas, Harmer, Morrison, Foster, and Jolley, for- wards. . . .

Bradford were soon on the attack, but the viaitors by good use of their feet, and splendid kicking by Knight, for a long time kept the home team at bay. Gunn was first to make a notable individual effort by breaking his way through the thick of his opponents, and having made a fine opening, and got near the Warrington line, he passed to Feather. The home forward, however, could not hold the ball, and a try was thrown away. The visitors were now kept busy defending, and after a scrummage Marsden neatly dropped a goal. Not long after Warrington were penalised, and Marsden placed another goal. The next score was the result of more attractive work. Marsden got away near the centre after a scrummage and ran. Then he transferred to Heseltine, who out-witted his opponents, and finished a splendid run by making a try. Laidlaw made a good shot for goal, but the ball went slightly wide. At half- time the score was—Bradford 2 goals and 1 try (7 points), to Warrington, nil. The second half opened with dull play in neutral territory,the men finding it difficult to keep their feet. Again Knight distinguished himself by fine kicking, gaining a lot of ground thereby; but the forwards began to give way, and could not keep on the attack for long. More than once, however, Warrington looked like scoring. Marsden made a mistake, and the ball was rushed to near the home line. A penalty lost the visitors their position, but their forwards again became dangerous, and Bradford being penalised, Knight had a shot at goal. The ball went wide, but Brooks by smart following up, came near scoring, the ball just beating him in going dead. Close on the finish Bradford once more looked like adding to their points, but Knight was safe, so that the final read—Bradford 2 goals and 1 try (7 points), to Warrington nil.

FRIENDLY MATCH. _WARRINGTON "A' V. RUNCORN FERTILIZERS.

Played at Wilderspool before a capital attendance. Isherwood, the old Warrington centre, made a welcome re-appearance in tho team, after ten weeks' absence. The game was of a one-sided nature, though the visitors caused quite a surprise by opening the scoring, taking advantage of a mull by the home back,and registering a try. Warrington pressed continuously after and nally won by 53 points to Runcorn 8 points.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0190.txt | included=true | included =====
The Original Cocoa, and a Speciality.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0191.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

Distinguished from all others by its invigorating nutritious qualities and delicious flavour. It contains all the substance

of the choicest Nibs, and main- tains its leading position as

===== 0002601_19060303_art0192.txt | included=true | included =====
COCOA

the best form of Cocoa for evory-day Wm.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0193.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060303_art0194.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, March 3, 1906.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0195.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

SUNDAY SCHOOL SocIAL.—An enjoyable social, pro- moted by the teachers and elder scholars of Christ Church Sunday school, was held in the National School on Monday evening. About 120 persons were present and the proceedings were highly successful. Games, dancing and songs made up the programme, and refresh- ments were provided. Miss Muriel Mellor sang the songs " Dear old home" and" Navaho," and tor the latter she was encored, as was also Miss E. Croughton for her rendering of "The volunteer organist." Miss L. Ross sweetly sang "The star of Bethlehem," while Misses L. and E. Ross were heard to advantage in the duet, " When the lights are low," for which they were recalled. The pianoforte duet," Sleigh bells," was well played by Misses A. Heath and B. Horridge. Selections on the gramaphone were given by Mr. Smallman. Mr. G. Rigbey made an efficient M.C.

CHURCH On ENTERTAINED—The Clergy, wardens, sidesmen and choirruen of Christ Church were on Monday evening entertained to slipper at the Church House, Padgate by Mrs. Mather, wife of Mr. G.Mather, the people's warden. The lower room of the building was most tastefully decorated with plants and flowers. The repast was of an excellent character. A novel toast list was gone through. As both proposers and responders were called on impromptu some amusing speeches were given. The list included the usual loyal toasts and in addition there were "The Bishop and clergy," " Agriculture," "Trade and commerce of the neighbourhood," " Music," " Law "and the " Host and Hostess." In proposing the health of Mr. and Mrs. Mather, the Vicar spoke of the enthusiasm which Mr. Mather threw into all his public duties as evidenced by his attendances on the Rural District Council, the Board of Guardians and as chairman of the Cottage Homes Committee. The toast was received with acclamation, and Mr. Mater briefly replied. After the speechmaking the company retired to the supper roorn,where the remainder of the evening was pleasantly spent in billiards, whist and conversation.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0196.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DRAMATIC PEERAGE.

Thick'as leaves in Vallombrosa is the expected crop of members of the theatrical profession who will give themselves in marriage to peers of the realm. Much to his regret—perhaps by an oversight—Mr. Seymour Hicks was unable to be present at the wedding of Lord Ashburton and Miss Frances Belmont in Paris and act the part of the beneficent person who " giveth this woman away." Mr. Hicks, however, has done the next thing by engaging the pretty sister of Miss Eva Carring- ton to take part in "The Beauty of Bath," which was to have been played by Lady de Clifford.—From the " Tatler," the current issue of which also contains "Stage and Society Snapshots," "In Town and out," " Before the curtain," " The letters of Peter Pan" b'y Cecilia Loftus," Among my books," "Behind the scenes of Government," an Idyll in the churchyard "by Barry Pain, the week's sports at the Varsities, "Lessons the New Zealanders have taught us," by J. E. Raphael and numerous other attractive features. The full-page pictures are, as usual, of the highest class.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0197.txt | included=true | included =====
SUFFER NO LONGER!

But Immediately Order

SEEKAMWS LOZENGES!

A Most Efficacious Remedy for Indigestion, Reartburq, &c.

These Lezenger are a palatable form of medicine, pleasing to the eye, aud pleasant to the taste. Price 1/1 and 29 per box. A small Sample Box will be forwarded abso- lutely Free to any address upon application to the sole proprietors— Messrs. RIST & RISTy UTTOXETER, STAFFORDSHIRE.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0198.txt | included=true | included =====
£5OO IN CASH PRIZES! FIRST PRIZE, £lOO • Ten Prizes of £lO each, Twenty Prizes of £5 each, Fifty Prizes of £2 each, And One Hundred Prizes of £1 each. ALL YOU HAVE TO DO to win one of these substantial Cash prizes is to solve this puzzle, and Bay what you think of EMPIRE TOILET SOAP. The Twelve Pieces here shown, when cut out and pasted together, will make a correct drawing of a Teblet of EMPICOS TOILET ,bOAP, which is, without dowt, the finest toilet soap ever offered to the public. Anyone may compete by purchasing a sixpenny Tablet, which may be obtained from the leading Grocers and Chemists. The Puzzle, with full particulars, will be found on the inside wrapper of every labtet, and only puzzles cut from the actual wrappers are eligible in Ws competition. Neatness of conetruction will be taken into consideration. Owing to the unprecentei demand and, in order to give every- one an opportunity of sending in their suggestions and solutions, we have decided to extend he date of closing the competition until Satutday, Marcie 31st, 1936, but all euggestions must be receivek by that date, he award, of the Directors must be eon- side final. If unable to obtain our Toilet Soaps in your district, send six stamps to-day for full-sized tablet to the Seer etary.

BRITISH EMPIRE SOAP CO., LTD., 36, to 40, Broad St. House, London, E.G.

4 ____

===== 0002601_19060303_art0199.txt | included=true | included =====
Sold everywhere in boxes, price 111 i (56 pills) 44 219 (108 pills).

===== 0002601_19060303_art0200.txt | included=true | included =====
,rk

r)..-INUM,CATHARTICUM PILLS. .1- FOR ANDICESTION & ITSEVIL•• -*‘6l, 51004EADAGNE • BILIOUS DERANGEMENT • be. AN. AGREEABLE 'APE RIEN T.

• '5 Tic PI LI-574- CUM FACE ACH E eNeURALC IA .

. REA-use sus3777ZJ7ES. e, 30-Diff ALL C6E041573 TPWOUGHOUT C6EAT SRI WI & TME CALM

===== 0002601_19060303_art0201.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19060303_art0202.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
The COIU Mbi

===== 0002601_19060303_art0203.txt | included=true | included =====
J. H. DOVENER & CO.'S, Ltd. leinveiornposoti u°sNEcDE SAO KS Best and Cheapest for POTATOES, CORN, &c.

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Regletered Pro. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used in the !loyal Lausdriee. Should be 11Sei 111 every house. Onro tr. ri, ,i-rarß wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW Lteet boon ever offered to the 'Laundress for Imparting ea Ivory Finish lo Starched Linen, Laces, do. It does not stick to spider-web- Ike materials. Sold everywhere In Packet* at Id., 3d., and 6d. each. PREP A RED AISLE BY

T. CRITepLRY. CheMlst. BLIMICHIJRN.

- -------- 7. tntror.,s •tre,t, London. ICC.

at (4 The frreal

===== 0002601_19060303_art0204.txt | included=true | included =====
MERRYWEATHER ON

WATER SUPPLY

FIRE PROTECTION

of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements.

WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS:

11ERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0205.txt | included=true | included =====
L E TTERPRESS PRINTING

PROGRAMMES FETES, CONCERTS TEA PARTIES SOIREES SERMONS BALLS MEETINGS &c., &c PROMPT DELIVERY, PRICES REASONABLE', AUCTIONEERS CATALOGUES. ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION.

TOR

REPORTS AND BALANCR-SHEETS,

PAMPHLETS, TEACH CATALOGUES,

===== 0002601_19060303_art0206.txt | included=true | included =====
AND GENERAL PRINTING

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any Size or pattern on blue, bate. or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLARS in the neAtest style. from madern type. and of the beet workmanship.

pROGRAMMES for Entertainment., Concerts &c., in the latest artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCA.TION WORKS.

SICK, RECEIPT, end SUBSCRIP:ION BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

fj ANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheap . and effective. 1.1

HYMN PAPERS for Scbools, Sermons, Services of Song. Festivals, dz.

CATALOGUE?: for Public -Ind Prerate Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0207.txt | included=true | included =====
pRICK LIM Printed on car,d or paper 111 U 8 trated, it required.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

DANCES BAZAARS. SPORTS. TEA PARTIES.

CONCERTS. MEETINGS. SERVICES. ANNOUNCEISEt7TS.

Attention is Invited to nue NEW FOUNTS OF TYPE and WOOD LETTER tor Large Posters. FOR ALL KINDS OF NEAT POSTERS EXTRA LARGE SIZE. 40 x 60 One Sbeet.

POSTERS OUR SPECIALITY.

PRINTING. OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

IN ALL ITS BItkNCHES, JOHN WALKER & CO.

'IXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON

TELEPHONE No. 355 Y.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0208.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Circles

===== 0002601_19060303_art0209.txt | included=true | included =====
I

. . . :` . Ilt,. ~ ',' .`,, *taw. i i 1 r 4, ' •-• ,',.:`• - . - mnimillllllMildi

===== 0002601_19060303_art0210.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

. .

===== 0002601_19060303_art0211.txt | included=true | included =====
<

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

Religious Instruction. Sir,—l have read my friend the Rev. J. F.Matthews' address to the Warrington Young Free Churchmens' Auxilliary with interest. It is not necessary to dwell on points of agreement, which are many. I single out the point of difference so that by friendly discussion, if we cannot see eye to eye, we may at least be better able to appreciate each others point of view. Mr. Matthews reasons strongly foram elimination of all religious and Biblical teaching from state-supported schools, contending that religion is a spiritual thing concerning the Churches only, and that the secularizing of our schools is the most logical and consistent course. Stress is laid upon the fact that this would remove from the school sphere "sectarian controversy and bitterness." To controversy, so far as it is conducted in the proper spirit, there can be no objection, we can only arrive at the truest and best through it, but as for bitterness, why should this arise? I have found men of all creed (especially of late) discussing this difficult question in a spirit unmarred by any bitterness. But coming to the main point it has always seemed to me desirable in considering this problem to ask ourselves the question. Why did the State take over education ? Because it considered that an ignorant people were a national weakness and a danger to material well-being True, but not this only, a greater danger to the State lay in the possibility of an immoral people, ignorant of the moral principles upon which the well-being of society is based. It is far more important to the State that the people should be honest than that they should know the names of the countries in Europe, It is the violation of moral laws which cause the chief expense and the chief danger in an uneducated people. For a State to undertake education and then to eliminate from its curriculm the training of the most important, the moral faculties, appears to do Away with the princi- pal object for which education was nationalized. This step would be far more illogical than the position of those who seek a common religious basis from which to teach morals. I agree with Mr. Matthews that thy State has nothing to do with spiritual matters, if be this he means matters which concern the spiritual life and world only. But the State is deeply concerned that the children who are to be its future citizens should be rooted in the principles upon which, more than anything else, the stability of a State rests. It is of vital import- ance that such should be honest, truthful, loving and virtuous.

The question then arises is their a middle course between that advocated by Mr. Matthews viz., limiting State education to secular subjects, and that of giving a religious education as a foundation for a moral character which the State desires and demands for its own safety? Can we for example effectively teach children that they must not steal because the policeman may catch them,and they will be punished by the State? Can we make children honest by teaching them that honesty is the best policy? Can an ethical standard be established which has any restraining or inspiring force which does not rest upon the foundation of a Divine Governor of the universe, a law giver whose laws can never be transgrassed with imnunity ? lam aware that ethical truths are deemed sufficient by some, but these lack the potency, and authority required for general humanity. Abstract truth, especially to a child has little force unless it is embodied and unless it is made personal. But I will have the question asked as it has been asked hundreds of times. How are you going to draw the line between religious truths which may be deemed essential and are practically common to Chris- tians, and the beliefs which are denominational? I answer that I am not concerned about drawing lines of demarkations. The sun gilds the Eastern sky, morning is born, it is day. Who can tell the moment dividing the light from the darkness and yet no one doubts it was dark,and now it is light. The colours melt into each other inithe rainbow, we cannot draw dividing lines between these, and yet we clearly discern what is yellow and what is blue. In the same way we can clearly see that it is important to the State that children should be upright and honest, and it is a matter outside the interests of the State whether they are brought up as Calvanists or Arminians ; but we cannot readily determine the place of certain truths which lie in the intermediate territory, and may be included or excluded from the interests of the State. All we can do is to drawn line as clearly as we can by words through the centre of this inter- mediate sphere and trust the teachers to confine them- selves to their own territory. The small minority of parents who would object to this would be protected as heretofore by the Conscience Clause. The solution which Mr. Matthews cordially accepts appears to me to be about the worst possible. He ' would have secular education supplemented if de- manded by parents by denominational teaching on certain mornings of the week, to be given. I presume, by ministers of different denominations. I hold that the trained teachers are best able to give religious and all other teaching. Such religious teaching should not be limited to specifically religious subjects, it should permeate everything. For example in teaching secular history how important it is that the rise and fall of nations should be traced to the domin- ating causes, the obedience and the disobedience to the laws of the Eternal. Personally I consider denomina- tional teaching should be confined to the home, the Church, Chapel, and Sunday school, and that it is out of place in State schools, and will have a tendency to undermine the authority of the teachers, and confuse the minds of the children ; but if any large number of parents demand it, it seems equitable that their wishes should be favourably considered. I trust however Nonconformists will take no part in it. CHARLES E. PARRER.

Penketh, February 28th, 1-80-6,. _ PERMANENT BENEFIT BUILDING SOCIETY. Annual Meeting. Mr. S. W. Dallow presided at the annual meeting o the Warrington Permanent Benefit Building Society which was held in Cairo-street schools on Tuesday evening. There was a good attendance which included Messrs. T. Critzhley, .T. Cooper, C. H. Hibbert, Thomas lace, Joseph Potter, W. J. Shaw, R. iiihackleton and F. Timperley (directors), Mr. Aquila Cook (treasurer), Mr. A. J. Willett (solicitor), Mr. Edwin Bradshaw (one or the auditors), and Mr. .1. Wilkinson (representing the secretary, Mr. A. H. Clive, who was unable to attend owing to indisposition).

===== 0002601_19060303_art0212.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE REPORT.

ME

A

In their thirty-ninth annual report, the Directors stated that the nett profit on the year's working amounted to £948 18s. 9d., out of which the directors proposed to pay a dividend of £4 per cent, and a bonus of Is. per share (free of income tax), which would amount to £877 9s. 7d., leaving a balance to be carried to undivided profit of £7l Os. 2d., and making a total undivided profit of .C 1,688 10s. 11d. Three of the properties in possession had been sold and a nett profit realised of £2Bl 12s. Bd., which amount had been carried

to property suspense account. The retiring directors were Messrs. S. %V. Dallow, %V. J. Shaw, and F. Timper- ley, who were eligible for re-election. The CHAIRMAN, having expressed regret at the illness of Mr. A. H. Clive, said the Directors were glad to be able to present a favourable balance sheet. They felt they could come before the members with confidence. They had made no rash promises, but they had done their best in the interests of everybody concerned. He moved the adoption of the balance,sheet. Mr. JOSEPTI TAYLOR seconded.

The CHAIRMAN observed that there was not a single member on notice of withdrawal. They had paid every- one off and had a clear book—a fact which spoke well for the past year's working of the society. A gentleman who said 'he spoke on behalf of Mr. Thomas Harrison, a member, who was bedfast, said Mr. Harrison had told him he had applied several times for his money but could not get it though he had received several instalments. The CHAIRMAN said the society had not a sin,de person on the list who was not paid oil. Evidently Mr. Harrison had not put the notice in proper form. If he was on notice he would be paid off immediately. The Board would go into the matter at their next mooting. Mr. W. J. SHAN/ said there had been several instances in years gone by where people had come to the office monthly or weekly and obtained instalments. The Society had paid over £2,000 in with- drawals, the amount in some cases being as much as £lOO, and it was not likely they would refuse a small sum like £4 145., which was the amount in the case called attention to. TOO CHAIRMAN said that if Mr. Harrison would give notice ha could give him his word that he would be paid soon after the next Board meeting. Mr. F. SHAW asked if the Board would take the meet- ing into their confidence regarding the £2Bl which had been put to property suspense account, and give them some idea as to what they were going to do with it. He thoaght the shareholders might be taken into the consideration of the Board and that if there was any ' profit made it should be divided amongst the members The CHAIRMAN said the Board discussed that point for an hour and a half and came to the conclusion that it was the wisest course to put the money to a Property' Suspense Account, in case there were properties which ' would not make the amounts put against them and they would want something to meet that. Had the money been divided it would only have meant about Is. or , Is. 6d. for each shareholder. The accounts were then nnanimously approved. ELECTIONS. On the motion of Mr. JOSEPH TAYLOR seconded by Mr. A. COOK the retiring directors (Messrs. S. W. I Dallow, F. Timperley and W. J. Shaw) were re-elected, I so that the Board is constituted as follows :—Messrs. T. Critchley, .1. Cooper, C. H. Hibbert, T. Ince, J. Potter, W.J. Shaw, R. Shackleton and F. Timperley. The following were also re-elected :—Treasurer, Mr. Aquila Cook ; surveyor, Mr. William Twiss ; auditors,l Messrs, Edwin Bradshaw and W. H. Woodcock. On the motion of Mr. F. J.LoNGSRANV, seconded by Mr. TAYLOR, the directors and officials were accorded a hearty vote of thanks for their services during the year. At a subsequent meeting of the directors Mr. W. ! J. Shaw was elected president and Mr. Critcbley vice-. president.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0213.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060303_art0214.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060303_art0215.txt | included=true | included =====
HYMN STER AND POLITICIAN

AMUSING SATIRE OF MR. R. A NAYLOR.

Mr. Spencer Leigh Hughes, ("Sub Rosa ") has been having another tilt at Mr. R. A. Naylor in the columns of the" Morning Leader." He says : " I have been reading in the e Manchester Guardian ' a report of a meeting at Bangor, at which Mr. R. A. Naylor, the unsuccessful candidate for the Carnarvon Boroughs, made a speech about his recent experiences. The chairman, Mr. H. C. Vincent, reminded the audience that Mr. Naylor had been opposed to Mr. Lloyd George, one of the most brilliant debaters in the House of Commons, who had around him the glamor of his newly-won and richly deserved honors. This friendly recognition of the ability of an opponent does not seem to have pleased Mr. Naylor, for be remarked : _

_ The chairman has called my opponent one of the most brilliant debaters in the House of Commons. Well, the chairman may think that, but the House of Commons would differ from him. Of course, I have no right to say what opinion the House of Commons entertains on this point—nor has Mr. Naylor—but we will say that, in Mr. Navlor's absence, Mr. Lloyd-George has managed to attract some attention on the floor.

It seems to me that Mr. Naylor makee a tactical mis- take in belittling his opponent's gifts, for there is less discredit in being beaten by an able man than by one who is not able. However, that is Mr. Naylor's business, and he is entitled to his own opinion. His speech is marked by subtlety of thought in some places, by confusion of thought in others—and now and then by an absence of thought. There is subtlety in this : The Opposition tells me that I have lost. I ask them how I could have lost. If you never had a thing you could not lose it. From this I am tempted to suppose that Mr. Naylor is a pure Balfourian.

A little later, however, confusion of thought appears, for Mr. Naylor remarked, in regard to the Liberals in the Carnarron Boroughs—" they have certainly gained a seat." But they have had the seat before, and if you cannot lose that which you never had, you cannot gain that which you previously possessed. In the constituency in question, they have maintained the status quo ante. It is a case of" as you were," and a case of as they are likely to be for a long time. If Mr. Nayl')r is satisfied with the reflection that he did not lose, no one else is likely to grumble.

The part of the speech which interests me far more than any other is that in which Mr. Naylor says: Well, we have had a lot of hymn-singing, and if I must tell you the truth, I think you sing rather too much. This may or may not ben fair comment—l express no opinion—but I am amazed to find Mr. Naylor rnaking such a remark. He is one of the most prolific hymn- writers of the day, and I remember that when I first saw his volume—perhaps I ought to say one of his volumes—of devotional verse, it struck me that scrme of the hymns might have a sad, not to say a grim, significance after the election. The event has shown that my opinion was not ill-founded.

Here, for example, is a verse which no doubt expresses absolutely the feelings of a candidate who, after making many speeches to attentive audiences, is, after all, rejected : For just to simply listen, Without more special heed, Seen afterwards in actions, Is foolishness indeed.

lam sure that Mr. Naylor was firmly convinced of the truth of that remark when he first made it, but to-day he probably is even more decidedly of opinion that the conduct indicated is foolishness indeed. When I first reviewed these tender and improving hymns or spiritual songs, I hinted that perhaps the follo-ving lines might be chanted appropriately after the declaration of the poll: How sad the closing of the day When we have nothing done. And here again my apprehensive, and even gloomy, prognostications have been fulfilled.

In this Bangor speech I find allusions to " false practices " on the part of some of the electors or workers in the Carnarvon Boroughs. if he entertains such views, he may possibly derive consolation from this telling stanza, the product of his own pen: Beware of adulation, And do not stand among The double-hearted people, Who flatter with the tongue; Yield not then to these charmers, For better blame severe And friendly admonition, Than a deceitful cheer. That last line is likely to recur to his memory when he thinks of the loud cheers during which he so often resumed his seat, and the discouraging result of the election. There may be a hidden meaning in this verse—a verse originally written with reference to children: Then as they grow to man's estate, They bless you while you stay, But they arise and bless you more When you have gone away. I can imagine a wealthy and defeated candidate being haunted by a horrible suspicion that these words cor- rectly describe the attitude of agents and workers in the constituency which has rejected him.

There is another hymn in this choice collection which happily indicates the difference between the joyous confidence with which a political champion prances into the fray, and his chastened demeanour when, though he may argue that he has not lost, he has to acknowledge that he has not gained. The hymn begins in this way: With joy we look and see the verdant grass, The lovely flowers so gay, but Ah! alas! Their beauty fades, and they cease to adorn, To-day cut down, and withered in the morn. It is even so in regard to the candidate who night after night repeats the comforting message," Work will win," who has countless votes of confidence carried unanimously in his favor, whose ears are continually assailed by a choral assurance that he is a jolly good fellow—and who then finds that, so far as the House of Commons is con- cerned, he is not in it. I can imagine such a man repeating those words, "Ah ! alas ! " with deep emotion.

-- Towards the end of his speech Mr. Naylor informed his Bangor audience : If you want me to come here again, and you send me the invitation, it will be received with the

greatest consideration. This frank intimation, of the nature of a broad hint, does not appear to have evoked any response one way or the other. During the period of doubt while await- ing the suggested invitation, Mr. Naylor will do well to remember these cheery words taken from another of his hymns : Strive on and struggle still, Do not too sadly grieve. Here we have the " Nil desperandum " or " Never say die," tone which should distinguish all the utterances of the fighting politician. And, after all, Mr. Naylor should remember that others beside himself fell in the fray. He must have foreseen the defeat of Mr. Balfour and of many another ex-Cabinet Minister, when he wrote :

Perfection seems so far away, And distant from the best of men, That panting hearts will often say, Why slaonld we poor ones try so when The foremost champions so fail —"When they the heights attempt to scale? The question comes most reasonably from a man in his position. Mr. Naylor is probably not the only man whose panting heart has been asking of late why the poor ones, the rank and file, should make such efforts when the foremost champions were so conspicu- ously unsuccessful. But I cannot understand why he should complain that the Welsh sing too many hymns, unless those abandoned Carnarvon people not only voted against him, but also chose the hymns of other authors. S. L. IL

===== 0002601_19060303_art0216.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAWEED IN KIDNEY DISEASES.

Dr. JAMES WALKER, Kidney and Urinary Special- ist, New York, says :—" I never treat a case where the kidneys, urinary organs or stomachare involved without seaweed. I regard it as indispensable." The species of seaweed used by Dr, Walker is the same as that contained in VEND'S SEAWEED TONIC. VEso's SEAWEED TONIC is used by many prominent doctors in all forms of kidney and urinary diseases because of its great strengthening healing and purifying effect. It cures Nephritis of the kidneys, Bright's diseaso, uric acid troubles, weakness, dropsy and back- ache ; especially successful in constipation. Pleasant to take. Cures permanently. No return. Ask for VEND'S SEAWEED TONIC, at Chemists every- I where, Is. lie., and 25. 9d.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0217.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTIVE AUDITORS ELECTION.

Close Fight for Second Place.

The election of two elective auditors for the Borough took place on Thursday but so quiet were the proceed- ings that Warringtonians were hardly aware that an election was in progress. This apparent lack of interest was due no doubt to the almost complete absence of mural literature, the only notification in this direction of the presence of candidates:in the field being a number of postcards sent out in support of Mr. L. Bolton and Mr. E. Bradshaw, the retiring auditors. This arose from the decision of the Lord Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Channel! who held that section 5 of the Municipal Elections Corrupt and Illegal Practices Act of 18sa meant that,while intending electors could spend money during their contest, aldermen and elective auditors could not without rendering themselves liable to a fine of £lOO and five years disfranchisement. In former years handbills &c., have been pretty freely dis- tributed and as, this year, addresses were issued only on behalf of the retiring auditors many of the electors were not aware of the presence of a third candidate in the person of Mr. Ebenezer England. The new comer however, was backed by a number of willing workers from the ranks of the Liberal and Labour Parties while the other two gentlemen also received sectional support Mr. Bolton's claims being strongly advocated by mem- bers of the Non-Trading Association. Polling took place at the Gymnasium on Thursday and throughout the day was very slow only 10 per cent. of the burgesses recording their votes. The poll closed at eight o'clock when the ballot boxes were conveyed to the Town Hall, where the votes were counted, and originally resulted as follows :—Bolton 479, England 321, Bradshaw 319. Two papers not being accounted for, the Mayor,in view of the narrow majority in favour of Mr. England at once ordered a recount which resulted in two more votes being added for Mr. Bolton the figures being : Bolton 4Bl England Bradshaw

Mr. BRADSHAW and Mr. ENGLAND both called for a further re-count, but the figures remained unaltered, the first two named being elected. Nine votes were spoiled by the electors recording their crosses for two candidates, whereas they were only entitled to vote for one.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0218.txt | included=true | included =====
SOME SPEECH-MAKING.

Mr. LAWRENCE BOLTON moved a vote of thanks to the Mayor for his services as retarning officer and to the officers.

Mr. EBENEZER ExGL A.ND seconded. He sympathised, he said, with his friend Mr. Bradshaw, in his defeat, as he felt he was a most able man for the elective auditor- ship. The Mayor's duties had not been very arduous, but he had carried them out in a =tuner which showed that whateverlhe undertook!he endeavoured to carryout to the best of his ability. He desired to thank his per- sonal friends as well as his political friends—Liberal and Labour—for their work on his behalf. Although nOne of the candidates were officially nominated by any party they were all supported by sections, and he thought it only right that those sections should be thanked.

Mr. BRA.DsHAw supported the motion. He hoped he was not so ungenerous as to begrudge the other two gentlemen their victories. Personally he gave thorn his heartiest congratulations. He had always endeav- oured to serve the town to the best of his ability, and perhaps some day, if not as elective auditor, he would again appear before the electors. (Hoar, hear). The vote was heartily accorded, and a brief reply by the MAvou terminated the proceedings. Outside the Town Hall very few persons had assembled to hear the result and no official announcement being made those waiting were acquainted with the figures by the Rev. H. Dumuco. MAYOR'S AUBITOR. On Thursday Alderman James Fairclough was appointed Mayor's auditor, a position which he has held for a number of years, but this morning he resigned the office.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0219.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL The Proposed New Street.

LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD AND THE CORPORATION.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Town Council will be held on Tuesday when the following amongst other items will be considered :

SUNDAY TRADING. At a meeting of the Watch Committee a further letter from the Tradesmen's Association with reference to Sunday trading was read, and the Chief Constable sub- mitted a report thereon. ft was resolved that the report be printed,and copies be sent to the Tradesmen's Association with an intimation that if after perusing the report they still desire an interview, the Committee will be pleased to grant it.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0220.txt | included=true | included =====
PAYINIENT- OF EDUCATION GRANTS.

The Town Clerk reported at a meeting of the Finance and Estate Committee that the Board of Education pro- posed to pay the annual grant in respect af each school in one sum at the end of each school year, in substitu- tion for the present arrangement. It was resolved that the Town Clerk be instructed to communicate with the Treasurer of the Board of Education urging upon him the necessity of paying the annual grant by Instalments, as the proposed new system would seriously increase the burden of local elementary education.

THE PROPOSED NEW STREET. LOCAL GOVERNMENT HOARD AND THE CORPORATION'S •"-v 'll7 APPLICATION. At a meeting of the Finance and Estate Committee a letter from Mr. Noel T. Kershaw, on behalf of the i Local Government Board, was read n reference to the application of the Corporation to borrow the sum of £7,483 to defray expenditure in connection with the widening of streets as authorised by the Warrington Corporation Act,tlB99. The letter stated : "The Board are advised that the Act of 1899 cannot be regarded as authorising the construction of the new street at the back of Bridge-street, and that, moreover, the work appears to be outside the powers of the Town Council under the Public Health Act, 1875. The Board are thereforelnot prepared tdsanction the borrowing of the Sum of £654, the purchase money of the additional strip of land acquired from Mr. Garnett, and £127 for work done by the Highway Department in connec- tion with such new street. The Board, further, do not consider the item of £37 55., the costs incurred in negotiations (afterwards abandoned) for the acquisition of Trinity Church, to be properly chargeable to a loan account. The Board's formal sanctions to the borrowing of the sums of £4,876 and .£1,779 are forwarded to you here- with. _ _

The Town Clerk drew attention to the Board's remarks in reference to the land acquired from Mr. • Garnett, and pointed out that several of the properties acquired from Mr, Garnett had been scheduled under the Act of 1899, and therefore a proportion of the above-named amount, in his opinion, ought to be in- cluded in the Bridge-street Improvement. It was resolved that the Town Clerk take the matter up with the 1,,0cal Government Board.

OVERSEERS.

The Finance and Estate Committee at their meeting resolved that Messrs. James Fairclough, Arthur Bennett, John Wilkinson, and James Grica Craik be appointed overseers for the ensuing year.

• STREET PAVING. The Town Clerk read the following resulution which he had received from the Edacation Committee at a meeting of the Paving and Sewerage Committee : " That the Paving and Sewerage Committee be recom- mended to pave the streets surrounding the Beamont' council school with wooden setts," and after consider- ation it was resolved that this committee only deem it advisible that O'Leary-street, being the street along the front of the school, be paved with wooden setts, GA RDEN ALLOTMENTS.

At a meeting of the Gas Committee it was resolved that the engineer be instructed to let the waste land round the Longford gas works for the purpose of garden allotments.

THE "WATER LILY."

The Water Committee recommend that prices be obtained by advertisement for the dismantling of the " Water Lily" engine at Winwick pumping station, and after dismantling that all firms sending in tenders for the work be requested to give an estimate for repair- ing in accordance with specification to be prepared by the water engineer._

ILECTRWITY AND TRAMWAYS. At a meeting of the Electricity and Tramways Com- mittee the Town Clerk reported that according to the instructions of the committee he had agreed with the London and North-Western Railway Company for the maintenance and periodical renewal of the Wilderspool level crossing for the sum of £5O. It was resolved that the action of the Town Clerk be approved.

-- -- The Engineer reported that he had received the sanc- tion of the Board of Trade to the scheme for supplying electricity at high pressure to Messrs. Naylor's Lay-bye. It was resolved that he be authorised to advertise for the necessary cables, and to invite tenders for the erec- tion of a sub-station in Greenall's Avenue.

EDUCATION. The General Purposes Committee at their meeting resolved that the following members be appointed a snb-committee to consider and report upon the advis- ability of amending the Education scheme :—Aldermen Bennett, Smethurst and Tinnion. Councillors Evans, Fulton-Smith and Pemberton. _ . _

It was also resolved that the Friendly Societies be requested to send delegates (in the proportion of one delegate to every 250 members) to a meeting at the Town Hall in order that they may select their repre- sentative on the Education Committee for recommend- ation to the Council.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0221.txt | included=true | included =====
• • - •

. .

Following the lines of last year's work, the Warring- ton Musical Society wound up its season's activities on Tuesday evening with the performance of a miscellaneous r programme which proved every bit as enjoyable as its last year's counterpart. Would that the success of the concert with the public were equal to its merits,—a beggarly array of empty seats testifying to that lamentable apathy which has unfortunately attended all such enterprises in recent years. Excepting the violin soloist and some usual extensions of the orchestra the performance of the whole of the programme must be credited to the society's members—a fact of which they / may reasonably feel very proud, remembering the high standard of much that has been done at these concerts during the past decade—for right worthily was the society's reputation sustained. The chief choral item was Stanford's "The Revenge" heard now for the second time after a long interval. Whether the repetition marks any advance one need not enquire. Suffice it that this graphically picturesque work received, on the present occasion, a most intelli- / gent and fitting interpretation. As a musical composi- tion it bristles with difficulties and abounds in pitfalls, and never have members one and all so signally triumphed over them. At certain points the odds were I greatly in favour of an expected stumbling. That the 'expected did not happen is therefore in itself no small praise. But there were more positive and tangible merits than this in Tuesday evening's singing. In the varied moods of Tennyson's verse and in the kaleidoscopic changes of Stanford's musical treatment there is a fine field for the display of taste and expression, and here the more solidly praiseworthy features of the society's choral singing are to be found. The depicting of the sea-fight and the "battle-thunder," the dirge-like pass- ages following upon scenes of warfare and bloodshed, the devotional unaccompanied chorale, the stately " subject" in minuet tempo, the concluding pictures of heroic death, disaster and shipwreck: all these found strenuous work for the various sections of the voices worthy of the doing; the due performance of which carried with it is own reward in the building up of an impressive tone-picture. The declamation of much of the story, falling as it does, somewhat disproportionately, to the lot of the tenors, was remarkably good. An admirable promptness in the picking up of disjointed and often very nnvocal passages and an all-round excellence in "the attack" were also pleasingly conspicuous. The rendering of some part. songs confirmed in a general way this appreciation of the efficiency of the chorus, though they called for more subtle qualities in expression. In "The sea hath its pearls" I a truer sotto voce on the part of)ill concerned,and a better ' quality of tone in the tenors in prominent places near the close, were things to be desired, while similarly in the singing of the four-part "Love Song "(Bralem,s), in- creased piquancy and daintiness were well worth striving for. And why, having the support of the pianoforte accompaniment in "Orpheus with his lute " (German), should the ladies, who have this beautiful thing all to themselves, show a tendency, as they did more than , half-way through, to get out of tune ? But, after all, I those blemishes were negligible in the sense of seriously interfering with one's enjoyment of the pieces in which a critical ear might locate them, and much remains that redounds greatly to the credit of the Musical Society's members.

6.30,

Three ladies of the society's chorus greatly dis- tinguished themselves as solo vocalists. Miss Nellie Anderton is to be warmly congratulated upon a soulful interpretation of Brehm's " Rhapsodie" and upon scoring a sucess which is as gratifying as it is full of encouraging promise for her future. The rich orchestral parts were splendidly played, but in the male-voice chorus a more subdued volui.ne of tone would, we venture to think, have materially assisted the soloist and at the same time greatly enhanced the charming ensemble of this entrancing composition. Mrs. Arthur Booth never sang better than she did on this occasion. Certainly we do not remember to have heard her deal with an operatic excerpt in so artistic a way as she dealt with "Softly sighs " on Tuesday evening. Nor was a discriminating audience slow in noting the improvement,and in shewing its appreciation of the excel- lence of the performance. Responding to a recall Mrs Booth sang a sweet marceau called "Summer and Winter " from the pen of Mr. W. H. Payton, MO9. Bac. the society's capable and well-known organist and accompanist. Of Miss Marie Houghton's incursion into the region of operatic bravura," Qui la voce," it may be said that the discovery of such precocity is as startling as it is agreeable,aud serves to show how little one suspects the existence of talent hidden, as it were, near one's own doorstep. While admiring and fully ap- preciating the undoubted merit of Miss Houghton's vocalisation of Bellini's exacting roulades—a success emphasised by a rousing encore—a word of caution may be pardoned as to the propriety, in the young lady's interests, of safeguarding her future by directing her public singing into less ambitious channels during a period &Toted to close study and training. That such a word is necessary is seen in the tendency to a certain slip-shod manner of singing several cadences and in the imperfect "phrasing " of some other passages. The orchestral pieces and the solo work of Mr. Louis Wolff bulked largely in the programme. The line overture to "Richard III" ((;erman), and the "Casse Noisette" suite, given last year and now repeated by request, were on the whole exceedingly well played; only in that crucial test of the executant ability of the , violins—the first movement of the suite—was thereany- thing to note in the way of serious shortcomings. The G minor Max Bruch Concerto received a splendid interpretation by both principal . and orchostra—the treatment of the slow movement, with its most delicate pianissimos, being really superb. In Wieniawski's "Faust" Fastasia, Me. Wolff was most capably assisted at the pianoforte by Miss Pearse. But though a remark- able exhibition of finished technique, the piece was unconscionably prolonged, and it consequently deferred the conclusion of the concert to a late hour. Arr. F. El. Crossley discharged the very arduous task of conducting with over-conspicuous tact and skill.

The Examiner, Saturday, March 3 1906.I 1 WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. ..... instances, secure further application of our powers in this direction is But, alas ! these are only isolated i -- our purpose. And glance again at those societies which in other ways provide their individual members with Concert in Parr Hall. , capital at reasonable rates and easy repayments, for the Preachers for Sunday. purpose of purchasing their own cottage, and thus pro- viding shelter for a rainy or wintry day. This is an Wycliffe Church, 10.30 and 6.30, Rev. John Yonge. excellent work, but while many are to be instanced as Bold-street Wesleyan Church, 10.30, Mr. R. J. Moss ; doing something towards their duty under this head, 30, Rev. S. Pitt. there are those who fail. We seem to fall very much Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church, 10.30, Rev. S. Pitt ; short of what the founders would have desired or done 6.30, Rev. J. Manning. themselves with our opportunities. Baptist Church, Latchford, 10.30, Rev. J. F. Matthews When shall we learn to speak well of, and place full ("Old Testament studies: Joseph the Dreamee ") ; trust in. our own products, either through the agency of 6.0, Rev. J. F. Matthews ("Murder will out.") the C.W.S. or the copartners ? We are doing a retail Baptist Church, Golborne-street, 10.30 and 6.30, Rev. trade of £92,000,000 in our distributive departments, Robert Black, Wigan. Wednesday 8.15, Rev. H. Dunnico. but our productive concerns have only reached a total ghurch Society.—Addresses to Men. turn over of about £8,270,000. In this pioneerlike ? We must stir ourselves to greater activity in respect of The Church Society has arranged for an exceptionally production, or shall it be written of the early days of interesting series of addresses to men to be delivered at the twentieth century that we failed to do our duty ? the Parish Church every Friday evening during Lent by Nay, much rather must it be said that we rose to the well-known preachers. Theßight Rev. Bishop Thornton, fullest height of our responsibilities. of Blackburn, will give the first address this (Friday) i This brings me finally to the "estates question." So evening. His subject will be" Some Social delusions.' little has been done that it seems to bear closely upon Forthcoming Lectures. the farm colony scheme of to-day. Who is putting forward this? Co-operators? No. Are we going to A course of three lectures will be delivered in the brace ourselves into condition and do our duty ? It is Cairo-street schools during March by the Rev. Charles time we did. The value of our Co-operative Union is Hargrove, M.A., of Leeds. The subject will be " The again demonstrated in a very practical way. Let us New Testament" and will be treated as follows : determine to assist in travelling the route which it March Bth," The New Testament : How it came to be points to us in ours to travel. I believe great pos- a book " i March 15th, "The first three gospels and sibilities rest in this estates or cultivated land question their origin " ; March 22nd, "The fourth gospel : Its and we must press forward to further the claims and authorship and historic value." absolute needs of our own class. , Bold-street Wesleyan Church. , A lengthy discussion followed after which Mr. Dudley The preacher at this church on Sunday morning was was heartily thanked for his address. the Rev. William Mellor who took for his subject I A vote of thanks to Mr. Critchley for presiding con- "The marks of the Lord Jesus." At the evening service ' ' eluded the meeting. ____________ the Rev. J. Manning preached on "Late Repentance." He said that genuine repentance was never too late but late repentance was difficult because of the changes RELIGIOUS EDUCATION. which wrong doing worked in human nature deadening the finer senses and destroying spiritual susceptibilities. ANOTHER ROMAN CATHOLIC Late repentance meant in any case a life lost. MEETING. Wycliffe Congregational Church The Rev. John Yonge preached to large congregations _-- at this Church on Sunday. In the morning his subject Churchmen' and the Question. was " The great essential," and he took for his text the words: "And though I bestow all my goods to feed In view of the probable early introduction of an Educa- the poor and though I give my body to be burned and tion Rill by Mr. Bierell, the question of religious have not charity, it prollteth me nothing." At the i I instruction n the daY schools is rapidly becoming one of evening service bespoke on c God and the individual," I the greatlquestions of the hour.On Sunclay a meeting of the words of the text being "And He calleth His own I the parishioners of the Sacred Heart (R.C.) Church was sheep by name and leadeth them out." I held in the Young Men's Club Room, at which the fol- Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. : lowing resolution was approved :—" That we, the I parishioners of the Church of the Sacred Heart, War- There was a good attendance of members at the meet- -1 rington, assembled in public - meeting, call upon the ing of the above Society held on Sunday—the last ' Government to give justice to Catholic schools, built Sunday of the thirteenth year of the Society's exist- I ,at great sacrifices by Catholic money, viz. :—That our ence. Mr. G. Colley presided, and spoke briefly upon the effect which conversion to Christ had upon life. II Catholic schools be under Catholic management, and The Rev. John McMillan, of Newton, was the speaker, Catholic teachers, with religious instruction given dur- and gave an interesting address. using his hat for pur- -1 lug school hours." A copy of the resolution is to be , I sent to the Prime Minister, the Minister of Education poses of homely illustration. Miss Eaton from Shrop« ' shire, was the soloist, and sang sweetly" Eternal Rest" and " 0 Divine Reedeemer " receiving well-merited and Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., member for Warrington. THE REV. B. PERCIVAL'S VIEWS. applause.—Mr. W. H. Payton presided at the organ. RESOLUTION IN FAVOUR OF RELIGIOUS Mr. A. Downes and the Secretary also took part in the. INSTRUCTION. meeting. The thirteenth anniversary of the Society Speaking at the annual congregational gathering in will be celebrated on Sunday when an open meeting connection with St. Peter's Church, the Rev. B. will be held. An address will be delivered by the Rev. Percival referred to the question. He wished them to John Yonge and selections will be given by Messrs. understand, he said, they were now face to face with a Crosfield's Prize Band. very grave crisis •, probably ordinary people did not Baptist Church, Colborne Street. quite realize it. The Government who had a very huge and almost unprecedented majority, wore, he believed, The Rev. H. Dunnico occupied the pulpit on Sunday last both morning and evening. There was a large con- instruction in the day schools because they had very greatly troubled about the question of religious gregation at the morning service when Mr. Dunnico so many different classes of people to satisfy, and it must based his remarks on the text "Pray without ceasing" T be a very lard thing for them. He believed that Mr. The act of prayer said the preacher was the supreme Birrell, the President of the Board of Education, was movement of the soul ; it was also the saving art of life a very kindly and well-disposed man and he firmly and a life of prayer meant strength of soul and peace of 1 believedlhe was quite willing to do justice and right to mind. In the preached upon the" Harvest evening. the church was crowded in all all parties, but they,as Churchmen, whatever their views parts, when Mr. Hamm:. might be on other questions, must press forward the is past, the summer is ended and we are not saved." question of religious education. (Applause.) Mr. Choir Social. Birrell had complained of the apathy of parents. So 'The annual social in connection with St. Ann's Church far. Churchmen had had no need to do anything, because choir was held in the schoolroom, Dannett-street, on the State had allowed them to teach their religion Monday evening, and was largely attended. The Rev. in their various schools. Therefore they had J. Davies (vicar) presided. An admirable programme not made any bother, but if the Government were to was submitted, items being contributed by the Misses rob them of the privilege of teaching their religion in E. Lowe, A. Hardman, D. Jones, F. Jones, and Baker, their day schools, they might depend upon it that there y lor, Eger- and Messrs. Savage, Podmore, Gorton, F. Taylor, would be no apathy on the part of parents, and the time ton, S. Houghton, and W. Houghton, the choir and was near at hand when the parents of Church of England Handley's Concertina Band. Refreshments were served children would give the Government to understand that o ring an interval. they were not apathetic. Not in any sense did they wish to dictate to the Government, but simply to request Bewsey Road Wesleyan Church. , that they should be privileged to teach their religion. At the above church on Bunday morning the Rev. I (Hear, hear, and applause.) What they contended in , John Gunnell preached from the words :----" As for me, regard to the question was this—that religion should be i I will behold thy face in righteousness : I shall be taught in their day schools, that it should be taught I satisfied, when I awake, with Thy likeness." The Rev. during school hours—it could not be taught outside I Sidney Pitt, Superintendent of the circuit, occupied school hours properly—and that it should be the rostrum at the evening service, his sermon being taught by teachers who believed what they i based on the text " And as they thus spake, Jesus him- taught, and that the parents should have the ;self stood in the midst of them and saith unto them right to say what religion should be taught. (Hear, ' Peace be unto you." There was a large congregation hear.) If that request was not reasonable and the choir very creditably sang an anthem selected enough he did not know what was. It did not matter from the service of song " A child of Jesus" which will whether the parents were Roman Catholics, Congrega- be given on Sunday afternoon. Mr. B. Wadsworth Baptists, or Churchmen—the presided at the organ. parents were 1 reWtehselepYeaonpste who must have the right to say Sunday School Tea Parties. what their children should be taught. They must not a meeting and prize distribution con-' The annual te . „, p in nection with Sunday school took place have what was called undenommationaliem, which Silver-street , last Thursday evening and proved a very successful meant a religion with no dogma, no creed, no colour. If i and enjoyable gathering. The Rev. S. Pitt presided and all Churchmen would be united—never minding their short addresses were delivered by Mr. J. W. Hayward, politics, and putting religion first—he was convinced I that the Government would give them what they were 1 asking for ; but they wanted them to voice their feel- I J.P. and Mr- Reginald Corbett (superintendent of the Sunday School). An interesting report on the year's ings and beliefs and thoughts. (Applause.) Prior to I I 1870 the Government did nothing with regard to educa- work was presented by Mr. E. J. Mitchell and showed tion. Everything was practically done by the Church. I the school to be in a very flourishing state. Mrs. Pitt distributed 110 prizes to the children and about 50 to Were they going to be robbed of their right to teach I their religion, simply because someone cried out eWe the members of the Women's Sunday Afternoon Bible are not going to have this religion taught"? However, I Class. An enjoyable programme of songs and recitations he believed the Government would do them justice if was submitted by the scholars.—On Friday evening the they made their voices felt. (Applause). senior scholars were entertained, over 100 sitting down Alderman JOFIN ROBERTS moved the following rase, to tea. Games,Scc. were indulged in and a very pleasant evening was spent. The junior scholars to the number lution :—" We approve of the principle that children I should be brought up in the faith of their parents, and lof about three hundred had their party on Saturday that the religious teaching should be given in school evening. hours by teachers wholbelieve what they teach and are I Latchford Baptist Church. qualified to teach it. (Applause.) Hassid they stood ; Preaching on Sunday morning last from the story of that day in great danger with regard to religions educe- "Esau and Jacob" at the Latchford Baptist Church tion, and he hoped, therefore, that the resolution he bad the Rev. J. F. Matthews said : "It was a piece of submitted would be unanimously carried. When they ' ape ial pleading to see in Esau the " Hunter God," and Jacob the" Moon God." Whatever unhistorical elements there were in the story, the main personages came to consider the number of schools that hailebaenenci hr, c built and supported by their own Church _p m " I were human. Their lineaments wore deftly d The it looked to him to be hard lines on the parents. t roar, , point of to the Hebrews tallied The f drawn. e thought of their children being taught manypoetaher'wim view of the compiler of Genesis and the writer ' strong sturdy creature in whom the animal predominated former regarded Esau as a over the intellectual and moral, and who gave heartleandofapthpolatupseer. poop )i s hL, bute t tthoe the e appeal,peope notth throughout oounglhyo to thet h e country. (Hear, hear). ' rece deuce o drrethspaeacitlidvieenocfe party t ''' p t the physical appetite; while the people . latter regarded him as flippant—profane as the English 7a.csoncdhendr,ehamndensaii be lNifilrr.raP a. nEdDsGt rAoRn or anything else. It was all very well for certain to say that there had been no controversy with regard 1 version has it—i.e. one incapable of weighing the to the matter. There had been no occasion, except serious ideas, and undervaluing the legal and moral during the past two or three years. He wa4 surprised i obligations which his position as Isaac's heir entailed. that men who professed religion should dare to stand On the other hand Jacob, who with his cunning, and on a public platform and suggest that religious teaching double dealing yet showed his moral capacity, was should be taken out of their schools. What would the virtually arid inherently Isaac's true successor. Therein state of the country be if they blotted out religion from lies the marked difference of the two characters. them? Were they, as managers, going to allow the Therein too lies the value of the Biblical record. To trust reposed in thorn, to be violated ? He said "No " Esau there never came a vision and a struggle. To emphatically " No," and he trusted that all present were Jacob the vision was a permanent element in his out- with him in that respect. (Applause.) look, and the struggle on the banks of the Jabbok in Mr. T. S. STEEL said it must be remembered that the the midnight hour, was a spiritual contest in pioneers of education in this country were Churchmen ' which the concentrated trickiness and wickedness The country did nothing for education until the Church of the past stood nakedly revealed. To subdue it and came along and said "We will build schools and educate vanquish it left its unchangeable mark, even upon his the children," and now a certain class of people, who body—as many spiritual struggles do. He ceased to be had done nothing for education themselves—he a type of the crafty and over-reaching man of the world, spoke of the " Passive resisters" they had and became a prince among men. He prevailed with I heard so much about—come along and caused all God, because he prevailed over the worst, and for the this hubbub. He contended that the parents had a best in himself.—ln the evening Mr. Matthews spoke right to say what religious education should be given from the text, "The world is gone after Him," to a their children, and were they going to forfeit that right good congregation. The preacher's point was that 1 so far as their own children were concerned? He said crowds are always a puzzle, but he held still to the I "No." and he was sure that Church people would say belief that the common people of to-day everywhere "No "also. (Applause). If the Government took over : were consciously drifting in the direction e f Christ. the schools and they did as they pleased with regard to •St. Peter's Congregational Gathering. I education, unless the children attended Sunday school,l they would have no religious education whatever. The annual congregational gathering in connection (Hear, hear). Further, they (the managers) would have John- no control as to the selection of the teacher. They all with St. Peter's Church was held in the schools, street. on Monday evening. An excellent tea, to which knew what effeCt a teacher had upon the mind of the a large number sat down, was served, after which an e schools. What effect would a teacher have upon the enjoyable concert was held. The Vicar (the Rev. B. minds of children if he lied no religion himself? Percival) presided, and supporting him on the platform re Roman Catholics were asking for something speciel,and we tho Rev. D. R. James (curate), Alderman Roberts why should not Churchmen do so ?—they who were the (vicar's warden), Messsrs. Joseph Taylor, T. S. Steel representatives of the pioneers of education. (Ap- and John Taylor (sidesmen), and Mr. Peter Edgar. plause). I The programme was opened by Mrs. Booth, whose The resolution was carried unanimously, singing of "The Death of Nelson " was well received, CHURCH PEOPLE'S "DECLARATION OF' as was also the mandoline solo " Selections from RIGHTS." t Maritana," by Miss Stanley. Miss Furness was sue- The question of religious education was under con- cossful in the recitation "The night of the pantomime." M T. Reddish sang "Off to Philadelphia," and the sideration at a meeting of the Warrington Association r' ' Misses M.Hackett and V. Brown contributed the duet of foundation managers of Church of England schools " M• C • " I know a bank. Miss Carrie Hastings sang very held at Holy Trinity Parish room on Wednesday after- sweetly " The Swallows," for which she was encored. noon. It was decided to hold a public meeting and the Mr. W. Moores was encored for a humorous contribu- " declaration of rights" issued by the Liverpool f;cm- Mr. Webster acted as accompanist. Diocesan Church Schools Association was approved. A —' ' During an interval the Vic .a said he would like to copy will be forwarded to all parents f ••-•—'s o` children attending Church of England schools voice a grievance with regard to the holidays allowed them in connection with the day school. The local together with the request that they shall sign it. authority appeared to have forgotten the fact that that The papers will then be delivered to the Liverpool and other schools were built not only for religious and Association who will take steps to bring them before secular education, but as parochial institutions,intended the notice of the House of Commons. The declaration for parochial purposes, and yet they could not give even reads :—`: We approve of the principle that children a holiday without asking leave of the local authority. should be brought up in the faith of their parents, and Very often when they did ask leave they could not get. that the religious teaching should be given in school it. Out of common courtesy and gentlemanlin - ess one hours by teachers who believe what they teach and are would h thought the Education wou have that eAuthority, see- qualified to teach it." tag that the various schools of the town had given the "As members of the Church of England, parents of education for all past centuries, would have had the children actually attending elementary schools, a w mere courtesy to say "We will give you four days in desire that our children shall receive in the day school the that f- year let you can use or yourselves for your instruction in the doctrines and principles of the Church parochial purposes." That he should consider to be of England." ample, and it would only be mere gentlemanly courtesy , It was also decided to hold meetings in connection to offer it to them. (Applause.) He heartily thanked 'with the day schools to explain the matter, all who had contributed to the success of the annual The meeting was well attended, a representative h gat ering. gathering being presided over by the Rector. CATHOLIC DEMONSTRATION. I Wesleyan Class Leaders Conference. A meeting of Catholic parents will be held in the A conference of Wesleyan class leaders in the War. Parr Hall on Sunday night, when resolutions will be rington, Runcorn, Frodsham, Widnes and St. Helena proposed on the question of religious instruction in the circuits, was held at Bold-street Wesleyan Church on day schools. The speakers will be Messrs. W. Madden, Thursday. At the afternoon proceedings the Rev. T. E. Fox, C. H. Unsworth, G. N. Vernon, P. Delaney, J. G. Hartley presided over a fair attendance. McAvoy, and Owen Toole. There is every prospect of Interesting addresses were delivered by Mr. Thomas ,the menting being crowded and the probability is that overflow meetings will have to be held.

'(:.7..--,.:',.. ',...:..:„c':,.,:',.:.44';',i,'{'=.,•..,:::;,....'1.:1':;'.',.;..:,..' ',,..1,•.z.''.',:..,,i'.:'.-..-.'..:...':.:'::::'2TH,'-.::...'..'..."Y....,',-"..'...'::....''....•

.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0222.txt | included=true | included =====
CO-OPERATIVE CONFERENCE.

Successful Gathering at Warrington. A well-attended conference in connection with the Cheshire and North-Wales District Co-operative Asso- ciation was held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey- , street, on Saturday afternoon. Mr. T. Critchley presi- dent of the Warrington Society, presided, and delegates were present from all the leading societies included in the district. Mr. CRITRHLEY, in a brief address, emphasized the growth of the Co-operative moment in Warrington, which was, he said, largely due to the excellent work done by their manager. Mr. Rathbone. With regard to Mr. Rathbone he would like to correct a wrong impression which had got abroad. When the Society gave him a present of 300 guineas, in recognition of his valuable services, the opinion was created that Mr. Rathbone was about to retire, but he was pleased to state that they hoped to retain his ser- vices for some time to come. (Applause.) Questions bearing upon the work of co-operative were asked by several delegates, satisfactory answers being given. ARE PRESENT-DA Y CO-OPERATORS PIONEERLIKE ? An interesting paper based on the above question was read by Mr. Dudley, president of the Runcorn Co-operative Society, who said:—The pioneers may be said to have set out on their mission with a lesser and a greater creed. We needonly concern ourselves to-day with what may be termed the lesser creed: (1) To establish a system of distribution. (2) To build, purchase, or erect houses in which those members desiring to assist one another in improving their domestic and social conditions may reside. (3) To manufacture such articles as the society may determine upon for the employment of such members as may be without employment. (4) To purchase or rent estates of land which may be cultivated by the members out of employment. (5) To educate and develop the intellect of the members, and for this purpose, 2i per cent, of the profits were set aside. Are we nearer the realisation ? Knowing that our doors are open to all comers, do we, in actual practice, render every possible assistance to the spread of the co-operative gospel? If our move- ment is a right principle, surely it must be made known broadcast, and the trend of its mission hung on the outer walls. But how can this be done without our educational agency? The very best and most capable men ani women of our movement should find a seat on the educational committee by reason of the fact that the most attractive and very best , form of co-operative truth should be arranged. !I must confess that my own experience points me to the fact that we have much leeway to make up in regard to our own co-operative faith and practice, and that this must receive first and paramount consideration. Then comes the question of distribution. We have always been most successful as a whole in distribution; but there are those on our management boards who will lag behind. We require to risk ourselves are we in all the branches of trade we ought to be? Are our premises as " taking " as they ought to be in attaction to the customer ? What we retail and ti!sm: we retail it is an important item, and vast opportunities lie near at hand. Then, as to departmental enterprize. Should we allow our individual consideration or regard for some person or persons in a certain line of business to deter us from advancing the establithment of such department in our own movement? No ; we do not desire to unneces- sarily hurt a single individual trader, and would rather let them alone •; but whatever may be our individual preferences, these great, sweeping social forces take I !little heed of the snug prosperity of the individual. Do not let us then here attempt to capture or cripple the best efforts of our movement in trying to prevent a real and legitimate development, for all is opened to us. This brings me to the housing question. How many times has our despised dividend enabled many scores of families to live in a better and more sanitary dwelling ! Further, does not our surplus capital open out to us a charming field by reason of it enabling us to invest in fully-equipped, modern property for the collective good of our members ? Look at the vast work done by the Woolwich and other societies in this respect, and again look at the excellent work executed by the Ealing Tenants Limited and such institutions.,

===== 0002601_19060303_art0223.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• .

===== 0002601_19060303_art0224.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Waring ("The aim of the class meeting ") a,:d Mr. 13.• H. Posnett, Runcorn ("The story of my class.") The Rev. T. G. HARTLEY again presided in the even- ing when there was a representative attendance. The Rev. H. H. GOWER secretary of the Liverpool district of the Class Leaders Association explained the object of the conference, There had been members and ; even ministers of the Wesleyan Church who had talked down the class meeting rather than back it up,but he was glad to believe that one of the indications of the growth of the spiritual life of their Church was to ba seen in the renewed interest in the class meeting. The CH A:ERMAN referred to the class meeting as being . an essential part of Methodist—an institution without which Methodism would die. If they banished from Methodism the idea contained in the class meeting of Christian fellowship they would cease to be Methodists. As Methodists they thought of their privileges, which were regarded by some Christian Churches with almost envious eyes, which had been handed down by their fathers—manifestations of real good fellowship, com- munion and friendliness—and which they had kept up and meant to keep up in the days which were to come. Goodfellowship was the foundation of their church life and he rejoiced to think that there was no likelihood of them departing from that idea. Such conventions as that were being held in order that they might help one another in a most important, serious, and, he was afraid, sometimes burdensome work. Although some people were inclined to speak slightingly of the junior class meetings he valued them very highly and rejoiced to think that they were a power for good. He was a great believer in the possibilities of life membership of a church. If they reared their children in the idea of life membership later in life it would not be a question of their joining the ehurch but as to whether they should leave. If 'their children joined the church when they were such they would remain with it, and would be true to its tr aditious, and would become princes in her future history. (Applause.) Interesting addresses were delivered by Miss A. IL. Kidd, Birkenhead, the Rev. 4V. IL Maltby, and Mr. A. J. Jones, of Bootle.

STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS. Latest Quotations. BANK RATE 4%. SETTLING DAYS 9'rlf MARCH AND 28Th f MARCH 1906. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. Amount Prices BRITISH FUNDS. £ Consols 21% 100 -.90 21% Annuities 100 ...95 21% Annuities 100 ...s8 Nt. War Loan 22% Red 1910 lOO _931 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO _991 Bank of England Stock . lOO ...300 India Stock 100 .1081 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian lOO _ll3 Glasgow & S.-W. Pref. ord. lOO ...641; Great Central Deferred lOO ...18.4 Great Central Preferred j 100 .38 Great Eastern 100 ...81 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...111 xd Great Western lOO ..137 xd. Lancashire and Yorkshire lOO .105 London, Brighton & South Coast 100 ...135 London, Chatham and Dover 100 .15 London and North-Western lOO .157 xd. London and South-Western lOO .155 xd. Metropolitan lOO .79 . Midland Def. Convd. Ord 100 .68 xd. Do. Pref. Convd. Ord 100 ...67 xd. North British 100 .441 North Eastern Consols lOO .1421 xd. ' North Staffordshire lOO .102 South Eastern 100 -.88 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific 100 .175 ad Grand Trunk of Canada lOO .28 Do. Guaranteed 100 .105 Do. Ist Pref. lOO .118 Do. 2nd Pref 100 .1091 Do. 3rd Pref lOO .67 BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 —3B Lancashire and Yorkshire lO .341 London and County 00 .95 London and Westminster 2O ...541 Manchester and County l7 ..59 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 ...491 Parrs 90 ..87i . Union of London 151 ...37 Union of Manchester ll 26 Williams Deacons 8 23; TRAMWAYS. Blackpool & Fleetw'd Tramroad lO ...121 British Electric Traction Ord. lO .81 Man. Carriage and Tramways A -71 ...30/0 do. do. B 5 -.15/0 do. do. C 3/ ...15/0 Southport Tramways 5 .3 INDUSTRIALS, &c. Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51% Cum. Pref. I ...113 Bleachers Asso. 51 Cum. Pref. 1 _22/0 , Boy. Ord. (7% Cut-n.) 1 .22/0 xd Bradford Dyers Ord 1 .25/6 Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Pref. 1 21/9 British Insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 ...7 British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Cam. Pref 5 G Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ordl ...51 Brunner Mond and Co.,Ltd. New 10 _5l Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. 7% Pref. lO _172 Buxton Lime Firms lO 61 Calico Printers Ordinary 1 ..13 /0 Castner Kellner Alkali 1 .23/0 Coats (I and P.) Ordinary 1 ..s'l Crosileld (J.) & Sons, o% Corn . Pre. Prof. 10 -.10• 1 Crosflelds, 4P,, Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO ...101 Crosfteld, 41% 'A ' Deben lOO :::97 xd English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 .25/6 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO -.81 do. do. do. B 8 _6l Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., "Ordl _3B/9 Fletcher Russell and Co. LW., 6% Cam. Pref lO 121 xd ' 4% Dabs. Red. 100 ...98 ad ` Hunters the Teamen Ord. 1 Lever Brothers, 5% Corn. Pref. 10 ...121 Lipton Ordinary 1 ..23/9 Meldrura Bros. 51% Pref. 1 .17/3 Mond Nickel do.. Ltd., Ord. 1 -42/0 do. do 7% Cum. Pref. 5 -.6; Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum. Pref. 5 ..42 Nantyglo & Blabs 8% Prof. 621 -.80; Pearson Sc Knowles, Ord 5 51 do. do. a% Cum. Pref. Public Benefit Boot 6% Cum. Pref.s ...5 Perrins Ltd. Ord 1 216 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord 1 -.4210 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6% " Cum. Prof. 5 ...6 Salt Union Ordinary 4 _ll/9 United Alkali Ordinary lO ...63/6 do. do. 7'; Corn. Pref. lO ...11/c do. do. Deb. lOO 109 Vulcan Foundry 1 ..26/3 Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd.... 7l ...6 xd. do. do. do. do. do. lO .81 xd. Warrington Land & Property Co , Ltd. Ord. 1 ...1716 do. do. do fl Shares 7 _42 Warrington and Distriet Billpost- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/6 ...17/6 The above list and prices have been compiled by , Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Share , brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable.

-- Junior Liberal Association. At the weekly meeting of this Association held at Gregory's Ca Buttermarket-street, on Monday evening three interesting biographies of eminent men were submitted by members of the biography committee —Mr. W. Williams read a paper on "Lord Granville " who, he said, filled with great distinction some of the highest offices of the State and by his tact and persuasive power was able to carry measures through the House of Lords which would have been rejected if piloted by any otber man.—A brief biography of "Mr J. Passmore Edwards "Was submitted by Mr. J. Hawnorn who pointed out that the subject of the paper was a successful newspaper man still amongst us whoa having gathered finely of this world'a wealth, had given the evening of his days a golden setting by a liberal-handed and intelligent philanthropy, which had brightened and sweetened the lives of many of his less favoured countrymen and women.—Mr. Ford read a paper on " Richard Cobden " and referred par- ticularly to the Free Trade struggle in which this great man played such a noble part. Cobden was the representative of the highest statesmanship and the true ideal of what a statesman ought to be. Living in constant and active intercourse with his fellowmen for 30 years, he was never convicted and never suspected of trick or subterfuge, or hidden design. He was transparently pure. He laboured purely for the common good, and sacrificed a leading commercial position to become useful to his countrymen.--A dis- cussion followed.—On the motion of Mr. A. H. Rathbone, seconded by Mr. Darbyshire, a vote of thanks was passed to the essayists.—The meeting w as presided over by Mr. H. W. Guest.

- _ Warrington.—Printed and publshed by Jo me VVALICER & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road NVIDNEs : 32, George-street, Sr. HELENS! 3, Market- street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street Ruticows, Mar 3rd. 1900.

BA!

B'

14,AP:

Morni] Event] Mr. D • Sermon]] evening Al

BE)

A MB to elect Marob Chairm9

B" CONG

Public

AINSWC JOHN (

POPI i SC

Aram MBSSIV MR. R U HUMOR! ADNII --- W A

1 to nm Basacc Arraelii

Copies Wad es A TES TA 12RV

WAI Monty) AT

WA]

SAT Doors Admissto A TRAI This nigh

Rind -F1

pßim CH Alanchest

I, In the )k which w idendeles Miss A. Earlmam, PHAROS CRAlith ROHR. '• AB

Miss ' MRS. JO tni• J. V

SQL Ac( Admlos

T. P

T. AT

Tickets Bee., Roy, The pro the Irish

P A R

SPLEN CHORUS:

Ac Pima __Beats ca neLueic Bix To ansti

COUN:

APPLT( 5111tIC Inreno tkworl .ntry

c6l "Ilnual hi Canvass 411 v or o oaturday oht ni a. MO aduasti Maret

...,---.______

TO CAR I)Eln•ici MA Roads, ti tclina rf " tbe "fter 8„t, 5 h a Tem 'e, osdøi vtl %hp 31st I TO MI hot bind e etei

' • , ? • i / L. ..,1' .•'/ All ST9r .. ;;.,,,,,v • • ,t , , :''',3l'''.i'll'i. "Poq:lei , . 1 0 ' t tret. • 10413,eer, -•,' :.. A ;..... ":v.. ,i. . :. .-.,.. ::.,,.

===== 0002601_19060303_art0225.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
?4, :4-, -71

- :•

===== 0002601_19060303_art0226.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AT 50 Br

===== 0002601_19060303_art0227.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19060303_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCH.FORD. TO-MORROW (IUNBAX), MARCH 4th 11906. Rev. JOHN YRANCIN MA.TIHRW. Mcduttito 10.Lf. Jubject : ' Old Teetament Eltadles ''— " Joseph the Weenier:. BidzelNG B. übject " Murder will out" ONFERIOAIBS.

B mE Y ROAD WKSLEYAN CIiURCH, WARRINGTON. ON SUNDAY .NBIET, MARCH 4th. 1006. AT 10.30 Rev. WORRY PITT. AT 6.30 Rev. J. MANNING. All welcome. Hymn Hooka proytdefl.

WYCLUT6 CHUriCti, BMVSISY STREhT WARRINGTON. `,UND&Y MANOR, 4Tir, 1906. PREACHER : RIIV. J. YONG% 10.30 AND 6.30. UzUAL OPFLIIITORIES. N.l3.—The Ordinance of the Lord's Supper after Evening Service.

• J. 3 A P S T Oki URUB , Gt )1,13010C F. &MET, SUNDAY MIXT, MA hCH 4TH. PREACHI.II : RRV. ROBERT BLACK of Wigan, learning, 10.45: livening, 630 : HBARTY WHLCOMB TO ALL. ALL SHAW, FRB. DUNNICO will preach on Wednesday at 8.15

KENT & SON, JEWELLERS SINCE 176 70, DBANdiIATB (opposite Barton Arcade.) MANOBILISTEB, ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE OF SPECULUM POST FREE ON RPPLIOATION.

VIOLINS, BOWS AND CASES. f ANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS IT-L STRING 3 of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all itlbranches. JOUN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKIIR AND RHPAIRIIII (Pupil of G. A. Chariot). 67, RIINSHAIIir STRItNT (Oorner of Ellison-street), LIVBRPOOL.

GRAND SUCCkASS OF TOOLE'S MANURES. RECORD SALE LAST SEASON. GRAND BBSULTS. Testimonials for this Season from all the Leading Farmers of the Distriet SPECIAL CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURIC. Analysis: AMMONIA sto 6 per cent. PHOSPHATH 20 to 25 per cent. PRICE .£5 per ton, Free on rails. Warrington SPECIAL COMPOUND MANURE. Analysis : AMMONIA.— 3to 4 per cent. PHOSPHATH 8 to 12 per cent. PRICE .E 3 Pr ton, Free on rails, Warrington. JAMES TOOLE'. LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER. WARRUNGTON. Telegrams : " Toole, Warrington." National Te lephone 222

ACDONALD'S HIGIII-OLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY :A NEW SOIEBTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 40S. • IVIACDON ALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WA/MASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 IO 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS.I IO 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH 'ST. ATTTEDAvrox DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.R. MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADIL ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

BATTEN ARMS HOTEL, WARRINGTON. LABGB BANQUBT ROOM DOR DINNER PARTIES, CLUB SUPPERS, SMOKING CONCERTS. WEDDING AND FUNERAL PARTIES. EXCELLENT UtrisznE. MODERATE CHARGES.

SMOKE SUDLOW'S "OLD BOY'S " TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. SD. PER MINCH Is. 7D. PER LB. TIN; Is. PER LB. T. SUDLOW & WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICK ST, WARRINGTON. TELICPHONE 414 Y.

BUY A TxTALDEMAR DIAN° VV ALDEMAR lANO FROM THE SOLE AGENT, TOM BOOTHROYD, 9. SUEZ STRBBT, WARRINGTON. The tone, touch and case-work is all that can be desired, and the price is moderate.

B. WADS WORTH, SOLE AOHNT FOR TRH WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 59, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON,

DELL S: CO., PRIVATE INQUIRY AGENTS, 19, I_l ARCADS GROVR 110A.D. ASSEDOUrOff ; all branches of inquiry undertaken; watching dlvoroe a speciality. Tel. 1132 r.

'LOWERS DIRECT FROII SCILLY ISLES I.out of France, and principal growers In ngland on commission at wholesale prices. McDHRMOTT, Cheapest Man Alive, Wholesale Market. Warrington.

• GUINNEBS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AID BITTER ALBS ALLSOPP'S MILD AID BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP lIITTEE3 WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEIM To be had In CASE or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WIRWIOR ROAD. WARRINEITON. Alto Manufacturer of MEE CLASS MINERAL WATERS fri Screw-etoppered Telephone No. 179, STORES. OWEN STREET.

EXPERI RNCED Nialo and Female NURSES at a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply `gnash:9 Ufa TITIT- TIM, Hope House, Hope et., Liverpool. Telephone 2570, Royal. Telegrephlo„ address. Nurses '

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz, 00VIIRLIITTEI 1 TAILS OF ) nom HAIR FRAMIIS, PURR 3. 5/6 FROM 3/6 EAcal. HAIL T S BROWN, 3, LIMB ST (OAR STATION). LIVIRHPOOL.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWN VS CHLORODYNE. INVALUABLE FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA, AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS. 'ibis old and tried aremedy has Wood the test of two generations. REFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE. The ORIGINAL mu be had of ALL CHEMISTS if you let it be seen that you are not weak enough to aeoept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAME: le. lie. 28. 9D., 4e. Sp,. THE PRICES

-PLASTIC STOCKINGS, Is. lid. each, poet free _L 2g.; measurement forms free.—Pd&CINTOSHII2 and WATHR rapalrea wame day as received.-7. B. HUGHES it SGSS, 23, School lane (upstairs), Liverpool.

LEACH'S MARVELLOUS PRICES.-GOOD • WBLL SRASONIID OILCLOTH 2 yards wide le. 2d. per ymd. Genuine TOUGH CORK LINO 100 per square yard. 0000 A. MAT' Is. Op., ANGORA MATS 30 xl2 Is, lOid. Art SQUARBS and VARPHT SQUARHS from 8. 3d., and all OTHI3II GOODS for FLOGS COVBRING BQUALLY CHEAP at 424 AND 26, SHUDEHILL, NEXT TO NEW MARKET, MANCHBSTSR. OPBB TILL 7. SATURDAYS 9.

my....taznikg BOARDS, PLANKS, AND LOGS. .. .. .. .. OAK WHITBWO3D ~ .. .. ASH and BIRCH ~ .. .. .. Spokes Messed and Cleft. all sizes. Coffin Oak Suites, complete with Moulds. Wide Hazel Pine Boards, 15in. and upwards. Wheelwrights' Oak Planks and Boards. Hand-hammer, Sledge. and Pick Handles. Oak Poets, Sills, Fencing. and Mangle Boilers. Butchers' Blocks and Sycamore Planking. CHAPMAN & 00., Broughton-lane, Manchester.

HE EMPIRE FURNISHING Cu. 300 A 302, STOCKPORT-ROAD, C-on-M. (Corner of MILTON-STREET), MANCHESTER. 'NEWER DESIGNS. BETTER QUALITY, [CHEAPER PRICES, and LOWER TERMS Than any other house in :Manchester, and above all, the DEPOsIT Is QUITE OPTIONAL In Manchester and surrounding districts th,,n are thousands of would-be purchasers ahr. tremble at,the Idea of the Eire Purchase System OBSTINATE FRIENDS, and INIIRVOUS RELATIONS will say—Avold the Hire System. IITT WHY? Because they don't know the EMPIRIC FUR- NISHING CO., and their methods of doing business,and that they like to treat their custom. ere as they would like to be trHated ; and PH HY DON'T ASK YOU TO SIGN ANY -1 OBJEC- TIONABLE ADRISEMENT ALSO BECAUSE If you are M. If you meet with an accident, If you lose your situation, Or have any other misfortune, I qll3 EMPIRE WILL SAY— I I If you are unable to pay we don't expect you to pay; and in no case do their customers ever , lose the value of the money they have alread3 paid. COME AND SEE THE YOU NI3IIO NOT tBUY. Catalogues of Terms are sent Post Free,or their Representative will call on receipt of Postcard. EMPIRE PURN"[SHINC4 CO, 300, STO KPORT-ROAD, MANCHESTER. OPEN 9 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Wednesday, 9 a.m. ton p.m.

A RE YOU SATISFIED WITH YOUR INCOME? 1. DO YOU WISH TO INCREASE IT I CAN OFFER YOU A SAFE INVESTM ENT COMBINBD WITH ABSOLUTE SECURITY, ENORMOUS RETURNS, AND CAiff AVAILABILITY, RETURNING You 10 PIIR CENT WREKLY. ACCOUNTS OF £1 AND UPWARDS ACCRPrED, AND PROFITS PAID EVisillY SATURDAY. FOR ALL INFORMATION APPLY TO GEORGE WALL, 8, 00S1IINDII. AIKSTIIFIDAM. HOLLAND.

ERN EST CROS-SLEY, AOIRNT for every description of INDIA-RUBBISR STAMPS, any pattern or style, With your own name, businebs. and address, Made to order. Linen Markers a speciality. Dealer in the hest makes of STYLOGRAPHIC AND FOUNTAIN I'HNS. All kinds repaired. Catalogues of Stamps. Az.., can be seen at the above address. MI orders, by post or otherwise, shall receive prompt attention. 146, HALIFAX ROAD, BRIGHOUSE, TORKSHIBB. 014 ND TO THE MANAGER B.F.S. MANUFACTURING CO., DIM%'F' BOX 16, Roma.% FOR PRIOR LIST, POST MIN. PURE ALL WOOL BIJANKETS AT WBOLIRSALB PRICR3 Carriage paid and delivered same day as orders racel red. Hotels. Boarding House, and Charities quoted for. Buy direct from the Mills and save profits.

HOUPING (‘OUGH ll , The celebrated effectua OOPING COUGH , OOPING COUGH mcuerdeicinwelithout internal HOOPING COUGH Or ail Chemists price 4e. per bottle. Sole Whcle- BRONCHITIS F4l“ Avant : W. EDWARDS & SoN, 157, Queen Victoria GROUP tin c et, London.

UNLESS You Are INTERFATIID in the Welfare of your BABY. The following Unsolicited Testimonial has been received by the Proprietor cf BUTTALUS PIIPTONISED FOOD : Didsbery, lan. IF, 1906. Dear Sim—Haying tried your Peptonited Food for my child, which Is the last survivor of TRIPLAITi. I find it cm-Dent food on which it thrives admirably.—Youra respect fully, LW. After trying many well-known Foods, without success, thli Food was retained by the child, and she began to develop and gain weight. Mothers, don't hesitate, but send postcard for FRBB tIAMPLB to NUTTALL'd DBPOT, 417, BURY NBW-ROAD, MANCHBSTBH.

A RTHUR KAY & BROTHER, JEWELLERS, 2, MARKET ST., ROYAL EXCHANGE, MANCHESTER FOR GOOD VALUE IN DIAMONDS AND GEM RINGS. WATCHES, CHAINS, BRACELETS, BROOCHES. ALSO EVERY ARTICLE OF JEWELLERY AND SILVER WARE SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS WEDDING RINGS.

11. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY ST., (LEGH ST., CORNER),, WARRINGTON. HIGH-CLASS TAILORING AT A REASONABLE COST. UP-TO-DAT3 LADIES TAILORING A SPECIALITY,

TRY MARSH'S FOU HAR I)W ARE. STORES: 53, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON. SHEFFIELD CUTLERY, /HMI-CLASS LAMPS, OIL-STOVES, OILCLOTHS, &c, AND GENERAL IRONMONGERY.

THE PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT YOUR PATRONAGE. WE ARE NOW STOCKLNG 1711 E LARGEST ASSORTMENT OF BOOTS AND SHOES IN WARRINGTON. SPECIAL( LINES NEW WINTER FOOTWEAR. SEE OUR WINDOWS. dEVERYBODY CAN BE SUITED UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1838. , RICHARD JEFFREYSi 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERFCOL, watatis MAILER AND :PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Flames. suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, go. Terms Moderate. A PINE COLLECTION OH PHOTOGRAPHS for Orystoleunt and Penal Painting. A CIIOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SUN. 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS. eJ EWELLERS, SI LVBRSMITHS, AND DIAMOND NI BRED ANTS DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. 31 ALL TIM LADING MALEBO SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE. AND JEWELLERY OF EMIT DZBCIIIPTIOII. 30 ro 50 PHR CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old Gold and Sliver Antiques, DiaMonds eta„ bought or taken in exchange. Wormy advent), on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &a., to any amount at low rates et interesti strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, RM.

le. SEND ONE SHILLING TO is H. MIMS, 64, PIAILICIO-BOAD. BBLGBANIA, LONDON, S.W. and you will receive three handsome, Vine Art Lace Pine, IS. two Pretty Brooches, one in Pearls, and one 1 Paste, and two lovely Paste Hat-pins. S.

CHATHAM HOUSE .COLLEGE, RAMSOAT ESTABLISHED OVER 100 xsxus. HIGH-CLASS SCHOOL FOR THE SONS OF GENTLEMEN. JUNIOR SCHOOL, 50 BOYS; SENIOR SCHOOL. 70 BOYS. The Healthlest Situation in England. Magnificent New Building. Grounds 15 acres. Illustrated Prospectus from the Headmaster.

MRS. THOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, n EXAMINER " OFFICE, 33. MARKET STREET. RARLEISToWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRIMNTS.

ANI ONDERFUL DISCOVERY.—This is the age of research and experiment, when all nature, so to speak, is ransacked by the scientific for the comfort and happiness of man, Science has indeed made gle.nt strides during the past century. And among the—by no means least important—discoveries In medicine coe.es that of TH RAPIOU This preparation is unquestionably one of the most genuine and reliable Patent Medicines ever Introduced, and has we understand, been used in the Continental Hospitals by !Mord, Resists. Jobert. Veneer', Malsonnenve the well- known Chaesaignar, and ideal by all who are retarded as authorities in such matters, including the celebrated Lallemand, and Roux, by whom it was some time since uniformly adopted.and that it is worthy the attention of those who require such a remedy we think there is no doubt. From the time of Aristotle downwards a potent agent in the removal of these diseases has (like the famed philosopher's stone) been the object of s .rch of some hopeful generous minds ; and far beyond the mere power—if such could ever have been discovered —of transmuting the baser metals into gold is surely the discovery of a remedy so potent as to re- plenish the falling energies in the one case. and in the other so cfTectually. speedily and safely to expel torn the system the poisons of acquired or inherited disesse in all their potent forms as to leave no taint or trace behind. Such is the new French Remedy THRRAPION; which may certainly rank with, if not take precedence of. many of the discoveries of our day, about which no [little ostentation and noise hays been made, and the extensive and ever-increasing demand that has been created for this medicine wherever Introduced appears to prove that it is destined to cast into oblivion all those questionable remedieft that were formerly the sole reliance of medical men, Therapion may be obtained of the I principal chemists and merchants throughout the world.— " Diamond Fields Advertiger."—Kinzberley.—For partlcluars of lberaplon, send stamped, addressed envelope to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD Sq., LONDON,

- ITWO Upright Tubular BOILUBS for Sale, height Aft. 91n. 1 diameter 41t. 21n. ; each Boiler Is fitted with 75 "Field" Patent Tubes ; complete, with Fibtlnsoi, including Injectors insured et 751bs, per square Inch. Con be seen working with view to pUrellaie.--SIDICFORD, SMITH AND , LTD. St. Helens Sanction.

PATENT 071 PICA MANCHESTER lISTABLIBHICD IN 1836. !items. 0110Ra1i DAVIES & SON have hl more thau 40 years' personal experienoein oonnection with this Establisb• meat, and possess praothati kno wiod/e of the cotton,woollet and Iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price BA. "Colonial and /foreign Patent Laws," price li. 9BORE/11 DAVIES, CM., & SON, 111•S•li 4. ET. ANN B SQUARE, MANCHESTER •

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BREHM FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON 'lO °MANKIND They are the best -krown Remedy for Antemla, Giddiness, Fulness and dwelling after Meals, LOSS O f Appetite,Hvsteria,ralpitation of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments, Boxes 90.. is 11.. 2s 9d.45. 6d. and lls. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS COUGLI MIXTURF, gives instant relief • I proved by hundreds of testimonials. Hof ties 3, ,nd 4/9 post paid from the proprietors, 309 PORTO) LLO-ROAD. NOTTING HILL, LoNnorr, VV. • (Only Addi is).

T. GHORGN'S IRON WORKS, Ll`dlt'dD (late Oraierod, Grierson imd 00.), Hahne, Manchester, have the Largest A9Sortniesit of WHIIHL and PIILLHIf PATTISHNS in the trade. In additlon have porchase4 all Wheel. Pr,,ey and Tooth Block Patterns am., belonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•road Iron Works, Manchester, an. are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, laillwright,and all klr is of Hngineerlng Work promptly.—Oataloguee of Wheels and Pulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address:„ Ormerod Grlerson, Manabester'.

IiNTS' PRIJKIN SADDLU. complete 40s. ; Hanting Bridles. Si. 6d.; sets Black Cob Harness, £4 10s. Approval. eaah.—ULatuEm, Manufaetnrer, 31, Caldrnore rd., 64 LIM PUB 88" CYCLBB —5O only as an advertisement at JU £3 19.. 6d., all latest Improvements ; Lady's £ll. 2s. 6d.—Wrlte now, liMPßEviil tjycl,E Co.. Cannon HIP, Bimini/ham.

BIOYCLII Outer Covers, Valesniztd. 64 6d. • Beaded edge 6d. extra any size. Inner tubes with Valves 3s. 3d. each, reliable qualities, 1936 patterns. Carriage pad.— HARM au., 7, Vitoria! rl., Brixton, London. SW• - -

F- MS DISP(IoAL, a Bargain, Gent's Coventry ball free wheel OYCLB • no,. lolled new 0 Xmas, silver plated rims, all parts beaut'lfulir plated on Copper, rim brake, new and up to date, not ridden more than n miles, but pneu- matic tyies and tubei never c inntured, guaranteed all new, ' complete with plated gas lamp, bel,, bag, pump spanner and oiler, also enamelled `eurt Guards, Cash urgently wanted ; £3 128. 6d. srprovAl willingly. T. Hu*nstin, Cbargrove House Ashcombe-rmo, Weston-Super-Mare.

PICLH (bargain, marvellous sacrifice).— Gent's New I.—/ elide, not usei a dozen times, highest grade, best pueumatlc tyres and tubes two rim brakes, inverted levers, latest 1906 machine ; beautifully plated, enamelled and gold lined, plated rims, enamelled centres ; ball free wheel; magnificent machine ; clash urgently wanted ; Et 10s.; complete, with plated gas lamp, bell, bag, pump. de.; approval before cash lieut.—H. HOUSE, Elton, Aahembe Park rd„ Weston-super-tdare.

pOSOOMIRR.—Board residence. Strathmore. Undercliff rd. Splendid position, fine views, facing pier and sea, every comfort, bath, electric ligbt. Terms from 3)B. weekly,— Proprietors. Mr. and hire. J. W. ROBERT 9.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED/ M TO 10 LUDGATH HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SWARM. HOME COMPORTS, OLICAYLLNESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL NOR BURDIE99 OR PLEASURE.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RiIIsTAIJRANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38. CHAPEL44I'REET. BS CIMATBS CHOIR PARTIES. PICNICS &C., TEATIMoN/ALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 04P5. THB OLDICIT BiTABLISHBD RBSTAUBANT IN TOWN.

£lOO DOWN buys Ilfracombe Freehold, • Barn- staple Leasehold, 2500,—HicAn bl.4llTEß,Dounty ?potion!, Tiverton. (10LINTRY RI43II)HSCUs, newly built, to be sold or let. kj Denorated throughout—Healthy situatlon-2 Hatertain- ing 4 Bedrooms,Batb w.P., Large warden, Rent £32.—Apply SCHOoL-HoUSE, Croft, Warringtm.

"OR bALll.—Freehol4, detached house and outbuildings. with ice ground 240 feet. frontage, main road ; suit- able for business. gentleman's .all residence, or building purposes, £l,lOO. —SEARLE. Pirbright,

BUILDING ND. SALH, fr,ml three to four hundred tons of Sant :at Orford Tannery, near War- rington ; also about three hundred loads of good Black soli. —Apply to H. GARNER. 76, Oldham at., Warrington.

CIAPITAL INVBITIfiffirT, modern —semi-detached villa 'J residence, prettily situated, Waastead Park, }lsles ; 2 reception rooms, kitchen, scullery, 4 bedrooms, bath, h tt o, good garden, 25ft. frontage, freehold. £62s.—DEstf, 27, Viral,' rd., Stamford Hill, London.

ONEY.—E2 to £10.003 advanced on note of hand, In. without delay. fuss or publicity. Distance no object Easy repaymente.—Write (enclosing stamp), W. MAsspro- HAM, 35 Fawcett rd., Southsea. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY t those in a position to repay (whether householders or not) on simple promiesory note without delay from PIO to £I,00) at reason- able interest and repayments. Any distance. All applica- tions treated in the strictest contidenre.—Call or write (snd be convinced) to B. A. BURNNY, Canada Chambers, 36 spring (i.irdens, Manchester. Tel. 6655•

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, .C. 30 .£5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householders. on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay hack. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. Id. COWEN. VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT Olt THE CENTRAL STATION. M.ANARER : JOHN H. GOOll WIN. AL—Established at this k.. 1 ims• Twenty Years.

LOANS GRANTRO ON THESE TERMS £5 TO £5OO. LOAN E 5 RHPAY £5 12a. 6d. LOAN £lO RHPAY £ll ss. Od. LOAN £2.0 RHP AY £22 10s. Od. LOAN £3O RHP AY £33 15e. Od. OAIST £5O IMP AY £56 ss. Od. LOAN £IC4 REPAY $11! Da. Od. Larger amounts in nroportion. Cali or write to W JACKSON, 70, PLYMOUTH-GROVH, MANCHHSTHR.

ADVANCES FROM £STO £1,000.-THIS OLD ESTABLISHED and well known office for honest and straightforward dealings is prepared to make ADVANCES lon PROMISORY NOTE to HOUSEHOLDERS. COW- REEFERS. FARMERS, GARDNERS and OTHERS on very reasonable Interest. Farmers and others can rely on honest dealings. NO FRES. NO HILL OH 'SALE. Ni) BONnSMEN. NO vINFIS If behind with payment. Only try once this office and you will never deal with any other office. Letters promptly attended to.—Apply to the Manager J. CALVERT, °LAUGHTON CHAMBERS, ST. HELENS

HSTABLI3HBD 1884. pROFES.'4IONAL Gentlemen, farmers, trades- people,and respectable househAders can have immediate Advances from £lO to £l,OOO privately, on note of Mind ouly, at easy rates ;no fees charged ; hundreds of testi- monials to my hononnable and prompt destines ; no genuine applicant reused ; cash advanced on all kind, of de.ds, shares, or any kind of security, on most reasonable terms ; distance no object, letters promptly attended to JOHN FLATORIIII, 17, TH13119 ST., Stant:AM, Manchester. Tel. : 3922.

0 %I £3 AND UPWARDS DONT FAIL TO GIVE US A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT DUBS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAY:VENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable Is &I weekly £2O repayable 7e 63 weekly, £5 „ 29 ~ £3O 17s 63 „ £lO 3s ~ £lOO „ 35. Ed „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply In con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31. CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGEREM, Ml.. COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE, HOURS, 9 am to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTE vDED TO. ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS.

BSTABLIRHED °VIM FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREKT, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CU ESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCHS, In Sums of from CO to £l,OOO ON tsIDIPLIS PKOMISSORY NOTE. pAnTIEs wishing tor temporary CASH ADVANJISq should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THR PROMISSORY NOTH TO BB SIGNHD TIIII LOW RATS OF INIIIRIIST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THH•WRITTRN GUARANTIIN OF STRICTBST PRIVACY TER 'WS NM OF 8 YtALL RAPAYM aNTS HRTENDING OVHR A PBRIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THII BORROW BR. NO HILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AORERD AND THN TRANSACTIONS ARN 'NOT PUBLISHED INANY NISWNPAPIIII OR GAZHTTB. ABSOLUTE SSCRECY APPLICANTS RHOHIVB IMENDIATII ATTENTION IRRHSPNUTIVIi OF DISTANOB. In urgent cases a Representative will cal personallyripon a PPlleants ein.l complete the transactions aleheir own home or places of businees. My fair dealleg andensonable charges are widely known and myrepotation at rands onrivalled

SM. IMPORTANT ANNOUNCOMHNT. RIA AND UPWARD-4 ADVAN. TID ON DAY V OF APPLIcATION WITHOUT !WROTH'S, STRICTBST IDONFIGHNCH, AT THH f.Alowing remark- able Low rate M Interest:— £lO Loan, repay £l2 Loan. repay £l3 £2O ~ £24 £t.o „ £3O „ ~ £36 £lOO ' £l2O The above can be altered GO suit borrowers,Advances are paid in full, distance no object. Apply an.l he convinced If any borrower will apply t 3 me who has paid the usual extor- tionate rate of Intere.t. I will pay those offices off and advance them what they require at the above rates Interest. —Apply to the Actual Lender, T. HALL, EXOHANGH BUILDINGS, 6, ST. MARIUS OATH, MANICHTtSTRHHT, MANCH/3611in.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES (MAIMED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUM. (NOT LESS THAN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 27 years the total amount lent by th undersigned EXCEEDED .£1,250,000 He has received hundreds of unsolicited letters of thanks and has annually, for the past nine ysars, issued ,elec. tlons from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for advances, or any Information , desired, will be supplied, free of charge, on application, eitber personally or by letter, to ! GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER, ESTABLISH ED 1870.

.: ~,, f'• 1 '7.tit,-tria4:-,‘,,---e' ...: .--.' - ''' • t,,,,.,' ~„-•-.: 4 z' ~ .. ft: 7 , .. ... .„ , . , el i . i.., s , . ' , ~ „. .....;A,,rl 11:: .Ina . ~ ~,,,,,,,..c.,,,,,„..„... .......„..„,,,.,..,:......,„...,:„. ~,,..,„,,,, ~.„4„,„„,, ...,...„,,,.,....„:,..., , ..,,,,. 6' and . er, . "er `•1:,,A.,:',-„,:,,,,,^", • .1.,' 41)" ...-,,,0i^1:; .. .:44 7. 1 ..,..,...,,, • 't ../,'"‘„.7.7.;,)°n41;:43 . .L.W... • .'„ u• " ',7 • ' r F,, " ~,, ~ ~ ~.„ ,„ ,), ~.,,,,,, 4 t V .-. '..•-•ZU4)... ~,,,‘ • ~.....,..., i...0i , . -' r k 'ill' (•;',4,l‘t„•''.'el '-:.•;:a..x:r, t do • ge u N G ..., '''.l,4 • r .* T aN. ~T h.S t. . ..,,o: 4I 7z'" idi., • -.. ;rIP.A;I- ) ... se • t•:vi:k.',.,.:',/-,, voio 6 Lls i4,4•Ci' 'l' v'' ~.yri. >...1 4......4. . „. r %)•.41 ~-,..„5.., t,,,,,,,, ~,,,,,,,. ••,,,,_,,,,, , * ";•P',.7"fr:,;#7 . • 1 3r7A), y .• , . , • .., ; -,.r.,...., ~,,, 4.•.-- ~• '.', Q• •• , • , _;'-,, , ' ' ('-',,,!,:4'.' :1,,,;•1ii:-.7"-t'1):,..t....:1:=;:5: . . ~ • . , .1., .-4,4 al .. , . . , , , . . . . , . , ' . , , . • ,'• : • '44/WC' 5 •••;4400• .••,„J,,,,ei ,4„,,0,..51...vw,,0• . '.i. :••?-:•1•.4' For Coughs and Colds. 5'.40:1. , f fc,i'444 • .4,, ./... tkfo 'T BE MISLED— REFUSE IMITAT $. ' . •- . t'',',••• .., .. . 0, - —d• • 49- ~, ~.„-ep. - , . 9 A.,, ;' 4-r,,' !. ,-s, Lung Toni .. !..,:zot ....,„, - ' -.ii ..> • 411,, #;17."44.,:::Zr,,,-.:14Y4 v,V4A,Z,',,,1,•*%':r4.0`!>,,(..,v7` ',,, ' 4.',3`..0.:7,,",-::,,;....„...,„"0"ef:-•,;2.,i,-;!,1,2,7;',--,',"V,L)..gis'‘. , ' ~Agf,j,y,,e,,,,,,,,-0" ESTABLISHM 31 YEARS. , _ . . . , .. • . . . . • .. _

, 4" ',,,. t,,,N,,,,-.44e7,1,-,•-•-,-,..... el.-47 , ,' n'.., t'., t,,, .3, gmi• 4A? :i, 4... ,', ' ~, 4. ~'"Ag• ~..41., , ' t 4; ~.4, . • ~ .- A. ~44,,;„'.. ~,,,N.T.Arg,,,Ot. ,e*,,,,1A ~„ ,i •,,,'A . 14.. t;.: ‘,.." : .'. ," •,:.• iiiiie f,,,,,,.0.4, ~,,,,„;,, IF 4," , 154, IS ti46),_ 'lOlllll .Alf.talain. i ' • ''', .. , .. M 1,....... _,.„.. ..i, 01.1 r,....,.., ~:;„..i.. ,Irt 4 ~,..:,, „;....,... ....,v.: ~ ire ,a, 41.44.1 _ 1,11421 v. , ,1 ~. :4, ----.-...--,•,..V4... A.,'"%,„....., ',N..‘.... P \.:-•., 1 7.---,-,-- ' , '.. • ••••.. . A.••• - , • N' /' ( ' , • I

Little Miss Muffit sits on a tuffit But does not eat curds and whey, For she wiser has grown Since Tan Houten's' she'd known And now enjoys Cocoa each day, And the horridest spider That sat down beside her Could not send her From Mast away I No. 8.

nom ^ ti*O.

demand for the little pearl shirt buttons this spring and coming summer all the newest lingerie blouses and shirts being trimmed with them. Linen gowns too, both plain and embroidered, that have been built for Egypt and the Riviera show rows of these homely little buttons down the fronts of the bodice and on the cuffs. Two years ago, the American craze for the large pearl button sent the price of the best shells up to £3OO a ton, and doubtless the traders are looking forward to reaping a harvest out of us this year. " The Smiths of Sorbiton."—lt is certainly true that no strangely beautiful women, no extrardinarily I handsome men, no hairbreadth escapes, no deeds of heroism, no frantically clever children, of the people ;of title—as Mr. Keble Howard carefully points out in the preface—find a place in this, his latest book, which ,by the way is already in its fifth edition. It is just a simple story of everyday suburban life, yet there is not one dull page from cover to cover, and one follows the , Smiths from the moment of their return from their honeymoon, to contented old age, with the keenest delight and intereSt. Decidedly the "Smiths of Surbi- , ton (Chapman and Hall) is among the Spring novels that should not be missed. MAD GE

0 W 1 I \3' :I; ', jf , ' . • ~, , ~, , v . ,:: 141. "- FA/774 --.' j i - .. 1.,P,44 57 / k Who said BOVRIL? - g 6 99 , " I,'. \ k ) , 7 / I said the clerk; _ • =_,..._- __ -- —l, ,' ill c = As I'm not up to - _ the mark— , • N) , , ~ cc „IL iF 611) ' . I said , . / • .. , ~ /, 11 ........ 0 /....0.. ..3.10,0107 , .. 4 ,

You can get Genuine pot still WHISKY (Pure Malt) 10 years old, by asking in the best Licensed Houses for 0 Co OLD ORKNEY Ask your Wine Merchant to send for sample. Stromness Distillery, ORKNEY, SCOTLAND.

GARTONS CLOVERS are the best and also the cheapest. GARTONS GRASSES are the best • and also the cheapest For full particulars of these as well as all other kinds of Farm Seeds, including our Distinct Nev Breeds of Oats, Barleys, &c., see our large Illustrated Catalogue, post free on application. SEED EXPERTS & GROWERS, WARRINGTON.

EDITORIAL Prenxsm. (From tho Warrington Examiner, Fekruary 10th, 190 G. - Ebe Butibing " Architecturally the building is a distinct ornament to the street, and can be classed amongst the most striking erections in the town. It has been effectively carried out in the French Renaissance style, and the whole of the front is faced with glazed terra cotta: The premises are thoroughly adapted to the firm's rapidly increasing require- ments, and are fitted up in the most modern style. The cased-in windows are quite a new departure in Waitington. the glass-work at the back of each bearing the Warrington Borough Arms and the Manchester City Arms respectively. The electroliers with which the windows and the whole of the establishment are illuminated in-dce a very fine display." Ebe Zuqints6 : "It is certainly an advantage that the various sections of the firm's business can be carried out in one building under the supervision of the local inanager ('Jr. Harvey.) Hitherto the firoll has confined its attentions chiefly to gent's tailoring, for which it has achieved a high reputation, but in the new shop a special feature is the ladies depart- ment. A handsome staircase leads to the lofty and splendidly arranged show-room for ladies' costumes, and adjoining it is a fitting-room." =anitarp traorittibopq : "The workshop is one of the best adapted in the north of England, and the heating and ventilation arrangements are all that could be desired. The decorations of the interior are in perfect taste, and the electric fittings tire on an elaborate scale." Yet we are not satisfied. When we have fitted you with an overcoat or suit, and made It to perfection, we may be satisfied. The new Spring cloths we show are even better than our usual standard designs. Overcoats from 35/. BOYEIELL BROS 43, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

!OWL COEN, 73. 6d . 10s. 61., 12s. 61. 2301b5. ; Pig Food, 1: 7s. 6d. and Poultry Ideal, Bs. and 13s. per 2001bs, ROCHE AND CO.. 15, Goree piazzas, Liverpool. Mention paper. Heavy t vtze Fat Licece re?, rillh to dnenity, ; Bankers qn iit t m reference.—J. Comm, Poultry balesinan, 18 and 20. Cobb it , §pitaliields, London.

ALBION,. The best all-round yowl in Hu gland. V splendid Winter layer of brown eggs, very hardy and grand table biros. Riggs 3s. 6d. doz.—DEWINTorr, Abbots Lodge, Near Gloucester.

MIGUS from thoroughbreri WYASDOTTES. Tammage direct strain, Unlimited grass run, Unrealle replaced. Layed all winter. Ss. •itting, ;UMW reference.— EVERY, Worthen, near dhrewsbury.

NA, 0, I.IVISRY TIMB SUB YiN.—Tnis grand atraiu BUFF V ORPINGTON6 ; pure colour ; ,me pen only few sittings to spare, ds. 6d., seleete.l 7s. 6d,—Jots, Orpington Breeder, Yardley Yields, Birmingham.

VtiGS from massive well-barred P.AMOUTtIi ROCKS; _EI Pennington and nlater's strain; excellent winter layers unlimlted ranee; crompt despateh ; 30.6 d. dozen. uniertile replaced.:7—Fmtn K•Y. Mytton, Whalley.

B UFF W YANDOITIId ; guaranteed pure stratu ; wipners lu pen birds ; will grow to nibs. weight sure winning quality ta. 6d. sitting, selected 71. 61. - JONES, Poultry Breeder, Yardley, Birmingham.

G S and Day-old CIIIOICHNS from "elected Layers,. IN-cording nests only used ; White Wyandotte", White Leghorns. and Buff Orpmgtons ; liggs ss. doz., unfertiles replaced ; Chickens. 10s. 6d. doz ; Printed list on applies- tion.—REcroa, Weston Rectory, Shifnal. ▪ NCUBATORS. —The • Gem ' hatches up to 10J per cent. ▪ bee Testimonials. The • Gem' Rear,r is a perfect Pottermother, giving a good account of every Chick, and is prenahly the most satisfactory one made. Catalogue, Free.—R. S'IZELE, Wormit Works,Duneee.

62PISCIAL kibIDUCTION TO CLUlAti.—lndian tiame,Hun- -10 ter and Hasall's direct, Pullets (laying). 51., Cockerels from 7s. 6d. ; also few grand Partridge Wyandotte, Armstrong's best, ss. and 75.; Buff Orpingtons, Cook's same price; Biggs from evil variety ss. and 36. scl.—.lkcififoN. fdaeskury. Oswestry.

POULTRY riOUSHB and RUNS, in sections o-rnplete from 21s. ; Dog KennOs from 6s. 6d. each ; Pigeon Houses tom 15s. ; Dog Howes end Runs from 25.. ; Collie Kennels and Platform. 12s. 6d. ; Breeding Kennels from 60s. ; Rooting Felt, fis. 6d. per roll ; 6 rolls, 201.—aMiTH AND Co., Sectional Builders, 66. Seel it., Liverpool.

WANTI4I) Collection or Loose Pi/STAG k S TAMPS, senc full particulars, HEATH, Victoria Park, Manchester. WANTBD.-011 colour prints, engravings, water-colour drawings, &C.—BRADLEY, 88 Hanover at.. Liverpool.

30 /- :Tttex,"seY..—,,7,BNo.lnNGwrite.PLHOßYcitlieNTamorffe:oreeg envelope.-3ecnaTARY,(l79), St. Leonard., Southend, Essex. y AUNDRY.—WA.NTBD, first-edaas ISONVIRS, fancy and .1J plain ; good wages ; referencee.—Appl., SECRRTARY, Nnrth Wales Laundry Co., Ltd., LI wad rl 110-yn-11110 Colwyn Bay.

lIAVE you any o'd Wee teeth, gold or ellver to lea ? If BO send same LO the RELIANCE :HETI; MART, 1, Derby Villas, Upper Lloyd it.. Manchester. Best prices given. Money by return.

-DERSONS WA.NTBD.—Agents wanted In2mediately In I this district for guick.selting article, 30s. and com- mission to energetic workers. PHENOSOL LTD., Prussia Street, Liverpool.

GoVRRNES9 STUDISINT, WANTIM at once; also Com- panion pupil for girl of seven. Bosrd residence and leesona • prep. for exams.—kpply PRINCIPAL,OirI's Oolleglate School. 'Wh/tchurch. Salop.

TRAVIILLHFIS who are calling on pawnbrokers in any it part of cruntry, wanted to represent old-established firm of pawnbrokers, printers, on commission.—ROßlNSOlCS, Printers. Nelson, Lancashire.

MILK.—Hood DARIHS WANT-H-15-; cans provided if .1.31 required.— LaNCLNHIRE HYGIENIC DAIRIES, LTD., chief offices 65 to 85 Mulberry it., Huime, Manchester, Largest firm of dairymen in

A DOPTION HO5llll WANTHEI for heaithy girl fPw sweel‘s and girl few months old. No premium nor pay- ment References exchanged. Complete surrender..... WHISHA w, forrlitriave, airnforth,

WANTBD, IiVISRY,..NB TO KNOW that littantem, the up-to-late Ladles' and Gents' practical Tailors will open the shop No. 33 Winwicic it. (near Central Station) In a few days ; 2s. In the E dlsconnt for cash.

VITANIBD a strong. active YOUNG MAN for Oreenhoos—e Work and with some knowledge of market gardening ; good character Indispensable ; Wesleyan preferred ; live in. —7ENNINGs, Nurseryman, slobbetley, Cheshire.

WANTBD IN TOWN and village In the King- dom. SIIHRGATIC REPRI3Siii% TATIVE3 to intro- duce the NEW PATENT MAGNETIC DUMB-BELL. Particular* from the MAGNETIC DUMB-BELL COMP•.Y, 37, Port atreet, Manchester.

rI'URN YOUR SPARS TIMES INTO MONNY. In four 1. years I have paid to snare time nente. £112,65b 195 9d. Commission. " I provide everything.' Write for particulars of Agency.—J. G. Olitayse,Agenoy Dept.,The World's Supply Warehowse, Sheffield.

yWING LADIHS THAINHD TN COOKING and House- hold work for profession. Brnployment found for 11l passing the Examinations Fees according to training required.—Apply for full particulars to t e C6ITJ6, The Arachne Club, 60, Russell bquare, London, W. C.

How to Bnamel your Ms+ ayo' (without stovinir) for a few pence Splendid results. secret Recipe Is.—W•no. 39 Roseville Terrace Leeds.

BTPOI OIIDOIR BHAUTT.—Write for Mrs. Adrian's advice on Beauty ;ii. Id. post free. Only Maker of the famous Madrid Cream —Mrs. ADRIAN, 30 New Bond at.. London, W. And Madrid, a pain.

199 RLLH& THRRY Bays : • Tanfield's Toffee Is dello!. -Ili °LIB. You will like It. Sample box poet free for 4d.. Bd,. or le. sd. in stamps—B. TANFIELD, Royal London Buildings Stockton-on-Tees.

'MALL TRADSKS' GUIUIII TO SIJOCISSia.—A. clever 1.3 publication thowing how small buithiesses may be developed without capital ; poet free on receipt of P.O. 18.6 d. —PrimlBHaa,32, Chnumert rd., Peckham, London.

VOTHING SUCCINDS SUCCHS.i.—II. C...lculfttlog 115.3hine Ii pftylog 2s. weekly profit, for every El Invostei. Don't &ley to join the wool thing. Write penny poiteard Mco WALL. B.oosteinile. Amster(lq.m.

T INCOINSHIR4 AND GRAND NATION‘L.—I bwe 1) reliable and exclusive informatiOn concerning two horse. or above events. Writs at once enclosing P. 0., 21. 6d.—D. 11ANuvrox, 185 A Virttliefisld rd., Purston, Pmte- fraet,

TURKISH DHLIGHT.—(4 delicious sweetmeat.) Samoi—e 1 (llb. box). mrringe pdd, on receipt 31. (2-71bs., 5.. 64.); 10..) (8-71bs • 17s, 61.) (16 325.) net.—G. J. BLYDE, Works, 267, New Cross rd., London. S.N.

STROLOGY—FUTURII IVNNT3 Marriage, Partner Pt described. Children, Journeys. Legacies, Changes. Bminess Success, Speculation, Ruling Planet, &c.—S..nd Birth Date, 6 stamps. Stamped Hayelope.—Hr. ALvA, 311. a. Howe street, Edinburgh.

POCKIFiT CHART of Waltz and Reverse, full Instructions, mounted IlnAn, State lady or gentleman. " Pocket Guide to cluare Danc-al." 'rd. the two. Vacancy Articled Pupil. Fancy Dances for Teacherc—HILDEBLER. 48 Benthal rd., Stoke Newington.

ROOTS 2s A PAIR, selected by yourself at your own bootroaker's, by new moto4l supply system; thousands already satisfied. Any other goods on same system.—Parti- oulars. stamped addressed envelope.—Mr. ANDEFOON. 49 Bronson rd., Merton, London, S.W.

QUPHRFLUOUS MAlli.—Perfeotatt Illeetrolyet• (by Mr. 13 Parke' invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity tor permanent destruction. The only metnod which never disappoints By appointment only.—Etamped envelope to Mr. ROBFRT J. FARICF.S, 2, Church it., Southport.

/9 plihtiotoßiva:piTG Caonlodurmedouteinitneittuirne,ceizonited any Brooch or Pendant ; post free. 16.9 d. State complexion and colour of hair, an i send photo which will be returned uninjured to BakiTolf & Co.. 232, High at., Hariesden. London, 1L W.

WINTER IS NOW HERE.—Secure one of our PF6MOUG Men's Double-breasted Blue Pilot Cloth liatimiti JACKliag. Seal-lined throughout, Large Hare Pocket, guaranteed value, 10a 63. Selling in hundre4e. Chest fdearurement svith Order. Money returned If not satisfactory. SOALLON, THE PEOPLE'S OLOTdIER, 28 and 30. SHIELDS ROAD, NRWOASTLH

THO'd YOUR LAWYER ? I haven't required one since I bought of Crosby Lockwood & Son, 7 Stationers' Man Court. London. ILO. FL Copy of ' 111.71017 MAN'S OWN LAWYER by A. BARRISTER, price 6s. Bd. net, which has been repaid 21 times in the saving of Lawyers' fees. New and Revised Edition (1906) just published.

qs A y iVIAOBSL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED. POST FERE 2s. Bd., 38., 4s. 6D., AED ss. BD J. O. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

MR ARMALADE CUTTER FO HIRE. WILLIAM Baswick, Buttermarket it., Warrington. DOSTOARDS.—TweI7e new 2d. glony Actresses, post free, ls.—Purammian Co., Glenfield. Leicester

100 BIWA-I/I[lW. Cards or Memo Is. id.. samples free.—ltmsr, Printer Wimborne, Dorset. IIIiPPIELD PLATE. old prints for sale and svauted.—OrrarßEsterraw. 5 John Dalton at. lierebeater

AURELS FOR IiBLHISS, Screens. shrubberies; strong ; feet, 2s. 6d. dozen.—T.s.itmt 3; 'ransoms, Stevenage. f ADY WISHES SELL CASS Silver-monneed CARVIDIS, J... 4 10s. ; tHrgain —Ww3oN, 40, St. Luke's rd., Clapham. DAINtY WIVIIS delight is shining linen. They use Holding's Tnblet, 4d. CRINICIDILTed LTD., Accrington.

ADIKS. A. Wonderful Offer-300 black cashmere Dress .1.4 lengths, 6 yards each. 10a. 6d., Carriage paid ; send to-day,—BEISNETT, The Drapery, Northampton. 2/6 • .13r:;?,rnsdbideactirtvItsotalr11311:1-florlodoolipi;lnaf,parsessoerntte.d sgnzerrailth BARKER, Jewellery Importer, Dronfield, Sheffield.

66 uOW TO VIALS ANIMAL'S BIEHM, Wm," practical entrancing book, including "Trapping and Fish- ing," Is. 14.—Huogna, 105, Michales, Shrewsbury. SOOTOH TWEEDS and Hosiery. Suitings, Costumes, Underwear at milt prices. Write for free patterns.— Hamm TWEED & 80811ERY Co., Dovemount, Hawick.

WALL PAMIR from 20. to 9d. per BOlL—Patterns post tree for penny camp (paper Carriage paid).— DIIXBERRY & Bott, Central Buildings. Lancaster rd , London, N.

THISBE'S MOSBY IS FL—Remnants by weight; 1 experience unnecessary ; send stamp for catalogue: oldest est..bliehed.—CloMlßLNE'S WAREHouBE, Regent rd., tialford, Manchester.

L_ _ ADY mad $ ell lovely 18-earat gold-lilled Bracelet, chased curb design: Duplicate Wedding Present with warranty ; sacrifice, 81. 6d. Approval wllllngly.--BuyE. Stanle) Terrace, Leicester.

SPECIAL STRONG TRUSdHS for working men, single 2s. 9d., double 4s. 3d., post free.—Send P.O. and correct measurement to VETTLIC, Truss and Rubber Specialist, la, Upper Tooting rd., London.

50 BitiGuAbiLleoTtlsF U 11:. P 3 dI C. T Oent I VutTuTiClitureSenEddiff• cer:sh with order ; genuinA offer.—BLlE AND WiCaT OF ENGLAND PO3TCARD Combo Down. Bath.

CHAPPED HINDS. eiIIAPOLINE CURES abselately painlessly and with °ar- k} tainty,glylng Immediate relief. le. poet free.-- CHAPOLINIL CO Bridgewater Chemical Werke, Wigan. PICTURE POSTCARDS. n_RAND QUALITY, sample 15 (Actresses &e.) Bd. stamps. kir Pull list free.--BELL & Co., 88, Harcourt Avenue, Manor Park. London. H.

. - %1V HITH BUTTIIIi PAPlin 12s. 6d. per cwt. Grease Proof. 225. ; Cheese Parier. 10s. cap Paper from 6d. ; Sweet Bags, loz. Cups. 64d. 1,000. Losawonve6, Oak at., Thomas at.. Manchester. _ WEI MATCH a speclalily of PIOTURS POSTCARDS In Colours and half-tone from customers own photo- graphs. If xceptlonal offers to Pnographers and dealers ; send for Speol meas. —BRITISH PHOTO-ENGRAVING CO., 1, Vicar lane, Coventry.

NVIRV NAILS (Mixed). 81. per cwt. 281135. 2s. 33.; 'crew.. mixed, 2.85. per cwt. 281bs 7e. 63.; Wire, Cut, Wrought, and Malleable Nails Tacks, Rivets, eto•, eta., wholesale prices.—MIDLAND fiAIL WortHil, 25 and 26,1 tea Brimingharn, JOHN FYNE. Proprietor.

CHARM:IL BOLT Stall affords absolute s...curity against thieves and fire. New in principle and construotion.—Write for particulars, with address of nearePt agent (where one can be inspected). to PHILLIPS PC dots, Manufacturers, Sher Portia et., Birmingham.

rro BB SOLLL—Farnworth, near With:mi.—The extensive 1_ Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Sui.able for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HOOKING, 18, Fenwick street, Liverpool.

ROMANTIC WALKS, Capital Modern apartment home at Barmouth situate oboe to lea, promenade and station. In close proximity to best scenery and commanding mountain views. Contains 1? rooms, bathroom, kitchen. W.O. Rent £45.—H. BLAva. House and Estate Agent, Harmouth.

poD loNn 8A It& sßutiotnaA I Butter Vnlife,2lSinakeri Q /6 .- rlvlerklATe°aßs Spom and Tongs, warranted unsffetted by Food Acid., wear white like silver, 3s. 6d. honest value. liiplendid set Larll4' Tortoisbell Dress Combs, florsl decoration in blue and gold. Money returneu if not approved.--11XPREaa 6UPPLY 00., 24, Kyrwleks lane Sparkbrook, Blrrnitudiftin.

Pfilßllßo..—Uash with order, poet tree ; quaes good quality note paper, printed address and 120 envelopes, initial punted on flap, 2s. 3d. ; 500 blilheads or memos,43.9d; 50J business earki, 4s. 9d. ; 100 gents' V. cards. ls 3d. ; 100 ladles' ditto, 21. 3a. ; 5,000 butoter's dockets. 91. ; 250 post- nerds, 3e. 9d. ; laundry lists. dc. ; all printing cheap ; paper bags plain or printed; inquiries Invited ; name paper.— Btortaanscus & Co.. P.per Bag Merchants, Queensland Printing Works, Southampton,

46MA; RIBIONIAL MARS," the best and quickest introduotcry medium for all desiring a matrimonial alliance; price 6d., in sealed envelope.—address Rumor; BOWL Radford, 5, Featherstone Buildings, Holborn, W.

BED POTATORS.--ticotch. Cumberlain, and Lancashire L 7 grown ; early and late varieties a speciality.—Armussms, Potato Merchant, Preston. Held Offi.o9, Plumpton, Penrith. listab. 1830.

SNDSD POTATOBS.—Scotch and Lancashire grown, Dukes of York, bir John Lieweilyn,Sutton's Itegents,Conquest, einowdrops,Britisti Queen, rector, Dates, dc.—Apply SYKES, potato merchant, Preston.

DOTA.lol3B.—Plant ccotch grown seed,double your crops. Dahnony Heroes, Scottish Triumphs, Dates, British Queens, Langworthy's Northern stars for sale, price 3s. a cwt., free on rail.—T. DEWLE, Auchterarder. llnguirfei solicited for all kinds.

LIVERY LOVER OF GARDENING should possess our 1.4 book" ALL ABOUT TRH FINEST VEGETABLES /I FLOWERS." It will be sent gratis and post paid on receipt of postcard asking for same.—Tak ST. ALBANS X.L. All Seed Co., Ltd., 31. Alma road, St. +Mans.

SCOTOR SEED POTATOES. 1906.—Llewellyne, erly Regents, Epicures, Bountiful, lfrltih Queens, Abund- ance, Conquests, Warrlors,Factors, Royal Kidneys, Daimeny Beauties, Dates, niumphs. Evergoods, Langworthy, For prices and list, apply CONDYCH, Oldham rd., Potato Market, Manchester. Established 1853.

II OMK-GROWN SHED.—Por Is. Postal Order I will send ball oz. of each Onion, Permit, Carrot. Turnip,Cabbage, a 2d. packet of Brocoll, Cauliflower. Kale, Savoy. Tomatoes, and six packets Flower seeds. Half rint Harly Peas. Carriage paid for Is. 40.—H. B. Waßnirr,Hardener Isebrook. Avenue rd., Weymouth.

PREVENTS COUGHS CHILLS AND ATTENDANT ILLS. T 0 W LE'S CFILORODYNE TOWLE S CHLORODYNE r WLE'S CH LORODYNE 500111 53 COMFORTS RBLIRVHS AND CURES,

ARNOLD & LEWIS. ARE OFFERING THE WHOLE OF THEIR LARGE AND VARIED ETOCIC OF JEWELLERY, PLATE, WATCIFIES, &c., AT A DISCOUNT OF 351 PER CENT. EXPIHATION OF LHAI3II. As THE LEA BE )(EPIRUS IN MARCH NEXT. THE WHOLE OF THE STOCK MUST BE CLEARED BY THEN. 7, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

Ebt "Orainin e r " *tries 'pig "(ARRINGTON AND HID-CHESHIRE EXAMINEE, limbed every Saturday morning. THE NUNCGRN BEAMINER, published very Friday after noon. It lithe best weekly paper ii the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Adver timers. THE WIDNES lIIXAMINER, published every Friday after 1 noon. Wiones contains the largest number of chemlaa works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly grow log centre of industry. ffiHK HARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAJMINEB, published every Friday afternoom. MILS ST. HELENS BS/AMER. Dlibillnea every Friday 1. afternoon. PREPAID ADVERTISEYIENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. /LOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES Lowe. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three RIK Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 64

THE EXAMINER. PdARO/1 3rd 1906.

FOUND • THAT F IR QUALITY & VALUE /I,T WINES & SPIRITS FUTON BROS. CAqsOT SE BEATEN. FULTON BROS. 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALen AT VULTON'S BUILDING 3, noodoxr,R. Telephone 2261 10ent, Llverp.lol.

The • 0 1 Its warmth and sunshine is eornish within the reach of all . Riviera. classes. . e • • Express Services from all Parts. DINING CARS. CHEAP FARES. Fast and Luxurious Trains with every" Modern Convenience. By enclosing 3d. to the Superintendent of the line, Paddington .Station, W., you will receive the new and enlarged edition of the unrivalled travel book, ' The Cornish Rigiera," its first issue being a quarter of a million copies. G • W. 13 • _ JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager.

For fine troußysi Flay)our. e''`. • choose e 4 ' vim co eOA

C\l\V 0-3 • The Mainstay of Life.fr ' 30 TIMES MORE NUTRITIOUS THAN MILK. RICH IN ASSIMILABLE k PHOSPHATES. - Unequalled for busy people as well as for growing children. All those whose work is long and arduous, taxing Body and Brain to breaking point, need to be thoroughly nour- ished—PLASAlON does this. Packets 9d., 111, 596. - •

~,, -•• f...„,, . , =,_l. 1,...4.4 4 t ...410•::..A.45 f iire , _ ..,•-- -1 1 Ott I la 1r ''' . ' ' - ''''^-1, I' • 14 ....,. i at v '44 e ...,1...,. 4 •t 0 SP „.... 11 [ WULS lON •i, ,• , , ~... . , ~... r: "1.• „ „ 0, , .otitom. t,l 0 -. 1. ' 40 ' 4. ...c.el. Angier's Emulsion is the remedy above all others for building up puny, LI, Tr. delicate children. It is a soothing, healing tonic that promotes appetite, aids digestion and builds up strength. Every ingredient is beneficial and . ,•' A 1 aosolutely safe even for the most feeble infant. Bland and pleasant— almost like cream—all children like it and take it with real pleasure when 0 .. they will not touch other medicines. The medical profession prescribe I ' ' 1,1 • Angier's Emulsion for coughs and colds, whooping cough, scrofula, rickets, malnutrition, and for all wasting diseases. Of Chemists r/ri 2/9 and 4/6. A FREE SAM Fi'LE I f, 71::. lie: on receipt of 3d. for postage. Mention this paper. THE ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., Ld., 32 Snow Hill, LONDON, E.G. l'• 'rati;,...*;',/:*.z..7114kv.740.0.c:-.44.1--#,,,t4-.'*',,kt:',*•;,74N”.vi....4..,,N 1... -0., _ •,,... ' •••• ...,-•• ,••., -• ,-

FENNlNcsc)oPrevnvuier 5 LDRENSs coollng and p Soothing owp [Rs during Teething. Of all Chemists, Gt OW'S, Stores, &C., Boxes 1/1k and 2/9

LADIESa-BEWARE! FROST. cow WINDS & HARD WATER Ivill soon spoil your SKIN AND COMPLEXION. 40, .• BEETHAM'S /9 Regg/Crir li. however, a Sure Bafeguard against their 11l effects. A little used alter washing will KEEP THE SKIN SOFT AND SMOOTH ALL THE YEAR ROUND. Bath.: is., 20. 6d. c/all Chemists Store:. 6 M. Beetham & Son. Cheltenham. A

i .1. a• / /•• ..... / ~,;,,,A a iii ~r. 4 r. . .1441.1". ' '-r------6---' ---1-4; Lir- -it-6r ..,40,....... _ 4,••••-. .... TliE,o 7, % '-‘7.,,,. . r a 1 'tr. ', aFt.• ?.IZ.i.*--•-', 1., • • --, ,:.''', 's':' :' 1 . . '' ~ ' .:fr, ~- 40 1, 7,; - v ti .` "". z., ',•,'` ..„- 0 ,' ~,,:, ' • • , .-: , , .. - "'• a ....5::.45r, • • ~1 '`.l. `, 4 . -. ...- It'',E4''''''. .:', .a . `-°,4e.';•-•4lZoSft.r,, 4614-...„............19a.... ',‘ '4 - - • ''., ' -‘• 1.....= l't. • ..;*•Z' .g‘ .G-- A 1-..a1ia1i,',;","&•ggr,,,.... , , d. . tlr. " ' Uncle He . \ ...4" ',- , U•N",",i.,,.,,, ' ektVir --v_ 4.- II _, ' Qir," ~,,-.- ta_.. -a'''-.'r # <,,,,, - it,. x.. 111 ~.,--,t,.--,-,,-,..... d , , ;-.• , '', 1(..#1, -- 1 _ k•ex;.-. : 1 I. it , ...,- .. \ # , / -PI tieb,......,. Ilk -,, Como, r ,

.... . _ tA _ , At .4 ' ~;' E 1 ..) " Charecterkseti by -an excellent rich proportion of nitrogenous loud substgoces."—THE LANCCT So Years Established Reputatioa ,1, .• i -"e'l +. . t. '6 , • i illri. ,•1 :Al', .1/0 • / OUP '4 :P.a. . I a.

- -0, st'sm"Th,cJr---_-;.; r-O"'N r 0 - -2.-1 'lll igi 6.--.r_,•..-- -,, ~I _ , ..,,,t..." • A - , -'.-- Cti:Nrf =------,"" N • \e. *. --- ' -,t'Vr. 4:4 '''''' -•-; , ,L•arl. i' 1 .1 41 •„: '''‘ ..-maier . • ;..i..ii..!.: \ ,:., -,c,,...,!, ,',:', 602' , ' PERHAPS / .• You are not acquainted with the •• delicious flavor of -' MASON'S ESSENCE OP . • COFFEE & CHICORY !. , : in which case we shall be pleased to , send you a free sample upon receipt of a Pictorial Postcard addressed to ' NEWBALL & MASON, NOTTINOHAM. •

0 0 ROVES • 12RERD 0 0 Makes Makes Strong Soya and Girls. Sound and Good Tooth.

j 'lltoco are rryd MILK -14 "Wiphesi Sgnuard of' •

r. "IT IS MILE TO •' ' F SUPPORT LlFE'''. , , • —Lancet* . ONE CUP OF N I\oo, COCOA contains more nourishment . , than 10 cups of any ordinary cocoa, and is absolutely jr4l from chemicals. NOURISBES, WARMS, STRENGLITENS

RUGBY FOOTBALL. _- rpHR appearance of that unique little " Diary and JL Companion "issued by GEO. G. BUSSBY & GO., for the use of Cricketers (which may be obtained from Sports Dealers, Booksellers, or Railway Bookstalls for 6d•), reminds us of the coming season, in anticipation of which GEO. G. BUSAITY & Co., have prepared a" recard " stock of Bats. We are told that the timber they hold for Bat making alone exceeds 1,000 tons. " Glorious Cricket follows the British nag everywhere."

Goddard96' - Plate 4 • Powder far Cie a n Silver:Eleetro Mak?, icrld everywhere II; 2/6 a. 416.

0 ,--10.3,,,uFAc TuRERs opoboi, RUBBER STAMPS,: TYPE, &c. -LE.PHONE NO. 5° C,'S• 1/41( 1.1 Ckk NER ST MN

TRH BEST FAMILY memoTRE. "FAYE'S WORDSELL'S PILLS AREA CERTAIN CURS for Indigestion, Biliousness, Headache Dyspepsia. Constipation. Liver and Kidney Complaints, /so For Lsdies of all ages they are invaluable. Of all Chemists, is. Id., 21. 9d., and 4s. 6d. per box, or post free on recPipt of stamps to Dep6t, I.?. Ed. George street, Norwich. Sample free box will be sent on receiving name, address, and Id. stamp (to cover return posta.te). Mention paper. PepBt, 13, Sl'. (+HONOR STROIT, NORWICH.

AS SUPPLIED FOR Ovsslt HALF A ORNTURY TO THR ARMY AND NAVY. Buy from Sberbeen Club the Highlands d ireot. C and W. STRWART, Scotch Whisky. Adelphl, Aberdeen. Bole Proprietors. Founded 1832. as. per Doz., carriage paid. Twa Sample Bottles, by post, 6., led. EXORLLIINT FLAVOUR AND HONOR'', AND IN A THOROUGHLY SOUND CONDWON FOR CONSUMPTION.' (Signed) J. DRS.NT-STEPHEN, Ph.D. Agencies Upon.

-;)) 6- -A - - 4- 01fr- QR k risTAti • BY USING •ci YPIINGTOKS

Et•tivaußom COFFEE Lf...SSENCE.

THIS IS AN ADVERTISE- MENT FOR OUR TZA, BUT THE BEt3T ADVERTISEMENT FOR OUR TEA IS OUR TEA. 5-lbs. DELIVERED FREE FOR 8/4. THE COLONIAL ESTATES l'Elt CO., • 18 MINCING LANE, LONDON, RP.

, 2Z A FAMILY _ DOCTOR FOR , EVERY DISEASE, By the Natural Method of Healing. 1/ million copies sold. It appeals to every one taking interest in his health and strength. It gives full information on the symptoms and causes of about 3000 diseases, and how all can be treated successfully and very often prevented. 2 volumes, 2074 pages of test, 715 illus- trations, 30 coloured plates, and 10 adjustable models of the human boil'. Price, nett cash, 250-; or 30/- to bo paid, viz., 5/- on delivery, and the remainder in 5 equal monthly payments. A. BILZ & CO., 27 Chancery Lane, London, W.C. Thousands of patients owe their full recovery to the Work. Prospectus Free. ANENTS WANTED ETEETWEERE.

YCUMAVEASILY BECOME ENTITLID io £lOO

..• • ./?=1- 6....../.., -.= .5,.. ....• ~/9 , •,-, •- , , ///) t,• N%-,......._••• , '.. -• ~,-..e.• , 4....) ''‘........5..\ le're-,1 .......,_ ......L.A. 4 Before you purchase. . . s? ~V E NP/A„„v- THAT NEW MOUNT aj i ---,-... we ask you to consider the claims of the Royal Enfield. Distinctiveness is the keynote of these machines, and e.,"2 Y they embody many exclusive features which will add to s'44.— -". 16 your enjoyment of the pastime. There are forty-two models ranging in price from .f. 16 16 0 to .4.8 8 O. Avjiim The celebrated girder frame which has been proved to AVAlk` I I withstand a strain fifty per cent greater than the Diamond is embodied in all models from SJO 10 0 upwards. Art Booklet free on application to any of the under- \Wl mentioned cycle agents who have always the latest < models on view : Vne &R et gents-- Warrington, BELLIAN DAVII S,Sankey St. St. Helens, J. S. kIeLEAN, 51 Duke St 7 e Like t''' Urmston, W. TAYLOR, Flixton Road. Cadishead, G. LEE, 197, Liverpool Road. Leigh, W. H. PENNINGTON a SONS. hi .

' PATRUIUSI3I BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, ETC. .; ' r ALWAYS 01N VIEW . FURNISH AT ' 30 " SPECIMEN " FURNISHED ROOMS 3) • MllO AIMM OW 7 at 7, 12, 16, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 55, 60, 65, 70, tip to 125 guineas each. Everything NEW,tasteful and durable. PHOTOS and price detail FREE. LONDON ROAD, Manchester. -- PITTS'S NEW FURNISHING GUIDE . • C IDEBOARDS (NEW).—In Walnut, Oak and k Is a -veritable Boon to all about Mahogany at £4 45., £5 55., and £6 65.; others to Furnish, as it contains 800 Artistic larger, £7 70., £8 Bs., £9 05.' £lO 10s, Quaint Oak Designs, priced, also fall particulars of Sideboard, £l2 12s. Quaint Walnut (copper handles) PITTS'S FAR-FAMED ROM OF FURNITURE, £ll 11s. Oft., Walnut and Oak, £l4 145., £l5 155., and at 154. 22}, 281, 381, 50, 75, 100, 200, and £l6 Hs. to £24. 7ft., Bow Front, very ornately 310 Guineas, which represent great carved, in Oak and Walnut, £24 10s., £25 10s., and saving. £26 10s. each. Massive Pollard Oak, £29, £33 10s., GRATIS, POST FREE. t, and £37 10a. A hundred others at all prices. Over- Cash Quotations only. ' mantel, Coal Vases, Dinner Wagons to match any Easy Payments 10 pe.r cent. extra. • . suite. Dining Tables in Walnut, Oak and Mahogany, ' ' . '. • up to 20ft., at much UNDER usual prices. - BASSINETTES MAILCARTS, INSPECTION INVITED TO BUY OR NOT. AND TROLLY CARS. A VISIT MAY SAVE YOU POUNDS. 50 Priced Designs Post Free.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES ! ! 59, Mount-street, Northwood, Hanley, Staffs, Jan. 6th, 1905. Dear Sir,—My wife suffered from Rheumatism for a long time, and could get no relief. She was a patient at the North Staffordshire Infirmary, but got worse,and could not walk without crutches. I hearu about your Pills from a friend, and bought a small bottle. AFTER THE SECOND DOSE SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES, and was completely cured in a week. After spending pounds your pills cured her at a cost of 2s. 3d. I shall recom- mend your pills to everyone I know, and you can make the best use of this as a testimonial if it pleases you to do so. Yours truly, GEORGE WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. 12d. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. EADE'S GOUT 8c RJ

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY BADE'S PILLS. "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS I!" Mona Cottages, Coalville, Leicestershire, June 4th, 1904. Dear Sir,—l thank you for the good I have received from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two months ago and tried almost everything, but got no better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that AFTER TAKING THEM FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CURED Iwas so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs Being a miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks to your Pills I have never felt the least pain since. I recommend them to everybody myself. Yours gratefnßy, JAMES 'WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all 3urious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold eVeryw here in Bottles, Is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, Lqpdon. _ FIEUMATIC PILLS.

Z77e. World's friedicke for Weak Slomcrc& Jnvoaired .7qactive Liver, aqd all _aillous old Xervous _D is orders. EC HAM'S ' EDI Li, Ligt or. • • r A few doses of BEECHAIVI'S PILLS act thoroughly upon the vital organs. They cleanse, strengthen and restore the system to a healthy condition. They drive all Im- purities from the blood and rid the stomach and bowels of poisonous gases. They give tone to the digestive organs and enable the food properly to assimilate. Appetite returns and sleep is sound and refreshing. BEECHAM'S PILLS do all this without the aid of any other medicine. They have a great sale because they make great cures. They cure because they are a great medicine. They recommend themselves. You will recommend them after use.

BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED LAUNDRY Cakl4:erg„ AND DAIRY potAyl.ix MACHINERY THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140.142, High Holborn, London; DO, Bold Street, Liverpool; Victoria Avenue, Manchester: Crescent Iron Works, Salford.

• • KEATING,s • • .• LOZENGES EASILY CURE • •:.‘ THE WORST COUGH. One gives relief. An increasing sale Of over Bo years is a certain test of their .. value. Sold in Tins 144. each. , 1200 21,011112 WOOD LAMM oz011327"13 C711"011.28. Bend £1 depoait and /of- , ward you, uarriagu paid, a fully jraiklre,Wo, guaranteed lugh grade Robin . 4, Rood Bicycle, Westwood rims, rue-lose spokes. clincher Atlas tyres, free wheel, inverted rfua bsakes. Best plating enamelled black. Bend a farther payment of £5 15a. on receipt of seine, or 21a. per month for 6 months. Catatogne free of Premiere, 'lumbers, James. Ste. llasti or easy tAt ...11LS —FII4IO FIT., 1.1,1., RtoorflefllOUth

E-'IIAZIEWOOO g""" 18113. CYCLES: liightst Grade. From iS Ss. CVOff oor Trait, Mar.'s , .i- -ensutes ' Tile Best Value Perfection. •14 • Caolorws Fret. • to ....oft 4rhligY. 0119 Lgent Om District." Wile massing yaw Cycle for 1906, sand to cro to: tie none dors tleirost iron:, and ore wino/tor for you/ rogwozants. H AZLEINOO DS, Ltd., Coventry. A far matted when, not ma...anted .

Ii a wonderful water proof for BOOTS & HARNESS. sof- tens and preserves the leather Dales' Pleasant odour allow polish lug with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGH RSI AWARDS. Dubbin fixs ad.. eui.,l,- &2/6 ot itooi Makers, Saddlers, Ironmemerri 60c. Manufactory East Dulwich London

Os "WM , • '-- , ED 13 N 11 . , ~. .--: Ac b .. . „who Conipoill 6sscace illsgeb . OF i‹ ..7') 1 ' •it . .A 1 , I , •, ~ ,"W' , .:•._ ' . ..f VefouGHS . . .P..141)e01.1.0 S, ,:._ -- . it*l.i., ASTHMA BRONCHITIS , .., , '4',,,i; , -! *lt:74 , i '' . ''' -.421 _

_ YEARS ~ROYEN.:EFFICACY. • - ..k AN Eveß ReADY.,HOUSEHOLD,REMEDY: r'LOOSEN.5_,poneoN. ALLAYS coucke. GIYES/IMMEDLATE.RELIEP.

Gra Pioihone is found in Best • -1.0-141 • CAMP DOME GRANDPRIZE PA815610 £1.1911151204 A Customer has /list written in to ors as follows "It is now over .our years since you sent me one of your machines, and during that time it must have on over my records I mu y say thousands of times, and it still is in perfect condition. The Reproducer, however, from continued wear needs looking to. and I herewith enclose it." A drop of Seccofine fixed the Reproducer. The machine was one of our lowest.priced models. But no matter what you pay When you buy COLUMBIA Machines you get the full worth of your money. Improved " Lyric-Reproducer" models just out. Sweetest tone. Surerbly constructed. Send fiostcard for" Price Book 20 Yorfull information ata latest list of Records. COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH COMPANY. Gen'', 89, Great Eastern St., London, E.C. 200, Oxford St., W. Glasgow: 50, Union St. Cardiff: 96, St. Mary St. DEALERS IN EVERY TOWN.

Dis jo.)1 CUSTA_r%D pawrom Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Cuestaurci is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO ECUS ! NO RISK I NO TROUBLE!
