===== 0002601_19060915_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
t,,, ...,. Nt, ' .",:"'? .4;-; 1, ;.', ' ."'..i.,;'-vi.'.°' ' t(,.': , ',e , -,,tt. • .„ ^^4.::,: s., ~ -t- --,. -,- --, ,- . ' ' •i. -4 ~,, t,- - . ---,1 - . I \ • • , . . , . • . , . • • , il, / - , . ik • ME ) \Vat- il i LX L nir . 'lolll' „le. enter ~„, . - -1 ,e of . IP ies of ficent ndaV, vhicl. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 155 1906. len& By Posq I 754 per Quarter Cs ocir _ear as 93 per Quarter ONE PENNY 'SE WYCLIFFE CHURCH BEWSEY STREET, d WARRINGTON MALE s SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 16vrt. 1906. PREACHER : REV. J YONGE. AT A MOM . ' N nouns 10.30 A.M. 6.30 P.M. I LIVERPOOL MAL -4 g F. (NB—The Services will be held in Wycliffe Hall,) INF LIICt The Church will he Re-opened on Einnelay. September 23rd. 2st: --.. FULL PARTICULARS NEXT WEEK. (ESTA 7 JP' HOPE HOUSE, H ON SUNDAY NEXT. SEPTEMBER 16vst. -EV 4.3ARNE-T.T. ' S FURNITUR re ... BOL D STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, Telepb lb" pretl wARRINGTos Telegrams , ur opera Morning 10.30. Rev. J. MANNING. Evening 6.30. Rev. E. J. GAWNE. ssley, KENT & SON ' Mr. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided. 70, DEAN' ' matio BE WSE Y RWOAADRRI;YG'EriLLEYAN CHURCH, NEW DEPARTMENT matis ILLUSTRITY CAT ,RE ON SUNDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 16va 1906. Morning 10.31 Rev. SIDNEY PITT. Evening 6.30. Rev. WILLIAM MELLOR. , All welcome. Hymn Books provided, HAT ' COMB ,er oz, COVERLW Fitost 3/6 le 5/6 BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET, HAIR FEUD Pawl . IV. WARRINGTON. T 8 BROW! ,IATION). use. SUNDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER lersr, 1906. I. PREACHER. Rev. ARTHUR BURN, (Little Leigh.) Whilst maintaining their reput9 shall. movxmo. 10.45. EVENING. 6 30. I . resume their thton. EVERYBODY WELCOME. HYMN BOOKS PROV' _JED. THE MIEF WEDNESDAY EVENING SERVICE 8.15 DANCINC JIM on Wednesday, 3tone. , . BAPTIST R CHURCH, LA rIFOD' Warrington. r terms apply SToCSTON ,of the best ifurniture that r- h, . TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) SEPTEMir ft 16TH 1906. , Lonox, Stockt JOHN FRANCIS MATTH' 4f3. Morning 10.30, " Ethics of O' Awfulness." THE M -INGTON resume their Garnetts are determined fr- . Evening 6. "The Bad Old ' eye." DANC or ADULTS on Wednesday, OFFERTORIr 3. October 3rd edge. Stockton-Heath, at 8 p.m. For terms a Jove address,' 1 " COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. ISDUCATIOF COMMITTEE. VOUNT .S BOROUGH on the afternoon The UNIVERSITY EX' ANSION LECTURES on JL of Fi ith inst :—A BANK NOTE. Owner can 6onstruction, up-tr )N. ~ WILL " ROBF%r BROWNING" have ,am/ Jig description to W 3 L COMMENCr os WEDNESDAY, SEPT, 19TR. Central I dice, LUKE TALBOT, Tickets and RVIIaI ases rnay be obtained from Warrir Chief Constable, or to ay. Education Offir-- , J. MOORE MURRAY, M.Sc. Sept r 11th. 1906. Mr. Chiq Inspector Phillips. Sankey str- Jt, d Septetr ,er, 1916. HE/ 7 oin II! Ja En want .., Detectiven object aaccomplished oanits dplisConfidentialhedapplapply to Agent.enry NEW PP .._ d 1:r r. NR "i TAYLOR FUND. lies, NT .0 conscientiously undertakes all personal matters d JL,P with feet and ability.- Address. 68, KELLETT RD., Brixton, present London S W Telegrams " Ilestian, Lond di." d The work done by the late Henry Taylor during _ " . 'us 14 years' residence in Warrington, as Pollee Court 7 OTICE.—I, JOHN TAYLOR, of Padgato - Missionary, in connection with Temperance Work and almost every movement for the relief of distress, and Lane. Padgate, give notice that I WILL NOT BE Seler especially for the good of women and children, is well PONSIBLE FOR ANY DEBTS contracted by my wife known, and deserves recognition er this date, September 13th, 1906. As stated by the Rey J. Hirst at the funeral.his wldo, , F YOU WANT A REAL CHESHIRE RABBIT is left in ill-health and practically destitute. It is proposed to raise a substantial sum to be hive for her benefit. vt. L TRY McDERMOTT, Wholesale Market, Warringtor of the Warrington Banks,at the be paid during September / t, Subscriptions may "Guardian. ..,,8 . JUST BELOW THE AUCTIONEERS. or "Observer' Offices, or at the Central Police Arpley-street. NOTICE. When the list is closed a Meeting of all m. R. T. BROUGH HA'' be called to decide upon the admlnistre REHEARSALS WITH his ' No expenses will be incurred in ral THE WINT' W. H. J. JErnms. A* and HAS A FEW d T. S. STEEL. .l. i E, C. E. CARLETON. 5* _ FOR PART,- WARRINGTON ,TY. BE' Vine FIRST REHEARS' C will be held in the CAIRO F 3DAY St next, SEPTEMBER ,g ne- members will meet t' 4 At 9o' clock the BE HELD IN THE S SOU FEDEF TII- V,' 1' „di, Ho ..6 ..rti COUNCILS. . SCOTT LIDGETT, 7 _ OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL, SEPTEMBER 20TE, 1906. FOR PARTICULARS SEE PoSTERF WARRINGTON INFIRMARY / FUND.-CYCLE PARADE. ' COMPETITION. I HEREBY CERTIFY that the watch, 39m1n. 52sees.. and that the competitor • nearest time ito this was Mr. T. Fair) GraPnenhall. (Signed) W. PIS' Alk, W ----- ARRINGTON INFIRMARY AMOUNT REQUIRED E T Idu EXTENSION CO SIMITTIV SUBSCRIPTIONS to the Enlar INFIRMARY. SUBSCRIPTIONS TO A Friend, per Mr. W. Peter Rvlans Messrs. J. A W. N. Hutchings—. , Amount previously acknowledge(' , Subscriptions may be paid in to to the Hon. Treasurer at the lnfirr „ W. PETER RYLAN Chairmen of the GUORGE DAKIN, WARRINGTON BLUE CO NTOTICE IS HEREBY _LI TRUSTEES of the abov Quarterly Meeting, en the ISt to elect Two Children (Two B now existing in the Instituth unless an application on his may be obtained from the Cl street), shall have been mad least fourteen days previous In electing Children, the choice. Those deprived of ation, and after them the greatest number and the Dated this Itlth day of - COUSTY BORC EDUC St RR-OPENS ON' HEAD I Fees : £3 per Ss Intenoing students Master at the Set September 3rd 190/ Education Office Sankey st., August 21s1 COUNTY • CENTS EN RE-OPEN Prospectus the Head It and from Edneattor Sankes Aug ri.OUN V CV the sup, Cernete Registr Tern' Grave Oeree later Tb etan dist ( I hi lar° be ........ 11011 rico/ Ole •oad [et' ielA

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. EDUCATION COMMITTER. EVENING SCHOOLS. ScrinnL OF ART, CENTRAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. AND BRANOI-1 TECHNICAL SCHOOLS. Rif-OPRfe ON MONDAY, SEPTEMBER lOrrn, 1906. Prospectus and furthur particulars may he obtetned from the Head Masters and Superintendents of the schools, and from Education Office, Sankey St . August 21st, 190 g.

J. MOORIC MURRAY, Secretary and Director:

E

LANGLANDS' SAILING TO GREENOCK AND (LASGOW. _ PRINOR SS LOUISE "OR OTHER STEAMER. prom LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW (Clarence 00,k ) (Berths No. 22-28. North Side) Tues. Sept. 18th 10 Pm. Bat. Sept. 15th 2 p.m. *6.30 p.m. Set. Sept. 22nd 11 p.m. Thurs. Sept. 20th 2 p.m. *5.25 PAIL Thor, Sept. 27th 6 p.m. 'Tues. Rept. 26th 2p.m. *6.30 p.m. Eat. Sept. 29th 2 p.m. *4,36 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central to Greenock (Central). Special reduced through tickets from Warrington,Widnes Single lit Cities end Cabin 11s. 6d. ; Single, 3rd Class and Eiteerage 66. Return (valid for two months) lit Class and Cabin 181. ; 3rd Chits and Cabin, 17s. Novr.—The above fares include the railway journey °Otween Greenock and Glasgow (Central). Sreclal 14 days Excursion Tickets : Cabin 14s. S teerage 06. 3d. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS,: JOSS STREET. MANCHESTER. ,CMPORD PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

b 1 late be

cso doh 1:11e •ciad ep [et'

ALLAN ROYAL MAIL. —CANA DA & U.S. Unsurpassed for Ist, 2nd and 3rd classes. Special rates to Ontario. Manitoba, and Canadian North-West. SAILINGS FROM LIVRRPOOL. TUNISINN Sept. 2rll lONIAN Oct. 4 VICTORIAN Sept. 28 1 VIRGINIAN ...Oct. 12 Note the callings of the new Turbine Steamers Victorian, Sept. 28. and Virginian Oct. 12, 12,000 tons—steadiest fastest, no vibration. Shortest sea route. Handbooks free.—Apply Allans, 19, Jamee-street,Liver- pool, and 103,1Leadenball-street, London.

14, cm 10, BT

• •

===== 0002601_19060915_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MIME

===== 0002601_19060915_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & ca, PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS

===== 0002601_19060915_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STE:ENT, HANLEY, AND 13, NIMGATE FITE ET, CII EbTE R. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES. la Sums of from £l.O to £,OOO ON sIMPLE PROMISSORY ROM PARTIE L wishing for temporary CASH ADVANOIN should note ihe advantsees offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY ROTH TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATH OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING Tr) RISK, THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SHALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. NO BILLS OF bALII ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED MANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SM./RIM OBSEIWRD. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEXTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative will call personally n pon applicants anc complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled,

===== 0002601_19060915_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
615TABLIti1iliD

RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, 'RAMA KARIM AND ZPUIRT HILLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suitabielfor Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, de. Terms Moderate. A PINS COLLECTION OP PIIOTOGNAPHS for Crystolenm and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

JOHN LUNT BRIDGN FOOT, 1 WARRINGTON.

REMO VA L CONTRACTOR

EXPERIENCED MEN EMPLOYED.

ESTIMATES:I,EFREE.

TELEPHONE No. 1 u 7.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. PRINTERS. BOOK RE

JOHN WALKER & CO, PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.

~NDERS &c.

LITHOGRAPHERS. "EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARIIIISGTOIV TELEPHONE NO. 355 Y.

ALL kinds of BOOKS BOUND in any style from the simplest to the most elaborate. HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song, Festivals' Soc. AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDULES & CATALOGUES,

===== 0002601_19060915_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
•

2 McDOUGALL'S Pategt SELF-RAISING FLOUR ALWAYSCE ED

===== 0002601_19060915_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
, n

77 141 ~•.o.4P''- ''-- .:Yk. '4ll ' . ;.. f t ..,-..,.-., '.:-.3 0 lye., ,1 . , 7 ' . ' The Pure .., - Article in its , most digestible form. .1 _ ..

===== 0002601_19060915_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
_ _ _ 9 • IIJt• 44, t j. 4 • • kg, • -i,,.. 'cue ,

assimilai

" A Perfect

of ready

;estion."—

Afedital

Annual

1 FLAVOURED TO ORDER BY BACTERIA. Cheese-makings has been shewn by recent bacterial research to be a sort of gardening— an inverted gardening. in which the plants are 1 grown for the sake of modifying. the soil. The peculiar qualities and flavours of the different cheeses have been proved to be due to the ' growth of various species of bacteria and , moulds in them. And it has been found possible .to produce the flavour of any required cheese The King at Rufford Abbey.—Rufford Abbey, where from the milk of any locality -by introducing the King has been staying, with Lord and Lady Savile, the appropriate plants. In a recent paper, for for the Doncaster races, is a modern mansion, although example, one experimenter ehewed that the care has been taken to preserve the remains of the familiar red and green patches which charse- Cistercian monastery, founded nearly eight centuries tense Gorgonzola cheese are the combined ago. The King has been a guest there on several occa- work of a special mould, and a species of sions, and Rufford, which is full of priceless art bacillus. These organisms are introduced as the treasures, and is surrounded by an exceptionally beauti- result of artificial punctures, made in the pro- ful park, is like Chatsworth, one of the country houses case of manufacture. his Majesty makes a point of visiting every year. Lord Savile succeeded to the barony in 1806, but he bus no JELLY - FISH STINGS.' son, and the title and estates will revert to the Earls of Scarborough. Some two years before he succeeded to The rash caused by the sting of the jelly-fish the property, when he was Mr. John A. Lumley, he (sea nettle) soon passes away; but most persons married. Lady Savile, as her second husband. In her exhibit a much greater dread of an encounter girlhood Lady Savile was one of the beauties of Society with a sea-nettle than with the common sting- and married first Mr. Beligar, who was attached to the ing nettle of our hedgerows. There are British Embassy at Washington. She was very popular instances, of course, as the Lancet points out, in in America, and since her second marriage Lady Savile which constitutional symptoms arise after the has been one of the foremost hostesses in Society, stings of the jelly-fish, but these, on the whole, Our Italian Royal Visitors.—The Duke and Duchess are rare. The jelly-fish stings much in the same d'Aosta, who have been among the visitors to the Dublin way as the nettle—that is, by means of an acrid Horse Show, are both noted for their fine horsemanship fluid discharged through a -filament. The fila- and love of animals. The Duke, who is a cousin of the merit may be barbed or serrated and is usually King of Italy, was, until the birth of the little Prince coiled within cells which turn inside out on con- of Piedmont, heir presumptive to the Italian throne, tact or pressure and thus bring the filament into His wife was born and brought up at Twickenham, and touch with the body, conveying the fluid was formerly well-known in this country as the beautiful through the surface penetrated. The ordinary Helene d'Orleans. Two years ago she was lying at stinging nettle is furnished with a stinging hair death's door from the effects of a critical attack of from which an acrid fluid escapes when the pneumonia, which it will bil remembered caused the brittle tip is broken off by contact. When ex- hurried departure from our shores of her sister Queen amined under the microscope the hair presents Armilie of Portugal, who, together, with the Ring of the appearance of a glass tube full of fluid. On I Portugal was then on a visit to this country. The breaking the top off, as by simple contact with Duchess is a strikingly handsome woman, and has long the hand, it will be found that some of the fluid j been have since recovered her health and high spirits, contentsdischarged. I , The Aberdare Family.—According to present announce- meats, the wedding of Miss Camille Clifford and the• RADIUM AND THE EARTH'S CRUST. 1 1 Hon. Henry Lyndhurst Bruce, is to take place next Some interesting and importagt investigations 1 February so that it cannot be said to be a hasty concerning the amount of radium in the rooks, ; marriage. That event will bring the bride-elect several and the bearing of this on our estimate of the; relations-in-law, as Lord and Lady Aberdare, whose thickness of the earth's crust, have been carriedj principal seat is Mountain Ash in Glamorganshire, have out by the Hon. R. J. Strutt. The rocks ; a family of three sons, and three daughters. Lady examined included granite from Cornwall and' Aberdare has been of late years in rather delicate health Rhodesia, basalt from Greenland, Victoria j and has been little seen in Society. Her sister-in-law Falls, and Ireland, and leucite from Mount : Lord Aberdare's eldest sister, is married to Viscount Vesuvius. Fragments of these rocks were de- I Newport the son and heir of the Earl and Countess of composed by chemicals, and the amount of Bradford. radium estimated by the amount of the emana- Treasure Islands.—The latest Society craze is tions given off. The treated fragments were I treasure hunting. The Duke of Argyll is understood to stored till the emanations had developed to the ' be largely interested in the operations for the recovery required extent. These were then extracted by : of the Spanish treasure, which is supposed to lie at the boiling, and their amount estimated by their , bottom of Tobermory Bay, off the coast of Mull. Then effect on a specially-constructed electroscope. It , it appears that nearly all of those who have found the was found that radium was present in all rocks ; money for the fitting out of the steamship " Xenia," of igneous origin, but that the percentage was ' which has gone in search of some mysterious Treasure highest in granites, and least in basalts. As a ' Island, in the South Atlantic, are people of title, or result of these investigations, it is estimated high social standing, including Lord Aberdare Lady that the depth of tho rocky crust of the earth is ; Louisa Prescott, the Marquis of Tweeddale, 'Sir A. forty-five miles. And this agrees with Professor , Conan-Doyle, and marry other well-known personages in Milne's estimate based on a study of the speed i Society. Nowadays the aristocracy is as much of earthquake tremors. The temperature at the I dominated by the get-rich-quick mania, as are the cons. depth of forty-five miles is estimated to be 1 mercial classes, and there is a fascination about treasure- I,soodeg- C., the melting point of iron, but 1 hunting ventures which strongly appeals to those who below that of platinum, which is given as I \ ean afford to indulge in them. As a rule, however, the I,7lodeg. C. ‘ ! lonely Treasure Island existed only in the imagination As an interesting additiqnal result, Mr. Strutt ; 1 of the fiction writer, or company promoter, and one is led to agree with Professor Pickering that l would suspect that not many remain in these days the moon is not "dead," se supposed by sc undiscovered, or unexploited, many astronomers. It still possesses volcanic I i I Concerning Superstitions.—lt has been said that activity, and this distinguished student of superstition is dead and gone, but probably many radium even goes so far as to think that the in., ternal heat of the moon is greater than that of: people—more especially women—could still he found who possess some little pet superstition, to which they the earth! cling. Perchance it is the belief in the good fortune I attaching to the discovery of a horseshoe, or the sight : CONTROLLING FUNGI PLANTS. . of a shooting star, which to some portends a happy day It is now pretty generally known to farmers , I within the following week. Others are to be found that many fungi which attack crops are ac- who deem it go o d luck to pick sip a pin on getting out tual, y low forms of plants. They survive the'l of bed, or believe that if a garment is put on inside out inter in the form of spores, and many of I by mistake, that something agreeable will occur during them 'emailr on the ground where the crop was I the next twelve hours. Then there is the belief that it grown. In addition, many also stay on the seed I is most unlucky to see one's reflection in a cracked itrid ensure the recurrence of the disease in the: mirror, also that to walk under a ladder signifies mis- fortune. To lay an umbrella across a bed or couch is, ()Bowing year, even though new soil free from : the disease be used for cropping. These facts. : to some, the forerunner of dire misfortune ;to go back explain why it is that scab in potatoes, for in- I on one's footsteps for anything forgotten is unlucky, stance, or smut in wheat, recurs, despite the I while to cut the ends of one's hair in May or in the use of fresh ground. At one time, not far ,die- dark is a grave mistake. , I Hints on liairdressing.--If one was asked to describe fi taut either, farmers were mystified by the re- smuts in grain fields. From what : the prevailing mode in hairdressing, the task would he as been pointed out above, it is clear that the: found to be a difficult one. Broadly speaking, the low use of clean seed in itself is not enough to pr ' dressing is in favour for the day, while the high arrange-. vent theppe appearance of fungi i ment is preferred for the evening. Exaggeration finds Both seeds from and so n various cro • Past soil in which affected ; no place among the perfectly co i flared, the huge puff iEI gs crops have been grown form resting-places for' at the sides, and sky-scraper erections in front, being millions of spores so that unless the new di I modes left to lesser lights to exploit. There are three to be planted ' are see di effectually treated before items the asman who contemplates altering her style t being used, the havoc-working fungi plants I of hairdressing should consider, namely, her height, the ' cannot be controlled. Can the e fungi spores b I shape of her head, and the width of her shoulders. A ' killed without injuring the germinating e power 1 woman with very wide shoulders, and a small head, of the seed that is to be treated? They can be. ! should puff her hair at the sides above the ears and Exhaustive experiments have proved that ' behind them, in order to bring the head into symmetry formaldehyde will prevent the aempsmuts.re 11l with the body. On the other band, the woman who potato scab, or wheat, oat, or barley possesses a alight frame, with angular shoulders, only not to seed is soaked for two hours in a will. i increases the appearance of this defect byarranging the• iio: prepared by adding tioz. of formaldehyde hair loosely. It should be as compact as possible, other- (38 to 40 per cent.) to fifteen gallons of water, need. These rules can be varied in any way to suit the 'I wise it makes the shoulders seem narrower than they a ncl is then planted in a clean soil the •1. n from o doubt be free fm disease. Against crop smil wutsa : characteristics of the wearer. About Fans.—Whether the popularity of the fan is! solution of llb. of formaldehyde to fifty gallons:of water sprinkked or sprayed upon the seed' due to the Royal Spanish marriage,or our hot summer, is not quite clear, but the fact remains that the fan is in until the latter is moist seed will .suffis_ould be piled -ce. After being I . h, great request. From the most remote ages, the treated in this way th Japanese and Chinese have used fans, but it was not and then be covered over and be left for two until the end of the 11th century that they came into hours before sowing. If needed the required. the seed can be use in Europe, and it was not until 1590 that the allowed to dry, to be sown w 1 --- . Oriental pleated fan was introduced from India. The golden age of the fan may be f I Silver on glass mirrors has been long familiar. eud to have extended from 1730 to 1776. when there were about 500 manufac- In a new process, an English electrician electro- tuners of this adjunct to the lady's toilette in Prance. ' lytioally deposits copper from the black oxide, The young Queen of Spain possesses many magnificent, and produces very brilliant mirrors of a thin' and quite unique fans, several being wedding gifts, and film of copper on glass. 1 -- it was remarked during her recent visit to this country, ! , that she used them with all the dexterity and grace that ' A diamond burning in the electric arc has been! belongs almost exclusively to the great Spanish ladies. exhibited on a screen by Sir William Crookes. I Ready-made Skirts.—Although the ready-made walk- The stone could be seen to sprout and swell and ing skirts, offered in the shops now-a-days, are far in , blacken under the intense heat until nothing re- ; advance—as regards cut and style of those of a few , stained but a swollen lump of graphite. I seasons hick, the wise woman will do well to avoid the extraordinarily cheap varieties. For real hard wear they . Sir James Dewar, the well-known professor of are no use whatever, moreover they quickly show a chematry, has expressed the opinion that the tendency to drop at the hack and sides, or otherwise process of combustion of petroleum requisite an hang unevenly. One other point to remember, when ; a motive power for motor-cars and motor omni- buying a ready-made walking skirt is, that gores are to buses, produces a gas which is extremely injuri- preferred to the umbrella shape. Once the latter gets ous to public health. , really wet it is rarely presentable again, and even with- ; —_-- 1 out a wetting it shows always a tendency to " sag." A new gutta percha, that of Herr Gentsch of MADGE. ! Vienna, is obtained from a mixture of caout. : chouo and palm resin. It is claimed to have an elastic resistance superior to the natural pro duo* taxi to coot only two-thirds As much,

capable and clip 11?eau.- A Cocoa you can enjoy. . 01116 • " , • . . . •

===== 0002601_19060915_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

INCREASING LUMINOUS EFFICIENCY.

Raising the temperature of a bare platinum wire from 800 degrees C. to 820 degrees, more I than doubles its brightness, while doubling the temperature of a white-hot body is estimated to increase the - luminous intensity 4,000 times. With this in mind, Adolf Herz, a German, has passed an electric current through an Auer glower of 'metal oxides heated by a gas-flame, I and has thus considerably raised the tempera- ture. The. result is an extraordinary increase in luminous efficiency.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
SUN TEMPERATURE ESTIMATES.

The electric arc in which titanium—a metal- i Lc compound, which burns when heated in the air—has been distilled, has a temperature of about 3,500 degrees C. Making allowance for I uncertainty as to pressure in the solar atmo- 'sphere, M. Moissan conclude that points on the 'sun, where titanium is seen, in the solar ; spectrum, to be volatilised, must have a tem- perature between two estimates ef sun-heat already made-6,590 degrees C., and 2,000 de- grees to 3,000 degrees C. The probability is that the latter is nearer to the true heat of the sun than the former. This is very much lower thap earlier estimates.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
WILD CATS IN IRELAND.

In the proceedings of the Royal Irish Academy, Mr. R. F. Scharff gives some inter- esting evidence regarding the former existence of ,wild cats in Ireland. . Most important ap- pears to be the large collection of cat remains from certain caves near Ennis, in County Clare. He concludes, confidently, that the wild cat did exist in Ireland in comparatively recent times. The Irish wild cat, however; was not the Euro- pean Felis catus," but rather the African "Fens oereata." The latter species has not a bushy tail. It is considered that the majority of the domestic cats of Ireland are descended from this African species.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VISION OF BEETLES.

A notable fact about the vision of insects, and one which it may be supposed must largely influence • their view of the external world, is the number of facets, or lenses, in compound eyes. A German naturalist, K. Leinemann, has been painstaking enough to count the number of facets in the eyes of no fewer than 150 species of beetle. He fines that in the same species and sex the number in- creases with the size of the body. There is usually no permanent difference between the sexes as to the number of facets. Occasionally, however, the difference is marked, as in the case of Lampyris Splendidula, in which the male has 2,500 and the female 300. One species is noted which has the extraordinary number of 24,000 facets in its eye. The number of facets is greater in the rapidly moviitg active forms than in the more sluggish species. ,

===== 0002601_19060915_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
\

' %

===== 0002601_19060915_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 15, 1906

FUR ALTERATIONS.-- W. CCO/CMAN, Practical Furrier, 3, Granby at., Liverpool, 6 years foreman with Cripps and Sone, Bold et, Sehlskin Jackets Re-dyed. Remodelled to latest fashion, tirst-plass workmanship, fit guaranteed, lowest pricey; skins dresred, cleaned, and made-up to latest styles.

errs? Tsa smocanry as possthie. Nava rey some cases made of an ordinary sheet of writ. ing .paper, and oiled with salad oil; fasten eacb rot-turn nr-olv nr. in fl-n Brnil for fiftp.,, minutes over a clear, gentle Lira, ana serve on a plain crouton of fried bread. Garnish with watercress and small tomatoes which have been made hot in the oven.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

THE DUCHESS OF LEEDS.

The Duchess of Leeds, who has just been keep- ing her birthday, 4 a sister of the Earl of Dur- ham, having been Lady Katherine Lambton be- fore her marriage to the Duke in 1884. She is one of the Peeressses who have challenged literary criticism, ,and has written both novels and poetry. Some readers may remember her "Capriccios" and her "Lover of the Beautiful." She shsces her husband's love of yachting and his fondness for the Riviera, and stays for some months every year at Borrlighera. With very dark hair, she has delicate features and a pale complexion—in fact, a typical Lambton in ap- pearance.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
NEAT SCHOOL FROCK.

Summer holidays, alas! are rapidly drawing to a close, and it is high time to be making pre- paration for the coming autumn term. Promi- nent among the schoolgirl's requirements is a neat and serviceable school frock which will stand any amount of wear and tear, and yet present a respectable appearance. The pretty frock pictured in .8 our, sketch is admirably adapted for such a purpose. Fashioned of brown cashmere, in a pretty and becoming shade, it is smart and &linty, and at the same time, pre-eminently iiseful. The bodice is ar- ranged with a plastron front adorned with Linea

of machine-stitching and large brown velvet buttons. On either side of this plastron come wide tucks, also machined at the edges. The sleeves, of tho bishop shape, are quite small and neat, and are finished with plain stitched cuff. A stock of brown silk and a turn-down collar of lawn complete the bodice. The skirt is abso- lutely plain, well gored to secure the necessary width at the hem, and is finished with a smart belt of brown patent leather.

....,-7.-.fr' , ,fr,? . „ 1 1 /1 / /1 ii‘ I \\\ k —7- - - ..=.g. Z t e _ _ _ I. —=_ _ -_- . . •

===== 0002601_19060915_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FRENCH NURSE.

The British nurse is one of the institutions that the French have most envied, says a writer in the Sketch. Well, they h:ive their own nurses l'Anglaise now. The French "Sairey Camp" was rather a dreadful person. She wore the bibs and tuckers of the sick-room, but her medi- al knowledge you could stow away in that little pocket of hers. She was either too good or not good enough. Either she was a Sister of Mercy trained in a convent, knowing little of body-cure, though versed, doubtless, in the healing of souls, or she was an untrained and inferior person who had no spiritual or any other parts whatever. But both these types are improved away. The French girl,' trained in the lycee and of good bourgeois stock has begun to take an interest in nursing. She has passed her examination and become competent. Presently she will be seen in every hospital in the coun- try. The experiment has begun at Bordeaux. There the French nurse, new style, is under the charge of an English lady, Miss Elston, who has been trained in the London hospitals. It is the happiest arrangement. The nurses are well housed, well clothed, and well fed. Instead of relying on exhortation to recover the patient they are strong in their diploma and their hos- pitail science. AUTUMN SAM BLOISE.

The blouse shown in our illustration is a little shirt-waist that has just been prepared for- autumn wear. It is made of Scotch wincey. It fastens up the back, and has a plain front made with three broad tucks over each shoulder, the plain part in front being strapped across with three graduated straps. The collar is of the mate- rial, and is made over a feather-bone foundation; and the two ribbon rosettes which are placed on

either side of the collar nave long tie ends, which pads underneath the three little straps. Having the tie thus attached to the blouse, the latter can be put on very quickly, without any adjust- ment save the buttons and hooks used for fastening it up the back.

IV •5' - f 11-7^--;g"... li - tNrkr lit' A "",11,V •ra 2,/ l' i Ql,l t: .: 11 , 11, cio• . 'kt "- 11) , , ' I V , # /•'' , 1 - ''' // l', S' • ' 'i / 0 V kk t01110,4,\ •Afe, ip, 4 ‘, if, $l•4 '4O/ - / , • 41 4 T 4/' N

===== 0002601_19060915_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
ORNAMENTAL BUTTONS.

The translation of the button from the sphero of use to that of ornament has the confirma- tion of several seasons to render it absolute. This autumn, however, a reaction would seem to be setting in against the embroidered or braided specimen in stuff or silk in favour of ornamental metals, bronze and copper being no less in request than silver, the sine qua non being that the effect shall be generally antique. It is possible, of course, that this craze for old- fashioned ornaments may be one outcome al the recent researches amongst the Old Masters for sartorial inspiration, but at any rate, says the Taller, the, student of advanced Paris modes can do no less than admit that this is ono of the leading features of to-morrow's creations.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

PARTIZIDGE A LA PETERHOP.—Take tho legs and breast of a cold roast partridge, strip off the skin, and lay for ono hour in a marinade as follows: Melt loz. of fresh butter, then add one small onion finely chopped, one teaspoonful of made mustard, half a glass of port wine. on tmspoonful of Indian chutney. When required, tcke theo,m,lat_out. nf the marina and sorro2

MIMES

===== 0002601_19060915_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
WHEN HURTS WANT HEALING.

[See That Zam-Buk Is Handy for Instant Use.

In homes where the value of Zarn-Buk as a first-aid and skin-cure has been proved —and their number is legion—the honsewife is always careful to be able to answer promptly the frequent query: "Whore's our box of Zam-Buk _ _

The box is always in a handy spot, ready for the out, bfuise' bum or scald that may happen at any moment. How splendidly Zam-Bak meets every emergency is shown in appreciative letters which the proprietors are constantly receiving. Miss L. Holden, of 37, St. Paul's-road, Preston, writes :—" About six weeks ago I cut my finger. I applied Zam-Buk, and the injury healed up wonderfully. We gave some of the Zam-Buk to a friend for a scalded arm, and it has done for her what no ordinary ointment could do."

Mr. Tom Broadley, of 21, Woodville i Terrace, Wind- hill, Shipley, says :—" I had the misfortune to get very badly burnt with an oven-plate in a big bakery. On the side of my neck and throat there were deep wounds six inches long. My parents wanted to fetch the doctor at first, but I persuaded them to try the usual home remedies. They appliedvarious oils and lotions, but they did not do a bit of good, and I suffered such pain that I could scarcely bear it. Eventually I persuaded my parents to get some Zam-Buk. Two hours after the first dressing I fell fast asleep, so the ease I got may be imagined. The second application took all the fire ' out, and the wounds showed signs of mending. We persevered with the applications of Zam-Buk, and in four or five days the wounds were healing beautifully. They improved with each application of Zam-Buk, and were soon perfectly healed. We shall never be without Zam-Buk in the house now."

-11-eini-VerfWC-ili-ant-isePtic and an efficient germicide Zam-Buk makos a wound clean and sweet, preventing complications! It stops smarting pain, too, besides healing perfectly. Zam-Buk is sold by all chemists in boxes at Is. lid. or 2s. 9d. (2s. 9d. size contains nearly four times the ls. 14d.); post free for same price from the Zam-Buk Co., 4, Red Cross at., London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE LIBERALS.

A GREAT GATHERING IN ALDERLEY PARK.

Sneech by Mr. A. J. King, M.P.

The delightfully situated country seat of Lord Stanley of Alderley, at Alderley'Park, was the scene of a great gathering of Cheshire Liberals on Saturday. The meeting was ostensibly one of the supporters of Mr. A. J. King, M.P. for the Knutsford division, but there were adherents of the Liberal cause present from other parts of Cheshire. The weather was perfect, and the people wandered at will about the beautiful par]; and gardens. After tea a meeting was held in front of the Hall. Lord Stanley of Alderley presided, and there were present Mr. A. J.. King, M.P., Mr. James Tomkinpon, M.P., Mr. H. Vivian, M.P.' and many leader, of Liberalism in the Knutsford and other Cheshire Parlia- mentary divisions.

THE EDUCATION BILL. Lord Stanley of Alderley, who was loudly cheereil, said in the course of a brief speech that he did not believe the House of Lords would improve anything that came from the House of Commons. They would be at work very soon. All be had to say about the Education Bill was that he would have been very glad to have got something better, and should be sorry to get anything much worse. (Hear, hear.) He did not feel very confident that that Bill would not have a great many holes driven into it and a good many cuts slashed in it, and it would be for the House of Commons to make up their-minds, when the Bill came back to them, how far they might be firm and how far they might give way. He suspected Sir H. Campbell-Bannerman knew that he would be expected by .the House of Commons to let everybody, whether House of Lords, or bishops, or anyone else, know that when the people had sent their representatives to Parliament deter- mined to have something done, they meant to have it. (Hear, bear.) That was the question which had to be settled sooner or later, and he hoped it would be settled sooner. Liberals believed in popular represents- tive government. They believed the voice of the people's representatives should guide and decide the policy of the legislation of the country. (Cheers.)

===== 0002601_19060915_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
AN INDUSTRIOUS GOVERNMENT.

Mr. J. Tomkinson, M.P., proposed a resolution which recorded the continued confidence of the Liberals of the Knutsford division in the Government. The House of Commons, he said, which was in his opinion the best House that had ever been returned, had not got so bad a record so far. Its members had been industrious,they bad put their hearts into their work, and they had already got through a great deal.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM DRY ROT TO VIGOROUS HEALTH.

Mr. A. J. King, M.P., who was warmly welcomed, seconded the resolution. He said that one result of the splendid majority which was obtained at the last election had been that it had stopped the dry rot which had set ft. (Cheers and laughter.) They could not have found a better man to undertake that work than the present Prime Minister, to whom at this time their hearts turned with deep sympathy. In spite of the peculiarly difficult circumstances under which the Government took office, the House of Commons had shown a very remarkable record of legislation during its first season. The most important measure was of course the Education Bill, and he believed that measure would go through without any very material alteration. Then there were the Plural Voting Bill and the Merchant Shipping Bill, and, among others, the County Magistrates Bill, He hoped, as a result of that measure, something would be done to make the magis- terial body in counties, and especially in Cheshire, a little less one-sided than it was at present. There was certainly room for improvement there without the accusation being made that magistrates were appointed because of party services. With regard to foreign affairs no one could complain of the work of Sir Edward Grey. Since the Government had come into office there had been distinctly better feeling between this country and Germany, without the least interfer- ence with that excellent entente cordiale with our nearest neighbours the French people. With regard to the future there was an immense amount of work to be done, and he believed there was a determination amongst the rank and file of the House of Commons to put aside personal prejudices and support heartily and enthu- siastically such measures as the Government might bring in in furtherance of the great policy the country sent them to carry out. (Cheers).

THB POWER OF POLITICAL HONESTY. Mt. Vivian, M.P. supported the resolution. Speak- ing of the influence of Sir H. Campbell-Bannerman in the House of Commons with all sections of the pro- gressive forces of the House, he said the secret of that influence was summed op in the word honesty—above all, Sir Henry was honest.—(Cheers.) The Conserva- tive party had realised that they had been hampered by having a man at their head who could not declare clearly what their opinions were on the great questions before the country. He had come across Tories who had lamented very much the shuffling of Mr. Balfour. The whole country was relieved when it found at the head of public affairs a man who said straight out what be meant. Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman bad raised the tone of public life, which was a matter of immense importance to this country.—(Cheers). Other speeches were made by Mr. H. P. Greg and Mr. Theodore Crewdson and, in response to calls, Mrs. King said a few words. 'The speakers were thanked for their services, and Lord and Lady Stanley of Alderley were also thanked for permitting the use of their perk for the demonstration.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKESHIFT MEALS.

Is there any reason why " makeshift meals " should not be appetising ? A little resourcefultmss will easily render them more attractive. The " Sweets" are generally very poorly represented, yet (as the King's physician reminds us) there is no more delicious and nutritive a sweet than Currant Bread (White or fiovis) or Cake. Currants provide abundant nourishment for brain and body.

Mr. George Joseph Howell, a London business' man who put a commercial traveller out of his office because " Ile could not allow people to abuse him before his own clerks," was tined 60s. and costs for assault on Tuesday, and reminded by the magistrate that such affairs often ended in imprisonment without a fine.

While travelling in a railway train in Jersey a young garrison soldier, named William Hazel, Ist East Surrey Regiment, attempted to pluck a flower growing on the side at a hank. He overbalanced fell from' the train, and was dragged along for some yards. When picked up he was dead.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FIRE OPAL.

By H. de Vere Stacpoole.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
diuthor of" The Doctor," "Fanny Lambert," etc. 1;;11

had a strong biasin favour of her own sex, and always gave a woman the benefit of the doubt._

Tlie -second problem was what should (she do? Should she tell Daisy that a warrant was out for her arrest and advise her to give herself up to the law? _ .

Miss Miggs had very little respect for the workings of the law—a law-abiding person herself, she yet looked upon the law as an engine that crushed the innocent sometimes if the guilty could not be found. Besides, Daisy by her flight had laid herself open to the deepest /suspicion, and Miss Miggs determined in her-own mind to let the law look after itself ari'd to help her new acquaintance to efface herself till at all events' the truth otthe matter grew more apparent. Arthur Esmond might make a full confes- sion, or the police might be unable to unravel the matter; time might do a lot, anti Miss Miggs felt in her soul that the more light there was cast on the affair the better it would be for Daisy. When she had determined on this, she said briskly : " Well, now that's settled. And the next point is where are you going to; you had much better come home with me: There is a room above mine, it's only five shillings a week, and it's to let, and I think, my dear, I can promise to get iyou some work in a day or two that will keep you going until we are able to look round us a little."

"Oh, how good you are," murmured the girl. "I believe heaven must have sent you to help me." , "I believe so, too," said Miss Miggs quite naturally, "but heaven doesn't help those who don't help themselves, so now let's be practical. Where's your bag ? " Daisy explained bow she bed left it at Paddington cloal4room and how she had given the ticket of] it that morning to the landlady in Portobello Road.

" I will go to Portobello Road," said Miss Miggs, " pay the landlady half a week's rent, and come back here; you can wait for me • 1 here."

Daisy consented, and Miss Miggs started off, catching a convenient 'bus that dropped her at the very corner of Portobello Road. Miss Miggs felt a bit nervous. Daisy was a remarkable-looking girl. Her description had been circulated in all the afternoon papers —bag and all; suppose for an instance this landlady had read the description,. or even the clerk at the cloak room at Paddington t Though London is such an enormous city there are maw ways in which a person may be traced, and traced swiftly, when they are " wanted."

Miss Miggs stood for a moment at the gate of No. Portobello Road. The house looked perfectly quiet, and the hall lamp was burning brightly behind the fanlight. Miss Miggs entered the gate, passed up the little walk, and knocked at the door.

It opened, disclosing the somewhat per- turbed face of the landlady. Miss Miggs also saw the brown gladstone bag on the hall chair, and there on the chair opposite the bag she beheld to her horror seated with note- book in hand the burly form of a policeman.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XIIL

INE left paisy Graham standing by the darkening water of the Serpentine. What might have happened at that moment it is impossible to say had not the girl's mind been attracted by a hand which was placed softly upon her arm. She turned and saw before her a little old woman who, from her appearance as she stood in the dusk, might have stepped out of a fairy tale.

This old lady.wore a bonnet of a somewhat antiquated cut, and she carried a cloth bag closed with a running string and stuffed ap- parently with angular objects from the bulg- ings and depressions visible on the cloth. She also carried a large umbrella. "My dear," said the strange old lady, "I see you are in trouble; can I do anything for you. Come, tell me." How much there is in the human voice ! How much it can express, as much as the human face, perhaps more. Daisy knew at once that the old woman before her was to be trusted, that she was a

friend sent to her by Heaven in her bitter need. " Excuse me, my dear, for my apparent rudeness," said the old lady, now agairr touch- ing Daisy's arm gently as if to lead her away from the water. " But you are very young and in trouble I can see, and anyone in trouble is my friend. Oh, I am well known," con- tinued the old lady, with a touch of pride in her voice, " and though I am poor people often come to me if for nothing else, for advice. Now don't trouble to tell me your affairs, dear, for I am not an inquisitive _ .

person, land everyone's affairs are their very own; you are troubled about something, that's enough; but let us come out of the park, it is getting quite dusk." "It is very good of you," murmured Daisy. "I am in trouble, great trouble; you may be able to advise me. You seem good and kind and I am sure Heaven has sent you, for a moment ago as I looked at that dark water I was on the point—oh! it's too terrible to 'think about." "Don't think about it, my child," said the old lady in a brisk voice; " don't think about it again. It is always darkest before dawn. Now let us talk about me, please I want to introduce myself; you have never seen me before perhaps ? " " No, ' said Daisy hesitatingly, "I don't think so." "Yet I am a public character in a way," said the old lady. "My name is Miggs. Have you never heard of Miss Miggs ? " "No, I'm afraid I haven't." _

"Ali well, how could you, young and be- longing evidently to the upper circles of life, how could you know anything of the wrongs of the people. lam a social reformer," said Miss Miggs; "for fifteen years I have devoted my life to the cause of the people, not only the English people, but the people of all nations. I write for several journals and I speak at public meetings, and I edit a magazine," con- tinued Miss IMiggs in a lowered voice, "which is forbidden to be imported into Russia. . The , Czar has his eye on me," continued the old lady in a voice that had a thrill of pride in it, "and if I were suddenly to find myself in St. Petersberg or Moscow goodness knows what might not happen to me. Never mind, here we are in the Bayswater Road; let us go this way. I want a cup of tealafter all my italking, and we can talk over our affairs as we drink it. There is nothing like tea, my dear, to give one ideas, and I know a little restaurant where the tea is tea; at most restaurants," concluded !the old lady, emphatically, "the tea is ditch- water." They walked towards Bishops' Road, Miss Miggs chattering away as if she and Daisy were old acquaintances,- the true spirit of tlit. woman showing itself in the way she managed to keep the girl's mind engaged and away from whatever trouble it-was brooding upon, and tc keep the conversation going without asking questions or seeming to invite any confidence, Miss Miggs at this part of her career was in- deed, as she had said, a social reformer pos. sessed of a little income sufficient for her wants and a great soul, which, if divided up, would have furnished souls for ' a dozen \ordinary people and to spare; she lived in two rooms over a shop in Museum Street, Bloomsbury, dividing her time between the British Museum library and hUmanity. She was undoubtedly a woman of consider- able brains, taking a deep interest in that greatest drama of earth—the life of the 'people around her. She read everything in the newspapers from the doings of kings to the police reports, taking most interest in the latter, and many a poor wretch had reason to be thankful to Miss Miggs for a home saved from ruin or a child saved from shame, for though Poor herself she had many friends who were rich and only too willing to help her in her philanthropic schemes. They entered a little restaurant in Bishops' Road,a quiet place quite deserted at dial hour, and Daisy's new friend called for tea and rolls, and fresh butter, placed her bag b,osh-le her, took off her gloves, and then said, "Now, my dear, we are comfortable and we can have a good long talk." " I had better first tell you my name," said Daisy ; " I wish to be perfectly frank with you. My name is Graham, Daisy Graham. I have lived all my life with an aunt of mine in Boundary Road, St. John's ‘Wood. Why, how pale you have grown. Are you faint ? "No, dear," said Miss Miggs with a gasp, "it is only a little heart affection I sliffei from. lam all right now. Go on please, you said you lived with an aunt." "Yes," said Daisy, "with ray aunt, Miss Princeps, at the Laurels, Boundary Road." The girl went on to tell of her life, how from the earliest times she had never known a kind word, how on the preceding evening a great trouble had happened to her, and how in a fit of desperation, not caring what occurred to her, she had left her aunt's house never to return, taking with her the clothes she stood up in, a few things in a bag, and' less than two pounds in money. Miss Miggs listened attentively till Daisy had finished, then she said : "I would like to meet your aunt. dear." "Oh, no," cried Daisy, fearing of a sudden that this new found friend might be going to play her false and deliver her up to the person she most dreaded. " Oh, yes," said Miss Miggs, "1 would like to meet her, just for the pleasure of tearing her bonnet off." Daisy laughed. "Not being able to do that," continued the old lady, "let us talk of other things. You spoke of a great trouble. Now, my dear, I am an old woman, but I know a great deal of human life. Forkive me for asking the ques- . tion, was this a love trouble ? " Daisy blushed. "Don't say a word," said Miss Miggs, " I have long been used to reading the human Countenance, and now, dear, for a moment just let me think."

She fell into a reverie. She knew now who Daisy was. She had read in the afternoon papers the whole account of the Bank Robbery, with the details. Arthur Esmond had been taken before the 13ow Street magistrate : Miss Princeps, re- covered from her fainting fit, had been led an unwilling witness as to the flight of Daisy; everything looked very black against the pair. Daisy's flight [absolutely clinching the matter the 'magistrate, on the evidence, having issued a warrant for Daisy's arrest. ENow two, problems. were resolving them- selves in Miss Miggs' brain—the first was, who was the guilty party? She felt sure !it !was Arthur Esmond, and that if Daisy had anything to do with the affair she had been dragged into it by this designing man. Miss Miggs, without being a man-hater.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XIVJ

A PERSON less remarkable than Miss Miggs would ihave betrayed herself by an excla- mation or a start, but Miss Miggs neither exclaimed nor started,

She had come to fetch the gladstone bag standing before her on the chair, yet she did not look at the bag or seem to recognise it. "Good evening," she said to .the landlady; "have you a room to let ? " "Will you come in, please," answered the landlady in a bothered tone of voice. She showed her visitor into the parlour and closed the door.

"I have a room to let," said she, speaking In a muted voice as if making some shameful admission. ".1 let it to-day to a young lady, but she's been and got into trouble.' "Dear me I "said Miss Miggs, " how sad!" "She's been and got into trouble," pursued the landlady; whose eyes were watering and -whose breath gave evidence of the presence of peppermint and gin. • "Robbed a bank; dear me! Such a perfect lady as she was, too; she left her bag with the cloak room clerk at Paddington Station, and he must have spotted her from her description. I sent my boy Billy to fetch the bag and back Billy came with the bag and followed by a detec- tive.

" Then they put a policeman in to watch. and there he sits in the hall a-shaming the house. When the poor thing comes back here she'll be caught like a rabbit in a trap." Miss Miggs listened to all/ this, feeling as if she were standing on the edge of a precipice. Then she said:

I am very sorry for your annoyance, it must be a great trouble to you, I'm sure; shall I return in the morning ? ' "Oh," said the landlady, " now you're here you may as well look at the room, it's swep' and aired and dusted like a new pin, and I nearly as ever was dropped when the detec- tive told me who I had swep' and aired and dusted it for. There's a kind of onnatural fate about that room ; first I let it to an Indian gentleman and he went off one day and quer came back, leaving a trunkful of brickliand my bill unpaid. Then an old gentleman took it who was eccentric, and I'd sooner have two lunatics than one eccentric in the house; then such a nice young gent took it; he was a teetotaller the first week, and then he burst out and was in deleriam tremens two days before they took him to the hospital, then a lady took it who upped and died within two months, and now this young lady took it and filled my house with police and detectives, Drat the room, it'll break my heart before I've done with it, that I believe.' She led the way upstairs to the offending bedroom. Miss Miggs examined it, feeling for the first time in her life a hypocrite. " It's very nice," she said, saki the terms for such a room seem reasonable, but my in- come is strictly limited and I would like a day to consider the matter. I will call to-mcrrow evening and tell you my decision; I daresay you won't have let it before then." The landlady assented and showed Miss Miggs downstairs and out at the hall door.

Outside in Portobello Road Miss Miggs drew a deep breath of relief; she had had a Marvellous escape and had saved Daisy by her coolness and daring. If she had wavered or faltered or shown signs of fear suspicion might have been raised and everything then would have been lost.

When she returned to the restaurant she found baisy just as she had left her, seated at the table.

jewi it

"How long you have been," said the girl with a smile, I" I thought you were lost; did you get my bag ?" • My dear," said the, old lady, "I think we had better give your bag up as a bad job, for the present, I went to the house you men- tioned. The bag was there, but—well, I'm afraid your aunt has traced you there and is cr. the watch."

Daisy clasped her hands. " How unfortu- nate,•what shall. Ido without my bag? All my night things, my comb and brush--" I will see what I can do for you," said Miss Miggs. " You will just come home with me and put yourself under my wing for a week till we see how matters turn up, and to-morrow I hope to be able to put you in the way of making mon,ey so that you will be quite inde- pendent after awhile as every young woman ought to be.. Come dear, I have paid for the tea."

CHAPTER XV. NOTHING could have been worse than the position of Arthur Esmond as he stood in the

• ‘-..--i•,•:-,.:•'-1,••••-il..ic••,;.:•::.',A....-.•::.-'-• .-4-1.•••• ..--.:•'-',••••••"--7••":::'--: -,:...., ,-, •-• •-;...:•-...-- -. • :-. ••• . - .. • -

bank parlour confronting Mr. Rowlands, Lord de Morley, and the detective from Scotland Yard.

- Miss Princeps had been carried into the little waiting room where clients were shown if the manager was engaged, and was recover- ing herself with the aid of salts and a glass of cold water.

•• Arthur, half stunned by the position he found himself in, could scarcely think. Daisy had run away I She had refused to tell the meaning, of that unlucky paragraph in her letter. Was there ever such a complication of bad luck? Had Fate ever hit a man so hard before ? With the instinct of a lover he knew at least part of the reason why Daisy had taken this fatal step—she was disgusted with him for having shown her letter. Yet how could he have done otherwise? Mr. Row- lands had practically seized it with the other contents of his desk. •If he had not given it up it would have been handed over to Scotland Yard. Yet—yet when one thought of it, a girl's first love letter, a thing absolutely sacred by all the laws of love and honour to be re- turned to her by the hands of a bank manager with brutal enquiries as to the meaning of part of it. No, it was a thing no woman could ever forgive.

ihese thoughts reduced his mind to sifch a state of despair and hopelessness that he scarcely noticed when the gentleman from Scotland Yard, after a whispered conver- sation with Mr. Rowlands and Lord de Morley, touched him on the shoulder and said, " Come with me, please." . _

He knew he Wis a prisoner. Well, what of that? He had lost Daisy, he had lost his position, he had lost everything; the loss of liberty was only one loss more. As he drove to .the Mansion House—for it was determined that the charge should be gone into without delay—the.people in the street seemed like the spectres in a vision and the sound of the traffic like the sound in a dream. , - Now, it will be remembered that Mr. Mar- cas, after his interview with the Grafter, was left in the bar parlour of " The Feathers" with the black bag, which the Grafter had stolen, to get rid of. The sight of the great wealth which the Grafter had so calmly. appropriated had acted on Mr. Marcas' mind as the sight of unlimited raw meat would act on the mind of a starving tiger. The great opal especially had fascinated him. Mr. Marcp was of Oriental•extraction ; he had the Oriental's love for beauty, and more than the driental's love for riches. Riches and beauty combined as they were in this exquiiite gem were entirely too much for him.

There is, and the history of crime proves it, a fatal fascination for the mind of man in precious stones. If one could write the his- tory of all the great diamonds extant it would form a terrible book. :^IZIPP3

• Now the opal with the strange inscription on the back of its plain gold setting, the giant opal that the Grafter had calmly pocketed, and the vision of which still shone before the eyes of Mr. Marcas, had a history which we will hear of later on, a terrible history from which it would seem that disaster had always come to its possessor or holder. Mr. Marcas knew nothing of this history, but he sincerely wished every imaginable disaster to fall upon the devoted head of the Grafter. He determined in his own mind to be even with that gentleman yet, and plainly speak- ing, to rob the robber if he died in the attempt. He finished the brandy in his glass, felt that the ten sovereigns were safe in his pocket, and then turned his attention to the bag. To a man like Mr. Marcas that was easily :disposed of. He took an old newspaper from his pocket, wrapped the bag in it, and with. this innocent looking parcel under his arm he left the public-house.

He too-lc a first-class ticket for Queen's Road, Baysivater, at the Notting Hill Station of the Underground Railway and at Queen's Road, Bayswater, he got out, leaving the bag under the seat of the carriage. He then went to a, restaurant and dined for the first time in several days. He bought several of the evening news- papers, but there was no word in them of any tragedy having happened in Holland Park. Next morning he was up betimes. He kit( that if a city clerk had been robbed and - dered the most likely place to get first wino the affair would be the Mansion House yO' Court. He arrived there at tie opening the court. , On. his way be had bought seVeral of the. morning papers, but still there was no word of the tragedy. The police, court was crowded with the ordinary cases, people who. had come to ask the magistrate's advice on all sorts of questions, women seeking separation orders from their husbands who had given them black eyes, husbands seeking separation orders from their wives, petty thieves, drunkards, all the unhappy people that the police sweep into their net and dish up each morning before the magistrates of London. -Mr.! Marcas watched the proceedings with impatience. At half-past eleven, however. be had his reward. Inspector BradstreEt, of Scotland Yard, entered the court and had a few words in private with the alderman on the bench.

Aievi moc ,nd poli of

Immediately after Mr. Rowrinds, Lord de Morley. and a veiled lady, who was none other than Miss Princeps, entered and took their places in the well of the court. . _

The alderman concluded the case he was hearing, the case of a costermonger who had refused to move on wheri told to do so by the police. . . . _

When it was finished Arthur Esmond was brought in and placed in the dock. A silence fell upon the court at the sight of the hand- some and well-dressed young man, pale, and standing like one in a dream in the place where thieves and forgers usually stood. ' The ease was- shortly explained to the alder- man by Inspector Bradstreet, and then the evidence was taken. In an ordinary case the evidence taken would only have been a.; much as was necessary to justify a remand, but since Daisy Graham was implicated and it was necessary, if possible, to obtain a -warrant for her arrest, the case had .to be gone into more fully.

Mr. Rowlands told his story, and Lord de Morley testified to the fact that the valuables lost were his.

As he gave his evidence he was watched by the lynx-like eyes of Mr. Marcas. " Now what," thought Mr. Marcas, "is. the meaning of this ? " Not only Mr. Marcas, but a number of the people in court, noticed that Lord de Morley was in an extreme state of agitation; his hand shook, he fumbled with his eye glass, he halted and hesitated; never did a witness show more trepidation than this noble lord testifying to the value of his own property. " If ever I saw a criminal," thought . the sagacious Mr. Marcas, " I see one now before me. There's money to be made out of this if I only see my way. Let me watch." " There were papers in the bag besides this .ellery ? " asked the alderman blandly. • Tirre were papers," answered his lord- ship. _ - • it iN ft

t pressing his.hindkerchief to his lips. Importan papers ? " ance '

Veiy—tha.l ii to say, of family import- t• • " those papers," thought Mr. Marcas, as he watched Lord de Morley leave the bar. where witnesses stood. "They are what is troubling you, my lord ; you'd give a good sum to have those papers back or my name's aot_Marca9.9 To be continued.)

-

I

•••••.......

===== 0002601_19060915_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
4- . . . ' ~ It , , , . . , , , •-•• ~ , - , • 1 - tf ... 4., ~.. , . .. '•:, 1 , .1; ..- .'.'' • .-,,,,... , „.. ,- i

Maim'

===== 0002601_19060915_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060915_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
*. • go A, • . • `4 t die - 4 -,uf „e: i=heost ire lity. , • 4y, ; I.oWeat 1., F. e-i c

Cry then, together.

, 4 . .1' 'it:

, • • ' z •

.0.42, . tar ---,-,-, .• P•I : , wlv— : - '5 •- . 71.1.4°-I.P.LIIWITOtgVr ‘47,7:''''' ''' ' l'' ";:.)4 4 ~..,... ...., .--.. t, 474/- .'l4- ''•'- ' k ~ dio-N 4.7:, , .*, .0• , . _ :, .1 i "01' op\ • ~,,4 i \ 0 40 ' "...., ."'", ,1 ..1, ...' • s>. ~. sk ) /11J) S ' '-1 .‘• ' ‘ ,2-.... ~,........., I , ........—, ....,, ~-4 ~,,„: ...,,, C\ 1 T 111) 5„......... -- qSeas 3°ll isbl C Delicacies! 7, SEPTEMBER. yature provides the !fruit: d" supplies the eustar , stecvvl eSaitEASprIF luellsT:Ecumst2aNrrdH.. ,:',*.lq Sliced Bananas & Custard. , .;.../ Stewed Peara dc Custard. ..'%. / Stewed Plums & Netard. ~' `, At, Stewed Blackberries &Custard. 1 Eir: Cre Cry the, together. BIRD% CUSTARD is the one thing Stowed Damsons & Custard. needed with all Stewed, Tinned, t' :i ~e., or Bottled Fruits. It enhances ----..-- ktil their flavour, and imparts to , QIWIII 411 )lAH'*7 \U.LI '.ll- - a grateful mellowness. c„.„............ • .., —. . li ------)1 ,

===== 0002601_19060915_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDTH LANCASHIRES AT LADYSMITH. ---- Sir Charles Warren's Refutation.

The Examiner, Saturday, September 15, 1906.

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] not done. Then get hold of Lawyer Elmore and i stand by to strike the rascally broker for con- THE TALE OF THE sPiracY• ' i "And what are you figuring to do ? " asked ' BLUE -BIRD MINE. , Marston; and Jardine answered quietly: I "Stay here, and stand all jumpers off the , claim." . _ . I The elder than looked at the speaker approv- ; BY HAROLD BINDLOSS, , ingly, but he shook his head. "There's sand in Author of "In the Niger Country," ."A Wide you, but it won't work out that way, and the ' Dominion," "Ainslie' Ju-Ju," "A Sower of law's too' strong to buck against," he said. ; "It's forty miles to the railway, and by the time -,Wheat," "Held Up," &e. i ; I got there the Pacific express would be through. , ~,•:.v::, I It's too late for the composition already. I . The white peaks were fading into the darken- i You're young and innocent, Harry, or I guess you'd know how the ease would go if you started log east, and the mist which rises at sunset to bluff off with two matches mine-riggers who rolled like steam among the pines, who.; Henry could put down ten dollars for every cent we Jardine sat talking with Eva Tourmaine on a shew." . hillside of British Columbia outside her father's I "Then," said Jardine, hoarsely, ranch. Tourmaine owned lands and cattle as nothing we can. do ? " well as mining stock, and at first was notvpleased I "Not much, 'cept to sleep over it. Maybe when his only daughter, who might have made a we'll see played out now.light" in the morning; we're badly brilliant match in Victoria, smiled upon Jardine. i ! It sounded alunard counsel, but Marston was The latter had studied engineering theoretically , right, for,suspense with hopes is torture, while a before he left the old country, and after a very beneficent Providence decrees that definite ,mixed experience in the Canadian Dominion had , disaster often brings with it a mental numbness pucehased a small holding on mortgage in that ' which blunts the victim's senses. Therefore, valley. Tourmaine hinted that it would take ! when Jardine, who had mocked at the thought ihim ten years to clear it sufficiently to make a ,of sleep' I rolled the thick blanket round him among a hemlock's roots he found the scent o 4 r poor living, but Jardine said he did not intend .to try. He expected there would be mineral cedars even more soothing than the boom of the , presently. The rancher slowly dnelopmenta river which seemed drifting him away to a peaceful region wherein claim jumpers were aianged his opinions when Jardine creditably unknown. When he awoke golden sunlight aceented contracts for building rude bridges touched the cold white peaks, dew glinted like aid blowing rocks clear of new waggon roads, !diamonds on every cedar spray, and the world ald finally agreed that when Jardine could seemed fresh and beautiful until he remembered a !cumulate four thousand . dollars and build a ; what he had to do; then all the brightness d3cent house he might clahli Eva, who would not i faded. Neither of the partners ate much break. go to him portionless. j fast, while, when the talk that followed it was "My daughter shall not wear herself down finished, Jardine plodded moodily towards trying to do a man's work in the bush as her , Tourmaine's ranch, and found Eva under the poor mother did. It's better to do without the ' verandah. The sunlight kissed her face into good things than get them too late," he said, ' brighter colour, heightened the shy pleasure in with a sigh. "So if you want her, use an the her eyes, and the sparkle in her hair, and the 'grit that's in you. You can't get much for ; man groaned inwardly. Then Eva started as she nothing in this world, Harry." . I saw his face. .. 1 Jardine had done his best, and as he leant I "Yon have had a misfortune with the mine?" over the back of Eva's chair hard, and lean, and she said. brown, but a handsome man and vigorous from 1 "We have lost it. We are going to make a the clean life of the woods withal, he looked last stand, but all hope has gone!" said Jardine, back on the struggle as well as out across the huskily. Then the girl listened breathlessly to his valley. One snow peak still flamed crimson in . hurried words until she clenched one' hand as he the last glow from the west, but intensified by concluded: "I shall stay until the curtain comes the song of the river, the hush of the summer ..down, and then go away to ROM place where a evening brooded heavily over the darkening earth poor man has better chances than in thiscoalley. I below. How could I stay here to be a reproach flia` you? "What are you thinking of, Harry You are —and it may be years before I have a home to very quiet," said the girl, looking up at' him I offer you. Some day I shall win the dollars, from under long, dark lashes, while the light , perhaps too late, but, meantime, after the loss from an open window touched her winsome face, over Fuller's dam, I am a hopelessly ruined man. ripened into warm bloom by mountain wind and !Heaven knows how this hurts me, but I must do sun.... the right thing, and, Eva, can't ypu see?" ."I was thinking of the first day I saw you, and "What would you do if you won those remembering how you hired me at the railway , dollars?" asked the girl, with a wave of colour to pack in a box for you," answered Jardine, ;in her face. smiling; and Eva coloured. I "Come back, if it was from across the world, "Don't. That isn't kind," she said. "How to Tourmaine's ranch," said the man, in a voice was Ito know, Harry? And you really looked that was strained and hoarse. "And find me waiting," said Eva, with a "Like a wandering hobo. . Well, that was 'catch in her breath, -"whether you come soon or what I was," interposed Jardine. I late. It is perhaps well you should go, Harry, , And this timd Eva laughed as she answered: but when you return, with or without the dollars, "No. I was going to 'ay—hungry." lit will make no difference. Two to make a "I was hungry oftett in those days," said ' bargain, sweetheart, and two to break it—and I hold yiou fast. There; you can let your exaggerated Jardine, a little grimly. "I inn sometimes tired now. Things have gone dead against me lately, 1 promise,sensa of honour rest. It is all decided. But but we have our legal improvements on the i even if those unprincipled men rob mine almost complete. There is no doubt about you, you will use no violence." the richness of the ore, and the Vancouver folks I "Rob mile!" said Jardine presently. will finance me as soon as I get the patent. they not robbing you ? X Then--" And Eva said, softly: Eva blushed prettily and turned away her head. "Hush! Have you not forced me to speak 1 But she had inherited her father's shrewdnr plainly enough? You are rash and stubborn,

"is there

, "Bear witness, I, Henry Jardine, free miner, have legally re-located the Blue-bird claim." One man flung himself into the saildle, Jardine lid the same, two leaped into the wagon, and, as with a quickening beat of hoofs and whirr of wheels the cavalcade swept recklessly down the trail, Marston's roar broke through the mocking cries of the rest and the ranchers' cheers: "Ride for your life, Harry. Good luck to you!" For a space friend and foe rode level, muzzle to muzzle, and tail to tail, dropping the jolting waggon behind; then Jardine driving his beast at a screen of bracken, vanished among the pines, leaving his rivals bewildered. "I figured he'd have made a better race in- it," I said one. 4 It was a steep slope to the river, mattes with salmon-berry, slippery with shale but he went down it at a gallop, swaying low frio4he saddl. I to clear odd branches drooping between the great o ilumnar trunks. Then he was out on the shingle under the moon with the flocnl roaring past him towards the pool, and the snorting beast wcnt in with a plunge, as he drove the red spurs , home. Jardine, who cleared his feet from the stirrups, slipped from the saddle when the battering hoofs lost their grip on stone, loosed the bridle, and twined one hand in the mane, shifted it to the saddle, and saw nothing but frothing ridges while he trusted the brute's instinct to take it safe across. Whether he swam or was merely towed he was never certain, but at least the water supported .him, and the horse, which was used to shallower rivers, managed the steering, though now and then when &fey swung together across a smoother ' eddy he coula See the dark pines sliding very ' quickly up stream, and knew the big whirlpool , lay ominously crose below. But most of the time froth and water beat into his eyes, and the water was cold with the deathly chill of the glaciers • So at last it was with a gasp of fervent thankfulness that he heard sliding shingle rattle beneath the hoofs, and, dropping his own feet, he gripped the bridle and floundered shorewards waist-deep in water. He was in the saddle next moment, crashing at headlong gallop through the harsh swamp grasses towards the forest, while, when he swept into a narrow, tunnel-like trail, a half-seen man dragged two horses clear of it, and a voice cried: "Well done, well done! Don't spare the beast, Jardine." As he rushed past like a whirlwind a slender, white-robed figure waved a hand to him, and the rider's chilled blood stirred within him, for it was Tourmaine's voice which encouraged him, and he spared neither the beast nor himself. All trails are .bad .in that region, but the one in question led over a hog-backed spur which no mounted man could pass in broad daylight, while every minute was precious. Jardine had calculated that he could just catch the pacific express and reach Yale at least before his rivals mule •the long horse Sack journey 'to another mining recorder's station. They had taken it for granted no man could swim the river. At last he dismounted, and, so he afterwards slid, pulled the horse up almost vertically a mile, and once, \lien he tried to shove it, was badly kicked for lk a pains. Anyone not used to them w mid find if, difficult to negotiate most British Cdumbian y asses without a rope and alpenstock; bit they wont tip, over slippery outcrop and under climbing pines, through stunted juniper, and across broad belts of treacherous shale, until the Spectral peaks. now bare of timber lopmed out above them in unearthly majesty, and 'dine wondered in the pale light of dawn how h was ever Ito get down into the valley. Nlither did he remember how it was done, though once a b •anch flung him out of the saddle heavily, and Vac horse also rolled over nearly crushing him, bit at last, smashing through thickets and floun- dering amid giant bracken, they gained a narrow t lid and the beast responded gallantly to his last apppl. The sunlight was clear on the valley, and low,

"Are

... Beres, .aess, 1m slily ssou ? You are rasn auks .......—___, and said: "It is a pity you did not take my ;Harry, but the men behind them are too strong s'iingled ros rose up ahead, when, trail of advice instead of delaying the development work ' for you. You must promise." waite vapour that moved swiftly appeared round so long." 1 "I promise, unless they use force," said Vie shoulder of a hill, and Jardine, who dare "We hardly thought the claim worth exploiting , Jardine, reluctantly. "Heaven bless you, Eva, s'•ew no mercy, drove the clotted spurs in again. until that Vancouver broker came along and i for your faith in me!" And presently, corn- T m roofs rose higher and higher among the offered us five hundred dollars to clear out. That forted, but still uncertain if he had acted justly, simbre firs; twinkling metal and lines of glass gave us a hint, for we guessed the old Kootenay ,he rode back to camp on one of Tourmaine's best s'iewed beneath the advancing plume of smoke, miner who drilled for us knew him. As you , horses he had a reason for borrowing. aid the rattle of flying wheels quivered across know, it was shortly afterwards we-found—what 1 The •t held d Jardine pm nersa counsel, an said: tr. Ones, while the horse was blundering in its we did. I hadn't a chance to tell you that •the , "Our time runs out at midnight, and Evans has s side and the sweat stood beaded on the rider's broker fellow offered two thousand dollars !promised to re-stake the claim for us. He would f mehead. But just as the greatinountain locomo- ttie station they recently. It's a close race to get the legal I take his chances with the jumpers, and when we t've came snorting into the A improvements in, but nobody about here would ; had fought the law-suit step out again." rseled, smoking, panting, whitened. by lather, jump us." 1 "Mighty poor chances !" said Marston. and flecked red by dust, through the street of the wooden settlement, and Jardine, dropping "No," and Eva looked serious, "I don't think I "They'll have all fixed ready—fast horse relay, from the saddle, flung the bridle into a startled they would; but I would be afraid of that city ,if wanted, a locomotive, and so they'd beat our lounger's hand. man, Harry." i man to the Recorder's easily. Law-suit ! „Ten dollars .. you feed and take the beast . It ne of Red Cedar," he shouted. "I am afraid of waiting any longer for Eva 1 They'll buy enough witnesses and bring them Tourmaine," was Jardine 's answer. "The mine along to break us before we'd almost begun." back to Tourmaine will give me a fair start towards prosperity, and I Jardine, answering nothing, stared across the His knees felt useless under him, but just as it would break my heart to lose it. We have valley. A swift, snow-fed river came roaring the cars lurched out he charged into the depot been working night and day, and only need to I down between the long ranks of climbing pines put in the timber ready to constitute sufficient , swung in a mad, white-streaked whirling round at a shambling run, and clutching at a handrail swung himself on to the platform of the last improvement. In fact, I must stay with the !a deep, rock-walled pool, and then plunged with one where he sat down, and for nearly a minute work until I get the Crown grant, and come back , a muffled thunder into a great rift between the fancied he was choking. , to claim you—victorious." !ranges. Eight leagues over the high as on the "Is it a wager or a fortune you were riding He straightened his tall fram4 wearily, and , further side the railway stretched back to for ? " asked the conductor, grinning. then, as he stooped to kiss her, Eva said: ' civilisation, but ford there was none, and the "Something worth more than a fortune," "You look worn, Harry. I shall count the trail wound round several leagues further by a gasped Jardine. hours until the work is done." I rude log bridge. The big express stopped some minutes at Jardine tramped back down the winding valley, I "The claim is recorded in your name; there is Yale, and Jardine, who learnt that no mining blundering over fir roots and into thickets, for he ; nothing to prevent me re-locating it," he said; official was present, had time to send a telegram had toiled with shovel and cross-cut saw all the ' and Marston nodded. t) the Crown offices at Vancouver before he went preceding night, and his eyes were heavy from 1 "No. The fact that you found the money on 'there with the train. He hurried straight to want of sleep. This, perhaps, explained why he ; don't count. But what's the difference between the chief recorder's office when he reached the did not notice that a thicker vapour than the you and the other fellows we could trust to?" import city, and a soldierly-looking gentleman mist rolled up above the dark pines on a shoulder : "Just this," said 'Jardine.. "If I can record stared with mild surprise as the haggard, of a hill. The air was also heavy with the smell dishevelled, and travel-stained miner was ushered ' first the claim is mine, and Livould take risks of burning, but bush fires were common at that 'no money could tempt them to I could get a in. season. At last, however, he halted with a - long start by swimming the river. " "Mr. Jardine, who wired us? A disputed claim, shock of consternation, for the great trunks on I "Have you gone mad?" asked Marston. "It's I presume ?" he said. "I am ready to consider a the rise before him were •silhouetted in ebony lany particulars you can give me." against ft, sea of flame, and then, forgetting his i swum flood 1 not a river, and no living man has ever 2t here." ' Jardine told the whole story unreservedly, and fatigue, he broke into a breathless run. A bush ;the listener made a few notes during the nai•ra- fire of the fiercest kind raged about the Blue-bird I "That is probably because no man has ever t i ive. t was a fairly common story to him, for mine. , I tried to," Jardine answered, quietly. "I'm tired there is frequently 'litigation over a successful of failing, and I'm tired of being poor. Besides, mine and perhaps as often over those that fail. When he reeled panting into the clearing where' you ought to know my prize is worth any man He had also a long experience of the miner's his camp had been tent and tool-shed had gone, i • stakin his life f " Pg s or. while heaps of glowing embers fanned into flame i character, and, though he did not say so, fully Further discussion followed, until 'Marston believed Jardine. marked where the great hewn-down trunks had ; lain in swaths. The timber had been intended for !agreed that there was method in his comrade's "We shall doubtless hear from your rivals use in the mine. The forest crackled all round, ; madness, and walked out to meet the scattered through the district recorder," he said, with a streamers of flame flung theniselveis fromresinous ' neighbours who had promised to attend as quiet smile. "You did well to come direct to, branch to branch, and red tongues of fire licked witnesses, or allies in case of necessity. It was me. But the application may require eonsidera- up to the topmost sprays of the giant cedars. i dusk when he returned with them, and found his tion, for while one's sympathy may be with the The heat was that of a furnace, but Jardine - partner • carefully rubbing down Tourmaine's discoverers the law is stringent, and you were pushed on through it until he found his ; horse, a big, staunch beast of pedigree. Then, carelessly negligent in postponing legal develop- grizzled partner standing blackened all over, as the lingering darkness fell, Jardine lay down ments. I will advise you later if we can grant a I shaking his clenched fist at the blaze and ;to rest, but not to sleep. This time every nerve record." choking out strange expletives. I was strung up and the suspense intense. The For several day.s Jardine wandered about ; e I neighbours and Marston sat'smoking about a fire Are the sawn props safe ?" he asked, i a • • . ' Vancouver in anxious suspense before he was ! and the red light which flickered athwart the , hoarsely. informed that the authorities had registered him !charred trunks shewed their faces were 1 ' "Gone!" growled miner Marston. "Every expectant until it paled as a broad, silver disc ; as. discoverer of the claim, after which he called blame one of them. We're burnt out, ruined, "Hes u— p behind a shoulder of the range. The 1 upon a certain honourable mine financier, and a , busted. The very drills are melting, and there's whole misty valley seemed to vibrate with the ! Iswyer, There are honourable exploiters of ; a jam of two-hundred-foot hemlOcks right over - roar of the river ,• for the drainage of leagues, of i mining ventures, though the opposite kind are the edit. I lit out to meet freighter Davis , qnow-fields was pouring that way in mad hurry I p.irhaps more numerous. The one agreed to bringing the powder in, and when I came back 1 ,to thessea. Jardine, as he noticed the sidelonv ssnd an expert back with him and the latter the whole bush was blazing." 1 glances towards him, felt he could understand arid: "You haven't proof enough against your "It's all up," said Jardine, whose face turned time rivals, and it might be better to leave the--er, feelings of a condemned felon the night , • a curious grey under.the fitful glare as he sat 'before he played the leading part in the spectacle. gntlemein you mention alone. His cat's-paws down limply mopping the sweat from his fore- of a public execution. At last a thud of horse- I are hardly likely to ask an injunction against I head, and for several minutes there was only the i-hoofs trembled through the woods, and there' you now, and could resist it successfully if , roar of the fire. Then, because he was a . was a sound of wheels crunching over rock out- they did.," sanguine man who had faced disaster before, he- crop, Mao wild language, apparently when they 1 Jardine retsgned to his partner exultant, and caught at a faint hope, adding: "It's cruel hard ' sank in the softer places. the expert in due time to Vancouver satisfied, 1 luck. Still, none of the follts round here would - 1 "The jumpers are coming," said somebody. 1 ' i one result of which was • that a few days later be mean enough to jump us before we've 1' Jardine laid a letter from the latter city before Two men rode' into themoonlight presently, , Tourmaine. straightened things up. Accidents will happen, 1 l •shadowy . caving figures about the waggon behind 1 and—""lt's a fair pffer, and I intend accepting it," : them and Marston stood up leaning on his rifle. ; "Accidents be blamed!" . growled Marston. "net' off our claim before we put you," he said. ha said. "Unless that surveyor is very far "This isn't an accident. Some of them thieves i wrong the stock they offer me should provide a • "Anythin„e to oblige!" was the answer. who gave out they were hunting timber-rights reasonable income, and there will be the "Don't wart a fuss. It's ours for half-an-hour have burnt us out, and the company man at director's fee. So I venture to claim the fulfil- or so, and thepurpose to re-stake it f nwe . or . Vancouver started them in. Can't you smell Is. n Ti , 'ment of your promise." kerosene on this ? And see here!" are six of us, all certificated l• 0 1 lA"' "Build h 3 hall have it," your Ouse Oh you s miners. and quite ready to maintain our rights." 1 Marston held out a half-burnt rag, and s ; ' said Tourmaine, smiling. "When you took my "Miners !" repeated Marston with unutterable horse through the river I was willing to climb couple of unused matches before he continued: ' scorn. "A common thief's 'roustabouts, you down. I figured you'd get the dollars some day, "Storekeeper Pierre don't sell that kind. We use mean . A you'll wait the time's y . nyway, you until e up,. and most things you set your heart upon. Oh, silent smellers here. Crown mining recorders lor we'll hurt ' " one or two of you. stand like east-iron by the law, and says the 1 „ss._ . - yes,, you have won her fairly; and / see her in m ant to save ' you trouble," answered the the orchard. Eva, come in ! " law—lf you've not put your legal improvements 1 other, with a grin. "Th,e first man to get this Eve came in fresh and dainty, a chister of red on your claim in tune anybody can re-locate it. I Begin to catch on, eh? Bush fires are common't 1 rtvaird_d on Do , in will win, and We've an express service roses at the waist of her white dress, and a aren't they? And them scoundrels knowing i , ready la' . ' you hold anything to beat it ? smile upon her face, until a flush of colour have burnt us out so we can't put through the ' "Get off the claim," said Marston, sullenly. ' surpassing that of the roses burnt in either improvements before they jump us." k • • Jardine rose as the others withdrew . carefully cheek as she noticed the letter and the expression Jardine said nothing for 'a space, only set his tightened the saddle girth, then too'k up four of the two men. teeth and clenched his hard right hand, recog- ' qquare pegs and a hammer, and stood quiverine . "We never back down on a bargain, and. I nising that a very cunning enemy had outwitted ; with suspense beside a man who held out a suppose you haven't changed your mind since him. He also knew that the poor man who i watch. Very shortly his turn would come. The you asserted your right to choose for yourself?" fights an unscrupulous capitalist over a disputed,l 1 minutes passed 'very lowly;s the, others whispered ~t u ia Tourmaine. with a twinkle in his eyes. ' claim generally goes under. But he was a 1 Imarsaly &bout him until there were footsteps ir "Well, then I with you good illea with rem, stubborn man, who dealing jualY with others, ' the besb, and a strained voice said: I and I guess he has shewn himself the kind of clung grimly to hie rights, and there was an frime ! Pull the stakes up." man I can trust you to. You're starting • fait, There was a rush for the nrst boundary posts Eva aud it was only remembering what your • grey eyes when he answered ominous flash in his gr ! but as Marston pulled g t Jardined ' one peg out rove poor mother went through made rue try to de my at last: 1 another, marked "No I. Discovery," in. A best for you. Well, well, I'm getting an old "Then they shall fight for it. I'm not going 1 scuffle' took place at the next, but he was first man; but I think, maybe she is pleased, too. to lie down while any man robs me, and if they , again, and the remaining corners were staked And' may Heaven H make the le long trail you're want the claim they must take it—tne nest way i . ' 'd derisive Thea. am) ahowling, begilming smooth for both of you." they can. Start now for Vancouver', borrow five simultaneously.lioute ; hundred dollars from our friends there, and pay he e ETLIE END.] it into Crown offices as composition for wort- -

.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Buckley-street P.S.A. At the meeting of the Buckley-street P.S.A. Society on Sunday afternoon the half-yearly distribution of prizes took place. The meeting was presided over by Mr. H. Wooley, who gave an address on" Let us run the race set before us." Mr. A. Greenough proved himself a capable soloist in rendering "The children's home" and The Holy City." At the close of the meeting Mr. A. Jennings distributed about 200 prizes to the members. Mr. J. Urmston read the Scripture lesson and Mr. W. Shaw also took part in the service.

Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. There was a fair attendance at this meeting on Sunday, Mr. G. Smiley presiding. Mr. J. Billam, of Manchester, was the speaker. He made reference to the work of the Church,P.SlA. and the man. The duty of each was to undertake tHe work lying nearest to them' and to preach the great truisms of the past—the great gospel of peace, joy and salvation. They must not be discouraged by small apparent results, but be anxious about the doing of their duty, leaving the results with God. Mr. C. H. Mills also took part in the meeting. Mr. W. J. Barnes gave a recitation, also a vocal solo. Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac., presided at the piano. The Secretary announced than LI us. Bd. had been received for the organ that day, making a total contribution by the P.S.A., up-to-date of 420, towards defraying the cost of organ renovation. Six new members received a very cordial and hearty welcome.

Welcome to the Rev. E. J. Gawne. A hearty welcome was extended to the Rev. E. J. Gawne, the newly-appointed minister on the Warring- ton Wesleyan Circuit, at a meeting held at Penketh on Saturday evening. There was a large attendance, includ- ing. friends from Sankey Bridges. Mr. Withinshew, as senior circuit steward, took the chair. After the open- ing hymn and prayer, Mr. Withinshaw called upon Mr. Mellor, of Padgate, to speak, and Mr. Mellor in a very humorous manner welcomed Mr. Gawne, and told him he had come to a land of plenty—plenty of work,plenty of sympathy and plenty of co-operation. He also des- cribed how the circuit was planned, and how Penketh, Sankey Bridges and Moore were the districts allotted to Mr. Gawne's care. Mr. Manning then gave a few words of welcome followed by Mr. Ambler, a Penketh society steward, and Mr. Wadsworth, Sankey Bridges, society steward. Mr. C. E. Parker then addressed his welcome, to which Mr. Gawne replied, and referred to his previous five years of ministry. He thanked all present for the kind way in which he had been received. Refreshments were then distributed and social chat indulged in.' Songs and pianoforte solos were rendered and the gathering was in every way a success. The rev. gentleman preached at Bold-street Wesleyon Church on Sunday morning before a large congregation, his dis- course creating a very favourable impression.

Hill Cliffe Baptist Church. Services in celebration of the autumnal anniversary in connection with the above Church were held on Sun- day, the preacher for the day being the Rev. Daniel Hughes, of Liverpool. In the morning the rev, gentle- man gave an instructive•address,to the young people, of whom there was a fair number present with friends. The subject was "Moths," which he dealt with in a scientific manner and deduced many spiritual truths. He based his arguments on the words of Hosea: "Therefore, will Ibe unto Ephraim as a moth." The weather being favourable there was a large attendance in the afternoon,when the Rev. Daniel Hughes preached from another passage in Hosea " Sow to yourselves in righteousness, reap in mercy." The choir gave an anthem entitled "0 love the Lord." Tea was provided in the schoolroom for friends from a distance, and a goodly number attended. In the evening the chapel was crowded, the Rev. Daniel Hughes again preaching and taking as his theme the vision of Christ in the Book of Revelation: "His eyes were as a flame of fire and on his head were many crowns." This is the first time that Mr. Hughes has visited Hill Cliffe, and all felt that the great things said of him as a preacher were amply justified. Miss Brundett, of Lymtn; sang a sacred solo very sweetly, and the choir rendered the anthem "Holiest, breathe an evening blessing." Mr. Gandy presided at the organ, and the choir was under the leadership of Mr. G. Moss. The collections amounted to nearly £B. .

===== 0002601_19060915_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOD POISONS AND CANCER. -- Some Startling Results of Recent

Cancer Research.

Much valuable light has recently been thrown upon the nature and causes of that fearful scourge, cancer. Medical experts all over the world, helped and encouraged by the large bequests left by Nobel and other philanthropists for that purpose, are straining every nerve to discover the secret of this fearful disease, its causes, its nature, and its cute. Meanwhile the ravages of this disease are enormously increasing. According to the latest annual returns, the number of deaths certified as due to cancer and morbid growths of a canCerous natute were over 27,500 in Great Britain I alone.

Concerning the cause of this dread disease no definite conclusion has yet been arrived at, but it is acknow- ledged that cancer lies dormant in the bodies of many, waiting the opportunity for development which a low state of health alone provides. According to Dr Robert Bell, " the condition of body favourable to the development of cancer is due chiefly to vitiation of the blood, and the prime factor in this is the overtaxing of the digesting and assimilating organs. Much of the food eaten is not digested, but decomposed, forming poisons in the bowels, and polluting the blood. Constipation too, favours cancer development, as there is much absorption of fetid matter into the blood." Such facts provide still another powerful argument in favour of the adoption of a safe, pure and natural household medicine, Bile Beans for Biliousness. Unfor- tunately, mankind knows no cure, as yet, for such a disease as cancer ; but it is a distinct gain to know that by keeping the organs of digestion and nutrition in natural health we May successfully resist attacks. Bile Beans for Biliousness will keep your stomach, liver, and bowels in sound working order by virtue of their kotent herbal propertieS. They contain no hjtmful mineral drugs, and no drastic purgative, but they gently. and genially alter the internal disorder of your bodies, bringing health and vigour to weakened frames. This is the reason why Bile Beans are so uniformly success- ful in the cure of so many different ailments ; they set right the natural working of the stomach, liver, and bowels, and Nature does the rest.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

ST.THOM AS''SUNDAY SCHOOL.—A number of teachers with friends, had a picnic to Lake Windermere on Saturday. Owing to the interest of Mr. R. Townley (London and North-Western Railway, Warrington) the party bad an extra 'large and comfortable saloon placed at their disposal. Mr. E. Weston (manager of the Furness Abbey Hotel) specially sent ovE r his assistant manager (Mr. J. W. Ashton) to supervise the luncheon the party had at the Lakeside Pavilion. The tour by steam yacht to Ambleside and Bowness, and the visit to Stock Ghyll Force were enjoyed try all. The party returned from Windermere at 6.40 after having a good tea at the Waterhead Hotel, Acibleside. Owing to the assistance rendered by Mr. W. J. Bell (Great Central Railway,Barrow),formerly, of Warrington,the party had many privileges accorded them. The Vicar (the Rev. James Collins) generously provided light refreshments both on the outward and return journeys.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Paraffin Lamp Tragedy.,

A paraffin lamp fatally acc-urred -at Warrington on Saturday, the victim being Mrs. Annie Ashworth Hindley, aged 68, wife of Stephen Andrew Hindley, a retired glass-maker, residing at 84, Greeuall's-avenue. Mrs. Hindley was retiring to bed shortly after mid- night on Friday, and was carrying upstairs a jug of water in her left hand, and a lighted paraffin lamp in iher right. When she got to the fourth step—so she informed Mrs. Blease,l26, Greenall's avenue, who saw her afterwards—the socket in the lamp slipped, and she upset it. Her. clothes became ignited, and her husband, who had gone to bed at ten o'clock, got up and found her lying at the bottom of the stairs. With an overcoat he put out the flames and then called in Dr. Collins, who attended to her injuries and ordered her removal to the Infirmary. She was conveyed to the institution in a cab,but she was so terribly burned iall over the body that she died at 12.15 the same day. i—At the inquest held by Mr. S: Brighouse on Tuesday IA verdict of " Accidental death " was returned.

A Corn Flour Blancmange, Iserved with any stewed fresh fruit in season, is eaten with zest by old and young.

But it must be Brown & Poison's " Patent •' Corn Flour. Please look at your packet—has it the words Brown & Poison's ' Patent'?

===== 0002601_19060915_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
SCALP DISEASE & ECZEMA CURED

Suffered More Than Six Months with Scalp and was Fast Losing His Hair—A Member of Family Afflicted with Eczema on Hands,

===== 0002601_19060915_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
TWO COMPLETE CURES BY CUTICURA REMEDIES

"I have great pleasure in giving particulars of two complete cures de- rived from the use of the Cuticura. Remedies. •

"In my own case, for more than six months I was suffering from disorder on my scalp and m consequence was fast losing my hair. I was advised to give Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment a trial, which I luckily did. I adopted the treatment prescribed and at the end of one month was completely cured. This was at the beginning of 1905. Since that time my head has been restored to its normal state, and no further out- break has occurred, and whenever I have had the opportunity I always recommellt the Cuticura Remedies.

"A member of our family periodically suffered for nearly ten years from dry eczema on the hands. The fingers and palms split and cracked everywhere at the slightest movement. At such periods they were most painful as well as 9uite useless, and gloves were always obliged to be worn. Every possible remedy was tried, besides medical advice, blood mixtures, ointment, soaps, etc., some of which gave slight relief for a time, but never permanently. Fin- ally, che was advised to try C4rticurs Soap and Cuticura Ointment, which we are thankful to say effected a complete cure, as she has had no recurrence of the trouble for the last three years. We are most happy to testify to the efficacy of the Cuticura Remedies in similar cases. You are at perfect liberty to make use of above testimonials. Edward Allen, 65 Denmark,Road, South Norwood, S. E., March 26, 1906." Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour of Infants, Children, and Adults consists of entr- eats Soap (Is.) to cleanse the skin, Cuticula Ointment (a. Id.) to heal the skin, and Cuticura Pills (Chocolate Hosted, Is. lid. per vral of 60) to purity the blood. A Single Set often cores. Sold throughout the world. Depot.: London, See-beep, Charterhouse Sq.; Paris, Roberto, 5 Rue de in Pain; Potter Drug a Chem. Corp., Sole Props. Mirk! ailed Free, "How to Cure Disfiguring Hamosse

EYES TESTED FREE.

MOST APPROVED METHOD.

~ F.S.M.C., 8.0. A. MOST MODERATE PRICES FOR SPECTACLESt AND EYEGLASSES. PERFECT FIT. ARCHER & SONS, Specialists,

73, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE 5615. ESTABLISHED 1848.

TRH Blur FAMILY MODICUM

K"',s WORDS ELL'S PILLS-Al-Rd: CERTAIN CURB for Indigestion, Biliousness, Headset'. Dyspepsia, Constipation. Liver and Kidney Complaints, ,to _ . . .

For Ladles of all ages they are Invaluable. Of all Chemists, ii. 11.. 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. per box. or post free on receipt of stamps to Depdt, 13. St. George sweet. Norwich.

Sample free box will be sent on receiving name, address. and Id. stamp (to Cover return postage). Mention paper. Depot, 13, T. GRORI/R STREET, NORWIC H.I

SOLD EVERYWHERE at is. li, 2s. U., 45.64., and lls Qribridqe LUNG TONIC, WORLD'S CUR, FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS ASHTMA.

Y THE 141.. F. H. ARCHER

===== 0002601_19060915_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOTH-ACHE

OURRD INSTANTLY BY UNTER'S PreveNeselleeeassy.iSirtesspr,,vtacntticr, B Nnuitymein HrAnAcHEs NERVIkE and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNT'S NERVIRE. All Chemists, I. lid. 'Us a meet& for Tootjloctle It hro no equsl. I have used sf encesufdlly for yearr,"—Paov. W. Witaos, M.D.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK YOUR TOBACCONIST FOR

" LUNTIN" MIXTU RE a afraCi of the A Finest TobaccoS 6d. per oz., ti- per ?..oz. Packet.

ih6TIIOI4ISON & 'PORTEOUS. Edinburgh. a

*

Dalesgais a wonder!. ••sterproci o! 7BOOTS & HARNESS. sof- tens so.. pmterves the leather Pleasant odour allow polish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWARDS. u in Ilartletrds.t.s6d.,iie.rs7.l4, of Bee:: 1:1)&c, Ma,en/asio.-y Last DuJww4

1

"In the organism of man as in that of all the highset animals, the materials for the nutrition of every portion of the structure are supplied by the Blood. If the blood is diseased the body is diseased." " Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture is a guaranteed cure for Blood and Skin Diseases. It is the most searching blood cleanser ewer dist covered and will free the system from all impurities from whatever cause arising. For Serafula. Scurvy, liczema, Bad Legs, Pimples and Scorer of all kinds. its effects are marvel- lous. Thousands of testimonials. Sold everywhere at 2S•9d. per tattle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes. —advt. 7. ULAII.KB'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to core,in eithsr sex, allaocuired for constitutional discharges from the UluaryOrgans. Gravel and Pains in the back. Irree from Metrury. liatablished upwards or 3CI years. In boxes 41. 6d. each, a all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through. ors the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln, Advt. To MoTHEßs.—Eirs. WitsstoWs Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natuarl.quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright es bUtoOn "OS all Chemists Is, lid. per bottle.—Advt

•. RATS MICE & •C 0 C KROAC H ES PR IKIrtIIOvSCS.IVARCnOOS(S.CA4S.B4KERIES,SII/9.5 al !Op/hr./sr aliended Tor the clearance of these ct.s.a se spreoriing pests NO INCONVENIENCE MATEVER ay OUR METHODS. conTRAcTs Tookrt. OP PREPARATiONS SUPPLIED CSPICITTSFREt Z BA: • C YEPA" SPECI4LISrS, • , TEL. ...14EEL. STREET . IY,Roo, • • ANC, AT MANISItP Aq '

===== 0002601_19060915_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• '

-

===== 0002601_19060915_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- o

• *

===== 0002601_19060915_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
l

===== 0002601_19060915_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060915_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEM

===== 0002601_19060915_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Ehe erammer gpertes

01? WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES : "pia WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER. _L published every Friday afternoon. The principal mad the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate Lymm, U., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract In South Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. THE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Friday _1 afternoon. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the beet and cheapest facilities to Advertiser,. THE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Friday _L afternoon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. THE EARLESTOW N AND NEWTON isXAMINER. 1_ published every Friday afternoon. The Largest Local Pager containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Havclock, Lowton. !cc. The district thus comprissd s s most important part of the Lancashire coal- fields. • •

THE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, publlsned every Friday afternoon, circulating In St. Helens, Prescot, Parr, Sutton, Peasley Cross. &c.—the centre of the Glass, Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

_ PREPAID A DVF RTISEM ENTS. APARTMINTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LAT. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three SiX Thirteen Words. Week. Week.. Weeks. Weeks. 13 ... Os. 64. ... Is. 34. ... 2s. 04. 3s• 94. 27 ... Os. 94. ... Is. 104. ... 3s. ed. ... ss. ed. 36 ... Is. 04. ... 2s. 64. ... 4s. ed. ... 6s. ed. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... 5., ed. ... is. ed. 54 ... ls. 84. ... 3s. 3d. ... 64. ed. ... 109. Cd.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Elomestft berbants, dr.

I;VANTED, good COOK-GHSHIRAL ; also a Housemaid. —Address 7, 07[7111D RD., Birkdale.

WANTRD.—CiaNBRAL for every capacity ; £lO to £3O —Apply Mrs. BOND, 5, Lacey st„ Widnes, Ladles uld

WANTS() GIRL about 18. for Parmbouse.—Applv, Mn PICKET/VANCE, Manor Fartn. Tarleton. near Preston.

L XPRRIANCBD GYINERA.L. £l6, !doing .1118,f4mily four. 1-4 —RussELL, 46, Spenzer avenue*, Wood Green. London.

NI/ ANTED COOK-GENERAL; small family.- Apply V HOLLINCiDRAKE, 79, Wellington rd., Heaton Chapel, Stockport.

'NV ANTBD Servant GIRL for small farm ; able to milk. V —BLACKBURN, Higher-Smallabaw Farm, Accrington rd., Burnley.

GARDSINBR. age 24, WANTS SICUATION as Plain or Groom Gardener ; good reterences.—F 8., 17, Queen at., Mari)le.

NITANTAID immediately Good COOKS £24 t. lE3C; Genera's V £lB to £22. 113usemaids —Misses GREEN, 379 Lord .t., Southport.

• WANTED young GENER al. able to plain cook for family of two.—Apply by letter 36 LANCASTER RD, Fallow- field, Manchester.

ARDIINER. good all-round, single, good references, s me VT One, preferred. Particulars and wages to H. atsawrozr, I eebotwocd, Salop.

wARTED. GPneral SRIIVANT age about 20.—Apply at once Mrs. BOWMAN, Clithans, Fairfield rd., Latchfrd Without, Warrington.

iviLT ANTBD, thoroug4lv good plain COOK, middle of V September ; small fanally.—Mrs. RASCHEN, The Highlands. Runcorn.

ANTRD GISIVHHAL SISRVANT, used t, trad- ; good V wages to suitable person.—FLYING Durcamszt INN, radihain, Lancashire.

WA re ED. 3eset r onde Ty op7g IS rL ;orambloenatostv: All

Mancheat.r.

9,111? COUNTY RHGISTRY.—Ii you require a really good .1 Situation, write at once to the COUNTY REGISTRY, 1, Vl&orig. lluihlogi, ManehPsrer.

GIGS BRAL9. experienced, with good references ; Owes waiting for smart girls.—PEEL PARE REGIsTRY, 12. Windsor Bridge, Salford, ftlanchester.

WANTED superior GENERAL. at: once, for lady and two children, age 9-11 ; comfortable home ; good wag‘ O.— Address 3, Carona, RD., Birkdale.

QTPNAYCROFT AGENCY. Cooks. Cook-generals.lionse- -0 maids and all classes of good Servants required 'named- lately.-65. GREEN LANE, Liverpool E.

WANTI3I:), experienced COOK-GRNBRAL (over 23) i family three ; house-parlourmaid kept, comfortable horne.—Mrs. TtralroßD, Clasfryn, Conway.

%Xi-ANTED steady young woman as DENRHAL SERVANT V Faintly three. No wsrhing. Help given.—Address, Mrs. Morino. Rock House, Upholland. Wigan.

Fro LADIES ONLY.—btriking eyes. Sparkle Eye Salve will do It. A perfect eye beautifier. Box and Instruc- tions, Is. 6d.—Address LENA CAFTELLA, Ammanford.

A PPLBS.—Good cooking find keeping apples, 42033. 6e. CIL Vibe. 30. 6d. ; carriage paid in lingland and W ales; cash with order.—Fnagx ROSCOE. Steeple Morden, Royston.

KILLARNHY.—SPILLANR'S HOTHL, High et.; clean, comfortable ; ss, per day ; every attention given ; excursions arranged ; well patronised by Lancashire peopie.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL, stroog (18-20),f0r quiet Christian hoine,tatnlly three ; excellent character. clean. quick ; help given.— SLATTEIt, 11, Wove Park, Camberwell, London.

WANTED cgoox-aigneltAL,2lst September; Protestant; not under 30 preferred; no washing ; housemaid liept; references necessary.—Mrs.Coolr.Drank Hall,St Helens.

WANTBD experienced GBNBRAL, small family : plain cooking small wash; sleep in ; liberal wages ; no registry.—Hrs GRIFFITHS. 5, Hamilton-square, Birkenhead.

REQUIRED imroeMately for London and district, Cooks, Housemaids, Generals. ?co ; good wages.—Apply THE STREATHAM EMPLOYER'S AGENCY. 410. High rd.. Streatham.

1, IRS. RBAD wants superior COOKS, Housemaid- .ol. waitresses kitchemnaids, cook-generals and superior; generals.--tsnotor REGISTRY, Rumboime. Manchester. ll..tah• 26 years.

WANTBD young GIRL as general. Good at housework• Experience not necessary. Four servants kept. State wages and all particulars.—STunns, The White House, Eradicate rd., Altrincham.

WAPTIID, experienced PURSB to take charge of boy (4 years) and baby (9 months) ; wages £2O; good neediewoman , Protestant. —Write, Mrs COLLIER, St. Peter's VicArage, Birkdale. Southport.

MRS. PHitsTON, Progressive Servants' Agency, 44, ssr.ltS sT , Blackpool. The oldest established in Blackpool. Wants Sorvants with references, for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses ; good wages ; enclose stamp. Tele, fle37

===== 0002601_19060915_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
to be VA.

PENKETH.-1100D HOUSES WITH QA/IDENS, bs. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and Is. 6d. per week. IVY LODOWFROGHALL LARR redu2ed rent. 55. WASH LANE, rent £l4 per year. MILL WCREFIT. OFFlClMground floor. Also Upper rooms. WORKROOMS neer Bridge otreet, rent 59. per week. 83, HOWLEY LANE, rent ss. per week. 15, MILL LANE, rent 6s, per weet. C, SCHOOL BROW. rent 3s. 94. per week. 51, NEW ROD, rent Is. 9d. per week. BANK STREET, 7 Stall Stable with good Yard and Cart 2hed. Apply ROBERT Lows, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War- rington. Telephone—NO 66.

TO MIT 17, FOLLY LANS.—Apply Woone & Sox 1 Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

To LET, good HOUSIS In Derby-street, rent 41. Bd. will be cleaned for good tenant.—lpply Woons & Los, Solicitor., Warrington. WII ANTED 000K-GNIsRAL, very good situation. wages £2O, assist with washing —Apply Miss HI7DBoN, 104, Bottom:target-it., Warrington.

rllO LET GOOD HOUSE, Parker street, rent 355. month 1 clear, valll be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS & SON, 9011Citori, WarringtOn.

T Bii Lim House, St. Mary's at., containing 2 sitting- ' rooms, kitchen. scullery, 3 bedrooms, bathroom, de.— Apply J. LUNT, Bridge foot, Warrington. . .

To BE LET, old established Pork Butcher's Shop with House, principal street ; one of the best st olds in town. —Apply J. StinLow, 65, Buttermarket st., Warrington.

Fro LIST OR bia.,L cheap, IEO, tn, Padgate lane ; four 1 beds, bath, h. and e., &e. Decorated, Reduced Rent Bs.—liey at 186,0 r ASHTON'S WORKS, Carlisle It., Coeichedge, Warrington.

BHLMONT. Latchford.—Honae containing three sitting rooms, Bce., five bedrooms, bath. cellar., garden. green- honse ; rent 2.15 per annum.—Apply J. LT, Bridge-foot Warin gton

lIOUSE TO LET at Rocksavage, near Runcorn; two barge bedrooms, parlour, kitchan, scullery; suit widow m couple without family ; rent 3s. ed. clear.—Apply Miss HATE& FrOrfaharn.

T Int LAT Superior ROUSH, No. 9. Westy lane, ',ltch- _l ford, containing two entertaining rooms. kitchen, three bedrooms, bathroom, hot and cold ; rent £l7.—Apply ALBERT WRIGHT, 4, Emilie at., Latchford.

WANTBD a thoroughly experienced WiLITR&SS, excel- lent situation, small family ; wages £2s.—Apply to -‘l4, 104. linttermarket st.. Warrington. I-detached 7111a3

HIIDION,

rro BB LBT (or sold) pair of superior semi-detaeu..- JL Lower Walton, five bedrooms, two entertaining rooms. good garden, &e., Baceptional situation, ten minutes from tram,—Apply. GARLAND, 51, Bridge it., Warrington.

g giVELLING-HOUSH.—TO BE LET, with Immediate / possession, the commOdiOns Dwelling-house. No. 21, Stanley st., containing thtee entertaining rooms, kitchen, scullery, pantry, ten bedrooms, bathroom, lavatory, w.c.. arge garden.

DWELLING-HOUSE.—TO BE LET, with immediate possession. No. 19, Stanley it.. containing two enter- taining rooms. kitchen, scullery and pantry ; flee bedrooms bathroom ; outside washhouse rtnt £25 ; there is an access to both houses from St. Austin's lane.—Apply J. and W. DUTTON. Sankey it.. Warrington. J.

A LL Hairdressers should try Cumberbirch's celebrated ti QUM RAZOR, cbeapest and beat yet produced ; every razor guaranteed ; praised by all users.—Write tor price to 27. RocuriaLrc RD .Shurlehill, Manchester.

BLAOXPOOL.—APARTMENTS near sea ; bed and attend- ance ls. per night for one person, Mrs. Byrors & DUNFoRD, 23, Tyldesley rd., (near Foahall Hotel).

BLAUKPOOL.—Superior APARTHNTS. na reco- AI mended.—Mrs. d. HILTON, 17, Trafalgar rd., New Promenade, South Shore. (Near Manchester Hotel).

(2 MART &HOTS Wanted to Sell Private Christmas Cards; 1,3 splendid series. good commission.—SAnninteNox 8; CLAYTON, Wakefield.

SLOAN-DU YLOYAN Shorthand rapidly learned In a few weeks. Send stamp for partleulans.-11, FOIINLRY ST., Pendlebury, Ilancheater.

SPARIL-TIMB AGBISIS WANTICD.—No outlay. Liberal commission Why not try it ?—F. MILLS, 52 Queen It., LitLiebempton. Sussex.

WANTED eeveral persons with spare time, Be. weekly. Samples P.O. le. which will be refunded.—OL/TiltE, 166. Blythe rd., Ken.lnuton, London.

lUMBAGO, Backache, Gravel, Gout. Splendi4 recipe ken t for 2..—WArre, 122 Burnt Ash rd., Lea. S.B.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
W Co

AMOR &

- Directlmre El:Bleeds Programmes Bovelopes Time Sheets Tickets Posters Day Books Handbills Ledgers Price Lists Delivery Books Older Books Post Cards Memo Forms Letter Books Note Paper Tags Reports Bezkar Handbooks BRWSBY STREBT, WARRINGTOB•

===== 0002601_19060915_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19060915_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
i/ouses anb tanb an Ante.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
BARGAINS IN PIANOd, at HICKMAN'S SALE, Market Square, Monday next.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
How to become your own LAndlord ; easy terms.—Write D., 63, Warleigh rd., Brighton.

QECRETS.—How to escape from Handcuffs. Cages. Ac,, 6d. —Vutcas. 13, Sutherland rd., Edmonton. CIELf-EASCUIS from Burning Building. Send Id. stamp. 5.7 —PARRY, 68, St, Ann's rd., Tottenham.

DAFFODILS, Horselieldil, first-class bulbs ; 365. per thcusand, 4s. per hundred; cash with order. —Apply J. A. DEAN, Woodheys Farm. Ashton-on-Mersey.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
VT MEDALS. A quantity for sale, cheap. —Particulars from lox SATTERTHVAITE, Bury, Lanes. I &SHOT POWDER in penny tins nicely carded, 55. 9d. per gross.—EttECHlM, Heaton It., Gainsboro'.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
BHLBS ; first quality ; lowest prices ; catalogue free.— Mssoir,l, Havelock Villas, Park rd . Merton.

BLA NKUTS Supplied, Factory Prices; carriage paid. RECORD BLANKET SUPPLY CO., 72, High et., Wittley.

TICHOROT'S Musical Sketches at Piano. Concerts, At Homes' Ac.—PRED WILRHIRF, Hanhans, Bristol.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
GIVESN AWAY ! An 8 guinea Organ; or, do you want a Piano ?—BURTN A 00., 13 Listrla Park,London, N.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
81iC01214 INDBPB9DENT.—Assorted Sample. 36 Denny goods, Is. carr. paid —Mn.r.s. 14 Sandford rd.. Bradford. 110 OT DEALERS, write for Price List, 1,000 varieties.— HOLM ES " Warehouse. 31, Newarket it. Leicester.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
NITONDERFUL.—A sound, selected Gas Mantle. The ARCO, to sell at 2d. ; sellers, write for samples.- I..tc.cw, Sow. lc Co., Chorley.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
lADYyterthees lovely gold-eased hracelet, 18et. gold eased I dress ring. as. 6d two, approval,—Mrs. JamEa, 263, Central Park rd., East Ham.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
A Si ROLOGY —Character, Finance, Ma,riage, two years ..t1 future added ; send birth date, is. P.o.—Prof. GOULD, 27, Windsor rd., Newp)rt (.Ion.)

IT2i.MANAiiIABLH UHILDRHN. Advice given. Homes and .chaols recommended.—ltrroa, 2s, Littleton et., Wandsworth, London. (Stamp.)

Alflllo 11,1 BUTTERFLIBS, moths, beetles, Diptera hymenoptera, many rare, good specimens, 24 varieties Is. 6d.—C 77, Mayow rd.. Sydenham. BISKIBS from 2s. 3d , Porte from is. 3d. Single bottles sent. Send for list.—CLayroN BROtl , Wine Merchants, Church Greeley. Barton-on-Trent.

NVISLSH FIANNUILS for Shlrtings, Bl',wee. Underwear for Winter, noted for purity and hard wear, from WILLIAMS & SoN, Woollen Manufacturers, Brecon.

6. UQUIPOISH " Couches, Beds and Chairs (81, sa. and 1 I'J guinea), adapt themselves to every rose, as supplied to The Queen. Particulars. EQUIPOISE CO , 41, Ashford.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
FOll cheap and good Guns, repairs speciality, barrels rebrowned 4s. 6d. per pair. send to G. BAYLISS, from J. and W. Tolley Ltd.. no Bolslze rd., London, N.W,

===== 0002601_19060915_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
riptimirs MUNSY IS IT —Se nnants by weight J. experience unnecessary ; send stnmp for catalogue oldest estnblished.—COCUßANE'S WARESOU9E, Regent rd. Salford, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RAZOBS.—Taylor's Reform. Finest Sheffield cast steel, hardened and tempered to the highest degree of perfection by old Sheffield workman. 3s. 6d. Warranted.— TAYLOR, 183, Butler et., Ancoate, Manchester.

BIACKPOOL.-APEI.HTM&NTS close to sea and stations. One shilling each person. Board 4s.—Mrs. PALMER 93, Albert rd.

BIACKPOOL—Private, well-furnished APARTMUNTS ; sitting and one or two bedrooms.—D., 53, Sherbourne rd., North Shore.

ANTlin, Agencies for Quick-ielling Articles ; good T V ehow-windows.—W.SlmP.oY,Whitley, Northumberland.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
rIHINA MARKET SECONDS.—Cheap Bowls.Plates,Cups, ki Saucers, Jogs, to , all In gold decorations, la. Id. per dozen. in 20. 60. 120 dozen lots. Shop beginner's market large bulk crates. containing dinner, tea, toilet, general assorted crockery, great variety. £6 61. with free tea. et ; hawkers large cheap orate containing about 1,000 articles, 421; 6d. Write for free lists„cheapest in the trade. —ARTHUR J. Hula., Bormacot Works, Normacot rd., Langton, Staffs.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
.amini

lEtscellantotts, On Atalts, rte.

100 C.P. Incandescent Oil Hanging Lamp, 15s. 6d. : Table Lamp, 12s. 6d.—HvaNs, 7, Friar et.. Worcester.

BILL:IE3AD% I. 9d.; CARDS, ls. 3d. ; AriVISLOPI33, la. 3d. per 100. Agent; wanted.—Baocg, 513 Harrow rd., London.

ROYAL LIVER FRIENDLY SOCIETY. £9 book for sale, price/20 Times or nearest offer.— Apply, 42 WILKE:MN ST., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
00K a New Departure !—Six Genuine Uletul Articles, L Nove'tles, ecc , sent post free, 81.—Address, 21, Alva- LAND BUILDINGS, HRH at., London, S.W.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
OLID Walnnt Overmant,e, 6 bevelled plates, 3 shelves C and Pillars ; polishei. Bs. 6d. carriage paid.—Rose & Co.. 34 Harman st.,Kingsland rd , London.

WINDIIItMiCHIS.—APARTMENTS, Farmhouse two tied- two sittingrooms. Permanent Or otherwise —Mrs. DOBSON. Fernlea, Crosthwaite, near Windermere.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
DRINTING for Christmas Cl,lbs. &c.-5000 Handbills. L 70E5 ins., 7s. 61. ; 10,033, Us. ;23 0.0, 21s ; cAsh with order.—BICHARDS, Printtrs. Garston. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
rPO PHOTOGRAPH Wis.—Sensitized Postcards. P.O.P. _I. 50, la. 6i.; 10?, 2s. 6d. Superb quality. Six sample, three atamps.—,Ws• Adincrre & Co., Queen St., rortsm math.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Fottls, OpOros, Zoartlino etab.

OriFF-LIORNOII and GROONRY Business. £45 clear —33, TAYLOR ST., Gorton, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
BALMY BOURNHSIOUTH.—HOTEL DALKIIITH, most up-to-date. DAINTY CUISINE. From 301. No extra,. rplr.

BLACKPOOL ; Mrs. ELLWOoD, Grange Boarding House, Lord st., near Tan,ot Road station and sea.—Terms from 45., no extras, Billiards ; telephone 0656.

DORT ERIN. BRIGHTON BOARDING ROUSH, Promenade. facing 11811 ; boating, fishing, near to baths; terms moderate.—Mrs. HADEN.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
DUBLIN.—WAVERL3Y BOUM, Sackville et., Beet. attd. Central. Mod. Garden roof. livery comfort.

FILEY.—YERN WAN/I BOARDING HSTABLISHMEINT on sea front; smoke-room; tariff moderate —A. REYNOLDS

===== 0002601_19060915_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
IpartmentO,SurMbel3 110u5e5, Su.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
A PAHTMENTS, suitable for two young men to join; t.rms moderate.-27, HOYLE BT.. Warrington.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
APARTIAWNTS at Hill Clifte ; totting-room and one or two bedrootne.—Apply Mrs. LEIGH, Hill Chile, near Stockton Heath.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
A PARTMENTS, Sitting and Bedroom to join with a 11, young man. Central pomition Warrington.—Addrese W. 8., Baaminer" Office.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
A EGLESEY. FURNISHED COTTAGE to let. 'Three ti. bedrooms. Shooting, fishing (free). Seaside. Cheap, —Mrs. ROBERTS. Royal Cottage, Maltracth Bay.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
FALMOUTH.—Clomfortable APMITMENTS harbour view; central for town ; steamers ; beach.--Blias HEWITT, Clare Terrace.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
11DLAIJKPOOL (Promenade) —Public anti Private APART- MISNTS ; splendid position; terms moderate.—Mrs HOLMES, 11. Tyldesley Terrace.

BLACKPOOL .--Seleet APARTM HATS near:Central Station nod sea, well recommended stomp for reply. WARD .4ND FARBROTH).R. 22, Read's rd.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL.-APARTNIBNTS near lea; bed and attend- isnot, le per night for one pereon.-31re. HOLDROYD, 25. Tyldelley rd., (near Foxliall Hotel.)

===== 0002601_19060915_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
DLACKPOOL.-30, Pleasant st., North Shore, Public and 1.1 Private APARTUBRIS ; four minutes from Talbot Road Station; two minutes from sea.—Mrs. WOOD, and Miss FISHER from Dewsbury.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
DOUGLAS.—Bed and breakfast 21. 6d. ; full board 4s. 6th; beels two persons 2s.—Mrs. QUAYLE, 27, Peel rd.

DOUGLAS.-7, Stanley terrace. Broadway. A.PA HT- MBNTS with or without hoard ; comfortable, homely ; near shore ; plano ; terms modera• e. —Mrs. lissnon.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
I LANDUDNO.--Coestortable APARTSIHNIS. close to sea; and pier ; bath, and fine position.—Moss, Seriol Villa, 3, North Madoo at.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
LT LANDIIDNO.—"Afon-bod" Curzon rd.--APARTMRSTd , board it required ; grand monntain views, near sea bomely and comfottable.—Mra. DAVIES.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
1 AKH DISTHICIT.—To It FURNISHICII CONAGH or 1.4 APARTMIINTS; lovely dlstrict.—Apply HATER, apple- thwaite. near Keswick. Cumberland.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
ORECAMI3II, W,B.—APARTINHNTS with or without 171 board; near pler.—Mre.Urain CLouow,E9 Clarendon rd.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Lo HlCL.—tleaside APARTNIBN ri, with or without board; IA h. and c bathe. Cycle accommodation. Moderate.— Mn. EVANS, 2, Brighton rd.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
OUTH SHOrth.—Superior APARTMIINTS ; sea view ; LIY one minute station. trams, pier; piano.—Mrs. FAuLicrtErl. 23, Dean it, South Shore, Blackpool.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Q 0 UTHPORT.—MIIIII HOLMES. Highgate terrace, 66, Bath it.—Puholic and private APARTM NNTS two minutes from promenade and Lord it. illaminatloas ; home corn forts highly recommended; piano,

COLLECTORS.— Loyal Philanthropic Friendly Society, Bet. 1844.—Wanted, whole and part time Collectors for Warrington and District ; liberal terms and interest In book; no debit system.—apply SiMUTIL SMITE, District Super- ntendent, 20, Thelwall lane, Warrington.

HAPPINESS comEs with the renewed haalth and strength obtained by using Dr. Gordon's Specific Pills. All men's ailments, weaknesses, and urinary troubles fly like chaff before the wind. Our assertion is proved by the first box.-2s. 9d.,post free,from MASON & Oo.,LTD.,Soutti Ehields.

Is a new publication which we have complied for the convenience of all Warrington

FOOTBALLERS CRICKETERS RUNNERS CYCLISTS SWIMMERS BOWLERS, ETC.

It contains a short history of the Warrington P.C.. first team and" A" team fixtures, Northern League fixtures Warrington and District Association League fixtures, local scoring records and facts often asked about, cup-tie chronicles (Rugby and Association), swimming, running, and cycling records, the Works Cricket Competition, the addresses of the secretaries of all Warrington football, athletic, and sport- ing clubs, together with • PORTRAITS of the WARRINGTON " A " THASI (Lamm/shire Combine tion Champions 1904-5 and 1905-6), C. SIMI (champion cyclist). C. 3. STRAW (cross-country champion) and T. P. BRADSHAW (the pioneer of local Association football.) The" WARRINGTON FOOTBALL ANNUAL fis SPORTS RECORD" will be an indispensable

ENCYCLOPJEDIA OF LOCAL SPORT,

70 PAGES FOR in. ON SALE TO-DAY, AT ALL NEWSAGENTS, AND AT THE "EXAMINER OFFICE." BEINSEY ST., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
er Saturday, September 3.5, 1906.

Apartnatnt6 furnisbal*?ottOefS, Sze.

1/0n5t5,3300, Etbt *totk at.

O N SALE BAY CART WILDING, 16•2, rising five; soond.and a good worker.—J. CORKS. The Vale,Bowdon.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
UOR SALE Grey PARROT, guaranteed tatk.r. 2i years old. Say anything. Inep.ction invited. Price 45 or near offer.—J. TAYLoti House agent 15 Grant' wey rd .Widne s

===== 0002601_19060915_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
QT. ANNES-ON-SHA.—APARTMENIS. Mils DYSON, KJ Peru Dene. South Drive.

ON SALK, HORSE 14 hands, quiet and good worker. also harness ; £lO or will exchange for pigs to value.-217, SCHOLEL Wigan.

Q &SANT WEL•ziH PONY (white) 10 hands ; fast, strong, Warranted sound, pass anything £lO 108.-17, GREENHEYS ROAD, Liverpool.

QANDBaCti SCHOOL, CHliSHlßE.—Moderate L. 7 Fees. Illustrated Prospectus from Headmsster.

UNIVERSITY SCHOOL, S iUTHPORT.— A Most Successful Boarding School .for Boys.

W. MiNDIIRSON, 52. i. '.rincipal.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
VALB OF CONWAY. Farmhouse, Clomfortible APART- MEINTB or le part furnished. Beautifully situated. Moderate.—ifonEnie, Llican lea, TaLy-Cafn. Conway.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
etc.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Vartnergbip, tustntsses,, dr.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
/ ILD POSTAGEC STAMPS for competitions, 21. 6,1. per l_l 10,000.—D:to3xscat. 2, Dudbope Crescent, Dundee.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
DAIRY BUSINIISS, London, for sale; old-established ; same family 25 years ; prominent position ; safe start for beginners.—MOßGAN. High it.. Alrlgate IL

===== 0002601_19060915_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
-VOR WALE. Half-Gallon BOTANIC BEHR BUSINBSS, _l2 as a going concern. Business taught Bad health reason for selling.—LIPTROT, Atherton House, Orrell, Dear Wigan.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Ertilanteb

A PROFITABLE{ Industry, mall outlay ; particulars 11 6o.—Miss WILLIAMS. Cralgangus, Cheltenham.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
AlORTGAGNS.—Securttles are required by Mr. STZPHEN- SON, Surveyor, 14, Queen Victoria it., London.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
A GENTS wanted, splendid Id. line; repeat orders certain; I'l pays well.-13.morEs, 116. Higb rd.. Cblowick.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
lIIIISTIMONIALS, to., well typed (elergymau'A daughter). Many Prize M.—Mlas ADA MOOItE, Duffield, Derby

IvANTISD, Detached Cottage (6 rooms), Garden, Orchard, Pasture---. B,' d'o Gosling, Abbotsbury rd., Weymouth.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
RIVAIEI CHRISTMAS CARDS—Agents Wanted. Sample free ; beat terna6.-IC. 8c CO., Slate st., Leicester.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED, strong Farm LAD, about 17, able to mllk ; to live in,.._Apply, S. HowARTa. Lane Hnd farm, Heywood.

AGENTS.—Bither sex for private Christmas cards ; 100 designs ; high commission.-11. Boannwt. Tyldesley, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
I WANTBD by Butcher strong YOUTH es hnprayer. One used to horses and cows. —Mr. Porrs, Butcher, Audtem, Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
A GENTS WANTED for Private Xmas Cards, good selec- n, tion, good commission Apply, Dept. 8,, COOPER PRIMING CO. LTD., Burnley, Lancs.

PWIMIUM BONDS.—Safe as Consuls, offering premiums of £24,0G0 an. ; pamphlet with mice. (cash or Instal- ments) free. —SNIT Et Co Woodhouse, Sheffield.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
DISIRIOT AGENTS wanted, ladles or gentlemen, in towns and rural districts, for remunerative spare time appointment —YATES & BARRY. 1, Crosanall. at • Liverpool.

CDRATE WANTED. Priest ; wood worker and visitor, no extreme views ; £l7o.—Address, with particulars, and irlvlng references. VICAR. St. James's Chorley, Lancashire.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
DAIRIBS WANTED ; cans provided if required.— LANCAPEIRE HYGIENIC LUIRIFS, LTD,, chief offices 65 to 85 Mulberry St., Ilulme, Manchester. Largest firm of dairymen in Bngland.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Olatrfirtonp

Iffotor Cargo evetts, Qarrtarø, ett

CO SALE, second-hand BICYCLE in good condltion,price 30e.-26. MoNxe Si., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
/110 DOCTORS and OTHIIRe.—On Sale, Park PIORTON, 1 good elndition.—RUSßELL, 17, Boothroyden, Blackp,k3l,

===== 0002601_19060915_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
To BR SOLD—One BUSINESS TRAP, One Reeking cart, one Halli-Car•—Apply to Mr. B. CORLETT, Cross lane, Barleetown,

FOUR-WHIMLED VAN, suitable for laundry people or country carrier, strung and In good condition.—Apply 13, BELVOM RD„ Whines.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Iftebtral

===== 0002601_19060915_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
INVALID LADIES.—Rest Cure, Maesage, Me,Beal Ele3- trielty.—MATßow. 51, Mary leborie rd., W.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
RMUM &c.—Perfect remedy, certain cure, post free, SE—SPECIALIST, 363, Allison it., GlasZow.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
RHEUMATISM. most inveterate cured, made from fluid beet ,tc., la. 3d. tree.--aCOTT, 6, Thir(well Terrace. Carlisle.

SURGIOAL APPLlANUES.—lllustrated catalogue, with assorted samples, Is. ; packed In plain cover.--KING Ltt CO., Whitney•road, Eastbourne.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED SUFFERERS from Lumbago or Dropsy to send Postal Order vskie Is, 2d. for certain cure.—l. ASHWORTH, Buxton, Chorley.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
lIA DIG RSTI ON I—Chronic sufferers permanently cured by DIG&STA, le ltd. poet free.—G. W. FREDRRICK'S, 4 George yard, Sadler (late, Derby.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
WALLASEY GRAMMAR SCOOL. Boarders taken by R. A. Fourameod.A., Kitereggan.Mount rd., New Brighton.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
euratten.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
GARNETTS' FURNITURE

INEXPHSSIVE.

VP-TO-DATE.

GARNETTS' FURNITURE

INEXPENSIVE.

UP-TO•DATE.

AGENTS FOR THE GUNN SECTIONAL BOOKCASE.

GARNETTS' FURNITURE

===== 0002601_19060915_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
INEXPENSIVE.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
UP-TO-DATE.

THE EXAMINER.

SEPTEMBER 15th 1906.

Even the lay mind has THE LATCHKEY been much struck by the VOTER. far-reaching effects of " case " law. The decision of the House of Lords in the Scottish Churches case necessitated fresh legislation, the Taff Vale decision is the direct cause of the Trade Disputes Bill now before Parliament the recent judgment of the Curt of Appeal in the West Riding case decided in effect that Parliament had failed to accomplish what it meant to do in 1902, and now last year's decision in the Devonport latchkey case is providing work, and occasionally amusement, for those who are engaged in and about the Revision Courts. One effect of the deci- sion of the Court of Appeal is already apparent. Thousands of persons who have never been on the register before will, as a direct result, now become enfranchised, and many who have been on the list of Parliamentary voters only as lodgers will in future be entitled to vote as occupiers, which means that they will be able to Ivote at municipal as well as Parliamentary elec- tions. As interpretations of the law itself vary, so also, apparently, do interpretations of the judg- ments in such cases as Kent v. Fittall, judgments which are intended to lay down what the law real means. afferent revising barristers are givii different rulings, and it seems extremely lil, that we may have another test case in the - Court to elucidate the judgment, or, to be decide what is " control." One barrister rules that where the landlord resides on the premises the presumption is that he has control; another says that unless distinct evidenee of the control of the landlord is put before him he shall presume there is none. Which of these is the proper pro- cedure it is not for us to say, but we are always in favout of making access to the register as easy as possible. The Devonport decision was welcomed for the very reason that it meant the addition of a great number of voters to the list, and we are sorry to see the possibility of the number being limited by different-interpretations of the meaning of "control.' There is something distinctly humorous in the idea of a tenitnt having to call his landlord, who lives on the same premises, to say that he has no control. In one case the tenant cmtended that he con- trolled the landlord. There was a mutual arrangement that the last in at night should bolt the door, but the tenant persisted before the Court that while he had a right to demand that the landlord should bolt the door, the landlord had no right to demand that the tenant should do it. Therefore the tenant controlled the landlord. And so on. Whimsical situations are being set up all round, and revising barristers are having a very happy time. All this must, of course,. convince us of the labsolute necessity of some amendment of the IRegistration laws. What does it matter whether a man lives in a small house or is a ;joint tenant, or rents rodms from a land- lord who lives on the same premises? Under whichever condition he lives he is equally a member of the State, a citizen, and should , be given the rights and privileges of his position. ISo long as our present method of registration lasts so long will parties fight one another in the Revi- sion Courts, and will respectively endeavour to find reasons for keeping men off the register. Drastic reform of the Registration laws is needed. A shorter qualifying period is a necessity,and we do not see any reason why a man whose name is not on the register should not be able to make a sworn declaration before the Rsturnin,g Officer even on the day of election. The great anxiety displayed by the agents of both parties at this time of the year to keep people who are actually, but perhaps not technically, qualified is very saddening, for we are always sorry to see any citizen deprived o f the franchise. He is never deprived, on technical grounds, of the " privilege" of paying rates and taxes, and it should be made easy for every rate and tax payer to have his name on the voting-list, and to keep it there so long as he resides in the constituency. Registration reform will no doubt soon be tackled by the Government. SJ far as we are concerned, the sooner they tackle it the I better.

illy sing ,ikelY gigh essof

• Though Prot. CHAMBERS or dead, and WOI COMMERCE AND than it ever Filen TRADE. Beaconsfield's t. affords food f( odd quarters. There are people left T ing love for the schemes which Mr. espoused in a mad moment, and he ultimately wrecked the Con, The Association of Chambers of Comt,. upon the question on Wednesday, but unanimols in the desire for a Jar trade a resolution in favour of

ion is more 3e darnned was in Lord ;ime it stilt or debate in 7ith a linge.r- lhamberlaigh n whic4 dive Party. ace touched while prety Imperial - Trade

)tecti

thi‘ iservw

trough

Lmerce

larger Free

•

01311111111111111

OiffiMM

'Ti

===== 0002601_19060915_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 .4k4 I'4

===== 0002601_19060915_art0126.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 1

===== 0002601_19060915_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
s t i 1

===== 0002601_19060915_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Nee!",."

===== 0002601_19060915_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Was passed "in the absence of practical Proposals " from the Colonies. While the resolu- tion is interesting, as indicating .the desire Which exists for preferential tariffs within the Empire, it has no political .importance. The issue of Free Trade and Protection is dead ; nothing snort of a miracle can revive it. The tarift propaganda has been quietly dropped by its advocates in the Press. Free Traders have grown tired of pointing the moral of the trade statistics, Which month by month give a more complete answer to Mr. Charnberlain's challenge. The facts have finally destroyed the plausibility of the tariff case. Mr. Chamberlain took his stand on the facts, and had the misfortune to commence his campaign just as the facts were about to tell most heavily against him. He took exports as his test, and exports have been his undoing.

The revision of the voters' lists has not caused much trouble in Warrington this veer. We had expected some sort of aftermath from the general election in the shape of active opposition by the political agents, but these gentlemen preserved the usual amiable front to one another. True,the Conserva- tive agent opposed the votes of a couple of Liberal ex-councillors and succeeded in getting one vote refused. But when the Liberal agent questioned the qualification of Mr.R. Pierpoint's late election agent matters were almost all square again. There I Would have been little interest in the revision but for the advent of Mr. S. Gough, who still has a Page all to himself at the end of the register. Mr. Gough desired to have his name removed from the list of persons convicted under the Corrupt Prac- tices Act and to be re-instated as a voter. The barrister gave Mr. Gough a very patient hearing llnd acknowledged that is case presented some Ilovel features, but the best he could do , for him was to state that his disqualification as a 1 voter was only for 5 years' dating of course from the date of his conviction in February 1904. Mr. Gough had only a few hours rejoicing in this semi- reprieve, however, for at :the evening sitting, of the' Court, the Barrister announced that under the particular section of the Act upon which Mr. Gough was convicted he was disqualified for seven years and not five. Mr. Gough's fate therefore seems irrevocably sealed until 1911. But he is such a stubborn individual that we should not be surprised at him bobbing no again with another ingenious excuse either for entering the Town :,. Council or exercising the right Co vote. i

THE VOTERS' LISTS.

The peculiarity of the Harvest Moon is that it rises for several days nearly at sunset and about the same time. This has some- thin,, to do with the autumnal equinox. Probably 11.3 has also to do with the curious fact that. when the crops are quite ready to he taken in, • Providence provided, almost invariably, a spell of fine weather. But if the farmer thinks that such Weather is going to last, and that he need net bestir himself, he is usually disappointed. The Tule is that when the corn is ripe the greatest economy in time must be observed. The corn must be cut, tied in sheaves, and placed upright in stooks. Foar sheaves usually go to a stook, end the idea of soldiers "piling arms," no doubt, was originally derived from the luethod of stooking the corn. The object, of 'course, is that the straw may be thoroughly tiried before it is carted away and stacked. If stacked when damp, by spontaneous combustion the rick may catch alight. Therefore, at the Paement the corn is quite dry it should be taken , Now,with the perversity peculiar to humanity, it frequently happens that the best time for the harvesting is app7oached on a Saturday night, and , the Sunday is gloriously hot. Nevertheless, . although according to Scripture, the ass was Pulled out of the pit on the Sabbath day, if a farmer dared to harvest on the Sunday he would be e sent to Coventry by his pious neighbours. So be refrains, and grumbles inwardly while he attends bivine worship. That evening the mist descends, ' and next morning a fine rain saturates everything. Possibly the entire crop is lost, No matter ; religious observance must be kept up, thus . exemplifying the ancient proverb that there is = many a slip betwixt the stook and the stack.

HARVESTING.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND• NOTIONS.

"There is no city in Christendom, as far as I know— certainly no city in Europe—which can produce any- thing like the squalor found in some 'of the back streets of Liverpool," says that city's medical officer * , The domesticated woman has bec3me a relic of the past. Woman-breadwinner is the new incarnation of femininity. Madame goes to business on a bicycle and expects her so called better half to wear the apron.—" Madame."

* * As a protest against the Piawtenstall Council's bye- law which puts a tax of a guinea a head on hawkers, the latter are bringing:out candidates at the municipal elections. * Of all seven days Monday is the least pleasant indeed, it is a thoroughly unpopular day, and it is at breakfast that its unpleasant features loom largest ili the mind.—" Daily Graphic." * * The Whitechapel Board of Guardians have invited the representatives of the Press to be present at the °Pening of the annual tenders. Hitherto they have been oPened in Committee, and the determination to admit the public by their representatives to so important a proceeding is a step in the right direction. Too much public business is transacted in committee nd the more open and above board the proceedings become, and the better for smooth administration and laquiring ratepayers. * * * A fragment of English as she is spoke ' copied from an advertisement displayed in Paris " Bal There is no better place in Paris to spend a delicious evening than the marvelous Bal Bullier and its splendid summer garden. You can find there not only the satisfaction of delicious music, but you are in contact with the meeting of young, nice and pretty faces and this sweet fa:rniente removes all kinds of bother." • Why cannot the Warrington Baths be made more attractive and popular? We possess one of the best Plunge baths in the county, and yet it is entirely devoid of up-to-date appliances for increasine, the Nenjoyment of the swimmer. At one time the bath Possessed a spring-board and swinging-rings, but both these adjuncts have disappeared. Possibly there was Some danger in the use of the rings, but the spring- board should certainly have been retained. Then, too, why cannot the Warrington bathers have a water- chute? This is a very simple appliance which increases the joy of the plunge bath many-fold. There is Plenty of room and depth at the Warrington bath for such things, and the Committee should sea that they are a little more up-to-date. Then there would be, in all Probability, an increase instead of a decrease in bath zeceipts. .

- * * I had ofter heard (writes a country correspondent) to the "Manchester Guardian " of Manchester slum children who have never seen a country landscape. tat I had been rather sceptical as to their existence outside rhetorical charitable literature. On Saturday it was my lot to be present at the revels of an engag- ing band of girls from Angel Meadow who invaded lor the afternoon our village on the Cheshire border. ilnaong them was one, the must exuberant of all, who had literally never been in the country before. Her z'st impression was curious. " Why," she Xclaimedl looking 'with wide eyes on the green elPanse of hill and meadow, "there's no 2eraeteries ! There can't many. people die a ere." She lives in a part in wnich graveyards as common as policemen. "Oh," she was told, .there's a cemetery by the church on the top of the 19." "My," she said, gazing up‘ our modest slope, I,Yd rayther go up it in an 'erse nor on my feet." t<46 hammock in my garden was also a new sensation. ~Wot's it for ?" she asked. I laboriously demon- strated. " Oh, yes. It's what they have on the stage hide the villain in." Had she seen some melo- rama in which the heavy man conceals himself in a L "anarnock in order to deceive? Coming back to the Z,_tl'n in the evening, the sky was clear and strewn jo7v with s i tars. Gazing upwards, she said wonder- 0, • ‘i it Is only n th, country there's so many —Ars

===== 0002601_19060915_art0131.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- -

===== 0002601_19060915_art0132.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IM=MM

===== 0002601_19060915_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_19060915_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 1

REMARKABLE ENG NEI NG FEAT. —Mr. Goodall said the rules did not state any object A SYPHON THROUGH THE SHIP CANAL. for which the society was formed, and the rules did not A difficult piece of engineering wsa completed on say what the money would be divided for.—Mr. Black- Saturday night in the Ince section of the Manchester burn said the question of division was left over to the Ship Canal opposite Frodsham. This was the laying year end, when the members decided amongst them- of a huge syphon on the bed of the Canal to convey selves what purpose they would use it for. He thought the sewage of Frodsham and the stream Hoolpool the intention this time was to go to see the final foot- Gutter into the Mersey. The syphon is constructed of ball match at the Crystal Palace.—Colonel W. W. ** * 61t. iron pipe's, having an inside diameter of 3ft. Gin. Pilkington : What was left of it.—The Mayor said The town clock narrowly escaped a premature end Two lengths of pipes were strongly hound together and Blackburn would be granted a temporary authority until thaitti together with steel of cement five inches thick, the next transfer day, when further inquiries would be on Thursday, and only the diligent attentions of the made into the matter.—The other applications were by eel wire netting. Wh complet d fire brigade saved it. For old association's sake wegranted. should syphon was about 180 ft. long and weighed 240 tons. • should have missed Trinity clock, though it has not To remove it from the wooden frame in which it had been always the most reliable of public servants, been erected at Norton much tackle and 150 REVISING BARRISTER SURPRISED. Nevertheless it is one of the few whose integrity even men were employed, and it was safely dropped Mr. J. T. Foard, Revising Barrister, attended at St our Non-trading friends have never questioned, into the waters of the Canal under the per- Helens Town Hall, on Wednesday evening to deal with * * * sonal superintendence of Mr. Hunter. This work the voters' lists for the borough, and found a big took three Mr. Foard,the Revising Barrister,who it will be seen days to do, and on Wednesday after- surprise awaiting him. Not a single applicant for a from another column has been holding the Revision noon the syphon was towed down to Frodsham vote put in an appearance, and the proceedings lasted a Marsh a distance of eight miles The ends, which were very few minutes. Mr. Turton (deputy Town-clerk) Court this week, is a very pleasant gentleman, for he sealed:rested upon pontoons and another pontoon sailed and Mr. H. Twist (assistant overseer) presented the evidently makes a point of being agreeable with all over the centre supporting it. There was a tug fore lists. Mr. D. Wilson represented the Labour party,who he comes in contact. It is a long time since, we and aft. Progress was very slow. Near the Weaver had made no objections ; Mr. A. A. Slater should imagine, Mr. Samuel Gough has been so sluices at Weston Point the syphon went aground, and': appeared for the Catholic Association ; and Mr. patiently listened to as he was by Mr. Foard on an hour was occupied in again getting it off. On Thsrs- ;P. Jeffrey for the Conservative Association.— Monday morning,for the latter was not only quite day the work of placing the syphon in the bed prepared ; —His Honour expressed his astonishment that " not i for it at the bottom of the Canal began. When partly : singlessioutlh's'thtad appeared at that evening sitting, and affable and courteous with him alljthrough the hearing t%roasnroniC al n cracked i thet en re and alsos d the unexpected termination of that night's of his case, but he shook hands with him at the close, within escaped, making a grea disturbance work was certainly a pleasure to him. Compared with e ..., :•• on the surface. On Friday the firm of Liverpool / the experience of ten years ago that was rather a The swimming season has practically ended with- " wreckers," Gibneys, were called in to assist. It was novelty, and he was glad to meet with the experience out any arrangement being arrived at by the Educa- not until seven o'clock on Saturday night, after three i thin Committee and the Town Council with respect to days' severe labour that the syphon was placed in the teaching of the natatory art to Warrington school Posiictiona.—breiciefroer thhaes sbeehn nrauclhedffirecdull eesanirleieur oinn children. The latest development is the preparation qmuaiciknsgand, and for weeks were unable gto get to rthe of a report by the baths keeper, and this has now to required depth, for a day's work was all undone at be followed by a report of the Director of Education night. Latterly, however, the sand-sucker had been on the proposals contained therein. It is quite time put in operation, and had succeeded in scooping out a that a satisfactory settlement was arrived at. Every / satisfactory-bed. child ought to have the opportunity of learning to I FASHIONABLE MARRIAGE AT WIDNES. swim, and we hope that by next spring, at any rate, the services of an instructor will have been secured. 1 The Victoria-road Chapel, Widnes, was the scene of a * * * j fashionable marriage on Thursday last, the contracting ' parties being Miss Gertrude S. Brown youngest The persistence of the War Warrington school teachers Idaughter of Mr. Benjamin Brown, J.P. , of " 'Brookfield," on the question of half-yearly reports has carried the Hough Green, and Mr. Frank E. Barlow, second son of day. The School Management Committee have agreed ex-Councillor C. E. Barlow, of Farnworth. The Rev. that in future reports upon the conduct and work of 1 Marshall Hartley (ex-President of the Wesleyan the assistant teachers shall only be required from the I Methodist Conference), officiated and was assisted by head teachers and managers when something unsatis- ; the Rev. F. R. Bell, circuit minister. Mr. Harry Barlow 1 brother of the groom,. discharged the duties of best man factory has to be mentioned and the teacher concerned will have tha opportunity of defending himself or her- !nvmhailldstttlleisbsrpdaerlboe7n, siator aotftetnile gdrchoym3aissctetedrsasßbernideensd. self before the committee. We are glad that the 1 , Percy Rawson in th:capacity of pages.—The service committee have seen their way to make this concession, I was of a choral character. Mr. 0. M. Barton ably pre- , which is only an act of justice and reasonableness to i sided at the organ. The bride, who was given away by their servants. / leer father, was charmingly attired in cream crepe de 1 * * * ;Chine, the bodice being :trimmed with real lace and What is a bricklayer's labourer? This interesting lovers' knots of chiffon. She wore a veil decked with point is still under consideration by the Education e nobilneem eltliict eoirlonogm e blooms—roses blossoms,roses and carried a bouquet of predominating—and heather. Committee, the subject having been raised by the .Ellter veil was pinned with a spray of pearls, and she Trades and Labour Council in connectio'r with the wore a heavy curb bracelet. both articles being the gift erection of the "Beamont School." Correspondence of the bridegromn.—The bridesmaid was neatly gowned Ihas taken place with that Council and the Secretary in French muslin, trimmed with lace and shaded ribbon, of the Master Builders' Association, and now , with hat en suite. She carried a bouquet of crimson inquiries are to be made from individual builders in ' carnations, and was the recipient from the bridegroom town as to the rate of payment to labourers soef na silver card case. —The attendantw white ages, pre- thewho actually supplying the bricklayers by the variousted a picturesque appearancei n h sailor costumes , wore gold scarfpins, the gift of the bridegroom. Aft— er methods in vogue. : the ceremony, the guests, to the number of fifty, were * * s'l driven to the residence of the bride's parents where a All . candidates for pupil-teachership under the reception was held.—Later in the day the newly-wedded Warrington Education Committee must in future be couple left for London, en route for the Continent. vaccinated, though it is probable that the present I / RUNCORN GROCERS' HEAVY FAILURE. unvaccinated teacher who delares his conscientious The statement of the affairs of George Partington \ objection will be recognised. Seeing that vaccination grocer, G and 8, Balfour street, Runcorn was gone into is the generally accepted preventive of small-pox, and at the Warrington Bankruptcy Court on Friday last, is compulsory by law, the Committee is right in ruling and showed that the debtors' gross liabilities amounted that future candidates shall be vaccinated. We do to £1,091 Ss. sd. His assets totalled £125 12s. 7d., not suppose there is any desire to render inoperative including £9l 18s. 7d. book debts, £2O stock-in-trade, the exemption clause, but the fact has to be considered 27 lOs. horse, s cart and a harness,a nd Ac., and de e i e2n2nytrwaadse, that the Committee is largely responsible for the therefor, e 29g01! 19s. 10d.. Debtor attributed his physical welfare of both children and teachers, and insolvency to the payment of too large a composition a strict ruling is thus imperative. to his creditors ten years ago, expenses of trying to * * * ' obtain an outdoor licence for his shop, loss on the sale One often hears people speaking incorrectly of of book debts, competition and high wholesale prices of " saddleback "furniture. The correct term is" really provisions. He was unable to file a deficiency " saddlebag," The original saddlebag came from the account as he had not kept proper books. He East, and was an oblong rug -placed under the horse's attributed his deficiency mainly to household saddle for ornamental effect. These rugs were atondanpeexrspoennatil tnexpenditure r iiineoxcienss eno tfavroonfirtisng t , and o imported along with Turkey rugs and carpets. It obtain an out-door licence. He did not intend to offer became fashionable for smokerooms, Ac. to have large a composition. He commenced business as a grocer at divan easy chairs and sofas after the style of the Orient 20, High-street, Luncorn, about 20 years ago, with £2BO and nothing can be more appropriate than that these capital, his savings. He had always carried on business " saddlebags " should be used to cover the chairs, alone, except from 1890 to 1893 when he had a partner From this use of them it became the custom to speak (William Edward Lancaster, his brother-in-law) who introduced £4OO into the business and took over book of a divan chair as a saddlebag chair, so that the name debts amounting to £4O on his retirement. The £3OO of the fabric came to be transferred to the design of of his capital was lost in the thsee years. Debtor the chair. I removed to his present premises about 11 years ago. I About ten years he effected a private composition 1 .

Andther section of Sankey-street is being re-paved with wood blocks this week. We are now within measurable distance of being able to refute the charge of possessing the worst-paved main street in Lancashire, though Bridge-street and Ilorsemarket- street still remain close contestants for the undesirable distinction.

- service I

* * *

Interesting reminiscense; of the political campaign- ing days of the late Judge Bowen Rowlands are given by the London correspondent of the " Manchester Guardian." He says :—Judge Bowen Rowlands had been out of politics for ten years or so, and he never made any great mark in the House. It should, how- ever, be remembered that he was the hero of one of the most interesting political fights in Wales that the present generation has witnessed. In ISM the late Mr. Davitl Davies, of Llandinam, grandfather of the present member for Montgomeryshire, represented what Wordsworth calls the " pleasant shire" of Cardigan in the House of Commons. By his own energy and abilities Davies Davies had built up a fine fortune. His friends said that he put the bread and cheese into the months of a considerable number of his constituents. He was also a warm and generous supporter of the great Calvinistic Methodist denomina- tion. Cardimmshire, of course, was strongly Protestant and Nonconformist. David Davies voted against the Home Rule Bill, and Mr. Bowen Rowlands came forward to oppose him as a Gladstonian Liberal. The contest seemed a hopeless one for Mr. Rowlands. He had not even the advantage of being a Noncon- formist or a wealthy man. He had been a curate in the Established Church before he went to the Bar. His powers as a speaker were also limited by the fact that he did not speak Welsh. All religious feeling was naturally enlisted on the side of his opponent. Still, in spite of all these difficulties, the Cardiganshire voters discerned the fact that Mr. Rowlands stood for genuine Liberal principles, and gave him, to the sur- prise of everyone in the constituency, a small majority over Mr. Davies. Never at any election did principle more completely triumph over interest and sentiment.

yet,..J ago of 7s. 6d. in the £ on liabilities amounting to about £l,OOO. The unsecured liabilities included three for money lent £371 (including a liability to the bankrupt's wife £171) ; the rest were for trade goods supplied. , The bulk of the furniture was claimed by the debtor's wife,as a bequest from a dceased aunt. The remainder was claimed by the debtor's brother-in-law who purchased it from him in November last for £2O. The only book kept by debtor was a day book. He had not during the past three years at last prepared any statement of his assets and liabilities. He first became aware of his insolvency about ten years ago, and he had contracted debts since then in the hope that he would be able to discharge them out of future profits.— Questioned by Mr. Johnson, the assistant official receiver,debtor said he lost £3OO in bad debts contracted ' by workmen engaged in constructing the Ship Canal. His trade had decreased though the competition of the Co-operative Stores, which had been opened close to his premises, With regard to the licence, he had endeavoured to obtain this for eleven years, and he had spent considerably more than £lOO on solicitors, barristers and witnesses. He sold £3l worth of book debts for £ll about six months ago.—Mr. Johnson : With regard to the high wholesale prices. If the goods were sold to you at high prices why didn't you put on an additional sum ?—Debtor: The people would not I pav it, sir.—Do you think that is a justification for selling your goods at a sum that was not profitable ? It hardly is, sir.—Have you sold any of your goods at , a loss? No, sir.—The examination was then closed.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
ST, HELENS.

THE MAYORALTY OF ST. HELENS.

Mr. Henry Martin will retire from the Mayoralty of St. Helens in November next, after having served in the office no fewer than four years. A statement has been circulated in the town that Mr. James Crooks, the chairman of the Gas Committee, had consented to become Mayor for the ensuing year, but Mr. Crdoks has definitely contradicted this.

SMOKE AND SMELLS. ST. HELENS HEALTH COMMITTEE AGAIN DISCUSS THE MATTER.

Ati{the meeting of the St. Helens Health Committee, on Wednesday, Sir David Gamble said he noticed that in some manufacturing towns the Health Committee did not allow the works' chimneys to emit black smoke for more than ten minutes in an hour. In some places the limit was seven minutes. In St. Helens, with their regulation of not more than five minutes at a time, it was possible for a chimney to observe the regulations and still emit black smoke for over forty minutes in the hour. He intended bringing the matter up when the report on smoke observations was submitted at the next meeting.—The Mayor (Mr. Martin) said that a great deal too much smoke was turned out. Something should be done to deal with the greater sinners, and something done to make the atmos- phere of St. Helens more pleasant. —The Chairman said that the inspectors only took observations when they had nothing else to do- If anyone was put specially on the work they would get as many cases in a day as were i now reported n two months.—Dr. Buchan said it took a great deal of time, for the inspectors had to make the observation in company, so that they could prove their case in open court if necessary.--Mr. Brown complained of a most sickening smell from the manure works.— After further discussion, the matter was referred to the Town Clerk and Medical Ofticer.—The Town Clerk said that all he could do was to prosecute.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
A NOVEL ST. HELENS CLUB.

The Mayor (gr. H. Martin) presided at a special transfer sessions for St. Helens borough on Monday, when the other magistrates were Colonel W. W. Pilkington, Alderman J. Massey, and Messrs. J. A. Collins and J. Crooks. Chief-Inspector Goodall said he'had a report with respect to the Railway Hotel, Shaw-street, which had been submitted by Police Constable 70 (Evans), and which concerned Mr. Black- burn, the new tenant. The report was submitted on Sunday, August 19, and stated that the Constable had received information from a young man named Charles Murray, of Sutton, that he had joined a boozing" club at the Railway Hotel, . Shaw-street, on Friday night. Murray said they called there with a friend, and they both signed a book 'of some sort and became members. The conditions appeared to be that they paid ninepence fortnightly, which was spent in drink every Saturday night, and if they did not attend on a Saturday night they forfeited the ninepence. By the Chief Constable's orders, Detective-inspector Dunn made inquiries and saw Mr. Blackburn and the other man. The landlord gave him certain contribution cards and rules (produced), and said that if there was anything objectionable in the rules of the society he would have them amended. He said that the club was not a " boozing" club, but a money club which was in existence during the tenancy of the late licensee. The money was divided amongst the members annually.—Mr. Blackburn now said all he could say was that the club was in existence prior to his having taken over the premises, and he was simply continuing it. He saw nothing wrong in it at all. It was a dividing club.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

MARRIAGE OF A FOOTBALLER.

Mr.J.Tilley of Widnes was msrried to Miss Bottomley on Wednesday of last week. NEW WIDNES MAGISTRATE. At the Widnes Sessions on Thursday morning, Mr. Shirley Timmis, younger son of Mr. T. S. Timmis, and brother of Alderman H. Satton Timmis, took his seat for the first time in Widnes on the magisterial bench.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

OBSCENE LANGUACE.--Jamos Austin, of Weston, was fine ss. for having used obscene longuage.—P.C. Bratt proved the case. THE SLEEPY DRAYMAN. Edward Litherland,- employed by a Warrington firm of brewers, was sum monad for having been asleep on his dray, and failing to have 'proper control of the horses.—P.C. Whalley testified to having seen the defendant asleep with the reins dragging on the floor, at Halton.—Defendant said he had been sitting up for the two nights before this occnrrence with his sick wife. He was very sorry.—A fine of 6d., with the costs, 9s. 6d. was imposed. PIGS ASTRAY.—George Cornelius Duckett was sum- moned for having allowed two pigs to stray on the highway on the 4th inst.—P.C. Barber said he found the pigs straying along the Belvedere on the date in ques- tion, and drove them to the defendant's yard. He there found a boy, who said someone must have left the gate open. Defendant had been served with a notice, pro- hibiting him from removing swine, on account of a suspected case of swine fever.—Superintendent Ennion said Duckett came to the station on the evening of the occurrence, and asked him to overlook the matter.— George Simmons (17) was called by the defendant, who contended that had only strayed to the yard gate. Simmons said they had got twenty years up the road. —P.C. Barber they were eighty yards away from the stables.—A fine of 125., including costs, was imposed. ASSAULT.—Thomas Riley, a Runcorn youth. WAS fined 10s. for having been drunk and disorderly in Church- street, on Sunday.—P.C. Wailing proved the case, and said prisoner twice struck a man passing in the street. "THE EARLY Brun."—Sydney Rowland Davies, a respectably-dressed young man pleaded guilty to a charge of drunkenness.—Supt. Ennion said that he found the prisoner drunk, and lying on the footpath in Percival's-lane, as he was coming from Weston Point at a quarter to one o'clock on Sunday morning.---A fine of 10s., including costs was imposed. BLAMED THE TRANSPORTER.—Mary Ann Rose, a stranger, was fined 10s. for having been drunk in Church-street on Sunday.--Defendant said she had come from Widnes to look at the Transporter Bridge. She was making her way back when arrested. She had had a drink or two.—Supt. Bunion and P.C. Hulse proved the case.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0139.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:P

===== 0002601_19060915_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON

PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH.

The Rev. W. Tunley has accepted the pastorate' of Earlestown Primitive Methodist Church on the removal next year of the Rev. J. H. Rollason. Mr. Tuuley is a Liverpool man, and at present in a Nottingham Circuit. He is spoken of as a capable preacher and organiser./

===== 0002601_19060915_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORKERS' HOSPITAL.

It is stated that a well known Earlestown gentleman has offered on certain conditions to establish a hospital for the workers of the Vulcan Foundry, and to equip and maintain it with a suitable nursing and domestic staff, instruments and appliances.

LORD GERARD'S WEDDING. Lord Gerard's marriage with Miss Gosselin, which will take place in the Brompton Oratory on Monday afternoon, September 17, will be the great Roman Catholic marriage of the year.—The service is to be conducted by Father Bernard Vaughan, who, it is expected, will give a marriage address.

NEWTON CONSERVATIVE DEMONSTRATION. The second onnual Conservative demonstration held at Rainford Hall, St. Helens, on Saturday, was attended by about 1,206 Conservatives from all parts of the Newton Division. During the afternoon sports were held, and subsequently several speeches were delivered. 1 Colonel R. Pilkington, C. 8., welcomed the workers in the cause to Rainford, and went on to remark that the necessity for fighting was greater than ever it had been, because on the success of the Conservative and Unionist cause depended to a great extent the future prosperity, power, strength, and happiness of the king- dom. He did not claim that they had all the wisdom and patriotism on their side, for he believed that some Liberal statesmen and many Radicals had the cause of the country at heart ; but they would all agree that the I present Government had done nothing for the prestige, I the honour, prosperity, or security of the country. On the other hand, they were weakening the defences of the nation by their policy of the reduction in the Army and Navy. In regard to the Navy, it has been pointed out that, if the Government persisted in their policy, by the end of 1908 Germany and England would stand level in regard to navel strength—a posi- tion of affairs which would be very different from the standard set up by the Unionist Party. The Govern- ment policy was also to be condemned in regard to the Transvaal. We expended money and lives there in the necessary effort to uphold the honour of the Empire, , yet the Government, at the bidding of the extreme I Socialist tail in the House of Commons, now proposed ' practically to give back the Transvaal to the Dutch. 'ln this matter be charged the Cabinet with both I cowardice and treachery, and with acting in entire disregard of the interests of the United Kingdom. (Hear, hear and applause.) Miss Lamb, of the London Tariff Reform League appealed to the women of the Conservative Party in the Newton Division to assist in the organization of the party and to join the new Primrose League branch which was about to be formed. They could never have old-age pensions under a Free Trade system, because the country was already taxed up the lilt. The only way in which they could raise the £30,000,000 necessary for old-age pensions was by taxing the foreigner. She asserted, in contradiction to the statements they so often heard about protected countries, that there were no unemployed in Germany, for there they could not get enough labour to meet the wants of the industries. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19060915_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
BOY'S ATTFMPTED SUICIDE.

At the Daresbury Petty Sessions, on Tuesday, before Mr. J. C. Parr (in the chair) and other magistrates, George Coulson, 16 years of age, was charged with having on the 29th August, at Stockton Heath attempted to commit suicide. by throwing himself in the Bridge- water Canal.—Frederick Hayes, of 17, Cawdor-street, Stockton Heath, stated that ke was a member of the firm of Hayes Bros., bakers, dru. The prisoner had been in their employ four months. On the 29th August they had occasion to speak to him about some offence he had committed. Witness's brother took him into the stable yard, and sent for the lad's mother, but in the meantime Coulson ran away and jumped into the canal. They got him out, when the prisoner asked, " Why didn't you let me drown? Let me drown myself." His mother took the lad home.—The father said his son was nearly 16 years of age. He was brought before that Court nearly two years ago for stealing. It was in a fit of temper that he threatened to throw himself in the canal. —Superintendent Ennion said that since that time the lad had threatened to throw himself through a window. —The father said that no later than Snuday his son threatened "to do away with himself," He had had him locked up in a bedroom for four days, and had taken his clothes away from him.—The Acting Clerk (Mr. F. G. Taylor) : You will not take any responsi- bility with reference to the boy, I suppose ?—The Father: No, sir; I would sooner leave him in your hands, so do what you think will be best for him.—The Chairman: And the mother, has she no control over him?—The Father: Not the least.—The Bench remanded the boy. for :1 week in custody, and during that time an inquiry will be made as to the condition of his mind.

Thirty passive resisters were before the Alarket Harborough magistrates on Tuesday. After consulta- tion, the Bench intimated that in view of the West Riding judgment they had decided to adjourn all the cases for six months.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Index to Inside Pages.

PAGE. 2. Women's Chat and Fashions. Science Notes. "The Fire Opal "(serial.) Cheshire Liberals at Alderley. 3. The Future of Labour. Trades Council and Amalgamation. Local Church News. "The Tale of the Blue-bird Mine," by Harold z Bindloss. South Lancashires p.t Ladysmith. 0. District News. Children's Corner. Railway Collision at Winwick. 7. Football, Cricket and Bowling. Penketh News. Railway Time Table. BABY CARRIAGES. Latest patterns.—J.S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Councillor Brough. We are pleased to remit that Mr. Councillor Brough's condition is somewhat better this week. Acting under medical advice, if strong enough, he will probably to-day journy to Buxton in order to take a series of baths. Police Promotion. At a meeting of the Watch Committee on Thursday, Detective Meacock was promoted to the rank of detective-sergeant. Meacock is a very popular officer with 20 years' service to his credit. Ten years ago he was appointed a detective. PREMIER CYCLES, 7,8, 10, 12 and 14 guineas Cash or 18 monthly payments. Sole agent, J. S. GARLAND, 51, 53 and 55, Bridge-st.—Advt. Fire Brigade Competition. The annual competition between the Liverpool and Warrington works fire brigades of Messrs. J. Cros- field and Sons, Ltd., took place at Bank Quay on Thursday evening. The judges were Captain Haslam and Mr, Gallon (the firm's chief officer) while Mr. Fox, of Liverpool, and Mr. Flood, of Warrington, officiated as timekeepers. The result of the principal event was a somewhat easy win for Warrington, their time'being 13 2-ssecs. against 17secs. The evolutions were witnessed with the greatest interest by a large crowd.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0144.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060915_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
1906.

Progressive Labour League. I Two meetings have been arranged in connection with the above League. The first will be held in the Brick-street Mission on Monday and will be addressed by Mr. F. Neilson and Mr. J. Howes. The following Monday Mr. F. Maddison, M.P., will address a meeting in the Co-operative Hall.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLIC BENEFIT.-UNEIER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt.

Music in the Park.

- - -- --- The League of the Cross Band will occupy the stand in the park on Sunday, under the conductorship of Mr. T. Hynes, and play the following programme : Hymn,," Oratory," arranged by T. Hynes ; march, "Bravura," Allen : selection, "Belisario, Donizetti ; air vane, "Vesper Hymn," H. Round • song, "Nazareth," Gounod ; selection, " Fra thavolo, ' Auber ; " God save the King." The Recent Cycle Parade.

- It is now possible to give a rough statement of the proceeds of the recent Cycle Parade on behalf of the Infirmary extension fund. The net sum raised apart from competitions was £220. The brick competition has realized about £77, and the watch competition £76, making a grand total of £373. The proceeds of the slate competition at present in progress have to be added to the above figure and will, it is expected, bring the total to about £4OO.

Warrington and District Shorthand Writers' Association. The opening meeting of the Session was held on 'Wednesday evening at the Winmarleigh Cafe from 7.30 to 9.45. There were a good number of ladies and gentlemen present, and during the first half of the evening dictation matter at various rates was given, this part of the Association's work thus furnishing an excellent opportunity for speed practice, a very important consideration to shorthand writers desirous of improving their phonographic capabilities. The latter portion of the evening was occuppied by the reading of a paper by Mr. A. N. Legge on "Charles Dickens." Such a popular subject was bound to be attractive, and the lecture was listened to with evident interest. A discussion upon the various points raised concluded a very pleasant and instructive night's work.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
UNDER Trim CLOCK for Good Boom Advt.— Warrington Gentleman's Sad Death.

The death occurred at his residence Fairfield-road, Stockton Heath, on Wednesday, of Mr. John Hartley Johnstone, under painful circumstances. The deceased who was 27 years of age, was a son of Mr. Johnstone who was formerly the principal of Lorne House School, Warrington. Ho was the managing clerk for Mr. William M. Johnston, Grappenhall-road, Stockton Heath, who carries on the business of ship broker and forwarding agent in Liverpool, and with whom he was shortly to have entered into partnership. About three weeks ago, when the two gentlemen returned from Liverpool they both complained of being unwell and both were confined to the house. It was at first thought that they were suffering from ptomaine poison- ing but it was later established beyond doubt that they had• contracted enteric fever, which in the case of Mr. Johnstone terminated fatally. He leaves a young widow and one child.—Mr. Johnston's life was also endangered but he is nowprogressing favourably. The cause of the sudden illness of the two gentlemen remains a mystery. -

PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEET BOOTS DI LANCASHIRE.—AdVt. Alliance Box Co., Ltd. The armuel general meeting of the above company was held a few days ago, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, Mr. A. C. Russell (Messrs. Fletcher Russell and Co., Ltd.), presiding. The auditor's report and the balance sheet and accounts for the year ending June 30th were considered and approved, and it was resolved to pay a dividend at the rate of 5 per cent on the preference shares and of 21 per cent on the ordinary shares and to carry for- ward a sum of 309 Is. sd. to next year's accounts. The business of the Company continues to make satisfactory progress, and notwithstanding the fluctua- tions and changes in the requirements of certain extensive consumers the output of the company's work is constantly increasing. It was reported to the meet- ing that Mr. William Henry Bolton, a director of the Company, had died during May last while on a visit to New Zealand. Great regret was expressed at the sad intelligence and it was resolved to enter on the minutes a resolution to that effect. Mr. Bolton's place on the Board of Directors was left vacant for ithe present. Mr. P. Maginn was re-elected a director of the Company and Mr. J. R. Williams, chartered accountant, Sankey-street was re-elected to the position of auditor for the ensuing year. A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the proceedings.

LAWN TENNIS, CROQUET, and other outdoor sports.—J. S. GARLAND, 51,Bridge-st.—Advt. Opening of a New Baptist Church.

_ The new Baptist Church at Pontypridd, of which the Rev. Joseph Ellison (son of Councillor Ellison, of Warrington) is the pastor, was opened and dedicated on Thursday of last week, when Mrs. Ben Few, of Winwick-street, Warrington, sister to the pastor, publicly unlocked the door, in the presence of a large congregation. Before doing so, she delivered a suit- able address, and read an miginal poem of sixty lines, written for the occasion by the pastor. Mrs. W. H. Ford, of Grappenhall-road, Latchford, accompanied her. The dedication service followed the opening ceremonies, with an address by Alderman T. J. , Hughes, of Bridgend, President of the Glamorgan and Carmarthen Baptist Association. In the evening Pastor Ellison delivered the dedication sermon, from the words" My house shall be called a house of prayer Ifor all nations " Mark 11. 17. The edifice is galleried on three walls, and will seat 000 people. There is also a chapel or vestry that will seat 250 adults. It is built of stone with white brick facings, and has fifteen memorial stones in. the front wall. With the com- pletion of the work has come to pastor and people a splendid opportunity for the best endeavour in Christian worship and work.

SIX-GUINEA CYCLES. Excellent value. Call and inspect.—J. S.GARL4ND,SI to 55, Bridge•st.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDFELLOWS PRIZE DISTRIBUTI9N.

_— Progress of the Prince of Wales Lodge.

The members of the Prince of Wales LAge of Oddfellows held a pleasant social gathering at the head- quarters, Pelican Hotel, on Thursday evening, when the prizes won in connection with the fourth annual bowl- ing main were distributed. Bro. T. P. Bradshaw, Prov. G.M., presided over a good attendance, and at the outset apologised for the absence of Bro. George Crosfield.

The CHAIRMAN, in presenting the prizes, said the 1 bowling handicap was organised for the purpose of 'bringing the members and officers of the Lodgetogether as the position of a Lodge of the dimensions of the Prince of Wales Lodge could not be maintained unless they had the hearty and thorough co-operation of all its members. They had now a membership of 470. Unfortunately during the past half year they had not made thatiprogress which they anticipated but if all the members worked hard they would have no difficulty in achieving their object and attaining a membership of 500. (Applause.) In conclusion Bro. Bradshaw appealed to the members to take a greater interest in the Lodge business and to all strive to become officers not only of the Lodge but of the District. (Applause.) The prizes were then presented as follows :-1, T. Bolton (cup and medal presented by Mr. A. H. Crostield M.P.) ; 2, R. Cook ; 3, A. Shaw ; 4, R. Smith • 5, A. Cooper; 6, A. Whitman : 7, 11. Glover ; 8, E. Pinch ; 9, J. M. Finch ; 10, H. Maddock; 11, F. Wisedale ; 12' R. H. Holford : 13, j. Edelsten ; 11, D. Bromley; 15, H. Corless ; 16, H. Haslara. An interesting feature of the proceedings was the presentation of a framed emblem of merit to P.G. Bro. King for services rendered to the Lodge. Bro. HOLFORD, Prov. D.G.M. in making the presenta- tion spoke highly of the work which Bro. King had done on behalf of the Lodge. Bro. King had in words of the emblem endeavoured to his utmost to promote the welfare of the Lodge and of its members, and the mem- bers of the Lodge made the presentation as an aaknow- leolgment of their appreciation and esteem for the manner in which he had done his duty. (Applause.) Bro. KING- suitably returned thanks. His work for the Lodge had been a labour of love. He had always endeavoured to earn the esteem of the members and he was pleased to think that hehad succeeded. Bro. King I returned thanks for the assistance which he had always received from the officers and the members of the Lodge. (Applause.) During the evening an enjoyable musical programme was submitted, songs being given by Messrs.W.Dennett, E. Walker, J. Willett, T. Reddish, and duets by Messrs. Willett and Walker. Messrs. A. Pemberton and J. H. Foster acted as accompanists.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0149.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
5\

===== 0002601_19060915_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
'CROWN LANDS FOR SMALL

HOLDERS.

(BY JOHN TAYLOR.)

"More than four thousand acres of Crown lands are now vacant for want of suitable tenants, and Lord Carrington intends to offer these at once to small holders."—" Daily Chronicle."

I Earl Carrington, the new President of the Board of , Agriculture, is one of the best known land reformers in , England. He owns large estates in Lincolnshire, and Norfolk, and for the last twenty years or more he has carried out some interesting and successful experiments with allotments and small holdings in both counties. His private secretary, Mr. Richard Winfrey, M.P. for South West Norfolk, was the originator of the" Lin- colnshire Small Holdings Association," which was one of the pioneers of the movement for settling agricul- tural labourers on the land, and enabling them to live by their own efforts, and be their own masters. These enterprises have been so successful that many labourers who started at first with only one acre allotments, are now farming forty or fifty acres of land, and their farms are well stocked with cat tle,and pigs, and poultry and crops that they have earned and paid for by their own efforts. _ _

When these two able, experienced, and enthusiastic land reformers took up the question of offering Crown land for small holders, they had to spend a good deal of time in gathering information, and overhauling the methods and plans of the officials who have the control of these estates.

The path of every honest reformer is usually a bed of roses with the thorns uppermost, and it is always to somebody's interest to have no reform at all. So every possible stumbling block is put in his way, and he is opposed and thwarted and misrepresented at every turn.

1.-IT IS NOT EASY TO GET CONTROL OF THE CROWN LANDS.

You must first of all be able to manage those who manage them, and that is no easy matter. Ministries rise and fall, and Parliamentary representatives come land go, but the permanent officials in Government 1 Offices are there all the time, and they usually get their own way in the end. The Commissioners of Woods and Forests have not only the management of such Royal estates as the New Forest, and Windsor Park, and Dean and Here Forests, Ibut they have the control of 70,750 acres of agricultural Crown land. Most of this land is let to tenants, and it is widely scattered over our agricultural counties. There are 17,422 acres of this land in Yorkshire. Lincoln comes next with 13,092. Wiltshire is third with 8,804. Bedfordshire, Essex, Kent, Oxford, and Sussex have between three and four thousand acres each. Cheshire has 2,597 acres, and the smaller estates are scattered over Berkshire, Buckingham, Cambridge, Dorset, Gloucester, Huntingdon, Lancashire, North- ampton, Nottingham and Suffolk. More than four thousand acres of these Crown lands , are now vacant, and yielding no rent. The Isle of Sheppey, in Kent, has 1,157 acres lying idle, though the farms are within fdrty miles of London, and close to the mouth of the Thames. The Isle of Wight has 790 acres of good land that is not earning a penny or doing the nation any useful service. Suffolk has 572 acres, and Oxford 490, and Lincolnshire 357 acres of these i lands, unlet and unproductive. 1 These Crown lands were originally the property of i the King, and he received all the rents and revenues I from them. In 1760 George 111. surrendered them to the nation in consideration of an addition to his allow- ance on the Civil List. If he had stuck to them, and managed them well, our King Edward would probably have 'sheen richer than he is to-day. Some people I grumble at the vast amount of money he gets from the nation, but if they set against that the money the nation ' might get from those Crown lands, then we should have the cheapest king in the world. The Commissioners of Woods and Forests have managed these estates ever since they fell into the nation's hands, and they have given themselves as little trouble as they could. They have established a custom of letting large farms, that could only be managed by rich men who had plenty of money. To such tenants they granted long leases on easy terms, and they had little to do but receive the rents, and keep the accounts, and hand over the receipts to the Treasury. If a lease expired, and they could not find a new tenant rich enough to take up the farm, they did not worry about it, for the nation would never feel the loss of the rent.

You can imagine that an office like this, that has had its own way for nearly a century and a half, will not take kindly to new ideas, or submit quietly to anybody's control.

Lord Carrington tried to persuade the Commissioners to break up a few of their large farms that had no tenants, into small holdings, and let them at fair rents to agricultural labourers and small farmers, but they positively refused. So it required a special Act of Parliament to enable him to become master in his own office.

It is well known that the King heartily approves of small holdings and takes a keen and lively interest in this movement. The Prime Minister is also h. warm supporter of it, and his Cabinet gave Lord Carrington a pledge that he should have his own way in this matter The New Bill,which is practically through Parliament now, appoints the President of the Board of Agriculture for the time being as one of the Commissioners of Woods and Forests, and thus gives him a direct voice and vote in their management. It also sanctions the principles he advocates, and enables him to carry out his programme of reform. As soon as it becomes the law of the land a forward movement will be made without dr lay. Meanwhile, Earl Carrington and Mr. Winfrey have not been idle. It took a good deal of time to gather the information they required, and to start the machinery of their new reform. They could not antici- pate the Act of Parliament, or try to force the unwilling Commissioners to carry out a policy of which they did not approve, but they could kive them a practical illustration of the work thsy wanted them to do, and show them how to do it.

11.--TilE CROWN LANDS CAN BE PROFITABLY USED AS SMALL HOLDINGS.

Of course much depends on the quality of the soil, and more depends on the character of the cultivator. You must not wed these two together, till you are quite satisfied that both of them are fit, and suitable, and are likely to be successful. At the village of Burwell, in Cambridgeshire, there is a large Crown land farm of 903 acres, which has been without tenant for three years because the Commis- sioners said "they could not find a suitable tenant." If you pressed them for a definition of that phrase you would probably find that they wanted some substantial applicant who could guarantee the prompt and punctual payment of the rent. Now in order to keep this farm alive, and prevent the land from becoming utterly worthless and derelict, the Commissioners employed a farm bailiff and labourers, land stocked and worked the farm, probably at a loss. Earl Carrington and Mr. Winfrey satisfied themselves that they could make it pay if it were broken up into Ismail holdings, and let to farm labourers, who knew how to use it, at such rents as neighbouring farms would yield. So they resolved to try the experiment las a private venture and as a useful object lesson. Mr. C. D. Rose, M.P. for the Newmarket Division of Cambridgeshire,volunteered to accept all responsibility ' for the payment of the rent, and to become the actual tenant till an association had been formed, and was strong enough to manage its own affairs. Mr. Winfrey sent his agent down to Burwell to talk matters over with the agricultural labourers and explain his scheme of breaking up the farm and letting it in allotments and small holdings, and in less than a fortnight the whole of the land was applied for by labourers and small holders in the immediate neigh- bourhood. These applicants have formed a little com- pany of their own, called the "Cambridge Small Hold- ings Association," and before long they hope to relieve Mr. Rose of his responsibilities, and take over the entire management of the farm themselves. There are two farmhouses, and excellent barns and stables, and several superior cottages, and these will be allotted to the various holders. The plots of land will be of various sizes, ranging from two acres to twenty, and workmen are busy now cutting up the estate, and fixing the boundaries and erecting fences, and getting ready for immediate occupation. This scheme alone will settle scores of agricultural labourers and their families on that land for life. When they have got their houses in order, and their land under cultivation, it will take a good deal to tempt them away, and for every holder who dies or leaves the dis- trict, there will be a score of applicants for the vacant I land. Mr. Winfrey tells me that his Lincolnshire Small Holdings Association has already let 700 acres of land, and it ruts 2,000 separate applications for more land on its books.

Similar results have followed Earl Carrington's experiments in Norfolk, and his tenants there would gladly take up three times as much land as they have got if they had the chance of it. He has adopted a novel system of settling disputes among his holders about rents. If a man complains that his rent is too high, he summons a jury of cultivators,and asks them to examine

the land, and say by their verdict what the rent ought to be, and whatever they decide he accepts at once. It is his proud boast that the verdict seldom goes against him, and more than once the labourers have decided that the land was worth more than it was paying, sad the rent has been increased. You do not meet with a large landowner of this type every day. The farmers and landowners do not like these ailot- ments and small holdings, because they make the labourer independent of their offers of work, and they send up the price of labour all round. If a labourer gets three acres of land, and a few pigs and poultry, he will never work for anybody again for eleven shillings a week. He can make more by his own efforts, and he can be his own master into the bargain. This rn_qggment has now passed the experimental stage. It has laiproved to demonstration that capable men, on suitable land, can make small holdings an economic success. They can earn their own living, and brill..' up their families in comfort. But I value the mental, and moral, and social results much higher than money- making. When a man works for himself, and is his own master, and he is not everlastingly squabbling about an eight hours day, and a standard rate of wages, and trying to get more than he can earn out of somebody he does not even keep a sharp eye on the clock, for fear he should do a stroke too much.and he does not rush off to the public house, or the football field, to waste his time and money. If he has a bit of land that he can cultivate for his own profit, he spends his spare time there. He learns thrift, and sobriety, and forethought., and he makes himself into a good citizen, and wins his way to independence, and prosperity. The nation has nothing to fear from such enterprises as these, and we may all be devoutly thankful for the good work that is being done.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S CREAM CRACKERS.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0152.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CRISP. AND CREAMY •

===== 0002601_19060915_art0153.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0154.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19060915_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

(Continued front Page 3) Services for Sunday. Bold-street Wesleyan Church, preachers, 10.30 Rev. J. Manning; 6.30, Rev. E. J. Gawne. Bewaey-road. Wesleyan Church, preachers, 10.30 Rev. S. Pitt ; 6.30. Rev. W. Mellor. Wycliffe Church, preacher, 10.30 and 6.30, Rev. J. Yonge. _ . _

_ Golborne-street Baptist Church, preacher, 10.30 and G. 30, Rev. A. Hum, Little Leigh. Latchford Baptist Church, preacher, 10.30 and 0.0, Rev. J. F. Matthews ; morning subject, "The ethics of cheerfulness " ; evening subject," The bad old days."

Wycliffe Re-opening. After having been closed some considerable time for re-decoration Wycliffe Congregational Church will be re-opened on the 23rd inst. At the services which will be held the Rev. John Yonge will be the preacher and special anthems will be given by the choir. Free Church Council.

A conference in connection with the South-West Lancashire Federation of Free Church Councils will be held at Warrington on Thursday, at which an address will be delivered by the Rev. J. Scott Lidgett, president of the National Council.

St. Mary's, Buttermarket-street. The congregation of St. Mary's, Buttermarket-street, are to be congratulated upon the handsome addition to their fine Church in the shape of the new tower which is now almost completed. The structure is a most graceful and imposing one and is erected in the Gothic style in harmony with the rest of the building. A peal of bells is to be hung in the tower and a special dedica- tion service will he held early in October. There was an interesting little ceremony on Monday morning 1 when the top stones of the two final pinnacles were duly laid. At the invitation of the Rev. Father Wilson, the first stone, at the north-eastern corner, was laid by a well-known Warringtonian, who had taken considerable interest in the erection of the tower, regarding it as a distinct addition to the architectural beauties of the town, whilst the last at the south-eastern corner was laid by the Rev. Father Wilson. The top stones of the two western pinnacles were laid last week, the first by the Rev. Father Pritnavesi and the other by a tradesman who resides in the immediate vicinity.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
St. James', Latchford.—Re-opening Services.

For some time St. James' Church, Latchford, has been undergoing renovation and re-decoration. The 'work has just been completed and on Thursday evening a large congregation assembled at the re-opening service. The decorations have been most tastefully and artistically executed by Messrs. H. and S. Chandley and the improvement in the appearance of the church is very striking. A very pleasing feature, which adds much to the brightness of the buildinrz, is the intro- duction of new hangings in the sanctuary. Thursday , evening's service was of an appropriately festal ' character and included the anthem "Magnify His name" which was very creditably sung by the choir. Mr. Davies presided at the organ. The preacher was the Lord Bishop of Chester (Right Rev. Dr. Jayne) who took for his text the words : "And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as unto the Lord, and not unto men ; knowing that of the Lord ye shall receive the reward of the inheritance ; for, ye serve the Lord Christ " (Colossians iii., 23-21). He pointed out that these exhilarating and lofty words were spoken to slaves.. How did the Apostles of Christ go to work on the terrible evil of slavery which they found everywhere? They did not proclaim a crusade against it—that would have done untold mischief to the cause of the slaves. Instead they set to work to undermine the institution of slavery by transforming, in the power of the Spirit of Christ, both the slave owner and the slave himself. It was noteworthy what lofty and exhilarating adomini- tions the Apostles, and especially St. Paul, addressed to slaves. Continuing, the Bishop pointed oat that if St. Paul could address such words to the slaves of that time how much more vere they incumbent upon the Christians of to-day who were not held down by bondage.He exhort- ed his hearers to live always as in the sight of God,to begin by tilling the garden of their own souls, and then to work for God's Church, for their country, and for the neighbourhood in which they lived, making the lives of others brighter, fresher and sweeter. He concluded by congratulating the congregation upon the work which had been done by a multitude of willing workers and urged them to go forward in the path of loyal co-opera- tion. He was glad that something had been done, even in these doubtful and distressing days for those who loved their Church schools and the best interests of the education of the people, to improve the excellent school which the parish possessed. Then they had paid off the debt on St. Hilda's Mission and put the building in improved order. The chief work, however, had been the renovation of the parish church and they had only to look round to see how beautiful and helpful, through the eye, the church had been made. He trusted they would continue to work together harmoniously for if i there was any work in which there should be harmony lit was that which was done for God and the Church.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
PRETTY WEDDING AT CAIRO STREET CHAPEL.

Pemberton—Madeley.

; There MCA a very pretty wedding at Cairo-street Chapel on Wednesday afternoon,the contracting parties being Miss Dorothy Benton Madeley, daughter of Mr. , Charles Madelencttrator of the Warrington Municipal Museum, and Mr. Robert Pemberton, son of Mrs. Pemberton' 13elveir House, Whitefield-road, Stockton r Heath. Considerable interest was taken in the ceremony, the bride and bridegroom being well- ; known in the town,and a large congregation assembled. The Rev. C. Harvey Cook, minister at Cairo- street, officiated. Mr. J. M. Muir presided at the organ and played appropriate selections, includ- ing the "Bridal March " from " I.ohengrin " and Mendelssohn's " Wedding March." The Wride was charmingly attired in a white embroidered Swiss muslin robe, with white hat and feather, and carried a lovely bouquet of white roses and foliage. She was attended by two bridesmaids—Miss Emily Pemberton. sister of the bridegroom, and Miss Mary Hill—who wore pretty dresses of flowered voile, and white hats. Mr.'Benton Madeley discharged the duties of best man. At the close of the ceremony,a reception was held in the Congregational parlour at Cairo-street ehapel,the guests including, in addition to members of the two families, Mr. Monks, Mrs. Holme (Upton Grey), Mr. H. Stone, Miss Stone, Mrs. C. N. Milner, Mr. and Mrs. C. Pemberton, Mrs. A. S. Wainwright, Mr. and Mrs. H. Bond, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Woodcock, Mr. and Miss Shaw, Mr. and Mrs. James Ward, Rev. C. H. and Mrs. Cook, Miss Perris, Mr. J. M. Muir, Mr. and Mrs. T. P. Rathbone, Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Hill. Later in the day the newly-married couple left for North 'Wales ; where the honeymoon is being spent. The. bride's ; travelling dress was a green cloth coat and skirt, with hat to match. Numerous handsome presents were received.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
Town Clock in Danger.

The town clock was placed in considerable jeopardy i on Thursday evening, but fortunately t escaped with- out sustaining any serious damage. .While passing along Sankey-street some persons noticed flames in the clock tower, and a large crowd rapidly collected. The fire brigade was summoned, and was quickly on the scene with the steam engine " Major " and the reel cart. The services of the engine were, however not required, as the fire was. quickly extinguished with a single jet. Upon examination it was discovered that a large beam had become ignited, though the cause was not ascertained. The damage is slight.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
r,! - 7,1 . •

- y•-ttt,_ •

===== 0002601_19060915_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T DELAY IF YOU FEEL "OUT OF SORTS." Or if you have a friend whose constitution has been weakened, whether by overwork of brain or body, by exposure to the weather, by working long hours in ill-ventilated rooms, by recent sickness, or by any cause tending to weaken the bodily powers ; in a word, if he is one who suffers from any form of complaint which may be the result of any of the above or similar causes; if, for instance, you can see that he is troubled with Indigestion, the bane of our Country and of modern civilization; or, if you think he has Low Spirits, that sure sign of some Nervous Disorder, bringing in i train a host of other complaints such as Me Lassitude etc., or, perhaps, Neuralgia, and frequently, Sleeplessness, which of itself is sufficient to weaken the trongest constitution, and to make life a burden; or,Si if being free from these, he is regarded by his friends or himself as being of a delicate constitution, subject to Bronchitis. Coughs, Colds, a tendency to Consumption, or other Chest Affections, and if he, like thousands of others, failed to get relief from other remedies,tell him ' he need not be disheartened, that there is one Remedy whose virtues are so great, that it has succeeded where others have failed, and that there is hope he may be cnred,as thousands of others have been cured beforehim by makine % sensible and timely use of Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. If your friend then gives it a fair trial, he will be fully convinced, as others have been, that this is the Best Remedy of The Age. You or your friend may ask "What is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters ?" It is a Preparation now extensively taken throughout the country by patients suffering ftom Debility, Nervousness, and General 2xhaustion, and if any value be attached to human testimony, the efficacy of this medicine has been suc- cessfully established. Its claims have been tested and proved by the medical profession and others, and corro- borated by the written testimonials of eminent men. Swilym Evans' Quinine Bitters contain not only as suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose, but the active principles of the following well-known herbs— Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Lavender, Burdock, and Dandelion. The use of Quinine is well kown but it has never been satisfactorily combined with these preparations, until after overcoming considerable difficulties, the proprietor was able to secure a perfectly uniform preparation, combining all the essential properties of the above plants in their greatest purity and concentration. It is now estab- lished as a family medicine,and is increasing in popular favour the more it is known and tested. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a tonic " Pick-me-up" scientifically mixed in happy proportions. Sold everywhere in bottles, 2s. 9d. and Is. gcl. each. Should any difficulty be experienced in procuring Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it will be forwarded carriage free for the above prices by the Sole Pro- prietors : The Quinine Bitters Manufactming Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. We particularly caution our readers against imitators, and impress upon them the importance of always seeing that the name "Gwilym Evans " is on the Label, Stamp, and Bottle, without which none is genuine.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

Caapter 2

I

I

I

easier for bo Icli-Naptha

"Yes, she'll made a name for herself." "In what way ?" "Why, she used to be Ellen Cummins Brown. Now she is Aileen Comyns Browne."

"Now, Jimmy, what is the shortest sentence in the English language ?" Chimmie : "Ten days or ten dollar."

First Tramp: "Say, pard, how'd ye smash yer finger ?" Second Tramp : "Shwttin' the planer,

"Do you intend to remain here longer than four weeks ?" "Don't know. I'm going to May until I can button the bottom button of my coat." *

"What is it," demanded the preacher, "that bringw the most comfort to a man in time of trial 7" "An acquittal," grunted Judge Gubbs, waking up suddenly.

"I came near getting that appointment I. was after." "How near ?" "I got a disap- pointment."

Blinkins : "How can I make my chimney stop smoking ?" Jenks : "Give it one of those cigars you gave me yesterday._ I'm cured."

Tined Thompson: "Wuz yez ever before a judge f " Frozen Stiffe: "I wuz." Tired Thompson: "What did ye git ?" Frozen Stiffs: 'Life at hard lobour. I wuz married by a judge."

"Do you joke-writers ever make jokes at your own expense ?" "For the first few years all our jokes are made that way. After that, if we're lucky, we g'et paid for 'em."

She (thinking to take his mind off): "How restless the waves are, dad. They always seem to be clamouring for something." Dad: "Well, they won't get it if I can help it."

Passerby: "Is that your pork down there on the road, guv'nor ?" Farmer: "Pork ! What d'ye mean? There's a pig o' mine out there." Passerby: "Ah, but there's a motor- car just been by.'

Maid: "Please, mum, the baby ha.s gone and turned the jug of cream all over me beet dress." Mistress :"Never mind, Bridget; we can use the condensed milk."

He: "How do you like my winter suit; good fit, don't you think?" She: "Worse than that, my clear; a perfect convulsion!"

"If it's a nice day, come and take me out in your auto, Wednesday." "But suppose it's not a nice day?" "Come the day before. * * "I have no home—i' began the beggar. "Sorry, old man, said the brisk pedestrian, "but I have only one. However, if you'll pay my Christmas bills, I'll give you that." .

Boarding-house Keeper: "Why, I didn't know you kept chickens here. How much a pound is this rooster?" Jeweller: "That fowl is for ornament, not for use, madame. It is made of bronze."

Young Usher (in fashionable church): "Take a look at that stranger down there waiting to be seated. That's a cheap-John suit. he has on, isn't it ?" Old Usher (after critical examina- tion): "No, that's the new style of French goods; cost fifty dollars if a cent. Show him to a front pew." * •

One morning Mr. W.'s coachman was very late in getting to work, and on being questioned for an explanation of his tardiness, he said: "To tell you de truth, boss, I dun got Inahled dis mawnin', and dat's huccome it I got late." "Well, Jim," his employer said, "where is your wife, and why are you not off on your honeymoon?" "Lord, boss." said Jim, "she's dun gone off on de honeymoon; she hab all de money."

The Wife: "What luck?" The Husband wearily): "None, whatever." The Wile: "Were there no servants in the intelligence office?" The Husband (sadly): "Lots of theta; but they had all worked for us before." • •

"Did you never experience the slightest touch of fear in aTI aval engagement?" "Never," answered the officer with hauteur. "After a man has gone through the Naval Academy, he isn't afraid of an/thing." •

Tramp: "Please, ma'am, couldn't you spare nae a little--" Housekeeper g,co

Things that make life easier

It used to be thought impossible to speak to people hundreds of miles away or to wash clothes without boil- ing them. That was before the telephone and Fels-Naptha. Now you can do both. But you can't do the talking by shouting or the washing with ordinary soaps. You must use the telephone in the one case and Fels-Naptha soap in the other. Modern

science is making life >th Men and women. 39 Wilson street London E C

away rram ncrt., or .1 tr can rue nog. yen ray, dirty—" "Yes, ma'am; that's what I was about to remark. I'm travel-stained from my long journey, and I wanted to ask if you couldn't spare me a little soap?" " Soap? Soap? Mercy on me! Is the weed coming to an end? Walk right in, sir, and stay to dinner. You're more than welcome."

First Bad Spirit (on the way to a warm climate) : "You don't look very wicked." Second Bad Spirit: "I am not. lam only un- fortunate. In life I was a printer—" " I see. Your mistakes caused a great deal of profanity." " Yes; but I might have been forgiven them all if it had not been for one thing. On my last day at the case, I set up the line, 'Hell bath no fury like a woman with corns.' That was the last straw, and here I am."

Wife (at the theatre) : " See here, George; you said you're only object in going out was to see a man named Smith, who owes you money. What does that odour mean?" Husband: "Urn —er—the fact is, my dear, Mr. Smith is short of cash to-night, and, as he could not pay my bill, he insisted on treating me. I had to accept, of course. It doesn't do to offend a slippery debtor."

A certain schoolmaster has concluded that it is not safe to teach proverbe to very young chil- dren. "Now, boys, always remember," he said one day, " that the early bird catches the worm." Next morning a small boy used the line with a tear-stained face. " What's the matter, Tommy?" asked the teacher. "Please, sir, you said that it was the early bird that got the worm." " Yes." "Well, father thrashed me!" " What for, my boy?" "'Co, sir, I let our canary out early this morning, and it never came back with the worm."

Jinks : "You seem very happy about some- thing." Winks: "I am; biggest thing yet. In for a million this time, sure! You know the cigar-end clippers they have in tobacco stores? A customer buys a cigar, touches it to the clipper, and the end is cut off ready for smoking. Well, I've just found out that these cigar tips are gathered up by the proprietor, and sold, some big stores adding three hundred dollars a year to their income by the operation. Great, isn't it? You sell the cigar, get the end back for nothing, and make money on both !" "But , that isn't your invention." No, but mine is the same sort, only better. It's fixed so that, when the customer touches the cigar to the clipper, it'll bite off a coue of inches before he can say Jack Robinson."

===== 0002601_19060915_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
JOSH BILLINGS' _ PHILOSOPHY.

Thare seems to be 2 kinds ov absence ov mind; one is the result ov too much thought, and the other ov no thought at all. The man who knows that he iz a phool iz not very far from being a wize man. Grate talkers don't frighten me—it iz the listeners that I am afrade ov. Woman's inhumanity to woman ii the wust trait in her karakter. The history of mankind proves that while they kan rize at times far abuv the brutes, they kan sink at other times far below them. Honesty fust, nest to that cums wisdom, after that politeness. The unlucky hay no friends. Liberty doesn't konsist in doing az yu pleaze, or in doing az others pleaze, but in splitting the diffrence. After a man haz reached the bight of hiz ambishun. the fust thing he duz iz to be dis- gusted with it. The majority ov the world don't kno ov enny other way to git ahead than to pull someboddy back. Dodgeing iz mighty onsartin bizznefi, foeln missing one post yu are very apt to hit two others. Good Ink never enters into the kalkulashnns ny the man ov good sense. I notiss one thing, when a man intends to punish the world hi retiring from it, the world steps gently one side, and lets him went. Man iz so mutch ov a hipokrit that I hay known him to affekt even sins that he had sok bhe nerve, nor genius, to be guilty or.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WATCH'S MESSAGE.

Watch, watch, with your tick tick, tick, What is the message you carry? Now then, good sir, I beg you be quick; I really have no time to tarry. You'll tell me, you say, if you're not overheard; Well, whisper it into my ear, then. But Dolly's so deaf she won't hear a word; You surely have nothing to fear, then. "It's past seven o'clock "—is that what you say? .

"Aid time for all girls to be sleeping." Well, really, kind sir, you can just go away, If you've no better message in keeping. I'd have you to learn that I'm eight years old, And am quite well aware what to do, sir; So I know my bedtime without being told By an impudent thing like you, sir.

A brawny 'farmer presented himself at a country grammar school, dragging an over- grown boy reluctantly through the door. "What's yer figure here? This boy's arter an iddioation," ha daulanded. The master replied that the curriculum embraged reading, arithmetic, alge- bra, trigoncrnetry__" "That will do," inter- rupted the farmer. "Load him up heavy with triggernomatry—he's the only poor shot in the family."

The mothriet, charged with .ecorching on the country road, Waii brought before a justice (4 the peace who had fined him before. "You hall been out with that machine again, have you?' demanded the 'latter. "Frightening horoes, oh Why don't you get a flying machine if you want .e beat time and be eccentric?" "It would do ao good," wearily replied the prieoner. "You would arrest me for frightening the birds."

Miss Bittersweet (to partner): "I suppoze you are very fund of dancing, Mr. Brown?" Brown (who prides himself on his waltzing): "Pas- sionately." Mies Bittersweet "I thought sot I wonder you don't learn.'',

"When my husband won't buy me what I 7:ant," remarked Mrs. X--, "I cry. Then he will agre•e that T may have it, just to get me to stop crying." "I hitve a better plan than that." Said Mrs. Y--. "When my husband thinks I shouldn't, have a- new hat or dress, I smile. That works better than tears in 'my ease." "Ah," said the first lady, sweet!'; "my husband thinks I nm so pretty when I smile that he won't do anything to cnuEe me to stop." And she left the second woman to think it over:

Doctor (preparing to lock himself in his study and work) : "I am not in if anyone calls, A quarter of an hour later he rings the bell. No aner. Herfngs it again. Still no answer. Ha (Tans the door furiously, and eries tc the pace boy :—,"Did you heor me ring?" "Yes, sir; but you told me you wern't in: and I .didn't ik to taka a bell's word before pica's, sir," was the ingenious answer of the youngster.

Mrs. Goodheart had made up her mi..d that most of the so-called charity of the present day was not, strictly speaking, charity,at all. Who- ever gave, she had concluded, did so for the pleasant sensation of seeing his or her name figure on subscription lists, and she did not agree with this ostentation. "Here, my good man," she said one day last week to a man who had begged alms of her—here is a threepenny- piece, and please to understand that I do not give this because I hope to be rewarded for my charity some day, but because it gives me plea- sure to do so." The burly beggar looked dubi- ously at the tiny silver coin. "Look 'ere, mum," he said. "In this 'ere wicked world we don't orften get a chance to enjoy ourselves. Wily not make it a an' ave a real good time?"

"I wish there w,Pre ten days in the week," sighed Gladys. "Why?" asked Graoe. "Jack could call oftener then."

===== 0002601_19060915_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
TRAM ACCIDENTS ANALYSED.

An amilssls of accidents on several tramway under- takings shows that the proportion of reported accidents of all kinds is about tone accident to every 15,000 passengers. Among these are :—Collisions with horses, vehicles, and cyclists, 502 per cent. ; falls on entering or leaving cars, 273 ; breakdown of vehicles on track, 6.1 ; knocked down by passing vehicles while entering or leaving cars, 35 ; accidents to employes, 2.4.

"S/ion' A Work!" , short work and - :r so easy to ntake light pastry, tarts and afternoon tea cakes with 3rouni 4 Poison's raising powder • PaISIC2I i'7lou r." And results are more success- ful than before. The 7d., 3..11d. and Id. packets all contain recipes for such and many other simple bakings.

/

,

It's ev

===== 0002601_19060915_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY, COLLISION NEAR WARRINGTON.

Guard's Narrow Escape.

A somewhat serious collision occurred On the London and North-Western Railway at Winwick Junction, near Warrington, shortly after five o'clock on Tuesday morn- ing. A fruit train, on its way from Crewe to Wigan, was standing on the line waiting for a signal to proceed when a parcels" special" from London to Carlisle came along at a good speed and crashed into the rear of the fruit train. The brakesman's van was completely wrecked and seven waggons immediately in front were thrown off the rails and more or less damaged. Brakesman Heath,of Crewe,who was in the van,bada wonderful escape,suffer- ing nothing more serious than a severe shaking and a slight scalp wound.He was ableto walk to a goods train which was passing, and in this he was conveyed to Warrington and medically attended to by Dr. Braide. He afterwards proceeded to his home at Crewe. Immediately after the accident the news was tele- graphed to Warrington, and in a short time Mr. Bolton, stationmaster at Bank Quay; Mr. C,resswell, manager of the locomotive department, Warrington; and Mr. Parsons, of Liverpool, who occupies a similar position, were on the scene with breakdown gangs. Before noon the waggons had been replaced on the metals. All the waggons with the exception of a fruit van, which was battered in at the rear and left on a siding, were taken away in their damaged state. The driver and fireman of the parcels train were much shaken, but were able to continue their journey. The only damage done to their train was to the buffers of the engine, caused by the impact. As the line is a double one, traffic was practically uninterfered with by the accident.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
ON CRUTCHES 7 YEARS. PRONOUNCED INCURABLE.

Suffered from Spinal Paralysis. Miraculously Cured by Dr. Cassell's Tablets..

JESSE ROSLING, Church-lane, Preston, near ,Hull, writes :—"For seven years I was suffering with Paralysis and Spinal Weak- wee. The feeling had gone entirely from my limbs, and it was with the utmost difficulty that I could walk with crutches. I lost flesh rapidly, and was unable to work. The doctors here said I was incurable. Three months ago I commenced to take DR. CASSELL'S FLESH-FORMING A N D STRENGTHENING TABLETS and am glad to say at the present time I can walk MR. ROSLING (from Photo). without assistance. After the first month I gained three pounds in weight; the feeling came back to ray limbs, and I most say that the cure you have effected is nothing short of miraculous. I am able to work a little now, and have had a number of visitors coming to see me who could not believe that Dr. Cassell's Tablets had done so m uch good. You are at liberty to publish this letter, as I cannot do too much to show my gratitude." DR. CASS ILL'S FLESH-FORMING AND STRENGTHENING TABLETS create NERVE, BLOOD, HEALTHY FLESH, STRENGTH, VITALITY. PREVENT PREMATURE GREYNESS and delay Old Age Appearance. The remedy of doctors and scientific men; the perfection of medicine for weak decaying nerves and body in young, or old. Ask for DR. CASSELL'S FLE3H-F DRYING AND STRENGTHENING TABLETS, price 100. and 2s. 9d. per bottle. Sold by all Chemists, or post free from the famous Dr. Cassell's Co. Ltd., -King-street West Manchester. Advice free by letter.

4107!Z:. 110 14.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0167.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19060915_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON PHOTOGRAPHIC SOCIETY.

Annual Meeting.

The annual meeting of this society was held at the Old Academy on Tuesday evening under the presidency of Mr. F. V. L. Mathias. The attendance included : Mrs. R. Lowe,Mrs. A. C. Smithson, Messrs. J. Harding, sen., P. Dalton, W. Winstanley,A. Davies, J. W. Brown, F. Garside (hon. treasurer), and A. C. Smithson (hon. secretary.) A SATISFACTORY YEAR.

In the course of his annual report the HON. SECRE- TARY (Mr. Smithson) remarked that auy drawbacks or disappointments of the past year had been quite counter- balanced, and he was enabled to chronicle what had been, on the whole, a fairly satisfactory year. The membership of the Society now stood at ninety. The committee felt that their efforts for the welfare of the Society and the furtherance of tho object of the Society's existence, which was the advancement of the art and practice of photography, warranted them in appealing for the support of the members generally in bringing the advantages of membership to the notice of new and old practitioners. The old as well as the new hand had , always something to learn, and the latter would not fail to receive that assistance through lectures,practical demonstrations, &c., which was necessary to success in pictorial photography. In all. about 121 msetings had been held during the last winter session and not the least enjoyable of these were tlae demonstrations given by senior members for the benefit of beginners. Mr. D. S.Birrell began the series and Messrs. Bishop,Bodman, Moore, Cartwright, Harold Smith, G. Smith, F. V. L. Mathias and J. S. Hill also contributed instructive, practical demonstrations. More advanced lectures were given by Messrs. C. J. Harrison, H. Wade and J. Page Croft. It was to be regretted that a large number of members did not avail themselves of these special lectures. Their affiliation with the R.P.S. enabled them to obtain lantern lectures on flower photography, &c. The summer outings might be written down as a failure, owing no doubt to people desiring to go away as opportunity offered on their own account. Another method of arranging outings was necessary. They were members of the Lancashire and Cheshire Union of Photographic Societies,and with the aid of the Secretaries' Postal Society they were enabled to inspect prints by good workers all over the country. The exhibition was held from May 17th to 25th again at the Art Gallery, by the courtesy of the Museum Committee, and in this respect the society desired to record their appreciation of the services of Mr. Madeley and the Museum officials, who certainly did all they could on behalf of the exhibition. (Applause.) The collection of pictorial photographs and lantern slides was amongst the best that had ever been got together in the North of England, exhibits being received from nearly all parts of the British Isles,as well as from the Continent. The 142 exhibitors sent in 365 pictures, 200 lantern slides and 102 pictorial post cards. The Japanese tea room was a popular feature, and their thanks were due to Mrs. Mathias and the other ladies responsible for the success of that department. The result "just about saved the situation," for although they had an increased revenue from exhibition fees, there was a decrease in .donations to the extent of £5 or £6 Considering the educational value of such a free exhibition to the general public' the lack of support was to be regretted. They rejoiced that two of the original promoters of the society—Mr. J. Harding and Mr. P. Dalton—were still enthusiastic members, and if they needed a reminder of their first president, the late Mr. T. J. Down, they had it in the support accorded the society by his son, Mr. A. Down. (Applause). Mr. K. F. Bishop was the winner of the president's competition last year, Mr. H. Bond running him very close with a picture afterwards exhibited at the Royal. Mr. Mathias had kindly repeated his offer this year. Several of the members had won distinction in outside competitions. Mr. J. V. Moore won the Warwick prize of £lO, which carried with it £5 for the Society, and Mrs. Smithson, Messrs. J. W. Mills, K. F. Bishop and J. B. Tolley had also scored. Mr. Mathias and Mr. H. Bond had had slides selected by the R.P.S. for circulation. They might be pardoned for assuming that membership in the society had been a most important factor in these successes. Great things were to take place during the ensuing session, including visits and lectures by Mr. W.J.Pearse, an artist of repute (member of the Society of Arts and examiner to the Technological Department, South Kensington) and Mr. F. G. Tryborn, winner of awards for pictorial lantern slides all over the world. (Applause.) The report was adopted. Mr. GARSIDE presented a summary of receipts and expenditure, which showed that the receipts were £2B Ts. Td. The year concluded with a balance owing the treasurer of 4s. 10d. The exhibition receipts amounted to 256 3s. 3d.and the expenditure to 253 7s. Ud.

The accounts were passed. Mr. SMITHSON regretted that the committee had not been supported so well in regard to the lectures whioh, he added, were worthy of the attention of every member of the society on account of the advantages they afforded. If the members did not pull themselves together the society would go to the wall. The CHAIRMAN remarked that it was fortunate they had the .£5 won by Mr. Moore; otherwise the accounts would have shown badly. Mr. HAROLD SMITH observed that several gentlemen had expressed surprise to him that their society and their exhibitions were so successful.

The CHAIRMAN said great credit was due to the Secretary for that. (Hear, hear). Several of last year's officials declined to again accept office. These included Mr. Mathias as president and Mr. Smithson as secretary. In regard to the latter position_the meeting failed to find a successor to Mr. Smithson and the election had accordingly to be adjourned. Other officials were elected as follows : President, Mr. F. G. Taylor; vice-presidents Mrs. Mathias, Alderman Bennett. Messrs. F. V. L. Mathias, P. Dalton, J. Fairhurst, E. J. Hall, J. Harding sen., and W. Winstanley •' treasurer, Mr. F. Garside ; lanternists, Messrs. 13.5. Owen and J. Tolley; auditor Mr. A. Pennington; curator, Mr. F. J. Eardley ; committee, Mrs. A. C. Smithson, Messrs. D. S. Birrell, K. F. Bishop, W. E. Brown, J. Dolan, F. W. Purse, H. Smith, and A. C. Smithson.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW DEPARTURE.

Messrs. Robert Garnett and Sons' Enterprise.

An entirely new departure--and one which has attracted considerable attention -has just been made by Messrs. Robert Garnett and Sons, the well-known Warrington firm of cabinet manufacturers and furnishers. Messrs. Garnett have long enjoyed a reputation for productions of the highest class but they have now determined to place themselves in line witti many other leading concerns by catering also for the middle-class artizan and others who wish to furnish tastefully yet inexpensively. With this object in view they have opened the premises next door to their present showrooms in Sankey-at. -formerly occupied by Messrs. Boyden. Bros.-which have been fitted up in the most pleasing and up-to-date style. The spacious show rooms are will stocked with a great variety of furniture and on examining the articles one cannot but be impressed with the excellence of the design and manufacture. The surprising feature is , the reasonableness of the prices, which are brought within reach of the moat limited means. The goods comprise handsome -dining room, drawing room and bedroom suites, tables, chairs, cabinets and many other useful and ornamental pieces of furniture. To give our readers some idea of the prices, it may be stated that one can buy a lounge chair in tapestry for 15s. 6d. All the goods are of choice and artistic description, and have been greatly admired by the large numbers of people who have been attracted thereby since the opening of the shop on September 5. The stock is not confined to furniture only, for the firm have made pro- vision to meet the requirements of customers in every , section of house equipment,and have a fine stock of oil- I cloths,linoleums,curtains and blinds. Our readers will be ! interested to hear that Messrs. Garnett have taken up ; the Lancashire agency for the " Gunn " sectional book ; case. This is a unique speciality -decidedly the best article of its kind on the market - the great advantages being that the case is absolutely dust proof, and that , it can be procured in section i just as the purchaser desires to extend or limit his resources.

Mr. Set;ll7—the courteous manager of the new department, will be pleased to conduct visitors through the show rooms at any time.

• Mr DELZ CHILDIANN, No doubt you are all anxiously waiting to hear the result of our Needlework Compe- tition. I am very pleased with all the tidies that I received, and I was a long time before I could settle upon the first prize-winner. How- ever, a prize has been sent to Lucy Fitzpatrick; I must say I think her work very beautifully stone,and I hope she will be pleased with the very nice book I sent. The second prize I had great pleasure in awarding to Olive Kingdon; the toilet tidy she sent is very novel, being made 'of plaited paper. This niece is very lucky, as ahe received a first prize not long ago; I hope she may win many more. The third prise goes to Mary M. Smythe. I shall be glad to hear from you all if the prizes have pleased you. I am very pleased to welcome Horace Inott as a member of our League, and hope he will send me contributions for "Our Corner."

The boys have sent me several suggestions for a competition for themselves, and I hope in a week or two to arrange something for them; as I have said before, I have some very nice prizes waiting to be won by our boys. No doubt you. have all returned to school again by this time. You must all study very hard, and try and gain prizes at the end of your scholastic year. I shall hope to have letters from you soon, telling me how you are getting on, and what you did during your midsummer vacations. _ _

I have sent a prize this week to Lizzie Wills for her very interesting history of "A Cat." Hoping to have many letters from you all and with all good wishes from UNCLE NED.

Dear Uncle 47ed,—This is the first time I have written to you. I was introduced to the "Children's Corner" by a friend of mine. I am twelve years of age. I have read the "Children's Corner" nearly every week, and I see that you sometimes give prizes for those who send you a piece of poetry. So I thought I would send you a piece. Please will you send me a free bottle of Mason's Extract of Herbs? From your niece, BERTHA LISTER. THE WIDOW'S LITTLE BOY.

Mother, come and kiss me, please, before you

go away. Oh, mother, when I'm all alone, how weary

seems the day. I count the hours, I listen hard, and then I

hear the chime Of all the city bells, ae one by one they eound

. _ the time. _ v Mother, do you think it very wrong of me to

fret? I wish I could be always good, but then, I soon forget; And when the pain comes back, although I do not wish to cry, I scarce .can keep the tears away, although I

- really try. Mother, don't you think it strange the things that people say? I've heard that some folk think that time is passing swift away. I'm sure that it can't be true, for when I'm lying lonely here, Each day that passes seems to me as though

it were a year. I fear lam not patient, aa a boy of seyen should

. . be, But how I love when Sunday comes, for then you stay with me I And .though I drop asleep, I know I'll wake,

, and find you here, And so I could not fret, although that day

- , should be a year. Mother, ..clo you think that I shall live to be

a man? For if I do, oh, mother dear, I'll help you

all I can! But if I die while I am small, still Jesus cares for mei, And, mother, when we are both in Heaven, how happy we shall be! THE TWINS. In form and feature, face and limb, I grew so like my brother, That folks got taking me for him, And each for one another. It puzzled all our kith and kin, It reached an awful pitch, For one of us was born a twin, Yet not a soul knows " which," When quite an infant child My troubles did begin, FOr when I called for nourishment,

It was given the other twin. They gave " me" Godfrey's Cordial, When he kicked up a shine, And when his nose was troublesome., They took to wiping mine. One day, to make the. matter worse, Before our names were fixed, As we were being washed by nurse, We got " completely mixed." And thus, you see, by Fate's decree, Or, rather, nurse's whim, My brother John got christened "me," Aid I got christened "him."

AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A CAT. I shall be eleven years old iu October; yoa would scarcely believe it to see me..Withont being conceited, I will tell you that I am a handsome English Tom Cat, a beautifully marked Tabby. My mother was a Persian, and when I was a frisky playful little kitten, about ten weeks old, I was given to a dear old lady. This old lady named me "Micky." I quite well remember the day I left my mother and entered my new home, which consisted of the dear widow lady and her two daughters. They were. Very kind to me, and I love them all dearly. My mistress also had three canaries. They sang so sweetly, but alas they died after I had been with my mistress about two months. Their names were Dick, Sweet and Goldy. I was lost once about a year after my arrival in my present home. I was away for a fortnight, and only five doors away from our house I got shut up in a hen-house. Search was made for me round the square, and there was great joy when I was found.

Well, for seven years I spent a very happy, uneventful life. Then came the change, and I could not think what was the matter, till I heard my mistress say that we were leaving our house and going somewhere else. All the rooms were upset, and I was almost frightened out of my life by men taking. furniture away, and the house was quite emptied. I always hated cleaning down, but this was something more. I was put in a basket in the van and taken to our new home. This is a nicer houee, and I have a very nice private garden. The worst trouble I had I shall never forget. We were all going to the seaside. My mistress had been ill, and she was ordered to the seaside. The doctor said that if she, went, the two daughters must go too, and then it was arranged ' that I should also go. I was put into a basket, then into a railway-carriage. There was the most awful noise—whistling and screaming. I thought it would never cease. I was glad when we reached our destination. I could not make out the sea, or whatever they called it. I never saw such a lot of water. I liked to eee the children with their bare legs paddling in the sea. They did not seem to mind the waves one bit. There were also a number of dogs in the sea, after sticks. I was glad when I knew that preparations were being made for our return home, although I did not like the thoughts of the train ride. Well, we arrived safely home, and about a week after we had another addition to our family. This was a beautiful Persian kitten, called Sam. We have such fun together. I must now close my story.— MICKY.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l hope my "Autobiography of a Cat" will interest you. I now close my letter, with love to you and my cousins. LIZZIE WILLS. Dear 'Uncle Ned,—l have read the "Children' Corner" a great many times, and thought it very interesting. I shall be very pleased if you will accept me as a member of your League. I am sending you a story, which I hope you will like. It is entitled: NICELY CAUGHT. In a hotel in London a man kept a tortoise in a basket. One night when the man had gone to bed, and all was in darkness, a man lifted up the window and got into the house. He felt in all the things, and at last he came to the basket where the tortoise was. He put his hand in and at once began to squeal, because the tortoise had hold of his finger. The man at once came down to see what was the matter. He found that it was a thief. He sent for the policeman, and he soon took him off to gaol., From your loving niece, EMMA ROBINSON.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am sending you a little piece of poetry, called, "A Word to Boys,' which I hope you will print, if you think it worth it. I like reading your " Corner " very much.' I am enjoying my holidays, and hope all my cousins are doing the same. I must close now, with best loves From your loving niece, MARGARET SABLE. A WORD TO BOYS.

Do you want some day to be great, boys?

You must first be good and true. Would you rise to high estate, boys? Then you mus'n't mind what you do. So long as it's honest and right, boys, You should do it, and do it well; You should do it as in God's sight; boys, For you know He can alwaYs tell! Stand up for the small and/Weak, boys, And help them whene'er you can; It is for this that we seek, boys, In a well-bred gentleman. Don't mind if your jacket be old, For a new one you'll get some day; 'Tis foolish to grumble and scold, boys, And it is not a pleasant way. Don't rail at the aged and poor, boys, For you may be old some day; If alms they ask at your door, boys, Don't drive them in wrath away. For their poverty's hard to bear, boys, You should cheer them whene'er you can; And let each of you have, a care, boys, That you act as a gentleman. And always stand up for the right, boys, Though you may stand with the few; For right is not always might, boys, Though it may be good and true. An this is the way to be great, boys; is a way that you all should heed; And the way to high estate, boys, Is by many a noble deed.

,'"''' ?10 •'7, y t;4:14... ei .i' ''''''..---ta.s--, .I—.- , , •5r.,..P,' ..... —itie.o.,:- ' ...4_44,.., ......... ....,.___..;,.....:. . ::,.4.. k.,.% .*** -.--.,, ~'.;.• A•4+7411 ,rit.. il.-:,-- ~-,, ..},....,.,.... ~,..,..„,,„..,:or.lrky,. - 0 •:.:j .:-.... ~;, ?':'... '''.."' ....'':.'"."...?..F.,:?:',Y-.N:4,t.::e. ',. . ' '5,".i.;.:.: . • elr' ••• . t'P ?1,i0..,.. (r. ' :%,,F.f •'t .1'?4a.",/17.',::!•,:.'17/:'' ''' :;?4:5r,;?..ftf,V.:..,',::,..',, ~.4- '.i-,'- ' ' 't''4';': ,r;"!*11. ",,:L..:.5.: 4...,?: • ~/..‘ . ....,.. . .• •• - :0:4,A '..A*'•:••• jr. ' '`,::". 'r.--,fir.- / rngg.,, dal Neu ..-- 1 _B , .."''..- : -4-Q,..., •„-.‘ii„,,..!:.?:,2;:i07,;...,-.:eirvit. ...... yu lit :V71111r; .711.• si:::-...' ? i ..- I- '' L. ' ' VOt "V•ti-v• ) no•-•,'-.., Itt ,10. ~ . ..

===== 0002601_19060915_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
LIGHTLES 3 CYCLES.

In prosecuting two St. Helens masons, at the County Petty Sessions on Tuesday, for riding from Rainford without lights on their bicycles, Police-constable , Howell told the story of a somewhat serious bicycle I accident. One of the defendants appeared—namely John Farrell, of 87, Fry-street, Parr. and pleaded guilty, but Robert Halsall, of 70,Greenfield-road did not appear , The officer said he saw the defendants go backwards and ; forwards every day to work along this road. On Mon- day night the 27th ult., at half-past ten, they passed , him in pasture-lane, Rainford, riding without lights. , He shouted to them to stop but they went on. About ' twenty minutes later the officer was called into a house ,at Rainford-road, Windle, where he found the two ; defendants and a man named Beckett, who lived at Crawford village. It was said that when they were , passing Beckett, who had a light, there was a collision , between Farrell and Beckett. A doctor had to be called, end Beckett's injuries were so extensive that it needed eight stitches to put his head right —Farrell said they were made late by having stopped to see a bowling match.—A fine of is. ad. costs was imposed on each defendant.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
;Z. rt.,

I,lf ',„01 127 t

" '

7jii • -- m L K s e 111 9CS r ° tae CY/ Ward Qt.' pc, ry.(3-/':

===== 0002601_19060915_art0172.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
It

1

.

[ls

===== 0002601_19060915_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

SEPTEMBER. PROM WARRINGTON TO

lActon Bridge-7 14, 740. SlO, 10 20 a.m. 12 5, :-' 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 5, 8 as, a 9 58, 10 18, bll2O, 11 42, 11 55, R. 113. 2 42, 4 46, • 6 28, 7 "NI, 8 45, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 335, 6 0, p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 30, 7 5, 835, 10 18, bll 20,11 4211 55 a.m. 242,4 46, 628, 720, 8 45,9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.r. 6 0 p.m. b Saturdays only. Chester-7 34,8 17,9 5, 10 23,11 30 a.m.12 7,12 40. 12 55,1 40,2 30,319, 422,5 6,6 4,7 54,8 5,10 20, 11 35 p.m. Sundays 8 44, 10 35 a.m. 745, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green-7 5, 85, 8 25, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. 1225, 245, 345, 5 15, • 6 37, 78, 740, 925, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 36, 9 sa.m. 12 55, 230,3 19, 56, 64, 85, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 35, 95 a.m. 1230, 230, 3 19, 64, 744 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Harlestown-5 30, 7 5, 8 5, 8 25, 8-65, 9 25, 10 10, 1055, 11 55 a.tn. 1225, 115, 245, 3 45, 350, 5 15, 6 37, 7 40, 925, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 746, 8 35, 843 a.m. 5 10, 6 0, 7 57, 9 54 p.m. Fiddleis' Ferry and Penketh-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 95 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. - Frodsham-7 34, 95,10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 55 2 30, 3 19.4 22, 56,6 4, 7 54, 10 20, all 35 p.m. Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75, 8 35, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Helsby-7 35, 95, 11 31 a.m. 1250, 2 30, 3 19, 56, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam,Cadishead-7 0, 7508 8, 9 3 a.m. 22, 4 58, 710, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11-32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 9 35p.m. a Saturdays only. ' Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-a4 40, 5 35, 7 5,8 2, 8 50, 9 20, 9 50, 10 30, 10 50, 11 50 am. 120, 1250, 110, 150, 27, 2 50, 3 13, 3 50, 3 56, 4 5, 4 10. 4 50, 5 50, 5 57, 6 50, 75, 7 50, 80, 8 50, 8 55' 9 40, clO 0, 10 35, blO 37, bll 10, 11 30, 11 39 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, cs Saturdays excepted. Sundays 4 40, 5 35, 90, 9 45, 9 55, 11 20 a.m. 220, 2 39, 4 46, 60, 7 10, 8 28, 9 18, 10 20,10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, a 5 25, 75, 727, 8 23,8 25, 9 25, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 1 55, 2 45, 3 20, 3 45, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 78, 7 40, 80, 9 25, blO 0, 10 30, bll 30 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays, 4 51, 5 30, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 240,328,510, 60,8 0, 954 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, aB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 5 30, a 7 5, 85, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 9 25, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 18,1 15,2 12, 2 34, 2 45, 3 31, 426, 5 10, 5 53, 6 20, 6 33, 7 20, 86, 922, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 255, 4 56,7 46 a.m. 5 15,6 0,7 57, 9 3 p.m. a Mondays only. Manchester (C.L.C.)- 7 0, 7 50, 88, 8 55. 93, 9 55, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 55, 55, 3 55, 4 55, 458, 5 55, 6 55, 7 10, 7 55, 8 35, 8 -55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 8 45, 9 37, 10 18, 11 32 a.m 30, 3 15, 456, 50, 7 18, 855, 9 15,9 25, 9 30, 10 0 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, a.M. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35, 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 1015, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 56,b4 45,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 35, 9 19,9 25,10 10, 10 40,10 55' 11 55, a.m. 1218,12 25, 1 15, 1 50, 2 45, 3 31. 3 50, 426, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22,10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56,7 46, 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 93, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mondays only. Padgate-7 0, 7 50, 8 8, 8 35, 5 35, 1035, 11 22 a.m. 12 18, 1 41, 25, 3 55, 4 58, 5 33, 65, 7 10,, 8 35, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 35 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 347, 5 15,6 17, 8 0, 10 0 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 82,9 5, 100, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, bl 0, al 8, 25, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 28, 7 5, 80, 90, blO 0, alo 37, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 22 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23, 94511 53 a.m. 1 55, , 3 20,3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. gundays, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-7.5, 8.25, 10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, 41/4 7.40, 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 8.35, a 9.36, 10.25, 11.2, a.m., 1.27, 3.18, 4 10, 53, b 6.20, 6 30, 7.40,8 0, 9.0, 10.35, p...3n. Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays "•cented. ~ Thelwall-6 15, 7 11, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53, ~,,. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 515, 6 10, 7 25, ..' ')", 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 530, 7 5, 8 35, 58,9 10 55, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 115, 150, 350, 446, 515, 3 28, 7 20, 8 45, 98, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 65, 6 0, 9 54 p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95, 10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, bl 8, 2 5, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 28, 7 5, 8 0, 9 0, alO 0, blO 37 p.m. a Saturdays only, b Saturdays excepted.

TO WARRINGTON FROM

Aoton Bridge-6 32,7 40, 8 54, 10 57 am. 12 19, a 249, 355, 4-41, 7 20, 8 28. Sundays 759 am. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L ,Sc N.-W.)-7 53, 8 25, 10 7, 10 22 a.m. 1 20, 2 55, 4 58, 5 30, 6 50. c 7 30, 8 25, b 9 10, 10 5,b 10 25 p.m.Sundays 645 a.m.l 15, 4 55,8 25 1015, p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. c Mondays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 10 15,11 30,11 40,a.m.1 40,3 10,3 28,4 27,5 20,7 0, 8 45, 10 0,1050 p.m. Sundays 72 a.m. 137,58, 745 p.m. Chester-2 25, h 4 20, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 1 40,2 0,2 10,2 33,3 0, 3 50, 5 18, 5 23,6 30, 733,8 10, 8 50 p.m. Sundays 225,420,630 a.m.6 55, 835 p.m. b Mondays excepted. Collins Green-6 40, 79, 845, 10 24, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 2 10, 3 5, 4 1, 538, 6 42, 7 47, 9 6, alO 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Daresbury-8 11, 10 17, 11 18 a.m. 2 49, 62, 843 p.m. Sundays 726 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham gill- 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 35, 6 47, 822 p.m. Sundays 648 a.m. 79 p.m. Earlestown-7 2, 7 13, 8 47, 850.9 15, 9 45, 10 26, 10 28, 11 26 a.m. 1238, 1 14, 2 13, 3 27, 5 10, 543, 552,655,733,88, 910, 934, a 1036, 10 47, all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 957, 10 3 a.ro. 3 45, 7 24, 10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Perry and Penketh-79, 8 53. 942, 10 45 a.m. 123, al2 57, 2 4,3 27, 54, 62, 6 58,9 14 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Sattudays only. Frodsham-7 54, 90, 10 1, 111, a.m. 231, 4 11, 5 44,6 59, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 72, a.m. 724 p.m. Golhorne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12.a.m. 12 17, 241, 4 31, 530 713 991 10 49 a.m. Sundays 910 a.m. 75 p.m. Helsby-7 46, 856, 957. 1057, a.m. 2 27, 47, 5 40, 6 54, 8 27, p.m. Sunday 6 53, a.m. 7 18, p.m. Irlam and Cadishead-6 19, 6 48, 7 31, 9 53, a.m. 17, 4 54, 6 54, 855, 1120, p.m. Sundays 921, 10, a.m. 1 20, 2 22,6 55, 8 50, 10 0 p.m. Latchford-7 55, 8 40, 9 22, 10 2, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13. 30, 3 33, 4 26, h 5 39. 6 7, 6 49, 7 39, 9 52, cll 32 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 70. 7 30, 7 40, 8 20, 8 30, 835 8 40, 9 30, 9 33, 10 30. n 5, 11 30, 11 33 11 50, o.m. 1230, 12 50, 1 0, 130, 145, 230, 2 40, 2 43, 4 0, 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 20, 5 36, 630, 635, 730, 735, 830, 833, 840, 930, hlO5O, 110, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. h Saturdays only Sundays. 7 50, 90, 10 55, 11 15 a.m.2 20,3 20,4 0,4 30, 6 15,6 30, 8 30, 9 0,9 35,p.m. Liverpool (L.& N.-W.)-2 35, 0, 6 10, 810, 8 35, 95, 9 30, 9 55. 11 0 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 1 30, 2 45, 30, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25, 830, 90, blO 5, 10 45, hll 15 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only.Sundacs 7 35,9 20 n.ra.2 10, 630,7 15.1045 p.m. Lynnu-7 48,8 32, 9 14, 9 54,11 38. m. 1 11, al 37, 16. 250, 330, 4 IS, b 331, 5 59, 6 11, 7 31, 9 43, .1-1 24 p.m. a Saturd9ys only. 1.) Saturdays excepted. Sundays 815 a.m. 2 25,7 15 p.m. Manchester (Central)-6 0. (1 30, 7 30, 830, s 9 5, i 30, 9 33, 10 5, 10 30, 10 35, 11 30 a.m. 1230, 1250, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 3 45, 4 30. 4 35, 5 30. 60. 6 30, 6 33, 7 10, 7 30, 830 835. 9 20, 10 15. alO5O. 11 0 p.m. tz a Saturdays only. Sundays 830, 95, 9 25, 030, 1030 a.m. 1 40, 2 0.2 5, 5 40, 6 35, 8 30, 9 40 p.m, Manchester (London Rond.)-7 5. 7 50, 9 25, 1030, R. 131. 12 :30, 15,2 0, 2 55, 3 40, a 5 0, 5 20, 65, 6 55, 95, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. , a Saturdays excepted. Moore-6 56, 96,11 9 a.m. 12 02, 63 1, 48, 4 55, 733 p.m, Sundays SlB a.m. 458 pm, a Wednes- days and Saturda)s only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 1235. n 1 5. al 28, 1 44, 37, 448, 55, 538, 549, 6 27. 7 30, 85, 931, 10 3, 11 4, ? all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30. 9 50, 100 a.m. 3 40, 720, 11 7 pm. a Saturdats only. , Padente-6 30, 6 58, 755 8 29,9 0, 103 a.m. 1 20, 20, 5 5, 6 18, 6 37. 7 5, 8 26, 9 6, 11 32 p.m. Sundays „ 52, 11 16 a.m. 2 33, 912 10 14 p.m. ' Runcorn-5 55, 834, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14, 3 7, 4 40, 541, 6 30, 8 10. 10 10 p.m. Snnkev-8 0, 8 27, 9 37, 10 19, 10 55 a.ra. 12 36, 32, 1 46/ • 2 35, 3434 35 3 26, 5 36, 6 25, 7 25, 8 28, '..111 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 48,9 29

===== 0002601_19060915_art0174.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
Sankey Bridges-7 13, 945 a.m. 12 7, 28, 331 58,66,7 2, 9 18 p.m. Sundays 8 26 a.m. 31, 8 6 St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-6 20, 6 20, 6 55, 8 0, 8 30, 90, 11 10, 11 20 a.m. 10.1 32,1 55. 2 45, 250 4 27, 4 33, 525. 6 20. 6 25, 7 25,8 50, 10 25, 10 45, all 35 p.m. Sundays 745, 750 a.m. 25, 6 55, 7 25, 95. a Saturdays only. Southport-3 0, 95, 10 15. 10 43, 12 25' 1 40, 2 45, 45, 4 10, 5 25.7 30,8 5,9 5, 10 o.Suudays 90,2 0, 750, Thelwall-7 51, 8 33, 8 18, 9 53, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, al 41, 2 9, 2 55, 3 34, 422 b 5, 33, 6 3, 6 45, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. 2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. • Wigan (1,. an,i N.-W.)-a2 39, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17, 9 54, 10 0, 11 38 a.m. 12 5, 1 26, 2 30, 3 27, 4 20, 4 55, 520 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. Widnes (C.L.C.)-2:8 17, 9 25, 10 9, 10 45 a.m. 124, 12 25, 1 20, 2 25, 3 31, 4 25, 5 15, 6 15, 7 15, 8 20, 9 22, all 10 p.m. a Saturdays only. Widnes (L. and N.-W.)-7 2, 8 45, 9 34, 10 39, 11 55 a.m. 12 52, 1 57, 3 20, 3 58, 455, 555,650,96, 11 6 p.m. Sundays 814 a.m. 2 50,7 54, 11. 6 p.m.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

Fixtures and Scores for Season 1906-7.

WARRINGTON.

, For Agst. 1 Sep. 1. Leigh 1. away 8 8 1 8. Hull home 33 7 1 15. St. Helens away 22. Widnes 29. Broughton R. Oct. 6. Salford 13. Lancs. Cup Tie 20. Huddersfield home ' 27. Salford Nov. 3. Wigan home , 10. Roohdale 17. Swinton home 24. Hunslet Dec. 1. Liverpool City home 8. Wigan away 15. Hunslet home 22. Leeds Xmas 25. Leigh ; home B.Day 26 Liverpool City away 29. Bradford away Jan. 1. Runcorn . „ 5. St. Helens home • „ 12. Hull „ 19. Bradford home ~ 26. Oldham Feb. 2. Widnes „ 9. Huddersfield „ 12. Halifax ~ 16. Oldham „ 23. Mar. 2. Broughton Rangers home „ 9. Swinton .. „ 16. Cup Tie „ 23. Runcorn away G. Fri. 29. Halifax Mar. 30. R och dale home Apr. 1. Leeds

===== 0002601_19060915_art0177.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

1906. For Agst. Sept. 1 Oldham „ 8 Widnes away 3 11 „ 15 Widnes 22 Leigh „ 29 Swinton home • Oct. 6 St. Helens away „ 13 Widnes away ~ 20 Morecambe Nov. 3 Salford y, 10 Wigan away „ 17 Liverpool City - , „ 24 Barrow / Dec. 1 Broughton Rangers away y; 8 Liverpool City away „ 15 Swinton „ 22 Hull home „ 26 Oldham y, 29 Halifax Jan. 1 Warrington away „ 5 Morecambe away „ 19 Barrow away ~ 26 York Feb. 2 Hull 9 Leigh „ 16 York away _ ._ __ . . •

23 St. Helens home Mar. 2 Halifax „ 23 Warrington „ 29 Salford away „ 30 Wigan home April 1 Broughton Rangers home

===== 0002601_19060915_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
1906.

WIDNES.

For Agst.

Sept. 8 Runcorn home 11 3 „ 15 Runcorn „ 22 Warrington away , 29 St. Helens home Oct. 6 Rochdale Hornets away „ 13 Runcorn home ~ 27 Wigan home Nov. 3 St. 'Helens " 10 Brighouse Rangers home „ 17 Dewsbury „ 24 Rochdale Hornets home Dec. 1 Leigh 8 Morecambe 9 9 „ 22 Barrow 1, 29 Morecambe .. Jan. 5 Liverpool City home „ 12 Wigan away ~ 19 Dewsbury home Feb. 2 Warrington „ 9 Brighouse Rangers away , 16 Leigh home 9 9 23 Barrow Mar. 2 Hull away „ 23 Liverpool City., April 1 Hull

===== 0002601_19060915_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

1906. For itgst. Sept. 1 Swinton home a 10 „ 8 Rochdale Hornets home 2f 6 „ 15 Warrington ' „ .22 Birrow away „ 29 Widnes away Oct. 6 Runcorn „ 13 Oldham „ 20 Pontefract „ 27 Leigh Nov. 3 Widnes home „ 10 Salford away „ 17 Morecambe home „ 24 Brighouse Rangers away Dec. 1 Batley „ 15 Rochdale Hornets avray „ 22 Broughton Rangers home „ 23 Liverpool City „ 25 Wigan home Jan. 1 Batley home „ 5 Warrington away „ 12 Brighouse Rangers home „ 19 Leigh „ 26 Swinton Feb. 2 Broughton Rangers away „ 9 Pontefract „ 16 Barrow home „ 23 Runcorn Mar. 2 Salford 9 Morecambe away 9 f „ 29 Wigan ',. 30 Liverpool City

===== 0002601_19060915_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

PREsENTATIoN TO MRS. CARMAY.—" St. Mary's Great Sankey Magazine" says :—On Sunday afternoon, at Penketh Mission, Mrs. Carman (nee Scott) was pre- sented with it handsome timepiece on the occasion of her marriage.—The vicar, on behalf of the teachers, requested her acceptance of the timepiece, and in doing so referred to the length of time Mrs. Carman had been identified with the Mission.—Mr. Hall also bore testi- mony to the goodwill existing among the teacheis, and their high regard for Mrs. Carman.—Mrs. Carman, in a few well-chosen words, thanked the teachers for their kindness, declaring that she would ever have pleasant recollections of her association with the Mission.

FIRE AT SANKEY STATION.—At two o'clock pn Sunday afternoon a waggon in the Sankey station goods yard was found to be on fire. It is assumed that some hot I , cinders from a passing train alighted on a sheet which covered a waggon containing two barrels of paraffin 1 ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL. oil. Owing to the hot and dry state of the sheet it soon took tire, and in consequence came in contact with WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. ' the oil, and in the course of a few minutes the waggon I was blazing furiously. Mr. Newton. the stationmaster, ! FIRST DIVISION. was soon on the spot, and with the assistance of plate- , . P. W. L. D. For ,Agt. Pts. lavers, signalmen, and porters endeavoured to isolate Rylands the burning waggon. This was accomplished with some Castner Kellner difficulty and danger, owing to the large volumes of Warrington Albions smoke, livit, and flames. Whilst some of the men were , Thelwall 1 10 0 2 1 2, uncoupling the waggons and pushing them up the Palatine siding to a place of safety others were throwing soil, ' Latchford Christ Church sand, and water on the burning mass. Although the Orford Barracks men worked very hard, they were unable to save the Halton Villa lO 1 0 1 2 0 waggon, which was destroyed. A local coal merchant's Golborne waggon, which was coupled up to the waggon on fire, Ougbtrington Park 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 was damaged. ISt. Sambas 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 !

===== 0002601_19060915_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
APPLY TO DEALERS FOR BUSSEY'S CATALOGUE.

NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0182.txt | included=true | included =====
RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S GAMES.

G. T. P. G. T. P *Broughton R. ... 1 3 11 Bradford *Oldham *Widnes *Bunslet 4 6 26 Dewsbury 2 1 7 *Keighley .:. 3 5 21 York *Leeds 6 5 27 Huddersfield 3 3 15 _ _ _

*Warrington Salford 5 6 28 Liverpool C. 0 1 3 *Kingston R. 1 5 17 Leigh 0 2 6 *St. Helens *Barrow Halifax 3 418 Wakefield T. 0 2 6 *Swinton ll 18 76 Pontefract Played on the ground of the club marked *

Warrington v. Hull. At Warrington, before 5,000 spectators. Warrington had wind and sun in their faoes during the first half, and immediately pressed, clever work by Hookenhall and Isherwood compelling Hull to adopt safety tactics. Taylor cleared, and Freear took up a passing movement initiated by Wallace, only to find Fish safe, and another return to the Hull quarters saw Taylor and Isherwood combine well, for Fish to put on the finishing try. Hull rallied well, and clever work by Wallace and Harrison led up to Jones dropping 9, goal. The game was very fast, and Warrington excelling in back play again pressed Taylor, who repeatedly cleared his lines in brilliant style. Following a fine round of passing IBrooks scored, and near the interval Naylor accepted a pass from Lees and got over. Half-time score :—War- rington, 1 goal, 3 tries (11 points),Hulll goal (2 points). Warrington again attacked on resuming, and after Taylor and Freear had checked Fish on the left the ball was sent swiftly across to Brooks who raced over near the posts, Preston adding the goal. Hockenhull broke away from a scrummage at half-way, and a single- handed effort resulted in another try. Taylor scored near the posts, Preston adding the goal. Hockenhall broke away and scored in brilliant fashion. Hull rallied well, and Harrison placing his side in an aggressiva position, Carvell scored, and also added the goal. Warrington pressed hard in the concluding stages,and Brooks added his third try. Result :—Warrington 3 goals, 9 tries (33 (points), Hull 2 goals, 1 try seven (points). Teams : Warrington—Berry, back; Fish, Isherwood, Taylor, and Brooks, three-quarter backs; Lees and Hockenhall, half backs; Preston, Boardmau,Harmer, Heath, Naylor, and Thomas, forwards. Hull—Taylor, back; Freear, Harrison, Jones, and Jenkins, three-quarter backs ; Wallace and Burchell, half becks ; Major, Hargreaves, Shaw, Walker, Barton, and Carvell, forwards. Referee, .hr. F. Renton, Hunslet; touch judges,Mesurs. W. Mainwaring (Salford) and J. H. Cawley (Runcorn).

===== 0002601_19060915_art0183.txt | included=true | included =====
OLDHAM v. WIGAN.

At Oldham, before 7,000 spectators. Play was fast and exciting in the first half, but owing to the heat slowed down considerably after the interval. The visitors attacked strongly at the outset, and Jenkins tried a drap at goal, which failed, when a try seemed easily obtsinable. Leytham then narrowly missed kicking a penalty goal twice. After this fortune turned to Oldham, and working up the field the home team obtained a footing in the Wigan half. Tyson got the ball and kicked across from the wing to centre, where Dixon taking the ball on the run, broke through all opposition and scored a capital try. Oldham still kept up the pressure, and Cash dodged over the line, White failing at a long kick at goal. Leytham ran well, and then kibking across to Brookes, the last-named crossed the line, and Leytham kicked a goal from the easy position. Before half-time White kicked two fpenalty goals for Oldham.—The second half opened tamely but ended in exciting fashion. Maclean 'a knee gave way, and though he rammed. he was of little use to his side. White kicked a penalty goal,and just before time Anderson scored for Wigan. Mason adding a goal. Scores :—Oldham 3 goals. 2 tries (12 points), Wigan 2 goals, 2 tries (10 points).

ST. HELENS v. ROCHDALE HORNETS. Played at St. Helens before a good attendance. Schofield started for Rochdale, play opening in their half. Devitt and Upton, respective wings of Rochdale, were within an ace of scoring in the first few minutes, but Atkinson kicked into the visitor's half, where Prescott g,lithered, and eluding Mallinson, scored under the post or Toole to place a goal. Rochdale then got dangerous, and Threlfall nearly got in for them, Atkinson tackling him. Toole, intercepting a return from Mallinson, dropped is goal for St. Helens, and immediately afterwards Briers got over, Toole kicking the goal. Rochdale got away, but the Saints forced them back, and Mooney got over for Toole to kick a goal. Wharton ran in under the posts for St. Helens, Toole again improving. Half-time score :—St. Helens, 5 goals 4 tries (22 points), Rochdale Hornets nil. On the restart Rochdale livened up, and eventually Devitt got over, but Mallinson failed to improve from an easy position. The Saints again asserted themselves, and passing between Prescott and Hillen resulted in the latter crossing the line near the posts, Prescott con- verting. Rochdale then penned St. Helens iti close quarters, and from a splendid bout of passing, in which all the backs participated, Schofield got over at the corner, the place kick failing. „Result :—St. Helens 6 goals 5 tries (27 points), Rochdale Hornets 2 tries (6 points.)

===== 0002601_19060915_art0184.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES v. RUNCORN.

At)Widnes, before 3,000 spectators. The visitors won the toss, and G..i.kspey started for Widnes against a stiff breeze and bright sun. After some scrambling play at centre, G. Aspey and Turner performed a grand dribbling movement, which resulted in the former scoring a good try. Taylor failed at goal. Harrison, the Runcorn full back, was Injured, and had to retire for a short period. Runcorn then had the best of the game, and just before the interval Deakin scored at the corner, Jolley failed at the goal kick. Half-time score: Widnes 1 try (3 points), Runcorn 1 try (3 points). Immediately on restarting Runcorn were penalised close in, and Taylor had no difficulty in scoring a goal. Following upon this Runcorn appeared to be able to do nothing right, and the home lot had matters pretty well all their own way. Turner scored from a cross kick by Ditchfleld, and just before the finish the latter registered a third try. Result :—Widnes 1 goal 3 tries (11 points), Runcorn 1 try (3 points)..

===== 0002601_19060915_art0185.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY UNION.

Meeting of the General Committee.

A meeting of the General Committee of the Northern Rugby Union was held in Manchester, on Tuesday evening. E. Hesketh, a professional of the Runcorn Club,mtv'e an application for reinstatement as an amateur. The application was refused. M. Lambert was reported for signing professional forms on behalf of the Warrington and Salford St. Bartholmew's Clubs. Lambert was sus- pended for one week, and the Warrington Club exoner- ated from blame in the matter. It was decided that the following additional instruc- tions be given to referees in respect of cup ties : " That full stipulated time be played in all matches, and that any stoppage of the game from iniury or any other cause shall be noted by the referee, and the extra time played."

===== 0002601_19060915_art0186.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN LEAGUE.

A meeting Of the above League was held in Manches- ter on Tuesday. On September 1, the match Oldham v. Runcorn at Oldham, started late, and the explanation was accepted. The following additional local fixture was confirmed : ' —October 27th, Runcorn v. Dewsbury ; January 12, Dewsbury v. Runcorn. It was decided by the committee to call the Special attention of club managers, and spectators to Rule 26 in the Official Guide Book, which reads :—"No attend- ance upon players shall be allowed on the field except in case of injury, when permisson may be given by the referee for such players removal from the field of play." The following local players were placed on the registers of the clubs first named :—Liverpool City : R. H. Findlow (Warrington), T. Cook (Warrington), S. Hopkins (Runcorn). Runcorn : T. baulkner and J. Jobes (local). Swinton: C. Garside (Warrington). Warrington : W. A. Landor, J. Kay. P. Boardman, and W. A. Barker (local). Widnes : A. Pennington (local).

===== 0002601_19060915_art0187.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 15, 1906.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0188.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
9)

===== 0002601_19060915_art0189.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
)14)

'2

===== 0002601_19060915_art0190.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_19060915_art0191.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWSICY STILIT, WARRI NGION.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0192.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-._

===== 0002601_19060915_art0193.txt | included=true | included =====
JEWEL A really nigh-class instrument at the moderate price of £4 4s. Among other up-to-date improvements, it has SPIRAL SPRING LYRIC REPRODUCER. STRONG TANDEM-SPRING MOTOR. ARTISTIC TONE-IMPROVING FLOWER HORN. "Leaflet 20" gives some idea of its truly exceptional value. Write for it today to Columbia Phonograph Co., Gen'l., LONDON' 89, Gt. Eastern St., E.C. zoo, Oxford St. W. GLASGOW: so, Union St CARDIFF : 96, St. Mary St. MANGHESTLR : 54, Market St.

'SE THE SIGNAL"

T 1 RS 39 6° 14 Bellows 99

Moderate /Is` AMP Purses .- Grand Prix, -V FDPariaLL.sl:eslGrri Lc I is, 1904. '•1114. -*gill iare.. ith *.--."--..:L............-141.4"44. new CRAPH-O-PHONE.

_ EATINa +• --- _„. ----=--*-- ' N POWDER ••a ________•. , 1,5 511OVLEAS ..- : rile - . i t/'''. M. artl,ls.E-E,TALS4 i, ~ ~- '.. A N"P'•'444,3,ti,e, ;,:,Ye'''' ',::. :: `', 'l', ' ' : I I ) r

===== 0002601_19060915_art0194.txt | included=true | included =====
MERRYWEATHER ON

WATER SUPPLY

AND

FIRE PROTECTION of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements.

WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS:

ERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Regiatered No. 40.376.

NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used In the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Once tried, alwave wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW

greatest boon ever offered to the'Lanndress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, &.e. It does not stick to spider-web-like materials. Sold everywhere In Packets at Id., 34., and 6d. each. PREPARED ONLY BY T. CRITOPILESY. Chemist. BLI1e1031:11IN, 7, Whitecross Street, London, B.C.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., "EXAMINER" OFFICE.

BEWSEY-ST.,: WARRINGTON.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, 84., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

LET TE RP RESS PRINTING

liROGRAMXES 808 FETEti,°:

CONCERTS

SOIREES

. / ti kW ~.. 0 e .. The

===== 0002601_19060915_art0195.txt | included=true | included =====
TEA PARTIES

SERMONS

MEETINGS tic., tzc

PROMPT DELIVERY.

PRICES REASONABLH,

AUCTIONEERS CATALOGUES.

ALITICLBS OF ASSOCIATION.

REPORTS AND BALANCE-SHEETS,

PAMPHLETS, TRADE CATALOGUES.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0196.txt | included=true | included =====
AND GENERAL PRINTING

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern on blue, white, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLARS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

pROGRAMMES for Entertainments, Concerts Etc., in the latest artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities fer all kiwis of EDUCATION WORKS.

SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPHON BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

H ANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song, FeAtivals. ie.

CATALOGUEF3 fur Public and Privatt Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

pRICE LISPS Printed on card or paper 11'us trate& If required.

EVERY DESCRIPTION CP PRINTING

TRADESMEN, MANUFACTURERS, PROFESSIONA GENTLEMEN, AND OTHERS. MEMORANDA AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION TRUST DEEDS AND SHARE CERTIFICATES EXECUTED AT SHORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

PRIM ING.

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

IN ALL ITS BRANCHES.

DANCES: BAZAARS. SPORTS.

00SCER15. BETINGS. SERVICES.

JOHN WALKER AND eo

" EXAMINER " OFFICE.

PEWS:! STREET,

===== 0002601_19060915_art0197.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_19060915_art0198.txt | included=true | included =====
i.,.."-4--..-., :•-•.,z.: :,..,,,i,:-.,_i..- , .: .•-i•-,,--,'...-:;•••••,..-...;"' - • i'-::::','-''' ....-J;".--..;:-.- -

===== 0002601_19060915_art0199.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

_ Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0200.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Morton and tin I.L.P.

Sir,—A few of our progressive leaders, particularly Mr. Winston Churchill, have appeared recently in their war paint to engage in a spirited conflict against the works of I. L. P-ers and I. L. P-isro,of whom and of which they have vowed to obliterate all traces. Still I think no' one is affected by the indecorous war whoops of the brilliant member for North West Manchester when we know it is impossible to put an old head on young shoulders. Mr. Morton enters the arena in a different guise—without either tomahawk or olive branch—and presents to our view an original method of extinguish- ing the Independent Labour men. He conveys to me the impression that he believes that the Liberal Party and the Independent Labour Party are heavenly twins and that the last-named has stolen the programme of the former. Of course this is not a crime bat:' reflects to its credit" and the only objection is that the little twin has been making itself too conspicuous of late, and it is now recommended to sub- merge its identity and practically commit suicide. If it absolutely refuses and still elects to exist " then the satisfaction remains of preventing it"taking ambush in our labour organization.' Might I ask Mr. Morton which is" our labour organization." "Trades unionism has built up its great strength by keeping party politics outside and in the interest of Labour generally it is essential that its vitality is not sapped by political Intrigues." so says Mr. Morton. Let us see. W. Abraham, Right Hon. T. Burt, C. Fetvvick and J. Wilson have, I believe, sat in the Commons since 1885. R. Bell and W. R.. Cremer sat later, whilst E. Edwards, F. Hall, J. Johnston, W. Johnston, F. Maddison, T. Richards, A. Richardson, W. C. Steadman, J. Wadsworth, J. Ward and J. Williams were returned at the last general election. All are life-long trade union officials. They have stood frequently on Liberal plat- forms, advocated the claims of Liberal capitalist candidates,and worked hand and glove with the Liberal party, fearlessly proclaiming themselves as Liberals. They were not returned to Parliament without incurring election expenses and when there they do not live on air. Are their election expenses and Parliamentary wages paid by Liberal millionaires or by the pence of Liberal, Conservative and Socialist workmen connected with theirfparticularltrade unions? Let us get an answer on this question and we can talk with greater freedom of " political intrigues." It is true that " items of the I.L.P. programme have been advocated by sections of the Liberal party long before the I.L.P. was born." Yes and it is also true that the intelligent Liberal and Conservative workman is sick of generations of false promises and broken pledges,and as Professor Beesley I said in the "Beehive."—"The working man has at length some to the conclusion that the difference between Liberal and Tory is pretty much that between upper and nether millstone. The quality of the two is essentially the same, and on all Parliamentary questions affecting the interests of labour they play into one another's hands so systematically and imperturbably that one would suppose that workmen never read a newspaper nor hear a speech."—Yours, etc. A CASWORKER.

The Right to Work Committee. Sir, —The fact of Mr. Morton in your issue of Saturday last, setting out to give the" public, and especially the working classes" a true conception of the constitution and the aims and objects of the Right to Work Com- mittee, occasioned no small amount of pleasure to myself, in-so-much that I thought Mr. Morton quite capable of carrying the task to a successful issue and declaring that the Committee had lost no time in getting to work in right earnest and although severely handi- capped mean to bring and are bringing the question of the "right to work" tr. the front. But alas! I was dis- appointed. The bitter thought of it. Mr. Morton, a leading light of the Progressires to be so far behind the times Now, Mr. Morton has, doubtless, been "on the earth" rather longer than myself, and as it has been part of my moral training to always respect my elders," I dare not presume to take to myself the role of dictator. Still I think r may safely Venture, in as respectful a manner as possible, to tell him that his statements so far as the Right to Work Committee is concerned, are not quite correct. First. then,let me tell Mr. Morton that the Trades and Labour Council have not "disappeared from the business." And secondly, that the Right to Work Com- mittee is not " disconnected from its base, floating I balloon-like." And further let me remind him and also the "public and especially the working class I section"—yon see we are still in sections—that the Right to Work Committee is not the Trades and Labour Council, nor the Labour Representation Committee, nor the Independent Labour Party. That is what it not. Now what is it? Simply this. The T. and L.C..L.R.C.,andl.L.P.each appoint five delegates and these fifteen delegates constitute the Right to Work Committee. That's the thing very briefly. Nor is this all. Mr. Morton says: "The Trades Unions themselves, after hoisting this new-fangled—note the term—Committee into the political atmosphere, dis- appear from the business leaving the Committee, discon- nected from its base, floating balloon-like etc." In that case the Trades Unions had better organise themselves into search parties and at once go in search of the Committee. Now why does Mr. Morton make such absurd statements as these? He must be totally ignor- ant of the Committee. The Trades Unions, through the Trades Council, still send their delgates and bear their portion of the financial burden. Further argument is needless. Now a word as to the course we are taking, and according to Mr. Morton, it is " a course quite at vari- ance with the democratic principles guiding true trade- unionism, and which seems to call in question the bona-fides of the Unions concerned." Now one would naturally think that the very name of the Committee was sufficient to convince the public what the Com- mittee staads for—the "Right to Work." The Com- mittee is anxious that every man, unionist and non- nniodist alike, shall have this right granted to him by the State. Personally, I think trade-unionists don't pat sufficient force behind this claim. Unemployment affects all classes of workers. The chances of getting better wages and all-round better conditions of labour are minimised to a considerable degree when there is such a large portion of the workers unemployed. What most concerns the workers during a strike, the masters or the blackleg? The answer is obvious. And what breeds blacklegs ? Unemployment. Let the trade- -unionist ask himself how long he could withstand the bitter cry of his children for bread. It is the children for whose exsitence he alone is responsible, and the woman he has vowed to support, that force him to sink his trade-unionism and take a job at any price. So when the Committee say they want to alter all this, they are calmly told it is contrary to the principles guid- ing true trade-unionism. When there's a strike what are the men then? Politics, nil ! The men are out on strike. They stand together. That is not contrary to trade-union principles. But when a similar course of action is taken by the Committee, when all political differences are set on one side, and the men are classed as unemployed, and the 'Committee are anxious -to voice their claims, " it's contrary to, etc." •If a man is unemployed he is nel•her Tory, • Liberal, nor Socialist. He's unemployed. And because .of that the Committee want to help him; not by ...doling out tea and bread and coal and blankets daring the winter, but by giving him work. Honest men ask for work—not charity, and the Committee say 'let them have it—that is, useful productive work. Let the unemployed have access to the land that is now lying idle. The resources of nature are boundless and God's creatures are starving ! And why? "It's a .course quite at variance with/true trade unionism " to ask for work. In conclusion, why does qr. Morton speak so of the Right to Work Committee ? Because the Committee did not say " Yes, send alone the Progressive Labour 'League, or in other words Messrs. Thomas Barnes, S. Wright, 3. Elwell, J. Morton, and Rev. H. Dunnico " the latter has been called away since then. And the veason we didn't was stated in a letter which I was instructed to write to Mr. Morton, which is "quite at varience, &c." But these men were to represent a body of -TOO. I wonder bow msnv of the 703 knew abont these delegates being appointed. With reference to the latter portion of Mr. Morton's letter I will just say one svord—`• Piffle I " and—smile. JAMES lISAIPSON, S 4 R.W.C. , Garibaldi-street.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0201.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON.

WEEK' ESP's-ENG 8/11 SEPE:IIIIZR, ViO6.

I Total. Male. Female. Births Legitimate 5O 26 21 „ Illegitimate Deaths

Excess of births over death 9, 16. The aces of mortality were :—Lrorlr.r 1, 17; 1-5, 5; 5-15, ; 15-25, 2; 25-63, 6 ; 65 and upwards, 2. Total, 33.

The deaths included:-1 from whooping cough, 1G from diarrly-21, 1 from erysipelas, 3 from phthists, 1 from other tubercular diseases, 1 from cancer, 2 from lung diseases, 1 frc i accidents, 9 from all other causes. cages of isf3ctlous disease have been the week :—Scarlet fever, 1 case ; ithisis, 1 case, enteric fever, 1 case, 2 cases. Patients Ne

The following reported daring Tuberenlons phi puerperal fever, !

Number of Borough, 8 ; Borough,s:

tenth in hospital :—Scarlet fever, iewton, 1; total, 9. Enterio fever, 5. Other diseases Borough. 1 ; total, 11 ; Newton, 1. Total, 15.

total

1. Totals, J. G.

Borough,

. • - \lll4l\

===== 0002601_19060915_art0202.txt | included=true | included =====
IRNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0203.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

[By " Ovalist."l In Warrington the opening first team fixture under the altered conditions of the Northern Union has given satisfaction, and the officials of the club are, meta- phorically speaking, rubbing their hands in joyous anticipation of increased gates and a considerably enlarged bank balance as the result of the season's working—provided of course, that Warrington can maintain their present form. The thirteen, for their opening match at home, wete in their happiest mood and when in this vein the strongest combinations in the Union have to keep open their weather eye, and be prepared for squalls. To c3ntinue in nautical language, it was not a squall which broke over the devoted heads of the Third Porters, it was a perfect hurricane which struck them with a fury that they could not withstand and left them stranded a hopeless and complete wreck.

I Perhaps never in their history have Warrington had a league team so thoroughly at their mercy as were Hull. True some few years ago they ran up a bigger sore against Goole, but in that case nothing else was to be expected. Goole were an obscure and by no means strong combination, who had the temerity to challenge Warrington's right to progress in the cup ties, and they suffered accordingly. Hall, on the other hand, are a team with a reputation to maintain, and have earned for themselves the right to be classed amongst the first rugby teams in the North. One has a right to expect from them a game well up to the average standard, and this is exactly what Warring- tonians on Saturday did not get, for the simple reason that Hall were so hopelessly outclassed that they never once got properly going.

It only required a few minutes for the home team to demonstrate their superiority as, even though playing against the wind and sun, Fish capped a passing movement by placing a try to his credit. From this stage the home team settled down to show the true possibilities of the new rules in the direction of open and finished play, and the spectators were, by them treated to eighty minutes of interesting football. What added to the excitement, however, were the constant fluctuations in the game, and to illustrate this only one incident need be recorded. Hull had had a spell of defensive work, when they broke away and made a dangerous and determined rash to the Warrington line. No infringement of the wiles occurred when their progress was stopped and the Warrington forwards got to work and carried play to the hall-way line where they retired in favour of the backs. Still play was in progress and the ball travelled in the direction of Brooks who dashed over and grounded under the posts. Anything more entertaining than a movement of this kind even the most exacting rugby enthusiast could not wish for, and had Hull displayed a little better form such rapid changes would propably have been far more frequent than they were.

Hull entered the arena with a cheery self-confidence but quickly realised that in their endeavours to take two points away with them, they had, to use the expression of a man in the crowd, "bitten off lust a trifle more than they could chew." Beginning indiffer- ently their play degenerated as the game advanced, and never once did they look like doing anything in keeping with their reputation. The whole secret of their non-success was lack of speed. Whatever plans they had formulated for the taking and sacking of the Warrington fortress, they never had the slightest chance of putting them into execution. They were utterly demoralized by the tactics and speed of the home team until, heart-broken, they gave up all hopes of victory and strove only to keep down the Warrington score. Only once or twice when Warrington eased up a little did they get really dangerous, and on these occasions, with one exception, Warrington again roused themselves in time to prevent a score and to reverse the order of the play. Of the whole combina- tion only one man—Taylor—displayed anything like the true form of the Third Porters. It is hard at any time to catch the Hull full back napping and on Saturday he played a really magnificent game and time after time kept Warrington at bay when the other defenders had been overcome. Had his colleagues shown anything like the same form the result might have been different—hut that is in the region of hypothesis and we are considering facts.

It might appear that the above criticism of the visit- ing team would detract from the merit of Warring- , tou's performance but any such impression can at once be banished. Had Hull been at their best War- rington would have won. They were in that humour which declines to even think of defeat, and it is doubtful if any club in the whole of the union could have beaten them or even shared the spoils. In fact it was one of those rare—unfortunately rare—occasions when Warrington were at their best. Their tackling was vigorous and effective and their tactics worked with machine-like regularity. Would that they could maintain this standard throughout the season. They would carry everything before them ; clubs would fall easy victims to their powers and but again we draw upon the imagination and lose sight of facts, and what is only to be expected is that, like all other teams, they will bare their off days. Let us hope that these will be few and far between.

To come to the players, it is difficult amongst the half-dozen who stiod out pre-eminently to say who was the best, hut perhaps Brooks is entitled to claim that honour. In past days Brooks officiated behind he pack at a time when the Club Committee were crying aloud for a first-class right winger. By accident he was tried on the right wing, and it is only accident which will now occasion has removal—may the acci- dent never lay " our baby" low. Brooks has ever been regarded as on the slow side, but so far he has dis- played a surprising turn of speed, and promises to rival Fish as a prolific scorer. On Saturday he placed three tries to his credit —by no means a bad afternoon's work.

To dispose of the threequarters Taylor and Isherwood as centres were sound and reliable without being brilliant and kept their wings well supplied. On the left wing Fish, after opening in a manner in keeping with his reputation, fell off and for the greater part of the game declined to needlessly exert himself look- ing for work. At half Hockenhall showed a welcome return to form and his try was the tit-bit of the after- noon, being the outcome of a determined individual effort which carried him over the line after having traversed half the length of the field and passed through the Hull backs. Lees also was up to the mark and the committee need have no anxiety as to who should operate at the base of the scrum so long as he and his partner are on the effective list.

T 1 amm the forwards played up well and a harder working lot it would be difficult to place in the field. Preston, Thomas and Boardman were the pick and the first two in particular combined good dribbling with effective handling. At full back Berry was safe, and accomplished some exceedingly smart things. Unless there is a great falling off in his play —and of this there is little occasion for fear as he is one of the most con- sistent custodians—it will not be long before county honours come his way. Taken all round the score in Saturday's match fairly accurately represented the play and there is no doubt that Warrington were ahead of Hull to the fall extent suggested by the margin of points in their favour.

The following is the League Table np-to-date : For Agst. Per- _ _ _

P. W. L. D. Pts. G. T. P. G. T. P. cfmtage. Hunslet 3 3 0 0 6 10 17 n 7 5 29 10000 Leeds 2 2 0 0 4 11 14 61 3 3 15 100.00 Swinton 2 2 0 0 4 13 20 86 2 2 10 10000 Salford 2 2 0 0 4 11 n 61 2 2 10 10000 Broughton 2 2 0 0 4 411 41 3 2 12 100.00 Widnes 1 1 0 0 2 1 3 U 0 1 3 10000 11"gton 2 1 0 1 3 411 41 3 3 15 7500 Wigan 3 2 1 0 1 Is 23 105 1 6 20 66.6 G Bradford 2 1 1 0 2 6 7 33 2 4 16 50.00 Halifax 2 1 1 0 2 4 6 26 3 4 18 50.00 K e ighley 2 1 1 0 2 3 5 21 5 6 23 30.00 Wak'fild T 2 1 1 0 2 1 2 8 5 11 43 50.00 Hull K.R. 2 1 1 0 2 5 3 19 3 10 36 50.000 St. Helens 2 1 1 0 2 6 7 33 2 4 16 50.00 Dewsbury. 2 1 1 0 2 5 7 31 5 6 28 50.00 Oldham Runcorn 2 1 1 0 2 3 3 15 2 5 19 50.00 Barrow Rochdale 2 1 1 0 2 3 8 30 6 5 27 50.00 Leigh 2 0 1 1 1 1 ;1 14 5 5 23 23.00 Batley Hull Hud'afield 2 0 2 0 0 5 5 25 10 947 00'00 York Liverpl,C 2 0 2 0 0 1 3 11 12 15 69 0000 Pontefract 2 0 2 0 0 3 0 614 24 100 0000 Bromley 6 0 3 0 0 1 3 11 10 19 77 Woo

===== 0002601_19060915_art0204.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 15, 1906.

Warrington's engagement to-day is not one to give them cause to fear and tremble greatly, though they cannot expect any cheap points at St. Helens. Last season Warrington beat the Saints twice—by 16-0 at home and by 8-0 at St. Helens. They should repeat the performance this season, and on present form there should be no doubt of victory. St. Helens have so far had two home matches, their visitors being Swinton and RoChdale Hornets. The first they lost 6-10, and the other they won by 27-6. Apparently, therefore, their form is not very great. Still they have good forwards and are sure to make a bard struggle with their Warrington neighbours.

So far, no change has been required in the War- rington team, and the same successful thirteen are chosen to do duty again. The forwards will probably meet their match but in the rear division I am hoping to see Warrington manifest a superiority which will result in a substantial victory. The selected are as follows :

Berry; Fish, Isherwood, Taylor, Brooks; Hockenhull Lees ; Preston. Boardman, Heath, Hamer, Thomas and Naylor.

By the way the form of Jack Fish has been the most disappointing feature of the football so far. He is showing none of the dash and brilliance which have won hem his reputation, and the club supporters are looking to a better exhibition to-day than on the two previous Saturdays. I believe, myself, that Jack can play as well as ever if he wants, and it's time he wanted !

The" A " team will be at home for the friendly fixture with St. Helens "A," who are not now membe rs of the Lancashire Combin‘tion. They should again record an easy win. Jordan has been selected at half-back in order to give Lawlor a trial on the wing. The team will be :

Knight: Harris, Cartwright, Dickinson, Landor ; Jack Davies, Jordan • Foster, E. Lunt, sea., E. Lunt, jun., P. Boardman, Barker, and Bradshaw.

T. Cook and R. F. Findlov have been ,eiranted their transfers to the Liverpool City club. Lambert has been suspended by the Northern Union COmmittee for a week, owing to his having signed professional forms for Warrington and Salford St. Bartholomew's.

At the conclusion of the play Captain Crosfield pre- sented the Cup and medals to the winners and medals to the runners-up. Afterwards the finalists, officials and friends sat down to a substantial tea at the invitation of Captain Crosfield.

The draw for the members' handicap which begins to-day (Saturday) is as follows E. Bailey 2 v. N. Cook 3 J. Watson 3 v. W. Bibby 4 J. Horton 4 v. G. Shaw 1 E. Berry 3 v. W. Graham 3 T. Sherratt 3 v. J. Davis 1 James Harrison 3v. J. Appleton 1

J. Hardman 1 v. W. White 4 A. Scott 1 v. T. Ellison scratch R. Savory 2 v. R. Marrow H. Williams 1 v. F. Miller 1 J. Andrews 3 v. W. Joslin 3 H. Roughley 2 v. El. Daintith scratch J. Watts 3 v. R. Knight 1 R. Barton 3 v. R. Rothsvell 1 R. Fairbrother 1 v. A. Bradley 4 R. Tilling 3 v. J. Clough 3 J. Simister 3 v. E. J. Davies T. Jones 3 v. J. Timmins 2 T. Clegg 3 v. S. Massey 1 R. Hitclamore 3 v. W. Patrick, 2 W. Shelmerdine 1 v. C. Littlewood 1 G. Ball, Sen. scratch v. A. Fletcher 3 J. Shaw 1 v. W. Konwright 2 T. Harrison 1 v. J. Middleton 2 E. Mills 4 v. E. Worth 3 J. Jolley 3 v W. Gibbons 3 J. Fielding 4 v. W. Massey 2 H. France 2 v G. Hatton '2 A Charnock 3 v. F. Dale 2 A. Stringer 2 v. W. Molyneux 2 F. Willoughby 4 v. J. W. IVorsley 1 F. Dean 2 v. J. Hutchinson 1 D. Dagnall 3'v. J. Hatton 3 W. Dooley 3 v. J. Weave I S. Massey junior 4 v. E. Shaw scratch J. Massey scratch v. R. Bennett 2 T. Burke 3 v. H. Watkins 3 G. Rutter 1 v. D. Clarke 2 G. Wilcock 2 v. J. Graham 2 J. Wilcock 3v. J. Woods 1 W. Lawton 2 v. W. Whitfield 4 W. Bonnell 3 v. R. Edginton 3 J. Jackson 1 v. W. Pemberton J. Kill 2 v. J. Gleave 1 G. Wilcocks 2 v. J. Sudlow 2 D. Gibson 3 v. W. Sanders 3 S. Radcliffe 2 v. A. Shaw scratch T. Taylor 3 v. W. Jones 1 W. Clare scratch v. C. Holden 4 T. Looker 3 v. C. Monks 1 W. Simpson 5 v. J. Smith 3 J. Hewitt 3, v. J. Massey 2 H. Fairbrother 2 v. NV. Randalls scr. NV. Ellison 1 v. R. Maxwell 3 A. E. Burdett 4 v. G. Ball, jun., scr. W. Roughley 1 v. J. Barlow 5 T. Blaokledge 3 v. G. Clive 3 D. Ferguson 2 v. W. D iintith 3 J. Bradshaw 2 v. W. Daniels 1 W. Crompton 4 v. W. Holloway 3 W. Mee 1 v. W. Millman 3 Joseph Gleave scr. v. A.lMather 3 J. Melbourne 2 v. John Gleave 1 A. Latimer 3 v. W. Simister 2 H. Allen 3 v. J. Allcock 3 R. Warbutton 2 v. A. Gleave scratch F. Dooley 4 v. T. O'Brien 2 W. Gleave 1 v. W. Kerfoot 2 J. Warburton 2 v. T. Lee 3 W. Ball 3 v. J. Barton scratch G. Eastwood 3 v. A. Worrell 3 James Woods 1 v. R. Holbrook 3 J. Gaskell 3 v. J. Smith 5 T. Humphreys 1 v. H. Newton 3 D. Connolly 3 v. T. Barnes 5 W. Smellie 3 v. A. Warburton 1 A. Rostron 3 v. J. Willett 3 J. Deakin 3 v. J. Roberts, sen., 2 A. &Allan 3 v. Jas. Fairhurst 1 J. Bailey 2,,v. 0. Turner 4

J. Eiesvfit-3 v. A. Jordan 3 T. Rigby 2 v. T. Appleby 1 J. Hutchinson 1 v. F. Wisedale 2 A. Hooper 3 v. J. Bartley 3 P. Fildes 3 v.P. Hankinson 2 E. Gleave 1 v. J. Worsley 1 H. Higham 2 v. J. Malkin 2

- _ J. J. Hardman 4 v. R. Cooper 3 E. Gleave scratch v. J. Grace 1 W. Shaw 1 v. A. Randalls 3

ii.-m-alley-5.:;...i.0-00-mbes 2. J. Warbnrton 2 v. E. Scott 4 J. Broadhurst 1 v. G. Holbrook I. A. Nfiddleton 3 v. R. Sunderland 2 J. Jefferson 1 v. R. Jefferson 2 T. Edington 1 v. 3. Clare, scratch R. Whiteley 3 v. J. Houghton 1 T. Horrabin 1 v. H. Haslam 3.

Cycling. The Warrington Cycling Club bring their season to a close to-day (Saturday) and they have every reason te congratulate themselves upon having experienced one of the most successful seasons on record. Gener- ally speaking, the weather has been most favourable to the pastime and there have been large musters for the runs to various delightful rural haunts. To-day the final run will take place to Sankey and the bowling handicap which has aroused so much interest will be concluded. Afterwards there will be tea, followed by a concert.

Last Saturday's run was to Helsby but owing to counter-attractions only eight members put in an appearance. The weather was all that could be desired and a very pleasant afternoon was spent at the pretty village.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0205.txt | included=true | included =====
Swimming.

On Tuesday night Warrington and Southport met in the Warrington baths in a Liverpool and District League second division match, an exciting game resulting in a victory for the home club by four goals to two. Warrington defended the shallow end in the first half, and C. Ashton opened the scoring after a minute's play. Allen next tested Bebbington, while W. Ashton hit the post. With his next shot, however, Ashton found the net. Warrington were penalised close in, and as a result T. R. Hillsdon scored, making the score at the interval Warrington two, Southport one. Changing ends, War- rington still held the advantage, and it was not long ere C. Ashton put the home side further ahead with a fine straight shot. Nevin immediately afterwards reduced the lead, but the local captain again beat Bebbington, and time arrived leaving Warrington winners by two clear goals.—Warrington beat Southport in a squadron race, after a most exciting tussle, by a " toucher." A two-lengths schoolboys' handicap proved very interest- ing. Results :—Heat 1 : 1, R. Beaman, go at 32 ;2, P. Chalmers, 29. Heat 2 : 1, A. Pemberton, 22 ;2, R. Atherton (311 and H. Partridge (28), dead heat. Heat 3 : 1, H. Beaman, 22; 2, EL Horrabin, 20. Final : 1, H. Beaman; 2, H. Horrabin ; 3, A. Pemberton. Won by ; 2yds.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0206.txt | included=true | included =====
Cricket.

Taken all round, the season just concluded has been a successful one for Warrington. The League contests have tended to considerably increase the interest in the summer sport, and the form displayed by the eleven in these fixtures has been such as to please their supporters. Of course, it was a great disappointment not to secure the West Lancashire cup—and that by the narrowest of margins. The eleven played uncommonly well through- out the competition, bat that one defeat at Earlestown lost them the championship. To deal with the season's records, twenty matches altogether were played, and of these victories were gained in nine, four matcnes were lost, and the remaining seven were drawn. Warrington scored 2,116 runs for the loss of 161 wickets which works out at 15 runs per wicket, whilst the opposition have lost 167 wickets for 2,131 runs, the average being 12•76 per wicket. The success of the second team, who have won the championship of the Second Division of the West Lancashire League, will be hailed with pleasure,and their performances have been so consistently ' good that few will grudge them the honour. With regard to ordinary first eleven matches,Preston had the distinc- tion of dismissing the Warringtonians for the smallest aggregate of the season-15. Against this Warrington got rid of Newton for 43. The highest aggregate made was 211 for nine wickets against Wigan, who were also defeated at the colliery enclosure in the return engage- ment. Bowdon scored the most freely off the Warring- ton bowlers, notching 201 for the loss of five wickets.

Coming to individual performances, Cresswell, the professional, has done yeoman service, and he has the satisfaction of winning the gold medal of the West Lancashire League for the best bowling average. T. Wright has acquitted himself remarkably well with the bat, his aggregate for the season being 300. A word of praise is due to J. W. Bibby, the popular captain, for his judicious handling of the resources at his command. The sound fielding of the team has been an important factor towards the successes achieved. Duckworth has done some very smart work at the wicket. it was to be regretted that a serious accident at Bowdon on June 30th incapicaterl P. B. Ilawtin, a very reliable batsman, from furthur service. ---- Appended' are the batting averages and bowling analyses : FIRST ELEVEN'.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0207.txt | included=true | included =====
BATTING.

Time Total Most in Aver- Name. Inns, not out runs inns. age. P. B. Hawtin T. Wright l2 0 303 ... 69 ... 25.5 Cresqwell W. Richardson l7 9 279 ... 5G ... 18.6 J. Callon J. W. Bibby l3 :3 153 ... 311 ... 15.8 J. Thompson E. A. Connor W. V. Turton W.H. Podmore A. Duckworth l2 ... 4 ... 58 ... 13 ... 7.5 H. Callon A. Thewlis H. Dolan _ ____

BOWLING.

Name. Overs.--IVlstiWens. Runs. Wks. Avge. Cresswell E. A. Connor 129.5 ... Si ... 367 ... 33 ... 11.13 H. Callon W. H. Psclmore 105.4 ... 14 ... 343 ... 22 ... 15.68 Thowlis J. W. Bibby 10.2 ... 5 ... 15 ... 4 ... 3.75 W. Bennett

===== 0002601_19060915_art0208.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling:

One stage in connection with the Works Bowling Association programme was concluded on Saturday, (when the team competitions were decided) and a large entry for the individual main promises to afford a fitting wind-up to a successful season. Rylands (No. 1) and Fletchers were the teams to indulge in the battle royal and their meeting attracted a large crowd to the bowling green attached to the Bowling Green Inn. One of the keenest struggles on record was anticipated and a wave of expectation went round as F. Nliller and E. Bailey opened the game. Rvlands man at the outset played Indifferently but pullin4 himself together ran from 0-2 to 9-3, and to 13-6. Bailey notched another couple when he had to retire beaten 15-3.

The lead which Rylands gained on the first game they never once relinquished, and their men were always masters of the situation. Fletcher's worked hard, but at no time could they reduce the margin to less than eleven points, and in the end their opponents carried off the Finlayson cup by 20 points. During the play some first class games were witnessed, and one of these lay between W. Daniels and J. Broadhurst. Fletcher's man opened with three singles and Daniels followinc, suit, the scores were brought level. Broadhurst again went to the front, but his opponent was not to be denied and peeled at 8,9, 11, 12 and 14, though he lost the last point. Boughley had an equally prolonged fight, though he met with greater 51CC1396 than his collertene. At the outset he was left very much in the rear by Woods, but getting his length he gradually drew level, and on the last end claimed the game. After leading 7-0 A. Shaw only defeated Bandies by the odd point. At one stage he even looked like being beaten as his opponent took the lead but Shaw is not the one to admit defeat before actually beaten and a determined effort gave him the honours. On the whole Rylands thoroughly deserved their victory and the first to admit this will be the defeated team though Fletchers mean, if the teams meet again nest year, to reverse the result.

The competition for the consolation prizes wee also decided on Saturday when Whitecross (No. 1) team carried everything before them. In the semi-final Rylands (.No 4) met the victors and had to bow the knee. Whitecross flatly declined to consider the opposi- tion over whom they rode to victory rough shod, scor- ing the highest possible number of points. In tlie final they had to meet Longford who had qualified at the , expense of Orford Tannery. In this meeting also they carried all before them and repeated their earlier per- formance. This N the way one likes to see matches won, where there is nothing half hearted but a deter- mination which surmounts all obstacles. The play of the Whit,ecross men was the feature of the afternoon sad their display was indeed entertaining.

~:,,....,.., .. , . ~:;,i, -,.... ~..4 r.......,.,,,...:„.,:..,,,7,....:...7.....-..:,:.,„..,.:....:•,,,7..,t,tt7y.N.!pv.!:.1,..::,i.,'1,•:, ;:i.,.=:.,,.,\ ....i.i,t,.,,:.:,..'i1.5.,-,,,,;/1-,',....a..`:.,r0'4.v.-..f.,t;.....:: 4...!.,..i.:.,,,-..)-Ab.....,...,,•-•;:...1%.,,,i',.'..,,,,,,,,•.1•:,i,":,f.4...ii........1"--.'.,: .v •.. ...'.F.t.--"Z:M..''''.,..44..:!, ‘..','`:''1....f.,`:;:'';',.,.':,'..1:i''',...,-.1..,i:',!!•.',1r......,,'::: '.•.-i -...-,.'."..,.'-.'-...:-;:. fi.-'::!: `'.'-'' ':'-; , ..... ''. '..-._:.;,''''''.:`,7'.'f 1',:::i...,..!:*--:... .-'4''';.-.:;...•.;:,'...-:,' ..'.7;,‘1.:':,--,..'';',.::i-.; ',)....14.'• '-'''''',.' ::.';''',.!';','::::',,t... ..,. . . .

===== 0002601_19060915_art0209.txt | included=true | included =====
A SOAP WAR. Increased Wholesale Prices and the Coupon System. WARRINGTON GROCERS' VIEWS

It is evident that the retail trade resent most strongly the deternaination of certain of the large wholesale soap-making firms in-the North of England to advance the prices to the dealers, as announced a fortnight ago. The decision has already called forth the strongest protests. At a meeting in Manchester of the Northern Council of Grocers' Associations a long and animated discussion took place on the subject. 1 One member suggested I that the Council should I ignore the manufacturers and introduce a soap of their own; which, he contended, if pushed by the members, would meet with a ready sale. On the other hand, it was pointed out that the power of advertising was so great nowadays that the grocers were practically compelled to handle certain brands of soap, and the suggestion to manufacture a " council " or "associa- tion " soap was regarded with clabimis feelings. The chief grievance appeared to be that the increased prices would only affect the retailers, and it was sub- mitted that the manufacturers should either modify or abolish their elaborate prize-giving system, or make arrangements whereby the advanced rates were equally borne by the public. A'resolution was adopted,suggest- ing a conference between the manufacturers and the leading officials of the Federation. Meantime, the controversy has been brought directly to the notice of the housewife. In the last day or two it has been noticed by them that grocers have refused to accept accumulated soap wrappers, in accordance with the popular scheme adopted by the manufacturers. The latter have met this with a counter move, and their representatives have been msking house-to-house visits, for the purpose of exchanging soap for wrappers. A representative of the" Examiner " made inquiries this (Friday) morning as to the views of Warrington grocers on the advance. He ascertained that at a recent meeting of the Warrington Grocers' and Provision Dealers' Association it was decided to send a letter to four of the largest firms—Messrs. Joseph Crostield and Sons Ltd., Lever Bros.. J. Watson and Son, and Gossages Limited—expressing the opinion that the retail price of llb tablets of their proprietary soaps should be advanced from 3d. to 3id. or the 3d tablets should be made of lesser weight, as the present price was not remunerative enough to members of the whole- sale or retail trade and was causing general dissatisfac- tion. The Warrington Association was one of the first to take action and letters have been received from the Manchester and Birkenhead Associations expressing agreement with the above opinion. A prominent Warrington grocer was emphatic in telling our reporter that the price to the consumer should be raised or the tablet made smaller. At the same time he was willing to concede that the advance was not a "game" of the soap-makers to go in for more profits. At present the supply of tallow— which largely comes from abroad—is not equal to the demand and consequently high prices rule. He believed ,that if the tallow market maintained its present condi- tion, the soap-makers would be bound to advance the retail prices. The profits which ought to be distributed between the consumer and the retailer were not, he considered, properly divided.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0210.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & CO., EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSET STREET, WARRINGTON.

WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS IN THE DISTRICT. Plain or in two or more colours, are the most attractive that can be produced, and make a very bold and striking display on Hoardings and Walls.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0211.txt | included=true | included =====
REVISING THE LISTS. MR. COUGH'S UNSUCCESSFUL APPLICATION.

SEVEN YEARS DISFRANCHISEMENT.

Mr. James T. Foard, barrister-at-law, attended at the Town Hall, on Monday for the purpose of revising the lists of voters for the borough. The Conservatives were represented by Mr. Wm. Holbrook and Mr. Herbert Haves, and the Liberals by Mr. Joseph Howes, San. Mr. W. H. Woodcock, assistant overseer, was present, as well as Messrs. T. J. Garnett and F. H. Auk- land, relieving officers. Others present included the Mayor (Alderman Bolton), Alderman Smethurst, Coun- cillor Wilkinson, Mr. S. Wright, and Mr. T. S. Spinks, (assistant town clerk.) At the opening of the Court on Monday Mr. S.Gough applied for the removal of his narde from the list of persons convicted under the Corrupt Practices Act and for his re-instatement on the list of voters. Mr. Foard at the outset thanked Mr. Gough for haying supplied him beforehand with a list of the points he desired to raise ashe had been thereby enabled to look the matter up. He took it that Mr. Gough did not challenge that there were four charges of corruption against him under the Corrupt Practices Act and that he was duly convicted. Mr. Gough intimated that he did not. ' The Barrister : It is rather a novel case, and one of undoubted importance. I understand that what you wish to raise is whether the fact of conviction by itself involves disfranchisement?

Mr. Gough : Yes, sir. The Barrister : There is one point 7011 have raised. I may draw attention to the Act of 1883, which provides that a person who is convicted under section 6," on indictment of any corrupt practice shall, in addition to any punishment be not capable during a period of seven years from the period of his conviction of being registered or of holding a public office," and in addition he cannot be registered as an 'elector or voter at any election in the United Kingdom, whether it he at a Parliamentary election, or an election for any public office within the meaning of that Act. The Act of 1881 is the one under which we have to act really, and it says : "A person guilty of an illegal practice in reference to a municipal election shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding £lOO, and be incapable during a period of five years from the date of his conviction of being regis- tered as an elector or voting at any election, whether it be a Parliamentary election or an election for a public office within the meaning of this Act; held for or within the borough in which the illegal practice has been committed." It is upon that particu- lar section that the Town Clerk has, in pursuance of his duty, under a penalty of £5O, to make the return which the statute provides, and this return is before me, and which I am, by this Act, entitled to adjudicate upon, and it is to the effect that Samuel Gough, house- furnisher,Winwick-street,was found guilty of the offence of bribery (at a Borough Council election) at the Liver- pool Assizes, on the 16th February, 1901. If the Town Clerk had not inserted the name it would have been my duty to have called upon you by special notice to attend here to say why your name should not be put in the illegal practices list. I merely draw your attention to the disqualification. Ido not know that I can do any more than draw your attention to the Act of 1884 which declares positively and absolutely that a person guilty of an illegal practice in reference to a municipal elec- tion shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding £lOO. In your case I suppose the judge con- sidered there were such mitigating circumstances to be considered that he only fined you £25. Mr. Gough : He said they had not taken a petition. The Barrister: That is merely an alternative pro- vision : they chose that particular mode. The judge himself trying the case would have no power to deal with this particular point of your disfranchisement. That follows ipso facto on the conviction. linfortun- lately I can do nothing in the circumstances. I cannot Igo behind the statute, which is emphatic. I cannot inquire whether the decision is right or not. I have to 'act on that decision. Mr. Gough : Don't you think it necessary they should produce the certificate of conviction? The Barrister: I have no power at all. Mr. Gough : It is not stated in the section that a certificata of the Court shall be presented ? The Barrister : That merely deals with cases under election petitions. All those sections, or nearly all, have been repealed. Mr. Cough: My contention is that the only way to proceed against one charged with bribery or corruption is by election petition. It is on the finding of an election court. I know no case. I have solicitors who have looked the cases up,and they tell me they know no case similar to mine where there has been only one pro- ceeding under summary jurisdiction. The Barrister : So far there has not been a case, precisely the same. lam not aware of a particular case in which there has been a conviction before a judge,or properly constituted authority for the particular offence, but where that conviction has taken place, and there is a copy of the conviction placed before me as there is in this case, I have— Mr. Goagh : That is what lam challenging. The Barrister: I have a certified copy under the statute from Sir Herbert Stephen,clerk to the Liverpool Assizes, dated Eeptember 7th,1906. The Barrister then read the text of the certificate, which concluded by stating that " the conviction still remained in full force, and had not been reversed or made void." That was absolute and final. Mr. Gough : I made an application to the Town Clerk, but this was not the certificate that was pro- duced. I should like to know when the certificate was obtained. Mr. T. S. Spinks (assistant Town 'Clerk).—There can be no objection to Mr. Gough knowing when we received the certificate. We obtained it last week. We have the previous one in our possession—the one we got at Mr. Cough's conviction. The Barrister : That will do Mr. Gough. Mr. Gough : Are you prepared to state a case ? The Barrister: I don't think there is any rule. __ . .

Mr. Gough: I think there is. The Barrister : There is no rule upon which I could state a case, or I would do so. I must leave you to your ordinary remedies. If your advisers think there is a case they must take the usual course to enforce me stating it. That is all. Mr. Gough : It is for five years. The Barrister : For five years and not seven. I don't know whether an appeal could have been made to the judge. I apprehend not from the words of the Act. Mr. Gough (shaking hands with Mr. Foard) : I am very much obliged to you for the kindness yomhave shown to me, and for the efforts you have made to try and explain the matter. SEVEN YEARS' DISFRANCHISEMENT, NOT FIVE. At the evening sitting, the Revising Barrister again asked for Mr. Gough, but that gentleman was not Present. Mr. Foard said he was under a misapprehen- sion that morning, when he was dealing with the case, believing that Mr.Gough was convicted under a particular section of the Act, which said that five years was the maximum punishment. He found, however, on reference to the statute that Mr. Gough was convicted under section 6, and the consequence was that he was dis- qualified for seven years, and not five. MR. PETER PEACOCK'S VOTE.

Mr. Peter Peacock applied for a vote as tenant of 62 West-street. Mr. Holbrook : Does anyone reside with you at West-street ? Applicant : My brother and my sister. It is my brother's house and I am the tenant. Mr. Holbrook objected, and said so many resided in the house that it was hard to find out who was the tenant. Mr. A.PeaPock was on the lists in respect to the same house. Mr. Howes : Mr. Holbrook objects to Mr. Arthur Peacock having the vote on the ground that he is not the tenant. The applicant is the tenaat. Questioned by the Barrister and others, Mr. Peacock said he lived in Bewsev-road until the end of September when he went to 62, West-street. His brother was the owner of the house. Mr. Holbrook said that the applicant did not reside at 62, West-street, but in the Wallasey division. The Barrister : I shall want some proof that the applicant pays the rent, and that this is not a family arranaement. Applicant : I can produce the receipts for the rent. Continuing, he said he had taken apartments at Wallasey for the summer months, and he went there three or four nights a week according as his business allowed, but he was bound to stay at West-street for so many days. Mr. Howes asked for the case to be adjourned until the Evening when the rent receipts could be produced. He added that the applicant went to Wallasey for the benefit of his health. He took a summer residence near the seaside. As a matter of fact for four or five nir hts a week he regularly slept at 62, West-street, of which he was the tenant. He paid the rent to his brother who was the landlord of the house. The receipts would be produced in the evening. Mr. Holbrook: Will they be written to-day? Mr. Howes : I refuse to discuss that with you. Mr. Peacock has paid the rent and receipts have been given and those receipts will be produced. The claim was allowed. APPLICATION BY MR. ENGLAND.

Mr. Ebenezer England, accountant, &c., and one of the borough auditors, applied for a vote in respect of an office in Corporation-street, which, he said, be had occupied sinct the let March, 1901. He paid £lO a year rent. Mr. Holbrook objected on the ground that Mr. England had given up the tenancy during the qualifying period. Mr. England said he gave notice to give up the tenancy on March Ist of this year, but he subsequently renewed the tenancy. He never took the furniture out of the office, and, therefore, he claimed thathe had been paving rent continuously as from the Ist March. Mr. Holbrook : He really gave up the premises. He gave notice to the overseers that he was not to be rated during a portion of the year.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0212.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AMINE

===== 0002601_19060915_art0213.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS.

Mr. England : Excuse me. I never gave notice to the overseers that I was not to be rated. The Barrister: You have paid for the whole of the twelve months?

Mr. England : Yes, sir, as I can prove. The Barrister : He has not paid the rate in respect of the quarter for which he gave notice. Mr. Howee : Because the rates are not yet due for the quarter. The quarter is not yet up. The Assistant Overseer : It is a half-yearly rate. Mr. England has up to the end of September in which to pay. The Barrister : It is contemplated to make him pay the rates. lam satisfied about the tenancy, and I want to_be satisfied about the rates. _

Mr. Holbrook (to the Assistant Overseer) : Did you get any notice that he was to be rated ? Mr. Woodward: We presumed that the office had been vacated. The vote was allowed. VOTE CLAIMED FOR MR. ARTHUR PFIACOCR".. "ATTEMPT TO MANUFACTURE A VOTE."

Mr. Peter Peacock applied on behalf of hie brother Mr. Arthur Peacock, for a vote in respect of a ware- house in \Vest-street. Mr. Holbrook said that that was the third time Mr. Peter Peacock had applied for votes that day in connection with the family, first for himself, then for a brother, and now for another brother: _

Mr. peacock: But not all for the same place. Each case is entirely separate your Honour. Mr. Holbrook contended that Mr. Arthur Peacock had not been the tenant for the qualifying time, and that he purchased the business from the trustees of the late firm of A. F. and S. A. Peacock, of West-street. He could not for reasons which Mr. Holbrook stated have been in occupation on the 15th July as alleged by Mr. Peter Peacock.

The Barrister said he must have better evidence. ,Mr. Holbrook : Perhaps the Assistant Overseer can give us the date of the occupation. The reply was that it was the Ist of October. The Barrister : There may have been some sort of understanding amongst the firm, but I can only accept the overseer's testimony as being final. Mr. Howes : If Mr. Arthur Peacock appears will you re-consider the matter ? The Barrister : I don't mind hearing him, but I don't think I shall be able to alter the facts. _ _ . .

Mr. Holbrook : This is nothing more than a dis- gricefill attempt to manufacture a vote. The Barrister : It does not appear to commend itself to me at present.

The claim waS disallowed. CONCLT_TDING SITTING.

The concluding sitting of the Court was held on Wednesday morning, when the process known as starring" the lists was gone through. The Conservatives claimed a lodger's vote on behalf of Mr. Edward Draper, solicitor. Mr. Howes pointed out that there were two occu- pants, and the rental was £l5 10s. net. The Barrister held the claim to be a good one and allowed it.

At the close of the business Mr. W. Holbrook, on behalf of the Conservative Association, moved a rote of thanks to the Revising Barrister for the kindly manner in which he had listened to all'cases,and for the judgments he had given. He also cordially thanked the overseers who had succeeded in producing a very good list.

Mr. 3. Howes, jun., on behalf of the Liberal Associa- tion and Progressive Labour League, seconded. Since the last Revision Court, he said, they had been through the heat of an election and it was surprising that during the contest not a single complaint was made at the Liberal offices by any person who thought he was entitled to be on the list but had been left off. That fact, he thought, spoke volumes for the overseers. It was a pleasure to be associated with Mr. Woodcock and he did not think they could find a more perfect register in any part of the country than the one they had in Warrington. The kindness extended to those who had business at the Court by the Revising Barrister made it a pleasure to appear before him. Mr. Foard in responding said he had received the greatest possible assistance from both political agents and he could only echo the words of Mr. Howes with respect to the excellence of the lists. They were as nearly perfect as he could conceive them to be made. He had to congratulate himself on having been saved an enormous amount of trouble and the ratepayers had also been saved trouble in not having to appear in answer to objections on errors. He wished to specially acknow- ledge the assistance of Mr. Woodcock in preparing such admirable lists.

Mr. Woodcock said he was much obliged for the complimentary remarks about the lists. It had been his endeavour and the endeavour of the staff to prepare as perfect lits as possible and they left no stone unturned to achieve that object. It was gratifying to find that the result of their labours was so satisfactory to the Revising Barrister and to the public.

Business of the Next Meeting. The eiam itmt eoen mthly mill b ee eht ienl oaft tthhee TWeawr rai Hall no Ea d:surceantdi oa evening. The business to be considered includes the following : SCHOOL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. THE CERTIFICATE EXAMINATION. At a meeting of the School Management Committee the result of the recent certificate examination of tbe Board of Education for teachers in elementary schools/ so far as it affected teachers who attended the eve' classes at the Technical Institute, was submitted, it was noted that all of the seven candidates who for the examination had passed, three of them ha, obtained distinctions. SWIMMING INSTRUCTION. A letter was submitted from the Town Clerk, warding a copy of a report by the keeper of the to the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee, the teaching of swimming at the baths to scholars fl the schools in the Borough, and the director requested to report upon the proposals cor' therein.

THE COOKERY CENTRE. A report upon the work done at the cookery during the past year—showing that, out of 994 from the public elementary schools who recei instruction in cookery during the year, 925 qualified regular attendance for grant, 106 of whom attended the third, 288 for the second and 531 for the first of instruction—was submitted and noted.

The resignation of Miss Nellie Hill, Assis Cookery Mistress, was accepted ; her engagement terminate on the 30th September, 1906. BOARD OF EDUCATIoN's NEW REGULATIONS. The Committee then proceeded to consider the foil( ing regulations recently issued by the Board of Educati viz. :—(a) the Code of Regulations for public elenu tary schools ; (b) the Regulations for the instructi, and training of pupil teachers ; (c) the Regulations Secondary schools ; (d) the Regulations for Techni schools, Schools of Art,and other schools and classes further education; and (e) the Regulations for the tra lug of teachers and for the examination of students Training Colleges. Consideration of the paragraph by which, with ' consent of the Local Education Authority, unvaccinated teacher who has declared to the Board conscientious objection to vaccination may be recog- nised, was deferred, it being understood, however, that all candidates for pupil te.achership under the Commit* would be required to be vaccinated.

-REPORTS ON TEACHERS' WORK. A deputation from. the Warrington Branch of National Union of Teachers (consisting of Mr. W. Stansfleld, Mr. S. W. Jeffery, and Mr. F. H. Longshaw) then waited upon the Committee, and laid before thewl the views of the teachers in reference to the half-yeae' reports upon assistant teachers required by the Co! mittee from the Head Teachers and Managers. the deputation had withdrawn, it was, after some cussion, resolved that, in future, the reports upon • conduct and work of the assistant teachers be ora., required from the Head Teachers and Managers wherr the same are of an unsatisfactory character ; and thatil when such a report is received, the teacher so reportell, upon shall be notified of the fact, and shall be afforde an opportunity of stating his or her case before Committt.e.

On the recommendation of the sub-col-mil appointed to consider the applications received for vacant post of assistant mistress at the Secondary schc. and Technical Institute, it was resolved that Beatrice Emma Dawson, 8.A., be appointed assistanu mistress at the Secondary school and technical Institut,e (subject to her work being satisfactorily reported upon the Head Master of the school at the end of the pr' term) at a commencing salary at the rate of gl annum.

GRAMMAR SCHOOL SCHOLARSHIPS. A letter was submitted from the clerk to governors of the Warrington Grammar School, exr ing their regret that, through a misunderstanding, award of the Council scholarships this year, in ace( ance with the agreement arrived at, had been o' looked, but suggesting that two of the scholar& already awarded should be designated Council schol ships. The committee could not see their way to af to this suggestion, and it was resolved, that, under circumstances, the governors of the Warringt, Grammar school be requested to grant the Educat,l, committee four, or, in the event of the numbers in school Rarranting it, five Council scholarships year.

FORTHCOMING PRIZE DISTRIBUTION. It was decided to ask Sir Henry F.Hibbert, Chaii of the Lancashire County Education Committee, present the prizes and certificates to the students oft 0 School of Art, the Technical Institute, and Secondary - Secondary school. OVERCROWDING. At a meeting of the School Attendance Committelia letter from the Nlanagers of the Warrington paroobded school suggesting that, in view of the overor°ade state of the boys' department, arrangements be —ho for H.M. Inspector for the district to visit the SC.g having i been read, the Director was requested to mate, n reply, that, in view of the approaching co pletion of the " Beamont " County School, the Com- mittee do not think that anything further eau be dono in the matter until the effect of the opening of that school can be seen. THE NEW SCHOOLS. QUESTION OF WORKMEN'S WAGES. Further correspondence which had been received frons the Secretary of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council and the Secretary of the Warrington and Dis: trict Master Builders' Association, was considered, and, after some discussion, it was resolved that the Director be instructed to enquire from the individual build in the town as to the rate of payment to labour actually supplying bricklayers by the various methods It was decided that the amended plans for the " Bolton " Council school now submitted by Messrs. J• E. Wright, Garnett and Wright be approved, and th/A tracings thereof be submitted to the Board of Education for approval.

Latest Quotations. BANK RATE 317'0. SETTLING DAY . 27TH SEPT. 1906. .. . OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY N 00.74: Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day'. BRITISH FONDS. R Consols 23°,'. 100 .86 21% Annuities 100 .93 ,‘ 21 Annuities 100 .81: Nt. War Loan 21^'. Red 1910 lOO .97

Local Loans Stick 1912 lOO Bank of England Stock lOO India Stock 100 .103 / HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian lOO .109 Glasgow &S.-W. Prei. Ord. lOO .64t Great Central Deferred lOO .171 ° Great Central Preferred lOO 394 Great Eastern 100 .83

_984 .279

Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO -.40 Great Western lOO 135 Lancashire and Yorkshire lOO ..103 London, Brighton & South Coast 100 ...132 London Chatham and Dover 100 .142 Londonand North-Western lOO ...153 London and South-Western lOO .151 Metropolitan lOO 64 , Midland Def. Convd. Ord 100 .66 Do. Pref. Convd. Ord 100 .66 North British lOO 431 North Eastern Consols 100 ...139 North Staffordshire lOO _lOl South Eastern ' 100 SS COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific 100 1831 Grand Trunk of Canada lOO 281 Do. Guaranteed 100 104 Do. Ist Pref. lOO ..122 Do. 2nd Pref 100 114 Do. 3rd Pref lOO 681 BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 -.357 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO .34a London and County 90 ..91 , London and Westminster `,O _522 Manchester and County l7 .59,3, Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 -.50 Parrs `)0 Mt Union of London l5l .37 Union of Manchester , ll ...264 Willitims Deacons 8 25:i BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Greeton 5',6 Cum. Pref. lOO .115 Bell and Co. Ord lO .114- Bents Brewery Ord, lO —5l Boddineton's Ord 10 .81 Chester's Ord lO .10 Groves Sc Whitnal 5% Cum. Pref 10 ...SI Guinness (A.) Son &.- Co, Ord. lOO 565 Manchester Ord. lO ...21 * Parker's Burslem Ord 10 -101 Springwell Ord 10 71 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO 21 Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum Pref 10 ...91 TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Ord lOO —67 , Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6% lOO ...110i! do. Def. Ord. lOO ..111 do. let Pref. 6% lO -.111 do. 2nd Pref. Minimum 6% lO —lll Nat. felephone 31% Deb. Stock lOO —9Bl

I

Warrington.—Printed and published by 'f4 Co., at The Examiner General Printing W°(j Besesey-street, and published by them at the place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoris-roi% WIDNES: 32, George-street, ST. HELENS: 3, Marke% street, EARLESToWN; Church-street RUNCORN, SeP 15th 1906.

I

the )015, ening ' and sat fe baths upoo frog! sral mtaineo centre irIS 3iced bf ed for course istae to itioo rneri* ,tion 1 for mical 39 fa :rain- s the tie ' his ittee the ts'a) 3ra Hy` ofir Whes dis- the ill Rhea that, ,orted ordett the ittee the, lot Miss , bl preSø 0 per he ng, the accord- n oler )larshlPs cholar- agree - the 100 :deo the nes irtafol to the he JC Jers arers methods- -1

===== 0002601_19060915_art0214.txt | included=true | included =====
FLOWER SHOW AT WINWICK.

Success attended the second annual show in connec- tion with the Winwick Horticultural Society which was held on Saturday in the Schools, Winwick. The number and quality of the exhibits showed a decided improvement, and great interest was taken in the show. Notable features were the fine dis- plays of cut flowers. fruit and vegetables. The President of the society is the Rev. Canon Penrhvn ; the Vice-President, the Rev. A. Inglis ; the Hon. Secretary. Mr. J. S. Pettener ; and the committee Messrs. J. Holmes, R. Jolley, G. W. Beard, F. Britch, C. Geron, Preston. P. Longton, J. Platt, A. Baker, Berry, R. Melling, and Greenhalgh.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0215.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AWARDS.

The following is a list of the awards : Plants.—Foliage plants, distinct : 1, G. W. Beard ; 2, J. E. Pettener. Window plants (flowering) distinct : 1, G. W. Beard; 2, .T. E. Pettener. Single geranium : 1, J. E. Pettener. Single petunia: 1, J. E. Pettener. Begonia : 1, .1. E. Pettener : 2, Mrs. Pettener. Colouc : 1. T. Johnson. Pot of fern (any variety) : 1, J. E. Pettener; 2, G. W. Beard. Hanging basket or hanging plant : l, J. Woofe ; 2, J. W. Knowles ; 3, G. W. Beard._ _ _

_ Cut Floworg.-Roses, distinct : 1, J. Oulton ;2, J. W. Knowles. Double dahlias, distinct : 1. G. W. Beard ;2, J. Holmes. Pompone : 1, J. Holmes ;2, A. Rowson. Cactus: I, A. Rowson ; 2, J. Holmes. Asters, distinct : I, A. Rowson ; 2.0. Gerosa. Stocks: 1, .J. E. Pettener ;2, C. Gerosa. Gladiolas (spikes) any variety : 1, J. E. Pettener ; 2, C. Gerosa. Stand, 12 distinct cut blooms (out-dooc grown) : 1, T. Johnson; 2, J. E. Pettener. Fruit.-Cooking apples : 1, C. Geross ;2, J. Berry ; 3, J. E. Pettener. Dessert annles : 1, J. Betty; 2, C. Robinson. Pears : 1 and 2, C. Robinson. Vegetables.-White onions: I, G. W. Beard; 2, J. Bnnney. Red onions: 1, J. Holmes •2, R. Ormiston. Pickling onions : 1, J. Bnnney ; 2, M. Potter. Leeks : 1, J. Holmes; %Thomas Johnson. Heads white celery: 1, G. W. Beard. Heads red or pink celery: 1, J. Holmes; 2, G. Baker. Scotch cabbage : 1. J. Woofs ; 2, J. Holmes. Red cabbage : I, W. Britch ; 2. R. Ormiston. Savoy cabbage: 1. G. W. Beard; 2, J. Holmes. Cauliflower: 1, J. W. Knowles ' • 2, G. W. Beard. Long carrots : 1, J. Berry ; 2, J. Dumbell. Shorthorn carrots : 1, J. Berry ,• 2, J. Holmes. Parsnips: 1, J. Woofe ; 2, J. liolmes. Mangels : 1, C. Robinson; 2, E. Brocklehurst. Swede turnips : 1, E. Brocklohurst : 2. C. Robinson. White turnips : 1, T. Johnson ; 2, G. Baker. Yellow turnips: 1. G. Baker; 2, J. Dumbell. Round notatoes : 1, J. Dumbell ; 2, P. Birchall. Flat potato : 1, J. Black- ledge ; 2, A. Kilshaw ; 3, G. Marsh. Green peas : I, R. Ormiston ; 2. ;LW. Knowles. French Beans: 1, J. Berry; 2, G. W. Board. Runner beans : 1, J. Holmes; 2, R. Oulton. Vegetable marrows : 1, W. Birch ; 2, G. Baker ; 3, R. Oulton. Root of parsley in pot : 1, T. Johnson. Special collection of vegetables (any variety), one yard space allowed: 1, J. Holmes ; 2, G. W. Beard. Broad beans : 1, G. Baker ; 2, J. Holmes. Beetroot : 1, C. Robinson; 2, R. Ormiston. Curly greens : 1, J. Holmes : 2, J. Dambell. Tomatoes : 1. T. Mellor; 2, T. Johnson. Prizes fcr bouquet of wild flowers, gathered bY chil- dren under 14 years of age: 1, Eva Cooper ; 2,Charles Sand i f ord. Prizes for bouquet of wild flowers, gathered by children under ten years of age : I, James Sweetlove : 2, Doris Foden ; 3, "Lillie Ormiston. Messrs. Thomas Pierpoint and Co., two Parcels of bulbs, value 55.. and 2s. 6d., for the best dish of peas grown from seed supplied by them : 1, R. Ormiston ; 2, G. Baker.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0216.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN QUARTERLY MEETING. Proposed Supernumerary. Minister for

, * - 4 • n „.

Lymm. The quarterly meeting in connection with the War- rington Wesleyan Circuit was held at Lytnin on Thurs- day afternoon. Tea was served in the schoolroom, the attendance numbering bet Ween forty and fifty, and after- wards the business of the Circuit was discussed. The financial report presented by Mr. J. G. Withinshaw was very satisfactory. After paying the expenses there was a surplus on the quarter's work of Rll, and it was decided to devote this to the circuit debt.

- The membership returns were submitted. and showed the number of members in the circuit to be 899—an increase of 2—with 92 on trial, Mr. William Silcock was appointed treasurer of the Foreign Missions Fund, and Mr. George Weaver, junr., was elected lay secretary. Arrangements were made for a Foreign Missionary Campaign in the winter. Mr. William Hickman was appointed treasurer of the Circuit Travelling Fund. The Institution Committee reported that the Rev. Thomas Gladding of Bradford had accepted the invita- tion of the circuit to come to Warrington in 1908 as second minister.

A long discussion took place es to the desirability of engaging a supernumerary minister to reside at Lymm The suggestion was very favourably received by the meeting and a committee was appointed to arrange the financial details. , Mr. J. E. Richardson was elected treasurer of the Worn-out Preschers' Fund.

_ It"-Was—d-eCided to hold the next quarterly meeting at Bold-street Church on December 13th.

===== 0002601_19060915_art0217.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION COMMIT NE.

THE SECONDARY_ SCHOOL.

===== 0002601_19060915_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CHURCH BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16TH. 1906. PREACHER : REV. J YONGE. norms 10.30 A.M. 6.30 P.M. (N.B—The Services will be held in Wycliffe Halt) The Church will he Re-opened on Sunday. September 23rd. PULL PARTICULARS NEXT WEEK.

MALE NURSES AT A MOMENT'S NOTICE. LIVERPOOL MALE & FEMALE NURSES' INSTITUTION. (ESTABLISHED 1878), HOPE HOUSE, HOPH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone: 2570 Royal. Telegrams : Nurses, Liverpool.

BOL D STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. ON SUNDAY NEXT. SEPTEMBER 16TH. Morning 10.30. Rev. J. MANNING. Evening 6.30. Rev, R. J. GAWNR. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided.

KENT & SON, JEWELLERS SINCE 1760 70, DHANBGATB (opposite Barton Arcade.) MANCHBSTBE, ILLUSTRATED OITILoGUE7OP SPECIALITIES POST FREE ON APPLICATION.

HAIR COMBINGS made up W- per OZ, 00VERLIITTR 1 TAILS OP ) Fitont HAIR FRAMES, PURR FROM 3/8 EACH. NAIL T B BROWN, 3, L13E013 ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

THE MISSES PARTINGTON resume their DANCING CLASS for CHILDREN on Wednesday: October 3rd, at the Wlnmarlegh Cafe, Sankey-street, Warrington. at 5.15 p.m—For terms apply SToCKTON LODGE, Stockton Heath. THE MISSES PARTINGTON resume their DANCING CLASS for ADULTS on Wednesday. October 3rd, at Stockton Lodge. Stockton-Heath, at 8 p.m. For terms apply to the above address,' VOUND IN THIS BOROUGH on the afternoon 1: of Friday, the 7th inst :—A BANK NOT& Owner can have same on giving description to Central Police office. LUKB TALBOT, Warrington, Chief Constable, or to September 11th. 1906. Mr. Chiq Inspector Phillips.

HENRY ILES, Detective and Confidential Agent. If yon want an object accomplished apply to Henry llee who conscientiously undertakes all personal matters with tact and ability.— Address, 68, KBLLETT RD., Brixton, London, 13,W. Telegrams " Ilestian, London."

NOTICE.—I, JOHN TAYLOR, of Padgate Lane. Padgate, give notice that, I WILL NOT 1313 REPONSIBLII FOR ANY MISTS contracted by my wife after this date, September 13th, 19C6.

IF YOU WANT A REAL CHESHIRE RABBIT TRY McDERMOTT, Wholesale Market, Warrington. JIIBi BELOW THE AUCTIONEERS.

NOTICE. M.R. T. BROUGH HAS RESUMED REHEARSALS WITH his JUVENILE CHOIR for THE WINTER SESSION and HAS A FEW VACANCIES TOR GIRLS about 14 years of age. FOR PARTICULARS APPLY AT 123. LOVELY LANE, WARRINGTON.

RELIANCE PHONOGRAPHS. RELIANCE TALKING MACHINES WHOLESALE AGENTS FOR T. A. EDISON PHONOGRAPHS. 60,003 R BCORDS LARGEST STOCK. Wholesale Catalogues. CHEAPEST PRICES. Reliance Great tores. Cash or 2e. per week. 29 AND 31, MANCHESTER STREET, LIVERPOOL. CYCLE AND MOTOR ENGINEERS. Haab. 1881 Telephone Central 5822.

MARSH'S HARDWARE STORES, 53, SANKEY STREET. BEST VALUE IN TRUNKS, kPANESE BASKETS, &c.

SMOKE LUDLOW'S" OLD BOY'S" TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE le. 7D. PER LB. TIN; 68. PER LB. T ST. UDLOW & CO., WHOLESALE AND RUTAILIICICIAII muRemANTs4 15, WINWICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 414 Y.

FIVE SECOND-HAND PIANOS (RETURNED FROM HIRE). FOR SALE. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. RUARANTEED 10 YEARS. TUNED FREE 12 MONTHS. B. WADS WORTH'S, 59. SANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON,

R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE HAG (COW HIDE) From 208. od. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. Id. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL CENTRAL BUILDINGS, 41A, NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Is I 4 INIAGBEL" RAZORS ARB THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHBFFIRLD MAKE, svAREANTRD, POST FREE 21. ed., be., 4e. 65., AND 6s, 6D J. O. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANH, LIVIHIPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

LONDON-LIVERPOOL DRESS AGENCY, 6 BOLD ST., LIVERPOOL. LADIES CAN DISPOSE OF THEIR WARDROBE AT THIS AGENCY ON COMMISSION. SEND FOR CIRCULAR, UP-TO-DATE DRESSES NOW ON SALE.

W ARRINGTON 'UNION. APPOINTMENT OF VALUBR. The Guardians of the Warrington Union IFIVITH APPLI- CATIONS FOR THE OFFICE OF VALURR OF RATE- ABLE HEREDITAMENTS inclusive of Railways, Canals, manufactories &c., within the Union. The person to be appointed must have had experience in the work and each Candidate must explain in his application the nature and extent thereof. He will be at liberty to accept retainers for valuation work within other Poor Law Ut,lons but will not be permitted to undertake work of any kind within the Warrington Union other than that of the Assessment Com- mittee. Remuneration £2OO per annum. Applications with testimonials to be received by .me on or before Saturday September 29th at 12 noon. By Order, J. C. SUTTPIT, Clerk to the Assessment Committee. Bewley Chambers, Warrington, September, 1906.

COUNTY BOROUGH Olr WARRINGTON.—The CEMETERY COMMITTEE INVITE TENDERS for the supply of IR pairs of grave screws and 6 pokers for the Cemetery. Samples may be seen at the Office of the Registrar. Tenders securely fastened to be endorsed "Tenders for Grave screws. &c.. " addressed to " The Chairman of the Cemetery Committee, Torn Hall." and to be received net later than 12 noon on Monday, the Bth Ontober,l9o3. The successful tenderer will te required to observe the standard rate of wages ani working hours prevailing in the district, J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk.

OUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- The SANITARY WORKS COOMITTBB are pr.parecl . to KECEIYR TRNDRRS for the supply of about 40 tons Per week of good FIRING. SLACK to be delivered at Longford Depot In such quantities as may be required from day to day during six months,commenclng October 10th,1906 Persons tendering must submit along with their .tender a fair sample, 7 IN in weights of the slack they tender for. The contraeor whose tender Is accepted, will be required to observe the recognized customs and donditiOnS as to rate Of wages and working hours prevailing within the district. Tenders, securely fastened, must be addressed " The Ohairman.Sanitary Works Conarnittes, Town Hall, Warring- ton," endor•ed, " Tender for Filmk." and delivered not later than Monday, 24th September 1906. The low.st or Iltiv render will not necessarily be accepted. Longford Depot, Warrington. R. WILSON, 12th September. 1906. Manager.

DUBLIN, ALSO ENGLISB. LAKES --- TEDCAISTLE LINE. riv. Dublin Horse Show 28th to 31st, Aug, also visit of Atlantic Fleet. " BLAME OCK," "CUMBRIA." " EBLANA," and ADRIA," from SOUTH SIDE NELSON DOCK, Liverpool Every Tuesday,' Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, to DUBLIN. RETURN SALOON. 10s. •' STEERAGE, 55.; with Cheap Excursion Tickets EVERY SAILING DAY. to Bundoran, Bray, Wicklow, &c. ; also on Fridays and Saturdays to Killarney, Cork, &o. The fast S.S. BLACKBOCK from LIVERPOOL on Tuesdays and Fridays, and from DUBLIN Mondays and Wednesdays. SHORT DATE TICKETS on Fridays to DUBLIN, including Return Saloon Fare, Hotel, Meals, Ac., as advertised 3 days 275. 6d. or 5 days 425. 6d. EirECIAL ROUND SEA TRIP, per "Cumbria," Every Saturday, to Whiteha7en, giving 3t. days for English Lakes, thence to Dublin,and back to Liverpool (6 days or 2 months), Saloon 20s as per Sailing Bills. Apply TEDCASTLE, McCORMICK, & CO., LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Telegrams, " Tedcastle." Telephone 975.

GARNETT'S FURNITURE. NEW DEPARTMENT.

GARNETT'S FURNITUf?EI NEW DEPARTMENT.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EvER OFFELIED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND Is. SD., EACH Wanze.krait BY. J. GEDDES & SON, LTD:, WARRINGTON. BEITABLIMEED 1833.

utp MUSH AND FOREIGN WATCH SUPPLY COMPANY, 15. GORKI PIAZZAS, LIVERPOOL . A SINGLE ARTICLE AT WHOLHSALE PRIOR. Rolled Gold Waltham Hunter, 38s. ; 10 years guarante. Rolled Gold Waltham Hunter(open facelwith any monorram. Us. ; 10 years' guarantee. Rolled Hold Curb Albert (single), 3s. 6d. (double) ss. ; 10 years guarantee. Nidael plated Watch (good timekeeper)—not a toy, 4s. 9 Carat Ladles' Gold Keyless Watch, 255. ; 5 years' warranty. 14 Carat Ladies' Gold Keyless Watch, beautifully enamelled. 325. 6d. ; 5 years' warranty. CHEQIIRS and MONEY ORDERS PAYABLE to A. ROCHE, Manner.thlention paper. Terms: remittance with orders.

As supplied for over half a Century to the Army and Navy Boy from the Highlands direct. "A BERDREN JUR" SCOTCH VV RISKY. C. & W. STEWART, ADELPHI, ABERDEEN. Sole Proprietors. Founded 1832. 395. per doz., carriage paid. Two Sample Bottles, by post, Ss. 10d. "EXCELLENT FLAVOUR AND RoUQUET, AND IN A THOROUGHLY SOUND VOIiDICION FOR CONSUMPTION." J. GRANT-STEPHEN, AGENOIES OPEN.

MAKE RACING PAY. I WILL SEND WINNERS TO HELP YOU. My eminel tly successful system and wires combined are hot. After first win you play with the bookie's money. Always have a winning balance to your account. SYSTEM, 2S 613, wing's mugs, 58. ONE HORSE ONLY SENT ON EACH WIRE. A. GREGORY, WARREN STREET, LENHAM.

TiE WARRINGTON EXAMINER. IS NOW PUBLISHED ON FRIDAY AFTERNOON, —PRICE ONE FENNY— AND IS ON SALE AT THE VARIOUS' NEWS AGENTS AT ABOUT 4 GCLOOK.: SHOULD ANY DIFFICULTY BB EXPERIENCED IN GETTIVG THIIIIPAPER THE PROPRIETORS WILL UNDERT9RE TO DELIVER -AWCOPY AT ANY ADDRESS IN WARRINGTON BY 6 O'CLOCK:ON FRIDAY AFTERNOONIWITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE. Address all communications to EXAMINER OFFICE, B&W SEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORO DYNE, The old and tried remedy that has stood the test of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, Invaluable for COUGHS, POLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA. REFUSE to be put off with a SUINTITUTE. The original can be had of ALL CHEMISTS If you show you are not weak enough to accept an imitation COLLIS BROWNS IS THE NAME ;is. lid., 2s. 9d., 4a. 6d. the prices. J. COLLIS BROW NE'S C HLORODYNE.

MRS. i HOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND —NEWSAGENT, "EXAbiINBE " OFFICE. 33, MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWN, FANCY STATIONERY SOLUBLE FOR PRESENTS.

B&MIRO ROCKS,Buff Orringtons, Pullets 35., Cockerels 3s. 6d. Black Legharrs 3s. 61. to 51. White Leithorns Es. to ss. 13Eck Minorca Pullets 3s. 6d., Cockerels ss. Four months old, Bred from heavy layinir etrainc—BEEDON, Devenport. Darcy Lever, Bolton.

DOULTRY 110USBS and RUNS, in sections Complete from 21s. ; Dog Kennels from 6s. 6d. each ; Pigeon Houses f•om 15s. ; Dog Homes nd Runs from 255. ; Collie Kennels and Platflrrn, 12s. 6d. ; Breeding Kennels from 60s• ; Roofing Pelt, Bs. 61. per roll; 6 rolls, 204.—SMITH AND C., Sectional Builders, 56. Seel at., Liverpool.

PUBLIC NOTION—TH/1 OLD-BSTABLISHIID RADFORD ADVANCE ()0., _ OF YORRSHIRN, HAVN OPRNRD A BRANCH IN M %RUMMER. LOANS GRANTRD NO LNSS THAN £lO, TO ANY AMOUNT ON PROMISSORY NOTR, ALSO ON FURNI- TURE WITHOUT REMOVING. RRPAYMENTS TO SUIT BORROWERS. AppLy BRADFORD ADVANCR CO.. 83, BRIDGEMMIET, DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER. TinEemoxix No, 731 x.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, end ell Respect. able Householders, on their own leourity, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNRS, YOOT 07 THEE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGES: JOHN E. GOOD WIN. .8.--qatsolishoo ..f this TAgri

pßom PT CASH ADVANCES ON SIMPLE PROMMORY NOTE. Granted Immediately. Promissory Noce 2s. weekly £l.O t• £SO £IOO DISTANCH NO OBJRCT. No Fees. Fines, or Sureties. Strictly private and Confidential. Call or write EL KAY & CO., (Over Mi-rchatits Restaurant') 92, MARKET STREET. MARCH Ri4TER.

P LtASI Nui AOIRE:)6.—MAUKI.Uti t.:U 31. CAIRO ST., WARRINti PON. THE MOST PRIVATE AND OIZNIIINK OFFICE IN TOWN. I LIM MONICY to anybody worthy of credit. My rate of interrst is very low. and my repayments easy. Repay- ' men to may be made as follows :- 23 Loan.., is. weekly. £lO Loan... 311. weekly. £5 Loan... la. 6d. weekly. £l2 LORA... 3s. 6d. weekly. £7 Loan... 2s, weekly. £2O L0+n...... to. weekly, ;Other sums in proportion. Monthly or Quarterly Payments taken. All transactions treated with strictest confidence, whether business Is done or not. Bo call or write before you decide to go elsewhere, to th Mann MISS COI THRILL, 31, CAIRO ST., WARRINGTON.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEAES THOU 6 NDS. OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLb, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A UT BOON TO VV °MANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anzernias Giddiness, Fulness and bwelling after Meals. Los, of Appetite,liveteria,Palpitation of the Heart,Debility Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 90., lc lid., 2s. 9d.45. 6d. and lie. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS COUGH MIXTURE, gives instant relief as [roved by hundreds of testimonials. Bottles 3/- and 4/9 post paid from the p roprietors, 309 PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

SELF CURE NO FICTION MARVEL UPON MVIfLI NO SUFFERER WIRD NOW DESPAIR. but without running a doctor's bill or felling into the deep ditch of quackery. may safely, speedily and economically cure himself without the knowledge of a second parry. By the intioduction of the New French Remedy TH BRAPION, n complete revolution has been wrought in this department of medical science, whilst thousands have been restored to health and happiness who for years previously had been merely dragging out a miserable existence. 911-MAPION NO. 1, in a remarkably abort time, often ..1L a few days only, removes all discharges from the urinary organs, effectually superseding injections, the use of which does irreparable harm by laying the foundation of strtoLure and other seilous diseases. riltiEttaPloN No. 2. for impurity of the blood, scurvy, I. pimples, spots, blotches, pains and swellings of the joints, second sty symptoms, gout, rheusnatism, and al diseases for which it has been too much a fashion to employ mermiry, sarsnparilla &c., to the destruction of the sufferer's teeth and ruin of health. This preparation purifies the whole system through the blood, and thoroughly eliminatesl all poisonous matter frona,tbe body. qinußApicnir No. 3, for nervous exhaustion dissipation, • sleeplessness, and excess. residence in hot unhealthy climates, &o. It possesses suepr sing power in restoring health and strength to the debilitated. runEHAPION may be procured at 2e. 9d. and 4.. 61. per • package, post free any address in the United Kin/- dem by rending Postal Order to Mr. R. JOHNSON, 43,Hotford Square, Londcn. W.C. It doubtful as to No. of Th4rapion required send stamped addressed envelope for free pamphlet. Purchasers should ob,eir,, that the word appears on the Government Stamu (in white letters on a red ground), affixed to every genuine package by ordcr of His Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, and without which it is forgery

MAZAWATTEE TEA Pure. Fragrant. i?ecalls the Delicious Teas. of 30 Years ago. SOLD DT ALL GROCERS. Low

THE FUTURE OF LABOUR. toMser. e. Ta that stich3te they thoughtsecre dthg eCroi us rt iml ought Ithntd to take kweh who steps a thorough trade unionist. Councillor Wright although , he had done good service on the Town Council, was not Y AMALGAMATION QUESTION one whom trade unionists who stuck up for . the integrity of their unions could support, and he was REFERRED TO RANK AND FILE. inclined to think that if Councillor Wright,was opposed the Council would find that it had run itself into debt without obtaining any result. He did not think they Several questions of importance cares up for con- , would be wise in nominating Councillor Wright. - Mr. Pertase : I don't understand why he could not , sideration at the monthly meeting of the Trades Conn- • . • . be accepted as a thorough trade unionist. He has been cil on Tuesday with the result that there was a large a member of the wiredrawers organization for ten or attendance of delegates. The first business to attract twelve years. attention was the proposal to amalgamate the labour Mr. MASSEY : No he has not. • forces of the town with a view to rendering them more Mr. PLUMB: I understand that he has. There are effective whilst reducing the administration expenses. delegates present representing the wiredrawers and they _ The (lineation was raised at the previous meeting of the would not he true to their organization if they stood ' Council and adjourned, language like that. I think Conncillor Wright has . Councillor STOTT said that daring the interim the proved himself a thorough trade unionist ever since his .. Executive Committee of the Council had met and „ .association accepted him. I don't like anyone to cast framed certain recommendations. Their object was to reflections upon a man unless he has done something draw up something to serve as a basis for discussion, wrong since his branch accepted him. It is scarcely dn order 'that time might be saved. As the question right. (Hear, beer). would have to he finally settled by the affiliated Mr. HALLEY : I can only say that at the last contest branches they had drawn up a circular which they he had the credentials of his society given to him. recommended should be sent to the branchea, who in it Mr. Gee aLEY said he did not like the remarks made would be asked to answer three questions. They were: by Mr. Massey, which he thought were entirely uncalled (1) " Are you in favour of the Trades Council. the for. Councillor Wright had proved himself a man since Labour Representation Cora-nitttee and the Right to he joined his society and,they ought to let bye-gones Work Committee beige disbanded and a new organize- be bye-Cones. -Men being formed on the lines of the National Couneillor STOTT spoke strongly in support of Conn- Labour party, open to the membership of calor Wright. From a woekingman's point of view he trade union branches, socialists and co-opera- an organization was one of the best men on the Council and one who tors? (21 Davon prefer could pot be moved by cajolery or threats when he had -open to trade unionists only? end (3) are you in favour once made up his mind. of the Trades Council withdrawing from the Labour Mr. RANDLICS : I resent the remarks merle by Mr. Representative Committee and Making such 'alterations Massey. If Mr. Massey had only the pluck and courage in their rules as will enable them to 'contest municipal of Tom Wright he could be called a man, elections with trade union candidates?" Councillor Mr. PLUMB: I cannot allow personalities. Stott explained that opportunity would also be afforded Mr. RANDLIts :, Mr. Massey is getting on in years, for every branch to express any opinion and to make and he ought to leave been in the forefront of the labour any other recommendations if they desired to do so. Nr. PLUMB moved the adoption of the recomraenda- movement as a trade unionist. Conneillor Wright has Mr. as worked for years on behalf of trade unionism, and we tion of the Executive Committee, Mr. GREALEY seconded. He did not think however houimgh.t to have seen Mr. Massey in the forefront like that they should inelnde non-sosietv men as he d..id not afr. MASSEY : As to getting on in years I think Mr. think it right that such men shonl.l take part in discuss- a trade union business. They must be alone and Randles san give me a start. I said nothing personal in, against Councillor Wright, but merely wanted to point distinct from everyone so far as their business was concerned. out that there are trade unionists in Bewsey Ward, better trade unionists than Mr. Randles or Councillor Mr. MASSEY (engine 1 'd h had there ers said ecome ere Wright ever need hope to be, who cannot support Coun- that night to say that the Branch which he represented had thoroughly made up its mind. They did not intend cillor Wright. If I come here to express an opinion and am then personally attacked. I am quite prepared to stand idly by and see the Council weakened by the to step out and let someone else come. formation of one central body. At their last meeting The resolution was approved. they unanimously decided that rather than do anything which would weaken the Council the Trades Council AN APPEAL PROM THE ASSURANCE AGENTS. must remain as It was and not become affiliated with Mr. MOORPIELD, on behalf of the Life Assurance any other bodies. He was bound by the decision of his agents, appealed for tbe active support of the Council branch to move AS an amendment that the action of the in an endeavour to secure for the agents a standard Executive Committee be not confirmed. rate of wage and fair conditions. He said that if the Mr. RANDLES moved as an amendment that the last same conditions of labour were adopted in any other question on he circular be deleted. The reason of his trade they would be held up to contempt and ridicule. action was that he was not satisfied with a great many Of the 50,000 agents in the United Kingdom 10,000 only trade unionists. Although he was a trade unionist he enjoyed the privilege of receiving the standard could not support great many men who professed the rate of corn mission adopted by the, National same creed and who desired to become representatives Union, together with a selling right in their on their governing bodies. books when they retired from business. Another Mr. CORRIN supported Mr. Readies' amendment. The ten thousand received ' about half the standard rate proposal was evidently to start a body in competition and were also denied selling rights which might with the Labour Representation Committee. bring in anything from R.lO to £5OO. The Councillor STOTT said he could not understand two remainder received anything between half and the full delegates who professed to be democrats and believed rate of wages. Mr. Moorfteld proceeded to point out in acting in a democratic manner wanting to decide the the system adopted by some societies of splitting up question for the branches. He could not under- the books and employing three or four men, where one stand any delegates without a mandate trying to had before done the work,in the hope that each of the decide what kind of an organization they should have, new men would introduce business amongst his relatives and the only way they could act was to get the opinion and friends. He also stated that there was a system of the branches. (Hear. hear.) If the branches decided lately some into existence of employing a man on a that they would not have the last resolution, it Was for weekly wage and getting the work done for half of the Council to act upon that decision, but he could not what it cost on the commission system.. He appealed see any democratic principle in delegates trying to pre- to all trade unionists to support the National vent the question being sent to them at all. Association by doing business only with those agents Mr. HALEY. (wiredrawers) said bethought the recom- who could producea card of membership of the National _ mendation of theTommittee a very wise one. Their Association and thereby helping the association to branch had not had the matter before them, so that he secure a standard rate of commission and an interest in did not know what their view might be, and he was per- selling rights of the books. fectly sore that whetrthe question was placed before Mr PLINSTON in seconding a motion for the endors- them it would be considered upon its merits. ' ing of the appeal, said they constantly had the spectacle Upon a vote being taken, the recommendations of the presented of men in receipt of a standard rate of wages Committee were adopted by a large majority, rushing to purchase the cheapest article regardless of THE COMING MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS. the conditions under which it had been produced. He MR. MASSEY AND COUNCILLOR WRIGHT. hoped that appeal would make trade unionists think not only in regard to assurance agents, but in regard to Councillor Srote said he had received a circular from everything else. A the Labour Representation Committee in which the It was unanimously decided to endorse the appeal. Council were asked to say (1) If they were in favour of it was also decided to endorse an appeal to the the Labour Representation Committee contesting Branches,made by the Workingmen's Committee for municipal elections in November; (2) how many Wards fun4s for the Warrington Nursing Adsociatiop. they were in favour of contesting and (3) would they NOMINATIONS FOR OFFICES. nominate candidates?. Mr* Rexnees moved that the Council support the The following were nominated as officers of the contesting of municipal elections by the Labour Repre- Council, their names to be voted upon at the annual seutatina Committee. meeting of the Council : President, Messrs. Plumb, Plinston, Podmore. Grealev and Richardson *, vice- Mr. EDGE seconded. r. PODMORt said that as an affiliated body the ai and Haley (joiners) treasurer, Mr. Hovvliston ; secre- tary, Messrs. Plhaston, *Greeley, Graham, efassey ; Council, in discussing the question should consider the tary, Messrs. Stott, Pllnston,Corrin and Higginbottom; proportion of the expense which they would have to bear and he did not think it advisable that the Council executive committee, Messrs. Greeley. Eligginbottom, should pass the motion unless they were face to face Plinston, Corrin, Podmove, Randles, Massey, Stott and with thOresponsibilities attaching to their vote. If the. Haley (tviredrawers) ; Labour Representation Committee Labour Representation Committee were not in a strong' delegates, Messrs. Corrin and Plumb. financial position and the proposal meant that a heavy burden would be placed upon individual members of the Council it should receive very great consideration before it was adopted. The last contribution, if he mistook not, which they were called upon to pay as their share of the expense of a contest was lid. per member, and on'that occasion a great many members of Council did not pay their share of the expense. If the expense Was to quadrupled and they had to pay 6d.1 or Bd. per head as their share they ought to consider j We recently published an extract from a letter the matter before they voted. , addressed to the Army Council by Colonel.R. H. Dail, Councillor Semi' : We have had two calls upon us lately in command of the Ist Battalion South Lance- from the Labour Representation Committee. The first shire Regiment (Warrington), referring to an injustice was for 2d., and I received the contributions from about done to the South Lancashire Regiment in the German half of the members of the Council. The last call was official history of the Boer War. Colonel Hall is the for lid. and only seven or eight members paid the senior officer now living who was present with the Ist money. 'lf we mean to go in for elections we ought to Battalion South Lancashire Regiment durinq the be prepared to pay. If we are not prepared to pay we operations leading up to the relief of Ladysmith in ought not to go in for a contest. The Labour Repre- 1900, and he complained that in the history there sentation Committee have not yet had to contest a appears the following misstatement :—" This firing, serious election, and when they do the cost will prob- which sndrienly broke out with great violence, threw ably be Bd. or 10d. a head. When the call of 2d. was the South Lancashires on the right flank into such a made I had to pay the difference out of my own pocket. state of alarm that they too rushed pell-mell down the Mr. CORWIN said that Councillor Wright, who retired hill in full flight. Their leaders had completely lost in November, had been nominated by the Labour control over the terrified mass," etc. Colonel Hall con- Representation Committee to contest the Bewsey Ward tradieted this statement emphatically. He asserted but had refused to accept the nomination of the corn- that no such thing" ever happened to the South mittee as he felt that, not being connected with any Lancashires. , society affiliated with that body, he was ineligible. General Sir Charlet Warren's attention has been Mr. PLINSTON said that if the Labour Representation called to the matter, and he writes confirming what 'Committee deoided to run Comicillor Wright and other Colonel Hall has said respecting the incident:—" I have wards were contested it would mean a greater expense not seen the German ot3cial history of the war in South and a greater difficulty in getting in the money. Africa," Sir Charles Warren says, "but I entirely con- Mr. HIGGINBOTTOM moved that the question be cur in the extract from Colonel Hall's letter concerning adjourned until the financial position of the Labour the conduct of South Lancashires, so far as I have been Representation Committee had been ascertained. able to form an opinion. lam quite satisfied that the Mr. SMITII seconded. term made use of attributed to the German historian— Councillor Set:we said that seeing the position of the • terrified mass '—would not have been applicable to labour movement was so unsettled it would be a serious the battalion of the South Lahcashire Begimeut during matter if the Council entered into a contest and the those days of attack upon the Ladysmith position, and branches decided against any political action. They I have no doubt that you are aware that immediately were in a serious position in not having arrived at a after tue death of Colonel O'Leary in carrying the Boer settlement of the amalgamation question, trenches on Pieter's Hill 1 wrote a memorandum, Mr. ItaNDLES : But we don't want to lose the Bewsey- which I. gave to the officer in command, giving the seat. Councillor Wright has been a champion of trade South Lancashires high praise for the very gallant Unionism. manner in which they had carried the position, and I Mr. PODNIORE: The point is : If we decide in have no doubt that this memorandum is now in the favour of fighting are we prepared to pay ? archives of the regiment.' Mr. HALEY (wiredrawers), said he was in favour of municipal elections being fought and even if the levy ------ses-----... Was is. per member he would pay his snare. Upon being put to the vote it was decided by 18 to 8 ' Mr. Plowden, at West London on Tuesday, dismissed to reply to the Labour Representation Committee's with this question charge of milk-stealing against a man w $ question in the affirmative. . observation: " Considering the great temptation and It was decided to recommend the contesting of One the folly of those who leave cans of milk on doorsteps, ward. I shall discharge you. La regaNl to the last question Mr. CORRIX moved Considerable additions have been made to Leigh that Councillor Wright be nominated. Library, as the , outcome of a bequest of £3OO, by the After some discussion it was decided that Councillor late Mr. W. E. Marsh, J.P., of Kenyon. The testator Wright had a right to accept the nomination of the stipulated in his will that no modern fiction should be ' Trades Council. purchased with the legacy.

LADIES.--nN, WINDS, CHANGEABLE WEATHER will play havoc with your SKIN AND COMPLEXION. 66 99 BEETHAM'S 1 ye pc I• . e I_ imiw..,, is, however, a Sure Safeguard against their ill eflects. A little used after wetshing will KEEP THE SKIN EOM and SMOOTH ALL THE YEAR ROUND. Pottle c. 10.. Ew ed., of ail Chemsts arid Starve. AL BEETRABI dB SON. Chalt..---- W-

r THOUSANDS ARE -• ' Using Bradford's 'VOWEL ' Washing Olaeldne ,OR WASHING AT HOME, saving time, labour, and veal* and tear of clothes. L Illustrated Catalogue on arlAleation• THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140 to 142. High Holborn, London; Victoria Avenue, Manchester; 130, Bold Street, Liverpool; Crescent Iron Works. Salford. t 4. L

1)RINI1 LA.NDR--Freehold Land, Viforkshoos and Rudd P Inge. nearly 100 yards froatage River Weaver. Also . large hand saw, table and lathe, treble purchase.—Apply, Toukrisox, Lock et., Northwich.

VILLA.—TO BB SOLD or LIU', superior seml-detached Villa, just completed, in Marlborough Crescent, Latchford-Without. Magnificent outlook, large garden ; every modern convenlence.—Apply F. W. WRIGHT, Builder, 27, bt. Mary's it., Warrington.

CHIEF ERDLIS (FIRST FREEHOLD). 150, £123. £7O, £4O, £2O. £l2. £lO. from 23 to L2la ears purcnase only. This Investment cannot be equ ailed average £4 38. 41. per cent W. G. NAYLOR & Co, Surveyore,Central Charataers,Liverpool

fßistrfantous, nztales, dr. A UTOMOTIi CO OPS .—PARKER, Baguley, Altrincham.

PARK COILS, aeveral secondhand for sale, suitable for x /.3 ray work. Any ra olonab.e ofter.—W. & H., 12, Albany at., Regent's Park. N.W.

finfA HANDB[LLB 10r. 6d.. 1,000 billheads 45., o" VA—I LOCO Memos 3s. 6d TIZLFID it Co-, 66 and 68, Cierkenwell rd., London B.C. Estimates f3r Printing free.

ALUXURY.— We are now supplying airect to the public our famous Teas. lib.. 2s. ; 2lbs , 3s. 91. ; 31b9. ss. 63.; carriage paId.—SUPPLY CORPORATION. 148, Old it., London. 8.0.

o. M —What is ? It Is an eagoislte blend of ehorzie tobaccos at a moderate pri,2e. Sample TR). tin, Is. 93. post free. Smoke K.O.M.—W, R. KINOECAM. 'tobacco Blender, St. Albans.

MAGNIFICENT Upright Grand PIANO, new, overstrung beet ivory keys, with gallery, In handsome solid walnut, cost 55 guineas ; take 25 guinese.-89, BRWSZT BT., Warrington.

WHY pay for those that won't. We supply ENGLIBH LHVES advertised Worldwide at sris. for 255. Just half. Seal P.O. for particulars. Approval. Guaranteed. COLLINS Carr lane. Hull.

JJALPINAFORE'S CO an MPANT,—Pinafores cannot be S beaten. Infants from 23. ].ld., Girls from 3s. lid. doz. Bend for sample 10s. parcel Casn with order, satisfaction guaranteed.-34, FOREST RD., Nottingbam.

WHITS BUTTER PAPER 12s. 6d. per cwt. Grease Proof, 225. ; Cheese Paper, 10s. Cao Paper from 6d. ; dweet Bags, loz Cops. 6fd. 1,000. LONGWORTH'S, U9k et.. Thomas at.. Manchesuer.

rrYPICWhITINCI- PAPBR. Is. Bd. per ream; ribbons any 1 colour 2s. each ; carbons and Colour, 41. per 100 ; envelopes ls. 4d. per 1.000 and upwards ; samples free ; quality beat.—KlN, 42. Goswell rd., London.

ASTROLOGY.—Future events.marriage,partner described, family, journeys, changes. legacies, business, specula- tion, ruling planet, &e.—Send t.irth date, 6 stamps, 'tamped envelope. PROFESSOR ALVA, 33, Marshall at,,

RMY BLUCHBRS ! Army Bluckere ! 1-4,009 pairs ot new sewn Bluchers. very beet leather soles. Will send one pair, any size, post free, for 5s 6d. Cash returned If not approved of—H. J. GessoN,Governraent Contracter,Rye.

SPIICIAL PAHCBL, 7e. 6A., poet free. Contains 5i yards smart cloth in black, blues, browns, greens, greys, fawn, purple. and red (13 shades), also 2 yards stripe coat Ilning to mateI3.—HRPWORTH, 39. Market et., NeWoaetle-on- Tyne.

WB PAY YOU ?.ell for introducing our new Metal Polish to friends. Your choice of high-grade cycles, cameras, watches, jewellery, phonographs, model engines &O.—Particulars from WENGA Dl7O. Co., Dept. S. Chiswick, London.

D nee Foreign doors, English made, 6! t. 61n. 1J by 2ft. 61n, by In. square, 48 91 ; moeld two sides, 58 lid ; solid moulded, 4s lid; all other sizes in stock ; send builder's trade card for list.—JE=2o3l Ft Co., Pennewell rd.. Bristol.

IUARVBLLOUS titiSURRBOTION PLANT, ' Sernper LVI Viva,' highly scented, a thorough Deodorizer and Germ Destroyer ; rare and beautiful for Parlour or Sick Room ; you must try one; only is. tree.-11. TILLE. Up at.. Canterbury.

A II SAL BARGAIN.—Lady willing to snarl- Li. New Solid Gold Watch (wedding present), together with Guard for 2135. ; splendid timekeeper; warranty given ; money returned if not satisfied.—Miss SHEPPARD, 10, St. Albans rd., Dubdn.

OVRLY Portrait Miniatures, giving the natural colour 1.1 of hair. eyes. and complexion, in rolled gold pendant, for 2s. 6d., postage 2d extra. Miniatures only Is. Bend photo, pith full particulars. to ART HALL STIIDIOV, 125, Bermondsey st., London, S.B.

111 IBISTRIti Sunday school Teachers, Bible Students Young's Analytical Bible Concordance—best in the world—on the INsT •LMENT SYSTEM; and at HALF ORIGINLL PRICES—For terms apply BOOK SUPPLY COMPANY, 277 Mary at., Balsall Beath, Birmingham.

TDB GRAND OLD MAN that was (Gladstone), one of Jt. Bngland's noblest and greatest statesmen ; a Bold Medallion of him In massive relief In Antique Bronze ; splendid for hall or corridor ; a .leasing and lasting memento for sale cheap.—HOWELL, Maple.

How to Save Money ?—By using the • Tuffo 'Regd. the Mantle. Chemically treated, proof against vibration, and retains its brilliant lighting properties to the end. See " (,as Lighting Journal." 15th May. 4s. per dozen carriage paid. &dal terms to traders.—The TUFF() SYNDICATR, 16 Devonshire Square, London, B.D.

SUFISM; nliT OF RUSsIAN Flits% 12s. 6d. Handsome rich dark real Russian sable hare Duchesse Stole. Sit. long. with 8 tails. and Royal Dan/ to match, 12s. 61. ; worth 21. ; approval The first 1000 purchasers receive a magnificent set of hair-combs gratis. Catalogue of Far Bargains free.—ITAIVERSAL FUR SUTPLY Co., 6 Falcon Square, London. B.C.

tBAIUN& LIKENESS I— Special Offer and Value 11 20in Ai by 161 n. Bromide Photo-Enlargement for Ts. cash, or Ts. 6d. In three instalments. Also same with Lady's or Gentleman's Gold-plate finish Veatch, from 13s. 6d; or beautifully worked in OH or Water-colour, from 153. 6d.— For full particulars, address THE UP-TO-DATE ARTS AND D1,7E3710248, LIMITED, 34. Great James it., London, W.C.

VIOLIff, with Bow, Case. Resin, Pitch-pipe c ;mule te 155., post free. Goad value. State size required. MARKWELL, 14, Eton it., London, S.W. QPORTSSIBN remit ss. P.O. for Wednesday's Wire,Suecess CI absolutely confident; genuine intelligence. —H. it OAT- GOMERY, 48 Haymarket, London, S.W.

CAPB HOODS, Wind Screens, and Artillery Wheels built quickly, finished perfectly, by TALENT & Co., Motor-car and Carriage Builders, Bury New rd., Higher Broughtm, Manchester.

GOT RATS? _ll_ F SO, USB SANFORO'S POISONS. It ends the trouble by destroying them. Rate, M ice, Moles, Le., like it, eat it, and perish Try the remedy, you will be delighted with the result. Price Is. Sd. to ss. per box, of all Chemists, or SANFORD 8L SON, Sandy. Be is.

TO BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works, lately used by th‘S Lancashire Mannre Co., with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Land, with 'siding to the railway. SuVable for Chemical or other worke requiring svace.—Addrees J HOMING, 18, Fenwick street, Liverpool.

NAILS (Mixed), 81. per owt, 28Ibs, 28. 3c1.-; r screws, mixed. 28a. per cwt, ?Sibs 7i. 68.; Wire, Cut, Wrougbt, and Malleable Nails. Ts.diss. Rivets, etc., etc., wholesale prices.—MIDLIND NAIL Worm, 25 and 26,Rea it., Brimingham, JOHN FYNE, Proprietor.

A BHRGHLH.—CAMBRIAN HOTHL, Fensarn. Abergele. 11. —The only Family and Commercial Hotel, under new management; good table and home comforts, APARTMHNTS and Board ; moderate terms.--Apply E. WORRALL, Proprietor late of 131 i rl7).

ANOLHOSY 48LOG LAHIC HOTHL. Sportsman's boliday borne. Adjoins sea. lake, and surrounded by excellent golf links ; sea, trout, and coarse fishing ; bathing, boating, shooting.—Moderate inclusive terms from PROPRIKTOR.

DULL BY HOTEL, AMLWOH.—The dwitzerland of ii England ; facing the Irish Sea ; golf, shooting, fish- ing. posting ; sea baths attached.—G. J. Munn.. j LANDUDNO.—Baron Bosrding Establishment, 14 Craig-y-Don ; private APARIMENTS If desired ; splendid views ; two minutes from promenade ; moderate terms.—Mrs.

LONDOE. AVILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMNORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET; CENTRAL POE BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

POETRUSH (" The perfect place," '' London Daily Mail" —An ideal Holiday Is ensured when you stop at one of the WHITE HOUSE HOTELS (Windsor, Central, Cool- hagee) ; moderate tariff, plentiful tables, enjoyable company Clean and comfortable rooms. Write for bookIet.—HAMILTON AND Co., the White House, Portrnsh, Ireland

BLACKPOOL—Mrs. H. HOLMEB, Haberley House, 19. Cocker et.. North Shore. Public and Private APART- MENTS. Close to sea and Talbot rd., station. Terms on application.

LACKPOOL.—Pleasant homely APAETIZIENTS, public D cr private ; delightfully situated ; sea view ; seven minutes from station and piers • beds 2s. per night for one 'or two persons ; stamp for reply.—Sars. B REAK ELL. 11, Alexandra rd.

BLACKPOoL. QUPERIOR APARTMENTS.—HaIf a minute from Prom- enade three minutes from Talbot rd. HAWKINS, 9, PLEASANT ST., CLAREMONT PARK. Telegrams Emergency." Telephone, 0633.

BLACKPOOL.-APARTMKNTS, with or without board; three minutes from Central Station and SBA ; bath. piano. Parties catered for.—Mrs. HARRY STARICIE, 6, Palatine rd. (late of 68, Erdington rd.)

CoLWYN BY.—Rooms just vacant in 10-roomed House. Bath. good attendance. Four minutes to promenade.— Mr.. ROBERTS, Llys Biodwen. TIEILAMBRI3 FOREST..—Bed and Sitting rooms, bath; highly situated ; healthy—Mr. A. BLAIN, Norley, Frodsham.

DOUGLAS.— THE MANOR, Belmont Terrace, 114, Circular road. APARTMENT* with or without board; beds from Is. 6d. ; tea, bed and breakfast, 38. 6d. ; fall board from 48. 6d. Mrs. SCREECH, late of the St. Elmo."

DUBLIN.—APARTMENTS, central, tram line; personal attention ; moderate; board optional.—Mrs. REHOE. Lower Fitzwilliam it.

STOKSS BlY.—Bricing ; Fishing; Boating ; Golfiug ; Garage; FONTAINE, Alverstoke, 13‘nts. TOWYN, MBRIONBTII.—To be Let, one Sitting and two or three Bedrooms ; mcvlarate terms.—apply Hrs. WHITAKER, 15 Station rd.

11' GWYN-ON-SKIS, N. WaIes.—APARTMNNTS TO LET. T._ House Commands beautifol scenery. One minute walk from sea and station. Golf Links 1J minutes walk Good fishing In district. Good cooking and good attendance M. JONES, Wier Villa. Towyn-on-deo, Merionetb, N. Wales

QTOCKPORT 14 B H.P. Gas Engines. good condition, £75; kJ Robinson-Planer, Moulding and Boring Machine, £3O; 36-Inch Saw Bench, R. and P. Spindle, three saws, £l5; shafting and pully. £5 ; grindstone, £2lOl ; together £125; seen running by appointment.—Address J. 8., 2, Edison rd., Patricrof t.

PATENT OFF ICP MANCHESTER BISTABLISKED IA 105. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ba4 more than 40 years' personal, experience in connection with this Establish- ment. andposs es s practical &no wiedre of the cotton.woolirn and Iron mannfactnres. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price ild. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. %NORGE DAVIES, C. 8., & SON, 8.1.P.A., 111.5. A S. ST. ANN El SQUARBJKANORHSTBII.

T. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, (late Ormerod Grierson and Co.), Hulate, Manchester, have the Larges Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Pulley and Tooth Blook Patterns to., telonglng to the late Henry ; Wren and Co., London•road Iron Works, Mancheater, and are In a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all 1 kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Cataloguea of Wheels and enlley Patterns on application. NT., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ormerod Grierson. Manchester."

DooIiTAIL Boot and Shoe Business for disposal In Norwich. 11 Large double-fronted shop. old-established ; cash takings £2O to £25. Rent £35.-4pply by letter W. H. Ivaa, Halesworth.

AILOHING. HATS. CAPS etc., for dispo.al s going concern, successfully worked by vendor 32 years,good opening for smart man, or a firm as brancb.—PILLINGI, Haydock, near St. Helena.

TO DIMS AND MANTLR MAKHRS, Grand Openings, 1_ A flourishing Business for Sale, Owners Retiring. all information given to intending purehasher.- Apply 6. HIGH Wavertree. Liverpool.

MILK.—GOOD BUFsINBSS in best. part of Liverpool ; ten coal, pony float, ; selling 33 to 35 gallons per day; giving op though 111-health.—Apply J. LEWIS JONES, 60, Victoria et., Liverpool. Tel. 7909.

TO SALE. BRICK-MAKING BUSINESS. w!th 6 acres of freehold land on main road; railway siding can be put Into same on to Gr, at Central tfallway.—Apply J. and 11. BTANEI. Builders, Chester rd., Neston.

VICE Millinery and Fancy Drapery BUSINESS for .111 Disposal, with or without stock ; rent £65 ; finest window in Southport for showing goods; good connection.— Apply MADAME SUTTON, 111 a, kasthank at., Southport.

JORN BROWN, 34, SOUTH JOHN ST. LIVERPOOL. TEL. 179 Y CENTRAL, HAS A VARIETY OF BUSINESSES ON HAND TO SUIT ALL CLASSES OF BUYERS.

MATRlMONY.—ldechanio. 35. 23 weekly, desires corres- pondence with superior Domestic, age and looks immaterial; view early marriage ; genuine.—Partioulars in confidence to Tiiiitaisv, 25, East It., Yiralworth, London.

"MATRIMONIAL TIMES," the best and quickest introductrry medium for all desiring a matrimonial alliance ; price Bd.' in sealed envelope.—Address RDITOR Robert Radford, 5, Featherstone Buildings, Holborn, W.

R BBUMATISM CUBED. An eminent Specialist's Pre- seription that has given Immediate relief to all who have tried it ; post free for six penny stamps.--J. HARTIN, 105, Salt et., Bradford.

ADIES or Gentlemen can easily earn good Income by acting hII representative in own district (whole or part time). Genuine offer —Apply GENERAL TEA Co., 12a St. James's Parade, Muswell

3AB. FUR WiCHK easily earned in spare time by tieing klPrivate Xmas Cards Splendid se'ention. Sure to sell. No Hells. Particulars free. —STEWART, 7, Church it., Stanwix, Carlisle. Estab. 27 years.

fIIEBTBLIVIHN with spare time WANTED to Introduce small article of great use And importance to traders. etc , big commiselon. For particulars write H.1C.8., 3. Warwick square, London. B.C.

OLD GOLD, Platinum, Dental-Alloy, or Disused Artificial Teeth bought; good prices given ; money sent by return post ; if price not accepted. returned.—G. VERNON, 62, Bast Parade, Harrogate. Established 40 years.

ADOPTION. —H03.111 WANTED for bonny BABY GIRL few weeks old, and for BOY, two years old; no premium nor payment ; references exchanged ; complete surrender.—Wnisiikw, Orphanage. Arnstee, Carnforth.

-fcr 111WSAGIHNTti, Stationers, &c., wanted to sell our 11 Private Xmas. Cards. Magnificent Sample Book now ready, free of charge. 100 designs. Highest commission given. Write at once.—Com.teoN & Co., Christmas Card Publishers. Church, Lancashire,

A GRNTS.—Liverpool Victoria Friendly Society.— ..a WANTRD,whoIe or spare time Agents,town or country, good terms; also £3 book for disposal in Warrington.—Apply VICTORIA CHAMBERS, Bridge at.. Warrington ; 36, Lowlands rd., Runcorn; and 15, 'lipping at., Altrincnam.

ON SALB, good strong COBB PIGS. direct from the farms in Essex ; 255. to 30s each and upwards ; carriage paid on four Cash.—Apply JOSEPH LEicar (National Telephone 193), Scholeses Nurseries, Elton, Bury.

JjORJBS safely cured of Worms by Tikwaites New Herbal _Li_ Remedy ; 6d. per packet, free by post, 7 penny stamps. Directions with each picket ; no trouble. Horses eat it freely. G. iHWAITES. Herbalist, Stockton-on-Tees.

ON SALE, SPRING LURRY, 121- cwt., newly done up, equal to new ; also Trap Spring Cart, Box Carr, all in first-class condition. Apply MARSDF2f, Wheelwright, Tottington, Bury.

rliVO-WHISELED DOCK:ART rubber tyres, walnut body _1 by Julian; e our-wheeled Stanhope,rubber tyres,bv Wind- over; mats, lamps and cushions with each.—Apply JOHN STONES, Shinall Mille. Bolton.

C 01,89.-5,000 guaranteed Machines, B.S.A. and Radle's new and second-hand from 255. ; accessories half-price. Send for 80-page Catalogue free ; wholesale prices ; eye- opener to ail; 50 per cent cheaper than others. Agents Wanted.—WAßßlLow Co., Weston—super-Mare. 0,000 FRIM WHEELS,Iin.& fin pitch,ls. 11d. each; 500 new saddles, best leather, 2s. 6d. each ; 1,000 silver-plated handle-bars, 2s. 6d. each ; chains, bells, spanners, bags, lamps, prices right. Write for 80 pao wholesale list, free.— WARRILOW & Co., Weston-suo.r-Mare.

1A-12-h p. Daimler Car, two cylinders, £35; 6-h.p Twin Rex-Botor Cycle, new, £25 ; Bradbury 2} ditto, as new,£ls ;Minerva 31 with tomcar and free engine kl 9 ; Twin Rex, 5-6, with sidecar, new £39 ; Motor Cycles, Forecars, and Sidecars for htre from 7s. per day.—NOBMINGTON, St. James's-place, Liverpool. Tel. 756 Y Royal.

CYCLEI (bargain, marvellous sited fice).—Gent's New Cycle, not used a dozen times, highest grade, best pneumatic tyres and tubes, two rim brakes, inverted levers, latest 1905 machine; beautifully plated, enamelled and gold lined, plated rims, enamelled centres ; ball free wheel; magnificent machine; cash urgently wanted ; 21 10s.; complete, with plated gas lamp. bell, bag, pump, /tl.; approval before cash sent. —M. HOUSE, Elton, Ashoombe Park rd„ Weston-super-Hare.

ipmg nisposAL, a Bargain, Gent's Coventry ball free J 2 wheel CYCLE ; not soiled new at Xmas, silver plated rims, all parts beautifully plated on Copper, rim brake, new and up to date, not ridden more than 20 miles, beat pneu- matic tyres and tubes never punctured, guaranteed all new, complete with plated gas lamp, bell, bag, pump spanner and oiler, also enamelled dud Guards, cash urgently wanted £3 128. 64. approval willingly. T. HIPIELND, Chargrove Rouse, Ashoombe-road, Weston-Super-Mare. flYOLß.—Marvellous bargain ever oNered ; no use to N... 1 owner; Coventry high-class Machines ; New Departure coasting hub, free wheel, and back-pedalling brake, front rim brake, Clincher A Won tyres; machine not soiled, and not used 12 times ; all sccessorleB ; cash urgently required ; £4 lbs. 64. ; worth double; will lend on approval before Cash received ; genuine.—Apply to G. BtaCKNIORE, B,ozford st.. Weston-super-Mare.

STRRR & CO., 166, LONDON RD., LIVERPOOL Li have the following first-class Secondhand CARRIAGES FOR SALE at reasonable prices .- 4 Landaus (two with rubber tyres). 4 Victoria' (one double victoria). 2 Large Waggonettes, carrying 12 and 14 person'. 5 Broughams, in capital order. 1 Ralli Car, suit 15 to 16 hands. 1 Pony Governess Cart, suit 12 hands. 6 New Governess Carts, various from £15.• Full particulars on application to 166, London rd., Liver- pool. Telephone 2114 Royal. CYCLISTS READ THIS I THE " HALFORD " GRNTS' CYCLE, ROADSTER OR ROAD RACER. £3 198. G. CASH DOWN. Exactly the same as offered by others at £lO 10. Fitted with everything of the beet Quality as follows :—Frame, best selected Weldless Steel Tubes through- out • Wheels 281 n., Westwood Plated Rime* ; Cranks, Specially toughened Steel; Handlebars, any shape; Seat Pin, Forward Pattern; Pedals, Rat Trap or Rubber ; Chain, en Roller ; Tyres. the Renshaw," guaranteed Vulcanised; Free Wheel, The Wolselev ball bearing: back and front inverted or roller lever rim Brakes ; Mudguards, best steel; Forks, box crown ; all Hubs, Spindles, Cones, &0.. are made I from the best "elected Bar Steel, guaranteed for 12 months ; Enamelled Black, three coats ; all parts heaYily plated on copper, English made throughout. One Price Only, £4 191. Bd. Roadster or Road Racer. One Quality Only. the Best. ORDBR3 MUST BE BOOKED AT ONCE. Machines will be delivered in rotation. Write to-day for particulars of this exceptional offer. Crated and packed free of charge to any address in the United Kingdom. We Supply Cycles and Cycle Accessories direct from the Factory to the Rider. ONLY ADDRESS : HALF() RD CYCLE CO., 61, RRNSHAW STREET. LIVERPOOL.

" E NERGINE" TilF 11 RW MOTOR SPIRIT GIVES INCREASED POWER AND SPEED, WILL NOT CARBONIZE YOUR SPARKING PLUGS, All a GIVES NO ODOUR PROM Vi EXHAUST.I/43 RNERGIEE " WILL REDUCE YOUR PETROL BILLS. IT GAN Pi,OM 50 TO 80 PER CENT. FURTHER THAN OTHER PRTROLS. GM IT A TRIAL. " ENERGIE& " IS FREE FRO! ACID. SOLE AGRNIS T " E NERGINE " (British Agency) Co., 19, SWEATING STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SUITHRERS from Eczema, Sores, Swellings, Stiffness Kidney Trouble, Stc. Cure yonrselves. Drop postcard for how. Splendid for horses.—CHARLES HARVEY, Salisbury. - T ADIFIS' Magical Complexion Bloom acts quickly and I_l gives that healthy colour so much admired. Sent on receipt of postal order for 2s. 6(I.—MADINI KEI/31ARA:, 5, Fleet at., Liverpool.

SKIN.—We don't doctor,we cure Eczema, Lupus, External Cancer, with Duspotum Ointment. 2e, 93. box, or by epecial treatment terms. Genuine testimonials, not fakes. —alvlkti, Ness, Neston, Chester.

CIENTLEMAN, 30, tall, dark, refined. amiable disposition, LT desires correspond suitable lady, same qualibles, view marriage.—Full particulars, with photo it possible, to J. C,, Elm Villa, Bitterne Park, Southampton.

ELASTIC STOCKINGS, 2e. each. post free ; forms free ; Waterproofs to measure at wholesale prices, made on the premises; thorough and reliable workmanship guaranteed HoGnks AND SONS, 23, Sobool lane. Liverpool.

QTISHILIi MAI:MI/WE : Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. A new edition just publishei. Post free 3s, 93, London SHELLEY AND Uo., LTD.. 38, Graceehurob it.

AN BFFROTIVN RNMRDY.—The " Weston " formula for ailments of stomach, liver and kidneys, constipation, biliousness, Etc, ; large box, suffialent for 14 days treatment. 2s 6d post free.—P.J.WEerom, 12 Theobahls rd.,London,w.o,

UOOTACHES ODIUM. All sorts of tired, swollen, and painful feet radically cured In a short time by using Dr. Matthews foot powder, lame packet Is. led, of sole proprietors. Dr. MATTHEWS Co., 45. Mill Hill rd. Acton, Vi 7

UICZEMA ' DR. WILSON'S RCZICAIA. CURB" gives .12.1 immediate relief and speedily cures torturous skin diseases, ulcerated sores. Jars ls. Id, treble 2s. 9d.— Principal chemists or DR WILSONS AGENCY. 20 Fordham. Liverpool.

r ANCASTER COLLEGE, MORECAMBE.—A Pint-class Boarding School for Boye.-3. W.I:IaRBHALL, Ph.D., a.Sc., Principal.

THE LINCOLNSHIR RESIDKNTIAL SCHOOL & of Cookery and Household Sciences. Girls trained as Lady Cooks or Helps; hapoy borne; careful training.— Apply to the Principal, who holds a full Teacher's Diploma, Miss BVERARD, Park House," Louth, Lincolnshire. SOUT.E3PORT MODERN. SCHOOL.—A. FIRST- CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYd. Healthy locality. Splendid new buildings. Large staff, Including 8.A.. B.Sc., etc. Excellent results. Recent distinctions In languages and science. Head Master : J. C. Underwood, A.C.P., F.R.G.S. (Reg.)

IVIRE 14' lEL U, NEWTON-L T-W ILLOWS:I— and DAY SUHOOL FOR GIRLS; Boys received up to ten years of age; School re-pens Tuesday, September 18th ; Principals at home on Monday, September 17th. A full tern's [intim required before toe removal of a pupil.—Princioals Miss G. HARTLEY and Mies M. L. PECK.

(IN • THR COTSWOLD HILLS.—The Neriands (late the 1 Old Victrage) Palnswich, Gloucestershire. LADY STUDHNTS in GARDIiNING taken. Landscape, Market. andiPrivate, Decoration and Florist Work. Write for pros- pectus. Next term commences Oct. I,st.—Principti, J. RUSSELL, Landscape Gardener and Florist.

NTEW LAN IYS LUG H. SCHOOL, Roon Moor II (Easy distance of Nlanchester).—Very successful Boarding School for girls ; nine resident and visiting Briglish and foreign teachers ; lint assistant 13 A. ; many successes in public exams ; next term September 2 Ah. rrincipal, Mrs. BLACIC:dAN. Iliustrated proapectus. Vacancy for two boarders at 10 guineas Fer term. -; THE HIGH SCHOOL, gTOUK CO !,1 LO nG it; Stockton Heath, Warrington. —Day and Boarding +School for Dirls' Kindergarten. Preparatory School to Hoye. PRINCIPA.IO„ '1145 NII•JSiii PAWING-TON (late of 23, Wilson Patten itreet.t. Proapectusett. 13., on application. SIXTY-SIX t.t UOC Ni 2i Y4A113. NO PAIL URY....3. The next term will commence (tt.V.) on .rondny sent. 17th

R. 14:IM1:ST W1.1.1i&t44, Profes9or of mosse,orgardia f%nd .thoirmaster or St. Paul's Church PIANO, ORGAN, TriliOnY, HARMONY, COUNTHR- POINT. MUSICA.L FOOS. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prises gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' prectioe.—For terms apply 134. LOVELY-LAs,s and Legb Street, Warrington.

m A NritCElll4 SoT. EA,DR S‘3SI{BA‘r:IIMRA.TRERMS,:aIOOI.4 THE NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, SEP. 19rw. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, LIONDAY, SEPTEMBER 17111 kr 9 Prospectuses, Forms Of Application Ac„ may be bad at the school. The boarding houre in connection with the school is situated at Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX. Receiver.

‘,V- Aft it INGT N uttANIDIAtt SCHOOL.— THE NEXT THEM will begin on THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 13TN. •!;=l.l ,Z2,4010,.4 Tho Headmaster will be at the Scholl to interview parents on Wednesday, Sept.ember 12th, from 11 to 1 and 3 to 6. NEW PHYSICS AND CHEMICAL; LAI3OkITORIES. WORKSHOP, LECTURE ROOMS, ;tc. Precaratory Form for lioyelfrom 8 to 14 years ot PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLIC&TION,

OKERRI 'S COLLEGE, "1 BOLD STRETI LIVERPOOL GIVES the BEST TUITION for CIVIL SERVICE,. UNIVERSITY, PROFESSIONAL, and TRACHERe' EXAMINATIONS, and the MOST PRAOTIDAL TRAINING for COMMERCIAL LIFE. EACH DEPARTMENT Is manned by a highly organised and experienced Staff, under the direction of gentlemen of the highest scholastic attainments, and of proved teaching skill. THE CIVIL SERVICE DEPARTMENT Enables young Leople to enter upon the most attractive career at present open to those who are well educated—the Public Service It pares boys and young men between 14 and 22. and girls and young ladies between 14 and 20 years of age. fur tho Open Competitive Examinations by which the various Government situations are secured. THE PROFESSIONAL DEPARTMENT Opens up careers directly dependent on educa- tion, by enabling students, in the shortest time possible, to pass the Medical, Arts, Science, Pharmaceutical, Dental, Law, Accountants', Architects', and Bankers' Preliminary Examina- tions. THE TEACHERS' DEPARTMENT Enables those entering the Educational Pro- fession to pass the King's Scholarship liaamina- don, and thus to obtain a Normal School training, which is the passport to all the higher posts in the profession ; it also alights those who have already passed the King's Scholarship Examillation to obtain the Teachers' Certificate without which no advancement is possible. THE COMMERCIAL DEPARTMENT Sett the aspirant in business life on the road to success, by giving the moat efficient Training in all the subjects necessary for a business career. Shorthand, Typewriting, Book-keeping, Hand- writing, Commercial Correspondence and Commercial Arithmetic are thoroughly, skilfully and practically taught. Students, on completing OA, course of study, receive appointments In good offices. EACH DEPARTMENT Gives Day, Tivening,and Correspondence Tuition so that every one has the chance to benefit by the carefully planned schemes of work. LAST YEAR THE SUGuESSES OF THE COLLEGE NUMBERED 1606, A FULL PROSPECTUS IS PUBLISHED FOR EACH DEPARTHRNr, Abu) MAY BE HAD POST TREE.

2ND EDITION NOW READY ORDER AT ONCE.

THE WARRINGTON. FOOTBALL ANNUAL AND SPORTS RECORD

Oraininer *tries OF WERK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES : THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHEKIIRE EX %MINER J_ published every Friday afternoon. Ph, princips and the Oldest Weekly Ptper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Patigate, Lyrnm, !cc.. being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca• shire and Cheshire. The district covert) I by this Paper com• prise. a large trading and agricultural tract in south Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. riitul RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Friday 1 Afternoon. It is the best weekly paper in the TOira and District, and offers the best and cheapest taoilities to Advertisers. rpma WIDNES EXAMINER. published every Friday ▪ afternoon. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of an,/ town In the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. rfaHR RAILESTOWN AND NEWTON ENAMINBIL • publithed every Friday afternoon. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydock Lowton &a The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire emit- fields. riltix ST. HELENS EXAMINtstt, published every 1 Friday afterno ,n, circulating in St. Helens, Prescot, Parr. Sutton. Peasiev Cross, Ac.—the centre of the Glass, Chemical ,:nd Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTISESIENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APAIVIMUNTS To LET. HOUCHS TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS: ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Thirteen. Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 64. Is. 3d. ... Es. Od. 36. 90. 27 ... Os. ... Is. 104. ... 3s. Od 51. Od. 36 ... ls. Od. ... Is. 64. ... 4s. Od. 61. Cd. 45 ... Is. 3d. 3e. ld. ss. Od. ... 7s. Cd. 54 ... le. 54. 3s. Bd. 61. Od. 10s. Od.

VAUXHALL GARAGE, LIVERPOOL (wHIPPLIt CO.) 32 TO 36 VAUXHALL ROAD. EXPERT EX.ANIINATIONS AND REPAIRS. SUPPLINS AND ALL ACCESSORINS. Talents:nu, 6121. Telegrams :—" Whipple," Liverrmol.

WEAK LUNGS. WARRINGTON An Unsuspected Evil developed Notice. with alarming rapidity. The Warrington " Examiner " is now published on Prostrated ; Reeked with Pain. Friday afternoon, price one penny, and is on sale at the various newsagents at about 4 o'cLock. Should Young Man's Co/false* cured by any difficulty be experienced in getting the paper the Bit WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. proprietors will undertake to deliver a copy at any 4 I had never suspected that my lungs were not strong noon without extra char. Address all communica, address in Warrington by 5 o'clock on Friday after- so, when I first felt a sharp pain in my side, a kind of t• ge stitch, I took little notice, thinking it would quickly MILS to" Examiner Office," Bewsey-street Warrington vanish." But Mr. Albert Morris, who resides at 3, Ledbury-mews North, Ledbury-road, Bayswater, W. Local Cyclist's Success. At the Salford Harriers' Sports on Saturday C. Berry, of Warrington, has good reason to remember those warnings 0 approaching lung troubles. "With this acute pain," he continued, "I felt breath- ngton won the second prize in the half-mile bicycle race 'off the 25 yards mark. In the less and dreadfully worn out during the day; yet a long scratch race for the same distance Berry sesured the night's sleep did not refresh me; and when the pain fourth prize. became worse a doctor was called in. By this time I could breathe only with difficulty, and work was two Accident on a Flat. much for me: at last I had to take to my bed. Then William Fay, of Earle-street, Warrington, who is the doctor told me that pleurisy had developed, I was in the service of the Manchester and Liverpool Trans. racked with pain, and as I lay in bed, scarcely able to port Company, fell; on Tuesday, into the hold of a flat turn, parched, and living on morsels of nourishment, it on which he was working in the Liverpool docks and seemed that I was doomed to sugar without hope of broke his thigh. relief. "My mother urged me to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER for Pale People, for they had cured her of along-stand- t THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. Mg complaint. So I yielded to her advice and took Fall from a Trolley Standard. the pills; in a short time a slight improvement was ,On Tuesday afternoon Harry Littler (20), living at noticeable. The pains were not so acute, and I seemed, to have gained strength. The dull heavy feeling or 22, Leonard-street, and employed by Messrs. Allen weakness began to leave me, and as I continued Dr. and Son, Mersey-street, was engaged in painting the Williams' Pink Pills, my health gradually improved and top of a trolley standard in Bridge-street when he the pains vanished. Before long I was about again, lost his balance and fell to the ground. He was On. WILLIA kr quite cured, and I returned to my work after several removed to the Infirmary, where it was found that he weeks absence,a hale,healthy was suffering from shock and an injury to one of his ' PINK man. Dr. Williams' Pink ankles. Pills had put me on soy legs. • " Judge Bowen Rowland's Successor. I have never had a return If the predictions of the legal friends of Mr. Ellis Plus. of lung troubles, and lam in better health now than I onesGriffiths, .. J M P for Anglesey, are correct, it have ever been before. lam not afraid of a breakdown would appear that he is to shortly obtain a County now that I know what Dr. Williams' Pink Pills will Court judgeship. The vacancy for which he in do." mentioned is that caused by the deathsof Mr. Bowen Mrs. Morris added her own experience : Rowlands, K.C. Should the prediction be correct "For six years," she said, " I had not been free from there will be a Parliamentary vacancy in Anglesey. indigestion. It was like a shadow over my life. I had constant headaches with dreadful pains in the stomach, Motor Dust. though I didn't eat enough to keep .a sparrow alive. I Urged by the farming members, whose crops are grew pale and thin and weak; sometimes I could suffering from motor dust, the Bucklow Rural District scarcely get my breath. Council have sounded the rural and urban authorities "When I took Dr. Williams' Pink Pills the head- aches vanished, the pains lessened, and with are', boxes in Cheshire as to the desirability of holding a coafer- I was quite cured of indigestion." ence with a view to making representations to Parlia- By making rich, good blood with every dose—that is ment to go beyond the recommendations of the Royal how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills fpr Pale People achieve so Commission on Motor cars The County Council are many remarkable cures, includine Anomie., Indigestion, in sympathy with the proposal which is fixed for General Weakness, Nervous Disorders, Headaches, October 13, and are to send two representatives to it, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Sciatica St. all dealers, but St. Vitus' Dance, ' ss in addition to permitting the use of a room in Chester Paralysis, and women's ills. O ueette. remember that common pills merely coloured pink will never cure you. If in doubt, send 2s. 9d. for one box, A Warrington Man in Trouble. or 13s. 9d. for six, to the British Depot, 46, Holbome- A young man, who gave his name as William Kelly, viaduct, London.. of Warrington, was charged at the Ormskirk Police Court, on Monday with being drunk and riotous, and further with assaulting Nicholas Dunk, licensee of the Dray and Horses Inn, Ormskirk. The evidence showed that on Saturday afternoon prisoner, who was drunk, went into the public-house and was refused drink. He declined to leave, and on the landlord ejecting him he struck him on the forehead. He afterwards left, and Mr. Dunk complained to the police, and assisted Police-Constable Scragg to convey him to the police station from another part of the town. Kelly was fined 7s. 6d. and costs, or 14 days, for being drunk and riotous' and was sent to gaol for a month with hard labour for the assault, the sentences to run con- secutively, • Foresters' Picnic to Belle Vue. The annual trip to Belle Vne in connection with the Warrington district of the Ancient Order of Foresters took place on Saturday when nearly 200 members enjoyed themselves in the gardens, in the best of weather. The members had tea provided in a separate room, and were joined there by H.C.T, Bro. Hulse, Chester, also D.C.R. and D.S. Bros. Daulby and Farrow, of Manchester. All the chief officials from Warrington were present, including D.C.R. Bro. Peacock, D.S. Bro. Davies, P.D.C.R's. Bros. G. Maybury, Hipkiss, Chrimes, Hill and Hankinson, also trustees Bros. Smith, Walsh and James. After tea a few remarks were made by the visitors Bros. Hulse Farrow and Daulby, and they were thanked by Bro. Peacock. The fireworks display was much appreciated, and afterwards the members returned by special train arriving at Warrington at 10-40 p.m. A New Warrington Company. We learn that Mersey-street tannery (for many years carried on by Messrs. I. and J. Tinsley) but which has been shut down for about twelve months, is shortly to be in full swing once more. The concern has been acquired by a new company, registered this week as the Warrington Tanning Co., Ltd.' with a capital ofchairmanl3o,ooo. Mr. James Dodds is chairman of directors, Mr. Aaron Appleton (Litherland) managing director, and Mr. John Hankinson, secretary. ,The statutory seven subscribers to the company are : —Mr. James Dodds, Mr, Wm. Walker (Whitehaven), Mr. R. H. Posnett (Runcorn), Mr. Aaron Appleton, Mrs. Appleton, Mr. John Hankinson, and Mr, Charles E. Parker. Operations will be commenced immediately, and the tannery, which is one of the largest in the district, should cause an improvement in the local labour market. We hope the new venture will turn out a success, and thus strengthen Warrington's already powerful position in the leather trade. 3, R. WOOD, Piano Dealer and Tuner, 47, Old London-road., Stockton Heath.—Advt. Through Mid-Cheshire by Motor. The beautiful scenery and fine roads of Cheshire are famed everywhere, and it is not surprising that motoring in the county is so popular. Ott Monday afternoon a party of Warrington journalists enjoyed a trip through some of the most charming spots in Cheshire, a handsomely-appointed motor waggonette being placed at their disposal by the Warrington Motor Carriage Co., Ltd. Leaving the town via Wilderspool the Tarporley main road through Dela- mere Forest, with its rich foliage and heather and bracken, was first taken. The Manchester to Chester main road was crossed, and a few miles further on, the party turned down the pretty highway to Winsford. The pleasant village of Over, with its picturesquely-situated church, was the next place of interest and afterwards Winsford and Middlewich— typical Cheshire salt towns—were passed in quick succession. The ancient town of Sandbath was reached in good time and here tea was served. The visitors viewed the famous crosses and also ascended the tower of the old Parish Church from which a splendid view was obtained. Continuing the journey, Crewe was visited and then the route was taken for Holmes Chapel and Knutsford. After an exhilarating spin along the Knutsford-road, the party arrived at Warrington about ten o'clock, the outing being voted a complete success. The motor waggon- ette, which seemed to be regarded as a novelty throughout the district which it traversed, ran most satisfactorily. •Linws MOWERS, Garden Tools, &c. Splendid selection.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-st.—Advt. Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd. In their report to be presented at the thirty-third annual meeting of the shareholders of this company on September 27th, the directors state :—The profits for the year ending June 30th, 1906, amount to £62,866 15s, 8d.., and the balance brought forward from last year is £B,OBl lie. 4d., together 5:10,948 7s. An interim dividend at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum on the preference shares and 4 per cent. on the ordinary shares was paid in March last fcr the half-year ending December 31st, 1905, amounting to £19,325. The directors now recommend that for the past half-year a dividend at the rate per annum of 6 per cent, on the preference shares and 6 per cent. on the ordinary shares be declared, making a total dis- tribution for the year of 144,760. The directors further recommend that £lO,OOO be added to the reserve fund, that the sum of £6,874 19s. 4d., which represents the expenditure on capital account for the year, be written off, and that the balance of £9,323 7s. Bd. be carried forward. During the past year the output of the collieries has been well maintained, but prices have continued to rule on a very low basis. In the iron and stenl trades the works have been fully employed, and a higher range of prices has been established. A rise in wages and raw material has, however, fully counterbalanced this advantage. The engineering trade has been busy in all departments, and the orders and contracts on hand hold out a prospect of full work for some timef to come. Important additions and developments have taken place in this branch of the Company's business. Mr. Beck, the senior member of the Board, has decided to retire, on account of advancing years, and the directors in communicating his decision to the share- holders wish to put on record their high appreciation of the valuable services he has rendered to the Com- pany ever since its formation, as well as the great personal esteem in which he is held by them all. In compliance with the Articles of Association,Mr.W.Peter Rylands retires from the Board, and is eligible for re-election. The auditors Messrs. Blease and Sons, also retire, and are eligible for re-election.

Supposed Ineendiarism at Thelwall. At about eight o'clock on Monday morning, the Warrington Fire Brigade was summoned to a fire which had broken out on the farm premises of Mr. E. W. Reynolds, Massey Hall, Thelwall. A contingent of firemen, in charge of Deputy Superintendent Turner, with the manual engine and other applicances at once proceeded there, and found a stack of hay on fire. A plentiful supply of water was obtained from the mains in the roadway, and the men got to work and pre- vented the fire spreading to the adjoining stacks, and afterwards were engaged in cutting away and turning over the smouldering debris. The damage is estimated at £7O and is covered by insurance. The fire is supposed to be the work of an incendiary.

• ` •• An excellent flood, admirably adapted to the wants of infanta and young persons." —Silt CHARLES A. CAMERON, C. 8.. M.D. Professor of Chemistry, R.C.5.1., Medical Officer of Health for Dublin, st, PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO H.I.M. THE EMPP,ESS OF RUSSIA. ximer •r,o. -

HEADACHE FAIRY Y CURE Attacking THE ACTS SEAT LIKE OF THE MAGIC PAIN. It cures when all else fails. Safe and sure. Perfectly harmless. 7d. & 1/- per box, Post Free 8 or 13 stamps from Fairy Medicine, Co., Norwich. •

• 44d T 4-• '4:7; 0, - lOW _ HOW TO 8 MAKE GAIIONS PRIME BEER (on-intoxicating) IN YOUR HOME. MASON'S EXTRACT ... XO 0 5 Sugar ... ••• ••• 0 0 91. Yeast or Berm 0 0 14 8 ... 0 I 4 43 00 2 = 2d. PER GALLON. Opinion:Public GOOD! IT'S MASON'S. No other Extractmakes Beer like it. Send 8 Stimps for Sample Bottle, or Postcard for address of nearest Agent. A small Pamphlet, "Hints on Brewing," sent post free on receipt of Id. Stamp. AGENTS WANTED. NEWBALL & MASON, Nottingham.

SECOND DIVISION. FOOTBALL. lAtchford Crescent Oughtrington Park Reserve 1 1 0 0 2 0 2 St. Barnabas 1 1 0 0 3 1 2 ...... Widnes St. Paul's Ar.... 1 ...--- Warrington St. Elphin's B U cEzd;l.flE Y St. Warrington St. Paul's • ...... ....... -‘` Halton A.F.O e , Warrington Albions Res 1 0 0 1 2 2 1 't I, Iry DEMON DRIVERS ffy,.., Penketh ....&‘:.16 ARE our AND OUT.THE BEST. 13,./ 0 Castner Kellner Reserve . '•••• OTHER GRADES 74 6, St-4'6- 443'6- 3 r."241-.24 Daresbury 1 0 1 0 0 . 6 0 lAl..2cu -R Appac,!i • • Orford A.F.C. • - ~. -" o,r Rylands Reserve 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Christ Church Reserve Sankey St. Mary's ' 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ' Results for September Bth. , FIRST DIVISION. Thelwall 2, Halton Villa 1. Albibns 1, Palatine 0. Orford Barracks 0, Christ Church 0. Golborne 0, Rylands 3. Matches for September 15th. FIRST DIVISION. Onghtrington Park v. Halton Villa, referee,C.T. Cos. Christ Church v. Castner Kellner, referee, T. Worrell. Albions v. Thelwall, referee' J. Mather. Rylands v. Orford Barracks, referee, J. Lloyd. Palatine v. Golborne, referee, J. R. Davies. ‘ SECOND DIVISION. Widnes St. Paul's v. Orford, referee, F. Clegg. St. Barnabas Reserves v. St. Elphins, referee, S. G. Platt. Daresbury v. Latchford Crescent, referee, T. Pitt. Castner Res v. Christ Church Res, referee, J. Dutton. Warrington St. Paul's v. Rylands Res, referee, L. Jones. Penketh v. Halton, referee, W. Nicholson. Sankey St. Mary's v. Oughtrington Park Res, referee, J. A. Pendry.

CRICKET. _- WERRETH V. WARRINGTON.—The concluding match of the season took place at Werneth on Saturday. I Score :- 1 WARRINGTON. WERNETII, 1 .1. Callon b Lynes ‘ 9 W. Chadwick not out 47 1W Richardson st Warriner C. S. Whitehead b ; 1 b Chadwick W. H. Podmore c Lynes A. Cummings b Pod- 1 b Marjorison IT. Wright c Lynes b E. Shepherd c Duck- Shepherd 'W. V. Turton 43 and b Lynes not out 4 Chadwick Creswell c Mellor b Chadwick J. Thompson b Lynes 2B H. Dolan et Warriner b Claddise 2l A. Duckworth lbw b ' Lynes lB . W. Bennett not out R. Waywell c Lowe b Lynes 1 Extras - 16 Total 203 Total (for 3 wkts.) 112 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. ..AV ERN EYE. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. Lynes Marjorison... 7 0 29 1 W. Bennett 7 1 24 0 Chadwick ... 10 1 51 3 W.H.Podmore 12 242 3 Shepherd ... 11 2 49 1 R. Waywell Bl 21 0 Claddise 5 0 31 1 WARRINGTON 2ND Y. WERNETH 25D.—The Warring- tonians had only a moderate eleven to meet Werneth at Arpley on Saturday and the result was that the home side incurred their only defeat on their own ground this season. Score :- 1 WARRINGTON. WERNETH. 'R. Pierpoint b Turner ... 1 J.H.Collison b Plinston 25 T. Houghton c Birch b J. Cummings b E. Pier- Prestwich 9 point S. Baxter b Turner ...... 0 W. L. Parkin b Baxter 46 E. E.Woods b Prestwich 7 P. Birch c Cook bE. N. Cook lbw b Turner... 2 Pierpoint E. Pierpoint run out ...... 19 A.Taylor b E.Pierpoint 0 Sergt. Knight not out ... 32 P. R. Haggs lbw bE. D. Plinston run out 4 Pierpoint G. Shaw o& b Butler ... 5 J. Prestwich c Plinston W. Ashton b butler Parr b Butler G. IT. Clough run out... 12 , A. Dobson not out 7 A. Turner b Woods 3 Extras Total 92 Total 145 PENKETH V. STROLLING PLAYERS.—PIayed at Penketh Score : STROLLING PLAYERS. PENKETH. C. Hanson lbw b Shoo- F. Ward b Ashall 4 bridge G. A. Brooking b Shoo- H. Davies b Unsworth 10 bridge W. Ashall lbw b Ward 1 T.Shoobridge b Brook- A. C. Unsworth b Shoo- jug bridge Griffith Owen b Foster 33 F. Davies b Ashall o S. L. Williams cDumbill F. Ireland b Ashall b Shoobridge TG.RoddickbShoobridge 1 Hodgkinson b Ashall 0 P. I. Williams b Ward... 5 Boardman not out 6 H. J. Lister b Foster ... 29 J. R. Carruthers bFoster 10 R. Sharp not out .. ...... 4 Extras Total ii. BOWLING. --- WORKS ASSOCIATION FINAL. ' The final for the Works Association Competition was decided on Saturday. There was a large gathering of enthusiats to witness the contest, which proved highly interesting. Score RIM ANDS'. FLETCHER'S J. Wood J. Shaw l5 E. Shaw - ll F. Mellor l5 E. Bailey W. Roughley A. Shaw W. Daniels G. Monks 7 H. Daintith l5 G. Shaw G. Holbrook J. Wells 9 J. W. Evans l5 R. Knight l4 J. Noden T. Humplit'reys l5 T. Richardson l3 Total 161 Total l4O 'Majority for Rylands' No. 1, 24 points. Captain Crosfield afterwards presented the cup and gold medals to the winning team, and gold-centred medals to the runners-up. CONSOLATION. • SEMI-YINAL. WHITECP.OSS (NO. 1). RYLANDS (NO, 2.) A. Weave l5 C. Holden 3 P. Ellison l5 S. Sheldon T. Gleave l5 J. Pendlebury J. Massey l5 W. Berry W. Jones l5 .J. Whittaker l2 J. Gleave l5 R. Smith 90 43 LONGFORD WIRE. OR EOM`, . J. Bartley J. Sudlow l5 J. Skelhorn W. Simister. . l5 Sr. Cunningham E. Clare A. Scott S. Radcliffe l3 R. Richards 75 68 FINAL. WHITECROSS. LONGFORD. J. Gleave l5 J. Bartley 7 W. Jones l5 J. Sudlow ll T. Ellison T. Gleave l5 E. Clare 6 A. Gleave l5 A. Scott J. Massey l5 S. Radcliffe 7 _ 90 52 CONSERVATIVE MAIN.—The concluding stages of the main promoted by Mr. J. Vells were played off on Saturday, any resulted as follows : FOURTH ROUND. , T. Tnrner ll G. Anderton 8 S. Grant T. Coombs F. Kerfoot R. Straw H. P. Turner FIFTH ROUND, 11. P. Turner R. Straw F. lierfuot SEMI-FINAL. F. Km foot • 11 R. Straw H. P. Turner, 03. FINAL. i IT. P. Turner

Goddardst Plate' Powder Tr neanin.gSilverElectroPiate.Se ,old everywhere lb 2/o a 4/o,

,0 BENSON'S RINGS 19Q0 Stk Largest Stock. Best Quality. Lowest Prices, El to £5OO dillllliO crcilithalialikiktk Brilliants, Pearls, Rubies, Itit›VrverSl' Emeralds, &c., &c. e;;;;;;et --: . ,q. '`P.' .','" CAN BE PURCHASED BY Opals and Rubies. or Sapphires Brilliant, Rubies or 4, g Brilliants, £6. and Brilliants, £2O. Sapphires, g,2 15s. !It elllttS MONTHLY P. t . PAYMENT Brilliants, £l2. Brilliants, £8 10s. Brilliants, £lO 10s. SYSTEM. , .--, .1.,. BENSON'S do not charge . , extra for buying this way. Pearls, Emeralds and Brilliants, £4 4s. No 1, of Watches 4 V. 58, Brilliants, £8 Bs. au.ea i n .pu ~,.„tU Chains and Jewellery. No 2, of Clocks, .Im- -62 & 641 LUDGATE HILL, E.C. BOOKS perial Plate:. & Barre. FREE. Allic'elessiror°fpross'elg..r

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE. OF 0 GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES ! ! 59, Mount-street, Northwood, "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " Hanley, Staffs, Mona Cottages, Jan. 6th, 1905. Coalville, Leicestershire, Dear Sir,—My wife suffered from Rheumatism for a June 4th, 1904. long time, and could get no relief. She was a patient Dear Sir,—l thank you for the good I have received at the North Staffordshire Infirmary, but got worse,and I from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two could not walk without crutches. I heard about your months ago and tried almost everything, but got no Pills from a friend, and bought a small bottle. AFTER better. I tried your Pills and am gad to say that THE SECOND DOSE SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES, and AFTER TAKING THENI FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CURED was completely cured in a week. After spending pounds I was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs your pills cured her at a cost of 2s. 3d. I shall recom- Being a miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks mend your pills to everyone I know, and you can make to your Pills I have never felt the least pain since. I the best use of this as a testimonial if it pleases you to recommend them to everybody myself. do so.. Yours truly, Yours gratefully, GEORGE WRIGHT. JAMES WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE', GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate 'I Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurions matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, Is. 10. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Gowen road London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT 8c RHEUMATIC PILLS

Do You Know that more than half the sickness in the wor.d, especially of women, is caused by constipation? It can be prevented if BEECHAM'S PILLS are taken whenever nature calls for assistance. Comfort and happiness follow the use of BEECHAM'S PILLS THE HANDY HOME REMEDY. There's no secret about the value of BEECHAM'S PILLS as a family medicine. Thousands of families always keep a box handy—and it is the first resort in ease of sickness appearing, being the "stitch in time" which prevents further trouble, and possibly serious illness. If you bave not got a box of BEECHAM'S PILLS in the house, get one now, you never know how soon it may be needed. A dose taken when ailments arise will soon right the wrong and restore you to health and vigour. WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. Sold everywhere in boxes, price Ifif, ($6 pills) & 219 (168 pills).

_., f"E 0",. .4),A '4 gip 74 0/.' \ \I f ,fr, to _4;:lbs SUN ....,._ /, i_,,„._____ „..,,.., - FIRE OFFICE THE OLDEST INSURANCE ED - OFFICE IN THE WORLD. FUNDS IN HAND £2,788,638. _For all particulars apply to the following Agents WARRINGTON—Mesers. J. R. Pick mere & SOP, Bridge St Messes. Wood & Son, Commercial Chapati ere 55, Horsemarket street, air. Louis A. Voisey, 21, King street. Its; U. Lowe, 1, Bank street.

AVE TIME. TROUBLE AND MONEY fO rAt gai 'iyot,tcropq! CFE t • OF ALL • GROCERS , • . LARGE ANDSMALL BOTTLES .

Patronized by Royalty. Nobility. &c. ••••••••••/••••••••••. To practise Real Economy FURNIStI AT pITTs,s Who, for a comparative trifle, will make your Home a constant source of pride and pleasure.

A J. H. DOVENER & CO.'S, Ltd. Union Bt. Ou Ns EC DE SACKS Best and Cheapest for POTATOES, CORN, &o.

PITTS'S Paragon Houses of Furniture At 151, 22/, 281, 381, 50. 75, 100, 200, up to 3,000 guineas are simply marvels, patterns of excelling workmanship, things of beauty, thoroughly substantial, therefore actually joys for ever. They certainly are the acme of comfort and good taste, and richly deserve their widespread renown. In fact, no young couple starting housekeeping can reasonably expect to be happy without one. Fall particulars FREE.

Pitts's Furnishing Guide Has been christened by one of its many enthusiastic admirers the THRIFTY MAN'S FRIEND. as it enabled him to furnish throughout for little more than half usual Cost. It contains 800 Artistic Designs priced. GRATIS, Post Free. Cash Quotations only. Easy Payments 10 per cent. extra. London Rd., Manchester. Established 1845. Bankers; Lloyd's.

No Nora Trouble with Dull Razors. THE NEW SWEDISH RAZOR Keeps sharp longer than any other. Never requires grinding. Made on an entirely new principle. Absolutely the finest Shaver in the world. Price in case, Ss., post free. Money returned if not approved. G. F. SMITH 6. SON, Cutlers. Scarborough. .4,b) Established 50 Years,

• . Billheads PORI-TING ilealemds.°s'SNlry. NLN BEST MATERIALS L, SE r, sin Luggage Labels. 41 by aiin.; Envelopes, Ain, by 310.. and 6io, by din. ; Business Cards 3in., by 2i in. All one price. coo, is. 6d. ; 250, as. 9d. 500, 45. ; 1,000, 55. 9d. Business Cards, 4iin. by 3in. ; Post- cards. coo, 25. ; 250, 3s. 6d. ; 500. 55. Carriage paid. Cash with order. Samples, r stamp. Special low rates for contracts or large orders,.—J. W. FIELDHOUSE AND SON. Express Works, 154 Upper Brook st., Manchester.

LOVELY A T oila Table is incomplete without John , A Strange Winter's Prepara- tions for the Hair and Skin. At all Chemists, or direct with full particulars from "John Strange Winter," 14, HA IPt NlNlstd,olnim\l;ington A.ansions, BANKRUPT _...... „., JEWELLERY AT WHOLESALE PRICES!! Guaranteed Solid Gold Signature Ring (not rolled or cased), Govt. Stamped. Heavy looking. 5/• post free. THE ROYAL JEWELLERY CO., 160 W,rtemberg Street, Clapham, London, S.W. THE ULIDIA BOOT 6 SHOE LACE. (Patent Fastenings.) ... t: . It is the neatest, strong- ,. and the best; the easiest to fasten i i,e; .„i :::-.".. • and unfasten; will not est, simplest come undone of itself; '..(' no more broken finger- nails, or ends to drag in the mud ; it requires but i , 744,100 to be seen to be appreci- ated ; trials prove, once worn always worn. Black or Brown, Ladies' or Gents' Three Sample Pairs, Post Free, Sevenpence. UL IDIA LACE CO., Bexhill-on-Sea. VARICOSE VEINS Elastic .‘.. -1 Stockings, ~ a Banedna tigreesl,y&c. 40 superseded. 1,,..•,.:-.:1.,,:....5, ' .. •`..• , ,-, :,•, v.,, , - 1 • LEG . . AMBIENTS ~•- - ~:,)- (Patent). . , Before treatment. After Treatment. Since the invention of the above Patent, Varicose Veins can new be absolutely cured. By the use of Leg Ambients relief and comfort is assured at once; and as each rair is specially made from your own measurement, a 'perfect fit is guaranteed. No elastic whatever is used, so that they cannot become baggy and useless. The pressure is ad- justable. One pair will outlast ten pairs of elastic stockings, and will do more good in a few weeks than an unlimited quantity of elastic articles could possibly do in a lifetime. Price 5/6 each, or 10/8 per pair. .d Chart, dc., for Self-Measurement will be sent on receipt of add rosse,l envelope. AMBIENT CO., 'BB Green Lane, BIRMINGHAM. T 4 '.O HE .r..IX 4MIN MO PRENTING 0 FFICE
