===== 0002601_19061201_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY 130 ROUGH. OF WARRINGTON EDUCATION COMMITTEE. ANNUAL DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES& CERTIFICATES TO STUDENTS AT THE SCHOOL OF ART, SECONDARY SCHOOL AND PUPIL TEACHERS' CLASSES lc TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. AT THB PARR HALL AT 7.30 O'CLOCK ON THURSDAY EVENING. DEC. 13TH,, 1906. BY SIR HENRY F. HIBBERT (chairman of the Lancashire Education Committee CHAIRMAN : MR. ALDERMAN ARTHUR BRNNNTT J.P.. (Chairmen of the Education Committee.) There will be an ORGAN RECITAL from 7 to 725 o'clock by W. H. Payton, Esq., Mu,. Bac ADMISSION FREE. Tickets to he obtained from Education Office: 3. MOORE MURRAY. M.Sc., Warrington. Secretory and Director.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
• lA--AND OTRBR WILL BE

A REPUTATION OF OVIIIi FIFTY YHARS. WITHERINGTON'S COUGH LOZENGES. THE HE9T AND StIREBT REMEDY YOE COUGHS. BOXES 7. AND 18. H. J. AUBREY, OrosnOPT, WORCEBT/Cll.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
F ANS ! FANS! I FANS I! I—A beautiful artistically band-painted Van, trimmed with 'item' in a pretty silk-covered box, only 55. 6d., or four for 211, E. J. WARBLING, MA.NUFAOTURRIL 145, NNW BORTH RD., LONDrisr. l. MAKI% neeidia PAY I WILL SENO YOU WINNERS. T AM in the know of two or three good things each week, which I will send for ss. These selections worked with my special system of backing will pay yea. Week's Wires, ss. System, 2s. 6d. Strictly One-Horse Wire. A. GREGORY, WARREN ST.. LENRAM.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
JLatrimoil2

• MAIUIatuNIAL YODT, wiled envelope ocl. with circular M.—EDITOR, ROOMS 9 to 14, Trafalgar Buildings London, W.O. Established one third century. Distance mmaterial.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
poultry, 040, dr.

VEIG BOXllS.—Patent reversible lid ; eaves time and _EA money.—Apply KID-WALes Box VOSSPA.NIr. Newtown

FOWL CORN, 7e. 6d., 10e. 6d., 12e. 6d. 2eolbs. ; Pig Food, 73.6 d. and Poultry Meal. Be. and 10e. per 2001 be— . AND CO .15, Goree piazzas, Liverpool. Mention paper.

111111101.1LTHY Keepers. are your hens laying ? If not, send .11_ for 'Ripply Herrn-non', Pooltry Powder, Is. 4t lb. postage 3d. extra. —HA:III,43N, 401, Poolatoek lane. Wigan.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 V UL OA

===== 0002601_19061201_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
Jilottep

‘)S. 6D. MONTHLY repays £.5 Loan, Interest 10 per cent.; L./ share proilita ; prospe3t DS 2 stamps.—Co-oPnaaTivn SOCIETY. 61, Lord it., Liverpool.

CA S H A CCOMMODATION

to all respectable and trustworthy persons, note of hand only, on these terms £5 Ell ss. Od.

£ls £2O £3O £SO £lOO ,, £ll2 101. ed. Call or write to actual lender, W. JACKSON 70, PLYMOUTH-GROVE, MANORBSTER ; 26, Corporation-street, Manchester •, and 25, EA/MATE-BOW, CHESTER.

QPRINGFIELD. ULVERSTON.—GooIi Officially Rec°grilse(' SCHOOL FOR GIRLS (Lake DiatrH,),within easy reach of Manchester. Every arrangement for emnfort and we'l-being of pupils, with highest educitional advan- tages Large conntry house and grounds In exceptionally healthy situation. Riding, hockey, gymnasium. dancing. Entire charge taken. Reference to parents of pmsent pupils. Principal, Mrs HOT.DERNE99.

VHS HUM SCHOOL, STOCK CON LO 006 1 Stockton Heath, Warrington. —Day and Boarding School for Girls, Kindergarten. Preparatory School for Boys. PRINOIPALS, THR MISSES PARTINGTON Otte of 23, Wilson Patten street). • Prospectus.s, A 3., on application. SIXTY-SIX SUCCESSES IN 21 YEARS. NO FAILUR•ri. The next term will commence (0.V.) on ionclav Sent. 17th

VII R. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Mnsio,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Chzwoh. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTSR- POINT. MUSICAL 101111. Upwards of 100 Certifloat-s and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' prsorine.—For terms apply 134. LovEr.g-Lagn and Leg') Street, Warrington.

AT, ANCH STER GRAM MAK SCHOOL. _al. PER, £4. 48. AND £5 ss. PSEI TAMIL THE NEXT ThRM BRUINS TUESDAY, JAN. 15rH, 1917 ENTRANCE EXAMINATION.'MONDAY, JANUARY 14TH, AT 9 &i&.

Prospectuses, forms of application, ao. , may be bad at the school.

The tbaarding house in conmeetim with the school is situated Its Higher Broughton.

OWEN W. COX. Receiver.

agyituttural Vrobuct, Vants, Szr.

p REIM-10E1SE HEATING APPARATIN end PLANTS kir on Sale —Apply 3. WELLINGTON ST., HonCortl.

CHH an AP PHLOX. Polythus and Companulas 25, 25.; carriage paid.—OREENHAM /impEny, LimpAliPM,Surrey.

DILANT NOW.—Golden Buonvmus. .trong plant., 21. 6d, dozen, 18e. 100. Ifrec—dzolne Nuezeir,Haetoourne.

BLISNIinDIS Magnificent efts and colour, Bs. bushel, guarantee 40Ibs carriage: forward.—PuzELL, Hemel Hempstead.

DLACK CURRANT BUSHES, extra strung, absolutely free from mitP, low quotations.—E, W. BEiVEN, HOLIVIEII, Hereford.

HOT WATER APPARATIN, ell °owlet., for Green- houses, Motor Sheds, &e. ; lowest pricer. —LRES, Besoorofield rd.. Seaforth. Liverpool.

BULB SAM 1-12 Hyacinths. ls 6d; 50 Tulips. 1,3c1 ; 5) Daff-sills anti Narcissus. 1. 34 ; 5) Suolvdr.sps. Is 34 ; 50 Crocus, 94. ; 50 Bine Is Si ; the lot. Es. free. Grsud stuff !--TKPF/ENSOV.B, Se6d9lMen. LeiCe.t.r.

001 C 1 ROSKS ! ROSHS I 1--JAMHS WALTARS' 14 WORLD RREOWNRD ROSRS from Devonshire, all grand hardy stuff, 12 acres of Roses. Rose+ a speciality, 100 000 grand plsnts to select from. MI carriage paid for cash. Rstablished 50 years. Plant now. 12 finest Stsndard Roses. ls.; 12 best Half-standard Roses, 10s. ; 45, very best Dwarf Perpetual or Bosh Roses, 2104 ; 20 best ditto, 10s. ; 12, best Hardy Tens and Hybrid Teas, Ss. ; 12 best dwarf Perpetuate, is. ; 6 finest Climbing Roses. 45. ; 6 best assorted Ramblers, 4s ; 6 Crimson Ramblers. 30 63. ; 6 lovely Yellow Roses, 3.. 6d. : 6 best Moss Roses, 35. 61.; 6 Crimson or Pink Monthly Roses. 3e. ; 12 hardy Ryer :seen Running Roses for Rockeries, Banks, Coder-trees. etc., 6s. ; 50 Un- named Rose. of Teas, Pernetuals,CSrubercetc., assorted good stuff, lss, ; 20 Standard and Half-standard Roses, best sorts but un-named, 148. ; 12 strong bush Anples,Psars or Plums, beet sorts, fruiting tress, 15s. Tholisanie of all oest fruit- trees, Shrubs, Climbing and Herbsolnue plants, very cheap. Large Old cheap collections ot all best Bulbs for planting now. Descriptive Catalogue Bulbs, and cheap lists free. Thousands of Testimonials.

JAMBS wALTFRS, ROSR GIinWEIR. MOUrT RADFORD. !OUSTER.

partnembipcs, Susfttrs3os,, ift.

10101ERSONS PURCHASING RUSINKNSES can be iteCommothtori with Capital at WALTRTCE AND 05., 31, Cairo at.. Warrinzton•

INVkiTED pays 55. weekly land proportlonatelv. Partlonlsre, stamped envelope.—W. CLEMENT. 17 Cobden et., Liverplol

COAL BAGGING and WAGGONIITTH BOSINIIBS for Sale, good round.— Apply ROBERT GIB9ON, 79, Alder lane, Hindley Green, Wigan.

Cl ROCIBRY BUSINRSS on Sate; good Corner etind Broom Rdge. Lymm.—For particulars, /te.. apply to A. COWAP. Broom Bow., Lymm.

BWISTOL—Are you looking for a geoulnel Fluidness or a licensed house ? If so, send post-esrd for free Hit, —MOKELLE.B, 04,leen Charlotte at., Bristol.

COMPACT Little FARM for Sale. near Warrington.— Particulars T. CnwoELL, Lerh at.

I\TRAT Little LOCK-UP Tobacconist. suit young lady ; a iN bargain ; fixtures, goodwill, £17.--Apply T. COWDELL, Lee; st.

QPLRIVIMII rONFECTIONIMIC and CATHRING BUST- -171 REISS Rt Stoci(tort Heath, nice display windows : grand fittings end fi attires ; snit young lady ; price for 1i £3O to £3s.—Applv T. Cowpg.t.r.., Business Agent. Legh it., Warrington.

RoT BUSINESS FOR SALE with repel,.; good (men- Inc for energetic man ; splendid living accommodation ; everything £Bo.—Wit.soN, 327, Abbey Hey lane, Gorton, Manchester.

OOD CLASS CONVECTIONILIiv and MIXED Bun- NESS.—Good opening for prune baker ; good house and yard ; Corner premises ; satisfactory reasons for diaposal. —Apply 96, BEWSEY RD., Warrington.

QHARES.—IAdy holding considerable number a shares in I. well-known Mining Company is compelled to realfae part of lame ; will sacrifice 103 £1 fully paid-up shares at 3.. or might divide.—Write " Vicak." 6, Nimrod rd.. Streatham Park, London, S.W.

WANTED PRIVATE GENTLEMEN to ioln another in the purchase a 35 Freehold Cottage Houses In Liver- pool, chewing £250 yearly after all outgoings ; the amount required Is £750. one half of which will be found by adver- tiser ; the property Is well tenanted and In thorough repair ; no Agents.--Addrwes FRRW BANK. llrrdon rd.. Licworrol.

litsi BROWN, 34, SOUTH JOHN tIT LIVERPOOL. TEL. 179 Y CENTRAL, HAS A VARIETY OF THISINERSIN ow HAND TO SUIT ALL CLASSICS OF BUYER,.

CProvision and Dairy Business for Sale, all small and pork goods made; cooked meats, ponitry and dairy , protoce, home-made jams, pickles, chutneys in great demand ; thorougn going concern in principal thoroughfare of Briatol.—Particulara ARTHURS. 15. Upper it. Totterdown, Bristol.

rpo cApiTsusra.-steeping partner,wlth £25.000 capfta—l. .1 wanted for large Industrlßl up-to-date manufactory. situated near Dresden. Firet-olass arti3les in irelt dmand at home and abroad. Sound and well-pavlt‘g investment, Beet reference..—For particulars apply by letter to A.

HOWARD a CO., 35

_ Deronch

rd., Heine Hill, I.O;(ion, 831.

FOR SALE, old-established OONP EOTIONERY. BEHELD, GROCERY, and PROVISION BUSINESS, In a. popular North Lancashire seaside retort, (Morecambe); eenuine established family connection in all departments ; Premises include two splendid shops combiner,, goo," dwell- hog-house, bakehouse, warehouse, cellers. &e. ; Fixtures, Utensils, Book Debts, Stock-in-Trade. and Business to be Sold ; also the Property.—Purther particulars from Mr. 3. B. WHITHAM (Messrs. Whitham and Turney), Chartered , Accountants, 6. Harrison rd., HalifaX.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
GMEYRO YOUR McDOUGALL's Pategt SELF-RAISING FLOUR The Examiner, Saturday, December 1, 1906

• vv... iaia,..fieeaen no great searching—a glance 'showed him there was no one excepting himself there; but the open fanlight—had anyone else been there, or had the wind of the night opened it? He switched off the light, mounted a chair, closed and bolted it, then once more he turned on the electric light. It would be better not to mention his half-suspicion that someone had entered— suspicion which would be almost ridiculous. Who but a harlequin could enter by a fanlight? He thought of what the man, Clark, had said of the escaped prisoner; he had left the prison , without leaving any trace of his escape behind. , Somehow or other, he had hung on to a perpen- dicular wall while he had replaced bars and , °ricks. Was it possible he had enterea tne house through the fanlight? , "Anyhow, he is not here nwv," John said to himself. "If he has been inlhis room he has Left it, which is really all that can concern me." He shut the door, then he looked about him. ' The first thing almost upon which his eyes fell ' was a walking-stick; a stout, cumbersome stick of ebony, the handle formed from a hippopotamus tusk. It was not his; it must have belonged to his brother. / I He took it up and examined it. There was no name upon it, yet anyone looking at it would have said at once it belonged to someone who had travelled the world over, not to a stay-at- home like himself. He looked round, wondering where he could put it. Some swords—swords that had been used by dead and gone ancestors —were placed in a horizontal position on the wall, supported by brass brackets. John took up the walking-stick and balanced it above them; it did not look any way out of place—it might have been there for years. There was nothing else about the room that might have told of his brother's presence. He sat down and waited. It was very curious, hat he felt no remorse or , even horror of what he had done. He liardly seemed to realise anything excepting that Diek , was out of the way—not alive to interfere with him in any way !or the future. The horror that ,as a rule overwhelms an educated person who has wilfully and maliciously taken a life, did not' touch him. His passion for Celia Verde; as it were, swamped and obliterated everything else, every other consideration. If on thgleve of his marriage half a dozen had stood betvF6en him and his bride, he would have killed them if possible. It is an absolute fact that nothing makes a man more fierce, more cruel, than anything that comes between him and his most tender passion. John Brandon sat down and listened for the re-coming of the prison warders. They had reached, no doubt, the top of the house now, ' for he could hear nothing of them; but by-and- bye there was a thumping on the staircase. John wished the clever prisoner had chosen any other night to escape; it seemed to him he should never get to bed. It rejoiced him that the morn- ing was growing nearer and nearer, but it would have come so much more quickly had he been asleep. He heard footsteps at last; the search-party going down to the basement, so they had drawn blank so far. Ho would have to wait another half-hour, perhaps, before they came to him. He looked at the time, it was almost two o'clock. He had meant to be up with the lark. He touched the bell. His servant answered it. "Have they found anyone?" he asked. In deference to his master, the man suppressed a grin. "Nothing, sir," he answered. "They're behaving in my opinion—begging your pardon— most ridiculous, looking, one might almost say, in every pill-box." John Brandon had smiled slightly. Truth to tell, he was too tired to feel very much amused. "They won't find anyone here," he said. "Is it likely? The man, even if he came this way, would have seen the family was awake, still about He may be in the outhouses; he most certainly isn't in the house." Robert nodded. "That's what I tell them, sir," I he answered, "but they've got their own theory. I The man is desperately clever, daring, so they I say; there is nothing in the world they don't think he's capable of. He's nearly escaped, I it seems, twice before. Ah l they are on this landing now " John Brandon leant forward in his chair, listen- ing. He could hear the men talking, the sound of their footsteps. He thought they seemed dis- appointed, but that might only have been his fancy. Anyway, he was glad they had not found the man on his premises. He didn't want to be I dragged into any prison affair. He sat listening. He heard the search-party enter tho drawing-room, the dining-room, the morning, billiard, and smoking-rooms, then there was a knock at the door of the room in which he sat. A little fear came back to him though he told ; himself he was foolish to be afraid. The safe was locked. Nothing—nothing under Heaven would induce him to unlock it, even should he . be askeil to, which was not likely. He called out "Come in," and the men entered. "Well ? " John said, 'the one word a question. "Nothing so far," Warder Clark answered. "But I don't despair. I feel sure, absolutely sure, he's in this house. We traced, almost saw him within twenty yards of it. It won't disturb you if I have a look round here, Mr. I3randon ? " John Brandon fought with a desire, a perfectly suicidal desire, to look at the safe, and conquered it. 4"Not in the least," he answered; "but since I've been here all the evening, and there is not a hiding-place in the room in which a mouse' could conceal itself, I don't think it is much use." Warder Clark winked slowly. "You've not been absolutely in the room all the evening," he said. "You were not in it, for instance, when we came here. A room that had just betn occupied is just the place in which a man would choose to hide himself. Still, as you say, it does not look very promising." He came a step or two further into the room and looked round. The whole place was absolutely open to inspection. There were two , tables in it, both innocent of cloths; there were I no cupboards, no recesses. There was absolutely no place in which, seemingly, a man could hide himself. Warder Clark went to the French window and tried it. "This has been shut all the even- ing?" he asked. "Yes," John answered. "And bolted? I ask because, of course, a French window is very much more accessible than any other if only latched." "And bolted," John returned, telling a story, he hardly knew why. Warder Clark glanced upward. "And the fanlight, is that made fast in any way?" John pointed to a bolt. "As you see," he answered.

(Th be continued.)

"That has been kept like that all the evening?" . John Brandon felt justified in telling another story. "Ever since tho first gun went." "Ali! so far as we know that may have been a I good hour after the man escaped. We had no rdes, anything was wrong until the W c h looked into his cell, thought there seemed/ something t strange about the figure in his bed, an absence of movement, and on investigating found how we had all been fooled. Still, there is not much , chance of cover here." He half-turned towards ' the door, then swung round again. "How about that 9" he said, and pointed to the safe. John Brandon's heart stood still. He knew he turned ashen white. A great fear overwhelmed him ; his very soul sickened with terror. If they should look there, if they should insist upon looking there, what then? But they should not; he had the key—they should not! He waited a moment, so that he could be sure of controlling his voice. "That safe?" ho said. "Oh, it is quite impossible anyone could be hidden there. I locked it myself. Besides, there is no handle inside, no way of shutting it. You may rest comfortable with regard to the safe." Warder Clark appeared not to notice the signs of fear on John Brandon's face. Ho laughed lightly. "Nothing is impossible to the' man we are after," he said. "Like love, Gentleman Jim will 'find a way. I think I must look in that safe. , It appears quite large enough for a man to hide In. A sort of paralysis fell upon John Brandon. His tongue clung to the roof of his mouth, a 'horrible cold sweat broke out upon him. He was afraid, horribly afraid, but he would not givo up the key, of course. "I'm afraid I cannot allow that," he said. , "It's quite impossible anyone can he hidden ' there, but there are private concerns of mine locked away in that safe. I cannot open it before anyone. If—if you care to go out of the room and leave it I will open it and investigate—though to do so is pure folly—but I won't allow anyone ek,

so may nave-men our quaririndden ' fliers; Seems to me, if it had been only a woman, he'd have tipped you the wink. I'm always a bit in. lined to be suanirinus. I know. but it looks queer to me. No. 27, if you remember, was a gentleman born and bred, though he was doing a ten years' stretch." . _

Chief Warder Green drew himself up. "He was a gentleman born and bred, as you say," he answered. "But he wasn't of these parts. We've got on a wrong scent, and may as well acknow- ledge it. As for the safe, I'm just as certain as though I had seen her with my two eyes, that a woman had bees hidden there. I don't wish to brag about it, but I've a sort of second 'sight about these things not given to most. My mother was seventh child of a seventh child, and I was her seventh son. That sets cow apart, so to speak, from other folk, and makes you see more."

"Pity it doesn't shew you where our prisoner is," someone said, in a slightly scoffing tone. "First sight is good enough for me, if second sight don't do more than prove to you that a safe is empty when you see it empty. There may be points about it, but I confess my vision isn't keen enough to see them; and not being an abnormal prodigy, I'll keep my own opinion." "You're welcome to it," Chief Warder Clark returned. "No one else wants to rob you of it, I'm sure. I—Hush ! What was that? I heard a sound, a rustle in the bushes over there. Our prisoner, or I'm a Dutchman! Now, quickly and carefully. He'll make for the cover yonder. You that can run swiftly, cut him off, if possible; if not, we must surround the place, and close in is the morning."

===== 0002601_19061201_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
[AIL RIGHTS RESISTED.

WRITTEN IN SCARLET.

• By ALICE MAUD MEADOWS, Author of "One Life Between," "A Million if Money," "The Extreme Penalty,' "For Lev* of a Lady," "I Charge Ton Both," 4to.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: It is the wedding eve of John Brandon, a well-to-do country gentleman, and Celia Verde, daughter of Lady Caroline Verde. Celia had been engaged to John's brother Dick, a wild and reckless young man, supposed to have died abroad. Celia admits that she loved her old sweetheart better than the new— in fact, that she does not love John at all. He, however, adoring her, promises himself that he will win her love after marriage. Then all is changed by the sudden reappearance of Dick, who meets his brother as he is going homewards. No other person has seen the wanderer except Lady Caroline's maid, who takes him for a ghost. John Brandon lets his brother in by the library window, unseen by his servants. Dick laughs at the idea of John marrying Celia, who, he is certain, still loves himself. His careless taunts excite John to fury, and he strikes his brother violently on the head with a ruler, intending only to disable him until after the wedding takes place. To his horror, however, the signs of , death are manifest. With quiet resolution he places the body In a large safe. At that moment the police arrive at the house in search of a convict who has just escaped from a neighbouring prison.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER V 1.3 EMPTY!

The request—almost demand—to search his house could not have come to John Brandon at a more inconvenient time. In the first place he was anxious to get to bed; in the second, a murdered man was locked in the great safe in his study. There was no fear, of course, that they would have the slightest suspicion of that; still, the situation was dangerous—to say the least of it.

He was perfectly conscious, too, that he felt nervous; probably, also, he looked nervous. He could not remember whether anything of Dick's had been left about the room; whether he had carried a stick. He could remember tossing his hat into the safe, but had there been anything else? Anything that might betray him? Later on, someone might say that they had see= him— the girl, for instance, whom Dick' had said had run screaming away. He might be missing, and any little clue connect his disappearance with him, John. _ _

Everyone had, of course, known that Celia Verde had once been engaged to his brother, that the love she had had for her first lover had been- far stronger, more passionate than her affection for him. Once the hue and cry got about that he had retprned, been seen, and then disappeared on the eve of John Brandon's wedding-day, suspicion would be awakened, and might—naturally would—grow doubly strong if anything of Dick's was found about. The voice of one of the prison warders—a man who seemed to speak with authority and had evidently been put above the others, or by length of service, or excellence of mind, occupied that position— interrupted Jon Brandon's thoughts. "We have placed a guard outside, sir," he said. "If he's in the house—and we think he is—we ,shall catch him; every door and window is watched. Have we your permission to go through the house?" .

John Brandon nodded. The menservants had risen and come downstairs; most of them looked sleepy and cross. Green, the butler, stepped forward. "I saw to all the bolts and bars myself before I went to bed," he said. "We heard the guns booming, and took precautions, so unless you find a door or window open, you may as well save yourselves the trouble of searching here." The chief warder laughed. "I don't know so much about that," he answered. "You don't know Gentleman Jim—that's what we couldn't help calling No. 27 he's done an amazing thing—simply amazing! It isn't a case of bolting while engaged on outside work when a sudden thick mist has fallen—that's how they generally get away—he's escaped from his cell, and on first inspection he's left no mode of egress behind him, nothing to betray his absence, and a dummy figure was made upon the bed. Some bars and bricks have been removed and replaced from the outside, where, at first sight, it seemed he had nothing to hang on to. A man like that would make his way into a house, and, leaving no trace of his ingress, lock it up after him. I tell you we must look into every hole and crarrny, every closed chest and cupboard. This man is flown, and we've got to catch him. I think we shall find our bird in this covey." John Brandon turned paler than ever; the words of the prison warder frightened him horribly. "We must search every hole and cranny, every locked chest and cupboard." Would they search the safe? If so, he might just as well go and blow out his brains; there would be no marriage for him to-morrow; the girl he loved would never, never be his wife. A halter, instead of the altar, would be his fate.

For all his fear, he schoOled his voice. He would, perhaps, be able to keep these men out of his study; he could very well, and quite truthfully, say he had been sitting there all the evening, that it was impossible anyone could have entered without his knowledge. "Where will you begin your search ? "ho asked. "I am practically sure the man is not here. It is hardly likely he would hide in a house— that would be too suicidal, too foolish; still, you are, of course, at liberty to search. Shall the servants show you to the basement ? " The menservants made a movement; the chief warder, whose name Was Clark, did not move. In answer to John Brandon's question, he shook his head.

"In searching a house," he said, "it is policy always to begin "'at the top—the roof, if there is any mode of egress to the roof—and beat down half -way ; it is also policy to send another beating party to the basement, not to beat upwards, but to remain there. Escape for anyone in hiding is then made almost impossible. We have your permission to go upstairs, Mr. Brandon ? "

John Brandon nodded. Ile did not feel it incumbent upon him to go with these men—they would do their searching ahme; besides, he must keep guard in the library, there must be no meddling there. "Go where you like, he answered. "I'm quite sure you are wasting time here; still, you think differently, and we all, I suppose, have a right to our opinions. If you want me, I shall be in my study. I have been there all the evening. Any of the servants will ihew you the way." He felt calmer for the moment; the search of the library, even if it came to that, was post- poned. When the warders found him seated there, in a room which was almost bare, without nook or cranny, or draperies, they would glance round and go away. Ile had no need to be alarmcd—none whatever. He saw the men disappear up the wide 8 tair- case, the servants with them; then he turned ;into the library, and switched on the light. .4-Directly he entered it, something strange, different, in the atmosphere struck him. When he had left it it had been hot and dry—so much so that for a minute hti had thought of opening the window; now it was cool and moist. The holland blinds edged with thick, handsome lace were dawn; he crossed to the window, and pulled the centre one up. The moon now shone vividly; the light in the garden was fairly bright—at all events, one could see perfectly. Half-way across the lawn John Brandon saw the figure of a man standing motionless watching the house, and a little further on another and another.

He tried the window, it was firmly shut though not bolted. He shot the bolt. As he did so a cold draught blew down upon his head. He looked upward, the fanlight over the middle window was open; the night wind, cool, moist, blew in from there. -

He glanced round tho

NASAL CATARRH & ASTHMA. THEIR COMPLETE HOME CURE. Post Free to Sufferers who Apply at Once. Just published, the second edition of a 48 page book fully describing Nasal Catarrh, Asthma and Chronic Bronchitis, and how these dangerous diseases may be completely cured at home. The most practical work ever issued, and which should be in the bands of sufferers who desire to speedily cure themselves. This offer stands open for 30 days from this date. A post- card giving your name and address will bring you the book by return post. Address Dept. W. 219 Dr. Cassell's Co. Ltd., Ayton Buildings,King-street West, Manchester

===== 0002601_19061201_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
GO touen If..

Warder Clark's expression changed, grew suspicious. What concerns of John Brandon's could there be in the; safe? Papers, perhaps. But they would not want to look at them; they were looking for a man, not for something com- promising to John Brandon. "I'm sorry, sir," he said, "but I'm afraid we must. We haven't a warrant, I admit; still it will seem strange, I'm sorry to say it, slmost suspicious, if you don't let me look. This Gentleman Jim was, of course, we know, well 3onnected. He may have been known to you, though that is not likely. We only want just a peep. Come, sir, let us have the key." One of the men had wandered round to the Sale, tie put his hand on the handle and turned it.

"There's no need for the key," he said, "it's not locked."

The chilly clamminess in which John Brandon was enveloped grew very cold. So he had not locked the safe! When he thought he had—when be turned the key in his agitation—he must have done nothing of the sort. He felt almost dead with fright. "I forbid you to open the safe!" he said. "Do you hear me? It's my house. You have no warrant, and I forbid you!" He had sunk back in his chair. Me could not have risen to save his life. The warder looked at his chief. Clark nodded.

The next moment the great iron door was thrown back. John Brandon could have screamed. Had there been a knife or a pistol handy he would have killed himself. Celia Verde would never, never be his now! _ _

Warder Clark stepped forward, then, as the door swung right back, he paused. "Empty," he said—" absolutely empty What "—he turned savagely to John Brandon—" have you made a fool of me for? There is nothing there." And he was perfectly right. Wherever he was, the dead man—the dead man who had been locked in the safe—was no lon,,er there. John Brandon pressed hands to his temples. What did it mean? Was the horror of the night a dream, or was he going mad P

===== 0002601_19061201_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER VII. - A MIRACLE.

The relief from a great fear, a horrible dread, is often as painful as the agony of acute alarm. John Brandon sat and stared at the empty safe,. while everyone else stared at him. It was absolutely evident he had expected to see some- thing there which he did not wish others ,to know of. There was mystery in the air. II tied with all his reirbt aro ma;.,

===== 0002601_19061201_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
yourseiVes'fhat the man is not here, I shall be glad if you will go. I have particular reasons for not wishing to be all to pieces to-morrow, and at present I feel fit for nothing but bed." "Will you tell me what you expected we should and in that safe?" the man asked. "Only a fool would believe you, sir, if you said nothing. Your face was livid with fear. I don't want to make myself objectionable, but really—" "You are," John Brandon interrupted. "You came here to look for a convict—so far as I know no convict has been here—you have not I found one. It seems to me that is all that I concerns you; the rest is my private business. I I don't want to hurry you, but I'm really tired." I The man persisted. "Will you, at any rate, tell me whether or no you expected to find the safe open?" He stooped clown as he spoke, and picked up an ordinary-sized handkerchief. It was very fine. If it belonged to a man, it was to one who liked his linen effeminately dainty. As he put it on ; the table a new idea came into his head, and he I smiled quietly to himself. I "After all, sir," he said more pleasantly, "you are perfectly right; I have no business to pry into your affairs. You have allowed us to search the house, and we have done so. I have oply to thank you, and wish you good-night." I He went from the room as he spoke. John , Brandon did not trouble to accompany him; his servants were in the hall, and would see the man out. Warder Clark shut the door, then chuckled ; audibly. I "What's the joke ?" the butler asked. "The !master must have changed very suddenly from ;what he was a moment ago if he's been making you laugh." Warder Clark dug the butler in the ribs, and 'continued to laugh. "He was in a blue funk, I wasn't he?" he said. "I made sure our man ! was there—we all did. Of course, I know ; better now. He's to be married to-morrow, isn't ! he?" _

"Yes," the butler answered, with a slight sense of displeasure. "What of that?" "Oh, nothing—nothing," Warder. Clark re- turned. "Men will be men, of course, just as boys will be boys. I suppose, now, you did not let her in ? "

Green looked mystified. "Her? Who ? " "Why, the lady, of coarse. That's what he thought he had hidden in that safe—that's what he had hidden there. Only, how she got out, awl where she went to, goodness only knows. Of course, most of us—" he pulled up the collar of his coat, and assumed an attitude of manly uriclp—",b9Ain to ant our houses in order

===== 0002601_19061201_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

WARELNGTON L. AND N.-W. RAILWAY INSTITUTE V. ST. HELENS JUNCTION RECREATION CLUB.--The War- rington Railway Institute played their first match in the new premises at Bank Quay on Saturday. The games,which were witnessed by a large number of mem- bers were thoroughly enjoyed, the result being a victory for the home team by 331 points, Scores

WARRINGTON. - ST. HELENS. T. Horrabin R. Bell lOO Willis 97 A. Hale 96 T. Wilson J. Jenkinson G. Parker A. W. Allman lOO A. Williams J. J. Millington T. Lowe W. Hill C. Millington B6 W. Sephton

Total

Total

===== 0002601_19061201_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
nhteirtagetnei"; .to seem 'At his ease: "no wondered vaguely why the monstrous relief from fear did not bring his nerves back to their normal condition. However it , had happened, the murdered man was no longer there to mutely accuse him. Ahnost,it seemed,a miracle had been performed to save the situation. He forced himself to speak. "I think," he said, and nervousness made his tone hard and cold, "that you have exceeded your duty in opening my private safe. However, as you now see, your suspicions were wrong. There is no one there; it was not likely there would be. I told you I had been in this room practically all the evening." Warder Clark put up his hand and ruffled his hair in his perplexity. "It seems to me, sir," he said, "that you expected to see someone there. I diDn't believe you knew the safe was unlocked. Come, sir, I think in a matter of this sort—a matter that concerns scciety at large—you should give us what help you can. it's perfectly im- possible you can wish a convict to escape!" John's eyes flashed; he had got himself now more in hand.

"Give you what assistance I can ?" he said. "What have I (lone? I have let you overrun my house, place your men in my garden, wake my servants from their very necessary sleep, and raid my most private room. I really fail to see what more I can, or could, have done. lam inclined to be sorry I lave done so much. I never thought the man was here, and, as I suppose you have at length convinced yourselves, you find he is not. I certainly did not expect you to find your convict in my safe; the idea is absolutely ridiculous! At the same time, I admit that the booming of the guns, your coming, and one thing and another, have upset inv barvoslf

===== 0002601_19061201_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
A "CURRANT CHRISTMAS."

In view of recent developments, this new exp ression which appears in a recent number " of "The Grocer," will be readily understood by every housewife. There has never been a Ourrant Christmas before ! Last Christmas the Currant was beginning to be talked about, but its popularity then was nothing compared with what it is now. Neither is the present demand for the Currant confined any longer to Britgin. The IGerman house-mother—famed the world over for her insight and efficiency—is doubling her Currant order, and the housewives of Holland, Australia, and America are following along the same lines. Currant Bread is still increasingly popular with every class of society, while, as a proof of this enthusiasm we I may mention that many housewives have already secured from their own grocers, free copies of that most useful ittle book—" Currants : A Few Dainty Recipes." Ask your grocer for a copy to-day.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
'eve get niarrien; -mitirs a'iftta late in the day to say one's good-byes to lady friends at midnight—a few hours before one's wedding. Do you know who she is ?" Green's face had. grown very red with anger, almost apoplectic looking. A fit of some sort or another did not seem beyond the range of "No, I don't," he answered. "What's more, I don't believe there was a woman there. He's not one of them sort; besides, everyone knows he's never given a thought to anything female but Miss Verde. He loved her when she was ligaged to his brother. He's loved her ever since, and always will." , Warder Clark looked anything but convinced. "You could see yourself," he said, "that he was almost dead with fright. There's a French window in that room. He let her in himself, of course. Why, man alive I "—he Must out laughing again—"l picked up her handkerchief, a piece of gossamer. You have a look about the house, you'll find the young lady right enough. Poor fellow !"—he laughed again. "No wonder he was nearly crazy with fright; though he need not have been if he'd tipped me the wink. I wouldn't have looked for worlds!"

"Good-night," Green said, coldly, walking very decidedly towards the door. "I'm sorry you haven't a little mere charity." Once more Warder Clark laughed. "Well, I vou are riabt. I'll cultivate it Good. Ho went away laughinf, still, communicating his discovery to the rest Of the men, and certainly crediting poor John Brandon with a faithlessness towards the woman he so utterly loved which he was far from deserving. "It was as good as a French play," he said, chuckling still with laughter. 'Only the diriniiment—that's a French word which means wind up, climax, catastrophe—l'm a bit of a scholar, and not ashamed of it—wasn't quite what it would have been on the stage. On that, we should have thrown back the door of the safe—the pretty little creature, all blushes and confusion would have stepped out, then down would 'lye come the curtain! I wonder what he did with the girl ? Or what she did with herself? She must be just as cute as they make them, and I'm inclined to be a trifle sorry for Mrs. John Brandon. John Brandon's life won't boa bed of roses, I expect." They were trudging along now through the misty, unpleasant semi-darkness of night, still keeping a weather-eye open. "Iso't ;t possible. one of the men said. ".thsA

===== 0002601_19061201_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

GARDEN SOCIETY.—This Society having obtained the kind permission of Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall for the members to view the chrysanthemums on Sunday afternoon last, at thr Conservatories at Walton Hall, a large number of the members and friends with many of tho public availed themselves of the opportunity of spending a pleasant half hour and enjoying the beautiful display, which, although past its best, was a very good show, and reflects great credit on the care and attention given to the plants by Mr. Goves, the head gardener.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
POCKET PICKED OF £l,OOO.

The "Express " Paris correspondent sacs :—Mr. Motthity, a rich raineowner from Texas, had his pocket picked of £l,OOO on the Stock Exchange on Friday. He made the acquaintance of an Englishman on the voyage from New York, and the two men went to see the Stock Exchange together. Suddenly Mr. Motthuy missed the Englishman, and on feeling in his pocket found that a £l,OOO note had been abstracted and a note substituted, saying : " Forgive me, it was a matter of life and death." Mr. Motthuy has refused to lodge any complaint.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
ARE SWEET THINGS WHOLESOME?

A Hint on Food for Children.

The idea that sweets and cakes are bad for children and growing boys and girls is one as general as it is erroneous. Some puddings and cakes as often made are undoubtedly bad, but where the right materials are used in making, they are a satisfying and satisfactory food. Meat is admittedly wrong food forchildren, who should depend for nutriment on natural wheat salts and sugars and starch. In what more palatable form can these be given than a nice cake. No nicer, more nourishing or wholesome cakes can be baked than those made with Paul's Cake Flour. This cake-maker is made from the purest materials perfectly proportioned and mixed. It is very easy to use and if the recipes given in Paul's newly published cookery book are followed, good results are certain. These recipes are all so clear and concise that you cannot go wrong. This valuable little book, which is illustrated will be sent free to anyone writing for it, mentioning their dealer's name and address, to Dept. 24, Paul Bros., Millers,l9, Brunswick Street, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE COUNCILLOR BROM.

FUNERAL AT WARRINGTON,

The high esteem in which the late Councillor Walter Brough was held by all sections of the community was strikingly evidenced at the funeral which took place at the Warrington Cemetery on Monday. Representa- tives of public bodies and of all classes and shades of opinion attended to pay a last tribute to one whom they had been proud to claim as their friend. The cortege left the deceased's late residence, The Grange, Fearnhead, about noon, after a short service had been conducted in the house by the Rev. J. F. Matthews, and proceeded to Padgate Wesle)an Church where the first part of the burial service was held. A large congregation had assembled and the proceedings were most impressive. The Communion table and the pulpit were draped in blear. As the coffin was borne into the church, the organist (Mr. George Pendlebury) played " 0 Rest in the Lord "very feelingly. The opening sentences and the psalm were read by the Rev. W. Mellor (resident minister at Padgate), while the Rev. J. Manning read the lesson, and the Rev. Sidney Pitt offered prayer. The hymns" Lord it belongs not to my care "and " When the day of toil is done " were sung. _ _

The REV. JoBN GUNNELL delivered an address, in which he referred to the outstanding features of Coun- cillor Brough's career and character. He said that when quite a youth fifty years ago, Mr. Brough came to War- rington, and he ha A spent practically the whole of his life in the town. No-one was better known or more respected. For twenty-five years he was a prominent business man. The business which he had built up with his own skill and industry was successful, like most things to which Mr. Brough put his hand. From the year 1900 to the day of his death, he was a Town Councillor and occupied a prominent position on many of the principal committees ; so that he was diligent in ' business, and he was not unmindful of his duties as a citizen. In religion—and that was what they had on that occasion to do with mainly—he was a convinced and pronounced Methodist. The whole of his life was devoted to the interests of that Church, and he served It in almostevery capacity—lay preacher, trustee, steward, class leader, superintendent of the Sunday school, as well as being a very diligent worker /in the Band of Hope. He gave his services without stint for those many years, more particularly in connection with Sankey Bridges, and he was a very generous supporter of all their connexional and local funds. He (the speaker) did not want to convey the impression to any mind that Mr. Brough was a bigot—far from that. A man of broader views, kindlier charity, or deeper sympathies it would be hard, to find. Those whose knowledge of Mr. Brough was limited to the last three or four years could only form a very inadequate con- ception of the strenuous character of that life in its prime. Sixteen years ago and for ten or twelve years onward, Mr. Brough was the most diligent and tireless Christian worker he (the speaker) had ever met. During that time he was lay pastor of Sankey Bridges. There was no resident minister in that dense population and his services were in constant request in the'sick room. in the house of mourning,in the abode of poverthand by the graveside. Several very severe ,afilictions befel him during the past three or four years and his health was broken. His physical energy was very much reduced and while the spirit was willing to render such services as he had done in the stronger days of his life, the flesh was too weak to enable him to do so. Several times during the past day or two he (Mr. Gunnell) had heard the expression with reference to their departed brother " Only fifty-seven." They must not forget that life was not simply a thing of years. God counted our life not by time butgby service. Judged by the character built and the work done, and these were the true tests, Mr. Brough's life was not a short one. He "managed in those fifty years of his more active work to crowd in 'an amount of service that very few could hope to put into a life even of much longer space. During an intercourse with Ur. Brough stretching over seventeen years, he (Mr. Gunnell) had again and again been impressed with his thorough frankness and openness of character. His avowed intention was always his real intention—nothing was concealed. Duplicity or anything approaching it was foreign to his wholenatute. Then again there was his real love for work. To be moved by a high sense of duty in the activities in which one was engaged was a very good thing, and he was sure Mr. Brough was not wanting in that. But to be constrained by a mighty, quenchless love to go unto men was far better, and he was sure that that was the motive power of Mr. Brough's life —a great love for those whom he was endeavouring from day to day to render service. His work always seemed to be congenial to him, and this was especially so in his attempts, and they were many, to improve choir and congregational singing. To see Mr. Brough conducting a united choir at some great religious festi- val or Band of Hope " rally" was to impart a measure of his own enthusiasm to oneself. Those times were really a means of grace to Mr. Brough. He (the speaker) had seen him, when conducting one of those choirs, with his eyes filled with tears, and every feature of his face quivering with emotion, and there was no doubt he had a passionate love for that and every kind of wise and holy work. He (Mr. Gunnell) was also impressed with Mr. Brough's tender and tactful sympathy. It was shown in that beaming face of his —and the street always seemed to be brighter when one met Mr. Brough with that smile on his face. They heard it in the ring of his voice. Who that heard Mr. Brough laugh could ever forget it? He (Mr. Gunnell) was half afraid that we were forgetting bow to laugh and how to shake hands and Mr. Brough in those matters set them a good example. He was bright, generous, kindly and in all the varying conditions of life so good humoured. Of course he had his preferences and he would naturally be inclined to men of his own temperament, but he (Mr. Gunnell) very much questioned if his most intimate friend ever heard a word of disparagement or an ungenerous expression from his lips, touching any fellow-man. To put it all in one sentence he was a lovable man. There was something so winsome about his spirit and manner. Little children loved him : the poor loved him. Those in sickness and in sorrow held him in high and grateful esteem. He (Mr. Gunnell) would treasure that beauti- ful memory of Mr. Brough as one of the best possessions of his life. They prayed that the great Father, who was full of pity towaids all sorrow-stricken children of His, would comfort and sustain the bereaved family in their loss and grief, and also that the children might I follow Christ and work for the Church as their father did.

The service concluded with the "Dead March" in San!. .

The cortege then proceeded to the' Cemetery, being met at the borough boundary by members of the Cor- poration and other public bodies. There was a very large gathering at the Cemetery. The last rites were performed by the Rev. John Gunnell. Members of the deceased gentleman's Bible class acted as bearers, while a large contingent of members followed the hearse. The mourners and friends present included :—Messrs. Thomas, Walter. Harry and George Brough (sons), Mr. E. Wilkes and Mr. W. H. Cottrell (sons-in-law), Mr. George Brough and Mr. Edward Brough (brothers), Mr. John Dauber and Mr. James Gorst (brothers-in-law) ; Captain W. A. Savage, Mr. J. W. Hayward, Mr. James Gandy, Mr. James Mason, Mr. E. England, Mr. T. Sudlow, Mr. W. S. Howard, Mr. G. Mather, Rev. J. S. Hughes, Mr. A. Atkinson,Mr. James Hudson, Mr. P. L. Richardson, Mr.T.Birtles, Mr. J. H. Taylor, Mr. H. Chambers, Dr. Bennett, Councillor Dr. Joseph, Messrs. J. Upson and J. G. Withinshaw (circuit stewards), Mr. John Bennett, Mr. F.Wright,Mr. I. Johnson, Messrs. J. Corradine and J. Wilkes (Sankey Bridges). Mr. J. F. Pendlebury, Mr. T. Dale, Mr. W. Bailey, Mr. A. 13. Bailey, Mr. C. Pritchard, Mr. E. J. Mitchell, Mr. W. Ford, Mr. J. Atherton, Mr. F. R. Roberts, Mr. W. Roberts, Mr. J. Masont Mr. L. Bennett, Mr. C. Jackson Holmes, Mr. J. E. Richardson, Mr. W. E. Plinston, Mr. W. Taylor, Mr. A. Tilling, Mr. W. Beswick, Messrs. R. W., and J. Gorst, Mr. W. H. Sherburn, Mr. G. Weaver, Mr. J. Birch, Mr. T. Dodd, Mr. J. Harding, Mr. E. Steel, Mr. C. H. Robinson, Mr. J. rodeo, Mr. J. W. Harrington. Messrs. T. and J. Worrall, Leech, Evans, Hall, Ward, and H. London, and other members of the deceased's Bible-class.

The Town Council sod Education Committee were represented as follows :—The Mayor (accompanied by his chaplain, the Rev. W. Braoecamp), Aldermen Bennett and Tinnion, Councillors Steel, Sanke6, Evans, Stott, Burton, Wilding, Barton, Wilkinson, Ellison, Ashcroft, Clegg, Benson and Skelland ; Rev. Canon Stevenson, Rev. John Yonge, Mr. C. H. Parker, Mr. G. Walker, Mr. R. T. Fairclough and Mr. A. J. Jolley. The Rev.J.Davies and Alderman Pierpoint had written to the Mayor regretting their !liability to be present. The following Corporation officials were also present :—Mr. A. T. Holloway (deputy town clerk), Mr. Thomas Longdin (borough surveyor), Mr. J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), Mr. C. Madeley (librarian), Mr. R. B. Roberts (assist- ant director of education, representing the Director of Education, Mr. Moore Murray), Mr. F. Taylor (secre- tary of the gas department), Mr. NV. Flood (sanitary inspector), and Mr. E. Place (markets inspector.) Mr. J. H. Smethurst attended as a manager of the Heathside Schools, of which the late Councillor Brough was a manager.

Deputations xvero present as follows : Liberal Association.—Mr. C. E. Parker (president) and Councillor Evans (chairman of the Executive). Warrington Card Company.—Messrs. J. W. Hayward, F. Milling and W. Roberts. British Workman Company.—Messrs. C. Jackson Holmes and W. Roberts.

Zillah Shipping Compariy.—Capt. W. A. Savage, Messrs.J.W.Usyward and T. Dodd. Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Church.—Messrs. I. Wolfe and C. E. Bromil 3y. Salvation Army.—Ensign Spicer, Sergt.-Major G. Ayres, and Secretary J. Bates. Master Bakers' Asseciation.—Messrs. C. E. Toft, S. Davies, F. Pierpoint, and J. Eckersley. Amalgamated Union of Operative Bakers and Confec- tioners.—Messrs. H. Hickinbottom (branch secretary), W. Rathbone (district secretary) J. Rigby, E. Wilson, W. Gregson and A. Deakin. Working Men's Mission.—Capt. N. Hough (president)

===== 0002601_19061201_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19061201_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
Messrs. T. Dale, T. Ashley,and T. Johnson. Floral tributes were sent by the widow and children, Mr. and Mrs. T. Brough, Mr. and Mrs. W. Brough, Mr. ' and Mrs. Wilkes, Mr. and Mrs. Cottrell, Hrs. D. Wil- cocks and family, Mrs. W. Bennett (Lyndhurst), the members of the deceased gentleman's society class, Dr. and Mrs. Bennett,Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hayward,directors of the Warrington Cafes, Ltd., directors of the Zillah Shipping Co., Ltd., Mrs. E. aact Miss Richardson, Hr. , and Mrs. W. Roberts, Mr. A. Atkinson (Manchester),Mr. and Mrs. J. Bailey, Mrs. and Miss Bennett, Mr. and Mrs. Wright, Capt. W. A. Savage, Mr. and Mrs. Hudson, members or the Sankey Bridges Wesleyan ' Chapel, Mr. and Mrs. Kershaw (Latchford), Mr. and Mrs. James Mason, Padgate Wesleyan choir, Mr. and Tunstall, Mrs. Gl. Savage, Mr. and Mrs. Harrison (Bolton), Mrs. Baines, Mr. and _Vim John Bennett, Mr. , and Mrs. John ktherton, Mr. and Aire.. James Gorst, Mr. and Mrs. Light, Mr. and Mrs. Highley, Mr. T. Sadlow and family, British Workman Directors, Mr. F. R. Roberts, Mr. and Mrs. John Strange, Mr. anct Mrs. H. Wilkes and family, Mr. and Mrs. H. Thornton, Mr. and Mrs. Porte!' and family (St. Helens), Rev. J. Grange Bennett, Mr. T. Birtles and family, Mr. and Mrs. D. Atherton, Mr. and Mrs. T. Astill, Operative Bakers' Union (Warrington branch), Mr. and Mrs. Howard, Mr. and Mrs. James Gandy,Mr. and Mrs. P. L. Richardson,&c. , The funeral arrangements were carried oat by Messrs. - - J. Mounfleld and Sons. PUBLIC REFERENCES. At the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society the Secretary (Mr. Farrar) Made special reference to the death of Coun- cillor Brough, Who had been a personal friend of his for over 30 years. The deceased gentloman had been one - of the warmest friends of the Wycliffe Society. He moved that a vote of sympathy and condolence be sent , to the widow and family in their great sorrow and trial. The motion was seconded and carried. On Sunday evening at the Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Church, Mr. J. Wadsworth made reference to Councillor Brough's death, and at the conclusion of the service the organist (Hr. E. G. Bickers) played the Dead March. Preaching at St.Barnabas' Church on Sunday morning, the Vicar (the Rev. J. H. G. Hollingworth) voiced the flings of regret they all feltat the death of Councillor Bough, who up to a few years ago lived in that parish. He (the speaker) had a profound respect for him, and when he went to visit him he always came away spiritu- ally refreshed, as the late Councillor Brough had a deep faith in the Almighty. He was aver ready to help for- ward any good cause, and had been a subscriber to various objects in connection with that church. They all sympathized with the family in their great loss.

ONE OF MANY IN WARRINGTON. Whenever we are suffering from any trouble or ill- ness, it is surprising to find how many have suffered in the same way. Then the feeling of loneliness goes. If also we hear how they were able to overcome their trouble, there comes a sense of hopefulness, and we determine to follow the course which they pursued so successfully. This Warrington story will help many of us.

" I was so ill with kidney complaint for five years . that I didn't know what to do for the best," says Mrs. L. Selby, 52, Devonshire-place,Thelwall-lane,Latchford, Warrington. "I have many a time been doubled up with the pains, which were round my loins, and I did not know how to straighten myself. My head ached so badly at times that I could scarcely see. "The doctor, told me 'I was suffering from kidney disease, but I got no better under his treatment. "Hearing of • the good many people were deriving • from Doan's backache kidney pills, I got some to try. Now I can truthfully say tbat they have done me more good than anything else I ever used. I consider Doan's , pills a splendid medicine, and I am thankful for the • benefit I have received. (Signed). L. Selby." Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are two shillings and • ninepence per box (six boxes for thirteen shillings and ninepence). Of all chemists and stores, or post free, direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, - Oxford-street. London, W. Doan's are the pills that cured Mrs. Selby.

WARRINGTON BOOT DEALER'S 1 BANKRUPTCY. Summers Sent to Gaol. At the Manchester Assizes on Saturday, Oliver 1 Summers, boot dealer, formerly carrying on business in Bridge-street, Warrington, who the previous day had been found guilty of concealing from and failing to disclose and deliver up to the trustee of his estate, fo• the benefit of his creditors, 553 pairs of boots, shoes, . and slippers, of making material omissions in his state- , meat relating to his affairs in answer to his perliminary examination, and of mutilating and attempting to destroy documents relating to his property,w,s brought lup for sentence by Mr. Justice Sutton. 1 Mr. Gibbons, addressing the Judge in mitigation of sentence, said this was not a case in which the creditors had been robbed of any large sum of money. In fact, if they had lost anything it was a matter of teens of si pounds probably—not more than .£2O on the evidence : that had come out. He had had an opportunity a speaking to Summers, and had explained to him thit he 7* ought to do something for the benefit of creditors if 10, 1 could. It appeared that his mother-in-law had receiVr; in respect of her claim on the estate—which amounts(' A to £6oo—a sum of £l3O in dividend, and sumaers A I informed hins that his mother-in-law would hand back 4,1 that £l3O to the estate, so that in that way the eat J would not auffer at all through his action. With al regard to the mutilation of a document, it was a Vl, -,el • 4 clumsy matter, because when it was torn if, two it was discovered by the Official Receiver, and 139 bitn4 was done by it. With regard also to his book debts, : 'although hehad many month!. lii he could have Summers never attempted to collect one of them, , *done so if he had desired. Inspector Hough said he had made inquiries about Summers. He was a native of Warrington, and was I brought up to the boot and Shoe business. He had, before setting np in business for himself, occupied a • - position with a arm in the same trade in Manchester,. and in that capacity bad borne an excellent character. In Warrington there was nothingagainst his good record- - previous to this offence. Mr. Gibbons said Summers had asked him to explain further, that he had been somewhatimfortunate in the ' places in which he had traded in Warrington. On two occasions he had had to leave his businest premises in consequence of' street improvements, and bad in this way lost certain goodwill. Mr. Byrne, for the prosecution, said there was no desire to press the case against prisoner. At the same time the prosecution thought they should have some guarantee in relation to the sum of £l3O which it had been stated Summers had arranged to refund. The Judge suggested that in the circumstances now stated, it might be the better course to postpone sentence till the next Assizes.

Mr. Gibbons said Summers told him there need be no question about the guarantee. The money could be paid on Monday morning, or even on Sunday, if neces- sary. The Judge said that, on the whole, he would not take that matter into consideration. Addressing Summers, he said be had taken into consideration all that counsel had said in his behalf,and also what the police inspector had said. He sentenced the prisoner to four months' imprisonment in the second division.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
"A PINE FOREST IN EVERY HOME."

For Sore Throats, Colds, and Bronchitis, take Peps, and get the Breath of the Pine-Woods into your Lungs.

Just as the sturdy pines flourish amid the frosts,snows and biting winds in icy Norway, and on the Swiss Alps, so do weak-chested invalids flourish when defended by Peps, the new pine-air treatment for all pulmonary troubles. Peps are a unique scientific remedy, in tablet form. the central principle of wbich is the true medicinal essences of a certain species of the rich pine:trees. People living among the pine forests of Norway, Swit-carland, and North America never seem to be troubled with chest complaints or lung disease, and it is breathing the odours of the pine forests that makes all the difference. Doctors now agree that the breath of the pine woods, laden with balsamic and resinous odours, is the healthiest air for all sufferers from chest, throat, and lung troubles, . .

A-method of isolating and preserving these, rich pine essences, in all their natural strength, for regular household use has at length been devised. In these new and palatable tablets—Peps--we have, in handy form, a scientific concentration of the true medicinal essences of certain species of the pine tree, together with other agents of known and constant value. The rich balsamic odours of the pine, when released' by dissolving a Pep on the tongue, have a wonderful effect in healing and strengthening the weak-lunged.• The pine odours make breathing easy, deep, and natural. They help to soothe the inflamed and sore throat and chest, and to keep the air-passages moist and flexible. The healing, soothing, antiseptic, demulcent, and germi- cidal properties of Peps reach the affected parts of the breathing apparatus by direct inhalation. That is vvbi. Peps are so wonderfully effective for coughs, colds' chills, bronchitis, asthma, sore throats, laryngiti,e' hoarseness, quinsy, croup, whooping cough, influenz'' and other lung, throat, and chest complaints. Peps have this unique advantage, that the volatile pine essences in each tablet may be breathed direct illt° the lungs, healinr, the tissues damaged by constant coughing or recent lung inflammation. How much rao:7e sensible than the old-fashioned habit of merely ing liquid mixtures into the stomach. - Peps d° not a at instantly stopping a cough—sometimea a ie dangerouseak- w thing to do—but they do more ; they remove - . . ness, irritation, or inflammation which is the original cause of the trouble. There are no opiates, morplain, or other pernicious drugs in Peps, which can be safely used by young and old in any quantity. Of all chemists, or direct from the Peps Pastille arlton Hill, Leeds. a for one-and-three-halfpence per Co.,box or two- n dswell° i-nine form large family size.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19061201_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L..,

===== 0002601_19061201_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

American Boys in our Public Sohools.—Americans are apt to regard their country as far ahead of ours in IPect of public schools and colleges. They have ,7ellefited to an extent, far beyond that of similar insti- Nous in any other country, by enormous sums left them by wealthy citizens, but in spite of this it may be unabted whether the United States have produced an educational system that will compare with the best of cur public schools and colleges. At any rate, many ; Americans do not think so, for they send their sons. to , l'Aon, Wellington, Winchester, Rugby, etc., and among ; the new pupils at the latter school are the two grand- ' sons of the late Mr. Marshal Field, the Chicago dry ' goods millionaire. Their mother, Mrs. Marshall Field, ; luaior, has joined the many wealthy American families, I Who are resident in this country, and has taken the ' country house Ashby St. Lagers, in Warwickshire, in I order to be near her sons, who will both inherit many / millions. The Vagaries of the English Plural.—The young lady 1 With an Anglo-German education, who asked at the I counter of a drapery establishment to] be shown some 1 "blue" may be excused when we find that even the Athenieum Club—that sanctum of learning and literature is unable to master the difficulties of the English Plural. As the club was pestered with rats, the services of more than ono mongoose. or Indian ferret, were engaged to keep them down. It became necessary how- ever to put up a notice, as members fed, and made pets of these little animals, so that that would not trouble to catch the rats, but as there was a doubt about the correct plural, members were requested not to feed " the mongoose." There are few people in fact who Mr. Michael James, of 6, Great Thompson-street would not make slips in hitting upon the correct plurals Witton Park, Durham, said to a local newspaper of difficult words, such as "genus," "vortex," "Oasis," reporter :—" About three years ago I met with a slighs and others, and if we are ever to go in for American reform, perhaps some attempt might be made accident, bruising the skin of my left leg. Some weeks spelling to simplify the difficulties of the English plural. later I found that some form of skin disease was spread- ing to both my legs and parts of my body. 1 was laid Fashions for Dogs.—Paris is always to the fore in Originating up for ilfteen weeks. I gut a little better, and worked riginating fresh tortures for our canine friends, and for other eleven weeks, but then it broke out afresh, therefore the" new knitted golf jerseys " which hail and I was off work for sixteen weeks. A local doctor from the gay capital, will not cause us intense surprise. • treated me for eczema, but three bottles of his medicine These wraps are to be worn by fashionable dogs—to did me no good. quote a leading Parisian paper—when their mistresses ; "with the exception of my face and neck, I was indulge in" le sport. The paper in question seems to covered from head to foot with angry sores, some as have overlooked the fact that no woman who cares for , big as a saucer. My head was covered. For eleven her dog is likely to permit the animal to roam about a whole weeks the itching was so irritating and painful golf course, and also that no person with any sense left that I daren't face the warmth of a bed, and had to sit 1 is likely to think for a moment of swathing her pet in I or lie on a couch downstairs. a golf jersey, fur-lined or wadded overcoat, goloshes, or I "I went to a hospital on the other side of Durham "hoots with soft kid tops laced with ribbon." Neither I city, travelling backwards and forwards for 22 weeks„ is it probable that she will contemplate visiting cards, or lace-trimmed, embroidered, and monogramed hand- I ' when I could no longer afford to go. The disease got kas bad as ever. , Eventually some Zam-Buk wasrgiven kerchiefs for a dog's use. Those women who demand me. I just rubbed some on the back of my left hand, ' such absurdities ought certainly to have their mental and next morning there was a decided difference. I condition strictly inquired into without delay. substitutes continued the applications, and in the course of a week Novel Stoles and Muffs.—Very charming subst , or two I was able to go to work again. I got a proper 1 for fur, are the stoles and muffs of drawn velvet and supply c, e Silk. Thf the and after using about three boxes, 1 balm, ese accessories of course match the costume I was practically clear. Zam-Bult did not take more With which the employed in are worn and at least three shades are , than six weeks to clear me of the disease altogether. narrow in thebuilding them. The stoles are somesvhat .out towards the ends, and the velvetraintiddiAe w dariliceesntisnhgade—is closely gathered at iatervals, upon a moderately stiff foundation. The Stole is liaed with a thin layer of wadding, and silk, and rosettes and frills of silk in three shades, finish off the ends. The drawn velvet muff should be of the darkest of the three shades, frills and rosettes of silk to match those upon the stole ornamenting the sides. and lower edge, /Another novelty in the world of wraps' is the chenille stole. This in shape follows the velvet stole, and is simply giant chenille loosely knitted, with a looped fringe around the ends. These chenille stoles can be obtained in almost every colour, and are exceed- ingly moderate in price. Taxing the Piano.—The piano plays such an important part in the amusement of people during the wintei evenings, that dill proposal to tax it is not likely to Meet with much sympathy, even in France, where pretty I nearly everything is taxed. There is, of course, nothing ; new in the suggestion that pianos should contribute to the State, and such a step is being seriously considered in France. No doubt there are a great many people in this country who would not object to see.their neighbours pianos heavily taxed. To the dwellers in fiats, and some detached houses' the piano is capable of being made an awful nuisance, but they are in a minority, and upon the whole the amount of suffering which the piano inflicts is infinitesimal to the enjoyment that is got out of it. From the earliest Victorian days, it has become the proud and indispensable possession of every home that had a position to keep up, and the State dare not lay hands upon it. Evening Wraps.--An ideal fabric for evening coats, Cloaks and capes, is satin r besting which is really satin with a cashmere back. This new and charming material falls and drapes delightfully,and is exceedingly warm. The leading styles make decidedly for the Picturesque, many models having the Bedouin hood at the back and one side of the cape front—finished at the corner with a large heavy tassel—designed to throw back over the opposite shoulder. Military capes, worn by officers of picturesques regiments, are also being Copied assiduously, and our familiar friend the Rimons is still to the fore. _ Tradespeople's Tips to Servants.—The Prevention of uorruption Act, which comes into force on January Ist text, will doubtless be more honoured in the breach than in the observance. Otherwise it is thought that, after this season, it will aim a deadly blow at the custom of giving Christmas boxes. It makes the giving or receiving of a secret commission, bribe or gift, illegal, and it is said that this would include 'Christmas boxes wherever thereare business relations between the Parties. However this may, there is no doubt that,after the New Year tradespeople making gifts, or giving secret commissions to cooks, butlers, and other servants Will be liable to prosecution, as will also the recipients of such favours. This custom has become so general,

===== 0002601_19061201_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
Coughed Incessantly. Was so Choked Up, Could Hardly Breathe.

" CURED IN A FEW DAYS BY VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. Mrs. WHITE, 103 Grafton Street, Toxteth Park. Liverpool, writes—" My heart overflows with gratitude for the recovery of my two children; I fully expected to lose both cf them, for our doctor could not even relieve them. They coughed incessantly, and were' so choked up could hardly breathe. I had .0 stop up at nights ith them until I was .iorn out myself. My neighbour had a bottle of your Cough Cure in the 12ouse,and we gave them a dose, which relieved them. I at once stopped the doctor's medicine it gave them nothing but your COUGH —,URE. I never knew a medicine to act like it, for they got better in a few days. It is no wonder you call it " Light- hing," for it is the most Wonderful thing I have ever heard of. Words fail to express my thanks. It is a blessing to know of such a remedy. I have bad both tay children photographed and enclose you their Pictures. If you had seen them a month ago you would riot think they age the same children."

it ASK FOR END'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE The purest and most efficient nemedy Procurable for Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Catarrh, Weak Lungs & Children's Coughs. aid., 1/1i and 219 per bottle. 4t 44 ChttllPtS and Drug Stores everywhere.

-__

between tradespeople and servants of customers, that it will astonish not a few to find that it renders both parties liable to imprisonment. Gas Cooking and, Health.—The Coal Smoke Abate - ment Society have been carrying out a series of experi- ments with gas cookers, and have come to the conclu- sion that the products of combustion are not, as is some- times supposed, harmful to food and health. Some people will not have gas cooking for this reason. They think that poisonous fumes are given off from the gas, -and that these contaminate the food, but if the gas stove has a proper flue the Society is satisfied that it is quite free from such objections, from a hygienic point of view. Of course everything depends upon manage- ment, and the great thing is, not to turn on more gas than is necessary, and never at such pressure that it passes through the burners unconsumed. One of the largest of the London gas companies send out women experts to gratuitously instruct customers upon the proper use of gas stoves. It seems at first sight singular that they should do so seeing that they only show people how to obtain the best results with the smallest possible consumption of gas, but that is the whole art of usinga gas cooker, and the company very creditably put the interests of its customers first. MAD GE.

WOMAN'S REALM.

the shoulder and simulating a second and smaller bolero. The fronts which are several inches apart, are turned back with stitched revers of the material and a collar of dark green velvet, and are further ornamented with machine. stitching and largo handsome buttons. A dainty waistcoat of white silk, brocaded with pale tones of green, blue, mauve, and rose, appears in the opening between the fronts. The skirt, cut fairly long all round, is arranged with groups of hori- zontal tucks placed several inches apart. PONY SKIN COATS. There are many things to be had in the way of peltry, says a Globe writer, which not only are as cosy, but also look as well—or almost as well—as their more costly prototypes. Particu- larly successful in this respect is the new sub- stitute for broadtail, pony skin. Pony skin dyed black has a lovely brilliant black hue, and wnen carefully treated the watering is as pretty as and more marked than in broadtail. The advantages of this substitute are twofold. It is vastly cheaper, and it wears twice as well. So soft is the skin of broadtail that it will hardly bear the stitches necessary to hold it together. Pony skin is hard, the hair is short and brilliant, and the effect styleful and pretty. It is mostly used for short and tightly-fitting coats. We saw one the other day which was a triumph in sartorial art. It was an absolutely plain, long-skirted, tightly- fitting coat like a man's morning Coat. It fitted to perfection, the watering marks were matched to ripple out from the, back seam, and seldom have we seen a perfectly plain coat that carried more style than it did. Much of the skin has to be sacrificed in order to get the water markings in the right place. Even so, the price is about a quarter what broadtail would be. Musquash dressed like sealskin is another very successful substitute, and very smart capes and Goats and boleros are made of it. Russian sable, ermine, and chinchilla, the leading furs of this melon, have not been subjected to the sincerest form of flattery with any degree of success. Imi- tations of these finest furs give themselves away without the saving clause of "a pound of tea"! PICTURE HATS AGAIN. Large velvet hats of the "picture" type, after two winters of neglect, have once more returned to fashionable favour. The -charming example pictured in our illustration is sketched from one . of the newest and most modish models freshly imported from Paris,-and is achieved in a beauti- ful shade of purple velvet. The wide and slightly bent brim is quite plain, but the crown is of the Tam-o'-Shanter shape, the velvet being ar- ranged in full rich folds over tba wire frame. At the junction of hat and crown is arranged a tiny band of stitched velvet. Two immense ostrich feathers in. shaded purple tones are

so ha' _ —7r oif bliss ANNIE WHITE (from photo.)

===== 0002601_19061201_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i

===== 0002601_19061201_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT NURSING ASSOCIATION.

Concert In Parr Hall.

It is gratifying to record that public apathy in regard to local concert enterprise gave place for once, on Monday evening, to something approaching adequate recognition. The concert so successfully carried out for the benefit of a deserving public institution will leave many pleasurable remembrances, as well, let us hope, as a substantial balance in cash in the hands of its self-sacrificing promoters. Looking at the announcements, one had a feeling that interest in the concert would largely centre round the re-appearance in Warrington of Miss Evangeline Florence with whom our townspeople have become happily familiar principally through the agency of the Musical Society. But the uniform excellence of much of the singing and playing falsified such expectations. Miss Florence's power of warbling with inimitable grace and finish the bird-songs of David or of vocalising the brilliant wattz-songs of some Italian composers; and her ability to delight' one with a trill graded into the most impalpable of pianissimos, are as unmistakable as ever. Yet this sort of thing has obviously its limitations, and often, as in this instance, it but serves as a foil in setting off the gifts of a restrained yet artistic contralto soloist such as Miss Esther Yunson proved herself to be in one or two quite sombre though soulfully rendered lyrical trifles. Mr. Enalyn Davies's singing impressed us as a distinct advance on what we remember to have heard on the last occasion when he graced the local concert-platform. A. finely resonant tone and an equally fine declamation marked his singing of both "Son of mine" and "The lowland sea "in which songs he may be said to have reached a culminating point of vocal effort. Mr. Bardsley's "Come into the garden Maud" and " Thora ' were quite refreshing in the sense that both these songs have about them a stamina and a trans- parency of purpose conspicuously and painfully lacking in much of that wilderness of lyrical striving after , something never attained which characterises so many of the songs of present-day composers, and of which the programme under notice contained several examples. And although Mr. Bardsley's fine tenor voice became occasionally irritatingly veiled at a critical moment—probably the result of cold—he yet infused into all that he did so high a degree of fervour and expressiveness as to quite capture his audience and bring down upon himself a storm of applause. Among the concerted vocal items there were some genuine tit-bits, in which category must be placed two at least of the clever quartets from Lane-Wilson's cycle, " Flora's holiday, the round, " Buy ! buy ! " deserving especial mention in this connection. Nor did the duet "Nearest and dearest" in which Miss Florence and Miss Yunson were associated prove less engaging nor less entirely successful in hitting the taste of an audience at once discriminating and enthusiastic. If the re-appearance at this concert of Miss Backsheen Wood after a considerable interval may be considered as marking her attainment of the maturity cf her powers as a violin soloist, it would seem that her playing embodies qualities which fall but little short of entitling her to front rank as an exponent of the instrument. In a number of pieces very diversified in subject and interest Miss Wood , demonstrated quite a remarkable facility of execution A MAGAZINE'S RESPONSIBILITY. coupled with a charming daintiness of style, and, The effect of a magazine article was illustrated in a while the tone she produced was now and hen not remarkable manner at the Lincoln Assizes on Monday, t when young labonrer entitled coins. altogether free from scratchiness, there was often a pleaded guilty to manufacturing magazine depth of feeling shewn in her playing which overlaid ‘article ee nk C o niinet e ;Tell! IcLa and overleaped minor blemishes. The pianoforte one who has done time rn for it." He followed the parts of the solos and the accompaniments to the instructions and succeeded in making some florins. songs, played with taste and judgment by Miss Carrie The prisoner bore an excellent character. Mr. Justice Lumbers,were entirely satisfactory. Ridley, in binding him over, said he was surprised at Wyatt's services as a " society enter_ the editor of a respectable magazine publishing the Mr. Linden article. The author deserved once again to go to prison. tamer" maybe regarded as something of a superfluity at an entertainment of this kind. Nevertheless it is tta ' only due to say that his sketches and impersonations, TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY when not too time-worn, had at least the negative Take Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. All Chemists merit of avoiding the tiresomeness which often refund the money lilt fails. E. W. Grove's name on attends such items. each box. is, id

placed on the left side of the het, and curl grace. fully over the brim on to the hair. A large buckle of Cashmere crystal. threaded with a band of velvet, holds these plumes in place. The hat is completed by a thick cache-peigne of shaded purple tulle placed under the brim behind.

iktM!i!MFMN;UMig

- \\ir-.&• ‘ '.4:', Pir,,,,,iora'------ '''*,' ; 4-- '‘.. •.? —= --431J31.,,,f,; 10: / ' ---,...0- _----11.,,!-4;t: -54:tZt, titur. %:-'-l-r- - • .s. ,L., ,Lz. - .• ' t \ '4,.. 4111;k\\•,.''',.-, ',,,N #, -"7-\\ . '''' \, \ , \ \

===== 0002601_19061201_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN IN BUSINESS.

- - It isn't any use in the world foi a woman in business to expect men in business to stand aside in any way, or to make special allowances for her because she is "only a woman," declares a writer in Smith's Weekly. They will compete with her on the basis of business, not on the • basis of sex. In social life they will be courteous and considerate to a woman. But in commerce they can't play the role of big protective brother to women in business. A typist the other day burst into tears because her employer spoke somewhat severely on her neglect in a business matter. She said it was "cruel for a man to talk like that to a "

" r-ta-

ELECTION OF OFFICERS. I The Rev. E. C. E. CARLETON moved the election of the following officers for the ensuing year :—President, I Lord Lilford ; vice-presidents, the Mayor, Rev. Canon Willis, Mr. F. Monks, Lady Greenall, Lady Walker Mrs. Armitage, Mrs. Buckton. Mrs Crosfield, Mrs. Frost, Mrs. H. Greenafl, Mrs. Long, Mrs. Lyon, Mrs. Parr, Mrs. Pierpoint, Mrs. Ridgway and Mrs. Willis; secretaries, Mrs. John Fairclough, Latchford Grange, and Mrs. J. Dutton Fairclough, Thornfield, Latchford ' • treasurer, Mr. F. Monks, com- mittee of management, Mrs. Broadbent, Mrs. Carleton, Mrs. Fairclough, Mrs. John Fairclough, Miss Harding, ing, Mrs. Harrison, Miss Massy, Mrs. Monks, Mrs. Roberts, Mrs. P. Rylands, .Mrs. R. Smith, Mrs. Yonge, Colonel Buckson. Rev. B. C. E. Carleton, Mr. J. Fairclough, Mr. J. Fargher, Dr. Joseph, Dr. Langdale, Mr. Hope. Dr. R. Smith. Mr. G. Thompson, Mr. G. Walker, and the Revs. J. Yonge and Father Wilson ; superintendent, Miss Reeve ; nurses, Miss Moore, Miss McGregor, Miss Jackson, ' Miss Howard ; Financ2 Committee, Mr. Monks, Mr. John Fairclough,Rev.7.Yonge,Mr.Thompson,and the secretary. Mr. JOEIN FAIRCLOUGII seconded, and the motion was agreed to. 4

===== 0002601_19061201_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
SEVERE ECZEMA CURED.

Zam-Buk is Natural and Never-Failing.

The Examiner, Saturday, December 1, 1906.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
NURSING ASSOCIATION

ANNUAL MEETING. The Recent Resignation of Nurses. __,_

The annual meeting of the Warrington District Nursing Association was held on Tuesday evening in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street. Mr. F. Monks, presided over a small audience, which included Mrs. John Fairclough and Mr. J. Dutton Fairclough (secre- taries), the Revs. E. a E. Carleton, C. Harvey Cook and F. Vaughan ; Mr. John Fairclough, Councillor Burton, Mr. J. Rymer_ Young ,and Mr. George Walker.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
ABSENTEE.

Letters of regret at being unable to be present were received from the Rev. J. Yonge and the Rev. J. F Matthews. THE REPORTS. " SATIS7ACTORY WORK CONTINUED." In the ninth annual report the committee stated that the work continued to be very satisfactory. The thanks of the committee were due to all the subscribers and those public bodies whose tontributbns had made so welcome and substantial an addition to the funds. At the beginning of July, 1906, Miss Whitfield, the superintendent, and her two senior nurses, sent in their resignations, and early in .lily left the association. A new superintendent (Miss Reeve) had been engaged.and the committee thought she would give every satisfaction. A fourth nurse also left the town in order to take up work in India, so that the staff would be almost entirely a new one. To the Superintendent and the nurses the warmest thanks were due for their untiring devotion to their duties and the efficient manner in which they were discharged. The late Superintendent (Miss Whitfield) presented her report, in which she thanked Lady Greenall for her generous grants of groceries and clothing; also the Tramways Committee for their grant of free passes, and regretted the withdrawal of both. She thanked Mrs. Crosfield for her kindness in providing for the distribu- tion of groceries in cases of extreme poverty; Miss Darrah, who kindly gave £2 for the purchasing of luxuries for the most needy patients; Miss Naylor for her continued support of, and interest in, the invalid kitchen • Mrs. Lewis, who continued to cook the food free of charge; the authorities of the Technical Institute for supplies of food from the cookery classes for distribution amopg the very poor; Mr. Bellian, for bicycle repairs' ; Mr. R. Whitfield for joiner's work gratuitously done, and also to the anonymous donors of 3s. put through the letter box, and of £1 " for the use of sick and poor," sent by parcel post, together with a nightgown and pillowslip. The summary of cases is as follows :—Cases transferred from last year, 78; new cases, 591: visited once or twice but not entered, 151 ; or a total of 823 ; visits paid, 18,866. The TREASURER (Mr. Monks) submitted a statement of the financial position of the association which stated that it was better than the last, as the association had been able to pay off the debt on the nurses' home of £251 16s. 6d., but the income was still insufficient to meet the current expenses for the maintenance of six nurses. The loss on the year was £36 18s. 3d. after bringing in the balance of the amount collected for the debt on the home. The formation of a Workingmen's Committee in connection with the association had already proved a useful means of helping the finances, and he hoped would enable them.to clear off the exist- ing debt and enable them to add another nurse, bring- ing the staff to the required proportion of one nurse to every 10,000 to the population. THE CHAIRMAN'S_ ADDRESS. •

The CHAIRMAN moved the adoption to the reports He said with regard to the report of the general com- mittee, there was nothing special except with reference to the resignation of Miss Whitfield and some other nurses. He did not wish to say very much, but he thought it would be very unsatisfactory if the nurses after eight years of services did not win the hearts of the people among whom they waked. They had left with good feeling and the hearty good wishes of those they had left behind. At the sametime it did not do to think they were indispensible. Unfortunately two or three of their good subscribers had withdrawn subscriptions from something which had beed said to them in reference to the work of the Association. That could not be helped, and the committee' were conscious that they bad done everything possible and reasonable to make everyone connected with the Association comfortable, and to assist them to their fullest capacity in the work they had to:do. The work would go onjust the same,though perhaps not exactly in the same groove; at any rate it would be as efficient as ever and the subscriptions would be administered to the best advantage. Miss Whitfield's report showed that her work had been efficient up to the time of her leaving. They believed the new superintendent's work would be as efficient and well managed. (Hear, hear.) By the handsome donation of Dr. Markel, just before the close of the financial year, of £25, they had been fable to close with a balance of only £3B to the bad. A new committee had been formed, and they had an excellent example of what they intended to do by the concert given last evening, and he should be surprised if it did not leave a very satisfactory balance after all expenses had been paid. He hoped a more systematic and thorough canvassing and collecting of subscriptions in the works would prove to be a great help, and would do more than make up the deficiency and also any subscrip- tions they might have lost through the tittle-tattle of the last few months. There had been a rumour that the nurses had interfered in politics. Let him say once and for all that as far as he knew the association had nothing to do either with politics or religion. (Applause.) It was work quite outside those subjects, and he hoped it would continue to be outside, so that they could all act harmoniously together with one common object in view, namely the benefit of the poor. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Mr. GEORGE WALKER seconded the adoption of the report and said that the Workingmen's Committee were prepared to do all in their power to assist the Society. The Rev. C. HARVEY COOKE supported and said there were several things in the reports which had been submitted which were calculated to rouse a deeper interest in the association. For instance the medical men of the town had shown a larger personal interest in the association by sending at least 100 more cases than in 1905.(Hear,hear.)The beneficent effect of the work of the nurses in the homes was alluded to. In sick visit- ing very often amongst the poor to go into very stuffy rooms and inhale the atmosphere was a trying experi- ence for a sensitive stomach. One of the things the association was bringing about through its nurses was the accomplishment among housewives of cleaner rooms and fresher air, which was making sick visiting much more agreeable. (Hear, hear.) The result of the year's work had been admirable and useful and he was glad that the debt on the Nurses' Home had been paid off. (Applause.) Questions were asked with reference to the resigna- tion of the nurses, and it was pointed out that it would he better to give an explanation if possible. The CHAIRMAN said that whatever' action the late nurses took had been their own action and not at the request of anyone else. He did not think they did anything in favour of either the Liberal or Conservative Parliamentary candidate. If the nurses bad anything to complain of to a large extent it had been their own fault. The visiting was left to them, and there had been no interference so far as he knew on the part of the committee. If there had been any attempt on the part i of the staff to neglect the poor n favour of the rich committee would be the first to put an end to it when they heard of it. (Applause). Mr. I. RYMER YOUNG said he would like to point out the good work they had done among the poor, by the fact that there were 59-I new cases among them. There had, therefore, been no neglect of work on the part of the nurses. (Hear, hear.) Mrs. YONGH also spoke on behalf of the Ladies' Committee and said that the resignation of the nurses was their own act. The reports were adopted.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THANKS TO THE STAFF.

'Mr. JOHN FA IRCLO UGH moved, and Councillor BURTON seconded a vote of thanks to Miss Reeves and the staff.. .

The CHArnmAti, in putting the resolution to the meeting, said he looked upon the association as an infirmary doing work outside. The Infirmary dealt with cases in the building. Of the two the Nursing Associa- tion was of more importance than the Infirmary,because it not only was a means of restoration to health, but taught the people to preserve their own health. (Hear, hoar and applause). The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman proposed by the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Influenza

AND AFTER. ONE TROUBLE UPON ANOTHER, PAINS IN ALL HIS LIMBS; EVERY ATOM OF STRENGTH GONE; HALF CRAZY WITH NEURALGIA. SET ON HIS FEET AGAIN, WITH NEW LIFE IN HIS VEINS, BY

===== 0002601_19061201_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
OR.WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS

"I felt convinced that I had broken down for good, for, unable to retain food or take medicine and without strength enough to enjoy a smoke, my chance was not worth much." This was the description by Mr. John Cooper, living at 443, Walker-road, Newcastle-on-Tyne, of his disastrous breakdown following an attack of influenza. Mr. Cooper remained a helpless man until he found new strength and health in Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. "What I imagined at first to be an ordinary cold." said Mr. Cooper, "developed until I grew very weak, and was coughing day and night. My whole body felt as though it had been flogged, and every movement caused pain. My chest became inflamed, and each deep breath cut me like a knife.

"I lost my voice, and addition to acute pains in all my limbs, every bit of strength left my back and I legs. In fact, at last I could scarcely walk. I used to perspire terribly, especially at night, when I could obtain but little sleep, but would lie restless and wake- ful until morning; at times I was like a madman with the terrible neuralgia in my head. In spite of medicine and the careful attention of a skilful doctor I seemed to grow worse daily. "Soon I could not retain anything in my stomach; every morsel of nourishment upset me. I grew alarmingly weak, and my heart was so depressed that I feared it would cease beating. My cough took A TURN FOR THE WORSE' and bronchitis was added to my list of troubles. For all the world I was like a dying man despairing of ever being strong enough again for work. Every nerve was racked with neuralgia, my flesh became flabby and I lay day after day unflt for any- thing, and so distressingly nervous and weak I could nor bear the least noise. Friends were

SHOCKED AT MY ALTERED APPEARANCE. Many remedies were suggested, but it was always money wasted, until finally I was advised to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. So I did, but it was only atter I had taken three boxes that I felt much relief. But that relief was pronounced and gave me hopes of getting well "I lost the neuralgia first, and then my legs got stronger. After that I took to eating solid food again f j[i, L DR WILL TAIW • _ without fear of indiges- IN it ,-: tion. Then I breathed ..,4 II •.1 ~ easily. I got about a little v 1 -4 A ,f:i ot \ t: and with improved appe- as I continued the pills, e -, E 0 ,e tite came strength and energy until one after-

_ ENJOYED A. SMOKE ONCE MORE. It was like a new life to me. Then my back grew stronger, and to-day I feel as healthy as ever I was. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills put life into me and drove all poison out of my blood." By steadily supplying Good, Rich Blood, building up the system against the ravages of deadly diseases and restoring lost strength—that is how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People achieve so many wonderful cures. They actually make New, Rich Blood, and so cure all the disorders caused originally by bad blood, such as An2emia, General Weakness, Decline, Backaches, Head- aches, Indigestion, Eczema, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Neuralgia and Paralysis ; also the ailments from which women alone suffer. Sold at shops (but take care that the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, is on every package), or direct from the British Depot, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, post free for 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d.

,OR E, PLY.,

===== 0002601_19061201_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION.

P. W. L. D. For Agt. Pts Latchford Christ Church 9 5 2 2 11 9 12 Warrington Albions Orford Barracks Oughtrington Park 5 5 0 0 17 5 10 Castner Kellner Thelwall 7 3 2 2 10 11 8 Rylands A.F.O ll 3 7 1 11 16 7 Palatine 7 3 4 0 9 9 6 St. Barnabas 7 2 3 2 10 10 6 Halton Villa 8 1 6 1 5 15 3 Golborne SECOND DIVISION.

St. Barnabas Reserve lO 7 1 2 113 5 16 Latchford Crescent l2 7 3 2 33 16 16 Halton A.F.C. Widnes St. Paul's Oughtrington Park Reserve 8 4 1 3 27 7 11 Penketh Athletic 9 4 2 3 21 14 11 Castner Kellner Reserve Warrington St. Paul's Warrington St. Elphin's 11 3 5 3 14 23 9 Christ Church Reserve Orford A.F.C. ll 2 7 3 14 31 7 Albion Res. 1 9 2 5 2 23 21 6 Sankey St. Mary's Rylands Reserve Daresbury 9 1 7 1 8 32 3 Matches for December Ist. Halton Villa v. Rylands'; referee, C. T. Cox. Albions V. Christ Church ; referee, J. Lloyd. Orford Barracks v. Castner Kellner ; referee, W. H. Crowther. St. Barnabas' v. Palatine ; referee, T. Worrall. Halton A.F.C. v. St. Flphin's ; referee, Sgt. Grailey. Christ Church Reserve v. Albion Reserve ; referee, 1. Parry. Rylands' Reserve v. Warrington St. Paul's ; referee, W. Nicholson. Daresbury v. Orford ; referee, H. Mather. Penketh v. Latchford Crescent ; referee, F. Clegg. Castner Kellner Reserve v. Sankey St. Mary's ; referee, L. Riley. Results for November 24th. Rylands 1, Oughtrington Park 3. Golborne 0, Thelwall 3. Castner Kellner 1, Albion 1. Halton A.F.C. 6, Rylands Res 1. Oughtrington Park Res 3, St. Elphin's Res 0, Daresbury 2, Widnes St. Paul's 0. St. Barnabas Res 1, Castner Res 0. Albion Res 3, Latchfort Cres 4. Sankey St. Marys 1, Orford 0.

A WARRI GTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. Singular Proceeding in a Typhoid Case. A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday under the presi- dency of Mr. G. Pilling. There were also present : Mr* Clay, Mrs. Wilkinson, Miss Broadbent, Dr.:llurray, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, T. H. Ashcroft, G. Mather, W. C. Brooks, S. Davies, W. Flanagan, R. Bolton. T.Ptitchie, M. W. Seton, A. Brooks, J. C. Sutton (clerk), J. F. Awbery (Workhouse master). and A. Wright (superin- tendent of Padgate schools). SCARLET FEVER AT PADGATE SCHOOLS. At a meeting of the Padgate Schools Committee, the Medical Officer having reported the occurrence of two cases of scarlet fever and asked for instructions, it was agreed that he and the Superintendent be empowß-ed to take such action as they deemed best in the event of any extension of the outbreak. The question of the remuneration of Fred Yoang, acting as leading hand in painting the homes was considered and it was agreed that he be paid henceforth at the rate of B,ld. per hour. The minutes were approved. HOUSE COMMITTEE.

The House Committee resolved that Mrs. Atkinson, Miss Brown and Miss Brundrit be received as Brabazon ladies in place of Mrs. and Miss Johnson and Miss Roberts, resigned. SUBSCRIPTION TO THE N.S.P.C.C. A letter was read from Mr. Robert J. Pay, director of the N.S.P.C.C„ stating that last year he ventured to bring to the notice of the Board the work the Society was doing to enforce parental responsibility throughout I the country and to ask that in view of the very great value which the work had in the direction of relieving the rates, the Board would subscribe to the funds. His application was not successful, but in renewing it this year he would urge the Board to reconsider the matter, as the Boards of 353 Unions subscribed last year. The local Inspector (Mr. E. Cox) had instructions to assist the officers of the Board by making inquiries in any case they might report to him and by supplying them with any information from the extensive records in his possession as to applicants for relief, tramps, &c. Last year he dealt with cases involving the welfare of 1,058 children. The House Committee recommended the Board to give the letter sympathetic consideration. On the motion of Mr. MATHER, seconded by Mr. DA.VIES, and supported by Mrs. WmxissoN, it was decided to subscribe five guineas. STRANGE PROCEEDING IN A TYPHOW CASE. The Town Clerk of Warrington wrote stating that at a meeting of the Health Committee held last week, it was reported that the body of a person who had died of typhoid fever in the Workhouse had been allowed to be taken out of the Workhouse to the house of relatives. He was instructed to draw the attention of the Board to the serious consequences to public health which might ensue from such a proceeding on the part of the officers at the Workhouse. The committee further directed him to request that the Board would give such instructions as would prevent the repetition of such an notion as that complained of. In reply to the Chairman, Mr. AWBERY was under- stood to say that the facts were correct as far as [he knew.

Mr. ASHCROFT thought the matter a very serious one. -

The CHAIRMAN said improvements were contem- plated in the direction of providing another mortuary so they hoped there would be no similar occurrence. They were very sorry this case had happened. The matter was referred to the House Committee. ROMAN CATHOLIC RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTOR. A letter was read from the Local Government Board stating that remuneration of the Roman Catholic religious instructor at the Workhouse was not subject to the Board's sanction. FEEDING OF SCHOOL CHILDREN' "SENTIMENTAL NONSENSE." Mr. JOLLEY presented an interesting report on the Sth annual meeting of the Association of Poor Law Unions in Englani and Wales which the Clerk and him- self attended. It was, he said, the largest gathering of members yet held. As evidence of the importance of the Association's work it might be noted that during this year's Session of Parliament no less than 2G Bills affecting the powers and duties of Boards of Guars Hans had been introduced. In relation to these add to numerous administrative matters which had been dealt with by the Executive Council it was made clear that that body had accurately interpreted the wishes of the general body of the Asso- ciation, for though its action was criticised by a few melibers of rather extreme views, in every case its recommendations were approved by large majorities. There was considerable discussion upon the feeding of children attending elementary schools, a subject which had been referred to an Inter-departmental Committee and about which a great deal of sentimental nonsense was both talked and written. The suggestion that any large proportion of parents habitually sent their children to school unfed or underfed was an insult to the artisan and labouring classes. The evil, so far as it had any real existence, was almost infinitesimally small and could be quite adequately met by voluntary effort and the agency of the Poor Law. By an overwhelming vote the Association decided to support its Executive in resisting any attempts either by legislative or administrative action to violate the established principles of social and economic science. The cost of vaccination, the question of further legis- lation dealing with vagrancy, several technical matters relating to Assessment and valuation, and the present- tion of the views of the Association to the Royal Commission on the Poor Laws were dealt with. The really representative character of the Association appeared from the discussions, in which though the enthusiasm of energetic ignorance several times mani- fested itself rather noisily, the good sense of the majority ultimately prevailed. Mr. JOLLEY was thanked by the Chairman for his report. _ _

===== 0002601_19061201_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
noon I

3(

===== 0002601_19061201_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
SUFFERED YEARS WITH ECZEMA

Caused a Loss of over £3OO in Wages in Ten Years—Limb Raw as a Piece of Beef—Scalp also Affected—Doctors and Hospitals did no Good. _

===== 0002601_19061201_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
A TRIPLE CURE BY THE CUTICURA REMEDIES

"My eczema has been ten years' stand- ing and it has cost me over ‘3OO in loss of wages. lam a carpenter and joiner by trade. I have been under doctors, and I also attended the skin hospital, but none of them did me any good. When I was at Honey I purchased some of the Cuticura Remedies, and I was working about all the day, not giv- ing my leg a chance, but after purchas- ing 12 sets of the Cuticura Remedies they cured the eczema in my limb. I also had spots on the scalp, but they are all gone now. I have had these sore pimples .50 years. My scalp is now all clean. My eczema was on the right limb from the ankle upwards, which was as raw as a piece of beef. I shall recom- mend the Cuticura Remedies to all I see afflicted with eczema. Publish this statement for all the world, and let any one write to me and I will reply. "I also purchased three vials of Cuti- cura Pills for my wife and they have done her a lot of good. Before taking them she dared hardly to eat anything on account of the pain afterwards; now she can eat anything and plenty of it. She is getting quite fat now and is quite a different woman. I was first advised to try the Cuticura Remedies from a man who lives at Redhill whose father was cured of a bad eczema on the head. No doctors nor hospitals could cure it. After a few applications the whole crust of the head came off and left him a healthy scalp. This man's age was over seventy years. Although lam cured of eczema I shall always have some by me, and use the Cuticura Pills now and then, for I find the Pills keep my head very clear and my appetite good. Chas. Gam brill, 166 High St., Ramsgate, March 7, and April 17, 1906." Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every, it aulow of Infants, Children and Adul,s consists of Cuti.- curs Sap (Is 4 to cleanse the skin, Cuticlulra Ointment t slate vkiiz, ,6 0)C ;sot cpuurA f yP t 1; (glhooocdo. bingle Set often cures. Sold throughout the world. Depots: London, Newbery, 07 Charterhouse Sq.; Paris, Roberts, ,S Rue de in Pax; Potter Drug & Chem. Corp., Sole Props. or Mailed Free, "h. Book on the Skin and Scalp."

EYES TESTED FREE.

BY THE MOST APPRoVED METHOD.

F. H. .RCHER, . 8.0. A. MOST MoDERATFC PRICES FOR SPECTACLES, AND EYEGLASSES PERFECT FIT.

ARCHER & SONS, Specialists, 73, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL. TELSPECONE 5615. RSTARLIEIHED 1848.

BEST FAMILY MEDICINE WORSDELL'S Kaye's Poll • lii Use 100 years. Are a certain cunt for Indigeation, 13iliousness. Headarbe, Dyspepilia. COriatipation, Liver and Kidney Complainta, itc. Invaluable for Ladiee Of all Chemists, 1/li, 2/9, and 4/6 per box, or on receipt Of amount 03, St. George's. Norwich.

7,- 1 \'' I. AP" F.S.M -

===== 0002601_19061201_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOTH-ACHE

CURED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S PrevelteseiL.Xleecasssipstr BURTILGIR, HEADACHE, II by and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Stores, I. Id. or on receipt of amount x 3, ST. GEORGES STREET, NORWICH. ..As a apecific for Toothache it has no equal. I have used it successfully for years,"—Psov, W, Wurforr, M.D.

MERRYWEATHER ON

===== 0002601_19061201_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
,NATEIISUPPLY

FIRE PROTECTION

of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements.

WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS: ifFIRINFITHER & SOS,

£3, LOG ACRE, LOIDOI, 11. C...

ULAAKE'S 841 PILLS are warranted to oara,in either sex, allacquired for constitutional discharges from the Moan,Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Pree from Metrury. Bstablished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4a. M. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through. on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. Ths Liu coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln._ Advt. To MOTEIERB.—Mrs. WrxsLow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their childrzn while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natuarl.quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub:awakes "as bright u buttosl PI all Oberolees is. lid. per bottle.— dvt.

- ' \ ‘.. WORD .'"'l (.'-.'' .fl H ' .4 , v o VISE , /"AL' ....A ~ .., _::,i4.11..., . alp ,= iA C NG FT ' , Pleases People Who are Par-k ' Violater, for boots polished with Crotine keep soft, stay black, and look well ALWAYS, besides ate cleanly to wear. -.1 .1.------ - CROZINE is the popular liquid black I -4-abaolutely free from actcl7 ra , hrom impir, applied imparting a doom t polish of unequalled urability. It too taint matt improves leather, and ta not. itself affected by dampnesg, and will not smut Dor soil the clothing,. At Boot Shops the world orer. The Genuine is Hauthaway's. Made only by ''S. ,24, .... . C. L. HAUTHAWAY & SONS, Inc. rot (Apr BOSTON, MASS., U. S. A. 1111"9... Agents for United Kingdom , a... Z..... co...miss= JOHN S. DEED & SONS, Ltd, , z ~...---. London, England. 111

===== 0002601_19061201_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7,77-7;17,ra ft*

===== 0002601_19061201_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe Oramtner Annes

OF WREIK-BND NBWSPAPRItS COMPRISES : 'llllll WARRINGTON & MID-CFIRSHIRB BXAMINBR. J. published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh Winwick, Padgate Lymm. Ac., being one ot the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper corn- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. 9PHS RUNCORN BXAMINER, published every Saturday _.k. morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. riIEIB WIDNES BRAMINIIII, published every Saturday I. morning. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. Frtni EARLIISTOViN AND NEWTON BXAMINBR, 1. published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the Hews of Barlestown, Newton-la- Willows, Golborne. Havdock, Lowton. Ac. The district thus comprised is s most important part of the Lancashire coal- fields. • • •

TRH ST. HRIAINS EXAMINER, publisted every Saturday morning, circulating in St. Helens, Prescot, Parr, Sutton, Peasley Cross. &c —the centre of the Glees. Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WASTEr. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLE' LOST. MISCELLANEOUS :WANTS. ARTICLES FoUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three silr Thirteen Words. Week. Wee k 1 . Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 81. ... Is. 3d. ... 21. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... 013. 9d. ... Is. 10i. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 36 ... le. ad. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 6e. Ocl. 45 ... 19 3d. ... 3e, Id. ... se, Od. ... 7e. Od. 54 ... Is 6l. ... le i'd. ... 6s. Od. ... IC9. ed.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Bonte,Mit Roerbants, ett.

WASTBD EIKDOSHAL, able to wash; wages 7s. per week. —SALE HOTEL, Sale.

WANTBD, goon MINIMAL ; about 20; no cooking. 29, BOLD ST., BollthpOrt.

IVANTED, a good ORNRIttI.L. Church of England.— Apply HARYTULL RECTORY, Chester.

WANTRD, Young GIRL, to assist with housework.— Apply Mn. WELCH, York-street. Clitheroe.

WANTIM NURSH-GENBRAL ; references required.— Apply 26, BOLTON RD., Moses Gate, near Bolton.

TVANTS!) Young Girl as GENTIRIL. where another ie kept.—SIMMI AND WAIT. 173. Lord it, Southport.

GENERAL WANTED, good borne, kind treetment.— MonsArr.l47 Devonshire ed., Fore.t Hill, London. 8.8.

WHITE'S REGISTRY, 151. LOWER BROUGHTON RD., Salford, Manchester. —Good SERVANTS Wanted at once.

W7ANTED COOK-GENIARAL, experienced, good cook; three maids itept.—Address L. " Examiner" Warrington.

WANTBD, OINI3BAL ; family two, no washing ; wagel £lB to £2o.—Mil3 JOHNSON, 102. Tithebarn rd., Southport.

WANTBD it COO k -GFINBRAL ; no Washing; wages £22.-11.pply MSS HUDSON, 104, Buttermarket at., Warrington.

IV A NTI4D SERVANT. able to manarre dairy preferred. V DANDY. Smith'a Farm, Vines Walton, Leyland. near Preston.

WANI RD, It once, respectable GIRL as General, age 20. Comfortable home.—Write full particulars, 76. FAR% RD.. ROChdale.

WANTRD at once, Mood GENERAL ; age about 20 ; small family.—Apply Mrs. WiLcx, School rd., Sale, near Manchester.

WANTFD GBNBRAL to take all duties ; small family; wages 08 to £2o.—Apply Miss HLIDEIo,r, 104, Butter- rearket Et Warrington.

WANTED GENERAL, very superior. plain cooking : three in f amily : good wages.—Dirs. MARTINDALE Mania. Cheshire.

WANTED Yonng GENERAL, family three; good home, and wages to reliable girt; references.—l&r&. BARLOW , 4 Sandy lane, Stretford,

CompANION Hein, young. musical, abstainer. Domesti- cated.—Particulars, R. 8., do Mr. Usamawoon, Delnmere rd., Soutbsen.

NVANTED a good GENERAL SERVANT, reference required.—Anplv Mrs. Lams, Chatham House, }Deihl,. near Liverpool.

WANTED a good GENBRAL, earty in December ; no washing.—Apoly to Mrs. BARLEY, }Jolly-bank, Orchard rd., Altrincham.

WANTED a nice GIRL for Housework, no washing, good home, 18 to 22 —Mrs. GRAM', Church Villa, Northrnden. Manchester.

1"IV ANTED GIRL, about 18; wash; comfortable home / only one ahild—boy, 5 years of age.—Referances to diassox, Chemist. Darwen.

ViTANTIFID Immediately K COO and iIOOBFIMAID Waitress. Write 4 stating age and refs., PARRY, 195, Palatine rd., West Didtbnyy.

ANTRD two Strong Girls as MINIMILLS ; age abont 23; references regnired.—Apply THE I EMPERINCE HoTEL; 9, Doming st., Wigan.

WANTED yonng GENERAL to wash. Three In family. —Apply by letter. Si. LEONARD'EI, Harboro' rd., Ashton-on-Mersev, near Manchester.

WANTED GENERAL, 18, thoroughly clean and goal character. Lady and two children.—Mrs. Jac]mg, 9, Ellesmere Grove. Llscard, Cheshire.

WANTBD. GiliaitEßAL. country girl. (abont Yin) plain wash; small family; good horne.—Matiani VILLA, Palatine rd., West Dichibury. Manchester.

WANTED good GENERAL for Restaurant, good home. good wages, another kept. Good references—ABwonTs, and Own, Victoria Restanrant, Etalybridge.

T AIINDRESS, head of two. WANTED; salary £22 per _IJ annum. rising £2 annually ; uniform given —Apply 31ATtlots. Isolation Hospital, Swidlownest. near Sheffield.

WANTBD. Inpertoe GRNMIAL ; family 3 (one child) ; plain cooking, washing ; state wages, references.— BARNES, alenthorne, Westwood avenue, Tlmperley.

T" .. ALIIRT " 3, Spring Gardens, MARKET ST. . MANCHE3TER.-74tuattons waiting for superior Generals. also for Cook-Generals and Housemaids, Im.

WANTED MINERAL (newly-Married couple) £2O ; Cook, £25; General, CB, help given; Housemaid, £lB.—Josirs. sa, Market st., Manchester.

WANTBD COOK-GBINBRAL, able to take all duties; for family of three ; references required ; comfortable situation.—Apply Mn. HARDMAN, Ingle Nook, Glossop.

CITUATION WANTED, as Housekeeper, where help la 1,-7 given ; good cook ; sewing, and good manager ; children Pot objected to.—Address &8., 5, Ivanhoe at., Great Lever, Bolton.

WANTED a good GENERAL SERVANT, able to wash and clean ; one used to the public trade preferrel ; good references regulred.—Apply LAME HOTEL, Crescent rd., Duldnfield.

WANT'S!), MINIMAL SERVANT voith good references. Must be able to wash. No young children. Comfort- able borne Fl n d good wages.—Mrs. Luprox, 7, Carlton rd., Burnley, Lane.

7 ARVID sharp GIRL, about 14, as general help in T 1 small family; good character.—Apply by letrerariviog full particulars and personal description to STOTT, 91, Green- bank rd., Rochdale.

WANTED a COOK-OHNBRAL ; email family, good eitnation near Warrington ; wage. £2o.—Wias HIIDEON, IC4, Buttennarket at.. Warrington.

WANTBD, smart GHNBRAL, abont 20; good washer. Ironer, and plain cook ; one child ; help given, com- fortable borne; state wages.—Apply, 4, HEAToN MOOS BD., Heaton Chapel. Stockport.

RS. READ requires experienced COOKS. Housemaid- ill. Waitresses. Cook-Generals, Kitchen-maids and superior Generals. Reliable pIaces.—SELECT REGIiTRY, itusholme, Manchester. Established 26 years A, WONDERFUL DISCOVERY.—This is the age of research and experiment, when all nature, so to speak. is ransacked by the scientific for the comfort and happiness of man. Menne has indeed made giant strides during the past century. and among the—by no means least important—discoveries in medicine coa.es that of THERAPION. .

This preparation is unquestionably one of the most genuine and reliable Patent Medicines ever introduced, and nes been used in the Continental Hospitals by Rieord, Rodin), Jobert. Velpeau, Maisonneuve the well- known Cbauraignac, and Indeed by all who are regarded as authorities in such matters, including the celebrated Laßemand, and Roux, by whom it was some time since uniformly adopted,and that it is worthy the attention of those who require such a remedy we think there Is no doubt. From the time of Aristotle downwards a potent agent in the removal of these diseases has (like the famed philosopher's stone) bsen the object of search of some hopeful generous minds ; and far beyond tbe mere power—lf such could ever have been discovered—of transmuting the baser metals into gold io surely the discovery of a remedy so potent as to replenish the falling energies In the one case.and In the other so effectually, speedily and safely to expel from the system the poisons of acquired or inherited diseases in all their por- teen forms as to leave no taint or trace behind. Such Is THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY, THERAPION, which may certainly rank with. If not take precedence of, many of the discoveries of our day, about which no little ostentation and noise have been made, and the extensive and ever-increasing demand that has been created for this medicine appears to prove that it is destined to east into oblivion all those questionable remedies that were formerly the sole reliance of medical men.—.' Diamond Holds ,Adver- tiger."—Kimberley.—For. particulars of Therapion.in Sngland send stamped, addressed envelope to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, 110LIORD SQ., LONDON, W.O.

fßisffilaneous, en zpale, rte.

VOR wholeeale price list of 31d. and 40. Bazaar goods 1: write SCARR, Market. Leeds.

MAS CARDS.-25 splendid designs, post fre3 Is. 2d.-11. .[X_ FARBER, 199, London cl.. Reading.

FRINGB NBTS, 361 n., 10.1. dozen, post free.—AUBREY, 14, ClamNa at.. Blackfriare, S.B.

HUM&rIM.— IvANB Holywell Salts," sure cure ; 71d. tin, post free.-2 Ward it., Belford.

TRISH LINBN HANDI lICHIFS.-1 doz. box, approval, 2s. 3d. and 31. 3d —HOBERT Co., Dublin.

pRITISH Colonial Stamps ; selections on approval; refer- encee.—STlLL, 429, Nast India rd., London.

DICTUMS POSTCARDS, highly coloured. sample set 6d. —FINE ART Q'., 57, Bank Parade, Burnley.

lIBUMATIO RINGS, Gold cued, is. 7d. post free, send 11 size.—STIRLING, 676, Dumbarton rd., Glaritow.

A DVIrEtTI9II lsy attractive handbills, 4s. 1,000 carr-paid, tal. sample stamp.—HElBMAN, Printer. Daventry.

B 00T DNALERS, write for Price List, 1,000 varieties.— " HOLMES " Warehouse, 31. Newarket at. Leicester.

Quvisa WATCHIIS and Silk Umbrellas given away; L 7 stamp partleulars.--ta•MMOND & CO.. Mitebam. Surrey.

T IFE size portrait on 20 x 16 canvas (from any photo. 1J ss. M.—TESTER 13no8 , International Bledallists.Seatord

~.3a PARIS PICTUIDI POSTCARDS, beautiful assort- U merit, Is. 6d. stamps.—AßT DEPT., rue Therese, 10, Pants.

/ 112 SAL% 2 PIANOS, new, upright grand, overstrung kf ivory keys, no reaeonable offer refused.-89, BuwepY ST., Warrington,

T ADZES DRESS SKIRTS. Black, Navy.—trlmmed 1.4 2s. 11d. Marvellous value.—Box MaacHE DRAPICRY STORES, Reading.

VANCY Paper Decorations, Garlands, Fans, Artificial Ficwers,Balloons, Squeakers, Toy 8.-DOWLER, SUGAR LANE, Manche•ter.

12 HARD PAINTED MIMI Postcards. era'.oesed greet- ing', for 6d.—BsocK,lPrinter, 513 Harrow rol.,London, W. Sample ld.

UNMANAGMABLEI OHlLDlll3l4.—Advice given, home, and schools recommended.—Tcros, 25, Littleton at. Wandsworth, London.

I I's WORTH yr whl a to try Welsh flanneir for warmth, wear, and value from Jons WILLIAMS & Sox, Woollen Blaoufmaturers, Brecon.

8A59119 best selected FI9H ; 71b. 2s. 6d. ; nib. 3..; 141 b. 4..; satisfaction guaranteed. Tom PZIRCII, Fontpon, Grimsby. Carriagead id.

WELSH FLANNELS, nnshrinkable ; direct from Looms at first cost.—Write HOPKIN MORGAIf, Welsh Woollen Mills. Neath, Glam. Estab. 1827.

QTAMP PHOTO.—Dozen on Folding Xmas Cards, dozen mounted, 3s. ; specimen stamp ; silver frame given free —EMERY, 51, Calaley Crescent, Chelsea.

TIUM AN HAIR TAILS ; 18Ins 43. ; 20 53. ; 22 63, ; 241ns. 7s. 61. Greys extra ; semi pattern. postal order.— Joirrso3r. Heir Specialist, Aberystwyth.

TIBBS IS NO oocestoN to wait until you are rich before owing your own house Send a !post card to the H. 5, NORTHERN HOUSE PURCHASE & INVP.SI3II,NT CO.. 27, Chancery Lane, W.C. for their Prospectus wherein it tells of the Roysl road, to become your own landlord. It's the burden of rent paving which keeps one poor, but living in your own house will pave the way to an old age pension.

CHINA MARX/IT BECONDS.—Cheap Bowls,Plates,Cups, Saucers, Jugs, Rm., all In gold decorations, ls. Id. per dozen. In 20, 60. 120 dozen lots. Shop beginner's market large bulk crates, containing dinner, tea, toilet, general assorted crockery, great .varietv. £6 68. with free teaset ; hawkers large cheap orate containing about 1,200 articles, 425; 6d. Write for free lists, cheapest in the trade. —ARTHUR J. HULL. Normacot Works. Normacot rd., Longton, Staffs

BILLIARD TABLE, Elate Bet, bft x Sft., ?darting Board, Flom Cues, Cue Rack, Ivory Ball', complete £2 10s. Also Treadle Fret Sew and Lathe combined with Menlar Saw attachment, complete 171. 6d. Also } Plate Camera Double Extension RE. Lens, Rack and Pinion Revolving Head Tripod Bag; focusessing Cloth ; Book Form Slide (Enlarging Camera .', plate to whole plate) ; large Screen painted both sides ; a bargain, £3 the lot.— J. H. BUIS, 2, Factory it., Tyldeiley.

ligsrtUantous, 0 n gmleg, tte•

pall Moyne Skirt Gauge Company's address IS WELLING- i. TO PLACE, Belfast. Write for particulars.

DHOTO POSTCARDS of yourself, 2s. dozen. Send photo. —GRINBORNE, 29, Danehurst et., Fulham.

BAKH AT HOMH,—British Yeast by post; sample and booklet, 3 StaMpe.—POSTAL YEAST CO., Hull,

I.IOLLBD Gold, acid proof, Curb Bracelet. in caie.— /J STANLEY, 2, Cranswick rd., Bermondsey.

1 D. GOODS.—SAMPLB BOX. 3 dozen is. carriage LEE-MARSIi AND Co., 27. Dickinson it., Manchester.

VOR SALlC—Umbrella, Peent, bergain price ; fortune for 112 moderate capitelist.—Write H. J. BLAKE, Solicitor. Lowestoft.

Tr WELVE Copies, Cabinets. of any photograph, 23. lid.; 1_ Postcards, Is. Bd.—.l3vrictwa, Greendale rd., Port Sunlight.

PIAN° (Walnut case), full compass oroadwood, 7 guineas, 6s. month ; good condltion.—lllarrazwe, 15, Church at., Runcorn.

A MONRY-MAKltit.-10a. a day easily made. No capital 11 required. Particulars 24.—Addrei3 MANAGER, 3, Fern Terrace, Newton Abbot.

PICTURH POSTCARDS.—SpIendid variety samples and list, 2d TEVENSON & Co., Dept. P., 6, St. germane rd , Forest Hill, London.

QMOCKED YOKB COLLARS —Children's. 2i.; Ladies, 1.7 ss. ; directions for no9klng. 7d,—Ml, s GLADWIN, Clydesdale, Cheltenham.

li BIAS PRI9BNT3.-18ct. Rolled Gold handsome Lady' /I. long Guard, or Bracelet, 10s. post tree.— BENSON & Co. 2,Clerkenwell rd., London.

ORIGINAL £lO RHOIPII. Omamnteed reliable remedy for Bronchitis. Post tree P.O. 111.—BICTIRY, 18, Lea Bridge rd., Ciapton, London.

SU ITS 215., Overcoats 20s. Write to the actual manufac- turers for patterns, describing what you want—BARKER 8R09., 69, Clifton it., London.

T ADIRS' Flanellette 810111189, dark or light, 2i. • Flanelette 11 Knickers, chemises, Is. ; our own make.2GREY, 100, Ruskin avenue, that Ham, K.

UNGAGIID Young Ladies should Write to C.H. MARSHALL XII it Co., Marshali's Coroner, Southses, for estalogue of their famous Guinea Trousseaux.

lATHAT'S YOUR PUTURB '—Free 3c1., by FRaintRICK EASTHOPE, celebrated Psychometrist. Astrologer. Spiritual Institute, Neweastle-on-Tyne.

ATEBTRILOQUISM with DIALOGUES. Palmistry with V charts, 6d. each ; FOrtune-tellers' outfit 12 stamps.— PROFESSOR, 1, Merchant lane, Sheffield.

BtrunEns (oath buyers).—Fave money by obtaining prices of our Portable Ranges, Kitcheners, Stoves, eze.— &lasi IRON Co., Percy rd., Leytonstone.

I)OWN QUlLTS.—Wonderful value, 10s. 6d. and 15s. 6d.; money returned if not satisfied ; Blankets wholesale prioes.-31mvs. 61-2, Chancery lane, London.

LEGGINGS.—Finest black or tan hide; smart spring fronts, shaped to leg. Send 6s. 61. and calf measur- ment.—DAnm South et., Farnham.

BAZ&R GOODS (Special), Id. and 60.—Greatest variety and value in the trade.—SALMON &MATTHEWMAN, Ltd , Plough Buildings, Gloucester it., Birmingham.

TIBLICIOUS Seedless Pigs, Banana Putters,Sturfed Dates, LP Frnitarian Cakes ; assmted parcel, carriage paid, 31. ILI&LTH FOOD STORRS, Peas Hill, Cambridge.

CUT ouP, and send for ll!nitrated Price List of our Marvel Door Name Plate, solid brass, raised letters. —Scrrorans. 18, York et., Hemswortb, Wakefield.

(1111 A TEA, TRA.—Fletcher's famous Teas, 3lbs. delicious tea, carriage paid, 4s. 6d. ; sample free ; satisfaction guaranteed.—FLETCHEß. Tea Merchant, Tunbri.lge Wells.

109000,000 PICTI7RE POSTOARDS.—Grid U views, &c. ;26. poet free ed.—Postal order. FLETCHER, Frant rd., Tunbridge Wells.

250 EACH ruled Bill Heads, Memos.. and Business Envelopes (printed face or flap), carriage free. 2.0. 5.. Samples one Stamp —Ati,ans, Printer, Faversham.

DREAM vidHANlNG9.—Protesser Reveille sends meaning of anv Dream for ls. postal order and stamped enve- looe.—Pnor REVEILLE, 38, Brooke rd.. Stoke riewing-ton. N.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, December 1, 1906.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
VIE ante:a

SHIPS' STHWARDS.—How and where tO apply.—Stamp to HoraoranoiC. 15 Pellipar rd.. Woolwich.

VIITHRTAINBRS as provided by us to Royalty. List free (Dept. (k).—OALVERM, Giffnook, Glasgow.

HARI3 and RABBIT SKINS wanted, Good prices given by LINOWOOD BROS. Bran,lon. Suffolk.

SPABB-TI MS /MINT Wanted. No. outlay.—kr. CH &BLEB, 2, Trenholme Terrace, Anerley, London, S.R.

LADIHS required to sell amlling Morn Tea.—.9pply WARD, 29 Rockbourne rd., Forest Hlll, 9,1 i.

WANTED, to purchase mall COUNTRY MOURN, or Cottage —4, BULLER RD , Longolght, Manchester.

WANTED, " Cosy Cornpr " Stamp Coupons. and used Stamps ; proceeds, charity.—COOPEß. Harwell, Berke,

WANTED gooi steady TEAMSHAN, also Servant Girl from 18 to 20.—JanKsoN,Iloaninggata Farm,Ringway.

DAIRY of Pare MILK WANTIM, 12 dozens daily.— Apply JAMXB BIRCHALL, 49, Victory et., Portwood, Stockport.

T o Promissory Notes, Debts, Bourht. any distil:lee; 1 cash down, full value,—B. SMITH BAILEY it Co., '2, Market et., Manehe.ter.

LEPT-OFF CLOTHIO3, old Beote. Sze., olrl Copper, 13rass Lead, Rubber, &e., bogglit for eash.—Bnlrroir, 368 Portobello rd., London W.

rpRANSLATIONS & TYPSIVRITING ; highly recom- 1. mended ; moderate terme.—EXPEBT, 225, Littleton at., Wandeworth, London. Stamp.

A NGRL 0000 AS, 25, CHANTEY RD., Southampton. ti Representatives wanted. All districts. References, security indispensable, immediate.

DIANO-TUNHS. Menu years experience. desires engage ment tor three days per week —Address D. H. Examiner " office. Warrington.

AGSNTS Wanted everywhere, for selling small, neat, useful household novelties. 50 per cent. profit. No samples to bnv.—M tWIC FCN & 00.. Caterham. WANTED, scrap Brass. Copper, Pewter, Marine Shore Goods, Rubber, Champagne Bottles. & Prompt Cash.--OHAPMAN, Meschant. Attercllffe Sheffield.

D BPRBSENTATIVE WANTML—Speeislities every trade. ILL Oils, Varnishes. Printing, Confectionery, Agricultuaal. Bacaptional FAII3I CRFSTLET PAINT WORKS, 14,311.

yOUNG MAN seeks SITUATION on small farm, or work of any kind. Best of hsblts ; also ;good character.— Address HENRY TILLEY, 47. Prlnress at.. Onester.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Ittarbourv, ttr.

ON SALB, ORB H.P.N, GAS BBGINH ; in excellent oondition.—Apply PREST )N.Oldham rd.,31111 Roondele.

STOCK PORT GAS ERGINII, 6-12 h.p., FOR SAT.H ; delivery, Christmas ; seen working.—G. NEEDHAM LTD.. BIOOM Bt., SaltOttl.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
i/ousto anb Zanb an 'ale.

TO Secure your own Freehold Houle; hi. stamp.— BARNES, 10, lhornton Avenue, Oniewlelr, London.

WBSTBOURNH GROVB (elm by).—Three Villas and 2 Shope. all let ; (LW—Particulars of P. FREEMAN & Co., 1, York Buildings. Adelphi, W.C. : 551, York rd., Wandevrortb,S.W. ; and 109, Grange Park rd., Layton Essex.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
En bt tn.

TO LIFF 17, FOLLY LANW—Apply WOODS & Sox -11. Solicitors, Horeemarket Street, Warrinuton.

FllO LT GOOD ROUSH, Parker street, rent 35e. month 1 clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS & SON, SOlieltOrS, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
OFFERED AT

ONE-HALF REGULAR PRICES.

MILLINERS, GLOVERS, & FANCY DRAPERS,

CHURCH STREET AND WILLIAMSON STREET,

===== 0002601_19061201_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
LI VERPOOL.

,

HARDIE a chance of railing against the Govern- ment in the House of Commons. Mr. Kitrit, Hearne never requires much encouragement. He is an avowed enemy of the Liberal party, though he so ofen finds himself compeiled to vote with it. Out of some words of Mr. Aseurrg he professed to extract a declaration that the Government does not intend to deal with the female suffrage question during the life of the present Parliament. There is no real ground for any such inference, or, we feel bonnd to admit,for inference to the contrary ; but if all other ques- tions were cleared out of the way, the woman suffrage question, we may point out, would not become urgent. It would be impossible to bring it forward in the present sessidn, how- ever urgent it might be, and no reason for dealing with it impetuously can possibly arise until - another General Election is approaching. It was stated on Tuesday that woman suffrage has 420 supporters in the House of Commons. These would be much more than sufficient to carry the measure desired. Would it not be wise for the women suffragists to permit their friends in Parlia- ment to do things in their own way and their own time? The fifty votes recorded on the side of the Opposition on Tuesday are certainly no formidable inducement to play into the hands of the Tory Iparty.

It will be a souroe of great £lO,OOO FOR THE gratification locally that the INFIRMARY, subscriptions towards the Infirmary Extension Fund have this week topped the £lO,OOO mark. Just over two-thirds of the required sum have now been subscribed, and building operations can justifiably be commenced forthwith. The response to the call on behalf of Warrington's noblest institution has been most generous and no one can doubt that the full amount of £15,000, large as it is, will be forthcoming in good time. The much-desired round sum of £lO,OOO has this week been reached by the aid of ample contributions from Mr. James Dodds and local companies with which he is closely identified—Messrs. Pearson and Knowles Ltd., and Parkinson's Ltd. The employes of the first- named CoFnpany thus make their sixth monthly instalment and have certainly done a great deal to demonstrate their indebtedness to the Infirmary.

We have before us a copy THE COUNCIL of the Town Council AGENDA, summons and agenda for next Tuesday's meeting. At the same time we are conscious of a distinct feeling of guilt due to the knowledge that we have no right to such a document. Has not the Council decided that the agenda—which contains all Committee minutes—shall be supplied to members and officials only ? The public which elects the members and pays the officials, and the Press which represents all the lot, have to know .nothing of what goes on except such as can be imperfectly gathered at a Council meeting. In the public interest we have waylaid and captured a stray agenda. In it we find a couple of special resolutions by Alderman Tinnion and Councillor Lord respectively, suggesting modifica- tions of the standing order relating to the publica- tion of the minutes and agenda:Alderman Tinnion's motion while it appears to restore the original states quo, omits all reference to the Press. We therefore cast it on oneside and turn to Councillor Lord's proposal,which seems comprehensive enough to suit even the fastidious taste of the public and ourselves. If carried—as we hope it will be— then the agenda, containing all minutes except those of a private nature, will be issued to the Council, the Press, the Property Owners' Associa- tion,the Trades and Labour Council,and any other public body. This is a substantially satisfactory proposition, though we think it is straining a point even in the proper direction of publicity, to supply copies of the minutes to other public bodies. There can be no harm in it, but it seems to us that publication in the Press would have ' amply sufficed. The main point is, however, that the veil of secrecy is to be once more torn aside and the light of day let into the doings of the Obuncil and its committees.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
liflebttal

O LRT, ROUSH and SHOP; 341, Lovelv-lane, Bewley _L end ; three hedrooms, bath and w.e. Rent moderate. —Aprlv 339, LOVELY laws, Warrlneton.

CLEARANCE OF STOCK

FOR RECONSTRUCTION OF BUSINESS,

OR

CHARITABLE PURPOSES.

HUGE LOTS OF HIGH-CLASS GOODS

HENRY MILES & COMPANY

yOUNG'S Headache and Neuralgia Powders cure in lt minute/ ; samples free.—Carswell rd., Calford,Gonlon.

JlVlift Complaints, Indigestion, Nervousness, cured for 81 gend new,— W. MiSADEA. Kidderminster.

Sad. for recipe, Wonderful If mbrocation. Rhen- matlsm and Solatica driven away ; directions given.—A. HANCOCX, 25 Chapman et., West Bromsvl eh.

QULPHADOM a proved and guaranteed cure for Piles or ICI Constipation, cures qnlakiv and permanently. Never known to fail, Is. 3d. —CRUSE, 62, Bt. David's Bill, Bxeter.

IS flllfl Also Coughs, Chilblains. Shen- inatism ; 3 excellent recipes, recoTniB4 cures, 91. each ; three, 1.. 74.—.8ximiov,' X 7 Cecil st., Manche.rer.

A DVICH TO THH SLICHPLESS.—Take the eliable 81teptcg Powders. Sftfe and certain. Is. 1/0. per packet. post free.--PARRVITS. Chemist, Orpington. Kent. riIIAPNHISS and Head Noises Cured; Grand New Treat- ment ; cures thoroughly. Write for hook. free.— SIDDALL INRTITUTE, 282. rheetharn Hill rd.. Manchester.

MDMIL MOLLIB MIIRTAGH (Certificated), treatment for Lumbago, 118, MIRYLEDoNE RD.. London (two minutes Baker it. Tube). 11 to 8 daily, Sundays included.

1/orsts. BogO, Etbt s,totit Szt.

DIGS.— Grand lot of Stores for Sale each week, Ns. to 60e.; 1 delivered free.—U IYLOR, Newton-le-Willows,

riN SALE, BAY MAIM, 15-1, 5 years, also Trip and Harness ; together or separate; At for any lady to drive. —SCHorIELD, 12. Long st., Middleton, Minohester.

50 SHETLAND PONIES 30 to 42 inches, accustomed to children, several matched pairs, carriage paid through llngland.—THOMAS SKINNER, Farmer, Dyce, Aberdeenshire,

HIGH CLASS litter of pedigree black curly retrieve PUPPIES, good stock, £1 each dogs and bitches —Particulars BLLAMS, Alvanley, near He'soy, Warrington

===== 0002601_19061201_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Aele luttiono. BY MESSRS. HICKMAN Jr SON.

THE EXAMINER.

DECHIIIBBR lat 1906.

An unexpected breeze WOMAN AND suddenly rose up in the THE VOTE. House of Commons on Tuesday in connection with the demand for woman's suffrage. Lord ROBERT CECIL, who furnished the occasion, appears to be a fairly good substitute for his brother, Lord HUGH ; but there are some strong, and even strik- ing, differences of character. Lord ROBERT is most like his father, the late MAncitris or SALISBURY, actually was when Mr. DISRAELI called him "a master of gibes and flouts and sneers." He has two main characteeistics— he relies to a quite trying extent on his own presumption, which he supposes to be the presumption of others, that he is entirely above all meanness or subter- fuge; and he considers himself entitled, on the ground of what he believes to be his own entire openness and honesty, to insinuate with a certain wearying persistence that gentlemen on the other side of the House are constantly acting in oppo- sition to their convictions. Perhaps we ought to add, as a third characteristic, that he considers himself able to lay snares in the sight of the bird without the bird in question having the slightest idea that it is in peril. On Tuesday Lord ROBERT CECIL moved a new clause to the Plural Voting Bill. It was innocently described in the orders of the day as dealing with the date of operation of the' Act. As a matter of fact, it was expressed in these , terms :—" This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January after the next General Election, unless before that time an Act shall ' be passed giving to women the franchise on the same terms and conditions upon which it is enjoyed by men, in which case it shall conao into operation on the day fixed for the coming into operation of such last-mentioned Act." To:again make use of an ornithological illustration, this was an attempt to kill two birds with one stone. It would be very convenient indeed for the Conservative party if the Plural Voters Ac t assuming it to have been passed, were not to come into operation until after the next General Election. That would be as good as not passing it at all ; but, then, the proposed new clause also raised the woman's suffrage question. I Lord ROBERT CECIL was quick to see the political advantage of dragging this matter into the arena, just when the suffragettes are at the height of their fame and in the full vigour of their most demons- trative activity. Whether he is really in favour of woman suffrage, nobody knows. His cousin, Mr. BALFOUR, with his usual determination not to commit himself, said that he supposed that his hon. friend was in a way or in the main in favour of the enfranchisement of women. There seems to have been an instant and jeering and certainly appropriate cry of "Ishe ?" Really, nobody knows—apparently not even Mr. BALFOUR, who has long been a woman suffragist himself, and who ought to know. The incident is scarcely worth mention, except as an illustration of the somewhat despicable-little sticks by means of which the Opposition is play- ing the party game in the House of Commons. The object was, in the first place, to further inflame the suffragettes out of doors, and to give Mr. Kmn,

===== 0002601_19061201_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Jbcr- Auism the women to be one of aanizatione.. • General Elect - not in the

Both in point of mew, WOIVIRN LIBERALS. ship and enthusiasm al' Warrington W omen's Liberal Association can claim to be one of our most useful local party organizations. The fact that the long-prepared-for General Election is now laeenseevneendt tohf et ihnet epraesstt oh Ist hnot m ienm bt he rse ne a stth ed eggrreeaet ipnogl questions o nwsa s otfh teh me od saty 8. u eTe ehses faunl neural er mh ee el dt the migration from the Liberal Club to the more commodious Co-operative Hall for this occasion being fully justd by the largely increased attendance. 0.-casion was taken to deliver some excellent and encouraging speeches. Miss Oros- field,who presided,emphasized the fact that during the short time it has been in office the Govern- ment has succeeded in effecting several important progressive changes, and pointed out that it was ' hoped that several great Labour measures would very shortly be on the statute books of the country. She also drew attention to the experiments which are being made in regard to small holdings which should have considerable bearing on future action touching the land question. Miss K. ..4,,thworth Briggs—a young and attractive lady—delivered a most interesting address, her chief subject being Free Trade. Athough this was the great _issue at I the general election and everything was done to make the people understand its tremen- r dons import to the prosperity of the country, it is well that it should:not be allowed to drop. We have it from the advocates of tariff reform that notwith- standing the unmistakable verdict of the country in January, they intend to seize the earliest oppor- tunity of again bringing their proposals forward. It therefore behoves Free Traders to be fully prepared to defend the policy which lies at the base of our commercial success, and as women- -the chancellors of the home exchequer—would be the first to feel any reversion to Protection, they should be to the for when the time comes for another trial of strength.

The Army Council, acting TRADE AND Aums, in accordance with Mr. Haldane's promise to the, House of Commons earlier in the session, have now issued a set of instructions with reference to I the desirability of fitting the soldier while with the colours to find civil employment when he leaves the Army. Practically everyone is agreed that one of the chief drawbacks to recruiting, as far as the better class men of the community are concerned, is the fact that unless the soldier can attain high enough rank to earn a good pension he leaves the Army with but little or no pros- • " pect of spending his declining days in. com- fort. He is unfitted for civilian life by the conditions of service, he knows no trade, and even if he has been a clerk in the Army he finds it but little assistance to him, because the ranks of clerks in civil lire are already overcrowded, The Com- mittee which inquired into the question this year came to the conclusion that something definite might be and should be done to give the soldier a chance of acquiring a trade. There is no real difficulty about the matter, for, as the Committee pointed out, the fact that the Army carries out a great deal of work on its own behalf affords a ready-made school for the learners. Thus' such trades as carpentering, shoeing, and blacksmith's work can be taught in barracks ; railway 'Work is done by Erigineers, and might be taught by the practical tradesmen of the.; corps,eo also would be the case with electrical engineering. Saddlery and harness work, horse and motor driv- ing, butchery, and many other trades come into the daily life of the Army in these times, and there should be little difficulty in arranging for classes. Of course much depends upon the will of officers. The Army Council suggests that the first steps might be taken by a committ of the officers interested in technical inatruction ; ee but the ultimate success of the experiment will unquestionably rest with the regimental ofUcers,to

NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Mr. Carnegie's offer has been further considered" —this is the latest intelligence for Tuesday's Council meeting.

s:s o Terms have been arranged between the Gas Com- mittee and the Beautiful Warrington Society for placing hanging baskets on the lamp-posts in Lovely- lane and Green-street. The Society is taking all responsibility.

* * The Borough Surveyor, Mr. T. Longdin, has had his sixtieth birthday this month and has received the congratulations of his Committee—the Paving and Sewerage Committee. May we also add "many happy returns of the day." * *

A cockroach "found on bananas " has been added to the collection of insects and the like in the Museum. Have any of our readers got a good home-grown speci- men of this domestic pet worthy of a place? * * * The Thane of Glamis and of Cawdor who did such doughty deeds at the local theatre last week should feel flattered by the attentions of the Stockton Heath 'ree-Planting Committee. On Saturday ten trees planted in Cawdor-street by an equal number of * * *

tidies.

What funny, absent-minded, short-memoried people these politicians are ! (says th 3 "Evening Chronicle)" Here is Mr. Balfour twitting Mr. Birrell with inability to understand the clauses of his own Education Bill. And in 1902 Mr. Balfour passed an Education Act to make religious teaching rate-aided, and in 1900 the Court of Appeal held that that Act meant just the opposite. In such strange ways does the English language alter ! * * * _ _

Stockton Heath tree-planters were in high glee on Saturday—for was it not the anniversary of tree- planting day—a day, as Dr. Parker said, that will be for ever memorable in the history of the village , There was quite a surfeit of oratory, and more trees were planted with due ceremony. Judging from he tone of the speeches, all differences on the ques- tion appear to have been sink, and peace once more reigns in the land of the Heathens. . We believe the Board of Guardians will have the ' hearty support of the townspeople in their decision to subscribe to the funds of the N.S.P.C.C. In taking this course they are only following the lead of several hundred other Unions. As was pointed out, the pre- ventive work of the N.S.P.C.C. must in the long rim tend to relieve the call on the ratepayers, and there is no questioning the value to the community of this noble institution.

* * * Alderman Bolton, who made a great effort to retain his membership of the Watch Committee, and succeeded at the meeting on November oth, has since been appointed Deputy-Chairman to the Mayor. The Committee would be stronger without representatives of the brewing interest on its membership, and we hope that at the next appointment of Committees, the Council will thoroughly eliminate this undesirable element from the Watch Committee. We do not ques- tion the honour of the " trade " members in the least, but their presence in such a capacity is contrary to a widely held public opinion. *

Dr. Parker is the humorist of the tree planting

fraternity and he has on several occasion; vastly amused the Heathens by his flights of oratory. On Naturday he excelled himself, his declamations about " lea•lY corridors "and " umbrageous woods " being effective touches to the picture which he drew of °e-I,t°ll Heath as a sort of earthly paradise. He even hinted that so great had been the benefits to the public health of tree planting that the doctors' occupation was almost gone, but he was self-sacrificing enough to implore his hearers, 'ere they dispatched him " impoverished and attentuated " to the Workhouse to rally for another grand effort in the great cause of tree planting. * * * • A few weeks ago (says a "Manchester Guardian" correspondent) the residents in a certain outer suburb were surprised and angry to find the streets pitch . dark for several nights in succession, though the moon was only in its first quarter. Complaints were made to the District Council, and the head lamp- lighter was asked for an explanation. He replied that the almanac said there would be a full moon, and so be turned out the lights, according to instruc- tions. " But didn't you trust your common sense to tell you there was no moon ?" asked a councillor. "Nay," he said, "I trusted th'almanac ; I've 'ad it six year." He was made to produce it; it was an almanac for 1900! 04-

I would summon men and women indiscriminately to serve on juries, just as I would let men and women sit together in the Strangers' Gallery of the House of Commons, in the Press Gallery, and on the Green Benches below. I know that for a long, long time the result would astonish us. Because many women still think with their hearts and not with their heads. But it is astonishing how rapidly the conferment of respon- sibility brings as its concomitant the capacity to 11F9 ithat responsibility appropriately. And, After all „ women as jurymen, as Borough Couneillors,as County, Councillors, and even as Members of Parliament, couldn't very well make more thundering asses of . . 'themselves than some men do.—Dr. Macnamara, M.P., in "London Opinion."

WARRINGTON.

Index to Inside Pages.

PAGE. 2. Funeral of the Late Gluncillor Brough. Warrington Bankruptcy Case. ' Serial : "Written in Scarlet." 3. Women's Chat and Fashions. Nursing Association Concert and Annual I Meeting. Board of Guardians. 6. Garden Suburb Scheme. Local Churches. Children's Corner. District News. 7. Women's Liberal Association Tea Meeting. Rugby Football. Coming Events. The annual concert iri connection with People's College will be held in the Parr Hall on Thursday, December 20th, when a most attractive programme will be presented. The proceeds will be devoted to the Infirmary extension fund and we hope the public support will be generous and that a substantial sum will be handed over to this most deserving object. The plan of eserved seats opens at Messrs. Pearson and Payton's, Bridge-street, on Wednesday next. An exhibition of pictures and other works of art! will be held at the Old Academy on December 6th,7th and Bth. The annual distribution of prizes in connection with the Secondary School and the Soho)]. of Art will be made by Sir Henry Hibbert in the Parr Hall on December 13th. We would remind our readers of the concert which will be held in the Parr Hall on Monday on :behalf of the widow and family of the late Mr. James Fagan. An excellent programme has been arranged and an enjoyable evening is promised. The Farnborough Band and Choir of the Children's Home and Orphanage, Bonner-road, London, is announced to give a musical entertainment and gymnastic display in the Parr Hall on Wednesday, the sth inst. at 7.30 p.m. The Institution from which these children come is one of the largest child-saying Institutions in the coun'try, and now shelters about 1700 children in its ten branches. It was founded in 1869 and is unsectarian in its wortc, children of all creeds and of no creed are alike eligible. The Choir is very popular and the entertainment will prove very I attractive.

WOOD CHIMNEY PIECES, Fire Grates and Tiles. unrivalled selection, inspection invited.—J. S, GARLAND, Builders' Ironmonger, &c„ 51 to 55, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt. Personal. At the annual meeting of the Cheshire Agricultural Society, held at Chester on Tuesday, Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., was unanimously elected president. Warrington 'Male Voice Choir. The members and friends of the ab we, to the number of SO or 100, spent a very pleasurable evening on Thursday at the Winmarleigh Cafe where a very , comprehensive bill of fare in the form of amusements had been provided for their delectation, consisting of dancing, billiards, cards and other games which were freely indulged in. Several vocal items in the way of songs, duets, and chances were rendered at intervals, by the Misses CON and Blackstock, Messrs. Poole, Clay and Hassan and the choir, and were much enjoyed. The dancing was kept up till the early hours to the strains of Mr. Wright's band, when the proceedings were closed by the singing of "Auld lang syne." The catering by the cafe gave general satisfaction.

St. George's Mission.—Young Men's Bible Class. A very interesting presentation took place at St. George's Mission on Saturday last in connection with the Young Men's Bible Class when Mr. Kingdon, one of!the members, was the recipient of a very handsome silver cruet and timepiece on the occasion of his marriage. Mr. Turton, the leader of the class, in making the presentation referred in eulogistic terms to Mr. Kingdon and expressed the hope which he felt sure was shared by all the members, that he and his wife would long be spared to enjoy a happy and prosperous union. Mr. Kingdon in replying briefly thanked all those present for the very handsome gift and assured them of his high appreciation of their many kind remarks and wishes. Band of Hope Concert. The first concert of the season in connection with the Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Band of Hope Society was held in the schoolroom on Monday and was highly successful, there being a very large attendance. 'The proceedings opened with a hymn, after which a lengthy and entertaining programme was submitted. Recitations were given with effect by the Fanny Kirkham, Alice Tindall and May Butler, and Fred Payne. Mr. W. Tinan was heard to advantage in the songs "Mary" and "Evening song," whilst Miss Dame was heartily applauded for her singing of " Zuyder Zee" and " Down the vale." Instrumental selections were given by Mr. T. Boothroyd's banjo quartet party whilst by no means the least successful items were mandoline solos by Miss Broomhead and a mandoline duet by Miss Troomhead and Mr. Boothroyd. The entertainment concluded with the humorous dialogue " Lodgings to let " in which characters were ably , sustained by Miss Hardy and Messrs. E. G-. Rickers, j A. Jones, W. Wilkes and J. Webb.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUNCIL. . ...._____ The Publication of the Minutes.

The monthly meeting of the Council will be held on Tuesday at (3 p.m., when the following special resolutions in addition to the ordinary Committee business will be considered. By Alderman Tinnion : 'The Town Clerk shall issue with the Council stunmons a print of all important minutes passed by the Committees to be taken into consideration by the Council. Elch committee shall decide which minutes Shall be printed, but the whole of the minutes of com- mittee shall be available to members of the Council for inspection and discussion. By Councillor Lord All mitutes of Committees (escept those considered by the respective Committees of a private nature) shall 1 ' be printed upon the Council agenda, and copies shall be rl i, stehse, elle Press, the be Propertysnpplied , Owner's Association, Tradesmen's Association, Trades and Labour Council, and any other public body. All minutes left off the Council Agenda by order of any ' Committee shall be printed on a separate and supple- mentary agenda, this supplemental agenda to also tenderscon- of the Caludn Council, , to members of the Council only." , sent to atolimstemefbeerils By Councillor Stott : BATHING FACILITIES. " That in the opinion of this Council the time has arrived when steps should be taken to provide addi- tional and cheaper Warrington." bathing accommodation in --

"RAFFLES" .a.T THE GAIETY, MANCHESTER. For two weeks at the Gaiety Theatre, commencing on Monday next, Charles Frohman presents" Raffles " the amateur crackstuan, which has undoubtedly been the most successful of all the theatrioalproductions in London this year. In sending the play into the pro- , liuces, Charles Frohman has cast the piece with artistes ' bf equal calibre to those now playing at the Comedy , Theatre, London. Mr. Leonard Boyne. a most versatile actor who takes the character of A. J. Raffles has not played out of London for nearly seven years with the exception of two flying visits to America. Included in the cast are the Misses Basel Thompson, Hilda Stewart, Madge Murray, Beatrice Fitzgerald, Amy Thomas; Messrs. Clifford Brooke, Lewis Edgard. Dalziel Heron, Edmund Breon, Arhur Willoughby Szo. The staging is a special feature of the production and the whole representation equal to that of the Comedy Theatre, London where after 200 performances " Raffles" is still running as briskly as ever. "A Lesson in Shakespeare" are precedes the play and a Matinee will be given each Saturday.

=•1•1•....--

.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, December 1, 1906.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Liberal Soiree.—Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P , to

Attend.

We are informed that Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., will attend the Liberal soiree at the Lion Hotel on Thursday evening next, and deliver a short address. Owing to ill-health and the pressure of business the Member has not been seen in Warrinton since the General Election and his visit next Thursday will undoubtedly be the occasion for a warm welcome from many of his Liberal friends and supporters. Further particulars of the soiree, which will comprise both whist and dancing, are to be found in our advertising columns.

' Hospital Sunday. The annual meeting of the Hospital Sunday Com- mittee was held at the Infirmary yesterday afternoon. Mr. F. Monks presided and there were also present: the Revs. H. V.Pigot, E. C. E. Carleton, Cl. C. Briggs, W. Bracecatnp, John Yonge and C. Harvey Cook, Messrs. John Fairclough, A. J. Jolley (hon. sec..) and J. H. J. Hampson (secretary of the Infirmary).—The I hon. secretary reported that one place of worship I which contributed to the hospital in 1905 failed to do so in 1906 - Six commenced or renewed their contri- butions. On balance there was a net gain of £ll 7s. 2d. I under those heads. The total receipts had been £313 Bs. I increase over last year of £25 is. Of this amount £193 19s. Sd. was collected within and £ll9 Bs. sd. outside the borough. The expenses had been :—For advertising, £l2 14s. sd. ; for stationery and postage, £3 lie. 4d. ; and for special leaflets, of which 14,000 were distributed, £2 16s. 3d. ; a total of £l9 25., as compared with £lB 6s. 9d. last year.—The Chairman moved the adoption of the report.—The Rev. John Yong, in seconding, said it was the best report they had had for four years.—Mr. Jolley said that in point of the number of contributing churches,the report was the best they had ever had.—The report was adopted, —Mr. Jolley was re-elected hon. secretary.—lt was decided that the 10th March be observed as Hospital Sunday next year. - -

TABLE FLOOR, AND HANGING LAMPS in large variety. TABLE, patterns.—J. p. GARLAND, Iron- monger Bridge st., Warrington—Advt. Shorthand Writers' Association, Notwithstanding counter attractions there was a large number of members and friends present at the weekly meeting of this Association held at the Winmarleigh Cafe on Wednesday night last. As the Federation examination is to take place next week, the members took full advantage of the speed practice provided, some of the pieces read taxing the writers to their utmost. Illustrations on the blackb-mrd were given in phonography of unfamiliar outlines and useful nhrases. Mr. H. M. Ashton read an enjoyable paper entitled "A week in Paris." The lecture was delivered

in a delightful manner, a brief resume of a week's holiday in the "gay capital " beina, given, the principal places of interest and the beauti- ful sights to be seen being well portrayed. Interesting and humorous reference was made to some of the characteristics pecular to the French people, and also to the amusement which was caused by the Britisher who, on the slightest provocation, would talk, " French," many of the Lecturer's witticisms creating roars of laughter. It was generally conceded that the paper was one of the best which had so far been given to the Association. At the conclusion of the lecture, the Chairman (Mr. G-. J. Brown, F.1.P.5.,) in the course of a few remarks, mentioned that the Consultative Committee which had been sitting to consider the education question had decided that languages be not taught in our day schools, and it therefore devolved upon 111 would-be students of the French, or any other foreign language, to take full advantage of the courses offered by the v arious evening classes. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Ashton, which he suitably acknow- ledged.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
STRANGE'S A.l. Crystal LAMP OIL in barrels or drums delivered free.--4 Sole agent, J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Methods of the Modern Press.

The methods of a certain section of the modern press were severely criticised at a meeting of the Warring- ton Society held at the Old Academy on Thursday. Mr. E. J. Hall presided over a large attendance.—The discussion was opened by Mr. A. E. Beck who gave an interesting resume of the growth of the periodical and daily press in England. Prior to 1870 he said, the press was not self-supporting and had to be assisted out of the pockets of private persons with thei result at that time the press was earnest and did not I pander to the public. The income from advertisements which had arisen since that time had a great deal to do with the decadence I of the Press. He charged the modern Press first with following and pandering instead of leading and educat- ing ; secondly, that it 'had chavul its idealism from literature to commercialism ; thirdly that it used its circulation to create an artificial demand for unneces- sary articles which it frequently vended ; fourthly, with sensationalism and fif thy with insincerity. —Mr. F. R. Roberts urged that when all was said and done a newspaper was a commercial enterprise. They could not get men to devote their lives to the pursuit of newspaper enterprise and at the same time demand that their fathers should leave them large fortunes in order that they might live, and therefore no one could object to the proprietor of a paper endeavouring to make his publication a commercial success. Mr. Roberts admitted the truth of the charges in respect to a certain section of the Press, but contended that there were many papers about which it could be said that scarcely one word of the charges was not an exaggeration.—On the motion of Mr. 0. Lofthouse, seconded by Alderman Bennett, I Mr. Beck was warmly thanked for introducing the I debate.

PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Death and Funeral of Mr. J. H. Halton.

Many of our readers will deeply regret to hear of the death of Mr. John H. Halton who passed aWay at the residence of his brother (Mr. Thomas Halton),Vine ' Cottage, Great Sankey, on Monday. The deceased, who was fifty-two years of age, had been unwell for some months and had been attended by Dr. Langdale. He first suffered from acute indigestion and although he was able to get out of doors until quite recently serious symptoms developed and he gradually sank Mr. Halton was a Warringtonian, having lived all hi • life at 73, Lovely-lane—the house previously occupied by his late father. He did not take any part in public affairs but was an active business man and was well known and respected by a wide circle. He had long I been identified with Holy Trinity Church and for many years discharged the duties of churchwarden, latterly acting as sidesman. He took the greatest interest in church work and his place will be difficult to fill. The funeral took place at the Cemetery on Thursday afternoon. The first part of the burial service was held in Holy Trinity Church, the Revs. E. C. E. Carleton and H. R. Wild officiating. The hymn " Let saints on earth in concert sing" was sung and as the mourners left the church, Mr. W. B. Randall, who presided at the organ, played "0 Rest in the Lord." The last rites at the graveside were performed by the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton. The chief mourners included: —Mr.T. Halton (brother). Masters Edward, Leslie and Cecil Halton (nephews), Mr. J. Street Halton, Southport (cousin), Messrs. R. Denham, J. Denham and A. Denham . (brothers-in-law),MissGarnett(Southport),Mrs.F.Hurter Mr.W. Leigh and Mr. J.Leigh. Amongst others present were : —The Rev. C. Morgan Price, Messrs. T. Welsby and W. Gill (churchwardens), J. Harding, R. Dobson, E. Rose, W. B. Randall, A. Walsh, E. Dyke and Dr. Braide. Wreaths were sent by the following: —Mr. and Mrs. T. Halton, " Eddie, Cecil and Leslie," Miss Ada Leigh, Mr. and Mrs. S. Street Halton, Rev. E. C. E. and Urs. Carleton, Holy Trinity. Young Men's Association, Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Denham, Mr. H. Denham, Mr. and Mrs. W. Leigh, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Leigh, Mrs. Leigh and family, Mr. and Mrs. Finney and family, Mr. James Harding, Mr. and Mrs. E. Br aide, "Uncle Bould," Miss Garnett,Mrs. Ferdinand Hurter, Mrs. Percy Randall, Mr. and Mrs. Ferguson, Mrs. B. L. Pierpoint and family. The funeral arrangements were in to hands of Messrs. Maginn Brothers.

CRAWFORD'S

"ROYAL GINGER"

BISCUITS.

THE NEW TEA TABLE DELICACY. I

===== 0002601_19061201_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

THE SPEED OF MOTOR CARS.

The Runcorn Rural District Council at their meeting on Tuesday, almost unanimously passed a resolution that the maximum speed limit for motor cars should be reduced from twenty miles to fifteen miles, and that causing excessive noise-vibration should be an offence ; that headlights with a maxiraum candle-power should be fixed; that owner as well as driver should be liable for punishment ; that taxation derived from motor-cars should be devoted to the improvement of roads; and that the scale of taxation in the Royal Commission report should be doubled. DEATH OF MR. T. WITEIINGTON, RUNCORN. Death has removed an old and respected Runcornian in the person of Thomas Withington, of 50, Ashbridge street. The deceased, who Nt as 70 years of age, had been in the employ of the Bridgewater Canal Under- taking as a boiler-maker for 40 years. He gave up work two years ago owing to ill-health, and had been ailing more or less ever since. He had to take to his bed six weeks ago. He was a member of the congregation of the Parish Church. He was associated with the Loyal "William IV." Lodge of the Order of Oddfello ws, and had been through the Past Grand degrees. The funeral 'takes place at Runcorn Cemetery on Wednesday. I TEMPERANCE DEMONSTRATION AT WIDNES. The annual temperance demonstration in connection with the Widnes Free Church Council was held on Sunday and Monday. On Sunday evening a well attended public meeting was held in the Victoria-road Chapel. Councillor D. Lewis presided, and addresses of a temperance charactbr were delivered by the Revs. A. Harvey and W. J. Baker and Mr. T. Dodd. On Mon- day evening a demonstration was held in the chapel. There was again a good attendance which was presided over by his Worship the Mayor (Alderman S. Owens). The Rev. James Watkins, of Liverpool, delivered an address entitled "Three hours in a London Inferno." The other speakers included the Revs. F. R. Bell and Joshua Pedlar. A satisfactory offertory was taken for the work of the Free Church Council. RUNCORN PRIEST'S ERROR. At the meeting of Runcorn Urban Education Com- mittee, on Wednesday, correspondence was submitted in which the Rev. Father Donlevy, of St. Edward's Roman Catholic Church, writing on the 14th inst., intimated that until the end of the week St. Edward's Schools would commce secular instruction at 9 a.m. land finish at 11.30. A long discussion took place on the priest's action in withdrawing Catholic children at 11.30 to take part in a mission. Father Donlevy said that he had taken the action he did in ignorance of the fact that it was against the rules of the authority. Ultimately it was decided that copies of the log-book be forwarded to the Director of Education, together with the opinion of the committee that, having heard Father Donlevy's explanation, they believed it was a departure from the .by-laws through ignorance, and were satisfied that such an irregularity would not occur again. FREE SPEECH AT WIDNES. SALVATION ARMY DErONSTRATION. RELEASED PSISONERS WELCOMED. The five Widnes Salvationist officers, Ensign Catherine Martin, Lieutenant Lazelle, Mrs. Wynn, Miss Kershaw, and Mr. Arthur Cavvsey, who twenty-one days ago were incarcerated in Walton Gaol for the non-pay- ment of fines inflicted for obstructing the free passage of Victoria-square, while holding their Saturday even- ing services, went home to Widnes at 7.48 on Tuesday night. The demonstration held in the Widnes Theatre on November 10th almost set the town enthusiastic with sympathy, and the huge crowd which congregated at the London and North-Western Railway Station on Tuesday evening bore evidence of thestrong resentment towards police interference at the Big Lamp. The Warrington and St. Helens Bands played selections while waiting to welcome the train. To the Drill Hall those who had been imprisoned were conveyed in a landau, dressed in prison uniform. The spacious hall was packed to suffocation, and fully 2,000 were turned away. The presence of the five "convicts" on the platform created a stirring scene and a violent outburst of enthusiasm.- -Salvation Army Colonel Wilson, commander of the North-West Province, took the chair, and numerous letters of sympathy from leading public men up and down the country.—The Rev. A. Harvey said it was not usual for prisoners returning from gaol to be received in such a manner as that. They had not only received a town's welcome, but a civio one. Their five friends had made a noble stand in fighting the people's claim in Widnes, to meet in public orderly assembly in the only available spot worthy of the town. The question at issue was so vital for the whole community that if the Salvation Army retired from the fight others would have to step into the breach and carry on the conflict One shilling and costs, or ten shillings ani costs, did not enter into the question. How could the ' police retreat when the magistrates were show- ing the iron hand? The Homo Secretary must be approached in terms that would be 'unmistakable, for the magistrates upon the bench of I that borough were responsible, and not the Salvation Army, for the unrest that had been created. It was said that the army were obstinate in not accepting the site offered them. They had never been offered a site. Why ; should they ask for a site, when they were perfectly satisfied with the one they had got ?—Lieutenant Lazelle I (a lady) thanked them heartily for the splendid welcome I I they had received. Their suffering had been joy to I them, providing freedom could be gained.—Mrs. Wynn I also spoke.—Ensign Martin and Mr. Arthur Cawse briefly narrated their prison experiences, and they were ready at any moment to go to do duty at the Big Lamp. Commissioner Nicol, who was loudly cheered, said he had been sent from London by his chief, Mr. Bramwell Booth, to convey his warm thanks to the comrades in Widnes for the admirable stand they had made for the maintenance of the moral right to stand in that part of the town to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ. He did not pretend to knowthe full circumstance which led up to the prosecution, but he was glad to find a great body of the public in sympathy with their aim, and he would say emphatically that every man and woman looked upon the action of the police in Widnes as hipocrisy The authorities had displayed a great amount of tactlessness; they had rushed blindly, and did not fore- see how far they would eventually drift. He was anxious for the reputation of Widnes that good order would prevail, and that the quarrel would soon fizzle out—a quirrel for which the Salvation Army was in no way responsible.—The meeting, which was very enthusiastic throughout, was interspersed with hymns in which the whole of the audience joined.

WIDNES POLICE AND SALVATIONISTS. Proceedings at the Salvationists' meeting in Victoria- square, on Saturday evening,were somewhat uneventful. At the usual hour it was evident that the increased fines imposed at the last Petty Sessions were not acting as a deterrent, for ten officers arrived and commenced the usual service. Inspector Blackburn° and a couple of sergeants arrived on the scene soon afterwards, and the names of the following ten officers were taken : Lieutenant Fisher, Birkenhead ; Lieutenant Atkinson, Sutton Oak ; Captain Meredith, Everton ; Ensin Spicer, Warrington; Captain Clarke, Liverpool; Captain Downs, Warrington ' • Lieutenant Winstanley, Litherland ; and LieutenantTupholme,l Thatto Heath. The hymn, " Rock of ages," was sung during the taking of the names. There was no demonstration whatever against the police. Colonel Wilson in the course of an interview, said that the Chief Constable of Lancashire had visited Widnes during the last week and examined the Square. He hinted that the result might be in favour of the " Army."—A good crowd was again present at the service, and the collection appeared to be very satisfactory. EIGHTEEN SALVATIONISTS IN THE POLICE COURT. Widnes Police Court was crowded to suffocation on Thursday when eighteen members of the Salvation Army were summoned for obstructing Victoria-square by holding an open-air meeting. They pleaded,as usual, , not guilty.—lnspector Blackburn and Sergts. White- head and Blackball gave evidence as to obstruction having been caused on the 10th by a crowd of from 1,000 to 1,500 people.—The officers in cross- examination admitted that but for the notoriety brought about by the prosecutions there would have been comparatively no crowd at all.— A number of the Salvation Army officers gave evidence, , declaring that no obstruction had occurred. Major Cunningham said an omnibus and three horses had been driven round the Square and round the Army ring when the meeting was in progress.—Mr.Jager, barrister, of Liverpool, urged that no real obstruction had ever been caused. The evidence was simply that of police- men sent out to look for obstruction.—The Mayor ex- pressed sympathy with the Salvationists, but said the Bench were bound to convict, as obstruction had been proved. They would be fined each 10s. and costs, or 1 seven days.—The Bench dismissed a similar case against Rosa Boorman, a pretty Salvationist lassie, charged in respect of October 27th. WIDNES DOCTOR'S VICISSITUDES.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
ROMANTIC STORY 1N THE BANKRUPTCY

COURT.

At the Liverpool Bankruptcy Court,on Monday,before Mr. Registrar Cooper,Marcus John Eustance,a physician and surgeon who had practised in Widnes, came up for public examination. The statement of affairs shows liabilities of £l5l and net assets of £B9. The bank- rupt related a remarkable history.—An Irishman by birth, he qualified in Dublin and with money received from his .father's estate purchased a practice in Alresford, Hampshire, for £l,OOO. This he retained for a few years, and then sold it for £1,200. He then went to Persia under the Church Missionary Society, and then left that society for the next three years for the purpose of becoming port medical officer and surgeon to tbe British consulate under the Indian Government in the Persian Gulf. Then the Church Missionary Society wanted him back again, so he went to Quetta, Baluchistan, and remained there about seven years. He then come home and went out to East Africa for the Church Missionary Society for six months to stop a smallpox epidemic. He then came home again and went to South Africa.— When the war in that country had concluded he came home, and went out again for the Colonial Office up the Niger. He was next invalided home, and, said the bankrupt, "I was pretty well on my beam ends when I came back." He returned in the summer of 1903 and went to Widnes, where he obtained employment in a foundry as a labourer.—The Official Receiver: Why

did you not go on with your profession ?—Because I was quite broken down in health. I was suffering from fever badly. I was unfit to work, and had no money to start with.—And you could not get anything but labour- ing ?—I thought myself that labouring was the best thing I could go on with for a time—Why ?—I was not nervously or physically fit to do any work. No doctor would take me as an assistant. I had ague three times a week regularly.—The next questions of the Official Receiver revealed a romantic story. An acci- dent had happened at the works where the bankrupt was employed by which a man's arm was broken. The bank- rupt came forward and set the limb in such a style that when the man was taken to the hospital it was discovered that a practised hand had been at work.— Inquiries were made, with the result that the bankrupt who had worked at the foundry under an assumed name revealed himself as a qualified doctor. He then started practice in a small house at Ss. a week, and after a time removed into a better house, and declared that had it not been that a firm of wholesale chemists from whom he ot his drugs had put him in the Bankruptcy Court, he would, have been able to establish himself. —Elections of surgeons to works at Widnes took place annually. He had on two occa- sions lost an appointment of this kind by one vote only, and he believed that had the pressure by the wholesale firm in question not been applied he would have gone on, and would have received an appointment of the kind named, and would then have had no occasion to go into the Bankruptcy Court.—The bankrupt under- took to supply the Official Receiver with information as to the value of book debts, which he has returned as owing to him. On this undertaking the Official Receiver assented to the closing of the public examination.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
ST HELENS.

_CYCLING OUTRAGE NEAR ST. HELENS,

I Miss Jennie Lathom, aged sixteen, who lives at Mill Green, Bold, when cycling along Mill-lane, near an old quarry between St. Helens and Farnworth, on Monday, was attacked by a tramp who knocked her off her bicycle and demanded money. The man noticed that the girl had a watch strapped in a bracelet on her wrist. He demanded this and Miss Lathom told him that if he would let her go she would give him it. She also gave him all the money she had,but the man struck her several times on the head with a stick. She screamed, and on the man noticing that a man was ploughing in a field close by he left Miss Lathom, who was terribly Flistressed and frightened. She made her way home as well as she could and information was given to the police. The man was originally going 1 towards Widnes, but he afterwards went across the fields towards Rainhill.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
DOG SHOW AT ST. HELENS.

_ The South Lancashire Canine Association held its third show at the St. Helens Gymnasium, on Saturday. The show was well patronised, and there were over 400 exhibits. Mr. R. T. Baines judged all the classes. Members' Classes.—Great Dane: J.Judson, Collie : L. Cookson. Dalmatian: J. French. Dalmatian Puppy: Thomas Cook. Spaniel: James A. Baron. Greyhound: J. Rigby. Retriever or Labrador : W. Copple. Bull- dog: L. Leslie. Bull Terrier : J. Gilvrary. Aire- dale : J. Hodgson. Irish Terrier : G. Prudhomme. Fox Terrier (Smooth) : A.Williams. Fox Terrier (rough): Leech and Wright. Rough or Smooth (novice) : H. Trowell. Scotch Terrier : two firsts, Miss E. Fair- hurst. Black and Tan : J. E. Smith. Yorkshire: C. Mitchell. Ditto (novice) ;T. Hardman. Pomeranian: Miss A. Horsfall. Maiden : H. M`Murty. Schipperke: J. Stevenson. Novice: T. Marsh. Pug: J. Houghton. Any Variety Puppy : T. Coop. Any Variety Dog : W. H. Campbell. Any Variety Spaniel: James A. Baron. Under bibs. : C.' Mitchell. Over 101bs. : Leech and Wright. Over 251bs. : L. Cookson. Any Variety Puppy : A. Williams. Open Classes.—Bulldog : L. Crabtree. Bulldog I (limit) : J. W. Mansdell. Novice : J. W. Mansdell. Bull Terrier: James Cooper. Novice : L. Lowe. Retriever (flat-coated) : J. J. Friar. Retriever Setter or Pointer : - W. Procter. Clumbar : B. Roberts. Dalmatain : W. Procter. Novice: Thomas Coop. Collie: W. Fletcher. Collie (rough or smooth) : L. Cookson. Airedale : H. Etchells. Irish : C. D. Mucklow. Novice: J. Thorpe. Puppy: J. Thorpe. Scotch: P. Mather. Novice: P. Mather. Fox Terrier: Two firsts, J. U. Dudson. Maiden : P. H. Roche. Puppy : 'J. Kelsall. Pomeranian: W. Barlow. Novice : H. M'aurty. Schipperke : Miss E. H. Crabtree. York- shire : C. Mitchell. Novice : M. Beard. Pug : L Crabtree. Any Variety Puppy: W. Fletcher. Novice: J. D. Dudson. Order 25 lbs. : W. Proctor. Over 25. lbs. : W. Procter. Selling Class : L. Crabtree Sporting : W. Procter. Non-sporting : L. Crabtree.

SOCIALIST M.P.'S AT ST. HELENS. ADDRESSES BY MR. J. A. SEDDON AND MR. ROSS CLYNES. HUMANISED POLITICS. The St. Helens Socialist Society on Sunday afternoon held a large demonstration at the Hippodrome, Mr. P. Pugh presiding. The Chairman said that what they had to do to-day was largely to prepare the people for the great coming advent of Socialism. Mr. Forsitsw moved a lengthy resolution, expressing satizfaction at the rapid adoption of Socialistic principles in municipal as well as in national legislature, and approving of the vigorous efforts of the Socialistic party to establish among the people a true ideal of civic life, including security of livelihood, for all which the inequitable industrial conditions at present existing could not provide. —Mr. J. Francis seconded.—Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P., supported. He said that individualism was the political gospel of both Liberal and Tory. While they might differ on the platform, at the bottom and base of their political organisations both parties were identical and the same. The social conditions of the country were the result of the workings of centuries, but to-day they had reached the parting of the uays. Every man who had any sympathy for the outworn veteran, for the under-fed school children, for the unemployed men must face tee subject, and inquire whether it was no, possible to formulate a higher philosophy that would bring them nearer to the golden age of the brotherhood of man. (Applause.) It was an absolute falsehood, based upon wilful misrepresentation, to say that Social- ists were Atheists. While Socialism was not a religion, it was nearer to the religion of the Man of Nazareth than any other political faith. Socialism was based on the code of ethics that was common and is still common to Christianity. Mr. Seddon also spoke on the subject of feeding school children, and on the condition of the aged and wornout workers, and the attitude of the present Government towards these questions.— Mr. J. R. Clynes, M.P. of Manchester, also defended the Socialist cause, and said that it was untrue that the Labour party was a class party. Their efforts were directed to the end of obtaining legislative and indus- trial changes to uplift and improve the people as a whole. The political thought of the country was awakened to the justice of their demands, and the Socialists and Labour men were now a great and most important factor in the politics of the country. Referring to the Chinese labour problem, the Prime Minister had been reduced to that state that he said he would leave the question of repattiation of the Chinese to the new Government of South Africa. That meant that the home Government, which permitted Chinese labour to be introduced into South Africa, was now shirking the opposite duty of determining finally and positively that Chinese labour should, end, and were throwing the responsibility upon the shoulders of the colony.—The resolution was carried, after a very quiet and orderly meeting.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON

EARLESTOWN GOOD _TEMPLARS.

...... The usual weekly session was held on Monday evening last in the Primitive Methodist Scholroom, Legh-street, when Bro. W. D. Rose, C.T. presided over a fair attend- ance. One candidate was proposed.—Bro. George Clarke, Earlestown Superintendent, gave a very lucid account of the proceedings of the Quarterly Meeting of South-West Lancashire District Lodge held at Liver- pool on Saturday last, when there was a very large attendance, the local lodge being represented by Bros. George Clarke, E. Newman, T. Dodd and J. F. Singleton.—Business was suspended to introduce the item "sister's surprise " when the Brothers were called upon to do full justice to very substantial refreshments kindly provided by the Sifters to whom a very hearty vote of thanks was accorded.—A very enjoyable evening concluded about 10 p.m. TEMPERANCE MEETINGS IN EARLESTOWN. The last Sunday in November is the day app)intecl by Conference in Methodist circles for making special references to the dire results of intemperance,through out the Empire. On Saturday evening last the Earlestown Wesleyan Band of Hope held its annual festival when an excellent programme of varied items was rendered very satisfactorily to a very large audience, the Rev. Simon C. Hall, resident minister gave a very interest- ing address, and the closing iteni—a dialogue" Veto " was very acceptably given and highly appreciated. On Sunday the subject of temperance was made a very prominent feature at all the services, the Rev. F. W. Beaumont of Preseot, gave two very forceful temper- ance sermons at morning and evening services. In the Sunday school, Mr. Beaumont gave an address to the " Juniors " in the morning when Mr. George Clarke, superintendent was in charge. and in the afternoon he gave a very earne:c address to senior scholars, Mr. William Clare (superintendent,) presiding. At this meeting a number of pledges were taken. —A very interesting meeting was held in the afternoon in the Junior School, when earnest addresses were given by Mr. James Gordon, Mr. George E. Warburton (superintendent), and Mr. George Clarke (superinten- dent) who presided. Miss Maggie Watkins rendered 'a sacred solo very acceptably.—At the Primitive Metho- dist Church, Earlestown, on Sunday last. the Rev. J. H. Rollason, made very pertinent references to the temperance question in the course of his address.— At the afternoon service in the Sunday School, the t choir rendered the musical items and a striking temper- ance service of song "Bart's Joy," Miss Jackson being accompanist, and Mrs. R. H. Jackson giving the con- dective readings very satisfactorily. Mr. T. Dixon pre- sided.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER AND CO., PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS.

LIBERAL CLUB,

Distribution of Bowling Prizes.

One of the most enjoyable concerts ever held at the Liberal Club took place on Thursday evening on the occasion of the distribution of the prizes gained in the bowling competition decided during the summer months. Great interest is taken in this healthful sport by the members of the club, and the games were very keenly contested. The President (Hr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P.) has always been to the fore in encouraging bowls, and this year he again pre- sented a handsome collection of prizes. It was a matter of regret that owing to Parliamentary duties he could not attend to hand them to the winners. The concert, which had been arranged by Mr. E. A. Sanders, was a complete success. There was a large 1 attendance, ladies being invited. Alderman Tianion presided and was supported by Councillor Wilkinson, Messrs. J. E. Warren, James Critchley, J. Worrall, W. Bibby, T. Pemberton (secretary of the club) and others.

An admirable programme was submitted and was highly appreciated. Miss Woodland (soprano), vary sweetly sang " When the heart is young" and was warmly applauded, and later in the even- ing she was heard to equal advantage in another song. Miss Lily Fairhurst possesses a rich contralto voice and she gave inter- pretations of " Kathleen Mavourneen " and "Come back to me"—the latter with its subdued chorus being specially effective. In response to an encore she sang the ever-popular "Killarney." Mr. J. Willett is a very acceptable tenor and he expressively sang " Star of Bethlehem " " An even' song" and as an encore piece, "Good-bye dearest." Mr. P. J. George (baritone) was in excellent voice and gave a fine rendering of "The sailor's grave." Two very pleasing duets were "The elfin call " by Misses Woodland and Fairhurst and "The parting hour " by Miss Fairhurst and Mr.., C. Fairhurst. Concertina solos by Mr. T. Hardman proved popular. The Lyric quartette party (Misses Woodland and Fairhurst, Messrs. R. W. Cook and P. 1 I. J. George) scored a great success in the laughable item " Toothache." Clever conjuring by' Mr. P. Bradford mystified the audience. Mr. E. A. Sanders ' quite maintained his reputation as a humorist,his lecture on" Physiognomy "and recital of the events attendant upon the presentation of "The Liverwing testimonial" creating great mirth. Mr. J. H. Foster acted as accompanist. Before distributing the prizes Alderman TissioN expressed regret that the donor (Mr. A. H. Crosfleld, M.P.) was unavoidably prevented from being present. His Parliamentary duties compelled him to be in London and much as he would have wished to be present to meet his friends of the Liberal Club and present those hand- some prizes, he must bow to the inevitable, and he (Alderman Tinnion) could only express his regret,which be felt sure was shared by everyone present, that the Member was unable to be with them.

Aid. TENSION then presented the prizes to the following: —l, J. Davies, case of cutlery ; 2, M. Tobin, walnut bracket clock • 3 1. Jennings, one dozen table knives and forks ; 4, W. H. Dutton, clock ; 5, J. Smith, cruet ; 6, W. Daintith, salad bowl and servers ; 7, W. Warbur- ton, shaving stand ; 8, R. Fogg, case of carvers ; 9, C. Hibbert, pair of salts in case ; 10, T. Pemberton,pair of gold links ; 11, W. Patrick, pair of cut glass and silver salts • 12, E. J. Mitchell ; 13' J. Welsby, sugar dredger ; 14, T. Cooper, silver-plated butter dish ; 15 G. Vernon, dressing case; 16, J. Wareing, jam dish. Mr. J. E. WARREN moved a vote of thanks to Mr. A. H. Crosfleld, M.P., for presenting the prizes. He said the bowling green had been continuously improving, both as regarded the green itself and the number of members. In 1904 they had 45 members ; in 1905 the number had increased to GO, and in 1903 it stood at 90. (Applause). In the competition for which prizes had been distributed that night, they had seventy-two contestants, and it was fought very keenly. While the improvement of the green had a great deal to do with the success achieved, that success was in no small measure due to the interest Mr. Crosfleld took in it and the valuable prizes which he presented. (Applause). Alderman TISNION said Mr. Crosfield not only took a deep interest in that club but in everything that was for the improvement and enlightment of the town. He was especially intere3ted in the anchinery of the Liberal party and he was a particularly keen supporter of the Liberal Club and of bowling. He (Alderman Tinnion) did not hesitate to say that no one in War- rington had done as much as Mr. Crosfteld to foster and help forward tho grand old game of bowls. It was essentially the workingman's game and it brought out some of the finest qualities a man possessed, as it required patience, skill, tact and judgment. The vote was passed with enthusiasm. A vote of thanks was accorded to the artistes on the proposition of Mr. WORRALL.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
TERRIBLE FATALITY NEAR WARRINGTON.

-- Two Men Drowned In the Ship Canal.

A terrible accident occurred at Acton Grange near Warrington, yesterday. For some time men have been at work painting the lofty railway bridge uhich spans the Manchester Ship Canal and to do this have ! had to operate from cradles slung underneath the structure. The cradles were left suspended when operations ceased on Thursday night and when work was resumed yesterday were apparently perfectly safe, and the men had no hesitation in trusting themselves upon the appliances. Work had been carried on for a shoit time when one end of one of the cradles became detached and swung downwards. Five men were working upon it at the time and almost before they had realized what had happened three of them were precipitated a distance of seventy-five feet into the canal. The other two men succeeded in clinging to the secure end of the cradle and their cries for assistance quickly apprised some men who were working near the scene of the accident, and help was at once forthcoming. Ropes were passed between the girders of the bridge to the two men, and by this means they were extricated from their dangerous position. The three men in the water were seen to be struggling but only one could be reached, the rescuers being forced to stand idly on the canal side and watch the other two men sink. One of these, Walter Reid, Nantwich, was a good swimmer, but he had apparently been partially stunned by the shock and was unable to help himself. Grappling operations were at once commenced and the body of George Pickford, 14, Peel-street, Crewe, was recovered almost immediately but artificial respiration was unavailing. Late yesterday afternoon the bady of Reid had not been recovered. John Davies, Broad-lane, Nantwich, one of the three who fell into the canal was considerably bmised and shaken by the accident but was otherwise unhurt. The two men who clang to the cradle were Thomas Sewell, Con-fields, Nantwich, and Arthur Sbakespear, Wrexham. The cause of the accident is unknown but it is not improbable that the high wind which prevailed was a largely contributing factor. A particularly distressing feature, we understand, was that Reid was to have been married shortly. Later in the day a large crowd assembled to watch the grappling operations which were continued by the Runcorn Grappling Corps under Mr.Byfield.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
CALEDONIAN ASSOCIATION. -- St. Andrew's Day.

Yesterday, loyal Scots throughout the world cele- brated the feast of St. Andrew, their patron saint. Nowhere is the festival more consistently observed than in Warrington and the proceedings at the eighteenth annual dinner of the Warrington Caledonian Association last night were marked with the greatest enthusiasm. Favourite Scottish dishes were partaken of and toasts honoured in true Highland fashion, whilst national and patriotic emblems were freely displayed. The dining room at the Lion Hotel had been specially decorated for the occasion and artistically draped behind the presidential chair, the Scottish Royal ensign and the blue and white banner of St. Andrew formed a fitting centre piece. The popular president of the Association Mr. James Monro, to whose enthusiasm the body owes ; much, presided whilst the vice-chairs were occupied by ; Mr. James Skinner, and Mr. J. A. McGregor. Local Scots and their friends, to the number of 70 were also present. An excellent dinner was served by Mr. John Lee, after which the evening was spent in speech making 1 and sohg. The Royal toasts including "The Duke and , Duchess of Rothesay" were honoured on the opposition of the president. The toast of the evening" Scotland for ever" was entrusted to Mr. A. E. Beck who did it full justice. Other toast were "The Navy, Army and reserve forces," proposed by Mr. W. Skinner and res- ponded to by Colonel Edelsten ; "Corporation and Trade of Warrington," proposed by Captain Crostield and responded to by the Mayor ; "Our Patron "pro- posed by Councillor Fulton Smith, and" Our Guests " and "The President," proposed by Alderman Fors)?aw and Mr. G. Bowman. During the evening musical items were given with success by Messrs. J. L. Daven- port, T. D. Amos, F. Whitehouse, J. B. Poole, and J. A. Westcott.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGLISH CHURCH UNION.

Rev.. John Wakeford on "Dangers and

Necessities." "

THE EDUCATION QUESTION.

IThe annual meeting of the Warrington branch of the English Church Union was held at the Masonic Hall,. Bold-street, on Thursday afternoon, under the presidency of Mr. John White. There was a small attendance including the Rector (Rev. Canon Willis), Rev. IL A. Lester, and Mr. C. S. Burgess (secretary and treasurer.), The Rev. John Wakeford, vicar of St. Margaret's, Anfield, was the principal speaker. Tha following officers were elected :—Chairman, Mr. John White; vice-chairman, Rev. Wilfred Stanton ; secretary and treasurer, Mr. C. S. Burgess ; committee, Rev. J. H. G. Hollingworth, Rev.J. Holden (Antrobus), Mr. G. Egerton Warburton and Mr. H. N. Houghton. The CHAIRMAN, alluding to the report of the Royal Commission on Church discipline, said he supposed it was called together with the intention of cursing the High Church party, but instead it had to a certain extent blessed them. The Commission practically said: "We do not think the Ritualists have done what we approve of, but at the same time they have been more or less justified by the Ornaments Rubric." He thought the matter could be safely left in the hands of Convo- cation and that nothing would arise in any way to interfere with the work of the Church, but on the , contrary good might come of the discussion. He I did not, however, think there would be found in r Convocation any body of men who would be tempted to alter the Orpaments Rubric or the Prayer Book. With regard to Education, the spirit of compromise was abroad. There was nothing to say against compromise as arule, but he felt that in questions concerning the Church when compromise was in the air it was always the Church that had to give way while the other side gave up nothing. He hoped, however, that the protest meetings which had been held would have such weight with the House of Lords that they would not give way further than they had done already. All these attacks on the Prayer Book or on the schools were only part of an organized attempt to reduce the Catholic Church of England to the level of the Protestant sects, and against that it would be the aim of the Union to fight to the bitter end to defend the rights of the Church. (Applause.) The Rev. J. WAKEPORD took for his subject "Dangers and necessities." One danger which he emphasised was that of Erastianisrn. They were, he said, in danger of supposing that in some way the State had a right to interfere in the government of the Church. The supremacy of the Crown was sever the government of the Church by the Crown and whatever rights the Crown ha d,had never been transferred to the House of Commons. lithe House of Commons had any rights in the govern- ment of religion, there were reciprocal obligations with regard to the House of Commons ; it must be composed of Church people. Since they did not pretend that that was the case, it was positively indecent for the House of Commons, released from all obligations of religion, to profess to govern them in the matter of religion. The danger of Erastianism was that if the rulers of the Church were not sufficiently alert, they would get the word, the command and the direction from Parliament and the King's Courts. Churchpeople were not to allow that even now, when *they were threatened with some re-shaping of the Prayer Book—which he could not believe would come about. They were not to allow that any of these changes were to be made from without. They heard of compromise in regard to education. All their difficulty had come from the compromise they were led into in ISt). They ought never to have allowed the setting up of that new-fangled religion in the Board schools but to have boldly claimed that there should be teaching in all public elementary schools of religion as it might be acceptable to the parents. (Applause.) He (Mr. Wake- ford) had always been a Liberal, and he had read the Prime Minister's manifesto with interest. He (the Prime Minister) knew he was talking nonsense ; he had been appealed to a thousand times in private and told that the thing would not do ; he was as well aware as any of them that the Bill was not going to pass in any shape at all ; and he was not unwilling that it should be checked and thrown back by the House of Lords. Mr. Wakeford dealt with the danger of lawlessness arising from State interference, and also empha- sized the duty of teaching the Faith before press- ing matters of ceremonial. He rEgretted that at the Barrow Church Congress it was stated by one speaker that the principles of the Reformation were wholely wrong and that they had only to regret the Reformation right through. He (the speaker) did not regret the Reformation and if a second Reformation of a worse character came they could only attribute it to those persons who tallied so foolishly and acted so wildly. The Reformation was a necessity of the 16th century and they might thank God that it did not leave the Church worse off than it did. They had maintained the Apostolic succession, the Sacraments and the faith of the Primitive Church. (Applause). _

. „ The RECTOR, in movi„ng a vote of thanks to the Rev. J. Wakeford,said things which had been said very extrava- gantly by some people lately had prejudiced the great cause which they had at heart. They had no desire to copy Rome. They had no sympathy with the doctrines and practices distinctive of Rome, and they had no sympathy with those who differed from them on the other They wanted to make it felt that the Church of England was not a Protestant sect, but that it was the Catholic Church in this country. (Applause.) Mr. BURGESS seconded, and the vote was heartily accorded.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
Stack Fire at Latchford.

Last evening the Warrington Fire Brigade were, called out to a fire near Latchford Locks. On arrival they found that two stacks belonging to Mr. T. Ashley, farmer, were well alight. There was a strong wind, and despite the efforts of the brigade the stacks were completely destroyed. The damage is estimated at.. M5O.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Services for Sunday.

Bold-street IN'esleyan Church : Preachers, 1030, Rev. E. J. Gawne; 6.30 Rev. J. Manning. Wycliffe Congregational Church : Preacher, 10.30, and 6.30 Rev. J. Yonge. Evening subject, " The cup of blessing which we bless." Golborne-street Baptist Church. Preacher, 10.30 and 6.30 a student from the Manchester Baptist College. Latchford Baptist Church : Preacher, Rey. J. F. Matthews. Morning subject, "Christ the life ;" in the evening he IA ill deliver a special address to young people,. Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church : Special services will be held in celebration of the 31st anniversary of the church at which t he preacher will be the Rev. George Harbottle. In hil niternn ,n a mu:ical service will be held at which SHlOCLiliai Avill be given by Mrs. Booth Mr. R. H. Pearson, Mr. 7 li• Pa roe. On Monday, the Rev. G. Hai bottle will deliver a lecture on" Grave and Gay."

ALLEGED ASSAULT WITH A GUN. CHARGE AGAINST A BROTHER-IN-LAW.

At the Warrington Occasional Conrt on \Vednesday, Samuel Kelsall, moulder, Clay-lane, Bartonwood, was charged with unlawfully wounding his brother-in-law, James Haverty, a collier. It was stated by the com- plainant that on Wednesday night last week he met the prisoner in Clay-lane as he was returning trom a visit to his father, who lived next door to Kelsall. After using threats, prisoner went into his house and returned with a double-barrelled gun, exclaiming that he would blow the plaintiff's brains out. Whilst turning round to return home, Kelsall struck him a violent blow on the forehead with the butt-end of the gun, inflicting a severe wound, which rendered him unconscious —Sergeant Bannistsr, hearing a disturbance in the neighbourhood, went to the place and found Haverty in a dazed condition, and bleeding from a wound in the head. When arrested in his house prisoner made a remark that Haverty must think himself lucky he had not shot him," and concluded that he would do the same again. On examining the gun, the stock was found to have been broken, end the blow must have been given with considerable force.—ln reply to Mr. Knowles, who defended, complainant denied that he was in the Elm Tree Inn on the night in question, and also denied that he followed the prisoner on his way home.—Subse- quently the chlrge of wounding was withdrawn, and Kelsall was remanded to the Newton Petty Sessions.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD RUNCORNIAN FOUND DROWNED.

- - - - On Wednesday the body of Tames Littlemore, of Vine-street, Runcorn, was taken from the Weaver Canal at Weston. The deceased, who was seventv-Sis years of age, left borne in the morning to go or a walk, ani as he had a cataract in each eye and his sight very defective, it is supposed he strayed into the canal. Mr. Littlemore had been employed at Runcorn docks about half a century.

L ETTERPRESS PRINTING PROSPECTUSES. PROGRAMMES. RULES BOOKS. RECEIPT BOOKS. REPORTS. SHOW CARDS. SUBSCRIPTION LISTS. ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. BALANCE SHEETS TIME BOOKS, MILL WORK, CATALOGUES, EXECUTED AT THE LOWEST PRICE WITH THE GREATEST DESPATCH. JOHN WALKER & CO., BRWSII7 8111311 T, WARRINGTOS

•

===== 0002601_19061201_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
I PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY. 1 1 I

' PUBLI

IT BOOT'COMPANY.

in:14:14

I WAS WEAK AND LOST FLEA. GARDEN SUBURBS. Now I am in Perfect Health ---- By Taking Dr. Cassell's A Warrington Scheme Originated. Flesh-Forming and Strengthening Tablets. ---- The undersigned have met together to disc-18s the , Mrs.HANNAH LICKIS, desirability of forming one or more Garden Suburbs Trinity House, Carr-lane, of the town. The successful enterprises which have Hull, writes, May 9th, been started by" The Ealing Tenants Limited" 1904 :—" I received the w The Garden City Tenants Limited" and similar two boxes of tablets and associations,suggests the possibility of the success of beg to say that some time . ..,...,.. . ago I was under the doctor a similar effort if made in Warrington. It must be with the fever which left clearly undErstood that what is proposed is not a me in a very weak and separate town but a suburb or suburbs for our town reduced state ; ray strength in which working people can reside, and get some of and appetite left me, and I the advantages of the country within easy distance of was completely run down. their work. Whilst every effort should be made to lur tablets have improved make Warrington sanitary and beautiful, it is quite 3 wonderfully in spirits id health. Aly appetite impossible to provide modern houses with gardens and better, my strength has land e sufficient open spaces within t borough. hThe turned, and my flesh in is either already built upon or is too valuable. mch firmer that it was, I The main features of the proposed enterprize are as Ind I have increased in follows : weight considerably.l feel j As much land is bought, or secured by option, as M. H. LICKIS, most grateful and will the capital of the company warrants. It can be reason- recommend you remedy to others." A second letter from Mrs. H. LICKIS, dated May ably expected that land outside can be secured at a 20th, 1905 :—., I sin „closing a recent photograph Of much cheaper rate than land within the borough. The use it. What I told you , .estate • th planned out s a is . no a whole, and everything myself; you are at liberty to in my letter twelve months ago was quite correct. I is done with a view to the future completion of the am perfectly well now and can enjoy my food, and am ' plan. The streets, the sewerage, gas, and water mains in perfect health." are all arranged in advance and made adequate for DR. CASSELL'S FLESH-FORMING future reqirements. Thus the expense and inconven- AND STRENGTHENING TABLETS ience of undoing work is avoided. This often occurs create Nerve, Blood. Healthy Flesh, Strength, Vitality, , f when the individuals or authorities responsible are Prevent Premature Greyness And delay Old Age Appear- ance. The remedy of doctors and scientific men; the ignorant of the direction future developments will perfection of medicine for weak decaying nerves and take. Other economies can be effected which are body in young or old. I Papossible when there are a number of small individual Ask for DR. CassELL's FLESH-FORMING AN : owners. It must also be borne in mind that the rating STRENGTHENING TABLETS, price 'W. and 2s. 9d. per under the neighbouring Rural Councils is much less bottle. Sold by all Chemists, or post free from the ' than within the borough. famous Dr. Cassell's Co., Ltd., King-street West, Man- In regard to the. financial aspect of the scheme, chester. Advice free by letter, following the lead of similar associations, the share Loans will be accepted at about 4 per cent. If practicable the co-operative element will be intro- duced, so as to enable the tenants to share in the sucgess and management of the Company. Slould the scheme meet with the support of the people of Warrington it is hoped that capable business men will be associated with the management, as we deem this essential to its success. The Company will be run on business lines. The only place where philanthropy will come in will be in the shareholders agreeing to take not more than 5 per cent. for their investments. We do not consider that there will be any appreciable risk of loss of any capital. This will be invested in land and houses which cannot run away. "The Ealing Tenants' Limited" have been able to pay the full 5 per cent, on the capital from the second year of their existence, and onwards. If the Warrington Company should prove equally successful, the shareholders will have little reason to complain of the return upon their investment. We trust that the public spirit of the town will manifest itself, and that the citizens will subscribe enough capital to admit of the scheme being started on a sufficiently large scale tc insure its success. All can take part, and the surest guarantee of success will be found in the co- operation of all classes, each subscribing according to its ability. We fully recognise that the public will require time and opportunity to understand what is proposed. We have, therefore, decided to hold meetings at which those who have been actively engaged in similar undertakings will speak. The Beautiful Warrington Society have kindly consented to convene the first meeting. This will be held by the Mayor's courtesv,in the Council r of the Town Hall on Friday, eau\ December 7th, at ree o'clock in the afternoon, and those interested are vited to attend. The meeting will be addressed by _ r. Crossley Greenwood, Organ- izing Secretary of the Co-partnership Tenants' Housing Council.

MORLEY STEVENSON. MARY GARNETT. ARTHUR BENNETT. CHARLES E. PARKER. WILLIAM LONG. TRUDA! CROSFIELD.

,•••;400::.5 • ' '" • •••••• . 4 . , • y 0 • A If! iS ; mr ar

===== 0002601_19061201_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
HUGE ORDERS.

FOR VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE THE WORLD'S STANDARD FOR COUGHS, COLDS, NASAL CATARRH, BRONCIIITIS, ASTHMA, And all Children's Coughs.

On Tuesday, October 23rd, orders were received by THE VENO DREG Co., Cedar Street, Manchester, from wholesale and retail chemists in Great Britain totalling up to over 93,000 bottles of VENo's LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. This establishes a world's record for a single day's business in Cough Medicine, for no other remedy in any part of the world has ever enjoyed such a huge sale. The reason is obvious, VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is infinitely superior in every way to ordinary cough mixtures, cough tablets, or any of the emulsions. Doctors prescribe it, the leading Analysts recommend it for purity, safety. and efficiency, and the great British public have tested it over and over again, to find that this precious golden liquid has saved innumerable lives and prevented endless suffering, especially amongst the little ones. VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE not only radically cures the most stubborn coughs, but strengthens the lungs and gives perfect ease in breathing. Price 90., is. icL, and 2s. 93. All chemists everywhere.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
GARDEN CITY.

In view of the proposal to establish Garden Suburbs in the neighbourhood of Warrington, the following lines,-which were written by Alderman Bennett after attending the Inaugural Ceremony at Garden Citt Letchworth, on the 9th October, 1903, and originally published in "The Daily News," will probably be read with interest :

Grd,m City.

I can hear the children singing in the city, Though the wind-swept fields are bare, And my eyes, which have so oft been moist with pity, In the dawning gladness share; I can see them, with their faces like blown roses, In the spacious streets at play, As the silence of a golden sunset closes, All the gladness of a golden day. I can see the stalwart sons of toil returning, With their bodies clean and strong, To the gardens where the ppppy-fires are burning, And the linnet sings his song; I can see sweet groups of comely women gather In the hush of twilight hours, And can hear the rose-lipped children murmuring As be toils amid the flowers. I." father," And, upon my path with joyful heart proceeding, I can see great sculptured porticos that stand In the shade of spacious highways softly leading To a "green and pleasant land " ; And I rest awhile within a crysta,l palace, Where perennial fountains play, And the water lily lifts its stainless chalice _To the gleaming rainbow spray. And the roar of busy loom, and wheel, and hammer, Comes like music from afar; And no_baleful glare of forges mocks the glamour Of the silver evening star; And no hideous maze of hell-dark chimneys vomit Their black insult to the sky; And the shining host of heaven peering from it, Seem to smile as I pass by. And in vain I look for vulgar taverns reeking In the hot streets of the town ; And I cannot find a slum for all my seeking. As I wander up and down ; But I bear a gust of music in the meadows, And the shouts of honest mirth, Or I watch the lovers strolling in the shadows Of a honeysackled earth. And the weariness, the sinfulness, the squalor, Of the slums and streets I know, And the poor young faces white with early pallor, And the footsteps sad and slow, And the witless curse, the laugh that rings so hollow, And the leer in joyless eyes, And the drunken sleep, the pauper's grave, that follow, And the children's miseties. Were a phantom of an age whose doom is written, Were a horror which I shudder to recall, Were a blot upon the sunny fame of Britain, Were a curse that smites us all; And with grateful eyes, and happy feet, I wander Through these autumn pathways sere, And I seem to see the Golden City yonder In the Garden City here.

a ea a a a a a I can see the people crowning from the alleys, And from reeking court and slum, To the freshness and the verdure of these valleys -- They are singing as they come. And the nightmare of the old life close; And the sickness and the heartache melt away, As they toil with willing hands amid the roses, Where the rainbow fountains play.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ie

===== 0002601_19061201_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
A GUARANTEED CURE FOR PILES, Itching, Blind. Bleeding, or Protruding. All chemists are authorised to refund money if Pazo Ointment fails to cure Piles. Cures ordinary cases in six days. One application gives ease and rest. Pazo Ointment is a new discovery, and the only Pile remedy sold on a posi- tive guarantee. Price 2s. 3d., of all chemists, or from PARIS MEDICINE Co.,

TEMPLE CHAMBERS, LONDON, E.C.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Ssturday, December 1, 1906.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW CAFE FOR WARRINGTON.

A PROMISING ENTERPRISE.

Warrington people will be interested in an under- taking which has been launched this week under very promising auspices and bids fair to be a great success. It takes the form of a handsomely equipped cafe which has been opened at 39, Bridge-street, by a recently formed company known as Atkinson's Cafes Limited. The directors are : —Councillor Wilkinson (chairman), Mr. John Atkinson, ' Mrs. E. Atkinson, Messrs. T. Critchley, J. W. Kay, Joseph Wilkinson, J. Jackson, J. E. Richardson, and Albert Warburton, Mr. A.H. Clive being the secretary. The cafe occupies a commanding position and is an admirable addition to the architectural features of the town. The interior arrangements are of the. most attractive description and the decorations are in the best taste. On entering the visitor finds himself in the counter department which is furnished with wall fittings tastefully set out with fancy goods. A screen divides this room from the cafe proper which presents a very inviting appear- ance. There are five cubicles, upholstered in red leather, providing seating accommodation for thirty persons. The counter department and the cafe are choicely furnished in Dantzic oak inlaid with tulip wood and green and white ornamental woods. The screen partitioning the cafe from the kitchen is of Dantzic oak with inlay in accordance with the design of the building and is glazed with lead lights of very striking colours. The kitchen is most efficiently equipped, the cooking apparatus having been sup- plied by Messrs. Richmond, and there is every facility for indoor and outdoor catering. The general dining-room is on the first floor and will accommodate thirty-six persons. For special occasions, such as whist drives and private parties, the room is capable of seating fifty or sixty visitors. The .decorations are highly artistic and a more com- fortable dining room could not be desired. X hand- some well-lightod billiard-room, with up-to-date table, occupies the second floor. A novel feature is the smoke room in the basement. It has been arranged after the style of a room in an old castle and is a pleasant resort, the appearance being considerably improvedi by a greenhouse intro- duced at what would n ordinary bnsiness premises have served for the goods entrance. There are com- fortable settees and handsome oak tables with tops of beaten copper of special design. The heating and ventilation of the building are on the most approved lines and it is splendidly lighted by electricity. Mr. Albert Warburton, architect, Bold-street, is to be com- plimented on the admirable way in which he has designed and superintended the work. Messrs. W. Hodgkinson Ltd., have been responsible• for the furnishing which quite maintains their high reputation.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
1.13. t. OPENING DINNER.

At the invitation of the directors a large company of ladies and gentlemen assembled in the general dining- room on Tuesday evening for the opening dinner. The proceedings, which were highly enjoyable, were pre- sided over by Councillor Wilkinson. An excellent repast having been served, the usual loyal toasts were honoured.

Mr. ALBERT WARBURTON proposed the health of The Mayor and Mayoress and said that all who knew them accorded them the deepest respect and affection. (Applause.) The Mairott, in responding, said he had not sought the high position in which he had been placed but he was very proud to be chief magistrate of the old town and he hoped with God's help to do what was right and just towards all people. He apologised for the absence of the Mayoress on that occasion. Mr. E. RICHARDSON proposed "The town and trade of Warrington," and incidentally mentioned that the cafe stood on the site of the house in which he was born. On behalf of a large body of tradesmen he wished to express to the Mayor their gratification that he had succeeded to that high and responsible position. The present state of affairs called for judgment and tact and discrimination on the part of the Mayor, and they believed that in Alderman Smethurst they would find those qualities, and that the name of the old town would once more be rehabilitated in the neighbourhood. He had every reason to believe they were in for a pros- perous time in regard to trade in the town. (Applause). He was sure the remarks made by the Mayor when he was elected to the Mayoralty, regarding the need for better means of communication between the different parts of the town, were generally approved by the rate- payers. Something was urgently necessary to bring the different parts of the town more into touch with each another. (Hear, hear.) Another matter was that, whilst they cordially sympathized with the objects of the "Beautiful Warrington Society," the question of the, town's health required more serious consideration. He was afraid there was a tendency to overlook that side of the question: They wanted the town to be beautiful but they also wanted the people to live longer to enjoy it. He would like to see the stigma, that Warrington was the worst paved town in the kingdom, removed. (Hear, bet.r.) We were fortunate in having so many industries in the town and at no time had trade been altogether depressed. At present it was generally in a healthy condition, and he hoped the venture they were Inaugurating that evening would contribute in no small way towards the continued prosperity of the town. (Applause). - Councillor NIELD responded and said the Town Council had done their best to improve the appearance of the town. He thought that caf4 and similar ventures were a proof that the town was making remarkable progress. In trade he thought they were enjoying a degree of prosperity they had not known for years. He was an optimist quite as much as the German Emperor —(laughter)—for he believed that was the right note to strike. They wanted more optimism on the part of their manufacturers. He believed that to some extent they brought about trade depression themselves. When the Lord Mayor of Landon or someone else said we were going to have a slump in trade, people buttoned up their pockets with the result that a slump did come, retrenchment brought about the disaster prophesied. There could be nothing in the way of trade depression that could be really accounted for until all our wants were supplied,and in as much as our wants were multiply- ing fast and furious there was not likely to be any stagnation. He believed we were in for a degree of trade prosperity that we had not hitherto known and that the wakening up of Japan and China and other great countries would provide us with a trade, over and I above that which was require to meet our own demands, I which was calculated to fill us with optimism. He was afraid that up to a few few years ago manufacturers were not only behind in their equipmeat and scienti- fically but they seemed to be possessed with a spirit of despair. He believed they had acted on the Prince of / Wales' advice to "Wake up "and had realized that they I were not justified in being afraid of go-ahead countries ' like United States and Germany and had brought them- selves up-to-date in machinery and organization. , (Applause.) The MAYOR proposed "Prosperity to Atkinson's Cafes, Limited." He referred in highly eulogistic terms to Mr. and Mrs. Atkinson. He hoped the cafe would be a great success and that it would be no hindrance to any similar establishment in the town. They had a good chairman, a good secretary and a good board of directors. (Hear, hear.) Mr. ATKINSON replied and said that Mrs. Atkinson and himself were indebted for the expressions of con- fidence in their ability to manage the undertaking. He ' did not think it would fall short of success through want of effort on their part. (Applause.) Mr. JACKSON submitted "The Contractors," and I remarked that their work had in Ivory respect afforded great satisfcction. (Hear, hear.) Mr. W. RODGKINSON, in responding, said that for the success of his part of the work he owed thanks to his employees for the conscientious performance of their work. He congratulated the Cafe Company on their ' enterprise ; it reflected considerable credit upon them, and the town should be thankful to them for what they had done. In that venture the company had done more ' for the town than had the " spouting" in the town during the last two or three years. (Hear, bear.) Warrington bad been lacking for many years in attrac- tive features and it rested with the inhabitants to make it more inviting. Such establishments as the new cafe assisted materially to make the town attractive to possible visitors, and therefore induced more trade. (Hear, hear). Mr. F. WARBURTON also responded. Mr. E. DRAPER proposed the health of " The Chair- man" and said that in Councillor Wilkinson the company had an asset of considerable value. If he devoted the same amount of attention to the affairs of the company as he did to Corporation work, there need be little doubt as to its success. (Applause). The CHAIRMAN briefly responded. During the evening songs were creditably rendered by Miss Armstrong, NI i 49 May Atkinson, Mr. F. Timperley and Mr. B. Poole. Mr. G. Lomas acted as accompanist.

Labour Bureau. There have been registered during the week 27 persons, making the total number now registered 1,241. IDuring the week 17 have obtained work, and there are now on the register out of employment 213/ persons. The following is a list of the different Itrades :—General labourers, 32; wire trade labourers, 2 ; iron trade labourers, 10 ; other skilled labourers, 8 ' • bricklayers, 7 ; joiners, 3 ; painters, 14 ; clerks and warehousemen, 12 ; engine drivers and stokers, 4 ; carters and vanmen, 11; other sundry trades, 8 ; youths 9 ; charwomen, 30; women and girls for daily cleaning, 19 ; domestic servants, 7 ; men 50 years old and upwards 31.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

The Ede'sten Action. On Moniay the case Of Colonel Edelsten v. ths Warrington Corporation was mentioned to Vice- Chancellor Leigh-Clare at Liverpopl. Mr. Laurence, representing Colonel Edelsten, stated in the presence of Mr. Stewart Deakin (for the Corporation) and Mr. Rutherford (for Alderman Balton), that the parties had agreed to a settlement, and his Lordship made an order according to the terms of settlement.

LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET:AdVt. Spiritualism. . . . .

'Special services were held at the Spiritualist Society's room, Druid's Hall, on Sunday, when addresses were given by Miss Ruth Sage, of Nelson. In the afternoon there was a good audience, but in the evening the hall was crowded, when Miss Sage gave an ddress on "When and how shill we worship God?" followed by a few clairvoyant descriptions. During the service Mr. E. R. Roberts, of Runcorn, effectively rendered "The better lanl " and " Holy City." Mr. Joseph Foster accompanied on the organ. On Monday evening Miss Sage, after a brief address, gave a number of clairvoyant descriptions, being suc- cessful in the majority of cases in obtaining recognition. Popular Penny Concerts. There was again a crowded attendance at the weekly popular penny concert at Bold-street Wesleyan Schoolroom, on Saturday evening, when an enjoyable programme was gone through. Mr. Holland presided. Songs were given with effect by Mrs. Hansen, Miss Carrie Hastings, Mr. J. E. Hannan and Mr. J.Osborne, and a duet by Mr. and Mrs. Hannan was warmly applauded. Several conjuring tricks by Mr. Brown pleased the audience. The humorist was Mr. E. A. Sanders, who provoked much laughter with his recitations. Durum an interval in the programme the Chairman and the Rev. J. Manning referred to the great loss the town had sustained by the death of Councillor Brough, and expressed sorrow for the bereaved family. New Sale Rooms. Warringtonians will remember the old "Swan Hotel "which for many years flourished in the rear of Bridge-street. Some years ago the license of the premises was allowed to lapse and since then the building has undergone considerable alteration and improvement. This has been done at the instigation of Mr. Robert Lowe, B3nk-street, who has adapted the Hotel to the requirements of his business and opened it as a saleroom and warehouse. On the ground floor a large Saleroom has been constructed in which Mr. Lowe s weekly sales will be conducted whilst, the remaining fifteen rooms afford ample accommodation for the storage of goods. The Swan Rooms are easily accessible from Bridge-street, and being central should prove very popular. Mr. Lowe's premises are unique in that they comprise a bit of old Warrington in an excellent state of preservation and afford an interest- ing link between the present and the past. The total area is about 1,000 square yards.

Warrington's Appreciation of Browning. The last of the series of University Extension lectures on" Robert Browning " was delivered in the Co-operative Hall on Wednesday evening by Mr. J. A. Dale, M.A. The lecturer again dealt with "The Ring and the book " and read numerous extracts. He pointed out that the blank verse cvhich Browning used in the poem was extraordinarily uneven, partly by intention and partly by carelessness, but at its best it would be hard to match it anywhere else.—At the close of the lecture Canon Morley Stevenson moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Dale. He was afraid they must sorrowfully confess that to the multitude of people Browning was still not a popular poet and to that must be ascribed the fact that the lectures had not been more largely attended. The lectures had done a great deal to show them that it was worth while to study Browning and to love him. Mr. Dale had mintcd out bow much lay beneath the somewhat rugged style and the obscurity of certain passages, and had shown that it was worth while to dig as they would be sure to get the true metal out of the mine.—Alderman Bertnett seconded. He said he counted about a dozen men in the audience, so that out of 70,000 inhabitants, obviously only about a dozen men thought it worth while to spend an evening listening to a lecture on such a great poet as Browning. It was immensely to the credit of the ladies that they were better represented. Want of interest in poetry was greatly to be deprecated but Browning required more understand- ing than most of our poets. Be, however, only needed to be known to be loved. In this somewhat pessimistic and indifferent age, it was inspiring to find's poet who was so splendidly optimistic.—The vote was heartily I accorded and in responding the lecturer said there were other poets who ranked higher than Browning, bat the influence that Browning had exercised on him had been enormous. With all his faults, when they got'to grips w!th Browning, they were at grips with a man, and a man of tremendous strength and inspiring force.

UNDER via CLocur for Good BOOTS. Advt.— St. Clement's Mission Billiard Club. A most successful smoking concert in connection with this club, under the chairmanship of the Rev. T. W. Barber, was held on Tuesday evening, when a large number of members and friends were enter- tained. The most important item of the evening was the distribution of prizes for the recent Billiard Handicap, to the successful competitors. Before per- forming this function the Rev. T. W. Barber referred to the benefits such institutions conferred upon the community of young men. He said that firstly they acted as a counteracting influence to public-houses, inasmuch as the temptation of friends who might possibly frequent the billiard rooms of such places was to a great extent dispelled. Clubs carried on on teetotal lines had no possibility of any harm. His second reason was, that they caused good feeling and sociability. He thought that that was especially the case in a district like that surrounding St. Clement's Mission. The club formed a centre, where men got to know each other better, and it would be a very great loss if the men went elsewhere for their games. His third poist, was that a Club of that description should be an attachment between men and , the Church. He, personally, very much valued the I intercourse which he obtained with the members of that club and he should like all of them to make a point of returning the compliment, and come to the Mission as often as possible, when they would be sure of a hearty welcome. The prizes were then distri- buted as bllows : —l, A. Proverbs; 2, P, H. Siinkin ; 3, H. Rough; 4, J. Fleming; 5, H. Broadhurst ; 6, T. Gandy. During the evening songs were well rendered by Messrs. J. Wolfenden, F. Sharp, C. .1 Sheath, J. Gray. H. Simkin, F. Miller, John Wainwright, H C. Rhoden and T. Davies, the accompanists being Messrs. T. Davies and J. Wolfenden. After a vote of thanks to the Chairman a most pleasant evening was concluded by the singing of the National Anthem.

" HERALD " KITCHEN RANGES and " Bayern " Fire Grates are hard to beat.—Sole agent, J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Junior Liberal Association.

The weekly meeting of the above association was held on Monday evening in the Liberal Association Rooms, Bewsey-street, when reviews were given from magazines by members of the Review. Committee. Mr. J. Hawthorn presided. Mr. H. Rathbone reviewed an article on "Is the party system honest ?" The writer argued in the negative, and made a plea for what he called groups. The party system created discreditable scenes, and the hi-party system had been in times past, and might be again in the future, the victim of the of the ve., same weaknesses which they so much deplored in foreign Parliaments.. It was impossible for one man to honestly subscribe to the whole Conservative or the whole Liberal fashion of faith, and tl-e group system would greatly facilitate the work of committees. In conclusion, he said that the party system was demoralizing and outworn.—A. review on "Old-age pensions " was then read by Mr. H. Gray (secretary), in which he stated that since the introduction of old-age pensions wages had been increased, shorter hours had been made, and the general condition of the workpeople was better. In 1890, 41,000 persons between the age of 60 and 65, and almost a quarter of a mil!ion over the age of 65, were receiving parish pay. It had been stated that poverty in old age was due to vice, intemperance and thriftlessness, but from facts elicited he found that that was not the case. It had been proved that hundreds of thousands of people who had served many years for their country were left destitute iu their old- age through no fault of•their own, and they could only be dealt with by a universal pension ,scheme. (Applause.) Mr. Gray then gave a review "Blind leaders of the blind," from the "National Review," which dealt in an able manner with the Government's attitude towards reduction in naval and military estimates. A short discussion afterwards took place,

===== 0002601_19061201_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
GASTRIC INFLUENZA.

Bile Beans Banish Severe Pains.

Gastric influenza is very prevalent to-day. It is due to low inflamation of the stomach, and is often one of the after-effects of an attack of inflame, or a severe cold. Bile Beans are an ideal specific for troubles of this nature.

The most prominent symptoms are shooting pains between the shoulders, heaviness and heat at ,the pit of the stomach after food, nausea, irregular appetite, frontal headaches, great weariness, low spirits, and wasting. Bile Beans have achieved wonderful results in many cases of gastric influenza, the pare herbal extracts of which Bile Beans are wholiy composed having the effect of restoring the normal healthy condition of the inflamed linings of the stomach and bowels, regulating the secretion of the gastric juices, and setting the delicate machinery of digestion and nutrition in perfect working order. Miss Emily Walker, of 6, Tenham Avenue, Streatham Hill, S.W., says February I was attacked by gastric influenza. I had severe pains in the side after the fever left me, and I thought it was an attack of I ulceration of the stomach, which I had had some years previously. I could not lie down in bed, nor could I ' cough or sneeze without enduring great pain. As for sleep or rest, that was impossible. "At last I made up my mind to give Bile Beans a trial, and am glad I did so, for I found that they gave me great relief. I kept on with Bile Beans until I was I quite better. Since I have taken Bile Beans my general health has been much better." Bile Beans for Bilioulness may be obtained of all chemists, at is. lid. per box, or 2s. 9d. for box contain- ing 3 times the quantity. Refuse cheap substitutes, and insist on the exact medicine that has proved to yonr friends it can always be relied upon as a cure.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR. LOCAL CHURCHES.

United Bible Class_ Services.

Some 450 men attended a united service in connection with the Church of England Bible classes at Warring- ton which was held on ISunday afternoon in St. Paul's Church. The preacher was the Rev. E. IL Tarbuck (vicar of St. George's, Altrincham, and a former Vicar of St. Paul's Church), who took for his text the words: "That I may know Him and the power of His ressurrec- tion," Philippians iii. part of tenth verse. The rev. gentleman commented upon the importance of unity, and said it was a splendid idea on the part of the mem- bers of the Church of England Bible classes in Warring- ton to join together and to be thus united in Church work. Churchmen had already set the lead with regard to the education question, and he looked to the present service as being part of a great forward movement. The collection was in aid of the church renovation fund.

incliffe P.S.A. Mr: B. Farrar, the hon. secretary of the Wyoliffe P.S.A. Society, presided over the meeting held on Sunday and spoke upon "Personal effort." It was, he said, well for each one to ask himself if he had done everything he could for the prosperity of the Brother- hood. Although they could not fully estimate the results of their efforts, as they were called upon to do and be, a large gathering gave a bigger sphere of use- fulness. At the same time the biggest good was not obtained from the largest assemblies. They must not despise small beginnings, as it was God who gave the result. He referred to Mr. Spurgeon's small beginning* , in a Methodist Chapel. and the great good accomplished since in the name of his Lord and Master. Mr. Barbery, of Oldham, gave an interesting address upon " Bringing in the sheaves," and drew some useful lessons from the ancient temple in the days of our Lord, reminding the audience that then, and since, the sheaves had and would bebrought in to the honour of the Lord. Mr. C. Cotton also took part in the meeting. Mr. W. H. Payton pre- ided at the organ.

Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church. On Sunday morning the Rev. Joseph Manning prelched from the text "Put not a stumbling block in the way of my people." The last Sunday in November is always recognised by the \ Methodist Churches as Temperance Sunday, so Mr. Manning made special reference to the evils of drinking and gambling in our midst. All adult abstainers *were asked to leave their names in the porch on quitting the building, so that an estimate of their numbers might be formed. In the evening the Rev. John Gunnell preached from the text "And the Angel of the Lord appeared unto the woman and said unto her 'Now therefore beware, I pray thee and drink not wine nor strong drink,'" Judges xiii. v. 3 and 4. His theme was the terrible increase of drinking habits among women—secret drinking in many cases, rendered possible by grocers' licences. He reminded his hearers that the English. as a race, had been saved from physical degeneration, though all these ages of heavy drinking among the men brthe sobriety of the women, and mentioned John Burn's recent words of advice to the working classes, that they should attempt to amelior- ate their own conditions by striving to overcome their growing habits of excessive drinking and gambling. At the Wesleyan Guild on Monday night Mr. W. Silcock gave a lecture 3n "The rise and progress of English literature." Mr. E. J. Guest, B.A.,J.f.;presided. Mr. J. Upson proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman and Lecturer which was a heartily accorded.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
The Founder of the Y.M.C.A. Sermon by the Rev. John Yonge.

Preaching at Wycliffe Church, on Sunday evening, the Rev. John Yonge took for his subject, "A true Christian Knight: Lessons from the Life of Sir George Williams, founder of the Y.111.C.A." The text was selected from Philippians i. part of the 21st verse: "To me to live is Christ." The rev, gentleman, at the outset, pointed out that he had been reading with the deepest interest the recently published memoir of Sir George Williams, who, amid every token of public honour, was buried in St. Paul's Cathedral in November of last year. He happened to be in London on the day of the funeral, and was passing across the foot of Ludgate-hill, when he found the busy traffic stopped by a long procession of carriages conveying the great company gathered to pay the deceased the last earthly honours. The spectacle might have led an onlooker to suppose that some personage belonging to the highest rank of nobility, of art, letters, science or war was being carried to his grave. It was related that a French woman in the crowd as she looked on the scene asked "Who is this? Was hes, very rich man?" "Yes," said one who stood by her, "he was a man very rich in good works." In actual fact it was the funeral of a most successful tradesman and merchant, of one who had risen from the ranks, beginning his career, however, and pursuing it to the end with the supreme resolve that he would be first, foremost, and always a Christian. He devoted his time, energy and opportunity and, as he gained them' his influence and his wealth, to the supreme service of Jesus Christ. It was that fact of his life which had compelled these high honours of sepulture in the Metropolitan Cathedral, amid so vast a concodrso of men of all parties and sects and classes. Sir George Williams created for him- self a name, held in high honour all over the world as the founder of the Y.NI.C.A., and it would be a matter of regret to some at any rate that that cosmo- politan institution should never have gained favourable or permanent establishment in Warrington. But be not wish to dwell at any length on the Y.M.C.A. It I might be said that its history was not without instances 1 of failure. It might be deemed by some that certain of its rules and regulations and theological ideas were I cramped and narrow but they might freely speak of it as a splendid development of a splendid idea, affording flee testimony to the good that might come from a young men's prayer meeting. The preacher gave an interesting sketch of the life of the founder of the Y.H.C.A., from which many valuable lessons were derived. His biographer said of Sir George that be did not attempt to serve God and mammon— "He served God and made mammon serve him," "I conceive it to be my duty," he said, "as God gives me grace to do it, to sanctify everything in the Lord, to bay and sell, to engage young men, to pay them their salaries, to give them social comforts, all as to the Lord," and his whole life attested his sincerity in those I high ideals. Sir George was one of those very few men who, although living a busy, many-sided life, had a , heart which always found leisure from itself, to soothe ' and sympathise. His greatest joy was to do something to brighten ether lives. The preacher, in conclusion, called the attention of young men to that glorious servant of Jestis Christ in tbe hope that it might awaken I the desire to imitate his life of devoted consecration. The supreme thing his example taught was the infinite value of Christian whole-heartedness. There was no doubt in his (rr. Yonge's) mind of the entire devotion of George Williams to his Saviour. He fully illustrated one of his own frequent sayings,— "that the great thing in religion was the conlplete capture and conse- cration of the heart," and he believed his life taught how decision for Christ and devotion to the service of others settled all the desires and satisfied all the wishes even of ardent young men. There was no pursuit in life so beneficent to a man as the life of a true disciple- ship, nothing that could matte life so blessed as living not unto themselves but into others.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
To EVERY LOVING NIECE AND

, g This week my post-bag, I .am pleased to say, has been exceptionally heavy, and its con- tents varied. I am very, very grateful for the Way in which many of you have been compet- ing in making useful little articles for our needy friends this coming winter. The prizes this week go to the following Nieces :—Margaret Mary Press and Jennie Cummins, the first- named having sent in a nice warm pair of stays for some fortunate little babe, also a Short Story, entitled " Gertie and the Gipsies," which you will find further on in the Column. Jennie receives her prize for the contribution of three very useful scarves. As I said before, I am glad to see tlie interest taken in this work, and it shows that you have a warm corner in your hearts for those less fortunate than yourselves. So any of you dear children who have not yet helped us will perhaps give it a thought at any early date, and, to use a very old phrase, "the smallest contribution will be thankfully received." Who has solved the problem as to what the people in Scotland do when it rains? . . . Why, they let it, of coursal Now, with regard to the .usual weekly prizes. lam awarding one to Elsie Tubby, who sends in a piece of poetry, entitled, "How to win," and the only thing I'm afraid of is, that if all you young people follow its advice—well, I sha'n't have enough prizes to last to the end of the year. Number two prize I am giving as a consolation to Alice Ladd, who has been very earnest in her endeavours to become a prominent member of the C. C. League. She has sent in the solution of the last two sets of puzzles, and also a little tale. Well, I have nothing further to mention this week, beyond introducing into the C.C.L. six new members. UNCLE NED.

WELCOME TO G. Eastwood. - Gladys Whitton. Beatrice Whitaker. Edward H. Jones. Annie Ward. Milly Ovid Helsham.

Dear 'Uncle Ned,—l am sending you a pair of stays for a baby, for the competition for poor chadren. I think they will be useful, and will help to keep the baby warm. I am also sending you a story. It is one which was told to us at school, and I have written it out in my own words. It was very wet here on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, but the weather is very nice again to-day. Hoping you are quite well.—l remain your loving little niece, MARGARET MARY PRESS.

GERTIE AND THE GIPSIES. CHAPTER I.

It was the eve of Gertie's birthday, and Mrs. Furlong said to her little girl, "Come, Gertie, dear, and, let me put your hat on, and we will go and look at the shops and see if there is anything pretty in them." The two then went out, ind directed their steps towards the High Street. They had not gone far when they came to a large toy shop. In the window was a ;lovely large doll, dressed in silk, and sitting in a perambulator. Mrs. Furlong thought this would do beautifully'for a birthday present for Gertie, and telling her to wait a few minutes outside the slop, hurried in to order the doll and perambulator. to be sent to her address as soon as possible dWhen she came out of the shop Gertie was nowhere to be seen. "That naughty child, I told her not to go away from this window," Mrs. Furlong said to herself; "I wonder where she can be," and looked up and down the street, but could see no trace of Gertie. Then she began to get frightened, and asked everybody if they had seen anything of a little girl in a white silk dress, with brown curls. But everybody said "No." Then Mrs. Furlong hurried to the Police Station and told the police what had happened, and they said she must have been stolen. Policemen were sent in all directions to find her, but it was no good. and at last they had to give up the attempt. Poor Mrs. Furlong was beside herself with grief. CHAPTER 11.

While Mrs. Furi-o-n—g-la—d--be-e-n.-in the toy shop, a gipsies' van had come along, and all of a sudden one of the men jumped down, stuffed something in Gertie's mouth so that she couldn't scream, and the next minute had her safely in the Van. The horses were put to all possible speed, and Gertie was soon far away from her mother. When they had got out of the town and were a long way off on a country road, the horses slackened speed a bit, and the gag was taken out of Gertie's mouth. Gertie immediately started screaming, but one of the gipsies said. to her, "Now, my girl, just stop that noisg, for it's no good, nobody can hear you," and so Gertie thought she had better stop. Then her nice gold chain and cross, which she wore round her neck, was taken off, and all her nice clothes and shoes and stock- ii,gs were taken off, and dirty, untidy things, were put on instead, so that poor Gertie looked quite a different child. After .this the gipsies went from one •town to another, and the way they earned their living wai by selling brushes. For the first month or so Gertie was kept well iwide the van, but after that the gipsies thought perhaps she would be safe to go round with them selling brushes or baskets. And so time flies, nobody ever recOgnising poor Gertie, until at last A year had fled since she had been:

—t last the pvies thought, as Gc .1 been very good, %hey could trust her ..ione, and so it g6t to be quit. ). commi thing to send her out selling baskets by hi self, or to send her out to get anything th wanted themselves. One day Gertie was goil round as usual sellmg baskets when she car to a certain house where two ladies were sittin One was in black the other was dressed green. When Gertie saw them she said to hi

out Lou Ler- ing

sell, "I am sure that lady in black is my mother. I will knock at the door and ask them if they will buy a basket, and see if she recog- nises mg." And-me knocked at the door. The two ladies then looked up, and directly the lady in black saw who it was she fainted. The lady in green was astounded, and picked her friend up, then rang the bell and ordered some brandy and gave it to Mrs. Furlong (for it was indeed Gertie's mother), who on revived. Mrs. Furlong then begged Mrs. Longdon to let her child in and bring her to her at once. Gertie was then brought in, and after they had kissed , ever so many times, she had to tell how she had been stolen, and what she had been doing ever since. A message was then sent at once to the police, telling all %bout it, ana-saying where the gipsies were. Mrs. Furlong had moved, and the other lady was a friend stay- • ing with her, and she had gone into mourning for her child, thinking she would never see her again. Gertie was now taken upstairs, and - her dirty clothes were taken off her and burned, and after having a nice hot bath, some nice clean clothes were put on her. After that they had tea, and then Gertie was taken into a room. where all the presents she had had given her for her birthday when she had been stolen were laid out on the bed. Gertie was delighted with them all, but especially with the doll and perambulator.

When the police got the message, they hurried off after the gipsies, who were put in prison for a long time as a penalty.

Dear Ulmle Ned,—l should very much like to become a member of your "Children's Corner." Please accept the following tale.—l remain, your loving niece.

. - BEATRICE IVIIITAXER. TAKING DOLLIE TO THE PAWNBROKER'S.

There are a great many pathetic incidents connected with the lives of poor children that are never heard of outside of the immediate vicinity. A few days since a little girl, who had - - seen her mother take a ring and other valuables to the pawnbrokers to get money to buy medi- cine and food while her father was sick and out of work, tried to pawn her dolly. The mother was taken sick from overwork and care of the father, and told the little girl that she did not know how they would get anything to eat. The year before this the little girl had re- ceived the doll from the Christmas tree at the mission school. She had taken great pleasure in it, but it was all she had, and the only thing she could take to the pawnbroker's to get some money on. She wrapped up the dolly in a piece of Taper and went to the shop. The pawnbroker was very angry when he unrolled the package and saw the dolly. The paint was off its face, and the hair was in a tangle; the dress, also, was very much soiled. The pawnbroker was a heartless man. "Get out," he said, throwing the doll on the floor, and breaking it to pieces. A lady who was passing the door chanced to see the man throw the doll down, and when the little girl came out of the shop crying, she said, "What is the matter, little girl I" The child told her pathetic story, and the lady, who was a district visitor, went home with her. When she found that the little girl's story was true, she told it to some of her friends, /4/0 and they helped the hamily inn's° many good ways that the father and mother soon got well, and the father got a place where he could earn c' enough to get necessary food and clothes for those he loved so well. And you will all be glad to know that they gave the little girl a, new doll, too. This is a true story, told to me by a friend. —tk, Dear Uncle Ned,—l am sending you aispiece of poetry, hoping you will like it!.• it my liketlt thistrY ands e lll ht Yours truly, thought ga styooru would lncloksee a i jise.c e ELSIE TUBBY. THE WAY TO WIN. - I wish I could 'win one, a lassie was sighing, When sitting quite still in a meadow one day, And thinking of prizes not won without trying, Not won lay mere wishing as time slips away. And as she sat wishing she heard a hen cluck- ing,. She lifted her eyes'and that hen she could see, And soon it was ra)lf,ly scratching and cluck- ing, As gay and as busy and glad as could be. She watched how it struggled to upturn a - treasure, A thing it was wishing for, something to \ eat; A worm to be dug for with patience and plea- sure! 'Twas found,, and it gave henny-penny treat

That worm the hen could not have eaten, Unless she had scratched it right up from the ground, And Mabel had seen that the hen wes not beaten; By carefully working the prize had been found. So Mabel thought quietly over the matter And learnt the good lesson, "No prize can be won By thinking and wishing, by waiting and chat- ter," And soon she jumped up and to work slit begun.

-,7 ..--v,4..: . '-.. '...t:...:;:,.. '''./. . 4. • 'L"Hill: --;:. :-:1::::::„,45r- . :-..,:-#:;.-: 6: .4":2".". : * • ' , 1-"7" -----.4.• el .. . .... -5. . ..,- 9 ,-, ' " 4• • Le ' -.17..-,v:—,-, , ,-i;..-'1 •A:-.:\ „..0, • • , i=•---1-....;:::,/c. .. ' ,20- ' ''. . ,' % ....,.. , f!-.-ii.-',--- ,:„ ~..,;,,..,--...5t- A1e.".;40.!1$ 4 iffl. '42 - -:-: ?"-'•.% 'f.'re ! , ~... :::,-.1".?'•:-'-,-:.--r . 'f-iih0',i.,...0,0>0.4„,,,7,„...:2,-..-...-';---- - 7::::,..-.5. ,:- ~....,,5..;. , • • .• 0 9.1,,,.. 1 ..,..-r,4f_.„—.,---' i ?- I' ".. ~ ~ e'' •••••,•-t. :.. - uncle tiedl _ 4 ....___ \ :.,:;7,..,,,„4,iiii , ._.rtitistii.. • , I k ' ....- . f 4(... „:. • ,tolen. A: , ,It • - -,i, 'ff' had Ito °%'• ~,..,., 4, _.,. XXPECICW,

Yjr• :t#F

===== 0002601_19061201_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
HEADACHE FAIRY BY CURE Attacking THE ACTS MAGIC 0 SEAT LIKE FTHE PAIN. It cures when all else falls. Safe and sure. Perfectly harmless: mem. 7d. & If- per box, Post Free 8 or 13 stamps from Fairy Medicine, Co., Norwich.

7 MILK fIY4 lAooolare 'MO s i----- A vr- ,ondarci or Putyiy. ,

===== 0002601_19061201_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19061201_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i

===== 0002601_19061201_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

NOVEMBER. FROM WARRINGTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 14, 7 40, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 75, 8 35, 9 58, 11 42, 11 55, a.m. 1 50, 4 46, 6 28, 720, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 6 0, p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 30, 75, 835, 958. 1142, 11 55 a.m. 150, 446, 623, 7 20, 8 37, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.r. 6 0 p.m. b Saturdays only. Chester-7 34, 8 17, 95, 10 23, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 140, 1 58,2 30,319, 422, 5 6,6 4,7 54,8 5,10 20, 11 35 P.m. Sundays 8 44, 7 45, 10 35 a.m. 745, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green-7 5, 85, 8 25, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. 12 25 245, 3 45, 5 15. 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30 . Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 34, 9 sa.m. 12 30, 230,3 19, 56, 64, 85, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 12 00, 2 30, 3 19, 64, 744 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 7 5, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 9 25, 10 10,10 53, 1155 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45,3 45,3 50, 515, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30. all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 46, 8 35, 843 a.m. 5 10, 6 0, 7 57, 9 54 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 95,10 23 10 30,a.m. 12 30 2 30, 3 19,4 22, 56, 6 4,7 54, 10 20, all 35 p.m. Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75, 835, 1055, 11 55 a.m. 115, 3 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 56, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam,Cadishead-7 0,7 508 8. 9 3 a.m. 22. 4 58, 710, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays- 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 30,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. LiverpooK.L.C.)-a4 40,5 35,7 5,755,8 2,8 50,95, 9 50, 10 30, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0, 12 50, 1 10, 1 50, 27, 2 50, 3 13, 3 50, 3 56, 45, 4 10, 4 50, 5 50, 5 57, 6 50, 75, 7 50, 80, 8 30, 8 55, .9 40, 010 0, 10 40, blO 42, bll 10, 11 30, 11 39 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted. Sundays 4 40, 535, 90, 9 n, 11 20 a.m. 220,. 2 39, 4 46, 6 0, 7 10, 8 28, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. AG N.W.)-a4 51, a 5 25, 75, 7 27, 8 23, 8 25, 9 25, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 155, 245, 3 20, 3 45, 347, 515, 6.17, 78, 740, 80, 9 25, blO 0, 10 30, bll 30 p.m. • a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays, 4 51, 530, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 5 10, 80,80, 9 54 p.m. Lymm-6 15 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35' 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, aB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, a 75, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 9 25, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 18. 1 15, 241, 2 45, 3 31, 425, 5 10, 553,. 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 9 22, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 4 56,7 46 a.m. 513,60, 757, p.m. a Mondsys only Manchester (C.L.C.)- 7 0, 7 12, 7 58, 8 8, 8 55, 93, 9 55, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 55, 2 55, 3 55, 4 55, 4 58, 5 55, 6 55, 7 10, 7 55, 8 35, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 8 45, 9 37, 10 18, 1182 a.m 30, 3 15, 4 56, 50, 71, 855, 9 15,9 25, 10 0 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 1020, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 255, a 3 35 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55, b 4 45,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 35, 9 19,9 25,10 10,10 40.10 55, 11 55. a.m. n 18,12 25, 1 15, 1 50, 2 45, 3 31. 3 50, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 633, 720, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 7 46, 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mondays only. Padgate-7 0, 7 12, 88, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1218, 141, 355, 458, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 35, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 25 p.m. luncorn-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15,6 17, 8 0, 10 0 pm. Sankey-7 5, 82,95,10 0, 11 5 a.m. 120, bl 0, al 8, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 28, 75, 80. 90, blO 0, alO 37, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 22 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 95 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-7.5, 8.25, 10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37,7.8, 7.40, 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5. 8.35, a 9.36. 10.25, 11.2, a.m., 1.27, 3,18, 4 10, 53, b 6.20, 6 26, 7.40, 80, 9.0, 10.35, t,i,ra• Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aMoudays, ednesdays, and " Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59,9 55,10 53, a-ra. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 s.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 5, 8 35, 9 58, 10 55, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 115, 1 50, 3 50, 4 46, 5 15, 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 98,10 23 m Sundays 843 a.m. 3 35, 6 0, 9 54p.m. p* * Widnes (C.L.C.)--7 5, 95, 10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, bl 8, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 528, 6 26, 7 5, 80, 9 0, alo 0, blO 37 p.m. a Saturdays only, b Saturdays excepted.

Sankey Bridges-7 13, 945 a.m. 12 7, 28, 331 58,66,7 2, 9 18 p.m. Sundays 8 26 a.m. 31, 8 6 P.m. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-6 20, 6 30, 6 55, 8 0, 830, 90, 11 10, 11 20 a.m. 10,1 32,1 55, 2 45, 250 4 27, 4 33, 5 25. 6 20, 6 55, 7 25, S 50, 10 25, a 10 45, all 35 p.m. Sundays 745, 750 a.m. 25, 6 55, 7 25, 95. a Saturdays only. Southport-8 0, 95, 10 15, 10 40, 12 25, 1 30, 2 45, 4 5, 4 10, 5 25,7 15,8 5,a9 5,10 o.Sundays 9 0,2 0, 750, a Saturdays only. Thelwall-7 51, 836, 8 18, 9 58, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, al 41, 2 0, 2 55, 3 34, 4 22 b 5, 35, 6 3, 6 45, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. 2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)--a2 39, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17, 9 54, 100, 11 38 a.m. 125 128, 2 30, 327, 4 20, 4 56, 5 206 55, 7 k 9 10, 1080 p.m. Sua,daYs 239, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. Widnes (C.L.C.)-8 17,9 20;106, lO 45 11 47, a.m. 12 25, 1 20, 2 25, 3 31, 4 25, 5 15, 6 15, 7 15, 8 20, 922 all 10 p.m. a Saturdays only. Widnes (L. and N.-W.)-7 2, 8 45, 9 34, 10 39, 11 55 a.m. 12 52, 22, 3 20, 858, 455, 5 55, 6 50,9 6, 11 6 p.m. Sundays 814 a.m. 2 50,7 54, 11 6 p.m.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 32,7 40, 8-54,10- -57- am. 12 19, a 249, 355, 4 41, 7 20, 8 28. Sundays 759 am. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-7 50, 8 25 9 57, 10 22 1110,12 45,a.m. 1 20,3 8, 5 30, 6 43, 8 25, b 9 10, 105, p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 15 4 55, 8 45, pi. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. c Mondays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 9 17, 11 20 a.m. 140,3 28,4 27, 5 20, 70, 8 45, 100,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37,5 8, 730 p.m. Chester-2 25,14 20, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 2 0, 2 10, 30, 3 50. 5 18, 5 23,6 30, 735,8 10, 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 25,4 20,6 30 a.m.6 55, 835 p.m. b Mondays excepted. Collins Green-6 40, 79, 845, 1021, 11 23 a.m. 1245, 2 10, 3 5,4 1, 338, 6 42, 747, 9 6, alo 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Daresbury-3 11, 10 17,11 18 a.m.2 49, 6 2,7 11,8 43 p.m. Sundays 723 R.M. 747 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 35, 6 47, 822 p.m. Sundays 648 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2, 713, 847, 833.9 15, 9 45, 10 26, 10 36, 11 23 a.m. 1238, 114, 23, 327, 5 10, 543 552, 635 713, 88, 91, 934, 1047. all 1, all 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 957, 10 3 a.m. 3 43, 7 21, 10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-79, 8 53, 942, 1045 a.m. 12 3, al*, 57, 24, 3 27, 54, 62, 6 53, 914 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satutdays only. Frodsham-7 54, 90, 10 1, ill, a.m. 231, 4 11, 5 44,6 55, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 72, a.m. 724 p.m. Golborne-6 44, S 21, 10 12,a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 4 31, 5 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42, a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 7 5 p.m. Helshy-7 46, 8 56, 9 57, 10 57, a.m. 2 27, 47, 5 40, 6 54, 827, p.m. Sunday 6 53, a.m. 7 18, p.m. Irlam and Cadishead-6 19, 6 48, 7 36, 9 33, a.m. 17, 4 54, 6 54, 853, 1120, p.m. Sundays 921, 110, a.m. 1 20, 2 2246 55i8 50, 100

- , Latchford-7 55. 8 40, 9 22, 10 2, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13. 3 0, 338, 425, b 539. 97, 649, 731) 52, cll 32 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.1.0.)-5 10, 6 30. 7 30,7 40, 8 20, 8 30, 8 35, 8 40, 9 30, 9 33, 1030, 11 5, 11 30, 11 33 11 50, a.m. 12 30, 12 50. 1 0, 130, 145, 230' 2 40, 2 43, 4 0, 4 30, 433, 4 43, 5 30, 536, 630, 635 730, 735, 830, 836, 840, 930, hlO5O, 110 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 90, 10 55, 11 15 a.m.2 20,3 20,4 0, 430, 815,0 30.8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-2 35, 6 0, G 10,8 10,8 35, 95, 9 30, 9 55, 11 0 a-ni. 12 21, 1 15, 2 45, 30, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25, 8 30, 90, blO 5, 10 45, bll 15 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 25,9 20 a.m.2 10. 6 30,7 15,1045 p.m. Lymm-7 48,8 32,9 14. 9 51.11 3 a.m. ill. al 37, 25, 250, 330, 418, b 531, 559, 61!. 7 31, 9 43, 11 21 p.m. a Saturdays out y. b Saturdays excepted. Sundays 815 8.111. 2 25, 715 p.m. Manchester (Central)-6 0, 6 30, 7 30, 830, a 9 5, 930,933, 105, 10 30, 10 35' 11 :10 a.m. 12 30, 12 50, 150,230,330, 3 45, 4 30, 4 35, 5 30, 60. 6 30, 635, 7 10, 7 30, 8 30, 835, 9 20, 10 15, 00 50, 11 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 30, 9 5, 9 '3O, 10 30 a.m. I 40, 20.2 5, 5 40, 6 35. 8 30,9 40 p.m. Manchester (London [load.)-7 5,7 50,9 25, 10 30, a.m. 12 30, 1 5,20 255 8 40, a 5 0, 520, 65, 6 55, 95, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Moore-6 50,9 6,11 9 a.m. 1232, a 3 1; 48, 4 55, 733 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 4 58p.m, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 00, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 12 35, s 1 5. al2B, 144, 37, 4 48, 55, 5 33, 5 49, 6 27. 7 30, 8 5, 931, 11;) 3, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 100 a.m. 340, 720, 11 7 p tn. a Saturdays only. Padgate-6 30, 6 58,7 55, 8 29,9 0, 103 a.m. 1 20, 2 0, 5 5, 6 .18, 7 5, 96, 1025, 11 32 p.m. Sundays 8 52, 11 14 a.m. 2 33, 9 12. 10 14 p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14, 3 7, 4 40, 5 41, 6 30, 8 10, 10 10 p.m. Sankey-7 50, 8 27, 9 30, 10 19, 10 55 A.M. 12 36 1 32, 1 40, 2 35, 3 43, 4 35, 5 26, 5 36. 025, 7 25' 8 54, 9 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 837, 10 12 a.m. 48, 8 28, p.m.

Chapter 4

The new way of washing clothes It was first worked with success when Fels-Naptha soap was intro- duced.

It's the no-boiling way—" the Fels-Naptha way! " They're both the same.

on can't wash clothes without boiling except with Fels-Naptha ; you can't wash clothes properly with Fels-Naptha if you do boil them.

f you really like the steam and sweat and smell ot clothes boiling please don't use Fels-Naptha. If you use Fels-Naptha Soap use it the easy was,—the way the wrapper ',tells you— -" the Fels- Naptha way.9ll

Fels-Naptha -30 Wilson street, London E.C.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
Lh, a reliable ... remedy. It softens , phlegm, permitting it to be expectorated without atraint soothing the membranes and allaying the irritation so commonly ex- perienced. There is nothing to equal it. Of all Chemists at home and abroad. Refuse the num substitufes offered. Price, aid..l/11. SI

had

===== 0002601_19061201_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
. •• 7 • . 7;. - 7-7 • - ,; V. - -,! • . ,?; '

WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION.

ANNUAL TEA IYIEETING.

The annual tea meeting in connection with the War- rington Women's Liberal Association was held on Monday evening in the Co-operative Hall, Cairo-street. This was a new departure brought about by the very largely increased membership of the Association. Previously the annual gatherings had been held at the Liberal Club but more accornodation was essential this year. Nearly three hundred members assembled, and enjoyed an excellent tea which was catered for by Atkinson's Cafes,Limited. Amongst those presvat were —.Mesdames Armitage, Parker, Garnett, O'Brien, Clegg, Jackson Holmes, Guest, Clay, Walker, Lindley, Owen. Hitchen, Osborne, J. Maginn, F. Maginn, Hewitt, Dutton ; Miss Crosileld, Miss Dutton, Miss Hawthorne, Miss Guest, Miss Gornall, Miss Walker, and Miss Short. _ _

After tea a meeting was held to hear an address on " Free Trade" by Miss IC Ashworth Briggs (Women's Free Trade Union, London). Miss Crosfield presided and she was supported on the platform 1337 Mrs. Armitage, Mrs. Walker, Mrs. Holmes, Mrs. Parker, Mrs. Garnett, Mrs. Osborne and Miss Dutton. _ CURRENT POLITICS. _

I Miss CROSFIELD referred to the present Govern- ment's programme. She said there was that useful measure which songht to provide decent eottages, and property allotments for the poverty stricken peasants who were so ill-housed in the west of Ireland. That was the sort of Bill which authorities on the question said ought to be applied to England and Wales. Next year they might hope to see a measure brought into Parliament to enable small holdings to be held by the agricultural labourer, whilst at the present time Lord Carrington, who was one of the finest ministers of agri- chlture they had ever had, was utilizing Crown lands for small holdings. Another Act was oae concerning which all political parties agreed, namely the Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibited secret commissions in business, whilst another measure would allow cheaper postage rates for the bulky literature used by the blind. It was hoped that before Christmas they would get through the three great Labour Bills, namely, the Trades Disputes Bill, an extension of the Workmen's Compensation Act, and the Shipping Bill. (Applause). Parliament desired to extend the Workmen's Compensation Act to agriculturists and seamen, and Mr. Lloyd-George was engaged with the Shipping Bill, which was an exceptionally good one. (Applause.) The latter would ensure the greater safety and better accommodation of British seamen. They had far too many foreigners engaged on British ships, and it was calculated that if better accommodation were provided Englishmen would be encouraged to man English ships. The Bill also provided that all foreign ships which entered English ports must conform to the English standard of safety in regard to the amount of their cargo. It was not fair that foreign ships should come to our ports overloaded. (Applause.) Then there was the Education Bill. She thought that most of them hoped that the House of Lords would not render it impossible to come to a friendly settlement on that question. (Applause.) Any- one in his or her right senses could not wish to see secular education brought into England. Religious faith was the foundation of life, and no one could wish for his children to be brought up without religious teaching. (Applause.) The Land Tenure Bill was also before Parliament—a Bill that one might call "the famers' charter." The Budget showed how well the Chancellor of the Exchequer's predecessor managed affairs when it was found that there was a surplus of three millions, which was being devoted to the abolition of the coal tax, the reduction of the tax on tea, the reduction of the national debt and the assistance of the unemployed. (Applause.) She thought they might honestly say that was trying to curb expense in every possiale way. (Hear, hear.) It was also refreshing to find that the Priam Minister had said that as soon as time and money would permit old-age pensions would be secured to the people of the country. (Applause.) They owed a great deal to Sir H. Compbell-Bannerman. (Hear, hear.) It was said that he had a warm heart and a cool head, and he must be beloved by all who believed in progress. (Applause.) Miss BIRCHALL sang "Winter " with taste, Miss Gertude Henshall gave a recitation and 'Airs. Jackson Holmes contributed a pianoforte solo with great ability. _

===== 0002601_19061201_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN AND FREE TRADE.

Miss Astr'NVORT-11- Bivas than addressed the com- pany on" Free Trade" a subject which she contrived to make both intelligible and interesting to the women present. She first of all spoke of the objects of the Women's Free Trade Union. She said it was formed when Mr. Chamberlain first proposed a tax on bread, because they regarded that as a woman's question.. (Applause.) Housekeeping employed the most hands in the world, and when they touched that they upset all the homes in the land. It was in the cities of Lancashire that Free Trade was started; Lancashire found the money for Cobden's agita- tion against the bread tax. It was said in those times that the want of work killed the men, but two years after Free Trade had been estab- lished it was found that the life of the workingmen was lengthened by two years,and that of the women by three years.lt was Protection that shortened life.(Applause.) A tax on imports meant increased cost in housekeeping, increased the rent and rates, and increased the number of unemployed. Imports were things they had to buy. They were given in exchange for the goods exported. The speaker instanced the conditions of life in Germany to illustrate her contentious. The Liberal Government was going to tackle the land question with which was bound up the question of rent. Rates and rents were very high because in the first place there were too many people in the towns. If more lived in the country there would be less competition for houses. It was not so easy, however, to take people back to the land as many suggested. People should be encouraged to stay on the land and their own children would fill up the gaps. (Applause.) Having alluded to the Lords' opposition to the Land Tenure Bill, the speaker mentioned the rejection, by the Lords, of the Labour Members' Aliens Act, and the taxation of land values. All the wealth of England was going into the landlords' pockets, England belonged to the English, and why should they be obliged to pay such increasingly heavy rents for permission to live in Eng- land ? (Hear, hoar.) The man who sat still and raked, in the money should bear his share of the burden. Seventy per cent. of the country's population lived in the towns. More people were required for the land because the land was not producing anything like what it should do in the way of food. In France, for instance, the peasants, who had allotments, obtained ten times as much produce from the cultivation of their land-as was obtained in this country. The Prime Minister hut set himself to create those small farmers in England. It was because there were so many people in the towns that there was so much unemployment. Alias Briggs contended that the Loidlords did not bear thei r full share of the rates and taxes. (Applause) On the proposition of Mrs. PARKER, seconded by Miss DUTTON, a vote of thanks was accorded Miss Ash- worth Briggs, and a similar compliment was paid Miss Crosfield, on the motion of Mrs. ARNIITA GE. Other ladies who had assisted were also thanked.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, December 1, 1906.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

E BILLIARDS ARRANGEMENT/ GAME:-

OR TO 36 & 38, Queen Victoria Street, London.

- BUSSMI)TABILL ' tVii ~;/ AjCZ E VER • L"--Hir g; OK ET FREE A .0,..„ ."13,./OVIDE4IS A BILLIARD [2..06. j, 111. irm_ a fm-omviirag."'"3 13CAUEERVICTORIA,ST.1.74DOR . h--- _,. _,-.-0-5-. .......,-„<„,--y. 04 I. I/ ite!gie-• - .„-__,---------- -_ _ , , . . - • .-----.:,---..."--._.- - -- - -- - - - -- --- - - -_, ..7 ----f 14. • 16 --,...ii; ' . qR ' ' oit.r i iNi3 "k FITTED UP 0rm...._ tir I. 'ply to Dealers for Bussey's Catalogue

===== 0002601_19061201_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S MATCHES.

1 G. T. P. G. T. P. Leeds 4 3 17 Hull Hunslet 2 416 Warrington I Bramlev St. Helens Widnes 3 2 12 Rochdale H. ... 0 0 0 Swinton Dewsbury 5 4 22 York Hull K. Rovers ... 4 3 17 Bradford Broughton R. *Salfdrd Halifax 5 6 28 Huddersfield 2 1 7 Runcorn Wigan * Game abandoned owing to darkness.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Hunslet v. Warrington.

Warrington appeared at Hunslet on Saturday,and were beaten by 6 points. The ganae, favonred as it was with beautifully fine weather, attracted a crowd of about 4,000 spectators. Warrington were without Fish, who was suffering from a somewhat severe attack of bronchitis, and Lees, their places being filled by Cart- wright and Jordan. Hunslet—Place, back; Hople, Eagers, W. Goldthorpe and Farrar, threequarter backs ; Jackson and A. E Goldthorpe, half backs; Higson, Jukes, Wilson. Walsh Cappleman and Shooter, forwards. Warrington—Berry, back ; Cartwright, Taylor, Dickinson and Brooks, threequarter backs ; Jordan and Hockenhall, half backs ; Preston, Boardman, Shug.ars, Naylor, Thomas and Harmer, forwards. Referee, Mr. W. McCutcheon,Oldham. Touch judges Messrs. F. T. Rowlands, Bradford, and H. Farrar, ' Keighley. Hunslet had the opening attack, and within a quarter of an hour had eight points on the board. A scrummago had been formed at the Warrington " " from which the ball came out to Albert Goldthorpe. He gave it to Jackson, who in turn transferred to Farrar. The last named beat Brooks, snd scored a clever try. The place was too far out fo'r Albert Goldthorpe to land a goal. Hunslet continued to press, and as the result of a strong rush Shooter scored a lucky try. Walter Goldthorpe failed at goal. It should be mentioned that this rush was the result of a brilliant burst by Eagers. A few minutes later Albert Goldthorpe put Hunslet still further ahead by drooping a neat goal from behind a scrummage. Warrington now had a look in, and Hunslet had their lead reduced. From a scrum- mage at the half-way line the ball came out to Hocken- hall, who kicked across, and Dickinson sprinting up, took the ball cleverely on the run, beat Eagers, and scored a fine try. Preston's shot at goal was a failure. Each goal was attacked in turn after this, but nothing was scored before half-time. Thus Hunslet crossed over leading by five points. The game reopened in fluctuating fashion. Hunslet had a promising attack early on, but they were driven back by a tall kick on the part of Taylor, which gained half the length of the field. The Hunslet forwards rushed the game back to the Warrington line, and from the succeeding scrummage Albert Goldthorpe forced, his way over, also adding an easy goal. This was immediately followed by a cleverly dropped goal on the part of Taylor. Thus encouraged, Warrington worked hard, and after a strong attack Brooks dashad round the " blind " side of a scrummage and scored a neat try, Preston adding a goal. There was still time for Jackson to dash over with a try for Hunslet. This was not improved upon. The whistle sounded a minute later, and Hunslet thus won the match by 2 goals and 4 tries (16 points) to Warrington 2 goals and 2 tries (10 points.)

===== 0002601_19061201_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. BARROW.

At Runcorn, before 1,500 spectators. In the opening stages the visitors attacked, but a round of passing between Jolley,Butterworth, and Deakin quickly trans- ferred play to the visitors' end, where from a rush by the home forwards Padbury got possession and scored, Richardson adding a goal. Langley followed with another try a moment later,Richardson failing with the goal kick. Wharton and Fallowfleld gained ground for Barrow, but a fine display of passing by Jolley, Watton Padbury, and Moran resulted in the latter scoring, Richardson again failing to improve. A free kick to Barrow followed, from which Bowker easily landed a goal. Before the interval Moran and Padbury scored tries for Runcorn, Jolley adding a goal from the first ' one. Half-time score :—Runcorn 2 goals, 5 tries (19 points), Barrow 1 goal (2 points). After the interval Barrow attacked for several minutes but were gradually forced back. From a free kick however, Bowker placed another goal for the visitors, but immediately on resumption Watton passed to Walker, who scored under the posts, Jolley failing at goal. Play was then contested near the Runcorn line, where Deakin got possession, and running almost the 'length of the field scored a fine try, Jolley adding a goal. • Buttorworth and Flanagan quickly added tries, which were improved by Jolley. The visitors then got into the home half, and Hannah smartly getting hold was over the Runcorn line before the home backs could I recover themselves, Bowker failing at goal. Near the close Richardson and Padbury each scored a try, Jolley failing with the goal kicks. Result :—Runcorn 5 goals 11 tries (43 points), Barrow 2 goals, 1 try (7 points). Teams :

Runcorn—Harrison, back ; Deakin, Butterworth Moran and Flanagan, three-quarter backs ; Jolley and Watton, half backs ; Walker, Padbury, Richardson, Kennedy, Dixon, and Langley, forwards. Barrow—Gifford, back : Wilson, Bowker, Brockbank and Bamber, three-quarter hacks ; Wharton and Fallow- field, half-backs ; Brough, Brown, Bowers, Hannah, Morgan and Jardine, forwards. Referee, Mr. F. Kennedy, Broughton Rangers. Touch judges, Messrs. A. Jones, Warrington, and W. Nevins, Warrington.

Warrington v. Swinton. The postponed match between Warrington and Swin- ton waS played at Warrington on Monday afternoon before 2,000 spectators. Neither side was at full strength, but the homesters won as they liked in the closing stages of a rather fast game. Teams and officials : . . _

----- Warrington : Knight, full back ; Landor, Dickenson, Taylor and Brooks, three-quorters ' • Hockenhall and Jordan, half backs ; Boardman, Preston, Thomas, Shugars, Heath and Naylor, forwards. Swinton : Dixon, full back ; Blakeley, Wallbrook, Simister and Jones, three quarters ; Booth and Bradley, half backs; Davies, Coletrup, Pomfret, Cheetham, Hob- son and Lloyd, forwards. Referee, Mr. W. 11I'Cutcheon (Oldham). Warrington started off in strong style and were quickly on the attack. Dixon repelling the invasion by some fine full back work. Tall kicking by the visitors ' eased the pressure slightly, but improvement was shown when Simister dribbled down the open, and the ball was forced passed Knight. Warrington experienced a warm time of it, end the visitors had the line at their mercy when Wallwork got offside and spoiled a favour- able opening. A free kick drove Swinton out, and from a penalty Preston essayed a shot at goal, the ball, how- ever, travelling low and beneath the crossbar. Warring- ton played up and Taylor made a bold but unsuccessful attempt to break through. Hockenhall next got clear but absence of finish spoiled the effort. Landor, the Warrington left wing, did some smart work on the left, and almost overcame Jones in a sharp sprint. The last-named, horcever, made a good recovery, and sprint- ing along touch, lorced Warrington to fall back. Thomas, however, got well away, and Taylor joining issue, the Swinton backs had all their work cut out to maintain their lino intact, Brooks just failed to take a pass from Dickenson when practically all opposition had been overcome. The want of finish on the part of the Warrington backs was very disappointing, and when Hockenhall got away down the open, and his pass went astray, the spectators cheered ironically. A couple of failures to place goals by Preston from penalties did not assist matters much, whilst an attempt by Knight to gain a substantial point did not meet with any better fate. Swinton were decidedly fortunate in repelling the many and varied attempts to cross, and it was not until near the interval that a sharp movement between Hockenhall and Jordan led up to Landor signalizing his debut in first class football, by dashing over for the first try at the left corner. The goal kick was a failure. Swinton,however, would not be denied, and the outcome of some smart movements caused Knight to kick dead from the field of play. From the scrummage Hockenhall cleared and had the better of an exchange with Dixon. At half time the score was three points in Warrington's favour Resuming the second half the locals were soon let Idown by Knight, who failed to take a long kick from Dixon, and the " Wirepullers" were in difficulties. A long dribble by Naylor speedily placed Warrington in neutral quarters.and Dixon nipped in finely and checked progress, forcing Warrington back, and causing Knight to adopt defensive tactics. The locals rallied and again attacking Thomas got possession near the line and crossed. Preston missing the goal. The Warringtonians were now exhibiting their proper form, and not many 1 minutes had elapsed before a sharp movement put Brooks in possession, and the Swinton gcal had another

narrow escape. Taylor forced the ball over the line, and Brooks, racing up at top speed, grounded the ball ' whilst Dixon was id the act of kicking dead. Knight kicked a goal. Dickenson followed with a try after a strong run, and Knight added another goal, whilst shaxp passing led up to Brooks notching his second try. Swinton continued to be overplayed, and in the last few minutes Boardman and Jordan completed excellent tries, and in each instance Preston added goals. Final score: Warrington, four goals and seven tries (29 points) Swinton nil.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Friendly Match:

WARRINGTON V. PENDLETON BRITANNIA.—There was a capital attendance at Wilderspool on Saturday, when the Warrington "A " easily disposed of Pendleton. In the first half the locals did nearly all the pressing, and tries were scored by Kay, Landor, Jones, Boardman, and Swift, but only one goal was placed, Forster con- verting Boardman 's try. Turning round the visitors were again outclassed, and the game rarely left the Pendleton quarters. Tries were scored by Foster (3), Davies, Landor, Hewitt (3), and Knight. Final score : Warrington, three goals, 12 tries (42 points) ; Pendleton Britannia nil.

ICOMMERCIAL FAlLtrnEsT—According to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of Commercial i failures recorded n England and Wales during the week ending Friday, November 23rd, was 191, viz. : New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 101; Deeds of Arrangement registered, 90. The respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were : Bankruptcies, 99 ; Deeds of Arrangement, 91—total 190; being; an increase of 1. The total num- ber of Commercha Failures recorded during the 47 weeks of the present year is 7,598 ; the total number recorded in the corresponding 47 weeks of last year was 8,140, showing a decrease of 542.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
r ........ 1

"FOR THE BLOOD 18 THE LIFE."

...,, I

===== 0002601_19061201_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
I!Jill, , • _-r --- 0-4 I. (111%.514"`°- 11'1'04.r ; 11,1 kik N•\\‘, 111 to I -'-'rfft 1111--.; , •

Proof—Editors of ' Racing World and ' 'Winning Post.' OCT. 26—Certosa _ Won

25.. T ebworth Won 20 to 1

24.. Padrone Won 6 to 1

23.. P rodigy Third 100 to 12 22..Piochy ..Boy. Won

20..ArizOna 11. Won 100 to 7

19.. Exchequer Won 10 to 1 18..Desba Second 7 to 1

17., Sardoid; filly Won 10 to 1 _

16.. fhe De..ile

===== 0002601_19061201_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
15..Gruinard llrplaced 6 to I

13..Crinkie-s— Second 10 to 1 _

12..Tamasha

11-North liefghton 5 to 1 Won 111..Allargne DcacLheat 10 to 1 I-Earlston Won 10 to 1

B..htylel7:NZaoppaleen 4 to 1 Won 6.. Cordon Bleu Third _ _ __loo to 8

5.. Li Hung Won 10 to 1 4.. Lady Schomberq 10 to I Won 3..Tonchstone Junior II to 4 Third It i 4 equally as success- ful ' Over the Sticks.' Bend stamped Address for List of Winners, so, to Date.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RACING ADVISER

FREE. rON T LUC S particulars of System of betting in racing tb at is a guaranteed Winning System, proof being the fact that all Racing Ex- perts acknowledge it to be Un- beatable. With a Level Stake System shows yearly profit of from .000 to £.500 last few years Space forbids more—System indicated appended list the three weeks previous to Oct. 27, date of sending advert. 'Die reason of Backers mostly com- ing to Ode( is that they back Horses, the Success of the Bookmaker is due to support- ing Figures. This System is a Combina- tion of Horses and Figures, and is a Guaranteed Win- ning System. It is not following favourites and doubling to recoup losses, or second favourites, jockey's mounts, &c. Conditions ne- cessary, Capital about 20/. up- wards, fixed Level Stake. bookmaker, and racing pro- gramme. To introduce our famous Guinea Newmarket Field and Marine Masses, 6to 12 miles range, achromatic lenses, /to. (which 1111 good sportsmen need) now reduced for a limited time to is/6, we will give the above System Free to Purchasers. A GUARANTEED AND FAIR OFEER. If the list of Winners, dm, we advertise were not indicated by this System we will return the 1516 in full, and make you a present of the Glasses. Take advantage of this Offer at once and send 15,6 P.O. to TER. C. THOMPSON, AS Gibson Street, LEEDS.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
MARCONI

says:

- "So far as its mechanical construction is concerned, I do not see that the

(011.9481,c, - , GRAPHOPtihE

===== 0002601_19061201_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
COLUMBIA

GRAPH-O-PHONE

can be improved."

Do you possess this wonderful instrument, which has evoked the interest and commendation of the greatest inventor of the day? There's nothing like it as a home entertainer. Send to-day to nearest branch for "PRICE BOOK 20,"eivimg particulars of Cylinder and Disc Graph-o-phones from a Guinea up. If your dealer doesn't take Easy Payments, write for our Instalment Terms.

Columbia Phonograph Compg,, GENt

Creators of the Talking Machine Industry, 64/66, Oxford Street, LONDON, W. GLASGOW: SCP, Union Street. CARDIFF 96, St. Mary Street. MANCHESTER: 54, Market Street. Dealers everywhere.

Grand Prises, Paris, St Louis and Milan.

WATCHES. WATCHES. WATCHES.

1/6 per week for 21 weeks, or 29/- cash, will secure one of our

SOLID SILVER ENGLISH LEVER KEYLESS WATCHES. Magnetic. These Watches are a marvel of mechanical skill. Hundreds are giving the utmost satisfaction. Don't Delay, send for one at once: All CASH Orders received on or before the 31st Dee. will have added a splendid SILVER CURB CHAIN absolutely FREE of Charge. THE GOSWELL WATCH & SUPPLY CO., 108 Doswell Road, London, E.C.

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Begietered No. 40.376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used In the Royal Laundries. Should be need In every house. Once tried, always w anted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW. The greatest boon ever offered to the'Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, &a. It does not stick to spider-web-like materials. Sold everywhere in Packets at Id., 3d., and 6d, each. PREPARED ONLY BY

T. CRITeIiILBT.--eiiimisi. B utemsuaN. 7, Whiteoroes Street, London, B.C.

LOTA—A most remarkable hair restorer used the ancient Egyptians. Sample bottle receipt of P.O for ss. Sd.— LOTA,' Brit Agency, 45, Queen's rd., Balaton, London

13 I XL 3EX '

r 4

===== 0002601_19061201_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACK BOTTLE SCOTCH WHISKY

- -- - Mellow with age. Perfection. Very Soft. Very Pure. Recommended by D.)etora univerially. PEce, direct from Distillery, carrine psi-, case 1 doz., 38/-; 6 bottles, 20/-; 3 bottles, 10,6, o:,ch. SANGRE, BIRCH & Co., 5 Dixon St., GLASGOW.

1113CCOMaXaC:RW_&61.:"W''Z; Celebratod Anti-spo.strlodio Tonic

GIVES INSTANT RELIEF

For Spasms, Colic, Dh,rrhcea, Fla,nlerey, Indigestion, Weak Action of the Bea, t, rains in the Chk,st,. side, Back, &c. Most comforting and strengthening. NEVER KNOWN TO FAIL. Wei, DERE CL KERELTS. Sold in bottles, 1/. and 29 ; post free 131- and 2/9 from the PROPRIETOR, DrOuthaM. LONDON DEPOT: 1 Graham Avenue, West Ealing, W.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

'TELEPHONE No. 355 Y.

PRINTING.

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

JOHN WALKER. AND CO.,

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &re., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any (me or pattern on blue, white, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

OIRCLARS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the beet workmanship.

pROGRAMMES fnr Entertainment 4, Concerts Itc., la the latest artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

SICK, BRCEIPT, and SUBSCRIPi ION BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

HANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services O Song. Festivals. &e.

CATALOGUES for Public and Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradoauten.

pßiem LISFS Printed on card or paper DWG trated, if required.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

ACCOUNT BOOKS, TICKET BOOKS, 'FOOTBALL FIXTURES,

CRICKET FIXTURES.'

EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING

EXECUTED AT SHORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

===== 0002601_19061201_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS.

Attention is invited to our NEW FOUNTS OR TYPH and WOOD LETTER for Large Posters. FOR ALL KINDS;OF NEAT POSTERS EXTRA LARGE SIZE,

40 x 60 One Sheet.

WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS

/IN THE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING'

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING.

JOHN WALKER AND Co rEXAMINER " OFFICE. BEM= STREET, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19061201_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication mnst in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor -aa a guarantee of good faith.

" Cottages at Walton." have read with interest the letter of your •correspondent "Workman" in last Siturday's paper. I should like to say that there are several works which have sprung up in Walton district in the last three years, for the employees of whom no provision has been made. lam employed at Messrs. R. A. Naylor's, Ltd., who employ nine men. The Borate Company employ 20. The Manchester Ship Canal Company when discharging steamers employ 30 to 40 men, and there are sometimes 100 men employed at the Acton Grange lay-by. Then Richard Evans and Co. employ men at their coalyard, besides several other small industries in the neighbour- hood. Most of these men have to walk two miles from Manchester-road, Latchford, etc., to their work, and at the present time there is not a workman's cottage to let in the district. There is no doubt that if a row of say 30 houses at a rental of 4s. per week were erected they would be taken within a week after completion. Three houses erected on the main road were taken before completion.—Yours faithfully, T. M'CORMICK. Gilbert-street, Warrington.

Pauper Labour. Mr. Clay's Explanation. Sir.—Being placed in the unenviable position of hav- in,, to appear as the principal witness in the prosecution of the man Clarke by the Warrington Board of Guar- dians, for failing to support himself, I feel it is my duty to correct the many mis-statements made by persons who cannot have any personal knowledge of the transaction there being only three persons present viz., myself, Clarke and a plasterer named Hind, when the arrangement with this painter was made. Firstly, however, allow me to say that I had no personal animosity against this man as appears to be attributed to me by the Labour Council and the defendant's solicitor. I had no reason to harbour any grudge, as I had not sustained any loss or injury by the man leav- ing. the work he was engaged on. Had I, as is freely , insinuated, wated to get a cheap job "I should have sent a couple of youths to scrape the paper off the walls and not paid sixpence per hour which is equivalent to twenty-nine shillings per week i.e. reckoning the usual hours worked per week. As a matter of fact I sent an unskilled labourer to the job when this man left it who certainly got through vastly more work than did the " journeyman " and as there was still some stripping left when the decorator sent his employees to the job I noticed that it was com- pleted by a youth who, I should guess, would not get more than five shillings a week. This oily corroborated what the man Clarke himself had Enid to me viz. : "That it was a lad's job." Is twenty-nine shillings per week a fair price to pay for work that is usually done by' lads?" It was this statement by Clarke that made me mention tivepence per hour after I had asked him what wages he wanted and he left it to me to state a figure. When he asked for sixpence per hour I at once granted it, as Mrs. Clay had instructed me to start the man and had given me carte blanche as to wages. All this can be corroborated by the other man present, Mr. Hind. No thought of any Union or standard rate of wages (of which I was not aware) ever crossed my mind and even if it had, I should not have expected a Union man to be in the Workhouse as I always understood members of a I7nion received a certain amount of pay out of the funds when out of employment. To enumerate one or two will of the many mis-statements referred to. Firstly, Clarke stated, "he stripped the whole of one shop and the greater part of another." As one of the shops was painted and distempered throughout with the exception of one room of which only a portion was papered, it is easy to be seen that his statement is " impossible " and the small portion was stripped after he left as was also the greater portion of the other shop by the employees previously referred to. His statement " that he has practically painted the whole of the Workhouse" has also as much foundation in fact. Secondly as he was not half-way through the stripping referred to, for which he was properly equipped, there was no necessity for any of the numerous list of painting" brushes enumerated by the defendant's solicitor, as he never saw any paint, nor used any. It was my intention, had the man stuck to his work until the stripping was coin-' pleted to have endeavoured to get him employment on the job by whichever master decorator carried, out the work. The moral of the case, according to the letter sent by the Guardians to the Labour Council, viz. :—" That it was not the practice of the Guardians to allow any member to obtain inmate labour at a lower rate than] the recognised standard" is that all the workmen, of ' which there is a percentage in every trade and who, owing to their incompetence or age or drink, have, drifted into the Workhouse, must be kept by the rate- 1 payers in hoard and lodgings till a master painter comes along and offers them eightpence per hour, or thirty- nine shillings a week, and they cannot be " allowed ' to go out for less. The general body of ratepayers, I think, will sincerely hope this expressed opinion will not be acted upon, or more extensions will be required to the Union.—Yours etc.,

W. A. CLAY.

Park Buildings, Warrington.

Sir.—l always read the letters above the signature of our friend Edmnnd Osborne with interest, and frequently with sympathetic appreciation. But I am afraid I cannot endorse his sentiments on the above subject, although its appearance causes one to think hard. It seems to me the present condition of our Poor Laws, renders it almost impossible for a person,once an inmate of the Workhouse, to get out again and take his place in the ranks of Labour without some assistance of a private or semi-charitable char- acter. They must go in and out within fixed times. We assume they have no means when they are out, or they would not go in, and if they wear pauper I, uniform what possible chance do they stand when making application for work? Is there any means whereby the respective Trade Unions help a man to lift himself from hopeless pauperism to hopeful labour ? I have not heard of those means, and if they do not possess them I am neither blaming or sneering at them, but feel we are then thrown back until those means do exist, upon the opportunities afforded by private and charitable individuals to assist the willing worker, to try once more to take his place amongst his fellow men. And if I judge Mr. Osborne rightly, were he that unfortunate being who wanted the opportunity he would not question too closely the motive but be extremely grateful for the chance to work out his own salvation. Something too has been said about the pittance offered for skilled labour and taking advantage of a man's misfortune. Well I hare been identified with skilled and unskilled labour for more years now than I care to remem- ber and if stripping paper from a wall is skilled labour then I have something more to I earn. And there are scores of men in Warrington doing far more laborious work tinder worse conditions who would be glad to get sd. or 6d. per hour. lam sorry that it is so,but unfortunately it is. Also I hesitate to believe that although there may be some 30 other men out of work in the town,that that fact should be considered sufficient argument to consign another to perpetual pauperism. It is regrettable that we are at all times confronted with the men out of work and the men who want work. And until we reach that happy millenium when there will be work enough for each and all of us, and happiness and content will follow the results of each one's labour, I feel we ought rather to be grateful to those individuals who respond to the solicitations of others, and try to help them upward and onward, and trust that in the present criticisms their part of public service and usefulness will not be readily forgotten. May it be very long before the springs of charity are dried up, is the earnest hope of yours very truly, PATRICK O'BRIEN. 125, Wilderspool-road.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
MEXICAN RUBBER.

The Chilian Exploration and Development Syndicate Limited has received unique photographic views taken by Mr. Trencher (chairman of the Syndicate) and Mr. Brewer (director of the Syndicate),on the Syndicate's Castilloa Rubber plantations, State of Oaxaca (the garden spot of Mexico.) These photographs may be seen at the Syndicate's London Offices 20,Bucklersbnry London B.C. In a letter dated on the estates, October 21st, 1906 Mr.Treacher,in recording the first experimental tapping of the rubber trees by Mr. Brewer and himself, states that from Castilloa trees measuring 3ft. 71n. in circum- ference, he took about 30 ounces of rubber latex, which flowed freely, and from which, after coagulation, 12 ounces of rubber of very fine quulity was obtained equal to the best Para Rubber. This was the initial tapping only, and did not include the rubber which over- flowed the incisions made in the tree (scrap rubber). Other tappings of trees 3ft. ilin. to Oft. -lin, in circum- ference, and from 10 to ROft. in height, yielded varying quantities of excellent quality of rubber. Most gratifying results were obtained from the indigenoul Castilloa trees in the plantations, the latex flowed abundantly after tapping, about 130 fluid ounces being taken from one tree alone (without scrap rubber) initial tapping only, and each tree may be tapped at least twice in each yeal, yielding an increasing amount of rubber each time. There were thousands of similar indigenous trees in the immediate forest, besides those indigenous trees amid the plantation, all trees capable of giving :Abs. of the finest rubber, first tapping. Another important feature Mr. Treacher observed was ' numberless rubber saplings amid the plantation, At least 50,000 of which are quite ready to be utilised for extending the plantation. Mr. Brewer enclosed a certi- ficate showing that he had counted 18,710 Castilloa Elastics trees on one of the Syndicate's plantations. Mr. Preacher has sent an important expedition into the vast forests (over 20 square miles in extent, abound- ing in valuable woods, some being suitable for railway sleepers) on the Syndicate's Freehold Land Estates, the expedition's chief object being to ascertain the approximate number of the wild Castilloa trees therein, and to make trial tappings thereof), which expedition would occupy about four weoks.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. C. E. PARKER AND THE NON-TRADERS.

REPLY FROM MR. DODDS.

[To THE EDITOR OF TIIF "Eximyke.l Sir,—Mr. Charles E. Parker is more Inimorous than ever in his letter in your last week's issue. If he will only perservere, the dreariness which he says has surrounded or engulfed the Non-trading controversy will have disappeared and soon we shall be holding our sides in the very ecstacies of mirth! Take three points in his letter. (1). He accuses me of having violated the confidence of private intercourse, that is conversation—by having asserted that he had decided against the Non-Traders before he had mastered their platform. The charge of violating the confidence of private intercourse has a dreadful sound about it, until we remember that in this self-same lettcr Mr. Parker had, and without notice or permission, actually produced an opinion of mine expressed to him in a private note upon some of the proposals of the Temperance Legislative League which he had asked me to join ! Even assuming that Mr. Parker has any right to complain, which he had not, as I am about to prove, or even going so far as to admit that two blacks do not make a white, I can still claim that what I said had a direct bearing upon the subject under discussion, while what Mr. Parker has introduced had nothing to do with the controversy, is not at all on parallel lines with it, and was a characteristically thoughtless and possibly a mischievous digression. Let me now refresh Mr. Parker's memory. Early in 1902, at an industrial business meeting near Liverpool, Mr. Parker offensively suggested to me as chairman that a certain commercial arrangement he was approving was contrary to my Non-Trading ideals. I asked him if he understood the Non-Trading principles. He said " No, and I don:t want to."I may add that this is not the only time he had attacked me on this subject at similar meetings, nor the second, nor even the third time. (2) Mr. Parker seems to complain that Non-Traders are lacking in powers of discernment and are unable to comet° correct and logical conclusions in connection with the subject they have at any rate made a special study of for so many years ! But anyone who com- plains on this score ought to give substantial proof that he is himself standing on safe ground. A teacher must be beyond suspicion in the eyes of his scholars. flow, then, stand Mr. Parker's methods and reasoning? In opposite columns I now append (Ist) what I wrote and (2nd) Mr. Parker's version of what I wrote. WHAT I WROTE. MR. PARKER'S VERSION.

"We are more than "Mr. Dodds boasts that thankful to know that the rank and file of both many of the party to political parties are with which they (Mr. Parker him." and his colleagues) belong have been able to see the

rights and wrongs of the controversy and to give

us their

whole-heated

support, just as the rank and file of the Conserva-

tive party have stood by and shown their leaders

which way honour lay." As to Mr. Parker's methods. In the line and a half covering his version of what I wrote, as given above, there are at least two mis-statements. I made no boast, I did not say that the rank and file of both parties were with me, and I did not say that the rank and file of , both parties were even with the Non-Traders. This is pretty good from a man who unctuously calls for "charity" and for a "more excellent way"; who at the same time is seeking to crush a body of men who at personal loss of time and means have brotmht back civic purity to Warrington, and from one who has so shamelessly misquoted me in order to get in another fling at my failure to carry the Latchford seat. Surely the Warrington people know me well enough to be sure that even if they were to desert me on this ques- tion, I should never desert them or their best interests as I conceive them.

Now as to Mr. Parker's reasoning. He says " Mr. Dodds boasts that the rank and file of both political parties are with him. All I need say to this is, that if such is the case the rank and file in the Latchford Ward have a strange way of showing it.' As I have shown I made no such boast, but had I done so I submit with some humility that it is difficult for one to arrive at a just conclusion on any subject unless one takes all the known facts into cbnsideration. If Mr. Parker will look at the way the rank and file of the political parties have done their duty, as reflected by the constitution of the Town Council to-day, he will find that the Non- Traders have more elected members than any other party. "Anyone who cannot in a controversy dis- tinguish between broad results and local incidents must be confused." (The words quoted are Mr. Parker's). (3). Mr. Parker trots out the threadbare and over- used argument that he believes in municipal purity, but he disagrees with the methods that have been adopted to secure purity. The answer to this stock-in-trade balderdash of all our opponents throughout the last six years, is that they have never shown any anxiety to substitude better methods for those we have adopted, and which still hold the field in the absence of the better means which some men in town and some out of it have been dreaming of—and onlydreaming of—for the last half dozen years while we have been hard and seriously at work. So far as I have been able to make out, and I have done my poor best to grasp his mean- ings' Mr. Parker's method would allow the Council to slip back into its bad old ways, and to improve upon its bad old ways, for he would consent to its members receiving not only payment for goods supplied, but for services rendered. That would be quite logical, for the two things go together as a question of right and wrong, but I submit it would scarcely command our admiration as a better method of purifying the Corpora- tion than the one the Non-Traders adopted on the recommendation of a member of His Majesty's present Government and which has enabled them to sweep the traders and all other axe-grinders out of the Council. In regard to Mr. Parker's unique view as to paying members of Councils, I absolutely decline to waste my time in answering a man who, if he would give a inoment's thought to the subject would see that to 'compare the payment of members of Town Councils for services rendered, as such, with a proposed nominal allowance to Members of Parliament in order merely to neutralise differences of distance from Westminster and other inconveniences, and not in any sense for services rendered is nothing more nor less than ridiculous. M.P.'s while Parliament sits give all their time,--many of them live hundreds of miles from London—and the proposed payment is only meant to recoup exceptional outlay just as now, if any Councillor leaves his town, on his town's business, his railway fares, food and lodging, are paid for. There is no intention of paying Mr. A. H. Crosfleld, say at the rate of £5,000 a year. which he would probably consider little enough for his services or £250 to Mr. John Ward which would I believe satisfy him, but simply in all cases to meet expenses which are already met, on the same principle, in segard to members of public bodies. In the sense of paying members of Parliament or members of public bodies for their services, there is nothing to warrant the suggestion of any coming change in the sound public policy which has ever ruled that no personal interest shall accrue to any kind of public representative as the result of his membership of a public body. The Government of to-day and the House of Commons, in reference to the acts of their respective members, are more scrupulously exacting in this regard than ever before and the Municipal Corporations Acts specifically enact that trading or the receiving of profit or payment by members of Corporations renders such members ineligible to hold office. So also in the last Education Act, members are under the same strict rules as members of other public bodies. Mr. C. E. Parker, however, is for displacing all this ; the accumulated experiences of the ages down to this time have no weight with him ; he ;tees forth, let the earth tremble !and let all the people fall on their faces! The truth is, Mr. Parker does not yet understand the A.B.C. of the Non-Trading platform. He says he wants to use your space by keeping to the " main issue" which he takes "to be whether or not the methods of the Non-Traders to establish municipal purity are the best that can be employed." Mr. Parker very well knows that that is not the main issue, although the Non-Traders are quite prepared to defend their methods. I raised the issue, and it was stated by me with, I think, the utmost clearness in the question I put to the Liberal Chairman and party in your issue of the 3rd instant. The Conservatives having come into full line with us ; what were the Liberal Chairman and party goirr,' to do ? I don't admit Mr. Parker's rather disingenlieug claim that he holds in the local Liberal party both the positions held in the local Conservative party by Sir Gilbert Greenall and Mr. W. Peter Rylands, namely, president and chairman respectively, though I can quite realise that Mr. Parker is not the man, if he can help it, to brook two Richmonds in any field in which he plays a part. The late Mr. John Itylands and my friend Alderman Pierpoint were for many years respectively Liberal president and chairman. I had a great deal to do with the former, and he invariably spoke of Alder- man Pierpoint as the party chairman. The point is unimportant however,but my appeal was naturally made to the man in the Liberal camp,whose predecessor at the memorable Council meeting of January 7th, 1902, stated in relation to what is now locally known as immoral trading. that it should not be called into question as long as it was legal. The Conservative leader in the Council on that date endorsed the Liberal leader's view, as also did the Council itself.

- Five years have passed ; the present Conservative Chairman, with a straightforwardness such as might might have been expected from a gentleman of the standing of Mr. W. Peter Itylands, came forward on the eve of the recent elections and stated without qualifica- tion that the objection taken in the past by the Non. Traders in respect of trading had been rightly taken. Since the Latchford election and on further reflection, he voluntarily says that no payment should be made to any member of the Council for work done for the Corporation or by the Corporation and that if possible it would be desirable that the Mayor's Auditor should be selected from outside ths ranks of the Corporation. So that so far as the Conservative party in Warrington is concerned, the abstract principle for which I raised

the Non-Trading flag in Latchford has already been triumphantly vindicated, and I am sure that even Mr. Parker will believe that the Conservative acceptance of , the principle I championed is a greater satisfaction to ' me than any merely personal success at the poll could ; have been ! _

If this frank and full, though tardy acceptance of the Non-Trading platform by the Conservatives is a credit to them and a satisfaction to me, the conduct of the Liberal Leaders has throughout been such as to make I me ashamed to be associated with them in the field. Can ! or can I not have a straightforward answer to a straight- forward question from the Chairman of the liberal party in Warrington ? That question is : Do you stand whore your Council leader stood five years ago when he said that immoral trading, if legal should not be called into question, or do you at last admit that the Non-Traders' objection to such trading has all along, as Mr. Rylands says, been rightly taken, and that it shall never again be tolerated in Warrington? Surely the results of the Parliamentary election and of the two last November municipal elections should have opened the eyes of the so-called Liberal leaders. On January 9th last, Mr. A. H. Crosfield wrote me that he was certainly opposed to any member of any public body deriving any profit or payment in any way whatever by reason of such membership, and that he would vote for a bill making any such derivation of profit illegal if done through limited companies or in any other indirect way. Mr. Crosfield was elected. How different the story of the last two municipal elections. Twelve months ago the three contests were between Liberals and Non-Traders ; the latter were easy winners all round. In the election on the first of this month the Liberals did not win a single contest, the Non- Traders and the Conservatives gaining a seat each as compared with three years ago. In short, municipally the Liberal leaders are impotent,and the party is almost hopelessly divided and distracted. Mr. Parker seems to feel slighted that I did not directly appeal to him. As already explained, my question was intended for the successor of Councillor Tinnion in the Council, but had this not been so I should not have gone to Mr. Parker. The Non-Traders were ' at first buffetted and besmirched, they were denounced up hill and down dale. Mr. Parker was against them,of con-se. In 1002 the wind veered round a bit. He began to say there was something in their contention. Then the flag seemed to droop, the Non-Trading leader was defeated at the poll and Mr. Parker comes forward to kindly settle matters and bring peace. This would be all very funny if it were not so serious. Mr. Parker has proved himself in this and other matters a rank opportunist ; hence if the Liberal party is anxious to set itself right in this matter of Non- Trading it will have to be guided by someone who has a more consistent record than Mr. C. E. Parker. Many of the party have allowed themselves to be led by the nose and a fine figure they have cut in consequence, as I have already shown. The leader who is wanted is a man who knows his own opinion and not one who is swayed from side to side by every passing breeze ; a man who says : " If it is right I will support it," and not one whose question constantly is " will it pay ? " or "Will it put me on top? If so lain in favour of it." In a word we need nowadays strong men and not mere wobblers !

I cannot allow Mr. C. E.Parker to step superciliously forward at this time of day and assert that Non-Trading and Municipal Purity are not synonymous terms. Broadly stated the Non-Trading platform is that no one shall prostitute his public position for his private ends and therefore Non-Trading and Municipal Purity are one and the same thing. It is true that the Non- Traders in the Warrington Council have been zealous for the ratepayers' interests in other fields than that strictly covered by the Non-Ting principle. For instance they have worked against and stopped certain ill-advised spending schemes such as the £90,000 for new waterworks at Daresbury and the £11,300 for unneces- sary additions to the Technical Schools. They have also kept their eye upon the notorious Lawson contract with its extras to the tune of £50,000, and they have opposed such property deals as those with Messrs. Birtles, Garnett and Edlesten. These are the methods I presume that Mr. Parker is doubtful about, but what in any case does it all amount to? I am satisfied that in none of these transactions have the interests of the ratepayers been properly safeguarded by the majority of their representatives. If voted twice against the arrangement with Mr. Parker's brother-in- law, Mr. R. E. Garnett, solely because I was never satis- fied in my conscience that it was for the advantage of the general body of the ratepayers of Warrington. I I have found out since what my votes against "interest " have meant! In the Latchford election I had against me all the " interests " I had ever opposed in the Council. I hat' voted with one other Councillor against the sale of the George licence to the brewers. (I wanted it esstinguished.) I was largely responsible for the stopping of all improper trading. My party were against the election of Mr. Luke Ellison to the Aldermanic bench and I had twice voted against the Garnett deal (the unnecessary 40 feet street),and so on the Ist November the big brewers, the Slate Com- pany, Luke Ellison, a brother of Mr. Garnett and brother-in-law of Mr. Parker were all in evidence in the Latchford Ward,professedly in the cause of the right to payment of a Mayor's Auditor and backed by all ths business and family ramifications of those whose interests at one time or another I had had in the Council to oppose. Mr. Parker, so far as I know, was not there in person but he was there in heart and sym- pathy, and he desires it to be known that if he had had a vote he would have been there in person to register it in favour of my opponent. For oh ! Mankind is strangely weak And little to be trusted, If self the wavering balance shakes It's rarely right adjusted. I don't know what you or your readers will think of a man who stood idly by while say a great fire raged, and who, when the conflagation had been got entirely under came forward to find fault with the methods of the men who at the risk of their lives and by strenuous and sustained effort had saved life and property ; the complaint being that the men had used water which though effective for their purpose was not so clean or " excellent "as some their critic knew of ! This has been Mr. Parker's ,attitude and coarse in relation to the greatest moral movement which has been seen in War- rington during the thirty years I have been associated with it. For my part this correspondence with Mr. Parker is at an end. Is it likely that "the battle over, the victory won " lam now going to further shorten the term of my natural life in order to give Mr, Parker some kind of opportunity of further damning me with faint praise and of superciliously discrediting the men who have so heroically backed me. Yours &c., JAMES DODDS. November 29th, 1906.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, December 1, 1906.

EETTER FROM MR. S. KENYON.

Sir,—l have read Mr. Parker's letter in reference to Latchford Ward Election, Mr. Dodds and other matters. Mr. Parker's remarks about the President of the Liberal Association, Chairman of Committees are not of much public interest, so I need not notice them. The first sentence to which I wish to refer reads as follows : "Non-Trading and Municipal Purity are not synonymous terms and it is quite logical to be doubtful of the one and heartily in sympathy with the other." I BM not aware that any one has ever said that Non-Trading and Municipal Purity are synonymous terms, but is the trading objected to by the Non-Traders desirable ? Does it tend to promote good government and disinterestedness in public life ? That is the important question, and Mr. Parker in his letter has wandered from it. Yet disinterestedness in public life is one and perhaps the most important factor in promoting the welfare of civilized mankind. In other countries the selfishness of public men in public life has produced anarchy, and there is nothing of more importance than to prevent it, and Mr. Parker's refer- ence to the Temperance Legislative League is out of place for no one need have anything to do with that organisation,but ratepayers cannot avoid being connected with the Corporation of the town in which they live. Nor can they without degradation quietly without a protest submit to be misgoverned. The improper pro- ceedings of the Corporation caused the Non-Trading agitation. Let those who find fault with the methods of the Non-Traders improve the methods of the Cor- poration, for that would be a great service to the town. Mr. Parker's political reference to the payment of Members of Parliament is also foreign to the subject, for the Non-Traders have no politics, nor do they care to what party their supporters and members belong. Labour members of Parliament are not paid by the country, but by the organizations which they represent, and no one has anything to say against it. But that is quite a different thing to the payment ef members of Parliament by the country or the payment of Town Councillors by the ratepayers for the one is voluntary and the other would be compulsory. It is also quite a different thing for municipal Corporations to pay Town Councillors for any special service which they may render. In reference to Latch ford Ward election per- haps I may be allowed to state that owing to the illness of the chosen candidate Mr. Dodds was very late in the field. The Ward was not looked after and but little canvassed. Considering these circumstances and all • the influences that were against him' it would have been a marvel if he had been elected. It was with the greatest reluct- ance that Mr. Dodds consented to contest the Ward, and in so doing he made a very great personal sacrifice for a noble cause.

—.--. "Oh, great the hero who wins a name But greater and greater many a time The true and the brave they wrongly blame, For God will finish their work sublime."

===== 0002601_19061201_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
S. KENYON.

Social at Great Sankey. A social was held on Friday November 23rd at the Butcher's Arms Hotel in connection with the Sankey St. Mary's Association Football Club. After the mem- bers and friends had partaken of refreshments, songs were given by: Messrs. J. Emson, A. W. Clarke, C. S. Stelfos, A. Appleton, S. Cash, W. Chadwick, 0. Batty, &c., which contributed greatly to the evening's amusement. Mr. Stelfox also gave a few selections on the gramophone, which were much appreciated. Mr. Graley spoke regarding the welfare of the club and hoped that all the members would rally together and make the club a success.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE CUP FINAL

Warrington's Prospects at Wigan.

LBy " Ovalist."]

The Warrington men are once more in the :final round of a Cup Competition. They have bulked largely in such contests in recent years, and have earned a reputation for prowess equalled by few clubs in the Northern Union. When there is a cup to be fought for, it has usually been the case that Warring- ton have had some say in its ultimate destination, though they have not always brought it to Warring- ton. The present Competition is a new one— originated last season when Wigan became first holders of the Lancashire Senior Cup. Then, War- rington succumbed in the first mama, which has been Wigan's fate this season. To-day's final is to be played on the Wigan ground, Warrington's opponents being the famous Broughton Rangers. The latter have long been recognised as the crack League team, but in Cup Competitions they have not so formidable a record as the Warrington men.

The progress of the two Clubs in the present com- petition is here shown in detail: For Against. _

G. T. P. G. T. P. Warrington 5 731 Leigh 3 418 7 11 47 Barrow - - -

„ 91

14 20 SS

8 634

For Against. G. T. P. Broughton ...... ~.... 7 14 56 Liverpool lf 1 1 5 Runcorn 0 0 0 'I.

13 20 83

1 1 5

An analysis of the above figures would suggest that the Rangers have the better defence and are quite Warrington's equal on the attack, and that the odds therefore should be in their favour. Personally, lam inclined to say that, on the season's form and bearing in mind their cap-fighting capabilities the odds should incline to Warrington's side. In any case there is not much to choose between the contesting teams and a rare battle for supremacy is certain. If fine weather only prevails there should be a game worth going miles to sea.

The only matter for regret is that Warrington are not likely to be absolutely at full strength. Efforts to heal the breach with Isherwood were unavailing no to the time the team was selected on Thursday night, and Dickenson retained the position h 5 has filled so well of late. There is only one Isherwood, however, and with him on the team the effectiveness of the famous left wing is ;doubled. Fish always plays better with his old partner and there will be much regret at Isherwood's absence. Of course, seeing that he has been unable to play for over six weeks owing to injury there would have been some risk in selecting him for this important encounter had everything else been "0.K." Dickenson usually plays a grand cup-tie game and if he will not forget that he has the best wing in the Northern Union on his left he should till the bill completely. Fish is reported quite well again, and in better condition than he has been for weeks, while the training reports indicate that the men will be able to go the full eighty minutes at the hottest pace. I have only one qualification to make. If the Warring- ton forwards can make amends for their feebleness at Broughton and beat the Rangers' pack to-day the cup will come to Warrington !

The selected teams are as follows : Warrington :—Berry, full back ; Fish, Dickenson, Taylor and Brooks, threequarters ; Lees and Hocken- hall, half-backs : Preston, Boardman, Thomas, Heath, Harmer and Naylor, forwards. Broughton Rangers : —Barlow, full back ; Hogg, Wilson, C. James and Harris, threequarters ; S. James and Flynn, half-backs ; Mottram Clampitt, Darlison, Whitehead, Beetham, and Ruddick or Oram, forwards. _ _

Referee, 'Mr. J. H. 'Smith (Widnes)—who i hope will be in better form than he was at a certain final between Halifax and Warrington a few years ago !

t Pr . :.." ..—aim, . ........,_ , ...., if '4O: I.:‘ 4,it .4161 K --t•,,,, 3 4.41F1P74•07 -' • .x„..,. , i,r tilf, i"' ' * 1 14!.t) • ilk ...*_. ..._.___ -I- -u•,••.

The Lancashire Senior Cup is a massive one of solid silver, its weight being over 145 ounces. In the centre is a life-like Rugby football scene done in very high relief. On the stem is a shield bearing in brilliant enamels the Lancashire arms in correct heraldic colours. The medals, as will be seen from the illustration are circular in form' haying in the centre the Arms of Lancashire and Cheshire, with a Lancashire Rose above, all done in correct heraldic colours. Round is the inscription. They are of 15ct. gold and both cup and medals have been designed and manufactured by Messrs. l'attorini and Sons, Bradford. -- Warrington's new half-back, who has been playing under the name of Wilson, turns out to be T. 11. Jenkins of Treherbert, South Wales. He has put his signature to the necessary form and I think will prove a useful man to the Club. His display for the "A " team in the last two matches has been con- sistently good. He passes very cleanly and "beats his man" in the most approved style. Jenkins, who was brought here by Shugars, is a sturdily-built fellow, standing 51t., 7in., and scales nearly 11 stone, whilst he has youth on his side, having only just reached his majority.

Warrington did as well as was expected at Hunslet, where they scored ten points against the home team's 10 points. Seeing that such men as Fish, Isherwood and Lees were absent, this was not a bad performance. I did not expect Warrington to win—they very rarely do at Parkside —and their chances were lessened by illness and injury. Hunslet started off in great style and in a quarter of an hour had put together the formidable total of 8 points to Warrington's none. Then the visitors managed to stem the tide and Dickenson galloped over in fine style from a cross- kick by Hockenhall. At half-time there was only five points between the teams.

Hun slet had an advantage for ward and at half-back and not long after resuming they scored again. Warrington had a look in though and Taylor dropped a goal— rather a novelty for the Widnes man. Later on Brooks dashed over at the corner from a pass by Hockenhall and Preston improved. There were prospects of a fight for supremacy at this stage but Jackson put the issue beyond doubt with another try for Hunslet.

The best men on the visiting side were the centres, both of whom played a strong game, while Berry and Brooks also did well. The forwards improved on some recent displays at heeling out, but were rushed off the ball in the loose now and then by the heavy home brigade. Albert Goldthorpe, as usual, played good football and troubled Warrington by his strategy.

On Monday, Warrington made amends for the loss of points at Hunslet by trouncing Swinton handsomely. Of course, they were on their own pet ground again, where they fear no foe in shining armour or any colour of jersey. Neither side was fully representa- tive, but Warrington's reserves proved themselves the most capable. The Blues seemed rather a sorry lot and were shorn of much of their greatness. There was a lot of difference in the weight of the teams and the home forwards had entirely their own way. For a long time Swinton defended valorously and Warrington missed chances by the hair's breadth and other things. Half-time was not very distant when Landor on the left wing scored his first try for the Warrington senior fifteen after a smart round of passing. These three points repre- sented all the scoring up to the interval, though Warrington had been much the superior side.

In the second half the home team's advantage was apparent in the scoring. Once they got going they swamped the Swinton men and points accrued with surprising rapidity. Brooks scored two capital tries which showed his pace and determination to " get there," and Dickenson, Thomas, Jordan, and Board- man one each. Knight and Preston—both of whom had shaped poorly before—kicked a couple of goals each and the final was 4 goals, 7 tries (29 points) to nil. All but three of the points came after half-time and it is thus apparent what a rout of the Blues there was.

The game was not a very classy exhibition, but this could hardly be expected with so many absentees. There were plenty of weak links in the combination eyen of the winners, while that of Swintou was a negligible quantity. The only man who distinguished himself on the visiting side was Dixon the full back who played a capital game against heavy odds. Brooks and Dickenson were the two best three-quarters on the home side, Taylor hardly shiring so much except in defensive work. Landor made a creditable first appearance on the left wing. Knight and Jordan I were erratic, but the latter made up for much by the way in which he combined with Hockenhall in a run from half way for the last try. It was the best bit of work the two halves did. Little need be said of the forwards, seeing that they gave satisfaction by swamping the opposition. Boardman deserves special mention however. It is the first time, I think, that lie has run in a try from half way despite a hot pursuit. He can move, notwithstanding his fourteen stones weight.

The following is the League Table up-to-date For Agst. Per-

P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P.centage. Runcorn ll 10 1 0 42 58 253 13 13 65 9090 Leeds ll 9 2 0 37 39 191 15 23 99 81.81 Broughton ll 8 2 1 43 49 233 15 17 81 7177 Halifax ll 8 2 1 40 31 182 14 21 91 7727 Wigan ,12 9 3 0 39 57 249 20 17 91 7500 Keighley lO 7 2 1 24 37 159 17 19 91 7500 Warrington 12 8 3 1 43 33 215 16 16 80 7083 Oldham l2 8 3 1 28 36 164 22 16 92 7083 Hunslet l2 8 4 0 38 49 223 30 34 162 6660 Batley lO 5 4 1 22 26 122 20 29 127 35.00 Salford ll 6 5 0 25 27 131 33 34 168 54'51 Swinton l2 6 6 0 32 45 199 28 33 115 5000 York lO 5 5 0 18 25 123 23 34 148 5000 Barrow ll 5 5 1 22 30 134 29 34 160 5000 Widnes 9 4 5 0 17 19 91 18 28 120 4444 Pontefract 7 3 4 0 11 11 64 22 34 140 4280 Rochdale l2 5 7 0 20 34 142 15 34 132 4166 Hull K.R. l2 5 7 0 16 36 140 21 30 132 41.66 Leigh l9 4 7 1 14 34 130 21 30 132 37.50 Wak'flld T l2 4 7 1 16 29 119 27 49 201 37.50 Hull 11 4 7 0 15 33 129 33 37 177 3636 Dewsbury ll 4 7 0 29 32 151 28 46 194 3630 Hud'sfleld l2 4 8 0 24 42 174 40 53 239 3333 Bradford —l2 3 8 1 25 40 170 25 33 149 294 St. Helens l2 3 9 0 22 26 122 27 46 192 25.00 Bramley l2 010 1 714 56 36 56 240 1250 Liverpl.C. l4 013 1 714 50 68 120 496 3'57

Hockey. As expected Brooklands were defeated on the Stockton Heath ground, though the game was of a very dis- appointing character chiefly caused through the ground not being properly prepared. Both sides were minuus good men, Brooklands suffering the more in this respect. The final score was 4-0, the goals being scored by R. Pierpoint, 2 ; S. Baxter,l ; Eric Fair- dough, 1.

The second eleven visited Brooklands, and won by two goals to one. This victory was no fluke being obtained by sound work right through the whole eleven. We hope this is the forerunner of many victories. The county match, Cheshire versus Nottingham, resulted in a win for Cheshire by six goals to one,though the Cheshire eleven were very disappointing, Robson being the only man in the defence to come off." Still it must not be forgotten that Cheshire are searching for "new blood."

The Stockton Heath Ladies Hockey Club opened their season on Wednesday last by playing a match with the Technical School (Girls) eleven at Padgate. The Heathens were not at full strength, being in fact two short, and as the school eleven are a very smart lot, especially their centre forward who is a born player, and keeps the game open in almost a brilliant manner ; the result was never in doubt. The final score was 0-0, but as seven goals were obtained in the first half, it will be seen that the lady "Heathens " were gamo to the last.

On Saturday next the Stockton Heath eleven play Western I. and 11., when the following teams will represent Stockton Heath : First Eleven (away) : R. G. Pierpoint, goal; E. E. Woods and E. Pierpoint (capt.), backs ; Eric Fair- dough, A. H. Rathbone and J. G. Hatton, halves; R. Pierpoint, S. Baxter, W. H. Banks, W. Richardson and H. Dolan, forwards. Referee, W. Carter. Train leaves Central Station 12-50.

Second eleven (home) : C. S. Woods, goal ;P. B Hawtin (captain) and Egerton Fairclough backs ; 0. M. de Jong, J. Houghton and H. W. Guest, halves ; A Hodgkinson, H. Owen, C. S. Walker, C. S. Smith, W. H. Sutton, forwards. Referee, N. W.Bellamy. Bully-off 2.30 prompt.

, The following are the results of some of last Satur- day's matches. Yorkshire 4, Durham 0. Western 6, South Manchester 2. ' Timperley 3, Sale 1. Bowden 4, Kersal 0. Chester 3, St. Margaret's 0. Winnington Park 3, Latchford 1. Oxton 3, New Brighton 'IV. 2. West Derby 5, Huyton 0. Bebbington 5, West Kirby 3.

A . ,litiok --,-,---,-,---„-, .71.'‘I'. f,.. ' •'\,- \ .0.1.4. ~..„„.,..,,, ~...,. ~,,.,...- - Alir 4

===== 0002601_19061201_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T DELAY IF YOU FEEL ''OUT OF SORTS."

Or if you have a friend whose constitution has been weakened, whether by overwork of brain or body by exposure to the weather, by working long hour in, ill-ventilated rooms, by recent sickness, or by any cause I tending to weaken the bodily powers ; in a word, if he I is one who suffers from any form of complaint which may be the result of any of the above or similar causes; if, for instance, you can see that he is troubled with 1 Indigestion, the bane of our Country and of modern civilisation; or, if you think he has Low Spirits, that sure sign of some Nervous Disorder, bringing in its I train a host of other complaints such as Melancholy, 1 Lassitude &c., or, perhaps, Neuralgia, and frequently, Sleeplessness, which of itself is sufficient to weaken the rongest constitution, and to make life a burden; or, if being free from these, he is regarded by his friends or himself as being of a delicate constitution, subject to Bronchitis, Coughs, Colds, a tendency to Consumption, or other Chest Affections, and if he, like thousands of others, failed to get relief from other remedies,tell him he need not be disheartened, that there is one Remedy whose virtues are so great, that it has succeeded where others have failed, and that there is hope he may be cured,as thousands of others have been cured before him by making a sensible and timely use of Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. If your friend then gives it a fair trial, he will be fully convinced, as others have been, that this is the Best Remedy of The Age. You or your friend may, ask "What is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters 2" . It is a Preparation now extensively taken throughout the country by patients suffering from Debility, Nervousness, and General Exhaustion, and if any value be attached to human 1 testimony, the efficacy of this medicine bas been suc- cessfully established. Its claims have been tested and proved by the medical profession and others, and corro- borated by the written testimonials of eminent man. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters contain not only as suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose, but the active principles of the following well-known herbs— Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Lavender, Burdock, and Dandelion. The use of Quinine is well kown but it has never been satisfactorily combined with these preparations, until after overcoming considerable difficulties, the Proprietor was able to secure a perfectly uniform preparation, combining lli the essential properties of the .above plants in therg greatest purity and concentration.. It is now estab- lished as a family medicine,and is increasing in popular favour the more it is known and tested. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a tonic " Pick-me-up" scientifically mixed in happy proportions. Sold everywhere in bottles, 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each. Should any difficulty b, experienced in procuring Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it will be forwarded carriage free for the above prices by the Sole Pro- prietors : The Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. We particularly caution our readers against imitators, and impress upon them the importance of always seeing that the name " Gwilym Evans "is on the Label, Stamp, and Bottle, without which none is genuine.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
TREE PLANTING AT STOCKTON HEATH.

ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATED.

The Smoke Nuisance.

There ware rejoicings at Stockton Heath on Saturday afternoon over the anniversary of tree planting day. They took the form of a public meeting, at which numerous congratulatory speeches were delivered, and the planting of more trees. It is evident that very great interest is taken in the movement by the villagers and there was a large attendance at the public meeting which was held in the Chnrch Institute, Victoria Square, under the presidency of Mr. F. Monks, of Walton Old Hall. Amongst those present were :—The Mayor of Warrington (Alderman Smethurst), Canon Morley Stevenson,Councillor Fulton Smith, Dr. Parker, MessrA. W. E. Bindloss, W. H. Woodcock, C. Plinston, H. J. Westbrook, H. Roberts, G. J. Brown, and A. Fawcett (secretary). Letters of apology for non-attendance were received from 1 Mr. and Mrs. Vere B. Davies, Mr. E. J. Hall, Mr. Arthur Down, Mrs. W. B. Roberts, Mrs. Markel, Mrs. Pendlebury, Alderman and Mrs. Fairolough, and Mrs. A. J. Willett.

The Chairman said he was glad to see that such pro- gress was being made by the movement which had been inaugurated to make Warrington and its suburbs more pleasant and healthy. (Applause.) He did not think manufacturers ought to emit dense volumes of black smoke and smother their neighbours any more than they could help. It was, however, much easier to talk about doing away with smoke than to actually do away with it. As far as he had tried, he could not reoom- mend it to anyone else on purely economical grounds. (Laughter.) For those who had to conduct large works such as those with which he was associated, the time had not yet come when they could do without making a lot of black smoke. They had to do the best they could, and he thought in time they would be able to emit less smoke and a great deal more carbonic acid. Mr. Roberts was connected with a works which made great claims to have achieved economical results from consuming their own smoke. But they were not puddling iron. (Laughter.) They were making soap and chemicals, and he had no doubt they found they could economise with advantage, but it was not so with puddling and making steel. For the present they would have to put up with the nuisance if they liked to call it so, and do the best they could to make their surroundings pleasant. That was the object of the Tree Planting Committee, and of their meeting that day. (Applause.) Mr. Monks then proceeded to give the audience several hints based OD his own experi- ence in gardening and tree planting, and particularly advised them to plant young saplings rather than old trees.

- in--asking the Mayor of Warrington to address the meet- ing the Chairman warmly congratulated Alderman Smethurst on the honour which had been conferred upon him.(Applause.)That was about his first public appearance as chief magistrate and he could not have lent his support to a better object. (Applause.) The Mayor congratulated the people of Stockton Heath on the vitality of the tree planting scheme and said the meeting that day was even larger and more representative than those which were held at Warring- ton in connection with the movement for beautify ing the town. He hoped the efforts they were making to increase the attractiveness of Stockton Heath would be attended with success They were rather rough in Warrington at times' con- tinued the Mayor, but if Stockton Heath were as big as Warrington he almost thought they would be rougher. (Laughter.) The tree-planting had aroused opposition in some quarters, but whatever they did it would not please everybody. The appearance of the village was much improved, and he believed they would in a short time have one of those garden cities which Canon Stevenson was so anxious to promote. The Mayor then alluded to the smoke nuisance, of which he said those who lived in Stockton Heath could have little concep- tion. He realized how difficult it would be to use patent stokers with puddling furnaces, but he thought the out- put of smoke from other sources might be considerably reduced. (Hear, hear.) It was, he believed, largely due to the adoption of mechanical stokers that the Elec- tricity Committee were able to save £l,OOO per annum in their fuel bill. The Mayor concluded by wishing the Tree Planting Society the fullest measure of success. (Applause). Canon Morley Stevenson expressed his sympathy with the efforts they had made so well to beautify Stockton Heath. Of course, in planting trees it was obviously necessary to plant them in rows, but it had been borne in upon him lately that when it was possible to do so, it was a great improvement to plant trees in clumps.He thought they looked better and they sheltered each other from the rough winds. He might illustrate this by referring to that tasteful and beautiful addition which had been made to the corner at Walton by Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall's kindness. (Applause.) There they had in a ring fence a beautiful cluster of trees and shrubs which would in time be a great ornament to the district. With regard to the smoke question, he was perfectly certain it was not a bit of use to use hard words about the people who emitted smoke from factory chimneys,because he did not believe any manufacturer in the town wished to send out black smoke to the annoyance of other people any more than he could help. It was just as unreasonable to say hard' things of a man who in the course of his profession and duty was obliged to send forth a certain amount of smoke, as it would be to accuse a butcher of cruelty because he slew a sheep. (Laughter). He hoped, how- I ever,that the manufacturers would do their best to reduce the amount of black smoke emitted to the greatest possible extent. (Hear, hear.) Many people had spent large sums of money on various experiments and he I could quite conceive that when they heard hard things I said about the emission of black smoke they must feel it rather a hardship. Mr. Monks had been one of the foremost in trying to lessen the amount of smoke which came from the chimneys at his works and he had succeeded to a great extent, although it had not been economical to do it. He (Canon Stevenson) had great faith in the future. He had friends who were scientific people and from talking to them he had reason to believe that the time was not very far distant when the progress of science would enable them to discover methods by which the smoke nuisance might be I very largely diminished if not entirely abolished. He was inclined to say that ten years hence when the people met to celebrate Tree Planting Day they would find that a very great difference had been made in the emission of black smoke and -that the sky would be much clearer in Warrington even than it was on such a beautiful autumn day as that. (Applause.) He hoped the progress of the movement at Stockton Heath would be such that when Warrington people were asked where they were going to spend a holiday the reply would be, "At Stockton Heath, of course." (Laughter and applause). Dr. Parker succeeds in imparting humour to "tree planting" gatherings and on this occasion his address was characteristic.We give some choice passages: —" We are mete" said the doctor "as you all know, to celebrate the anniversary of Tree Planting Day—a day which will ever be regarded as one of the worthiest and most memorable in the history of Stockton Heath. Posterity assembling to celebrate that day with due ceremony and joy, will meet as we do now, but amid what enhaneed I surroundings! As for me, when I look forward into the future, and behold our children in the enjoyment of the full fruit of our labours, when I compare their environment with our own, though I do not envy theta their happiness, I am not without regret that such an environment as they shall possess could not at this moment be ours. But, deprived as we are of the lofty corridor, with its leafy canopy overhead, deprived as we are of the spacious park and its umbrageous groves, as a fit setting and brckground to our present function, we rejoice at the hoaour which is ours alone—the honour of having initiated for the health and entertainment of succeeding generations so beneficient a scheme as this of tree planting. (Applause). Too long have we in this commercial England been blind and callous to the wrongs done by our boasted civilisation to Nature-- Nature who is ever at the disposal of Art, to be ruled and directed by her for the service and delight of man ; and though at last our eyes are open, and we are attempt- ing to undo the misdeeds of the past, we are all too laggard yet in the work of reparation. But, thank Heaven ! a new era has opened, a new spirit is abroad throughout the land, the influence of which is strongly felt by the inhabitants of Stockton Heath. And, ladies and gentlemen, when I reflect that you in this village of Cheshire have been among the first in /your native land to recognise your country's obligations to Nature, and have already returned to her, within the short space of twelve months, as part payment of your debt, no less than 400 trees. (Applause). Having dealt with the formation of The Tree Planting Committee. Dr. Parker continued: " The strong in faith, communicated the good seed, planted by Providence into their own breasts, into the bosoms of others, and lo ! the good seed took toot on every hand and forthwith sprang up into a most prolific crop. But some of that good seed fell on sandy ground—for there is sand in Stockton Heath—(laughter)—and here and there yielded the promise of a tree or portion of a tree; but when the collector in due season went forth to collect there were not even buds of promise found, which proved the sterile nature of the ground. (Laughter). But seine seed had the misfortune to fall upon thorns, and unaccountably stirred up a wasps nest —(laughter)—and such activity of malevolent growth that the young and costly crop was threatened with destruction. But the trees, dear to the hearts of the people grew, notwithstanding, and multiplied and great derangement of mind and loss of equilibrium fell upon the thorns. If you had lost your reason or contracted indigestion in the dissipation and excitement of the times you had suffi- cient provocation but you remained calm, calm in the contemplation of your unselfish and philanthropic labour, and waited patiently for the millenium which you felt was soon to dawn, and if the satisfaction arising from the performance of good deeds is the harbinger of that Era of Peace, then the Millenium was fast approaching, and would soon have shone upon you in unsullied splendour, but alas, those Confounded

Thorns ! They were beginning to make your side sensible of their presence. Those who harboured rancour and resentment in their hearts, with a loud cry of "King's highway in danger" ! raised up a storm, and then all hopes of a Milleniurn sweetly stealing o'er us passed away. You had to prepare, it seemed, for the stress and strife of opposition ere you sat down in peace under your own vine and fig tree; thunder and lightening were in the air, and if the Milleniurn came at all, you would have to ' wait till the clouds rolled • by.' The benefactors of Stockton Heath were called approbrious epithets. They were styled a" Fraternity of Faddists,"" High faluten nonentities" "Innovating upstarts" and "Children of his Satanic Majesty." (Laughter). Their work was denounced as fraulat with mischief, pregnant with suffering for the saints of Stockton Heath. These trees would grow, for ' sooth, and efface the sun's rays by day, and the moon's light by night and Egyptian darkness would settle on the land." (Laughter.) Dr. Parker ' went on to contend that the presence of the trees . tended to improve the health of the neighbourhood and • the occupation of the doctors would be gone. But. • ladies and gentlemen," he continued "ere you despatch me, impoverished and attenuated, to Dutton Poorhouse to die and be no more, let me exhort you, with all the power of my enfeebled voice, in respect of this magni- ficent project of Tree planting, to brace yourselves up. , for one more heroic effort so that completion may . crown your work. Be actuated by the determination to have the whole scheme in the fullest compass realised. Stockton Heath ! join hands with Warrington ! who at your invitation, will willingly advance her leafy standards from Wilderspool to the boundary of your Swing Bridge. Embrace with alacrity and gratitude those wide extending banks proffered you by the generosity of the Ship Canal ! Prolong your avenues to Latchford, to Grappenhall and Lower Walton ! Adorn all your remaining vacant spaces; nor leave derelict thoseside streets,which, if neglected, will always envy your more favoured thoroughfares, while 1 they reproach you for your injustice and neglect ! Do this, and then, but not not till then, can Stockton Heath in real unvarnished truth be styled " The i Beautiful." ( Applause). . Mr. W. E. Bindloss said he believed the people of Stockton Heath had the advantage of living in one of the most charming neighbourhoods near any manufacturing town, but they wanted to make it more beautiful still. (Applause.) On coming home from abroad he was much struck with the squalid surroundings and almost heart-breaking appear- ance of so many thousand English streets in which our operatives lived. If the collective architectural genius of the world had been called together to make some- thing appallingly ugly and loathsome they could not have succeeeed better than they had done in the thousands of rows.of houses and streets in our English manufacturing towns. They wanted to inculcate a love of beauty in the people and the planting of trees would be a step towards that end. (Applause) The Rev. J. S. Hughes said he believed that all was peace in connection with the movement now.(Applause.) He thought they in the neighbourhood of Whitefield- road had been misunderstood in regard to the question. There was no attempt on their part to prevent tree- planting—in fact he thought the institution was one of the noblest in the village. (Applause.) The Society must recognize that some mistakes had been made but that only proved that they were really doing well and they must not be too sensitive to criticism. Mr. Plinston, in moving a vote of thanks to the ladies who had consented to plant trees, and to the Stockton Heath Forge Company for presenting spades, said he believed all little differences and bickerings were over, . and they were prepared to work harmonionsly together. (Applause). Mr. Westbrook seconded, and the vote was heartily accorded. Spades were presented to the following ladies who had promised to plant trees :—The Mayoress, Mrs. Henry Greenall, Mrs. Henry Roberts, Mrs. William Richardson, Mrs. Hughes, Miss Broadbent, Miss Greenall, Miss Plinston Mrs. Fawcett, Mrs. John Fair- hurst and Mrs. Woodcock. Miss Sylvia Broadbent responded to the vote of thanks and expressed the hope that Latchford would emulate the good example set by Stockton Heath, and that possibly the Garden Society might extend its operations to that district. (Applause). She hoped the movement to improve the physique of the people by universal military training would also receive their sympathy and be carried on along with the beautifying movement, as the two would go together splendidly. (Applause.) A vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman on the motion of Mr. G. J. Brown seconded by Mr. H. N. . Houghton. 1 It had been intended to plant more trees in ) Grappenhall-road but the arrangements could not be completed in time, and trees were therefore planted in ' Cavvdor-street in the presence of a very large gathering.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
SOAP COMBINE COLLAPSE.

Official Statement.

The following official statement has been issued : "The working arrangement entered into between the leading soap makers of the United Kingdom has beee received with such great disfavour by the trade and the public as to make it unworkable, and is it is clearly the first consideration to endeavour to satisfy the trade and the public, it has been decided to terminate the working arrangements from to-day (November 23rd). Each firm will, therefore, continue to conduct from this day its own business, as was done prior to the negotiations being entered upon, and entirely separate from each other. The working arrangement between the leading soap makers is now, therefore, absolutely and finally dissolved."

The parties to the amalgnmation were : Messrs. Joseph Ciosfield and Sons, Warrington. Messrs. Watson and Sons, Leeds. Messrs. Lever Brothers, Port Sunlight. Messrs. William Gossage and Sons, Widnes. Messrs. Tyson, Richmond, and Jones, Liverpool. Messrs. Hodgson and Simpson, Wakefield. Messrs. Edward Cook and Sons, London. Messrs. Christopher Thomas and Bros., Bristol. Messrs. J. Barrington and Co., Dublin. Messrs. Ogston and Tennant, Glasgow and Aberdeen 1 and Vinolia (Limited). MR. CROSPIELD, M.P., ON THE PUBLIC'eLOSS. Mr. A. H. Crosfleld, M.P., has made the following statement in an interview with a Press representative : —There can be no question that the cost of nroduction of a large proportion of soap manufactured in the I United Kingdom would have been reduced. Public opinion has been misled by sensational statements, and as our customers and their customers seem indifferent to the cost of production, we must cheerfully' accept the situation, though I think personally the arrange- ment would have been for the benefit of producers and consumers as a whole. Capable small makers were not oppressed under the rbgime of old soap association, neither would they have been oppressed under the new arrangement. The alleged "squeezing of the public," another statement intended to tickle the ears of the gallery, is absolutely without foundation. It is amusing to see that Mr. Arthur Chamberlain, who has been denouncing what he innocently- but foolishly called a "trust," now responds that one could not be broken up lat a single meeting. Of course, but it is no less amus- ing to see him plaintively complaining that this working arrangement is abandoned. Yet only the other day he was boasting of his individualism.

MESSRS. CROSFIELDS' CIRCULAR TO CUSTOMERS. Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Limited,Warring- ton, have issued the following circular to their customers : Dear sir,—We beg to advise you that the working arrangement entered into between ourselves and some of the leading soaprnakers of the United Kingdom has been received with such great disfavour by customers and the public as to make it unworkable, and as it is clearly our first consideration to endeavour to satisfy customers and the public, it has been decided to terminate this working arrangement as from to-day. We shall therefore continue to conduct, from to-day, our business as was done prior to the negotiations being entered into, and entirely separate from each Other. The working arrangements between the leading soap- makers in the United Kingdom is now therefore abso- lutely and finally dissolved.—Yours faithfully, Jos. CROSFIELD St SONS, LTD. 24th November, 1906. In a telegram to the " Dilly Dispatch," Messrs.. Crosfleld deny the existence of any secret understand- ing between them and any other firm. " What can we do more than declare emphatically that our company is absolutely and entirely separate and that no secret understanding exists ?" they ask.

A MURDERER RHPR lEV F.D.—.Tames George Bell lying under sentence of death at Norwich for the. murder of an old woman, was on Monday reprieved.

Marriage. COITES —ECK F,RSLEY.-00 November 28tb, 1906, at St. Mary's Church, Latchford, by the Rev. J. II- Roche, Percy Crozier, youngest son of the late - William Coates, of Friar's Gate, Warn i ngton, to Edith Mary, second daughter of Moses Eckersley of War- ington and Wigan. pLARt —0 RIF FlNlS—November 25th, at the parish Church, Warrington, by the Ray. T. A. J. RidPst"' Mary Jane Griffiths, to Peter Clare. rch GREEN—CLIFF—November 2Sth, at the Parish Chg,,,„,! Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Sarah Cliff, to Thomas Green.

Warrington.—Printed and published by . _ .7mm WALKER & Cu, at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same ace, and also at The Examiner ()aloes, Victoria-road WIDNES: 32, George-street, Sr. HELms: 3, Market Street, Ea.uLasTows; Church-street RUNCovs, Dec Ist, 1906.

===== 0002601_19061201_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19061201_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22ND, 1906. PRESENTATION WITH "THE EXAMINER," Ok- THE USUAL LARGE SHEET ALMANACK, EMBELLISHED WITH A FINE VIEW OF LIVERPOOL DOCKS, -- FIVE LOCAL EDITION'S Will be published containing Full Information corrected to the latest date as to TOWN COUNCILS PUBLIC OFFICES BOARDS OF GUARDIANS MINISTERS AND DISTRICT COUNCILS PLACES OF WORSHIP MAGISTRATES CARRIERS, Lc, • FOR THE FOLLOWING DISTRICTS : Burtonwood Newton Sankey Daresbury Orford Thelwall Earlestown Padgate Warrington Frodsham Penke th Winwick Grappenball Runcorn Widnes Halton St. Helens Weston Moore 'Stockton Heath "THE EXAMINER" (8 PAGES 56 COLUMNS) AND LARGE SHEET ALMANACK, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22ND, 1906. ONE PENNY.

BOL D STRE WESLEYAN CHURCH. WARRINGTON. ON SUNDAY NBXT DECIBMERE 2ND 1906. Morning 10.30. Rev. R. J. GAWNH. livening 6.30. Rev. J. MANNING. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BAPTIST CHURCH, GOL BORNE STREET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY NBXT, DBOBMBER 2ND, 1906. STUDENT, (Baptist College) Manchester. MORNING. 10.45. EVENING. 6 30. EVERYBODY WELCOME, HYMN BOOKS PROVIDED. Wednesday Evening Service 8.15.

pAPTIST CHURC EL LATCHFORD. LI TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) DECEM BER 2,1 n, 1906. JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. Morning 10,31 " Christ the Life." Evening 6. Special Sermon to Young People." OFFORTORIRS. WYCLIFFE CHURCH. BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2ND. 1906. PREAUNER : RSV. J. YONG% 10.30 and 6.30. EVENING SUBJECT s—" The Cup of Blessing. which we Bless." N.B.—The Ordinance of the Lord's Sapper after the Evening Service. USUAL OFFERTORIES.

POPULAR CONCERT. BOLD STREET SCHOOLROOM, TO-NIGHT (SATURDAY) at 7.30. AsTisTre : Mies G, HENSHALL, Miss LESTER, Mr. PLATT, Mr. GREENOUGH, Mrs. FOREMAN, L.C.M. HUMORIST: MR. ALT GROUNDS. Admiseion one!penny, Gallery two pence. MEETINGS FOR MEN ONLY.— TOFT'S ASSEMPLY ROOM, BRIDGE ST. I'”"IIRDAY EVENING. DECEMBER Bra AT 8. ADDRESSBY JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. • SUBJECT : "WRY SHOULD I PRAY ?" • BOORS PROVIDED. NO COLLECTION

PRBLIMINARY NOTICE. HOSPITAL SUNDAY, 1907. MARCH 101 R. ALF. J. JOLLEY, HON. SEC.

PARR HALL, WARRINGTON.-A GRAND CONCERT. ON BEHLLF OF THE WARRINGTON DISTRICT NURSING ASSOCIATION. ON FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7rn, BY GROSFIELD'S BRASS BAND, CHOIR 3; ORCHESTRA, ALSO A DISPLAY BY THE GIRLS' GYMNASTIC CLASSES. Admission :—Centre Circle, Reserved, 25.; Reserved Front Seats, Is. Back Gallery, 6d. ; Side Gallery and Body of Hall, 3d. Tickets may be had at the Time Office, Joseph Oro-- . field and Sons, Limited. Doors open at 7.30 p.m. Commence 8 p.m.

pAR It AA LL W ARRINGTO N. A MISCBLLANBOUS \ APPEAL CONCERT ON BEHILF OF TUE WIDOW AND FAMILY OF THE LITE 1 MR. JAMES FAGAN WILL BE GIVEN ON MONDAY NRXT DECEMBER 3an, 1906. UNDER THE PATRONAGE OF HIS wORIHIP THE MAYOR. COMMENCING AT 7.30 PROMPT. I PoPIMAR PRICES, is. Ed., is. and 6d. Ticket-holders Admitted 6.45 p.m. Doors open at? p.m NV' A RRING TON WOMEN'S LIBERAL I ASSOCIATION. GRAND SOIREE TO BR HELD AT THE , LION HOTEL, THURSDAY, NEXT DECEMBER 6TH. MUSIC IT MI WHIST DRIVE AT 8.0. SUPPBR AT 10.30. DANCING 11 To 1.30 A.m. SINGLE TICKET 3s. 6d.; Double Tickets (lady and gent) Be. To be bad at Mr. MM. ASHTON'S, 63, Sankey / street. an' at the LIBERAL CLUB. IMPORTANT :—All Tickets must he purchased on or , before Saturday. December lit, in order to arrange the Whist Drive.

1 WARRIN G T ON PEOPLE'S COLLEGE, ANNUAL CONCERT IN AID OF THE WARRINGTON INFIRMARY EXTENSION FUND. IN THE PARR HALL. ON THURSDAY, DECEMBER 20YE, 19)6. MISCELLANEOUS PROGRAMME. SONGS : NATIONAL, PATRIOTIC. HUMOROUS. PaseEs or Anaustok .—Reserved Chairs, Body of Hall and Centre Gallery, 2s. ; Reserved Seats, Body of Hall and Side Gallery, Is. 6d• ; Body of Hall and Side Gallery (Unreserved), Is. ; Back Seats, Body of Hall and Bach Gallery. ad, SCHOLARS ONLY HALF-PRICE TO ALL PARTS. Tickets may be obtained from the Teschera and Scholars and Retire. Pearson and Payton Ltd., Bridge St, Plan of Reserved Seats at Messrs. Pearson and Payton Ltd. Bridge St.. %rill be opened on Wednesday,Deo. 5, at 9 o'clock Doors Open to Ticket Holders at 6.30 ; to Non-Ticket prompt. Holders at 7.15. Concert at 7.30 I) m•

BEWSBY ROAD WKSLKYAN CHURCH, A ARRINGTON . 31sT ANNIVERSARY DECEMBER 2NI) AND 3RD, 1906. PREICAER : REV. GRORGR HARBOTTLE, Moreleir 10.30, Byenlng 630. at, which the Cholr will Bing 6" And the glory of the Lord "(from the Messiah) IMR. T. W. PRAWN WILL PLAY " THE SToEm." IN THE AFTERNOON AT 3 O'CLOCK A SPECIAL MUSICAL SERVICE BY THE CHOIR, MRB. ARTHUR BOOTH, Soprano, will sing" 0 Divine Redeemer ”--(lounod ; "gear ye. Israel "—Handel. MR' R. H. PEARSON Will play Violin Solos with Organ accompaniments. Solos by Mr. R. H. PRA.ROR. Anthems by the Choir. Seleetions on the Organ by Mr. T. W Praree CHAIRMAN fiLDERIKAN D. TINNION On Monday at 7130. Rev. GBOROB H&RBOT TIE will LECTURE : Subject •. GRAVE AND CRAIRVAIs : JOHN TAYLOR, FBR.• iri•D•S• Collection at each Service in MA of Trutt Funds.

SMOKE SUDLOW'S OLD BOY'S" TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE is. TD. PER LB. TIN; Es. PER LB. T. SUDLOW & CO., WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS, 15, WINWICK ST., & 65, BUTIERMARKET ST, TELEPHONE 414 Y. WARRINGTON.

S. FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS PRIIPARHD to REORIVS LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

('ONJURER & ANIMATED PICTURES together V or separate), reftned,arnesing and entertaining ; open for concerto, bazaars, soaials, Christmas parties /cc ; terms moderate.—PßoF. Rolfe, 7, Elizabeth at., Liverpool

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.C. 2fr PER cENr. INTEREST allowed on Deposit Accounts. 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Cbeqma Book. All General Banking Business Transacted. PROSPECTUS, WITH FULL PARTICULARS, POST FREE. C. F. RAVENSCROFT, SRCIIRTARY.

kiEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. • THEPIIST AND CHBAPBST lIVER OFFIRIED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALI4GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND is. BD., ZILCH WHOLESALE Br J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. BSTABLISHEE 1833.

DRINK! DRINK ! ! DRINK !! ! MALE NURSESN Jirgß. A MOMENT'S HOPE HOUSE, ROPE-STREIGT. LIVERPOOL Telephone : 2570 Royal. Telegrams : •' Nurses," Liverpool. ESTABLISHED 28 YEARS.

FiVB sEuoNDHAND PIANOS. Plano by Yates, London, £.B. Rosewood Case. Piano by Broadwood, £l2. Walnut Case. Plano by Bord, £l3, Walnut Case. Plano by Brewer, £1.6, Rosewood Case. Plano by Yates. £lB, Walnut Case. WADSWORTH'S, 59. SAbiIERY-STRRET, WARRINGTON,

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per OZ. COVERLETTR I TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURR FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIE. T S BROWN, 3,1L1111M1 ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

PROFESIO.NAL. PIANI6T, Dancee, Vamnist, Smoking concerts everywhere,69. and fares,— CHARLES GARDNER, 110, 'Falkner at.. Liverpool,

novo HEADY. T" "PRACTICAL BNGINEER " rOCKET BOOK for 1927, price Is. and is. 6d. net.. postage 23, ALSO TnE "PRACTICAL ENGINEER"BLECTRICAL POCKET BOOK for 1907, price is. and Is. 6d. na. postage 2d. The TECHNICAL PUBLISHING CO., LTD., 287, Deansgate, Manchester; and all booksellers.

MARSH'S HARDWARE STORES, 53, SANKEY STREET. BEST VALUE IN TRUNKS, J APANESE BASKETS, &c.

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, &c., BOUGHT.--BEST PRICE for parcels forwarded; if not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGE PAID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, THEATRICAL, BAND UNIFORMS, LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIES' EVENING DRESSES. COSTUMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, Sze., 2nd-hand. Very low prince. ARMY TROUSERS,SHIRTS.BLUCHERS,WELLINGPONS. CARDIGANS, OILSKIUS, POLICE CAPES, GORMAN'S, 326, 128, and 340, Deansgate, Manehester• Established 50 Years.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS iNsußap AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1,003,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,000,000 64, CORNHILL,LUNDON. A. VIAN, Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Bridge St. , Mr. W.H. RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Viotoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Ilardshaw-street Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows tiandbach

Rit HENRY TAYLOR FUND. AMEETING OF THE SU3SCRIB ERS to the above fund will be held at the King's Cafe, Bridge Street, Warrington, on Tuesday, the 4th December. 1906, at 3.30 p.m.. to receive the committee's report, and to decide in what manner the moneys collected shall be dealt with. Mill St. Chambers, THOMAS S. STEEL, Warrington. Hon. Sec.

(1, it I I.IIAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEPPIEL MARE, WARRANTED, POST FREE Zs. 6(1., 35., 48. 6D., AND ss. 6D J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. IMada And Ground By English Labour.

- WARRINGTON JUNIOR LIBERAL ASSOC. On MONDAY NEXT at 7.45 p.m., in the Liberal Association Rooms, Bewsey at., a lecture entitled" Inter- national Commerce" will be given by Mr. H. M. Philipe of Liverpool. Hearty invitation to all. OBJECTS. (1) To emphasise the necessity of political qaestions being considered on a moral and ethical basis. (2) To band together men of progressive ideas for purposes of interchange of views on political questions of the day. (3) lo promote the study of political history in conjunction with the politics of the present day, etc., etc. Further information will be gladly supplied by the H. GRAY, 18, Monks it. How. Sacs. H. W. GUHST, 4, Palmyra Square.

XMAS BOXES AND NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. IN CONTINUANCE OF THE POLICY INAUGURATED LAST YEAH THE GROCERS AND PROVISION MERCHANTS OF WAR- RINGTON HAVE CANVASSED THE WHOLE OF THE TRADE IN GENERAL AND HAVE MUTUALLY AGREED TO THE TOTAL ABOLITION OF ALL GIFTS, CALENDARS. ALMANACS, MONEY AC.. AT CHRISTMAS AND THE NEW YEAR. XMAS BOXES AND NEW YEAR'S GiFo,.

N EXIIIBITI ON OF PICTURES AND OTHER WORKS OF ART -TLL BE HELD AT THE OLD ACADEMY, BRIDGE FOOT, WASHINGTON, ON THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY. • DECEMBER 6TH, 7TH AND STEC, BETWEEN 10 A.M. AND 5 P.M. TEA CAN BE HAD BETWEEN 3 P.M. AND 5 PM. CHARGE 6D, ADMISSION FREE.

VISIT OF THE FARNBOROUGH BAND CHOIR. PARR HALL, WEDNESDAY NEXT, DECEMBER STH. GRAND MUSICAL ENTERTAINMENT. ACTION SONGS. CHORUSES. MUSICAL DRILL, MILITARY BAND SELECTIONS. ADDRESS BY REV. R. BEVAN SHEPHERD, M.A., VICE-PRINCIPAL. CHAIR TO BE TAKEN AT 7.30 P.M. BY HIS WORSHIY THE MAYOR, ALD. J. SMETHURST, J.P. Body of Hall and Centre Gallery, 2s. ; Body of Hall and Side Gallery, is.; Body of Hall, Promenade and Back Gallery, 6d.

RELIANCE PHONOGRAPHS. RELIANCE TALKING MACHINES WHOLESALE AGENTS FOR T. A. EDISON PHONOGRAPHS. 50,009 R kCOE.DS LARGE3T STOCK. Wholesale Catalogues. CHEAPEST PRICES. Reliance Great r tores. Cash or 2.. per week. 29 AND 31. MANCHESTER STRERT, LIVERPOOL. CYCLE AND MOTOR ENGINEERS. Estab. 1831 Telephone Central 5822.

TREE PLANTING AT STOCKTOIN REATH.- 1_ The scheme for this Winter Comprises the completion of Ellesmere and Fairfield Roads, and a line of trees on the Canal Banks from the Cantilever Bridge to the Stag Bridge. The Committee will be pleased to receive funds for this purpose. Subscriptions may be seat to any member of the Com- mittee or to C. PLINSTON, Hon. Treasurer. Stafford rd., Warrington.

LANCASIIIRE COUNTY A.SYLUM, WINWICK, WARRINGTON. The COMMITTEE of VISITORS invite tenders for the supply of 120 tons of Hay: alto for 180 tons of Potatoes. Tenders must be made upon forms which ran be obtained from the undersigned and must be delivered at the Asylum not later than 9 a.m. on Wednesday morning the 12th December 1906. The Committee do not bind themselves to accept.the lowest or any tender, and reserve the right to accept or reject the whole or part of any tender. HENRY lams, Clerk & Steward. 28th November, 1906,

M RS. ri HOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINER " OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

DR J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, The old and tried remedy that has stood the test of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, Invaluable For COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTI-DIA, NEURALGIA REFUSE: to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE. The original can be had of ALL CHEMISTS if you show you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNII IS THE NAME; is. ltd., 2s. 9d., Os. 6d. the prices. DR' J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

LAND WANTED. THE BOARD OF GUARDIANS OF TEIN: WARRINGTON UNION desire to receive, from Land Agents and others, offers of Land within the Borough of Warrington. The site to be in a central position. An area Is required of about 2,000 square yards of building land—not including half-streets. Offers must clearly state whether site is Freehpld or Leasehold. A rough plan of the site to accompany the offer of land. The prices and offers of land will be kept strictly private. Offers to be delivered, not later than the 10th of December, 1906, at the office of Cairo St., Warrington. WILLIAM & SEGAR OWEN, 21st November, 1906. Architects.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- t) The Sanitary Works Committee a.e prepared to receive TIINDBRS for the supply of 32,00 C %VERB-OUT BRICKS equal to Greengate or ot.ker approved quality, and 353 YORK STONB FL&GS, lit. 41n. by 61n. by lin., the materials to be delivered at I,ongford Depot. The contractor whose tender is accepted will be required to observe the recognized 0148LOMS and condition. as to rate oi wages and working hours prevailing within the district. Tenders, securely fastened, must be addressed " The Chairman, Sanitary Works Committee, Town Hall. Warring- ton," endorsed •' Tenders for Bricks and Stone Flags," and delivered not later than Twelve o'clo ok, cn Wednesday, sth Lecember. 1906. I The lowest or any tender will not neceesarlly be accepted. Longford Depot, Warrington. B WILSON. 21st November, 1906. Manager.

W ARRINGTON IN FIRMARY EXTENSION SUBSCRIPTIONS TO DATE. s. d. !dr. James Dodds. Penketh House The Rreploves of Messrs. The Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co.. Ltd. (sixth Monthly Instalment) Messrs. Parkinson's, Ltd.. Latchford, per Mr. James Dodds 2O 0 0 Mr. J. McGregor, Polefiekl.2tookton 'Keath 5 5 0 Kmployees of Messrs. William Reynolds as and Co., Ltd. Emplorees of Messrs. J. Melbourne, Ltd 4 0 0 Messrs. H. R. White and Sons,Cairo'street 2 2 0 The Rev. John rouge 2 2 0 Mr. Robert Lowe. Bank-street Amount previously acknowledged .........9.94 17. 4 £1.0,074 13 I. Mr" W. PETBR RYLANDS. Chairman of the Batension Committee. GEORGE MAKIN, Hon. Treasurer.

SURGICAL APPLIANCES OF EVERY DIPCRIPTION. send for price list. All goods sent carriage paid. If not approved, exchanged. All order to : G. cTRVENS, 105, GRBAT RUSRBLL STREET. BLOOMSBURY, LONDON.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOM:LANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anrem la Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite,Hveterla,Palpitation of the Heart,Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 91d.. Is. lid., 2s. 9d.45. 6d. and Ils. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS COUGH MIXTURE, gives Instant relief as proved by hundreds of ostimonials. Bottles 3/- and 4/2 post paid from the tproprletors, 309 PoRTOBELLO-RoAD, NOTTING HI 1., LONDON, W. (Only Address).

ESTABLISHED 1861. XMAS GIFTS. XNIAS GIFTS. EITSTANCE & CO., ,LTD., JEWELLERS, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. INVITE YOU TO VIEW THEIR DISPLAY OF CHRISTMAS NO VELTIES. YOU WILL NOT BE IMPORTUNED TO PURCHASE, BUT WHEN YOU SEE OUR MAGNIFICENT SELECTION OF ENTIRELY NEW GOODS, IT MAY HELP YOU TO DECIDE ON YOUR XMAS PURCHASES. MAIL AND TELEPHONE ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. TELEPHONE No. 381 X 4 0

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS, PHOTOGRAPHS ARE THE MOST ACCEPTABLE PRESENTS YOU CAN MAKE AT CHRISTMAS TIME. AT THIS DULL SEASON OF THE YEAR, ORDERS SHOULD BE PLACED EARLY TO PREVENT DISAPPOINTMENT. CHEAP SERIES. PHOTOS COMPLETE IN ART FOLDING CARDS, 12 FOR 3s. 6D. XMAS GREETING POST CARDS, PHOTOS COMPLETE, 12 FOR 3s. 6D. CABINETS FROM 12s. TO 275. 6D. DO Z J. PARKINSON Photographer. EGYPT STREET, WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. A VERY caoiCa ASSORTMENT OF FANCY TA.BLES, WICKER CHAIRS, LOUNGE CHAIRS. COAL VASES, FERN VASES, Ac. GRAND VALUE IN HEARTH/ICW, TABLE COVERS. PORTIERE CURTAINS AND ALL HOUSEHOLD GOODS. E. COATES. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

Tel. No. 321 x. LIMIT HOUSE STUDIO. CHRISTMAS, 1906! MR. BIRTL ES BEGS TO REMINDS HIS FRIENDS AND PATRONS THAT SITTINGS FOR PORTR MS SHOULD BE GIVEN WITHOUT DELAY FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR PRESENTS. CHILDREN'S PORTRAITS. MINIATURES ON IVORY. EARLY APPOINTMENTS SHOULD BE MADE.

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. A LARGE SELECTION OF • LEATHER WRITING CASES, PHOTO ALBUMS, DRESSING CASES, LETTER CASES, CI6AR AND CIGARETTE CASES, INKSTANDS, SMOKER'S CABINETS, GLOVE & HANDKERCHIEF CASES, LEATHER-HANDLED WRIST BAGS, CHAT ELAINE BAGS, PURSES, PHOTO FRAMES, POSTCARD ALBUMS, &c. ARTHUR DAVIDSON, 6r, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR A SPECIAL.---TOA AT BA"R'LIINTOLTAILIVA%;7 NTIZTOHE DT AI L 511112 LINE UAI L 3 3s. THE COAT AND SKIRT. GOOD MATERIALS. WELL CUT. TAILOR-MADE. H. S. PAGE & CO., SANKEY ST., W A RRING TON

ESTABLISHED 1838. XMAS PRESENTS. RICHARD JEFFR EYS, XMAS PRESENTS. 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAnut MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prises, eco. Terms Moderate REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYER OF PICTURES BY WATTS. ROSSEITI, and BURNE.JONES. AUTOTYPE ItEPRODUCTION3 OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL. TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS

MoDOWELLS, LIMITED; Coach Builders 8c Motor Engineers. MOTOR CARS COMPLETE. BODIES TO ORDER. REPAIRS FROM THE SIMPLEST TO THE MOST COMPLICATED. NEW MODERN PLANT. EXPERT ENGINEER. ALL ACCESSORIES. DRAWINGS AND SPECIFICATIONS ON APPLICATION. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. RYLANDS-STREET, WARRINGTON. TELBPHONE 409 X.

JOHN LUNT, B=NEWN: REMOVAL CONTRACTOR. EXPERIENCED MEN EMPLOYED. ESTIMATES FREE. TELEPHONE No. 107.

_ CENTRAL FURNISHING STORES. BERNARD PEARSON AND CO.. PROPRIETORS. YOU wlsh to Hoy, and at the same time Save. 100 A & 102, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. 102. WE Huarantee to save you 33 per cent. or more, because WR MA Kl] ALL OUR WNW FURNITURE anti MIRRORS at Pearson's Buildings, Clare Street, which does away with two middlemen's profits. That Is why all our Goode are MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURRS. You cannot possibly eo better than go to 102, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. 102. OARRIAGIS PAID ON ALL GotsDS. ESTIIdATISS FEHR FOR HOUSH FURNISHING.

IYOU WANT TO MARRY ?—lntroductlone given suit all Masses : monthly register ; absolutely private. Box 3700. 0/0 SHARTioW & THATCHER, HOIDOriI place. London. W.O

it MATEIMONIAL TIMBS.” the best and quickest Intro. ductory medium for all desiring a matrimonial alliance ; price 6d.. in sealed envelope —Address BDITOR Robert hadfo,d, 5. Featherstone Buildings. Holborn. W.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEAIPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATH HILL, ALSO AT 7031 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET; CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

DIIHIVATB NURSINr, HOSIIIL—MentaI Feebleminded, 1 Terms moderate. 17 pears' experience. Highest refer- eoces.—Hirmix (MAME, 14 Jubilee Villas, Thames Ditton, Surrey.

DYS'aRTH NORTH Wit I,IIS to Let, turnishad, charm- ingly situated, seven-roomed Bungalow, on mountain 51d5, its. weekly winter monthi.—,%ddress GIRTON MOINE, West Kirby.

QT. ANNJlS.—Superior furnished ROUSH, near tram, sea, linkß, five bed, two large entertaining rooms ;ol nes, plate, linen ; winter, 21s. Pendle ton, Manchester.

91AratNHALL.--A lady living in a pretty country village,a 1. few nlilee from Che;ter, is wishful to meet with refined lady as Paying Guest for winter monthii; moderate terms ; no other guette.-11. PADBURY, 30, Percy at., Liverpool.

UGC'S I BOGS Ii Smith's Oval, lonic is now recols- 12.0 nised the "Egg-Producing Marvel or the Age, ' and is already being used by over 10,00) Poultry Keepers with immense success It is very oheap and we guarantee satisfaction or return your :no-my. Over 400 are selling it. Prices : 6d. sample (1 oz.), Is. (3oz ), 28. (Soc.) By post 7d., Is. 3d.. 2s. 4d. In bulk ; 151. per i-gall. (equal to ten 2s. bottles), 255. per gall. Carriage paid nearest railway station. Ask your Coin Dealer for it ; or direct irons LEONARD SMITH AND CO., LTD., Poultry Experts, 58, BCOMB- grove at., Birmingham.

frtotor ear% entits, Tarriagro etc 11190-WBELRD DOG-CART, rubber tyres, walnut body I by Julian ; Four-wheeled Stanhope, rubber tyres, by Windover ; mats, lamps, and euihions with etch—Apply JOHN STONES. Shiffnall Mink Bolton.

EA, STERII & CO., 166, LONDON RD., LIVER POOL 1J have the following first-class Secondhand CARRIAGES FOR SALE at reasonable prices .- 4 Landaus (two with rubber tyres). 4 Victoria' (one double victoria). Large Waggonettes, carrying 12 and 14 persons: 5 Broughams, In capital order. 1 Ralli Car, snit 15 to 16 hands. 1 Pony Governess Cart, suit 12 hands. 6 New Governess Carts, various from £l5. Full particulars on application to 166, London rd., Liver- pool. Telephone 2114 Royal.

FOIL DISPOsA.L. a 13arg On, Gent's Coventry ball free wheel CYCLE? ; not soiled silver plated rims, all parts beautifully plated on Copper, rim brake, new and up to date, not ridden more than 20 miles, best pneu- matic tyres and tubes never ouncturet, guaranteed all new, complete with plated gas lamp, bell,ptg, pump spanner and oiler, also enamelled Kind Guards, cash urgently wanted £3 128. fici, approval willingly. T. HUXBLND, Chsrgrove House, Ashcombe-road, Weston-Super-lidare.

MOTOR OARS FOR tieus.-12-11. p. Darracq, fd.O.V., pressed steel frsme. tulle body, £160; 12-13. p. Aster, £135 ; 8-ho. Darracq, £LI.3 ; 7-b.p, Star, with hood. £loo. MACKENZIE, 13. Kensington. Liverpool. Tel. 761 X Royal.

NISED MOTOK TYRA RIIYAIII6.—We make . speciality of Cover Repairs, Punf,tures, Cuts, Bursts on Tubes, from is. ; Harvey Frost Official Repairers.—T. MAOKENZIP, Motor Works, 13. lienslugton, Liverpool. Tel. 761 X Royal.

PUBLIC NOTICE—THE OLD-ESTABLISHED BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., OF YORKSHIRE, HAVE OPENED A BRANCH IN MANCHESTER. LOANS GRANTED NO LESS THAN CO, TO ANY AMOUNT ON PROMISSORY NOM. ALSO ON FURNI- TURE WITHOUT REMOVING. REPAYMENTS TO SUIT Bolutnumns. APPLY :—THE FIRM:WORD ADVANCE CO„, 83, BRIDGE-STREET. DEANSGATE. !MANCHESTER. TFLEPHoNE N.X3ls.

• £5, 27, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £100.4' ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMIIRS. WORICIIVIMI3N, and all Roopent• all Ifonseholders. on thrir own security, without delay. or your simple written promise. to pay bse.k. FATR AND HONODRATIT 1)138T.III1(31. BVRRYINRORVATIOV VRIO3LY GIVHI3. 111. 011WRId. VICTORIA 011.,.1413i3139, WIDNES. FOOT OF TEE CF:NTAAL STATION. MANAGER: fIIIR 11. Gnou .13.—Bstahllshe1 at. thin Vilma. Tw9tity Years.

PR 0M P T CASH ADVANCES (.) -- - 7—' --,7- s 1 T N tr--E PROMISSORY NOM Granted Immediately. Ei Promissory Note 2s. weekly £lO ~ £5O .. £IOO DISTANOR NO OBSROT. No Fess. Fines, or Sureties. Strictly private and Confidential. Call or writ. H. KAY & co., cover Sd.,rehants Vestaurant,) 92, MARKET STRUM', MANOHIISTER. Telephone No. 6845.

PLRAsg AnDRFNS.--MACKEC:I & CO 31, tI4IRO W4TIRINOTON. THE MrIST PRIVATE AND GENUINE OFFICE IN TOWN. I LRND MONEY to anybody worthy of credit. My rate of interest is very low, and my repayments easy; Repay- ments may be made ea folloy 5 : £3 Loan... Is. weekly. £lO Loan... 31. weekly. £5 Loan... Is. 64. weekly. £l2 1401 R... 35. 64. weekly. £7 Loan... 2.. weekly £2O Lean...—. Ns. weekly, Other sums in proportion. Monthly or Quatterly Payments taken. All transactions treated with strictest confidence. whether business 15 done or not. So call or write before you, decide to zo else where, to th 114 Inn weres., MISS COITIIRILL, 31, CAIRO BT., WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. R. HARRIS, 2, KING-STRERT, HANL%I, AND 13, NEIVGATE STREET, Cil ESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from RIO to £1,030 ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY ROTE, PT lES wiiihing for temporary CASH A DVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW IiATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ' IWO TO RISE. THE WRITTEN GtTARANTRE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSIIIM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO TH BORROWER. NO BILLS OF, sALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE'TRISSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANy NEW,PAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SrCRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS REOEIVE IMMEDIATU ATTEETION IRRESPROTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases • Representative will cell personaily upon aPPliearits an' complete the transactions t. their own home Of places of business. My fair_deftling and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands nnrivalled.

.0.4A4A1,-2,-,!:.*-404-4, . 6•44 i 144--7;:i..&--"kal, .6,-.11.0.hAr'n;44-141,1m* • . . 41, ittkia,.--- I.: i,,,...*,46 . ~liSilgo -7- fi'w - •ily• -W4i9 '41>,,,, /-;,..,40,. SAVES .....,,,......_. A ..kite.• fg' Ai* - k ,50.• 4i10;•:%.:1•::,f1)- MANY LIVES. •,.:.,z,e; ~ 6, ...a6.;..5t 40.-:•;.,',:ia, .0.0;:w...0 • 'I4I;Z. ,"E rya liiIVP-61' Established 32 Years. 111.:•!i? ~ la, ......./1„ . ily .41Cf.'"': .- • Vt.".e., e -as The Cheapest, Safest iii::',' •-•' / iii:::,;,•%,,,,A _.:e./.-....„e" .161) , .. ii• most Up -to - date) most Effective and Best Known Ak... 1 i ....,,A.-- - • ..... . 4 11'40- ei if4k 4ii ..,..•-•,,- gra 's •'%!1,1 '---) Remedy n the World for (11169 ' - -to, Chill 410 'O4 ) .- .v......),14-' Coughs, Colds, and 0; ..4410:1i. 410) W. VAI. • 0 T • . al . , •Io' •SI 2.„,5, hroat and Chest Affections/ i s b..... 4. • ... •-: 14iO4:: ' o),,,,fitiliP , '''' •10..i.V,,,,,_' •• ' . 410•zez Air .._•;...?;....;„;,,- ise.,.-4, 0, % . .-;..‘,-. ,ak.,),---,-) . ~ .._.:17;4,2gi,,--• S 0, ~, pi • cr=,--‘ et-lAik - -10-4= - --- t 0,.••:,..:"P-itil;Aaf v • IV.b., AV .'lls;V!:,.. fling To ._,,....._,._,. ......,,,,_ 6):%.;:.:1* i.):,........,‘' -.) .-.....- 4.. ...... op.'-ta ,_._:,%-.;,.....,,,,..... For INFLUENZA IT ACTS 0 vosV, ...,. ..,... •-: . • :_. lenliv... ,2 LIKE INIAGIC. ......04.‘wri VI-4A" M.P.2 PUBLIC SPEAKERS SINGERS .... -,.a...i.. 7 , and all who suffer from -_ 4.. .. 4......, THROAT WEAKNESS . WILL FIND IT SAFE AND EFFECTIVE. IV: It tt, Zlit A' :till Beware of Substitutes ; tal f: :AA: lir ~.. • ... ..,72... ask for 4‘ OWBRIDGE " when buying ..0*,:ii..,.: ~/.• '41644, Lung Tonic and TAKE NO OTHER. Prepared by ......4C03,,,a,'",* • 0 • "-' • ; ." , W. T. OWBRIDGE, Ltd., Hull. ‘,."- •-,:-...,- Sold everywhere in bottles at is. lid., ..4 .'P* 2s. 91., 4s. 61., and us. aii,?...: CV •<7.,.:46. ",..7.4? .., :: ,tiir ~salr4kil COPIRIGHT. de4Cliget.' 10 lay ,• ..... .., 1,.... . ot.*l-454,..Wii w.,_,,.... .4 •#, 5,1,441 1.1441XV1N 'in.iiitteN4Virtirl.• Akyg"..., i•A 0 . ~.... MiF . • t 6 ' &GO'. '4.44 tai.o-4'T ' _

THE REASON WHY , i".i '- '„i, , •;.- .4 'f.i. fir ' AP_ - ~., o : , A.v., # - NA, f. ' .:Vt 4Pt".t. 44. ::' .4 , , ,:va itit ''''e... 09. ii 9citt„.--.41-4,„ kte_ .6te 0 ~,,, ,4t t ,-,,,,•, ...:t.,. ...,„, ,,,.. I A '- .i. , is sold without the aid of COUPONS or PRESENTS, is that the full Value is in the Cocoa. BEST & GOES FARTHEST.

: DRESS—PASti lON—HOME. WINTER MILLINERY. As the winter millinery becomes more and - more defined to the types which are to be the faveurites it is obvious, says the Tatler, that we are in for some of the most charming and pic- turesque hats that have been seeff for a very long while. Last year the little toques and very much tilted and exaggerated small hats were rather quaint and effective as seen in the shop windows, and were quite successful on the heads of French and American women, who under- stand the art, of carrying off any marked whim of fashion, but to the average Englishwoman, how- ever smart or well coffee, they were invariably unbecoming and often disastrously so. The Eng- lish girl in a very exaggerated hat invariably looks hopelessly self-conscious and diffident, a hat with a tilt merely looking insecure instead of fascinatingly jaunty. CLOTH COSTUME. Pictured in our 'illustration is a charming little costume in the very latest and most modish style. The material employed is a fine faced cloth, in colour a charming shade known as wood-green. The little bolero which forms the upper part of the costume is cut long enough to completely hide the waistband at the back and sides, and is adorned with a shaped strapping starting from (r"*.... •i: . f ii • 4 Itt f...,,-., , . k , 1 I " I I - t i 111 1 , I r i / 17 , 0 14/ t , ..-.ro c /I 1 \ ~4 I , ,

a,. ink A_ • For r+.4:l • We are justified in claiming that for bronchitis and stubborn coughs there is nothing equal to Angier's Emulsion. It relieves the cough and breathing, allays the bronchial irritation and promotes easy expectoration, while at the same time it improves appetite and digestion and imparts a soothing, quieting feeling, which, even in the worst cases, affords much comfort to the sufferer. If, as soon aa cold weather sets in, Angier's Emulsion is taken regularly, it will do much to prevent the usual attack cl bronchitis, or, in any case, will greatly lessen its severity. If you will send 3d. for postage and mention this paper we will send you a free sample bottle. Of Ch A Chemists and Drug Stores, :, 219 and 4/6. a An ffier,I s Emulsion to(PETROLEUM WITH HYPOPHOSPHITES). THE MOST PALATABLE OF ALL. EMULSIONS. THE ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., Ld., 32 Snow HIM LONDON. E.O.

The• best of home-baking is home - baking with Brown & Poison's raising powder "Paisley Flour," because with ordinary care your Scones, Pastry; Piecrusts and Tea Cakes are bound to be successful. 7d., 3id. and Id. packets. The Id. packet will raise one pound of ordinary flour.

SWEETNESS AND STRENGTH. Talking machine users, or prospective users—and their name is legion—will be interested in some experi- ments which have been recently conducted with a view of ascertaining the relative wearing qualities of the best known makes of disc records. The most signifi- cant result is seen in the case of the new composition Graphophone discs of the Columbia Phonograph Com- pany which show an average of at least double the wear of any of the others. They are indeed "long life" records, and in this characteristic, together with their musical excellence, lies the explanation of their wide popularity. Longevity, too, is a distinguishing mark of theColurnbia cylinder records. "They wear like iron has become quite a catch expression among users, and their sweet- ness and natdralness are similarly proverbial. Columbia records, cylinder or disc, fit all ordinary talking machines, and sound well on any reputable instrument, but they must be heard on the Columbia Graphophone, with its up-to-date reproducing arrangements, if their musical merits are to be fully appreciated. They then display a brilliancy and purity of tone which is posi- tively charming. Full information about the Columbia Graphophone and records is given in" Price Book 20 " sent post free on application to the Columbia Phonograph Company, General, 64 and 66, Oxford- street, London NV. Particulars of an arrangement whereby old machines of any make are taken in part exchange for new Graphophone models will also be furnished if desired.

, MOTHER' SEIGELS, 1 SYRUP i ~,-.3. i.:..., By promoting a healthy flow of the 14; natural digestive fluids, promptly relieves Indigestion, and by toning M- and strengthen!ng your stomach, 1 liver and bowels, ensures their r perfect action for the future. It is • 1 thus not only the supreme digestive Ei preparation of the world, but a .2 tonic of the highest value. For the stomach and digestive system r , rit positively I 5 LI 40 E ~.,.,F doe: dd eat t disagreederewwal st. with always as p ndaina whent .1 Imy stomach afterwards. k had dizzy attacks quite frequently, and I wasted away to a mere shadow. But Mother Seigel's Syrup com- pletely cured me, and I am now in splendid health." -- From Mrs. Chipperfield, 84, Russell Street, Dereham Rd., Norwich, May 3, 'O5. l FOR YOUR ENTIRE tiGESTIVE SYSTEM [ TAKE IT !- NOW ! AND YOU WILL KNOW. The 2/6 bottle contains three times as much as the lili size.

• • FIATS , MICE_ 4 • COCKROACHES Pft,rwrt Houses. IVAPIIsOuSeS . CA ti. 5.8.4 KERIES. SNIPS &E fe9ularly a!lended for IN. c/ea,ance oithese cbsease Sp,eacii,9 pests NO INCONVENIENCE wouvrtvtA BY OUR METHODS. CONTRACTS TAMES OR PREPARATIONS SUPPLIED CS7mArfSFREf. Z ERA Cc! VERMIN SPECIALI E L .STS . 13. SEEL STREET. LIVERPOOL. .I.Y.ROYAL • AND Al MANcNiEsTLIP •

?-.. THOUSANDS ARE • 1 Using Bradford's ' VOWEL' Weaning Maritime FOli 1 WASHING AT HOME, ' saving time, labour, and wear and tear of clothes. I illustrated Catalogue on application. L. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140 to 142. High Holborn, Lail don; Vietoria Avenue. Mancllester ; 130, Bold Street, Liverpool; Crescent Iron Works. Salford. , 40

NBINSPAPERS. clean, unread ; suitable for butchers, thhmongers. ke. ; special terms to large buyers.— MAPPIN AND CO , Spellow lane. Liverpool. 1-1 A 805071114 CHRISTMAS PRRSIINT.—Two perfectly new Be. Novels, 43. carriage paid.—JENISINGS, 166, Milkwood rd., Loughborough Junction. S.R.

HONOUR. Hare Introduction for Albums. Poetess,' descriptive origlnstion picture postcard, autographed. Originator, Mr. If. M. WHITE PEABE, Brentwood, EMS. 6d. order.

TADZES' BLOUSES N. II& each. carriage paid.—Scotch plaid designs, quite new ; special purchase, Knitted Jerseys, all colours.--C111.318hRe,154, Stockport rd., Ardwick, Manchester.

fIRSTS Oxydised Keyless Watches, very nmart, splendid timeke nicer', price 6s. 91. post paid. Remarkable value. Money returned if not satisfied. -11zuortu WATCH Co., 195, Lewisham High rd., S.B.

AMiIHOSE CALTINDAII.—WeIcome substitute for Xmas Cards. Appeals especially to literary people. Price ls. net, larger edition 21. ; liberal commission to agents.— J. GLIBBER, t 7 Wigmore at., London, W. CHRISTMAS PBESHNTS.—An elegant gines-stoppered bottle of Parma Violet perfume, neatly packei In Wind - some cardboard box, sent post free on receipt of P 0. for 25., 3 bottle. for 61. 93.—Hom.ovrAY & Co, 92 Watling at., London, B.C.

10111110NOGRAPHS absolutely free. No records to buy. Genuine offer as an advertisement. Particulars, UNIQUE TRADING CO., 5, Marlborough rd., Smethwick Birmingham.

PAINTY Silk Homing Skirts, beautifully tucked and trimmed with insertion and lace ; in Ivory 21s. ; black and colours 25s.—E. TANNER. 59, Totteridge rd., Enfield Wash. linfleld. N.

THERE'S MONEY IN U.—Remnants by weight _1 experience unnecessary ; send stamp for catalogue oldest est,bII6hed.—COCHRLNE.9 WAREHOUSE, Re gent rd. Salford. Manclaester.

QMALLWARNS AND HABERDASHBRY.—SpeciaI Penny kJ Lines for market men and shops. 70. 64. per gross, carriage paid on receipt of P.O. from J. APPELPELBAUM Co., 164. Bury New rd., Manchester.

D AZONS.—Taylor's Reform. Finest Sheffield cast steel, hardened and tempered to the highest degree of perfection by old Sheffield workman. 3s. 6d. warranted.— TAYLOR, 183, Butler at., Ancoats, Manchester.

MO Photographers (Amateur and Professlona)).—P.O.P. Paper and Postcards, at half usual price, 7s. 6d. per qnire, double quantity in ls. packets, State slze wanted.—J. GREBNPIELD, sa, Annandale it., Edinburgh.

A LL Hairdressers should try Curnberblrch's celebrated QUERN RAZOR, cbeapest and best yet produced; every razor guaranteed ; praised by all users.—Write for price to 27, ROCHDALE an.,Shudehill. Manchester.

ARMY BLUCHERS! Army Bluckers I 1-4,000 pairs of new sewn Bluchers, very best leather soles. Will send one pair, any size, post free, for ss. 6d. Cash returned If not approved of—H. J. ClAegml,Government Contrazter,Rye.

T\ooll3.—Why use Foreign doors, Fuglish made. 6ft. 61n. by 2ft. 61n, by lila. square. 4s 9d ; moald two sides, 5s lid ; solid moulded, 41 lid ; all other sizes In stook ; send builder's trade card for nat.—JENNINGS tt Pennewell rd.. Bristol.

111511381 L-300 tons good soundll inch short boards, 4 to 10 inches wide, 3 to 5 feet long, chiefly 41 feet, suitable for pig styes, sheds ete, ; price £2 per ton on rail. Liverpool. —Jomssos AND SILVER, timber merchants, Duke's Dock, S. I iverpool.

THE GRAND OLD MAN that was (Gladstone), one of I England's noblest and greatest statesmen ; a Bold Medallion of him in massive relief In Antique Bronze ; splendid for hall or corridor ; a pleasing and lasting memento for sale chesp.—HowELL, Marple.

T OOK I—The best, strong, and warm handwoven Woollen 14 Horse Bug, with throat strap and bound : Carriage paid for ss. 6d. ; smaller 'tiros, 4s. 6d. and 3s. 6d. Cash returned 11 not approved of.—From 11. J. (+ANON, Government Contractor. five.

WIRES NAILS (Mixed), 2s. 6d. per ewt, 281bs, 2s. 3d.; Screw., mixed, 28s, per cwt. ?Bibs 71. 6d.; Wire, Cut, Wrou2bt, and Malleable Nails. Taeks, Rivets, etc. etc., wholesale'prices.—MlDLAND NAIL WORKS, 25 to 28. Rea at.. Brimingbam, C. W. HAYLRS. Proprietor.

gp GOT RATS? 1F SO, US & SANFORD'sI POISONS. It ends the trouble 1 by destroying them. Rats, Mice, Moles. b.c.. like It, eat It, and perish Try the remedy, you will be delighted with the result. Price is. 84. to sa, per box, of all Chemists, or Saaylen & So's. Sandy. Deds.

rro BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive I Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Land, with `siding to the railway. Suii-able for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J HOMING, 16, Fenwick street, Liverpool.

P HONOGRAPH, new 19-7 model with elegant Flower Horn in art colours ; 12 genuine Hdison Hold•Moulded Rezords, inclusive cash price; Talking Machine and Records, 228:Reproduction equals: expensive Phonograph; cash return- ed if not approved.--idnisn FREttv.s,lmporters, 16, High st., Roehampton, London.

K BSiree t i's' Rano . tby 421 n. • withberalsn. delyaerluebt bine 72alerepfeohof 71t. by 4ft. ss. ; 6ft. by 61t. ss. ; or any size, price in propor- tion. Cash returned if not approved.—From H. J. GaiiiioN, Government Contractor, live.

HORSES' LOIN CLOTHS lined throughout with Army Woollen Rugging ; beat and strongest in the Market, 46Ins. long by Bins. wide ; Waterproof on stout navy canvas and weigh 4lbe., 3s. ; any size made, price in proportion ; *rectal carriage Loin Cloth, 4s. 6d., either post free.—H. J. GABS IN, Government Contractor, Rye. WVATERPROOF' COVHRS, same material and pliable as railway sheets, 12ft. by 9,t.. 12s. ; 15tr. by 91t., 151. ; and so on to any size at Is. per square yard, with lashes. Quantity large pieces Tarpaulin at 20s cwt. ; Odd pieces. suitable for roofing, Bs. per cwt. Cash returne3 if not approved of.—H. J. (11.88oN, Government Contractor. Rye.

-MASTIC notmorkrets. 2s. 6d. ; Knee-Cape, 2e, Snipen- -1.4 Bandages, le. each from Manufacturer—W. H. MADDOCK, Alfred et, South. Nottingham.

11,11CKIIN . month old, Is.. 80. and table crosses. V specially for rearing spring chickens ; pupils received. —CAPra.Dr Joaxsorr, 66 Vassal( rd., Londos, S.W. BHAUTIFUL JAPARBSE PAIILOUH MATS, 39x18. Lovely Design. Splendid Xmas Present. Brea P.O. 2s, —BMAD, Importer, 144 Camberwell rd.. London.

RP7 7s.—Good SECONDHAND PIANO; guaranteed for 10 years and tuned free for 12 months; also one at £l2 125.—J. R. WOOD, 47, Old London rd., Stockton Heath. GUN (Bargain) ; double breech-loader ; latest improve- ments ; quite new; well-finished ; nicely balanced ; splendid killer ; approval 380.-13 NEWCASTLE ST.. Merthyr. TMPROVAID Sanitary Towel, with groove down the centre. Specislly arranged pocket Is. post free. Sample free.— LASEIHNA MANUFACTURING Co.. Goldsmith Place,Nottingbarn

COMMENCHD Cs.nrassPd WAIST-EI—OATS, Wools, and Silks, Is. 6d.; Perforated CI ,th ditto, 41. Write for pattPrns.—PARKILR. 2, Princess Parade, Muswell Hill, London.

BDUFF TWIGS on Sale; about half•ton of Mawdesley's, suitable for pic-nie @taking. at 21s. per cwt. ; Filso a few cwts. small Dicks.—l/OBERT IDDON, Mawdesley, near Ormskirlr.

INCRRASE YOUR INCOMB BY TRADING —Send for William Cotton's ss. parcel of Jewellery, Hosiery, Lane, Haberdashery, Overalls. —WEIKDAY OROEI9, Nottingham. Established DNS.

THH...O" Hound Book for Milkmen; Ile. dozen. 61. half-dozen. Is. 2d. each. carriage paid.—Rfccrx Balm, The Nevrarkes, Leicester. Bxtensive selection ; write for rulings free. CUTLICAY.— 6 Table Knives 65., 6 Cheese 55.. Carver and Steel 61., complete 16s. Finest quality, pinned handles. best Sheffield blades. Approval.—ALLEN, 251, Liverpool Building., London, N.

CONFECTIONERY.—To advertise our sweets we send pound box Choice assorted Chocolates and Bonbons for le. 64. Cannily sold at 2s.—GIAILLM 8: CO., 2) The Quadrant, Richmond, S.W.

BDARTS outfits complete 10.6 d carriage free. Buy from London, the centre of the world's trade, and get best value for money. Send for price "The Draperies." 70 York rd.. London. S.B.

T ADDIS Real Gold EXPANDING RING, 21. 9.; Gauls' AA Gold-eased Chronograph Stop Watch. 61. ; Ladies gold Kaffir Diamond Ring, ss. ; bargain ; list free.— BROADBENT, Central rd., Plymouth,

T ACB CURTAINS.—A Manufacturer's Bankrupt Stock; .1.4 prices is. lid, to 365. per pair ; send postal order for samples ; satisfaction guaranteed or money returned.— TRIGGS & Co.. Snelnton Dale, Nottingham, H.

UMBIGILLAS direct from factory at sacrifice prices. Guaranteed new material throughout, with sterling silver mounts. Ladies'. 3s. 6d. ; gents', 4s. 6d, ; carriage paid.-7. BARKER, 33 Pitcairn rd„ Mitcham, Surrey.

SIIVVING MACHINRS 41VRTST AWAY. —Vibrating Shuttle Reverse Feed, Handsome Cover, £3 12s. 64. One cus- tomer In twelve will get their machine Absolutely Free of Charge.—Write REYNOLDS, Maley, near Chesterfield.

• LiGOF ' removes the top of boiled eggs instantly. Pee- LA vents burning or soiling of fingers. High-class Invaluable In4trument. Hvery home needs It. Post tree, Is. Bd.—USIMILTIE9 C0.,13, Trevelyan at. 0031.4,N5enet:tester.

SRORNTS worth knowing—lt will pay you to send for onr book of Genuine American Recipes, containing hundreds of Trade Secre's,many of which to Farmers.snd Shopkeepers are worth singly the price of the volume. Sent post free 51.—WELLS, SIMMER& & Co.. 59, Chichester rd., Portsmouth.

NEW, GENUINE, Excelsior, Gold-Moulded RECORDS exchange syetem, 61d. each ; particulars of great free gift scheme and lists post tree ; dealers should write ; agents wanted, FILCoN WORKS. Falcon Terrace. Clapham Junction, London.

HO'S YOUR LAWYBR ?—I haven't requirPd one shoe VT I bought' IVHRY MAN'S OWN LtiVilTllß,' by a Barrister. which has repaid Its price 20 times over in 'laving lawyers' fees. New Edition (19a6) now reedy, price es. Bd. net (postage 51.). from CROSBY LOCKWOOD ft Sox, btatloners' Hall Court, London, 34 C.. and all bookseller..

ILITARY CLOTRING.-4,000 good, large dark grey or 131, blue Waterproof Cloth Overcoats for sale. Pat out of service for other pattern. Either carriage paid, 75. 6.1., name size required; Oilskin, serge lined. Pollee Capes. 55.; large blue cloth Police Capes. ss. Eld., either carriage paid.— Ir. J. Oesscrs, dovernment Contractor, Rye.

CHRISTMAS Decoratire Flowers.—lxceptional offer, direct from maker ; beautiful assortment, cheapest prices ; carefully packed, carriage paid, 41. sample box ; reliable agents appointed, either am good comrniesion ; whole or awe time ; moot profitoble capon ; write to-day.— CILEGG, 66, Ambush at., Hirrher Openshaw, Manchester,

PHONOGRAPLIB.—I hive a chap line, comple:i with Recorder to mate your own records, and Reproducer. In handsome oak case, carriage free, 30s. Not a toy • Ent an Instrument fit for concert room. Also* cheaper 'line. Without recorder at 17s. 64. Send at once for a catalogue easy terms accepted. Money refunded If not fullysatslefied. C. GALLaP. 44, Whellock rd., Bedford Park. W.

TNSPRCTION INVITED.—To Let or Sell ; ii-room villas, bath. electric light and bells, gas cooking stoves ; decorations finished to suit tenants —Nnirtrt Bssa, Acht., Camb., or Foreman. Colston° rd., Newnham. Cambridge.

SCHSMEI will enable you to acquire a House or Shop of your own on the easiest possible terms, com- bined with absolute security.—Send post card for full parti- culars Box 350. G P. 0., gartalwtter.

I OCAL SICORISTARY Wanted by a Progressive Live 8 Weir 1.4 and General Insurance Co„ salary, commission, and permanency; must invest £5O at 7i per cent interest.— Apply MANAGER Illidgate Chambers, Peterborough.

QANITARY IDHPBOTORS.—Lady Health Visitors, £lOO 1J to £630 ; several hundred vacancies annually, open to all ; 400 successes. Postal Course Now Commencing for Liverpool Rtam --31U9RENA, Sanitary Raped. Sunderland,

A S Stewards, Stewardesses, Clerics. Bakers, Butchers, tl Engineers. Stokers, Boys, &o. Persons desiring berths. first-class ocean liners. Particulars envelope, 'Mercantile Marine.' EvAve, 47, Kimberley Gardens, Marrinzav, N.

‘VANTBD.—Country Rouse, unfurnished, about ten rooms. Garden, tennis, paddock, rough shooting. Malvern Hills, Irlorsetshirß, Somerset preferred. Good drainage essential. gravel BLAKE, ' Seymour Locbre,' Bournemouth.

VVANTED, trustworthy lady canvassers of good address to sell on commi:slon from door to door an article of underwear and nightwear suitable for everybody ; will not interfe with other engagements ; worth 15s. to 255. weekly to pecrevering persons ; no risk.—Write A. N., Smith's Advertising Agency, 15. Market it., Manchester.

LIVERPOOL SCHOOL OP MOTORING, 12 and 14, NORTON RT:, LONDON RD. MOTOR-CAR DRIVING AND MROI-IANI3M, The Best and Most Bxpert Tuition given by practical and qualified engineers. Each pupil is taught on several different makes of cars of 1906 molels. Frequent vacancies. Certificates grantel. which are reclznised everywhere. RIGHT LIISSONS. £3 31.

AFIRST CLASS A.CIFINCY appointment with an impor- tent financial institution can be secured by a trustworthy person in any district. The work Is pleasknt and profitable ; whole or part time can be given. This is an excellent oppor- tunity for you to commence part time, with a view of improving your position by giving whole time after gaining experienee.—Ad rens, Box 350, G. P. 0.. fdanoheeter.

-Elms t-CLASS APPOINTMENTS can always be secured J 1.2 by persons holding the Certificate of Sanitary Inspector or Inspector of Meat and Foods.issued by the Royal Sanitary Institute ; intelligent men over 21, wishing to qnalify for these appointments are rapidly coached for examination by associate of Royal Sanitary Institute and bolder of London Certificates for Sanitary Inspector and Advanled Meat and Foods Examination.—For particulars address, S ANITARII TRAINING Comarox, 43 Priory Kill, Dover.

PENKEIH.—GOOD HOUSES WITH GARDENS, 3s. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. eidi and 21. 6d. per week. IVY LODGE,FROGHALL LANE redused rent. 55, WASH LANE, rent £l4 per year. MiLL STREET. 0F F OE S,gronnd floor. Also upper rooms. WORKROOMS near Bridge dtreet, rent Ss. per week. 83, HOWLEY LANE. rent 55. per week. 15, MILL LANE. rent 6s, per weep. 6, SCHOOL BROW, rent 3s. 9d. per week. Si, NEW ROD, rent 4s. 9d. per week. BANK STREET, 7 Stall Stable with good Yard and Cart Shed. LABURNUM VILLA. Froghall lane, Warrington, 2 enter- taining rooms, 4 bedrooms, bathroom, w.c., Atc. ; rent £2B.— Apply ROBERT Lowg, Retate Agent,lio. 1 Bang-street War - drwton. Telephone—No 55.

TO 814 LET, HOUSE, Stag Bridge, Lower Walton ; con- tsining two entertalning-rooms, bath, hot and cold water throughout ; rent 7s. Ed. olear.—Apply W. A. LESLIE, Mersey-street. Warrington.

TO BB LET (or sold) pair of superior se m i-detaebed villas Lower Walton, five bedrooms, two entertaining rooms. good garden, to., lizeeptional situation, ten minutes from tram,—Appiv. GARLAND, 51, Pride it.. Warrington.

L)WELLING-HOUVIL—TO ES LET, with immediate possession, the commodious Dwelling-house, No. 21 Stanley at.. containing thtee entertaining rooms, kitchen, scullery, pantry, ten bedrooms, bathroom, lavatory, w.e. arge garden. DWBLLING-HOUBI3.—TO Eft LET, with immediate possession. No. 19, Stanley at., containing two enter- taining rooms, kitchen, scullery and pantry ; five bedrooms bathroom ; outside washhouse ; rent £25; there is an access to both house. from St. Austin's lane.—Apply J. and W. Durzon. Sankey at.. Warrington.

RE LONDON WHOLESALE WAREHOUSEMEN'S

SPECIAL BARGAINS IN LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S UNDERCLOTHING, CORSETS, BLOUSES, BABY LINEN, AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS. SEE WINDOWS.

pATENT OFIt 1 OE it Afiukili SUM ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years personal experience in connection with this Eitablisb- ment,andpossesapractinalknowledge of the cotton,woollen and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. iIEORGE DAVIES, C. 11., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A 4. ST. ANN S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMI LiD (late Ormerod tY Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Larges Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS In the trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Pulley and Tooth Block Patterns Ac., telonglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London- road Iron Works, Manchester, and are In a position to Sapply CASTINGS, Minwright,and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and volley Patterns on application. NT., No. 229, Manchester: Teleerapbre address: " Ormerod Grlerson. Manchester."

CHARLES BOOTH AND (JO., MACHINERY STORES. 38 TO 48. PARK LANE, LIVERPOOL. FOR CASH OR HIRR PURCHASE. 12 Saw Benches, with and without drag motion. 8 Jacket Pans, various. 25-Brake HP. double-cylinder Oil Engines, by Pr! estmn Bros. ; in excellent condition. Price £35 Pair 121 n. Cylinder Horizontal Hydraulic Sfeara Pnmps with double-acting brass rams. lila. by 121 n. stroke, quite new, by Husker. 8, 12 and 20 Horse Portable Engines for 100 Iht. Sliding and Screw-cutting Lathes, 41n. to 161 n. centres. Planing, Slotting, Drilling, Shaping. Milling,and Weighing Machines, Quantity Galvanised Sheets, 6ft by 41t. by 14 gauge. 110 Wrought- iron Tanks, various. 100 Steam Engine., various. 1 to 100 horse-power. Quantity Wrought-iron Steam Coils, oblong and circular for heating purposes. 250 tons of Shafting. Pullers. Hangers, to.. In stock.

I\l- B.—Liver Pills specially prepared from a very valuable II • prescription. Sample box Is. 24. post free.—Obtained only from StirasE BRAY, 1, Fairfield Villas, Coronation rd., Bristol.

RBGAL FALVg.—Oures the most -,bstinate eases of blood poisoning, running ulcers. fistulas. Bm. ; never fails ; 710. post free.—Lgort HIRIII9, 62, South Bak rd., Forest Gate, London.

POS R ITIV CURE for sallow or blemished skin ; improve your appeartnce and possess R clear healthy complexion be convinced ; send Is. 6d. for trial parcel.—Dousmr, "'Mar- gate Rill, Preston.

QTBRILII MARRIAGB : Its Causes and Curative Treat- L. ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. A new edition just published. Post free 3s. 9d.— London SHELLEY AND CO.. LTD., 38. Gracechurch at.

QOFT, WHITE, yIILVBTY SKIN assured by Shaw's Online Cream. Prevents and removes Redness. Rough- ness, Chaps. Exquisitely perfumed. non-greasy. 8d.,18.24., 21. 10d. post free.---SHaw, Chemist, Lindley, Huddersfield. HEALTH, Beauty, Fascination. Elegance. Dazzling Corn- plexion.White Hands.—Try May Dew's dainty sample box of five specialities. 1. poet free. Unique, exquisite, up- to-date.—Mar DEW. 19 Down st., Piccadilly, London, W.

WHI suffer when the King of Remedies is at hand 2 Sufferers from Rheumatism. Inflammation, Pleurisy. Bronchitis. and Neuralgia, any part of the body, should send for one of the quick Home RemediPs, sold at Is. ano 2s. 64, per tin, with full directions, by J. TYACRE, 9 Battery at., Stonehouse, Plymouth. Postage : small tin, 2d., large, 3d. extra. Send stamped addressed envelope for testimonials and proof beyond doubt that the Remedies are a blessing to humanity.

ROBERT LOWE. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms : No, 1, BANR-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED POE SALE. New and Second-band Furniture and other Goods constantly on Selo by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture. &0.. warehoused.

J. WALKER & co. Circular, Blilbeads Programmes Envelopes Time neat. Tickets Posters Day Books Handbills Ledgers Price Lists Delivery Books Oider Books Post Cards Memo Forms Letter Books Note Paper Tags ' Reports Bazaar Handbooks " EXAMINER " OFFICE.

GRAND MONEY-SAVING OPPORTUNITY.

SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS • PRESENTS

hALE AT OLD &WSW HALL (OVER POST OFFICE), MAdKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. WILLIAM DICK NIA AND ON are inatilleted to SELL BY AUCTION on WEDNESDAY NEXT, DECEMBER sth, 1906, 'THIS ANTIQUE FURNITURE con- sisting of Carved Brown Cak Chests, Sheraton Chests, Chippendale Chairs, Back Oak, Card Tables, Buhl Cabinet, 100 piece,' of Staffordshire, Wedgewood aad Cope- land Ware. Also abut 103 lots of Modern Yurnishlng Effects. The lots as bri fly cd.scrlbed are as followa .—Mahogany 3-ft Chest oak-dried. Brass Bandies; Three Mahogany Card Tables, Cartel Oak Occasional Table, Antique topper Tea Urn, Round Oak Table, Two Chippendale Mahogany Chairs, Two Copper and Brass Warming Pane Valuable Old Carved BROWN OAK LINEN CHEST, Panelled and Carved Sides, Lot Books, Standard Works, Hair-seated Arm Chairs, Three Mahogany Chairs, Bronze lustre Vases, Pair Indian ditto, Painting on Glass, Dessert Plates, Six Old Teapots. Pewter Measores, Wedgewood, Ridgway Jug, Four Tlby Jogs. oboist Fifty pieces of excellent and choice Staffordshire including Dick Turpin and Tom King, Beuares Incised Tray, oak Seaetaire Inlaid, Mahogany maid Corner Cupboard Black Oak Cradle, Mahogany Guarde Bin, Mahogany Chippendale Bidet with Inlaid Cover. Sheraton Inlaid Cord Table, Set of Six Old Chippendale Chairs carved backs, Five Chippendale Mahogany Chairs One Arm Chair, Chippendale Mahogany Fine 011 Sheraton INLAID CHEST, 4-tier oak-lined, Drop Handles, and Secret Drawer ; Ditto with Brass Handles and Inscription. Mahogany Inlaid Bureau. Sheraton Inlaid Corner Washstand Copper Tea Urn, trine llandsome Buhl Cabinet, Oak Gate Leg Table Ac. The Modern Furnishing Effects Include Bedsteads, Mattresses, Beds, Dining Room Suite in Loather, Two Bed- room Suites, Two American Organs in Oak and Walnut First-class PIANOFORTE. Rugs, Carpets, and other effects. Sale to Commence at 1.30 o'cla3k prompt. Owing to the large number of Valuable Lots a punctual attendance is desired. Auctioneers' OffiCes, Lyme-street, Warrington. Telephone No. 334 y.

Xmas AND NEW YEAN PEN.SE2A TS. ARNOLD AND LEWIS, WATCH MANUFACTURERS aim JEWELLERS, Respectfully beg to notify their Removal from 7, St, Ann's Square, to No. 21, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. And invite inspection of their entirely new stock of Diamond work, Jewellery, Gold and Silver Watches, IC.. which they are offering at a discount of 25 per cent.

GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. UP-TO-DATE. GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. UP-TO-DATE. AGENTS FOR THE GUNN SECTIONAL BOOKCASE. GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. VP-TO-DATE.

The Oratnintr *erfes OF WRBK-FND NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES 1— riltm WARRINGTON it MID-CHEMIIIII EX AMI Stitt published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Penketh, Winsvlck, Padgate, Lymm, &c., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanes. Ohm and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper corn. prises a large trading and agricultural tract in bouth Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. THE RtINCORI7 EXAMINER, published every Saturday 1. morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. 911111 WIDNES EXAMIWIR. published every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the largest nornber of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. PHA RAMLBSTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER. I .1 published every Satnrday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Barlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Goiborne, Haydock, Lowton Acs The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire coal- fields. ..tf13,1 " fcc=si.477.l. rpfai ST. HELENS RICAN:MY estt. put,' btloti eV.ry J. Saturday morning ,circulating in St. Helens. Prescot Parr. Sutton. Peasiev C-oas, &c.—the centre of the Glass Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTISEVENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO ER SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLAPECITS BALE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 61. ... Is. 3d. ... 21. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 30. Od, Si. Pd 38 ... is. ... 2s. 6d. ... Cs. Pd. ... 6s. Pd. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. lid . ... ss. Pd. 7s. Pd. 54 ... is. Bd. ... 3s. Bd. ... 81, Od. 104. Pd.

whom the practical working out of the scheme will fall. No small factor in the scheme will be the utilisation of. technical institutes in the large garrison towns. Here the soldiers have to their hands a means of improvement which ought not to be neglected. Most of the local Education Authorities would probably be only too glad to make arrangements with commanding officers for the attendance of the man at the classes.

CHRISTMAS BAZAAR. BOVELTIES OF EVERY DISCRIPTION AT PRICES TO SUIT EVERYONE. W. HODGKINSON, LIMITED. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22ND, 1906. PRESENTATION WITH "THE EXAMINER" OF THE USUAL LARGE SHEET ALMANACS, EMBELLISHED WITH A FINE VIEW OF LIVERPOOL DOCKS. -- FIVE LOCAL EDITIONS • Will be published containing Full Information corrected to the latest date as to TOWN COUNCILS PUBLIC OFFICES BOARDS oF GUARDIANS MINISTERS AND DISTRICT COUNCILS PLACES or WORSHIP MAOISTR ATES CARRIERS, Ac. FOR THE FOLLOWING DISTRICTS : Buttonwood Newton Sankey Daresbnry Orford Thelwall Rarlestown Padgate Warrington Frodsbam Penketh Winwick Grappenhall Runcorn Widnes Halton St. Helens Weston Moore Stockton Heath "THE EXAMINER" (8 PAGE 3 56 COLUMNS) AND LARGE SHEET ALMANACS, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22ND, 1906. ONE PENNY.

FOR EVENINO WEAR. W • T. WILLIAMS; CRYSTALINE SILKS Is. ND, DOUBLE WIDTa AND OTHER MATERIALS EQUALLY CHEAP. NEW STOCK OF FANS, GLOVES, ;WRAPS, LAM. ,te SMART DRESSMAKING, PRICES MODERATE. WHITE HOUSE, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON

(JAIISS OF INDIGINTION. —Times have changed since we could take Life easily. Mogern civilisation sets a swift pace that most be followed. A pace that takes a lot out of us. It means a hurry from home to work, a hurry back again. Breathless haste while at work, no time to eat properly or give the stomach the care it should have. You must have help with your digestion and you can find that help in Lig-na. An occasional course of Lig-na will keep your digestive organs in healthy con- dition and enable you to fight the business battle against your 'competitors. Always keep Lig-to' near you, it will repay you. Lig-na may be had from BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, PRICEC Is. FREE SAMPLE will be sent free upon receipt of Post Card to 24. Boum& ST..LIVERPOOL

TO ----, For Workmanship, Fashion, Flt, and Finality, there Is nothing In CA / yA . i Great Britain to equal the goods now being offered. EYE. Felts, Cashmere, Patent. LADIES' . \ SLIPPERS, I Not. 2/111- 2

116 & 118, Bridge Street, Warrington. 47, Victoria Road, Widnes. Bridge Street and Market Place, Eariestown. 6, High Street, Runcorn. 45, Widnes Road, Simms Cross, Widnes.

.9 Nine-tenths of the ills humanity endures are unnecessary ills. For instance : Rheumatism Anmmia Gout Indigestion Neuralgia Biliousness General daurradice Debility Headache are readily curable. One and all arise from the failure of the KEYS & LIVER to perform their functions. These im- portant cr gans, when acting healthily, deal with and remove from the system the poisonous matter which causes the disorders. Directly the kidneys, through either weakness or disease, become unfit to do their duty properly, the blood be- comes actively poisonous and causes us to suffer from uric disorders such as Rheumatism. When the liver is inactive or diseased we suffer from Indigestion, Bilious- ness, Anaemia, Sick Headache, and Blood Disorders. The health of the liver and of the kidneys is so closely connected that it is almost impossible for the kidneys to be affected and the liver to remain healthy, or ric.? cersd. 'SAFE'WARN ER'S CURE • acts equally upon the kidneys and liver, and cures all diseases thereof. Of Chemists, 2/9 and 4/6. Post free direct, H. H. WARNER & CO., LTD., 86 Clerken- well Road, London, E.C.

POLICE CHANGES. Sergeant John Lings, of Earlestown, is retiring from the Lancashire Constabulary on pension, at the end of the present month. In granting his retirement the Chairman (Mr. W. S. Barrett) expressed the deep regret felt by all sections of the constabulary, that, owing to indifferent health, the county would no longer claim the services of so excellent an officer as Mr. Lings. Ho commentect upon his splendid character, attested by the , Chief Constable, and wished Mr. Lings much happiness and better health in private life. In all probability a local testimonial will be presented to Sergeant Lings, the Vicar, Messrs. T. Bowes, T. Siddelev,and Dr. Patter- son having opened a subscription list for this purpose. —P.C. Mullen has been transferred from Earlestown to Orford, and P.C. Wood of that village has come to Earlestowa. P.C. Powell has removed to Worthington, near Boar's Head. Wigan. His place is taken by P.C. Dawson, of Ice. RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. At the Runcorn Sessions on Monday, before Messrs. W. Timmins and D. Bisbrown, John IMulkearn was charged with having used obscene language in Fryer. Street, on November 10th. P.C. Barber proved the case Defendant said his brother-in-law, turned him out at eleven o'clock at night. Why was he not man enough to tell him tine the morning that he did not want him there ? A fine of ss. was imposed. REV. C. F. AIM "CALLED" TO NEW YORK. The Rev. C. E. Aked, pastor of Pembroke Chapel, Liverpool, has been offered the pastorate of the Fifth- avenue Presbyterian Church, New York. He will consult his congregation before taking any steps in the matter. The salary offered Mr. Aked is £5,000 sterling per annum. The Rockefeller family belong to the church. DUKE OF FIFE'S MUNIFICENCE. On Monday the Duke of Fife offered to the Town Councils of Banff and Macduff, as a free gift, Duff House, and that portion of the park immediateiy sur- rounding it, covering an area of 140 acres. The offer was enthusiastically accepted. It is stated that Duff House could not be erected to-day for less than £200,000. The rod-fshing will be very valuable, and the large area of pasture that is part of the gift is studded with noble trees.

Unvarying in Quality. Delicious to the Palate. MAZAWATTEE TEA A Dainty Aroma. Delightfully Refreshing. 'Full weight without wrapper."

_ . " An excellent Food, admirably adapted to the wants of infants and young persons' " —SIR CH•RLES A. CAMERON, CU., Professor of Chemistry. R.C.5.1., Medical Officer of Health for Dublin, PURVEYORS HY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT • TO H.I.M. THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA.

„,,,,, . N) . t • z,y,,,_-__i• tior. , 0 4'. . '' _ • %,. . ',/,'” *lt', ^ . 'lt t 7 , 1 ' -..4.,- ',- ..,_ V. '..t ? , mit ,iitto - .(1,.,,t _...w.. ' , t -1 \ , , i iii. . ' 1;::. 741., • , a, . ,p 1,,-, „„;,-7,-----,-- .. ~\,. ‘,4 . if- . ~„, .--,„..,-„,„ - ~ . -2:,..,., __,-, „. _-. ---. _ ~,,,,.. .0 -.--- ....._,, ~____„---- -------, _ --_--- _- _ ----=-----=--..--- , , HOW TO 8 MAKE GAIIONS PRIME BEER ( \ on-Intoxlcatlng) IN YOUR HOME. MASON'S EXTRACT ... ... ZO 0 a Sugar ... .., ... ... ... Lli. Yeast or Barm ... ... ~.. ... 0 0 I 8 ... ... 0 I 4 E:0 0 0 2 = 2d. PER GALLON. Public Opinion: GOOD! rrs MASON'S. No other Extract makes Beer like it. Send 8 Stamps for Sample Bottle, or Postcard for address of nearest Agent. A small Pamphlet, "Hints on Brewing," sent post free on receipt of rd. Stamp. AGENTS WANTED. NEWBALL & MASON, Nottingham.

Goddard'S- P - a er, - ~.......__. ' Powder For Cleaning Silver EleetroPratedt, ',lold everywhere Ik2Asa. 4A5,

Hayman9 s Balsam Cures COLD & COUGH Unsolicited Testimonial.—" For several 'years we have been using your wonderful Balsam, and we recommend it to our friends as a most Efficacious Remedy."— Miss HUNTER, Balhaln, May 20, 1905. All Chemists and 1. Cash Prices 9;Sd., 6. ASK FOR HAYMAN'S TAKE NO SUBSTITUTE. RHEUMATISM (-e9Z -fed/ ezzizeeAff/a2 eiecia*a.Zizerp-c/r-egl2l BLAIR'S PILLS ' PURE L-V 'NO RESTRAINT n VEGETABLE or DIET a?‘-e(M4tstd Alija:fCaiß

eWitabiriET 01.1V.east CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOU CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on WI soles of the feet. If von suffer try a box, you will never regret it. • Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham

D 9ls a wonderful waterproof of , As 101TanSet tp&resdHervAyEtour p. sof- ten,leal.hzrg with blacking. V GOLD MEDAL BXHIMTION lIMDRST AWARDS. ripu sn ITjaletrs4,"S6aaticifie rs,6.lrlnelogolpstartt i a z,„„d,„.

1 J. H. DOVENER & CO.'S, LW. tal.pnti °IjsNECDE SACKS Best and Cheapest for POTATOES, CORN, &o. 9 KEATINGs TINS L CURE THE WORST COUGH

1 cLARKESBLooDmixTuR .1' THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the Blood from all impurities from Whatever cause arising. In eases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all . SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its effaits are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL SKIN &BLOOD DISEASES t Of all Chemists and Stores, 219 per Bottle. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS.

, . 47AmseRVEO-FiE . ',II ..7.' TIDE ilf4R 1 I ill 1Ar.....i )1 1 ...- of SMINGTON'S 1

alai, :123) 24- u • tl,-...,,,, - ... 1 ociamainsga I - :01,141 ,rro, (II 1•111111111iMMO 12213ERIMIED US emeasseme • i I - ellaif tbe 'own 1 • I I is paying too much for furniture " and is not being I , PROPERLY FURNISHED ' .1 either. The other half goes to , ipiT T sips" Patronised by Royalty Nobility, Scc.. and gets I ARTISTIC, DURABLE ARTICLES ' at about HALF usual cost. ! You be wise also, and Effect Great Saving. t ....„ Style— P, tees— ' ficst Poss:ble. Lowest Poss:ble. 1 ILondon Road Established 1845 `l'elephone 11134 •41,•" ""fiIIIDENDINEINKIIMINDaIIeggIIIitv "gla , ,q,"

rrICV 'Jo • 1 \ S• _ WE WELL DESERVE A VISIT, as we are offering THOUSANDS of POUNDS WORTH of FURNITURE; CARPETS,: BEDSTEADS, BEDDING. E‘c., at very considerably , UNDER USUAL PRICES. 800 Priced Designs Post Free. 40 SPECIMEN FURNISHED ROOMS are always on view at PITT'S, MANCHESTER.

6D,-"E-DINB UR GI/ --- :,. COFFEEESSENCES rat-El/SE ALL /M/TAT/ONS.I - FOR :C.OUGIiS&COLDS. :..-.. • USE l'• , 4N C: ._.- -- . - • - - ""4._ . . . __•-[.... -I , - , .' ~' - - ;c' I.."INSEED , 0 9 10 0 1 7:2KICSEEAD , \... 00 i . KAY'S COMPOUND ESSEN ' .14 LINSEED ANISEED ETs A \ ickt, "4 INSEED COMPOUND" old Kogl!sh4r,o,

BENSON'S RINGS 10,000 in Stock Largest Stock. Best Quality. Lowest Prices. El to £5OO m-Ar,..., ~4..411111W- C,,- ,'"''!l''' '-' ...imft.'4 Brilliants, Pearls, Rubies, •%, - •4114.7.7,?.14,' --'4: ..f. 91" `,>ir _46-4do 44"-...."17..".ru1i,g4Y Emeralds, &a., &c. ," CAN BE PURCHASED BY Opals and . Rubies, or Sapphires Brilliant, Rubies or 4.i ighe Mugs " Brilliants, £6. and Brilliants, £2O. Sapphires, £2 15s. Atoritiriot- ' '744'"ii'l MONTHLY ~.:.,'dIIIIIIIIIIIIIIWA \,,,t:,e4.:-.4;/ ' '''' 41,..- ..-.0 • . , , . . • ' PAYMENT Brilliants, £l2. Brilliants, £8 10s. Brilliants, £lO 10s. _ J WalliEFFr ,6 ...... ..............-groot SYSTEM. - - ~.4,- ~ e. - . , •-.., .-.. ::,; - BENSON'S do not charge ar _ .1 ." .... .-, extra for buying this way. Pearls, Emeralds and Brilliants, £4 4s. ILLUSTRATED ca.l,Lalewweliechr;.l 0 £1 5a Brilliants, £8 Bs. No 2, of Clocks, •Im- -62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, E.C. BOOKS penal Plate,' as Bags. No. 3, of B:lver FREE. Articles for Present&

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE. 1 OF OR GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY BY EADE's priLLs. EADE'S PILLS. SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES ! ! -- 59, Mount-street, Northwood, "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " Hanley, Staffs, Mona Cottages, Jan. 6th, 1905. Coalville, Leicestershire, Dear Sir,—My wife suffered from Rheumatism for a June 4th, 1901. long time, and could get no relief. She was a patient Dear Sir,—l thank you for the good I have received at the North Staffordshire Infirmary, but got worse,and from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two could not walk without crutches. I heard about your...months ago and tried almost everything, but got no Pills from a friend, and bought a small battle. AFTER I better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that THE SECOND DOSE SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES, and AFTER TAKING THEM FOR TWO DA YS WAS QUITE CURED was completely cured in a week. After spending pounds I was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs your pills cured her at a cost of 2s. 3d. I shall recom- Being a miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks mend your pills to everyone I know, and you can make to your Pills I have never felt the least pain since. I the best use of this as a testimonial if it pleases you to recommend them to everybody myself. do so. Yours truly, Yours gratefully, GEORGE WRIGHT. JAMBS WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are y erfectl safe in their action, eliminate all 19. injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. 14d. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. bi the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. ---_ EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS,

A sZ / PP/ DnieN".47. C hristMas Box 44:41;4?:771/ ' 11fi1:141,44•T, , 14E.E'cc41.711"41%;1V \ (With the lid off. : '< 'Z--. ,s2l/pg toe ~.......1. -.-1 ,_ -... ELL- ,•• If after pleasure cometh pain, \.,,,. ..1.4, 0..,p., , _. 14,-;---,..z--.... ,_ , ...;•N 5,5s,5 , ...94.--fp v. , ....o.-A 7-, Take Beecham's Pills and , 4 ,ID ..)=-7-N0.1.,,,,,•--1-:-. \-- ,' smile again. 04 T„,..e4._/..".. ---,•041,,, . ---- • , •\ •,...„. ,„-• • - ...t.s.-- . ~.—.......-.....—.........• 5 • Beechain cure Indigestion, Biliousness, Disordered Stomach, Sluggish Liver, and Sick-headache. They tone up the appetite and repair the ill effects arising from over indulgence in the festivities of a joyful season. BEECHAM'S PILLS will quickly correct the organs of digestion and secretion and enable you to enjoy ...IP .27 jVierry 4 a oealtliy ChristniaS• INA.••••••TrAPATA•TuIknr.h.OOI•"/W Sold everywhere in boxes, price NI (56 pills) & 2/9 (168 pills).

BOOK-KEEPING LINSOXS given through post by a qualified Accountant. Preparation for all Book-keeping Examinations. Special course for Tradesmen wishing to keep their own books. When asking for Terms please state for what Examina- tion or purpose tuition is required. FRANK DUDLEY, Leyel Street, Brierley Hill.

SHAVE AT HOME. sAyeElf)TYin CRaAseZcoOltmpS jteimweseviboslte frteoe.cut your- The BEST and SIMPLEST on the market. 'TRY ONE AND YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT.' MATTHEWS BROTHERS, 15/ CHARING CROSS ROAD, LONDON, W.C. - -- SUITS BLUE AND BLACK SERGE AND VICUNA at 25/ from Leeds, the home a,nd centre of the Clothing Trade. , p.n.TTE XiaTS / LITRYUS SUPPLY CO., 5 WADE STREET. LEEDS.

NO MORE RHEUMATISM If you will may try THE FRANCO REDZEDY. THIS IS NO FRAUD, BUT A GENUINE AND CERTAIN CURE FOR Rheumatism, Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds in Joints, &c. State nature of complaint, enclosing 2/6 P.O. Co FRANCO, 74 St. Peter's Avenue, KETTERING. DR. FITZ GERALD'S GOUT CURE THE WONDERFUL NEW REMEDY FOR GOUT. Will give immediate relief, goes to the spot, and a speedy cure effected. Try a bottle without delay if other medicines have failed. Pronounced to be the finest Medicine for Gant yet introduced. Sole agents:— H. THOMPSON 8: CO., biAMITFACTITHINO CHEMISTS, 455 Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London. Price 2,6 per bottle (postage 3d. extra).
