===== 0002601_19061229_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
AI'CLEAN & SONS,

MONAGHAN, IRELAND. DEALERS IN FIRST-CLASS IRISH HUNTERS AND SCARRIAGE HORSES AND JOB MASTERS. We beg to thank tne Gentry of Liverpool and surr ounci ng districts for their past patronage since opening our LIVERPOOL BRANCH: SANDON MEWS, 80, EGERTON ST. where, owing to the increasing demand for our Speciality in High-cl as Carriage and Hunting Horses and to supply this demand we have completed extensive alterations, and trust. by strict and personal supervision of lytsiness. to retain the confidence in the future as in the past of our numerous patrons. Also soliciting the favour of those in want of good, sonnd, High-class Irish Horses at moderate prices, to entrust us with their requirements, our sole aim being attention and entire satisfaction in our dealings with customers.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
OPEN FOR THR FULL DirS ON

BAPTIST CHURC El. LATCHFORD. TO-MDRROW (SUNDAY) DECEMBER3CrU, 1906. JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. Morning 10.30. "The Word of God "? Evening 6. " Starting Right." OFFORTORIES.

SHAKESPEkRE THEATRF, LIVERPOOL. THE GRAND XHAR PANTOMICE MOTHER 000 SF, Tom B. MURBI.Y AS MOTHER GOOSE. EVERY EVENING AT 7 O'CLOCK.

AGED PROPLN,'S CHRISTMAS TR EAT.— THE •ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION. I DINNER FOR OLD HEN AND TEA FOR AGED WOMEN. WILL BE Rini, em TER !PARR HALL WARRINGTON ON THURqDAY. JANUARY 3RD, 1907, Dinner at 12 n'olock noon And Tea at 6 o'clock In the Evening. A First Class Entertaniment will be given at 7.30 in the evening by the MERRIONS, The Versatile, Humorous Entertainers. Public Adn3leslon.—A. few Reserved Seats, is. ; Centre Gallery, 6d : other Parts, 31.

EYEET OF THE SEASON. WARRINGTON. ImTED TROD AND MUSIC kL FESTIVA L , T/TE3I)AY NEXT, NEW YEAR'S DAY. AFTERNOON AT 2 O'CLOCK.- CHILDREN'S CHOIR CONTEST. CHURCH OR CHAPEL CHOIR CONTEST. _ _

L.VIINING AT 6.30.— MALE VOICE GLIM CONTEST. MALE VOICE CHOIR CONTEST. FINALS FOR INSTRUMENTAL SOLO WARMTH'S. CHORUSES BY WINNING CHOIR OP THH AFTERNOON. DON'T MISS THESE GRAND CONFE3I9. Flan and Tickets at Wadsworth's, 59, Sankey Street, also E. Vi'ilices, Legh Street. Admission Is. 61., ls. (and 64. tickets afternoon only).

3OUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON,— ' I EDUCATION COMMITTEE. TENDERS are invited for the supply of (a) COAL. (b) FIREWOOD and SAWDUST. (o) SOAP. (d) PAILS, ao. (e) BRUSHES. And for the CLEANING of SQHOOL WINDOWS. Forms of tender may be obtained, and samples seen at the Edw./dim Office . Sankey-street, Warrington, from the 7th to the 14th January, 197, betaeen the hours at 9 am. ands p.m. _ • Office. J. MOO)

E MURRAY. M.Sc., Secretary & DirecLor.

XMAS & NEW YEAR'S HOLIDAYS, 1906-7.

GROONII' ;AND PROVISION DEALERS'

CLOSE ON IUESEIAY & WEDNESDAY,

DECEMBER 25TH AND 26T,

TUESDAY, JANUARY IST,

THURSDAY, DROSSIBBR 20ra, THURSDAY.

DRCEMBRR 27Tff, AND THURSDAY,

7ANUABY 3RD.

couDynt OF CHBSTBst, TO WIT. NOTICE IS lIRREBY 131 V RN, that the next OHNBRAT, QUARTHR SR69IONi of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHTiSTBR will be holden at the CASTLES OF Cl STUB, in and for the said County, on MONDAY,the 31st day of December, 1906. at half-past Eleven o'clock in the forenoiin, when the Grand Jury will be empannelied. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundaeds of Broxton. ddisbarY Nantwich, and Wirral, forming the Chester District. a,a the trials of all prisoners committed from such Hundreds will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Chester District must be In attendance at the CaStle of Chester, at the moaning of the Court on Moansy, the list day of December, 1906, at half- past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THB Court will be Adjourned to the Court House, Knutr- ford, on WIIDNBSDAY, the 2nd day of January, 1907, at Bleven o'clock In the Forenoon. The bearing of Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Bucklow. Macclesfield. and Northwich, forming the Knutsford District, and the trial. of all prisoners committed from th• last-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Knutsford District must be In atten- dance at the Court House, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on WIUMEIMLY. the 2nd day of January. 1907, at Eleven o'clock In the Forenoon. RRGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peacefor the County of Cheater. Chester,llll3 December, 1906.

OCUNTY PALATINE OF CHRSTRR. DIBBASE9 OF ANIMALS ACT, 1894, DOGS ORDER, 1906. REGULATIONS AS TO w RARING OF COLLARS BY DOGS:_

NOTICE IS TIFFiti3Y GIVEN that the Execu- tive Committee of the Local Authority of the County Palatine of Chester, at a Meeting held on the Bth day of November, 19C6. at Chester Castle, made, in exercise of the powws conferred up )fl them bythe Dogs Order, 1906, the following regulation as to the wearing of Collars by Dogs, such regulation to come Into operation on the let day of January, 1907 3 " No Doe shall be allowed to be in or on any Highway or place of Pelle Resort unless such Dog Is wearing,whlle In such flishway or Place of Public Resort, a Collar with the name and arleress of the owner a such Dog inseribed thereon or on a plate or badge attached thereto."

FFOINALD POTTS; Clerk of the Chester County Council. Mester, 19th November, 1906. IiRIIIIFTION FROM RIeGULATION. The foregoling Regulation does not apply to any paok of hounds or to any dog while being used for sporting purposes, or for the rapt ureor de.truction of vermin, or for the driving or tending of cattle or sheep. SBIZURB OF DOGS WHORR REGULATIONS ARB CONTRAVENED. Any dog in respect of which an offence is being committed may be seized and treated as a stray rug under the powers conferred by Section 3 of the Dogs Act, 1908. OVFENCBS. If any Dog is found in a highway or in a place of public resort not wearing a collar as prescribed by the above Regula- tion, the owner lf the Dog and the person for the time being In charge thereof and the person allowing the same to be in the highway or in the place of public resort In contravention of the Regulation, shall each according to and In respect of his own sets and defaults be deemed guilty of an offence egalnst the I !senses of Animals Act. 1894. DISTRICT. The Dieted& of the Local Authority of the County of Chester does not include the City of Cheater nor anyalt the Boroughs eitherjwholly or partly within the.Countyl

• liducetion ~0111 Warria ;ton. Dee. / XMAS & IN.EW YEAR'S Tr 1906-7. TH WARRIEGTOP AND ASSOCIATIOY CLOG'

===== 0002601_19061229_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT

ASSOCIATION HAVE AGREED 10

AND ALSO ON

BUT THEIR ESTABLISHMENTS WILL BB

II

_ Iticw,.. V., , 4,1/7,-.; -15 \''' , . . _.. i 4....--, , - ..,,,,,, . ..:-,-. A ~ 4. , .., ~..> -,-. f ~,,i...4. 1 (4,,,,._ r,,,• ~,,,-„A,/ii, 1:, :.:..-_, 4, 4 ..40:it 1/4.. -.14 *'' .., .. . , , . ) iti. tf• ! , • N.L. 4S) 1 4,7 V, iS. ..• 4, r.... 4 I 11—..„i.„..2.,.17:A../ Ili i•-0 r' \ ; \ .-yiti '.l34lC'k 1 l',l 1 1 r .. kr t.j,t,„ ... _.,.. .._. ckOr 1 t 441 " . -t.i..4 i\.; ~ Ini i 1 1 - 1.. 4-',' "A ,i..kir.,,,..;,,...„1,0,1i;,,,,."*. 1,,T4A, _., 1 c _„ : &..,..... -,.. • 4e- r-Z."-- --......-...." '''"°'.o7./S'ilV./N c--,,,,,. r. •-..; ...ic '- ' - -"r'.rt.i.;,,,,. . •.• ~,,,y. , , ....." ...,, ..• ~... . :441111.,1-:'''

No 1555 ONE PENNY

Tel, 0777 Royal. Close to the Hippodrome and Olympia.

£l6/10/-

£l2/10/-

sivrinanAlir, DECEMBER 29, 1906.

By Pori' 12 73 per Quarter 53 6d per anr,nra zs 9d per Quarter credit

TEETH EXORS. OF TEETH. J H PA RKINSON

_ _ MANCLIESTER, TEETH HAVE OPENED AT TEETH 14, SANKEY ST., TEETH WARRINGTON, AND WILL ATTEND TEETH EVERY WEDNESDaY 11 to 6. TEETH EVERY SATURDAY 11 to 5. Branches at CRBWB, NORTHWICIi, TEETH sod WINSVOLID. (See Local Papers).

ANNUAL CUIRISTAJAS SALE OF WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, ELECTRO-PLATE AND SILVER GOODS.

J. FINLA YSON, 42, HORSEMARKET STREET,

Begs to announce to the public and his numerous customers that during the month of December he will give a bona-fide DISCOUNT OF 2s. IN THE g off his already well-known Low Prices.

Call and inspect our Maggificent Selection of Useful Novelties in Gold and Silver before purchasing elsewhere.

rXI C) IF' Fir ' Mo

vcor;. Esrmilir) AND CAKES.

HIGHEST AWARDS.

TELEPHONE 0559 98 IrigtlDGE ST., virmlitmicrivozz.

a

MC.

II

ill

Annual Furniture Sale. THE LARGEST STOCK OF NEW AND SECOND-HAND FURNITURE IN THE TOWN. PARTIES FURNISHING ARE INVITED TO INSPECT GOODS. THE STCCK INCLUDES :—STYLISH BEDROOM SUITES; WO3l, LION, ANT) BRASS BEDSTEADS; PARLOUR SUITES; HANDSJME DISPLAY CABINEP 4. S DEW-111(1)s. • 13:),)K- -CASES, DINING AND OCCASIONAL TABLES, ALL BY BIGH-CLASS MAKE IS •, S9ECIAL BARGAINS IN SUPEBIOR AXMINsTER AND BRUSIELS CARPETS, SKIN AND OT BEARTHRUGS ; FENDERS AND FIRE APFLIAN ,ES, C3TT&GE PIANOFORTES; HAIR AND WOOL MATFRESsES IN STOCK AND MADE TO ORDER; EX ELLENT NON SAFES; AND AN IM vIENSE ACCUMULATION OF SIIKEY,ANEOUS BOUSEEOLD EgFEC P.S.—ALL KINDS OF GOODS TAKEN IN PART EXCHANGE. Sutton's Sale Rooms, LEON STREET, WARRINGTON.

PENDLEBUR

QUALITY AND VARIETY ARE TWO OF THE MAIN CHARACTERISTICS or PENDLEBURY'S STOOK OF

LINOLEUMS & CAR YOU CAN RUN NO RISK BY GIVING FREE SCOPE ' PARTICULAR FANCY IN THE MATTER OF I PAT lERN OR DESIGN. THE QUALITY YOU MAY BE SURE OF IF YOU BUY AT PENDLEBUR%

ALL SORTS OF FLOOR COAT RTNGS

%4

I

7, •- '

ARS ON VIEW. IT ONLY REMAINS FOR YOU TO CHOOSE WHIT SUITS YOU BEST AND WE WILL SEND EXPERIENCED MEN TO MEASURE AND PIT. COME TO-DAY AND HAVE THE HOUSE BRIGHTENED UP FOR C3BISTMAS TIME. •

PENDLEBURY'S, CENTRAL STATION, WARRINGTON!!

===== 0002601_19061229_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- _ •

mein

===== 0002601_19061229_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
1 ONDON and PROVINCIAL ENTBRTAINMENT 11 BUREAU provides Skilled Entertainers, Pianists, for Parties, Dances, etc. List free.--25AwAci En, Provincial Branch, 42, Carsick it., Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
WN N ARRIGTON IFIRMARY XTENSION, SUBSCRIPTIONS TO DATIL s. d. Proceeds of People's College Concert, per Mr. C. Jackson •Holmes 22 0 0 Miss Pierpoint, St. Austin's Proceeds of Concert and Donation from Croft Horticultural Society Small sums Contributions to Mrs. J. R. Pickmere's fund, per Mrs Atkin, bon. treasurer : Mr. A. P. Boum phrey, Baycliff,Lymm 5 5 0 Miss Appleton Miss Kidd 2 2 0 Mrs. W. W. Dimmelow I 1 0 Msg. Rwart Mrs. W. J Bonham Mrs. Law Smith I I 0 Mrs. Nalph Tick's. Hill Side Farm Small sums Amount prevlonely acknowledged 1,0191 6 I

£10,255 13 6

W. PETER RYLANDS, Chairman of the Extension Committee. OROBOR DARIN, Non. Treasurer.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
£B/19/-

===== 0002601_19061229_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
E 25 -

===== 0002601_19061229_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
3-GUINBA SOLID GOLD CURB AND PADLOCK' BRAORLIIT.

25/--Most Fashionable Hall-marked and Government Stamped massive flexible Curb and Padlock BRACRLBT, complete in case; special. Also another, wide open links. at 255. •Iso very massive. Hall-marked flexible Curb and Padlock ; extraordinary value, £4 ; LIOW 398. Also vary choice solid Gold etiN snapping, engraved and Hall- marked, usual price 4(s ; now 16s 6d. Also lovely Real Diamond and Ruby E-Stone Solid Gold Bracelet, reduced from £3 10. to 255. LAUGH SHLHOTIONS, with diamonds and gems. Sent on Approval. PAYMBNTS. Cash backlit not as represented.— o,egs )A VIES'S LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LARGE DIAMOND 6- iTONTh HALF HOOP. The very finest and whitest quality, without speck or flaw; trernandoe, fire and lustre, in latest hsnci-carved claw carved setting, very stylish, and wonder, fully cheap ; also beautiful large, 3-Stone Diamond Ring, claw setting, now £9 18.; also very line quality, equal to new,Elecond- bani 5-Stone, purest white, large, 5-stone Half-Hoop, very heavy 19-Carat, thick (but neat), claw setting, £lB ; now £6 18s 6d. RINGS ON APPROVAL.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
CENTRAL FURNISHING STORES. BERNARD PEARSON AND CO., PROPRIETORS, 100 A & 102, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL 102. YOU wish to Buy, aid at the same time Save. WE tlusrantee to s,,ve you 33 per cent. or more, because WM MARE ALL OUR 07 N FURNITURE an/ MIRRORS at Pearson's liulldißgs, Clare Street, which does away with two middlemen's Irsits. That is why all our Goods are MARRED IS PLAIN FIGURES. You cannot possibly do better than go to 102, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. 102. CARRIAGE PAID ON ALL 401,D5. RSTIMATES FREINFOR HOUSE FURNISHING.'

===== 0002601_19061229_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
- 'l*D\ effiire A V

EXPERIENCED MEN EMPLOYED.

PROSPECTUSES AND BALANCE SHEETS. '1 EXAMINER" OFFICE.

JOHN LUN'f, Bv7I,'NIVI'O7.

. RIMY A L CONTRACTOR.

ESTIMATES FREE.

BErrAnLrearn 1833.

TELEPHONE No. lu7.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THEMIST AND CHRAPBST BVRR OFFERS!) TO TRH PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D.. lOU., AND Is. BD., ZACII waoi MULE Br

3. MOM SE SON, LTD:, WARRINGTON.

A BROKEN-DOWN SYSTEM. This is a Condition (or disease) to which doctors give many names, but which few o' them really understand. It Is simply wsakness—a breesAdown as it were, of the vital forces that sustain the system. No matter what may be its causes (for they arc almnst numberless), its symptoms aremuch the same ; the more prominent being sleeplessness, sense of prostration or weariness, depression of spirits and want of energy for all the ordinary sffairs of life. Now, what alone Is absolutely essential in cli such Case, is I NORICASIM VITALITY—vigour—VITAL 8 PRIINCITH AND HNICNGIL to throw off these morbid feelings, RSA experience proves that as night succeeds the rlsy this may be more certainly secured by a course Of the celebrated life-reviving tonic. THERAPION NO. 3. than by any other known combination. So surely as it is taken In accordance with the printed directions seoorn- panying it, will the shattered health he restored, ttle HX• PINING LAMP OF LIFII LIGHTRD UP AFRRSH, and a new existence imparted in plane of what had so lately seemed worn-out, " used up," and valueless. This wonderful re- storative is purely vegetable and innoenous, is wettable to to the taste—suitable for all constitutions and nonditions,in ' either sex; and it is difficult to imagine a case of disease or derangement. whose snsin features are those of debility. that will not be speedily and permaneatly benefited by this never-falling recuperative essence, which la destined to east _ into oblivion everything that had preceded it for this wide• spread and numerous class of human ailments. THERAPION may be procured in Rngland at 2s. 91. and 49, 6d.. post free, for P. 0.. from INfr. 11. SOHN 90N, 43, HOLFORD EQUAHT4, LONDON, W.C. Purchasers should see that the word THERAPION appears on British Government Stamp (to white letters on a red ground) affixed to every package by order of his Majesty's Hon. Comanissiensrs, and without which it Isle forgery.

• . ~ - 7---- • 1 'l.li':l-1-C•z'' 114• '. = I . ,„ 1- - CI l•rj,e3::?"‘,:a.-. -,4, , ‘' j r n 4: IT ,k,.. -,•. ii , , \l'a y---=--, at. //- 1t.:,,,. ........, , • ( • / ~ -

===== 0002601_19061229_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, '

===== 0002601_19061229_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ME

. • -,•

"A.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

•

===== 0002601_19061229_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGALUS Patelit SELF-RAISING FLOUR ONCE TRIED The Examiner, Saturday, December 29, 1906

[ALL RIGHTS WESETtVED.I

"I'm afraid _I -0:13 prrocouplfil," Ate *aid,

srailing very pleasantly, "you must feriive me. 'When a man comes ht.aile after a loup; absence and finds himself among dear old friends, on such an OCCllllloll—aud, I hope, dear-to-be new ones, too—he is to be forgiven, is .he not, i. he is .a little thoughtful ? Oh, we mt.nage- t..ings in Australia in much the same way among the upper classes; the people there are mostly English." "Many, I suppose, though, left their country for their country's good ? " she said, with a smile. "Didn't we send over convicts there once to New South Wales, or Botany Bay, or some- .

_ His glance b;?caree very direct for an instant. Had the woman a suspicion ? No, no, it was a

chance word.

"I believe so," he answered, quietly. "Now PO keep them nearer home, many just here, at Dartmoor. I hear one poor beggar escaped last night; I wonder have they caught him yet? If not, I should think they will not. ",And I supp9so you hope they will not ? " . . . .

The hum oiii Of tl;e question sfruch him. "Oh, .most decidedly, I hope they will not," he answered. "Don't you ? " • She looked dubious for a minute. "I really don't know that I care very much one way or the other,"- she nswered. "I suppose one generally has what might -almost be called a perverted sympathy with a man fighting for his liberty. For all that, he would not have been a prisoner in Dartmoor had he been a person to be esteemed. For the sake of society at large, it would be better, probably, that he should be caught. They are going into breakfast now, shall we go?" Vernon Salisbury smiled to himself as he made hie way to the handsome room where lark altrast was to be served. Yesterday at this time he had been hard at work, habited in the dress of a eonviet, with Armed warders standing over him; to-day he was a gentleman at large, wising in good society, already the object of

more than ono% woman's admiration! The situation VNa pertainly humororm Of all thT company he wa.l the handsomest man, the most healthy-looking; his skin was fresh as. that of a young girl, his eyes as clear. Even Olive Brandon looked at him once or twice, admiring him in an impersonal way. More than a little jealous, Paul Clifford whispered to her: "la that fellow going to stay, Olive? I shan't half like it if he does.

"Why not? What does it matter? Surely, you would not be jealous?" •

yes." "How shocking! Don't you know jealousy is a sin?"

I "It's natural—the man's too horribly good- ; looking • and, of course, he has eyes to see how ; beautiful you arc." I "You don't trust me, then ? You don't belieye what I told you in the rose garden ?" I. He managed for a minute to clasp her bands in his; no one was looking at them—at all events, no one but Vernon Salisbury. Everyone else had eyes only for the bride and bridegroom.

"I do trust you," he answered. "I know quite well you'll be as true to me always as I shall be to you; but it is reasonable, is it not, that I should begrudge this man the honour of your company, which he will have if he stays? And I don't see how he'll he able to help falling in love with you. I believe he's half in love now." "Nonsense! "she said. "He's perfectly satisfied with Mrs. Cole. How handsome she looks. I never saw her look better. I thought to-day would have been a blow to her; it seems I was mititaken."

' P au ifford glanced at the widow; she was i talking with much animation to Vet non Salisbury, making him laugh now and then. For all that, she did not really engage his attention; 1 his thoughts were with Olive Brandon; his eyes mostly turned in her direction. Now and then he glanced at the bridegroom. John Brandon I seemed to have forgotten his crime of the night before--the present cmb.trrassment of the situa- tion. He had won the one woman he wanted; she was now his wife, his to have and to hold until death them did part—nothing else seemed I to matter.

His face was perfectly radiant; his eyes dwelt with adoring love on the pale face of his bride. She was not looking her best, because she was not marrying a man she loved, but to him her face was the most beautiful in the whole wide world.

She was not unhappy; she was not sorry the final step had been taken, but her feelings differed very much from his. His near presence was not distasteful, but it was not a delight; her eyes when they met his were cold, a little hard. Vernon Salisbury bent near to Mrs. Cole. "If ever I marry," ho said—and she felt her heart leap—"l hope my bride will give me prettier, more loving glances than Mrs. Brandon gives dear old Jack. 6.11 the love is upon one side, is it not 9"

"Most of it, any way," Mrs. Cole returned. "I think she likes him, has a lukewarm sort of affection for him; but it was the brother Whom she really eared for. He died in South Africa. Did you know him ? "

Vernon Salisbury thought of the night before;. of the horror hidden in the safe, which he had carried out into the darkness of night. He was ty- man almost wthout nerves, and yet he shuddered. know him ?" he repeated. "I wonder do we evr know anyone? I have met him, of course. I should fancy a woman has a better chance of happiness with Jack." Mrs. Cole shook her head. "I don't know," she answered. "We women are quite as fond of giving love as receiving it. Celia will never, I think, be able to give hers to John Brandon; it's buried in Dick's grave. Ah! we are to be victimised• with a speech—one escapes that at most up-to-date weddings." But the speeches were not long. The happy pair were making a long journey, and had to start fairly early. When the bride went to change her dress, John Brandon took Vernon Salisbury to the study. "You want money, of course? " he said. "How much ? "

Vernon Salisbury flung himself into a chair, and smiled at John Brandon. "Oh nothing to speak of," be answered. "A

few pound notes will do me. I shall have next door to no expenses. If you give me the address of your tailor I can order sonic clothes, and you can settle later on. Don't bother about me in any way. I shall be all right until you come back." John 'Brandon's face grew troubled. "All right? Where?" he asked. "Why, at your place, to be sure, dear old chap—close to my old quarters, in the charming society of your adorable sister and Mrs. Cole. Don't say anything against the plan, because I've made up my mind to stay—and I shall stay." John took a turn up and down the room. What could he do? Nothing. This man had the whip hand of him; and yet to leave him in the same house as his sister--a convict—it was horrible! "It's not safe here," he said. "Warder Sullivan met me as we returned to the house; he says anyone else but Chief Warder Clark would have recognised you; that your eyes give you away. He told me to tell you to get away." Vernon Salisbury nodded. "I daresay, but I shall stay." "Why?" "In the first place, because I know I shall be comfortable, because I feel :are; in the second place, because I'm half in love with, your beautiful sister." John Brandon turned on his companion in a rage, his hand lifted; he felt as though some noxious reptile had stung him—then his.arm dropped. "Don't dare to say anything like that again! he said, "or--or no consideration for my own safety will prevent me giving you up, and taking the consequences. I- tell you, you can't stay here!" "And I tell you I will! As for your sister, are you so blind that you cannot see I am likely to get no return for the admiration I must give her? Didn't you recognise the young people were next door to, if not quite, plighted lovers, when we saw them in the garden ? I should like to cut him out; if I thought it possible I could succeed I would try, but I recognise it is not possible. Go away without any misgivings. Unless I am very much mistaken, Mrs. Cole will see Miss Brandon does not have much of my company—the good lady is more than half in love with me already. That's the worst of widows, they will take the initiative—they won't wait for the mall to do the wooing." Jaok did not answer at once, he quite recog- nised that he was powerless in this matter. If Vernon Salisbury made up his mind to stay, he could not prevent him; seemingly, too, hi could . not frighten him. He either believed he was safest- here. or he was utterly reckless of souse-

quences. For as instant he wondered whether he would be wise to turn traitor with regard to this man —to inform the prison authorities anonymously that he was there, to risk the chance that he also would turn traitor. After all, it would do the convict no good to get him into trouble.

"You don't consider," he said, "how awkward it will be for me if you .arc caught hero."

Vernon Salisbury' lifted his-handsome eye- brows, and opened his beautiful eyes very wide. "But, my dear chap, I do," he answered—"l realise that more than anything else; it will mean a hanging job, for your safety and mine are now bound up. So long as lam free you are free—no longer! Do you think it's wise to talk to me so long ? To me it seems a little risky. I fancy we'd better say good-bye. Give me sonic loose cash. I'll let you know when I want more."

John Brandon gave up the job in despair. The man meant to stay—would stay—would mac himself quite at home in his house; get on friendly terms with his sister. It was all too horrible, and he did not even know what tho man's crime had been. Some offence against the law, not against life, Warder Sullivan had saiJ —there-was just a grain of comfort in that. He pushed some money towards him, then without another word he went from the room.

Everyone was waiting in the hall, the bride, dressed for travelling, was coming downstairs. Quarter of an hour later adieux had been said, and bride and bridegroom had driven off. Vernon Salisbury trolled up to Olive Brandon, who was sitting in the comparative seclusion of a bay window with her lover. "I hope I'm not in the way," he said, "hut I'm feeling lonesome, as the children say. May I stay with you two? Dear old Jack "—he looked at Olive—"assured me you would not let me feel his absence too much; that you would take pity on a stranger in what, after my long absence, seems almost like a foreign land. Olive smiled at him pleasantly. It was natural, perhaps, that Paul Clifford should frown. "We will take pity OD you, of course," she answered. "I thought Mrs. Cole had taken you under her wing, or I'd have looked for you. Are you very glad to be back in England ? ' He had seated himself beside her. Now ho leant backward, looking at her with deep admira- tion in his beautifully lashed eyes. "I am very glad, at all events, to be here," he answered. "Other countries are all very well, but there is no place like home, when home means England.' . _ .

Paul.lea—nt forward, so that he screened Olive from Vernon Salisbury's CqZP.

oar part or Austral; asked.

Vernon Salisbury rose coolly, and moved hi. seat. "Pardon Me," he said, "I couldn't see Miss Brandon, and one natui al), wants to see cue's companions. What part of Australia ? Oh, all parts. I was here, there, everywhere— rolling stone gathering no moss. You don't think that's much to my credit, and you're quite right, of course. Still, it isn't always one's fault when one gathers no moss. I "—he smiled grimly —" have known fellows work like galley_ slaves, and earn next door to nothing— very, little beyond bed, and board, and raiment." "But that's a good deal, isn't it? " Olive asked. "After that one only wants pocket ince ey. Any way, Mr. Salisbury, you don't look its, though hard work, or no \yolk, whichever has been your 14, has done you much harm. Do all men from Au ttralia look as well as ycu do, I wonder? If so, you're a living recommendation of the country. I heard one of the men sa/.to- day, Who is that chap who looks so absolutely well ?' That was rather a nice thing to have said of one, was it not ? "

.utys," he said, tenderly, "I Ate you acknowledge that,though you may no more than your deserts, you are ye; :ortuuate. I mean to make you so happy—so very happy. I love you so utterly that I must succeed. And some dear day you will confess to me, I know, that you bless the day that made you mine. It won't be yet, perhaps, but it will come."

"You are very confident." "Qaite. No Man ever succeeded h was noi ronfleent. That man who says I will achieve,' does achieve ; the man who only says, I'll try,' often fails. I've set myself a dear, delightful task— to make you love me, and I mean to win your love." She liked his confident words, the deep tone of resolve in his voiCe. It was a pity John Mandan had not sj.-.)ken like this earlier in his wooing, she would have esteemed him the morn; tut he had not felt sure of his footing. Now cvervthina was chansed—she was his wife. She slipped her hand into his; she looked up half shyly. "I hope you will succeed, Jack," she mid. It will be very pleasant, lam sure, to love you. And now, I think we ought to go through 3ur letters and telegrams of congratulation. I have a great packet here. It will be something to do—something to while away the long hours of the journey." John thought, but did not say so, no hours spent with her could be long to him. She was kinder than ever she had been before. He was very grateful. He would not worry her with love-making. "We'll read the telegrams first," she said, opening 'her dressing-bag, and taking cut a packet of yellow envelopes. "What a hurry everyone was in to call me 21Irs. Brandon—not one is addressed to me in my own name." "Oh, I beg your pardon!" he interrupted, with a smile, and she laughed responsively. "In my maiden name, then," she corrected, "and not one is addressed to you; evidently no one thinks you are to be congratulated. Hoes that, look ominous ? "

, . . Paul Clifford fidgeted; he seemed out of the I conversation altogether. He was, probably, not aware how angrily he stared at Vernon Salisbury.• ! "A very nice thing," Vernon answered, "and - that's just how 1 feel—absolutely well, Aso- lutely happy and contented. What time shall : we go home, Miss Brandon ?" Paul frowned more than ever. So this man.watt going to stay in John Brandon's house, was going to be Olive's daily companlon! It was enough to ruffle the temper of any lover. He glared more savagely at Vernon Salis- bury. Then suddenly his look changed. The! ex-convict had clasped his bands behind his head, and in doing so had slightly moved the whole of his hair. Paul Clifford's gaze was riveted.: "Oh, when we like, I suppose," Olive I answered. "There i 3 to be no 'alice, or anything ot that sort ; but it's very pleasant here, is it ! not?"

"More than pleasant," Vernon returned, and moving his head slightly on lris hands, the wig shifted again. "For the present"— (.e. smile in his handsome eyes was audacious "I ask nothing better than the present. If the future should happen to improve upon it--" he glanced at Paul, as though he would have said, "If you see fit to take yourself off, my friend, I shall not complain." To his surprise, Paul Clifford looked back at him and Smiled, smiled quite amicably, almost amusedly. "I wonder why he wears a wig ?" he said to hin.ltielf. "1 wonder, if Oliva has. noticed it?

"Veiy ominous," he returned, leaning more closely to her.' He felt very, very happy. 'rho tragedy of the night before did not come ,nto his mind; for the minute his bride took p.issession of every thought. And one by one she handed him the telegrams, couched for the most part in the same terms. "Very hearty congratulations." "Many con- gratulations." "All good wishes." After reading perhaps a dozen, she put the remainder back in the hag. "We'll take the rest as need." she said:. "ng

_ Atter all, he's not quite tne Apollo ho appears.. I needn't be jealous." one nao anytiong ctry original tcriby. Ana now for the letters. They came early, and they are addressed to me. I suppose I ought to have CHAPTER XVI. . read them before, but really I had not time." . - , THE LETTER. She turned them over carelessly; then suddenly Once they had statted on their honeymoon, she paused, turned pale, her very lips blanched, alone at last, the man felt absolutely,happy. His a great trembling took possession of her. She heart's desire was his; between him and this crushed an envelope in her hands, her eyes, beloved woman no man living or dead could come grown frightened, gazed affrighted at John. now. As they drove rapidly to the station, the ' "What does it mean ? " she said, in a half sun shining brightly, the birds singing, the trees whisper- "This is Dick's writing, and he is dressed in their teLder green, it seemed to him dead—dead! Can the dead write? Jack--Jack! wtture rejoiced in his happiness. The un_ I'm frightened." . responsiveness, almost coldness of the woman ' She crushed the letter more tightly. She caught did not even chill ' him or damp his happiness. Jack's fingers in her left hand, the new wedding- Things would be different soon. The law had ring pressed into his flesh painfully. In a made her his, her love he would win in time, moment he was as pale as/ she; he tried to Ha was a patient 'man, and, having now so much, speak—tried desperately to pull himself together. cculd wait for the rest. It was with an effort he mastered his fear. • A _ . _ _ . . _ _ .

Safely in the railway carriage, the train letter from his brother to his brid-O! rit-i-M-d not travelling rapidly, he put his arm round her, struck him for a moment that Dick had written drew her to Min, kissed her. —and yet it was but natural that he .slthuld have. "My sweet wife!" he said. "My dear, sweet I "Let me see," he said. "You have been mis- wife ! Darling, do you know how happy lam ? " taken, dearest, darling; don't be frightened. A She laughed pleasantly. One of her mother's dead man cannot write, of course; it lis stun, ,guests had told her it was a great triumph that chance resemblance. So many people, some not she should have won the love of John Brandon • very intimately acquainted with you, are writing, that he was a man whom no -other woman had ,it is one of these. Let me open the letter. I'll ever pleased. Many, she said, had set their caps . —l'll soon set your fears at rest." at him, not only because he was rich, and had i He must get hold of the letter, read it, destroy one of the most beautiful places in the county, it. He knew instinctively that it was from his but because they -hasl really cared for him. The . brother—she must never know. The letter would knowledge that other women had cared for the say: "I have come back to you. You have man who was now her husband-, rendered him thought me dead; I am alive—alive and coining of more value in her eyes, i home to marry you." Why had not. Dick told "You look happy," she said. "You look , him he had written? He could have done some- absolutely happy, and, just at the present,: thing then. , moment, lam feeling rather pleased myself. It 1 He took the hand that held the letter, but she all went off so well,did it not? Without a hitch did not loosen her grip upon it. To her it of aisy sort. Everyone seemed happy, and, if . seemed that a letter had come from a dead man congratulations mean anything, Most folk think i—a dead man whom she had loved, who had l'm a fortus 's woman." ; loved her. It never even ant red into her "And you s- .ked, half wistfully swhai thoughts that be could be alive. do you think 1 He saw the deadly fear, the superstitious terror . "1? Oh, 1 n Inow—it all depends. I in her expression, and changed his tactics. La t s one fortunate to get what one deserves ? I think I "Shall we destroy it—throw it away ?" he said. I'm entitled to a good husband, and I believe I : "Whatever it contains will only be the old stereo- -have one, so I don't think. I'm fortunato. I type congratulations. Let us destroy and for- have my deserts, that's all." : get it." She sighed softly as she spoke. She had never I She looked down Miler hand, then slowly she felt more satisfied with John Brandon than relaxed the grip her fingers had of the paper. she did just now. He had formed an entirely A new idea had come into her mind. necessary part of what most folk evidently con- "No," she said in a queer, halting, stilted sidered a great triumph for her. He had looked tone, "no, it is from him; it will mean he is handsome as he stood by her side at the altar, if : alive. Oh, how terrible, terrible it will be if he slightly nervous. He had done her credit. For ! is'alive, and lam your wife!" all that her thoughts for an instant travelled to I She slid not realise how cruel her words were; another man. she did not oven notice how he shrank from He heard the sisii. Pei-bass he knew why Alp them. She drew her Left hand from:ben beals,sdi!a_

===== 0002601_19061229_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
WRITTEN IN SCARLET.

13T ALICE 3IAUD MEADOWS, Miler of "One Life Between," "A Million tt Money," "The ENtrenie Penalty," "For Lo of a Lady," "I Charge You BoLh," &e.

CHAE'I'ER XV. MP.. COLE.

Mrs. Cole, the lady who, as far as possible. acted the part of mother towards (-Aire Brandon. was a good-looking woman on the wrong side oi fifty, though she certainly did not lock it. ile: one wish in life since her widowhood had hen to settle herself again. Marriage has its draw- baek=, no d'oebt— her own had not been particu- larly happy—but it has one advantage, on recommenontion as a rule it constitutes a provision for one's old age. Marring° is, generally, aS good, at all events, as an anruity, and, for a woman, much eheaper to obtain. Mrs. Cole had ',ad deeigns upon John Brandon. Ti Dick had hot gone away, and, at everyone supposed, died in a dietant country, there was, of course, some likrliticed that in the end he Might have married her. Life for a man, lived without the company of a woman, becomes, after a time, as a rule, veryelonely. If Celia Verde had been beyond Johnill reach, when Olirs married, ten chances to one he weuld have asked Mrs. Cole to share his name. She was older than he; he had cared for -her only as a friend— scarcely as that. The thing would, however, most likely have come to pass. Mrs. Cole bad no; gone to the church. Lady Caroline, who naturidly wanted to be present at the marriage, had ast.ed her to receive the,. bride and bridegroom and the rest of the guests on their return from tire Ceremony. She kissed Celia as she came into, the house.; she had ',ea jealous of the girt, bat she was wise enough to realiso that jealousy was now more than foolish. John Brandon was beyond her reach; she was sorry, but still was not so sorry to-day as she had been yestereay, because at brenkfast that morning she had seen a man whom she felt she could very much prefer even to John Brandon. He was quite young, he had just returned from abroad; he had mentioned, trite casually, as though it were an ordinary remark, that he„liad not seen a beautiful woman until that morning for he did not know how long. Ile had locked at her, she was sure, with admiration, and when John Brandon went on his heneymoon, he was to atop and pay her and Olive a visit. He had a charming name—Vernon Salisbury— she thought she had never heard a more attrac- tive one, and it suited him so perfectly. He was handsome— so handsome that at breakfast John Brandon had looked a little ordinary; she had wondered how she could over have admired him. He had a bright, breezy manner, and although he talked nonsense, it really seemed preferable to sense. She had taken him round the garden; he had plucked her a little flower—she was Wearing it now. With something approaching a blush, she told herself a woman was a fool who could not marry a man with whom she was thrown into daily, hourly contact. She quite forgot that 811 c had failed to marry John Brandon; that she had don. her best and ailed. Defeat had not only not aisheaitened her, elle bad elven forgotten she had been defeated. She was certainly looking very handsome. Many man, no doubt, would have admired her more than they would a young girl. Personally, she was like those many men, she admired hereelf very much. "I wish I could have been earlier with nay congratulations," she said to Celia, "but one eisn't,unfortunately, be in two places at the same time. Who is that your husband is talking to?" The girl started, then she flushed, shyly, then she frowned. "Oh, for goodness sake, don't call him that!" she said, "it sounds so old- fashioned. It's one of the warders from Dartmoor. It seems a prisoner escaped last night, they thought he had taken refuge in Jack's house, and searched it. I suppose the man has come to tell us they have caught him—they always do catch them, do they not ?" Mrs. Cole nodded. "Generally, I believe," she answered. "But how very inconsiderate of the man to come worrying here on a wedding- day. Just as though anyone cares whether the wretch is caught or not—so long, of course, as he'does not come near one. Are you going stairs ? Shall I tell John when he conies in? He's sure to ask first thing where you are." Celia shrugged her shoulders. 'Just as you like," she said. "I do hope Jack is not going to be one of those husbands who never leave one alone. I shall hate being married more even than I expect to be, if be is!" For some reason or other Mrs. Cole smiled. Perhaps she was glad it did not seem very likely John Brandon would hare a very rosy time with his young wife. "A foolish hope," she said. "There are only two kinds of husbands, my dear, the ones who love us almost too much, and the ones who do not love us enough. Believe me, it is better to 114 re tno !TIIIPh love than too little." "Celia paused. Hi, there 7 then, no happy medium ? ' she asked. "No," Mre, Cole returned. "What now items to you it happy medium, in a week's time you would look upon as neglect." John Brandon left the warder as she spoke, and came quickly into the house; at.the same tine Celia vanished upstairs. Mrs. Cele went to meet the bridegroom, her hands outstretched in 'welcome. - _ . _

"A thousand thousand congratulation!" she said, gushingly. "I need not ask you •if your heart's at rest vow—if you're quite, quite happy a j last." She looked ull as she spoke, laughing lightly: then the smile died. The expression on John's

face was not by any means that of a happy bride- groom; he was pale; he seemed upset. Was it ' possible they had quarrelled already ? "You are very kind; thank you," he said, vaguely, carelessly. "Where is Celia?" Mrs. Cole pulled herself together; something was wrong, of course. The newly-made husband and wife had probably had a tiff on their way from church. It was rather soon to begin. The fault had been the bride's, no doubt. "Mrs. Brandon has gone upstairs," she answered, "she won't be a minute. Sho's probably gone to take off her veil; most brides do that when they come home. The church was crammed, of course ? " John Brandon smiled; he looked more himself tgain. "I never noticed," he said. "I suppose it was—l saw no one but Celia." Ile moved away as h.s spoke, and other carriages drove up. Lady Caroline came in the first; he could do her own receiving now. Paul Clifford and Olive Brandon came in another carriage. It was a pity, Mrs. Cole thought, that some of the happiness on their faces could not be given to the bridegroom and bride. Then Vernon Salisbury came up the steps, laughing, with a pretty girl who seemed quite contented with her companion. - Mrs. Cole's eyes darkened with rage, but she went forward with a smile. "I've had orders from Mr. Brandon to .take

you under my care," she said, looking up at the handsome eyes—it was not true, but the story wasn't likely to be found out—"you're about the greatest stranger here, I think. Let me the` introduce you to your hostess." bhe bore him off, willy-nilly. He was neither wishful nor loth to go; if ho could not be with Olive Brandon, he did not care much whom he was with. To hini this woman was quite as attrac- tive as the young girl had been. His heart had been taken possession of, quite against his will, ')y the first girl he had seen after coming out of ,i6on ; the rest affected him not at all. Naturally was a pleasure to look at them, just as it as a pleasure to look at men in ordinary dress -to see no warder's uniform, no broad arrows mut • but it ended there. "Lady Caroline is old-fashioned," Mrs. Cole id, as she led Vernon Salisbury to the room here the presents were displayed. "We are to ~ve a sit-down breakfast, not simply refresh- handed round. Personally I prefer it. 3 r how you arrange these things in ustralia ?" He was thinking of Olive Brandon, lookins ' for her, wondering whether she had dig- .rared into the garden with the cub with when had seen her that morning. He was givirq. ) thought to the woman at his side. "Australia ?" he repeated. She looked surprised. "Why, yes, of course, -trains," she said; "that's where you've jual , from, isn't it ?" Most men would have started ; Vornoz lisbury had too much nerve for that. fie um had made a mistake.

was

about

I

where hav

ments

wonder

about

appeared

Austral

come

Sa

•

===== 0002601_19061229_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iIIECEI

===== 0002601_19061229_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEE=

===== 0002601_19061229_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19061229_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
HEARTY AT EIGHTY.

lbw Bile B.aans 'Buislied al Old Man's Body Pains and Sleeplessness.

Although iu his eightieth year, Mr.o wen Mul-lowney, furniture remover, of 15; Church-road, Seacombe. Cheshire, is in the enjoyment of all his faculities and is perfectly happy in what he will not consent to look upon as his declining days. This excellent state of health he attributes to Bile Beans. Interviewed by a local ne.vspaper reporter Nlr. Nlaldowney said : Up to twelve inontha ago I hal never been ill. Then I had pains in the bo_ly,,and I could neither eat nor drink. The very sight of food upset me, and I felt very miserable. I conld do no more than just dose a bit at- nights. I used to wake up out of these snatches of sleep and shout out at the top of my voice. Then I saw funny visions, and I fancied I was in for/%r very bad illness. I was attended by a doctor, but got no better. Then I read about a similar case to mine being cured by Bile Beans; and lat once gave them a trial. I regained my appetite, and was soon able to 'sleep peacefully as. before, and get up in the morning ready for my work. Now I am in grand health, and I have no hesitation in. saying that it is due to Bile Beaus alone."

a Her eyes blazed into his; then suddenly hew steength failed ; her arms bent, dropped to her side; she fell upon his breast, and burst into tears. "Are you sure—sure, it is a hoax ? " she said. "Sure that he is dead ? I don't want him dead. I love him. But I must know—l must ! " . He drew her head even closer; he stooped and kissed her trembling lips. "I am perfectly sure," he returned. "Tie ' reasonable, dearest. Arc you not sure yourself And be just—just to me. I loved you always, but I atood aside while be lived; when he died I I had a right to strive for my happiness. a The Christmes Pantomime.—The Christmas panto` She did not draw away, but he felt her mime appears to have recovered suits former popularity shiver, and of recent years those has been a great improvement "To build it on a dead larolker's gravel I in the class of entertainment for which S don't know—l don't itnow—l think I should have Blue Beard, Cinderella, inbad the Sailor, or Jack th Giant Killer, provides the story. The principal proved inyeelf a more delicate woman had I taken Londone pantomime is called " Sinbad the Sailor," for any man but you. He would have minded any I; which "the book "has been written by Mr. Hickory man less than you. What a beginning for our Wood, who is also responsible for many of the provincial married life! " pantomimes. It matters little, however, what the She spoke more calmly, more kindly now. The pantomime is called. The chief object is to catch the worst part of the ordeal through which Jack had humour of the moment, and if the author and comedian • '4 Certainly never expected to have to pass was ; make funny hits about votes for women, domestic oYer.•, service insurance, illegal Christmas gifts, flying machines, the motor car peril, .tc., it will be voted a great success. It is a jumble of the years' events, crazes, songs, and slang, and if it is not very instructive It is at least more amustog than many of the annual reviews, which many of us are only too glad to get rid of the old year to stop to read. A Talented Amateur Actress —lt does not appear to be generally known, that Mrs. William James of West Dean Park, who by the way has won—and lately added to—considerable fame in amateur theatricals, is a daughter of one of the lovely Moncrieffe sisters, whose beauty made such a sensation in London in the sixties. One, it will be remembered, became Duchess of Athole, another Countess of Dudley, yet another Lady Forbes of Newo, Mrs. James's mother, while another was the unfortunate Lady Mordaunt, West Dean Park, Chichester, is a Jacobean house, possessing a wonderful oak pannelled hall. It is a famous piece for week end • gatherings during the summer and of large shooting parties at this season of the year. His Majesty the King bas,upon several occasion honoured Mr.and James with a visit to West Dean Park. The Custom of Giving Presents.—Christmas never passes without ourhearing something about the nuisance of presents. We receive gifts from our friends that we do not much want, and have to spend money to returra presents, which may be of little use to them. Much may be done by the exercise of a little care and fore- thought to obviate such disadvantages, but from a utilitarian point of view' there is some truth in the old saying that presents are the dearest things one can buy. They are all very well for children, or when given by those with a super-abundance, to those less endowed with this worlds goods, but in ordinary circumstances, there is, no doubt, a good deal of money wasted by the custom of giying presents. In France this custom is, if anything, more univeraal than in this country, but the French make the New Year, and not Christmas, the occasion for distributing their gifts to one another. Winter Sleep.—Not until January is well advanced do we begin to notice any perceptible change in the earlier coming of day dawn, but we are told upon . medical authority that the long winter nights have their compensations, in that they are conducive to '. sound sleep. In the summer time the sun's rays stimu- late both mental and bodily energies, before we can secure a full night's rest, although one would think that much depends upon how effectually we darken our bedroom. It is certain that the sleep of some people is much more easily disturbed by day-light than is the case with others, and although we may have the benefit of a long night's rest, most of us are more reluctant to leave our beds in dark winter mornings than in tho summer time. Few like the cold and cheerless morn- ings,and we shall all be glad enouglawhen the lengthen- ing days once more bring the promise of spring. 'raking Cold.—Tt is suggested.that if we made up our minds not to take coldave should escape such inflictions which .re so prevalent at this time of year. Dr. Road, in referring to this subject says " we should try what a vigorous action of will power will do, for a strong resolve not to take cold, lam persuaded, can ward off much harm." There is more than a popular suspicion that doctors know really very little about colds, but this is en experiment which at least we can all try. Whether we are to tea all the time, or only at the first symptoms of a cold, does not appear, but an any case a strong 'eterinination that we have not a cold, even if we have really got one, will help us over the trouble, if it does not induce us to take undue risks. In any ordinary circumstances, it is half the battle to make as little as possible of small ailments, and that is probably the point Dr. Read has chiefly in view. Jewels and Gowns.—Women who possess beautiful jewels, show a disposition to dress up to them. For, example, owners of emeralds select shades of green, those who possess an array of rubies choose red hues, while the women who have many turquoise ornaments are dressing in blue. The case is the same in the matter of semi-precious stones, and with amethysts in such high favour, mauve is very popular. There is much to be said in praise of this notion,and the woman who was heard to remark that the most successful toilette she ever possessed was built up to a row of blue beads, is doubtless only one of many who have had a similar happy experience. Evening footwear.—Silver and gold shoes are leading with festive evening attire, but there are rumours to the effect that ere the winter is past, the white steers- ing and black leather shoes, beloved by our ances- tresses, will be seen again. Indeed one smart dresser, very well known in Society, has been observed, on several•occasions. to be wearing the old world white stockings, and black shoes finished with bright red rosettes. Artificial Flowers.—When " corsage knots," or floral ornaments for the hair, are in requisition, artificial blooms and foliage are nowadays invariably preferred, and to such perfection has the art of flower-making • arrived, that detection is almost impossible, %Of course the best flowers are very expensive, but with reasonable care they can be made to last a long time. The fashion- able women provides herself with a goodly selection of sprays and " knots " which, by the way are all cor- rectly scented, and then rings the changes as the seasons .""-• come round or Dame Fashion dictates. Spanish Lace Fashionable.—There is quite a craze for the black Spanish lsce robe, which to be a - success must be mounted on black chiffon, or crepe de , chene, and worn over a soft black glace slip. Many aS modistes are ornamenting the hem of the skirt with glittering black bugles, or pailettes, and undoubtedly the notion makes -for smartness. Moreover it affords weight, and therefore insures the robe falling grace- .! fully. At the Jannery sties many bargains in lace tobea promise to be offered, and those among us who ,can afford such a luxury should not fail to secure it. Rabbits and Ptomaine Poisoning.—A curious theory of ptomaine poisoning was suggested the other day at an inquest on a woman who had died from this cause after eating boiled rabbit. The doctor said that be had known such cases before, and that the danger lay in the rabbit having been chased and eaten shortly after it was killed. The terror and exhausion of the anirnal,he suggested, engendered the poison, but if this is so, one Would suppose that the same results would be pro- duced in the hare, which is commonly eaten after being killed at caursing contests. It is not altlgetiser satis- factory that so little appears to be be known about the origin of ptomaine poison and cases of it have occurred in persons who had partaken of what, so far as investigation could show, was perfectly sound and healthy mast.

(To be continued.)

MAD GE.

• ,

• , . - 44 :0- :49^ 9,

===== 0002601_19061229_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD BURNING FATALITY.

Warrington Stationmaster's

Bereavement.

The Christmas season was locally marked by an exceptionally sad burning fatality. On Sunday night Mrs: Ellen Gordon, 25, Thynne-street, wife of Mr. John Gordon, night stationmaster at Bank Quay, was in her kitchen with a lighted taper in her hand when she fainted anal fell to the floor. Her clothing became ignited and ahe was severely burned before her daughter, who was alarmed by her screams, procured assistance. Mr. S. Brighouse conducted the inquest on Monday at the Police Station. John Gordon said that on Sunday night he was on duty at Bank Quay Station when he heard that his wife had been burnt. He at once went home and found Dr. Fox had been called in, and had ordered her removal to the Infirmary, to which place he (witness) conveyed her. Previous to the removal he asked his wife how the aczident happened, and she replied, " I was going from one kitchen to another with a lighted taper in my band, when I had one of my ' fainty bouts ' and fell, and I remember no more." His wife had been for some time subject to attacks of faintness. He afterwards asked his daughter Martha, aged 18, how the accident happened, and her reply was: "1 was in bed when I beard mother scream. I came downstairs and found her with her clothing on fire. I rushed out aud saw a pcaktman, whom I brought in, and be put out the flames.' The Coroner said he understood the deceased lady had, prior to the accident, been getting ready for the Christmas festivities.

The jury verdict of" Accidental death." The Foreman, Mr. F. J.Whittle, said the jury wished t? express, through the Coroner, their sympathy with Mr. Gordon in the sad loss he had sustained. They did so not only as jurymen, but as townspeople who had to come into contact with Mr. Gordon officially all the year round. He was sure the inhabitants of the borough generally would also sympathize with him.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CANINE SOCIETY. . --- Successful Christmas Show.

A successful on show in connection with the Warrington District Canine Society, was held in the Drill Hall on Wednesday. A record was established in the number of entries, there being a total of over 400. Notwithstanding the wintry weather & large attendance of spectators put in an appearance. The best class was that for terriers, several fine dogs being entered. The Airedales were giso prominent and well filled. The following is the prize-list in the order of merit : Retrievers.--Flat-coated Dog or Bitch : G. E. Robinson, Rostherne ; M. White, Warrington ; J. J. Friar, Windle, St. Helens. Flat-coated Dog or Bitch, Novice : G. Robinson :M. White, Speke, Liverpool ; F. W. White. Collies.—Dog : Mrs. F. Wildgoose, linutsford ; Dr. Johnstone, Fleetwood ; J. Heyton, Latcaster. Bitch : Miss Parker, Everton ; Dr. Johnatone ; Mrs. F. Wild- goose. Dog or Bitch,Novice : Miss Parker, Mrs.F.Wild7 goose ; Ur. Prescott, Widnes. Airedales.—Dog or Bitch : Messrs. Grimshaw and Horrocks, Bury ; C. P. Walker, Wolstanton ; W. Bunting, Hollins Green, Warrington. Dog or Bitch, Novice : C. P. Walker ;W. Bunting ;J. Leslie, War- rington. Dog_ or Bitch Puppy : C. P. Walker; IV. Bunting; W. H. Ducie, Uttoxeter. Bulldogs.—Dog or Bitch : F. T. Jackson, Halliwell, Bolton ; -J. Smith, Sefton Park; W. Leslie. Warrington. Dog or Bitch, Novice : F. T. Jackson ; F. 0. Smith, Lymm ; J. Smith, Sefton Park. Irish Terriers.—Dig or Bitch : C.D. Mucklow, Helm. shone ; F. G. Fairhurst, Whitby ; G. R. Marriott, Whalley Range. Dog or Bitch, Novice: F. G. Fairhurst; A. C. Leech, Liverpool ; A. Wright, Thel wall. Fox Terriers (Wire).—Dog : J. H. and P. H, Wright, Manchester ; S. Gratrix' Whalley Range : C. D. Muck- low. Bitch : Mrs. S. Gratrix ; C. D. Mucklow ; G. R. afarriot. Dog, Novice ; Messrs. J. H. rind P. H. Wright ; S. Glatrix ; U. H. Milling, Warrington. Bitch, Novice : Mrs. S. Gratix ; H. Milling ; G. R. Marriott. Dog or Bitch, Puppy Mrs. S. Gratrix ; S. W. Evans, Manchester •, W. Roberts, Llandudno. Fox Terriers (Smooth).—Dog : S. Gratrix; Messrs Dickenson and Hartley, Colne ; R. Warrior, Liverpool Bitch : V. Kay, Manchester ; R. Warrior ; Mrs. J Wells, Lancaster. Dog, Novice : Dickenson and Hart- . ono, v.emonnis Julh Mall to 115ot, - ley ; K. Warrior ; J. Salisbury, Wallasey. Bitch the letter. Novice : R. Warrior ; Mrs. J. Wells • C. D. Mucklow. Her face flushed, her eyes, a moment before Dog or Bitch, Puppy : Dickenson and Hartley ; Mrs. haggard, afraid, brightened, her lips quivered;l V. Kay ; R. Warrior. Spiniels.—Field Dog or Bitch : J. Beswick, Lymm ; she bent low over the letter. 'M. Birtycistle, Northwich ;J. Beswick. Cocker Dog or John would have given much for the pluck to Bitch : H. W. Booth, Warburton ; B. Fisher, Lances- have snatched it from her; to have torn it into ter ; 11. W. Booth. twenty pieces. It was, indeed, Dick's writing.; Scotch Terriers.—Doe” or Bitch : Mrs. S. Gratrix ; dead though he was he had managed to poison Mrs. A. Birtivietle-; W. F'. Boddington, Stoke-on-Trent. his brother's happiness ! I Schepperkea.—Dog : T. Marsh, St. Helens ; Mrs. She drew her breath quickly; then she lifted Kenyon, Hazel Grove Mrs. K. Flinter, Mold. Bitch : the letter to her lips. She had forgotten the C. Lockyer, Heatley ; Mrs. S. Gratrix ;J. J. Moore, husband at her aide; the lover, Manchester. Dog or Bitch, Novice : T. Marsh ; Mrs. . I beloved, was S. Gratrix ; J. J. Moore. alive—had written to her ! Any Variety.—Toy Dog or Bitch : Mrs. Beard, "Oh, lam glad—glad " she said. "It is not Ashton-under-Lyne ; Mrs. F. Brown, Haslingden ; Mr. terrible—it's glorious—glorious! You are alive E. Quin, Oldbam. Dog over 25Ibs. in weight : J. —alive—and coming to me! There must be some Beswick • W. A. Leslie ; F. T. Jackson. Bitch over way out of this entanglement; there must— 25Ibs. : Beewick ;C. P. Walker G• E. Robinson. there hall be ! I only .want you! I never have Dog under 25Ibs. : S. Gratrix ; Mrs. Beard ; Fred wanted any but you, dearest—dearest! " Mown. Bitch under 2albs. : MTS. S. Gratrix ;F. G. John caught her hand almost roughly, Fairhurst. "Remember,you are my wife !" he said, harshly. Selling Class.—Any variety : W.Bunting ;F. Brown; "Read your letter if you will—some hoax, of F. yvildgoose. nourse—but remember that--" Litter Class.—Messrs. Grimshaw and Horrocks ; A.G. Ilibblett : W. Bunting. She scarcely seemed to notice him ; she opened the envelope, and took out the letter. MEMBERS' CLASSES. "Darling," it ran, "I have come back. I have Retriever, Setter, or Pointer.—F. W. White : T. only just diecovered that you think lam dead, Rigby, Halton : W. Furness, Sankey. How could you? Do you think it-possible th il'iollie or Old English Sheep Dog.—e D werrylionse, pe •is tketh (1 and 2) ; J. Pemberton, Latchford. man who loved you could die before lie called Airedales.--Dog : W. A. Leslie ; Mrs. 0. Einmess ; you wife? Dearest, this is to prepare you. J. Leslie. • Bitch : W. Bunting; J. Leslie. To-morrow I shall be with you, and then as soon Irish or Welsh Terrier.—F. G. Fairhurst (1 and 2) : as possible we will set the bells a-ringing. Sweet- A. Birtwistle. hearrt, I don't ask have you been faithful—l Fox Terriers.—Dog, Rough or Smooth : H. Milling; know that you have. —Yours always, _DICK." J. Jones ;W. Bunting. Bitch, Rough or Smooth : • H. ; She looked from the letter. " To-morrow I Milling ; T. E. Baskerville ; P. N. Avery. Puppy, will come to you,' " she repeated. "He did not Rough or Smooth, Dog or Bitch: T, E. Baskerville ; come! Jack—jack! 'Where is he ? " W. bunting ; E. Burrows. John caught the letter now, crushed it h. his Spaniel (any Variety,)—J. Beswick (1 and 3) ; If. W. Booth. sand, thr m ew.it from the open window. Sehepperke.—C. Leckver (1 and 2) H. IV. Booth. , "Where he has been for a long time," he said Bulldogs.— Dog : Colonel Edelsten, Bitch : F. O. ' —'is his grave. I tell you it's a hoaite-a. cruel Smith ;E. Caldwell ;W. Leslie. hoax! Do you suppose, had Dick returned, he Bull Terrier. White Ehglish or Black and Tan : J. would not have come to his home? You are L. Leadhetter ; John Lea.

making yourself miserable, you are driving me-I;:i.g, Porn-e-ranian,or Yorkshire.—Miss G. Rylands (1 i mad, for nothing. The man s dead—dead, and and 2) ;J. Andrews. you are mine—my wife! " Any Other Variety Terrier.—Mrs. A. Birtwistle ; Dr. , He tried to put his arm around her. She Armitage. Markel ;J. .. Any Variety.—Dog over 241bs. : J. Beswick • W. J. pushed him away, her eyes blazed, her face was Leslie• F W. White. Bitch over 25lbs. : J. Beswick ; ; white as paper. - F. O. Smith ; E. Caldwell. Dog under 251bs. : H. "How dare you!" she said. "How dare you Milling ;W. Bunting ; .1,-,lones. Bitch under 251hs. : throw away my letter—the dear letter! It was C. Loekyer ; P. N. Avery H. W. Booth. Puppy, Dog no hoax! Do you. think I do not know his or Bitch (except Fox Terriers) : F. G. Fairhurst ; writing—his way of putting things ? He has Colonel Edelsten : C. Lockyer. Puppy, Dog or Bitch; come back. Oh, thank Heaven—thank Heaven! Bred by Exhibitor :W. Bunting ; Colonel Edelsten ;J. Stop the train, let me get out, take me to him ! 'Leslie. Novice Dog : F. G. Fairhurst ; W. Bunting ; If yon have a spark of kindness, take me to C. Lockyer. Novice Bitch, J. Beswicl ; lt. 0. Smith.; • him ! I dent want to be your wife—l neNer F. O. Fairhurst ; Maiden Dog, W. Bunting ; J.Beswick, ' „ wanted anyone but him! Never—never! 1 H. W. Booth. Bitch ; H. W. Booth ; E. me back !", . . . . . . . ai''' , Caldwell ;H. Milling. . I

;

04, . • _

smbotilect oi '

===== 0002601_19061229_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRINGTON WOMAN AGAIN.

A thin.fmay occur once, and we not notice it ; or twice, or thrice ; but when it happens again and again then we cannot overlook it any longer. It is good fortune for us to hear such encouraging news. Mrs. I. Morgan, 25, Both-street, Liverpool-road; Warrington,says :—" I think it only right that I should be willing for the facts of my cure by Donn 's backache kidney pills to be published. I was very bad with kidney complaint, and had dreadful pains round my loins. At some times they were gnawing pains, and at other times sharp, they carno on quite suddenly, and I felt like falling. My heed ached, I was giddy, my sight was dint, with little specks floating before my eyes There were other signs, too, that my kidneys were at fault. I suffered terribly from palpitation of the heart and got into a low state. " I had doctor's medicine, hut I found nothing to do me good except Donn 's backache kidney pills. These. have made me so thoroughly well that I have no need to take them for some time now. I should be only too pleased to let us others know how reliable a medicine Doan's pills are for tho kidneys. (Signed) Inez Morgan." Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are two shillings ivad ninepence per hoz (six boxes for thirteen shillings and ninepenci). Of all cbeinists and stores, or post free. direct from Foster-McClellan Co., B,Wells-steet, Oxford street,. London, W. Yen are sure to get the right. medicine if you ask distinctly for Doan's.

.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
SEMI

„ae. was iurious, nystenea,, anu ne ff6f, flown ealruer. ho sprang up, 'looked wildly round for the communication • cord—would have pulled it had he not stopped her, not caught her in a grip of iron, cruel in itr intensity. . "Listen to me,” he said. "I swear it is a hoax—you must be mad to think it anything else. Had he returned home he would have come straight to you, or to me. He would have heard of the coming marriage; he would not have waited, silent, through twelve hours. You are bound to me—my wife! Rather than lose you,. I would open that dbur—l would clasp you in my arms, and hurl us both into eternity ! I love you—love you—love you! Heart and holy and soul I love you! I would wade through blood • and crime to keep, you; I would kill you before I would give you up. And so forget this cruel hoax. Ten minutes ago you were fik:o t content, little wife—try to be almost coeteet again."

===== 0002601_19061229_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
I

SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS,

:VELOCITY IN GUNNERY.

QC eery interesting problem in gunntay been raised by Brigadier-General Crozier, Chief of Ordnance in the United States Army, in his annual report. He holds that the 12-inch gun now in use in most of the coast fortifications of the United States would not last through as engagement of two hours—the time that would elapse from the time the leading vessel of • fleet would come within the range until the last vessel would pass beyond the range of the guns. General Crozier thinks it is of the utmost irn• portance that some method be devised by which the necessary gun power can be obtained with less expense that that involved in using the very high velocities of projectiles now employed, with the accompanying rapid wearing away of tips rifling in such a manner as to destroy the accuracy of the gun after a few rounds.

~ -A- -.lz .4, 4.; .C. ,11', 1.. 1 1 ; ... , 1 , 40 , , , 1 . 1 , , _ ; , , , i .., , 1

===== 0002601_19061229_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
VESUVIUS DUST IN PARIS.

On April sth, 1906, a somewhat remarkable Mg occurred in Paris. It was a dry, yellowish fog, and was sufficiently dense to interfere with navigation on the Seine. To investigate the nature of this fog M. Stanislsus Meunier, the well- known Parisian meteorologist* exposed plates covered with glycerine on the roof. The dust thus collected was treated with thoulet, liquid for separating minerals, a solution of potassium- mercuric iodide of specific gravity rather greater than 3. The heavier particles of the dust which sank in this liquid were found to consist

of a fine sand; and on comparing this with a sample of Veeuvian ash which fell in 1822 M. Meunier found them identical, except that the Paris duet contained a number of perfectly spherical globules of oxide of iron which were wanting in the other. Thus it appeara that tla• fog in Paris was caused by the dust of a recent eruption of Vesuvius floating in the air.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
EARTH IS STILL YOUNG.

It has been stated by such authorities as Eel- yin, Newcomb, and Ball that the future of the sun's activity will be comparatively short—not more than 10,000.000 years—and some have even suggested that the sun's activity already shews signs of waning. So far is this from being the ease, says a writer in the 4117 antic Monthly, that only one-fourth of our supply of energy has been expended, and three-fourths are yet ist store for tho future life of the planetary system. This opens up to our contemplation a decidedly re- freshing view of the future, and will give re- newed hope to all who believe that the end of mundane progress is not yet in sight. Not only should the future possibilities of scientific pro- gress be vastly extended, but there will in all probability be the most ample time for the fur- ther development of the races of beings inhabit- ing this planet. According to this view, the evolution of our earth is still in its infancy, with the zenith of its splendour far in the future.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
X-RAYS AS HAIR DARKENERS.

Not the least curious of the effects produced by the X-rays are those noticed by Dna. Imbert and Marques. The former is a professor in the medical faculty at Montpellier, and the latter is his assistant, and while these gentlemen were experimenting with the X-rays it was observed that the hair and beard of one of them, which bad been almost white, were restored to their natural colour. They were, in fact, observed to have become even darker than they were origin- ally. Again, in the case of a man whom these same experimenters werd treating with the X- rays for lupus, the hair first became grey and then turned dark again. And it is found to have remained dark, although it has not been treated with the rays for some months, and has been fre- quently cut. Other observations of the 8111320 experimenters confirm the fact that the X-raye turn light hair dark. It now remains to be see* whether the effect is permanent, and whether the treatment can be applied without risk.

COUNTING THE STARS. Stars visible to the unaided eye are numberei •by thousands, those to be seen through tele- scopes are estimated in millions, and it has been usually supposed that 100,000,000 is the number of all the stars visible through the great tele- scopes. According to a calculation made by Mr. Ellard Gore and published in the ONerratory, this is, however, probably an over-estimate. Tie obtain his results, Mr. Gore counted the num- bers of the stars in a number of the photographs made by the late Dr. Roberts of stellar regions, - distinguishing them as photographs made in the neighbourhood of the Milky Way and-. those made in regions that lie without it. Combining these results with Professor Pickering's estimate of the relative areas of Milky Way stars and of other star spaces, he obtains the --rand total for all the stars of 64,184,757. This is possibly an under-estimate, because some of the fainter stars might not appear in these photographs, compre- hensive as they are.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
CAUSES OF HAY FEVER.

What. is the cause of that somewhat mysterious disease 'known as hay fever? Some interesting facts concerning it have been given in MMus- tration. During the summer the air is often charged with the pollen of wind-fertilised plants. and it is the inhaling of this pollen which is said to produce the symptoms of hay fever. The pol- len of. different species of plants is said to pos- sess different degrees of activity, and that of some is innocuous. The fact that so many dis- eases have been traced to a bacterial origin will suggest to some that bacteria are conveyed along with the pollen. and may be the real cause of 'hay fever. But Dunbar claims to have proved that the pollen itself, and not bacteria, is the cause. Some 114 plants are known to have the toxic principle in their pollen. Among these are mheat, rye, and a number of grasses. This lat- ter fact is some justification for the term hay fever. The mischief is said to be caused by a granular arnylaceous material in the pollen. From the poisonous principles of a number of pollens antitca;os have been nrenareil and

===== 0002601_19061229_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
y .'•

TT!? Lifo cm, tit nmy .crcr. lit Z 2.4 Cases -t MIS treated, 57 per cent. were cured, improvement took place in 32 per cent., while 11 per cent. were failures.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT FRENCH CHEMIST.

M. Henri MOissan (of Paris) the . winner of the £7,500 Nobel prize for chemistry in 1906, is well known as the producer of synthetic dia. monds and rubies by means of the electrio furnace. His earliest work of importance was the isolation of the elsment fluorine. The pro- Ituction of this gas had defied cl4mists for the previous eighty years, the rea n being that fluorine is of such a remarkably energetic nature that it attacks and combines with glass and all metals of which chemical vessels are usually made. Moissan isolated fluorine by working with a vessel made of an alloy of platinum and trklium. The invention of the electric furnace was his most important work. By the device of confin i - ing an electric arc-flame inside a narrow vessel formed of 'lime and carbon he was able to pro- Noe a temperature ,of 3,500 deg. to 4,ooodeg: Centigrade. The temperature of ' the limelight flame, previously the hottest known, is only f,ooodeg. At these high temperatures he has been able to prepare a whole world of chemical substances which are of great scientific interest. Incidentally he has commercialised the produc- tion of acetylene gas—calcium carbide is made in the electric furnace—and manufactured artificial diamonds.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
COLOURS AND TIIE SENSES.

The relation of colour to sensation is discussed by a German scientist, Herr Gieseler, in a Leipsic publication. That light has a decided effect on the sense organs is well known in a general way, as is the effect of colours to a lees extent, but Herr Giessler examines the experiments in detail. These showed that the sense of hearing was dis- turbed by red, yellow, green, and blue, not only the subjective sensations being affected but also the location of the source of the sound. ' The sense of equilibrium is affected by colours, al- though the most remarkable effects are produced lat the sense of taste, where in the majority of oases we find an increase or a decrease of the sensation power. Sometimes the taste of some- thing sweet is changed, upon seeing certain colours to salty or bitter. In many cases ft was found that the colours which produce the most intense effects in the various individual were stated by the subjects to be their favourite cc:fours. In the case of temperature, blue and violet cause a decrease, red and green an in- crease in the sensation of cold; covering the eyes causes a weakening of the sense of hearing, while strong light instantly increases the acute- ness of the ear. Red, yellow, and green raise the pitch of a deep tone, while violet causes a high tone to deepen, and even the sense of taste may be affected by the amount or light present without regard to colour.

Herr Giessler says that another experimenter, Giesbach, found that the sense of touch in per. ions born blind was below normal instead of be- ing above, as is commonly supposed. It is alio found that the other senses suffer from the lack of the sense of sight. For example, smokers are frequently unable in the dark by means at trio sense or amen to tell wnetner or not a cigar is lit, while in darkness the sharpest sense ot taste is not able to distinguish between Atli* which have really different tastes.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
ECZEMA AFTER CHAPPED HANDS. Don't Neglect Skin Trouble—Use Zam-Buk !

-- The danger of neglecting simple affections of the skin (as well as the efficiency of Zatn-Buk)is illustrated by the experience of Miss Wheeler, 4, Selborne Villas, Manningham, Bradford, who writes :—" About two years ago I suffered with severely chapped hands, and later on eczema seemed to develop. Large cracks appeared in my palms,and for more than twelve months these never healed up. 1 tried many preparations unsuccessfully, but at last heard of Zam-Buk, and although my bands were worse than ever when I stated using it, they soon got a turn for the better. I per- severed with Zam-Buk, and my hands were soon quite well." A box of Zam-Buk should be on every dressing-table, heady for use in cases of spots, chafings, shaving sores, chapped hands, sore faces, crooked lips, chilblains, chill and sore throat, pains, euts, bruises, burns, scalds, festerings, Fec. Zam-Buk is also curative ot pimples, boils, eczema, psoriasis, ulcers, barber's rash, had legs, diseased ankles, sore backs, chronic sores, poisoned wounds, rashes, eruptions, piles, ecc. Of all chemists, or post free from the Zam-Buk Co., 4, Red Cross-st., London, E.C., for 10.11 d,, or 2s. 9d, per box. The 28.9 d, SIZE IS MOST ECONOMICAL FOR FAMILY USE, as it CONTAINS NEARLY .z'OUR TIMES AS MUCH as the Is. lid. box.

An unknown man should have appeared before the Larnbeth Court on Wednesday to answer the charge of ,being drunk and incapable at Rye-lane, Peckham, on Christmas Eve.—Assistant-Gaoler Neal informed the magistrate, however, that after his arrest the man was removed to the Camberwell Infirmary, where he died on Christmas afternoon. The charge sheet was marked " Reported dead."

Orders have been given for special efforts to be made in the Kent end Sussex Regimental Districts to enlist tailors for the fitla Lancers, now stationed in the Transvaal. A reinforcement for the regiment, from the 21st. Lancers, is to embark in the Braemar Castle about the 10th of January.

In a burglary at Dover on Christmas night jewellery value £23 was stolen. Detective Husk found a Royal Artilleryman's stick in the porch, and a visit to Dover Castle resulted in two gunners being arrested. The stolen goods were found on them and in their room. The magistrates on Wednesday cbmmitted them to Quarter Sessions.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Fels-144qaptha

the Tvioney-back Soap

Please try Fels-Naptha soap next wash-clay.

It's a good ever invented and scrubbing

soap—the best soap for washing clothes

floors.

It's too good a soap to need any Combine or Trust—it . doesn't belong to any. zxd. a bar everywhere.

-- Money back

if you don't like it.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
, FELS-NAYTHA 39 V;rdson street London EC

1

I

===== 0002601_19061229_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday; December 29, 1906.

their Majesties were present at the Olympic games, the King and Queen proceeded to Naples, and driving to Mount Vesavius in- spected the scene of the damage caused by tke recent eruption. His Majesty then re- turned to London after a nine weeks' ab- sence, while ...the Queen went for a trip in the Mediterranean. . _ .

..... . Meanwhile the Prince and Princess of Wales proceeded home and arrived in London early in May, receiving a hearty welcome on their return, and on the following Sunday a thanksgiving service was held at Westminster Abbey, while later their Royal Highnesses re- ceived an address of welcome from the City Corporation at the Guildhall. Queen Alex- andra returned later in the month, and a farewell dinner party was given hi honour of Princess Rua by their Majesties, who bade Lac Livid Mailmen farewell sok Victoria the toilowutg nlOl7l,lllE Tht Prince and Princess .0± Wales I:2ft later for the wedding of King Alfonso and rrtneoss Jna, srhichi was aolanullsed a itti grQat pomp and ceremony at the church of San. Gcronimo, in Madrid, on May 3i. As the procession was returning from • the church, a bomb, concealed in a .bouquet of flowers, was thrown at the Royal carrinve from a balcony, and though the Kieg and Queen escaped by what seemed a mirnele, many persons were killed and in- jured. Two days after, the perpetrator of the outrage was arrested, but he afterwards shot his captor, and then committed suicide. The Prince • and Princees. returned from Madrid, to leave shortly after for the coronation of King Hattkon and Queen Maud of Norway, e Inch took place with all due ceremony in the cathedral at Trondhjem. The King and Queen. performed a number of functions in the country, until his Majesty departed for Marienbad, meet ine the Kaiser at Cronberg. Meanwhile K nig Alfonso and Queen Victoria Eugenie 'Paid a private visit to England, and Queen Alexandra, with Princess 'Victoria, went to visit the King and Queen of Norway, subse- quently proceeding to Denmark. His Majesty on returning paid visits in the country, and tins then joined at Balmoral by the Queen, subsequently returning to London. His Majesty celebrated his 65th birthday at Sand- ringham, and then went to Windsor to meet thc King and Queen of Norway and Prince Olaf, who as such paid their first visit to this country. King Ha akon was invested with the Garter, a Chapter of the .Order being held for the first time for fifty years, and there were -State banquets at the Castle, the King and Queen also receiving an official welcome from the Lord Mayor and Corpora- tion of London at the Guildhall. After a short stay at Buckingham Palace, the King and Queen and • King Haakon and Queen Maud proceeded to their homes in NOrfolk, where Queen Maud's birthday and also the 62nd anniversary of Queen Alexandra were kept. Important events which have happened in the social world are . .

buie and Duchess' of Con nought reached' Cape Town. 11. Prince Arthur left London for 'Japan. 23. Princess Alexander of Teck gave birth to a daugh- ter. 27. Princess Ena's first visit to Spain. PZERTJARV.-1. Serious - carriage accident to Lady Grey. 2. Queen Alexandra left for Denmark. 3. Lady Strathcona gives 10,000 guii;eas to the Queen's Find. 7. Members of L.C.C. received by President Loubet. 10. Laanch of the Dreadnought by the King. 14. Sir E. C. Burnand retired from "Punch." 16. LordS de Clifford raavies Miss Eva Car- rington, -a "Gibson Girl." 17. Miss Alice Roosevelt marries Mr. N. Longworth. 18. Funeral of King Christian. 20. Prince Arthiir invested the Mikado with the Garter. 27. The Queen returned to London. • MARC?.-7. Princess Ena joins the Roman Catholic Church. 16. Prince Arthur left Yokohama for Canada. 19. Prince and Princes 1; of Wales left India. Arnrt.-16. Duke and Duchess of Con- naught returned. 17. King of Spain's visit to Princess Eno,. 22. Princess Gustavus Adolphus gave birth to a son. 28. Cel,lbra- tima of Miss-Ellen Terry's jubilee. MAY.-8. Prince and Princess of Wales reached London. 20. Prince Arthur of Con- naught's return. 21. Princess Ent% left Lon- don for Spain. Banquet to Lord Milner. 20. King and Queen opened new Hearts. of Oak offices. 31. Marriage of King Alfonso and Princess Ena. JUNE.-12. The King and Prince of Wales it the dedication of the St. Michael and St. George Chapel in St.: Paul's. 13. Their Majesties opened Midhurst Sanatorium. 14. 'The King at the wedding of Lady Mary Hamilton and the Marquis of Graham. 22. Coronation cf King' Haakon and Queen Maud. 26. His Majesty presented new col- ours to the 3rd .Gienadier Guards. 28. The King visited the Royal Agricultural Show at Derby, and unveiled memorial of the Queen. 29. The King's birthday celebrations. JULY.-4. Crown Princess of Germany gave birth to a son. 10. The King opened new bridge over the Tyne. 11. Their Majes- ties opened Armstrong- College and new infir- mary at Newcastle. 18. The King expressed his regret that he was unable to visit :Ilanada. 21. Mr. A. Chamberlain married to Miss 'Duntlas. Captain Davies won the King's Prize at Risley. 23. Prince of Wales opened new Christ's Hospital Girls' School at Hertford. 24. The King. Queen, and Prince and Princess at marriage' of Lady Mary Acheson and 1.10n,_ Robert 'Ward. 26. His Majesty received members of the Inter- " Parliamentary Conference. 28. The King bade farewell to 3rd Scots Guards. Glad- stone memorial unveiled at Hawarden.

AUGUST. —l. King and Queen of Spain reached Cowes. 4. King and Queen attended Cowes Rtvatta. 7. Duke of Connaught in a motor collision. 13. Red Indian chiefs re- ceived by the King and Queen. 21. King and Queen of Spain left England. SSPTEMB2SR. —l7. Marriage of Lord Gerard and NUTS Gosselin. 20. Golden wedding of the Grand Duke and Duchess of Baden. 27. The 'King arid Quern opened ths Marisehal College new buildings at Aberdeen. 29. Lady Derby thrown from her motor. Sir William Treloar elected Lord -111!4or. OCTOBER.-9. The Kiiitt received ue'w Am- bassadors. 13. Lord Mayor and Sheriffs in Paris. 18. Resignation' of, Lord Justice Bonier. 20. Salisbury statue unveiled at Hat- held. 31. The King accepts colours of 3rd Scots Guards.

Novuxnax.--5. New Grammar School at Lynn opened by the King; the Queen un- veiled a statue of his Majosty. 6. Duke of Connenbght ogened new University College Hospital. 8., • Sir M. Durand% retirement announced. 9. King Edward's 65th birth- day. 21. M. /1-;.1-four made a- freeman of the City. 26. Duke of Fife prcsented Duff House to Banff and Macdnff. 80. Prince of Wales opened. new Cotton Exchange at Liver Pool.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
1 1:'•::IWIEW OF THE YEAR.

NOTABLE EVENTS IN 1906.

The year 1006 will be memorable, at home from• the political point of view for the re- markable wave of Liberalism which swept through the land, and 'after being in Opposi- tio.n for eleven years,. a Liberal Government was returned to power by a tremendous majority. Abroad the year has been remark- able for the large number of catastrophes cf appalling magnitude which have visited various parts of the world, among. these be- ing the terrible mining disaster m France, the eruption of Vesuvius, and the destruc- tion wrought by earthquake in both North and South America. _ _ . . .

In the social' world the most important event was the marriage of King Alfonso and Princess Ena of Battenberg, while our own King and Queen were as busy among the people as ever, His Majesty performing ninny public functions, though Queen Alexandra suffered a sad loss in the death of her. father, King Christian of Denmark. Happily tte year has passed without war between any of th.i great Powers, but Russia has suffered much from political dissensions, while in South Africa there was a good deal of fight- ing owing to trouble with a 'Natal • chief, Bambaata. •

PARLIAMENTARY AND POLITIC AL.

The General Election, which occurred early in January, resulted in the return of 430 Liberal and Labour candidates and 83 Nationalists, a total of 513, against 157 Unionists. This gave the Ministerial party a majority of 356, which is the largest sinbe the passing of the Reform Bill in 1832, when the Liberals were returned With a total of 370 above their opponents. One of the most remarkable features of the election was the success of the Labour Party, no fewer than 52 being elected out of 90 who went to the poll. Altogether .the Liberal_ and Labour parties gained 228 seats, while the Unionists succeeded in winning 16, of which eight had been captured from them at contests since the general election of 1900. The only member of the Government to be defeated' was Captain Freeman Thomas, who had been appointed a Junior Lord of the Treasury,. and who was beaten at HaStings by 413 votes. Several. vacancies have been caused by deaths and .resignations, but—the only seat captured by the Conservatives was Cocker- mouth, where Sir J. S. Bandies regained the seat which Sir Wilfrid Lawson had won at the General Election. Mr. Balfour, who was defeated at Manchester, found a seat in tile City of London (where the Hon. A. Gibbs re- tired), and beat Mr. Gibson Bowles, who lost his seat at King's Lynn and stood for the City as a Free Trader, by 11,340 votes. Later, on Sir Edward Clarke resigning his seat (owing to difference of opinion with his con- stituents on the (juestion of Tariff Reform), Sir Frederick Banbury was returned usuop- por.-ed, while at the. same time the Hon. Alfred Lyttelton, who was beaten at Leam- ington and Warwick, took his seat for St. George's, Hanover-square, vacated by tCol. the Hon 11. 'Legge. The principal measures brought. forward by the Government in the House of Commons were the Workmen's Com- pensation Bill, the Trade -Disputes Bill, and the Education Bill, a tremendous Conflict raging throughout the country over the latter.- Other Government measures were the Merchant shipping Bill, the Plural Vot- ing Bill, the Land Tenure Bill, and the Town Tenants (Ireland) Bill. A number of ladies connected with the "Women's Suffrage" movement obtained ad- miesion to the Ladies Gallery of the House, and ertated . a scene, boitting and waving a flag with • the inscription, "Votes for Women." They wene removed and for- bidden to enter the gallery again. On the opcning of the Autumn Session a demonstra- tion was made on the part of the Women Suffragists in the Outer Lobby of the House, and several arrests were made. The next eoy ten ladies were charged- with creating a disturbance, and refusing to find sureties for their good behaviour they were sent to prison for two months. Two of them- were soon re- -I,niscd on the grounds of ill-health, but the others rem:lli-Mu in • gaol until liberated by order of the Home- Secretary, they having been there for a month.. A number of peti- tions aga%st the return of members arose out of the. General Election. That against Mr. Fell at Yarmouth was, dismissed, a simi- lar fate befell the one at Maidstone against the 'return of Viscount Castlereagh, at _Wor- cester Mr. Willianmoil. the Unionist member, was unseated, and at Bodmin the Hon. T. C. Agar-Robartes, who won the seat for the Liberals, was also unseated, while at Atter- cliffe the judges decided, that the Unionist candidate had failed to substantiate his peti- tion.

Some of the more important events in the political world have been the following: JANUARY.—I. Aliens' Act came into force. 8. The King dissolved Parliament. 13. Mr. Balfour beaten at Manchester. 17. Unionists all returned at Birmingham. 25. Mr. Balfour accepts seat in the City. 27. Prime Minister commanded to Windsor.

FEBRUARY.-7. The King receives Mr. John Burns. 12. Mr. Keir Hardie chosen to lead Labour Patty. 13. Parliament opened. Mr. Lowther elected Speaker. 19. The King opened Parliament. 24. His Majesty enter- tained the Cabinet to dinner. 27. Mr. Bal- four elected for the City. MARCH.-7. Commons in favour of pay- ment of members. 14.- Commons debate on Chinese Slavery. 20. Merchant Shipping Bill introduced. 26. 'Workmen's Compensation Bill introduced. 28. Trade Disputes Bill in- troduced. , APRIL-9. Mr. Birrell introduced the Edu- cation 8i11... •10. Primate's letter of criticism.' 11. Commons adjourned for Easter. Bishops agree to oppose Education Bill. 24. House of Commons re-assembled. 26. Roman Catholic Bishops against the Education Bill. 30. Mr. Asquith's Budget statement. MAY.-2. Plural Voting Bill introduced. 10. Education Bill: Second reading carried by 206. 'll. Albert Hall demonstration against the Bill. 30. House adjourned 'until June 7. •

JUNE.-7. Sir Edward Clarke resigns. 13. Premier unveiN the ...llarcourt statue. 23. Manchester LiberaW- celebration.

JULY.-7. Mr. Chamberlain's 70th birth- day celebrated. 12. Mr. lialdane's Army proposals. 19. Grant of £200,000 announced for unemployed. :30. MMien to reject Edu- cation Bill defeated- by 152; bill read a third time. AUGUST.-1. Education Bill reaches the Lords. 3, Trade DilMtes. Bill; Government majority down to 5. 4. Parliament acljcurned for Recess. •

SxPrlcmimm----14. Mr. Haldane on Army, reform scheme. 19. Earl Carrington ex= plained Laud Tenure Bill. 25. Mr. Cham- berlain declines- autueln engsgments.

- - OCTOBER.-18. Lor.d Tweedmouth :makes statement on Ilavv. 22. Mr— BAtenr :dcnies "Devolution" letter. O. • Parliament re- assembled.

Novituitra.-2. Mr. .P.s:7;ttitli'ts' statement: on Education Bill. 7. Mr. KEir .Plardie's Votes' Women BiL 9. 'nude Disputes Bill; third reading. Mr. Halcla:.:e Eord Ripon at the Guildhall. lZ") Del:atcs on vice iii Chinese Compca:.ids. 20. Old Age Periskns— deputation to PreiDien 22. Mcrehaut Ship- pin ; third mailing: 23. Land Tenure Bill; third reading. 27. Education Bill: Premier denounces Lords. 28. Mr. Balfour's thallcage to Premier. 30. Town Tenants' (heland) Bill; third reading.

SOCIAL AND PERSONAL. I The early days Of the year found our King busy with the political changes—the death of her father called Queen •Alezandra from the country—but early in March his Majesty left London for Biarritz, on the way visiting the new French President, M. Fallieres, at the Elyse. His Majesty also -entertained the President to dinner at the Embassy, and gave a private luncheon, at which ex-Presi- dent Louhet and M. Delcasse were present. Arrived at Biarritz, his Majesty had inter- views with King Alfonso and the Princesses ws ...e •,._ announce.,.. of the betrothal of King Alfonso and Primp cess Ens was made. Ills Majesty, at the beginning of April, left Biarritz for , Mar- seilles, wkere he was joined by Queen Alex- andra, and their Majesties proceeded on the Royal yacht to Corfu, where they met the Prince and Princess of Wales on their way home, after the conclusion of their tour ut. liadia. After paying a visit to Athens, wherg

===== 0002601_19061229_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
OBITUARY.

- The list a the dietittgaished dead for this year is not a very large one, but it is notable for the nuMber of milgonairos who _ have passed away, and also for the fact that seve- ral inembors of the Government have been bereaved of tteir .helptheets, while the House of Lords and the House of Commons have both lost' members. Pol3w is a list of the mast noteworthy rlestlis:•— • . JANUARY.-3. Mr. lrycil E. Walker, who left £1,59`3,177. Lord Ritchie of Dun. dee, just raised to - tl-t2 peerage. 12. Sir Mountatuart E. Grant-Duff. 22. Mr. George 3. Hoiyoake, :founder •of Sc-cularism.; 26. Mr. Stanley Spencer, the aeronaut. 27. King Christian of Denmark.. • 30. Lord /Newlands, 'first Baron, left £1.504;278. FanavarkY.7-2. Eor:1 Masham, first Baron, aged 91. 4. Lady Grey, wife of Sir Edward Grey. 5. Dr. E. H. Perowne, of Corpus Col- lege, Cambridge._ D. • Mr. 3: Annelid, M.P. Countess Howe. 14. Right Hon. A. F. Jef- • freys,M.P. 24: Rev.tho Earl .of Besubcrough, mod ECA.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
MARCII.-14: Lady Sandhurst, wife tr,' Lord Sandhurst. 17. Johann Most, the famous Anarchist.

Arnm.-4. Lord Alwyne Co-into,... Bishop of Ely. 6. Sir Wyk dent of the R. S. B.A. 13. Dr. Richard nett, C.8.,-. of the British .I.fusenro. 19,

in!,.,

P:,l

, fessor Cur,ie, the discoverer of rs.dium. Earl of Mansfield, who left £1.021,520. MAY.-20. Sir J. Vaughan, late.. nifigistrK!.• at Bow-street. 23. Dr. Henrik Ibs.n, Norwegian dramatist. 31. Mr. Mica. Davitt, celebrated Irish ex-M.P. JuNE.-6. Sir Frederick. Peel, so'n' of Fi Robert Peel, aged 83. 8. Sir H. Mocxrtui late of the Chinese Legation. 4 10. Mr. Richard Sedddn, Premier of New Zcalincl. Jurx.-1. Sir Wilfrid Lawson, M.P., oel 77. 2. Plakiessor Manuel Garcia, aged 101. 4. Viscountess Althorp. wife of thl. Lard Chamberlain. 16. Mr. A. Beit, who 1.7" £2,000,000 in bequests. 18. Lady Curz,..:, wife, of the late Viceroy of India. 21. 1.. Gott, Bishop of Truso for 15 years. 22. 3 : Russell Sage, American multi - millionsi 30. Mr. John L. Toole, the celebrated act ..- AUGUST.-3. Sir Sydney Waterlow, c Lord Mayor and M.P. 4. The Duke of Rl- land ag,ed 87. 14. Mrs. Craigie, "Jo! Oliver Hobbes," the novelist. 21. 'Earl Leven and Melville, left £1,300,013. 28. EA' . of Lovelace; grandson of the poet Byron. Lady Campbell-Bannerman, wife of the Pj mien

SEPTEMBER.-17. ward Chichester.

Rear-Admiral Sir • 19. Dowager Dowager Marehione.

of Londonderry. OCTOBIR.-9. Mdme. Risiori, farne,m Italian actress. 13. Mrs. Lewis-Hill, who left £1,151,073. 21. Colonel Saunderson, the famous Orange M.P. 30. .Earl of Cranbrook, old Tory statesman, aged 92. NovEmarE.-2. Mr. George Herring, philanthropist, left £1,370,000. 15. Viscoun- tess Selby, wife of the former Speaker. O. Sir Edward Reed, nasal architect and ex," M.P.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
-CALAMITIES.

Unfortunately, 1906 has been remarkabla for the large number of disasters which have occurred in various parts of the world, the list including volcanic eruptions, earthquakes, fires, tornadoes, gales and floods, colliery ex- plosions, wrecks at sea, train disasters, with numerous minor casualties. Early in Ja-nu- ary there were earthquakes in Nicaragua and Hungary, followed by a volcanic eruption in Samoa. In February an earthquake and tidal wave Yiaited- Colombia, while a tornado swept the Society Islands. March brought news of the terrible raining disaster in the , Courrieres Colliery, at Lens, in France, by which over twelve hundred lives were lest, and soon after there was an earthquake in Formosa, some 1,200 persons being killed aud 2,000 injured. A mining disaster in Virginia caused the loss of 100 lives, and a similar disaster in Japan resulted in 250 being killed: April was the black mouth of the year, for it was then that the news arrived of the erup- tion of Vesuvius, by which many • villages wen destroyed, the total number of fatali- ties being unkntwn, while the ashes caused the collapse of the roof of Naples market, a number of persons being killed and injured. Another earthquake in Formosa killed hun- dreds, and soan after occurred the destruc- tion of San Francisco by earthquake and fire, with an enormous loss of life, 25 square miles being devastated and 500,000 people rendered homeless. May saw the wreck of H.M.S. Mon- tagu on Lundy Island, and over 100 spec- tators killed or injured in the attempt on King Alfonso and his bride '-^while during • June two persons were killed and many in- jured in a tramcar accident at Swindon, a similar mishap at Highgate causing the deaths of three people and injury to nineteen. In July the American line express, on the South-Western Railway, Was wrecked at Salisbury with the loss of 28 lives, twelve persons being. injured, while in the Wreck of a motor-'bus on Handeross Hill, nine people were killed and 27 injured. Fire in August at the Milan Exhibition caused damage esti- mated at £150,000, and 350 lives were lost in . the wreck of the Italian emigrant ship Sirio off the coast of Spain. Then came the earth- . quake in Chili and Argentina, in which, fortunately, the loss of life was not so heavy as at first reported, though great damage was i done to property n some eighteen towns. Fifty passengers' were injured in a railway collision near Glasgow, and in September• twelve were killed and sixteen Injured by the wreck of the Scotch express at Grantham, while two mishaps in America were respon- sible for much loss of life. .

A typhoon in 'Hong Kong, in which many persons were drowned and heavy damage done to shipping, was followed by a similar disaster in the. Philippines, severe storms shortly after in many parts of the world doing millions of pounds worth of damage, and causing the deaths of many per- sons. By the colliery explosion at Wingate, in October, 25 men were killed and 200 en- tombed, and the sinking of the Russian steamer Variag by a torpedo resulted in 200 passengers being lost. Over 800 men of a Japanese fishing fleet were drowned in a storm, and an electric train going through a bridge on the Pennsylvania Railroad y.'ss yesponsible for the deaths of a great nunaber -of people. A tremendous storm which swept the Rivieta in November did a great amount of dainao, and gales and floods were re- ported from various parts of the country. Foiky lives were lost by a collision of steamers off the Pacific coast of America, and the colliding of the Kaiser Wilhelm der l:rosse and the Orinoco at Cherbourg caused seven deaths, while Several persons were in- jured. In Germany a roburite factory was blown up by explosion, with the result that many persons were killed and injured, and enormous damage done to the surrounding property. Other calamities of the year have been : - JANUARY.-6. Heavy gale caused several deatho. 9. Landslide in America, 16 persona killed. 19. Mine. explosion in Virginia, 18 killed. 20. Mersey tugboat disaster, eight men drowned. 22. Brazilian battleship sunk, 212 lives lost. Liverpool tram overturned, 50 injured. 24. American steamer wrecked, 140 drowned. _

MARCH.-3. Mississippi tornado, 200 lives lost.. 14. Steamer British King lost with 28 lives. 16. Collision in Colorado, 40 killed. 27. Cyclone in New South Wales. APRIL.-5. Black Forest hotel collapse, 49 killed. 14. Explosion ,on U.S. ship Kearsage, sight killed. 17.. Explosion on H.M.S. Prince of Wales, three deaths. 19. Belgian training ship lost with 30 lives. 28. Dowleis oolliery tram disaster, five killed. 30. Courier sunk off Sark, 10 lives lost. MAY.-1. Steamer sunk off Beaehy Head. five drowned,. 18. Torpedo boat 56 sunk off Port Said with seven men. Six people killed in fire at Stratford. JUNAL-14. Explosion on the Haverford at Liverpool.; 8 killed 40 injured. 17. Japanese transport sunk, 50 lives lost. 20. Disastrous fire in South London. JULY.-8. Rockslide in Piedmont, 16 per- sona killed. 27. British schooner sunk by lightning, 16 drowned. AmatisT.-2. Severe thunderstorms all over the country. 14. Caledonian Railway mis- lay, 11 persous injured. SEPTLIL DEII.-3. Explosion on Russian cruiser Hunk, at Barrow, four killed, eight injured. 16. Besancon powder magazine blown up, through lightning, six killed, six injured. 21. Dynamite explosion in Ten- nessee, 59 killed. 30. Chinese emigrant ship foundered, Captain Clifton and 60 passen- gers lost. 0CT0131111.-5. Philadelphia "Underground" explosion, 8 killed, 20 injured. 16. French ' submarine Imtin .lost, crew drowned. 19. Cc- clone in Havana, 100 persons perished. 20. Selby Abbey destroyed by. fire. 25. Twenty persons killed rind many injured by fire at Kansas City. 30. German steather sunk near the Good Wins, 23 drowned. Noviematn.-9. Gales and floods in the Country. 12. Immigrant train vtreeked in Indiana, many kill ea and injured. 21. Man killed and Several injured at a Glasgow dis- tillery. 29. Railway president and three others killed in accident in Virginia.

CRIMES AND CIVIL CASES.

During this year there has boen no civil NM which could b. described as a eauss aslebre in the Law Courts, though a tre- mendous amount of interest was taken in the inquiry into the mental condition of the Mar- quis Townshend, when some remarkable evi- 'deuce was given as .to marriage brokerage. The inquiry resulted in the jury finding that Lord Townshend was not able to tannage his

...opoi or teeing care Itintself, and subsequently General Sir Red- rers Buller, who is an uncle by marriage of ihe Marquis, was appointed to manage the ostate. In connection with the arrest of a Madame d'Angely in the West-end, a Royal Commission was appointed to inquire into the 'Lilies of the Metropolitan Police, and a large lumber of people have given evidence. unerous witnesses were examined by the Commission which sat to consider the War stores scandal, and as a result of the find- ing of the Commission drastic punishment was awarded to officers and non-commis- sioned officers found guilty. Early in the year a case of "ragging' occurred among some officers in the Scots Guards, and seve- ral of them received punishment. A court - martial for the loss of the Montagu found Capt. Adair and Navigat- ing Lieut. Dathan guilty, and they were severely reprimanded and dismissed the ship. A serious riot occurred among the litokers at Portsmouth, and the ringleaders were court- rnartialled, sentences of from five years -to forty-two days being passed, while Lieut. Collard, whose order it was alleged caused the trorble, was subsequently tried. A deci- sion by the Court, of Appeal that the West Riding of Yorkshire County Council were justified in deductieg a sum from the salaries of teachers in non-provided schools for giv- ing religious education, caused a sensation in the echtcationa4 world, and the case was taken by the Government to the House of Lords. No crime has stood out above the ordinary level, but much sensation was cruised by Mr. Harry Thaw, brother of. the Countess of Yarmouth, shooting Mr. titan- ford White, a well-known architect, in New York.

Some other intereaing cases have been the fcalowing.: JA.NITARY:L-6. Vitriol outrage at Charing- cross. 10. Unemployed sent to gaol for par- ading the streets. 12. Miss Isabrl Jay, the actress, obtained a divorce. 19. Music pirates sontenced at the Old Bailey. M AP ca:-19. Furniture .hire case: Misses Jewell compensated by Messrs. Oetzmann. 23. Court of Appeal allowed the appeal of Lord Justice Moulton's stepdaughters. Case sutsequeotly settled. APRTE.-5. Gunner confessed to the mur- der of Miss Camp in 1897, but it was found. to be bogus. 14. Jabez Spencer Balfour re- leased from Parkhurst Prison.

MAY.-24. Mr. Archibald Wakley, a young artist, found murdered in his studio at Bays- water. 26. For conspiring to forge Wild utter cheques Captain Fane and P. M. Peach sentenced each to seven years. .JUNE.-20. A " medium " named Craddock fined in Connection with spiritualistic aeancea. 21. Miss Karri Thomas, a Gibson Girl, awarded damages for alleged wrong- ful dismissal. 26. Messrs.' Eynoth given £225 damages against Mr. G. H. Faber, M.P., for slander. JULY.-3. Court of Appeal upheld the order that Lady Violet Watt should pay ..e2,000 damages to Mrs. Julia Watt. 10. At ..the inquest on Miss Hogg, murdered at Cam- • barley, a verdict of wilful murder against someone unknown was returned. 17. S.-E. Railway Company paid Mr. Cyril Maude £20,000 compensation for damage to Avenue Theatre.

AUOUST.-11. Mrs. Devonshire shot her daughter and killed herself at Charing-cross. 13. Walter I3ayliss, at South Shields, killed his sister-in-law and her two children, then committing suicide. 14. Great jewel robbery at Earl's Court Exhibition. SEPTEMBEIt.--7. A man at Kensal-rise mur- derwed his two daughters, attacked his wife, baby, and brother, and attempted suicide. 13. Madame Humbert and her husband re- leased from prison in France. 18. Mrs. M. L. Stanley sent to prison for six.months for libelling Lady Gwendolen Cecil. OCTOBER.-3. Miss Lake, an English lady, murdered in Germany. 12. Mutiny of con- victs in Maidstone Prison. 25. Frederick Reynolds sentenced to death for the murder of his sweetheart at Bermondsey. 26. Con- victs escape from Gloucester Prison. NOVEMBBR.-6. Miss Jeanne A. Hanson awarded £1,500 for breach of promise. 12. In an action for breach brought by Miss Draughn, an actress, against a German mil- lionaire's son, the jury disagreed. 14. Mr. Guy de Maupas awarded £lO,OOO damages in the Divorce Court. Charged with the mur- der of Mr. and Mrs. Watson, at Basildon, Robert Buekham, a youth, was acquitted, and his brother sentenced to death. 17. Two children murdered at Wood - green. 28. Frederick H. Woolfries sentenced at Liver- pool to eight months for libelling Mr. Sey- mour Hicks.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
FOREIGN AND COLONIAL;

Although there was no outbreak of hostili- ties between any Powers, home affairs caused much bloodshed in Russia, conflicts took piece between people and Cossacks, cases of revolt occurred in the Army, while mutiny arose in the Navy. Riots occurred in St. Petersburg, outrages were committed by re- volutionists, and bomb-throwing was in- dulged in on several occasions, the meet seri- ous being that at the residence of M. Stoly- pin, when about 30 people were killed and 60 Injured, including the Premier's two child- ren. M. Stolypin was unhurt, but the assas- sins were killed. In April the elections for the Puma commenced, and in May the first session of the Parliament was opened by the Czar, but His Majesty dissolved the Duma in July by Imperial ukase. Several plots against the Czar were reported, but none of them was carried out. In France M. Fallieree succeeded M. Loubet as President of the Republic, and the Dreyfus case was re- viied, the result being that the con- viction of the Captain was quashed, and he was decorated with the Legion of Hononr. In Egypt trouble was caused by the Sul- tan placing his troops in Egyptian Territory and refusing to withdraw them, but after re-, ceiving a ten days' warning the demands con- tained in the ultimatum were complied with. nritish officers were attacked by natives, and Captain Bull killed, for which o Egyp- tians were sentenced to death aeriti to im- prisonment. Trouble arose in South Africa with a Natal chief, 'Baralsaata, and a tribe under Siganandi revolted. British forces consequently moved out against them, and later severe fighting occurred, a large num- ber of the rebels being killed, until news was received of the death of Banibaata, while a heavy surrender of rebels followed the . death of Siganandi. The Natal Government early in the year resigned owing to the Colonial Office postponing the execution of twelve natives, but the sentence was carried out a few days later. In November came news that a Boer named Ferreira had headed a raid into the Orange River Colony, but a few days afterwards he and his followers were captured by the Cape, Mounted Rifles. • Sensation was caused in America by Presi- dent Roosevelt drawing attention to the revolt- ing conditions which existed in the Chicago packing houses, and much amusement arose through the President sanctioning a new way of spelling. Tronl.!e arose in Cuba, and so serious did the c ilook become that the United States intervened and American sailors were landed, while Mr. Taft, the United States Secretary for War, left Wash- ington in the interests of peace. •Hostilitiea were suspended, and America presented aa ultimatum that unless peace were secured there would be a military occupation. Ulti- mately Mr. Taft proclaimed himself Gover- nor, and established a provisional govera.; nient.

Flour," the sure raising powder, will raise one pound of wheat flour. ' And with it, your baking will be so much better. ,

ld„ 3id., 7d. packets.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
SORE LIMB FOR 20 MONTHS

Caused by Being Hurt Became Quite Lame—Numerous Reme- dies Failed to Help Limb Now Perfectly Cured.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
WONDERFUL RESULT

FROM USE OF CUTICURA

"I have used the Cuticura Remedies for seine months past'and I now thank God that lam wholly cured. I suffered for twenty months from a chronic sore limb originally caused by a hurt and after numerous remeclies having failed I tried the Cuticura Remedies which after the lapse of a few weeks produced wonderful effects. I continued dressing the wound twice daily and after the lapse of three months a complete cure was effected. Of course I was quite lame, but now I can walk about well. My limb is now perfectly cured, and I am as light in the limb as I'd wish to be. I shall be glad to recommend the Cuti- cura Remedies to any sufferers from bodily infirmities whieh the Cuticura Remedies may alleviate. So far as I myself am concerned the cure is beyond my most ardent expectations. Denis O'Sullivan, Lansdowne Cottage, Ken- more. Co. Kerry, Ireland, May 1, 1901" THE DUTY OF MOTHERS

At the First Sign. of Disfiguring Humours is to Use Cuticura the (heat Skin Cut e. Every child born into the world with an inherited tendency to torturing, dis- figuring humours of the skin and scan, becomes an object of the most tend-a solicitude, not only because of its suffer- ing, but because of the dreadful fear that the disfiguration is to be lifelong and mar its future happiness and prosperity- Hence it becomes the duty of mothers of such afflicted children to acquaint them- selves witli;tbe best, the purebt, and most elective treatment available, viz.: the Cuticura Treatment, consisting of warm Wile with Cuticura Soap, and gentle anointip with Cuticura Ointment, the great Skin Cure, and purert and sweetest of emollients. Cures made in childhood are speedy, permanent, and economical. INtieura Posy, Ointment, tnd Ville, art aold thzrughtent the wot,L Pepote: Loudon, 17 Chaettrltoure Sq.; Par* Slot de Is Pain! Teter bras te Chen. Corp, Sole rrnpa allrlend tor little to Curt Skin and Settlp litonoute

EYES TESTED FREE.

ZtiaBT APPROTE.

11 ET H 0 D.

IoDERIT4 PRICER

AND BSEBLIBBIES•FERIn AReHER & SONS, Specialists, 73, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL. TELIPHONE 5615. ESTAYLIBHIED 1848.

BEST FANULY MEDICINE

_ WORSDELL'S Kaye's Pills lii Use 100 years. Are s earteLn curs for Indigostion, Biliousness, HesAisslie, Dyspepsia. Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complete* tr. Invaluable for Ladies' Of all Chemists, 11/li, 2/9, and 4/6 per box, or en receipt of amount 13, Et. George's, Norwich.

BY THE _D. - F. H. ARCHER, F.S.M.C., 13.0. MOST MI- -61 DOR SPECTACLE 7ECT FIT.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOTH-ACHE

CURED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Preveveesl:iecaessilahvtes NEW RALCIA, HEADACHE, NER VINE and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Stores, IL lid. or receipt of amount 13, ST. GEORGES STREET, NORVVICI4, specific for Toothache it bas no sigma, I have, used It. suecessfully for years,"—Psov, 11,D.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
RHEUMATISM.

MERR

===== 0002601_19061229_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
CLA.IIKK'S sex, allael Uto%rynrgans IgetTurv. Bet eaoh, of all eli on the world, 1.1112 coin and Advt.

—To MOTH ISP use,l for over etaUdrm Ps poor

produces nato aid thn all Chemiets

===== 0002601_19061229_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
MERRYWEATHER Or

WATER SUPPLY

AND

FIRE PROTECTIOI of COUNTRY MANSIONS.

EX PER Repor

ITS SENT TO ALL PARTS re I on EXISTING Arrangements. WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS: 'WEATHER & SONS, LONG ACRE, LONDON, N.C.

841 PlLlii are warranted to QU'R,In eltwit ea for om,stitutional diseharges trona ths ;. (gravel and Pains in the back. kroe [rows itatiltlied upwards of .3tl year. In 'J016141. Bd. 4, mists and Patent Medicine Vendors thronab • or cont. fm sfaty stempo by the makers. Tlaa llidisnd counties Drug Doinpany,

I.—Mrs. Wiastow's Sootblng Syrup hes been fifty years by rnlllions of mother' f4r their e teething, with p.riect success. It will relieve erer Immediately. It Is pleasant to taete tarl.quiet sleep, by relieving the child frorn paic Cherubiswakes "Si bright as alt." is. lid. per bottle.— dvt.

d

I

"

===== 0002601_19061229_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19061229_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
elo ml

===== 0002601_19061229_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Enfierer

===== 0002601_19061229_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19061229_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
II"

===== 0002601_19061229_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_19061229_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
• • 4

CO eratntner otrtes

OF WEBK-END R EIWSPAPERS COMPRISES :-

El

WAN D COOK-GENHA ftL, Protestant; good refer- ences required ; under 30; good wages.-96, P(LATINE BD., West Didsburr. hi4nchester.

W

:

Mali WARRINGTON & MID-CHRSHIRR RXAMINBR, published every Sic urday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, Au., being one of the Largest and Beet Weekly Papers In Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district c3vered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural trace in South Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. ITHR RUNCORN BXAMIHRR, published every Saturday 1. mornic g. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the beat and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. !TIRE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Saturday I. morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. BARLRSTOVG N AND NRWTON lIXAMINRIL J. published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Rarlestown, Newton-le- Golborne, Haydock, Lowton, Ac. The district thus comprised is s most implrtant part of the Lancashire coal- fields. .

r.,,vaA,

MIANTED Sup«rior 031.4 }MAL ; family four; no washing ; age about 23 ; reference required ; good wages iven.-31r•. itonswirta,, Liunyshaw. Walkden, Manchester.

Milli ST. IiBLBNS EXIMIN3R, published every .1. Saturday moil:Ling, circulating In St, Helene, Prescot, Parr. Sutton, Pestiley Cross. &c --tbe centre of the Gls Ps, Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADv F.RTISEMENTS. APARTmsras WARTEr• HOUSES WARTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANROUS!WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One 1 hree Eli Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Oa. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2e. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. ed. ... le. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... se. ed. 36 ... Is. CM. ... 2a. 6d. ... 41. ed. ... 6s. Cd. 45 ... is bd. ... 3e, Id. ... ss, Od. ... 7s. Od. 54 ... Is. 6d. ... 3s. Ed. ... 6s. ed. ... 10s. Cd.

TATTED at once Superior GANPRAL. Nice appearance v —Addreee, 16. SCAMS/Melt ST., Southport.

W. A NTED two YOU eICI CIENERAL SERVANTS. Strong 77 country &la.—Apply CHURCH INN. FliXt3l3,LanONB6lll3.

IVA NTED. good etrong GENERAL SERVANT, mei to children ; age about 30.--Apply 33, JOHNSON ST., Tyldes/ev

ANTRD CiiiNBRAL, boat 16 ; references ; good VY home ; state wages.—BABBTEMIRIC, 101, Bridge it., Permwortb, Bolton.

WANTRD immediately after New Year, HOUSIIMAJD- Pi,AITRES.4, wages £l3.—kfra. TATHAM, The Park, Wilmslow, Cheshire.

WANTRO, cowl MINERAL, for the country, no children, for Jan. 703, Reference required.—Aprlylwisousc PLACE, Urrell, Wigan.

ANTBD, Strong GBNBRAL for mllichonee ; with rood references.—Aoply, J. BRACKIN. 19 and 21, Hawkes- w•rth at., Anfield, Liverpoo!.

WANTED at once COOK-GENERAL and Young HOUSEMAID. Good Characters necessary.—Misa ADAMS. 4, Park rd., Bouthoort.

WAISTED at once, smart HOLTSIDIAID-WAITHR99 ; permanencr7 to suitable 'applicant —Apply, stating age; Pcsgarces, Clifton square, Lytham.

IVANTED early In January, Experier.ced GENERAL or COOK-GENBRAL for small family ; nurse kept,— Apply Mrs. TREVOR, Longton liouse, Raft:o3lll.

Ai RS. BROMAGB. 71, Brighton et.. S.:taconite, Liver Tool, 1 requires all kinds of DOMRS'ila SERVANTS, good Ccok-Cienerals Wanted at once ; good wages givea.

WANTxo. cooxe, Hitchenmaids. Waßreese., hotels ; Housemaid Waitresses, Cook-Generals, £2O, £22, private.--BkasTaN's, 44, Charles et., Blackpool.

A LL SERVANTS rPquirilig reliable SITUATIONS, apply lA. 134, NEWBANK BD., Btackburn, Lancashire. No book- ing fees. Letters anawered. Stamp reply.

Al 7 AMMO after Jan. 12th, for small family, country ; 681V1IRAL SBRVANT ; good character.—State full particulars to OS. .. Hxaminer " Office, Warrington.

WAHreTqltuiDre,f,lir. goodstwe wekl.e. to In January, goodenuary,G e eitren,cies suitableperarr'l py s Mn. PHILIP9ON, lhe Homestead, Blackpool rd., Ansdell, Lytham.

I('* „D„,

ANTBD 13-101311 AL SIIRVANT from 16 td 22 for VT farm, one that cm milk or not; also a strong Youth from 14 to 16; state wages,must be good miIker.—GODDARD, Farmer, Cheadle, Cheshire.

RS.RE,.,A.Drequires experienced COOKS. Housemaid aler.7...itr. Eeii.biCook-Generalr, Ritchen-mai.is and superio; e pIaces.—SELECT /MOUTHY, Itusholme, Manchester. Established 26 years.

SERVANTs' REGISTRY LFFICEI, Caxton House, 73, Buttermarket St., Waritn,.ton.—Ladies requiring good servants, and seivants wanting good places, should apply at above addrees.—Miss SHEATH, Manageress.

APiiOVBD and guaranteed CURB for Plies or Constips tion, Enlpbadoes Powders. Nature's own remedy, purifies the blood, removes irregularities, and builds up the system, never known to Nth is. 3d.—CausE, 62, Et. David's RIR, Exeter.

DO YOU h+UFFBIt from a Chest Affection, such as Bronchitis, Asthma, or Consumption If in, on receipt O 7 a stamped addressed envelope you will receive informa- tion as to how you can obtain a ' cure' for same, Thousands of successful cases.—Addresa, LINCTUS, Loft houses, Psteley Bridge, Yorks.

• • „

===== 0002601_19061229_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
liiatrimong

ATHIMONIAL rosr and Fashionable Marriage Adver- neer. sealed envelope 5d., with circular 9d. Estab- lished one-third century,—Enrron. Room 0.8., 14, Trafalgar Buildings, London. W.V. Distance immaterial.

4 ATRIMONIAL TIMES," the best and quickest Intro. ductory medium for all desiring a matrimonial alliance ; price 64., In sealed envelope—Address EDITOR Robert liadfced, 6, Featherstone Buildings, Holborn, W.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Momestir iiperbants, etr.

AVANTIID good MINIMAL, able to wash and cook.— Mrs. Warra.lCEß. Laburnums, Atherton.

IVANTBD, strong GIRL, age 17 t.s 2'), for farmhouse. T T Mr!. RIITTEE, Great Knowsley Farm. Chorley.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ED bt Let.

PENKETH.—GOOD HOUSE 4 WITH GARDENS, 3s. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. IVY LODGR.FROGHALL LAAR. redused rent. 5, WASH LANE, rent 7. ed. per week. LL STREW. OFFICES ground floor. also upper rooms. WORKROOM Rear Bridge otreet, rent ss. per week. 17, MILL LONE. rent 61, per week. 9, SCHOOL BELOW. rent 31. 91. per week. 47, NEW ROAD, rent 41. 9d. per week. BANK STREET, 7 Stoll Stable with good Yard and Cart Shed. CORNOR SHOP 2, School Brow, rent 6s, 6d. v.,- week. Apply Roakwr Lowe, Estate Agent,No. l Bank-street War- engton. Telephone—No 66.

To LET 17, FOLLY LANIL—Apply WOODS it SON .1 Sall ol tore, Horrernarket St reet, Were oirton

ril o LET GOCD BOUM Parker street. rent 35e. month clear, will 14e cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS & 801iDit,re, Warllngton.

TTLBT, 6, BAGLB MOUNT, Wllderspool. two sitting, three bedrooms. kitchen &e. Penny tram.—Apply B^BTCCX, Bagle Montt. Wilderspool.

MO BB LET (or sold) pair of superior semi-detached 7111 as Lower Walton, five bedrooms, two entertsining rooms. good garden, ie., aceptional situation, ten minutes from tram.—Apply. GARLAID, 51. Bridge it.. Warriugton.

v IWDLLING-HOUSH.-TO BS Lin', with Immediate possession, the commodious Dwelling-house. No. 21, Stanley at., containing thtee entertaining rooms, kitchen, scullery, pantry, ten bedrooms, bathroom, lavatory, we. arge garden. DWELLING-I-WM.—TO 8111 LET, with Immediate possession, No. 19, Stanley at., containing two enter- taining rooms, kitchen. scullery and pantry ; five bedrooms bathroom ;'outside washhouse ; rtnt £25 ; there is an access to both houses from St. Austin's lane.—Apply J. and W. DUTTON. tiankey at.. Warrington

===== 0002601_19061229_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
1/0r6e5.13m5, Itb totit Szt.

VOR UALB, good HOMING PIGRON3 oheap ; flown JC Guernsey, Bournemouth, Swindon. &0., Pedigree.— apply REGENT HOTEL, Greenough at., Wigan.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
farbfral

AnII.3.—NIAGIO LOTION softens, beautifies bands. f .ce., 18.—MEDIML 3, Margaret st.. Mansfitld.

CIOMPLnXIOS.—PurIne Tablets elets the skin and beantify the complexion, 70.—i1clxr OSEL Chemist Lake rd., Portsmouth.

BLAUD IRON FILE4,— Wholesale prices ; pink, tasteless ND Is., 1,003 Z. 6,l.—NEceolA Co., Dept. B. 6 Canon- mills Bridge, Edinburgh.

HAIRS (superfluous) painlessly destroyed by Mrs. Good man's famous Australian remedy. for borne treatment Ti rite for perticulars, 1.1 YORK IfiXo Twickenham, Middlesex

A DVICR 70 TI( 13 SLIfRIVLBS3.—Take the Reliable 1-1.. Sleeping Powders. safe and certdn. Is. lid, per packet. poet tree.--FARRANTS, Che Mitt, Orplngton. Kent.

PDROP. RGLHN'S Lumbago, Gravel, Dropsy or Kidney Herb', ls. packets —35, DARWEN ET, Blackburn. 31rs. Rglim Vtends ladle', 13, MINCING LANE, Blackburn. glen's Herbal Remedies are sure.

SMA.HHIAGH : Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. A new eclitioa just published/. Post free 35. 9d.— London; SHELLEY AND CO., LTD.. 38, Graceehuret at.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ilitsrtlianeous, noalts, ett.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
URINGH NBT. 361 n., 10.1. dozen, poit free.—AnnEEY, 14, Camb:a it. BlAckfrius, 8.6.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
WOODCARVING.—Twelve tools ready for use, 95 —ART WORKERS' SUPPLY CO., Wolverton, Bucks.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
vAT HY I DO NOT GO TO 0.-iUßCH.—Couvlnelncr, lid. post free.—HAMVOYD, 11, Neville it., Durtisni.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
Q) PO3TOA RDR. —No rubbish, ls. ld pit free —Au_dooh. 19, Olenthorne rd., Hammersmith.

DOOP DNALIIR3, wrile for Price List. ',COO varieties.— _DO HOLMES " Werehause, 31 Newmarket it., Leicegter.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
1 D GOODS—Sample box. 3 dozen is., carriage paid for .1 3s. a gros•).—LNE-Man3n & Co. 27 Dickinson it., Manchester.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
rtlo FARR/SlM—Straw and Sawdust M anure ; put on rail _1 cr YAIIIHURST ST., Higher Ardwick, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
ON SAM., 2 PIANOS. new, nprigbt grand. overstrung Ivory keys, no reasonable offer refused,-89, BEW.9ZY ST., Warrington,

===== 0002601_19061229_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
rlolll3.—Sixpennv cttalogne of linglish coins. 260 illustra- li Mono pot free 7d.—EDGAR LINCOLN, 141, Kenalugton High it.. London-

===== 0002601_19061229_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
DIC TOR! AL POSTCARD SOCIHTY (founded ISo3).—The Wrwld'a Card..—Particulars, Secretary, W. AYBCOU(4II, 96, Gower at.. London, P 7.0.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
501.113 Gold (stamped) Gent's Signet or Ladies' Gem Rings, with real stones, 4s. ; genuine bargains ; approval. WILLIS. 88, ifalisbury Avenue, Southend.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
108 LINBS.--Direet from the Iriah Damask Company LP Table Clothe, la. ; bed rpreada, 3e. sd. ; curtains le. Td. post tree. —34, CIIHZ3N ST., Dublin.

BAZ kAlt GOODS (Special), id, and sp.—Greatest variety and value in the trade.—Sat.m)a St gATTHEWA(I.N. Ltd, Plough Buildings, Gloncester it., Birminghsm.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL.—Each pure} aser 12s. 6d. Pearl Pin set gold, free Pct. Rolled eold Double AIbert.—MANAGER, vRIENT PICARL 0,., 1.; Clifton Mansions, Brixton, S.W.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL.—Haeh purchaser 158 6d. Heat Orient Pearl Necklet, free 18ct. lioll?d Gold Curb Bangle. MANAGER, ORIENT PEARL CO., 12, Clifton Mansions, Brixton, S.W.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
VIM& Crack Incandescent as Mantle. Try a dozen. 11 3 [polities, per doz.n. 29. 64.. 39..45., free house. Send P.O. or stamps.—SUPPLY COMPA:NY,26 Praed st. London, W.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
200 Ikleed:es given free with teach machine. All Intereeted cordially Invlted to call and hear therm at once. Cannot be repeated. 200 Needle, with each ni,chine.

and one old, broken, or c.-acked Cylinder (any make) BUYS a B&W Gold Mounded faCBLBIOII Record. Sold out latt week, but another big lot (latest) now in.

10-Inch DiJUBLE SID kW Concert 0180 fiIiCORDS at 2a 6d each, considered the World's Greatest Value (just think, It works out at Is 3d for a 10In cli'e). unbreakable.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
ROBINSON'S

GREAT 7filfilkTlG—MAd'Hisii DB-POT. 2131 DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER.

-:,,,,;..,-.:.!:.!:,.:,-.4:.A.:.•....',,:., 1'!,,,,. ~-.'.!;...7.--:.:.,,.:..:".._.,.,T._.:',..:.•:•.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0081.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19061229_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, December 29, 1906.

gtistllanrous,olt ttr.

I GOODS.—SAMPLIS BOX 3 d.,zen I. carriage paid.— 1 LEE-MARSH AND Co., 27. Dickinson at., Manchester.

gPale hp Ructton.

00te155, woro, toarDin estabs.

LVIY BOUICNICMOUTH.-110T11.L DALKlitrfl, mosi up-to-dhte. DAINTY CUISINE. From 33g. No extras- Nr.pier.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
VLASTIC STOCKINGS. 2s. 6d. ; Knee-Caps, 2s, Suspect- -1U sary Bandages, ls. each from Manufacturer—W. f. MADDOCK, Alfred et, South. Nottingham.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Ew7 7s.—Oood SRCOND•HAND PiARO ; guaranteed for 13 ye,.rs and tuned free for 12 months ; also one at £1.2 12a.-7. R. WOAD. 47, Old London rd.. dtockton Heath.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
BULL 13 aY HOTHL, AMLWCH.—The tiwltzerland of Eng!and ; racing the blab Se % ; Rolf, sh9otlng, fish- bnatlT‘a; 6t3 ben3 FittrohAct,-3. J. Munn..

===== 0002601_19061229_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
L.LASTIC STOCKINGS 2e 6d, Legging.e 2e 3d, Kneecaps Z.:4 2e. each ; measurement form free.—NEW BRITUR RUBBER CO Lord et., Southport.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
motor Cal:sl4El)om Tarriagrfs, ttt

===== 0002601_19061229_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
O N SALB, Lady and Gent's TA.NDB3I—CYCLB, all the latest ; made by Singer's, Coventry ; a bargain, or will exchange for gent's cycie.--378, TYLDE3LEY an, Atherton.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
HOT WAR APPARATUS, all conipleta, for Green— houses, Motor Sheds, de. ; lowest prices.--LEEe, Beeoonfield rd., Seaforth, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
VonUm, Cggs, etc.

VOWL CORN, 7s. 6d., 10s, 6d., 12s. 6d. 2401b5. ; Pie Food, is. 6d. and Poultry Meal, Bs. and 105. per 200188, IlocHE AND Co., 15, Goree piazzas, Liverpool. Mention paper.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
WI a n te73

100 given for Sunlight and LifeSuov wrappers 1/ CONWAY, 112 Whitecross it.. Finsbury.

'IOMP ACT Little POULTRY FARM for Sale, near War- rington.— Par.le Aar s T. Cnwora.z., Legh st.Warrlng ton.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
HARE I RABBIT SKINS Wanted.—Good prices given by LINGWOOD BROS., Brandon, Suffolk,

===== 0002601_19061229_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
SIIIPS' STEWARDS.—HOW end where to apply.—Stamp to Hol.x.vwcz, 15 Pelllpar rd.. Woolwich.

LADM required to sell timiling Morn Tea. —&pply WARD, 29 Itockbourne rd., Forest Hill, &B.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED, to purchase small COUNTRY ROUSH, or Cottage —4, BULLER RD , Long/light, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
EGG BOXES.—Patent reversible lid ; savel time and money.—Apply MID-WALE 3 Box CO.IPLNY. Ne9rEOWII

===== 0002601_19061229_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTBD at once a DAIRY of MILK, 33 galion a day. Address, H., O. " Rzaminer " Officer. Warrington

BAJO TUITION by Corresoondence. ProspeCtus tree. DI —LUTHER TmoTsoN, 38 Fat r Dank, Cray rd., Shipley, Yorkshire.

WANTED, old coloured Fashion Plates ; also old books VY containing coloured plates.-CioLnextuxt, 101 Alexandra rd., London, N.W.

IT'S WORTH your whl e to try Welsh flannel*, for warmth, J_ wear, and value from JOHN WILLIAMS ft BON. woollen Manuff.cturers, Brecon.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Jo Ira Promissory Notet, L ebts. bough', any distance ; cash down, full value.—(.l. SMITH BAILEY CO., 2, Market st.. Mancheater•

HAY and CLOVER STACKS WANTSD. for cash : by lump or ton.—Quote full partloulstrs, NEWTON, Merchant. Loneton, btafta.

2/ INVESTED profits, 53. upward. monthly. Capital 0/ safe, particulars P.O. 6d.--PREDERICIR EASTTHOPE, Elswick. Ilesvosslic-on-Tyne.

I)ETROTIVII 13xpertundertalces matters requiring spetlisl care and secrecy ; write or wire.—A. J. PATRICK, O. Great College et.. London. N.W.

UIOIII3IGN STiII&PS WANTSD.--Old collections or loose 12 lots. rio dealers. Send on approval ,with price.— NIION, 70. Humber rd., Blackheath, S.R.

MlLtlfaiWn toffltHrDettoermaa.llitdaatierypriacbeo,uytelrloyzceonadtrtaiely:: eßArolxy J. 8., Kxkminer " OfFeo, Warrinzton.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
if.jUSC YOUR OWN HOUSlS.—average weekly p‘yrnents. _LP 4s 7,1. If no work, or sick, psyc•ents suspended.— "SriEPPi." Shakespeare rd.. Gillingham. Rent.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
%AT ANTHD, scrap Braes, Copper, Pewter, Mariue Sore VT 00cle, Robber, Champagne Bottle., !co. Prompt easb.—CHApacirt. Me.chant. Atterellffe Sheffield.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
QANITARY INSPBCTORS.—Lady Health Visitors. £lOO 1., to £530 ; several hundred vacancies annually, open to all ; 400 successes. Postal Course Now Cornmenoing tor Liverpool Ititarn.—lquaarga, Sanitary llaOrrt. Sunderland.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
A FIRST CLASS AGRNCY appointment with an imper- il tent financial institution can be secured by a trustworthy person in any district. The work ifs plaasknt and profitable; whole or part time can be given. I h!s is an excellent oppor- tunity for you to commence slut time, with a view of improving your position by giving whole time after gaining experience.—Adaress, Box 360, G.F.C., Manchester.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Otiuration.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCONiBi ABBEY SCBOOL, Bwks.—Next. t.rrn begfru on Jtnnar, lgth, 1907.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
WALLASEY GRAMM ‘R Q.CI-100L. Boarders taken by B. A. Fontsne,al.A., Kiloteggan.Niount rd., New Brighton.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Vartnersbio, SuOtneoscs., eft.

FVOU S&L, Fried Fish Chip Potato snd Trips Susi nese. (Good reasons for leaving.)--apply 209, WlNwlcx RD., WBrrlngtol3.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
111111 EREONS PURCHASING RUSIN fcsSRS can be 1 accommodated witti Capital at SiLkußic& AND 00., 31, Cairo it., Warrington•

===== 0002601_19061229_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
STBAIISHIP SHAH. £lOO fully pall; £23 dividend in 18 months ; price £9B net.—LomAx, 41, Corporation et , Iganchest.r.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
10 0 V. Fully Paid Mining Shares for Sale ; will sacrifice at 45., or exchange for anything value EGO ; might Six Ide.—Write 31INE8, 8, Park Avenue, Ilford, lima,

===== 0002601_19061229_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
I RUIT FARR in Worcestershire ; about £1,600 requlrei 1 Income £3OO to £500; pleasant and healthy oseupatlen —W. J. 01.189, Chartered Accountant, 5. Cook at., Liverpool

===== 0002601_19061229_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iflatputtry, ttc.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
-VAIIMERS STRAIT ENGINE, semi-portable, 21b.p. I ready for work.—l 42, Malt ST Stalybridge.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
CLUB RULES, PROGRAMMES, EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON

;HO fl ZL)

===== 0002601_19061229_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
AND ALL KINDS OF LETTERPRESS AND LITHOGRAPHIC PRINTING. JOHN WALKER & Co.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
The promoters of intercom- CHANNEL munication between TUNNEL Eegland and France by SCHEMES, means of a tunnel under the Straits of Dover are just now much more active than they have been for many years past. They have set to work with a new hopefulness, produced to a large extent, no doubt, by the entente cordiale. The feasibleness of a Channel Tunnel is a question that has now a much better chance of being discussed in a reason- able spirit than it has ever had before. The time that has elapsed since the last agitation on the subject, more than twenty years ago, cannot be considered as time lost. A Chanel Tunnel con- structed as it would then have been would already have become obsolete. Oa the other hand, the necessity for such a wails of Com- munication has grotvn less. It is possible to cross from Folkestone to Calais, or vice versa, in boats with scarcely any vibration, in five minutes under the hour, and in almost any weather. The ingrained French dread of sea-sickness must surely be greatly diminished in such circumstances. The great vocalist who crossed the Atlantic and refused to come hack again, spending the remainder of his life between the civilisation of the Eastern cities and that of the backwood settlements, can be understood, even if he does not command much sympathy ; but the person who, having urgent affairs on hand, is afraid of an hour's sea-passage in a comfortable boat approaches incomprehensibly. The Simplon Tunnel has shown us what can be done by engineering in these d -vs, and with what speed, even under the most difficulties. It has also made all previous schemes of tunnelling under the Channel look hopelessly absurd in face of what can now be accomplished. The man who nowadays proposed to construct a tunnel with air- shafts, like chimneys, at intervals, for the vast sea-faring traffic of the Channel to avoid or to be wrecked upon would not merely be laughed at --he would almost to a certainty be sent to a lunatic asylum. Not much more feasible was the project of building a tunnel instead of boring it—of laying a sort of prolonged archway, that is to Fay, along the bed of the Channel. That such schemes to be reasonable enough for discussion up to about fifty years ago, or that anybody should have dreamt of building a bridge across the Channel, appears now to be I almost incredible. To read about thorn is like turning over the leaves of an old jest-book, and quite as amusing. Whatever else we have done I during the last half-century, we have certainly made the most amazing progress in engineering. Even the science of medicine cannot congratulate itself on greater or more rapidly succeeding strides. So far as the' engineering part of the business is concerned, therefore, the Channel Tunnel diffi- culty may be regarded as solved. Nothing but the discovery that the geologists have made a great error could convert the task of construction from a comparatively simple one to a work of a very serious character. The soundness of the project is such, from the engineering point of view, that abundance of money would be found for carrying it out should it be able to win approval from Parliament. The giving or withholding of that approval should depend, of course, solely on military considerations. As Sir ALFRED TURNEIt,ft distinguished soldier who is in favour of the Tunnel, has remarked : "If it would bring us into a position at all analogous to that held by Continental countries whose frontiers are conter- minous with those of other great military Powers, which could make incursions across their frontiers immediately on a declaration of war, the Tunnel scheme must be unhesitatingly condemned by all sane persons." As to that we are all agreed ; and as the scheme is at present engaging the attention of the Committee of Imperial Defence it is to be assumed that these are questions that are being discussed. It will be strange if the answer given to them does not greatly vary from that which r was given twenty-two or twenty-three years ago.

This has been a good, old- AN OLD-FASHIONED fashioned English Christmas CHRISTMAS. —something of a rarity in these days when we usually have recourse to the works of Charles Dickens and imagine the rest. With a keen frost and a super- abundance of snow to clothe the earth in a dazzling white mantle, the fireside festivities gained in zest and almost everywhere was merry- making. In our own town a spell of brisk

• - ^

===== 0002601_19061229_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Congratulations to the Warrington Male Voice Choir on their victory at Chester Eisteddfod ! Oar local musical talent has certainly come to the fore of late years and Warrington has every reason to be proud of its male voice choirs.

* * * A word of praise is undoubtedly due to the fire brigade for the valiant efforts which saved the sur- rounding property while the theatre was in extremis. They were so promptly on the scene that there was some fear they would save the theatre also ! * * *

A poser was once put toifr. W. S. Gilbert by a correspondent who objected to the use of " coyf al " in one of the Savoy operas. "How can anyone be full of coy ?" he was asked, " Really, I don't know," was the reply, "but having recently come across the word ' bashful ' I am trying to discover how anyone can be full of bash." * * *

Wall-street estimates that Mr. John D. Rockefeller's income during 1906 has been £22 16s. per minute, or £12,000,000 in the year. It is a crime, as well as a burden, to possess such wealth. There would be I nothing unreasonable in putting a limit on incomes which show a tendency towards reaching such bloated proportions. * * * 1 It was pleasing as it was unusual to see such a large attendance at the Musical Society's concert on Satur- day evening. The wisdom of arranging popular Iprices was fully evident and, of course, a grand work like "The Messiah " is always popular at Christmas time. We hope this highly successful concert may be taken as an augury for more generous support of the Society's work in the future. * * * " I should say that there are three motives which lead men to go the House. A prominent Tory ex-Minister," says Mr. George Harwood, M.P., in "Cassell's Saturday Journal,' " put the case to me thus : A third of the 670 members are in here because they have axes to grand a third because member- ship of the House of Commons gratifies their ambition, while another third, or rather barely a. third, come here to do what they conceive is their duty. This division is not a bad one."

===== 0002601_19061229_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEM

===== 0002601_19061229_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
trade had enabled workingpeople to lay by the wherewithal to prepare for this season of feasting and revelry, arid to see the shops thronged with eaier purchasers of the manly good things so alluringly displayed was very cheering. There are some to whow, Christmas, alas, means a keener realization of their poverty- stricken lot, but the spirit of kindliness and generosity which is ahr..aid at this time enabled most of them to participate in the good things. In the various punlic insti- tutions Christmas Ddy was, as it always is, a red letter day, seasonable fare being served in gaily decorated rooms. To those who were unfortunate enough to be in the Workhouse the day brought its pleasures, and few indeed must have been the places where the joyous Christmas spirit did not penetrate in somedegree.

It has often been noted THE THEATRE FIRE. that Christmas - time is usually made memorable by fires and sudden deaths, or disasters at sea. The season this year has been no excertion,for early on Christmas morning Warringtou wss startled by the clang of the fire-bell and the clatter of the heavy engines as they were rushed down to the Ruyal Court Tneatro in Rylands-street. Here the fire was found to have taken good hold and before long this long-familiar build- ing was completely gutted. It still presents a bold front to the world, but the roof, stage and dressing rooms have been totally destroyed, and what is required is a new theatre. It was almost as badly required before the fire, for the old Public Hall never took kindly to its new rile, anti the theatre was certainly one of the most uncom- fortable, draughty, and inadequate places of its kind we ever visited. We are afraid that the first feel- ing of an uncharitable public on hearing the news which heralded Christmas Day in Warrington was one of thankfulness. " Best thing that c-Juld have happened to it " was the funeral oration from more than one mouth when the fate of the theatre was learned. Nevertheless there was a genuine feeling of sympathy with the proprietors, and with the travelling company "Sunday," in the heavy. loss both had sustained. We hope that, ere long, we shall see rise from the thne-honoured ruins of the old building a new, clramodious and comfort- able theatre which will be a credit to a town like W arrington.

The date has been fixed for THE FoltnlC ,MINQ the elections in Russia, and RUSSIAN ELECTION, the news is the more satis- factory because the date is near. Russia may have passed through the worst of her experiences—one would like to think that she had—but a determirate factor may be the election of the new Duma. On the We of the Duffle, because it means the development of a constitutional conscience in the people, the hope of Russia is generally supposed to centre. The constitutional principle is, in some sort, again to be asserted. The elections are to take place on about January 25th and February 18th, for primaries and secondaries. By all accounts, matters have been much quieter in the empire in the last few months than they have for a long time past, Russia has had another chequered year in that which is now drawing to a close, and one can only hope that, after so tragic a day, in the evening there may be light. Assassinations have continued. We recall with sympathy that the present Premier, M. Stolypin, lost two children in the bomb outrage which in August killed thirty persons and injured fifty more. The infection of revolution this year spread to army and navy— Sebastopol, Poltava, and Kronstadt—and the year, we cannot forget, has been the year of pogroms. It has seen tors of thousands of Jews fleeieg from Warsaw in panic for their lives. We may hope with the New Year that Russia will start a cleaner page. Another dissolution of the Duma might be a terrible thing. As the Prime Minister told the delegates of the Inter Parliamentary Union at Westminster: " The Dame, is dead—long live the alma I "

The admirable enterprise of THE SLEEPING the German Government in SICKNESS, sending a medical expedit- tion headed by Professor Koch, the eminent scientist, to Africa to investi gate the cause of and endeavour to find a cure for the terrible sleeping sickness which has been devastating German East Africa and the adjacent country has been rewarded substantially. Dr. Koch has been able to send to the Imperial Department of Health at Berlin a report in which he announces the discovery of a treatment which at any rate, has been attended by most favour- able results. The Professor has been at work with a serum—which he calls atoxyl—since the I beginning of July. The injection of the serum,he discovered in that month, gave relief to the natives affected with the sickness within six hours. He continued his experiments and treatment, and so ranch was the relief appreciated that the natives have been flocking to his camp ever since in [ multitudes. Dr. Koch aud his assistants treated 800 in Ufa first week of November, and then had 12,000 more awaiting treatment. It was impos- sible to cope with all appeals for medical aid. Dr. Koch is keeping several hundred severe cases under observation for somo months to make sure that no relapse takes place after the atoxyl treatment. The great promise of this report is the more welcome in Eogland because Dr. Koch acknow- ledges that his success has been largely due to the investigations of two Englishmen, Drs. Gray and Grieg.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
.....,:y- .. -:,7'l' '''..‘•' '.:.;' ' .4'-i-7-.:1-,.... - -7 :i1,;.::,..;.. ~.:.,

- `•-• „ ; • I 0 "•4 • •• • • ; 5-• • A 0 • "0• 00. • ; • "Z;;; ••••• .1; 40 • ..••• 53' •

===== 0002601_19061229_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
I

The Town Clerk has this week issued the Corpora- ! tion year book for 1907. It is, as usual, replete with I municipal and general local information and is pre- I faced with a portrait of the Mayor, Alderman ' Smethurst. This latter hardly comes up to the standard of previous years, and apparently His I Worship is unable to wear his most natural expression in front of the camera. • * * The c' Heathens" are evidently hard to please. When the Corporation instituted the charge of a half- penny for the distance covered by their tram service in the village ue heard wild murmurings and threats of a boycott. This week when the heavy -fall of snow disorganized the service and the cars ran only tol Stafford-road they grumbled because they could not pay the extra fare and have the full ride. Truly some people are never satisfied. ** * • What a God-s.a.iail the snowfall of Christmas night must have been to the unemployed! Manchester and Liverpool between them probably employed 4,000 men in getting rid of the snow and spent close on 0,000. This is something like a relief grant, but if it had been voluntarily given to the workless as a Christmas donation what would the ratepaprs and the Local Government Board have to say? The snow is to be thanked for driving hunger away from many a door. * * * The general opinion locally was that the 'Tramways and Highways Committees have not risen to the occasion in dealing with the snowfall. Only half hearted attempts were made at clearing the streets, and the state of the tramway track shows a distinct want of enterprise on the part of those in authority. Many a a pound must have been lost in fares missed oiving to the disorganised service, and the money might iust as well have been earned by the unemployed in clearing the lines.

* Good fortune does occasionally come to• those who -are sorely in need of it. A great Christmas lottery for a prize of S:40,000 has been won by the Evora Workhouse inmates. All the paupers, numbering 1,000, clubbed together, each paving 6d., and bought a whole ticket with the result that each has won 5.•40. The Workhouse is now deserted, all the former inmates having • left. Their departure was made the occasion of great rejoicing, a farewell banquet being given, at which everyone drank champagne.

* * The snowfall on Christmas night was a good omen for the unemployed, particularly of Manchester and Liverpool. They saw in it the certainty of a few shillings, and straightway turned out into the bitter weather to earn them while all the rest of the city was making merry. By midnight the wayfarer at that hour found the streets empty of all but these silent groups of sweepers, themselves coated thick with snow. As soon as snow begins to fall the unemployed make their way to the police yard, so as to be " on the job." Before the snow had been coming down an hour on Tuesday there was a crowd of men applying for work, and very soon some 500 of thein were plying the shovel and brush in the central parts of the city. The men work in gangs of twenty, a foreman to each gang; they earn 54. an hour, and they work in shifts of six hours. "Jolly 'ard work, try)," said an old sweeper in Albert-square tl a sympathiser, " and little enough for it. Well, it's better nor nowt, and it's no use, a-stoppin' at 'ome to reiice when there's

nowt to rejice on."

o co , Medical practitioners seem to be agreed (Writes a pharmaceutical chemist in the ' Manchester Guardian ") that the staple remedy for influenza is quinine. Taken in doses of one grain three times a day before the attack has become too severe, this drug seems to enable the victim to throw off the disease. It does not seem so very-long since quinine was worth nearly £1 an ounce, while to-day the same quantity can be bought for less than Is. The reasons for this great drop in price, and the story of quinine, are not without interest and even a little romance. The buying and selling of quinine are often attended by as much excitement as the buying and selling of gold shares. Quinine is a speculative article,ancl hundreds Of thousands of ounces sometimes change hands in the course of a day with a difference between buying and selling prices of 1-161. to id. of an ounce, Of late, however, speculators have fought shy of this i.' market, and a few weeks ago the record price of 71d. , Per ounce was reached—of course for very large ',. quantities. * * * _ ' As for "dissolving the House of Lords," says the : "Daily News," the thing cannot be done legally. - What is dissolved at a dissolation is Parliament —both ,(''' Houses, and the only " constitutional way of getting rid of the House of Lords" that we know of is passing a Bill of Abolition through all its stages in both Houses, and obtaining the Royal assent thereto—unless a long succession of Ministries embrace the policy of creating no new peers and waiting until all the exist- ing peerages lapse in default of heirs ,• which would take time. The ways of getting the House of Lords . to agree to its own reform or to abolition are two: . (1) Catching the members individually and placing i,•. them under the influence of a hypnotic suggestion to T the desired effect;. and (2) conferring peerages of the United Kingdom upon a number of reformers or abolishers siaciently large to create a majority in the House for the desired policy. This plan was very nearly put into practice in order to bring about the passage of the great Reform Bill, but the Lords gave in at the eleventh hour and the fifty-ninth minute.

1 az , t4F, i,FA.• :•it.:; . .. „ , 11 . : ... :: , .. i , , , ...o :-.., 1 llaf

===== 0002601_19061229_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Ngvf YEAR'S GIFTS. W. T. WILLIAMS.

SPLENDID COLLECTION OF (moron Aim 179grI7t'ARTT4111,1“. FUR% BLOUBES, fitOVßi. FAV7Y 139X30 HANDKERCHIEFS &a. WHITE HOUSE, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON

RESCUED FROM CHOKM BY LIG-NA

9. Newland' it., Bverton, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Dear S f re,

I feel eompellal to let you know the great benefit I have derived Tram the up' of your TAG-Vt. I have for s!X months suffered from Wind in the Throat till at times T have felt almost choking until I at last was ateata to eat the simplest fond. Seeing your LICI-N& adverttsei so largely, I got a shilling bottle end the first dose flare me instant relief and nal now eurei although I hive not yet fintthei the one bottle. - -•

Yours gratefully, (Signer]) A. M. HARRIS. This is movi proof whit ctn d. C 1999 n! Wln LIG-NA etanis encrema. i GIVMS INiTANT RELISF. Thousands can testify to this. MIT Inr your- self It wets you nothing. Send Polt Caret for liberal FRII ?AMPLE tc 24, Bllanq WV.. LINTRRpIor, Lie-na can always be had at BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, PRICN: 1.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Town Council. The Council Meeting fixed for Tuesday next has been postponed until Tuesday the Bth prox. Personal. - We are pleased to hear that Mr. Luke Talbot, Chief Constable, is progressing most favourably and is out of danger. Popular Penny Concerts. A crowded audience assembled in Bold-street, Wesleyan schoolroom on Saturday evening when an excellent programme was given at the weekly popular concert. A good display of animated pictures was thoroughly enjoyed. Songs were rendered in an able manner by Mrs. Nurse and Messrs. P. Smith and J. Willett. Master Nurse caused much amusement with the humorous song " I'm tired." UNDER THE CLOCK for Good BOOTS. Advt.— Accident at Market-Gate. Considerable excitement was occasioned at Market- gate on Sunday afternoon when two motor cars had p, narrow escape from a collision. One car had pro- ceeded up Bridge-steet and had turned into Sankey- street when another car came up Buttermarket-street and turned into Bridge-street. Anxious to avoid a collision, one of the drivers turned his machine round suddenly with the result that it crashed into the shop of Messrs. Boots, chemists, smashing the woodwork. - ...Portunately none of the occupants of the car were 1 . injured. . A Long Tramp. . On Monday, Edward Arthur Stanley, who is walk- ing round the world for the " San Francisco Examiner," reported himself at the Warrington Police Office. He had that day arrived from York and was on his way to Liverpool. • He has i four years allowed n which to walk 650,000 miles, and expects to finish his task four months inside that period, which ends on March 4th, 1908. From Liverpool Stanley goes to London, and from there will sail to New York. He then has a walk of 3,291 miles. So far be has had excellent health and is in first class condition.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Eisteddfod. This interesting annual event will take place on New Year's Day (Tuesday). In the afternoon the childrens' choir and the Church or Chapel choir con- tests, will be held whilst in the evening the Male Voice Choir and the individual competitions will be decided.

NEW YEAR'S GIFTS in large variety, see windows.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. General Buller's Visit. The visit of Sir Redvers Bnller, V.C., to Warrington to perform the ceremony of unveiling the memorial to fallen soldiers, has been definitely fixed for February 21st. As we stated last week, it was the desire of the committee to arrange the function for February 28th, as that is the anniversary of the relief of Ladysmith, but the date was inconvenient to Sir Redvers. As the selected date is a Thursday, it will doubtless be a most suitable one for the townspeople. •

_ NEW YEAR'S GIFTS in _ large variety,- see windows.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt. Warrington Male Voice Choir's Success. The members of the Warrington Male Voice Choir are to be complimented upon a highly creditable success at Chester Christmas Eisteddfod. Competing in the choral contest for male voices they secured the first prize of 2,15 and a silver-mounted baton. Mr W. S. Nesbit was their conductor. The other corn- peting choirs were Liverpool St. Cecilia, and Chester United Brython. The test piece was "On the ramparts " (Saintis), and in making his award the Adjudicator (Mr.' Williams, of Carnarvon) referred to his own experience in training choirs for that particular piece, and said the Warrington choir had realized what he himself land endeavoured to obtain. There was a splendid blend of voices and the quality was good, especially in the tenors. The soloists (Hr. C Trin, tenor, and Mr. Spruce, bass) both sang exceedingly well. PUBLIC BENEFIT.—IINDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. N.S.P CC. Ball. • The annual hall in aid a the funds of the Warring- ton Branch of the N.S.P.C.C. was held at the Lion Hotel on Thursday evening, and was a great success Commencing at nine o'clock dancing was kept up until a late hour, and as the room had been specially and prettily decorated for the occasion by ladies,under the direction of Mrs. Peter Rylands, an animated and attractive spectacle was presented. The music was supplied by the well-known Vetters' band and those present, who numbered about 150, spent-a highly enjoyable time. The catering was in the capable hands of Mr. John Lee. The success of the function was in no small measure due to the work of the corn- tnittee, consisting of Mrs. Watkin, 'mum, Mrs. H. Greenall, Mr. Peter Rylands' Mrs.- i,Vilde and Mrs. Stevenson, with Mrs. Frost ashon. sec. , PUBLIC BENEFIT, TINDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt.

Funeral of the Late Mr. F. Lawton. Tae funeral of the late Mr. F. Lawton, Swan Hotel, Winwick, took place at the Warrington Cemetery on Saturday. Mr. Lawton, who was 29 years of age, was one of the clerks employed in the offices of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company, Ltd., and was highly popular. The circumstances of the case were peculiarly distressing as a house had been taken, the furniture bought and all arrangements made ' for Mr. Lawton's wedding to Miss Woods, of Cobden- street, Orford-lane, which should have taken place on Sunday. The principal mourners on Saturday were Mr. George Beard (step-father), Mr. F. Norman and Mr. F. Dooley (brothers-in-lftw), Mr. J. Lawton (cousin), Mr. Thomas Lawton (grandfather), Mr. A. Lawton', of New Brighton (cousin), Mr. F. Lowe (uncle), Mr. W. Woods, Mr. Arthur Jones, Mr. W. Payne, Mr. 11. Cosgrove, Mr. R. Jolley and Mr. F. Brach, the two latter representing the Winwick Social Club of which the deceased had been a member. The Bewsey office staff of Messrs. Pearson and Knowles attended in large large numbers, eight of them namely, Messrs F. Mclntyre, F. Fieldhouse, J. A. Brooks, J. Cot, A. Robertson, J. McKenzie, J. Pharaoh, and J. Potter, acting as bearers. Others from the works included Messrs. P. C. Price, Walter Wood, A. Smith, C. Skinner, V. Mather, James Pharoah, and R. G. Finney. The funeral service in the chapel and at the graveside was read by the Rev. James Davies. The wreaths included one from the Bewsey Office Staff. A letter full of sympathy to the family and kind refer- ences to the work of the deceased at the offices has been received from Mr. James Dodds.

Nicw YEAR'S Girrs in large variety', see windows.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt. Local wedding. There was a pretty wedding at St. Mary's Church, Great Sinkey, on Thursday, the contracting parties being Miss Annie Sumrnerfteld, daughter of Mr. James Surnmerfield, 240, Liverpool-road, Sankey Bridges, and Mr. Henry Meadows, clerk of works, Prince Consort-road,South Kensington, London, and son of the late Mr. George Meadows, of Banbury. The bride is very well known in the district being a member of Sankey Church choir. The Rev. J. R.,Jones (vicar), officiated. The bride was becomingly dressed in biscuit cloth, with petunia hat, and carried a shower bouquet of chrysanthemums and lilies of the valley. The bridesmaids were Miss Kate Meadows (sister of the bridegroom) and Miss • Horsfield, of Fleet- wood, who wore blue cloth dresses with hats to match. The bride was also attended by two little girls. —Miss May Summerfield (sister of the bride) and Miss Green, of Wavertree whose dresses were of white velvet with muffs and hats to match. . Mr. Thomas Summerfield (brother of the bride) dis- charged the duties of best man. After the ceremony a reception was held at the Winmarleigh Cafe, a large number of guests attending. Later the newly married couple left for Southport where the honeymoon is being spent, The bride's travelling costume was of blue cloth, with sable hat. Many presents were received, including a family Bible from the Vicar of Sankey. LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. Death of Mrs. George Hearne. The death took place at Grappenhall on Saturday of Marguerite Alice, wife of Mr. M. G. Hearne, of the Inland Revenue, after a short illnaSs of little over a week: An attack of acute bronchitis brought on heart failure and accelerated the end. The deceased lady daughter of the late Mr. Charles Sudlow) was held in the highest esteem by a larg3 circle of friends, and respect was universally shown. in the neighbour- hood of Grappenhall as the funeral cortege passed. Cut off in the flower of life, her loss is bitterly felt, more especially as -two little boys of very tender age a-e left. Much sympathy is felt for Mr. Hearne in his sad bereavement.— Amongst those present at the Cemetery to pay a last tribute of respect were Messrs. J. Sudlow, brother ; B. Shearer and T. Sudlow, uncles ; R. Lockerbie, J.D. Leigh, F. Walker, brothers-in-law ; J. Sudlow and W. H. Bellian, cousins ; C. E. B. Sutton, E. J. Sutton EL Sutton, nephews ; Dr. G. Braide, Messrs. J. Smith, F. Kerfoot, G. Howard, W. C. Litton and S.Aulttland ; R. Price and J. W. Turner representing the Warring- ton Catholic Dramatic Society, W. Kilduff and repre- sentatives from the Inland Revenue Department, as well as many lady friends of the deceased The last impressive prayers were said by the Rev. Father Marrs, of St. Mary's, *Latchford, and the Rev. J. P. Whittle, an old and dear friend of the deceased. Many beauti- ful wreaths were sent, including a large Celtic harp with cut strings from her husband, and also from the little ones ; from Godfrey and Mother (Dublin), Robert and Tissa, John and Polly,. Frank and May, Ted and Sarah, Uncle Basil and Aunt Mary, Nellie • and Joe, Willie and Agnes, the family of the late Peter Leigh, Mr. and Mrs. Pdrkhouse, Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Bead, Mr. J. Bate, a large floral tribute from the officials of the Inland Revenue, Mr. and Mrs. Litton, Mr. and Mrs. G. Howard, "Maggie," Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Crofts, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Duckworth Mr. and Mrs. F. Kerfoot,Mr. E. J. Sutton, Mr. and Mrsi . J. Smith.

NEW YEAR'S GIFTS in large variety, see windows.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge et., Warrington.— Advt.

The Examiner, Saturday, December 29, 1906.

One of the most important undertakines launched eleven had the honour of capturing the championship during the year has been the enlargement of the Inflr- of the second division of the League. A new feature mart which has been rendered absolutely necessary by inaugurated last season was the Works Competition, the heavy and ever-increasing demands upon the accom- which proved exceedingly popular. In the final Pearson modation. At their annual meeting on March 22ad, the and Knowles were victorious over Walker's, while the Governors decided upon a scheme for the erection of batting and bowling prizes went to A. Duckworth and an additional block at a cost of £15,000 and a public J. Ward respectively. A notable event in amateur appeal was issued. The response up-to-date has been athletics was the victory of C. J. Straw, of Warrinaton, generous, over £lO,OOO having been subscribed. A great who at Haydock Park on March 3rd won the National popular effort on behalf of the fund took the form of a Cross Country Ten Miles Championship.. The week Cycle Parade and Carnival which was promoted by the As we stand on the threshold of another year, it is Warrington Cycling Club and took place on July following he won the International Ten 'Miles at New- 21st. Port. Previously he had secured the Northern Champion- well to take stock of the outstanding events of the One of the prettiest spectacles ever seen in Warrington ship, and was three times holder of the Junior twelve months just drawing to a close. Although in was presented andabout £4OO was raised. Championship. Warrington 1906 has not been very eventful, there recreative facilities for workpeople and during the trae, the iron maastry, on cso any of the It is always pleasing to note She provision of T.he year has witnessed ssed a welcome imprmovement in have been some happenings of more than ordinary there have been one or two interesting inhabitants depend, having been very prosperous. We importance. The dawn of the year found the Zear a departures in this direction. Oa March 22nd a country in the throes of a fierce political contest and handsomely equipped Railway Institute for the are pleased that there is every prospect of a continuance of those conditions, and we hope that the coming year in Warrington the election was one of the keenest ever employees of the London and North-Western Railway will be one of increasing progress and happiness for the known in the history of tbe borough. The great issue Company was formally opened and there is every reason ' town and its inhabitants. was that of Free Trade v. Protection, the Liberals to believe that it is being highly appreciated. The I fighting strenuously in opposition to the dangerous Recreation Club associated with Messrs. Crosfield's ..worksht continuesha Leanne June s policy propounded by Mr. Chamberlain and supported by the retiring member (Mr. Robert Pierpoint). ibt opened splendidby Mrs. J. J. Crosfield. Messrs. Rylands' Bros. Having an excellent candidate in the person of Mr. employees have also formed a recreation club which A. H. Crosfield. they entered with the greatest includes a boys' brigade. enthusiasm into the campaign, the forces being excep- The handsome new offices which Messrs. Crosfield tionally well organized. The result of the electionewhich have erected were opened on February 12th when a took place on January 15th, was that Warrington was dinner was held. Many interesting speeches were wrested from the Tory domination under which it had delivered,v riethoeffinsepse.aerkee speakers includingmost n Mir. A. Ile.arCarnonsefiaelndd lain since 1885, Mr. Crosfield .being returned by the M.P. form a distinct acquisition to imposing architecturallai features magnificent and record majority of 1,500. The of the town. On July 16th the firm's new Gre station surrounding districts also had the satisfaction of —one of the most up-to-date in the country—was sharing in the great national triumph of progressive opened. In August Messrs. Crosfield's band visited ideals, Mr. A. J. King being elected for lanutsford Calais and met with a stirring reception, being enter- division, after a most arduous campaign in this tamed right royally. discussed trade has igeneisnt circles one of theleadoirfigl'amicasr scattered constituency, by a maim ity of 709, while Sir John T. Brunner retained his seat for the Northwich vperrcirriipops?nd,,a amalgamation forces to avoid the overlapping nd unnecessary expendi- Division which he has served so devotedly, and Mr. ture which many feel result 'from having two separate J. A. Seddon (Labour) captured Newton division from organizations like the Trades and Labour Council and the Tories. Warrington Liberals had hardly ceased Labour Representation Committee. There appears to rejoicing over the victory at the General Election, he a strong opinion in favour of having one strong organization but the point has arises as to whether the when they had cause for further gratification in the I.L.P. and Co-operative Society would be eligible for gift by Mr. Frank A. Roberts, of Annesdale, Winder- membership. The whole question has been referred to mere, of the Liberal Club premises in Bewsey-street the trade union branches. which had hitherto been rented from him. War- There have not been many changes in the local rington's celebration of the signal triumph at the religious world. On January 24th the Rev. J. Collins , poll hook the form of the largest political picnic ever was inducted to the living of St. Thomas's, Stockton arranged in the town. About 3,000 members of the Heath, in succession to the Rev. H. V. Pigot, who has Rage of Grappenhall. In Paul's, received ft9v. / 9! Bracecampa the popular Vicar of St. ' various progressive organizations and friends journeyed gape to the neighbouring vi to Southport in special trains on July 14th and spent . received the offer of the important living of Christ Church, Attercliffe, Sheffield, but declined as he a highly enjoyable time at that popular resort. The Boroug Member was present and delivered a short preferred to continue his successful work here. The ' h decision gave great satisfaction to his parishioners. In address on the political situation. The Junior Liberal Association which was launched towards the end of the Wesleyan Methodist Circuit the Rev. E. J. 'Gawne last year has fully justified its existence, having held ,has taken the place of the Rev. A. U. Parker a series of interesting and profitable meetings for the who did extremely useful work at Sankey Bridges. discussion of the great topics of the day. The Pro- In June the Rev. tor ' the militant and hard-working pas Herbert & of the Baptist Church, GOlborne- tist lnico gressive Labour League, which rendered yeoman street, received a call to Kensington Chapel, Liverpool. service during the election, has organized several Feeling that he would have a much wider sphere of public meetings addressed by prominent M.P.'s. work in that city he accepted the offer. During his The year has been a busy one as far as municipal stay in Warrington the rev, gentleman had gained the matters are concerned, the Town Council having held respect of a large circle by his outspokenness on all many protracted meetings for the consideration of questions and when he preached his farewell sermon at the Parr overflowing, gall on t Jtzanciila2n4pa ntir taledrimnLwallactirnoewt.decgro much-vexed questions. The famous waterworks con- tract has again been a top.ie, of debate and has occupied Duennico received several handsome presents subscribed 'the 'the attention of a special committee. On August for by all classes. The Rev. Dr. Mercer, of St. 27th Mr. Lawson submitted his amended claim Mary's, Buttermarket-street, who had gained the affec- by which the amount was raised from £54,000 to tion of themembers of the Roman Catholic communion £72,000 and subsequently the members of the Water by his untiring work especially amongst the poor,left the Committee were appointed to the Lawson Contract town at the latter end of March to take charge of St. antits"igniThar,rilniTntnocwkasHall, honoured Preston. On Committee and given power to deal with the claim in Ilil'iliall'i • with another its entirety. Nothing further has been heard of the visit from General Warrington the" G.0.N1 "of the Salve- matter as yet. The Non-Traders have taken great tion Army. A civic welcome was accorded to this veteran exception to the policy of secrecy in regard to the worker and at a great meeting in the Parr Hall he purchase of property required by the Corporation for related" The secret of the success of the Salvation street improvements, it being alleged that purchases Army." On November 4th the Rev. John Yonge,pestor of Wycliffe Congregational Church and a pillar of Non- ' involving considerable sums had been concluded conformityminis ministry and nwas t the Warrington, ree iceonmt polfetheedarVeltthoi ortny yearsratii Iwithouethe knowledge of the Council. On Councillor !Pernberton's instigation a resolution was adopted at lations from the members of his ()emend other churches and from the Warrington Free Church Council. Mr. and the May meeting to the effect that no property be purchased without the sanction of the Council and Mrs. Yonge were also presented with a tangible token that the minutes relating to such purchases be of appreciation from the ladies of the congregation, printed on the agenda. Considerable controversy which, took the form of a beautiful silver rose bowl. A has centred round the purchase of the Merger very extensivescheme of redecoration was carried out at Works, Knutsford - road, for street widening. Wycliffe Church nclouriwnla treheosiei re-opened. r ri.tn.d ;la!? tglorceTi The Non-Trader a pointed out that the agreement and St. James's Church have also undergone redecora- under which the Corporation undeitook to purchase tion and on September 22nd the foundation stone of a had not redeived the sanction of the Council and after new vestry at St. Paul's church was laid by airs.Smethurst much discussion the Council decided to contest Messrs. On September 20th a particularly interesting conference Edelsten's claim for the enforcement of the agreement in connection with the South West Lancashire Fedora- in a Court of Law. On November 16th, however,_ tion of Free Church Cuoncils was held at Warrington, the principal p g . J. , serker being the RevJ Seot just before the action was due for hearing at Liver- pool—the Council agreed to settle and pay costs. The Lidgett, president of the National Council, whose eloquent addresses created a great impression inlTuiry into alleged corrupt practices culminated in The congregation of St. Mary's Church, Buttermarket- the prosecution of a member of the Council who street, are to be congratulated upon the completion of was convicted at the Liverpool Sessions and fined the beautiful new tower which now crowns their £lOO. In connection with the auditing of the borough stately church. A peal of eight bells has been hung in ?ientarserre Ilpisissedd by the Abbot tr accounts a question of some importance was raised at the i ftower.rti These the September meeting of the Council. It was as to A ? C.' &ran time on °October 28th. 17th gracefulan er et orwuenrg has bean e whether the Mator's auditor (Councillor Wilson) was added to Padgate Wesleyan Church, through the entitled to receive remuneration for his services, the, generosity of Mr. William Bennett, and it was dedi- Non-Traders holding that no Councillor ought to be cited on October 25th. , paid for any work done for the Corporation. A new organization came into existence on September On a division, the Council derided in favour of the 12th in the shape of the Warrington and District payment which amounted to £3O. Tho principle was Shorthand Writers' Association. Already the member- ' subsequently made the test question in the election in ship is large and interesting weekly meetings have been held. Latchford Ward, but although Councillor Wilson's Death has removed many of our most prominent and return was challenged by Mr. James Dodds, the leader respected townsmen during the year. On January 22nd of the Non-Traders, he succeeded in retaining his, Alderman T. Hutchinson who had been a member of the seat. One of the most gratifying features of the year's Council since 1882 and was for forty years associated municpal work was that in March the Council were with the local Volunteer Corps, passed away. The able to reduce the rates of the borough to the extent death took place on February 9th of Mr. H. B. White 'of 4d. in the £, making the amount payable 7s. 4d. s Borough Marristrates' Clerk from 1869 to IwohOol acted on February 14 tli Nit Robert lobso f A new departure was made by the Gas Committee, Mr. George one Warrington's oldest iradesmen.,passed away.' who in March instructed the Gas Engineer to let the Watkins, for many years manager of the Conservative waste ground adjoining the Longford gas works to Club, died on March 26th, and Mr. Joseph Shaw, who Corporation employees for the purpose of garden allot- was Warrington's oldest tradesman and could• recount ments. The experiment has proved popular, the many interesting reminiscences of bye-gone times, died gardens being well cultivated and made quite attrac- on April Bth. The obituary during this month included tire. Alderman Bolton's three years' mayoralty came ITl.,lr.'lTbehrt Cook, an old Co-operator, and Mr. Alfred to a close in November, and the Council by a awaya nIP on May Silt oha and d Soanm itoismonirtheoxf-Ctrencs'ailmloor, passedinont unanimous vote conferred this high honour upon e the death occurred of Mr. J. Christmas Thompson, who Alderman James Smethurst, one of its most active was eminent in the world of art and for many years and useful members. The selection met with the acted as headmaster of the School of Art, Sir Luke general approval of the townspeople, and there was Fildes being one of his pupils. On May 17th Mr. an exceptionally large attendance on the occasion of Robert Evans, an accomplished musician, and a former the Mayor's official visit to St. Paul's Church. organist of Holy Trinity Church, passed away. Clrappenhall sustained a loss on June 11th by the death Comparatively little has been heard during the of Mr. John Smith who represented the parish on 'the year with reference to the proposed widening of Runcorn Rural District Council. Dr. Kisby, an 1 Warrington Bridge—an improvement which is most enthusiastic musician and a keen spertsruan, died on urgent. Latterly a scheme has been suggested for June sth, and on the 13th of the same month the town the erection of three new bridges on the ferro-con- suffered another loss by the death of Alderman crete principle which, it is claimed, is very much eJaoheleim/obenrtrs, f his"dev7thed ww•giqk cnhniefilTehkar onf and 'cheaper than the methods hitherto employed. One t Infirmary, having been Chairman of the Workingmen's bridge would take the place of the present Warring- Committee from its formation. During July the deaths ton Bridge, another would connect Howley and were recorded of Mr. John Robinson, of Benmey, Mr. Latchford, and' the third would span the river at William Brookes, Mr. Matthew Tongue, Mr. Samuel Walt ei and thus form a means of opening out Arpley Aukland, and Mr. Joseph HiLilies,Latchford. A profound meadows. However, nothing definite has been done sensation was created in the town on August 27th by the with regard to this project as yet. , tragically sudden'end at Douglas the previous day of Mr. The Education Committee has pursued its work Heury Taylor, whose splendid work amongst the poor quietly but none the less diligently. The chief event as preirceocfouilmifsesiiloonwartyn,lvinads eeantaredohniLtoasat great of the year has been the erection of the Beamont Mr James Charles, the well-known artist, who was a Council schools which are now rapidly nearing corn- native of Warrington, passed away at Denbigh. War- pletion. The memorial stone was laid on February rington people in common with those of many other 14th by the Mayor (Alderman Bolton) and the function towns heard with regret of .the death on September sth marked an interesting stage in educational develop- of His Honour Judge Bowen Rowlonds, K.C., the Judge ments locally, this being the first school to be provided of the No. a7l3(Ci otuhnet LCuini 01, good Circuit. tiln offuer, ,waansd awtash o r omuogslit by the ratepayers. The buildings are handsome and gentlemen considerate to all who had to appear before up-to-date and will accommodate 1,080 scholars. The him. On September 30th, Dr. Brabazon, J.P., one appointment of the headmaster of the school has of the most respected inhabitants of Lyrum, aroused considerable discontent in the town,especially passed away. Warrington lost its oldest inhabi- among the members of the teaching profession, local taut on October 11th by the death of Mr. applicants being passed over and the post being con- James Marsh who was nilety-eight years of age and could ferred upon Mr William Mason, of Eccles. The Corn-' reriptriiiiebe jrutehewleelnebtrhaetioolndssotafgethceoaveteestorr--rto '' froWmate‘r.&oro. mittee has taken a decided step forward in making and iington. Mr. R. W. Rowson died on October 13th, Mr. arrangements for the teaching of swimming to the Samuel Dunbobbin, an ardent Co-operator on October elementary school children who now attend the 118th and another familiar figure was removed on October Corporation baths free of charge. An important ' 21st in the person of Mr. Francis Dixon, one of the question came up for decision at the last meeting of oldest Wesleyans in Warrington. On November Ist the the committee, in consequence of the refusal of the death occurred of Mr. Peter Bate, on November 11th of Board of Education to allow fees to be charged at the , Mr. Alfred Wood a.nd on November 13th of Mr. George Smith who had long been associated with the Warring- 1 F Beamont school. The Finance Committee recom- ' ton ootb all Club. Councillor Walter Brough, who was , mended that the fees at all the sch eels should be a supporter of all good causes and rendered untiring , abolished but after a long debate the, proposal ! services to the Wesleyan and other Free Churches, was defeated by a large majority.. passed away on November 22nd. Not many matters of importance have occupied the In succession to the late Judge Bowen Rowlands, ! attention of the Board of Guardians. AT? alteration IK.C:, theCounty_Cro3rtstrdgsesship e Will ofarcisivitoNtoo.o'fk washia i in the medical arrangements was the subject of many seat conferredatt 11130 a M W upon County Court for. the &et time I lorT and heated discussions, ing,nd eventually it was , ! on October llth.He was the recipient of warm cougratula- ! decided to appoint a resident medical officer. The tious from the members of the bar and in responding appointment was conferred upon Dr. T. E Fiitcroft , paid a very high tribute to his eredecessor. , , who recently commenced the duties. • I That fruitful source of litigation—the dredging of i The work of the Beautiful Warrington Society has the Mersey by the Manchester Ship Canal Company—has made gratifying progress, as the display of window' not been quite as much to the fore this year. In April : ' boxes and hanging baskets in the streets during the the iC,ourt of Afpptrel hoaldatlhaLthmernen was an obligation summer months has testified The smoke nuisance has PobsttrencPtlottns from the river channel. At the June still to be grappled with —although in some instances Council meeting it was stated that the amount paid by notable improvements have been achieved —but the the Corporation in respect of the action up to that date Society are hopeful that in the near future scientific was £8,060. methods will be discovered to enable all manufacturers . In the sporting world there has not been much of to reduce to a minimum if not to entirely abolish the moment to record. The Warrington Rugby Football output of smoke from their works. On September Ist Club had to celebrate the winning for then second year in.l the Society held its first horticultural show in the succession of pfttehaemLsencat tskeirisirCaomtebairanari 12C, th:illin !,)100,1illtsholr 1 Parr Hall and the success of the venture was most tlyie ordinary, being beaten in the first round of the encouraging. There is a prospect that the work of Northern Union cup-ties by Batley. This season they beautification will sOCIII be pursued on much more succeeded in reaching the final for the new Lancashire extended lines for,on the Society initiative, a scheme Cup but had the misfortune to be defeated by for the establishment of garden suburbs was placed Broughton Rangers,an accident to their most prominent before the townspeople at a meeting held at the Town Player—Fish—being perhaps the chief cause of reverse. i Hall a few weeks ago and was enthusiastically viviacrrricnlgretton circles failurerls mlitcoh ndaipstaupg,oitnit;emeLstv. was at received. It is proposed to form a company with a Cup, a defeat at Earlestown depriving them of that capital of £lO,OOO and the venture will be watched trophy, although they played uncommonly well in other with great interest. League matches. The cup went to Earlestown who certainly worked hard for it. The Warrington second

===== 0002601_19061229_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER &

PRINTING OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS. IN ALL ITS BRANCHES.

PROSPECTUSES.. PROGRAMMES. RULES BOOKS. RECEIPT BOOKS. REPORTS. SHOW CARDS. SUBSCRIPTION LISTS.

EXAMINE OFFICE, B3WSBY STET WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19061229_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
A CHAPTER OF LOCAL HISTORY.

Review of the Year 1906

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

Non-Trading. - Reply to Mr. C. E. Parker. BURNING FATALITY. , Sir,—Kindly permit me to reply as briefly as possible Mr. F. A. Jones, deputy county coaoner, held an to one or two points in Mr. Parker's letter. Let me inquest at the Earlestown Town Hall, last Thursday thank him first for making the political situation a afternoon, relative to the death of John Winde:s, three little clearer. Although he cannot and will not give years of age, son of Mr. John Winders, coal dealer, 267, any pledge on behalf of the Liberal Party he now says : Crow-lane West, Earlestown, who died on Wednesday "If Liberals approve of the objects and methods of the morning from the effects of burns received on Monday Non-Traders they are perfectly justified in supporting morning.—Mary Jane Winders, aunt to deceased, stated them." Of course everyone knows that and yet strange that she got up and made the fire on Monday morning. to say, it was not considered a correct and rational Deceased got up about nine o'clock. The fire irons, attitude during the contest in Latchford Ward. If the owing to the illness of the child's mother, had not been leaders and officials of both parties had then expressed put down on the Sunday and on Monday morning were and acted upon it this most unpleasant controversy under the sofa. Witness went into the ya.l, and on would in my opinion have been avoided. Mr. Parker returning met deceased coming to meet her. His clothes goes on to say, "The Liberal party will buy. were on fire. Deceased had a nightgown of flannelette. no political support by giving support in return," and —The Coroner: You may as well surround a child says it would be a form of i mmoral trading. It with matches and put oil around. Do you read the is difficult to treat such arguments seriously. I am I s papers? Witness : No.—The Coroner : You can road? sure Mr. Parker is aware that in the lobbies and Yes.—Have your heard how dangerous flannelette is committee rooms of the House of Commons there is a constant exchange of messages and frequent informal for chiidren ? Yes.—You had heard it ? Yes.—Your , sister-in-law knew ? Yes.—Can you not afford ply- thing better ?—You knew it was dangerous ? It is conferences between leaders of parties and seqtions of parties for the purpose of avoiding confusion, co-oper- dangerous stuff.—The Coroner : You are quite right sting and compromising when possible and arranging —The Coroner said the heat alone VMS enough to set conditions of support on certain questions. Slow and flannelette on fire without actual coutact.—A verdict of unsatisfactory as legislation is, it would be more so, " Aceidenal death" was returned. if these conciliatory efforts were neglected. There can , be no harm in it so long as there is no sacrifice of 1 DEATH OF MRS. STONE. principles and the leaders referred to would be rather ' There was widespread regret last week at the Newton surprised is they were told it was buying support and "a form of immoral trading." Mr. Parker referring to end of the township and in Winwick at the death of the venerable old lady who has for so long resided at ' the expressed object of the Non-Traders says "he Newton Park. The late Mrs. T. Stone, who was in her showed that such restrietions would inevitably result 39th year, was reputed to be the oldest inhabitant of in a loss to the borough." He did nothing of the kind. He simply made a statement td that effect, and I asked Newton. She was not widely known to the present generation in person, but through her kindness and for instances and particulars. When those who oppose generosity to the deserving poor she will ever be the Non-Traders can produce any evidence which bears remembered with love and affection. The boys of the out that statement they will not be slow to do so. adjacent Farm School always found a warm corner in Until such time arrives I must say " not proven." . I her heart, and as long as she was able she made com- Let us now tern to Mr. Parker.s more excellent way forts for them in the winter time, and in other ways which he fears the Non-Traders will scout. I can only proved a kind friend. Mrs. Stone was the widow of say I have not seen any disposition on the part of Non- Traders to scout anything without a fair and impartial the Irate Mr. T. Stone, contractor, who in the early days of Earlestown's rise carried out many of the then examination. lam sorry to sorry to see there is as yet important works of public improve at, and erected no disposition on Mr. Parker's part to adopt a less me the Sankey Sugar Works. Mrs. Stone's sons have long prejudiced attitude towards them. But I will at least been well known and highly esteemed residents, Mr. give him credit for good intentions. Unfortunately, Robert and Mr. Walter having resided at Newton Park, there is a paradox which impresses us in almost every c which they still occupy, for many years. The deceased chapter of history, that men of good intentions have lady had a stroke a few weeks aeo, from which she rallied despite her great age, but done an incalculable amount of harm in the world. In countless instances they have been morally responsible b' died on Tuesday morning. The funeral took place on Friday at Winwick for the most revolting cruelties, the most relentless and Church amid manifestations Of regret treal Melly old inhuman persecution, for the blood of martyrs and friends and relatives, the tears of orphans. Let us turn the search- i light of reason on these good intentions. I . Let - us rather consider whether E. fitriCt i adherence to fixed principles of equity and justice, a 1-7 stern sense of public duty, and a wider recognitibn of ' it individual responsibility are not more likely to produce ... the greatest good for the greatest number. I are not .—.— -- , one of those who deride sentiment. It has its place HIS IDEA OF ENJOYMENT . and is an important factor both in public and in private Herbert Jackson, of Hoole, Bank-street, Si.. Helens, life, but very few practical business men will contend enjoyed Christmas Day, not wisely but two well, for that sentiment should override common sense in the about ten o'clock at night he was found conducting conduct of public business, that public servants should himself in a very hilarious fashion in College-strett, be allowed to set aside some of the most approved snowballing everybody that went by. Finally in the safeguards and ignore established rules of procedure, presence of Police-constable Anders, he jumped on the Does Mr. Parker think they should be allowed to act as frame of a simblind at the shop of Mr. James Marr, and though they were the masters and the public were the completely wrecked it. Jackson was on Wednesday servants ? .1 do not know how far Mr. Parker is justi- . morning ordered by the magistrates to pay las. for his fled in charging any Non Traders with pursuing a frolic. policy of suspicion and distrust, but assuming for the sake of argument that there is sometimes an ST. HELENS VOLUNTEER CHRISTMAS PRIZES. appearance of it, are not certain aldermen, coun- ; Prizes to the value of about £4O were on Saturday cillors or officials, who pursue a policy of secrecy night distributed to the winners in the Christmas prize to blame for it? This complaint about secrecy h" , shooting corapetions of the St. Helens Volunteers. The been made many times in the Council and more or less prizes had been shot for on the miniature range at head- reported by the Press. Let me mention one instance quarters, distance fifty yards, with Service rifles fitted reported in your issue of September 9th, 1903. with adapters, the distance being equivalent to SOO Alderman Pierpoint said : "This policy of secretive- yards in the open. In the absence through illness of mass was going to do the town no good. It had done it Colonel Richard Pilkington' C. 8., the commanding no good in the past, and it would do no good in the officer, the prizes were distributed by Colonel W. future. Let them be honest and staightforward, give Johnson Cook, who was assisted by Colonel R. W. El. the documents asked for and if that was done all their Thomas, Captain and Adjutant Oakeley, Captain and difficulties would be at an end. It was only this policy Qaartermaster Whitfleld, Lieutenants Poole, Stuart, 'of keeping something batik that made people think Cook, and Sergeant-Major E. Doolan. Corporal Smith, that something was behind that ought not to be kept took first prize with 39 out of 10, and Lieutenant back." Later on he said, 'it would be better to get rid Wilcocks, Sergeant A. Hartley, and Private C. Norbury of the policy of hiding things." This was the expres- tied for second place with 37. The total number of sion of an experienced man of business and a gentle- prizes was 120. man who has taken a prominent part in the , government of the town for many years. Does anyone ; ST. HELENS STREET ACCIDENT. doubt that he must have' had strong reasons for ' A serious accident occurred in Church-street, St. , such an indignant protest ? On the same occasion Helens, on Saturday evening. to Henry Heath, who was Alderman Tinnion said "he thought that all this driving a landau belong to Mr. F. Roden, of fraydock- secrecy was a mistake." Such expressions as these street. It, anpears that Heath was driving a Mr. and should be reprinted and used at every election. Nine- Mrs. Harrison, of Bury, end their two children from the tenths of the electors will agree with Alderman Pier- station, and when proceeding along Church-street, he point that when a policy of secrecy is pursued on one attempted to pass a spring cart that was travelling in side it must cause a feeling of suspicion in the other, the same direction near the Parish Church: when the Abandon the secrecy and the suspicion ‘N ill vanish. Mr. landah was run into by an electric tram, in charge of Parker suggests that we should say " well done" when Thomas Kavanagh. The collision was a very, violent we know that in Some cases things are not well done, one, and the cab was knocked over, and Heath thrown and when in other cases we are kept so much in the on to the footpath, with the result that his left thigh dark that. we cannot judge whether things are well was badly smashed. He was taken into Dr. Jackson's done or not. Mr. Parker and some others who oppose surgery close by and attended to, afterwards being con- Non-Traders are masters and employers. Do they veyed to the Providence Hospital. Mr. and Mrs. tolerate and excuse in their managers and officials what Harrison and children most fortunately escaped with a they apparently expect Non-Traders to tolerate in the severe shaking, and they were able to proceed on foot transaction of public business ? Do they submit if large to the residence of the friends whom they had arranged sums are spent without their knowledge and to visit for the Christmas holidays. consent? Do they say "All light " if their , BABY ABANDONED. officials refuse information about the business If not, why not? Can there possibly be a , MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR AT ST, HELENS. new standard of ethics which allows public men to be I An extraordinary discovery was made at ten minutes less particular about public money and the method of to ten on Christmas night in the vestibule of the house conducting public business, than they are about their of Mr. Frank Prole, a collier,of 52,Fisher-street,Sutton, own affairs ? If there is such a standard let someone St. Helens, where a baby of two weeks old was found. make an experiment with it. Try it in Whitecross Evidently the infant had been abandoned by someone Ward. Say to the electors "as your representative I who had come out in the blinding snow for the purpose. shall endeavour to be agreeable and dignified with It'apnears that all the houses in Fisher-street have everybody. If there are any complaints to be made or vestibules, bht this house, which is at the end of the any unpleasant duties to perform, I shall leave them street, was the only one which at the time had the front for some else to do. Whatever the rates may be, or door open. At the time stated, the family heard the whatever extravagance may come under my notice I child crying, and, on going to the door were surprised am sure you will not expect me to hurt anyone's feel- to find a large bundle containing a well-developed lugs. I believe in economy and municipal purity of healthy child. It was wrapped up in a blanket, and was course. We all do, but you. see, the time is not ripe well clothed. Alongside the child was a brown paper for action and we should inquire and discuss what parcel containing it complete change of clothing for the would bathe most correct and dignified method of pro- baby. On its breast was a feeding-bottle of milk. cedure. We mist hive peace at all costs. Never shall There were no marks on the baby's clothiug to reveal it be said that I have disturbed the harmony of the its identity. Fisher-street is a cul-de-sac, and running Council by asking disagreeable questions. If corn- by the end of Mr. Prowle's house is a passage which mittees or officials decline to give information, you leads off in all directtons. It is surmised that the may depend they have a good reason, and we should mother or person who had deposited the child in the respectfully Submit." Will anyone in the dignified vestibule remained in sight until she knew that the party or amongst their friends adopt this suggestion ? child had been found and then disappeared. A search Let me in conclusion urge upon ratepayers every- was made by the people of the house, and a a omen's where,both in and outside the borough, to consider the footprints were traced in the snow, hut, before proceed- desirability of demanding from their representatives ing very far all trace lost, and the identity of the child and local authorities an Annual Budget, a detailed is thus a complete mystery. estimate of the probable income and probable expendi- ture, for the coming year. This should be compared , CHRISTMAS AT ST. HELENS. overy year with the actual receipts and expen.eiture. i NEW GLA.SSWORKS ENTERPRISE. Above all they should insist upon everything being put Christmas Day passed off in _a quiet and orderly •• • tented the most .. . __

in plain langu'hge. This will be found efre'ethal means of checking random schemes and reckless purchuses.—Yours

W. CHRTNIES.

679, Tio.utsford-road, Latchford.

Death of Mr. R. Henry. Many Warringtonians will hear with regret of the death of Hr. Robert Henry which took place at Liver- pool on Christmas day. Mr. Henry was the second son of the late Mr. James Henry of Wildersixml, and served his time in accountancy at the office of Messrs. T. and J L. Tunstall, Warrington. He subsequently went to Altrinchatn, and then to Liverpool. Mr. Henry was very well-known in the town hiving lyee'n a member for many years at the Conservative Club. The funeral took place yesterday at St. Thomas Church Stockton Heath, at 2.39 p.m. in the presence , of a number of relatives and friends including repre- sentatives of Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

"ROYAL GINGER"

BISCUITS.

THE NEW TEA TABLE IDILICACY.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
V 95

. • '

MI

5

===== 0002601_19061229_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

VICTORIA-ROAD COUNCIL SCHOOLS.

Before breaking up for the holidays last Friday, the scholars attending these schools were treated to a Christmas entertainment including an exhibition of limelight views, &c. The first part of an attractive programme consisted of a set of beautiful pictures illustrating the " Story of the Year." These were described by Mr. W. Vernon. Then followed a series of miscellaneous slides of poems, Christmas stories and comics. Daring several intervals, patriotic choruses, school songs and hymns were renderad by the children. The entertainments were conducted by the head teachers, Miss A. M. Kilburn and Mr. J. F. Moulton, assisted by members of the staff. The lantern was manipulated by Mr. H. NV. Bowker. Rounds of applause showed how much the scholars enjoyed the treat, and that the efforts of the teachers were greatly apprecia- ted. The national anthem brought to a close a very enjoyable entertainment. DEATH OF MR. G. HORSEFIELD, RUNCORN. The death took place at 4 a.m. on Friday last week of Mr. George Horsefield, coal dealer and licensee of the Anchor Vaults, Halton-road, Runcorn. The deceased had been ailing for some time, and a little more than a fortnight ago went to Liverpool to consult a medical specialist. His ailment had then reached an acute stage, and when he took to his bed a few days later there was no hope of his recovery. He had lived in Runcorn practically the whole of his life. He com- menced business as a coal dealer and canal carrier twenty-eight years ago, and six years later became in addition a licensed victualler. He was well-known and highly esteemed for many good qualities. He had a genial temperament and did many good deeds in a quiet way. The funeol took place at Runcorn Cemetery on Monday afternoOn.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES EX-MAYOR HONOURED.

On Thursday afternoon last week an interesting func- tion was witnessed in the Council Chamber at the SVidnes Town Hall, when Alderman Samuel Quinn was made the recipient of a handsome illuminated address and a cheque for £167, subscribed by the burgesses in recognition of his serviees to the town during his thrc 3 years' mayoralty. The address is in a fumed oak frame with moulded border and is surmounted by the borough arms, with photographs on either side of the Town He'! Public Li brary,Technical Schools,interior of the Council Chamber, the Gladstone Memorial Fountain in Victor's Park, and the Transporter Bridge. The text of the address is as follows :—" To Mr. Alderman S. Quinn, Mayor of the Borough of Widnes, 1903-4-5-6. In the name of and by the direction of a large number of our fellow townsmen, signified by resolution passed at a meeting held in the Council Chamber in the Town Hall, Widnes, on the 12th day of December, 1906 we have pleasure in offering you our hearty congratulations upon the successful completion of your three years Mayoralty of this borough and expressing to you our hearty appreciation of your untiring devotion to duty, both as chief magis,rate and head of the municipality and on the exceptional ability, knowledge, and experience you have brought to bear in the administration of the town's affairs, We also gratefully acknowledge the time and labour so liberally bestowed by you in promoting the welfare of the town and your willing assistance and support to all movements for the good of the community and in particular the absolute impartiality and fairness with which you have presided over the meetings of the Town Council and the invariable tact, judgment and conscientiousness of purpose you have shown in the performance of the various duties of your office. And we beg to tender to you our most grateful thanks and to express the hope that you may long continue to be honourably associated with the local government of the borough. Presented this 20th day of Docember 190 G. S. Owens (Mayor), John W. Waring, J.P., Fredk. Neil, .LP., Pierce Tlllon, Pau! Cauldwell.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS MORNING BLAZE.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE GUTTED. £lO,OOO Damage.

Christmas Day was heralded in Warrington by this most disastrous fire which has occurred in the town for many years. Shortly after three o'clock in the morning P.C. Sankey was passing the Royal Court Theatre when he saw smoke issuing from the building. He at once raised the alarm and a brother officer, P.C. Chrimes, proceeded to summon the fire brigade. With commendable promptitude the firemen, under the command of Superintendent Turner, turned out with a couple of steam engines. An investigation showed that the fire had broken out under the stage and at that end of the building was raging fiercely. The brigade at once set to work and devoted their attention to subduing the flames and to ensuring the safety of the premises immediately adjoining the theatre.. An abundant supply of water was obtainable, and with both engines working at full pressure the pro- gress of the ilones was apparently checked, and a conflagration of the magnitude which it ultimately attained was unthought or. After about half an hours work it was thought that the outbreak had been con- trolled, when to the surprise and consternation of all flames broke out at the north end of the building, and in a few minutes the whole of that side was alight. With two fires raging the firemen 'rate faced with a serious task, and one of great responsibility, as every moment the danger increased of otber premises becoming involved. The woodwork and upholstery fell an easy prey to the flames, and it was quickly realized that the building was doomed. The men became exposed to great risk as the roof over the stage was well alight, but they stuck manfully to their task, working with a determination and courage which .reflected infinite credit upon them. The end was, however, near at hand as with a great noise half of the roof collapsed. For a moment the flames were subdued but it was only for a moment as again they burst forth with even greater fierceness to com- plete the work of destruction. Rising to a great height they illuminated the district for miles around and pre- sented a magnificent but awe-inspiriug spectacle Then with a crash, the remainder of the roof gave way and, with the four walls alone standing, the building could be likened in a huge cauldron full of fire from which tongues of flame rose high into the air to the accom- paniment of thousands of sparks. To do anything further was impossible and the theatre was left to its fate while the efforts of the fire brigade were devoted to the saving of surrounding buildings, in which they were successful. The cause of the fire, is altogether unknown and whilst several improbable theories have been advanced it will possibly remain a mystery. The loss is esti- mated at over .€lO,OOO, and is partly covered by insurance. The chief sufferers are Messrs. Johnson and J. Potter, the lessees, with whom much sympathy was expressed. THE OLD PUBLIC HALL. SOME DISTINGUISHED VISITORS. The building which was used as the " Public Hall " of the town before it was purchased by the present proprietors was an historic one. In it all kinds of meetings have been held. Some.of the greatest singers of the time have delighted crowded audiences but possibly the greatest meeting ever held ' in the budding was in 1803, whet. the late Mr. _ _

.., oay manner at St. Helens. The splendid bright weather Gladstone, during the course of the great Parlia- was keenly appreciated, particularly after the semi- mentary eh etion, delivered one of his most important darkness and rain of the preceding day. In the district the outlook is a good deal more hopeful than last year. 1 political orations. Since that time Mr. Chamberlain 11 The collieries are more active, and the new glassworks has appeared. The old which were opened a week ago by Messrs Turner and , years the home of the Misical Society. We believe Co., promise a decided improvement in this district. 1 that Charles Dickins himself once appeared within its The olc. tubeworks at St. Helens Junction bay() been walls, making his audience laugh and cry alternately converted into an up-to-date glassworks, and at present by his inimitable recitations. 150 bands are employed. The venture has been initiated Mr. Louis Calvert's " Sunday " Company had been quietly and with the utmost caution, and the new glass- , .. works will no doubt be welcomed by the trade, and specialty engaged for the Christmas season, and they I first perforthance on Christmas Eve. should meet with success. St. Helens people are now had given their almost dependent on the great glassworks for employ- i When the artistes left the building about midnight, :* ment, the chemical works being very finely regulated everything seemed to be safe, but there is every reason' both in output and in the possibilities of employment ' to believe that the fire originated underneath the stage. "... by the syndicate, which now has so many strings to its Fortunately for the artistes, many of their dresses-4 .bow in the shape of separate works, in which ' ! were saved, but the whole of the scenic effects and special attention is paid to the various processes. New , e industries are badly needed in the town where a other pio • perties were totally destroyed. We under- 14,4 number of large works have been standing idle for years. ; stand that Messrs. Johnson and Potter have On Christmas Day morning the streets were unusually generously arranged that fill salaries shall be paid - quiet. In the afternoon a goodly crowd assembled at to all persons working in the theatre with thee' , the City-road enclosure for the annual friendly football t` Sunday " Company, so that there will be me ' match between St. Helens Rees and St. Helens Town. individual loss to either artistes or employes. The Liverpool City Rugby team appeared for the first , time at Knowsley-road, but failed to break their record i PLANS FOR THE FUTURE. " of defeats, the forwards being a poor lot and the wing Interviewed yesterday, Mr. Potter informed our three-quarters scarcely ever handling the ball. The representative that it was the intention of the pro- inmates of Whiston Workhouse enjoyed a feast of plenty prietors to build a first-class theatre on the Rylands- - the Christmas dinner being served under the direction street site. In fact, he said, Messrs. Derbyshire and of Mr. King, the master, and the Chairman of the board Smith, of Manchester, had visited Warrington on Mr. G. H. ,Welsby, who were accompanied by several Thursday and were preparing the plans for an up-to- guardians. At the three local hospitals every effort date building, whilst the contract has already been let was made to make the wards bright and cheerful. In to Mr. Bland of Manchester. Both the archtitects and the matter of decoration, the Providence Hospital took builder have had considerable experience in the con- the palm. A large Christmas tree was erected in the struetion of theatres,having amongst others,respectively children's ward, and the mews ward was especially designed and erected the Palace Theatre, Manchester. attractive. Presents of all kinds bad been contributed , by friends, and Mr. C. D. Fothergill, the vice-chairman _____....._ I visited the hospital at dinner-time along with Mrs. and I Miss Fothergill, and distributed' tobacco, cigarettes, ' TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY 'and snuff to the men and women, the men especially Take Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. All Chemiste enjoying the luxury of a pipe, even though suffering refund the money if it fails. E. W. Grove's name op. from accident and disease, each box, is. lid

===== 0002601_19061229_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON:

ASSAULT ON A RAILWAY DETECTIVE.

Herbert Cook, of Makin-street, Newton-le-Willows, was fined £1 145., at St. Helens Police Conti, last Thurs- day for being drunk on St. Helens Station and assault- ing Railway Detective Bott.

THE LATE MRS. CLARKE.

The funeral took place last Thursday at New ton-in- Makerfleld Cemetery, of Mrs. Clarke, of Liverpool, an old resident of Newton-le-Willows. Mrs. Clarke was a relative of Mr. Clarke who was trainer of horses for the Duke of Leeds and the Marquis of Westminister, and brother to Mr. W. Clarke, who trained for Mr. Townley Parker and the late Lord Newton. The deceased came from Alford Hall, Cheshire, to Lancashire, and con tinned in this part of the county up to her removal to Liverpool, where she died in her 81st year. Mr. Mayor and relatives to a large number were present at the funeral, at which the Rev. James Ryder officiated, first at the Church and then at the Cemetlry. Many years have passed since the deceased lady associated herself with Newton-le-Willows, but her connection with the town has not been forgotten. At the funeral were the deceased's daughters, her son (Mr. T. Mayor), Mr. W. Jones (nephew), Mr. and Mrs. Swetenharn, Mrs. Brown, Mr. Hoar, Mrs. Hues, Mrs. Clarke and family, Lowton, &c.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

A

.

I

12 - _, -

A

J 1.,.

• 0

• - . .„.•,..:,-...2-.7...,„..:.....::,....,,.., r..;:-.:7-:-.7,,,,.-,,,,,,,-•,.. , - ,

II

.4-

===== 0002601_19061229_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19061229_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
raft

===== 0002601_19061229_art0135.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
..- ... _ f - .e

===== 0002601_19061229_art0136.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"4- 4

ern-

all

===== 0002601_19061229_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
i4A IKm I

_

4

Of 411 tree,

, '

~ starts, an th• P•is P.

IniiNi

Alllatk

T orni 0 r•-. 3 .20._i

A special musical service was held in gt. Paul's Church on Sunday evening, when a number of interest- ing old carols were rendered by the choir. There was a large congregation, and the service was much enjoyed. Miss Nellie Anderton was the soloist, and she gave a finished and artistic rendering of " U was despised." The sermon was preached by the Rev. R. B. De Wolf. At the conclusion of the service the organista (Jr. E. Wilkes) played the " Hallelujah chorus."

There was a large congregation at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening when the service was o f a choral character. Selections were given from" The Messiah," the choir singing with effect several of the better known choruses from Handel's oratorio. Mr. Richardson was heard to advantage in " Every Valley " whilst ISliss M. Hipkiss ably sang " Rejoice greatly." Mr. E. H. Pearce took the bass solos and created a very favonnhle impression. In the solo "The trumpet shall sound "the cornet obligato was splendidly played by Mr. W. Rutter. Mr. W. Pearce presided at the organ. Bold-street Wesleyan Church. Selections from " the Messiah "were given at Bold. street Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening, when there was a large congregation. The choir ably rendered the choruses 'And the glory," "For unto us a child is born" and the" Hallelujah chorus," whilst solos were given by Mrs. Booth, who sang " Rejoice Greatly" and " know that mv Redeemer liveth," Miss Mabel Henshall, who gave" 0 thou that tellest " with fine effect, and Messrs. W. Warburton and Plumpton. Mr. F. Hickman presided at the organ. During the evening a brief address was delivered by the Rev, S. Pitt.

The choir anniversary in connection with Latchford Wesleyan Church was held on Sunday, when special sermons were preached. The morning service was con- ducted by the Rev. Charles L. Stowe, and at the even- ing service the preacher was the Rev. John Gunnell. In the afternoon a cantata entitled "The Nativity of Christ " was rendered by the choir, Mr. R. H. Nleldrurn, of Lymm, presiding. Special anthems and solos were given by the choir at each service, the conductor being Mr. E. Oldberry, and the organist Miss Hartley. The eollections were in aid of the choir funds.

There was a small attendance at the meeting of the Wycliffe Society on Sundsy. Mr. C. H. Mills presided and spoke npon " Sacrifice of love." Mr. Maddock, of Manchester, took for his subject Self-sacrifice," with lessons from the birth, life and death of Christ. Mr. A. Cotter;ll, of Darlington. an old officer of the Society, sang "The Good Shepherd " in excellent style. Mr. W. H. Payton presided at the organ. Mr. J. Garner and • the Secretary also took port in the meeting. Special Christmas hymns were rendered in every hearty manner. —The Secretary wished for all the brotherhood "A very happy Christmas."

Wycliffe Church. rhe annual Christmas Choral Service at Wycliffe Congregational Church was held on Sunday evening when selections were given from "The Prince of Peace" (Gard). There was a largo congregation. Special efforts had been made by the choir to ensure the success of the production and in this they achieved their object. the various choruses heing very well rendered. Mr. Frank Brown, was in excellent voice in the bas § solos whilst Mr. W. Brown Mr. A. Grilths and Mr.N.Cook,who shared the tenor portions were heard to great effect, Miss Griffiths and Miss Hibbert sang sweetly and with excellent success. Mr. W. H. Payton. Mus. Bac., presided at the organ. During an interval a brief and interesting address was delivered by Mr. A. Corney.

On Wednesday morning an elderly woman named Reid, of Mornington-street, Birkenhead, was found suffocated in her apartments. A paraffin lamp, which had been left burning on the table, became overheated and burst, setting fire to the contents of the room'.

gi Mr eolb There Wy cl fie and spoke Mancheste lessons l'rrn A. Cotterill, • sang " The (e W. H. Payton the Secretary a Thristmas hymn -The Secretary ry happy Christi VI le annual Christ tresational Churn selections were gi ). There was a had been made of the productio ihject the various 1. Mr. Frank Brow solos whilst Jr. W. •ek,viho shared the ten ct, Miss Griffiths d with excellent slice. presided at the organ. teresting address was iy morning an elderly vro street, Birkenhead, was its. A paraffin lamp, v. s,he table, became overhea a contents of the room: _.l6c ,:orest 90 liver- itoine Z 5 4 * - • -72'44'01) „ •""S -.... v. enti :P„ • t 111157' • .4%1' :4 - Jt• •t.t. tl•tfP 1.16:00,4 0k.,147* „ .1.1• • ' 44 • , rAt 'e-iat re ; The new Bronchitis, ' pine air Ist, Asthma, treatment Influenza, and for Co.vrhs other Chest and 4 and Colds, Lung 'Troubles. - 4 - ; .4. .04 lti • . 4'" .1t • • _ • I• u/s and t 114 or 2 Q 6.,x, tills Co • Lad:. " 4,;

6 _

===== 0002601_19061229_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

St Paul's Chuck

Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church.

Latchford Wesleyan Church.

incliffe P.S.A.

NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

[By " Ovalist.")

The Warrington men have not got much profit out of the holiday matches this season. After a heavy defeat at Leeds on Saturday they entertained Leigh and secured the full points in both Northern and South-Webt Lancashire Leagues after a great struggle. On Boxing Day they ought to have had Liverpool City as visitors, but six inches of snow proved an obstacle that the Club did not care to face, so the match was cancelled. The ground could have been cleared of course, but it was questionable whether the gate would have paid the expense. The Liverpudlians are not a great draw by any means and many people would doubtless have stayed at home. The Warring- ton Club often gets blamed for over-cautiousness, but it is this canniness in the past which has resulted in the Club's sound position to-day. •

The result of Saturday's match at Leeds created somewhat of a sensation when it was m tde known in Warrington. No one expected the locals to go down by 27 points to 3, and the reasons why they did so tae some finding. This is the worst defeat Warring- ton have sustained for a few years, and it was totally unlooked for. There was no getting away from the fact that Warrington were well-beaten, both forward and back, but there was nothing like such a disparity between the sides as the score would suggest. If Warrington had had another ten points and Leeds half-a-dozen less the play might be fairly represented by the figures. It was one of those matches where one side could do nnthing right. When Warrington were attacking it happened several times that Leeds completely changed the scene by clever play aided by a lot of luck. Three times were tries got by Leeds from the Warrington men's passing, and the blame for this lay largely at Jerkins' door. His chief fault was in throwing the Idl away when tackled. Somehow if he passed back a Leeds man got it, and a try usually followed. Then there were three more tries as the result of forward rushes which Warrington seemed powerless to stop. Altogether the Wartington line was crossed seven times —a record for the present , season, and one which I hope will stand some time.

While Leeds got all the points, it could fairly be said that Warrington showed the prettiest combina- tion. The "Yorkshire Evening Post " said that one' movement which took play from half way to the line and led to Warrington's only try was worthy of the Sonth Idrcans, and the praise was by no means an exaggeration. Brooks,Dickenson, and Isherwood ran, passed and repassed with a fkill which completely beat the Leeds defence and wasloudly cheered. Where Warrington suffered most was at half-back. Jordan -bad to take the place of Lees at the last minute and was nothing like so effective as he would have been at threequarter, while, as already said, Jenkins threw away more advantages than he gained. I was pleased to see Berry play a much better game. He not only defended well with good punting, but ran strongly several times and did much more than usual in the way of turning defence into attack. It was at centre where Leeds did most of the damage. Llewellyn and Thomas were faster than, the Warrington men and whenever they broke through their raced away to m tke a certain try for someone. You would have thought Warrington had no centres at all at times, but it was owing to the way the Leeds pair snapped up a stray Pass and got through like a flash. They were certainly at the top of their form and blessed with what the billiard player would call some useful flukes. Young, the ex-Cardiff full back, gave a sparkling display and fully upheld the reputation he has made in Yorkshire this season.

One of the finest games of the season was seen at Wilderspool on Christmas Day. Instead of proving fairly easy prey the Leigh men gave Warrington a rare fright and actually, held the lead until three- quarter time In fact if one of the halves had not made the fatal err 'r of passing on his own line they might have boon leading yet. But that incident belongs t a later chapter. Warrington started as if they meant to sweep the floor with Leigh but after ten minutes hot work they only got a penalty goal. Leigh replied with a try and so did Warrington. Then the visit ,rs got another and at half time were leading by six points to fire. Again, bad Warrington had the worst of the luck. They could beat Leigh from end to end but they could not Cross the line, and it must be admitted that the defence against them was perfect.

The resumption c.f hostilities was the signal for another mighty onslaught on the Laigh line. Time after time the defence tottered but did not falhafid when during a brief rush to the Warrington end Whittaker pat Leigh further ahead with a dropped goal you could almost hear the grass grow. It was now threequarter time and everything depended on staving power. Wirrington gave no quarter and some brilliant play was seen in the Leigh half. Twice Brooks dashed for the line after fine combiaation and each time he was bundled in touch at the corner flag. The crowd was dancing with excitement. Play proceeded right on the Leigh iine and the defenders got the ball. A saving punt was expected, but no! One of the Wives passed back, Lees darted round the scrum and knock- ing the ball down scored a try which was a triumph of watchfulness and skill. The scores were now equal, but when Preston carefully kicked a goal the roar could have been heard miles away. It was all over with Leigh now. Warrington proved their worth again and again and the citadel was captured once more by Dickenson who literally threw himself over from Isherwood's pass. As Preston also got a penalty goal the final score was 3 goals 3 tries to I goal 2 tries inWarrington's favour.

The game was full of exciting incidents and at one time it looked as if Leigh would just secure the verdict. Warrington never slackened their efforts and were in the Pnd fitly rewarded. There is n doubt the better side won. Dickenson again played a grand game, while Isherwood sheered more of his old form in the closing stages. Lander was weak at times. Berry and the halves loth put in some fine work, Lees in particular being most effective On the Leigh side little Whittaker played a great game at half-back and was well-backed up by S. Johnson, Bennett and Clarkson.

The South-west Lancashire Lsague up-to-date is as follows: Pts.

P. W. L. D. For Agst. Pts. W'gton.. 6 ... 4 ... 1 ... 1 ... 87 ... 53 ... 9 Runcorn 5 ... 4 ... 1 ... 0 ... 73 ... 38 ... 8 Leigh ... 7 ... 2 ... 4 ... 1 ... 89... 79 ... '5 Widnes.. 7 ... 2 ... 5 ... 0 .... 55 ... 139 ... 4 &Helens 5 ... 1 ... 4 ... 0 ... 43 ... 78 2

The following is the League Table up-to-date For Agst. Per-

P. W. L. D. 0. T. P. G. T. P. centaxe. Halifax l6 13 2 4 65 57 301 19 27 119 8437 Leeds l7 14 3 0 54 64 303 19 31 140 82.35 Runcorn l6 13 3 0 49 80 338 19 19 95 9115 Oldham l9 14 4 1 37 52 230 26 26 130 7611 Broughton l6 11 4 1 47 64 286 19 22 104 71'87 Hunslet 19 13 6 Ii 58 77 343 42 51 237 6942 Reighley l4 94 1 40 50 230 24 28 132 6785 Warrington-17 11 5 1 53 74 328 28 32 152 67134 Wigan l7 11 6 0 47 71 307 29 29 145 6470 Dewsbury IS 10 7 1 47 63 283 35 51 220 5833 Batley 15 3 6 1 37 38 182 25 37 171 5666 Barrow l6 8 7 1 29 39 175 34 44 200 5312 Salford lB '9 9' 0 35 38 194 42 47 225 5006 Widnes l2 5 6 1 24 ao 108 24 39 165 4583 Pontefract 9 4 5 0 13 16 74 23 37 157 4444 Leigh l7 7 9 1 36 57 231 31. 38 176 41.11 Hull l7 710 0 27 43 183 48 62 282 4117 Swinton —lB 711 0 38 50 226 41 42 208 38.88 Hull R.R. l6 610 0 22 38 158 52 37 173 3750 Rochdale l6 610 0 23 43 175 24 47 189 3750 York l4 S 9 0 23 37 157 36 49 219 3571 llnd'sfleld l7 611 0 93 54 228 53 66 304 3510 Bradford l7 511 1 36 54 243 38 48 220 $2.33 T l6 ilO 1 24 39 165 36 70 292 3437 St. Hfslens 16 412 0 32 40 184 38 58 250 26'00 Bramley l6 114 1 715 59 47 78 328 937 Liverpl.C 19 018 1 10 15 60 99 173 717 2'63

It will be seen above that the holidays have brought about several changes. Runcorn have at last been deposed from the leadership. and the defeat by Oldham on the Runcorn ground must have been a rery unpleasant Boxing Day knock. There was only a point between the sides at the close, bat Oldham had had the better of the game, and their defence in the closing stages was great. Jolley missed kicking a couple of goals which were fairly easy, whereas Fergusson on the other side was successful in two attempts, and this just made the difference. The The first four clubs now are Halifax, Leeds, Runcorn and Oldham and, rather curiously they all ha ye to

visit Warrington. Our own chance of getting a top place is not very rosy,though the New Year programme is not overwhelmingly heavy. The stiffest matches away are Oldham, Halifax and Runcorn, and the team will need some weak places remedying if there is to be much hope of success in these encounters.

Warrington should conclude the 1906 programme to-day with a visit to Bradford, and it would be a fitting finale if they recorded their first victory on Yorkshire soil. Bradford are in a lowly League position, but I fear they will give Warrington a rough passage. Still, "it is a long lane, &c.," and a Warrington win in Yorkshire is over-due.

The negotiations for the transfer of a well-known full back to Warrington have been concluded, and on Thursday evening J. H. Tilley, of Widnes was signed on. He played far his old Club this week and has been selected to play for Warrington on the wing in to-day's match at Bradford. The full side is as flows: Berry, full back; Tilley, Isherwood, Dickenson an'd Brookes, threcquarters ; Lees and Jenkins, half-bicks ; B )ardm tn, Shugars, Preston, Thomas, Heath and Harmer, forwards.

The " A " team should hare been at home to Widnes Rangers, but there is no probability of the snow clearing. Unless there is a severe frost the ground will be got in condition for the Runcorn match on New tear's Day.

ii

The Examiner, SPturd.ay, December 29, 1906.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
MUSICAL SOCIETY'S CONCERT.

"THE MESSIAH."

Handers great oratorio " The Messiah " is so inseparably associated with the Christmas season that the choice of this work for performance at the War- rington Musical Society's concert on Saturday evening; was a happy one. The public cordially welcomed it and elacaved their appreciation bv assembling in such large numbers that the Parr Hall was well filled. No doubt the Popular prices wisely arranged for the accasion had a great deal to do with the success of the concert which must have been exceedingly gratify- ing to the society whose efforts too often do not meet with sufficient encouragement from their fellow- townepeople. Still more pleasing is it to record that the performance was a thoroughly adequate one and maintained the best traditions of the society. The delight of the audience was unmistakably demonstrated and we think it may justly be said that all who were privileged to hear this rendering of Handel's master- piece will treasure the happiest recollections of it. The magnificent choruses and the beautiful solos were listened to with equal interest and Warringtonians have probably never had a better opportunity of realizing to the full the grandeur of the oratorio. The soloists all took their parts well. Miss Gleeson-White possesses a soprano voice of great range, power, and flexibility and her singing was one of the most enjoy- able features of the evening. She was particularly effective in the exquisitely beautiful airs " Come unto Him " and "I know that my Redeemer liveth " which she gave with the deepest feeling and expression. Considerable interest centred in the first appearance as soloist at a Musical Society concert of Miss Nellie Anderton, of Warriagton, who is a contralto of great promise. It is due to her to say that the high opinion we had formed of her talents was justified and Alias Anderten received a very hearty greeting. Her initial effort " 0 Thou that tellest " was pleasing, but she rose to the occasion far more in the wonderfully appealing "He shall feed His flock." She was heard to even greater advantage iu " He was despised and rejected," her interpretation being most sympathetic, Naturally the audience was much pleased with this success of a local artiste, and accorded Miss Anderton a great ovation. Mr. Charles Saunders is a very acceptable tenor, possessing a pure toned voice which he uses with fine effect. Although on Saturday a slight huskiness was notice- able, Mr. Saunders did justice to the items entrusted to him, his soulful renderiuga of "Comfort ye " and " Every valley " being in the best possible taste. He also strikingly brought out the pathos of " Behold, sad see if there be any sorrow like unto His sorrow " and was particularly forceful in the strongly contrasting " Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron." A. rare musical treat was afforded by-Mr. Robert Radford who is one of the finest bass singers we have heard for some time. He had to interpret several of the most difficult airs in the oratorio but each was admirably given, his full, rich voice being splendidly controlled. In "But who may abide the thy of His earning ? " he gave the audience a foretaste of hi t& powers, but he excelled in " Wby do the nations" which was sung with such spirit as to rouse quite is storm of enthusiasm. Another note- worthy effort was "The trumpet shall sound," a feature of which uas the trumpet obligato faultlessly played by Mr. W. Rutter, a member of the society. Of the work of the chorus it is possible to speak in terms of unreserved praise. " The Messiah is rich in opportunities for a powerful, well-trained chorus I and of these full advantage was taken. The singing was marked with precision and that attention to detail and expression so 1 essential to a successful performance. A fine volume of sound was produced and the voices were well I Winced. Particularly effective Were the juous strains of " And the Glory of the Lord " and " For unto us a child is born," while the culminating point of the first part of the oratorio—the triumphal " Lift up your heads, oye gates "—was highly impressive. The crowning effcrrt, however, was the " Hallejuah Chorus " which is so inspiring in its grandeur, and it was evident that it produced a profound effect on the large audience. Hardly less striking was the massive chorus " Worthy is the Lamb " which brings the oratorio to a fitting close. Mr. F. 11. Crossley wielded , the brlton with his custommy skill and he is to be warmly complimented upon the success of the concert which was in no small measure due to his training. The orchestra under Mr. R. H. Pearson's leadership ably fulfilled their part and did good service, notably in the Overture and the Pastoral Symphony. Mr. W. I. Payton, Mus. Bac. discharged the duties of organist with his usual ability and good taste.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

A_ HEARTLESS FATHER.

James Henry Melia, blacksmith, last from Sheffield. pleaded guilty to absconding from Warrington and leaving his wife and six children chargeible to the Union.—Mr. B. Shearer, relieving officer, said that prisoner's wife and children had been in the Workhouse since July last, and they had cost the Guardians no less than £45. Prisoner was earning good wages at his trade in Sheffield. It was the first time he had been before the magistrates, as the Guardians had given him every opportunity of paying the money.—Prisoner said he said he walked to Scotland and tried to get work in Glasgow and Motherwell. He got a situation at the latter place, but owing to an accident he was out of work for 13 weeks. He afterwards made his way to Sheffield and was in a good situation there now. He was willing to take his wife and children back again and live happily together.—Melia was sent to gaol for one soiseth with hard labour. DISTURBANCR AT BINIC QUAY STATION. Patrick Regan, collier, flurtonwood, was charged at Warrington on Saturday with having been drunk and disorderly on Bank Quay Station on Friday night end also with having assaulted Railway-detective Coward.— Detective Coward stated that he saw prisoner causing a disturbing. Prisoner went direct to the hooking office and stood so that people could not pass him. Witness asked him to go away and make a way for the people, whereupon be struck witness in the face. A postman saw that witness was in difficulties and went for a policeman, and if P.C. Jones bad not come on the scene he would have been roughly handled by the prisoner and his mates.—The Bench inflicted a fine 10s.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., HUNTERS, BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS. EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES AUCTION SALE BILLS ANT) CATALOGUES. EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. INVOICES RULED TO PATTERN. "EXAMINER OFFICE," BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

, 111-..7,r2(.t.it..741-t,:,,,,,,,,,\,,,i ---e--- , ly. ; • ' : clf-= . /14 •f. ' 47:.• .."f - 1 ' ''''•,,,C, ( ',l/;.•A %,„' , -,...,: ;„..4r.,- . ~,...).:. .' . • ..'"' ...... . • / 4...„......".._.ii,•;.) . . , 4 11. l ,': L• i, :1 f, ' :,:- / • 1 .: ..: i 'l ' / • ~11:,i • . i 1i ‘l,‘. / • , . . i I ' 11 , • • • • , • . 1 i . . L. Pts. 0 ... 8 •I. • ' . ..' .. \3\ • • • I / •,/ - 2 . I \ iii , . z lil ' I / • .:. 6 2 ... 4 2 ... 4 ... 4 .., 0 line-de-laine, would serve equally well for flu Dam,... Tha ',inner nart of fh, roat cems:ists 0:

If in 'le 11

===== 0002601_19061229_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLI A RDS.

CHURCH CLUBS' BILLIARD LEAGUE.

Owing to the Christmas Handicaps takiba place connection with most of the clubs associated' with tin above League matches have been suspended until January 17th. Below are the tables compiled up-to- date :

IST DIvISION. P.

Pry!gide Trinity St. George's 4 0 St. Clement's St. Paul's 4 0 o. 2ND DivlstoN. P. \V. L. St. Paul's 4 3 ... 1 St. George's Trinity Padgate St. Clement's . 4 ... 0

===== 0002601_19061229_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
PRACTICAL SHIRT.

Pictured in our illustration is an extremely smart and becoming little morning skirt. The original was carried out in plain thin whit. cashmere, but any thin woollen material would serve equally well for tilit purpose, and the colour chosen is, of course, purely a matter of indi- vidual taste. Down the front of the blouse ran a wide box-pleat edged ott either side with

material, further adorned

with large fancy buttons. Over each shoulder came a shaped strap i of the cashmere, terminat- ing at the bottom n a point, and ornamented' with buttons. Below this strap came a stitchei tuck,, and beyond it a shaped piece of the cash- mere, stitched at the edge and finished with a button in the corner. The sleeves, of the bishop type, were taken into deep cuffs, finished at the wrist with little stitched straps and buttons. Mips BEALE'S FORTUNE.

The announcement that Cheltenham College will benefit to the extent of about £55,000 under the will of Miss Beale reminds a writer in the British Weekly that the most famous woman teacher of our generation was thrifty in her per. sonal expenditure. Miss Beale had excellent taste in dress, and would never have appeared ix public in the extraordinary hats and costumes which are affected by some leaders of the educational world. For years before her death it was her custom to wear only black. She chose rich and soft materials, and employed a gooci dressmaker. Miss Beale disliked to see her pupils wearing brilliant and conspicuous colours. An old Cheltenham student tells that in her time at college one girl appeared in a startling costume of scarlet. Miss Beale found occasion to .ddress the pupils on the subject of becoming aress. "There is one of you," she remarked, " who is wearing a dress which almost blind. me." Miss Beale was always on the watch for any indication of untthual ability in her pupils. Sometimes a mother would send an envelope to the Principal, containing the little „poems and essays of her child. Miss Beale never tossed these into the waste-paper basket, or contented herself with a curt note of acknowledgment. She took an interest in the girl and fostered her talent. To the end of her life Miss Beale fougi joy in reading the Hterary productions of all Cheltenham student.. DAINTY COFFEE COAT.

A charmingly dainty but f•-., inexpensive aril simple little coffee coat is the subject of our sketch. Such a garment is quite ideal for the home dinner or evening meal, and as it is cap- able of achievement by, the most inexperienced of dressmakers, and can be made of the least costly materials, is distinctly an economy as well as a dainty addition to one fs wardrobe. The ori- zinal coat was made of 'spotted net in a deep orryreen• , ca.,. VA\SC V. vs PI 111 IVI/114 piece lace, printed net, or even, a dainty MOUSSII-

----- -,-# - ~ • , ito . ' ' .T--- 11,4 ,S,',. \\ i.V if .. ,* .::.„ . •: ii.. • i . • . h iii .......-- A (tf , t .._ :hed bando of the

===== 0002601_19061229_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
stitcl

ODDFELLOWS DEMONSTRATION.

The Value of Friendly Societies.

Members of the Warrington District of the Grand I United Order of Oddfellows were on Saturday favoured with a visit from their Grand Master,Bro.William Tout, and celebrated the occasion by holding a public meeting in the Winwick-street Co-operative Hall. Probably owing to the season and to counter-attractions, there was only a small attendance. Bro. Thomas Farrington D.D.G.M., presided, and was supported by the chief officers of the various Lodges of the town. Bro. Tot; who had a hearty welcome, said it was perfectly true tlot the Warrington District of the Order had not made satisfactory progress for a number of years. There might be many reasons to account for that with which he was not personally acquainted, but ' there was one outstanding feature with which ho was struck in regard to the economy of the District. He was most concerned with the smallness of the amount of interest which they received for the surplus capital invested. It might he the beskthey could get with the limited amount which they had to invest, and as the same thing applied to other Districts an investment association had been formed in connection with the order, through which they could secure much improved rates. From the very great importance which the ques- tion of ins estment had upon their funds he hoped that in the near future they would give itattention. It was not to be denied that to-day young men were taking a 11,013 active and intelligent interest in their welfare than they did in the past, and made very close enquiries before entering any Society, in order to assure them- that they would receive the benefits for which they pnici, and therefore if they would improve their financial condition they would stand a far better chance of securing new membees. It was not only to the advantage of the District to look well to their invest- ments, but they had a moral responsibility in the matter. (Hear, hear.) They had no right to ask young men to join them unless they were certain that they could in after years give the benefits which they promised. Speaking on the Friendly Society movement, Bro. Tout said that people had too insular a conception of the movement. The Grand Order had a membership of 8511,288, with accumulated funds of £1,303.463, whilst during the last five years they had improved their posi- tion to the extent of increasing their assets by 2s. in the R. In the whole of the country about one in every three of the adult section of the community was a, member of a friendly society, so that they could easily ir6e that the moverhent ramified every nook and corner of the country to the material welfare of the people, who otherwise would have had to pay through the medium of the rates for the relief of necessitous people, by the operations of the poor law. (Applause). GRORCE WILDE, Grand Secretary of the Order, during the course of a somewhat lengthy address, said the Grand Order of Oddfellows was the oldest friendly society with branches to be formed in the country. aere were other Societies which were older than the Grand Order, but these did not establish branches until a much later date. 'The first dispensation of which they had any record in connection with the Grand Order was dated 1798, and as after a lap:3 of 103 years they were still growing, they had reason to believe they were not quite played out. Bro. WiLpit ably reviewed the progress of the Grand Order and mentioned, as one of the later steps which had been taken, the establish- ment of an insurance department. Probably one of the reasons why the Warrington District had not made so much progress as was to be desired, was to be found in the existence of such clubs as tontine clubs. He believed 'those club, were such a great rage because the people liked to have a good Christmas draw, but he told them esndidly that it was impossible to pay money into clubs for certain benefits and to get those benefits if more than half of what they rld was returned to them at the end of the year.(Hear, ear). Friendly Societies had proved times innumerable that the largest contribution was not suffioient to enable them to meet their liabilities and that they could not pay their benefits sinless they had well invested capital. It was therefore impossible to expect that tontine clubs ges as Friendly Societies andcond y egt i rveet et rhne tsha emt re fatcli nes: ttao the members at Christmas time. He said emphatically that it could not be done. It might very possibly be said "but they are doing it." Very possibly they vere for a time but they would not continue. When the members were young sickness was Debt but as the ago increased the liability became heavier end in order that the benefits might continue the contribution would have to be very largely increased or else the older members would have to be cleared out. Friendly Societies were determined to show the mischief which such clubs Would certainly bring about in course of time. ([Tear hear.) The country bad for years been promised old-age pensions but whenever that pension came they as Friendly Societies would have to take action to see if the Government pensions could not be supplemented by grants from their funds. (Applause). During the evening an excellent musical programme was submitted. This included selections which were admirably given by the Lyric Prize Quartette Party, solos by Miss Eastens end Mr. P. J. George, and humorous selections by Mr. A. Grounds.

PIANOS and ORGANS by the

score In BERRYSTREET you'll findthestore, Lowest prices, richest tones, You'll always get from RICHMOND JONES.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
A CHALLENGE LINE

OUR • Challenge Model PRICES:

26 GUINEAS, 10;6 per month. £22 15s. nett. cash.

'LIES TO CONT UTORS. .—I am considering whetlisr I cl )ossibly spare space for "Lost al lurid— as a Serial early• ntro_ must send you a Iwe taken Appreciation' Lucy. (I.—The Calendar is very 'Mimic. It lins in front otoc remembrance of your kindrwss. I sh find it very useful.

:ERBERT .E.--The Card -you send reflects great credit on your artistic abilities. It i 3. from such attempts as thcke&hst rot artists have sprung. Keep hard at it, Herbert. There is always iruour at the top.

, , , ,dp / Tir ';• •-/- ' , ~. /', 47'4* - ...I •••••• ' ' 4 ' ~'"4.ogft, ~,taaPcjkilt•st..,:,.,, , ...;...., '44.1 fir "( OV"`•"P. .:',' , "•'-..tr• c.., N.,:.,E.,,fir, c: s • - ,L ~• -'" *-t t.,..L.,4' 7'4 T‘....?2::;• ',lt --- ..: -h. f-Az-- s-, V ;,.. rtt 3.C. 1, , , _ .. :›.1,,...* 1 ' 4-"-- 0 ~-..,„. it .. . '4... ‘ •=ico / , e1•44,,i,.. - .c.,-; ,;;s,e!-,•1•••'•-1-1,;.,-.,.,'01 :-..7...cg-t't_.,:! - • "7.--1-- <.-- J.10,7,- * .?? • .;•,-.'l. •• t,...; 3,,tvfr P" ' ' -r.'44 . . • UII I i 0,.?,•;,.. d - ...,....„,...,,.:1000 x -7,:.,:;,-,,,,, niti„is; 1 - • .trvlr{:„,z-scs,-.. ,s,- -__ ---- -- 4 1 k:',.. 1 iv:V '2, %4•,16-", • / Y<,- .c 10 •• . , 47; • NTRIBT LUCY RFE. 1)". '•„ i •011, , • et"' so, I 0 -• ..„, .... ,„‘ ~11.4%-g•-,7,1 g -..,. , ./ "v • 0 14,,,Aik..,,PA1A - 1I r g 4IaIC u li al.Y.f. I WINN" - a ip )r -

===== 0002601_19061229_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
RICHMOND JONES &_ SONS,

11, and 13, BERRY ST., LIVERPOOL. Write for our Art Catalogue.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
MY DEAR NIECES AND NEPHEWS,

By the time you read this I suppose you will be quite in the middle of the fun and frolic which makes up a festive Yule. I wish I could drop like Santa Claus in amongst you, and watch you at your games—Snap Dragon, Hunt the Slipper, Twilight, and the like. Parties here, and parties there, I dare say, leave you very little leisure time. Well, I hope you are all contriv- ing to get as much enjoyment as possible out of the holidays before you enter into the troubles and trials of another year, including those terrible sums, awful dictation, and other scholastic torments; never mind, my dear friends, you all have the consolation of knowing that they don't last for ever. I had a very joyful surprise when I opened my letters this morning. One gontaining a request fOr membership all the way from—where do you thinkl—why, from South Australia. It was very nice to find that the League is extending in size, geographically as well as numerically. Although I have not much room at my disposal I feel I must print our new niece's letter to show you how it all came about. So with best wishes I conclude this week.

Just as these columns are going to press, I have received a splendid parcel of warm clothing, etc., from four members of the League, Margaret Constance Knight, Helena D. Knight, James Ashton Knight, and Gladys Knight, and all of one family, and to whom I am sending a nice prize in consideration of their thoughtfulness. As this deserving cause closes by the end of the year, I shall be glad if any of my nieces and nephews who have not yet sent things, and who wish to do so, will take advantage of the short time now left at their disposal.

UNCLE NED.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
_+_,_

Dear -Uncle, Ned,—lt is a long time since I wrote to you before, but I thought I should like to send you a letter for Christmas. I Lope- you will haVe, a good time and enjoy yourself well, I mean to do.

I am sending you a piece of pa•etry, called Father Christmas," which I hope you will like, and will be able to publish: It has .not oeen published before. I am, your affectionate 'nephew, WlLLialt J(Zk....;Pli ADAM.

FATHER CARISTMAS.

Old Father Christmas hl garments of white Will open your dooriu the (load of the ni!.nt, rlis eyes beaming ple..6ore, li.s ~i„td ,rowned with rare hod, with Lclrlea biiht red.

So quiet his foot that your sleep it won't break, But he never appears when you're l a\; .LllO ; • ior though he delights fu be ni good things, He is modest, in secret his bounties he brings. He is loving and giving, but hut, in his mood, Eor he picks out the children he knows to oe good; And though the self-willed may come in with the rest, fife child that's obedient will ever fare beat. Light as the fall of the feathery snow, in the silence of .night he will visit ant; go, ,Vhile the angel of slumber is sealing your eyes, He knows ion will wake to a happy surprise. I rich load he carries•for girls and for boys, :_fringes, sweetmeats, and wonderful toys; - boils, like, princesses from Fairyland's halls, 'Nhiptops, and pegtops, and puzzles, and balls. Apples, and almonds, and nuts by the peck, Brooches for bosoms, and beads for the neck; Everything else in which children delight, Eor pleasing the palate and charming the sight. His eyes sparkle love 'neath his eyebrows of

snow, As he fills up the stoekings that hang in a row; Ile, will linger to gaze, at the Ole of the bed, On the tangles of curls, and the cheeks rosy red, 21.nd, blessing the tiny heads nestling so warns, lie hurries away ma the wings of the storm.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
.------.-+--...-.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am writing to wish you "Happy Christmas and glad New Year." I enclose a card I have painted in water colours. My fourteenth birthday is next Friday, December 14th. I am sending you two pieces )f poetry I think are rather good. The shops ocgin to look nice everywhere now. I am look- ing forward to next week's " Corner " very much.

THE BOY THAT GROWS. The boy that by addition grows, And suffers no subtraction; Who multiplies the things he knows, And carries every fraction; Who well divides his precious time, The due proportions giving, To sure success aloft will climb, Interest compound receiving.

I must now close, with all good wishes for you and the League, and .Christmas joy to all. I remain, your ever loving nephew, . HERBERT KING.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l should like to be one of your nieces. I am nine years old, and ant seud- ing you a piece of poetry about mice—little animals which frighten us children sc. From your loving niece, HILDA WLLLETT.

THE MICE. The merry mice stay in their holes, And hide there all the day; But when the house is still at night, The rogues come out and play. Now here, now there, they trot 'about; In every hole they peep, To see what they can find to eat, While we are Ist asleep.

They climb upon the pantry shelf, • And taste of all they please; They drink the milk, they eat the cream, They nibble Mead and cheese But if they chance to hear the cat, Their feast will soon be done; Off, off, • they b<ro to hide their heads, As 'fast as they can run.

The class in natural history being asked the difference between a dog and a tree, the head boy answered: "A tree is covered with hark, while a dog seems to be lined with it."

Once a teacher asked a class: "What are the four seasons ?" •

One boy replied: "Pepper, salt, mustard, and vinegar.' ,

vasQ 0=""....zi•-.1 o anzi„,,__ g 4 Christian f. ~ 1 , Circle r ti. Stories. THE BEST PENNY WEEKLY ST.OOIII I PUBLISHED. ...----- 1 D. EVERY SATURDAY. i 9... %/I • NEWS AGENTS i I And BOOKSTALLS. LGNG STORIES by such popular Autht);l3 MPS. .1. B. HORTON, ~. 0 SYDNEY WATSON, '4 M. E. L. FLORENCE ILODGKINSON. ti HELEN HARDIN, ~.f MRS. SYDNEY' WATSON.

ii ----- - . , Every week an Instalment of JOSEPH HOCEING'S i great Story. .. " THE SCARLET WOMAN." I:4'n P.,n:: y Stories ;:e—tTli Wished contain suc7 fb .1.2,,,i/tai i/ ! . and interesting tales by best ‘l.• • "

,u4liers•

BIG Dnlzz COMPETITION. ononn AT ONCE. to obtain the,: Storieg, write to the • h FakrINGTGN , Shoe E C.: osiai!ht Stamp for two rccont rotot7ors. . _ -

w;ZMS!;,7O 0

P-• IF.F*4-`v. . • IF Z•‘-' 4> '• • MILK -P- -ifich ut Miry y.

1

- 04: .0 7. -.,,

===== 0002601_19061229_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
WELCOME TO

Ida Bow, Edward Gardner, Florence Stevens, Gwendoline Kivell, Frederick Brown, Nellie Atkin, Margaret Whitaker.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l have seen your "Chil- dren's Corner" in the newspaper, and have been very interested in it. I should be very pleased to become one of your members. From your loving niece,

Ins Bow.

P.S.—I am sending a piece of poetry and a story, hoping to see it in print.

HONESTY.

man of China once bought a piece of land for which he gave a large sum of money. When ploughing it he came upon a heap of gold and gems buried in the earth. There was no one near when he found it, and he might have kept it himself. He was an honest man, and though he had bought the field, and had paid a fair price for it, he had not bought this treasure. He collected it together and...took it to the man from whom he had bought the land. He said to the man, "I have found this treasure in the field I bought from you, take them, they are yours." "No,". said the other, "they are yours, you bought the field and all its con- tents." For a longtime they each tried to get the other to take it, but neither would give in. At last the king was summoned, and he found that one had a son, and the other a daughter. It was agreed upon that the two young people should be married, and they were to have the treasure. That year the field bore a rich har- vest, and the ears of corn were larger than had ever been seen before.

, Dear Uncle Ned,--I am sending you a piece of poetry, entitled:

,;,1 THREE LITTLE FAIRY BOYS.. Teenie and Tfilie and Toddle Were three little fairy 'boys, All their toys were useful things, And their useful thing's were toys. When they got up in the morning, They lay quite still in their beds; They always wore their hats on their feet, And wore their boots on their heads., Whenever the three were hungry,

They always had something-nYdrink ; Their fates were brown and curly, And their hair was white and Pink. When they wanted to see things well, They always ,turned out the light; And they never said "Good Morning," Till the middle of the night., And when they wished to be silent, They always started to talk; And when they wanted to sit quite still, • They went for a long, sharp walk. They called their mother "Daddy," 7 And called their father "Mum "; And when they wanted to make a noise,

They all remained quite dumb. When they Wanted to play at football, They had their supper at noon; Turned the north and south poles into goal posts G iud made a ball of tlie moos.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0150.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. ~ -..

===== 0002601_19061229_art0151.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
c ..1

===== 0002601_19061229_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

DECEMBER. FROM. WARRINGTON TO

- - Acton Bridge-7 14, 7 40, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 36, a 3 35,'5 16, 550, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 5 8 35, 9 58, 11 42, 11 55, a.m. 1 50, 4 46, '6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 60, p.m. a 31ondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays Only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 30, 78, 83, 058. 1142, 11 55 a.m. 150, 446, 628, 7 20, 8 37, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. b Saturdays only. Chester-7 34, 8 17, 9 10 23, 11 30 8.111. 12 30, 1 40, 1 58,2 30,319, 4 22, 5'6,0 4,754,8 5,10 20, 11 35 p.m. Sundays 8 44, a.m. 7 45, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green-7 5, 85, 8 23, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. 12 25 2 45, 3 45, 5 15, 6 37, 7 8, 7.40, 9 25, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 34, 9 sa.tn. 12 30, 230,3 19, 56, 64, 85,10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunhani Hill-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64, 744 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 7 3, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 9 25, 10 10,10 55, 11 35 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45,3 45,3 DO, 515, 637, 7 8, 7 40,9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all ao p.m. a ..turdays only. Sundays 746 835 843 a m 5 10, 6 0, 7 57, 9 5-1 p.m. Fiddle's' Ferry and Penketh-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 515,617, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsharn-7 31, 95,10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, 3 19.4 22, 56, 6 4,7 54, 10 20, all 35 p.m. Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75, 835, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 350, 515, 720, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 56, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam,Cadishead-7 0,7 508 8, 9 3 a.m. 22, 4 59, 710, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p:m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 35, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, G 10, 7 25, a 8 30,0 25 p.m. Sundays 6 30,8 46*a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool(C.L C.)-a4 40,5 35,7 5,7 55,8 2,8 50,9 5, 950, 10 30, 10 50, 11 50 am. 120, 12 50, 1 10, 27, 2a, 3 13,3 50, 3 56, 45, 4 10. 4 50, 5 50, 5 57, 6 50, 7 5 7 50, 80, 8 30, 8 55, 9 40, 10 4, 10 40, blO 42, 'bll 10, 11 50, 11 39 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays-only, c Saturdays excepted. Sundays 4 40, 335, 90, 955, 11 20 a.m. 220, , 2 39, 4 40, 6 0,7 10, 8 28, 9 18, 1020, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. 8: N.W.)-a4 51, a 5 25, 75, 7 27, 8 23, 8 25, 9 25, 10 9, 10 55, 11513 a.m. 1225, 155, 245, 3 20, 3 45, 347, 515, 617, 78, 740, 80, 925, blO 0, 10 30, bll 30 pan. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays, 4 51, 5 30, 8 35, 9 5 adn. 2 40, 3 28, 5 10, 60,8 0, 954 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 717, 753, 830, 859, 955, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 335 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, aB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a 'Saturdays only from. Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (1.. and N.-W)-2 55, a 4 45. b 4 56, 5 30, a 7 5 85, 8 .25, 8 35, 9 19, 925 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 18'. 1 15, 2,41, 2 45, 3 31, 426, 5 15, 5 53,. 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 9 22, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 453,740 a.m. 5 15, 6 0, 757, p.rn. a Mondays only Manchester (C.L.C.)- 7 0, 7 12, 7 58, 8 8, 8 55, 93, 053, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 55, 255, 3 55, 4 55, 4 53, 5 55,6 55, 7 10, 755 8 35, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 8 43, 9 37, 10 18, 11 32 rt.m 30, 3 15, 450, 50, 7 18, '8 55, 9 15,9 25, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 1020, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35 3 50, 725 p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 5,b45 43,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 35, 019,9 25,10 10,1040.10 55, 11 55, a.m. 12 18.1225 1 15,1 50,2 45, 331. 3 50,4 20, 4 50, 5 15, 033, 7 20, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56,7 46, 8 413, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Moniaya only. Padgate-7 0, 7 12, 88, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 12 18, 1 41, 3 55, 4 53, 5 33, G 5,7 10, 8 35, 915 10 10, 11. 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0;9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23,9 45, 109, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 320,347, 3 15, 6 17, 8 0, 10 0 pm. Sankey-7 5, 82,95, 10 0, 11 5 a.m. 120, blO, al 8, 2 15, 3 93, 4 10. 5 28, 6 28, 75,8 0, 90, blO 0, alO 37, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 22 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted: Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 347, 515, 6 17, 80, p.m. Sundays, 95 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. St. Helens (L. & N.-NV.I-7.5, 8.25, 10.10, 10 55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20, 3 45; 3.15, 6.37, 7.8, 7,40, 8.0. 9.25, 100, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 835, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0,..3.0,-9-31. P.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5. 833, a 9.36, 10.25, 11.2, a.m., 1.27, 3.18, 4 10, 53, b 6.20, 6 26, 7.40, 80, 9.0, 10.35, p.m. Sundays, 9.35 am. 2.6, 9.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-G 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 1253, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 5, 8 35, 9 53, 10 53, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 115, 1 50, 3 50, 4 46, 5 15, 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8, 10 23 p.m. - Sundays 8 43 a.m. 3 35, 6 0, 9 34p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95, 100, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, bl 8, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 528, 6 26, 7 5, 8 0, 9 0, alO 0, blO 37 p.m. a Saturdays only, b Saturdays excepted.

„TO WARRING roN FROM Acton Bridge-6 32,7 40, 8 51, 10 57 a In. 12 19, n 249, 353, 4 41, 7 20, 4 28. Sundays 759 am. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-7 50, 8 25, 9 55, 10 22 1110,12 45,1011. al 50, 38, 539, 6 43, 8 25, b 9 10, 10 5, p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 15 4 55, 8 45, p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. c Mondaya and Ssturdays only. Blackpool (L. N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 9 47, 11 25 a.m. 1 40, 3 28, 5 20, 7 0, 8 45, 100,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37, 5 8, 7 30 p.m. Chester-2 25, h 4 26, 7 23, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 10, 11 45 a.m. 2 0, 2 10, 30. 3 50, 5 18, 5 23,6 30, 7 35,8 10, 8 50p.m. Sundays 2 25,4 20, 6 30 a.m.6 55, p.m. b Mondays excepted. Collins Green-6 40, 79, 845, 1024, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 2 10, 3 5, 4 1, 538, 6 42,7 47, 9 6, alo 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Daresbury-8 11, 10 17,11 18 a.m.2 49,6 2,7 11,8 43 p.m. Sundays 723 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 n.m. 2.22, 35, 6 47, 822 p.m. Sundays 648 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Barlestown-7 2,7 13, 847, 850.9 15, 9 45, 10 28, 10 36, 11 23 a.m. 1238, 114, 23, 3 27, 5 10, 543 552, 655, 713, 88, 910, 934, 1047, all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 9 57, 10 3 a.III. 3 45,7 24,10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-79, 853, 942, 10 45 a.m. 12 3, al2 57, 24, 3 27, 54, 62, 6 58, 914 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Saturdays only. Frodshant-7 51, 90, 10 1, 11 1, a.m. 2 31, 4 11, 5 44,6 56, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 72, a.m. 724 p.m. Golhorne-0 -14, 8 26, 10 12,a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 431, 530, 7 15, 9 21,-z0 42. a.m. Sundays 940 n.m. 7 5 p.m. HelsbY-7 46, 8 56, 9 57, 10 57, a.m. 2 27, 47, 540, 654, 827, p.m. Sunday 6 53, a.m. 7 18, p.m. Irla.m and Cadishead-6 19, 6 48, 7 39, 9 53, a.m. 1 7,4 54,6 54, 8 53, 1120, p.m. Sundays 921, 11 0, a.m. 1 20, 2 22.6 55, 8 50, 10 0 p.m. Latchford-7 55,8 40, 9 22, 10 2, 11 11 n.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13. 30, 3 38, 4 26, b 5 39, 67, 6 49, 7 30, 9 52, cll 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 6 30, 7 30, 7 40, 8 20, 820, 8 :10, 8 40, 9 20. 9 30, 933, 1030, 115, 1130, 11 31 11 50, a.m. 1230, 12 50, 1 0, 1 30, 1 45, 2 30, 2 40, 2 41, 4 0, 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 36, 630, 635, 730, 7 35, 8 30, 836, 8 40, 9 30, 1)10 50, 11 0, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 90, 10 55, 11 15 a.m.2 20, 3 20,1 0, 431, 15,6 30, 8 30, 9 35, p.m, Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-2 35, 6 0, 6 10,8 10,8 35, 95, 930, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 21, 115, 2 45, 30, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25, 8 30, 90, blO 5, 1045, bll 15 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 15,9 20 s.tn.2 10. 6 30,7 15,1045 p.m. Lymm-7 48,8 32, 9 14. 9 54,11 34. m. 111, al 37, 25, 25'). 350, 4 18, 115 31, 5 59, 6 41, 7 31,9 43, 11 21p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Sundays 8 15 a.m. 2 25, 715 p.m. Manchester (Central)-6 0; 6 30, 7 30, 8 80, a 9 5, 9 SO, 983 10 5, 10 30, 10 35' 11 10 a.m. 1230, 1250, 130, 2 30, 3 80, 3 15, 4 30, 435, 5 30. 60, 6 30, 6 35, '7 10,7 30, 830, 835, 9 20, 10 20, alO 50, 11 0 p.m.. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 30, 9 5, 9 30, 10 30 a.m. 1 40, 2 0,2 5,5 40, 635, 8 30, 9 40 p.m. Manchester (London Rond.l-7 5,7 50,9 25, 10 30, a.m. 12 30, 15,2 0, 2 55, 3 40, a 5 0, 5 20, 65, 6 55, 95, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 730. a.m. 140, 630 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Moore-6 56,9 6, 11 9 a.m. 1222, a 3 1, 4 8,4 55,. 733 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 4 58p.m, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only, Neyrton.le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.rn. 12 35, n 1 5. al2B, 141, 37, 4 48, 55, 5 33, 540,627,730,85, 931, 103, 114, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 100 a.m. 3 40, 7 20, 11 7 p IT. a Saturdays only. Padrgate-6 30, 6 58,7 55, 820,90, 103 n.m. 120, 2 0, 5 5, 6 18, 7 5. 96. 10 25, 11 32 p.m. Sundays 8 52, 11 14 a.m. 2 33, 9 12, 10 14 p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 831, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14, 3 7.4 40, 5 41, 6 30, S 10, 10 10 p.m. Sankey-7 50, 8 27, 9 30, 10 19, 10 55 a.m. 12 36 1 22, 1 40, 2 35, 3 4:3, 4 35, 5 26, 5 36, 625, 7 25' 8 54, 9 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 48, 8 28, p.m.

Southport -8 0, 9 5, 10 15, 10 40, 12 25, 1 30, 2 45, 4 5, 4 10, 5 25,7 15,8. 5,a9 5,10 .o.Sundays 9 0,2 0, 7 50, a Saturdays only. Thelwall--7 Si, 3 33, 318, 9 53 11. 7 al 41, 2 9, 2 55, 3 31,4 22;) 5, 35, d 3, 6 45, 7 35,0 47, 11 23 p.m. Snadays,-3 19 a..m. 2. 50, 7 19 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (L. au.l N.-W.) b 3 10, 6,33, 8 15, 9 17, 0 54, 100, 11 33 a.7n. 125, 1 21, 2 30, 327, 4 20,4 55, 520 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. Widnes (0.L.C.)-8 17, 9 20, 106, 10 15 11 47, a.rn, 12 25, 1 20, 2 25, 3 31, -4 25, 5 15, 6 15, 7 15, 8 20, 922 all 10 p.m. a .Sattirdays only. Widnes (L. and N.-W.)-7 2, 845, 9 34, 1039, 11 55 VII. 12 52, 2 2, 3 23, 3.53, 455, a 55, 6 50,6 6, 11 6 p.m. Sundays 8 14 a.m. 2 50,7 54, ll'6 p.m.

THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

Fixtures and Scoras for Season 1906-7.

o' WARRINGTON.

For Agst. Sep. 1. teigh 8. Hull home 33 7 15. St. Helens away 19 10 22. Widnes ......... 29. Broughton R. Oct. 6. Salford 13. Leigh Cup Tie 20. Huddersfield home 50 3 27. Barrow Cup Tie 31. Salford Nov. 3. Wigan home 12 5 10. Rochdale 17. Oldham Cup Tie 24. Hunslet 26. Swinton Dec. 1. Brougleton H.CupTie at Ivigan 6 15 8. Wigan away 2 20 10. Liverpool City away 40 7 15. Hunslet 22. Leeds Xmas 25. Leigh home 15 8 B.Day 26 Liverpool City home PostOned 29. Bradford away Jan. 1. Runcorn „ 5. St. Helens home „ 12. Hull " 19. Bradford home „ 26. Oldham Feb. 2. Widnes „ 9. Huddersfield „ 12. Halifax „ 16. Oldlram . home „ 23. Mar. 2. Broughton Rangers home „ 9. Swinton .. „ 16. Cup Tie „ 23. Runcorn away G. Fri. 29. Halifax Mar. 30. Rochdale home Apr. 1. Leeds

===== 0002601_19061229_art0153.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11111111

===== 0002601_19061229_art0154.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, - ,

===== 0002601_19061229_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
1H ~ I , , I :i.

I

I -

===== 0002601_19061229_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

1906. For Agst. Sept. 1 Oldham „ 8 Widnes away 3 11 „ 15 Widnes ......... „ 22 Leigh „ 29 Swinton Oct. 6 St. Helens , . away 22 8 „ 13 Widnes Cup Tie away 14 5 „ 27 Salford Cup Tie Nov. 3 Salford „ 10 Wigan away 18 13 „ 17 Broughton RCupTie away '0 5 „ 21 Liverpool City home 50 0 „ 24 Barrow Dec. 5 Broughton Rangers away- 3 16 „ 8 Liverpool City may 32 0 „ 15 Swinton „ 22 Hull home 30 1 „ 26 Oldham „ 29 Halifax Jan. 1 Warrington away „ 19 Barrow away „ 26 York Feb. 2 Hull away „ 9 Leigh „ 16 York away „ 23 St. Helens home Mar. 2 Halifax „ 23 Warrington „ 29 Salford away „ 30 Wigan home April 1 Broughton Rangers home

===== 0002601_19061229_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES.

1906. For Agst. Sept. 8 Runcorn home 11 3 15 Runcorn

. - - „ 22 Warrington away 2 31 „ 29 St. Helens Oct. 6 Rochdale Hornets away' 0 17 „ 13 Runcorn Cup Tie home 5 11 „ 20 Liverpool City „ 27 Wigan home 9 27 Nov. 3 St. Helens „ 17 Dewsbury „ 24 Rochdale Hornets home 13 0 Dec. 1 Leigh „ 22 Barrow Jan. 5 Liverpool City home „ 12 Wigan away „ 19 Dewsbury Feb. 2 Warrington ...., home „ 16 Leigh „ 23 Barrow Mar. 2 Hull away „ 23 Liverpool City., April 1 Hull

===== 0002601_19061229_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

1906. For Agst. St3pt. 1 Swinton home 6 10 , 8 Rochdale Hornets home 27 6' 15 Warrington ~ 22 Btrrow away 3 31 „ 29 Widnes away 5 11 Oct. 6 Runcorn „ 13 Oldhais Cup Tie home 14 17 „ 20 Pontefract " 27 Leigh Nov. 3 Widnes home 10 7 10 Salford away 26 13 17 Keighley away „ 24 Keighloy home 18 9 Dec. 1 Batley ... away 5 39 „. 15 Rochdale Hornets away ••• 8 14 „ 22 Broughton Rangers home 7 14 25 Liverpool City „ 26 Wigan home Postponed Jan. 1 Batley home „ 5 Warrington away 19 Leigh , , „ 26 Swinton Feb. 2 Broughton Rangers away „ 9 Pontefract „ 16 Barrow home I „ 23 Runcorn Mar. 2 Salford „ 29 Wigan ~ 30 Liverpool City

COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of commercial failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, December 21st, was 158, viz. :—New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, ST ; Deeds of Arrangement registered, 71. The respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were : Bankruptcies, 90 ; Deeds of Arrangement, 93—Total, • 183 ; being a decrease of 25. The total number of commercisl failures recorded during the 51 weeks of the present year is 8,229 ; the total number recorded in the corresponding 51 weeks of last year was 8,870, shown a decrease of 6-11.

ar-3

===== 0002601_19061229_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
,61

FOOTBALL

Victoria St

NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

, RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S MATCHES. 1 G. T. P. G. T. P. i . I Oldham 4 2 11 *Rochdale H. ... 0 2 61 *Halifax *Widnes *Leigh Broughton R. *Runcorn 3 8 30 Hull *Leeds *Hunslet *Dewsbury *Bradford 4 3 17 Batley *Wrakolield T *Swinton 3 2 15 Salford

EU SSEYS,/ Stri cvl-.6.5 A.B)RLALrici.FAmRENDT.S, 701DEs A SPLENK, GAME. lko•q:.() T1.L1r..,..1) 40.:),‘ItmL.4Trs.F.M. (*. : ttl‘ " 36,AIVELi7111:4ATT.SNOON . At ) t 6, 41 .1!... ' ~..- JAL. -/ -"'"''''Z' / , - .- - ',--.--: -. ,- - --, ~,. .-_ .• .. _ :..;,-_ ,E . - --;, - - --_,__;,_4w,--. _.., ._ ~- - f--- -,- -- ;- - - -..,/,;,- :,,'; i - - - r * (. n- 14 t ZIG '6 'e .r ' ' ' I 4:., , •,.. , 77 A ) TA Apply to Deilels for TOB ussey's Catalogue OR 16 & 38, Queen ' treet, London.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Thrashed at Leeds.

Warrington's visit to Leeds on Siturclay proved most disastrous, for the Wirepullers suffetei the most crush- ing defeat they have had for some seasons, and one that was quite unexpected. Though such men as Fish, Hockenhall, Lees and Taylor were absent, the team was considered strong enough to give Leeds a hard fight. The home lot were, hovrever,in great form and favoured by some luck they beat Warrington by 27 points to 3. There was a crowd of about 4,000 and the teams were as follows :

Leeds—Young, back; Evans, Thomas, Llewellyn, and Rhodes, threequarter backs ;. Ward and Brayshaw, half backs ; Watts, Wainwright, ,Aunn, Birch, Webster, and Stead, ferwards. . -

Ward gton—Ber;y, back ; Lan do r, Isherwood, Dickinson, and Brooks, threequarter hacks ; Jordan and Jenkins, half backs ; Preston, Boardman,Thomas, Beath Naylor and Harmer, forwards. .

, geferee, Mr. W. McCutcheon, Oldham. Touch judges Messrs. J. M. Seclinan, Dewsbury, and H. Tomes, York. Leeds attacked immediately after the kick-off, and were unluckly not to score from a forward rush within the first two minutes as the bill was carried over the I line. A second similar rush, however, ended in Watts forcing his way over, Brayshaw failing at goal. A minute or two later Thomas broke away and.passed. I The ball was not taken, but Lunn was up and stftggled over, Brayshaw adding an easy goal. Then Brayshaw sent the ball over the bar from a penalty kick awarded against the visitors for palpable obstruction. The next score catne as the result of a curious bit of play. Clever passing by Leeds took the ball to the Warring- ton quarter, where Evans missed his pass. Landor tried to kick the ball away but missed and Evans picking up ran over easily. Smart punting by the Warrington backs and quick following up saw Young beaten at the other end. Harmer snapped up the ball and ran behind the posts but was ruled off-side. Just before half-time a forward rush euded in Webster scoring. The position was an easy one, hut Brayshaw sent the ball wide. At the interval Leeds led by 16 points to nil. Hedy in the second half Warrington were credited with their only points. A bit of fine passing and re-passing was seen between Isherwood, Dickinson, and Brooks, which resulted in the last-named going into touch. Then, however, the ball went right across to the other wing, Jenkins cleverly beating the home halves and sending on to Landor who galloped over with a try which was the result of a brilliant movement. Preston failed to add the goal. Immediately afterwards some clever passing between Ward,,Thornas, Llewellyn, and Rhodes ended in the last-named scoring. No goal resulted. Then Webster scored his second try after a fine forward rush. Brayshaw again failed with the goal hick. There was next a smart burst on the part of Brayshaw and L'ewellyn, the latter making a lot of ground, and then passing to Stead when facing Berry. The Leeds forward had no difficulty in scoring. Bray- shaw added a goal from a po4ition n.ar the poets. After this the play was even, and the defence of neither side was again penetrated. Thus Leeds won by 3 goals and 7 tries (27 points) to a try (3 points).

===== 0002601_19061229_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES v. BARROW.

Played at Widnes, before a very poor attendance. The opening exchanges were in favour of Widnes, and then the Barrow backs came away with a rush, and Fox was within an ace of scoring when he was collared. A com- bined movement on the part of the Widnes backs ended in Davies scoring a fry, but Tilley failed to improve. Widnes kept op the attack, and Barrow were penalised close in, but Davies felled to kick a goal from a very easy position. Half-time score :—Widnes 1 try (3 points), Barrow nil. The second half was all in favour of Widnes, but try as they. might they could not cross the Barrow line, owing mainly to the fine defence set up by Gifford. From a scrummage under the posts, however, Lally dropped a goal, and just before the finish Mellor, for Barrow, managed to kick a goal from a penalty. Result :—Widaes 1 goal 1 try (5 points), Barrow I goal (2 points). RUNCORN DEFEAT HULL. Played at Runcorn, before 1,000 spectators. In the opening stages the home forwards dribbled well into the Hull half, but Taylor and Wallace transferred play to the Runcorn end, where Butterworth relieved. After several scrummages in midfield Jolley' passed to Williams who rushed over and scored, Jolley failing at goal. Wallace and Burchell gained ground for Hull, and after several exchange kicks, Wallace dropped a goal from almost half-way. Resuming, Pad bury and Moran took play to the Hull end, where W. Carroll was injured, and left the field, Hull being left with only twelve men. After a scramble near the Hull line Deakin scored at the corner, Jolley again failing with the goal kick. Jolley, Wallace and Moran gave a fine exhibition of passing, but Wallace, Parry and Harrison replied with a similar display. In returning the ball Taylor gave Moran a fine chance, and he, after a short run, passed to Butterworth, who scored, Jolley failed to improve, but was succesful a few minutes later after a fine try .by Deakin. Half-time score: Runcorn 1 goal 4 tries (14 points), Hull 1 goals (2 points). After the interval Runcorn asserted themselves, and in quick succession Padbury; Butterworth, and Deakin scored trieselolley being successful with two of the goal kicks. Taylor had plenty of work to do, but defended in brilliant fashion. Parry and Cooke made several good attempts to break through, but without success. Before the close Dixon got over, but Jolley failed with the goal kick. Result :—Runcorn 3 goals 8 tries (30 , points), Hull 1 goal (2 points). CHRISTMAS DAY MATCHES.

Leeds 4 6 26 Bradford..., ...... 1 4 14

Dowsburi 2 2 10 Wakefield T 2 0 4 Wigan 1 8 26 RechdaleH 1 3 n Oldham 2 1 7 Swinton Hull_ 5 2 16 York 2 3 :3

_ ... . Wszrington Salford Batley St. Helens 6 10 42 Liverpool City 0 0 0 Halifax

WARRINGTON v. LEIGH.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
Fine Game at Wilderspool

The Christmas Day fare at ‘Varrington att:acted a crowd of over 6,000. Leigh were the visitors and brought a strong team, while Warrington were also fairly represented. The weather was perfect, with the ground just a little on the hard side, but suitable for a very fast game. Early on Warrington were aggressive, and after Isherwood bad been pulled up on the line, Leigh were penalised for obstruction, and Preston placed a goal. The visitors retaliated, and good work by Molyneux and S. Johnson led up to Butler scoring. The game continued of a ding-dong nature, and the Outcome of splendid work by Jenkins and Dickinson resulted in the former scoring. Leigh again pressed, and smart passing resulted in S. Johnson defeating candor and Berry, the visitors crossing over with a lead of six points to five. Turning round Warrington forced the pace in effec- tive fashion, and repeated efforts to cross by Brooks were baffled by sound defence. Whitter put Leigh further ahead with a dropped goal. Eventually Lees scored cleverly, and Preston placed his side ahead. Leigh were next penalised for obstruction, and Preston placed a goal. From flue work by Isherwood,Dickenson also scored. Result :—Warrington 3 goals 3 tries (15 points), Leigh 1 goal 2 tries (8 points).

BOXING DAY RESULTS.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
yilthrlieS

G. T. P. G. T. P. Oldham 2 1 7 Runcorn Barrow 1 4 14 Swinton Hudder.sfleld 1 CURES when all other Remedies fai Leeds 1 4 14 Salford ............0 2 Hunslet 3 3 15 Bradford ..... ... 3 2 14 IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC Hull Dewsbury LEAGUE LEADERS DEFEATED. 1 The Worst Corns and Bunions. --- 1 It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on thi Oldham Win at Runcorn soles of the feet. If you suffer try a box, you will At Runcorn. A foot of snow had covered the ground never regret it. in the morning, but quilean army of men were engnged . Boxes 1/Ik. of 'all Chemists. to clear it away, and the field was pronounced fit for AI Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham play. Runcorn were as selected, but Oldham were M.

Vft),

===== 0002601_19061229_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
m

short of Cash. The referee, F. Kennedy, failed to turn up, and J. ii. Smith, of Widnes, olficiated. Richardson kicked off 1.,•r Runcorn, and some lively foot-work plrty ixthg taken to the Oldham quarter. A grar.d bout of plssing took the ball to Deakin, , v,ho touched the corner flag in grounding. Jolley

started several bouts of passing, but they went astray. Runcorn kept . play in the Oldham half. ; Yewlett intercepted a pcss and made a grand run, kick- ing over Harrison's head. In the race for tke line , Harrison won and kicked dead. From the drop-out Ferguson marked, and kicked a goal. Holding the lead Oldham kept Runcorn in their own half. Walker went ; away with a dribble, but Tyson stopped if splendidly. Oldham pressed and Smith, in some scrambling f work got over„bat the hall was called back. Runcorn, principally through Moran, reached the Oldham quarter but were driven out. The game was even and lively. Oldham viere awarded a penalty, and Ferguson kicked ! another goal from just inside the centre line. Oldham forced the pace, and the Runcorn defence was severely I tested. From a pass Avery ran in with a fine try. . Ferguson failed to goal. Evenflay followed until Jolley I ; started a movement which caused Thomas to kick in ! touch. Oldham pressedseverely, biecould not score. IHalf-time :—Oldhain 2 goals I try, Runcorn 'nil.' Re- starting. Oldham at once reached the Runcorn qnarter line by good kicking. Deakin marked and sent play to ; the centre, and from a dribble Butterworth scored a fine try. Jolley failed at goal. Runcorn played with ; redoubled energy' and Thomas kicked splendidly to , touch. Some line kicking took place, ending in Thomas ; marking on his own line, an operation be repeated a • moment later. Off-side play lost Oldham a lot of I ground. Deakin went off with a dribble, but overran , the ball. The Oldham line had several narrow escapes. Harrison was injured and carried off the field but resumed in ten Minutes. Moran scored after fine pass- ing, but Jolley missed the kick at goal, and also missed a grand chance for a penalty goal. Oldham played a marvellous safety game, marking repeatedly. Result : Oldham, 2 goals 1 tries 7 point ; Runcorn, 2 tries. 6 points

===== 0002601_19061229_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

Warrington Cup SIICOND ROUND-REPLAYED TIE.

KNUTSFORD v. WARRINGTON Af,nioxs.—After making a draw of two goals each a fortnight ago at Warrington I these teams met on Saturday at gnutsford. The start was delayed about an hour owing to the late arrival of the Albions. The game opened fast and the visitors were the first to attack, Gregson sending a beautiful I centre to Trow, whom Webb tricked. Knutsford at ' once penetrated the Warrincton quarters and a !corner was conceded. S. Wych passed to F. I Wych, and with an open goal before him he , miss-kicked. Cox, however, tried to make I amends, and from a thirty yard'' range he , shook the cross-bar. Just before the interval Spruce 1 was called upon, and twice in succession he effected magnificent saves. In the second half both teams ! played in ding-dong fashion, and in the early stages the , home team experienced real hard lines, and on each i occasion the centres ‘vere perfect, but the net could not be found. The Albions did not lose confidence, and the ; forwards made a determined attack on the home defence, Spooner getting a goal. Following this the home team went more strongly than ever, and getting at close quarters, Drinkwater shot across to Bentley, who was waiting and into the net the ball was dispatched. Time was fast drawing to a close, but linutsford felt confident ,of success. However, the Albions again obtained the I lead, and tife game ending in favour of them by two I goals to one, gave them the right to compete in the third round.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
Billiard Match.

An iuterosting billiard match took place on Thurs- • day evelting between teams representing the War- ! • • rington Catholic Young Hen's Society and the Farmers' lExchange Club. There was a large attendance at the 7 Farmers' Exchange Club to witness the contest which resulted in a victory for the Catholic Young lien's Society by a majoi ity of 98. The most exciting game was between Councillor Owen Toole (president of the ICatholic Young Alea's Society) who on this occasion I captained the Farmers' Club and Hr. IL Ounniugham. (ice-pres'dent of the Catholic Young Hen's Society) who acted as captain of the Catholic team. .fr. Cunningham was victoricus by 14 points.

"TN BIRDLAND."

London: T. Fisher, I.7nwin, Paternoster Square 2s. In Birdland with Fiold Glass aril Camera " by Oliver Pike, is a fascinating volume, both for its subject matter, its author, and the agreeably chatty style in which he writes. It speaks well for he book that it is in a second edition. The illustrations are from photo- graphs taken by the author, and they are really beauti- ful. By the way there is a curious misuse of the word "lay", on pp. 53 and 64,Sarely "lie" in the proper word; unless in the latter case the past tense is intended, whtch seems doubtful. Of the book itself we have nothing but praise. The author is justly " down " on the wilful pilferer of nests, and the unnecessary and wholesale destruction of bird life. His method we have long judged to be by far the best for a serious study of natural history. Careful patient, plodding observations of the habits and habitats of birds will be ultimately rewarded with a rich store of first hand-knowledge. We only wish Mr. Oliver Pike, whose book we have much enjoyed bad given us some of his impressions on the colour of birds, and whether he bad noticed any modification therein due, say to locality, food, or any other cause. We cordially com- mend the volume to every lover of Nature's feathered singers.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
r Nr.40% 491

"FOR THE BLOOD I 8 THE LIFE."

===== 0002601_19061229_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
COFFEE ESSENCES

EDINBURGti

ts"RE_Ii?SE ALL /M/TAT/0N5.1

===== 0002601_19061229_art0169.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• 4e; /

===== 0002601_19061229_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY. dec.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0171.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
EMI

THE

===== 0002601_19061229_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

or GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

"QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS!! " Mona Cottages, Coalville, Leicestershire, ! Juno 4th, 1904. Dear Sir,—l thank you for the good I have received from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two ! months ago and tried almost everything, but got no better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that LITER TAKING THEM FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CORED ; 'WU so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs , Being a miner_you may guess how I suffered, but thanl:s ! to your Pills I have never felt the least pain since. I recommend them to everybody myself. Yours gratefully, JAMES WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all juriQus matter, andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is .licl.and 2s 9d, or sent I . . .

post fre for stamps or P:O. b; the Proprietor GEOR E EADE; 232, Goswell road, London.

EUMATIC PILLS,

===== 0002601_19061229_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
L ETT.ERPRESS PRINTINQ ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION, BALANCE SHEETS TIME BOOKS, MILL WORK, CATALOGUES, EXECUTED AT THE LOWEST PRICE WITH THE GREATEST DESPATCH. JOHN WALKER & CO., REMY STIOLT, WABRIEGIGH

===== 0002601_19061229_art0174.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
614 Oft t efa

===== 0002601_19061229_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

ilsed In the 'Royal t4uadrles. Should be used In every house. Once tried, always wgoted. ..‘AKES OLD LINEN lan NEW. greatest boon ever offered to theLantidress for Imparting so ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, &a. It does not stick to spider-web-like materials. Sold everywl,re In Packets at Id., 3d., and 6d, each. PRIMARY]) ONLY BY T. ORITeRLRY, Chemist. BLACKBURN. 7, Wl:near-no Street, London, B.C.

IgATING9S Ai Tll‘. - • .. ..10.z.41.,i.cw

'lO .V The

===== 0002601_19061229_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
CURE THE WORST COUGH

EitITY THE ORPMA.K. X Thokands of Parasits Isßlocl k ask Wool in Armenia and Macedonia. What's to to dace with Mk Children? 411A611 1121,r. Howaras IMAI.L. ORD KINNAIRD, Tresaicer 8.L.M.A.111., slalm STRIIII, 18TIA2cD, LOYDON, W.O. DR. FITZ CIFERALD' S

===== 0002601_19061229_art0177.txt | included=true | included =====
. n

THE WONDERFUL NEW REMEDY FOR GOUT. Will giTe immediste rel'et, goes to Use spot, aidp speedy cure effected. Try a bottle withcat delay other mecEcinea bare failed. Proncaneed to ba time ffaest Medicine for Gcut yet ittroduocd. ule &Realms : H. THOMPSON k 00., Mairrisaceuaixe Onassiase, MPS Southampton /Milano, Cbaneery Lane, London. Price SOS per battle I:portage St ming.

The BRLDIPORD COSTUME MANUIPAeTUAINO Ce, are prepareA t o send L. r.,;urn On• Smart Up-to-date Tailor-made Costume Skirt in f;plrndid victuse. Cloth, for 3/- and 4d. pcotsge. Black, Navy, Grey or Brown, any sin, send waist and tenth and colour required. This is a genuine Tailor-made Oar- ment, wLich will give every satis- faction to the wearer. Send order tp.daytoTEIBSIADTOOD COSTI72III MANITVACTITRING CO., 4 HINCA- /LUTZ Sr., BILADPORD, TOMCG.

„ efN •.1., ”

===== 0002601_19061229_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
ARE YOU SAIISFIED

With your Hair and skin P If not, try the remarkable - toilet preparations inventtd by the popular novelist,

JOHN STRANGE WINTER (Mrs. Stannard), fcr bar cwn we, now placed on iwle t.y her. Write to I.er to-day for 11, oklet and full details, na-nicg this paper, and address later or post- card to 'Joist( STI:ANGE WINTER,' 14 West Eensington Mansions, London. W. MIECOX..X.CIrC7I7..d&-"g3L'Eg

Celebrated Anti-Spasmodic Tonic

===== 0002601_19061229_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
GIVES INSTANT RELIEF

For Spasms, Colic, Diarrhcea, Flatulency, Indigestion, Weak Action of the Heart, Faint in the Chest. Side, Back, dtc. Most comforting and strengthening. NEVER KNOWN TO FAIL. WONDERFUL RESt7LTS. Sold in bo:tles„ 1/- and 2/6; post free Inland 2/9. from the PROPRIETOR. Brourhaut, Wilts. LONDON DEPOT: 1 Graham Avenue, West Ealing, W.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

ELENIONE NO. 355 Y

PRINIING.

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

JOHN WALKER AND .CO.,

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, .tc., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

pVOICKS, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattorn on b:ue, white, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

IRCLARS in the neateot style, from modun type, and ot the beet workmanship,

pROGRAIIMM fnr Entertaininent2, Concerts .tc.. In the latest artlatio style.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION woRKS.

SICK, RECEIPT, and L,UBSCRIPi lON BOORS Pt inted, Bound, liurnbero.d and Perforated to order.

FIANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HI MN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song. Feetivali, &c.

OATALOGIJE3 '.'ur Public It'd Private Librarie Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

PRICE LISPS Printed on card or paper iilllB trated, If required.

ADDRESS or. VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

ACCOUNT BOOKS, TICKET BOOKS, FOOTBALL FIXTURES, CRICKET FIXTURES.

EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING

:EXECUTED AT SHORT NO7ICEC _

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS.

Attention Is Invited to oar NW FOUHIS OF TIE% and WOOD LETTER for Large Posters. FOR ALL RUSD,SIOF HEAT POSTERS EXTRA LAWNS SUB. 40 x 60 One Sheet.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS

IN THE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0182.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

JOHN WALKER AND eo

"EXAMINER" OFFICE.

Biwszr SIREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0183.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-ez •

===== 0002601_19061229_art0184.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
F-

===== 0002601_19061229_art0185.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r

===== 0002601_19061229_art0186.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

MEIN

•

I

I

===== 0002601_19061229_art0187.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MHZ

===== 0002601_19061229_art0188.txt | included=true | included =====
rr

.

,

%PP

I

'.''.l-. '

_

• t e*

. " _ - _

8

011

S

II

III•

I

I

0 , • • -. „.. • .Z . _ -

===== 0002601_19061229_art0189.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LEGISLATION OF 1906.

By R. C. LEHMANN, M.P.

Mr. Dirrell last year, in writing cli " The Legislation of 1905,7 had some characteristic things to say on the "at- tenuated, . starved - cat - like appearance" presented by the yearly Statutes of Mr.l Balfour's regime. The red volume in I which year by year the Acts are collected / and printed had indeed become less and I less worth the 3s. which it costs the- studious citiy,,n, anxious, so far as he is concerned, to disiipate the legal fiction I that we each of us know what the law is. To be quite fair, Mr. Balfour, by getting , on to the Statute Book a minimum of Statutes, was for once keeping his pledge. In July, 1904, he had sought to rally and reassure his perplexed and wearied fol- lowers in the House of Commons by pro-1 raising them that if they would loyally go on voting for him he would, neither that I year nor next, "unduly burden" them with "overmuch legislation." No one can ever accuse him of not having been as bad as his word. Last January, however, a peaceful revo- lution took place. The country, only too glad at last to have the chance, armed Sir Henry Campbell - Bannerman with an unequalled Parliamentary —or rather (and t the correction makes all the difference) 1 House of Commons majority. Mr. Ball four's bodyguard of Tory Members, • fearful above all things that they would I be compelled to lead the strenuous legisla- Nye life, were scattered to the four winds, and in their stead came a solid phalanx of reformers. The legislators whose motto was -" What can't be cured must be en- dured" were displaced by others whose guiding principle is "What can't be en- dured must be cured." And even the House of Lords has not been able to pre- vent the results of the change being writ large upon the Statute Book. What the size of the red volume for 1906 will be it is impossible as yet to say, for this bird's-eye survey is made before the session of 1906 is over. There 'was so much to be done after an almost unbroken Tory period of twenty years, there was so much eagerness amongst Ministers and Ministeiialists to get to work to catch up arrears and to remedy grievances, whether created or neglected under Tory rule, that the limits of an ordinary session proved all too short. Parliament rose, as usual, in August, only to reassemble in October to give a couple of months' hard work to bills as yet not fully considered. One poor Tory Member has actually complained that it is "very hard on him," because "if this Parliament is distinguished for one thing more than another it is for its extraordinary attention to business."

FEBB.IIAIIY-A TIGI7ST.

. First let me deal with the legislation "., safely steered through both Houses before the August adjournment, reserving for the ,• second (though not secondary) place the ' more contentious body of legislation dealt -,-. with in the Autumn Sitting. ..: The Finance Act is the formal entry oil -, . the Statute Book of Mr. Asquith's first I Budget. In the nature of things the new • Liberal Chancellor of the Exchequer could .. not do anything very heroic. He was prac- tically bound to take over the Estimates of his predecessors, but he made a wise use of , his surplus of £3,000,000. The duty on tea , was reduced from 6d. to 3d.; the is. tax on ': exported coal was swept away alt6Sether ; from November Ist. Money was found for , the relief of certain districts where the education rate is, in sooth, an "intolerable ' strain," and for some excellent postal reforms. The Army Annual Act is ordinarily un- commonly like its predecessors, but this : year there was a new departure in that a . clause appears in it abolishing flogging in. - military prisons. The 'Justices of the Peace Act abolishes ▪ the property qualification previously re- quired of county magistrates. At last we ' • have got rid altogether of the notion that • the possession of property is any test of ,f.' the qualities of character, impartiality, . and responsibility which are required in a •'- magistrate. The broader the basis on which the magistracy rests, the freer it is ;. from tests, the more it will command and deserve respect. -, There are two measnres. of particular in- terest to agriculturists. The Dogs Act en- ables the stray dog to be seized and makes the dog's owner responsible for damage to it* horses and cattle, and for sheep-worrying. .• The dog is not entirely deprived of the : "free first bite" which up to now has 7 been his (and his owner's) privilege, but ' for the future the bite, if it is to be free, ” must be performed on a human being. In legal language, the farmer whose animals - are bitten no-longer has to prove that the • dog was known to possess a "previous - mischievous propensity." This Dogs Bill !' was first introduced in 1894, so slowly do 1 the wheels of legislation run with Toryism on the box. The Fertilisers and Feeding ;• Stuffs Act makes certain that the farmer is , , protected against fraud, since for the N. future he will know what it is he is buying. . The Labourers (Ireland) Act amends the , law relating to the provision of labourers' cottagers in Ireland by providing for more simple and efficient administration and '. cheaper loans. It was time that the Irish labourer got soMe attention from the State, which by the Land Act of 1903 had 't. done so much for the Irish landowner and . farmer. [ The Prevention of Corruption Act (intro- duced by Lord Halsbury, but adopted by the .... Government as a Government Bill) makes 1-- it punishable for an employee to accept .: bribes or secret commissions without his employer's knowledge, and the person giv- • ing the money or discount is equally !,. guilty. These secret payments -are/ the t curse of commerce, and it was high time -' that they should be checked by legislation. f. No one need be frightened into fearing that giving- or accepting the harmless Christmas box has been made punishable: .., The Revenue Act is important because . puts the very numerous manufactures - Which depend on the use of industrial. liot . alcohol on an equal footing with similar t industries abroad as regards the cost of the spirits. The keenest temperance re- former can look with equanimity on this " effort to increase the consumption of alcohol. This by no means exhausts the long list ••. of Government measures passed by August, but spttee forbids the mention of any more. Of the half-dozen measures introduced by f private Members, mention should be made Pz. of the Musical Copyright Act, which ;.- makes it illegal and punishable to sell un- authorised copies of copyright musical r compositions. , ~, $, THE AUTUMN SITTING. t First of all let, me deal with, three '. measures passed at the Autumn Sitting, - hich are all of fivet - class importance to e workers. • The Trade Disputes Act is a measure over which there has been 'a prodigious amount of , what. may be called pedantic . . . . .

excitement. Its ohict is to give -back to • the workers the right of effective combina- tion ,o 1 which they have been most unex- pectedly deprived by rccent decisions of the Courts; and this. is done by anynding the 14w Pi ron*piraey, by Husking pclweful

-, -

===== 0002601_19061229_art0190.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, December 29, 1906

picketing legal, and by me saieguarcring ox trade union funds. The workers get back in Council. schools and to continue de- nominational schools in uncle - school rights which they exercised for over a q u districts. When the " reconstituted ". arter of a ceuturi without any of ths 1 bill came back to the Commons there fearful c0u5...1..,.... .. ... . . freely pre- : dieted by Tory lawyers. 'a .is is the Act i was a general desire "to come to an which Mr. Balfour, aite:: i.:, had „tt,d , equitable compromise. Mr. Birrell said at once that the Lords' amendments . as a against all its four ( i:- a:., s, solemnly i whole were impossible but he indicated warned the House..of Lor:IS inust be " ao- •

some. further concessions in order to save the bill. Once again Mr. Balfour inter- vened to insist that there should be no peaceful settlement. The Irish Nation- alists, as representing the Roman Catho- lics, were satisfied. The Lords' amend- ments were rejected in a lump by a majority of four to one. The bill went back to the Lords. There were some private negotiations, and even some further Gov- ernment concessions. But it was all in vain. Mr. Balfour had achieved his pur- pose, and Lcrd Lansdowne, carrying out , his instructions, dealt the bill its death blow, despite the protest of so powerful a statesman as the Duke of Devonshire. Mr. • Balfour, the overlord of the House of • Lords, has his way at the moment, but his • triumph will be dearly bought. Never , again will the denominationalists have the refusal of so generous terms. As the Prime Minister said when the bill, already dead, was buried in the Commons, "the re- sources of the House of Commons are not exhausted," and a way must and will be found "to make the will of the people, as expressed through their representatives in the House of Commons, prevail." The other measure rejected by the Lords this autumn is the Plural Voting Bill. This was to make the rule in Parlia- mentary elections what it is already in County Council elections—that an elector , should vote once and once only. The Lords, knowing that the plural voter was a good friend of the Tory party, promptly came to his rescue and to that of the Tory party. , Here again the Lords cannot be allowed . _ _

eepted." Tories are ha-r. ti teach, but the General Election has, after all, taught them to fear the trade , ieuits. Did not Mr. Gladstong, say that „ Toryism was "mistrust of the people, qualified by fear"? The Workmen's Compenwition Act is an immense step forward. As it. stands, the Act is what is called a c,„onsolidatin,g one— it does not amend the • previous Acts of 1897 and 1900, but repeals them, so that in , this Act we have now the whole of the law as to this subject. The effect of re-de- fining "workman " is to compensate for the first time 6,003,000 workers, including workers in workshops and on transport service, shop assistants, seamen, clerks, and , domestic servants. •No compensation was , payable by the Act of 1897 in cases of accident disablinr, the workmen for less , than a -fortnight. That, period is re- '7l:.!ed to a week, whilst if the accident taisables for a fortnight, or more compensa- Ton is payable from the date of the acci- dent. For 1 the • first time provision is made for compensation for certain diseases con- tracted in certain dangerous employments. ! This is only the briefest outline of the outstanding features of a measure of the very greatest importance to the workers. No time could be found in 1905 to pass the very much less comprehensive bill in- troduced by Mr. Balfour's Home Secretary. The Merchant Shipping Act. is docu- mentary proof of the fact that Mr. Lloyd- George can be as permissive in office as he was effective in Opposition. On no sub- ject is legislation more difficult (as Mr. . .

-Chamberlain "in his Radical days" once discovered), and it is a real feat for Mr. Lloyd-George in his first year to have put en to the Statute Book what is certain to

to flout-the wishes of the elected, respond- ibis Chamber.

prove of great service alike to shipowners and seamen. To summarise its eighty odd clauses would be impossible, but the sea- man benefits by lic.ing secured for him more food, better cooked, and of better quality. -He will have more cubic space, will be able to send part of his wages more easily to his wife and family, and

.hen he is ill will have his doctor's bill paid. The shipowner will benefit in various ways, principally by beim.. protected (a little "p," if you please') against the foreigner to this extent, and to this extent only that foreign ships using British ports will have to conform to the same regulations as British ships. Tariff Re- formers are hailing this as a piece of Pro- tection (with a capital " P "), but it is nothing of the kind. If a German firm started a factory in gent they would hays to conform to our factory laws. If German ships trade in British ports, it is only ,ble the should keep R ;h shi*

reasonath they ping regulations.

iritis,

ake—ay, and now I would if I could do it ‘vithou t helping my rival." , , ! " But that cannot he. To help me you must help -- him. Remember that, Edwin. Will you accept the [By Thomas Saunders.; • work ?" Author of :—" A Midnight Tragedy," " Sir Archi- He sat irresolute. ltemories of bygone days flitted bald's Opponent," " The Mud Wi)man of Di'stone across his mind. The days at Oxford, when Madge Rectory," "Judith Mancaster,B midnight Ride," Merryweather, the don's daughter gave him smiles of itil Godfrey Marsden came upon. the

"John-Garrisen's Gold," &C., &c. - ' encouragement, unt .I. scene and ousted him from her affections. If ever a young wife was devoted to her husband, , " aehe said at length, " once your very smile it was Madge Marsden, the good looking daughter of ' was heaven to me ; now it is heaven to another man; an Oxford don. Many of the students of her father's and yet you ask me to help him." He turned his college, Balliol, had fallen in love with her, but only face further away, and continued : two had a ghost of a chance of enterirg a final corn- 1 " You do not understand. Once the touch of your petition for her hand. These were Godfrey Marsden, hand sent a thrill through me. Now it does that for and Edwin Hazlehurst. Both were passably hand- another man. Do you still asx me to help him, some, and both had brains ; but as only one could knowing the very thought stabs me ? " eventually win her, Godfrey Marsden became the ~ ", Yes, I do, Edwin •, I ask you still to help him, for accepted lover. he is my husband, and I love him." Now it is necessary to notice that both these rival , "Oh God ! " exclaimed Edwin Hazlehurst. " She lovers were ambitious to become famous in the loves him, and I know it." journalistic world. kccordingly they left the city i " But there is another reason why I beg you to do , of refinement behind, and entered the mad rush of this thing. If you grant my request you will conquer the metropolis, where this distinction could only : your feeling of revenge ; and you will be a better man I be attained, for the conquering." Edwin Hazlehurst carried all before him and era t "Au, Madge, again you do not understand," he three years had passed,had become sub-editor of one of said, sorrowfully. "Conquer, indeed ! I am myself the important dailies. After that he sprang suddenly into conquered. Long. ago I sold my soul to the devil. I the chair of the leading literary weekly, and his name i Yea, lam Satan himself. Have you not noticed my was made. ' rapid rise to prosperity? That is part of the bargain. , Godfrey Marsden was a failure, that is, he could Ala! you shudder. But it is true. - Once I was pure not make headway beyond common reporting. One n enough to kiss your fair lips, but now-- ~ reason was, that he had no business ability ; added 1 " Edwin, forbear. This is all the result of you 1 to this, be was bent on fame through the medium of ' nursing your disappointment. Be a man and 'put it authorship. Several of his stories had appeared in away.,, the penny weeklies, but he was determined to bring "Be a man ! " muttered the editor. out a longer work which would stagger the literary, "Yes, be good, and live down this disappointment. 1 world. For some time this craze of Godfrey's was You will find something in life to compensate you ' the cause of the old don's refusal to allow his daughter I for it.,, to marry her lover, for he had no faith in his ability "Newer Madge! All purity, love, virtue, has left but Madge's persuasive tongue in the end wore out me for ever. Once I would have laid my life down; the opposition, and she and Godfrey married, and . for you, but you would have none of it. You spurned I commenced housekeeping in a flat in a• street off me, and now lam past redemptiin." Euston-road. - "No, I never spurned you, Edwin." Three more years quickly sped, but Godfrey "Did you not ? Well, it all amounts to the same Marsden was still unknown in -the literary world. thing. You would have none of me. Now I am Many a time he would have given up if it had not . - pledged to the Prince of Darkness. lam Satan him-

_ . _ been for Madge's encouragement. True, there was not much impetps for her, poor girl, for often the miserable pittance earned by Godrey for reporting, together with an occasional guinea or two for a story, _ . . if al‘ luavv:-

ha—rdly found them in necessities, let alone luxuries, but she was a little brick, as Beatrice Harraden would say; and her indomitable courage held up the arms of her husband. His great work had been finished for some time, and she felt sure that before long it would go. But like all geniuses, Godrey was a 'bit stupid. He had made up his mind that it should appear in the great literary paper over which Edwin Hazlehurst presided.

self: an agency for wickedness." 1 Madge stood, shocked at the language of her old lover. She knew it was the result of an exaggerated disappointment. She would have pleaded again, both . . , - hr

..appointment. _ on behalf of his buried goodness and her husband's M.S, but she noticed the eyes of the man before her light up with a ptculiar brtghtness. There was a diabolical cunning about the look which flashed out from beneath the dark lashes. "Madge," he exclaimed, " I will accept Godfrey's M.S. on one condition. It is this : that from the Many kisses which by right he takes from your lips, shall be d for me. In other words—if you

dry paper over wawa Now had he consulted Madge about this, she would quickly have shown him the futility or such a scheme. It was hardly likely that Edwin Hazlehurst would help to lift into fame the man who had robbed him of the woman he loved. But Godfrey's common sense lay dormant, so this aspect of the case never appealed to him. He had sent the work to Hazlehurst for con- sideration, and promptly received it baLk again with the comment : Such fiction as The Ramparts of Reason ' is not suitable for my paper." Godfrey thought there was scalle mistake, and quickly returned it saying that if the editor would read it again he would find it just the very thing he wanted It was not sent back to Godfrey again. Months went by and nothing further was heard by

_ uining iur...— the author, of his M.S. Neither could he get any satisfaction by calling -at the office of the paper : the _

one _ spared for me. 111 Mum yo will allow me here and now to kiss your lips which once I hoped to kiss as by right, your husband's MS. shall be accepted, and the chance you crave for him shall be his." She drew back from him, horrified. Intense loath- ing was in her look as she gazed straight into his face. " You mean," she said, with trembling voice, rising from her seat and facing him unflinchingly, " that if I will allow you, whom you yourself style Satan, to kiss me, you will publish my husband's story ?" "That is it exactly, Madge ; and not a very great thing, is it ?" " Sir." she said with resolution, ignoring his last remark, " never will I so forget my husband as to aIIOW lother man's lips to touch mine."

to allow an „Ler ips " Sweet Madge " he insinuated, approachiaA her fide' -

===== 0002601_19061229_art0191.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW STREET SCHEME.

Local Government Board Inquiry to be Held.

OPPOSITION PROBABLE.

Notice has been given that Mr. F. J. Willis, barrister- at-law, one of the Local Government Board Inspectors will attend at the Town Hall, Warrington, on Wednes- day January 2.3 rd at 10.30 a.m. to hold an inquiry into the application of the Corporation for a Provisional Order. It is proposed by the said Provisional Order : 1. To authorise the acquisition of certain lands acquired by the Corporation from Robert Edward Garnett for the purpose of forming anew street, the said lands lying between but not adjoining Sankey-street and Rylands-street, and to the west of and adjoining certain other lands acquired by the Corporation under the Act of 1809 in connection with the improvement of Bridge-street. _ _ . .

_ 2. To authorise thk making and maintenance of a new street on the lands first above-mentioned and on

_ . All these three highly important Acts I , _..,ing as PaP°' " How I long to possess you. Such fiaelity : Happy part of the lands acquired in connection with the I editor was invariably out. But Madge understood it. 1 • Godfrey Ma aden to call you wife. And yet, Madge, were Government Bills. But there are other 1 improvement of Bridge-street including part of , is r ~ She knew the editor was determined not to publish measures for which the Government have 1 the passage or thoroughfare connecting Sank a kiss isn't much. afforded facilities by allowing them to be ' street with Patten-lane. journalistic etiquette cm; expect --eY- I the tale, and that no • could t She had recoiled from him, and stood with her back 3. To authorize theacquisition with the consent of the , him to return it a second time, to the wall as these words reached her. Like a flash of passed in Government time. I • Local Government Board, of any other lands and I The uncertainty was making Godfrey positively ill The Education (Provision of Meals) Act the execution of any works for the continuation and Madge wondered what she must do to help h lightning she flaw the man's character revealed. lin' Foolish woman, she thought, why had enables local authorities, at an annual cost of the new street to Sankey-street. He would come home at the close of the day, and, she come into temptation's way? Ah, why ? not exceeding a halfpenny rate, to provide 4. To make the tborrowing powers seating himself before the fire, give himself up to wers of the Corporation I . meals for hungry school-children. Where : . Board,lll setuto he under sathenscaid tion of the Local Government local Act, available for the ' gloomy reflection. Then they would retire to rest,and ,To help the men she loved best on earth. Then why ; should she not hold her lips up to be kissed by the man the parent can pay he is to be made to i purposes of the acquisition of the said lands and 1 for half the night he would toss restlessly about, before her? Thousands of her sex did it unblushingly pay. This excellent measure, brought in by , the making and continuation of the said new i thinking of " The Ramparts of Reason " and its fate. , for the mere pleasure of it. The would be doing it Mr. Tyson Wilson, a Labour Member, r - I street. 1 One night Godfrey &zed off to sleep unexpectedly, • for the happiness she would bring to her husband .ceived the hearty support of the whole Notice is also given that any person may attend such , and Madge lay thinking. Suddenly a thought of , Then why not ? inquiry. ‘Ve hear there 18 likely to be a good attend- I unusual brilliancy came to her, and, turning to see Liberal and Labour party. The principle ' , I Edwin Hazlehurst approached still nearer, and in ance and considerable opposition to the granting of the that her husband lay soundly asleep, she rose, and of parental responsibility is safeguarded, Provisional Order. , a sauve tone continued : hastily dressing, quietly left the house. but it is recognised to be at once inhumane . Passing silently but quickly along the deserted 1 " Madge, Ido not ask for much : one kiss, that is and wasteful to try to drill learning into a ! all. And the price I pay for it is the acceptance of hungry child. thoroughfares, she at last entered the street whele, by i ybour husband's story, which means fame and fortune. 'he lighted windows, she flAv that the geniuses of the ,ry, o ou consent ?' The Air•icultt - had -,. dawned , ~Y,

ral HI

Act,

'ntri

gricultu, _ tioldings ' intro- duced as the Land Tenure Bill by a Liberal County Member, was a good deal altered in order to get it through the two Houses. It was bitterly opposed, since it was supposed to attack " proputty, pro- putty, prop." As it now stands, it is a moderate but useful measure. It seeks to put the relations between landlord and farmer on a more businesslike footing. The farmer is protected against damage from winged game, permitted freedom of crop- ping, and awarded a measure of compensa- tion in case of unreasonable eviction. Even in its modified (and as some think muti- lated) condition, it should help g:sod farmers without injuring good landlords. The Street Betting Act, introduced by a Liberal Peer (Lord Davey) in the Lords, is designed to get rid of street betting, a temptation that sorely besets thousands who are led to put into risk what they (and their wives and families) cannot afford to lose. The Town Tenants (Ireland) Act seeks _

, newspaper world were at work. It . .never dawned "-No, never ! I would rather die here than allow upon her that only the subs and the lower strata Itivight I another man's lips to pollute mine." be there— she had thought that behind the lighted ! " Pollute indeed! Good heavens how you exaggerate windows of No.--Edwin Hazlehurst would be hard • , things, Madge." at work. " It means all that to Ina, and never will I consent But fortune was on her side, for when she had rung I to such a thing. I would never look Godfrey in the the office bell and gone through the ordeal of being , face again if f allowed you to kiss me." stared at by the clerk who answered the summons, " Nonsense, my little woman. You would make she was gladdened to hear that owing to some special I him the happiest of men, for fame as an author is the work, the editor was upon the premises, and woul I , very breath of life to him. Do you not notice that doubtless see her. . his health is failing for the want of this vivifying " But if it's M.S.S. you are smuggling in, influence ? Fame, the breath of life to him, Madge ! I can tell you, you haven't a chance. He'll fling And von can give it to him." them at you. He's so enraged about ' The Rampart I Was ever woman tempted so, thought Madge. To of Reason ' which some fellow has sent him, that I be able to help her husband had been her craving. can tell you the very mention of fiction drives him Now this power was within her reach. All the horror mod: We'er having the lives of dogs, here, at ,of submission to Edwin Hazlehurst's whim rose up present." " before her-- and yet how easily she could help With that the clerk led her up the staircase and in another minute she was being shown into the editor's 1 Godfrey. " 0-Lid help me ! " sho cried to herself, as Edwin sanctum. Everything in this office seemed to be Hazlehurst stood within a yard of her. worked at lightning speed, and she wondered. ! 1 Another second and she had drawn herself up with For a second or two the editor did not lift his gaze , dignity, and was gazing bravely at the man whose from the desk where he was writing, leaving his . visitor time to calm herself and prepare for his first i eyes were fixed longingly upon her. He spoke. 1 " Madge, I never once kissed you in the days gone look of surprise. When he wheeled his chair round, A - - . ---,on hi __ by. Never once. GL s- has had more than enough. _.

to give the Irish tenant in towns the benefit of the increased letting value created by his own improvements.

astonishment was writ large upon his countenance. For a moment they stared hard at each other, then j Edwin Hazlehurst JumpinE,r up quickly and begged hi be seated. Offering his hand he

Cannot you spare me one ? " "No, Edwin; not one. They are all for him. I belong entirely to him, and I dare not let me kiss me Be -

The Public Trustee Act sets up a publie trustee, a new Government official who will cheaply and securely act as trustee, and so make certain that trust money is not lost whether through negligence or even fraud on the part of the trustees. THE WRECKAGE OF THE YEAR. This article is concerned with "the _

As visitor to le even once. _. a man and resist the temptation. Let exclaimed : me go home whether you accept the story or not." "I cannot but be surprised to see you Madge, for I But the thought of her leaving the room without his had not thought fate would ever again allow me a few lips pressing hers, quickened his resolve, and before moments undisturbed conversation with you. May I she was aware of his purpose he had slid his arm inquire what is your business at this late hour? I around her shoulder, and, pulling ner face towards noticed you would not send the nature of it up by the him, pressed his lips to hers. clerk A.° attended you. I hope nothing is wrong at He as quickly withdrew his arm again, and she fell home, from him shivering like an aspen leaf. A. moment "1 came to speak with— —,uld -

Pot' about my husband's MS,

legislation of 1906," but even so it would be incomplete and out of perspective if something were not added as to the two bills which have been wrecked by the House of Lords, that "mere branch of the Tory Caucus," as Mr. Chamberlain de- scribed it, only too truly, once upon a time "in his Radical days." When the Liberal Government came into office there was obviously one question upon which legislation was imperative. Mr. Jalfour had used the Khaki majority he obtained in 1000 "by Means of a trick" (as the lawyers say) in order two years later to place upon the Statute Book an Educa- tion Act which quartered the Voluntary schools upon the rates without either placing them under effective popular con- _rol or getting rid of sectarian- tests for teachers. The Liberal Ministry was armed by the electors with clear and full authority to put an end to this "in- tolerable strain" on the citizen, and the principal bill of the session accordingly was Mr. Birrell's Education Bill. Neces- sarily it was long and, complicated, but its main principles were easily intelli- gible. All public elementary schools sup- ported out of taxes and rates were to be under public management and control, all religious tests for teachers were to be abolished, the cost of denominational teaching was in no case to come out of public funds, and every parent was to have the opportunity of sending his child to a school of a public, not a denominational, character. The measure, though (as Mr. Birrell repeatedly said) it was an " unde- nominational " bill, was studiously fair to the denominational schools. None the less it excited the hostility of the Tory party. In the Commons it was read a second and third time by majorities of 200. The Lords, after reading it a second time, proceeded to " reconstitute " it (as the Bishop of Manchester said) in Com- mittee. For fifteen days the Lords per- iormed this process, with the result that it became a bill for which Mr. Birrell plainly warned the Lords the Liberal party had no use. There were rumours that the Lords would abate their demands on the report stage, but incited by Mr. Balfour, they only wrecked it all the more by proposing to allow sectarian teachint

===== 0002601_19061229_art0192.txt | included=true | included =====
KISSED BY SATAN.

- LOCAL CHURCHES. ----

Services for Sunday. Wycliffe Congregational Church, preacher, 10.30 and 6.30, Rev. J. Yonge. Bold-street Wesleyan Church, preachers, 10.30, Rev. E. J. Gawne ; 6.30, Rev. W. Mellor. Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church, preachers, 10.30, Rev. J. Manning ; 6.30, Rev. S. Pitt. Golborne-street Baptist Church, preacher, 10.30 and 6.30, Rev. P. Battens Portsmouth. Latchford Baptist Church : Preacher, Rev. J. P. Matthews, Subjects, 10.30, " The Word of God? " Messiah " Service at Legh-street. There was a good congregation at Legb-street Primi- tive Methodist Church on Sunday evening, when the following selections from the " Messiah ' were ably rendered :—" Comfort Ye " and "Every Valley," Mr. J. H. Corrin ; "There were Shepherds," Miss A. I Bridge ; " Then shall the eyes " and " Come unto Him," Miss L. Snelling and Miss J. Clayton ; " For I behold darkness" and" The people that walked in dark- ness," Mr. A. Spruce ; choruses, " And the Glory," I " Glory to God," 0 Thou that tellest." " For unto us a child is born," and " Hallelujah "by the choir. Mr. IT. R. Ford presided at the organ, and played the" Over. ture " and " Pastoral Symphony in apl easing manner. Mr. A. Spruce conducted.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0193.txt | included=true | included =====
Prominent Ironworker's Death.

The death occurred on Saturday of Mr. James Ashton, of The Poplars, Bewsey-road, a prominent ironworker. For the long period of 36 years he was employed as a roller at the works of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Limited, and was • very popular with his fellow employees, by whom his death will be regretted. He had been in a delicate state of health for some months. Much sympathy is felt for the widow and family in their sad bereavement The funeral took place at the Cemetery on Monday.

.. eal yc. before she could— have risen up before him with — ! You lave it here I believe ? " dignity. Now she felt she must cry. Leaning her DON'T DELAY IF YOU FEEL '`OUT OF SORTS 1 "Yes, it is somewhere about," answered the editor, . head upon the wall she burst into tears. Even putting his hand to his forehead, as if reflecting • " Satan " was moved at this, for he came near and Or if you have a friend whose constitution has been ; Then lifting his eyes to her face again, he said i ' forced her into a seat. But his presence was abhorrent weakened, whether by overwork of brain or body by smiling: to her, and the perfume of rich tobacco which hung exposure to the weather, by working long hour in, ! "But really, I cannot entertain the idea of accepting upon the air was stifling. ill-ventilated rooms, by recent sickness, or by any cause it. I have so many of them, and so little space-- ; She remembered nothing more until she found her- tending to weaken the bodily powers ; in a word, if he and---" is one who suffers from any form of complaint which .self walking quietly along the streets towards home. may be the result of any of the above or similar causes ; 1 " Edwin, have you so many 'Ramparts of Reason, , and, have y space. .n' The tears 'fell fast, and she hurried on. Passing if, for instance, you can see that he is troubled with you so little for really good stuff? " 1 a huge iron gate which opened on the pavement, Indigestion, the bane of our Country and of modern I ' I known, I know that it is not aat b 1 t all, but,-- she tried to open it and found it unlocked. Creeping ' civilization; or, if you think he has Low Spirits, that lladge, what a good airocate you are, answered the inside she found herself among the tombs of a city sure sign of some Nervous Disorder, bringing in its editor, evidently taken aback by the business-like churchyard. How she longed for a place among the train a host of other complaints such as slelancholy, grasp she had of the matter. Then looking earnestly Lassitude &c., or, perhaps, Neuralgia, and frequently, at her, as if some thought of the past had flashed She dead, where she could be free from temptation. Sleeplessness, which of itself is sufficient to weaken the She sat upon a mound and cried herself to sleep, the across his mind be continued: trongest constitution, and to make life a burden ; or, „,, last thing she remembered being the warm breath of if being free from these, he is regarded by his friends or , . "odfrey ought to be proud of you, Madge." Edwin Hazlehurst upon her lips, and the perfume of himself as being of a delicate constitution, subject to " And he is, I hope, Edwin. I have always tried ' rich tobacco in tbe, air. Bronchitis, Coughs, Colds, a tendency to Consumption, to help him, and now, in coming here at such an o o a or other Chest Affections, and if he, like thousands of hour, lam trying to help Lim. lam convinced the "Madge 1„ others, failed to get relief from other remedies,tell him work is good, and unusual; and I suspect that you al o he need not be disheartened, that there is one Remedy too. You are allowing duel thoughts of the past to • ' • The place seemed awfully warm, and was becoming whose virtues are so great, that it has succeeded where 0 brilliantlight,l brighter with a as Madge Marsden re nveut you &Ma what is right. Cannot you forget others have failed, and that there is hope he may be - . - .e. awoke and saw the tea things set upon the table, the cured,as thousands of others have been cured before him your meat disappointment,s and for my sake *kettle boiling u Edwin upon the hob, and the fire blazing away by making a sensible and timely use of Owilym Evans help him to come to the front? merrily. Yes, they were all just as she had seen them Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. If your friend 'Aim, Madge, you ask a great thing, when you ask last, before dozing off to sleep waiting. for Godfrey's then gives it a fair trial, be will be fully convinced, as me to forget my disappointment. I can never do others have been, that this is the Best Remedy of The that." return home. And Godfrey ,was creeping across the Age. You or your friend may ask "What is Gwilyrn room as if he would fain have placed .his hands over "I know," answered Madge. " I did not exactly . Evans' Quinine Bitters ?" It is a Preparation now m her eyes before she awoke, but in his impatience he mean that. But do not let the memory of it prevent extensively taken throughout the country by patients doing justice. had spoken the aloud. She saw both him and e name suffering from Debility, Nervousness, and General You know Godfrey' - you q. the bright smile upon his face. What did it mean ? Exhaustion, and if any value be attached to human and deserves to be placed. You know also, that he she wondered ; and in eipite of glorious fire, she testimony, the efficacy of this medicine has been sue- is determined to come to the front through the shivered as she remembered her dream. cessfully established. Its claims have been tested and medium of your paper. If he once appears. in that " What is it, Godfrey ? she asked. " Why do you proved by the medical profession and others, and corro- his name is made. Cannot you re-consider your b smile orated by the written testimonials of eminent men. , decision— for my sake Edwin ?" Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters contain not only as " Why do I smile ? Can you ask me that, Madge, Edwin Hazlehurst set his lips together, and gazed suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose, but the active when you know know there is only one thing on earth principles of the following well-known herbs— he woman before him. He was evidently away from t . that can bring a smile to my face ? Why, Madge, Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Lavender, Burdock, trying to conquerwhich the old feeling was taking my story is accepted; and Hazlehurst has accepted it. and Dandelion. The use of Quinine is well kown possession of him. He spoke to hide his emotion. lladge shivered again. but it has never been satisfactorily combined ".The wcrk is goad, I know. And it is true that if i, And Madge, what do you think? He sent for with these preparations, until after overcoming his name appeared in my paper his fame would be considerable difficulties, the proprietor was able to assured. But, Madge, you forget that I am only ;t , me to the office. Wonderful condescension, wasn't secure a perfectly uniform preparation, combi fling lli human after all. Do you think I could bear to see my ' the essential propel ties ofthe above plants in therg . - " Yes " said Madge, and she shivered again. • dconcentration.lt is now estab- greatest purity an remember that his success , ' • rival succeed ?Do I not reMem , , What is the matter, my yet? Why do you lished as a family medicine,and is increasing in popular once meant my failure ? " , , shiver? " favour the more it is known and tested. Gwilym Evans' " Why could you not bear to see him succeed . " I have been dreaming." Quinine Bitters is a tonic " Pick-me-up." scientifically This time at any rate you would not be the loser. If o Dreaming ! And whatever have dreant to cause mixed in happy proportions. the work is really good, will it not bring credit to Sold everywhere in bottles, 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each, you to shiver like that ? " your paper ?'' Should any difficulty be experienced in procuring" I thouht I rose in the middle of the night and " Tcertain t t it But there would , To a ex en would. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it will be forwardedwent to Edwin Efazlehurst s office to ask him to con- carriage free jor the above prices by the Sole Pro- that it was rival always be the thought .mv succeed- ,, eider your story." prietors : The Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, ing. Can you blame me very much, Madge ? • "And • what did be say ? " Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. We particularly " Yes, I can, Edwin. Bat I did not come to argue "That it was impassible ;he was full up. lie caution our readers against imitators, and impress upon with you, but to plead. My husband is suffering acknowledged its merits, but said he had no room." hem the importance of always seeing that the name mentally by your action, and I beg of you to give him o ' Gewilym Evans "is on the Label, Stamp, and Bottle, a chanc. For my sake, will you, Edwin ?" And did one solitary refusal cause you to shiver? ; without which none is genuine. Why, I had got callous to refusals. You know that 1 " Madge, once I would have done anything for your when my stuff comes back I only smile and think . t

0 0 r;

===== 0002601_19061229_art0194.txt | included=true | included =====
how shortsighted editors are. But why did you shiver, Madge ? it couldn't have been the refusal." "It was cold in the streets, Godfrey ; and I was so disappointed with my mission that I went into a graveyard and sat upon a grave to cry. Just like a woman, Godfrey, wasn't it?" And Madge tried to smile up at him as he bent down to imprint a kiss upon her lips. " Yes, my pet, just like a woman ; and just like the good little woman you are, to go to plead for your husband's story. But never mind, all the pleadings are over, for my name will be made. As Flazlehurst says, "The Ramparts of Reason" will astonish people He says be will push my story all he can. He confessed to having kept it back But what a marvellous change of front, Madge." " Yes, it is marvellous, Godfrey. What has caused it ?" •

" The death of his little girl, I think. Poor mart, he seemed heartbroken. I was really sorry for hitn. There is a great change in him, Madge." "I am glad, Godfrey ; he looked awful in my dream."

'rush ! little woman, dreams are fanciful,. are they,not.?" .

`; Yes," answered .radge, with another shiver.

===== 0002601_19061229_art0195.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMASTIDE.

THE FESTIVITIES AT WARRINGTON.

It has long been the custom to bemoan the dis- appearance of the old-fashioned Christmas. This year there has been no ground for complaint on that score, for Christmastide has been as old-fashioned as anyone could desire it. The prospects on Christmas Eve were not altogether encouraging for, following on a miserably wet day, there was a mugginess in the atmosphere which was not at all seasonable. Never- theless, the streets presented a scene of great animation. They were thronged with people, many intent on purchasing Christmes fare and presents, and the tradesmen reaped a rich harvest. The " waits "were also abroad, but judging from the comparative small- ness of their numbers, the good old custom of carolling—one of the great joys of the Christmas of hyegone days —is declining. When Christmas Day dawned a great change had come over the scene. During the night there had been a sharp frost, and there was an exhilarating touch in the air which made it pleasant to be out of doors. The usual festal services were held at the Anglican and Roman Catholic churches which had been tastefully decorated with choicn flowers and evergreens. Christmas Day is pre-eminently a home festival and there were happy gatherings round the festal board and merry games in which young and old indulged with zest. As trade has been good of late, there were few homes into which some evidences of this great season of j.)y did not penetrate. For those who through force of circumstances had to spend the day in the various public institutions, every provision Was made in order that they might al ways look back to Christmastide with pleasure. As the day wore on the colder it became, and in the evening snow began to fall. In a short time the ground was covered with a beautiful white mantle and when people ventured abroad on Boxing Day they found that the fall had been the heaviest experienced for some years, being many inches in depth. Some of the unemployed were set to work clearing the streets, but throughout the day the tram service was much disorganized. In the evening there was more snow and on Thursday, when the town resumed much of its usual work-a-day aspect, it was with consider- able difficulty that pedestrians made their way about. Altogether the Christmas of lffiffi was a typical old fashioned festival and the celebrations were every whit as hearty as of yore. HOT-POT DISTRIBUTION. _ _

_ • At noon there was the usual distribution of hot-pot, loaves and mince pies which had been generously pro- vided by the Mayor (Alderman Smethurst). It took place at the Drill Hall, where 500 people, representing over 100 families' were supplied, the hot-pot having been cooked by Mr. and Mrs. Pawls. Among those present were the Mayor and Mayoress, Mr. J. H. Smethurst and the Misses Smethurst, Mr. Firth (Police Court Missionary), Mr. Cox (N.S.P.C.C.). Mr. W. Hickman, Sergeant-Major Ingrain, Mrs. James Richardson, Mr. Bolton (wife of the doputy-mayor), Miss E. Bolton, Mrs. Forshaw, Mr. Fargher (inquiry officer),Mrs. Clay, Mrs. Watkin, (Sankey-street), Mr. T. Longdin, Mr. Herbert Longdin, and Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Spinks. Several of the above mentioned ladiesassisted in the distribution of the food. _ AT THE WORKHOUSE.

Christmas brings its joys even to the dwellers in the Workhouse and the festivities this year were most suc- cessful. The buildings had been very tasterully decor- ated, special attention having been devoted to the hospital which presented an exceedingly pretty picture. One of the rooms was a study in red—red mottoes ; red foot blankets, red artificial flowers, while a couple of the mottoes displayed showed the good feeling entertained towards the officials. They read " Con- tinued SUCCON to the master and matron (Mr. and Mrs. Awbery), and "A long and happy career to our doctor" (the resident medical officer). There was a very fine Christmas tree heavily laden with gifts for the children. The decoration of the Dining Hall was equally pleas- ing, streamers being arranged with beautiful effect. The principal mottoee were " Success to the Master,' " Success to the Matron," "No Cross, no Crown." The donors of evergreens, plants, toys, etc., wore :—Sir Gilbert Greenall, Mrs. Rylands, Mr. J. Charlton Parr, Colonel Buckton, Mr. F. Monks, Mrs. Parkinson. Mrs. Frost, Mr. George Mather, Mr. Powell (Fearnhead), Mrs, Clay, Mrs. Roberts, Miss Broadbent, Mr. Dutton, Mr. Matthew Seton, Mrs. Unsworth (3, Palmyra-square), Mr. J. Rymer Young, Mr. T. Jackson Lee, Messrs. Garnett, Mr. and Mrs. Smethurst (Briery Croft), Mr. Dutton (Sankey-street) ; and Mr. S. Wake- field, Midland Hotel, loz. tobacco for every man and woman _smoker.

Co Christmas morning services were conducted hy the Rev. R. B. DeWolf of Liverpool and the Rev. Father Ryan and were of an appropriately joyous character. -

At noon the Christmas dinner—consisting of good old English fare—was served, 431 inmates partaking. It is intorestng to note that no fewer than 4101 b of beef wel'e cooked, and there were also used 561 b of suet, and 5001 b of plum pudding. and 320 ounces of tobacco, and 611 ounces of snuff wore distributed. Among those present during the progress of the dinner were the Mayor and Mayoress, NE% J. 11. Smethurst, the Misses Smethurst, the Rev. W. and Mrs.' Bracecamp, the Rev. R. B. De Wolf, Father Ryan, Mr. W. Hickman (deputy Chairman of the Board), Mrs. W. J. Forshaw, the Resident Medical Oalcer, Miss Cromp- ton, the Master and Matron and members of the stall, the latter assisting to serve the dinner. After the repast several short speeches were delivered, the Rev. W. Bracecamp opening the proceedings with a short address in which he alluded to the p-esence of the Mayor and Mayoress—the mention of whose name wa3 greeted with cries of" God bless them," and cheers. The Mayon, who was recoived with cheers, paid a high compliment to the work of the Master and Matron and also gave some good advice to the inmates. It was, he said, a pleasure to the Mayoress and himself to visit the inatitation in an official capacity,and they hope to have the privilege of other visits. They all knew that that was Christmas Day, and they also knew who was born on that day—Christ who died to save all, rich and poor alike. - _ .

One of the male inmates proposed a comprehensive vote of thanks to the Mayor and Mayoress, the Rev.W. and Mrs. Braceeamp, the Master and Matron, and the other members of the staff. - -

This was seconded by a female inmate and carried with much heartiness.

The MASTER, in the course of his reply, said he was personally under an obligation to the Nlayor for his presence because it was the first time a Mayor of the borough had attended in his official capacity for many years. Although the inmates were incarcerated in that building they were not entirely dead to what was going on outside, and he was sure that officers and inmates would watch the development of his Worship's career with much interest. (Cheers.) He thanked the officers who had given so freely of their tune to make the day's proceedings a success. Personally, he had decided to devote the whole of the day to promote the enjoyment of all the inmates. (Applause.) The MAYOR replied on behalf of the Mayoress and himself, and interesting speeches were also delivered by the Rev. R. B. De Wolf, Father Ryan and the Resident Medical Officer (Dr. Flitcroft.) A smoking concert took place in the evening. T EIE INFIRMARY. Ever 3 thing possible was done to make the day a happy one for the inmates of this institution. The Beamont, Hatton and Hardy wards had been beautifully decorated for the occasion by the nurses under the superintend- ence of the Matron (Miss Watkins), flowers natural and artificial and evergreens having been displayed to the greatest advantage. At noon the usual dinner of roast beef and plum pudding was served and was thoroughly enjoyed. In the afternoon, tea was provided for the patients and their friends, and among others present were the Mayor and Mayoress, the Rev. W. and Mrs. Bracecamp, Dr. and Mrs. Richmond, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Smith, Mr. Frank Boscow, Mr. Victor Roberts, Miss Isherwood, Mrs. J. Lawton and several of the medical stall. Mr. Victor Roberts paid a visit to each ward in turn, and gave clever conjuring entertainments, and also kindly sang and recited. A prize of a box of chocolates was given for the best decorated ward, and it was awarded to the Hardy ward. The Mayor acted as adjudicator. Evergreens were sent by Mr. F. Monks, and presents for the children by Mrs. Crompton (Blackburn Arms), Alderman and Mrs. Forshaw, Mrs. Ferguson, Messrs. J. and W. Dutton, and others. PADGATE INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL. The festivities at this school were carried out wtih all the accustomed zest. The main room had been decorated with great taste and presented a most

===== 0002601_19061229_art0196.txt | included=true | included =====
inviting appearance. Holly, evergreens and cotton. wool had been utilized with much ingenuity, and with a number oi: skilfully designed mottoes the walls were, relieved of all their bareness. The pretty paper flowers with which the mottoes were worked were the handi- work of the children, who must have made some thousands during the course of the year. Among the good wishes displayed were' A prosperous Nev Year to our Matron ond Superintendent," and "Health and prosperity to our Guardians." The Church of England children who had been con- firmed attended the early celebration of Holy Communion at Padgate Church ; the Roman Catholics attended Martinscroft Church at ten, and the others Padgate Church at half-past. On returning the Oiristmas dinner of roast beef and plum pudding was served and the children attacked it with avidity. Some of the Guardians were present to assist in promptly attending to the wants of the chil- .dren, who, on taking their seats, each found a Christmas greeting sent by sympathetic friends. After dinner, oranges, nuts and sweets were distributed. In the afternoon the children enjoyed themselves in the open air, and at five o'clock wet() prepared for the good things provided at the tea table. The evening, commencing at six, was taken up with a most enjoyable 'concert. It was entirely supplied by the children, who had been admirably trained by Miss Ivey (school- mistress). There was a set of lancers, a Spanish dance. recitations, songs, a capitally rendered cantata entitled " The Christmas Fairy," and, to wind up, a very pretty song," The Christmas rose," was given. The accom- paniments were played by Mr.Wright,the superintendent. ORFORD BARRACKS, _

To " Tommy Atkins" Christmas is the season of seasons. Ever ready to enjoy himself, at this time of the year greatly increased facilities are offered for the search of pleasure and "Tommy " has little else to do but indulge in feastinr, and fun, and in this he excels. Many of the men at feasting Barracks were granted leave of absence to visit home and friends, but to those who remained the depleted ranks did not mean diminished enthusiasm. On the contrary everything was entered upon in the true festive spirit. The barrack room, as a rule, is not the most beautiful of places, but at Christmas time it underwent a complete transforma- tion. The bare walls were hidden under a covering of evergreens broken only here and there to admit of the introduction of seasonable mottoes and greetings. The ceiling was festooned with garlands of holly and brightly coloured paper whilst more or less unsightly gas brackets bad also to bear their burden of decoration. and when the ;nen sat down to a dinner of Christmas poultry and pudding it will be judged that an animated spectacle was presented. In the evening dances were held and merriment held sway until a late hour. CHRISTMAS ENTERTAINMENT. ANIMATED PICTURES AT THE PARR HALL An attractive entertainment has been presented at the Parr Hall this week, in the shape of, Messrs. Edgar Brook and Co's " Empire " Animated Pictures and variety programme. Those desirous of seeing the most up-to-date novelties in animated pictures are admirably catered for and the show has given great pleasure to the holiday audiences. The chief feature is a beautiful series of pictures illustrative of " Aladdin and • his Wonderful Lamp" in which the incidents of the old nursery tale are vividly depicted. The whole ends with a striking tableau. The humorous element is, of course, weil to the fore and the audiences have laughed heartily at the doings of Jones during his visit to the seaside and at the marvellous escapes of " The cat with nine lives." There are many other exceedingly good pictures, and " The French Steeplechase" may be singled out for special mention. Some splendidly illustrated songs are much appreciated. Prominent among the variety " turns " is Prof. Earl's clever ventriloquial entertain- ment, and another capital diversion is provided by the Orchids, musical encentriques. There will be a matinee to-day (Saturday) at 3 o'clock and the con- cluding exhibition will take place this evening.

AT THE POST OFFICE. The volume of work dealt with at the Warrington Post o.lice this year has so far exceeded all previous experiences that it would be quite impracticable to estimate the number of letters &c., which passed through the office during the Christmas season. As in former years, it was found necessary to engage extra premises, the Gymnasium being used entirely for parcel work from the 19th to the 26th lust, and the Conserva- tive Club Assembly rooms were also requisitioned. In spite of this, the head post office was found, as regards space, quite inadequate to deal with the enormous number of missives posted for the outgoing mail on Christmas Eve and also with the arrangements for tho disposal of the correspondence coining in for delivery on Christmas morning. The pressure began to be felt as early as the 19th inst. and kept increasing until Christmas, being particularly noticeable on Friday, the; 21st, when the local flrins were apparently clearing up for the week. On Christmas Eve the rush was at its height, for despite a considerable augmentation of the counter staff, the crowd never appreciably slackened, arid at 10 p.m., the hour for closing, seemed to be as great as at any part of the day. The work was, however, successfully and promptly disposed of. On Christmas Day a large nember of temporary post- men, who had received preliminary training, were engaged and horsed vehicles were also brought into service to deal with the extraordinarily heavy delivery. Notwithstanding all the extra forces employed and the numerous precautions taken to prevent delay, it was not found possible to deliver all letters—so great was their volume—even in some of the central districts, before noon. The whole of the correspondence was, I however, at its proper destinstion shortly afterwards. I We find that little advantage was taken of the advance I posting—a scheme devised not only for the relief of the department but in the direct interests of the public also, as it is manifest that if the Christmas posting con- tinues to increase in the rams ratio the time may come when it will be impossible to dispose of the whole of the correspondence promptly. Only 20,030 letters for delivery on Christmas Day were posted under the advance scheme, which does not represent a tithe of what remained to be dealt with later. STOCKTON HEATH BAND OF HOPE. On Wednesday afternoon the Junior Branch of St. Thomas's Band of Hope had a Christmas party in the schoolroom, kindly lent by the Vicar. Various games ware heartily joined in by the children until tea was ready when all sat down to an excellent tea presided over by the fon: lady workers—Mrs. Buckley, Mrs. Taylor, Miss Langley, M 135 Hallows and also by Mr. and Mrs. Williarus, after which the games were renewed and truly it was pleasant to hear the merry laughter and join in the innocent fun. During an interval of quiet, after refreshments had been handed round, bon- bons, kindly supplied by Mrs. Do.va, were given to each and soon with the assistance of the workers there was a cha age in the children's appearance with their paper caps,capes aprons,etc. At the close hearty votes of thanks on the motion of the Superintendent( Mr.Hallovvs) were passed to the workers and friends as mentioned and to Mr. and Mrs. A. Down who had not only supplied the bon-bons but provided each child on leaving with an apple, orange and mince pie so as to be able to share with their friends at home. This Society is trying to do a good work amongst the little folk in the village and while not asking for financial assistance, believ ia such Societies should,as far as possible be self-supporting, Mr. Hallows would be pleased to receive on behalf of the sick me nbers,ef whom there are always more or less out of about 150 children, any toys or picture books, .S.;c., the parishiouers have no further use for and so help to brighten the days of sorrow and sickness. WORKINGMEN'S MISSION, BANK QUAY. The senior scholars' annual treat was held on Wednesday evening in the schoolrooni. Over 300 sat down to tea, to which ample justice was done. After tea an adjournmeut was made to the chapel where a short meeting was held. Captain G. R. Crosneld occu- pied the chair. The Secretary's annual report was read, which showed that the school was in a prosperous con- dition. The number of scholars on the books was 760, number of teachers and officers 41, total 801, increase on the previous year of 78. The average morning attend- ance had been 241, increase on last year of 19 ; average afternoon attendance 532, increase on last year of 40. In the four top classs alone there was a membership of over 250. The attendance of junior scholars had been very good indeed, and over £lO would have to be expended during the next week or so for the purchase of book prizes for regular attendance during the year. The financial statement showed the income during the year as being .C3l 19s. 6W. ; expenditure, I £3l Its. 31. ; balatice in hand, £3 is. 3id. In addition I £lO had been subscribed for the support of a native I Mission worker at Miss Mary Reed's Leper Asylum, at Chandag Heights, India. The report stated that a series of Sunday evening lantern services had been held in the schoolroom, the services being chiefly for the poorer children of the district. The room had been crowded at each service, seven meetings already having been held. It had been decided to continue the lantern services each Sunday evening during the winter months.. On Christmas Eve a treat was given to about 450 poor children of the neighbourhood, when a bag, containing many good things, was given to each child who ettended.—Captain Crosfleld, in com- menting on the report, expressed the pleasure that it gave him to hear of the continued success of the work. He was heartily glad to hear of the special effort made on behalf of the poor children at the Sunday Evening Lantern Services, and he should take an early opportunity of attending one of the meetings. During the evening, Mr. F. Hickman rendered a few selections on the organ, and Mr. Millington, Mr. J. Willett, and Miss Oakley contributed solos and duets.—. After votes of thanks to the chairman and artistes, an adjournment was made to the schoolroom where games were indulged in, a very pheasant evening being spent. The junior scholars had their treat on Thursday evening, about 400 children sitting down to tea. After the room had been cleared, thereat of the evening was occupied by games, the little folks all going home with , the unanimous verdict that the evening had been a very happy one.

Death. HEArtsE.—On December 22nd, 1906, at " Glendon," Victoria-avenne, Grappenhall, Marguerite Alice, the- fond wife of Michael George Hearne, ^ '34. R.I.P. lished '

aged

Wurington.-1 .Anted pub!' ,by JonN Wer.xim & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-street, and published by therm at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNEs : 32, George-street, Sr. HELENS: 3, Market- treet, EARLESTOWN; Church-street RUNCORN, Dec 29th, 1906.

Prini

and

===== 0002601_19061229_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
I . WYCIIFFE CHHwRICIpti,T,IGBTErrIVSEY STREET, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 30T0. 1906. PREACHER : REV. J. YONGE. 10.30 AND 6.30. USUAL OFFERTORIES. ON NEW YEAR'S EVE (MONDAY), WATCH-NIGHT SERVICE AT 11.15.

BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. ON SUNDAY N XT DBOBIRBBR 30TH 1906. Morning 10.3. Rev B. J. GAIN NB. Evening 6.30. Rev. WILLIAM lIHILLOTI. All we'come. Hymn Books provided.

BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY RPXT, DPI/EMBER ;Ora, 1906. Rev. PRANK BATTEN. (Portsmouth.) MORNING. 10.45. EVENIFO. -ELM EVERYBODY WELCOME. HYMN BOOKS PROVIDED. Watchnight Service. New Year's Eve. 11 o'clock.

BEWSEY ROAD WESLISTAN CHURCH, SARRINGTON. ON SUN DAY NEXT, DECEMBER 35TH 1906. Morning 10 30. Rev. J. MANNING. Evening 6.30. Rev. SIDNEY PITT. All velem°. Hymn Books provider]. WATCH•NIGHT SERVICE. NEW YEAR'S EVE. To BE COFDUCTED BY THE REV. SYDNEY PITT. SPECIAL MUSIC. 6RIIVICE COMMENCES AT 10.45. POPULAR CONCERT, BOLD BT.,SCROOLROOM, TO-NIGHT (SATURDAY). AT 7.39. SPECIAL PROGRAMME BY MR. T. BROUGH'S JUVENILE CHOIR. ISLOotinovlev • Mies MADDOCK, Frodsbam. HIIMOURTST .• MR. DAN JOHNSON, Widnes. Admission One Penny. Gallery Twopenee.

111" 111.AGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHBFFIEL MARE, WARRANTED, potsT FREE Ea. 6d., be., 4e. 6D., AND 56, BD J. O. DODD. to, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL Made And Ground By English Labour.

AN APPRECIATED IPRESENT IS A JOY TO THE GIVER. A PRESENT EVER OBPTABLIE IS A PAIR OF GOLD SPECTACLES Oft EYE GLASSES; OPERA AND FIELD GLASSES AND BAROMETERS ARE ALSO ACCEPTABLE PRESENTS OF WHICH WE HAVE THE LARGEST STOCK IN WARRINGTON. . FIEILBRON, EYESIGHT AND SPECTACLE SPECIALIST, 84, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON. (LITE WITH WOCD, ABRAHAM', LIVERPOOL AND MANCHESTIVE.).

C. SUNDERLAND, NEW WINTER SUITINGS IN CONFINED AND RECHERCHE DESIGNS AND COLOURINGS AT THREE GUINEAS. 18 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

XMAS BOXES AND NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. IN CONTINUANCE OF THE POLICY INAUGURATED LAST YEAR THE GROCERS AND PROVISION MERCHANTS '3' WAR- RINGTON HAVE CANVASSED THE WHOLE OF THE TRADE IN GENERAL AND HAVE MUTUALLY AGREED TO THE TOTAL ABOLITION OF ALL GIFTS, CALENDARS. ALMANACS, MONEY Ac.. AT CHRISTMAS AND THE NEW YEAR. XMAS BOXES AND • NT EW YEAR'S GiFra.

TE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS PRBPARED to RBORIEVE LOANS, either at mix months notice or for a term of pears. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

BIRKBECK BANK. EBTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH lIOLBORN, 2k PER CHM% INDIREST allowed on Deposit Accounts. 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Cheqse Book. All General Banking Business Transacted. ALMANACK, WITH FULL PARTICULARS, POST FREE. C. F. RAVENbOROFT, SVCRRTARY

So FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

senindoßßFur.kMTlßLAYmcdsestior e AIRsT.ENjE:ERHIDTRHTBIT their many Friends for the kind expressions of sympathy received by th, m in their sad bereavement. Wilkinson-street, Orford-avenue.

JSTOCK TO N. 63, ROWLEY LANE, U • W&IIRINGTON, Dealer in BRITISH and FOREIGN BIRDS.—A good selection ot Rabbits, Fowls, and Pigeons always on hand. Bird seeds, the finest quality, Gold fish and globes ; Cages and cage requisites.

CONJURER & ANIMATED PICTURES together or separata), refined anansing and entertaining ; open for concerts. &mars, so3lais, Christmas parties Bzo. ; terms modsrate.—Pao. ROMI, 7. Ell zabeth it., Liverpool.

'VANS ! FANS! ! FANS ! ! I—..a beautiful L artistically hand-painted Fan, trimmed with lane, In a patty silk-covered boa, only 59.61. or four for 21s B. J. WARBLING, MANUFACTURER, 145, NEW NORTH RD., LONDIEr. N.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per OP, COVERLETTE TAILS OP ) Flint HAIR FRAMES, PURE 5/6 FROM 3/6 Esc's. HAIR. T 5 BROWN, 3,1LE808 ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

-Y-1:111 S:L,II OF TRH ENTIHE STOCK. Dlliala RHIN: Rt_LE-

GR AMOPRON R S. PHONOGRAPHS, & LONOPHONES, LARGEST STOCK OF MACHINES AND RECORDS IN GREAT BRITAIN. THE MOST EXPERIENCED TALKING MACHINE DEALER IS THE COUNTRY. Send for Lists, or when in Liverpool mil and see JAKE GRAHAM, 76, RENSHAW STREET, AIM 271. PARK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES. THOUSANDS OF TITLES BANG UP-TO-DATIL

DRINK! DRINK!! DRINK !! ! MALE NURSES AT A MON EN'S NOTION. HOPH HOUSE, HOPE-STREW, LIVIMPOOL Telephone 2570 Royal. Telegrams : " Nurses," Liverpool. ESTABLISHED 28 ItICABS.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL BINDS, SICKNESS, HIMPLOYERS LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1,000,000 CLAIMS PAID 0,000,000 84, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN. Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE t Hi JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required In unrepresented districts. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Bridge St. ~ Mr. W.H. RlGBEY,Neseeliffe, Vieteria-rd.,Lateh for St Helens Ur. J. E. LEACH. Hardebaw-strect Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGS The Willows Sandbach Mr. F. J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

NOW READY. riIHE " PRACTICAL ENOINMIR " rOCCIET BOOK for 19C7, price Is. and 18. 6d. net., postage 21, ALSO TUE "PRACTICAL ENGINBER"BLECTRICAL POCKET BOOK for 1907, price Is. and Is. fid. net, postage 2d. The TECHNICAL PUBLISHING CO„ LTD., 287, Deansgate, Manchester ; and all booksell.rs.

BRITISH & FJREIGN WATCH SUPPLY CO., 15, GORRII-PIAZZ AS, LIVBRPOOL. A BIRGf..B ARtIOL Ar WHOLBSALB PRICB. Rolled Gold Waltham Hunter or Open Face, 35.; 13 years' guarantee. Workman's Nickel or Oxydised Watch. good timekeeper, stand rough wear, 4s. Rolled Gold Curb Alberts, single 31. 6d„ double 5.,; 10 years guarantee. FOR OISH MONTH ONLY, as an advertisement, We are supplying our Rolled 0-old Curb Bracelet (10 years guarantee), in handsome case. at ss. 6d. T.hese bracelets are equal, In appearance and wear, to articles coating se. Mention paper.

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, &c., BOUGHT.—BEST PRIOR for parcels forwarded; if not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGI3 PAID. Second-band DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, TREAT RICAL, BEND UNIFORMS, LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENTS MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRIOR. LAMS' EVENING DRESSES, COSTUMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, doc., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSERS,SHIRTS,BLUCHERS,WELLINGroNs, CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLICE CAPES, GORMAIS'S, 326, ns, and 340, Deansgate, Manchester. Established 50 Year,.

FIVE SECONDHAND PIANOS. Plano by Yates, london, RES. Rosewood Case. Piano by Broad wcod, £l2, Walnut Case. Plano by ford, £l3. Walnut Case. Piano by Brewer, £1.6, Rosewood Oise. Plano by Yates, £l3, Walnut Case, WADS WORTH'S, 69. SANKBY-BTRIBIT, WARRINGTON,

QALH. BRACELETS, PIN% QUE. - BROOOCHES, GUARDS, EARRINGS, NECKLETS. WEDDING AND KEEPER RINGS, &C. ALSO Part of a Liverpool Diamond Dealer's Stock of loose Diamonds of the finest white quality, now offered in the form or Half-hoops and other Rings- ALSO upwards of 80 Solid Gold Bracelets, part , of a Manchester Jewellees Stock, comprising the 1 latest designs. NOW OFFERED AT C ONSIDERABLE EDUCTIONS. (SAVING OF 10% TO 12e. IN SHE E). PRICE LIST FREE. D AVIES'S 3 ow-mu, 5 0/ 1-lOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

LARGB HALF-HOOP RING, containing 5 purest white brilliants, very choice stones perfectly matched in shape and colour, exquisite hnd-earveci setting of solid 18- Carat Gold, a sample of neatness and quality; also another 35 Guinea Large Diamond Half-Hoop, like new, now £lB lcs.

LARGE EMERALD AND DIAMOND HALF-HOOP, very handsome Becondband Large 7-Stone Emerald Half-Hoop (Finest Egyptian Emeralds). with purest white Brazilian brilliants, IS-Carat hand-carved setting, lovely combination ; also lovely. 25-Guinea 5-Stone Large Diamond Hall- Hoop, latest claw setting, now En 17s.

iThItAL IA AI ON c UNGAGONIEBNY INGS. ILEAL 1 [AMONG J2.INGAGEMENT JAIN GS EVERY RIND" OLID" 18-CARAT Gold, set with real- Gems. Each Ring purchased Is accompanied with our Guarantee and our undertaking to refund lash if not as represented. Over 500 Finger :,IZI3 GARDA now ready for Customers' use. GIVEN AWAY. Ask for one. Usual Frio,. Our Price. £2 10 O...DIAMONDS AND RUBIES, 5 stones real gems, set in a row. strong 18-et. claws, quite enure, lustrous and most effective half-hoop Gipsy Star- iv. set Bngagement, fully guaranteed. £3 0 O...DIAMOND Pc SAPPHIRE HALF- HOOP, 7 stones, the favourite Claw- setting In Solid 18-oc. 3old, neat half-round, strong shanks ; most fashionable and charming. Others similar at 21s. and 235. det with 17/6 rubies

£5 0 0...D1A MOND RUBY HALF HOOP, 6 real gem., fine, rose-red rubies; large stones, neat, thick half-hoop else-set Bing ; half-round shanks, solid IE-ct. Gold. Also large 9-ttto, e Diamond and Ruby Met, Cluster 25/- fling; £6 ; now 30e £6 U O...DIAMOND 5-STONE HALF-HOOP purest white Brilliants. 18-ct. Claw- setting, beautiful stones, full of lnstte, strong and serviceable ; guaranteed. Also others at 421., 455., On/ ov 605., and 65a. £7 0 O...I)IAMOND 5-STONH Claw-set, extra neavy, 4-dwt., extra thick half-hoop Ring. " last a lifetime." full guarantee Also others at F.. 3 £3 19s. £4 10s. and £4 151 59"0/19-

ISCIILLANEOUS TN SOLID GOLD.G ENT'S Solid Gold Plain Top SIGNET 30'; now 140 65. Solid Gold Maisive (large size) Curb Ring. £2 ; now 18s 6d. Lady's Solid Gold NECKLET, bright sparkling diamond-cut links, 30s ; now 12s 6d. Solid Gold DIAMOND BROOCH, £2; now 91 6d. Solid Gold Stiff BRACELET, 30s ; now 12s 6d. Solid Gold SEAL, with reversible blood- stone, £2 ; now 10s 6d. Pair Diamond EARRINGS, claw setting, cost £9 ; now £3 18s. Another Pair £4 17, ditto. I Large Diamond and Ruby BROOCH PENDANT, Cost £l6; now £7 19s. Large Diamond and Sapphire CLUSTER PIN Cost £9; now £2 Ts 6d. SPECIAL BARGAINS FULLY 10s IN THE E BELOW USUAL PRICES. Also Large 5-Stone 15-Carat, Diamond and Ruby BROOCH. cost £lO ; now £3 15s. also Wide. lb-Carat. Stiff Diamond and Ruby BRACELET, cost £l2 ; now £4 19.. Also Gent's very tine 15-Carat Diamond SCARF SLIDE, cost £8; now £27s 6d. Also Gent's Diamond BUCKLE RING, £8; now £2 19s, solid 18-carat heavy ring. Also 15-Carat PLEXIBLE CURB, with PADLOCK, act with Diamonds and Rubies, £2l ; now £6 10s. Every Article Warranted. CASH BACK IF NOT AS REPRESENTED.— DAVIES'S GREAT XMAS SALE NOW PROCEEDING, 30, LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL. Tel. 0777 Royal,

• ESTABLISHED 1864. NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. ETTSTANCE & CO., LTD., JEWELLERS, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. INVITE YOU TO VIEW THEIR DISPLAY OF NO VELTIES. YOU WILL NOT BE IMPORTUNED TO PURCHASE, BUT WHEN YOU SEE OUR MAGNIFICENT SELECTION OF ENTIRELY NEW GOODS, IT MAY HELP YOU TO DECIDE ON YOUR PURCHASES. MAIL AND TELEPHONE ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. TELEPHONE NO. 381 X.

McDOWELLS, LIMITED/ Coach Builders & Motor Engineers. ONE 15 H.P. ARIL CHASSIS, 4 CYLINDERS, 4 SPEEDS AND REVERSE. CONDITION EQUAL TO NEW. PRICE NEW AT ARIEL WORKS, JUNE, 1906, £425. PRESENT SALE PRICE 1251 BODY OF ANY KIND TO PURCHASERS ORDER. SOLE DISTRICT AGENTS FOR FORD JUNIOR CAR AND MOSELEY'S PERFECT DETACHABLE TYRE. DEMONSTRATIONS ON APPLICATION. RYLANDS ST., WARRINGTON. TELVPHONE 4002 E. '

PEARSON & PAYTON, LIMITED. The Company having resolved to discontinue and wind up its business, the stock of PIANOS AND OTHER MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS IS NOW BEING SOLD AT VERY - CONSIDERABLY REDUCED. PRICES. THE ENTIRE STOCK OF • MODERN SONGS & OTHER SHEET MUSIC WILL BE DISFOSED OF AT THREEPENCE PER COPY. THE PUBLIC SHOULD VISIT THE COMPANY'S PREMISES, io, BOLD STREET AND 75, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, AT ONCE, AND SECURE THESE BARGAINS.

HAVANA cicrAnsy BOCK, MURIA, CABANA, ROGER, PUNCH, &c. ALL VERY CHOICE AND SPECIALLY SELECTED AND IN THE VERY BEST OF CONDITION. BRITISH CIGARS, EL RESELLO, HECUBA, SUADA. OUR OWN BRANDS, BOXED IN 25 AND 50, BLENDED WITH THE FINEST HAVANA AND MEXICAN TOBACCOS. BEAUTIFUL FLAVOUR AND AROMA. CASE PIPES. LARGE DEMAND FOR THESE PIPES (TRAVELLERS' SAMPLES) AS ADVERTISED LAST WEEK, SELLING AT FROM 331 PER CENT. TO 50 PER CENT, BELOW ORDINARY PRICES. T. SUDLAOW 4St. CO. 15, WINWICK STREET, AND 65, BUTTERMARKET STREET, intik 11 I IST Gr rr CO IST. TELEPHONE 414 Y.

NEW YEA'S DOLLS, TOYS, GAMES, CUTLERY. KNIVES, FORKS, SPOONS, 8.. MAIL/LVI. 1%11. .G;-IEiGIMIEW9 SPOT SHOP (FISH MARKET), UNEQUALLED FOR VALUE AND VARIETY.

SPECIAL.-TOA rA"11 ITATO :12;1 VII PRICE, DEMAND HIAV li A INTRODUCED 1 N T AI L SPECIALE LINE AT '3 3S . THE COAT AND SKIRT. GOOD MATERIALS. WELL CUT. TAILOR-MADE, , 11. S. PAGE & CO., SANKEY ST., %V A RRING TON.

ESTABLISHED IEOB. NEW YRAR PRIISHNTS. RICH ARD JEFFE. EYS, NEW YRAR PIIRSBNTS. SS, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, mums INARBR AND PRINT SIILLNR. A Large Assortment of Premed flames, suitable for Wedding and' Birthday Presents, School Prizes, ko. Tertne Moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY ROLLIN& OF PICTURES BY WATTS. ROSSWITI. aOd^BURNII-39NR3. AUTOTYPE BEPRODUOTIONB OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL. TATE AND OTHRR GALLEBIII f. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

ATTRACTIVE FURNISHING GOODS FOR NEW YEAR'S GIFTS at the LOWEST PRICES, pIoNEER"97IS9,HBIONLDGSSTTROEERT", LIVERPOOL. CASH OR EASY HIRE TERMS Call and Cnspoot or send for Special Xmas Catalogue Free.

RELI-O-PIIONE, Tbe Latest Wonder in Talking MaclVnes. wonderful Producti.in. EACH. I) /I 1 RA'l4. LI I. 1 WHY PAY moKtt Fxnerts say the Rell-o-phone Is etrial to any taiking machine costing En. Call and see this sirundeitni machine. limes to suit, 6d. each, ONLY A LIMITED NUMBER FOR S k LE. Call To day. RELIANCK SCORES FOrt FOOTBALLS, PUNCHBALLS, AIR GUNS, EXERCISERS, ' DOCEFY AND GOLF. CHRAPESC PRICIE3 IN THE KINGDOM. tint/INCE ENGINEERING CYCLE AND SPORTS STORES. 29 AND 31, 51ANCHRSTICH STREET, LIVERPOOL. elephone 6822. Catalogues post free on application.

OR MORES THAN TWSIITY FIVS TSARS THOUSAND? OF LAMBS HAVei DBRIVRO ORICAT FRONI DR. DAVIS'a FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, RANH HAD WORLD-W[lM ItHIPUTATION AS A UT BOON TO VV OMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anaem la Giddiness. Fulness and Swelling after Meals Loss of Appetite,livoterla,Falpitation of the Heart. Debility Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 90.. Is. lid.. 2s. 9d.41. 6d. and it.. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS COUGM MIXTURR, gives Instant relief as proved by hundreds of estimonlalo. Battles 3/- and 4/9 post paid from the tproprietors, 309 PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NoTrlad lit L LONDON. W. (Only eiddreSl).

4. 1...' ''' 4 ...*:, • ' We. Xl/4,",.-.• 7" /..li, . 'C.& ..ssl, ~,, ,• ,0%,.• 41:40:•,. ;,.. "1., .A. SAVES 1.4.K1e..,...Zi0t ni''',7,3,-,..2.- •' " 'W;I6 " 'if,. ' *0412' :.' - " MANY LIVES a •- , t-... i 4,9, iii*A•A''., ~..... „el.„ r Establi9ked 32 Years. •'"; j The Cheapest, Safest fort,•l.-..1? •,-. ..,) 4., . , most Up -to - date) most .. ~ 5,4. v•zet,. Effective and ~ ga ) Best Known . ...e....:!. fit ~•-_,•,d.,,,„„A. • t s., , —^..,2(d. ~, • ••••:,,,..-er° „. Remedy in the World for ---e.41-!--, ~ rt t.,-- Chill C0u47")"..1"-- rfr-" i..,-,•::::- d / / „.,.i.d,-, ik:....0.,.;:.E.-:...-.5,....1, an lir 4* 10‘, Throat • and Chet Affections is ,$), ---..,..,. ~.., / ...4,1i :A3.,,,5i15„, 4 -.) ---.Z.40,, ,kci. '')lr ..x. "A, 31 • ....N6 , 0/..,..-Li,\l2) '''...' - ~- , ,y.:-, ~.:!...t.....:":".,::,1.,..,.; :.4e‘kA 1 %IA , 4,..'`i 1,... .7., -.4. •I'.t.. ~.- "all C%,•'/ titr".: 'I? .' d.-",,,1-•"' d .41s-V•-• t • fiViil '7l " ,p- .—.-,,,,,,.. ..,c.r,.. 0 .r•ksW '7l'4_ ii,1,..1 •? ;‘ ;.'.4 :-.1 ' -,';itt,' .:,•'''' ..."-ir'' tt';'-' . -:_,...--"a•kk' tr , .3.0, ..,—,„ „ i akm.,o, p , , Y., .1. ~.f.e,: -•-,..: fp ''''' trtilifr:Al)) d!..f..i: 4..—, T.Y.Sti-q: ii.•,- • - ~:17 .F: .4 4 '). ~ f • • • ,c• ~** ' • ~.1ifti:1:41:.,..t4t......:::.'..: %*-- CO .. "*.r." 't...tol' •' . 't —e‘<k. .--- .„,,,......./.. „:" •-• ,-,..11-..,,,,.i, "; I 4 ia-144--) ,:. , 'qi It , , i /I ri cil .. iiir-ot , .5 ~ t. .VP li• ' j • 0.• , I ; . .r.• • A-.:;,.. t 0... . IP* For INFLUENZA IT ACTS / -• ,-- ~•,_ft -,-, ~..,.....„..- .git,l LIKE MAGIC. - .• 101 F. 4041' I' '7-- .......-.175,,1i0 .... -4 PUBLIC SPEAKERS SINGERS / / . and all who suffer from ...i.,lta ' f, - ;:k`'.!•,-, 11. • 'I, 0110 -4,1,... 7 0•"..i. THROAT WEAKNESS WILL FIND IT SAFE AND ' EFFECTIVE. lf •If."Lf- • '- •„.4. • e". .'gr t•e: • .4 I, . Ma Beware of Substitutes ; ask for " 014'BRIDGE " wizen buying . 1.,-;s • ' ~` Lung Tonic and TAKE NO OTHER. ...4.,,,,,, ~,, • , ~.t.•,.:.44, .., e i Prerard by ... 40.- i ...:17 ' • , -,,1,A7. Al. ,• ..,,,, 0 W. T. OWBRIDGE, Ltd., Hull. Sold evcryNNhcro in bottles at Is. lA.d., .'„, ,-_,.,7,, • - 2s. 97., 4s. 6d., and us . +N. • ..1..... - HT. ~..;. - 7 >. '1... 4... 7 ...0.... 41. rS;•,.. sfill. ~.2c,),.., Ar, COPYRIG ~r) . ', 5..7 .: WV..., 1)--; _ ;11„- ' ; \-::,14....• „ .., .:7.1.5`,4;;: - - r.6&.;•5r1•.;..•-;. it:r•;1,....t.V.,P,A, • ••":102.Pfe4.17-' layou tu t •o• ttllgtlitceue it ,o _ Ut Itht.e it pass viltu o-u a t pp ir ialittg• - • is "One of these cla... will main have . tr

6 - a • - ,44- • ~ ' - . ~ ^ , . , ' . , TO For Workmanship, Fashion, FLt, and Finality, there is nothing In 11 CATCH Great Britain to equal the goods now being offered. \\'‘ YOUR EYE. Nk,,,Glacer, Felts, Cashniere„ Pateoe:. LADIES' •••vtft,„., 116 & 118, Bridge Street, Warringtcn. S I.! PPEP. S 2 41 47, Victoria Road, Widnes. Bridge Street and Market Place, Earlestown. 2/1 i 12- 6, High Street, Runconi. 45, Widnes Road, Sinuas Cross, Widnes. 1 - - Kt' '"' '... ,-,- VI' :-, 0 , z,7,,E3 -,- Est 7 .T.., Es oT ~ a 1 .- ,

DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA Brightens and Stimulates the System. 1/6, 1/8, 2/., 2/6 per lb. Full weight without wrapper.

A young man named Michael Hamilton, on leaving a Christmas party with his sweetheart early on Wednes- day morning at Liverpool, turned to sa, y Good-bye," when he slipped in the snow and fell against a low wall, fracturing his slcull. He died before reaching hospital. One penny - worth of Brown CBl, Poison's" Paisley

e led/ c",-zze,r_2frcifgt ichath.Shy.fr,r BLAIRs PILLS' PURLV NO RESTRAINT VEGIETAin LE Or DIET ' IraWie/M414 tni7 • ih425. 1111 RD 0 TH „, „i 4 • • • ••„et, ,WISE , • C NG ilk - leaser People Who are Par- ticular, for boots pobsbed w.tl, Cr nie 1 kccp loft, stay black, and look 1-• Well ALWAYS, negates are cleanly to wear. CROZINE ie the popular liquid black I II ta —absolutely te:l free leather,er 112: frdr:e not eb:l blocs 11111 811111. In FZiien of unequalled durablllty. It • tame affected by datoperel. and will not tThe oww Medi only by - . C. L. HAUTHAWAY & SONS, Ins. • est-iiaur BOSTON, MAIL, V. S. A. - Agents for United langdone , tiewit JOHN S. SEW & SONS, Ltd. • aww=ee. London, England. •

200 British. Colonial. and F,reign Stamp., Id. free.— INTERNATIONAL. STAMP (jO.. Salem at.. SO.. Sunderland.

UILASTIO STOCHINGS. 2s. each, post free measure 14 forms free. MACINTOSHISS rena,red and made to order.—Hunims, 23. School lane. Liverpool. TAIREI3.—A beautifully ptinted well-bound Music Album. 1 Send name and address for fpartionlars.—llotama, ROSE & Co.. Dunedin House, London, B O.

riftNAMISNTS —Magnificent Marine Shells, large and heavy ; beautifully polished; lovely tints . 3s. each.two for ss. 6d. ; just imported ; cssh with order.—KsaPe, Clacton-on-Sea.

MA LLWARB3 AND HAIDDIDASHIiitY.—SpeciaI Penny IJ Lines for market men and shops. 7s. 6d. per gross, carriage inid on receipt of P.O. from J. APPELFELBAUM & Co., 164, Bury New rd., Manchester.

B BY'S Outfits ocmplete, 106.63. carriage free. Buy from LIS London, the centre of the world's trade, and get best value for money. send for price IIst.—MANIGERES, The Draperies,' 73, York rd., London, S.D.

A STROLOGY.—Horoscope of Life Events. Changes, Fortunate Days, Business Success, Matrimony, Bce. Two years future added.—Send birthdate and 16. P.O. to PROZEMSOB GOULD, 27, Windsor rd., Newport, Mon.

rilo keep Varniture clean and bright, nothing better than myth's Cream Polish ; °nal used always need ; recom- mens Itfrelf ; trial solcited ; bottles 44.. W., 93., and 1.., po3t free. —MYTH. 141, Dancombe et., Walkley, Sheffield.

TJEIDER 21 per lb.—Finest tianadian Apples (Rosy Bald wine) 191. per 120 lb. barrel. Oarriaqe pall 20 miles London. Direct shipment, just landel.—Send P.O. to ARTHUR DRAYTON, Tedllngion. Offers solicited from large buyers.

STARTL VALUB.—Lailea' Plated Black Cashmere Stockings, 93, 6.1. dozen ; bunple pair, 101. Genuine Unsp Itable Black Costume Cloth, 6 yards, 78, 64. free. Satiafactlon guaranteed.—Ctedues 34, High it., Smethwick, Birmingham.

rrHE GRAND OLD MAN that was (Gladstone), one of _ll,_ England's noblest and greatest statesmen ; a Bold Medallion of him In massive relief in Antique Bronze ; splendid for hall or corridor ; a pleasing and lasting memento for sale cheap.—linwELL, Mamie.

WIREI NAILS (Mixed), Bs. 6d. per cwt, 28lbs, 2s. 3d.; ',crews, mixed. 28s. per cwt, Blbs 7s. 6d.; Wire, Cut, Wrought, and Malleable Nils. Tacks, Rivets, etc. etc., wholesate:prices.—MlDLAND NAIL Worms, 25 to 28, Ilea it., Brimingham, C. W. MAYLIIS. Proprietor.

GOT RATS? 1 F SO, US S SA.NFORD'ai POISONS. It, ends the trouble 1. by destroying them. Bats. Mice, Moles, &a., like it, eat It. and perish Try the remedy, yrm will be delighted with the result. Price is. Sd. to ss, per box, of all Chemists, or 8411FDRD & SON. Sandy, 13Rdl•

rpo BM SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works. lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land. with 'siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemicti or other vrJrks requiring space.—Arldress J HOMING, 18, Penwlck street, Liverpool.

VT HITE; XYLOISITE HAN DLED CARVERS, 2s V 3. 11d.. 4e. lid. pair. Dessert Knives, 4s. 9d , Es. lid. ; Tables, be. 9d.. Ts. lid. doz. Nickel Dessert Spoons or Forks, ss. 91. ; Tables, le. lid. ; Tea Spoons. 21' 6d. dozen. Poet free.—S. H. EMERY, Hardware Merchant, 97 Peel st., Hull.

A ROTH) Down Quilts and Blankets. special offer; 50 per cent under regular prices ; real Down Qullts,full double size, bordered satteen. 1 •61 ; all-wool Blankets, for double beds, 1031 n. by 831 n., weight 11lb , satiafactlon guaranteed or money returned, 19i. 6d. pair; crrrlage & 09. b 9-61, New Oxford Bt.. London.

1610 R WINTER EVENINGS nothing gives so much 12 pleasure as a Phonograph. We will send you a Hand- some New Model Phonograph with Decorated Plower Trumpet, and D.zen Stall:Mg Records for 15s. 13d., carriage paid. Records, 61 , 12s. doz. Any record sent Poet Free.—MANX PHONOGRAPH Co., 144, Stratford rd., Birmingham.

riIABLEi COTLISRY DI/OCT.—Trial order solicited Sheffield Manufacture. Workmanship and quality guaranteed. Carriage paid. Balanced grained (or plain translucent) handles, ecrial to ivory' Table knives. 12i. dozen, dessert knives, 10s. dozen, • special ' reams, 3i. 64. each, and other cutlery. Send postal order to W. J.Phume, 32 Bell House rd., Sheffield.

THE TATAR RMS. THE TALKERIES. ROBINSON'S STOP =MOORS OFFRR. No Home need be Without Music at CHRISTMAS. REPROPHORESS— NROPHONEI3.

Magnificent Dint) IdAOHlNliti as iollows :—Cases Highly Polished, Stained Walnut, 10ix lei good silent motor, can be wound whilst running, plays grand Concert Records. Nine Flower Horn enamelled in Art Shades, all necessary leaves (starting, stopplng,regulating, &c ). supplied with GRAND CONCERT BOUND BOX for needles. The Sound Box alone is worth 10. 6d. !Ming only 18s 5d for the Machine.) THE RESULTS IN TONE ARE A GOOD as with MANX OTHERS SOLD at 21 to £5 elch. 28s ltd.

150 t-^pecial Model racent TAPICK TONE AKE. Revolv- ing Flower Horn, Special Concert Sound Box (worth 21s) highly finished ease, good motor, 'tient running, grand tone.plays any Disc Record. just tbe machine for the borne. All Customers supplied are highly pleased. COMPARB It with any £5 108 Machine, and it will satonish you 48s 91.

75 codedd.: Maciuu,s, mum(' ;ant easo 15 x 15 htghly polished, panelled sides, carved cornert, stained walnut, 12 inch turntable, grand motor, worm gearing, fibre Wheel (noiarless), patent taper sound arm. GRAND CONCERT SOUND BOX plays any record. This model is highly satisfactory for Public-hou.es, Hotels, 'to., giving excellent result,, grand tone. A very large Enamelled Flower Horn is supplied wilt' this machine, but If necessary A MAGYIIFICPINT BRASS ON may be had at a slight extra cost. 103 s. Xi.

25 DEW:IW," similar in looks to the above. but fated with a SPECIAL DOUBLE SPRING MOTOR of the highest possible grade. 121 n. Turntable, LAUGH BRASS FLOWER HORN. This machine is equal to others in tone' Finlsh, and Mechanism, at from £l5 to CIO each. 1655. 6d.

23. BACH. IMPEHIAL HECOftos (made in New York). the Great American Becord, equal to others at double the price. Latest numbers in : " Hark the herald angels sing," " Christians awake," " 0 come all ye faithful, Ac. (organ acoom.), ' Lost Chord" (cornet solo).also in song ; " Come back to Erin." " Kathleen Mavourneen." AC, Absolutely grand records. 23.-All Latest ZONO Records ha Sacred for Christmas and Frivolous for Boxing Day. Customers are resp,,ctfully requested to call as early as possible. I expect to be sold out by Saturday next. Business hours 9 till 9, Saturdays. 9 WI 10.30. HALF A raILLION Talking Machtne Owners use ROBIN- EsON'S Special English-made NEEDLES. To each of these, as well as *very other client, I tender my thanks for past favours, and take this opportunity of wishing you ONE and ALL A MERRY CHRISTMAS and A HAPPY NRW YEAR (If I can nelp you towards either my services are at your disposal).

INCERABB YOUR INCOMR BY TR AXING. —Send for William Cotton's 5s parcel of Jewellery, Hosiery, 1.503, Haberdasbefy, Overalls. —IVETI'DAY Cross, Sottioghlm. Established 1848.

MONLEY 19 Ir --nnanta by weight 1 experience unnecessary ; sena stimp far cats`ogge oldest estAblishel.—CoCElßSNE.l3 WAREHOIME, lieoat rd. Salford, Manchester.

FFLEDGCIIII. 10, 6d, each, sent on 7 days' approval. Three y:ars accounts. Dlry, Stoak, Crops, S9r Ace Record, Cmting, Wages, Poultry Accounts, &a. —Hippy/ & BAKER, Ihe Newarkes, Leicester. ADIES Real GoLl EXPANDING RING, 23 9L; &sate LI Gold-cased Chronograph stop Watch. 6e.; Ladies 9-at. gold Kaffir Diamond Ring, se. ; ba7gain ; list tree.— BROADBENT, Cerlatli rd., Plymouth,

NEVir, GENUINE, Excelsior. Gold-Moulded RECORDS exchange system, 6id. each ; particulars of gr,-,at free gift scheme and list poit free; dealers should !write ; azents wanted, FALCON WORKIE Falcon Terrace. Clapham JurrtiOta, London.

AGRNTS FOR CHEAP WINDOw GLASS. 50000 Feet of Window Glass, small sizes cct and supplied at the lowest price ; Winiow CCRIS of all substances, colours, and patterns; Plate-Wass and Sh )p Mirrors and Shades ; thi belt bouse.—ADA3l9, 212, North 13111 st., Liverpool.

EMBIBSP Gent's Box Call BOOT In England for 96. 12 whole golosh. leather IWO. sew' ; atl shapes ; well worth 12s. Ed.; fair wear or a new mils ; eirriage pald.—Tom TAYLOR, LTD., Manchester St LiVetpo)l. P o.'s should be crossed. Good. deipatehed same day. It's the quantity we sell that enables us to do them at the prlc3.

riiwo-sysnLED DOI-OMM rubber tyra3, walnut body 1 by Julien ; Four-wheeled Stanhope, rubber tyres, by Windover ; snats, letups, and enihions with eich.—Apply JOHN STONEB. Shins!' MN., Dolton.

CYCLES. 11JEW RALEIGH CYCLES, fitted with 3-speed gars; all 11 latest improvements ; —Rote address below WHAT OFFBRS for Model Superb RALEIGH Lady's X frame, fitted up complete.—Address below. T AMES' special WEARWISLL, enamelled green, metal .1J case, 2 brakes, free wheel, &c , wl h five years' guarantee; a nice Xmas present ; BEd—Address below. AS an XMAS PRESENT to the pula'io and advertisement to ourselves we are offering the following first grade Cycles. 19-17 Models, at extra special prices :—Elswick, Swift, Rothwells, Raglan, Wearwells.—Note a idress : WARRINGTON MOTOR CARRIAGE CO., LTD , Sankey et. F. R. HOLDING, General Manager. MOTOR OARS. 16 H INA.I7ISLamwo rEtLeh rARGYLL, nID. :Lilo?. soiled,o ff efitted r exchange.—WARRINGTON MOTOR CARRIAGE CO., LTD. 1.0-12 SHOP SOILED DARRACQ, latest Model, 2 Ignitions, side entrance Body ; will give 12 months guarantee; note price £135 —.WARRINGTON MOTOR CARRIAGE CO., LTD. 1907.-15 11.P.11 UM B Hlt , ready for delivery in January 1907.-21 MINERVA, ready for delivery January. 907• -18-24 FIAT CHASSIS, with 9 feet 3 Inches • Wheel base, delivery March. Your old Car taken In exchange.—WARRINGTON MOTOR CARRIAGE CO., LTD.

VOld DISPOaAL, a Bargain, Gent's Coventry ball free 12 wheel CYCLIii ; not soiled silver plated rims, all parts beautifully plated on Copper, rim brake, new and up to date, not ridden more than 20 miles, best pneu- matic tyres and tubes foyer punctured, guaranteed all new, complete with plated gas lamp, bell,ibag, pimp spanner and oller, also enamelled laud Guards, eases urgently wanted £3 2,g. 6d, approval willingly. T. HINEAND, Chargrove House, Asheombe-road, Weston-Super-Mare. _ CAgritulturai probuce, Vlants, Szr.

10 TOns Sutton,' Early RHGIiNTS on Sale, good sample, guaranteed crown from Scotch seed last season on heavy land; price 43. per cwt. ; also a few Bricures.—Apply, RIMMER, Berry House Scarisbrick, near Ormskirk.

EGGS I BGGI I smith's Ovary rani° is now recog- nised as the " Egg-Producing Marvel of the Age." and is already being used by over 10,000 Poultry Keepers with immense success. It Is very cheap, and we guarantee satisfaction or return your money. Over 400 are selling it. Prices : 6d. sample (1 oz.), Is. (3oz ), Is. (Soc.) By post 7d., Is. 3d.. 26. 4d. In bulk ; 156. per 1-gall. (equal to ten 26. bottles). 255, per gall. Carriage paid nearest railway station. Ask your Coat Dealer for it ; or direct from LEONARD SMITH AND GO., LTD., Poultry experts, 58, Brorns- grove st , Birmingham.

WANTED empty dean FARINA SUGAR BAGS and other descriptions. in large or small quantities ; terms mil:l.—Apply, 'X. WILLIAMS, 23, Sandoval lane, Wavertree, Liverpool.

AGliNTS.—Rnergetio Agents Wanted for the sale of Cattle Oils to farmers, bree,ers, boree-owners, &c. Excep- tional terms offered sultab:e t men. Enc'ose stamped envelope —WREN & Coy Leos Grimsby.

OOD WAGSS and full employment guaranteeed ; k.) WANIBD, RIB,* SPlNBlilid and DOFFISFIS or girls to learn same. Wages will be paid during period of learn- Ing.—Apply first instance. R.Lawre. 37 Bank xt.,Warrington. SUCCIESSFUL, well-established Firm, can employ more Capital to advantage, in extending trade. burns of £lO and upwards received at good interest.—Write CAPITAL, Box 4131. c/o EHABROW THATCHER, Holborn Place, London, W.C.

T IVIIRPOOL SCHOOL OF MOTORING, 12 and 14, NORTON ST , LONDON RD. MOTOR•CAR DRIVING AND MRCHANI3II. The Beat and Most }expert Tuition given by practical and qualified engineers. Bach pupil is taught on several different makes of csrs of 1906 motels. Frequent vacancies. Certificates granted. which are recognised everywhere. RIGHT LESSONS. B 3 31.

WKONSSDAY NEXT. 15) HORSES. 160 HO iLSE3. COCKERHAAI GR&A.T CHRISTMAS HORSE SALE, ESTABLISH() 18E6 • The ABOVE important Annual Sale will he held at Cockerham (six miles icon L•neaster and two miles from Bay Horse L. & Rsilway) on WEDNBsDAY, JANUARY 2,1 IE7, When upwards of 150 HILO( °LAS i !WHAM if:chiding powerful Dray and Linn, Horses, valuible Shire Alaroui and Fillies, Spring Van Horses, Match and Brougham Horses, Hunters, tiacice.eys, [Stylish Cobs, &i. Nearly all In the Breeders hands and out of the celobrated ryide Horse Breeding District will be sold by Auction. NOTE :—lncluded in the Catalogue will be a number of LONDON & YROVLNCIaL WINNERS w •rthy of special notice. Warranty Conditions mad trial given, Sale in two riafs. For Catalogues apply to TRW. AMRITSTEAD & SON, Au3tioneer3, Lancaster.

ROBERT L9NV E, USTATiI AGENT. uoTIONER. & VALUBII °Mee and Salerooms: No, 1, BANK.STURT WABEINGT3N. TELMIONE, No. 55. CUR ADvArreED o 1 Goorri DEPOSITED IrTit Str.r. New and Sic md-band Furniture and other (I.ods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection incited Furniture, :to.. warehoused.

UNIVERSITY SeduOl., S :uTAPORT.— A Most Successful Boirdlng School for Boys. W. HENDIVISON. "rtnclol.

KI RBFIEL D, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.— BOARDING and DAY SUHOOL FOR GIRLS; Boys received up to ten years of aze ; School re- pens Tuesday Septentbsr 18th; Principals at home on Monday, deptembe. 17th. A full terrn'e notim revived b foe the removel of a pupll.—Principale : NMI tiA.RTLET and Miss 511. L. PECK.

QOUTIIPORT MOuEEN SCEIOOL.—A. FIRI- O(3 BOARDING SCHOOL FO ri BOY. Splendid results. Staff lnelodes B.Sc., Ac. G.mes. Gymnastics. o,clet Compmy Rini Range. Foreign pupl's received. School usual,y full. PRINCIPAL : J. C. Underwood, A.0.P.,F.11.4 S. (Beg.)

SQPRINGFIELD, UiNfiRSTON.—Good Officially Recognised SCHOOL FOR GIRLS (Lake District),with;n easy reach of Manchester. Every arrangement for comfort and we I-being of pupils, with h,ghast educational advan- tages. Large country house and grounds in exceptional y healthy situation. Riding. hockey, gymnasium, dancing. Entire charge taken. Reference to parents of present pupils. Principal, Mrs. HOLDREINIC,F.

TOE PRIORY, WARRINGTON. HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS ANL) KIINDHRGARTEIN. PRI NOI PALS MISS WILLIAMS B.A ,(Londoo) and MISS A. WILLIAMS A.H.O M. BOYS UNDRR THR Atlifl OF TEN ADMITTED. A limited number of Weekly boarders received. For prospectus apply to THR PRINCIPALLI. The School will re-open on Thursday January 17th 19 07. WARRING VON GROIMAR SCElOOl,,—Tne iqßxr TERM WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY, JANUARY 17YE, 1907. Thi HEAD MASTER will be at the School to Interview parents on Wedneaday, January 16th from 11 to 1 and, from 3 to 6. NEW PHYSICS and CHEMIC AL lABOlkr °RISS WORKSHOP, LICCTUR ROOMS. Au, PRBPARATORY FORM FOR BOYS from S to 12 years of age. Prospectus and Schaal List on application

HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON LO [)G _l_ Stockton Heath, Warrington. —Day and Boarding School for Olds, Kindergarten. Preparatory School for Boys PRINCIPALS, THII MIRSKS PARTING-TON (late of 23, Wilson Patten street). Prospectuses, on application. SIXTY-SIX S CIOONSSI43 IN 2 YEARS. NO FAILURRS. The next term will commence (0.V.) on AI ondav Sept. 17th

Af R. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M„ Professor of -L Music,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134. LOVELIt-LANE and Legh Street, Warrington.

111 ANCHEST ER GRAM HAR SCHOOL FISH, £4 4e. AND £5 se. PRE TERM. THE NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY. JAN. 15rn,1531" ENTRANCE EXASSINATION.CSIONDAY. JANUAIIYI4ru, AT 9 AM. Prospectuses, forms of application, ,tc , my be had at the echooi. The blarding house in cmnectim with the school is situated to Higher Broughton. OWEN W. 00X. Receiver.

t. 25 HARDWARR, Grocery, and.Gener.ll Stores for V Sale.listablisbed populous contre,maln thorough- fare; lease; moderate rent.-.-PEDVER, 2, Frederick it, Cardiff.

CIAPITAL COAL-BABGING BUSINESS for immediate Dispogal ; Horse, Lorry, Sags, beales, Weights, Bc3. ; ready-monsy trade ; splendid chanee.—T. ClownELL,llusiness Agent, Legh it., Warrington.

WANTHD, PARTNBR with about £2)O to £3OO ;for good money finking invention.—Pall particulare at inter- view as this is one or the best articles ever placed on the markt.—Addreea, W.P., "Sizatnincr" Office, Warrington.

SPLENDID MILK BUSINESS bit DISPOSAL, doing 13 dozen daily ; listablished 20 years ; grind turnout. price £IE4 ; genuine; rare chance of Bemiring a good living. —Apply T. Uowdell, Business Agent, 31, Legb et. Warrington,

QpLIiNDID CONFBOTIONBRIE and CATHRING BUSI- NBSE, at Stockton Heath, nice display windows ; grand fittings and fixtures ; suit y.ung lady ; price for all £3O t.) £3s.—Apply T. LowpaLL, Business Agent, Legh at.. Warrington.

joaN BROWN, 34, SOUTH. JOHN ST LIVERPOOL. TEL. 179 Y CENTRAL, HAS A VARIETY OF BUSINE6 MI ON HAND 10 SUIT ALL CLASSES OF BUYERS.

P ATENT OWPIOR SI AriLi II T BfitiBLIAMED IN 1835. Messrs. ciitoenn DAVIES ft SON have halt more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment andposliesspracticalknowledge of the cot ton.woollt n RIII Iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6d, " Colonial and Voreign Patent Laws," price Is. %EDI-ma DAVIES, 0.13., SON, P.1.P.A., IN.S.A 4. BT. ANN II SQUARE, ISAISCHBSTER.

QT. GisORGE'S IRON WORKS. LIMIT a 0 (late Ortnerod Grierson and Co.), Huime. Manchester, have the Larges Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEIZ PATTIUNS In the trade. In addition have purchase.' all Wheel. Pulley and Tooth Block Patterns &c., L0101441E4 to the late Henry Wren and Co., London. road Iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to dapply CLSTINGB, Millwright,and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Oataloguea of Wheels and Pulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 2.19, Manchester: Telegraphic address: .• Ormerod Orierson. Manchester."

CHARLES 1300TH AND k../0., MACHINERY STORES. 32 To 48. PARK LA.NR, LIVERPOOL. FOR DASH OR 1111458 PURCHASE. 12 Saw Benches, with and without drag motion. 8 Jacket Pans, various. , 85-Brake H.P. double-cylinder Oil Engines, by Priestnan; I Bros. ;In excellent condltioa. Price £55 Pair 121 n. cylinder Horizontal Hydraulic Steam Pumps with double-acting brass rams. lila. by 121 n, stroke, quite new, by Masker. 8, 12 and 20 Horse Portable Engines for 100 lbs. Sliding and Screw-cutting Lathes, 41n. to 181 a. centres Planing, Slotting, Drilling, Shaping. bililllng,and Weighing Machines. Nearly new 30in Band Saw Machine by Sagar. 100 Wrought-Iron Tanks, various. 100 Steam Engines, various, 1 to 100 horse-power. Quantity Wrought-iron Steam Coils, oblong and circular for heating purposes. 250 tons of Shafting. Pulleys, Hanger.. .I . in stock.

• LONDOE. TILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 30 TO 10 LUDGATE! HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON EQUARH. ROME 00MTORT8, CLEANLINESS AND QIIIET• CENTRAL TOR BUSINESS OR PLEASIIRE.

PUBLTO NOTIICH—THN OLO-3STABLIS U4D Iit?ADFORD ADVANCE CO., OF YlRKillitta, 1-1 kVI4 OPRNND A BRANCH IN 1,1 LOAIS GRANTRO VCRS TH4,IC VO, TO ANY AMRJNL O'q PmO.IItiSORY NOTH, ALSO ,ON FURNI- Tu2E WITHO'IT REMOVI:7O. RRPAY 4NTS TO SOIT BORRO .7DRI APPLY -THIS 131AnFOD ADVANCF: CO., 83, BILIDGE-STRiinT, .ORANSGATR. IdANCHR 3TUR. Trr EpFinnE No. 7313 c.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to 'MAIM. MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Rempent- atie Householders, on their owu security, without delay. on ronr simple written promise tl pay bank. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA OHAMBEREL WIDNES 700 T 07 TUT CENTRAL STATION. MANAGTR Pittl R. 40011 WIN. B. —l3atal)lisile I atthii r,as Twenty Year,.

pßom PT C ISTI ADVANCES ON SI ‘t PLY PRomissora NOTE. Granted Immediately. Promissory Noce 2s. weekly £lO £SO £l 3) DLTAC NO 013P4CT. No Fees. Fines, or Sureties. Strictly pri7ate and ConfiJential. Call or Write H. KiY CO., (Over Merchants itcstaurint,) 92, MARIOJT STREET MkNOEITISTER, Telephone No. 6845.

PLASE Nr)rll ADDRE,,S.—MAURECT, &C) 31, C4ITio ' TRH IlainT PRIVATE AND GENCINH OFFICE IN TOWN. I LEND MONEY to anybody worthy of credit. My rate of interest Is very low, and my repayments easy. Repay- ments may be male as follows £3 Loan... 19. weekly. £lO Loan— 3s. weekly. £5 Lam.. Is. 53, weekly. £l2 Loan... 39. 6,1. weekly. £7 Loan... 2s, weekly. £2O Loan-- es. weekly, Other sums In proro-ilon. Monthly or Quarter'y Payments taken. All transactions treated with strictest confidence, whether business is done or not. So call or write before you de^ile to go elsewhere, to th Manageress MISS COTTRRILL, 31, CAIRO ST., WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS. 2, RING-STRENT, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWHATE STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums ot from £lO to -21,000 ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. D A TIES wishing for temporary CASH ADVANZIES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATA OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO BIM THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVWY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. No SILLS OF N ALB ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED MANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SPORTIOY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS ititORIVE IMMEDIATE ATTECTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent oases a Representative wiil pall personally upon applicants ant complete the transactions at their own home or plaoes of business. My fair dealing and reasonable °bargee are wile!p ,ipown and my reputation stands nnri vaned,

el A S H A CCOMMODATION A! to all respectatlA' and:trustworthy persons, note of hand only, on these terms : £5 £lO £ls £2O £3O £SO £lOO „ £ll2 10s. Gd. Call or write to actual lender, W. JACKSON. 70, PLYMOUTH-GROVH, ANC YR 311011 26, Corporation-street, Manchester and 25, 1338 MATE-ROW. CHIME%

r • 111‘S. I HOS. CLARKE, STATIONKR AND NEWSAGZNT, ..Exasimitt OFRICA, 33, MARKET STREET, EARLASTOWIP. FANCY STATIONBRY SITITIV3LII3 FOR PRIMNTS.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORO DYNE, The old and tried remedy thatti stood the teat of two generations.l DR 3' COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, Invatuable for COUGHS, COLDS, pRONCHITIS, A STH NIA, NEURALGIA rimeU:3it to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE. The original can he had of ALL CHEMISTS if you show you are not weak enough to aempt an imitation. COLLIS BROWN IS THE NAME ; 10.0 2s. 9d., 4s. 64. the prices. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S C HLORODYNE.

Marriages. BLACKBURN—COWAP—December 22nd, at the Parish 1 Church, Warrington, by the Rev. T. W. Barber, George Blackburn, to Annice Elizabeth Cowap. TIMPERLEY—BROWN—December 22nd, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. T. W. Barber, George Timperley, to Annie Brown. MATHER—BALL—December 23rd, at the Parish Church, I Warrington, by. the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, Percy Mather L, to ouie Ball. KEEN—BARTON—December 23rd, at the Parish Church, I Warrington, by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, Harry Keen, to Lily Barton. 111AutEu—B XTER—December 23rd, at the Parish I Church, Warrington, by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, William Henry Mather, to Annie Ellen Baxter. Losii—YouNG—December 32nd, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, Alexander Losh, to Elizabeth Young. CALDWELL—PARRY—December 23rd, at the Parish Church, Warrington by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, John James Caldwell, to Mary Ellen Parry. HAWTHORNE—Nicnotsos—December 24th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Robert Lester Hawthorne, to Hannah Nicholson. STOUT—DYKES December 24th, as the Parish Church, Warrington by the Rev. Canon Willis, Joseph Stout. to Mary Dikes. BLUNT—GREcsos—December 25th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Edward Blunt, to Sarah Ann Gregson. CHANCE—HATTON—December 25th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, 137 the Rev. Canon Willis, Albert Edward Chance, to Edith Hatton.' MORRIS—HILL—December 2:Sth. at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, John Henry Morris, to Elizabeth Hill. PorrEn—Carcrwmcirr—December 26th. at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, Henry Potter, to Rachel Harriet Cartwright. CATTERALL—BRECH—December 26th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by. the Rev. Canon Willis Richard Cattemll, to Annie Beech. BENTON—SHAW—December 26th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Isaiah Benton, to Ada Shaw.

XMAS AND NEW YEAR PRESENTS. ARNOLD AND LEWIS, WATCH MANUFACfURERS in JIC NRLLERS, Respectfully beg to notify their Removal from 7, St., Ann's Square, to No. 21, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. And invite inspection of their entirely new stock of Diamond work, Jewellery, Gold and Silver Watches, Ac.,which they are offering at a discount of 25 per cent.

GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPb:NSIVE. UP-TO-LATE. GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. 11P-TO-DAI'E• A GENTS FOR THE G UNN SEC rioNAL BOOKCASE. GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. UP-TO-DATE.

he eramtner trfes OF WHIM-RHO NEWSPAPES3 COEPEI3III3 : THE WARRINGTON' 8c MID- SRtR E published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly P,per for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Penketb, Whawick. Padgate, Lynam, Bce., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers In Lanea • shire and Cheshire. The district ooverei by this Paper corn • prises a large trading and agricultural tract in south Lanett- shire and Mid-011eshlre. rICHR RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday mort frig. It Is the best weekly paper in the Toivn and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. man wiDsus EXAMIEHR. published every Saturday J. morning. Whines contains the largest namber of chemical works of an town In the Kingdom, and is a rapidly grossing centre of Industry. WILESTOWN AND NRWTON Hx.4.MINER. ,& publishes every Saturday morning The Lareest Local Paper conteinbag the News of Sarlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Colborne. Waydock. Lawton do The district this co nprised i.e mostimportant part of the Lancashire cal. fields 91215 ET. HELENS EX IN sirs. published every I Saturday morning oirculating In St. Helens. Prescot Parr. Sutton. Feaster Cross. &o.—the centra of thu Glass Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTISTMENTS. APARTMSNTS WANTRD.. HOUSE 3 WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO HS SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLAIROUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Weei.. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. Id. Is. 3d. ... 2s. Cd. ... 3s. 9d, 27 Os. 9d. ... I.s. 103. ... 38, Od, ss. 03. 36 ... Is. Cd. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 6e. Cd. 45 ls. 3d. 3s. Id. ... 6s. 01. ... 7s. Oct. 64 Is. 6d. ... 33. SO. 6s, Cd. lON. Cd.

THE EXAMTNER. DI:MEMBER 29th tO6.

COATS, COSTUMES, FURS AND MILLINERY AT REDUCED PRIORS. W • HOC GKINSON, LIMITER, LADIES' TAILORS AND OOSTURIERS, BRIDGE STRRBT, WARRINGTON.

THAT WEARY FEELING Is a sure indication of disordered digestion. Impurities are being drawn into your blood from imperfectly di- gested food, and your whole system is cic,gged. That is why you are always tired, why you never, even in the ' morning' feel really fresh- You must see to this at once, before worse happens. Take MOTHER. SVGRI.'S SYRUP. It tones stomach, liver and bowels, and restores the vigour of health. 13EGI1 TAKING IT TO-DAY.

rr,...„ r_ 1 insrel L-74 .4, 1,-t'l, ..7, •

- MEANS INDIGESTION

"I had no appetite, and what I did eat ar ....-1 caused intense pain at my stomach, 10 ` and wird. I suffered from headache ad. I and a dull pain in my.back. I could 1 not sleep. Sometimes a dizzy feeling "L'.... ......c.• would come over me, and I was a f-i -‘ martyr to constipation. I was so weary that : at I could hardly drag through the oi -n.'" day. But when things were at their ..,; a. worst MOTHER SEIGECS SYRUP corn- ‘, pletely cured me."—From Mrs. Mary c, Hayes, 57, Glenavon Rd., Romford It'd., 0 ' Stratford. London, E. July 19th, go& •2-,

MOTH ER , S SYRUP IS THE SURE CURE. I The 2/6 bottle oostaise der, Ow rl, as much as the If t. elm Ec

• •Luflg Troubles In treating lung troubles there are two main objects to be attained. First to heal the inflamed lung tissue, and second to improve nutrition. Angler's Emulsion does both. No other remedy has such a soothing and healing effect upon throat and lungs, while at the same time it has a truly wonderful effect in stimulating a weak stomach and restoring a lost appetite. Angier's Emulsion positively has no equal for coughs, bronchitis, consumption and all lung affections. It is prescribed by eminent lung specialists and is used in hospitals for consumption. If you will send 3d. for postage and mention this paper we will send you a free sample bottle. Angler's Emulsion (PETROLEUM WITH HYPOPHOSPHITES). THE MOST PALATABLE OF ALL EMULSIONS. Of Chemists and Drug Stores, IN, 2/9 and 4/6. • THE ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., Ld., $t Snow Hill, LONDON, K.O.

WOMAN'S REALM. I itthered a long full basque of the material. A -- wide, shaped belt of ribbon. finished with a DRESS—FASH I ON—HOME. rosette in fsont, conceals the join, and -adds greatly to the appearance of the coat. From the neck turn back large revers of the material, THE FIRST WHITE WOMAN TO CROSS AFRICA. edged with a band of insertion. Inside the neck It has been left to Madame Cabra, the oeura- is arranged a flat band of lace, vAtich lies in transparent fashion upon the neck, and is crossed geous wife of one of the leading officers of the in front where the coat fastens. The sleeves are Belgian Army, to give yet another instance of of elbow length, and are finished with frills of woman's endurance, daring, and achievement, lace and twists of ribbon. for she has just arrived at Brussels after eighteen TO-DAY'S RECIPE. months' adventurous travel and experience in CHICKEN SALAD.—Removo the meat from the journeying across the Dark Continent. Madame remains of a cold boiled fowl. To a breakfast- Cabra left Belgium early last year with Com- mandant • cupful of the meat take: half a teaspoonful of Cabra for Dar-es-Salaam, in German gelatine die.iolved in a little water, a gill of thick East Africa, travelling thence through Zanzibar, Mombasa, and Entebbe. From the capital of 'mayonnaise sauce made with the yolk of a hard- Uganda he and her husband went to Lake Al- boiled egg, oil, vinegar, salt, pepper, and mils- s bort and to Maliaji, croesed the Ruwenzo , tard. Mix all together, and roil into balls the ii I Range, so recently exploited by The Duke size of plovers' eggs. la, the meantime take the . bones of the fowl and let them Stov with a little &Abruzzi, and took several weeks in journeying ; down the Congo River to :..1 the coast. Madams .icken stock, sliced onion, a bay leaf, a few pep- , ! ey. When much Cabra adopted the rational' dress for her travels ' pole:orris, and a spray of parsl through the uncivilised wilds. Upon her return reduced strain, SC:IPOI1 well, an add a table- to Belgium last month she received quite aa d sooonful and a-half of velatine previously dis- solved in a little water. 2.L65.t some ernati aarioie ovation. I moulds with the strained atock. When set, I decorate with crescentsef truffle and flaked hard- I boiled yolk of egg, place the chicken in the eentre, fill up with the jelly, and serve with a aentim of fresh lettuce leaves.

41740eakiPerJ: *. An excellent Food, admirably adapted . to the wants of infanta and young persons.' —Sin CHARLES A. CAMERON, C. 13., M.D.. , Professor of Chetntstry, R.C.5.1., Medical , Officer of "Health for Dubltn, PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO 11.1. M, THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA. -

Dr. BAKER'S BACKACKE PELL ETS Are a new remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing Backache, Lumbago, Gout, 'then- madam, ,Sciatica, and all diseases of the Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain of Backache &c. A Suffeter says:—" I obtained quick relief from a terrible backache after taking a few doses of Dr. Baker's Backache Pellets. Write at once enclosing 12 stimps for one box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to Price DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE Cu, 63, NELSON SQUARE,- SOUTIPIVAR4E, LONDON, S.E.

Brown & Poison have been making Corn Flour for fifty years and always trying to make it better. They ought to know how to make it well now. They do. 'Patent' Corn Flour is their first quality —p/case see that you really get it.

Goddard's • Plate _ Powder rar neenißg Silver Electro Pia Eel/. .431t1 everywhere Ifr 2A5 &

_ Hayman9 s Balsam Cures GOLD & COUGH Unsolicited Testimonial.—" For several years we have been using your wonderful Balsam, and we recommend It to our friends as a most Efficacious Remedy...—. Miss HCNTER, Balham, May 20, 1905. All Chemists and %sm. Cash Prices gN 4., 1.;-, IS. ASK FOR HAYMAN'S - TAKE NO SUBSTITUTE.

aItiIfSBLOODIIZUR{

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PUFIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the Bluod from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS. , PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its etfokts [are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALA • SKIN &BLOOD DISEASE iOf all Chemists and Stores, 29 per r..;ottic, ' BEWARE OF IMITATIONS,

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. By Ilit'ADE'S PILLS. SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES ! ! 5, Mount-street, Northwood, Haley, Staffs, Jan. 6th, 1905. Dear Sir,—My wife suffered from Rheumatism for s long time, and could get no relief. She was a patient et the North Staffordshire Infirmary, but got worse,and could not walk without crutches. I heard about your Pills from a friend, and bought a small bottle. AFTER THE SECOND DOSE SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES, and was completely cured in a week. After spending pounds your pills cured her id a cost of 2s. 3d. I shall recom- mend your pills to everyone I know, and you can make the best use of this as a testimonial if it pleases you to do so. Yours truly, GEORGE WRIGHT. BADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the-proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswal road London. ADE'S GOUT & RI

pand you have a reliable remedy, proved by thousands of sufferers to be 110 unequalled for dispelling Disorders of the Stomach and Liver. It is not necessary to bring BEECHAM'S PILLS before your notice surreptitiously, fi)as they are openly recommended by those who have found that BEECHAM'S PILLS will do all that Is claimed for them—hence they have the Largest Sale of any patent Medicine. • - -: / .-----,--...----,---,---,--- Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1111(56 pills) & 219 (168 pills). ! ...' ..- ' , .111 r— . k lIMMONESSUMBIMIIIMIWATIAIGI i - k 0 '• Ail

, , - - : Iln 113 ." V.' 1 , igli, 771 'Flti 1t \ hi ..m.....- m :- Illustrated :ft iv .ii 1 c '7 ' tra flrs I' Fur:2l:62 ling Guido. A T --P. I"7 MN,'S`_,S .;. - , - Cont- nI alng eoo , , !... • i , i-I ft-7- ---"' -.--- frik -' - : , r , - w tO • li : ,4 IN.. .r. ARTISTIC .: - vg...5 • •j. --2 f 1 —OO- af e -11.1 mer .- t ' —e,. , „„:1•,,„ %, ,- I' ~e ~1 i t• ...” '' -, a '3" :1"' ,il a.. F ..a. V. • - ir.. pr.ced at Much Corcew Usual floares. ~—.......7...fi GRATIS :Mai r -13- ii-cit:ifiriTS - ---- - ------- I 4-- _ —_,...„.._ scasse ROAD STATIONI aOO YARD, ---4 POST FREE. LARGEST FURNISNINO PREMISES AND STOCK IN THIS cirn You are Invited to Inspect Thirty Thousand Pounds Worth.

_ o t D Ato,Tfirder!iuHl A 17Nt 1,,3 gs)r.o.o, pn,f. a es,gi rpaleanisiaddheoadooruvra. atew Ipeonitth.ebr. ing with blaoklng. GOLD MEDAL HID I RITION HIGD 33-83 ICI A WA P DS. ill ,frizic.rds..soafiL-„,&;,./.6,„tcrtsionßrotroll t!ec. Mannfaclors, East Dulwich, Lender.

- _ . f------. , :,--- • .. --- •-- - • JOHN HAIG' ‘ n - .( -. el/lee/jilt ' I . 'AS SUPPLIED TO TI-±2-7 JOOll4 HAIG *'lc,at V HOUSE OF LORDS. . ',MRCP NO" , , --• .6111147r.i-C.I. JOHN HAIC A Co. Ltd. 1 - NAK4IIOI .---- DistMers, • MAHKINCH. • '-- ' NIA oft. .400 -' - • MB. I 1 '-'. • - *I

fr THOUSANDS ARE Using Bradford's' • W?..shing Mat Writs rox WASH!NG AT HOME, saving tlniz, labour, and wear and tear of clothes. Illustrated (7atalogne on application. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., HO to lit, 1110, Holborn, Lo don Victoria Avenue, ilauchester ; 130, Cold Street, Liverpool; Crescent Iron Works, Salford.

• J. H. DOYENER & CO.'S, Ltd Union St. LiverpOol °USNECDE SAO Ks. Best and Cheapest for POTATOES, CORN, &o.

c RVE • - _") 55- r_ —TR/V.OE frfißß;) ,I 04; ...... Pi' ' Ili • • . • !i T • ), l' O. • Ili, • ' . . • ••• A 4.1 • )1

4,:: , 4mmeneeememeemememememememell4 , ----:461/4‘t-% it pays to buy the BEST and \-:„.7...-. .. i,v it'tp.' 'I ~.,. iiele.aw-t,-,45,---womistralammorr- • P ,IN i WORLD - FAMOUS - ~. • 1 :, \f?..l- i ,- , IS THE BEST. , TEREE-QtrharrEn PLATE English Lever. BEST LONDON ' MAKE. Chronometer Balance, all Latest Improvements, .., - zs 1 in Sterling Silver Crystal Glass Cases, £5:O any size. ;',- 4 . qP:.'.,-;,. (in Massive ISt. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, \sl . 4iv.,. , Gentlemen's, £l2 :12. Ladies', £10: 10.) - OR ON " Cbe Ones t, SYSTEM OE :- - MONTHLY PAYMENTS .. 1, of wow e 9, Cholla,' .215. t is siaitwA s IP r1.0.1a MIS for CALIIII:Is - ILLUSTRATED .nIJ. voile. y No 2 of , incha, 'l Itn- - Deposit with Order, 9 successive Payments of 10,- each for BOOKS per al Plate ' and ass. he £5 :5 Watch. For Gold Watch, Monthly Payments of £1 :I. FREE. ). Lr''l'''rr Ar.ic'" Steam 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, E. C. • ,Factory : - .• • V..-,..•,- , - ;•-.. . - ' . -n . - ' -V ' -

letanuaightrausuomaementa".llllo se4 wig. ../47 You Xave a something good to tell, there is no need to delude the unwary into 1 reading an apparently interesting story which proves to be a prelude to an advertisement. The startling story and the thrilling testimonial As do not add to the merit of the article advertised. If you are troubled with Bad Digestion, ..7mpure Blood, eCclnguor, 0 .7ncrctive Liver, Sick 3feadaclie, 0 0 or other such ailments which arise from a Disordered Stomach imperfectly LP doing its work, you need not experiment with the many medicines so V plausibly set before you; take d BEECHAM'S v_l op PILLSO

a ;.,,g, ..,1' . I Cii li I") 'P.( „-.....,-_-:-. -,,-.1,-11..tizt...:46--ii-, 1,,,,,,. ..-..• .1.1:: R 0 roe° P , ' . AI,Y, ..:'.! • - 'r-il r ~,- ,;!..Ityli, ~_,.....,..,,,i_,..,.).,A.c. -,0,-,,. PiA '4;.: _.,..-y I.:l44VA`*•-' - . , V ' 4‘ ' •f*. 4 74). A IL 1- -11 lib •"-'''. rr * 4 -,,,,4,,,,,,,,,..r., -1,,,,,,„ - .4„4„--. f.,,,, -,,, .... ,•_, -1 :.„,•,. _.,14, i_. .._ -„,,,,, c 1t,1,,„e: ~ ~,,,- . ~,-. - Estrolllshed 1845. Bankers: Lloyds. Tel ,hone: 11'24. < _

, FOR ' 7 -.. : iik USE f- -, Rili. : 4131/4 /I 66 (i' LIN;EED *9 ) ,6, 'MAD n i , ill MARI:WM' )1 ' 0 , OP , $i g '''-‘; KAY'S COMPOUND ESS OF LINSEED ANISEED ETC t.,.. 1 tts: ."Lits-geovove . ' \ -'1•----rit. -61 11 "EiSEED COMPOUND" is a reliable old English home remedy. It softens hard phlegm, permitting it to be expectorated without strains soothing the membranes and allaying the irritation so commonly ex- perlioced. There is nothing to equal it. Of all Oherniste at home and abroad. Refuse At I many ittbstitutes offered. Price, 91d..1/I}, 2A

-COUGH ...CROUP The Celebrated Effetual Cure tvithlot Internal Medici n e ROCHE'S Herbal Embrocation Will also be found very efficacious in cases of BRONCHITIS, LUMBAGO and RHEUMATISM Prise fls. per Bottle, of all Chemists. NV. EDWARDS & Son, 157, Queen Victoria St.,Lendon, Eng.
