===== 0002601_19060512_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
_ JOHN WALKER & CO., PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
doll=

===== 0002601_19060512_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS OF FIRST-RATE QUALITY, AT GEORGE STARKEY'S SEED WAREHOUSE, GOLDEN SQUARE, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

FOR CATALOGUES.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
T17,;..i",11. ;-,(i-,A .',5.4"ii,..t,N.q1.k. ~.-;,--•:::,......:,::;':.,..,,'.-.t,

,

===== 0002601_19060512_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'.414+1.,•0)e,

===== 0002601_19060512_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
.i,'l/4',1-...;4:,-'l,, 4.''.Ui,1;t,,,..',L

===== 0002601_19060512_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
SRLECTED MATERIAL.

FAULTLESS FITTING.

UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

•

===== 0002601_19060512_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
<.4 -44 ,

===== 0002601_19060512_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTHFORT.-THE MISSES CHADWICK, If EETITIELD, 34, BATH ST. COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS. ',CHUG AND PRIVATE, PIANO. VERT CENTRAL

===== 0002601_19060512_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060512_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
FM& LISTS Printed on. card or papa illastrabed, ittrequired. TUE 46-17 EAAMIN ER" PRINTING 0 FMB BEWSBY ETRBET, waimittriaTom

===== 0002601_19060512_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- ':

===== 0002601_19060512_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. . _ _

===== 0002601_19060512_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19060512_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYS.USE McDOUGALL'S Patent SELF-RAISING FLOUR IT IS THE BEST. The Examiner, Saturday, May 12, 1906.

comayiNA ABSOLUTELY PURE

I TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL.

the maternal decrees. But yesterday, in spite of hez I SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: Madge wildness, she could have passed judgment on many Gretam, while touring abroad with her mother, social offenders with all the cruel infallibility of At the monthly meeting of this Council held on Tues- day evening under the presidency of Mr. Plumb, it was becomes- acquainted, in an unconventional way, ignorance. • Even now she would have hesitated decided, at the request of the Women's Social and man of great reputation as a traveller and lineuist, rather ,on the ground of her own obvious unfitness Political Union, to write to the Prime Minister enders- but whose advancement in the army is hindered ba%, to occupy the bench than on that of such crimes ing the claim of women to the vote—Some discussion an old feud with one of his superiors. Madge is. . i!, against mere etiquette and custom being perhaps took place on a letter from the Secretary of the Local ist She long ego made 1113 her mine Labour Representation Committee (Mr. 0. Buckley) ardent Imperial . 1 Yet, even so Madge found it difficult to die- the Trades Commil by the delegates to a special con- strives to make her respect the conventions, but one regard her mother's authority entirely. She ference promoted by the Labour Representation Cora- morning the girl secretly goes mountaineering with would, of course have to tell her what she had , d the emphasis laid mittee. The delegates had reported that the meeting Blundell, who is interested in her, and she falls ir done, an .e she.on ."of course" "bad been badly attended and did not fulfil the purposes , love with him in eainest. ! assisted her in her preparations for going out. But intended." He protested against the statementas being ' I even when she put on her hat she protested incorrect and unfair and damaging to the Labour move- ' vigorously that it was not certain yet whether she ment. The meeting, which was only semi-public, was would go or not. Her veil did not quite settle the attended by 36 delegates representing IS societies and i And she burst into tears once more. Oh, oh, matter. It was only when she sat by the window other visitors. The purpose was .to keep the Labour should she ever see him ngain ! In this new desola- and saw the white smoke of the train, on its way Representation Committee prominently before trade tion what her mother said mattered nothing. SI could never have loved anyone in all her life. --le to Villeneuve and Montreux, coming round the unionists and to endeavour to get now members, One buttress of Mount Arvel, that she jumped up and part of the purpose was fulfilled and it remained i "Who was the ungentlemanly wretch who took went out swiftly. Just to look at him from a to be seen if the other was. There was every prospect ; advantage of your ignorance to compromise you of more members joining in • • • • the near future— thus ?" shrieked Mrs. Gretton. distance, only that! So she slipped by the azaleas and oleanders, The secret ery (Councillor Stott) moved that the letter , "He's not an ungentlemanly wretch," cried ' lie on the table. If they were going to promote this ;and went down the steep little steps at the end of kind of thing it would bring dissention into the ' Madge, indignantly, "and he didn't take any the hotel garden, and took the tramcar to Council. They ought certainly to have confidence in advantage, for I wanted him to speak to me. And Montrefix-Territet. Her Colour came and went, and their delegates. There was not a unity of feeling i why shouldn't I want him to ? " regarding the success or otherwise of the conference,/ "Why shouldn't you want him to? "groaned her ' her heart palpitated strangely. What cOuld she say mother. "Oh, I must get you home again. In to him to make it seem less bold on her part ? and he did not think their delegates committed any I error sufficient to justify the officials of the Labour my state of health, so irretrievably, so wretchedly What, indeed! But sutldenlv her heart leaped, for Representation Committee writing to the Council and I in a moment of inspiAtion She solved the problem stating bad, I cannot bear this eeeponsibility I cannot' that they had not given a correct report.—Mr. ; - s • and was happy. Her colour stayed now, and her bear it! I cannot bear it . You will not go out ed Mr. Plinston expressed disapproval I again while we remain here. I can only hope eyes sparkled, and though her bosom heaved her of the Yventilation of the question by correspondence! excitement was joyful. , in a local newspaper, contending that such a course ! this conduct of yours is ignorance. I almost fear She would tell him that she knew Sir Daniel tended to drag through the mire individuals and bodies 'it is not. If the doctor will permit it we shall Fielding, the Adjutant-general, and that she would connected with Labour.—The resolution was agreed to. I return to London the day after to-morrow. What ask dear Sir Dan to give something really good, —At the request of the Plymouth Trades Council, who ;benefit I might have received grom my stay here "for Sir Dan, you knows is a connection of ours, , object to the action of the Admiralty in trying to do i has been entirely neutralised by your conduct. and I know his daughter " ; so, of course, it would away with apprenticeship in the engineering department You can egin to pack, Margaret. I shall want of the navy, it fins decided to 'write the Borough Marchment. Pack, now, at once." be all right.right enough it seemed till the car dropped Member asking him to support the Labour attitude I And She left the room, but returned, being dramati- humming down the slope past the Grand Hotel, when the questien came before Parliament.—lt was cally dissatisfied._ . reported that at the next meeting of the local Labour Remember, I forbid you to leave the grounds and she saw her black knight standing on the steps, Representation Committee a proposal would be made evidently ready to leave at once. He looked dark to change the name of the organization to that of " the of the hotel while we remain," she cried, with her and gloomy, and that was pleasing. He smiled and Labour party " and so follow the example of the hand to her bosom. "I forbid it. That a child of lifted his hat to a lady: That was annoying at first, National CommitterS.—The Council decided to support mine should disgrace me. Great Heavens, die- but Madge decided not to mind as he was going,- the retention of the old title.—lt was resolved to send grace me! Whet_ have I done with my pocket- and did not shake ,hands. Yet she got nervous an expression of thanks to Mr. C. Madeley, curator handkerchief ? r shall tell your father. Re will again. and librarian, for his kindness in arranging the recent be crushed. I shall telegraph for him to meet us Would he not see through her little scheme and smile to himself when he got away ? No, she visit of the members of the Council to the Museum and at Paris. Ring the bell ; iend me Marchment. I could not speak t 6 him. - Art Gallery., am ill, lam overwhelmed, I am—overwhelmed!" ; And on getting out of the car by way of render- She turned, groped blindly for the handle of the ' ing it quite impossible for him to see her, she hid door, which she saw perfectly well, and staggered in the little glass shelter-house, on the "trottoit into the passage. Having this time made a suffi- pour Lausanne," and, of course, was spotted by him ciently effective exit she came back no more, and the moment he crossed the rails. But, Heaven be Madge, who had been acquainted with the domestic thanked, he was at least alone. When he was theatre from her childhood, turned the key, and within three yards Madge almost rushed at him, flinging herself upon the bed forgot her mother; and began talking without any preliminaries about while Marchinent, after wringing her hands in what she proposed doing ' simulated anguish, set about choking her mistress • ic 1 •• - with the strongest smelling salts. I came especially to see you, Captain Blundell," Madge sobbed bitterly for some minutes, until it she cried, "because I was thinking all last night— occurred to her that, having disobeyed her mother last evening, I mean—about what a shame it is you should be treated so. And we've got some once, she might do it again. The penalty could not be much greater, for she knew that her life influence, you know, and my uncle doesn't want it, and Billy's se young. And I think I could get during some months would be a bitter course of my father to speak to .him. And if he wouldn't— disciplinary reproach and innuendo. Her mother's papa, that is—l know his daughter. She's a great indignation would be laid upon her at every meal, ' and "certain episodes at Montreux " were sure to riend of mine, and the last time I saw him he be held responsible for the results of hot rolls and was very nice, and I know he likes me, so if I asked him I daresay he'd do it." a passion for pastry. i And she found her hand in Blundell'. He led "I may as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb," her a little aside. sobbed Madge, in figurative language, peculiarly "Pardon me, my dear yo un g lady. but I don't distasteful to the correct lady in the next chamber, quite understand. Who is he, and what can he And the "sheep" was going to see Captain do? . Blundell off. I Madge took her hand away and blushed: ' "I'll never see 'him again," she moaned. For "Oh, dear, dear! Didn't I say? I mean Sif she was out of the mountains now, and drank no Daniel Fielding-: he's Adjutant-General." divine air. The world was desolate, the future a 1 She saw Blundell's face grow stern, and more void, home no consolation. ' than stern, even cruel. His mouth closed; she "And if Billy goes away there'll be no one but saw a ridged ,muscle on his jaw. His eyes narrowed father." ' and then opened blazing. , She cried ,a little longer and then suddenly 1 "You don't like him'!" cried Madge, piteously, ceased. Beim" without much experience of tears ; with starting eyes. i she did not know how long she might venture to "Like him!" said Blundell, recovering hiniself. weep without shewing signs of it next morning. I "No, perhaps I don't. And, considerring what I She jumped up and looked in the glass anxiously. , owe him, it's hardly likely. My dear Miss On the whole what she saw there must have been Gretton, he's my bitterest enemy, and what he did fairly satisfactory, for she smiled faintly, and went against me in India remains none and probably to the window with a hand-glass to have another ' will to the end of the chapter. Don't ever mention* look at herself. There was something in her face, Imy name to him. Next to my desire to do some- something subtle which she had never seen there • thing, is my desire to get even with Sir Daniel before, and as she studied it with interest she was I Fielding. Ind as I probably never shall, I find it ' suddenly aware that she was older in some trying to hear his name." astonishing but not displeasing way. She blushed, i "I'm sorry," said Madge, desolately ;"but I'll a little, and seejng her ears so pink, examined : speak to my father." them with half-feigned Triosity to avoid her own i "I'd rather you didn't. I'm not liked, and y6i eyes. Then the actress in her looked appealingly ! will only make it unpleasant for yourself," replied at--Captain Blundell. She smiled at him seriously, , Blundell. "And here comes my trtr 'n. Did you and rehearsed some casual farewells, which were enjoy it yesterday? " • " fearfully artificial and did not convince her. She i "Oh, yes, yes, said Madge, pulling her veil heard him say again: I down. "I did, I did." "Good-bye, my dear little girl." I "I'm , glad," said Blundell, "very glad. I And suddenly in her swift and warm imagina- : wonder shall we ever meet again s . tion he clasped her to his beating heart. She put i But Madge could nrA speak. Regardless the hand-glass on the dressing-table and resisted. whether she was seen-or not she followed him to But he was strong, so strong, and— e his carriane dumbly. Fortunately it was not the "Oh, dear, she must be as wicked as her Mother I season, and very few people were on the platform. made out. She rushed to the basin and bathed her I arm only a girl, but I'll do something for kissed and glowing face in the waters of disillusion. ' you," she said at last. "It's a shame, a shame." Oh, dear, oh, dear I And ever and ever she heard Blundell stared at her and hesitated. again: "Put up your parasol," he said, quickly. And "My dear little girl," in his very accents. . she put it up wonderingly. "No, I'm not wicked," said Madge, "and I I "Good-bye, any dear, good little girl," he cried, don't care if I am. I don't care, I don't." sea under cover of her parasol he kissed her on the And if, as nursery morality has it, Don't Care i cheek. leads to the gallows, Madge was ready to march to I Tears wetted her veil; she saw dimly. lie was the scaffold provided only that Richard Blundell, I gigantic, strange, adventurous, departing. And of the 6th Punjaub cavalry, now stationed at Dun- i gone, gone! Dun,, where the only amusement was snipe-shoot- "I care for nothing now," said Madge. ing, went with her hand-in-hand to death. ' And Dick Blundell, remembered her vividly till - Her ten minutes of revolt and despair with her he came to Modelle. Even on the steamer her, head in a pillow had somewhat disarranged March-1 beautiful face rese up in his dark mind, and he was merit's work as a co/Plume. So Madge pulled it all I glad and sorry. Yet she was only a child, only a down, and, wondering whether "he '' would like it i child, after-all.that way, hypnotised herself into temporary calm I Down her hot cheeks dropped hot tears, but with comb and brush. Presently shq heard a' mnage was ,not all unhappy. She wanted to be knock at the door, and on her saying "Come in," alone. Even the quiet 'load under the burning June Marchment entered. 1 sun appeared full of people; they would mark her I Your mamma says, Miss Margaret, that Yclt/ grief. She ran down the steps of the embarcadere, can have your dinner in your own room," said the , and sat under the trees by the lake's verge, for n maid. "And she bade me say, Miss, that she would prefer you to." there she might see again the white smoke of his train priest Tofu. de Pei's, "Shut the door quick, Marchment, and just He had kissed her! . ' twist my hair up," cried Madge. "I'll not have And she had been kissed. dinner here." These were two separate and astonishing facts. "Your *mamma seems very upset, miss,".said To consider, first, that one of her heroes, put. i'slarcbinent, with evident curiosity. , • down upon her list of men, celebrated for deeds of "What about ? " asked Madge, coldly, and Marchment attended to her business. valour and endurance, had met her, had spoken without an introduction (entirely unnecessary in At dinner mother and daughter did not speak, romance) and given her the best part of a day for Mrs. Gretton looked on Madge•s coming down' without even the sign of tears about her as another upon a mountain whence sue had surveyed a new world. He had not despised her conversation, and action of rebellion. So she sighed bitterly through. three courses, and refused pie as though the act had confided in her his greatest grief. He had called her his dear little girl ; and, repeating it, combined grace and good works. Madge knew it wit implied Hutt her mother's indigestion had been with "good" added, he ha d kissed her on the cheek. She stamped with vexation. Why had her veil arravated by •her disgraceful conduct. So she been down? took two helpings of the dish and Mrs. Gretton And he had asked with melancholy eyes whether could have shipped her willingly, they would ever meet :main. He wanted to meet For the first time in her life, at any rate for the first time she remembered, Madge slept yet 7 badly; her again. Oh, "yes, yes ! It was not all on her side. He would be hers; he was hers now. her imagination -was on fire, her thoughts were Yet she, Margaret- Gretton, had been kissed by a aflame. For this was the Plicenix fire of - her fire man who mem great cycle. The child and girl were dying; the - really a stranger and had not ' resented it. Kissed under a parasol in broad clay- woman who was girl and child as well was in the throes of birth. She sprang out of bed many times, light in .a. railway station! Was ever such a srandalous thing heard of? Her cheeks burnt ss and standing by the open window let the cool that it seemed a wonder rher veil did not bent into night air breathe upon her bosom. The trouble in flame. What would her mother say of this if she her soul and body bred a fever. Blue cried to the knew it ? The very thoug.ht extinguished the fire cold heavens for help. Out yonder in the darkness in Nadae's face. but suddenly she saw the distant lie was sleeping. Did lie know that she suffered smoke of the train running. past La Tour into and adored him, that he was her ideal, her king, Vevey, and, putting up , her parasol, under its her man among men? Oh, no, no, he knew cover she cried her heart out. Oh, blessed, blessed nothing, and thought her just a girl to whom he had spoken and been kind. Who would not be P She heard a clock strike eleven, and rose to go parasol ! His head had been under it too! proud fo love him ? By any miracle could he home. There were several reasons for getting beck have been left for her ?It was impossible. She ore ,e I f Iler mother found that she had been out. \ must think no more of him. She would not go tc For one thing, to have someore mreaming indignantly-. the strtion, no, no ! Where was her pride ? What even in the precincts of her secret tpoughts was a claim had she ? Hers was not the perilous, strange beauty that enchanted and compelled, and no long sacrilege—an outrage to her lover and herself. . And then it would really disturb her mother very sweet growth of sympathy was compensation for 'inch. It was not always advisable to speak all the loveliness she lacked and yearned for. He onel knew ; and as she could not tell all, it was would go and think of her no more, not even better to say nething. ' She admitted she feared a remembering her when-he died in some remote and fight at present, and was very glad to have such awful land of wild barbaric war, solid reasons, such good reasons for holding her And nature and natural hope, and the swift tongue. arguments of foreseen joys, tasted and untested, She got back to her room safely and had a long , helped her in her despair. lie had looked at hex desolate crs•, being now entirely careless whether so; had spoken with tenderness. "My dear little she shewed signs of tears or not. It was likely girl !" She clung to that and built on it, and her eyes would recover before she saw himengain. beard him' repeat it at her asking: No. othez She touched her kissed cheek, and kiss eed her phrase could ever be so sweet; and, coiled at last in fingers. Hateful, hateful old Sir Dan, what did bed, warm and palpitating, not hopeless, though he mean by being Richard's enemy? She most find with tears, she said it over and over again and fell out the reason, and make him Richard's friend. aileep. For she had promised to do something for Richard, Kii the morning she was nervous, but stronger! and she A'ould do it or die. , rtsliamed yet glad, for from the marriage of innea And presently it ikas twelve o'clock, and Mrs. cence and love is born the woman. She hardly Gretton's day began. feared her mother now. In the few hours of one - She was esrecial2v spiteful. or perhaps it only

CHAPTER V.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Academy.—From a popular point of view, this year's Academy is distinctly bright and interesting, not less so because the critics have been unable to dis- cover so many masterpieces of the "pictures of the year" as usual. "A Venetian Funeral' by Mr. Frank Brangwyn is by general consent one of the best pictures in the exhibition, and another of exceptional interest is Mr. • Abbey's "Columbus in the New World." The interest which was centred in last year'*" The Cheat," is once again aroused by the Hon. John Collier in his "Indeed, indeed, repentance, oft. I swore," which is sufficiently nebulous to arouse curiosity, though the subject representing a lady on the sofa in the firelight is not L 3 dramatic as that of lest year. It is the imaginative pictures which draw the largest crowds, though it does not follow that they are the best. Amon.' the less pretentious works is a simple flower study by Princess Patricia of Connaught, which has been given a place in this year's Academy. The Marchioness of Granby too, has some sketches, and the catalogue also includes the names of several other dis- tinguished amateur artists.

The Portraits.—The Royal portraits in the Academy include two large pictures of the King and Queen, painted by Mr. Colin Forbes for the Canadian Houses of Parliament, and there is also a charming portrait of Princess Gustavus Adolphus by Mr. .1. J. Shannon, representing Princess Margaret seated, and amply dressed in white. Very striking too is Mr. Dick. se's full-length portrait of the Duchess of Westminster, whilst Mr. Sargeent's most interesting exhibit is his portrait of" Maud, daughter of Mr. George Coats, Esq." A portrait group by Mr. Sholto Douglas, is notable as including a full-size picture of a motor-car, rather a novel feature in the exhibits at Burlington House. The large manber of portraits at the Academy , shows how much our artists are engaged in painting on commission, which is a pity, as such productions are , not of much interest as a rule, except to the originals and their friends. They are mostly portraits of women , and girls, and one sees them in the opening day of the Academy, explaining to groups of their friends how the ' painting scarcely does them justice. Dress at Burlington House.--The prevalence of the : -ostrich feather, whether in the form of boas, or waving from the latest millinery trin-npbs, must have struck even the most casual observer of dress, at the private view. The women who boasted no sign of an ostrich feather in some form or other, might almost have been counted on the fingers of one hand, Another notable feature was the short glace coat almost covered with ' strapping, tuckings, and frills. Taken as a whole, the i millinery was more curious than pretty, pc .cock's feathers, and alas, the paradise plume, waving wilding about at considerable heights, while a not uncommon spectacle was that of flowers, fruit and feathers, all I piled together on one hat or toque. The impossible angles too, at which the majority of the " cr; Along " I were worn, filled one with amazement, and also specula- I tion as to how long it had taken patient maids to build I up a foundation of hair, real or acquired," or both, upon which to poise them.' The favourite colours appeared to be blues, heliotropes, and lavenders, in I every conceivable shade. The Eel-Skin Robe.—Sheath-dresses are rapidly coming to the front for evening wear, a fact women I with a good figure and carriage will appreciate. We have tightly-fitting and clinging robes,covered entirely I with jet, or steel, " raven's wing "spangles, s; ed pearl , embroideries, or again, little discs of mother-of-pearl, set in silver einoroidery—but undoubtedly the best , effects are obtained in the black or "raven's wing " I specimens. For wearing beneath these sheath-gowns,! "I had been only fairly well, suffering occasional special underskirts are prepared, the upper part being of ' ailments. Then a severe cold settled on my chest and silky and very elastic fabric, while from the knees developed into a hacking cough, yhich laid the founda- downwards, innumerable ruches. frills and flounces, tion of a serious illness that might have ended in my which flow out in the most approved fashion, cover a death but for Dr. Williams' Pink Pills." silken slip. I "My chest was full of tearing pains," continued Mrs. Waist Belts.—Waist belts have been little affected by Davis, 241, Syston-street, Leicester, "and my lungs the corselet skirt, and are being offered in greater became terribly inflamed. I fell into a weak, low, dis- variety than ever, in the shops. Those of soft kid are ' heartened state. My cough worried me day and night ; I still generally worn, and may be had in hundreds of could obtain no rest. At lest I could hardly walk. My different shades to match one's gowns. With morning eyesight, too, was strangely affected. I had doctor's frocks, simple _belts of stitched linen are being used, advice, but became a physical wreck. Every mouthful and for many of the less elabomte afternoon toilettes,soft ; of food caused torture. My blood turned to water ; silk or ribbon belts finished off with small bows look say hands and feet were always cold ; my lips and best. The chiffon or silk elastic belts which are beieg cheeks livid ; my teeth ached, and I was subject to worn some four or five inches deep, are a little more violent neuralgia. The least exertion made me breath- dressy, especially when drawn back and front, through less ; my heart would cease, and then suddenly thump large oval buckles of dull gold. ; furiously. I underwent hospital treatment, and learned The Welsh Industries' Sale.—The exhibition and Sale that my illness was general debility, aggravated by , of Welsh Industries, held by kind permission of Lady I obstinate and neglected "Everything ails done to relieveanmmirs my sufferings, but. Naylor Leyland, at Hyde Park House, proved a great success. The Welsh tweeds and flannels sold speedily ' illness the bad taken a strong hold on me. After two and the Pembrokeshire stallholders had no difficulty ia ' operations, I attempted to get about again, but was I quickly disposing of their much admired quilted satin soon reduced to a weaker state than ever. I coats, and perambulator, and cot spreads. The amethyst I looked awful.. Once I collapsed suddenly and had to be driven home in a cab I thought death woutd shortly and topaz charms, hat pins and scent bottles, that hailed from Aberystwith, went off well, and so also did the ' ensue. ' The cough seemed to tear me to pieces. When fn Ewenny pottery from Gliamorganshire. ends suggested Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People T refused, for everything else had failed. How- Starvation Wages.—Women and girls are the chief ever I began taking them, and soon my cough mended. victims of " sweated labour " and the " Sweated " ,My appetite improved wonderfully, and I could digest Industries Exhibition which remains open at Queen's and retdin food, and gained flesh. Life seemed to have Hall, in London, until the end of May, makes a practical pleasure in it. and I did not find exercise or work effort to call public attention to the wretchedly ill- fatiguing. I bought more pills ;my colour returned e paid nature of their work. Match-box making at 2d. I had no neuralgia. My sight became stronger, and I or 2A. a gross, paper-bag making at Gd. a I,ooo.artiflcial regained my former vigour and strength. Now lam flower making umbrella making, carding, book folding completely well. I feel ten years younger, thanks to are some of the- trades repre.-nted, in which, as in also ' Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. every kind of sewine, embroidering, and making-up, I When Vitality is reduced and Healta becomes fickle women and girls are employed terribly long hours for a Dr. Williams' Pink Pills restore strength by giving starvation wage. The public is often reminded of this good red blood and fortifying the nerves. These pills fact by some tale of tragedy and squalor in the news- have cured repeatedly Anmmia, Indigestion, Influenza's papers, but tbe " rage for cheapness " prevents any after-effects, Eczema, Rheumatism, Sciatica' Neuralgia, practical refotm of the conditions of labour, of the Effects of Overwork or Worry, St. Vitus' Dance, home-workers. They are still much the same as when Paralysis. Ladies' Ailments. Ask for the genuine pills, Tom Hood wrote "The Song of the Shirt." sixty years labelled "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills fbr Pale People' ago. When so little advance has been made in all thet If in doubt send 2s: 9d. for one box. or 19s. 9d. for six, time, it would be too much to expect any great results boxes, to Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Holborn-viaduct from the " Sweated " Industries Exhibition, although London it is perhaps a hopeful sign that it is attracting large I crowds of people to the Queen's Hall. A Devonshire House Wedding. —Mary CRICKET ANNUAL FOR 1906. - Duchess of i Hamilton has no London mansion of her owe, and the ' The ninteenth issue of the Athletic News Annual •wedding of her daughter Lady Mary Hamilton and the tells us what Tyldesley has accomplished in the cricket Marquis of Graham will take place early in June, from field apropos of leis approaching benefit, a wealth of Devonshire House. This will be the great Society statistics abut the recent Test Matches in South wedding of the season, for it is an event indeed when • Africa ; the fixtures,both of the leading counties,leagues Devonshire House opens its portals to receive a bride, and clubs for 190 G, the averages of the counties and the The last occasion was when Lady Acheson also like leagues in 1905, and much other valuable information Lady Mary Hamilton, a granddaughter of the Duchess and carefully' pllected records, including the hundreds of Devonshire, was married to Mr. Stanley a year or of 1905, the catches of the season,birthplaces and birth- two ago. The thres daughters of the Duchess of days of the leading amateurs and professionals The Devonshire were all married whilst their mother was photograph on the cover is that of J. T. Tyrdesley Duchess of Manchesterand the wedding of Lady Louisa (Lancashire), while IL Martyn (Somerset), N. A. Knox Egerton, the Duke of Devonshire's only sister, took (Surrey), C. J. T. Pool (Nortbants.), G. Dennett place very many years ago. A good many Society (Gloucestershire), J. Humphries (Derbyshire), and J. brides are ignoring the superstition that May marriages W. notheig (Yorks.), comprise a picture gallery of are unlucky, and among them will be Miss Hyacinthe celebrities who have distinguished themselves on the Bell, who is to be married to Lord Kelbourne, son and field of cricket. On sale now, price ::1(1. heir of the Earl rind Countess of Glasgow on the 29th I - +of this month. This is to be a country wedding at St. I -Mary's Church, Bletchingley, the picturesque little 1 Surrey village, where Miss Bell's family reeides at The sum of .C 331 10s. 9d. has been raised for the benefit Pendell Court. of the widow and children of James Gask ill, the Stock , port hatter, who lost his logs when saving a child on MADGE. ; the Steckport tram route. 1

===== 0002601_19060512_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
74: T • 1 ;11 A 1 f—N-71 I I • •ta..13, .t 4 1.1 V-U n fo , )—sk ‘t.e e

Yes, Madam, we know it is hard to make vou believe that clothes can be properly washed with- out boiling.

You won't even risk a week's wash by trying. But you don't like the steam and smell and work, and we believe you are willing to be con- vinced.

Will you do this? Take one piece next wash- day—say a tablecloth with stains in, or an extra dirty piece of any kind.

Do the rest of your washing in the ordinary way with ordinary soap and the trial piece in the Fels-Naptha way"- with Fels-Naptha. soap. If the piece isn't whiter and cleaner than the others take this advertisement to your grocer and he will give you .back the 2y.,d. you paid for the Fels-Naptha. Will you do this?

FELS-NAPTHA 59 Wilson Street London EC

===== 0002601_19060512_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
cay s". 11 had achieved certain rights and could , (CoPrigAt.) defend them. , i ; A SON OF EMPIRE. Poor Mrs. Gretton. who suffered from a fashion- ithle form of insounna, w‘fuch consists in sleeping i only some eleven hours out of the twenty-four, I rarely rose before twelve. So Madge had nothing i BY MORLEY 1 ROBERTS, to prevent her going out all the morning, but, in Author of "'The Western Avernus," " Strong a pet phrase of her mother's, "her own sense of ' Men i and True," "The Earth Mother," "Red Earth," what was right and proper," and now she began to 1 hare certain doubts, bred on her own desires, as to "The Cheat Jester," Ice. the foundation on immutable heavenly laws of all , _

, _

===== 0002601_19060512_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Beeman so to mange, woo was developing most promising feminine nerves, and could have screamed in a fashion which would have considerably astot.ished her mother.

Airs. Gretton sat in an armchair by the window Ind superintend the packing until Marcbment could have tore her eyes out with infinite plensiim Alter some rapidly-repeated requests for the bitter pleasure of her company, Madge came to her mother. Signs of weeping were obvious to that talented observer.

"I am gratified to remark that your appearance this nuwning suggests sorrow for your conduct psterday, :be Baia. with foldcd hands. As Marchment was in the room Madge did not reply, but looked at her amicable parent with cold sloof eyes. "You do not answer me, Margaret ?" Madge felt an almost overwhelming desire to shriek astonishing news as an answer. "I was kissed this morning in the railway station under a parasol," she said to herself. And Mrs. Gretton detected the ghost of a smile on her daughter's lips. "What an unfortunate woman I am," she cried, snd fearing a long, interminable rigmarole Madge ;at in:

"But, mother, mother, what is-it you want me to.say ? 7

"15on't you dare to speak to me in a tone of sxpostulation," cried Mrs. Gretton. "I'll not be axpostulated with by a disobedient child. And I will not be, I must not be, worried. And now to be leaving just as I felt better, -on your account, Ind for you to behave so wickedly and then to dare, to dare to expostulate with rue. You don't xnswer me, Margaret?"

===== 0002601_19060512_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060512_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
%

===== 0002601_19060512_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
"Only Fairly nlcf.7" IS NOT WE'LL AT ALL

May Lesd to Genera Collsp.7e.

A Lifeless, • Weak, Weary Lady made Bright, Strong and Well by

===== 0002601_19060512_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
ID iiillarne Pink Pills.

at, me, defied me—made me ill. And she gimlet in her shame."

"I will speak to her seriously," said Gretton— "very seriously. And now about dinner." "I require none. After my bath, I will partake of something here. And I shall go to bed earls, Your presence relieves me of a responsibility 1 feel no longer able to bear." She dismissed him as though she said: "Fifty shillings or a month," and retired in good order to the bath-room. And George Gretton, whose sense of humour alone saved him from extinction, big man as he ass, tapped at his daughter's door. "Your mother w,ll not dine to-night, Madge; but I shall be ready in ten minutes. Hurry up, there's a dear." And when dinner was over, he said:

"Be a good girl, Madge. And, remember I'm supposed to have spoken to you very seriously---very seriously, indeed." (To be continuea.)

WHERE ENGLAND LAGo.

Reforms Achieved and Contemplated

In New Zealand.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERVIEW WITH MR. R. J. SEDDON.

. .. Madge caught a look of sympathy from the usually stiff and correct Marchment, and to her • 3wn intense horror she began to laugh,. Try as she Mr. E. Walker B.Sc., formerly of Bolton, r ends us an would she could, not control herself, and her !account of an interview he had with Mr. R. J. Seddor, mother's basilisk glaring made it worse. a. the New Zealand Premier, at the beginning of March. i "I'm sorry," she gasped in an interval, "but I Mr. Seddon offerei to tell his visitor anything he n't help it, mother. I . can't." wanted to know about New Zealariti Politics, and the 3S following interesting conversation which follewed is She went off into another peal which was nearly thus reported by Mr. Walker : I shriek. . . - , OLD-AGE PENSIONS. ' "She must be mad," said Mrs. Gretton, "mad, "Well, Mr. Seddon, lam keenly interested in old- mad, and wicked." •age pensions, and I hope to see them in force in England But in truth it was almost hysteria, and when Madge some day in place ot the workhouse. Are you satisfied finally gave up the contest and ran back to her own with the working of your old-age pension scheme in room. she lay on the bed and fought desperately New Zealand ?" ,with a desire to scream. Presently natural tears "Introduced old-age p-piasions into New Zealand in came to her relief. 1898," said Mr. Seddon, and after seven years' trial ere are so well satisfied with them that we have this "0 Richard, Richard, why did you go away ? sear 1906 increased the pensions from 7s. a week to I'm wretched, wretched 1 " 102. a week, and, mind you, that is for women as well Her mother did not tackle her again, but during as for men. A man and a woman over 65 are each the rest Of the day spent her spare time in con- entitled to 10s. a week, and I tell You a men and etructing indictments of her,daughter, which were his wife can be very comfortable on a pound a week, to be bald before her father. She composed especially if they have saved enough to live rent free, several and delivered them in the stateliest manner and that's not a difficult matter out here. ' in her mind. Sometimes she broke into actual "We find," continued Mr. Seddon, "the pension haste speech, and mixed the matter of her diatribe with good moral effect, for it helps to keep folks straight. When a man gets beyond fifty he had better k- ep a instructions to Marchment. , tight band on himself, for he must be of good moral "I shall wear that cloak in the train. Unbear- charact3r and sober and of respectable life, or he will able as she is, George, I consider her conduct has get no pension from us. Conviction of crime, dis- been greatly influenced by you. Yes, that one, honouring him in the public estimation, is a certain Marchment. I said the hat, Marchment 1 the hat! stop to a pension. ;so you sea our old-age pension laws You don't answer me, Marchrnent ? " are a help towards making sober, thrifty, upright, law- " Yes, ma'am," said Marchment. - abiding citizens, and it is cominglo be regarded as an And Mrs. Gretton, having announced that the honour to be regarded as an old-ageepensioner." girl was certainly not her daughter, but had "What about the cost ?" I asked.' probably been changed at a very early period . dis- "Not nearly so great as you think at home. I have , ~-ins, i t had a cable from London to the effect that e missed her washed-out maid, and took two hours' ize,ooo,ooo a year s stated to be the sum required to Bleep. give old-age pensions at home. I say that is all They went to Paris by way of Geneva, staying 1 nonsense. We know by nine year's experience what it there a night. On the way north Mrs. Gretton I costs here. You have forty-five times as many people maintained an attitude of unfriendly neutrality, as we have, end your pensions would cost only about I and Madge felt like a criminal. But all the time £9,000,000 a year at the rate of 7s. a week, and look she was thinking why Sir Dan was Richard' what you would save on your poor-rate. But even if s you saved nothing, even if it cost more than I say, still enemy. Who was "something or other stupid? " certain old-age pensions would be good, and it is the and how could she get them to give Richard some- money would be well spent in buying the neeessailes thing very, very. good ? of life - b.eed, meat, and clothing." 3lr. Gretton was not at the Clare de Lyons, and EARLY CLOSING AND THE EIGHT-HOUR DAY. perhaps on the whole his wife was pleased to have "You have the eight-hour day and the early closing 3 fresh grievance, of shops. Are you satisfied with these ? Is there any "Did you tell him the train ? "asked Madge. intention of going back on them ?" "Do not cross-examine me, Margaret. I expressed " No. When I was a lad I served my time at St. a wish, a very natural wish, to be met, and I am Helens; then I worked at Wigan nine hours a day. No; I she cried, k never worked in Bolton, but I knew Bolton in those ! not met. Man, obtain some vehicles." days, and have been in Deansgate and Bradshawgate "It was not always thus," cried Mrs. Gretton I and Madge translated for her. , many a time. I know what working without breakfast ' at Si X o'clock " a winter morning in Lancashire means, obviously referring to a time when Madge was cer- and I maintain that starting after beakfast and working tainlv not her daughter. for eighthtfurs a man does as much work as if he started "Isoor dad!" said Madge, who wondered what her before beakfast and worked for nine hours. No we father had ever . seen in her mother to induce him shall never go back to nine hours a day in New Zealand. to marry her. "Four nights a eveek our shops must be closed at Mr. Gretton was at the Hotel Bristol, but could six o'clock. One afternoon a week they must not be found. His wife entered their room-with close at two o'clock, and they can keep open the air of an angry and irritable martyr, and 1 till ten on Friday and Saturday. We believe it Madgeethad a vision of her being burnt in the is for the good of the shopkeepers and their assistants i that they should be compelled to work Shorter hours Limes of the early Christians, and of her saying: than they do at home. ' "I cm not gratified by the appearance of the other I t Woeies VOTERS. martyrs. You don't answer me, executioner ? " I "You have given women a vote at Parliamentary ' But Madge had no intention of letting her i elections, Mr, Seddon. Are you satisfiel with the mother have the first interview with "dad," so she ' experiment ?" set the door ajar and watched the lift. Presently We gave women the vote in 1983, and we have had them voting now in live general elections, and I ought she heard the a.seensear, and Mr. Gretton, looking a i to be well satisfied for they have supported me as head trifle worried, for a man of abnormal placidly, I of the Liberal and Labour Government more and more wen° out on the landing. 1 every time, and at the last election we had the world's "Oh, dad, here first," squeaked Madge, and dragging him into her room by the lapels of hi .:-. cord eerty majority, my Government having four s. times as many supporters elected as all other parties frock-coat, she kissed him on both cheeks and on combined. I am satisfied with the extension of the the forehead. frencbie3 to women, and you will not find to-day in all "Dear dad, mother's very trying," she cried, New Zeeland a politician of any party who would dare ! 'and she says it was not always `'thus.' And, to say he wished to repeal it." dad, she's in a great hurry to tell you all about me. ADVANCES TO SETTLERS AND STATE INSURANCE. For 1 disobeyed her and went out by myself." . "What else do you consider among your great achieve-. "Eh, you did ? " said her ' father, half with ments, Mr. Seddon ?" admiration, half with doubt. I "Of courze we pay our members of Parliament, like 1 every other country except England. We have made "Yes," she nodded, "but I really did very wrong I thousands of miles of Government railways, roads, and Latippose, for I went up a mountain, by a train." I eracksethrowa bridges without number over the rivers, "That's not so very wicked, my near." I and made the country accessible as it never was before. "But, dad, Peeked questions of a nice English- i But I suppose you mean what have we done for our man in the train and he answered, of course, and ; temple that has not been done for the people at home. was polite. And he showed me things when we i I.thirk the Advances to Settlers Act has been one of were up on tire be top, and we were quite friendly. 1 the esgreitestblessings to our folks here. Like many other Se I told mother, and she was furious, and said t !people they often rim short of ready money, and we can lend them what they want and when they cave her indigestion, and she 'aniseed ' me for I want it most. It has been sound business for us as well hours, and said it was your fault." ias for them. We have rescued them from the clutch of Al r. Gretton shook his head. „, , the money-lenders; we have reduced the rate of interest "There, there, my dear," he said, gentlY• i ' all round ;we have lent five million pounds ;we have suppose it. was indiscreet, and your mother's nails I not lost a five-pound note, but have made £200,0C ) on etiquette, you know. And it was very wrong. ' profit. So kiss me." 1 "We are doing more life assurance business than any Madge kissed him on the whiskers, and thought private cempauy in the colony, and as for fire insurance, how much better a lon.. black moustache was, and , the mere threat of our starting it, and before we got to I let him go. She callea him back hurriedly, ; work at all,made the private insurance companies reduce per cent at their rates on cottage property by 8!, 1 "Oh, I forgot.! I had a little omelette and some 3 I one fell swoop." JUSTICE TO WIRRIED WOMFN. 1 clear soup with him on the mountain, dear. So I e I've told you all, and you've forgiven me, haven't "When your Parliament re-opens, Mr. Seddon, and you you get to work With your big majority of four to one 1 ? I And before he could say whether these further ' whet are you going to do ? Have you reached the 'dreadful revelations altered his opinion, she blew a limit ? " I kiss to hint and shut her door. 1 "No. There's more to be done than I can mention , ! "Well, we may as well get it over," said Gretton, ' now, but I will tell you one thing I shall do in the with some trepidation. "0 Lord!" , nest session. lam going to introduce a measure of . And in he went and was kissed coldly. -. I Justice to married women. lam going to have the I name of every married woman put along with her m "Is it unnatural of me, George, to. iagine that - e husband's into every title-dee -1 to a home in New I might have been met at the station ? she 7 ht 1 An nd, so that the married man shall no longer be inquired. ebb e to sell or mortgage his home without his wife's "You didn't say the train, Amelia," was her ensent husband's answer. "And you could not expect mire 1 .` lnis has been too long delayed, and I shall remedy . to kick about that ghastly barn all day, now, could it now. Marriage Is a pertnersbire and should carry the you ? " • ! responsibility of a partnership. The wife helps by her "But the fact remains that I was not 'met," cried I work to build rip the home. and the consent of both Mrs. Gretton. "I cannot forget that. And I overht to be asked before the home is put in peril. Will should fail in the duty I owe to myself if I omitted any man tell me the wife is not fit to be consulted ? She to mention it; but, having mentioned it, Georee, knows very often what is better for herself and the e children y than an man does and man a man would be lam content—quite content. But your daughter . better off to-day if he had a y asked end taken the advice Margaret has behaved lamentably, with notable of his wife. indiscretion; and I should he wantino• in my duty I "There will be nothing in our bill to prevent husband if I omitted to inform you at once. 'he disobeyed and wife selling ormortgaging their house or land if me, and went up a mountain !" , both agree, but we are going to stop the scandal of Mr. Gretton knitted his brows and nodded married men putting their homes in danger when their nervously. i -wives know nothing about it, or are powerless to pre- " Up- a mountain, eh ? That was wrong; yes, vent it if they do know about it."—" Manchester i that was wrong," he said. guardian." Mrs. Gretton raised her thin, tight eyebrows. .1 ' "Did I omit to mention that she disobeyed me? " "No, nQi you said so," cried Gretton. "That was very wrong, yf course. . Do you want me to speak to her ? '' . Mrs. Gretton lifted her finger. , • • "One moinent George, I beg. She spOke to 'a man on the mountain, cnd gloried in it, and said he was nice. She dared to say it."

, The remarkable spectacle of a woman ploughing bis teen observed in the Wigton discrict. Handling her plough and driving her team of Clydesdales in a workrnr • like merrier, she TVPS cutting a clean. st,•eight furrow. Even in the days when women were generally em- ployed in the fields they rarely, if ever, did the plough- ing. Recently, while making repairs to the sewers in Chester, workmen came across an old tree trunk, hol- lowed out apparently by fire, and this was serving as a pipe to carry off the the sewage. In another part of the town, the sewers dwindled down to a groove in the rock.

- --- George Gretton shrugged hi s shoulders. "I don't suppose she meant any • harm by it. Good,Lord ! Amelia, she's no more than a child!" he cried. "Maki) no mistake, George," said his wife, as gloomily as if growing up were in the highest degree indecent. "Mae no mistake ; she is a child no more !" .

..... "Then, of course, it can't be helped," remarked Gretton, with miserable vagueness. "May I inquire what, in your opinion, cannot b• helped ?" she demanded, majestically. "Oh, hang it Her .growing up, of course," said Gretton. Amelia snorted. "At the present juncture I will say nothing about your language, George, except that occasionally I fear you forget that I am your wife. 1. have a serious duty to perform, and will not be led into side issues. She had lunch, George !" "Yes ?" said George. "With the man on the mountain, which she had gone-up—" "In the train ?" asked Gretton, with a glint in his eye. "Exactly so." cried -Amelia: "and she laneted

===== 0002601_19060512_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
A Cup of

Plasmon Cocoa

at Breakfast

will keep you well fed and contented till Lunch time.

Of all Grocers, 91, 1/4 and 2/6 per Tin.

•

Cleanser of Pots, protected by Patent-Of:act No. 218,779. TEMAGIC SCOURER cleans, as if by magil. !very kind of Kitchen Utensil. It is far 5°- , perior to brush, powder, or sand, and equally useful for cleaning plain Woodwork, and stained and dirt/. . hands; also most useful for Hotels and Restaurants. , No home complete without one. Of all Ironmongers, Drapers, &c. or sample pc'st free, 4d, direct from importer, It. A, Wostacs, 4 Russia Court, Milk St., London, E,C, Special Terms to Trade.

C

===== 0002601_19060512_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
.

TU OG BREA D

the new brown bread, contains all t body-building salts and nourishment of the wheat.

Unlike ordinary brown bread, a " Turog " oaf is light in crumb and beautifully crusty. The flour is partially cooked in preparation, hence " Turog " Bread is very digestible. Write'to-day for Free Sample Loaf, mentioning your baker's name and address to

SPILLERS & BAKERS, LTD., (Dept. P 12) CARDIFF.

Awarded many Prizes, in- cluding one of P3O for heavy weight.

For full particulars of this and other Seeds, see our large ,Illustrated Catalogue, post free on application.

Seed Experts and Growers, WARRINGTON.

31313=503=ENEF SOLD .13VERYWHERE at Is. lid., 2.5. 9d., 4&6d., and 71 . Oteb • do__ LUNG TONIC THE I WoRLD,SHILI COUGHS. (701,nr "4C111718 ASTECNIA &I

===== 0002601_19060512_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
STUME Ladies, buy your Tweeds direct at nearly half usual prices. Splendid ranges of Home- spun and Harris Tweeds. Patterns on application. TRIANGLE WOOLLEN CO., Elland, Yorks.

Latest Novelty—Woven Metal

_

===== 0002601_19060512_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
" AFRAID TO EAT."

'Bile Beans Banish a Farmer's Terrible

Stomach Troubles.

Glassel is a picturesque spot on the Deeside, a few Miles from Balmoral Castle, the Scottish home of our Ring and Queen. At Greeburn, Glassel, lives Mr. Archibald Copland, a farmer, who has recently been cured of severe stomach disorders by Bile Beans. Relating his story to an Aberdeen reporter,Mr. Copland Eaid :--` For years I was a terrible sufferer from indigestion and biliousness. I endured such frightful Pain after taking food that Lbecame absolutely afraid to eat. I felt dull and sick, my stomach was sore, and the sharp, stinging pains in the stomach spread to my Shoulder blades, racking me as though I was being torn t° Pieces. lhat awful feeling-continued until I was quite unfit to work. I couldn't sleep, and became so Worn out that death seemed to stare me in the face. "The doctors told me that the lining was worn off 157 stomach, and I would have to live on boiled milk and very light soups. But all the special treatments 112 WI all the ctoctor's mixtures only eased the pains for a isle. At last I tried Bile Beans, and after taking the third dose felt an almost indescribable relief. Before had finished two boxes I could eat anything that the Other members of the family took. lam now as well in health as ever I have been." Bile Beans are an unfailing remedy for all liver, " Stomach, and bowel disorders. All chemists stock them at Is. Ed. and 2s. 98. per box: or they may be obtained at the same prices from the Bile Bean Manufacturing Co., Red Cross Street, London.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

E STORE DEALER'S OFFENCE. _At the N.\-I.l.aAritriDln a Eton Police Court on Monday, Peter To7lo r,marme store dealer, Water-street, was summoned also afs'n ePelter in a less quantity than 561bs and ........ h ng to enter tbe same in his account book. a it „,,.1 Ppears that on the 23rd April two men. Georgs tills and William Lee, labourers at the Whitecross Works, stole Nibs of spelter from the works and gold it to the defendant for 2s. On the 25th the two men were going along Sankey-street when they saw Detec- tive Clough and dodged down Golborne-street. Clough caught them and found more spelter 1 in their possession. They made a statement as a result of which Clough saw the defendant who admitted ' having purchased spelter from the men and also admitted that he had not, as required entered the names of the men in the book.—ln answer to Mr. Browne, Who speared for the defendant, Clough stated that Taylor gave him every assistance.—Mr. Browne stated that the defendant was not aware that spelter came under the Act. He knew the names of the men should have been entered but owing to domestic worries he .°Tgot to do this.--Defendant for the first offence was 'aed 20s. and costs, and for the second 10s. and costs. HER "JUBILEE." , tiftt Warrington Police Court, on Tuesday, Mary 1 rick was fined 10s. and costs, or fourteen days Ori„rni)n,inent, for being drunk and disorderly on the I/ nTiziane recreation greund. SupCtiptendent hari3i„-gaan remarked that it was Mary's " jubilee," she -I-6 been before the bench fifty times. I A VIOLENT PAUPER. 1 Latt the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday, William Ir. 'renson, an inmate of the Workhouse, was charged ‘l,:ih assaulting Fred Clare, the labour minter of the ci°rkhouse and John Constable. the Workhouse porter. !tre stated that at 7.15 on Monday morring he put tonerrl3 to break some brick-bats, but he refused to Cell tin the task Witness had orders to put him in the kr; and as soon as he got hold of him, prisoner tineotl him about the legs and bit his thumb. Witness ikaseci With him and there was a rare struggle on the 1)4-'4'. Constable said he went to Clare's resistance, 1.4 Prisoner gave him asevere kick on the leg. Prisoner h'LuF:ed to work, lie was only brought before the z--`t:!gistrates last month for a similar assault.—Prisoner , t 4tecl that he was subject to fits, and when in them be 12,0,..e1d not help what he did. Constable replied that 4140ner had been in the Union off and on since 1902, he had never known him to have a fit.—Prisoner ' Committed for two months with hard labour. THEFT K OF A COPPER TAN. the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday, Richard I tr„, ell. 164, Battersbv-lane, pleaded guilty to stealing %Nla, CockhedgorMills, some time during the last six b;33, a copper tank belonging to the British Standard Works Company. Superintendent Monaghan 14'ained that prisoner had been in the employ of the III:Works Company for the past ten years as a dyer. illt;tank in question was put out of the dyeing house tk„..the yard, as it leaked. Six weeks ago it was seen tajt7ut the prosecutor (Mr. Duncan) subsequently Ilell7 it. Heasked prisoner where it wa.s,and O'Neil said ata °Nil look for iat transpired that nrisoner had sent iojtk named John Bush, who was working at the Earns, 1 itin,4 the tank on a handcart to sell it. Bush took it to a ,Iccial. dealer named Joseph Matthews,in Lythgoes-lane, int4ll4le!aim O'Neil had sent it. The same even- Ilatthe 1 and Matthews met in a public-house, and Prisonewrsw g'we prisoner about £2 for the tank. the tank. a %ART rested, but he denied all knowledge of Duncan, howeveer, seeing Bush, Matthews and Mr. I Bush with it atridha said " Yes, I did take it. I sent I sovereigns for it." si°l?. it- I got about three half- Painful to him. The tra4n" said this affair was very_ two years ago as it was on, tit-s for thrown out into the yard nggested that it should be sold, further ree. Some d it.eop tie gave Bush Bs. MattlYews oniand he ~,nction the copper.—The Chairman (Mr. XIL him 30s. for Roberta) said the ..Iz_agistrates were of the opinion that the circumstances 43 to the purchase were suspiciois as to all ilozicerned. They bad no option but to send 12,!_isoner to gaol—because of the amount involved—for "l!e month. All the witnesses expenses would be 41sallowed.

• GROWTH OF CYCLING AND THE CYCLE TRADE. It • 13.3 Is always pleasant to have to chronicle the growing Fularity of a health-giving pastime, and doubly so that increase of popularity means a great growth • a trade afTording employment to an enormous number NaiYorkpeople. Such a pastime is cycling, which is Fr lag headway both as a pastime i and a business. tiZel some figure/ which have been published. t appears the leading Cycle Nlanufacturers of Coventry and biet;',flgharn inCtreased their manufacture and sales of lehlieles up to Easter from fifty to one hundred per cent • 0 the vast increase in the numbers of cyclists on htaads is everywhere apparent. The sale of New Cycles are averaging 2,100 weekly. We have iEls.("ed a copy of a book entitled "Cycling Pleasures" pte'aed by the New Hudson Cycle Company, which shows '11.1.13' some of the reasons for this growing popularity. crt? book is the catalogue of the New Hudson ec, S. and it shows that bicycles are of much better ity than a few years back, and at the same time d"• about half the price. It also contains a great a:al of useful information about the pastime of cycling ,;',(l is illustrated with a great number of very charming Vetures of rural cycling scenes, portraits of well-known laple with their New Hudson bicycles, and accounts ;t record rides like that of dr. G. A. 011oy who rode Qlta Lands End to John o' Groats in 3 days, 20 hours, minutes, without a single niishap, not even a "Icture.

tatratcrAL FAlLtmcs.—According to " Kemp's tntile Gazette," the total number of Commercial res recorded in England 'and Wales during the ending Friday, May 4th, was 162, viz. :—New liptcy Proceedings published in the London te. 85; Deeds of Arrangement registered, 77. The ttive numbers in the corresponding week of list Bankruptcies, 85 ; Deeds of Arrangements jp 147 ; being a decrease of 15. The total num- Commercit.l Failures recorded during the ;18 the present year is 2.992 ; the ttal number "ed in the correspondina 18 weeks of last year was ahowing a decrease of 263.

DISEASE GERMS IN A CUT. Stn 41r of a Workman's'Scalp Eczema.— A Great Zam-Buk Cure. germs of disease multiply nowhere more quickly • tk • geY do in an open sore or wound, be it ever so "lib- qr. James Swingswood Wooinch, who is a Pqpr -eri flying at GS, Phillips Park-road, Beswick, Man- -4 Said to a local reporter :-7 Isi„lve years ago I ran my head into the sharp edge of .;?, frame, causing a jagged wound some inches thourtht it would he Al up all right, but to my the ;kin became very inflamed, and my scalp Nis"°.°ll covered with yellow, itching blisters. I sop- 140'0rue poison bad got into the wound ; at any rate ilareLlt bad a bad time of it for six months. The sore ft; e my hair began to fall out, end the irritntion op, obbed me of my sleep. !liotn°r four years I had bad turns every few weeks and 'eve,,lnontha ago the attacks came with increased The blisters and sores spread over the crown preil• ")wn the hack of my head, and in a short time my • ead Was also covered right down to my eyebrows. th d 0 ro?ghly disfigured. I dreaded to show myself ai„,,aY-time, and endured hours of sleepless torture Vtlk '"t• No relief ever came to me until we got Lam- ch seemed to lessen the irritation so much that to rest. I smeared the balm freely all over ",coen"Bl3' Scales and sol'es, and the decease was checked l',citti`„e• As Zam-Buk was regulArly applied the blisters L' adis.anneared, and the scalp grew smooth and soft I had got the new skin of a child. Zam-.Buk drawn out all trace of disease. My scalp is as „ anybody's and my hair has all come back tisqlotoughlyiispelling disease and promoting the rets-„" of new, iound,bealth skin and tissue, Zam-Buk 'erfectly and permanently.

I

===== 0002601_19060512_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

HEIRESS TO A GREAT Aux's EGO.

ITo be born heir to wealth beyond the dreams lof avarice is too common a happening nowadays to provoke comment, but to find oneself on arrival in this plane of existence the presumptive heiress to a great auk's egg, among other things, is an event quite out of the ordinary. Such, however, says Vanity Fair, is the case with the little lady who made her first appearance lately at Drayton House, in Norfolk. But those who know say that an even more priceless inheritance will be the extraordinary affection felt by all classes residing in the King's County for the small heiress's grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. John Walter. THE NEW BOLERO. The perennially popular bolero, still as great a. ' favourite as ever, seems to be modifying and developing in quite a novel fashion during this spring of 1906. The sleeves have developed into cape-like affairs, which hang loosely from the shoulder and barely reach the elbow; while the body of bolero has formed itself into something resembling rather a smart wrap than a tight- fitting coat. An excellent example of this new 1 bolero is illustrated in our sketch. It is fashioned in some smooth, thin, woollen material—fine

light cloth or serge—and is extremely simple in form. The back of the bolero fits closely tio the figure, but the fronts, Ming over the shoulders, hang loosely from the bust. A turn-down collar of velvet z.nd three large, handsome buttons on each side of the front form its only adorn- ments. The sleeves are quite loose and cape- like, being cut in two pieces, which are buttoned together up the front with three large buttons.

Ott •.-Vi e- -4' 0 -76 6 4 lito• ir- ,,; I / /7/ / I

===== 0002601_19060512_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT °IS WORN.

Petticoats of muslin flounced over silk will be ornamented with embroidery or lace and bows, or loops of ribbon set at intervals. Coarse net flounces accordion-pleated with endless rows of ribbon are another fashion in petticoats. The white flounces have ribbons the colour of the silk petticoat itself. A Pompadour silk petticoat will have the design carried out in tiny coloured bebe ribbons to match the various colours. Black and white petticoats will be worn and tar- tan is still favoured.

Elaboration in hairdressing is a noticeable feature just now, says the Woman at Home. Jewelled combs and high Spanish combs beauti- fully carved are worn. Flowers and tinsel tulle form the turban-like head-dresses. Matrons will affect wreaths of grapes or berries of different kinds; clumps of roses, 'flowers, and ribbon are all 'figuring in our new coiffure. Por the Empire dresses we have, the areek bandelettes. which can be made with the ordin- ary tinsel ribbon. Small coronets of gold-leaved maidenhair, French ferns, or rose-leaves can be made by treating the ordinary artificial foliage with a little gold paint. I saw a charming wreath made of maidenhair fern which had thus been painted by a clever woman with luminous green paint It rested on a twist of emerald tulle, and made a most charming and inexpen- sive coronet. Jewelled laoo tiaras have to be carefully wired.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
GIRL'S SCHOOL FROCK.

Our sketch shews a usefUl school frock for a girl. The blouse being quite separate, the frock could be worn throughout the term with a change of thick or cooler blouses. The skirt should be of a light-weight grey tweed. It is cut in the corselet style, and supported with straps of tweed cver the shoulders. These should be crossed at the back to prevent them slipping off

the shoulders. The hem is simply trimmed with two wide, stitched cros.sway straps of the mate- rial. The blo ase accompanying this skirt is of silky grey linen, the fulness 'arranged in large tucks about the yoke, and at the neck there is a rrettily-qhaped collar embroidered in some dainty coloured silk. The sleeves are very full, and finished with cuffs to match the collar. In the sketch the sleeves are depicted reaching to just below the elbow, but if preferred these could easily be extended to the wrist. THE MOST FAVOURED JEWELS. - -

- Emeralds lead the way as the most fashionable of all precious stones this season, and "the more expensive they get the greater seems the demand for them," is the verdict of a well-known jeweller. Every month their value is enhanced, and the wonderful collections owned by Lady Ludlow, Lady Londesborough, and Lady Helen Stavordale must be of untold value. Her Majesty the Queen is a great lover of these bril- liant green stones, and often wears a fire parure of emeralds worth priceless sums, while Queen Maud' of Norway owns a flexible waist-belt made of largo emeralds, over 100 stones being used in the making. Mrs. Willie James has a wonderful trellis-work collar of emeralds, and the Marchioness of Tweeddale possesses a superb col- lection. Princess Duleep Singh has a long neck- Imo of cabochon emeralds set with pearls.

ft: , / 0 ~-'4 ' Y 4)) ri* le • . luvr,o ! ' • -Nb..g %.• i / , .\ • IP'aiti_ V t 1 , 4114,f,A . 1 ifll - • , 0 ... • riii4 41, .14 ill 1 *". 44124:21•3111-41V4i, 1 t0.,_:_._,,,.•_ . '7,'1:2 •9',y _ - 4

===== 0002601_19060512_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

LAMB CUTLETS EN BELLE VUE. - Take .aa many cutlets as there are well-shaped bones from two necks of lamb, and lard them with tongue or ham; lard level with the cutlet. Braise the cutlets with carrots, turnips, onions, celery, and fine herbs, on a layer of bacon, in a pint- of stock for about an hour and a-half, covering close all the time. Let them absorb the stock till nearly cold, then press each cutlet between two plates; trim neatly, then set them in aspic in a large shallow dish so that each cutlet has a thin mask of jelly on both sides. A cutlet cutter dinned into hot wntor 1,.17qt, then be used to stamp each cutlet out of the aspic. Vish in a circle, fill the centre with a macedoine of vege- table soaked in mayonnaise sauce, and garnish ;with aspic jelly.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

FOOTBALL.

THE WARRINGTON CLUB.

Secretary's and Treasurer's Annual Report.

The annual statistical report and statement of accounts has this week been issued to the members of the War- ; rington Football Club. Mr. H. Ashton (secretary), in the course of a lengthy ! report, says: The form of the premier teara has been I generally of a most unsatisfactory character. They by , no means upheld their reputation of previous seasonsri and throughout the entire playing portion the I team has—with one or two exceptions—never risen to that high standard of excellency that has characterised their play 'in the past. The primary cause is due to the unprecedented number of accideats to players ; practically in every match players were more or le Ll damaged, sod almost every member of the playing strength of the Club has suffered from injury. The personnel of the team contained six members who resided out of town. This fact was detrimental in one sense, particularly to the Friday night players' meeting—so successful in former years. Consequently the other memberS took little or no interest in these gatherings, thereby creating a careless spirit, whtch eventually permeated the " A " teSra, and on two occasions not a single playing member attended. The players themselves also felt somewhat glorified after their cup win, and relied • upon their reputation too much, inasmuch that during the summer hardly one of them was inclined to practice sprinting, a common feature in previous years. Every inducement was offered but to no purpose, and se3ing that your com- mittee provide running pump-, the fault was not their's The younger element, having no one to set them an example, did not improve in pace, as was hoped, land to this fact must be attributed the reason why many of them appaared to have lost their speed. Pace is a very essential factor, and players must avail themselves of every opportunity to cultivate it if they desire to be- come first-class.

Mr. Ashton also condemns the present League system and advocates areturn to the "two points for a win and one for a draw" style of competition. He adds that 17 fresh players have been signed on during the season and comments favourably on Lees, Taylor, Lambert and Cartwright. He recommends the adoption of the Works Competition touch-rule, the redoction of the numbers of players to. 13 a-side and the "play-the- ball" rule as all being likely to improve the Northern Union game and make it more popular. Mr. T. Pemberton's report on the financial side reads as follows :—ln submitting the accounts for the past seasonl have to report hat the membership has again increased, the number being 852, an increase of 46 over _the previous season. The League as at present con- stituted, together with our having had to play at night, what should be good drawing matches and unsatis- factory and costly fixtures, hare been the means of con- siderably reducing our first team gates—the gross receipts being less by over £l,OOO. The A team, by their continued success have gained in receipts over £36. Taking the total gate money, less payrneats, the net reduction in gate from last year is £605 14s. 2d. The bar profit amounts to £B7 23.1 d. Grr ter interest has been shown in the Works Competition, notwith- sthnding. the cold end inclement weather, and the balance m hand amounted to £49 12s. Ild. from which grants have been tirade to injured players and attendants amounting to £l3 ; Infirmary, 20 guineas; Nurses Institution,lo guineas ; and the St. John Ambulance society, £5. Thirty-five claims have been made upon the Insurance Society, all of which have teen promptly settled. In payments, fares are incre?sed, this being accounted for by the jcurneys to Millom and Barrow and extra journey to Leeds for teams to see the New Zealand match. The item under the beading of wages, dm., has decreased by £303 15s. Id. Taking into con- sideration the adverse circumstances which the com- mittee have met with during the past season, and the lack of enthusiasm displayed in the League matches, I consider that we have come out of the ordeal very satisfactorily. It will be seen from the statement of assets and liabilities that the club still has a credit balance—cash and other securities—amounting to £1,112 19s. 2d. _

The abstract of payments and receipts shows that rents, rates, and taxes absorb £154 16s. 10d. ; players' wages, tranfers, and bonuses, £1235 ss. 6d.; railway fares £142 13s. Bd. ; refreshments, hotel expenses, etc., £lO3 95. 7d. ; doctors feci, injured players, and insur- ance premium, £302 ss. ' • Cup celebration £63 Os. 10d. ; bar payments, £l6O. On the receipts side are cash in hand and in bank £587; extrance fees and subscriptions £307 19s. Od. ' • bar receipts, £247 2s. 4d. ; gate-money, £1695 16s. 4d.; insurance claims £172 55.; works com- petition £l9 12s. lid. The balance sheet for the August sports shows a balance of £72 16s. 10Id. Committee Attendances—Total number of me3tings, 49; H. Ashton, 48; T. Bowers, 30 ;IT. Pemberton, 44 ; T. Locker, 37; T. Barnes, 39 ; T. Davies, 48 ; W. Nevins, 46 ; W. Hewitt, 45.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
NOMINATIONS FOR ANNUAL MEETING.

The annual meeting of the Club will be held on Thursday next, May 17th, at the Co-operative Hall, Cairo-street, when the reports will be presented and officers for the year elected. The nominations are as follow :—Presidents, D. Tinnion, J. E. Warren ; hon. treasurer, Thomas Pember- ton ; hon. secretary, Henry Ashton ; hon. auditors, T. Wallington, W. Webster. Committee : T. Barneq, senr., T. Bowel.), T. Davies, W. Hewitt, T. Locker, W. Nevins, F. Barber, J. H. Booth, Wm. Chalmers, J. Dutton, F. Gilbert W. Habberley, W. Hill, C. H. Hoult A. Jones, J. W.•Plinston.

The Committee recommend tbat their number be increased from six to eight.

Stockton Heath Rugby Union Club. The annual meeting of the members of the Stockton Heath Rugby Union Football Club was held at the Stag Hotel, Walton, on Wednesday and was well attended. Formed twelve mon,ls ago the efforts of the club during the first season can fairly be regarded as satis- fr ;tory. Out of twenty matches played eight have been won, eleven lost, and one draa a and a total of 210 points has been scored against 181. This record would doubtless have been much improved had all clubs with whom fixtures had been a,ranged fulfilled their engage- ments. As it was four clubs failed to put in ah appear- ance on the Ellesmere-road ground whilst a similar number were unable to raise teams at home to meet the Heathens. With regard to cancelled matches the club has been very unfortimAte and there has been a strong feeling that the Rugby Union should inflict exemplary penalties upon all clubs which fail to complete their fixty res. The result of the matches is as follows :

Points. Club. Ground, for agst Sept. 30. Kersal -A" Oct. 14. Bowdon Rangers "A " away 9 3 21. Liverpool "Old Boys" "A" away 3 14 28. Cheadle Hnlme home 8 0 Nov. 4. Sale "A " 11. Sale •' A" 18. North Manchester 25. Chester College away 5 8 Dec. 23. Eccles 26. Eccles "A " 30. Heaton Moor "A " Jam 6. Bowdon Rangers "A " home 42 0 13. Brighton House College home 12. 13 20. North Manchester away 3 4 27. Bolton" A" Feb. 17. Cheadle Hulme "A " 24. Manchester Y.KC.A away 21 3 Mar. 10. New Brighton "A " away 6 11 31. New Brighton "A" home 14 6 Ap. 7. Brighton House College Individually B. Bradshaw heads the list of scorers with nine tries, being cue in advance of J. Daintith. G. Langley follows with siy, whilst H. Davenport and A. S- Ferguson have five each to their credit. Other scorers were W. Bocchier and A. Corney, four each ; A. Cook, P. Hazlehurst, K. Gibbs and G. W. Owen, thin-3 each • W. Barker, S. Hazlehmst, and F. Hewitt, and A. Bradshaw and C. Gerrard, 1. The goal kicking has been the week point of the team, twelve 0013 of the trie•• being converted, five of the goals being converted to the credit of K. Gibbs.

Early on Saturday morning a fire broke out or the premises of Mr. Nicholls's, Cropper's-brow.—T.C. Holland was on duty in Buttertnarket-street, when he heard a fall of glass. On proceding to Cropper's- brow he found smoke issuing from the side window of Mr. Nicholl's lock-up shop. P.C. Hewitt at once aroused the resideats next door—Mr. and M . Evans, whose rooms extend over the shop—while P.C. Dyson went fpr the Fire Brigade. A number of men turned out under the direction of Supsrintendent and Deputy- Superintendent Tut ner,and brought with them the reel, ladders, and steam engine, but the latt • was not required, and the fire was soon extinguished. A. sliert accident occurred to Fireman A. Blackshaw, who, in effecting an entrance to the shop through the window, fell and sustained a nasty cut at the side of his head. He was taken to the Infirmary, where his injuries were attended to by the resident dcctor. The cause of the fire is not known. The damage amounted to about £2O, and is not covered by insurance. The constables are to be complimented upon their smart work, Superintendent Turner being of the opinion that their prompt action 'prevented a calamity. P.C. Holland is to be recommended for a reward.—A fire broke out about one o'clock on Sunday mottling at the shop of Mr. T. E. Leigh, the Ilfaubesl er Ware- house, Buttermarket-street. Mrs. L.:igh detected a smell of something burning, and immediately aroused her husband, who found the rear portion of his shop': An inmate of the Poplar Workhouse named Stokes on fire. He dashed upstaii s for his child, and arouse a was smoking in the yard, when his pipe fell from his " the assistant. P.C. Cox had also noticed smoke lips' and he exclaimed." That's my last smoke. He died immediately, hemorrhage. and the cause of death was stated to issuing from the rear of the shop, and be forced an be cerebral hemorr entrance at the back. While the Fire Brigade was • At Sedgley, Staffordshire, on Monday, Edwin being apprised, water was thrown on the burning Sheward, a well-known butcher and farmer, was fined drapery, but when Superintendent Turner and his men RN 10s. for having in his slaughter-house on his arrived the place was well alight. Hydrants sere Upper Gornal farm, near Dudley, two sides of beef got to work, and in about an hour the fire was got prepared for human consumption, which were the car- under control. A well-stocked room was completely case of a cow which had suffered from long-strafing burnt out, while the adjoining rooms also suffered tuberculosis. from smoke and heat. The damage which is con- At Delamere Church, on Monday, was dedicated a siderable, is partly covered by insurance. The origin stained glass window in memoty of the late Mrs. of the fire is unknown. , Tomkinsor, M.P. for Crewe.

The "A " team, which was not formed rntil the late- • stages of the season, have played 6, matches and won 5 i geOr* 70 points against 21. P. Hazlehurst and S. Hazlehurst were the chief scorers with 4 tries and 3 '• tries respectively. I Financially the club is in a flourishing condition, •Ithere being a balance in hand of £5 10s. Cd. ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

Mr. A. H. Fawcett was unanimously re-elected secretary and was presented by the members, with a handsome silver cigarette case in recognition of his work in the formation of the Club. Other electors were: Captain Ist team, H. Davenport, sub-captain W. Smith ; captain 2nd team, S. Hazlehurst, sub-captain, W. Hudson ; treasurer, P. Hezlehurst. The President and vice-presidents were re-elected and it was decided to approach several other local gentlemen with a view to adding their names to the list of vice-presidents.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Personal.

_ We are pleased to learn that Captain T. P. Ming, son of Mr. Alfred Tilling, of " Walton Crescent," is on his way home from India, to enjoy a vacaticn, after an absence of seven years. Licensing Changes. • At the Borough Police Court, on Monday, Mrs. Watkins, *as granted the transfer of the licence of the White Hart Hotel, Sankey-street, to her from her late husband. The off-licence at Bff, Bewsey-road, was transferred from James Ashton to Jyhrt Janata Booth, an iron-worker. J, R. WOOD, Piano- Dealer and Tuner, 47, Old London-road., Stockton Heath.—Advt. P S A. Society Meetings. The weekly meeting of the Wei rington Society was held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Sunday and was well attended. Mr. David Owen presided, Mr. C. M. Clarke spoke, upon "Christ the centre of all knowledge." Mr. Stanley Garnet acted as accom- panist. Mr. R. Nelson and Mr. T. Taker took part in what proved to be a very helpful meeting. An open meeting of the Buckley-street Society attracted a large congregation. Mr. W. Shaw occupied the chair and based his remarks on "The foundation of P.S.A. Societies." The speaker, Mr. Harding, of Farnvrorth, gave an address on" Christian happiness." The Lcgh- street Quartette Party contributtad The Lord is ray Shepherd" and " God so loved the world." Miss 111. Plinston accompanied at the organ. Mr. W. Gleave read the lesson, PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEsT BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Presentation to Mr. P. Knight. The committee of the Warrington Anglers' Associa- tion dined together at the Norton Arils Hotel the other evening. After dinner the opportunity was taken of presenting to Mr. P. Knight, general secrete! y, a handsome" Swan" fountain pen, which had been subscribed for by the members of the committee, and vice-presidents. In making the presentation Mr. W. A. Proud referred in high terms to the sterling good qualities and the energetic manner with which the Secretary had discharged his duties. In response, Mr. Knight, who spoke very feelingly, said that he had only tried to do his duty, and he was pleased to know that at all events the committee appreciated his work. Letters of apology for non-attendance were read from Messrs. L. Greening, F. T. Bennie, and F. J. Garnett. Water Polo Competition. The sub-committee of the Northern Counties A.S.A. met in Manchester on Monday night to fie up the draws for the water polo championship, " Athletic News " Cup and the squadron championship." For the polo championshtp the clubs came out of the hat as follows : First Round.—Blackburn v. Lancaster, ()pasha w v. Hyde, Everton v. Wigan. Burnley, Swan, St. Helens, Warrington, and Burslem have byes. The first round is to be completed by June D. Second Round.—BurF,lem v. Warrington, Openshaw or Hyde v. Burnley, Swan v. Everton or Wigan, Blackburn or Lancaster v. St. Heleas. To be com- pleted by July 31. Squadron Championship: First Round.—Burnley v. Blackburn, Stockport v. Hyde, Wigan v. Tyldesley, Liverpool a bye. To be com- pleted by July 31. Semi-finals.—Liverpool v. Wigan or Tyldesley, at Blackburn, September 3, 1903 ; Burnley or Blackburn v. Stockport or Hyde, at L:ver- pool, Se•Ptember 4.

UNDER THE CLOCK for Good BOOTS.—Advt. Exciting Incident at Latchford. An exciting incident, unfortunately attended with serious consequences occurred at Latchford on Saturday evening. The mail van was on its way from Lymm to Warrin&.on and when at Thelwall the horse became unmanageable and galloped off at top speed. Near the Cheshire Cheese Inn the vehicle collided avith an electric standard and was completely over-turned. The driver, a man named Christopher Murphy, of Lynam, was pinned beneath the van and when extricated it was found that he had a severe wound near the right temple and was bleed- ing freely. He was carried into the Cheshire Cheese Inn, and after receiving attention from Dr. Lead- better was removed in the police horse ambulance to the Infirmary, where he was detained. A little girl named Ellen Worthington, daughter of Henry Worthington, who was passing at the time of the accident, was knocked down and received a cut on the head. She was also attended by Dr. Leadbetter and was afterwards removed home in a serious con- dition suffering from concussion of the brain. PUBLIC BENEFIT.—IINDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Local Motorist's Success. Mr. A. V. Baxter, of Warrington, won the Man- chester Motor Club's third annual climb for motor- cycles up the celebrated Snake Hill, at Glossop, on Saturday. The course was about a mile and a half, starting from the "shooting box corner," and corn- ptitors were allowed 75 yards before reaching the actual starting point, where Mr. H. Fisher officiated. Only 12 of the 25 starters reached the finishing point. The police rendered every assistance, Superintendent Savoury being present, and to whom a vote of thanks was given at the tea. Formula on which results were worked out was :—Time, multiplied by cubical capacity of engine, and divided by total weight of machine and rider, the latter being carefully checked. Results: Ist, Z. V. Baxter, sh.p. uarin-cylinder Vindec bicycle ; 2nd, H. Hurst, tri-car, with single. cylinder White and Ponpe engine ; 3d, A. H. Albert 31. h.p. Bnanrant bicycle ; 4th, W. Newbury, 2 h.p. Minerva bicycle. Baxter took four prizes —Humber vase, club gold medal, ani two special ptizes of 3 guineas and 2 guineas, one of these for fastest net time. The second man took three prizes. Over 100 members and friends were present. Death of Mr. John Sampson.

We record with regret the 'death which took place early on Tuesday morning of Mr. John Sampson, who for many years was landlord of the Norton Arms Hotel, Wilderspool-road. Mr. Sampson had been in fa fling health for some months, but it was only recently that be was confined to his bed. Mr. Simpson, who was rearly 64 yea* of age, came to Warrington from Runcorn at an earli, age. He acted as the outside representative of the old Penketh Brewery Company for some years, and became well known in various parts of Lancashire and Cheshire. Subsequently he acquired the business of the late Mr. George Woolf, wine and spirit merchant, Sankey-street, which he afterwards carried on in Bank-street until about 16 years ago, when he became the landlord of the Norton Arms Rotel. Mr. Sampson had been a member of the Licensed Victuallers' Association for many 'years, and was also a member of the Masonic Society, being con- nected with the Lodge of Lights, 148. For three years, commencing in 1900, he represented the Latchford Ward on the Town Council, retiring at the end of his term. In politics he was a strong Con- servative. Shop. Fires. _

===== 0002601_19060512_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 12, 1906. THE EDUCATION QUESTION.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
A PLEA FOR MODERATION.

The Rev. John Yonge and the Religious Controversy.

Preaching at Wycliffe Church on Sunday evening, the ;Rev. John Yonge took for his text the words: "Let I your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand." (Philippians iv., 5.) He pointed out that the text had been given him by the leading article in the British Weekly " upon the theme of "Christian moderation "—surely a most opportune theme at this highly critical and exciting period in our national life. He had no doubt that in very many Christian churches and pulpits that day, both in prayer and preaching, references would be made to the great debate which would begin in the House of Cmmons on Monday upon the Education Bill. It was no exaggeration to say that the theme of national elementary education now held the principal place in popular attention. And the supremest of all questions which waited national settlement in this matter, was whether any and if so what religious teaching should be given in the elementary schools. Around this subject were gathering the greatest controversy, the fiercest strife, the inteusest feeling. He did not desire on that occasion to discuss the great question itself. The time would probably come when they would have need to let it occupy though and attention evert there. But that night be wanted to follow along the line of Dr. Robert- son Nicoll's article upon " Christian moderation," because he believed that to be the supremest virtue. even as it was the most unrnistak&ble need of the present time. They all knew that the question of religious teaching in the elementaryschools was making multitudes of even- good Christian people terribly excited. They were rushing into print upon it in all the organs of the public press. They were shouting themselves hoarse in public meetings. They were per- mitting.themselves to make use of extravagant, violent , and hostile speech one against another. All the signs were pointing to a

tion of the prAnce of Christ—in submission to whose spirit of authority—and of love, the peace of the Church, and the prosperity of the nation and the world were alone to be found. It needed indeed to become the daily prayer of every Christian patriot in this crisis in the nation's history, that Chris- tian moderation might prevail over all the Churches, and all the parties, and all the people. The highest interests of the nation's present and future generations were bound up in the issue of this controversy. That issue could only be secure and successful if it be the outcome of the peaceful spirit of Jesus Christ.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
AFRAID OF THE PEOPLE.

ANGLICAN CHURCH'S PITIABLE SUSPICION, The Rev. J. H. Jowett. presiding on Monday evening lat the assembly of the Congregational Union, said it had become clear that the so-called " National Church " did not represent the nation, and she was now busy, detaching herself from the expressed will aud judgment of the people. It had also become clear that that Church was afraid of the people. The suspicion of the Anglican Church of popularly-elected bodies was pitiable. He expressed his amazement at the violence, nwisdom, and short-sightedness of the Anglican attack upon simple Bible teaching, and when a Vicar could be found saying that there was not enough Gospel in undenorni- nationalism to save the soul of a tom-tit, he felt that reunion was neither possible nor desirable.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
CATHOLIC APPEAL TO MR. A. H. CROSFIELD, M.P.

On Sunday evening a largely-attended meeting of Catholics attending the Church of the Sacred Heart was held, under the presidency of Mr. John Gibbins, when it was resolved to send the following letter to Mr. A. H. Crosfleld, n.p.:—" 15, Windsor-strest, War- rington, May 6th,1906. To A. H. Crosfield, Esq., M.P. Dear sir,—We, the members of the Church of the Sacred Heart parish,Liverpool-road, Warrington,hereby call upon you to redeem your promise re the Educa- tion Act, to vote against the second reading of this Bill, as it is most unfavourable to Catholics. The Catholic voters of Warrington had no ides of such a revolutionary Bill being brought forward at the last general election. We also wish to remind you of your letter to our Secretary, dated February 28th. re a peaceable and satisfactory settlement of the education question was impossible unless Catholics had the opportunity given them to teach their own religion in their owa way in school hours, and as the phrase goes, to preserve the Catholic atmosphere in their schools. Our reasons for the rejec - tion of the Bill are (1) a hill of such sweeping magni- tude was not at the last General Election dreamed of by the ordinary electors, and is too complex for their understanding now, so that a mandate for so revolu- tionary a measure cannot reasonably be claimed by the Government ; (2) The Bill steps betwean us and our children, and, as we- conscientiously believe, between our children and Him who said 'Suffer little children to come unto He; ' (3) The Bill is as endowment of Nonconformity exclusively, whether the whole system of conformity, or part only, matters not. (1) The Bill gives to parents, who conscientiously believe that indefinite religion is vain, no guarantee that their chil- dren shall receive definite religious teaching, and we believe that the four-fifths proportion will vanish wher as a business adjustment, the local education authority proceeds, as we believe it will Ao, to allot children school places as near as possible to their homes. (5) The Bill ousts the established tribunals of the country in favour of an irresponsible commission, and of the Board of Education. (6) The Bill is confiscatory and op- pressive and an invasion of our civi I and religious liberties as re-established by the Catholic Emancipation Act.— I am, sir, on behalf of the signed parishioners, yours faithfully, P. J. GEORGE, hon. secretary."

GREAT AND GRIEVOUS FIGHT about the religious teaching in the day schools. There was, therefore, no greater or more urgent need just now than that a spirit of Christian moderation, forbearance, and charity, should be prayed for, sought after, stiiven for, so that the final issue of the controversy might be one of peace rind goodwill. No other issue could possibly be permanent or prosoerous. National educa- tion could never be established on any lasting founda- tion which was not laid in concord and confidence and mutual concession. Was it not fair to assume that this was the conviction or the Government who had made in their education proposals numerous concessions on the question of religious teaching which were intended to make for mutual peace. The hope of settlement, therefore, lay in a universal spirit of concession. Con- cession was the off-spring of moderation—that great Christian virtue for which St. Paul pleaded in the text. There had just comae to light a very stzikine, and very hopeful sigh of the times to which he felt it his duty to call their earnest attention. He confessed that when his eye first fell upon it on Saturday week it theevening paper, it struck him with a feeling of astonishment and even bewildermentit seemed to be such a marvellously incongruous thing to appear now. He had been reading day after day speeches, letters and articles in the Press, from speakers and writers of views diame- trically and even hotly opposed on the education con- troversy. Especially had he been struck and pained,not only by the extravagant uncharitableness but also by the exorabitant and overhearing demands of prelates and priests ; the vengeful threats of ecclesiasticsahe bitter- ness against the Bible, and all the rest of it. He had been oppressed grievously with the fear that this great controversy seemed in danger of making wider and deeper rift than ever between Catholic and Protestant, Churchman and Dissenter, the religious and the irre- ligious. Just in that mood, right in the midst of this ecclesiastical, political storm his eye fell upon a new and even astounding proposal' for fellowship between the Christian Churches in earnest prayer for THE RE-UNION OF CHRISTIANS. Proposed New Wesleyan Sunday School. Of course, whenever a proposal of that nature was put "The Warrington Circuit Wesleyan Nlethodist Church before the public, one looked to see by whom it was Record " says that Mr. Percy Silcock, architeet, has made. There had been similar proposals in the past. from various sources, in many cases backed b great prepared provisional plans for a new Sunday school at e Latchford, and that there is a good prospect of the mad influential names. But he did not remember any of them at all comparable to this proposal in the weight scheme being launched at an early date. The sanction and variety of authority and influence which it carried.lt of the quarterly meeting will be asked in June. had been apparently brought about by two very different Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. men of very diverse ecclesiastical and doctrinal opinion— the Bishop of Birmingham. Dr. Gore, and Mr. Jewett, The usual meeting was held on Sunday, when Ar. J. , successor to Dr. Dale at Birmingham, chairman of the Simcock presided and spoke upon " The evil custom of Congregational Union of England and Wales, who paying footings in wcrkshops.' Inis he condemned as signed themselves as secretaries. This combination a great evil and temptation to young men, and Q. praa- was most remarkable, of a hieh sacerdotal Anglican tice which often led young fellows into drinking habits. prelate and a broad Evangelical Congregational pastor. , —Mr. C. Rose, of Droylesden. was thespeaker, sad gave But they also lied obtained signatures of Churchmen an address upon " Waiting." It was, he said, a great and Nonconformists whose representative position gave advantage to cultivate the waiting disposition, though unquestionable value to the proposal they united in at times our waiting would be sorely tried, it in the making. Mr. Yonge quoted the letter which he said end would surely win. Our lives were in the hands of an was a very remarkable one indeed- It reminded them all wise God, who would direct them and influence them I perhaps that the last proposals of similar kind made by according to our dependence and submission to Him.— the heads of the Anglican Church were adddressed to Mr. G. Colley read the lesson, and the speaker led the the head of the Roman Church—the Pope, and the Prayer.—The Secretary welcomed the new members, answer received to that overture was that unity could making a total of 417, or three leas than twelve months 'alone be obtained by entire submission to the one true ago. He also thanked the P.S.A. for the splendid and only Church. It was gratifying, surely, to find that attendance, which was a record, at the Sunday school now the heads of the Anglican commuroty were seeking anniversary.—Mr. W. Pearce presided at the organ. to find a spiritual unity with other Christian communi- ties—even with Nonconformist Churches. They were Rev. H. Dunnlco's New Pastorate. discovering that the The Rev. Herbert Dannico,oi Warrington, in accept- UNITY OF THE SPIRIT jog the call to the pastorate of the Kensington Baptist in the bond of peace was a finer, nobler, truer thing Church, Liverpool, weites :—" Since I received your call than any unity in ecclesiastical form. And as the first I have carefully and prayerfully considered it, and the step towards the unity which now they so Christianly unanimity and enthusiasm with which it has been given desired, they desired to join with "all who love the have convinced me that in this case 'the voice of the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity" to pray fo: the re-union people is the voice of God,' and I can do no other than of Christians. Might they not trust that the Christian respond. The task you have invited me to undertake is communities whose leaders had joined in that no easy one. To carry on the ministrations of the able appeal would cordially enter into that concert and devoted pastor, whose mime has been so long of prayer? If they did, It should make the associated with your church, will call forth approaching Whit Sunday a memorable day in all one's powers, but He who has called will all the churches of the land. If ever the endeavour also sustain, and I will endeavour by help of God to after the spirit of unity were supremely timely, surely servo you with equal faithfulness and devotion, and I it was now, when a new danger to the fellowship of desire nothing bettor from you than such fidelity and Christians and Churches was at our very doors. The devotedness as was manifested to him. I COMO to your I nation was being now called to witness what threatened great city with high hopes,great expectations,unquenched to be a sad and sorry spectacle. The Episcopal Church enthusiasm, and a great passion for riehtemumess. The was in peril of arraying itself against the Free Churches, Gospel I bring is easily stated, easily understood. It , and the Free Churches against the Established church is God's Fatherhood, Christ's Saviourhood, and man's I nf this country on the great question of religious teach- brotherhood. Christianity, as I understand it, is not a log in schools. The Free Churches were being thrown creed, hitt a life. The Cross is not a syllogism, but a into the unwilling attitude of defence. 'Feeling was fact. The duty of a Christian minister, like that of rising high. I his Maslisr, is to bear witness to eternal truth against RELIGIOUS LITIF:ETTES WERE AT STARE. the caprices of the hour. Pray for me, that I may in every town, village, and hamlet ther3 were the loyally perform it."—Mr. Dunnico enters upon his duties echoes of the call to conflict. We were to have a great at Liverpool on the first Sunday in September. Anglican demonstration In Warrington this coming Friday. as the advertisements declared—r" in defence of I Memorial Service. our Faith, our children, and our schools "—the implica.- I There was a large congregation at St. Peter's Church tion being that the education proposals now made to on Sunday evening, when a special service was held in Parliardent were hostile to " Faith and children and memory of the late Mr. Arthur N. Booth,who met with schools "—that was, were hostile to the religion of a fatal accident whilst following his employment at Jesus Cnrist. The people of the Free Churches of Messrs. Crosfleld's works a few days ago. The sermon this country were of absolutely contrary opinion. They was preached by the Rev. B. Percival (vicar), who took reganled the Education Bill as equitable and just in its for his text the words," Man that is born of a woman main principles—and as most supremely friendly to is of few days, and full of trouble." When he (the religious liberty and true Christian life. Opinion being vicar) came to that parish, eleven years ago the thus completely and sharply contradictory, the good , deceased MS a boy in their Sunday school. From the relations of men and of religious communities were Sunday school he went to the men's service, and after- seriously endangered. However emphatic might be the wards his services being required in the Suaday school cell now to fidelity to religious conviction on he returned there as a teacher, where he remained until both sides, still more enanhatic was the call, he left the parish to rye, on his marriage, nearer to his to Christian re oderation, Christian self-control, I work. Although living out of the parish, he often came Christian fairness in argument and in expres- to worship with them. The proof of his influence for sion, Christian readiness to reason together, to good was the great love the boys he taught had for confer rather than dispute, to conciliate rather than him. He was a truly Christian young man, and he had exasperate. It was on this very account that be hailed I ,so lived that he was prepared for death. Hymns this most Christian appeal for the furtherance of ; Christian unity. When they came to reflect upon the ; appropriate to the occasion were song, and at the close , or the service the organist (Mr. F. Webster) played the character of those who would be principally engaged Dead March in " Saul," the congregation standing. In the religious education controversy, surely tney must see the infinite desirableness of CHRISTIAN MODERATION. Who and what were they that would be most consplcu- oats in this great diemission ? It was the individuals and the communities that were most supremely religious. It was the religious question that was going to make the greatest noise. It would be the religious leaders who would be in the forefront of this battle. Then what would the world say, when Christian ministers of whatever church, called by whatever high-sounding , name or title, and when Christian people 'nail com- munities, fell upon one another in wordy warfare and became reckless in method and ii speech? He confessed to a great anxiety lest anyof them, ministers or people. should be carried away by their strong opinion, and be led to inflict wounds upon Christ in what should te the very houses of His friends. It was the vainest and falsest of pretences, surely, when they professed to desire unity, and yet, because their opialons,their views or even their actual intorests were concerned, they could " go" for their supremacy, rezkless of the vieas convictions, and interest of others. It was Christian mo eration that should become the ardent, deep desire of the religious patties to this controversy. As regarded THE EDUCATION QUESTION IN THIS TOWN. it had been said by some writers and speakers n that the religious difficulty had never been seriously , ' felt here' that the represen:atives of the different ' churches had met and co-operated in the friendliest way. That had been happily quite true. All the more reason, surely, that members of these differing ecclesiastic-it bodies should strive now to continue in that spirit. • They had discovered by contact and co-operation, that Anglicans, Roma as, and Free Churchmen were more I essentially Critistian than they were denominationalist. Not only a common humanity, but a common and real Christianity had erabled them to "dwell together in unity " for a common object. Now that great ; principles bad to be contended for, and great I measures adopted or refuse(' the endeavour should be still to adjust the points of difference in the ; spirit of fairness, courtesy and conciliation. Let the ; militant end antagonistic spirit be cast out. Let the spirit of rivalry, mutual suspicion, envy and uncharitableness be cast out. Let there he no longer sulfa between brethren. But let all seek after that only reel enity which came of tho realize-

Margaret Alice Dewhurst, charged with murdering her husband at Preston, was found unfit to plead at Liverpool Assizes on Monday and ordered to be detained as a criminal lunatic.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

BABY SCREAMED

DU AND NIGHT

From Pain of Terrible Itching Eczema —Unless Hands Were Tied Would Scratch Till Face Was Raw—Mother Could Get No Rest.

FACE NOW CLEAR. CURED BY _CUTICURA

" rer over two years my little baby girl suffered with a raw, itching, and painful eczema on, her head and face, the pain causing her to scream day and night, and my wife could get no rest. We tried sev- eral doctors, but without success. Unle,ss we kept her hands tied she would scratch until her face was like raw beef. One cake of Cuticura Soap and two boxes of Cuti- cura Ointment completely cured her, heal- ing her face without mark or blemish. —(signed) W. J. Morgan, Orchard Town, New Lambton, N. S. W., Australia."

===== 0002601_19060512_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
,AWFUL't SUFFERDIG Baby's Face Solid Sore Would Scratch and Tear Away the Flesh— Cured by Cuticura.

"My baby's face was a mass of sores. The doctor called it eczema, but his treat- ment did no good, as the child was getting worse, the disease eating the flesh away from his nose, and spreading to his body. Neighbours said it was the worst case they had ever seen. His suffering was terrible, and he would scratch and tear away the flesh. We then used the Cuti- curs Remedies, one set curing him com- pletely, and healing his face without scar or blemish.—Wm. Cridland, 35 Winches- ter St., Pentonville Rd., N. London, Eng.".

===== 0002601_19060512_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
SLEEP FOR BABIES

Rest for Mothers.

Instant relief and refreshing sleep for skin-tortured babies, and rest for tired, fretted mothers, in warm baths with Cu. ticura Soap, and gentle anointings with Cuticura Ointment, the great skin cure, and purest and sweetest of emollients. Cutteura Soap, Ointment, and Pills are sold throughout the world. Depote: Louden, 27 Charterhouse Si.; Per;, 2 Rue de la Raiz ; Australia, R. Towns & Co, Sydu...y. l'otter Drug Es Chem. Corp., Boston, U S. A., Sole Maps. air Send tor ilow to Cure Baby liuzuours." Mailed Free.

PRETTY are not pretty by accident. Send 3 stamps for samples of Bates' Pelista, the wonderful beautifier. Haab'es the WOMENmost homely woman to compete with the loveliest In the Iand.—BATES, 30. Brook a Bar Manchester.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
A MARVEL OF VALUE

NEW ACCORDIAN-PLEATED SKIRT, "'T'EC3EI MI:TRT7IEt.Zk'W',"

As SEKTCH.

Black, Navy, fir Li/ Ci.auipagna, Sky reseda. Brown Carriage paid, Cream Turq Id. extra. Biscuit. send size or waist and length recirdi ed. 28, 40, 42 inches. Larger sizes 6d. extra. 7:2L.=.ICLANIC dd. Co., Skirt Manufacturers, LB/64 HIGH STREET, TOOTING, LONDON, S.W.

"The Health and Vigour of an iniividual depenis upon quantltv, rind quality of the Blood. Whea the tissues have been at 'work there are thrown futO the blood waste pro mete end if these be not eliminated but (throogn any times detained in the -blood) they 'influence nutrition and funcsla ann finally produce organic disease." " Humanitarian." Zr. eases of Scrofula, Scurvy, &nem, Bed Legs. Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples end Sores of all kinds, the effeots of Clarke's Blood Mixture are marvellous. Thousands of wonderful cures have been effecteil by it. Clarks Blood Mixture sold everywhere. 4t 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and eubstitutes. —Advt, (5),

CLARKE'S 841 PILLS are warranted to eurs,,n eithßr sex, allaceuired for constitutional discharges from the ITinaryOrgans. Gravel and Pains in the back. tree from . Metxury. Established upwards of SU years. In boles 4s. 63. each. of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throueb- 'on the world, sent for sixty ',amp by the makers. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drog Company, Lincoln.— Advt.

FIABILINE P—FOR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—TllO[OtIghly cleanses the teeth froni all pataates or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tlrtar, stops decay, ant eves to the teeth a pecollar nearly Whiteness and a delight-tot fragrance to the breath. Price 22.6 d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar for the Floriline " Powder," of, all Chemists and Perfumers.— Advt.

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE II•16.—If your hair Is turning grey or white or failing off. Use the 51xxICia lista 1 DENEwER. for it will positiVe'y restore, In every ease, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the heir ; charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. ' Price 31. 6d. pr • bottle.—Asivt. 1, To Mornoss.— r 5. WINISLOw'S Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers fsr their childran while teething, with perrect sucuess. It will reties,* the poor sufferer Immediately. It to pleasant to taste ; and produces natuarl quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a buttoa '' of • all Chemists Is. lid. per bottle.—Advt.

, ,

This smart skirt itr.)ti 140/ in Voile or Alpaca, beautif ally il l!. i:17.:: 'lt • made and '1,‘,4 1r i ~:" ,', fg enished. ;;;..; ',' ,• •':: 0 t\t '', Pleaae nada in 34, 36,

===== 0002601_19060512_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
4

Erie erammer tte CV WEEK-RED NEWSPAPEIdS COMPRISES : qiHE WARRINGTON 1 MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER. 1. published every Friday afternoon. The principal and tbe Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh Winwick. Padgete, Lymm. kn., being one of the Largest and Beet Weekly Papers in Lance.- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract ha South Lanca- shire and Mid-Cneshire. frHE RUNCORN EXAMINER. published every Friday A afternoon. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and cffers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. .

rria WIDIES LXIIIIINTSR, published ecery Friday 1 afternoori. Widnes contains the lergest numher of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and Is a rapidly growing centre of industry. rrll3 EARLIISTOW N AND NEWTON ta.A.MINTIR. 1 published ev,..ry Pride., afternoon. The Largest, Local Paper containing the Sews of Barlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Goloorne. Ha-clock, Lowton..to The eintrict thus compristd s s most impartaat pert of the Lancashire coal- fells.

TH HS ST. RLIITTS rouriNUß, publis tea every P eds.; afternoon, circulating In St. Helens, Present, Parr. Sutton, Fe4sley Cross. to •-the centre of the G 936. Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

APARTMENTS 1772.N1ED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Six Thirteen, Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 13 ... Os. Sd. ... 13. 3r. ... .2s. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... is. 121. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. ed. 35 ... Is. Cl. ... 2s. Ed. ... Ss. Od. ... S. rd. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 3a, Id. ... ss, Od. ... 73. Od. 54 ... is. ed. ... 3s. Fd. ... 6s. Cd. ... 109. ld

===== 0002601_19060512_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Dome Ott Otrant, ett.

VC" ANTE:D. GENRILAL SBRVANT.—&ppIy QUEEN'S HoTEL, Tyldesley.

ANTBD, at once. a GliNglikL.—Apply alr3. T Mellor rd., Aoliton-r.nder-Lyne.

WANTED. GaNfi !lAL.—PARD.YE, 9, Selbourne rd., C borlton-c dm-Hardy, :Sane:Jester.

wANTED greng active GlRL—Apply WINDSOR TYMPERANCE HOTEL, 31, City rd., Ghlstee.

WANTED, at once. weld PLAIN COOK. General ;about 30.—ANGEL HOTEL. Stretford, Manchester.

WASTED, at onle two strong GIRLS ; about 20 or npwards,—Mrs. Lim, The Rowans, Bury, Lanes.

NvAT() oomi two GONE of good cbarnew ; wages 7..-176,LANOW0RTHY an.,Seetilay.,fanebester

NlTAfirlitti. in Inatitution, good GitIiTBRAL and ruing HOOded&ID.-1.75, HIGH ST. Oxford rd., (an- cheater.

WANT= TWO GIMBRALS and one House-Parlour roaid.—LoßETTo Itnorsrar 071TECE, 214, Deepdate rd , Preston.

COOK-OHNIittAL ;Waitress kept; good home; Vi wages £Z.—Mrs. MADDOCICS, Legla Anne, ereathury, 31,e^tesfleid.

AVANTISD, GHNISHAL, 20-25 ; two ladies ; good refer- , ences.—Caownuge2,lo4, Harrow Side, south Shore, near Blackpdol.

VVANTRD expedenced UHNIL, fsmily two, wages V £lB to 22.0; also )oung girl. good wBges.-41 MILLER ARCADE, Preston.

jJ AbiTISD, God rervants, Officers' farnhllel. Hundreds VT suited, booking free, i.s.—lidoofeit kEGISTRY, learn- br.rouch, Aldershot.

WfaNTHID, respecti/ble WILL, *bout 16; good home; no chtldren.—Apply by letter, Mrs. BMOC 8, Carlton Id., But nleT, Lancaihire.

B.ISITHD, after Whitsuntide GOOK-GlitiEttAL. Trust- IV worthy person. Good references.—Address 11.13.. •• lisanainer." Office, Warrington.

VTCI ANTED MN KRAL d'aItVANE used to c sultry place. State age, wages and refereuces.—Mrs. BELL. Booth's I.lsll. Booths-town, near Manchester.

IiTANTIM plain COOK ; previous experience in an institu- tion necessary. either es C ok or first kitcbenmald.— Apply IlantoN, Nurses' Horn.... Ashton at.. Liverpool.

117 ANTED uIiktVANT GIRL; fatally oi two; good V wages ; easy place ; light work ; good references required ; age 18 to 25. —Apply 12e• HASTBOURNE RD, Biikdale. Southport.

WANTED, COOK-GIVAIIHAL and Housemaid—Waitress, at once ; references required ; private. —39, kioATtE Dlii7E, S. Anues.

A1T2.27T140. COOK-OHNISItaI., at once ; age 30 to 35 ; good charwtet ; wages Bs.—LaNGwoETET HOTEL, Seedley, 32anatiester.

WAINT}fD a strong young ultiN }MAL for small houde ; able to wash ; good references.—Mrs. HITCHE.N. Albion terrace, Accrington.

VVANTSD, good isikf LikfitALS, Cook-Gen an erals d young Gina; good houses hnd good vrages.—Mrs. CLEGG, pperley Bridge, Bradford, Yorks.

WANTED good GISEHEAL, for tonally of three; goad reference required ; railway fate paid —Apply, Tdosoasr, Fruiterer, Aberystwyth.

WANTED GENNRAL, plain cooking ; goood general experience necessary; good WhgeS offered.—WoLr, 31 Woodland Gardens, Highgate, London. N.

WANTED a WOMAN with knowlecige of milk and butter; goad wages to suitable person.—Apply Mrs. PoPg, Bell's Yarm, Melling. near Liverpool.

IVASTIsII GHNHRALd, Cook. Generals. Housemaids, Waitresses, errvants of evory capacity. —THE RELIANCE SELECT REorrmy, 23, Wartrrek-road, Blac'apool.

AV ANTED COOKS.Cook-generals, Housemaids, fr ererale. V Some for baster and kiletreis ouly.—BorroltlAClB REGISTRY, Morley et.. Bradford, Yorke. lietab. 1887.

WANTED GNOMICAL one used to children good wages and comfortable home to suitable person.—Apply Mrs. SPARROR. Thorne Rouse, Sandfold lane, Reddish near Bkeek port.

IiVANTEID COOK-GRNBItAL, also HOU9IiMaID ; ages V from 18 to 20 ; wares £l6 and £l4 ; good refererves required.—Waim, 29, CliftOn rd., Heaton Chapel, near 111apcheater.

Ait RS. READ Requires numbers SUPERIOR SE NVAIIIIIO. Cootie, good and plain, Eitchenmaids, Merses.House- mald-Wattressee, and Yonerg GtrIs,—SELEC2 REGISTRY Rusholme, Manchester.

wMUNE) Good Stiong GENBRAL able to wash and do plain cooking;no ohildren,Good home to suitable girl; wages 5.. fare paid.—Apply Mrs. CHERRY, 14, Bellott at.. Cileeth 4.m Hill. Manchester.

WANTHEI, YOUNG GiRL, honest, to assiet in Beer- boute must have a honest and good character ; one from the:country nreferred.—Apply at WILLLINOTON INN, Stand lane, Radcliffe, Manchester,

"rtVANTEIID at once GBICBRAL SHRVANT ; all dutles ; gnod character Indispensable ; comfortable home ; small family; wages £l3.—Mrs. JOHNSON, 18, Brentwood , Beeves Old rd Pendleton. Manchester.

T 1-111 WHITWORTH PARK wants 'Zenon., £l6, £2O, two people, yonne creneral nursemaid. mothers's hem all dutl.e.Cooks,£2o,E22,Housernaid Waitress £24. lixperlenced Ivo booking fee. Stamp.-504,M05s LINE Han, Manchester.

BS, PRHSTON, Progressive Servants' Agency, 44, 131. CH &IMPS ST., Blackpool. The oldest established in Blackpool. Wants Servants with reference!, for Hotels, Boardinz and Private Honses ; good wages; enclose stamp. Te,e. 0f37

"ATI RS. CRANSTON. High Class fdie Registry for 1U Servant.. 12 Clliton-street, Wigan.—Wanted good Cooks, Cook Generals, Housemaid Waitresses, generals, Public Servante. Stamp for reply.—lfees. Ladies 2s, ServAnts Is.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
rEe be /et.

PRNKBITH.—GOOD HOUSIC9 MTH GARDIINS, 36. 9d per week also (jotters 3s. 6d. end 2a. 6d. per week. IVY LOAGH.F.ROGI-lALL redwed rent. 41, NHW ROAD, 4s, 91. week. SHOP. 2, SOHOOT. BROW. rent 76. d. week. SHOP, 124. ITRIISHY STREW. rent Sc.week. Apply ROBERT LO77E, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War- rineton. Telephone—No 55.

DOUTILF-FHONTIM lock-up !atop to let, low rent, suit- able for pork, Colonial, and cooked meats.—Apply DAVIP. Grocer, Watford.

V ILLA —TO BR LET, Fero i-detached Villa: The Nook, V W hitefield•road. Lower Walton.—Apply A. Vlouartain, Dutton at., Warrington.

9'o mar 17, POLLY' LAMB, will he cleaned for good 1. tenisnt.—Apply WOODS & SOII Solicitors, Hortemarket Street. Warrinuton.

TO LET, good 1-101D314 In Derby-street, rent 4s. 6d. vaIII be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply Woonis & Sox, b, War-•

!olieft-or;,'

trrington._

LR2 GOOD HOUSR. Parker street, rent 355. month _L clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS dr, Somr, SOliettors. WarrinsiOn.

fro BS House, St. Mary's st , containing Z sitting- ..i_ rooms, kitchen, scullery, 3 bedrooms, bathroom, Apuly J. LUNT. Bridge foot, Warrington.

SHOP with good Dwelling in fiewrev-street, Warrington. —Suit Grocer. Eutnber, Confectioner. Barber, Term, Chip., &C. 10 years grocery. /tent rednced.—Apply ZICELLAND, BeWeel, it, Warrington.

jAPPICES to tie Let, over Ui.ion Bank, Sankey Street, ‘_J Warringttn ; light and airy ; fire places and electric nights in eseb room.—Apply J. sumow. estate and business agent. Union Bank-buildings, Warrington.

NUTSFOHD-WAD.—TO BR LHT, Home, cintaining two sitting-looms. kftchen.seullery, four bedrooms end b4tbroona ; rent Bz. per week; no rates.—Apply J. LUNT, Bridge-foot Warrington.

Mutation.

ANCATK.Ii. COLLEGE, NIORECAMBE.—A Pint...class Boarding School for Boya.--J. WASAIISHALL, Ph.D., M.Sc., Principal.

QANDBaCH SCHOOL, CHI, SHlRE.—Moderace Fee.• illustrated Prospectus from Headm.ster.

UNIVERSITY SCEIOOL, SOUTHPORT.— A Most Strcessful Boarding School for Boys. W. HRBDISRSON. M.A. "rincloal.

PLAIRVILLR SCHOOL, Ross-on-Wye. NNX TERM BEGINS MAY 2nd. 147,6. Eitabll3hel over 50 yeAre. Excellent situation. Good diet, large playing fields. Grronaniutp, Prosoectus Stc. on application to HEADMASTER.

,barts, 3nbtstments, ett.

Zi7Ainteb

MAN (young) leeks SITUATI,IN, any capiclty. In or ont.—B 75, Clhybrook rd.. Fu.bam.

WANTHD to buy, the supply of a DAIRY'S NEW MILK —Apply 33, CHAPEL PLACE, Liverpool.

INVItNTORS requiring information gratis, write H. W. DENTON.INGFIAM, 12 London it., London, 8.0.

T ADIRS WARDROBBt; purebased, fullest value. prompt I/ remittance.—ldrs. D.art,Er, 1, Victoria Dock rd., London H.

Vwf ANTRD YOUTH for farm work. One able to milk.— Apply S. Riortaansos, Mere House Farm. 3.lobberley, Cheshire.

IttESSEAKING.—WANTOD bo lice, skirt. sleeve handr, I_l Exceptional wages for competent workers.-7. and W. DUTTON, Warrinvton. •

DUPLICATING promptly executed from Is. 100 copies ; Typewriting undertaken.—MlDLAND DUPLICA7I2I6. Market Chambers, Cheatertleld.

WANTBD spare Time Agents. —No money requlred,send stamp for partienlars tt Co., 145, Rnssell n.. Princess rL, Manchester.

A GBNTS wanted for pneumatic rubber stamps and other novelties.—s.end tor list and terms for free sample.— P. R. S. Co.. 18, Qtreenhlthe, London. - -- T WANT to buy oollections of old postage stamp,. I pay 1. good prices. Megan by return.--Erowlan & Co., Adolphus rd.. Finsbury Park. London.

if atrimonp

===== 0002601_19060512_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Ottbital

ECZ GMA.—Sare, rare, effectual cure with herbs. Recipe free with list of hero& and remedies. Postcard will do. —THwAITEN, herbalist, Stockton-on-Tees.,

11.PCZHISIA and all allied Skin Diseases may be cured by JUI using Perskino or Perfect Skin Ointment. In boxes, 1. 11;cl., 2e. 9d.—Snurnanvonve, Chenilat. Lincoln,

UCZSIVA and all chronic blood Impurities nred by J. _LI Ilowyeaar.L. Herbal Sp-ciallet. Seafcrd et., Stoke-on. Trent. Stamped letter for reply : Inquiries soliCited:

ASTHMA AIM BRONCHITI4.—A gentleman who bas been enred will gladly send partioulsrs fo any sufferer enerostng stamped envelo?.e.—Mr. Loex. Vletorls rd..rforley.

A N./MIA. flebillty. praiu-rag.—Jeuner's Capsules poel- ttvely cure these. invlgorste tha body, and clear the complexion. P. 0.11. 11— BANNISTER, Chemist, Bloxwicti.

11'0 LADlBS.—ltealth and Beauty. LY PIBKOIDS I are a natutal beautifier. They enrich the Wood, invig- orate Clan syntem. and are an ercellent remedy for unsemia and periodic derangement.. Post free, Is. 10., ana Zs. 9d. —tau t Co., Chemists, Berwick-on-1 weed.

Vartnersbips, tucOntsqts , etc.

SMALL GROOMBY and GIINICRAL BU,INBSS for sale.— Apply 29, Clasitina, BT.. Stockton Heath, Warrington

Rwrnuria. from Suelni•as.—Off-Lisetice for •le, with Small Brewery attached.—Apply TOOTALL, Ashton it.. Darweu.

HASTINVS.—Housee and Business for disposal.— For particulars, appTy, stating requirements. DumAgen t, Hastine.

GbNERAL BUSINESS for BALE through ill-health. Established 29 years. Price £IBO.—SVALLEY, 219, Westminster rd., Liverpool.

ON ;3ALEI, good Fried Fish and Chip BI.ISINBS3 in good stand ; reason for leaving ill-health.—Apply 183. MANCHESTER RD., Inca Bar, near Wigan.

BUSINNS6III & PAIITNaliiHIPS.—(London and Pro- vince) Profits £250 to £1.5G0. Price £530 to £5 000. —lticumoxu, GILBERT & Co., 79, Queen et., London. E.O.

CIONFEICTIONBRY Business. Hastings; leading thorough- tare; trade £)00 to £603 yearly ; closed Sunday; price £275 ; letters.—GEMlTNE, Si, Warrior square. St. Leonard*.

/t 1 ANOHB9TIift —CONFROfION TEAROOMS, iVI well-fitted level blkehoule ; living accommodation ; taking £400; price Elf O.—K , 35., Oxford rd., ktart,heAter.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
fioultrp, Ogg% at.

VGGS from prize-bred Black, also buff Leghorn. ; 3.. 13; -1j unfertilee replaced.—F. Elsarratms.filbchestermr Preeton

LOWS FOR SlTTlNG.—Sixteen varieties from os. per El dozen. List free.—La.vsoß BROTHERS, 144, White- sate Elsekormi.

INDIAN GA.aID EGGS from carefully seleuted Pens. 55 per sitting. Cockerel. and Pullets for sale —sllcfcaie, Day House. Sbrewsbury.

• LIG GEL—Finest SILVER-GGBY DORKINGS, 55.; Dorking CI Game, 2s. td.• Indlan Game, 58. ; White Leghorns, 38. 64. dozen.—ltgel'Oß. Frodeeley Itectgry,, Shrewsbury.

LIOWL CORN, 7s. 6d., 103. Bd., 12.6 d. 240155. ; Pig Food, I. 7a. od. and Poultry Meal, 83. .and 10s. per 2001bs.— ROCTIE AND Co.. 15. Goree piazzas. Liverpool. Mention paper.

PGGS from Worcestershire Poultry Farm, WRITS LUG- -114 I-101iNS, winners two last winter laying competitions, everlasting layers; sittings reduced to 4s.;unfertile3 replaced. Free range.--Priteis MORGAN, Penvgelly, Town

_

===== 0002601_19060512_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 12, 1906.

1/0U605 anb /anti on ale. •

Alfgrellaneou6, On balm, ett.

QEND P.C. for Catalogue of Linen Goods and Save Money. 1.7 —Ruesusia,, Woodstock rd., Belfast.

BISAUTIFUL coloured postcards, Isle of Wight, 6d., post tF free.—Uttalf, Commerce House, Bottchurob.

ClOHNS.—Oole's Ivy Leaf speedily cures the; posc tree, Sfd.—F. H. LIAANIEITER, Ohemist Blox wich.

CIOA,. BILL. RALPH]) for few penee.—Write SUGAR kj HOUSE MILLS. Dept. 9. ntratford. London.

_ CRICKHP SHIRTS RREB for Es. 6d, latest cell' net.— COVaNTBY SHIRT (Jo., 7. Market at,, Coventry.

ANTIQUE Mahogany Inlaid Chest. Brass. Handler and Original condition. LICSTERS. StOWßore. York.

IIIyrisWKITING done, 84. thousand wozds, 2 copies Is - 1 ACCURATE, 5, West Kensington Mansions, W.

VILIES, Developed, Printed, Enlarged. Best work 0n1y..-- r SNApsgar Holmrook, (Mauerland.

PI{OTOGRPH3 COPIIID, any slza ; cablnetz 4s. doz.— FARB. 18, Herschel; It., Mayfield d , Leloesner.

SWill as. Eid. for ss. Oictord Bible ; reterelices ; thumb Index.—BirthtHouiE, Lbilmarnoek it., ,lasgow.

KILL, KILL, destroys Rats and Wee instantly, 6d. per packet—B. STONE, Westgate Builalngs, Bath.

SUIr UMW:HS from N.; ,roniers lenzthe from 3.. 6d. Patterns free from Wooottouser. Mirfteld, York•hire.

J)ADIIW superior Comblaatio..s, pink, natural, or wl.ite. 2s. 6d. P.O.—MAKS:BS AGENCY, 163 A, Briggate, Leeds.

rlltlhl.--Since commencement three selections ; three _L winners; latest, Succury.—SUTCLIFFP., Bllol‘B.

VIOLIN, tine In rp strument. bow, ease, aes‘ories ; seerifi..e 15e. ; approval.--Hllir 16 De‘npark it.. Bdinburgb.

J ADY sacrifices 2 18ct. gold-cased, Orient Diamond Rings, Li 2s 64, approval,—Gonixo, 96 Holland rd., London, W

ADIBS —For, P.O. 7d. I will send to any lady a -L.4 genuinely valuable secret.—W. Marian, 2. Grafton at., Portsmouth.

DEGULATIS your Family according to your Income.— Ala the efcrec of the, le. P.O.—b&AKLEBi CO., Shelley, Huddersfield.

-pORAX SA.LT, ?orJdlLng weeds on garden walks. 26. per CWG.—W'ARRINOTOIC BORLTO CO., LTD., Stag Bridge, Warrington.

PACKICT of twelve beautiful Canadian Picture postearde, Bent post free for 18. —W. 6PsNCER. 253, Hargrave it. Wlntlopeg, Canada.

I 1 GLASS AND CHINA ORNAMSNTS.—Aii different ; G be. 6d. carriage paid.—BnooKn3 kith Co., 10, ZtatiOU et.. Burton-on-Trout.

PIA NO, £8 tic—Good aecoud-hand Piano; guaranteed ten years ; tuned tree 12 months. —J. R. WOOD, 47. Old London rd., Stockton Heath.

riCOSI LEWIS, 290 Queen's rd., Sheffield. hreat eurcees My 1 Special Wires. One horse, le. 6d.. week, 61. 6J.; two horses 2s. 6,1•. week. 10e. 6d.

ANI•kR6 World-Renowned Heir Grower.- A 33. 64. trial 11 bottle sent, post free, for le. 64.-Bole Agent, BERTRAM StOttE. WPStgitte Hull4in., Beth.

PIOTUREB of pe.sons or objects, made in one minute ; new process; learn the art ; full Instructions, one shilling —STABIL Bwinbrook, Burford, Oxon.

TOAPHR B&CIS for Drapers. Milliners, and Launderers. bamples,eenny starop.—linteeLEr,Wholesale Paper Bag Merchant, Jersey it., Ashton-under-Lyne.

4 RMY RAZOR STROPS. 1.8. etch ; elder Is. 6d.; magic shsepeness satisfaction goarlote-4 Young's Corner. 'Hammersmith, London, IV.

CHARMING PRNSONIS. Rembrandt Portraits in Oils, by Batibitor,l6xl2, from Photograph. Gulnea.or inatal- menta.—V., 191 Beckenham rd., London, &R.

AI.AaR GOODS (Special), Id. and 60. Greatest variety and value in the trade.—SALMON & HATIMVMAN. Ltd. Plough Buildings, Gloucester at., Birmingham.

Ut/ITS to Measure 25i.. unequalled style and fit; grand 10 range • patterns free, with self-measurement form.— /Mali & GODFRRY, St. Benedlct's Plain, Norwich.

SAVE YdUR DOCTOR'S HlLLS.—Spiendld health giving Medicinal summer Drink. Recipe and sample 13 etamps.—UICALTEC, 24, Northcote avenue, Southall.

aENTS FYJANIA9.—Beat Value In Sngland. Send 54. 6d. for bult In Ceylon Flannel (post free).-LARK & PELIICE 11ANU7ACTURING Co.. 291, Normanton rd., Derby.

NITS BANISHRD completely by three applications of Livesey's Suoflower.rornede ; 4d. tin, post free ; large aim la.—fi. 1. LIVESEY, Chemist, Preston, Lancashire.

N/ OU CANNOT AFFORD a poor Business Card. but can .1. afford 5.. 1,000 cash with order tor a neat, trade winning card .—STRANGE. TEE PRINTER. LTD., Eastbourne.

flifsreliantotts, n 'alo, ett.

Fll/3PI FOUNTAIN PIM for selling 12 Pictorial Postcards ELECTRO NIB CO., 105, Larkhall lane, Claplatm.

DARGAIN.—Gent'd msesive Chronozrapla stop Waldo ; s orifice N. 6d.—FOREITER, 110, Ranter rd., Goadon, N.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

IZANIUttIYS POISON tor Killing Kars answers kJ well. After one dremine I found 136 dead next morn- I g."—J. Mass, Beistborpe, Leighton. " I killed 200 rats with Bariforcl'e CoorC, Farmer, Alletmere-road destroyed 145 rate with it."-0 WILSON, Offord. —Send 1s 2d. a INFORD & SON, Sandy Beds. Sold b 7 (Themdsts.

QUIT LENGTHS, ,10s. 6d. 18s. 15s. 6d., 20s. 25.. 6d. Write 1.3 for patterns.—LAMßEßT, Woollen Merchant. S. Hampden Place, Halifax

I ADZES ahould send for our beluttful blouse lengths. two for 25.. carriage paid. worth double. SCHOFIELD Co.. Levenshulme, Manchester.

J3ERRS and Wiltshire Horses, week's wires 10s. ; sin4le 2s. 6d., letter is. ( ipeciAls for Chester and Komnton) —HARRY PrIRTFR 8 SAnce,ri .t.. •=win,l

STUARI'S Smart "Genuine" TAILOS-NIADR COSTUANS and Dresses to measures ; two guineas. Patterns illustra- tions and measure forms, post free.—STITART (from Sbool- breds), 20, A !ham, st., regents Park, Loin.

Rgyitulturat prabuct, plantrs, &r.

CLBMATIg. all colours ;12 sorts els . ; 9 sorts 3s. ; 3 sorts Is.. strong. free.—Bao uicr, Crowborough.

IAERN ROOTS.—Common Oak, Male. Indy, Hartstongues, English, 2. per KO; 40 assorted, ls. Cash with order.—Eousera, Pirnilco, Oearnlnster. Uorset.

inonvp

===== 0002601_19060512_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
A BROKEN-DOWN SYSTEM.

- This is a condition (or disease) to which doctors give many names, but which few of them really understand. It is simply weakness—a break-down, as it were, of the vital orces that sustain the system. No matter what may be its muses (for they are almost numberlets), its symptoms are much the same; the more prominent being sleeplessness, sense of proetrat'on or weariness, depression of spirits and want of energy for all the ordinary affairs of life. Now,what alone is absolutely essential In all such oases is INC RH ASH VITALITY—vigour—VITAL STRFINGTH AND HNERGY to throw off these morbid feelings, and esperience proves that as sight Succeeds the day this may be snore certainly secured by a 0011/80 of the celebrated life-reviving tonic. TEI,EHAPION NO. 3, than by any other known combination. So surely as It Is taken dn accordance with the printed ,eireations accom- panying it, will the shatter.d health be restored, the I-M- I:van. LAMP OF LIPS LIGHTIM UP APRIM, and is new existence imparted in place of what had ea lately seemed worn-out, •• used up," and valueless. This wonderful restorative Is purely vegetable and Innocuous is agreeable to , the taste—sultable for all constitutions and conditions, Is either sex; and it is difficult to imagine a mit, of disease ct derangement, whose main features are those of that will not be speedily and permanently benetited by thi I never-failing recuperative easence, which is destined to cast ' into oblivion everything that has preceedeLl it for this wide- Dread and numerous plass of human ailments. TIONtAPION may be procured In lingland at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 61. post free for P. 0., from Mr, 11. JOIINSOS, 43, MOLFORD SQUARki LONDON, W.C. Purchasers should nee that the word nimukrioti appears on British Clovernment Stamp) in white letters on a red ground) affixed to every package by order of His Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, and without which it is a forgery.

jflarbnierv, etc.

Boilers. Machinery, sold, 133tigtit, or on hire.- 4 WHITE films., Machinery Merchants,Stratford, London.

ON 81\ LB, TWO PULL BEER ENGINE, with connec- tions, pipes, and tape complete, In Arc-class condition. —Apply to E. CLAYTON, 17, Cecil at.. Wigan.

IN SAUL HORIZONTAL BOILER about 20ft. Oln. by N...J bf. 61n., single fine, Galloway tubes, with fittings ; alto two Steam PVIIIPS•—MAwneLEr, Princess it.. Wigan.

10r5t5, 800, Eibt ,Stork &r.

A YEARLING JERSEY BULL, clerk colour, pedigree; .11 price £20.-- Apply CAPTAIN ADAM.% Maesmawr Hall, Welshpool.

kJ N SALIS, good strong COS, 14-3, good rooper, warranted quiet and good worker. Price 213 101. —l4, tiCARIB, VITCR ST., Wigan,

\N SAM Chestnut GISLDING, four years old, 15 hands 1.1 by Dane Canute; sound, quiet to ride and drive.— WRITNALI, Acregate Farm, Flixton.

TOR SALE, Chestnut PONY, 13-2. aged 6 years ; splendid action; pastes all road traffie ; sound and quiet in barnese.--applv N4VIGATION HOTEL Woad heath.

ROCHE'S HERBAL ERIBROCATION.

ROCHE'S FiERBAL EMBROCATION.

IT would appear that the ENGLAND AND occupation of Tabah by the TURKEY, troops of the SULTAN of Turkey is part of a general movement of aggression. The same sort of raid has been made into Persian territory. For some reason or other the SULTAN has persuaded himself or has been persuaded by his Ministers, that this is a good time to enter on a policy of adventure. The recent change of Government in this country. may have something to do with it. ABDUI HAMID may choose to believe the Conserva- tives when they say that they alone are cap- able of a vigorous handling of foreign affairs though his experience ought to have taught him quite another sort of lesson; and, to do justice to the Conservative party on the present I occasion, it is quite firm in its support of Sir Edwean GREY. "The Foreign Minister may count on the full support of the Unionist party," say the Conservative newspapers, and at least one of them has so little faith in the squeezability of Liberal Ministers of which we have heard so much that it advises the SULTAN to climb down at once, " and the sooner the better for himself." There are stories of the bad state of the SULTAN'S health. They may possibly be true, but they are just as probably set about for the purpose of excusing delay in the aforesaid inevitable climbing down process.

For the present the situation is rather threaten- ing though it is difficult to believe that Turkey will not behave on this occasion as she has always previously behaved when she has been resolutely dealt with,but the British Government is evidently preparing for the possibility of persistence in the Turkish claims. Four of our largest battleships are already anchored in Phalerum Bay, together with six cruisers and four destroyers. As a naval demonstration tha. is rather formidable, but I though these precautions against the rejection of the ultimatum suggest an instant readiness to act with great decision and in the most forcible and convincing manner should the occasion arise, Sir EDWARD GnEr is,nevertheless,carrying on negotia- tions with much tact and discretion. He is squeez- ing the sublime Porte without doubt, but afso without unneossary violence. The SULTAN has merely to say that he agrees to an inquiry in- to the frontier question and the difficulty is at once at an end. As to what an inquiry would reveal, there can be no manner of doubt. It is a hundred years or so since Turkey could put forward any reasonable claim to that portion of the Siniatic peninsula which is the occasion of the present

===== 0002601_19060512_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ . _

===== 0002601_19060512_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
dispute. Then, too, the frontier line was deter- mined by a firman in 1892. The Turkish conten- tion now is that the firman had no reference to the territory in this dispute, but this is only a part of that extraordinary effrontery which has been dis- played by the Turkish Government during the negotiations, and which denies to us the right to put what is obviously the just intarpretation on a public document.

Whatever happens, the British Government may safely rely not only on the unanimous sup- port of the country, but on the goodwill of other Governments. It is satisfactory to have received from Germany a definite assurance that she has given no sort of encouragement to Turkey in the raising of this frontier dispute. Her participation to any extent whatever did not seem probable,but there are in this country certain newspapers which insist on perceiving Germany's hand everywhere, and which in the most heedless and determined way endeavour to precipitate a quarrel on the slightest or the most vague excuse. If it were possible to believe that Turkey was not merely "trying it on," but had real and serious intentions, we might be driven to think that she was herself preparing for a war. The value of the territory which she claims is almost purely of a strategical character, but its value in that respect is exceedingly high, seeing how Egypt l and the Suez Canal might be endangered from such a situation. The Government says Sir EDWARD GREY, has exhibited great patience and moderation. It has indeed I And wo shall now speedily know what result these qualities hive pro- duced on the unwise heads that are responsible for Turkish affairs.

There can be no ques- THE FREE CHURCH tioning the fact that Free COUNCIL. Church Councils have

accomplished and are still doing a valuable work in fostering the spirit of unity. Under their influence Free Churchmen of all shades of opinion are learning to sink minor differences, and to stand firm on the great funda- mental principles which all profess. It is encouraging to find that the Warrington Free Church Council is in a very healthy and flourishing state. Its vitality was strik- ingly evidenced by the large attendances at the annual public gatherings held on Thursday and by the great interest and enthusiasm which characterised the proceedings. The movement has made considerable headway in the town and bids fair to become a still greater power for good. One successful undertaking which the Council can point to with pride is the provision of the Free Church Hall at Winwirk which has supplied an undoubted want. Of the three powerful speeches delivered at Thursday evening's meeting, the m.st interesting was that of the President (Mr. C. E. Parker) who is to be warmly congratu- lated on his election to the presidency of the South Lancashire Federation of Free Church Councils. His remarks were entirely devoted to the vexed question of education and he put forth a strong and well reasoned plea for simple Bible teaching in the schools. His speech was 'decidedly moderate in tone and we would commend it to the careful perusal of our readers—Church and Nonconformist alike.

. Most of the 8:.;2 members THE FOOTBALL of the Warrington Football Cum Club will, we think,conclude on perusing their annual reports that the organisation has been particularly well managed during the past season, though they may be disappointed with the bald achievements in a football sense. The past eight months have been a very trying time for Northern Uke°3 Clubs, for the game is either in a transitory state—in which case there is hope—or it is on "its last legs." Certainly, just now there is ample scope for the wail of the possiraist, and unless a marked improvement is shown bath iu the quality of the football and the management of League competitions, the. Northern Union will become a spent force in the sporting world. We are hopeful that such ;a calamity, affecting so many renowned Rugby clubs, will be averted by wise management. So far as the Warring- ton Club is concerned there is no ground for despondency, even though there has been a loss on the year's working of £233. The Club, thanks to the foresight of its rnanagen, is in a remarkably sound position, and the loss just men- tioned is small when the fact is considered that the revenue for the season is over £l,OOO less than a ' year ago. It may seem strange hat it is none the less true, that the great cup victory of 1905 brought no advantage in 1906—rather the reverse. The players have rested on their laurels to a great extent, ind consequently have not shown the prowess in the field that was expected of them. Perhaps the most gratifyiog feature of the season is the manifest improvement of the second string, who have again captured the Lancashire Combination Championship, and put up record scoring figures. Warrington F.C., at any rate, can be trusted to hold its own for some years to come. The only fear is for the parent body,which for some time has not been steering a course to inspire public !confidence and command support.

We have been much amused THE DnINK PROBLEM by reaciing a columu of SOLVED. notes sent us .for oublica7

tion by "The Licensed Trades Literary and Press Agency," which pro- poses to supply us with such delictable literature weekly if we consider it suitable for our columns. Frankly, we don't. The object of the supply is obvious. It is designed to show the heartrending martyrdom to which " the trade " is subjected by legislature and the judiciary, and also to stir up the free-born Briton into saying that he will drink intoxicants when and where he likes. If the aforesaid Briton did not get drunk he might have had this priceless privilege. Not that "the liceased trades" want him to get drunk. Oh, no! They would rather he drank to an unlimited extent without making a beast of himself, but the only way they can suggest to bring about so delightful a consummation for themselves and the Briton is to make facilities for drinking practically unlimited. One of these supplied paragraphs points out that " in Paris, as in any other French town of any size, it is, practically, possible to obtain a drink at any hour of the twenty-four, ands intoxication, except in the very lowest quarters, is very rare. Then we have the moral, emphasised with charm- ing naivette, thitt because drinking facilities are greatly restricted across the border," Scotland is the most drunken country on the face of the earth." Evidently temperance workers are on the wrong tack. They should see that public-houses are built in the proportion of at least one to every row of dwellings and kept open night and day Then the evil would abate and drunkenness bo no more. It is probable that the profits of the trade would increase many-fold, but this interesting fact was probably overlooked in the eager desire to ,preach the new gospel of temperance from the headquarters of the Licensed Trades Literary and Press Agency.

The House of Commons was COMEDY OF Two on Monday, vastly enter LABOUR PARTIEB. tamed by what may fairly be termed "The comedy of the two Labour parties." So far, the I.L.P. and L.R.C. group have been especially prominent, and I have done excellent work in a business-like fashion. , They have even achieved some not inconsiderable triumphs for a new party sitting on the opposition ? side of the House. But apparently Mr. Keir • Hardie and his fo'lowers are forgetting that they are, after all, only a sinall—if very pushful— , 1 minority. So far they have been generously treated : in the matter of representation on Committees of - ' the House, but on Monday they fell foul of the • Chief Government Whip through displaying over- , much acquisitiveness. On the Committee - ,

OEM

===== 0002601_19060512_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
on the Housing Acts Amendment Bill there appeared the name of Mr. Henry Vivian, the Liberal-Labour Member for Birkenhead, but no nominee of the Labour party was mentioned. Up jumped Mr. Keir Hardie and said : "it was eminently a committee on which there ought to be a member of the Labour party, yet there was not one." With his first assertion we are in ag,reement,and indeed the Chief Whip only quarrelled with Mr. Hardie in regard to the second. He reminded the Labour leader that there was another section of the Labour party on the Government side of the House with equal claims to representation, and in the person of Mr. Vivian, Labour was represented. The I.L.P.'s and the L.R C.'s did not relish this at all, and wanted to dub the others " Liberals pure and simple. This only resulted in a crushing rejoinder from the Chief Whip. Now it reply, and no doubt does, suit Mr. Keir Hardie and his devoted band to make a distinction between themselves and those professed represen- tatives of Labour on the Government benches. But, in the view of the workers of the country eenerallv, such men as Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Burt,Mr. Enoch Edwards, Mr. Maddison, and Mr. Vivian are as trne disciples of Libour politics as the most hide-bound, contention-pledged meinbers of the I.L.P. or L.R.C. With regard to the case in point a better or truer representative of Labour than Mr. Vivian could not be appointed to such a body as the Housing C im- rnittee. The Member for Birkenhead, who is an old trade unionist, has devoted much time to the study of the housing problem, and is chairman of the Ealing Tenants Ltd., an association of tenant owners who have put their capital together and are developing en estate and erecting. houses of their own. If the Labour group under Mr. Keir Hardie was . anxious to supplant Mr. Vivian with a nominee of its own, then it showed a lamentable avant of devotion to the hest interests of the working-classee. Faction•fighting of this kind will not only retard the Labour movement, but will also render impossible that emancipation of the submerged tenth which should be the aim of every Labourite whether he sits in Opposition or with the Government.

I

LETTER FROM MR. H. WHITHAM. THE HORRORS OF SAN FRANCISCO Vivid Personal Experiences. WRITER "UNABLE TO ,WORK AGAIN." Mrs. S. Burdett, Old-road, Latohford, yesterdly l'eceived the following letter from her brother, Mr. H. Whitham of San Francisco, and formerly of Warrington:- 11y dear sister and folks generally,—' think you tll have received a telegram before this and will know that our family is quite safe. Our home is els') ranch better than the thousands arAund us. I would like to tell you of the state of affairs here but fear I cannot, as my nervous system seems to be pretty well broken up. Of one thing lam pretty sure, I may never be able to work again, as the use seems to have gone out of my legs, and what the future has in store for me I cannot tell. I must say this, however: there Ire thousands upon thousands very very much worse than we are. I shall try to send papers that will describe the situation much better than I can. This is a city of about 400,009, and its distances are long, and we depend entirely on the street car The cars are all stopped as the are all lifted out of shape an the rails twisted if they had been made of wire. My own personal , were something fearful, and in horror tinded me of the Egypt affair. I was in a large Itt warehouse, and at 5.15 a.m., two or three

things happened. The floor began to lift and tumble about, and the lights all went out, and pieces of freight 'lid things I could hear but could not see. I had to grOPe nIY way to a door, and when I had found one I i con d not open it—all strained out of shape. Then I got to her Worse still. After some time I found one, and with much effort I forced the bolt. Of course I realized that a fearful earthquake bad paid us a visit, and not a friendly one. All this ' time my great anxiety wa„bout my family. What had become of 'them? I was a long way from them and Imust °walk it. When I got into the street I found fire had started and the quake had disrupted the whole of the water system I got home at last and found my family, like all the rest of the People, out in the street. My lot were all dressed, but thousands I had seen in the street with blankets and sheets vcrind them. The scores of houses I had seen lifted right out into the street and the houses that were half over, with people linside ! Remember Itost of the homes are built of wood, and now, talk of The burning of Rome, the fire had got strong hold of city and was working out its sweet will. My house course was not tenable. The whole of the furniture • in heaps on the floor, and we left it to seek one of Itly married daughters who lived a mile away on the , side. We found them all right. They had had a good slake but not much. From this point we had a full view of the citl. The fire was at least a mile away. They had begun to use dynamite, but no use, the fire came steadily along, helped by a gentle breeze from the ocean. People were soon crowding the main streets loaded with bedding. 'They were trying to move furniture to safe places as they thought, but the fire warned them to move on. Immense warehouses, up to ten and twelve storeys high, were in flames. Oh, but it was beginning to look like Hell itself. The old and the young, the aqpless and so on were to care for. Creeping along it swept hospitals, churches, rich mansions—all went md the people came crowding up the hills. Night, on and as we sat on the hill side watching the demon pursue its relentless course, and listened ,work of the dynamiters, we could but think this was tragedy indeed. Well, we must seek a . rest, we were all spent. What a sight when turned out in the morning! The fire had swept tl's rich mansions on Nob Hill out of sight. It had c'tne slowly yet surely through half the city, and I t:11„tlirl see it circling my home, but it did not reach it. Re fire played some strange antics. ,At one time it I°ol3ld seem as if it were going to clear all out in one trectimit ; then it would stop and get hold of another 'at, and so mine escaped. Nopr what we have to tear is disease. All the mains having burst leaves usith ' a water difficulty and makes the imperative getaands of nature a sore trouble. AB if all this were not enough the evil elements of an Francis'eo came to the front and martial law was uoclared. Soldiers, marines and police were given a ll'wer fearful to think of. No lights allowed in AEI houses after dark, no fires to be kindled on the risk of being shots dead. Thugs for robbing the dead, hot on sight. A: tailor told to do something in the .rntreet, refused, shot dead. A woman persisted in light- -I'lR a fire, shot dead. Now, we all light fires in the streets to cook with, and get the food to cook as we i 411. Yesterday I hobbled over a mile to get some 'read and then could only get one very small loaf, taNlot, , gn I said there were six of us. I turned out a`gs Morning to find food and a kind fellow gave me ic)rne canned meat. I have to say there is heaps of now, and the people are behaving as one family, ,gring and taking, helping one another. I want you to take this letter to the "Examiner," perhaps they 111 Print it. ier‘ltrY fingers, my whole hand indeed, is getting use- -4a and' must stop writing. H. WHITIIAIf. "day Morning, April 22nd, 100 G.

Eno

‘ f 0 tllar, IP,oi. k a ci ,Ind al If they s mded rr. t wart_ things happei about, and the aid things I Col grope My way t( °mild not open it got to another wor one, and with nix . course I realized the. 4 us a visit, and n . time my, great ani , What had become way from them and Pm, *. the street I found fire ht i disrupted the whole of tilt at last and found my fat People, out in the street. - but thousands I had seen it 4od sheets vound them. ,Th seen lifted right out into the that were half over, with peopl itost of the homes are built of w The burning of Rome, the fire hat city and was working out its En 30urse was not tenable. The wh, *in heaps on the floor, and we left '' WIY married daughters who lived a m 'hill side. We found them all right. a good shake but not much. From this a full viow of the city. The fire was at away. They had begun to use dynamite, the fire came steadily along, helped k breeze from the ocean. People were soon the main streets loaded with bedding. "I trying to move furniture to safe places thought, but the fire warned them to mo Immense warehouses, up to ten and twelve s. high, were in flames. Oh, but it was beginte look like Hell itself. The old and the young, Ipless and so on were to care for. Creeping al tt swept hospitals, churches, rich mansions—all vn id the people came crowding up the hills. Nig on and as we sat on the hill side watching th, demon pursue its relentless course, and listened work of the dynamiters, we could but think this was tragedy indeed. Well, we must seek a , 0 rest, we were all spent. What a sight when t' Ita tnrned out in the morning! The fire had swept . •`-'' "110 rich mansions on Nob Hill out of sight. It had is t a°tne slowly yet surely through half the city, and I the i Zillcl see it circling my home, but it did not reach it. (Frio "gle fire played some strange antics. ,At one time it 'lll' Would seem as if it were going to clear all out in one blast, a trection ; then it would stop and get hold of another efficient I, and so mine escaped. Noyr what we have to 4,llcieulscoarttit, fear is disease. All the mains having burst leaves us once capit ith a water difficulty and makes the imperative cature whit , gernands of nature a sore trouble. standing bat As if all this were not enough the evil elements of to the theroteiy but a other. ~ail Francis ieo came to the front and martial law was willpgoood det, qeclared. Soldiers, marines and police were given a and the attack , Power fearful to think of. No lights allowed in s. si, As housea after dark, no fires to be kindled on the al Sixty issued y towns e r I.* of being shot, dead. Thaga for robbing the dead, against the dang wuot on sight. A: tailor told to do something in the drinks. Yet there !tree% refused, shot dead. A woman persisted in light- still think it f worth i aledndquoteing o ~ ermatienpil lag afire, shot dead. Now, we all light fires in the litreets to cook with, and get the food to conk as we futile arguments. D 1 411. Yesterday I hobbled over a mile to get some private, as against pub, 1a,.-ead the town clerks and tow and then could only get one very small loaf, 3 asc Leeds and L lthongn ti‘ , , I said there were six of us. I turned out Wirmesingham —would hart morning to find food and a kind fellow gave me expenditure of public m orne canned meat. I have to say there is heaps of miftiiiicaluoacceiraehaaldthre)corive now, and the people are behaving as one family, 1 • ' (it shoewps how anxious " the , Cing and taking, helping one another. I want you scheme which may result in A take this letter to the "Examiner," perhaps the I°ill Print it. y intoxicants at all, or imbibing as cannot adversely affect , 47 fingers, niy whole hand indeed, is getting use- Town Councils generally—more of Macclesfield—will pursue th andl must stop writing, the people in the dangers of ale c, WHITHAIf. c % ttclay Morning, April 22nd, 1000. can be no question that public ln demand this and many other prect \ , =, ._ 4 k, 1,

===== 0002601_19060512_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Warrington seems to be a training ground in some respects for other towns to benefit by. We are con- tinually losing promising young men, the latest to go being Mr. Ernest Haigh connected with the Education Department. • *** The musical programme given in the Park during the summer months by our local bands is highly appreciated and the opening of the 190 d season will hailed with pleasure. The first performance will be given on Sunday week (May 20th), by the Vounteer band. .

* * * The Accrington Trades and Labour Council are making an effort to secure the appointment of a number of local Labour men to the borough and county magisterial bench. It Thursday's night's meeting of the Council a number of names of suitable candidates were mentioned.

* * * According to Spiritualism, the spirit in sleep always leaves the body ; the body can rest more completely in all its functions without the presence of the spirit. In sleep, too, the spirit actuallY sees, feels, and hears only it cannot always take back to the bodily memory all its experiences.—lsabella a Blackwood in " Mont* Review." * * * It will be news to most people to learn that the National Liberal Club supplies the present Cabinet. Every member of the Liberal Government belongs to the Chill, 283 M.P.'s and 50 members of the Upper House. The Club is in a very flourishing state, and as a result of the General Election has had an acces- sion of 500 members to its large roll.

_ * * Were it not told by.a. Cleveland hunting yeoman of standing, the following story would invite unbelief. On Sunday his shepherd saw a fox cub come from a covert adjoining a field in which sheep and lambs were, and be suckled by one of the ewes whose lambs had both died. It is supposed that the vixen must have died. He told his master, who disbelieved the ' story, but in the evening he saw the same sight. *s* Judging by the great interest with which Mrs. Leo Grindon's lecture was listened to on Wednesday eivening, Warrington should soon boast numerous " green oases in dingy places." Mrs. Grindon,who is a thorough enthuiast, gave some extremely practical hints which we have no doubt will be readily acted upon by those who are anxious to improve the appear- ance of the town.

._ ** *

The school children are taking up the Beautiful Warrington movement with splendid enthuisiasm and there are no fewer than 2,500 members of the juvenile section. There was quite an encouraging muster of boys and girls at the lecture on Wednesday evening. We wonder whether they will act on Mrs. Leo Grindon's advice and petition the Education Com- mittee to supply creepers for the ornamentation of the school premises. * * Miss Ella Champion, of the Camberwell School of Art, has designed an artistic badge for the Labour party, the central idea of which is a picture illustra- tion of the worlds, "Labour, either of pick, pen, or shovel, is the heart of the world." Will the badge be available for both sections of the Labour party in the House of Commons or will Mi. Keir Hardie and his friends claim it as their own ? . . .

Amateur gardeners who have practised their hobby on the waste ground adjoining the lines between Warrington and Padgate, have certainly imnroved thl appearance of the ground,and will,no doubt,later when the " crops " come up receive the fruits of their labour. Gardening of this nature is a sensible "hobby" for it is not only good for the health, but there is also a reasonable prospect of a fair percentage on the out- lay. The succulent potato appears to be the favourite vegetable, but a few have brightened up their little plots by flowers. * * *

The following exquisite passage on education appeared in the leading article of the "Birmingham Daily Mail" on May Bth :—" The elementary educa i - tion n this country, as we have previously poihted out, is of dual character—Church schools and Board schools. No child is compelled to attend the former kind of schools, and that is why they are known as voluntary schools." We wonder if the office-b wrote the leading article on that day. Such elemen- tary knowledge of elementary education suggests some such solution.

* * * In another colura we are enabled to publiska letter from Mr. Henry Whitham,which tells in vivid language the story of horror from San Francisco. Mr. Whitham and his family are all safe, but we are very sorry indeed to learn that our esteemed correspondent is suffering from a nervous breakdown and has almost lost the use of his legs. The fear that he will be unable to work again must be almost the severest catastrophe of the lot to Mr. Whitham. We hope that the return of normal conditions in the re-constructed city may bring about an improvement in his health. The late Dean of Manchester was well-known in Warrington, and very warmly respected for his rugged honesty and breezy good humour. A fine tribute was paid to his memory by the Bishop of Manchester on Tuesday when he said that their "beloved Dean' was a Lancashire man, baunderstood Lancashire men, and loved the Church of England to the core. "He was one," added his lordship, "whose counsels, whose wisdom, and whose honest and sincere desire to do what was right and just and equitable was a stand-by' to us all, in times of doubt and difficulty." * * * The Railway-station Beautiful is riot quite such 3 long way off as it may seem. The Cheshire Lines Committee have long been known for the interest dis- played in all that relates to the floral decorations of their stations. At the instance of the general manager so we learn from this week's issue of "The Gardener," a large number of ornamental trees and shrubs have been placed on the platforms of and at the entrance to Lord-street, Southport. The arrangement is quite effective, and with the aid of a few hanging baskets this station during the season will be quite in keeping with the beautiful street in which it is situated. When, we may ask, will it be the turn of Warrington Central Station? . .

* * Mrs. Leo Grindon told an amusing story when lecturing under the auspices of the Beautiful War- rington Society on Wednesklav evening. It seems that at certain schools in Manchester the authorities have provided creepers for the beautifying of the walls, and the plants are placed in charge of the scholars. Mrs. Grindon, of course, takes a great interest in this work, and on visiting one of the schools to see how the creepers were progressing she found that some miscreant had dared to pull them up. The children however, hastened to assure her that no scholars from • that school were responsible for the danlage, but that it had been done by boys attending the Sunday school ! So much for religious instruc- tion.

* * * Lord Hugh Cecil is an earnest educationist, but he is an even more earnest High Churchman. We hope the people of Warrington will flock to heo.r him this (Friday) evening. If they are unbiased on the religious question they will probably come away con- vinced that what Lord Hugh Cecil and his followers tnost desire for the elementary scholar is not an efficient grounding in the three R's but the inculcation of their own particular religious dogmas. The sort of school that Lord Hugh really wants was once capitally hit off by " F.O.G. " in, a famous cari- cature which depicted the day school and the Church standing back to back with a door leading from one to the other. Those who go to the meeting to night will probably hear very little about real education, but a good deal about "the sacrednes9 of trust-deeds" and the attack on the Church of England. * * * Sixty towns and cities, including Warrington, have already issued placards warning their inhabitants aaainst the dangers of indulgence of intoxicating drinks. Yet there are certain interested parties who still think it worth while to raise protests against the spending of ratepayers' mons%) for such a purpose, and quote " eminent K.C.'s-" in support of their futile arguments. Da these agitators on behalf of private, as against public interest, 'really believe that the town clerks anti town councils of such important cities as Leeds and Liverpool—to say nothing of Birmingham—would have sanctioned such an illegal expenditure of public money, however ardently the medical officer had recommended his scheme, on behalf of the public health? The objection is frivolous, but it shows how amxious " the trade "is to discredit any scheme which may result in people either taking no intoxicants at all, or imbibing such a limited quantity as cannot adversely affect their health. We hope Town Councils generally—more enlightened than that of Macclesfield—will pursue the policy of educating the people in the dangers of alcoholic excess. There can be no question that public health considerations demand this and many other precautionary measures.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 12, 1906.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

NEW WORKS FOR WIDNES.

-- • • • Widnesians will be glad to hear that a new works is about to be started in Widnes. The name of the firm is Greensvay Brothers, of Bilston, near Wolverhampton. They are manufacturers of galvanised iron, and will employ between one and two hundred men. They have taken over the VicOaria Chemical Works, lately occu- pied by Bowman and Co. SUDDEN DEATHS AT WIDNES.

John Ryan, an elderly man, who resided at 44, Bridge. street, Widnes, was found dead in bed at seven o'clock on Monday morning. He bad been suffering from bronchitis for some time and had been attended by Dr. Hutchinson.—John Jones, a young ex-soldier, who resided with his married sister at 3, Travis-street, Widnes,lslied suddenly on Monday morning about nine o'clock. He had complained of feeling ill since Satur- day but nothing serious was anticipated. He had not deen medically attended SMART FINES FOR WIDNES YOUTHS. At Widnes, on Monday morning, Sarnael Bott, Beau mout-street, I Thomas M'Neese, Viaduct-street, and Alfred Stokes, Back James-street, were charged with stealing a bag, value 4d., the property of Thomas Gerrard, sod also with stealing a quantity of scrap iron value Is. 6d. the property of the Hutchinson trustees, from the Widnes Dock. M'Neese stole the bag from Gerrard's ofrice,and all went down to the dock and took the iron. All pleaded guilty, and were lined 10s. and costs for stealing the bag, and 21 each for participating in the iron theft.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
LICENSING BUSINESS AT RUNCORN.

The following licences were transferred at the Run- corn Sessions on Monday: Royal Hotel from George Curzon to Matthew Macdonald; Boat House Inn from Alfred James to Charles Baker ; Camden Hotel from Alfred Curzon to Richard Marshall ; Foresters Arms from Margaret Ann Forshaw to Harry Warburton ; and Rutters Vaults from Henry Shepherd to James Brad- ley. Temporary authority was granted to Patrick Regan to sell at the Brunswick Vaults in lien of Charles Baker Pugh.—Mr. F. A. Lake, on behalf of Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Company applied for sanction to structural alterations to the Anchor Inn, George Horse- field, licensee.—Mr. Fred Broady, the company's agent. said it was proposed to convert three detached stables into one seven stall stable. There would be no increase of the drinking facilities.—lnspector Egerton raised no objection and the application was granted.—Mr. W. H. :Tones, agent for Messrs. Peter Walker and Sons, applied for sanction to structural alterations at the Man at the Wheel. He said it was proposed to use a store room as a club room.—Mr. F. J. Jones, architect, Runcorn, sub- mitted the plan, and on the understanding that the room would be used only by members of the club the applica- tion was granted. WIDNES COUNCIL. r SCAVENGERS: THEIR WORK AND PAY. The Mayor (Alderman S. Qiunn) presided over the. monthly meeting of Widnes Council held on Tuesday. —On the Health Committee minute., Mr. Boyle drew attention to the nightsoil men. He stated that they worked an eight hours' night at the rate of 4s. a night. Judging fronuthe character of their work, he did not see that they received remunerative wages, and he should suggest an increase of Is. per shift. He also, argued that it cost a man on night work more to live than one on day work. In answer to this, Mr. Hemingway stated that the men never complained about their work, and the Committee judged from this that they were well satisfied.— Alderman S. Owens. in moving the adoption of the Finance Committee's minutes, said that the committees estimated an expenditure for the year of £17,336, as against £17,390 last year. Economical working had saved on last year's working £205; so that instead of the general district rate being 2s. 10d. in the pound, they would only levy a rate of 2s. 9d. The Highway Committee was the only one that bad overspent, and this, he said, augured well for the committees' economy. One of the items showed a marked decrease in hospital maintenance, where the coat had been materially reduced, whilst the number of patients slightly exceeded those attended to in previous y•ars (hear, hear).—Mr. Welding asked if the Corporation I would obtain a dividend from the Transporter Bridge Company this year, to which Alderman Owens replied ' that he hoped that in his estimate for next year some funds from that source would be included, but he could not promise them any this year.—The Mayor jocularly reminded Mr. Welding to ask the same question next year to the day.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ST, HELENS.

ST. HELENS PUBLIC BATHS.

The St. Helens Water Committee on Wednesday ap- proved the estimate for the coming year,under which it is proposed to charge the rates with £SOO for the Boundary- road Baths and £:334 for the Warrington-road Baths, the figures in each case being less than last year. NEW RIFLE RANGE AT ST. HELENS.

The St. Helens Volunteers are erecting a new minia- ture rifle range in their drill field at headquarters. The new range is of the latesG safety pattern, with side and top shields, which render it perfectly sife. and it is laid out for distances corresponding to no, 500, and 600 yards.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
LARGE SEWAGE SCHEME.

The St. Helens Health Committee on Wednesday con- sidered the plans for the new scheme of main sewers for Derbyshire Hill, Parr, Fleet-lane, Sutton, and Marshall's Cross, which have been prepared by Mr. G. J. C. Broom, the borough surveyor. The scheme is estimated to cost £48,000. After a lengthy discussion the plans were passed.

TARTS AND BOOTS, STOLEN. At St. Helens, on Wednesday, s, youth named Ernest P. Gamer, of 16, Twyford-street, admitted a theft from the house of Mrs. Allen, a next-door neighbour. Mrs. Allen said that on Monday morning last,about five o'clock, she was awakened by the noise of the back door closing. She went downstairs, but found all right, except that they had forgotten to lock the door. Later she missed some tarts and a pair of boots, and gave infortuation at Dromgoole's pawnshop, where the lad afterwards tried to pledge the boots. Garner said he stole the things because he had nothing to eat. The magistrates said they would give the lad a chance, and he was bound over to come up for judgment. ST. HELEN'S YOUTH'S SLEEP-WALKING

--•— Thomas WCormick, a young man, of 64, Bold-street. made an enterprisine sort of defence on Tuesday when charged before the St. Helen's magistrates with being drunk and disorderly the previous evening. He said the constable only found him in their backyard. He went up to bed, but must have got up in his sleep and have fallen through the window, and the policeman happened to be there. The duief Constable said M'Cormick had been convicted seventeen times, and was a very bad lot. The beach inflicted a fine of 14s. or fourteen days for the drunkenness, and ordered M'Cormick to and sureties for three months or go to gaol for twenty-eight days.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
HUSBAND AND WIFE SENTENCED.

A case of theft, in which there were a number of painful circumstances, was tried at St. Helens on Satur- day, when John and Mary A. Leyland were the prisoners. The evidence was that the man and woman took apartments at 59, Brook-street, and stayed there for a fortnight. They disappeared on the morning of Saturday, the lith ult., when it was found that a large number of articles had been stolen and pawned. The woman was arrested in Castleford(Yorkshire) on Wednesda.y,and the man at a glassworks at Conisborough the following day. Mrs.Leyland.the mother,gave evidence to the effect that the husband was very lazy and wonld not work,and thathis wife had been practically starving during the twelve months she had been married to him.—Leyland said he worked at a local glass bottle works up to three months ago.—The Chief Constable said both defendants had been convicted, and the man's employers said be was a most worthless character, and too lazy for them to think of giving him a chance of working for thorn again.—They were each sentenced to two months. ST. HELENS MAY DAY SHOW.

The annual show and competition for horses and i turnouts took place at St. Helens on Saturday in some- what unfavourable weatber. The tradesmen of the town turned out in good numbers, and there was a great num- ber of Corporation horses and vehicles. The Mossbank Prize Band played seleotions in front of the Town Hall. The procession afterwards paraded the town.—Colonel W. W. Pilkington gave a silver cup for the cleanest and neatest turnout for heavy horses. Mr. Joseph Apple- ton gave a cup for light horses, and the St. Helens Farriers' Association also gave a cup. Mr. J. Willis was again the chairman of the committee, with Mr. W. Wilding treasurer,, and 'Mr. W. H. Perkins secretary. The judging of the various classes was very satis- factorily carried out by Messrs. Joseph Birchall, W. Middlehnrst, T. Smith, J. Lowe, J. Leather (Di tton), W. Walkin (Upton), J. Pemberton (Kirby), Dean, Swales, Warburton and Morris.— Messrs. Pilkington's dappled mare won the cup for heavy hOrses, the driver being J. Moore. Mr. W. 'Forster won the Farriers' Cup for the best horse in the show, and Mrs. Kerr the cup for light horses. Awards— Corporation : Heavy horses, C. Fell ; light, T. Moly- news. Railways : First in each class. London and North-western Railway (drivers, W. Birch and J. Grundy). Brewers: Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co. won in both classes (dr)vers, Gibbon, Rigby and Ashcroft). Metal trades: 1 and 2in heavy horses, Holman, Mitchell, and Co. ; singles, Messrs. Pilkington Bros. (driver, J. Moore). Coal merchants: 19 P. Hilton (driver, Joseph Hankoy). Builders: 1, Heaton Bros. (driver, Richard Jones.) Carriers : Doubles, T. Ball ; singles, C. Twist. Farmers : 1, James Pemberton. Corn dealers : Doubles and singles, Jose ptt Appleton. Car proprietors : Doubles and singles. E. and A. Birchall. Tradesmen: Heavy. Joseph Barber ; light, T. Walsh, Ironmongers, itc.; 19 John Wilson. Dairy- men : 1, W. Fairclough. Private turnouts : 1, William Forster.—The judges wore subsequently enter- tained to dinner at the Fleece Hotel, when the Mayor (Mr. H. Martin) presided, and presented the prizes to the successful competitors. Congratulatory speeches and an interesting programme followed.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

EARLESTOWN GROCERS' ASSOCIATION.

The general meeting of the above Association was held on Tuesday last week in the smoke room at the Town Hall. There was a very good attendance. Mr. R. Molyneux (President) in the chair, welcomed Mr. Ireland (Howe and Co.) as a new member. It was resolved that the L. and N.-W. Railway Company be asked to issue market tickets from Golborn, Lowton, St. Helens Junction and Collins Green at reduced fares as is now done with other towns; also to ask the South Lancashire Tramway Co. to run their motor bus to Earlestown, instead of only to Newton, which, it was considered, would benefit the town generally.

EDUCATION BILL PROTESTS. Protest meetings against the Education Bill were held in Earlestown and district last week. On Wednesday night a numerously attended public meeting was held in Wagrave Schools,to. discuss the education proposals of His Majesty's Government. Mr.W.Collingwood presided, supported by the Rector (Rev. J. Carson, M.A.), Messrs. J. Alderson Smith (Liverpool), R. S. Norman, F.G.S., W. W. Thompson, J. P. Oubridge, Erm. On Thursday night a public meeting was held in the National School. at Ilaydocir, Mr. C. R. Pilkington presiding, supported by the Vicar, Messrs. L. E. Pilkingtou, Robinson and J. H. Bottomley. The usual resolutions were proposed and carrid at each mooting.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. F. GLOVER.

The death took place on Saturday April 28th, at 22, Earle-street, Earlestown, of Mr. F. Glover, at the age of 65 years. The deceased had been for 38 )years in the employ of the London and North-Western Railway Company (Wagon Department), and for 35 years was an inspector of rolling stock in the north-western district. He was much esteemed by the chief officers of the com- pany and his fellow workers. Mr. Glover was a quiet, methodical man, whose genial friendship was a pleasure to all who knew him. He was a member of the Loyal Viaduct Lodge of Oddfellows, and was associated with the social rather than the political side of the Conservative Club. The funeral took place in wet weather on Wednesday afternoon, the coffin and hearse being covered with beautiful floral tributes. The Odd fellows were represented by Messrs. J. IV. .Thorp, P.P.G.M.'s T. Tuustall, W. Sutton, and P. Connor D.G.M. W. Devereux, P.O. Lomas, NO. J. Monks. The Conservative Club delegates included Messrs. IV. Sutton, W. Pilling, J. Smith, W. A. Mawdsley, T. Bowes and G. Bailey. Rev. A. Ainley officiated. The funeral arrangements were in the hands of Mr. H. Walton, Cross-lane. MEDICAL OFFICER'S QUARTERLY REPORT. Dr. H. E. Watkins, medical officer of health for Newton-in-Makerfisld, in the course of his report on the health of the township for the first quarter of the year stated that there were registered during the quarter 122 births-77 males and 45 females—and 65 deaths, giving a natural increase of 57 for the quarter. 1 baring the quarter 35 cases of infectious diseases were notified, these being equal to an infectious sick-rate of , 7.3 ; for last quarter the rate was 1736, and for the first quarter of 1905. 10.28. The health of the district had again improved. Nearly all the rates were lower this quarter than last. Most gratifying were the lowering in the infantile mortality, zymotic death and sick rates. The birth-rate was considerably lower ; in the first and second quarters of the year it was usually highest. The death-rates concerning phthisis and other respiratory diseases were higher, but not unusually so for the first quarter. The changes in the rates from last quarter were as follows :—Birth-rate decreased from 31.51 to 25.47 ; death-rate decreased from 1457 to j 3.57; infantile death-rate decreased from 136.05 to 106-5 ; zymotio death-rate decreased from 2'14 to .41 ; phthisis death-rate increased from .61 to 1.87 • respiratory death-rate increased from 2.14 to 375. 'ln regard to scarlet fever he was happy to be able to report a great improvement during the quarter. Measles, which almost disappeared from the township in the early part of the last quarter, appeared in the Wargrave Ward late in this quarter and had assumed epidemic proportions NIEETLNG OF THE NEWTON URBAN COUNCIL - - •

The monthly meeting of the Newton Urban Council was held on gonday evening. Mr. T. Ormand presided and there were also present : Dr. Patterson, Messrs. A. Smith, L. E. Pilkington, M. Seton, J. N. Siddeley, F. Harwood, E. T. Evans, C. B. F. Borron, G. F. Clarke, C. Cole (clerk), R. T. Suttees (water engineer), A. Bowes (surveyor). The Chairman announced with feelings of deep regret the death of Mr. W. Gorse, an official of the Council in the collector's office, which occurred late on Sunday night. The late Mr. Gorse had been a Council official for over nine years, and they now recognized the loss of a faithful and trustworthy servant. But if they felt their loss so keenly what would it mean to the widow and Sour children! The members would all agree that the bereaved widow should be accorded their cordial sympathy and covadolence, and he moved a resolution of condolence. The motion was passed in silence.—On the proposition of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. Smith, Mr. N. Siddeley was unanimously appointed overseer in the place endered vacant by the death of Mr. Simpson.— Sub-committees were appointed as follows: -Gas Sub- committee: Messrs. Ormand, Borron, Clarke, Colling wood, Harwood, Patterson and Thompson; Water: Messrs. Borron, Ormand, Clarke,Collingwood, Harwood, Naylor, Patterson, L. E. Pilkington and Thompson; Highways: Messrs. Ormand, Collingwood, Borron, Clarke, Harwood, Patterson. Satan, Siddel,ey, Smith and Thompson ; Sanitary: Messrs. Ormand, Smith, Borron, Clarke, Collingwood. Evans, Harwood, Patterson, Setae, Siddeley and Thompson ; General Purposes: Messrs. Orrnand, Bent, Clarke, Collingwood, Evans Harwood and Siddley ; Library ; Messrs. Ormand, Borron, Clarke, Evans, Patterson, Siddeley, Smith and Thompson; Electrical Supply and Tramways : Messrs. Ormand, Clarke, Borron, Collingwood and Patterson.— At the General Purposes Committee meeting on April 23rd the Chairman reported upon his interviews with Mr. A. C. Leslie regarding the site for the erection of the library and the technical school, and as to the terms upon which he, on behalf of Lord Newton, was willing to lease such landas might be required in excess of that promised to be given by Lord Newton as the library site; and submitted a letter which he had received from Mr. Leslie on the subject. It was resolved that the Council be recommended to accept (subject to confirmation by the County Council), the terms named in Mr. Leslie's letter of April 9th,and that Chairman be requested to express to Mr. Leslie the committee's appreciation of his kindness in the matter, and of the handsome manner in which Lord Newton, through him, had met them.—The minutes were approved.

WOMEN'S AFFLICTIONS. Many Ladies Say VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC Is " Magic Itself." SYMPTOMS. 1. Do you feel as though something was pressing down on the top of your bead? 2. Have you aching pains in the back? Do your ankles swell when you stand for a time? 3. Have you palpitation of the heart with a dull pain under the heart? 4. Do you feel an aching pain between the shoulders or shooting pains in the head and face? 5. Are you excitable and nervous? 6. Is your appetite poor? Do you pass sleepless nights? Are you easily tired? Do you feel low-spirited? 7. Do you feel a dragging down feeling with pains in the limbs? 8. Do you suffer from habitual constipation and female weakness ? If so, VEND'S SEAWEED TONIC will cure you. It has cured many ladies who had suffered many years. All these symptoms indicate a derangement of the whole vital organism. There is something wrong. VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC will put you right. It cures by acting constitutionally, by regulating and bringing into a normal condition the whole vital system. It is pleasant to take, effective in action, and permanent in the results obtained.

VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC is guaranteed to cure ailments arising from the STOMcfT LIVER, KIDNEYS, and BLOOD, especially successful in female ailments and constipation. A valuable hook accompanies each bottle. Price Is. lcl. and :N. 9d. per bottle, at Chemists and Drug Stores.

Walkers Brewery Band Entertained. The band and choir of Messrs. Peter Walker and Son were, on Saturday evening, enterained by the firm to an excellent dinner at the Lion Hotel. Coun- cillor Fulton Smith presided, and was supported by Alderman Francomb, Mr. John Wells, Mr Peter Wells, Mr. Westcott, Mr. Chas. Holland, Mr. Geo. Johnson, , and others. The toast of " Success to the Brewery Band and choir" was heartily drunk on the proposi- tion of Councillor Fulton Smith. Alderman Francomb in proposing " Success to the firm of Messrs. Peter Walker and Son," said he waS sure no toast would be redeived by them with greater satisfaction. Music was the only thing they read of in the Bible that was to follow them in the world to come. They had of 1 late heard a great deal about the education question. I He did not wish to introduce politics, but he could not I understand anyone wishing to banish religion from the 1, schools. (Applause.) It was said that parents were ; the proper peopte to teach religion. Well, perhaps ; they were, but after a man had been working ten or I twelve hours a day, he had not much heart to begin and teach religion. Impressions made in early youth lasted for ever, and they would, therefore, see how important it was that their children should be pro- perly trained. During the evening an admirable pro- gramme of music was gone through, Mr. Taylor officiating as accompanist on the piano. The artistes I all of whom met with great success were Messrs. T. ; Dooley, Westcott, James Emson, L. Aukland and Grounds.

The sheath-knives that most sailors carry with them are, it is said, so highly magnetised as to be capable, if brought within 181 n. of the compass, or deflecting the needle quite two points either way. It is suggested that no man should be allowed to wear one of these knives while steering a vessel or on the look-out in the bridgehouse.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Index to Inside Pages.

- -2: "A Son of Empire." Woman's Chat. Trades Council. 3. Education Question. Our Local Churches. Police News. Woman's Realm. G. " Our Clever Doctor," by Lucy Hardy. Bowling: Works Draw. Children's Corner. 7. Bands' Association Meeting. Science Notes. Cycling Gossip. I Notice. The Warrington "Examiner" is now published on Friday afternoon, price one penny, and is on sale at the various newsagents at about 4 o'clock. Should lany difficulty be experienced in getting the paper the proprietors will undertake to deliver a copy at any address in Warrington by 5 o'clock on Friday after- noon without extra charge. Address all communica, tions to" Examiner Office, " Bewsey-street Warrington GARLA.ND 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. STILL LEADING, the "HERALD" KITCHEN RANGES and " PRVERIL "FIRE GRATES Sole Agent.—J.S. I Coming Events. The CorporatiOn Bowling Green in Victoria Park will be opened on May 19th. A three days' bazaar in connection with the Elles- mere-str- et Wesleyan Mission will be held in the Bold-street Wesleyan schoolroom on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday next. The opening ceremonies will be performed respectively by Mrs. R. Garnett, Mr. E. J. Welford (Lymm), and Mr. J. B. Isaac. Numerous attractions will be provided. As will be seen from our advertising columns a mass meeting of Churchpeople will be held in the Parr Hall to-night to protest against the Education Bill. The speakers will include Lord Hugh CeciLthe Bishop of Liverpool,and the Ven. Archdeacon Madden I An exhibition of pictorial photographs and lantern slides promoted by the Warrington Photographic Society will be opened in the Museum Art Gallery on Thursday next and will continue until Friday, the 25th inst. Some admirable specimens of ne photo- graphic art will be on view, and the exhibition promises to be a great success. A special feature: will be six specimens of the work of Alvin Langdon Coburn, an American pictorial photo- grapher -A ho has come across the Atlantic with an already-made reputation, and who has had the honour of holding a "one man " show at the Liverpool Photographic Society's rooms and previously at the Royal Photographic Society's rooms in London. The interest of his exhibition has been enhanced by an introduction to the catalogue of his pictures written by Mr. G.. Bernard Shaw, himself an amateur photographer, in a characteristically humorous vein. There will be selections of music at intervals and the lecture room will be utilized as a tea room. Alderman Bennett will open the exhibition.

Tyldesley Eisteddfod. At the Tyldesley Eisteddfod hekl last Saturday Master Charles Eckersley pupil of Mr. Charles Henry Dawson, 28, Arthur-street, gained the prize in the Piano Solo Competition.

Licensing Changes. At the Borough Police Court, on Monday, Mrs. Watkins, was granted the transfer of the licence of the White Hart Hotel, Sankey-street, to her from her lato husband. The off-licence at 80, Be wsey-road, was transferred from James Ashton to Jahn Jamas Booth, an iron-worker.

Mr. Oswald Garside. Mr. Oswald Garside, a former student under Mr. Aylward and winner of a F.,60 scholarship, has just had one picture hung in the Academy, two in the Royal Institute, and two in the Salon in Paris, which was recently visited by the King.

Mr. Brodrick to Visit Warrington. The annual conference of the Lancashire and Cheshire Federation of 'Workingmen's Conservative Associations, which is to take place at Warrington on the 19th inst., will be addressed by the Right Hon. St. John Brodrick.

Sankey Bridges Wesley Guild. ' A" ramble "to Lynam had been arranged by this Guild for last Saturday, but the pleasure of the out- ing was marred by the unfavourable weather. About fifty journeyed to the pretty Cheshire village by 'bus and on arriving partook of tea in the Primitive Methodist schoolroom. Afterwards a social was held, games &a., being indulged in with zest.

, GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-st., Warrington.—Advt. Six-Gum:. OYU, RS. Excellent value. Call and inspect.—J. S. GARLAND,SI to 55, Bridge-Bt.—Advt. The Infirmary Extension. The subscriptions to date, for the Infirmary Exten- sion Scheme, just exceed £4,000, We would remind our readers that a sum of ,t 15,000 is altogether required, so that a generous consideration of the claims of the institution on the public is imperative if its usefulness is to be maintained. Subscriptions may be sent to Mr. W. Peter Rylands, or Mr. George Dakin. County Water Polo. The Council of the Lancashire County Association met at the Mitre Hotel oft Tuesday night, Mr. A Caton (Blackburn), president, in the chair. The principal business was the allocation of the La,nca- shire v. Staffordshire and Lancashire v. Cheshire matches, and these were apportioned to Blackburn and Warrington respectively, both matches to be played on ' or before August 4.

I Accident In Sankey-street. 'A somewhat serious accident occurred in Sankey- street on Saturday night a young man named Samuel Thompson, residing at Moore, and formerly of Run- corn, was riding a bicycle along the thoroughfare and when passing in front of one of Mr. E. Connor'a 'buses I the machine skidded, and he was thrown under the horses. The front off-side wheel of the bus passed over his leg, causing a deep cut in the calf. He was taken to the Infirmary, whero the wound was dressed. He was detained in the institution. LAWN TENNIS, CROQUET, and other outdoor sports,—J. S. GARLAND, 51,Bridge-st.—Adyt. P S A. Society Meetings. i The weekly Meeting of the Warrington Society was held in the Co-operative Hall,Sankey-street, on Sanday and was well attended. Mr. David Owen presided, Mr. C. M. Clarke spoke upon " Christ the centre of all knowledge." Mr. Stanley Garnet acted as accom- panist. Mr. R. Nelson and ldr. T. Taker tool part in what proved to be a very helpful meeting. An open meeting of the Buckley-street Society attracted a large congregation. Mr. W. Shaw occupied the chair and based his remarks on "The foundation of P.S.A.. Societies." The speaker, Mil. Harding, of Farnworth, gave an address on " Christian happiness." The Legh- street Quartette Party contributed The Lord is my Shepherd " and " God so loved the -world." 'Miss M. Plinston accompanied at the organ. Mr. W. Gleave read the lesson,

CRAWFORD'S

CREAM

===== 0002601_19060512_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
PAGE.

CRISP AND 7 CR EMI V .

CRACKERS.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAUTIFUL WARRINGTON. ---- 1 44 How -to make Green Oases in Dingy Places."

Gratifying evidence of the progress of the Beautiful Warrington movement was afforded by the large attend- ance at the Co-operative Hall on Wednesday evening when Mrs. Leo Grindon, of Manchester, delivered a highly interesting lecture on " How to make green oases in dingy places." The hall was quite filled, the audience including many members of the juvenile section and a good muster of day school teachers. Canon MORLEY STEVENSON presided and said they were looking forward to holding their annual meeting on June 27th, and he thought he might say withont any too confident boasting, that they would be able to pre- sent a very creditable account of the work of the Society in its fitst year. (Applause.) They bed 2,500 members in the day schools of Warrington, and in that connection he wanted to make a little appeal to the generosity of some of their friends. Those 2,500 children each wanted a plant. They were prepared to provide the pots, but the Society was pledged to find the plants and would find them. At the same time he thought there must be many of their friends with large gardens who would be able to spare a few plants for that pur- pose. In that event. the Society would be extremely grateful if they would communicate with the Secretary (Mr. J. Fairhurst). They hoped in the month of July to have theii• first flower show, not so much with the object of providing a display of magnificent plants, but to show what people could do in their own homes and gardens. With regard to the subject of the lecture, they who lived in smoky towns—which still were smoky though they hoped they would not be for long— wanted to knew what sort of plants they could best grow, how they could best grow them, and to what best advantage they could lay out their garden plots and arrange their window boxes. He did not think they could find anybody in this part of England who conld help them to answer those questions better than Mrs. Leo Grindon. Her name was a household word in Man- chester for the promotion of all that had to do with the growth and beauty of plants and the cultivation of plants in the most unlikely surroundings. If they had had the opportunity of seeing, as he had a short time ago, Mrs. Grindon's back garden in the heart of Man- chester and inspectirv, the really wonderful things that were growing in it, they would understand that she her- self had solved the problem and was therefore the best person to help them to solve it. (Applause.) Mrs. LEO GRINDON prefaced her lecture by describing how she had tended hsr own garden in Manchester. When the late Mr. Leo Grindon—of whose great hive of plants and flowers they would have heard—became too feeble:to visitithe parks he set to work to make a garden in the back yard and in the course of one season it was made so pretty that they could not only sit there in comfort but have their meals in it. That garden was practically in the heart of Manchester, and what could be done in one season there could certainly be done in other people's back yards. It seemed to her a remark- ably happy thing that so many people should have gathered tegetber in Warrington to find out how they might cultivate beauty, for after all there was no greater thing in the whole world than beauty. In work of this kind it was impossible for one person to accomplish much. It was by the united I efforts of a large number that the goal could be attained. When starting upon a fresh undertaking it seemed to her well to bear in mind the story of the talents as told in the Bible for there was nothing more encouraging. They in Manchester, Warrington and I other places had only the one talent but because they could only cultivate a few pretty things and not as Imany as the people who lived in better surround- ' logs, they had despised it. The one talent had been so far forgotten that the cry now was that 1 they had no talent at all and no chance of growing anything. The majority said there was no possibility of green lanes in towns. They must wait a bit and not be so sure of what they could not do. Nature, that ' dear old mother, never wholly forsook the homes of those who loved her. They might get as beautiful green growth in the heart of a city as could be found anywhere. Mrs. Grindon instanced hew in a small back yard off Deansgate, Manchester, a splendid creeper might be seen growing from a window box. Mrs. Grindon advised her hearers to commence their efforts at beautifying by growing the Virginian creeper. Thererwas no drawback whatever to the cultivation of that plant which was grown in great profusion in London. That was the creeper she wanted everyone present to start growing the following day. The creeper was the easiest and quickest in its growth, and could be obtained for 4d., sd. or 6d. As a second plant she advised common ivy which would add much to the beauty of a house, and as a third the dicentra or close clinging creeper. It was also well to try a root of hops as in some places that could he more advantageously grown than the others. Mrs.Grindon gave some useful hints as to the care of the plants, pointing out the great importance of watering them freely. She also showed how window boxes could be used to the best effect. She gave the names of a large number of the hest flowers for cultivation, including the monkshood, yellow evening primrose, London pride, hollyhock, sun- flower, French marigold, primroses, rock plants, &c. The elder, she said. could also be trained to grow against the wall with beautiful effect. Mrs. Grindon concluded a very practical lecture by expressing the hope that Ina year or two her hearers would invite her to drive round to their back gardens and see the pro- gress they had made. (Applause.) Miss BESSIE DUTTON moved a vote of thanks to Mrs. Grindon for her eminently useful lecture. She said that Mrs. Grindon would no doubt from the bent of her intellect have many temptations to go rather !above them, but she had net done so in the least. She had come down to their level and had given them practical knowledge which they would be glad to put into use. She hoped all the children present would try and culti- vate some flowers. Miss Dutton instanced how when she lived in Liverpool she was connected with a Widow Gardening Society which did s splendid work, distribut- ing plants which the people cultivated and then holding an exhibition in St. George's Hall. Mrs. GARNETT seconded and expressed her pleasure at seeing so many young people present. The Penketh and Sankey Window and Cottage Garden Society had been trying io interest children in the work, and she hoped that in Warrington the children- would be able to take a great part in the forthcoming flower show. As regarded the growth of creepers, that was one of the things she had been struggling for in the Penketh neighbourhood for some time arid this year she had added a little prize for the best creepers. She had also been putting in a very strong plea for the planting of trees. They had not, however, as many trees'at Fenketh as they had at Stockton Heath. (Laugh- ter.) She thought landlords and farmers were rather to blame for the scarcity because in widening roads and straightening fences they often cut down trees. Whether they would get trees in the streets of Warrington she did not know. Perhaps they would when the streets were 'widened. She hoped there would be no opposi- tion to it. A tradesmen told her he had been opposed in the matter of putting in the streets tubs containing shrubs, but she thought the town might be much improved in that way. They had the shrubs in front of Widnes Town Hall. and if they could be grown there was ought to have them too. (Applause). The vote of thanks was accorded with great heartiness Mrs. DRTNDON, in responding, said she wanted the school children to join in sending a request to the Education Committee that they might have their school walls planted with creepers. That had been done at some of the Manchester schools, and each plant was placed in charge of a certain scholar. ,

===== 0002601_19060512_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTOTS NEXT AMATEUR OPERC

lolanthe.

THE CAST AND THE CHORUS.

The Warrington Musical Society's fonrth venture into the realm of light opera will he made with " Inlanthe "at the Parr Hall in October next. This is Gilbert and Sullivan's Fairy Opera and its production, from both a musical and a spectacular point of view,may therefore be expected to have grace and daintiness as Its chief characteristics. These qualities we have no doubt will he attained tinder the executive manage- ment of the Opera Committee who have carriei three preceding enterprises to so successful n conclusion. The rehearsals of " Inlanthe " commenced on Tuesday evening at the Cairo-street schools on which occasion there was a frill gathering of principals and chorus under Mr. Crossley's baton. Whilst many well-known names appear in this year's cast and chorus, the names of several ladies and gentlemen new to Warrington opera performances will be noticed in the complete list of those taking part which, by the courtesy of Mr. J. Newcombe the Hon. Sec., we are able to append. DRAMATIS PERSON.E. The Lord Chancellor .. Mr. C. P. Gough. Earl of Mountararat Earl Tolloller Private Willis Mr. Gee. Clay. Strephon Mr. P. Pieldhouse. Queen of the Fairies Miss Garnett Ball. Tolanthe Miss Mabel Henshall. Celia Miss Marie Houghton. Leila Mrs. C. Garton Stone. Meta Miss Alice Daunt. Phyllis THE CHORUS. Miss Baxter, Miss L. 'Riffles, Miss Boyle,Miss Bridge, Miss Crompton. Miss Fairclnugh, Mrs. Hannan, Miss Havionr, Miss Ribbed, Miss Hipkiss, Mrs. Hope, Miss L.lcester, Miss Morris, Miss Owen. Miss L. Pigot, Miss Povey, Miss Irene Roberts, Miss E. Taylor, Miss A. Wallington, Miss A. Warren and Miss M. Warren. Mr. J. Burn, Mr. R. E. Burt, Mr. N. Cook, Mr. T. Evans, Mr. R. Fairclougb, Mr. J. E. George, Mr. E. T. Guest, Mr. J. E. Hannan,Mr. Humphrevs,Mr. Hustable, Mr. J. Lee, Mr, W. Moores. Mr. W. Moundeld, Mr. J. Parkinson, Mr. A. E. Perkins, Mr. Shaw, Mr. R. H. Sikock,Mr. G. H. Smitb,Mr. J. Strange, Mr, H. Taylor, I Mr. W. H. Wallington, and Mr. Hibbert.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES, ON GAMES AND ATHLETIC& Cricket.

So far this season cricket locally has been very flat, not through the fault of players, but because the climatic conditions have been such that all the earlier matches have had to be abandoned. The works com- petition opens this (Friday) evening, and will witness ' a new and interestiQg departure in local cricket circles. There is no doubt as to the games being productive of excitement if not of scientific cricket, as each team is to bat for an equal length of time, the team with the highest total to be the winner. This promises to effec- tually put a stop to tedious stone walling, and as hard hitting will be the order, the games should be brief and breezy. The teams which meet to-night are Greenall Whitley and ‘Thitecross.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

Bowling opens in earnest to-day (Saturday) and in connection with the %Works Competition a highly successful season is anticipated. The interest in the contest has increased and Via number of entries has advanced from 27 to 34 teams; while about 800 players have registered their names. To-day's matches in the first round should produce close finishes. P. and K.. (N 0.3 team) should qualify for the succeeding stages of the contest at the expense of Thewlis and Griffiths and it is probable that Monks' Hall (No. 2) will be knocked out of the running by 'Wands' (No. 2) The severest struggle will be between Hutchings and Fletchers (N 0.2 and it is difficult to forecast the victor though Fletchers' are rather the fancied team.

-_ __

The proposal of the Warrington and District League to this season, arrange an extended competition on the knock out principle has met with approval but not with support. The outside clubs which have been approached' have all agreed as to the excellence of the idea but unfortunately few have been able to see their way to join in the contest. It is now a question as to whethe with the limited number of clubs ideutifted (7) with the league, it would nut be better to continue on the old league lines. Certainly the contest would be more interesting than on the knock out rule but there is a feeling that the new idea is the best as by its adoption the greens will not be so frequently closed to bowlers who are not on the teams.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

Warrington cyclists, who have beau devotees of the pastime ten years or more will be pleased to hear again of " Jack "Waddington. At one time he was the best- known distance rider in the district and had a shop in St. James-street. He was a regular attendant of the Warrington C.C.'s club runs, and aas one of that type of rider whom nothing could dismay. On Saturday "Jack "turned out in the Manchester Wheelers Fifty miles time trial,and the conditions being at their worst he naturally came in first, and did the fastest time.

His time of 2hr. 50min. 41sec, must be accounted one of the best performances of his long career as a road rider, considering the day. The ,econd fastest time was made by J. Taylor, with 2hr. 53min., and he would more than likely have finished first but for a puncture, the repairing of which delayed him at least six minutes The scratch men, F. C. Llwcack and F. Currie, had the misfortune to puncture after going only a few miles. The following are the placings and times : . I-reap Riding H'cap allow'ce. time. time. Mins. Hrs. M. S. Hrs. M. S. J. Waddington P. Bagnlev G. B. Fidler J. Taylor .J. F. Skinner

===== 0002601_19060512_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Association Football.

Commenting on the tlnal for the " obser7er " Cup Mr. A, Kingscott, the internltioni.l referee, said that some of the players, whose names he did not mention, were fit to figure in first-class engtgernents. One of these, Thomason, the Oughrington Park full back, has since been appro.iched and signei on as an arnatenr by the Derby County directors. lir will be given his trial with the Derby County team in August.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. BARNABAS' CHURCH.

Sale of Work in Aid of the Extension

Fund.

The Assembly Room at the Conservative club pre- sented a pleasing scene on Wednesday afternoon when a two days sale of work in aid of the St. Barnabas' Church extension fund was opened by Mrs. John White. Thanks to the efforts of a willing band of workers, the room had been very tastefully decorated and the stalls, which were laden with a groat variety of useful and fancy wares, were attractively arranged. The object of the sale was one which specially commended itself to the support of the parishioners. Although of late years many improvements hive been effected in the interior arrangements of the church, the building still remains lin an unfinished state. It was felt that the time had arrived for the raising of the nucleus of an extension fund and the proceeds of the sale will be devoted to that purpose. New features of the sale were two splendid stalls provided by the members of the Bible classes who had been very active in collecting a line display of articles. The following is a list of the stall-holders :—Refreshment stall,lfesdames F. Jones, W.Jones,Grounds,T.Proud,Greenhalgh,Woodcock,Misses 1 Gerrard,E. and S. Whitehouse, and Grounds ; toy stall, Misses Fry and Miss Cole ; No.l work stall, Mrsiddon, 11 Mrs. John McDowell, Miss Short : No. 2 work stall, I Mesdames Connell, Birchall J. Glassbrook and Miss Bolton ; No. 3 work stall. Mesdames Hollingworth, Dowling and Gregory; No. 4 work stall, Mesdames, Evans, Allen, Bra,cegirdle, and Glassbrook ; young men's Bible class stall, Mrs. Morgan, Miss Jones, 'Misses Evans and members of the class with Mr. W. Turnor. as secretary ; young women's 'Bible class. Miss Blakelonk and members of the class ; flower stall, Mrs. A. E. Hands, and Miss Alice White- house. A handsome oil painting of" Glen ',quick," by Mr. J. Parkinson, Lovely-lane, was on view and was roneh admired.

There was a good attendance at the opening of the sale by Mrs. John White, the Vicar (Rev. J. H. G. Hollingworth) presiding. Amongst those present were —the Revs. E. C. E. Carleton, H. R. Wild and T. W. Barber end Mr. John White.

The VICAR in explaining the object of the sale said the church was very incomplete, as it lacked a chancel, organ, side aisles, and peal of bells. The funds this year allowed of the proceeds of the sale being devoted to the lextension fund. It was impos- sible for him at present to say what form the fund would take, but if nothing prevented him he hoped soon to be able to make on announcement. He thanked all who had worked for the success of the project, and specially welcomed the two new Bible class stalls. He expressed his indebtedness to all those xvho had attended the working. parties or joined the savings club—withont which he was afraid they would he nnable to hold the sale. In calling upon Mrs. White to open the sale, the Vicar paid a tribute to her willingness to assist worthy objects. Mrs. Mem said they would all be fully agreed that the time had arrived when an earnest effort should be made to complete the church, the foundation stone of which was laid nearly twenty years ago by Lord Winmarleigh. She hoped the sale would not only result in the raising of a large sum of money but would help to remind people that St. 13arnahas Church was stilt incomplete. She trusted the whole of' the funds reonired would soon he forthcoming. (Applause.) Mr. J. TDDON7, (vicar's wardanl moved a vote of thanks to Mrs. White and said it would be some recompense to her for her attendance to know that she was assistinc such a laudable object. They had somewhat improved the church, but the time had arrived when it should be extended and they all trusted that this effort would boa great success. The vote was heartily accorded and the business of the sale commenced.

Encb clay seleCtiona were given by Miss Turner's mandoline band and Miss Plinston contributed several sonu,s.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
- The proceedsof tho sale (including. a donation kindly promised by Lady Greenall) amounted to £l2l 17s. 3d.

ALLEGED EXTENSIVE DRAPERY ROBBERY.

At the Borough Police Chun on Monday, William Campbell, Lythgoes-lane, and Charles and Edward Woods, Howard-street, were charged with breaking and entering the shop of Edwin Ambrose Sone& 85,Priestlev- streat, boeween May 3rd and 4th, gnd stealing 75 yards of flannelette and other articles of the value of 214 10s. —lt was stated by Superintendent Monaghan that the shop was safely locked up on the night of May 3rd, but the following morning a large quantity of drapery was missed, an entrance having been effected by removing the catch of the back window. The stolen property was removed from Howard-street to the house of a Mn Dickinson, in Lythgoes-lane, where the police found it. The men made various statements when arrested Mary Dickinson was charged with receiving the property knowing it to have been stolen, but Campbell said the women was innocent.—All the prisoners were retnanded until Saturday, and Mrs. Dickinson was allowed bail.

Mr. Chamberlain's frank acceptance of the Mink,- terial dictum that elementary school teachers should not he subjected to religious tests, has not helped to simplify the task of the Opposition. In fact there is aconsiderable amount of wrath in Mr. Balt mr's band as a result of the somewhat nasty slap they have received from a friendly hand. Mr. Chamberlain, should, of course, have forgotten that he i a Non- conformist. As a rule his memory is convenient enough !

4.4 , 4,19 -.;

===== 0002601_19060512_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL TO PIECES.

"All to pieces." This i 3 a form of complaint we often hear of—the system out of conditio-., temper uncertain, so that the slightest irritation gets on the nerves, rest- less, no appetite, no sleep that is refreshing. Now what is wanted is'something to pull you together. Get Gwilym Evans, Quinine Bitters, and you will soon find that it will pull you together and that you will he all right again. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters will do you good, for it contains everything necessary for fighting wasting disease. There is no doubt about it. Only taken in time, it will ward off many serious illnesses. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters strengthens that part of the system which is weakest or has been weakened by disease, and therefore more liable to colds and their attendant ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters purifies the blood, and stimu- lates the circulation, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters assists and promotes digestion, and improves the appetite. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters braces the nerves and fortifies the muscles. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters rouses the sluggish liver, and thus enlivens the spirits. Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters removes all impurities and obstructions from the human body.. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters gives tone to the whole system.

There is no secret about Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. Only DFtMff Natute's secrets to be found in Sarsaparilla, Burdock, Gentian, Lavender, Saffron, and Dandelion, Scientiacally combined with a suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose. Far and wide spread the blessings of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the World's Tonic for Suffering Humanity, the Best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion. Weakness, Nervousness,Loss of Appetite,Low Soiritg,Sleeplessness, Chest Affection, and Influenza. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is entirely vegetable, and contains no mineral substances which give future pain and trouble. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is equally adapted to all ages and conditions. Thousands have been perman- ently cured by Gwilyrn Evans' Quinine Bitters when all other remedies have failed. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters gives strength to the weak, health to the sick, and enjoyment of life to all. Do not be persuaded to take any substitute for Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, but in your own interest, and for your own self-protec- tion, see that the name "Gwilym Evans" is on the Label, Stamp and Bottle, of indignantly refuse any Label, Stamp and Bottle, and indignantly refuse any preparation offered as a substitute for it. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles 2s, 9d., and 4s. Cd. each everywhere, or will be sent, carriage free, on receipt of stamps, direct from the Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

DRAW FOR THE WORKS COMPETITION.

The programme of the Warrington Works Competi- tion opens to-day (Saturday) on the green attached to the Bowling Green Inn. The draw for the preliminary round took place on Saturday and resulted as follows: Thewlis and Griffiths v. P. and K. (No. 3). Rylands (No. 2) v. Monks Hall (No. 2). Hutchins Tannery v. Fletchers (No. 2). L. and N.-W. v. Crosflelds (No. 2). Whitecross (No. 1) v. Guest Bros. nrford Tannery v. Rvlands (No. 1). Greenings v. Sankey Wire Mills. P. and K. (No. 1) v. Castle Rubber. Longford Wire v. C.L.C. ..krinitage and Rigby v. Penketh Tannery. Artingstalls v. Monks Hall (No. 1). Rylands (No. 3) v. Robinson. Crosfields (No. 3) v. Crosfield (No. 1). P. and K. (No. 2) v. Richmonds. Forshaws v. Whitecross (No. 2). St. Helens Cable v. Rylands (No. 2). Fletchers (No. 1), v. Warrington Wire Rope. The games to-day will commence at 2 o'clock and will he between Thewlis and Griffiths and P. and K., Rylands and Monks Hall, and Hutchings and Fletchers. Mr. N. Cook will referee.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE CHURCH YEAR BOOK.

London : National Free Church Council (8 x5l, 400 pp. 2s. Ed. net). Among the reference books which are so necessary to Nonconformists a high place is taken by the Free Church Year Book. The DOG issue, in addition to the full official report of the Birmingham Council meetings and a review of the year's work, contains much valuable information such as can be obtained from no other one source, including articles on the origin and distinctive features of Denominations ; Legal Information for Free Churchmen, the Free Church on the Mission Field, &c. The statistical tables again thew much increase in the ranks of the Free Churches, and the figures showing the comparison between the Free Churches and the Anglican church are instructive, whilst a list of the names and addresses of the 200 Free Church members of Parliament in a welcome item. The com- pilers have arranged a mass of information invaluable to all Free Churchmen. The book is bound in a tasteful cloth gilt, and a copious index enhances its usefulness.

The Ninetieth Anniversary of the Peace Society will take place on Tuesday, May 22nd. The Public Meeting will be held in the evening at the City Temple, Holborn Viaduct, , B.C. The President Dr. Robert Spenoe Watson, will occupy the chair, and will be supported by Miss Frances Thompson (Birkenhead), J. McCallum, Esq., M.P., P. A. Molten°, Esa., M.P., Rev. Canon Fleming, 8.D., Rev. G. Friedlander (Western Synagogue. Haymarket, S.W.), Rev. T. Rhondda Williams (Bradford, Yorks). Rev. Thomas Yates (Ken- sington), and others. Holders of tickets, which may be obtained from the Secretary, 47, New Broad Street, 8.C.. will be admitted from 6 p.m., and there will be an organ recital from 6.30 until 7, when the meeting com- mences.

I

:; r A

OM

• ; "O;rt1-14::. • --.. ,

i 1 ii,ll Itlii„ il II I i 4iifli,ll4l. L1;111,111 '1 ~ ii;ilH, . " ,'•1.;4A111 i t! I ,1111!ii1J, ' II- '6i ill i•Vo' ' ..!,}-,e.A- ~ i . 1 --:-*N.; ki '" ° -zi ~ '"` "•;- --', 1 i.::-.•::,$K .."-f.:::•.,..A.,..,tp 7':-.:.::::::•thr -,.;:ii:i..,A ylc.. • 4.,..„....:F.:::1 • -AA:— :. A.AI -=. ......-, li, .:.:..;:.(4 S.I, •••••••• • yi. S 1 , , .e. • :.r...' .1' ...J: , . " .. •••:!:;:. .." .;:.:i... :: 444, .. -.' 1....:. • • -::!. • 1,................"...'......'.'' ".. •••4 ...." 1 .%...••• 41. . .. , C 0 L ritrd il NI 4. STA RC 4' ' 4 d k ... For the maid's !ik muslins. .?....;? - N. "1 ill. flli 1 f 1 ! 1 R &Hi R. tup ii 1 . . ..1 , 1 .

===== 0002601_19060512_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

ie caaba,' o 1 sticreil stone 'of Mecca, is re- covered every year with damask sent by the Sultan or Khedive. A single covering occasion, cost £15,000._

It has been found that the best "emergency ration" for lifeboatm•uu who hare bee!: out fGr many hours in the cold without food ie choco-

The Spanish soldier, with only two meals a day, keeps in excellent condition on a diet con- sisting of dry black bread, a little oil, a clove of garlic, and hie, cigarette.

At an old inn, the Spout House, at Basdale, North Yorkshir-, a peat fire has been burning in a huge open flieplaee for over 100 years.

That indefatigable veteran, G6nerai Booth, who is making a tour in Germany, . will Le sevanty-seven on April 10 next. At thP age of fifteen he was an open-air preacher in :Aotting- ham.

The herring is more largely tic.cd as an article of food than any other fish, both in it frail- and cured stateil. More than 250,000 tons of herrings are landed on the co:l.mM of Great Britain every year, representiag a money va1..1.:3 of about £1,200,000.

The Sultan of Morocco plays both tennis and cricket. He owns about 26) bicycles, some with gold and ether fittings, and it is said that he is an expert trick rider. One of his favourit3 amusements is to cycle at full speed up narrow inclined planks. The Sultan has also a liking for motor care and grand pianos:

Mr. Edison, the American inveritcr, consider change of diet the moot reliable "remedy for most of the ills that flesh is heir to. Whenever he feels himself indispoeed, he immediately follows a vegetarian diet for a few days.

It le not generally known that Mr. Halflane, the newly-appointed Minister for War, is eco n d heir to Lord Camperdown, who, himscif a bachelor, has only one brother, Mr. Cl--e.orga l,uncan-Haldane, and the latter has no childre:i.

* The Thakore of Gorda], a g.tate in ,India, is a regularly qualified physician, having taken his medical degree in England. His eldest son and heir, two other sons and a daughter. have also been educated in the British Telef.,. The Thakore practises among his people, giving special at- tention to the poor.

The Russian Emperor Ivan IV. OPCY2 ordered one of his high court officials to procure for hiit. a measure full of fleas, and when the poor man failed, through the friskiness of the insects in jumping out of the measure, had his head cut off and inflicted a fine of 7,00 G rouble's on the City of Moscow for its share in the failure. On other occasions he would wander away into the country with some boon companions and a few caged bears, and when he came to a. peaceful viflage would let slip the bears and shriek with laughter as the villagers rushed for safety or fell victims to the hungry animals.

Probably the most costly tree in the world is the plane tree which grows in Wood-street, in the City of London. It occupies space which would bring in a rental of ,V 250 per annum, rual this capitalised at thirty years' purchase give 6 a value of z£7,500.

Sir Charles ROOS is undoubtedly the largest landowner in the United Kingdom under the rank of a peer. He own l between 300,000 and 400,000 acres in Rees-shire. Sir Charles rowed in the Cambridge eight in 1894, and later entered the Seaforth Highlanders, and for the South African Nvar raised a corps of-this own. He has sinoe invented a service rifle, which is being used in Canada. manufactured in a big factory at Quebec of which he is the head.

Contrary to general opinion, the mosquito is most common within and about. tho Arctic circle. On coasting trips to the North Cape vessels are sometimes invaded by maddening swarme; at every stopping-place. In Alaska they are said to fcrm clouth so dense that it is impossible for sportsmen to aim at objects beyond. while native dogs are cometim.es killed by them.

Baron .Brampton—batter known even now as Sir Henry Hawkins—made on!y fifty pounds during his first twelve months at the Bar. Not very many year: later, such was the fame he had attained, that he refused a brief marked 50,000 guineas, the reason being that its accept- ance would haye involved a viiot to India.

An ironmongery firm in a town in the Western States advertised a prize of £2 to the person who, on a certain day, brought into the place and deposited in front of the firm's store the largest number of people, on one vehicle. All sorts of conveyances appr.-sred, and it seemed certain that .the farmer who brought in eighty-six persons on a waggon 50ft. long would gain the prize. But at the last moment there appeared a singular vehicle, 83ft. long and oft. wide. It moved on eight wheels, and was drawn by eight horses.. From it descended 110 people.

The German State railway ia much tempted to encourage the Emperor to travel aa often as possible, for each journey he takes is ,a con- siderable sum in the packet of the natinn. His Majesty travels in great splendeur. As a rule, there are two special trains, one for the Emperor and one for the Empress. These are the property of the Prussian State. but ,the travelling expenses are paid by the Emperor himself. The Court trailla are charged at the same rate as ordinary special trains. Thus, the journey from Berlin to Elbing, near the north- east frontier, costs ratller over 5:2.00, and the some fee is, of course, charged for the return • journey. •

There is a depository for the safe custody of the wills of living persons at Somerset House. A will may be depcsited through the registrar of a district registry, who will transmit the will to London in a registered letter on receiving fees amounting to 14s. 6d. Oryee deposited. the will cannot be withdrawn, but must remain in the registry until the testator dies, unlecs he produces the oriental minute of the deposit, and other proofs of 'his identity. and ckstroye the will in the presence of the registrar. * *

'Mr. Luke Fades, the famous Royal Academician; gets nearly all his ideas for pictures direct from life. He is in the habit of wandering about the highways and 4,y•Asys in search of subjects and types.

In a window of ra. stare in St. Louis, Missouri, are four ,bottles which are believed to be the largest ever blown from glass. The largest is 6ft. 41n. high, and will actually hold the con- tents of 1,500 small perfumery bottles. The smallest, however, is over aft. in height, and will hold' 250 pints. To make the largest bottle no lees than 501 b. of liquid glass was required, which had to be blown into an immense bubble which afterwards coaled into the receptacle. The blowing was done by three men, one reliev- ing the other as soon as he had exhausted his strength.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19060512_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 12, 1906

===== 0002601_19060512_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR CLEVER DOCTOR

tALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

BY LITCY HARDY,

Author of "A Madman's Mistake," "The Shadow on the Moor," "The West Room," "The Watcher in the Church Porch," &c.

It was a bleak winter's evening on Dartmoor, and as Horace Thor°ld stood by his fire drawing on his gloves and listening for the sound of his gig coming round to the door, the young doctor was inclined to wonder—as many another country Esculapius has done before him—why it is that patients in outlying districts always seem to select the worst nights for entering and leaving the world and requisitioning the services of a medical man. Horace Thor°ld had sihnly taken up his residence in Devon some six months previously, when an old uncle, of whom he had known very little, had died, and bequeathed all his small property, includinz his medical practice, to the nephew who, it .seemed, had unwittingly pleased him by following the old man's own profession. Horace, who was struggling in London in the s ,rnewhat hopeless attempt to build up a practice for himself (having no capital wherewith to p rchase one), had decided that his wisest course w add be to settle down, at least for a time, in his itticle's place; and had accordingly taken possession of the quaint yet cosy old house upon the moor, with its antiquated furniture, and stepped into his uncle's shoes, as he phrased it, as regards the practice. Old Dr. Thorold's was certainly an "extensive connection" in one sense, as it embraced all the scattered farmsteads and houses within riding distance. The old man had been popular with his patients, and his nephew, who was both clever and painstaking, more than inherited ;his kinsman's good repute. The wintry blast rattled outside, and Horace drew back the curtain and opened the window for a moment to see if snow had yet begun to fall. As tie did so a figure suddenly dashed into the room, then turned round, closed and fastened the window, and dropped the curtain over it. "Hallo I " cried Horace at this abrupt intrusion. 'Thit the man who had thus unexpectedly effected an entrance did not seem to heed him ; with a by cry of satisfaction he crossed the apartment and crouched over the blazing fire. 1 "I say, my friend, you make yourself at home I here," cried Horace, startled for the moment, but reassured the next, as he contrasted the slight and meagre form before him with his own stalwart proportions. "I could chuck the fellow out with one hand if he means mischief," Horace thought to himself.

The figure turned and lifted a haggard face of entreaty. "Save me," it said in low, hoarse tones. "Save you P Oh !" as Horace noted the visitor's dress, with the "broad arrows" stamped upon it, "I see ;.you've broken out of Princetown, eh ? " _

The Viiitor nodded. "Yesterday," the man said in the same choked voice, "and—l've been out on the moor ever since. They're after me now. Hide me! Save me!" And he crouched over the fire again. The miserable aspect of the creature before him aroused Horace's instincts as a professional healer. "Here," he said, pouring•out a cup of hot coffee (the remains of his own meal were upon the table), "drink this, and eat a bit of bread, and then you'll be better able to speak." _

It was pitiable to see the wolfish hunger with which the man despatched the provisions. But the food and warmth brought some colour to his wasted cheeks, and his voice was calmer and firmer as he said, gratefully: "Thank you, sir. I was almost dead when I came in. But better be dead than in that place yonder." • _

"Well, you'll have to go back there, you know," said Horace, hardening his heart with a sense of duty.

The man wrung his wasted hands with a gesture of despair. "No, no, no!" he cried. "Oh, sir, take pity upon me! lam an innocent man!" "I never knew of the convict who wasn't, upon his own shewing," said Horace. "I am innocent of the crime I was accused of," said the man ; and there was a truthful ring in his voice. "But I suppose no one will believe this as the jury didn't," and he bent again over the fire. Horace looked at his visitor critically. He was a young man of about twenty-five, certainly without the "criminal expression stamped on so many countenances among the convicts. He had an honest, open face, and refined features, and yet— well, appearances are often deceitful. ' The sound of wheels was heard outside.

"Don't—don't give me up !" cried the man, catching at Horace's hand in an attitude of despair. And the young doctor's heart was not proof against the piteous appeal. "I'm a fool and worse," he said to himself: "but, anyway, I can take time to think the matter over. Look here," he added aloud, turning to his visitor, "I daresay you're lying to me, and any- way, I've no right to shelter a convict from justice. But if you like to remain here until I come bac: —l'm called out to see a sick person—well, you may do so." "But if they track me here? " cried the man. _

„ Horace hesitated a moment, then walked to the wall by the fireplace and pressed upon an ornament in the ancient oak-panelled wainscotting which lined the apartment. A panel sprang open and showed a deep recess behind. Horace had recently accidentally discovered this concealed cupboard, and had not yet mentioned it even to his old housekeeper. "If you hear anyone coming, you can get in there,” he said. "The door will shut if you pull it, and there are ventilation holes above. But remember," and Horace strove to speak sternly, "I'm not going to have a hand in compounding a felony. You'll have to give yourself up when I come back; at least--" But at that moment the gig dashed up to the door, and Horace's visitor vanished into the cup- board just as old Ifartha, the young doctor's house- keeper and factotum, entered to say that "Roger was awaiting." As he drove rapidly away the young doctor reviewed his adventure. It went against his kindly instincts to deliver up the wretched man, and yet , duty must be done. "The poor wretch looked half dead. It won't hart to let him have a warm and a sleep," reflected the young doctor. "And if he gives himself up, as I must see that he does to-morrow of course, maybe it will go easier with him than if he was caught by the warders." And then Horace began to think of the patient whom he was going to see. Halting at length at one of those lonely farm- steads which dot Dartmoor here and'there, Horace was ushered into a bedroom where lay a young woman, who had been a pretty girl once before she grew so pale and thin. Horace had been attending her for some weeks, and was much interested in the case. Without any organic disease the girl was certainly wasting away; and the conviction that some mental trouble was at the root of her illness was growing stronger in Horace's mind every time he visited her. This evening he spoke out openly upon the subject. "Had your daughter received any shock? Has she any trouble upon her mind ? " he asked as he quitted the sick-room. Mrs. Fry, the comely buxom farmer's wife, angered her apronstrings for a moment. "I think—•maybe—it was them guns a-going which set Ellen off so bad \ with the spasms to-day," she said. "What guns? Oh, ytm mean the ones fired front Princetown to give notice that a convict had I heard them „myself ; but why should

" Scrumptious " Buns are made with

Brown & Poison's

raising powder

' Paisley Moor (Trade Mark) _—and very easily made, too, Why not buy a 7d. or 31Ad. packet, and try "London ,Buns" or "Jam Sandwich" for to-morrow's tea?

Ole& 'Ottlp ethos aa.to papuaiza pug 43;45t pus 'peuutid S[StlO!llatiUl LIRA. e.tam TIO4AI ‘Splls3.lj OIL/ •asv.taetpo s'ILK 413!.14 944 Jo 41nsaa 344 ; suls '4u4 !I 191,01 StmoS lualo SlaialdfuoD pitiost uoilu2;4s9Aul aatilans lug; paoadia Louopuuoa slua.ted .154 pus usj V 44 emssodui os pauwas uopastwas situ; • „luatuaizzatihis ptru 5.192.t0j„ jo eamqo g uodu palsa.t.in uoaq pvti woo.tztappq 041 mil 52u4);4 oto ethuo '92Bl.t.rstu 544 aoj. pexu crrep 944 a.tojaq y[eaAt 11 sl4 'uotim '442'104 satno49 214ppa.in 044 'pazg -sum Sup 2t4pp9m cm !Smooths quom Till puu-1144 4.4 m pasusid SilvaJ2 ea9A+ 04At `sluo.red IN 04 hull eoupoalut, 04 .134 411 At louq Joao/ am 141111024 pug ham !luallaox9 soutm.pu jo sioadsoad sui elent 9111701.11 luesaad s‘untu bunoS OILL 'dogs 92.1111 vjo 901104 -21.4411000 944 tit vat° v `usitt 2uiio 9i4ll4p9dsaa Isout ,C;luaauddv WU 01 pafOua 91110994 pvti 'ells '91944 ellqm •uopuori Ut suoquieJ mhos 04 51911015.9.1 d JusS 044 Ipp.ll uodn aho2 pug S.ra helm nel 9104 m cup gno 44911014 suotlsonfi stej „ '4OOl SIM. 11090•1 gIISUTID eouts ',pads 04 os 'p1194 .134 du plot; J 0.1.011 5,94 s pug 4:aui Jood 'putut .194 Ito 2u144e1u08 anvy eys uaua ,59,x. .44 ltioqv Asu not 'tutu; 944 noS lial 1944eqP.1 esoddus I pig .op 945 sv 1091 04 twin 04 9017.1984) v slum eq—aetpuj ptre„ latus atis „`ltioqu re 4 04 80.110 sti jo 9uoll Lim 119,41„ luchuoth 11 pa4u4seti if.ta 'UN •- 191.021n11p atioS 409n11_sm noraewhat difficult to unravel ; but it seemed at last clear that only Charles Lovell, or one fellow-clerk, cruild have been responsible for them. "Folks did say afterwards as Charlie had been a fool not to have engaged a sharper lawyer, as the other man did; but Charlie, he seemed so certain sure—being quite innocent, as he said he was—that the truth would come out at the trial—that he didn't particular trouble about his defence." "Do you think the young man was guilty?" asked Horace.

Mrs. Fry again fell back upon her apronstrings. "Well, sir, I hardly know what to say. The jury thought he was, any way, and they ought to ha' known. But there was one person "—and here a note of grievance stole into the good woman's voice—"as I don't believe judge, nor jury, nor anyone in all England, would ha' made think him guilty, and that was Ellen. Clean contrary the girl was, as her father said." "Well, she would naturally believe in her lover," said Horace. _

"It's an unlucky business that he ever teas her lover," said Mrs. Fry, in the same injured tone. "Many and many a good match that girl might ha' made, and to come to this at last! For, as her father says, whether Charlie did it or didn't, 'tis much the same now; he's got his five years' pens' servitude, and ain't a fit husband for any respectable girl. But, if you'll believe it, sir, Ellen vows she'll marry him as soon as he comes out of his time; and I'm afraid she'll do it, too, for she's obstinate—like her father--when she takes an idea in her head, for all she looks so quiet. Why," and hero Mrs. Fry cautiously lowered her voice, "father don't know it, and I hope and pray he never may, for it's fine and angry he'd be if he did, but since Charlie was brought to Princetown, Ellen has been to see him —she wheedled round Jim--that's her brother, ghfhooee fool lsoatroeesfnri gythhoetearc of lieli nd der: do—wt o—t Charlie,lwn 01E2. nn, one tldievi nei ibrn edg madeiad aae yl 'twassand Jima t f sheatahk eer seeing him so dreadful altered in his looks (Jim said he wouldn't ha' known him) that's made Ellen as bad as she is." It was a sad, pathetic little story. Horace began to wonder if he held any clue to it; he drove home deep in thought. "And it's glad enough I am to see you back, sir," cried old Martha, who was watching at the door. "There've been a pretty set-out since you was gone, and I declare I'm all of a shake still. You'd scarce drove off before a couple of men with guns, prison warders they said they was, knocked at the door and said they was after a convict, as they believed they'd seen cut in through you" window. I said you was out, but I begged 'em trn mercy's sake to come in and look all over the house, I being a lone woman in it, you and Roger both away. The men was very civil, and they looked well everywhere—l will say that for them— under the beds and into the cupboards; for, as I said : 'Oh, gentlemen, whatever will become of me if there's one of them savages lurking about the house ? "Did they find anyone ?" asked Horace. "No, sir, they said they supposed, if the man had slipped in unbeknown, he had just slipped out again; I told 'em you'd only just gone out, and, of course, the man wouldn't have stayed to face you, knowing as you'd give him up quick enough. - Did Horace's conscience give him an uneasy twinge? "Well, I needn't keep you up any longer, Martha," said the young man, entering the parlour, where a comfortable supper meal was spread, and the old woman trotted away to bed. Horace turned the key in the door, then softly opened the cupboard. His visitor was lying along the floor inside, so still and quiet that for the moment the thought crossed Horace's mind that be was dead, but as the young doctor hastily put his hand upon the man's heart, he stirred and I murmured "Ellen!" then opened his eyes and I feebly tried to move. Horace assisted him to a chair,mixed him a small quantity of spirits and hot water, and supplied him with food. "Sir, you have saved me," said the man, grate- fully, as he looked round; "and now—after all your goodness—you won't give rue tip?" "You are better now, and able to talk; tell nre your whole story—the truth, mind, and no lies,' said Horace. As the young doctor expected, the narrative that followed was the same history which he had recently heard from Mrs. Fry. The young man related his story simply and straightforwardly, and, as Horace listened, a conviction of the speaker's truthfulness grew upon him. "But the evidence was very strong against you," he said.

"I know it was, air, so strong that I can't blame the jury for deciding as they did," said the young man, quietly; "but, all the same, I am as innocent of the crime as you are. 'Twas Bates was the thief, only I couldn't prove it." Horace was silent; he knew well the reputation of the lawyer to whom the other clerk had entrusted his defence—a very shrewd and not too scrupulous criminal advocate. The only way to clear his own client was to fix the guilt upon Lovell, and this appeared to have been success- fully done. _

in, and manage to ?ring you some food in°the

morning. Don''t touch any Of the jars and bottles; and keep as quiet as you can; though I believe Martha is too deaf to hear you if you moved." It was perhaps fortunate for the game of conceal- ment which Dr. Thorold was playing, that his faithful housekeeper developed a severe cold which wiae,L3i.. *. 'keen her 'Dec/ tar a ;Val PAPA.

which time a woman from the- village came itt daily to cook and "do" for the doctor. • "And a retty extravagant hussy that Mrs. Brown was," groaned Martha, when she checked over that week's housekeeping bills; "if I'd been upstairs long, she'd have half ruined master. The meat and bread aione that was eat in them few days—why, there might have been a hungry man in the house to keep." Possibly there was! Dr. Thorold was by no means easy in his own mind regarding the course he was pursuing. Though convinced that, in Lovell's case, there had been a miscarriage of justice, in the eye of the law the young man was a convicted criminal; and it is not the part of a respectable and law-abiding citizen to assist "prison-breakers." The young doctor was perfectly aware that he was laying himself open to serious pains and penalties by acting as he had done, and passed a sleepless night himself after his uninvited guest had been safely ensconced in the laboratory. To keep Idpvell here indefinitely was impossible. After much cogitation Dr. Thorold decided upon taking the young man's sweetheart into his confidence. "Woman's wit" might help him. "She be-just the same, doctor; she don't eat, and scarce do speak. and takes no interest like in anything," sighed Mrs. Fry at the doctor's next visit to her daughter. "And to think what a fine, lusty, cheerful young woman she did use to to. Poor girl t"

"She may get better yet. I will sit and chat wlth her for a little to-day and see if I can brighten hr up," said Dr. Thorold, glad to find that Mrs. Fey, seeing that the invalid would "have cora- piny," as she phrased it, for a little time, took the oportunity of disappearing to look after some h yusehold affairs.

Cautiously and gently the doctor told his story. I s effect upon the invalid was magical. The listless sufferer, whose interest in life seemed ended, was suddenly converted into the alert, eager woman, able and ready to risk all to save her beloved. The girl sat up suddenly in bed, clasped the doctor's hand, and carried it to her lips. "Oh, bless you, sir, bless you, for your kind- ness," she cried.

"I'm acting most illegally, you know," said Horace.

" Illegally ! To help an innocent man!" cried Ellen, with all a woman's fine disregard of logic. "Heaven will bless you for your goodness, sir." "And now I want to know what's to be done next F " said Horace.

Ellen lay wrapped in thought for a few minutes. "I'll speak to Jim. Jim has a clever head, and he believes in Charlie as I do. I'll settle some- thing with him, sir, and then tell you—" "No, please tell me nothing," said Horace, hastily. "I've known, and done, too much in the matter already." Ellen smiled brightly. The colour was already cnming back into her cheeks, and the dimples beginning to play round her mouth. "Very well, sir, we'll wait to tell you anything till we've got Charlie safely away." It was a great relief to Dr. Thorold, on entering the laboratory a few denings later, to find the window open, his prisoner disappeared, and a few lines of grateful farewell in an envelope addressed to himself upon the table. "Jim has a plan and has come for me, and will sae me safe across the moor to Plymouth," was all the information given in this epistle; but later on, Horace learnt the full history from Ellen. "Jim" had a friend who was captain of a small coasting vessel, upon which the runaway shipped as a "stow-away"; only the captain being c ignisaut of his presence. At one of the ports of oal Charlie Lovell was successfully passed into a steamer bound for Australia, where he arrived in due couese, and found employment, under another name, in a Melbourne store. The criminal was not o! sufficient importance to the authorities to make the police particularly on the alert for his capture. Horace did not forget his promise of laying Lovell's, case before his lawyer brother. "The young fellow was a victim to his fool of a selicitor, wrote the latter in reply. "His lawyer missed all the , strong points in his case, and of c mrse A— (the counsel for the fellow-clerk) was sharp enough to profit by this. But I think I see my way to obtain a piece of evidence which may brine home the guilt where it is due, and you may see Mr. Bates in the dock yet." And, indeed, Clement Thorold so vigorously pushed his investigations that this, result actually followe& within a few months after •Lovell's escape from prison. Once in custody, a host of ugly stories began to crop up against the accused clerk, who was, in fact, a scoundrel of the first water. He never stood his trial, however. He committed suicide in his cell shortly after his commitment, leaving behind him a iwritten confession which explained how • the web of suspicion had been woven around his unfortunate fellow-clerk.'

..-.-- - Nothing is done hurriedly in legal matters in this country, and.even the proving of the innocence of a condemned person takes time; but, in due course, Charlie Lovell was able to return to Eng- land having, in accordance wit@ the orthodox custom in such circumstances, received a "free pardon" for a crime which it was conclusively proved he had never committed. Lovell's former employers behaved generously. They made him a liberal compensation, and reinstated him in their employ in a superior position to the one he had formerly occupied. A. blithe wedding shortly took place. at the farm, at which Dr. Thorold attended as an honoured guest. "That's our doctor," said Mrs. Fry to one of the London visitors. "Clever t I should just think he was. You'd never believe, to see Ellen's rosy cheeks to-day, what a poor, die-away soul the dear girl was when Dr. Thorold came first to her. I never thought to have had her above ground with 114 now. If it hadn't a-been for doctor, there mightn't have been no bride here to-day, as I toile father." The good woman did not know that but for Dr. Thorold's good offices the bridegroom also might have been missing from the feast. Horace kept discreet silence regarding his kindly deeds, and the three sharers of his secret, the newly-wedded couple and Jim, were equally reticent. For the law gives an ugly name to such philan- thropic deeds as Horace—and Jim—had lately indulged in; and, though Lovell's innocence was now proved, he had been a convicted felon at the time Dr. Thorold concealed him. Long years afterwards, Sir Horace Thorold, the fsmous London physician, related this adventure of his youth to his grandchildren. "Though remember, ray dears," the old gentle- man had added, "though it all turned out well in the end, I am not at all sure that I did rightly at the time."

"Sir, I think you believe me, and you won't give me up," said Lovell, suddenly, lifting his eyes to Horace's face. "I am conxmitting an offence against the law if I don't," said Horace ; "but—well, I will own that I think there may have been a mistake in your case. It was a fatal blunder on your part not to have engaged better counseL " "1 thought, as I was innocent, it mould be sure to come out all right," said the young man, I simply. , "I have a brother in London who is a clever lawyer," said Horace; "I'll draw up an account of i ' your case to-morrow and send it to him. If we can I lay hold of any fresh evidence we might place it before the Home Secretary. FRAUDULENT RAILWAY JOURNEYING., "But you won't give me up in the meantime, At Warrington on Wednesday, John Carruthers, a sir; I'll die if I go back to that awful place," farrier, from Leeds, was charged with travelling on the cried the young man, piteously. "Just think London and North-Western Railway from Leeds to what it means, when you're an innocent mar., ' Warrington without having previously paid his fare, stated that he saw prisoner and another man dodging and have always kept yourself respectable all your and with intent to avoid payment.—A ticket collector about the platform in a suspicious manner when a special life, to be herded up with—the men they have train from Ll:eard s his so prisoner gtaove upa return there! And to think of Ellen I—and our marriage! t?ellestter tliwrived in the station. Sir, be merciful; kill me yourself rather than When And half from Chester to Leeds iji3cl sf mineatipfo?o"l, and . outward half.—Ailne of LI. was imposed. Rgivoeroome,e vruitp.h the utateynotalu wvoornitegti,v,ei, produce his worse," briefly answered "No." "Come this way," the young doctor said, suddenly rising, and walking down the passage to , a room which he had converted into a laboratory. Horace was profiting by the comparative leisure of his present practice to pursue his professional ! studies • he often spent great part of the day in / his laboratory, and when any particularly delicate work was on hand there was wont to keep the . door locked and the key in his own possession. to obviate the risk of Martha, who had a man for cleaning, entering the apartment while he was away. The laboratory door could, therefore, be kept ! fastened without attracting suspicion, and into the laboratory Horace ushered his guest. There was a fire in the room, and a sofa furnished with rugs ; as Horace sometimes spent part of the night at work, and rested between his experiments. ‘You'll be safe enough here for the present," Horace remarked to his visitor; "I'll lock you

"Grandpapa, you couldn't have done other- wise," exclaimed an impulsive granddaughter. "Well, well," said Sir Horace, "I don't advise people living upon Dartmoor to take in convicts to hide as I did—" "But you would do the same again," cried Ella. "A man may be a fool twice in his life, as well as owe," said Sir Horace with a smile. (TUB END. 1

walked on in silence. May was having itruggle with herself. In her purse was a ight, new half-crown, which she was looking rward to spending. in town, on market-day. _ _ _

lhould she give up this pleasure and use it Lo Lelp Harold out of his 13crape t They had reached Tucker's farm before she had made up her mind.

"Wait for me a minute, Harold," she said. When .she appeared again she was rosy, and

she carried a basket of eggs. "We will take them to the old man at once,", she said, "and then you will not have a scold= ing to look forward to." "But how did you get them?" Harold asked, in surprise. "I had half-a-crown of my own," May told him; "wasn't it splendid?" "I say, you are good to me," Harold said, "and Ido not deserve it a 'bit. Besides, I ought not to let you spend your money in. getting me out of a Tow." • "But it is done, and you cannot help it; and I am glad I am of some little use, even if I am only a girl," May said, smiling. And Harold never complained again that girls were no good. From MARGARET SARLL.

MY DEAR CHILDREN, I am pleased to tell you that , received a great many letters telling me how you spent your Easter Holidays, but I fear I cannot publish results till next week, as I really have not had time to go carefully through all that I have received. I see that you take great interest in your gardens, and that you fre- quently water the plants. This is quite right, as we have had so little rain. , I want you all to write and propose a separate Oompetition for boys and girls. Tell me what you think would be nice for you all to do for a monthly competition for June. You will all remember that the essays on " Spring " must reach me by May 19th, and please remember that the neatness and good writing will be taken into consideration, as in all contributions. I am awarding a prize this week to Margaret Sarll, for her contribution, "Only a Girl." I think you will,,all find this very interesting. I find that many of you are still asking me for the date of my birthday, although I published this some time ago. However, I will tell you all once more that it is on the 26th of June, and I hope on that day to receive a letter from all ray nephews and nieces. ' I shall look forward to hearing your ideas for a competition, and shall adopt what I consider the best, and, of course, offer very nice prizes. I must say good-bye now, or I shall take up too much space. So with all good wishes, from UNcrx Nun.

WHERE THE GREAT RED OWL LIVED. (Concluded.) " Whoo Whoo I Whool" called the great red owl, sitting at the top of the long red ladder.

Then down the ladder came a huge, shagg. y, long-haired animal, and reared himself on his hind legs in front of Wilson. "I will be good! I will be good! Oh, Mr. Great Red Owl, I will be good!" Wilson cried. "Whool " said the great red owl. Then the huge, shaggy, long-haired thing put two great paws on Wilson's shoulders,. and his mouth close to his ear, and shouted in a great, rough voice: "Naughty Wilson! Naughty Wilson!" and then went clambering noisily up the ladder. "Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!" called the great red owl, sitting at the top of the long red ladder. "Whoo! Whoo! 'Whoo! Thou hast been named by the striped chipmunk, the red squirrel, and the shaggy bear, and I have marked thee with the mark of the great red owl. Naughty Wilson! Naughty Wilson! Wi.oc i Whoo 1 Whoo!"

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am writing you this letter, to tell you that I should like to become a mem- ber of the ," Children's Corner," and I am sending you this little piece of poetry, called

• MIND THE PAIL! Young Tom is such a playful oat, He makes his mother weep; Some mischief he is always at, Except when he's asleep. Although the staircase is so wide, That naughty Tom prefers, Instead of walking down, to slide Upon the bannisters. t•I think you'll say it served him right, When sliding from the top One day, to get a dreadful fright— He found he could not stop. • But that was not the worst of all. You should have heard him yell— A pail was standing in the hall, And right in it he fell. It cured him quite, so I've heard say, Although you'll never fail To make him very cross to-day, By saying, "Mind the pail!" —From MAnnu REDMAN.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l do hope you are well, also all my cousins. lam sending you a little story for your "Corner," if you think it worth yrinting. lam enjoying my holidays very much, and hope all my cousins are doing the same. With best love,

"I will be good 1 I will be good Oh, Mr. Great Rod Owl, I will be good! Take me to my mother!" Wilsoii called back in great fright.

A moment after, Wilson turned to thank the beautiful maiden; the ,door was closed, and the girl had vanished. From your loving Nephew, ERNEST HARROLD. Dear Uncle Ned,—l hope you will not think I have forgotten the "Corner" by my long absence fr6m writing; but I am going in for an examination for the Girls' High School, so my time is fully occupied with studying. I am very pleased to see what a great many members we are getting. I think a competition on "My Favourite Spring Flower, and Why?" would be a good one. We had lovely weather for the holidays, did we not? and I hope that you and all the cousins enjoyed yourselves. I and two of my friends went -on. the Castle Easter Monday, and enjoyed ourselves very much: I am sending you an anecdote, which I hope you will print.

AN EXPLANATION OF A CIRCLE. An inspector was once examining a clacs ot boys, and asked them what was a circle. After some different answens, one boy Put up his hand and said, "A circle is a round straight line, with a hole in the middle." Your loving Niece, • PRUDENCE MUSTY. '

-

LIST OF NEW MEMBERS.

Maud Britland, Polly Roundle, Doris Holt, Ada Dean, Annie Mills, Eliza Mille, Dennis Diddle Mills, Tom Rushton, Fred Coupe, Willie Law, Fred Reeens, Robert Haslam, Ernest Buckley, Walter Stott, Archy Stott, Harry Nuttal, Eva Chadwick, Clara Ashworth, Maggie Kirby, Rolland kluckley, Lizzie Bennit, George Ashworth, Emma Willcock, Jack Green.

Then a bright white light shone at the top of the long red ladder, and down came, walk- ing, stepping daintily on the rungs, a beautiful maiden, dressed .all in white. When she reached the bottom, she placed a white hand on Willson's forehead, and said in a voice, like the tinkling of silver bells, "Naughty Wilson. Look! look, naughty Wilson.!" And Wilson looked, and saw through the side of the great hollow tree, past the big red oak, the crooked white brook, and the huge black rock, into his own little bedroom, where a candle, burning dimly, showed his 'mother kneeling by the side of his empty bed, and his fath.ef standing by, with his hand resting softly on her bowed head. 1:14 could not see her face, but he knew she was sobbing. His father looked very sad, and there were tears in his eyes. "Oh, I will be good! I will be good! Take me home!" and Wilson fell sobbing at the feet of the beautiful maiden. The beautiful girl bent and kieeed him on the forehead, and 10l the side of the hollow tree opened, and they floated through the air, light as thistle down, and as swift as arrows, past the big red oak, the crooked white brook, and the huge black rock, to the door of his house. The door, flew open, and Wilson rushed into z his mother's arms.

• r; • `;IR 400,4.41,04.14414101* ',AV,

f.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ihaMENIIINNIMI

===== 0002601_19060512_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
I remain, Yours lovingly, MARGARET SARLL.

ONLY A GIRL.

Harold was not in a good temper. He did wish his mother had invited a boy to spend the Easter holidays with him, instead of his cousin May. They were out together one morning, and she was trying hard to be friendly, but he only looked ciose, and scarcely answered when she spoke to him. Presently they saw in front of -hem an old man, carrying a basket. "Let us creep up behind him, and tip over what he is carrying," Harold said, his spirits rising at the thought of mischief. "Oh, Harold, I wish you would not," May eaid; "you will make him so angry." - "What a silly you are I " her cousin said. "You have not a bit of fun in you. lam tired of having only a girl to go about with." The team came into May's eyes at being spoken to so crossly, so she said no more. Then Harold carried out his trick. But 'when he saw the result he looked rather alarmed, for the basket was full of eggs, and there they lay, a smashed heap on the road. "You young rascal!" the old man cried. "I shall go straight to your father, and tell him what, you have clone." "What are a few eggs?" Harold said, trying to carry it off boldly. "I can get you some more.

"Oh, can you? Well, this is a sitting of eggs from Mrs. Tucker's prize fowls, and I have just paid 2s. 6d, for them. If you bring Ine another Bitting before evening, we will say no more about it, though you do not deserve to be let off so easily." He hobbled off, and the two children were left together. "How could I know eggs were in the liasket?" grumbled r old .

"Have you enough money to buy eome more?" May asked. "Is it likely?" he said, turning out his pockets, and producing two pennies. " I shall get into a row, but it is no use thinking about that."

Nam

~..,.,,,er.,,....., /if , ,_ r 4,..gt ai.,,,p, miLK 0 4. , e s ~ 1 \ whr , h,.. Sirwidard OP Pilr/04-',

, , •,.. A , - • • , • • ' „ ,• , ; •• ;..• • '4•••• -r'.. i • • •••••• • .••7•••:1•:!•T•.:','• •-f•'7F,-, • • • .•-•• 'r'. ••;ii•-V,k2'l''. '

===== 0002601_19060512_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLES T STAND

The Cycles of matchless excellence of quality and unequalled moderate price. They stood the RACERS, big test of MR. G. A. o L LEY'S great ride from mylis Land's End to John o' Groats in 3 days, 20 hrs. POPUL ARS, 55 mins. without a single mishap, not even a punc- .6.ii. Sure. They also also stood *the COASTERS, hard, everyday weior EALS, given them by Mr. A. Franklin, postman, of Shipton - under - Wych - IWG'Sf wood, who has ridden one 1 148.1Ldie 0 a II of these cycles for 8 years, 0 miles daily, carry- SEMling about 6o lbs. of ' RACERS letters daily. Total 1 Wegir miles, 21,664 ; total weight, 149,760 lbs., and STANDARDS, the bicycle still runs Staitio4o splendidly. Full details of these and many other big tests TWO SPEEDS which prove these bi- cycles unequalled for lightness, speed, reliabi- lity', and durability, will be found in the NEW Hudson Catalogue, the .: . finest ever issued. Copies sent anywhere, post free. New Hudson Cycle Co. Ld. 52, Parade Mills, BIRMINGHAM, 4

r LOCAL ADDRESSES. F. CRAi3TREZ, Bridge Stroat, War- t 4 2. rlngton J AUSTIN,6B, King St., Earlestown. W. COOK, & Co., 152, Peasley Cross Lane, St Helens.

I

lirr _ 4. A 41111 P 4) "140

===== 0002601_19060512_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
ARE YOU THIN?

To add One Lb. per week to your Weight and increase Bodily Strength and Nerve Force, take Dr. Cassell's Flesh-Forming and Strengthening Tablets.

DR. CASSE LE'S FLESH-FORMING AND STRENGTHENING TABLETS are absolutely guaranteed to improve physical development, create weight, strength and nerve force, and cure the most pronounced cases of WRECKED NERVES INDIGESTION BODILY WEAKNESS NERVOUSNESS NEURASTHENIA LOSS OF FLESH ANIEDdIA PARALYSIS OF NERVES

and all ailments arising from physical debility and lack of development. Dr. Blair, Dr. Gunn, Dr. Jackson, and other medical experts certify to the extraordinary strengthening and developing power of this remarkable remedy. It is of incalculable value to thin, weak men and 'women. _ _ .

Ask for DR. CASSELL'S FLESH-FORMING AND STRENGTHENING TABLETS, price 10,icl. and 2s. 9d. per box. Sold by all Chemists, or post free from the famous Dr. Cassell's Co., Ltd., Xing-street West, Manchester. Advice free by letter.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE CHURCH COUNCILS.

South-West Lancashire Federation.

The annual Meetings of the abcve were held at Gl- borne on May 2nd,and were attended by representatives from the Free Church Councils at Southport, Wigan, Warrington, St. Helen; Widnes, Ashton-in-Makerfield, Platt Bridge and Golborne. A business meeting was held in the afternoon under the presidency of the Rev. A. Scott, of Southport, President of the Federation. The Secretary, the Rev. Alex Harvey of Widnes, sub- mitted the annual report which showed that there were eleven councils in the Federation, allef which were in a healthy and vigorous condition and doing good work. Much .united work had been done along the lines of workhouse services,temperance and evangelistic work and in outdoor religious services. The report congratulated the Federation on the change in the parliamentary representation of the district. The Federation had in its area nine divisions, and in the late Parliament every one of these divisions returned a Member opposed to them on the Education question. But the General Election bad reduced the number to four, and the majority of the members were now in sympathy with them. For the great change Free Church,/ en could take no little credit to themselves.—The report was adopted and ordered to he printed. The balance sheet showed a balance at the bank of $l.l Os. 10d. The following ofScers wero then elected :—President Mr. Charles E.Parker (Penketh) ; vice-presients Rev. J. Chater and Rey, A. Scott (Southport), and Mr.T.Melling (Wigan) ;treasurer,Mr.R. A.Pilkington,J.P.(St.fieleas) ; secretary, Rev. Alex. Harvey (Widnes) ; with the following as the Executive :—Revs. Dr. Brook (South- (Warrington), F. H. 801 l (Widnes), J. ppor nt ) T. gye l'gesotn.Helens Messrs. T. Jenkinson (St. Helen F. R. Dawson Wigan), and J. Bridge (New- • ton). A public service followed the business session at which the Rev. Adam Scott preached. The delegates were entertained to tea by the local Council and in evening a well attended public meeting was held in the Congregational Church under the presidency of the newly elected President. The speakers included the folio wing:—Rev. J. Rbys Davies, Southport, Revs. F. R. Bell and Alex. Harvey, Widnes. A resolution approving the main principles of the Education Bill was carried unanimously but it was hoped the Bill would be so amended in committee that Training Colleces would also be brought under public control and all religious tests connocted therewith abolished.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

PAROCHIAL COAIMITTEE—ANNUAL MEETING.—The annual meeting of the Stockton Heath Parochial Com- mittee was held at the Hall Restaurant, Stockton Heath on Tuesday evening, when the Clerk (Mr. G. F. Ashton) took the chair pro tent. The members present were Messrs. 0. Pilling, J. H. Clarke, T. R. Westbrook, S. F. Welsby, F. Pearson, J. Hallows T. Williams. J. W. Bouchier, W. Mclntyre, H. J. 'Wes.tbrook, rind J. Swinton (surveyor). Mr. Hallows Proposed the re-elec- tion of Mr. George Pilling as chairman of the committee for the ensuing year, and complimented him upon the honour . which had been recently conferred upon him in ham; been appointed chairman of the ItUncorn Rural District Council, which carried with It a seat on thb magisterial Bench for Cheshire. Mr. H. J. Westbrook seconded, and the motion vras carried unanimously. The following committees were appointed: —Building.—Messrs. Pilling, Clarke, Bouchter, Pearson H. .1. Westbrook, Fairhurst. Whitley. Mounfield, Hallows, and Warburton. Lighting —Messrs.- Pilling, Clarke, Boucbier, Fairhurst, Whitley, I'. R. Westbrook, Mclntyre, Pearson, Williams and ‘Velsby. Sanitary Committee.—All the members of the Parochial Com- mittee. h ire Appliance Committee.—Messrs. Warburton, IVelsby, Fairhurst, Mclntyre and T. R. Westbrook.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
TIDYING UP.

The average women starts to " tidy up " directly the rest of the household departs and usually becomes so absorbed in her occupation that, being alone, she will not trouble to prepare a light lunch for herself, but simply works straight on until it is time to get the meals ready for the homecoming of the family. She „tells herself she can wait and have dinner with the .others, and naturally is too " lone up " to enjoy it. It is necessary to take some form of light nourishment during the day, and according to Sir Francis Laking,the King's physician, Ctirrant Bread answers the purpose exactly. It is a perfect food, inexpensive, light, diges- tible, and contains all the elements which sustain and nourish the human body. Being so palatable Currant Bread is the very thing for the housewife to eat at odd moments, and so pievent exhaustion.

•

===== 0002601_19060512_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
A MAD DOG LASSOED.

A New York mounted policeman, formerly a cowboy chased a mad dog along the city streets on Saturday (says the" Telegraph " correspondent). lassoing it with his lariat, hauling it half-strangled to the pommels of his saddle, and then shooting it in the head with a revolver. The dug had menaced several people, and before his capture bowled over several women and chil- dren. Such wild-western methods of capture naturally excited flinch curiosity, and the policeman was cheemd for his skill.

FOES TO MEMORY.

Scientists have discovered that the memory is stronger in summer than in winter. Among the worst foes of the memory arc too much food, too much physical exercise, and, strangely enough, too much education.

TEMPERATURE AT GREAT HEIGHTS.

Some interesting meteorological observa- tione by means of unmanned balloons are re- corded in the "Proceedings of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences." Some remark- ably low temperatures for the higher atmo- sphere are given. At a height of ten and a-half miles 62deg. below zero Fahrenheit was regis- tered at St. Louis in September. In November and December, at about ten miles 721eg. below zero was reached, and 76deg. at rather under seven miles. The lowest temperature recorded was at a height Of nine miles, in January, when the thermometer fell to Illdeg. below zero. The lowest previous record was probably that obtained by a balloon sent up from Paris in October, 1895. At a height of about nine miles it registered a temperature of 94deg. below zero.

The Examiner Saturday, May l2, 1906. SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS. MUSIC IN THE PARK. Association of Bands Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the Warrington Association of. . Bands was held at the Town Hall on Tuesday, Mr. A. Down presiding over a representative attendance. PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. Mr. A. Dow; the President of the Associat ion I thanked the members for the honour they conferred upon him by electing him in May last,year to the position of President. The Association was formed on the 13th of May, 1892—almost exactly fourteen years ago—during the whole of which time, until his death, his father occupied the position of President, and he (Mr. Down) could assure them that the progress of the Association and of music generally in Warrington were to his father,matters of the liveliest interest,and nothing but increasing ill-health ever prevented him from being with them on occasions such as that. The Secretary's report for the year 1905 was again very satisfactory and showed that the Association was in a prosperous con- dition and was still fulfilling the useful purpose for which it was formed. " Unity is strength," and if they were to advance they must preserve and foster that unity. He did not mean merely unity of membership in the Association, but also unity of purpose, by all the means in their power, to promote amongst the members of the bands, careful private study and regular attend- ance at rehearsals, and so to give in the Park, the best possible performances. Amongst the large crowds which assembled in the Park to hear the bands, there most be many who never heard any other music, except that of the street organ, and whose musical impressions were largely formed from the bands they then heard. A fine performance must, therefore, not only give a great amount of pleasure to many who had little enjoyment otherwise, but, he firmly believed, it was also one of the principal factors in inducing young men and boys to take up the study of musical instruments, and so prepare them- selves to become the bandsmen of the future. Vacancies, from one cause or another, were constantly occurring in the bands, and the young men had to take the places of the old ones whose playing days were over. They had within the past month, lost by death two musicians. One of their,—Mr. Tryal Holcroft,—was a highly-valued member of his father's military band and also of the Borough band and several other bands in, or around, Warrington. The other—Mr. Wilkinson,—with whom he was personally acquainted, was also much esteemed by the band with which he was connected. With regard to the working of this Association, he was informed by the Secretary that there were not any adequate rules in existence, regulating the composition of the bands which occupied the stand. He did not wish to suggest any course which would hamper or impair the efficiency of any band for public I performances, but he thought that the matter was worthy of the careful consideration of the committee. With regard to deputies playing in bands, he thought that any rules which might be drawn up, should .be elastic enough to allow of all reasonable vacancies being filled. Apart from a player being unable to be present through his own indisposition or that of some member of his family or from some other legitimate cause such as a business engagement, it often happened that regular players could not be found for instruments which were an absolute necessity for a public perform- ance, and any rule prohibiting the inclusion of deputies in such cases would, he thought, be a hardship on the bands concerned. Changes in the membership of a band also temporarily weakened that band until the new players found their feet, and the assistance of one or two experieneed deputies was not only desirable but inevitable in such cases. There was another matter which he would like to commend to the consideration of the committee, and that was the advertisement of performances in the Park. In years gone by, it was customary to have hung in the Warrington omnibuses, cards bearing the words "Band in the Park to-night." By the kind permission of the Tramways Committee and by the courtesy of Mr. Telfer, he was, last year, enabled to insert in the trams somewhat similar notices, on the occasions of the appearance of his father's band in the Park and he thought that if arrangements could be made to do this in all cases, the performances would be still further popularized. In conclusion, be considered the Warrington Association of Bands had had a most useful and prosperous career, and trusted that continued prosperity would long attend it. (Applause.) SECRETARY'S REPORT. Mr. B. WADSWORTH presented his report in which he stated that through the season of 1903 the weather was favourable end the bands were able to give all the performances arranged. The Association consisted of ten bands—Mr. Down's, Volunteer, St. Pauls'.League of the Cross,Bine Coat School,Borough,Padgate Industrial, Crosfield's, Walker's and Legh-street,—and it was pro- bable that for the coming season the Salvation Army Band would be added to the list. Financially they commenced the year with an adverse balance of £1 4s. 80., and closed with a balance in hand of Li 3a., 10d. (Applause). The report was approved. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The officers of the association, the Chief Constable, The Town Hall Parks and Baths Committee, and the Press were thanked fur their services during the past year. The vice-presidents, Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., the Mayor, Mr. F. Monks, Mr. R. A. Naylor, and the mem- bers of the Town Hall, Parks and Bath Committee, were unanimously re-elected. On the motion of Mr. DOWN, seconded by Mr. PETEU- SON, Mr. B. Wadsworth was re-elected secretary. Mr. J. Fairhurst was re-appointed treasuret, and Mr. A. Down was heartily re-elected president of the Associa- tion. It was decided to commence the performances on the afternoon of Sunday, the 20th inst., when the Volunteer Band will give selections. On the following Thursday evening Mr. T. J. Down's Band ,will open the pro- gramme of week-night performances. CRICKET.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
WHEN DO WE WEIGH MOST?

Does the human body weigh lighter or heavier after tho partaking of a good meal? This is a question that has been put by a correspondent. The answer is, of course, simple, for as a rule the weight of food ingested in a given time greatly exceeds the output during that time of waste products. Thus a man may consume for dinner 11b. or 21b. of food in, say, an hour. In that time his average loss by the excretion of waste' products would be about 6oz. from all sources, so that during the thne of the meal he would be adding to his weight by the weight of the dinner less the weight of the waste products excreted. The net gain in weight would, there- fore, be 10oz. if his dinner had originally weighed 11b., or 11b. 10oz. if his dinner had weighed 21b. But the waste products lost during the meal would -be entirely due to respirable products which amount to a,bout 50 per cent, of the whole output, so that the gain in the given time would be greater. ,

===== 0002601_19060512_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LIGHT OF THE FUTURE.

The results of a study of phosphorescence in animals by Professor Wlntosh seem to have an important bearing on the problem of the light of the future. The most striking thing about animal phosphorescence is the simplicity and economy of the mechanism by which it is produced. There is no waste of energy in the form of heat, or other useless emanations, all is converted into light. On the other hand, in the very best artificial light only a small percentage of the energy ex- pended in producing it appears as light. A care- ful study of

-------- ANIMAL PHOSPHORESCENCE, then, may possibly lead to great improvements in our present methods of lighting. Some interoßt- ing investigations as to the cheapest form of light carried out at the Allagheny Observatory indi- cate that man must learn of the fire-fly and glow- worm. This 'conclusion was the result of a care- ful spectroscopic study of the fire-fly's lamp, and a comparison of the same with sunlight. It was found that all the rays emitted are light rays. and that no energy is wasted as heat or other invisible radiations.

MAGNETIC EFFECTS OF LIGHTNING.

VOlcanic rocks frequently show zones of small areas, distinguished by strong magnetic polari- ties. These magnetic anomalies have been ascribed to the effects of lightning, but there were no cases known, so far, in which the respective specimens had been tested before and after lightning had actually struck. Two Italian scientists, however, mention such a real case. They were engaged in investigating the magne- tism of the rocks near Mount Etna. During a September night lightning fused the telephone wire of a house surrounded by a wall built of basaltic rock; this wall had been examined and found to be hardly magnetic at all. Tho earth wire of 2.2 millimetres diameter running along tho wall (without insulators) remained intact; next morning the stones proved strongly mag- netic at a• distance of 13 centimetres from the wire on both' sides, and the polarity indicated that the magnetising current had travelled up- ward. The lightning-conductor of a new house was also struck; the conductor, a copper wire of 8 millimetres in diameter, is held by porcelain insulators, the wire being from 9 to 20 centi- metres from the wall. The stone wall had also become magnetic on both sides of the conductor, in spite of the distance, and again the current direction appeared to have been upward.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
AN " INHALATOPIUM."

The various diseases of the lungs which 11710 susceptible of treatment by inhalation are pro- vided for in a new medical institute which has been opened in New York, where are installed the vapor6ing appliances invented by Dr. Bull- ing, of Munich. By means of these devices, a writer in Chambers': Journal points out, the liquids to be vaporised aro blown by corns pressed air into such infinitesimally fine par- ticles that they are carried by the_act of breath- ing into the finest ramifications of the lungs, and are thus able to reach directly diseases situated far beyond tho range of the ordinary inhaling-appliances. In the medical institute called the Inhala- torium special rooms are set apart for the Igo of patients, who sit for half-an-hour at a time breathing art atmosphere charged with the vapour suite,' to their, special complaints. In another room are a number of decha, each fitted with a small and restricted vaporiser ac!apted for direct application to the mouth or ncstrils. The air-compressors are fitted in the basement, and arc arranged to draw carefully cleansed and filtered air. which, after being warmed by a special appliance, is fed to the various vaporisers throughout the building.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
RACE - BREEDING.

Max Isioraatt. whose oi)inions are always in- teresting and 'often curious, has very decided notions on the snbject of the . influence of heredity on race-development. He considers that the essential thing in race-breeding is not so much the selection of particular individuals —every individual having probably latent quali- ties of the best kind—s,s the creating of favour- able conditions for the dsvelopment of the good qualities. Marry Hercules with Juno, and Apollo • with Venus. and put., them ..in slums. Their 'children will be stunted in growth, rickety, and consumptive. On the Other hand, take the miserable slum-dwellers out of their noxious surroundings, house, feed; clothe them well, give them plenty of light, air, and leisure, and their grandchildren. pethaps already their children, will reproduce the :typo of the fine, tall Saxons and Danes of whom they are the off- spring. Redeem the millions of their harrow- ing care, give them ,plenty of food' and rational hygienics, ttid , allow their natural Gympathies to work out their mittrimo;lial choice, and you will liavo done all that ie., likely to strengthen, embellish, and ennoble the race. In one word, to be largely- efilcient, it must be considered, not as a biological, but as an economic quest:on.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COLOUR OF WATER

L'lllustration, Paris, gives tho following re- sults of experiments .on this subject: " After long hesitation, scientifk men agree to-day in admitting that wafer physically pure, seen in mass, is sky blue. This eclour is that taken by the white light of tho sun when absorbed by the water, in consequence of a phenomeron the ex- planation of which would be a little long. It is rot due to the chemical purity of the water, since the sea (whi:•11 i the bleeq water) is also that which contains the most salt. Nevertheless, according to Ford's oxperimcrts, the matter in solution should he the 'predorninarlt cause of the

MODIFICATION Or coLoan; upon which act besides the matter in suspension, the colour of the bottom. and the reflection of the sky and of the 'hanks.. Consequently blue water is pretty rate in nature.; a. good many seas and lakes that give us the impression of this tint are green. The water at present acknow- ledged to be the bluest is that of the Sargasso Sea, between the Cape • Verde islands and the Antilles. . The water of the Mediterranean off the French coast and around Capri is bluer than that of Lake Leman, tnwli less blue itself than that of the lakes of Kandarsteg and Arclla, in. Switzerland. "Hitherto they have. not exactly detettninccl the relation between the colour of water and

ITS DECREE OF PURITY. The Belgian, Professor Spring, who has been a long time studying This delicate question, com- municated to the Academy of Sciences at Brussels some I teresting• figures. Pure water? containing a "-ilionth of ferric hydrate appea3 brown • under a thickness of six metres; a ten- millionth is sufficient for it to bo green; and, in order that it may remain blue, is needed less than a twenty-millionth. As to humic matter, it causes the blue colouring to disappear in a quantity lets Loan U torty-mi month. The calm compounds should have a great influence upon clarification. 'as they eliminate, up to a certaia state of equilibrium, tho ferric, and htunio som• Douada..".

===== 0002601_19060512_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
rOR CATALOG U E

<GGD:E

.E WORKS COMPETITION. --NIFICENT ENTRY. A meeting of the committee of the Warrington Works Competition was held on Monday evening at which it was announced that 95 teams had entered, whilst over 600 players were registered. Besides the gold and silver medals offered by the Warrington Club, a generous offer has been made by Ifessrs. J. W. Bibby and H. H. Evans, the Warrington captain presenting a gold medal for the best individual batting performance, whilst Mr. Evens will provide a similar medal for the best bowling performance. The competition will be opened this (Friday) evening (6.15 prompt), when Oreenall, Whitley's are opposed to Whitecross. During May the games will be confined to Friday night, but in June two matches a week—Tuesday and Friday—will be played. 'l;he qualification of a player is that he must have been employed by the firm from which his club takes its name before May Ist. It is propcsed to play two games on Walking Day afternoon. The draw for the first round is as follows :

May 11 —Greenall, Whitley, v. Whiteeross. May 18.—Smethurst's v. Cheshire Lines. May 21—Corporation (Gas and Trams) v. St. Helens Cable. _ _

June I.—Firth Co. v. Standard Bedstead. June s.—Crosfield's v. London and North-Western Loco. June B.—Monks Hall v. Naylor'i. June 12.—F.. and N.-W. (Goods) v. Richmond's. June 15. Fletcher Russell v. Pearson and Knowles (No. 2). June 19.—Newall Engineering Co. v. Dallam Brewery (Cellar Department). • The following have byes :—Bewsey Wire Rope, " Guardian," Post Office, Castle Rubber, Rylauds's, Corporation Staff, and Pearson and Knowles (No. 1).

ST. JAMES' V. WARRINGTON SECONDARY SCHOOL.— Played on the ground of the former. Owing to the continuous rain, St. James' were not able to complete • their innings: Miimrds, for St. James' bowled well, taking four wickets for eight runs and Wright three wickets for ten runs. Scores : SECONDARY SCHOOL. ST. JAMES. E. J. Mee b Minards ... 22 Rev. D. R. Davies c P. Boardman b Cart- Warturton b White- Wright , 9 house 0 Mr. Albery b Wright 0 F. Tole not out lO T. Clarke c Minards b J. Cartwright not out 6 Davies • J. Whitehouse b Davies 0 E' Bloor c Mitards b Wright S. Jones run out 1 H. Warburton c Tole b

Minards L. Wallington not out 7 A. Rigby b Minards A. Clarke b Minards 1 Extras

Total l7

Total he Original Cocoa, and a SpeoialitY. EPPis's

Distinguished from all others by its invigorating nutritious qualities and delicious flavour.

It contains all the substance

of the choicest Nibs, and main- tains its leading position as

HIGH- U7..eSS s GRADE. TENNIS APPLY TO DEALERS F DRAW FOR TH • MAO'

===== 0002601_19060512_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
COCOA

the best form of Cocoa for every-day use.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
BENSON'S

e BEST £5 Keyless Watch, is

===== 0002601_19060512_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
r

Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1/1} (56 pills) & 2/9 (168

410 i • T .1:- 5

===== 0002601_19060512_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_19060512_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
'Columbia

ie st

Circles

Upion St. J. H. DOVENER & CO.'S, Ltd. Liverpool ONCE s A S - USED Best and Cheapest for POTATOES, CORN, &o. •

DalestrAis a wonderful waterp:oor fo & HARNESS. sot tens and preserves the teat he Pleasant odour allow po:lsh log with blacking. GOLD IYIEDAL EXHIBITION HIGHEST R AWADS. Ellil fi ake.2rds,.. Stidrie'r.r,fr.E;l:6o7l.7o:7Beotor: Lona on

L ETTE RP RE SS PRINTING FETES, TEA PAR MS SERMONS MEETINGS &c., &c PROMPT DELIVERY,

PROGRAMMES CONCERTS SOIREES BALLS

FOB

PRICES RICaSONABLE,

AUCTIONEERS CATALOGUES.

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION.

REPORTS AND BALANCF.-SHEETS, PAMPHLETS, TRADE CATALOGUES. AND GENERAL PRINTING

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern on blue, white, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed 'from plate'er type.

CHICLAKS in the net style, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

PROGRAMMES fnr Entertainments, Concerts &c.. in the latest artistic style.

SPEClALfacilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

SICK, RECEIPT, and S.I3BSCRIt I lON BOOKS Printed. Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

HANDBILLS. in 18rge or-small quantities, cheap Mid effective.

HYMN PAPERS for School, Eermons, Sercicee of Song. Festivals, &c.

CATALOGUE?. for Public •Ind Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tr's(batmen.

PRICK LISPS Printed on card or paper 'Hue trated, If regnlred.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

PRINTING.

OF EVERY DESCRIPTJON

IN ALL ITS BRANCBES.

DANCES: BAZAARS.

CONCERTS. MBETINGF.

SPORTS. SERVICES, TA PARTIES. ANNOUNCEMENTS.

Attention is invited to our Nlct9 FOUNTS or TYPE and WOOD LETTEII for Large Posters. FOll ALL IaNDSIOF NEAT PO/DIM EXTRA LANGE SIZE, 40 a 63 One Sheet.

, . . ISEEPAO,II.:, RIGHTI '

===== 0002601_19060512_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & Co.

''EXAMINER" oFFICR. WAERINGTON ••••••mi.m.em.•

fr -NT Qrv--1 -.-N7 EFL OICZ 411 O• eit/t-i •

• ''., ~`,,,"•`..'...')• '.:4....6,••;, '...,,,5"•ii' 7""T.',..: IL ..!;:i.i ''.'....,!..r.,.,-....:,,,;,;.-.:7.. .'ii.:-...'-..'..*:'......',..- !,.,:474.;?•,..:;...,,ii,;‘.?-..:;.;...4,.4i4.hW.....,....'('• . .......... .. ~ . ~..............

===== 0002601_19060512_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in t 1 all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. •

===== 0002601_19060512_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Association Football.

Sir,—ln further reply to " Full Back "I have to state that in replying to correspondence, my replies are framed on lines to suit myself and not the individual I reply to, and If it will assist him in furthering his scheme,my two previous letters under this heading may be taken as "examples of the domineering attitude of the League towards its members." When the Warrington and District Football Associa- tion is a public institution the public will be presented with accounts without a request from him.—Yours truly,

T. P. BRADSHAW.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
A Foreign Shoe.

Sir,—l have received from Spain a quantity of alparagata shoes. These shoes cost a few pence per pair, are made of cloth'with hemp soles and have been much talked of in the Press of late. It struck me many of your readers might be interested, so I will gladly for- ward these samples, as far as they will go to any who would care to see them. lam informed these shoes are universally worn in Spain aed that barefooted people are rarely seen there. 3, Lunt-road, Bootle, Liverpool.

HELENA KENNEDY.

(Our correspondent also encloses a letter from her cousin Mr. J. 0. Donnell, a schoolmaster in Ireland, thanking her for some of the shoes and remarking that he remembers reading about the alparagata shoes in the 'St. Helen's Exfoniner," some years ago when he was teaching in St. Helens.]

===== 0002601_19060512_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Street Paving.

The Property-Owner's Point of 'View. Sir,— I was much interested to note the attitude of Alderman Tinnion and Councillor Stott re the new order for street paving. Councillor Stott considers it unfair that property- owners should object to their streets being paved, and trusted the Committee would not be deterred from this work. In order to reassure Councillor Stott the Alderman announces that there is another batch of streets as long and—happy vision—still another, and for himself he will pursue an evenhanded course of justice. Obviously, with iludibras, For all he says he has a reason, For all he does a word in season And ever ready is to quote, Authorities for what he wrote." Tam curious sir to, know the reason and authority ' for " even handed justice" in this latest order. In it there are streets completed ten years and streets half I made. Streets with curbs and without. Streets that I form the centre of a district and streets that lead only to green fields. Streets where curb and side-walk have been put in and the centre cindered and kept dry so that after a storm they are in a better condition than parts of Sankey-street and Knutsford-road. And in this same order there are streets that resemble inluld seas 1 and miniature lakes. In other words streets where they have done everything possible, except paving, and streets where nothing whatever has been done. Will the Alderman explain the " even-handed justice," of this order to the owners who have done all they I could? Bet if one is curious to know the alderman's idea of " even handed justice "they may surely be pardoned I for awaiting with interest Councillor Stott's conception of fairness. Those who have watched his strange career in the council can well believe his ire is roused by the spectacle of those bloated capitalists, • the property owners, asking for consideration as they see the sword of Damocles suspended. They can well believe that Councillor Stott's method of fairness is to spend other people's money and thrust burdens on other shoulders that he never touches with his little Roger. They could forgive his advocacy of a variety of crude, ill-digested and fantastic schemes and projects,. that prove his mental limitations and economic ignorance, for like Nello ; "he knows many things but knows them all badly," if he himself contributed bv even a single penny to the cost of these experiments. 'Let Councillor Stott explain, if he can, what difference the enormous increase of rates has made or can make to him ; and if be is sincerely anxious to be fair let him advise the Council to devise a system whereby the vast bulk of the house- holders are made to directly feel the cost of the local expenditure, and not as now : shrink the margin of the unfortunate property owner, so that he will be saved from this travesty of justice,where those who select the tune do not pay the piper and can " Compound for sius they are inclined to By damning those they have no mind to." I enclose my card and am, &c.. CIVIC REFORMER. •

===== 0002601_19060512_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Religious Education.

Sir,—The Government's Education Bill continues to receive the severe criticism which so important a measure deserves. Fair criticism cannot be objected too, nay it is very desirable, but much that is directed against it is certainly not upheld by calm and dis- passionate reasoning but is supported by extravagant language and a distorted and exaggerated view of the intentions of its author, It was generally admitted that the task imposed on :qr. Birrell of forming a Bill which should lay the bogey of religious dithoulty by meeting the views of the many sects was an impossible one and his efforts thou to this extent have realised expectations. Admitting thn im- possibility of satisfying the men of extreme views then it is to the moderate men of sweet reasonableness to whom we look with hope for a satisfactory workable solution of this vexed question, an end so apparently unattainable that we almost despair,and feel that noth- ing short of complete secularizing of the elementary schools will be effective however much we regret it. The assertion that the Government has no mandate from the country to deal with the Education question is surely a preversion of the facts. It was given a prominent position in the address of every candidate, questions relating to it were repeatedly submitted to them,msetings were held on the eve of the elections by at least the Roman and Anglican Churcjaes and manifestoes issued advising voters how to exercise their privilege, and we see daily how members are being called upon to exercise their votes in accordance with their promises. If this Government has no mandate to deal with the subject what justification can be offered for the Govern- ment which so radically disturbed the previous settle- ment by their Act of 1902, sweeping away popularly elected School Boards which were admittedly doing a noble work in the cause of education, substituting a system of doubtful control and of more than doubtful efficiency to deal with so important and complex sub- ject. It was felt and admitted on all sides that such a settlement , and under such circumstances as the Act of 1902,c0u1d not be final and the Bill now under discussion is the natural result and sequel to it. Voluntaryists who from selfish motives have for years past opposed the creation of School Boards on the plea of extrava- gance now find themselves confronted with a system even more extravagant which is more directly felt whilst not as popularly controlled. But for their policy several provided schools would no doubt have been doing a use- ful work in our midst instead of a number of schools many of which do not answer the requirements of the Board of Education, nor is it possible by reasonable expenditure to make them. Great credit is due to the Anglican Church for its work in the cause of elementary education by the provision of schools but surely this was the legitimate duty of a wealthy and richly endowed State Church in return for its privileges rather than the impossible task of struggling Nonconformity whose riches and strength consisted in the earnest religions zeal of its living members rather than in the wealthy endowments of its pious dead. Still efforts have been made by them in this direction which have been successfnl even against an ungenerous opposition. I _ .

The Roman Catholic Church deserve more than a pass- im,: recognition as their schools have been built by con- tributions generally representing the sacrifices of the very poor on behalf of their faith and their children. Voluntary schools however were generally established as nurseries for the Churches of the denomination to which they belonged rather than as means to the educa- tion of the child. and sadly too often the selection of the teaching staff was governed by other considerations rather than their aptitude as elementary school teachers. In three veers experience of the School Attendance Committee I have never known a parent originate this so-called religious difficulty. They have been practically indifferent to the class or denomination of the school provided it was within reasonable distance of the parental home, and to my own knowledge children of Protestant parents have been educated in the Roman Catholic school who in later years have become earnest and usefnl members of the Anglican Church. If the Clergy, the Priest or the Parson, their personality, influence and opinions could be eliminated from the discussion pf this question the religious difficulty would disappear. The'gentlemen jealous of each other and of their privileges, judging by their correspondence are not overburdened with Christian charity, seldom in practical sympathy with the P ft or t s to solve those social problems on which depends the happi- ness and comfort of the masses, yet are generally keenly alive to their individual and collective interests. As in most rules there are exceptions, so in this, but these noble and self sacrificing men only prove the rule. We can agree with the Bishop of Durham—" The principles of the Education Bill are sound and right, in detail there may be difficulties and desirable alterations; the worst thing about it is the imtemperate language of the Clergy " With these men the joy of battle is one thing the interests of the children and the school another. They have no disposition to look upon the advantages of the Bill, but take every opportunity to enlarge upon details which seem to curtail their privi- leges. The main principles of the Bill, i.e., popular control and the abolition of religious tests for teachers are vital to the Rill and opposition to these by the churches will I am sure be a great mistake. Farseeing Churchmen recopalsed that when the Voluntary schools accepted rate aid the demand for complete popular

control would naturally follow and also that teachers as public servants should be freed entirely from sectarian control:ft is a measure of simple justice to the Noncon- formist teacher that there should be a recognized equality and that they should not be denied access to the 12,000 or 15,000 rate aided schools hitherto closed to them because their consciences were not sufficiently elastic to accept a religious test in which they dis- believe. •

Surely the advantages offered by the Bill are not to be despised by the Churches. It provides for religious teaching in every school. It allows definite religious teaching in Church schools two days a week. It leaves the Church in lull possession of her school, keeps them in repair for her and pays about .f. 500.000 annual rent for use of same. And yet the Bill is described as an Act of confiscation, spoliation and robbery by men who ought to know better to audiences who have not tired' or disposition to form an opinion for themselves. All this strife and bitterness is on the part of those who put the Church before the child, to secure or otherwise the privilege of teaching creeds and dogmas to the children of from four to four- teen years of age in attendance at our elementary schools,practically the children of the labouring classes. Are we then to suppose that the thousands of children in attendance and being taught in otherthan elementary schools which recognise no dogmatic teaching, are all going to the bad ? If not, why ? Is their saving grace the social status of the parents? To the sugges- tion that religious teaching is the work of the Church and more particularly the Sunday school, a dignitary of the Church replies:"We should never get the attendance" Why not? Is it because of the indifference of the parents, those who are represented as crying out for the dogmatic teaching in our elementary schools? If so, then it is very undesirable that the coercive measures of the Education Committee should be employed to compel them to accept a teaching to which they are so indifferent by including it in the schools' curri- cula. As the discusssion has proceeded we realise how the sects detest each other's religion and how alarmed lest their own truths should be taught by one outside their communion and that the Bible is so great a terror that some clerics would ban its use in the elementary schools altogether unless accompanied by their special dogmatic teaching. Bible teaching as adopted by the L.C.C., Liverpool and other school boards has been described as a milk and water diet without the milk. Well it is upon this teaching more than half the children of the coun- try have been nurtured many years and which has been eulogised by such men as the Present Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr. Tait, Cardinal Manning S:c., and of which Dr. Ryle when Bishop of Liverpool said : "I thank God for the Board school of Liverpool, I wish them all prosperity. Had it not been for them a large number of children now respectable members of society would have become a danger to the community." Whilst Ido not demand secular education I do not fear it with the Headmaster of Nottingham High School ".1 fail to conceive of any school where conduct is not an essential subject of instruction where children secure training in citizenship, neighbourliness,pnrity, honesty, kindness and the like. Nor do I believe that a school- master is devoid of any principles of citizenship and morals except those which are "systematically scheduled" in a" legal curriculum." The settlement must be on national not local lines. We must not for- get that more than half the present cost of Education is contributed by the National Exchequer ; the lesser half by local rates. The nation has generously accepted the principle that the education of a child in a broad sense shall be the duty and care of the State. Succes- sive Governments may make active or passive resisters, but the " new factor in British politics " who has gained his valuable experience in the turmoil of every- day life in his struggle for existence knows the exact value of religious education as applied in the factory, workshop, or in commercial life, and ultimately he will settle this as he will many other questions by the appli- cation of common-sense principles. GEO. WALKER. Springfield, Padgate, Warrington, May Bth, 1906.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4,"

===== 0002601_19060512_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"i&dff

===== 0002601_19060512_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADES COUNCIL AND MR. CROSFIELD, M.P.

THE TRADES DISPUTES BILL.

At a meeting of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council on Tuesday evening, the Secretary (Councillor F. Stott) reported that in accordance with instructions given at the last meeting he addressed the following letter to Mr. A. H. Crosfleld, M.P. :—At a meeting of the above Council held yesterday a resolution was unanimously adopted as follows : 'That I be instructed to write asking if you will kindly inform us why you did sot vote for the Trades Disputes Bill which was introduced by Mr. Hudson, MP., on Friday, March I 30th." Thanking you in anticipation of an early reply, I I remain yours faithfully, 14 RED STorr. On April 21st, continued Councillor Stott, he received the following telegram from Athens : "Councillor Stott. ' Warrington. tour frank and polite inquiry received. Replying by to-night's mail. Crosfield.' On April 20th he received a letter which he would read to the Council Councillor Stott then read the letter (a copy of which appeared in a recent issue of the "Examiner") in which Mr. Crosfield explained that he "paired "on the occa- sion of the introduction of tka Trades Disputes Bill. ' He (Councillor Stott) did not reply to the letter because he thought the members of the Council would probably instruct him in the matter.

The Chairman (Mr. Ptuain) said that however some people might think Mr. Crosfield had shirked his respon- sibility with respect to his Parliamentary duties,he had certainly not shirked their letter. . Mr. GREALET said he was not satisfied with Mr. Crosfield who had disappointed him. They did not send the member to Westminster to pair with some- body else. They sent him there to look after their interests, and two of the most important questions on which Mr. Brostleld was elected were Chinese labour , and trades disputes. He (Mr. Grealey) looked upon Mr. Crosfield at one time as being almost equal to a Labour I candidate and the working classes stuck to him and I returned him by an unprecedented majority. He thought Mr. Crosfield had acted dishonourably to the working classes of Warrington in not voting on the Trades Disputes Bill. He was committed ou Chinese I labour and the trades disputes question and he had ignored both, He (Mr. Grealey) thought the Council ought to censure the member for his neglect and insist on him being in his place in the House. Never mind the ancient games at Athens ! They did not want them but social reforms in England. One member who had not time to fulfil Parliamentary duties had resigned like a man ought to do, and if Mr. Crosfield could not fulfil his duties as member for Warrington he ought to be called upon by that Council to resign and let them I elect a man of their own. Mr. Grealey concluded by ' movjng : "That this Council censures Mr. Crosfield for his absence from the House of Commons during the discussion on the the Trades Disputes Bill." Mr. EIOWLISTON seconded. They as trade unionists could not agree with Mr. Crosfield's absence on such an occasion. He did not even state in his letter whom he had paired with, and they had to take his word for it. How " pairing" could count two, he (the speaker) failed to see. If the members of the Progressive Labour League were not ashamed of Mr Crosfield they ought to be. I-Lahoped the trade unionists would see the lolly of their ways and not support Mr. Cros- field again but go irt for a Labour candidate. Mr.T. SNIFTFI said he did not see why the Progressive Labour League ought to ha ashamed of Mr. Crosdeld He had given thorn a good explanation of his absence from the division on Chinese labour. lie had paired in order to attend a meeting at Warrington, hut was taken ill and could not attend it. Had they any right to condemn a man because he was taken ill ? He, thought it would be wrong for. them to do so. He as a member of the Progressive Labour League was not ashamed of Mr. Cro,sdeld and if he had been present when the letter was proposed at the last meeting he should have explained. He I happened to know who Mr. Crosfield had paired with, but he would not enlighten them now. He would move an amendment that they did not pass a vote of censure. The SEE'IiFiTARV said he did not think the amendment was necessary as those who did not, agree with the resolution could vote against it. He was not going to support the resolution for many reasons. He did not think they ought to pass a vote of censure. Mr. SMITH: No. It is a shame. The SF.CIIETARX: No it is not a shame at all; but Mr. Crosfield does not represent this Council. If he were a labour man financed by the Labour movement we should see that he was in his place Continuinr, he said they must not mind what the Pro- gressive abour, League said. Mr. Crosfield never had been and never would be a Labour man and he would not be satisfactory to the Trades Council. He (Coun- cillor Stott) considered the reply was nothing less than an insult. Mr. Crosfield ought to have been satisfied to have answered simply the question put t 3 him. it was not fair to the political sections who were affiliated with the Council to stiffer an insult like that. They had men belonging to that Council who called themselves Conservatives—they had just as much right to be Con- servatives as Liberals—and Mr. • Crosfield ought not to use a question from that Council to insult the Conservative party, to make an attack on it, and to try I and show what a valuable Government we had at the present time. Of course, he (Con:16110r Stott) did not comprain of Mr. Crosdeld's absence. He had a perfect right to go to Athens or anywhere else. That Council did not pay his expenses and if he preferred to play golf instead of being in the House to vote on the ques- tion of trades disputes he (Councillor Stott) did net see that they ought to complain. Mr. GILF:ALEY : He is pledged. The SECRF:TARY : But not to this Council. Mr. Smith: We never complained when the ex- member was representing us. The Sec:Bp:Tarty said they did not ask Mr. Crosfield to pledge himself on the question of trades disputes or anything else and they would be taking a wrong step if they passed a vote of censure. Let Mr. Crostield go on in his own way. No doubt he would make a good Liberal but he (Councillor Stott) certainly resented any statements, especially by trade unionists, that Mr. Crosfield was as good as a Labour man. He said dis.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 12, 1906.

tinctly that there NV IS just as much need for them to take steps to secure a Labour candidate to uontest the next election as there WAS when Mr. Pierpoint repre- sented them.

sented them: Mr. Plerpoint, of course they knew, did nothing and Mr. Crosfield had not done much more up 4 to the present time. He did not think they ought to blame Mr. Crosfield so much as the workingmen of Warrington. Some of them know perfectly well what they would get if Mr. Crosfield was returned. He (Councillor Stott) was not disappointed ; he was not surprised. He did not, however, agree that the Council should pass a vote of censure on a gentleman who had not given any pledges to the Council and to whose expanses they did not contribute. They ought to rest satisfied to receive his answer. Of course, the letter was displeasing to him (Coun- cillor Stott) and he also felt annoyed to find that Mr. Crosfield after saying he had sent the communica- tion to the press, only sent it to the" Guardian " and " Examiner,' and entirely ignored the " Observer." He hoped when that Council in future sent a courteous letter to Mr. Crosfield, he would reply to that Council and not make an attack on the Tory party or any Ither party: Mr. HOWLISTON suggested that Mr. Grealey should I alter his motion to one merely expressing dis- satisfaction.

Mr. GREALEY : No. I think we have a right to censure him. He ia. our representative._ •

- Mr. EDGE supported the resolution. It might be the fact that Mr. Crosfleld did not pledge himself to the Council but he did pledge himself to the trade unionists of Warrington and that Council was composed of trade unionists. He contended that the trade unionist vote did as much as anything to return Mr. Crosfleld—and not only him but many more Liberal members. It would appear that Mr. Crostield thought more of the Progres- sive Labour League than of his constituency and he (the speaker) considered he was deserving of a vote of censure. _

Mr. J. PODINIORE thought there was no doubt that Mr Crosfield got a groat deal of support by his talk in favour of the Trades Disputes Bill. The only Bill before the country when Mr. Crosileld spoke was the Bill framed by the Trades Union Congress and he undonbtedly gave him (Mr. Podmore), the impression that he was a strong advocate of that measure. Seeing that the Council was a representative body, they ought to express an opinion on Mr. Crosflold's action in the matter. Considering that the question was one of the main planks in his speeches, he should have made every effort to be present when the Bill came before Parliament. He (Mr. Podmore) hoped, however, that there would be no making of political capital out of the matter. He was very much surprised to see Mr. Crosfield's letter published in the Press because he considered that a communication from that Council was deserv- ing of a reply to that Council and n3t to the public Press. The letter ought to have been read to the Council before the Press received a copy. It seemed as if Mr. Crosfield could not trust their Secre- tary to give a straightforward readirr, of any letter he might send. He (Mr. Podmore) certainly thought the Council ought to express their dissatisfaction with Mr- Crosfield's not having been in his place. Speaking as s trade unionist and as representing, he hoped, the feeling of the trade unionists of Warrington, he thought they i had been taken in by Mr. Crosfield's action in] not being present on such an important occasion. UndoubtEdly the• Trades Disputes Bill was the most important question before the country as affeoting trades unionist. There was no doubt that the Conservative party had been making political capital out of Mr. Crostleld's action. They were doing so for a purpose. They thought they would get a Conservative candidate in next time and it was the duty of Labour men to see that they did not. If they wanted a change at all, they most have a Labour man. Hada Labour man been the member for Warrington, he would have been in his place watching for every oppor- tunity to forward the interests of Labour. ,fr. Pier- point always courteously replied to their letters but it should be stated, while capital had been made out of Mr. Crosfield's letter, that Mr. Pierpoint never did any- thing for Labour. .7.. f Mr. Pierpoint had been called the member for Cyprus," they would have to dub Mr. Crosfield the "member for Greece." Ho (Mr. Podmore) agreed with the Secretary that they had no right, to censure Mr. Crosfield but he thought they wore perfectly justified in saying that the Council, as representing the Trade Unionists of War- rington, was dissatisfied with his not having been in his place on such a momentous occasion. He moved as an amendment: "That this Council expresses its dissatisfaction with the reply of Mr. Crosfleld and at his absence from the House of Commons during the , discussion on the Trades Disputes Bill introduced by Mr. Hudson, M.P." Mr. GREALEY said he intended to push his proposi- tion to the vote as he felt keenly on the matter. He was taunted by men whom he had asked to vote for Mr. Crosfield. Mr. E. PLINSTON seconded the amendment. He did not think there was anyone among the constituents of Mr. Crosfield who was more dissatisfied at his early action in the House of Commons than he (Mr. Pliaston.) He certainly looked upon Mr. Cros- field as the lesser of the two evils that were before them at the general election. He might say at once that he agreed that they would have done a great deal better— and he spoke as one who had a very distinct interest in , Labour matters—if they had had a Labour man in the field. fie differed from tie vote of censure because the., had no right as a Labour Council to censure a man, on the grounds named by Councillor Stott. He took it that it was the duty of the Liberal party of Warrington to censure Mr. Crosfield, but it was not the duty of the Trades Council to dictate. He hoped that Mr. Crosfield might amend his ways and work and vote in favour of Labour measures with the support of Labour men and so prove himself of some service to the town during the time he represented it. Mr. W. BULLOCK supported the amendment on the grounds that the delegates expressed their personal feelings at that meeting and he would not pledge his society to a vote of censure. He was dissatisfied at Mr. Crosfield's absence, but he was afraid that if they were to begin sending censures so early in the session, they would have to continue sending them. He was afraid Mr. Crosfield would not please them all through- out the sessions of Parliament.

On a vote being taken the amendment WAS carried by 19 votes to 7. After some further discussion It was decided to send a copy of the resolution to Mr. Crosfield.

I case, and that the present Education Bill was a matter how long and severe the battle was to be. magnanimous Bill he thought there could be no doubt. (Applause). They took their stand on the Bible for all (Hear, hear.) To give certain privileges to a certain teaching and living. It was a cruel thing that in the section meant the deducting of rights from someone Nation's schools there should be any party which else and in that case the granting of privileges meant insisted upon the stamping of sectarianism upon the deducting of rights from the multitude so that it the minds of the children. They wanted to Fet was essentially magnanimity that Nonconformists, one beyond that—and he thanked God that half the nation half of the people of the country, were in favour of the had been above that—and see that only Christ in the Bill now before Parliament. (Hear, hear.) The time true, free spirit, should be impressed upon the heart of had now come to talk about rights—the right of full the child and that mere sectarianism should be put on popular control of institutions fully supported out of the one side and held in abeyance. If, however, in the the public money—and there ought not to be any inter- cause of peace they had to allow the teaching of dogma ference with the full exercise of those rights let the it should be out of school hours and at the expense of consequences be what they might. (Hear, hear.) He , the denomination which desired the instruction and not objected to the , in the school time and at the expense of the public and . ... „. . . .

CHARGE AGAINST FREE CHURCHMEN 'by public servants. (Hear, hear.) And so -they took of identifying themselves with party politics. He felt their stand and lifted up their voices and hands and the sting of that charge when Churchmea began to influences for the preserving of that Book, and tol have lecture the Dissenting parson for activity in party it read and taught in the public schools, which had politics. To-day the most energetic of the politicians built up the noblest human charities and had made and were not nearly so violent as were the former lecturers was making the greatest nations on the face of the of the Free Churchmen who had been saying far more earth. (Applause.) surprising things than ever Dr. Clifford said. (Hear, On the motion of Mr. E. J. Guest, seconded by Mr. E. hear.) They were making a great deal more clamour ; Plinston, the speakers and the ladies who had assisted than Free Churchmen did in 1902 when the action of at the tea were heartily thanked for their services. the Government came a great deal nearer to the centre of things to them than the present Bill did to , Churchmen. (Hear, hear.) He felt that that violent OUR LOCAL CHUCHES. opposition to the Bill was not going to do the Episco- palian Church any good in the country,and,whatever;the (Continual free'. Page 3:) ultimate outcome, WOuld not make the establishment any safer in the regard of the English people. (Applause.) I Preachers for Sunday. Continuing the speaker said it was really a pleasure to Wycliffe Church, 10.00 and 6.30, Rev. John Yonge. read Mr. Chamberlain's speech on Wednesday evening , Bold-street, Wesleyan Church, 10.30 Rev. J. Manning; and to see a return to his former and better style. It . 6.30, Rev. J. Gunnell. was a pleasure to be , able to agree even with Mr. I Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church, 10.30 Rev. W. Mellor ; Chamberlain once in a why. (Laughter.) With regard 630, Rev. J. Manning. to the education meeting to be held at Warrington on 1 Latchford Baptist Church, 10.3-0 Rev. J. F. Matthews Friday evening, he had no doubt that everybody present ("In Apostolic Days ") ; 6.0 Rev. J. F. Matthews admired Lord Hugh Cecil. He was a foeman worthy of ("Our little systems have their days.") the steel of their strongest. He was a thoroughly ! Baptist Church, Golborne-street, 10.30 Rev. H. honest and uncompromising man—a man who carried Dunnico ; 6.30 Rev. S. Anderton (St. Helens). conscience into politics. (Applause.) He hoped the Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church. speakers at Friday's meeting would address their remarks less to the Free Churches than to Mr. Chambe- ! The Sunday School anniversary services held at this lain. (Laughter.). It would be interesting to see church on Sunday were highly successful. There were Lord Hugh Cecil in opposition to Mr. Chamberlain and large congregations and in the evening the church was c answering him as he no doubt would answer him. He crowded. The preacher for the day was the Rev. J. (the speaker) could not help rejoicing that they had Grange Bennett, Conrtexional Evangelist,who is a mem- such splendid mei representing them in the House of her of a well-known local Methodist family. His power- Commons as they had to-day. Mr. Lloyd George— ful discourses were listened to with great attention. (Applause)—and Mr. Birrell deserved well of the Non- In the morning his text was : "She bath done conformists for making it clear that they were not what she could," and the evening sermon was based : ashamed of their Nonconformity, though sitting on the on the words "Run with patience the race that is front Bench of the House. (Applause.) It was certainly set before us." There was special music by the choir, the first time in all modern history that Nonconformity the anthems being " 0 Worship the King " and "The had been so grandly represented. He was intereated Radiant Morn "which were very creditably sung. A also in reading the speech of Mr. Bryce who took back . musical service was held in the afternoon. Mr. Frank their thoughts to the three hundred years when there Harris presided and Councillor Brough delivered an was no creed imposed on the Christian world and when address on " The prodigal son." The music included the anthem " Sun of my soul," the duet" Love divine" there seemed to have been a wide latitude for variety Mrs. Arthur Parkinson and Mr. Barker, and the solo of opinion throughout the Church, when the Church S was in some real sense one. Most of them looked , " Behold I stand at the door" by Mr. ough. The ; forward to the time when the Church would again be school children sang appropriate hymns. Mr. W. H. one ' Payton, Mus. Bac. ably presided at the organ at all the services. The collections realized the handsome sum of 230. Are Socialists Atheists. The Baptist Church, Golborne-street was crowded on Sunday evening., when the Rev. H. Dunnico preached upon the subject "Are Socialists Atheists?" The question, he said, was one of supreme importance, because the Socialist body was a growing power, in every civilized country throughout the world. If , Socialism, therefore, was synonymous with atheism, I and hostile to the Christian Faith, then those who believed that the key to all social questions was to be found in the Gospel of Jesus Christ could not do other than do their utmost to kill and crush the movement las detrimental to the highest welfare:of the world. The ! question they had to answer then was this : Are we justified in terming—as some people did term— I Socialists atheists? His answer was an emphatic "No." Such a charge was baseless and with- out foundation. There was a thing termed : Socialism which was both a crime and a curse, ; just as there were systems of religion which were vile ' and loathsome; but just as religion could be essentially Christian so could Socialism. An atheist could be a a Socialist, a Christian could be a Socialist, but neither their atheism nor Christiauity was the product of Socialism. Just as a man could accept Darwin's teach- ing in science without accepting his views on Christianity, so could a man accept Robert Blatchford's teaching in sociology without joining him in a tirade against the Christian religion. Socialism pure and simple, was an economic doctrine, the soundness of I which might or might not be questioned. It was unjust and untrue to denounce Socialism as atheism. It might be true that some people were Socialist because of selfish motives, but some people were professed Christians for the same reason. Some Socialist might shout " down everything that's up," but that was an explosive form of a principle good in itself. Christian people in their zeal and bigotry had carried out things equally ; unjustly. In conclusion, the preacher said that whilst , Socialism would not in itself make men angels, social injustice did make men devils. ! Bishop;of Liverpool and Sunday School Instruction. • Sermon at Warrington. Special services on behalf of the Sunday school were held at Holy Trinity church on Sunday. In the morn- ing the Bishop of Liverpool preached, taking for his text" He saith unto me, Feed My lambs.' " He said those words formed the great Education Act of the Church of Christ, an act passed not by a Parliament of I fallible men, but by the Divine Head Himself, for all centuries, and for every nation under heaven. He was there to speak on behalf of the Sunday school, and he would like to remind them of the place the Sunday school held in the Church's system, and how it was endeavouring to carry out the command of our Lord. The Sunday school could never take the place of the day school, the home, or the church. When Robert Raikes in 1731, moved by the ignorance, squalor, and godlessness of the children of Gloucester, opened the first Sunday school, he taught within its walls not only the Bible, but, quite I rightly, reading, writing, and arithmetic for those poor ; children who could neither read nor write ; but, for all i that, it was a school of religious cult, because they were tau gh t to read the Word of God. When at last the Church of Christ in this land—both the Church of England and the Nonconformists—awoke to a sense of their respon- sibility and founded the two great educational societies, the National Society and the British and Foreign Society, this secular work of the Sunday school was gradually transferred to the day schools, but the 'day schools were also used for religions instruction. It was constantly said in the present educational trouble that if secular education became the law of the land in our elementary schools,the Church could fall hick on her own Sunday schools. He ventured to emphatically. repeat that, good as the instruction might be in the Sammy schools, it could never tako the place of the day schools for three reasons—firstly, that the time given for the religious lesson, which would not be more than thirty-five minutes, on a subject so profoundly vital and pervading as religion, could not be taught adequately in one lesson lasting thirty-ilve minutes once a week; secondly, devoted, earnest, and able as many of their teachers might be, the fact that some of them had not been tl a ined to teach anti to give that sole religious instruction in school to the children might, well flit them with dismay. They might be doing their best, but they could not accomplish the impossible. Finally, if secular reducation prevailed in the day 'schools, and the Sunday schools alone gave religious Instruction, then a large number of the children who needed it most would never receive it. In the afternoon the Vicar (Rev. E. C. B. Carleton) preached and at the evening service the pulpit was occupied by the Hon. the Rev. C. F. Cross, Vicar of Stratton.

WHERE WERE THE DIFFICTITIES:?

They were not with the Free Churchmen. He ventured to think with what delight they would bold spiritual fellowship with the men who were going to speak, politically so'opposed to them, on Friday night. They would have no difficulty in worshipping with either one or the other. Somehow there remained a great difficulty on the Angican side. The Church could never be one because they were unable to allow—perhaps it was inherent in an Established Church—that breadth of opinion, and yet in spite of all their laws they had wider varieties of opinion within their fold than there were amongst the Free Churches outside it. Continuing Dr. Brook said he disliked the idea of Free Churches being taken up too much with pa:ty politics, but he recognized that they could not and ought not to endeavour to entirely divorce Christianity from politics. (Hear, hear). It could not be done any more than they wanted to divorce it from any other depart- ment of life. Dr. Brook went onto remind the audience of the great influence Christianity had had on public life at all times and showed what a part it had played in epoch-making movements. The rev. gentleman pro- ceeded to emphasise the functions of the churches.lt was their business to;keep open the channel of infinite good so that there might ever be an inexhaustible supply of energy to maintain the cause of reform. It was also their business to keep certain ideals before the minds of the people. The great ideal of the brotherhood of man was the principal of these. Even in England people often spoke of the lower orders as though there was no universal kinship. Snobbery was in fact so universal that it seemed almost as though it would be the last devil to be driven out of the world. Another high ideal was the dignity of the individual. Recent events in South Africa—the treatment of the Chinese— made him wonder whether the attitude of the British people had changed, but they had found that there was the deep-rooted feeling that no slavery should exist on British soil. (Applause.) It seemed sometimes as I though they were being deflected from their great ideals, that they were inclined to worship money, but deep down in the hearts of Englishmen was the belief that one must not be a plutocrat to be noble but that the masses of the people should be ennobled and made the children of God, and they could not have that sense and be true to it without ultimately revolutionising the world. (Applause.) 1 DR. TOWNSEND AND BIBLE 'LEACHING.

The Rev. Dr. TowNsTsNo said he must cordially agree with the speech of their Chairman. He was sure they were all better for having had the truth put before them as it had been in a spirit of such moderation and charity, and he trusted that spirit would characterise them throughout the great controversy in which they were engaged, and until the victory was won for justice and righteousness. (hear, hear.) He was deeplysorry that they had to meet in a controversial sense. It was not, however, of their seeking. It had not been of their seeking from the very first. As Free Churchmen they had never sought a battle in their history. Every fight they had had for 400 years had been forced upon them by the arrogance and assumption of those who opposed them, and they had been obligod to stand out in defence of the rights of Christian citizenship. (Applause.) They had the old spirit in:them'still find would never sheathe their sword until they had planted the New Jerusalem in this bright and sunny land. (Applause.) They as Free Churchmen on that question were not party politicians. Christianity in politics meant the uplifting of the citizen and the purification of the country, and therefore everyone who loved Christianity and righteousness should be possessed of a spirit of citizenship. It was not as party politicians they fought that battle, hut if there was one political party in the country which honoured THE DRINK INTEREST which would endow the drink interest and would turn an ' annual licensa into a freehold tenure, and if there was s party which would grapple with that evil and try to destroy it as a Christian man and a lover of his country he would take his stand with that political party and would fight to the death the other side. (Applause.) On the other hand if the other political party tavoured the drink traffic he would be found fighting it. He felt that in speaking mull fighting on that great' question he was doing as religious work as he ever did in his life. He did not fight the Conservative party as a Conservative party. He fought it as the party of .-exclu- siveness, reaction, sectarianism and injustice. He said they were bound by their principles as Free Churchmen and as standing for a Free Church and a Free Chris- tianity in a free land to drive out intolerance and exclu- siveness of every kind, and especially in regard to the children, who were the great russet of the nation. He would a thousand times over that the education question were settled, and that they could give over their whole strength to driving out the drink demon and struggling with the great questions of over-crowding, sweating and gambling, and the other evils and wrongs under which the nation was suffering and bleeding at every pore. Sectarianism during our whole history had interfered with the standard and prosperity of our education, and it was now too late for sectarianism to intrude again. (Applause). The speaker proceeded to express satisfaction at the aboli- tion of the dual system and religious tests for teachers and said the latter step necessarily excluded sectarian teaching at the public expense or in the public time or by public officers. If that were not so, there was no settlement of the question and they had years of con- troversy and bittereess before them. Mr. Chamberlain had appealed to the prejudices find bigotries of the House of Lords to deal hardly with the question when it came up. Let them try. (Applause). But they would not try. The House of Lords if it showed very little judgment and understanding in regard to the high- est questions in politics, it had strong instincts. (Laughter). He had an objection along with many others ,to the four-fifths clause. He thought that was a concession a great deal too liberal in the direction of sectarianism. At the same time he would sooner concede that than lose the Bill. They must strain their utmost energy to get the clause altered and amended in committee but he trusted that the Bill as it stood in fell its essential parts would pass into law before long and would prove the founda- tion of a system of education as high in quality and as noble in standard, arid Ks firmly established on the principles of equity and righteousness, as the whole world could show. (Applause.) Wkilst he rejoiced in the attitude taken by the Bishops of Hereford and Carlisle, Dean Stubbs, Canon Hensley Henson and others, the great mass of the Church of England had expressed a DEADLY OPPOSITION

A NEW CHURCH ORGAN. Messrs. Brindley and Foster, of Sheffield, London and Glasgow, have recently erected an organ in the Marsh- lane IVesleyan Church, Bootle, Liverpool. A gratifying feature in connection with this instrument is that it is the gift of the P.S.A. Brotherhood to the trustees of the church, and the latter are to be warmly congratu- lated upon the acqutsition of so fine an instrument. The action is the firm's latest form of tubular pneumatics, constructed according to the recent patented inven- tions of Mr. Charles F. Brfndley, giving absolute promptness of speech with perfect repetition. Its tone is characterised by great breadth in the foundation tone stops, while the softer and solo registers are remark- able for their beauty and individuality, and when the full organ is used, agreeable surprise is aroused at the musical effectiveness, produced by a comparatively small number of stops. Following is the specification :- GREAT ORGAN Compass CC to c 4, 61 Notes. 1. Bourdon 101 t. wood /t metal 61 pipes 2. Open Diapason Bft. metal 61 „ 3. Harmonic Flute Bft. wood & metal 61 „ 4. Dulciana 81t. metal 61 „ 5. Principal 4ft. metal 61 „ 6. Doublette 21t. metal 61 „ 7. Posanne Bft. metal 61 „ SWELL ORGAN Compass CC to c 4, 61 Notes. 8. Violin Diapason Bfl. metal 61 9. Lieblich Gedact Bft. wood Sr. metal 61 „ 10. Vox Angelica Sft. metal 19 11. Unda Mans 81t. metal 49 12. Geigen Principal 4ft. metal 61 13. Grave Mixture II ranks metal 122 Horn Bft. metal 6 „ 15. Oboe Bft. metal 61 „ PEDAL ORGAN Compass CCC to f. 30 Notes. 16. Great Bass 16ft. wood 30 „ 117. Sub Bass 16ft. wood 30 „ is. Flute Bass Sft. wood 30 „ COUPLERS Manual to Pedal. Manual to Manual. Great Manual on Itself. Swell Manual on Itself. 19. Great to Pedal. 20. Swell to Pedal. 21. Swell to Great. 22. Great Super Octave. 23. Swell Sub Octave. 24. Swell Super Octave. Three Composition Pedals to Great Organ. Three Composition Pedals to Swell Organ. Reversing Pedal controlling" Great to Pedal" Coupler.

to theßill.Hekne;;lha-t-t'he audiences at the great meet- ings which had condemned theßill had been carried:away by inflammatory speeches and the matter had been put before them in the wrong I ight, but after all the attitude of Lord Hugh Cecil, the Bishop of London, the Arch- bishop of Canterbury and the great body of Churchmen showed him (the speaker) that the quarrel they were engaged in and the battle they had to wage w3s the old question of " priest against Bible and Bible against priest." (Applause.) They were told from every quarter that simple Bible teaching, to use the words of Lord Hugh Cecil, would undermine Churchmanship. That meant that in their conviction in their heart of hearts those men knew that the doctrines of priestism and sacramentarianisra were not to be found in the Word of God. As Free Churchmen they stood by the dictum that the Bible bnd the Bible alone was the religion of Protestantism and they were not going to surrender that principle for any clericalism, or anylteaching of priestly dogmas of sacramentarianism,no

===== 0002601_19060512_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE OF A MOTOR BICYCLE.

Sequel in Warrington County Court.

At the Warrington County Coart on Thursday, before his Honour, deputy judge Cuthbert Smith, Mr. George Venn, Sankey-street, sued Mr. W. J. Brown, electrical ' engineer, 3, Percy-street, for £lO, the price of a motor bicycle sold to the defendant. Mr. A. Browne appeared for the plaintiff, Mr. T. S. Steel representing the ' defendant. Plaintiff's case was that he had a motor bicycle for sale, and the defendant approached him with regard to the machine, and took it away to try it, Mr. Venn, agreeing, if the defendant was satisfied to sell the machine for £lO. Defendant returned a day or two later and said the machine had stopped about twenty miles away and would not go. Plaintiff examined the machine and found that it had stopped through want of lubrication. Thereupon the defendant took the machine away again and on the 2nd April telephoned to Mr. —Venn and said he was keeping it and ' would see him the following Thursday. Mr. Venn heard nothing from the defendant and the following i Monday sent nan account for the machine. The next day the bicycle was returned in a damaged condition. The crank had been broken and replaced by one of an entirely different pattern. The compres- sion was damaged and the number plate had been ' wrenched off. Later the same day the defendant telphoned and said he was returning the bicycle. Mr. Venn said the machine had arrived at his shop and that he took it under protest but refused to keep it as the purchase had been completed. On the 19th April he (Mr. Browne) wrote to the defendant, who a few days afterwards took the bicycle away again but returned it three days later, Mr. Venn being away at the time. The bicycle was in such a damaged con- dition that it was practically worthless. Plaintiff, cross-examined by Mr. Steel, admitted that on the sth April he wrote to the defendant asking whether he intended to keep the machine. Defendant contended that there was not an out and out sale, but that the machine was sold with an option of return. He tried the machine on the 21th March, when he went to Widnes. On the way back the machine stopped and he had to walk back. He oiled the machine at Widnes. On the 2nd April After another short trial, he smashed the cycle crank trying to start;the machine and sent it to the Mersey Cycle Company to be repared, giving them instruc- tions to return the machine to Mr. Venn. After the receipt of Mr. Browne's letter he went to Mr. Venn's shop and took the bicycle away to bare it valved. He was advised to refuse it and returned it to Mr. Venn. His Honour gave judgment far the plaintiff for the amount claimed with costs. His view of the transaction was that the defendant purchased the machine,and then, not being satisfied, tried to get out of it.

CORNS CURED IN SIX HOURS. By Heath's Magnet Corn Cure. FAILURES NEVER OCCUR NO PAIN. Ask for HEATH'S MAGNET CORN CURE, an invention that has never failed in a single instance • a triumph in painless and rapid corn curing. Price, 7i'd.; double qunntity Is. Sold by all chomists, or post free from HEATH BROTHERS, Wholesale Druggist, 3, Blackfriars-street, I‘.anchester.

Famous Cheese-Maker's Death. 11r. Benjamin Dutton, a well-known Cheshire farmer, died on Wednesday evening after a brief ill- ness. He was a famous maker of Cheshire eheese,and a few years ago carried off many first prizes at the Cheshire dairy shows and at London.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FREE CHURCHES.

ANNUAL MEETINGS OF THE WARRINGTON COUNCIL.

The Education Question.

PRESIDENT'S PRONOUNCEMENT.

The annual meetings in connection with the War- rington Free Church Council were held on Thursday and were highly suceassful. In the atternoon a well- attended service was held in the Bold-street Wesleyan Church and an eloquent -address, was delivered by the Rev. J. E. Roberts, M.A., 8.D., United College, Manchester, successor to Dr. McGaren, who based bis remarks on the texts, I. Corinthians xv 31, and 11. Corinthians iv 10. At the conclusisn of the service a tea was held in the Bold-street schoolroom to which a large number sat down. This was followed by a public meeting in the evening presided over by Mr.C. E. Parker presideat of the Warrington Free Church Council, and president of the South Lancashire Federation of Free Church Councils. He was supported by the Revs. D. Brook, M.A., D.C.L. of Southport, Dr. Townsend, Prestatyn, C. L. Stowe, J. F. Matthews, and H. Wall. [There was a large attendance and great enthusiasm I marked the proceedings. The Rev. J. F. Xlatthews lapologised for the absence of the Revs. S. Pitt and J. Manning, who were attending the Wesleyan synod at IPreston.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS.,

The PRESIDENT said : It is much to be 'regretted that so much of our time and thought at these meet- ings has, at present, to be taken up with the subject of national education. Not that the matter is of secondary importance, for the children are the nation's most precious asset, and it is of the utmost importance that we should have their education arranged on just and equitable lines. But I regret that th lecessary dis- cussion of this topic absorbs the th . and thought ' which we would like to give to other religious and social questions. (Rear, hear.) it is to be hoped that by the time we again meet in this capacity, an Act will be upon the Statute Book of this realm which will satisfy the sense of justice which is a characteristic of the English people. (Applause.) At the moment the air resounds with discussion in Parliamant,the Press,the pulpit, and the platform. We hear on all sides the clash of conflicting ideas. Unlike some I cannot see any- thing to regret in this. It is an evidence of the power and depth of our several convictions and of the variety of the human mind. (Hear, hear.) It is not the nren who, rightly or wrongly, think, feel, and speak strongly on these matters that are the. danger to national well- being and progress. It is the indifferent, the proverbial man in the street who is too. lazy to think of the prin- ciples involved, whose .mind does not 'grasp their importance, whose vision is narrow, who is for peace at any price, and who is like the drift-wood carried hither and thither by the strongest current that happens lc surround him. The discussion going on in this country is

EMINENTLY HEALTHY AND INVIGORATING and should not be deprecated. But to make this dis- cussion fruitful of good we must see to it, that what- ever side we take, we exercise moderation in language, soberness and clearness of judgment, accuracy in regard to facts, and above all, and through all, a Christian charity which will change the discord of conflict into an ultimate if far off, divine harmony. The centre of the present storm area is in the Anglican denomination, recognized by law, the Established Church of this country. I must ackpewledge that there are occasions when I have been disposed to be glad that there was an Established Church, and such occasions arise when as in times past the Church has nobly risen to the height of its responsibilities, expressed the national Christian feeling, and given voice to the conscience of Christian England. But recent utterances of some of the Church leaders will tend to make every Free Churchman who views with toleration the existence of an Established Church incline to the opinion that the Church has definitely retreated from the position of a National Protestant Church, the Church of the Reformation, and has gone back upon the teachings against which the Reformation was such an emphatic protest. (Hear, hear.) According to these utterances the authority of the Church ranks above that of the Bible, that the Bible should not be used unless interpreted by the Church. This tendency to magnify the Church has been recog- nised and protested aeamst by Churchmen as much as by Nonconformists. Tile Dean of Ripon said at one of the recent meetings of Convocation : " they found parents complaining that in the schools where clergy- men were teaching, the children were taught that the Church meant the Episcopal Church, a,nd in England it meant the Church of England in its narrower sense. The Bible is disparaged on all hands. The Church is put first and the Bible second. The children are told that the Church is to teach them, and the Bible is put in their hands as a proof of what the Church has said. Instead of teaching the little child the Psalms and the Sermon on the Mount, and bringing him in contact with God you are saying teach him the ideas that are the Church's teaching, and if he can get , hold of the Bible and verify it for himself, he may. The Bishop of Birmingham (long known as Canon Gore) says :' "to detach the Bible from the Creeds and the Sacraments of the Church and to treat it as self-explana- tory and capable of standing alone is to treat it in a totally unhistorical way, to treat it as it was never meant to be treated." Do you grasp the assumption contained in these words and their logical outcome? It is this, the Bible must not be taught unless it is accompanied by the Church catechism, creeds, and sacraments, and the high ideals of the Sermon on the fount must not he allowed to exercise their elevating influence unless under the organization and supervision of the Church. Happily we believe that these utter- ances many sections o? the Church.o n think the Church has ywree perbeeseelnat one be o f sorry so departed from its traditions, and histsry, as to DISPARAGE THE INFLUENCE OF THE BIBLE unless accompanieilby man-made creeds. (Applause.) many quotations might he given to show that many of the Church leaders have not departed from the belief that the truths of the Bible are accessible to all and that this simple teaching is powerful in its effect on the heart of man. Let one suffice. The Bishop of Manchester (who unhappily has spoken wild and in my opinion inaccurate words about the Education Bill) six Tears ego when Bishop of Coventry at a public meeting in Birmingham during a School Board election quoted with approval from a sermon of the late Head Master of King Edward's Grammar School and used these words: he confessed that the cry of the impossibility of undenominational teaching amazed him. There was no hook in the world which was so near-to the heart's com- pass as the Bible. Men who read the book di fTerently. but read it ' sensibly still find that was the effect it had upon them and that was the effect he desired to produce in the child,and whatever a teacher could do to enhance that effect without sectarian bias, they would give him liberty to de so." And yet strange to say this same Bishop is one of the most violent opponents of the present measure. On the other hand, Lord Hugh Cecil, who is to sneak to-morrow night in Warrington said at Bradford : " it was perfectly true that much of the teaching given in the past in Board schools had been, es many people declared, of great spiritual value, but it was also true , that that teaching was contrary to the idea of the ' Church, that it tended to undermine belief in Church- manship, and therefore was unfair to the Church of England." Think of it, a teaching which on Lord Hugh's own admission is of great spiritual value is to ' be jeopardised on the ground that it tends to undermine , Churchmanship. The

NA.RROWNESS OF VIEW and the escclusiveness implied is deplorable, and we can only say that if Bible teaching which is acknowledged to be of great spiritual value undennims the beliefs of the Church so much th 3 worse for those beliefs. (Applause.) In striking contrast ere the words of the Bishop of Carlisle, who says : " I will not sacrifice on the altar of my denominational doctrines,however sacred and sublime to rne,the spiritual hope of the nation and the religions training of hostsof children whose only opportunity of learning of God and their own divine origin and destiny is in the day school. To do other- wise is in my judgment not only a great national betrayal, but moral and soiritual infanticide in a stupendous scale." (Applause). It is much to be deplored that the Church of England should be so divided in regard to I3ibical teaching. Against the tendency—a tendency coming from various quarters,— towards secularizing the national schools the Estab- lished Church unhappily presents a divided and there- fore a weak front, a powerful section in that Church saying in effect if you do not have our creeds and our catechism in the schools you must not have the Bible. Surely as long as the establishment continues is it not reasonable to expect that it should be national in its sentiments and express and support in the national life those great fundamental Christian beliefs which alone can he called national? (Applause). The Church stands in great, DANGER OF LOSING. ITS NATIONAL CHARACTER, and if it elects to oppose the retention in our educa- tional system of the fmriamental truths of our national faith unless accomp.anied by the teaching of dogmas which half the nation do not accept, the time will be brought very near when it will forfeit all title to be callel the National Church. (Hear,hear), Let us then strenuously support the present education measure because it gives the surest guarantee for the training and disciplining of moral character and the building up of Christian citizenship, and achieves that end by pro- vision for the inculcation of moral truths, common to tho various sections of Christians, from the book which has been called with truth "the source of England's reatness." (Applause). FREE CEIURCHNIEN AND POLITICS.

The Rev. DAVID BROOK M.A., D.C.L., alluding to the education controversy said they were called upon to be magnanimous. It was their nature to be magnani- mous and they could not help being so in that particular

===== 0002601_19060512_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
..;'...i,:';::,,,:::..•—:',,.;e%'?,';.,.:''

===== 0002601_19060512_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
.•,.,:.'',,./:.,,.',:-..',,•,;.',',:',:t...;•:,,::;...,,?,,.i.

===== 0002601_19060512_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS.

Latest Quotations.

BANK RATE 4°l. SETTLING DAY 31sT MAY 1905. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES-FRIDAY NOON. Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. BRITISH FUNDS. X Consols 91% 100 ...89i 21% Annuities 100 -954 21% Annuities 100 .SEQ Nt. War Loan 211 Red 1910 lOO .981 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO ..991 Bank of England Stock lOO .2921 India Stock . lOO .104 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian lOO .110 Glasgow & S.-W. Prof. ord. lOO .64 Great Central Deferred lOO ...181 Great Central Preferred lOO _381; Great Eastern 100 .83 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. -106 ...44 Great Western lOO .135 Lancashire and Yorkshire lOO .104 London, Brighton & South Coast 100 ...134 London, Chatham and Dover 100 .15 London and North-Western lOO .156 London and South-Western lOO .154 Metropolitan lOO .71 Midland Def. Convd. Ord 100 .67 Do. Prof. Convd. Ord 100 .67 North British 100 .44 North Eastern Consols lOO .140 North Staffordshire i. ..100 ...100i, South Eastern 100 .88.1 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific 100 .1641 Grand Trunk of Canada lOO Do. Guaranteed Guaranteed 100 .104 ... Do. Ist Pref. lOO .118 Do. 2nd Pref 100 .1081 Do. 3rd Pref lOO .641 BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Greeton 5% Cum. Prof. lOO .111 Bell and Co. Ord lO .111 Bents Brewery Ord, lO .51 Boddington's Ord 10 .81 Chester's Ord lO .1I Groves & Whitnal 51 Cum. Pref 10 -.71 Guinness (A.) Son & Co, o.rd. lOO ...510 Manchester Ord. lO 2 Parker's Burslem Ord. 10 .10 Springwell Ord 10 71 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO Walker (P.) (P.) & Son 5% Chin Pref 10 ...101 TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE • Anglo American Telegraph Ord lOO -.66 Nat. Telephone Prof. Ord. 6% lOO no do. Def. Ord. lOO .111 do. Ist Prof. 6% lO -131 do. 2nd Prof. Minimum 6% lO 114 Nat. relephone 31% Deb. Stock lOO ...106i TRAMWAYS. Blackpool & Fleetw'd Tramroad lO -121 British Electric Traction Ord. lO .it Man. Carriage and Tramways A -71 ...30/0 do. do. B 5 -15/0 do. do. C 3l -15/0 Southport Tramways 5 .3 INDUSTRIALS, &c Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51% Cum Pref. 1 15/3 Bleachers Asso. 5. Cum. Pref. ../ .; 1 -22/0 Bov.\ Ord. (7% Cum.) 1 9210 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 25/0 Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Prof. 1 21/9 British Insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 61 British Insulated and Helsby Cables o'7; Cum. Pref 5 .6 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ordl ...5 Brunner Mond and Co.,Ltd. New 10 ...51 Brunner i Mona and Co. Ltd. 7% Prof. lO -171 Buxton Lime Firms lO -61 Calico Printers Ordinary 1 14/0 Castner Kellner Alkali 1 22/6 Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 51 Crosfleld (J.) & Sons, 5% Cum. Pre. Pref. 10 .101 Crosfields, 411. Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO .101 Crosfield, 41',.. 'A ' Deben lOO 981 English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 25/6 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO 81 do. do. do. do. B 8 6} Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ordl ...39, G Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cum. Pref 'lo .121 4% Dehs. Red. _ 100 98 _ Hunters ' -

rearnen Ord. 1 .34 Lever Brothers, 5 Cam. Prof. 10 —l2;

(3

;um.

, Prof. . 5 —A': Nantyglo Sc Blaina •S'', Pref. 621 —.Bl Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 ...4i do. do. 6';',, Cum. Pref. 5 ...6 Public Benefit Boot 6% Cum. Pref 5 ...5 Perrins Ltd. Ord. 1 —2/6 Richmond Gas Stove 5: Meter Ord 1 —.3510 Richmond Gas Stove .44 Meter 6% Cum. Prof. 5 ...6 , Salt Union Ordinary 4 ..1016 ' United Alkali Ordinary lO —59/0 do. do. % Cum. Pref. lO ..11 do. do. Deb. lOO .103 Vulcan Foundry 1 26/3 Wigan Coal 3: Iron Co., Ltd.... 7.4 —Xi do. do. do. do. do. l6 E4l Warrington Land & Property Co , -- Ltd. Ord. 1 ..176 do., do. do B Shares 7 .42 Warrington and Distriet Billpost- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. 176 —l7/6 SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. -10 —25/6 do. do. do. Perpl. 5',:, Pref 10 —36/6 MINES. British South Africa (Char) 1 ...3116 Charter Trust and Agency , 1 —l9 Cons. Goldfield of S.A. 1 East Rand Rand Proprietary 1 ...4g , Flenderqons 1 ..10/0 Johannesburg Consolidated 1 .. 25/0 Kaffirs Consolidated 1 —.19/0 OCeaßtl9 1 —lO/0 Rand Mines 5/- ...6 Randfonteins 1 111n,desia Exploration ' 1 ...2g, Tanganyika 1 —.44 Transvaal Estates 1 _l4lO Salisbury Buildings ...IS/3 The above list and prices have been compiled by .\ ressrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Sharo brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable.

EDUCATION. ! ARCHDEACON SPOONER'S VIEW. " A National Peril." In the course of his first visitation charge at the, Warrington Parish Church on Wednesday, Archdeacon Spooner said theJ Education Bill, bearing the name of Mr. Birrell, but which, he thought, was probably very different from the one which he originally drafted, had introduced a grave religious crisis. They were con- fronted by a grave national peril, the possible outcome of the present controversy being a purely secular or , godless system of education. In view of that, as it ' appeared to him, it would be their wisdom to assume a firm but conciliatory attitude, and above all there should be a rapprochement between those who valued religion ' as the only reliable, because true, foundation of a national system of education, and Churchmen of all shades of religious opinion must present a united front, and speak as with one voice. It must be made a lay, not merely a clerical question, and parents must be aroused to the endangering of their God-given rights. , Teachers in their day schools, the majority of whom , Might be reckoned amongst the most devoted sons and daughters of the Church, must grasp the fact, and pro- test against the injustice of it, that their claims of con- science and liberty of action were being interfered with. The present administrators of the heritage of the past who held—and that for specific purposes—the proceeds of the generosity and religious feeling ot Churchmen of preceding generations, must realise that the sacred character of trusts was seriously imperilled. Last but not least, what about the children themselves ? Were they td be practically taught that religious instruction stood, in the estimation of the nation, on a level of unimportance as compared with all lessons ; that it was to be regarded as an "extra." not as vitally essential ? Were their eternal interests to be forgotten ? E 1 e believed that it was possible to bring about the secession from the ranks of the Nonconformists and apparent supporters of the bill of a large number of true-hearted men who still placed the vital claims of religion before that of political • partisanship. They must see to it that a healthy and earnest public opinion was at once fostered amongst all the religious-minded men and women of the nation and an emphatic and determined protest must be Uttered, not simply by Churchmen, but by all Christians. The present crisis needed to be grappled with by the laity even more than by the clergy.

Warrington.—Printed and published by JOHN WALKER tt Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNES: 32, George-street, Sr. HELENs: 3, Market Street, EARLESToWN; Church-street BC:SCORN, May 12th. 1906.

,A t Lipton Ordinary 1 Meldrom Bros., 5i% Pref. 1 ...17/0 Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord. 1 do. do 7'',, Cum. Pref. 5 ...7

===== 0002601_19060512_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19060512_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
W YCLIFFE CHURCH. BEWSEY STREET, 4TERTNGI'ON. SUNDAY NEXT, MAY 13TP, 1906. PREACITER : RIW. TORN YONGB. Mornlnit 10 70 Evening' 6.30. USUAL OFFERTORIES.

BAPTIST CH ITHCF, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDaY), MAY 13th MR. PRIrACATR • REV. JOHN FRANMS MATTHEWS. Mentatito 10.30.—" In Apostolic Days." EVENING T.—" Onr Little Systems have their day." OFFERTORIES.

BOLD STRTT WES LF,YAN CHURCH, wARRINGTON STINHAY NBXT. MAY 13. At 10.30 Rev. S. MANNING• At go Rev. JOHN 6UNNBLL. All Weleme. H B k$ provided. c'°

BEWSBY Tin All WERLEYAN CHURCH wARPTNoroic ON qiiNnAT AEXT, MAY 13TR, 1906. At)() Eev. wiyr, MEMLOR. At C. 31 Nev. J. MANNING. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BAPTIST CHUROII, GOLBORNE STREET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY MIXT, MAY 13ra. ' Morning 10 45. REV. HRIEBIIRT HEINRICH. Evening 6.30. REV. SRBASTIAN ANDERTON, (St. Helene.) ALL SEATS PURE. HRARTY WRLCOMR. Mr: DUNNICO will preach on Wednesday next at 8.15.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON IFIORSIC PARADE. Tbe PARATIR will be NRLD on SATURDAY, 9TH MRS, tnstead of Saturday 2nd June as previously advertised. SIITIUBS CLOSE SATURDAY ZAD MEE. J, FULTOh-SMITH, Hon. Treasurer. A. H. CLIVE, Hon. Seoretary. Reypt et., Warrington.

LLESMERE-STREET WRISLEYAN !MISSION. GRAND BAZAAR BOLD-3TREST WESLEYAN SCHOOLROOM IN AID OF NEW 5CH,101.5 RECENTLY BUILT. MAY 'ern, 17TH, AND ISTn, AT 2.30 P.M. EACH DAY. WEDNESDAY. MAY 16T0. MRS. R. 13. &Bram, fro,. CHAIRMAN, J. H. WITHENSHAW, 146 Q. 4katIRSDAY. MAY l'hm. B. 3, MILFORD. B9Q. (Lyaim). CHAIRMAN. J. TAYLOR. Esq.. L.D.S. FRIDAY. MAY 18T5, 3. B. ISAAC, ESQ. CHATEAUX. ALDERMAN BENNET t', _ADMISSION :—First day, le., after 6 p.m. 6d. ; second day, all day ; third day, 3d, all day; Season Ticket, is. 6d. Entertainments, &c. Selections by MR. T. B. BARTON'S BAND, MISS LLOYD WILLIAMS' BAND.

WARRINGTON PHOTOGRAPHIC SOCIETY. 211tTlignAY NEXT, MAY 17TH, TO FRIDAY MAY 25Ts. , EXHIBITION OF PICTORIAL PHOTOGRAPHS AND L&NTERN SLIDES IN THE MUSEUM ART OALLBRY. ADMISSION FREE., Rzlionnox WILL BE OPENED ON THURSDAY NEXT, AT 3 P.M. BY ALDERMAN lIHNNEITT, J.P. ) 4413 WILL REMAIN OPEN EACH DAY FROM 11 A.M. TO 10 P.M. TEA BOOM (MODERATE TARIFF.) MUSIC AT INTERVALS. ILLUSTRATBD CATALOGUB.-••THBEEPENCE.

AssociATlON OF . soma ots, GREAT mERTING OF CHURCHPEOPLE TO PILDTRsT AGAINST TH3 EDUCATION BILL. PARR HALL, (TO-DAY) FRIDAY. MAY Ilna, 1906. CHAIR TO BE TAKEN AT 7.30 P.X. SPEAKERS THE LORD BISHOP OF LIVERPOOL, • LORD HUGH CECIL, TEN ARODEACON MADDEN, AND OTHERS. CHURCHPROPLE, RALLY IN SUPPORT OF YOUR FAITH. YOUR CHILDREN. AND YOUR So}Tools. ADMISSION FREE, EY TICKET ONLY. TO RE OBTAINED FROM THE CLERGY AND CHURCH OFFICER. RESERVED SEATS, ONE SHILLING EACH. JAMES DAVIES, Hon. See.

tl(1001i1 Y—HOROIIO II O—F WARRIN—GTON--.-- VICTORIA PARR HOWLING GREEN. , b,,19 ()Tlen TS lIRRRRY GIVIIN that this Green will be . "11-OPIRSRD TO THR PURLS() from SATURDAY, the 1,9 l h limy, until the 30th of STIPTRIIdBIOR, each day (except gilnday) from it a.m., to the closing of the Park. CHARGES. Pot hire of bowls and use of green (1 hour) ?aeh 2& boor afterwards Id. For use of green, player using his own bowl. (2 hours) 2d. tach hour afterwards , Perrone using the green mutt Comply with the Regulations 111 force. Town Hall, Warrington, I J. LYON WHITTLE, 11th May. 190 S. Town Clerk. ____--

W ARRINGTON INFIRMARY PST EN SION AMOUNT REQTIIIIRD £ls 010. THR XTENSION COMMITTER APE'S AL for i SUBSCRIPTIONS tl the Extension of the INFIR- IdARY. : Eubecriptions may he mid into any of the Local ''':"'Llltinks, or ti the Hon. Tr easwer at the Infirmary. W. PETER RYLANOS, Chairmen of the Extension Committee. GRoBoR DAMN, Bon. Treasurer. 'Bay 12th. 19C6. E s. d. l',..bomas R. Shepherd Req.. 4.,.. Aylmer Frost Req., LP lOl 0 0 ,Tessrs. John White and co 3O 0 0 "'homes Atherton Beg ,5, Folly-lane 5 5 0 ~...harles R. Bunch Reg ...Mellen!. John Lent an Sons TeSsrs. Royal Court Theatre CO. Ifred J. Xing Beg.. M.P.. ... ~."• Rymer Young Beg.. LP., ..:... It4lll Grace the Duke of Norfolk ...Cy. T. A. J. Ridpath +Messrs. Rogers Bros and C 0.,, Amount previously acknowledged 3435 5 0 ------

VIUNTY BOROUGH OF W ARM OTON.— tee t,The MARKSTS COMMITTRB INVITE TRADERS 11,9 a tenancy of three Shops in the Market Hall. to y " tenanc of the shops may be tendered for tingly or - Ail • Ir° Information required meth tenanry de. may be obtained to t, ne Markets inspector at his Offioe. -n.:tere seenrelv fastened addressed to the Chairman of Onljarkets Committee Town Hall, to he delivered at the the ;,nt the undersigned not later than 12 o'clock on Monday 4st May. To. J. LYON WHITTLE. Town Clerk. Nal I, warringt on , May. 1906.

qHREIIIIRE CoUNTY COUSCIL.—THE EDUCA- Boit,TION COMMITTEB OFFBR A NUMWOR Ole tetnu",LARSHIP3 To females for instruction in Dairy Work. u'e for 15 weeks at the Dairy Institute, Worieston, and Thrncing on Monday May 28th. eoMmlitee also offer a number of Scholorshlps to th•for instruction in Agriculture and Gardening, tenable pft° Agricultural College. Holmes Chapel. Menhirs in reg4rd to each of these sets of Scholarships, "thee with forms of applications may be obtained from 11. P. WARD, Director of Lineation, Rdueation Offices, City rd., Chester.

ACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A HEW SEIBETIFIC 4: METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfiction. SETS 20S. GOLD.JNLA.YI44OS. MACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, • 86, CHURCH-ST, Al WA/MASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS. 11 to 7.3 C WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT Mn. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS. 1 to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH-S T ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M4TO 8 P.st. MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY ATTENDANCE DATLT 9 A.M. TO S P.M.

GRANO SUCCbSS OF TOOLE'S M ANUR ES. RECORD SALE LAST SEASON. GRAND RESULTS. lestimonialefor this Season from all the Leading Farmers of the District: SPECIAL CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE. Analysis: AMMONIA sto 6 per cent. PROSPHATE 20 to 25 per cent. PRICE .£5 per ton, Free on rails, Warrington. SPECIAL COMPOUND MANURE. Analysis : AMMONIA 3to 4 percent. PHOSPHATE 8 to 12 pet cent. PRICE £3 Per ton, Pre P on ralle,]Warringtoni JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER. WARREN GTON. Telegrams : " Toole, Warrington." National Te ephone 222

BOWLING GREEN BOWLS. • 430WLING GREEN BOWLS. GEO. AND THOS. ROYLE, BOWLS FOR BOWLING Galt/INS, 42, SACKVILLE-STREET, MANCHESTER. Nat. Teteptione. 2924. BEND FOR PRICES AND SAMPLES.

VLOWERS DIRECT PRONE SCILLY ISLES 1 South of France. and principal growers in England on commission at wholesale prices. McDERMOTT, Cheapest Man Alive, Wholesale Market. Warrington.

R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS TRAVELLING REQUISITES, GLADSTONE BAG (CiiP7 HIDE) From 20s. Od. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. Id. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL CENTRAL BUILDINGS, 4IA, NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

EXPERIENCEDNIaIe and Female NURSES at a moment's notice for all cases. —Apply It'RSES TN TI r VON, Hope House, Rope at., Liverpool. Telephone 2570, Royal. Telegraphla„ Address, Nurses'

KENT & SON, JEWELLERS SINCE 1760 70, DEANSGATE (opposite Barton Arcade.) MANCHESTER, ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE OF SPECIALITIES POST FREE • OX APPLIOATION.

HAIR COMBINGS made up IV- per oz. COVRRLETTR I TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURR FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. 5/6 T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

MUSIC. ATE' EMLYN DAVIES A.E.C.NI , The Eminent ILL Baritone, will visit Warrington'each week and is PRE- PARED TO TAKE PUPILS IN SOLO SINGING AND VOICE PRODUCTION.—For terms apply CASTREFLE, Stockton Heath, Warrinittrn.

BUY A TXTALDEMAR -Db lANO V V ALDEMAR lANO FEOV THE SOLE AGENT, TOM BOOTHROYD, 9, SUEZ STREET, WARRING-TON. The tone, touch and case-work is all that can be desired, and the price is moderate.

THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE HAVE PURCHASED THEIR HOUSES WITH THE MONEY THEY WOULD OTHERWISE HAVE PAID AWAY AS RENT. WHY DON'T Your The PROVINCIAL HOMRS INVESTMENT COM- PANY offers an admirable and profitable means of saving, combined with exceptional advantages enabling you to become your own Landlord. MOST LIBERAL AND EQUITABLE TERMS. CHIEF OFFICES: 2, MOUNT STREET, MANCHESTER, .I.ND 60, CHEAPSIDS, LONDON, B.C. THE COMPANY HAS ALREADY ADVANCED OVER £200,000 TO ITS MEMBERS IN ASSISTING THEM TO PURCHASE PROPERTY. Under the same management— THE LONDON 81 PROVINCIAL ASSURANCE CO., LIMITED. CAPITAL-210,0M Assurances of every description at the lowest possible rates. REPRESENTATIVES WANTED. Respectable, energetic persons in all distrietr are Invited to apply for part-time agency appointments. Most liberal terms. Previous experience not essential. Applications also Invited from suitable persons fer positions as Superintendents and Organisers.

SMOKE SUDLOW'S" OLD BOY'S " TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE Is. 7D. PER LB. TIN; Es. PER LB. 1 T. SUD LOW & WHOLESALE AND RIITATL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICK ST,, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 414 Y.

MARSH'S YOR WRINGING. MACHINES. HARDWARE STORES : 53, SANKEY SI.. WARRINGTON. SHEFFIELD CUTLERY, HIGH-CLASS Lein, • OIL-STOVES, OILCLOTHS, ,tc. EVERY REQUISITE FOR SPRING CLEANING.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms No.l. BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. OAGII ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR BALE. New nd SEcond.hand Furniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Privete Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture, &0.. warehoused.

BNAT . ADSWORTB, sOLH AGHNT FOR THR WORLD-FAMED PIANOS or JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 5). SANKEY-ST.. WARRINGTON,

LEACH'S MARVELLOUS PRICES.—GOOD • WELL SRAEONAD OILCLOTH 2 yards wide Is. 2d. per rad. Genuine TOUGH CORK LINO 100. per square yard. 0000 A. MATS Is. Op., ANGORA. MATS 30 x 12 la. 100. Art SQUARES and CARPET SQUARES from Ss. 3d, and nil OTHER GOODS for FLOOR coVSEING EQUALLY CHEAP at 24 AND 26, SHUDEHILL, NEXT TO NEW MARKFT, MANCHESTER. OPEN TILL 7. SATURDAYS 9.

• f• r ALAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHBFFIBLD MARL WARRANTED, POST FREE 2.5. 6.,35., 4s. 6D., AND ss. 13D J. O. DODD. 10, ST. JOHN'S LAN% LIVERPOOL. BALY9 INCREASING DAILY.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST BvRR OFFERED TO THE PUNIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND Is. BD., Z.kca WHOLESALE BE J. GEDDES et SON, LTD:, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1833.

AINS. HOS. CLARKE+ STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, " EXAMINER ".OFFICB, 33, MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRE3ENTS.

THE EMPIRE FURNISH ENO CO. 300 & 302, STOCKPORT-ROAD, C-on-M. (Corner of MILTON-STREET), MANCHESTER. NEWER DESIGNS, BETTER QUALITY, CHEAPER PRICES, z and LOWER TERMS Than any other house in Manchester, and above3all, the DBPOSIT IS QUITE OPTIONAL In Manchester and surrounding districts are thousands of would-be purchasers who tremble at,the lice of the Hire Purchase sTateux OBSTINATE FRIENDS. and ANERVOUS RELATIONS will say—Avoid the Hire System. BUT WHY? Because they don't know the EMPIRE FUR- NISHING CO., and their methods of dolno business,and that they like to treat their cushion- ere as they would like to be treated ; and THEY DON'T ASK YOU TO SIGN ANY j OBJEC- TIONABLE AGREEMENT. ALSO BECAUSE If you are If you meet with an accldent. If you lose your situation. Or have any other misfortune, UDE EMPIRE WILL SAY—I If you are unable to pay we don't' expect you to pay ; and In no case Ao their customers ever lose the value of thelmoney they have already paid. COME AND SEE THEM: YOU NEED NOT ?BUY. Catalogues of Terms are sent Post Free,Or their Representative will call on receipt of Postcard. E DIPIRE FUR NISHINC4 CO. 300, BTO KPORT-ROAD, MANCHESTER. OPEN 9 eats. to 9 p.m. ; Wednesday. 9 a.m. to:' p.m.

FINE A EiT PLATES. LI it. ETCHINGS. MEZZOTINTS, &C. FOR IN. 6D. ARTISTS PROOFS AT GREAT REDUCTIONS. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUES OF ZOO PLATES FREE. APPLY :- " ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS," MILFORD LANE, LONDON, W.C.

SEND TO TRE MANAGER B.F.S. MANUF4CTURING CO., DEPT. • F' BOX 16. ROCHDALE, TOE PRICE LIST. POST FREE. PURE ALL•WOOL BLANKETS AT WITOLESALB PRICES. Carriage paid and delivered same day as orders received. Hotels. Boarding Houses, and Charities quoted for. Buy direct from the Mills and save profits.

PARISIAN COFFEE ESSENCE. NEWEST ANDI BEST. EXACTLY. LIKE FRIISH-MADB COFFEE. WRITE FOR FREE SAMPLE, 'OR SEND Is. FOR LARGE BOTTLE, COFFEE OR COFFEE AND CHICORY. CABLAN & Co., 66a, WELLS ST., LONDON, W.

BOILS! BOILS! BOILS! ON YOUR NECK AND BODY. A GUARANTEED SPEEDY CURE. OVER 50 YEARS' REPUTATION, 8 PLASTERS, 7,1-D 20, Is. U., POST FREE. Hundreds of People ara now using my Cure. You Ts y IT. F. C. MILES, NELSON ROAD. SALISBUR

H. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY ST., (LEGH ST., CORNER), WARRINGTON. HIGH-CLASS TAILORING AT A REASONABLE COST UP-TO-DATN LADIES TAILMUNG A SPECIALICY,

JAMES ATKINSON, 7, II AND 13, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. IMPORTANT SHOW OF ADVANCED NOVELLIES. EVERY DEPARTMENT IS NOW FILLED WITH NOVELTIES FOR SUMMER WEAR. ALL THE MARKETS HAVE SENT US THEIR SMARTEST AND MOST UP-TO-DATE PRODUCTIONS. SPEOI AL ATTENTION IS ASKED TOLOUE BEAUTIFUL NEW („COSTUMES AND COSTUME SKIRTS. DRESS FABRICS. SUITABLE FOR ALL OCCASIONS. AND SUITABLE TRIMMINGS. ARTISTIC DRESSMAKING. KINDLY PLACE ORDERS FOR SUMMER GOWNS AS MUCH IN ADVANCE AS POSSIBLE, THIS FAVOUR AND COD SIDERATION WILL ENSURE PROMPTDELIVERY AND THE UTMOST ATTENTION TO DETAILS. • PRETTY BLOUSES FOR EVERY OCCASION. DELIGHTFUL NEW STYLES. SMART MODES IN SUMMER MILLINERY. THE SHOWROOMS WILL BE FOUND REPLETE WITH ALL THAT IS NEWEST AND MOST DESIRABLE. COPIES OF THE LATEST FRENCH AND ENGLISH MODELS AT QUITE REASONABLE PRICES. EXCLUSIVE NOVELTIES ARE RECEIVED WEEK BY WEEK THROUGHOUT THE SEASON. NEW GLOVES, LACE, AND FANCY NECKWEAR. POST ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT AND CAREFUL ATTENTION.

JOHN LUNT, laii2ll4NlT°o°Nr.. REMOVAL CONTRACTOR. EXPERIENCED MEN EMPLOYED. ESTIMATES FREE. TELEPHONE No. 107.

IMPORTANT NOTICE. WE HAVE PLEASURE IN ANNOUNCING THAT WE HAVE BOUGHT THE OLD ESTABLISHED BUSINESS OF MESSRS. A. STANWAY, LTD.. 65, BUTTERMARKET ST., WARRINGTON, AND HAVE NOW OPENED THIS BRANCH WITH AN ENTIRELY NEW AND UP-TO-DATE STOOK OF SMOKERS' REQUIREMENTS. ALSO WITH ALL THE LEADING BRANDS OF BRITISH AND FOREIGN CIGARS, CIGARETTES AND TOBACCOS, ac. • T. SUDLO & CO., CIGAR MERCHANTS AND IMPORTERS, is, WINWICK STREET, AND 65, BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 414 r.

LATEST SPRING FASHIONS FOR 1906 IN YOUTH'S REEFER, MEN'S, YOUTH'S RUGBY, YOUTHS YOUTH'S CHATHAM AND and many other Styles from 8/6. BOYS. BOY'S FANCY SUITES. SUITS Always a large Stock of Largest Variety and best value FOR MOURNING GOODS in town in all Sizes, Colors ALL to fit all ages, for immediate and Material from 2/h, PURPOSES. wear or to order at Short Notice. MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & io, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

MEN'S IN GREAT VARIETY OF PATTERNS WELL MADE AND FOR HARDWEAR FROM 16/6. _

EDWIN PRYOR AND S(YN • . 1221 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. BY ALL THE LEADING MALMO° SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY Or EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 Mt MINT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old &Fold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds ate., bonahtor tsken In exchange. Money advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches. ,Plate,, &a., to any amount at low rates ((interest strict privacy guaranteed. Pamela by poet. will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE. 2081.

ARTHUR KAY & BROTHER, JEWELLERS, 21 MARKET ST., ROYAL EXCHANGE, MANCHESTER FOR GOOD VALUE IN DIAMONDS AND GEM RINGS. WATCHES, CHAINS, BRACELETS, BROOCHES. ALSO EVERY ARTICLE OF JEWELLERY AND SILVER WARE SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS WEDDING RINGS,

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREys, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, PRAMI MAKER AND TPDIIIIT BELLIIIR. A Large Assortment of Premed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday PreSent', Sebool Prises, /so. Terms Moderate. A PINH OOLLBOTION OP PHOTOGBAPHS for Orystoleuni and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of P 1 stores In the Continental Galleries.

A NGLICSHY SHOSLYRIGH.-51fi8LOG LAKES MOM:: .11. Sportsman's holiday home. Adjcins sea. lake, and surrounded by excellent golf links ; sea. trout, and coarse fishing ; bathing, boating, shooting.—Moderate inclusive terms from Pfioeetivron.

B ULL BAY HOTEL, AkILWCH.—The fiwitzeriand of England ; facing the Irish Sea ; golf, shooting, fish- ing, floating; sea baths atteched.-6. DOURNIIMOUTH.—ComfortabIe Board residence, near station, town, trams. Sea ; good cooking ; table ; cycle and dark rooms ; moderate terms.-24, CARLTON RD.

BLACKPOOL. • ACLE A N't3 PRIVATE HOTBL. I LANSDOWNE CRESCENT, NORTH SHORE. lb decorated throughout. Finest position on Sea Front. Near Stations and Nortk-Pier. Late dinners (separate tables). Moderate Tariff.- Annlv PRoPRIETREM

DOUGLAS.—Manningham HOUSA (the original), 1, Castle Drive; _opposite C.iatle Mona Hot6l; near shore and places of amusement; board from 5..; beds Es.—Mrs. WOODEMAD.

HAR VEY'S, " INGLHWOOD, BnaliDING BSTAB- LISHMIINF, 6, Derby terrace, Central Promenade, Douglas, Isle-of-Man. Finest position on sea front; magnificent [views of the by and imdiands ; cars from Pier pass the door ; late dinner ; 61. per day.—Pdra. HARVIIY.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO W LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE. Hon Oomvours, OX,EANI.INESS AND Quirri VENTPAL FOR BUSINESs OR PLEASURE.

SOUTH PORT. HA y ES'S RESTAURANT (KErr NY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38. CB APEL-STR HET. ESMIATES OWEN, ONOIR PARTIEs, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM • ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LiNcAeronx. Telephone 0465. THE OLDE6T ESTABIIISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

A NaLBSBY.— RHOS/MGR.—TO Id3T. well-furnished Li. modern house ; large dining and drawingroom ; usual domestic accommodation; full view over sea and mountain. adjoins golf links ; good fishing and batillng.—Apialy PROPAIRTOI4, NitkPlOg Dike nOtAl.

A.. 1 Y LAKR AND MOUNIAIN,—Bright pleasant rooms, near eLake and Station. Beautiful woods and walks. FaclngiSkiddaw. Good board 31. per day, or APARTMENTS. —TINHFR. Oftklea, Bassenthwalts Lake. Keswick.

BLA OK PO 0 L.—A PARTM RN TS, week-end boarders, 7s. ed. • also private Sitting and Bedroom, Els. week ; sea view.—Mrs. Comata. 5. Princess et. BLACKPOOL—Mrs HOLME4, Haberley House, 19 Cocker it,, North Shore. Public and Private APART MINTS. Close to sea and Talbot rd., station. Terms on application

pLACKPOOL.-W, Plea.ant st.. North Shore, Public end Private APARTMENTS; four minutes from Talbot Road Station two minutes from sea.—Mrs. WOOD, and Miss Fll3Bml from nessofhory.

BLACRPOoL. SUPRRIOR APARTMLINTS.-1-lalf a minute from Prom- enade tbree minutes from Talbot rd. HAWKINS, 9, PLRASANT ST., CLAREMONT Telegrams " Hinerßoom" Telephone, 0633.

TAOUGLAS, MD OF MAN.-22, Deeme (off ene rd. (o I Ducks rd.) ; Comfortable APARTMEINTS with or withont board ; toe, bed and breakfast 21e. weekly.— Mrs. EKINNEB.

DOUGLAS.-THE MANOR, Belmont Terrace, 114, Circular road. APARTMENTS with or without board; beds from 11. 6d. ; tea, bed and breakfast, 3a. 64. ; (.11 board from 41, 6d. Mr.. SORENCII, late of the 4' St. Elmo."

'ARM ROUSE, Furnished or APARTIVIRNTi ; two sitting rooms, four tedroorna, one kitchen ; rabbit shontinv ; very modente.—Mrs. JoNEs, Tyddynadda Farm, Ithydyelerdy, near Pwllheii, N.W.

T ANOASTIrR„—}IIGHFIMLI) FARM, adjoining Lancaster 14 Park and overlooking Morecambe By ; wlllain ten minutes' walk of trams and trains ; splendid Views ; com- fortable anartments.—Appiv Mrs. SLATER.

QOUTHPORT.-3111. Hoimas, lihrbgata terrace, 6E, Bath at.—Putotio and private APAHTMIINTS two minute, from promenade and Lord it. Illuminations; borne comtorts ; highly recommended; piano,

QUPBRIOR FURNISHED HOUSE 30 LET tor 12 months with or without attendance, South aspect, extensive views, or apartments, highly recommended for Invalids,— Hours Lint. Mostyn Avenue. Llancludn.

, 4 .- P.F , . 14 =1 ' - a " 1' , , 1 401 , ' 0 '41,1 c l' a n f S Ater' 2127 , 1 4 . . st 7 Jr , , eir ' A 1 it, )S. PEON; ...' ...-) cP 7- TYF E, &c. •b .4.,.:. 2 ', • /...2. 4-1-E-Ps..l 506 •• 0, ONE No. A.l v il `OFR ST Pa AIAC" . :\ ._ P TOOTH-ACHE CURED INSTANTLY BY '‘' S, BUNTER'S Prevents Decay, yi4liSztvtsespEreavvi:ac,4e.n, P 1,, NEU RALGIR HEADACHES NERVINE I; and all NERVE PA! OS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Chemists, I. lil. tl '•As a specific for Toothsche it has no error , I have 10 at it II successfully for year,"—Psov, W, Wrusos, M.D. - a THB Bitsr FAMILY MBDIOINII. C KAY E'S WORDSRLL'S PILLS AREA CERTAIN p CURB for Indigestion, Biliousness, Headache o DysPePaia. Constipation. Liver and Kidney Complaints, an (1 For Ladies of all aces they ate invaluable. Of all Cbemisi 1. 11. lid , Is. 9d., and 4s. ed, per box, or' post free on receipt of stamps to DepOt, 13. St. George street. Norwich. T Sample free box will be sent on receiving name, address, end Icl. stamp (to cover rEturn pobtagE). M-ntion paper. . repBt, 13, RT. GEORGE STRBBT, NOUVVICH. _ I) 41111 It li 7 1t I, A System of supply. ~ / big 1 lon Easy Terms, , 11 Swifts, Rover°, Rudge-Whltwortha, . 6 11 ~ 11110mvbee ran tor,ryo gCr eh ssa I, 1 Premiersen g o,T ar i cuomntpanu 84, . at pounds below Makers' pncei, brings the World's 0 1] Best Bicycles wahln the reach of all. A lllgh-Grade Coventry-made Cycle for l'E £4 10/.'Ctsh a i, r7..,,,,0nthiy -allt" f i , 1' s:t on :eapproval ..reAh Lli nl Ole: is e,n CTe for ' rEDWARD O'BRIEN, LTD., if,,,..., ir .„Ari , 5 World's Largest Cycle Dealer, ~,..„. ,14,4.1/4:\ ( C It YEARS el'imnirs. ''. At‘ GUARANT 4 ' '• ' ' ' ill ,--------------L--------------- P 4 Of L , ADIES.-DEWARE ! t, 1' i FROST. COLD WINDS & HARD WATER . I), will soon spoil your SKIN An • COMPLEXION. 1 a A 8 EETHAM'S ,51 1 c , is, however, a Sure safeguard agosnst tholr 11l etlntv. .1 hale used after wasbing will KEEP THE SKIN SOFT AND SMOOTH • ALL THE YEAR ROUND. le . &tiles Is., zs. 6d. °fall Chemists & Stores. M. Beetham Se Son. Cheltenham. . =I, APPECSMININ , IS _......., ---- t 4 ip 104 s• . lel s. 0..,:-.. l'q '.';; l I ••4'„:. ) 1101 1 t .• ' .% "C',l ii'l Of r -..!, ' ,' ', 4., 0 -7 i .i‘ . . . ;\‘ ,10144.'" 0 .. ni ' t.i.: -44au_XII----11-110101A k, ? , .(, ..... : -0,,, NI

Goddardsaii .cPowaer nr Cleaning Si ver.EleetmPfat I,old everywhere V; 2/o & 410. ,

GARTO S Improved Breed of r qj ir 5) SWEDE IMPAIR The largest anti heaviest Swede in cultivation.

USE Keativg's THEN NO MORE 'Troubles WITH HORRID Beetles TINS 3d. 6d. &IP

On One Side of a Post Card Write: "John Strange Winter," 11, West Kensington Mansions, LONDON, W. On the Other Side Write: Please send me, free of cost, your New Booklet, with full particulars of your Toilet Preparations. Then Post It!

A WISE DELAY. i-4** NOW that most of our New Goods are to hand, the thinking man who did not get a Suit at Easter will find that the just-arrived ranges of Cloths in our windows will fully repay him for the delay. TO him, it will not be so much a matter of expense as of choice, these tasteful and refined selections being very moderately priced, while the Designs and Colourings are most varied. THE LOUNGE SUIT from 50 BOYDELL BROS., 43, Bridge Street 7 Varrington.

TEE LINI.:O6NSHI.RN RESID.4:NTIAL SCHOOL of Cookery and Household Sciences. Girls trained as Lady Cooks or Helps ; haony home; careful training.— .poly to the Prin& pal, who holds a full Teacher's Diploma, NEI%As EcERARD. "Park House," Louth, Lincolnshire.

cZOUTHPoRT MOtlERg SCHOOL-1 FIRST- LY CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FO S BOYS. Healthy locality. Splendid new buildings. La-ge start, inelnding 8.A.. B.Sc.. &c. Biceßent results. RPcent distinctions in ianguages and science. Head Master : J. C. Underwood, A.C.P., 1,.R.G.5. (Reg.)

T11MBA: HICIH SCHOOL, S'COCKTON LODGtil Stockton Heath, Warrington. —Day and Boarding lt:chcol tor Cites, Kindergarten. Preparatory School for Boys. PRINCIPALS, THE MISSES PARTINGTON (late of 23, Wilson Patten street). Prospectuses, ec.t., on application. SIXTY-SIX SUCCESSES IN 2i YEARS. NO FAILURES. The next Term will commence on Thuriday April 26th.

Ar R. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of A2FI. Musici3Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, TH RORY, HARMONY, COUNTRY?, POINT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three—manual organ for pupils' prwitfee.—For terms apply 134. LOVELY-LANS Warrington.

Pl3.ll,Mlni BONDS.—SmaII. sale, attractive investment. offering enormous possibilities ; cash or easy instal- ments ; descriptive pampulet free.—•:iarlTlES AND Co., Wood- house. Sheffi-l.i.

E) EQUIRED, TERRE HAUTE and PROKIA. RAILROAD Ili dLOCK and all other old and non-diyictencl-paying American stocke and boats. No charge for information regarding any old Arneri,an securities. Valuable book on this subj,ct will be delir-red to your New York correspon- dent on application at my office. Reliable foreign c-irres- pondents desivd.— It• M. SMYTH, Room 452, Produce Itachange, New York, U.S.A.

W&STEP, agents calling upon shop-keepers; liberal & CO., tit. Peter's Lane, Leicester. A GLINTS reqnireci everywhere for our specialities ; good tl. profits : smnples 4 stamps.— 54,0AMBeIDGE MT Sheffield

OTHKRLY PHRSON wishes to adopt baby. Premium ill or weelily.—A. Y., 23.11(aliam lane,lllreston,Derbyshire. A MINTS earn 20e. weekly by our Live Stock and General ti Insarance.—SF.CßEMßY, Mitigate Chambers, Peter- borough.

HIGHEST prices given fdr high-class oast-off Clothing, Old Articles' Teeth,and Jewellery; prompt remittance —Mrs. GRIFFIN, 29, Liamore rd., Kentish Town, London. WANTIMMARRIED MAN, without children for general farm work; wife as dalryndald and working house- keeper.—Address, ROYAL OAK HOTEL. Setts's-y-000, N.W. WAXTED. a LORRY BAG COAL SALESMAN; must know the town well; wages 255. per week and corn- miselon.-Apply WIGAN COAL & IRON Co.,arpley,Vilarrington. 3 0/- WEEKLY.—EVENING EMPLOYMENT offered either s-ir who can write. Enclose addressed enyelope.—Shclinissr,(l79). St. Leonards, Southend, Essex. MILK.--Good DAIRINS WANTED; cans provided if required.— LANCAPHIRE HYGIENIC DAIRIFS, LTD., chief offices 65 to 85 Mulberry at., tfulme, Manchester. Largest firm of dairymen in England. _

QAXITARY INSPRCTOILS.—Lady tlealth Visitors ; £l^o 1,3 to £36o.—Several han3red vacancies annually ; postal lessons now commencinx tor Liverpool exam.; 400 success- ful csnelidates.—MnAaxas, Science Teacher, Sunderland.

VIIPRIDGB.—Bxpert Bridge Player Instructs pupils by unique Po?tal method. Proficiency can be acquired by Postal Lion. fornominal fee—Bend for particulars to Anderson,Box 333°, elireßßow & THATCHER. HOINRTI 'lac, London, W.O.

LIVERYBODY wants something. t. I provide everything" .12.4 In four verv's I have paid to snare Time Agents k 112,655 19s. 9.1. Commission. Write for particulars of Agency. —J G. GRATES, Agency Dept., The World's Supply Warehouse, Sheffield. WA1111313, ASSISTANT SUPIDIINTIVIDDIII: for War- rington and District; ralary and commission and present debit transferred to energetic man who can iniluance business.—NATlONAL BENEFIT TRUST LTD., 34, Moortields, Liverpool.

COACHMAN WANTS SITUATION. Well up in all stable duties. Good references ; 7 years present situation. Are 30. Height. 51t. 81n. ; weight. 9st. 41bs• Total abstainer. Drive motor if required.—W. BENNETT, Higher rd., Halewood. Liverpool. £l,OOO (toy r In extensionprivate r tont ob. suhs pn e so twe s te secure arranged either with or without salaried employment, recording to business experience; principals only write.— Box 3480. C/0 Sail:MOW THATCHF.R, Holborn plaea. W.O. FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOCKS, &c., BOUGHT 10011 CASH TO ANY AMOUNT OR ADVANLIES AIAOI3. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGE FOR INSPECTION UARTLEY AND Co., 12, HOES—STREET, LIVERPOOL.

MA.I IL ONIAL TIMM," the beet and quickest Introducicry medium for all desiring a matrimonial alliance ; pricy 61., in sealed envelope.—Addrena EDITOR Bow% Itadforli, 5, Featherstone Buildings, Holborn, W.

HAT Plalll2 —any sufferer may beqr of a eert‘in remenv by applying to THEODORK VILLIVES. 4 Crowtree Terrace, Sunderland, price Ito. 6d. The advertivr has i never known this to rail.

1/1 1 For this small sum and 3d. postago you cao get a 12 bottle of Llandrindod 01!s. Infallible Cure for Rheumatism, Sprains. Bruises, cte.—Soid only by la. 3. BOUND, Chemist, Liandrindod

RHEUMATISM. NHUNALGIA, OHALIP.—Htelue ot simple preparation that gives Immed'ate relief and cure, Money returned U not relieved. Send P.O. MEYER,33, Qrosvenor Park, London. B.H.

Q 11401.11 tiItRIAGH Its Causes aria Curative Treat- ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital. for women. A new edition just published. Post free h. 9d.--.. London SHELLEY AND CO , LTD, 38, Gracechurch at.

IllitT37lo RlNGS.—Proleseor Icgomorth's cares, rheutnatiem, neuralgia, impuritiee of tbe blOod. 'Thousands of testimonlats. PoJt tree 2s. 6.i. only. froo. BROADBENT ATED Co., Bufield House. Pier st. Plymouth.

JIUSTANT ItICLUF and certain cure for bid 1 .4,!, sores cuts, bruises. wounds. and skin eruptions, by using the world-tamed Curry's Ointment. always useful ; chemiers, Is. ; tree sample j. etamp.—CUßßT, 14 Boar- boro' st., West Hartlepool.

--- NOTA BEISN.—ReaI Waltham Rolled Gold Hunter- Watches (new). English cases ; 10 years guarantee engraved on each ; 315., usu3l price Os. Cash with order. Money returned if rot tho:ouuhly satiefaotory.—Gro H. sung, 447,Sanchiehall st,,Ellasgow.

IHESHIEH.—ON SALE Charming Detached Residence, 1...1 Three Entertaining and six Bedrooms. Stands In its own grounds of 2f acres well stocked with fruit trees. Poultry runs. Duck-pond. No chief—Address D. 8., " Examiner" Office, Warrington.

rrOBA.OOO. Sweets and itationery 8U51L16911 for disposal, 1 good trade • oth,r business cause ; good bouse.-89 GBEENWAY RD.. Runcorn. No agents. TARAPERY and HAM:MASS BUSINIII3B, goodwill and 11 fixtures. °help. 'stook valuation; well situated.-70, TATLOR ST.. Openshaw, Manchester.

fIOME-MADB BRAD and CABBS.—Good Shop and House. ILtabilsheri 12 years. Retiring. Large profits. Business Uught. Trial. 2130.— LEIGH, iistate Agent, Altrincham.

-LI JR nisposaL, SIdALLWARII and DRAPkRY BUS!- ii' good position ; established 40 Tears (same family) ; owner retiring through death.—Apply NUTTALL, 45, Warrington et.. Ashton-under-Lyne. J3AKEIVS BUSIEISSS. near Regent's Park, London. Bold corner. Rent let off ; fair lease. Trade, 10 sacks at top priers and pastry. Price £295. Good district.—Call or write MARSHALL, GREY, & Co., 75. Pentonville rd., London

13U51N1466, market it., SIC. Loudon. Level detached bakery,2 ovens, 6 rooms. Trade, 10 sacks 5d and £lO smalls, all counter /hand for 30 sacks under prac- tical man. £3OO or oftet.-31.attsmaLL, GtIF.Y.B4 Co.,as above

SPLHNDID OPPORTUNITY.—To be disposed of the House, Stables, Conszrvatory and excellent Refresh ment Business, known as " OrtamFOßD.B TEA Roolrs," Mi lane, Northenden,near Manchester,lierly inspection invited'

BUsIfitiSSISS (IN SALB BY T. CARTER, 12. BIBLRY ST., BLACKPOOL—Err. 1870. MANOHESTIIII.—Very High-class BUTCHER'S BUM- NESS,etunnyer £5,000 yearly; ingoing £5OO ; owner retiring. A CCRIBIGTON.—GROCHEY and SUB-POST OFFICE, -CV Stock,Fixtures and Property £B3O, £330 can remain on mortrge. -- ULACKPOOL.--Blectrical Mechanical LAUNDRY and Gas ) Engineering and Motor Repairing business ; est. 20 years ; owner retiring ; (air valuation. LACKPOOL.—SWIMS and TEA ROOMS near Winter Gardens ; rent £6O ; ingoing £13); present 8 years. 1111)LACKPOOL.—HOUSE AND SHOP. nice Grocery .1..) Business ; rent £2B ; ingoing £lt,o ; also another near Central Station. D LACKPOOL.—COMPANY ROOM. Empty Houses, ILI Furnished Houses, Property. Land, Farms, Hotels, Restaurants and other Business. Please write me as above.

REDUCTION in EGGS tor 'ann.—Cuckoo ani thark LNicloorns 2.. 6d. per doz. Sliver-laced Wyanoottes 3e. per doz. Cannot buy better.--SHEPHMID. Widthland Farm, Rooladate•

tit{laS from grand pen Minorca Pullets mated with 4th _ICJ Palace, 4th International cock, 3s. dozsn ; unfertiles replaced.—HAßßY JONES, 8, Kensington rd., Beyland, South Wales.

EGGS.—White and Buff Leghorn., Game, Hamburg., Black Minorca., Rocks, Orpington., 21. 6d.. sittlng Aylesbury Ducks, 3s. 6d. doz.—DOWLEY, Drumer Hill, Middleton Junction.

tiGGS from thoroughbred WHITB WYANDOTTRS. 12.1 Tammage direct strain, Unlimited grass run. Unfertile replaced. Layed all winter. fis. sitting, Bazaar reference.— VERY, Worthen. near Shrewsbury. TTAHOLD D, KIRKMAN offers Eggs from his champion J. pen of Ruff Orpington!, lontwistle's strain, splendid layers, only one pen kept. ss• per dozen ; unfertiles replaced —ALE.x.ssinat RD., Lostock. near Holton.

uGG3.—Why pay excesalye prices? We have pens of L'a pure bred poultry from the best blood In the country, buff Orpintona, partridge Wyandottes. Harnett's, brown and white Legborne, 2s. 6d. thirteen; inspection invited.--- PROCTOR Bkoe.. Birks, Morley. Yorkshire.

WHIT It WYANDOTTES, the champion layers. gm from well-known strain on unlimited grass run, 41. per elttioß ; eggs for sale all the year through.--Er. WHALEY SMITH, Marrick, near Richmond, Yorkshire.

EGGS FOR SITTING from pore bred birds, Buff, Black and White Orpington', Houdans, Black Minoross, Blue Andalusian", Partridge, White and Silver Wyandotte' • 3s. 6d. per sitting —JASIES TAYLOR. Poplar Farm, Roue; Green, Widnes,

TNCTJBATONS. —The • Gem ' hatches up to 101 per cent. bee Testimonials. The ' Gem ' Iteat,r Is Fi perfect Fottermother, giving a good account of every Chick, and is probably the most satisfactory nne made. Catalogue, Free.--E, STEELE, Worrait Works,Dundee.

PouLTity.—T we've Chicks. Be. 6. ; Buff Orpingtons, Lee- horns. Campine'. Faverolles ; twelve Coaiey Ducklings 10s. 6d. ; all unrivalled layers, Orpington mothers 61. each; grand Orpington Cockerels from els. ; eggs, 3s. 6d. dozen ; Catalogue. Pupils received.— EDWARDS, Exporter, Coaley. Poultry Farm, Gloucestershire.

OULTRY HOUSES and RUNS, in sections complete from 21s. ; Dog Kennels from 6s. 6d. each ; Pigeon Houses f•om 15s. ; Dog Homes and Runs from 25a. ; Collie Kennels and Platform, 12s. 6d. ; Breeding Kennels from 50s. • Roollng Felt, Si. 6d. per roll; 6 rolls, 205.—SMITE AND Co., Seetional Builders. 56. Seel it., Liverpool.

EOGs.—Having !Ft all required. offer Sittings of Barred Rocks and Buff Leghorns, splendid birds hatched from Hunters famous laying strains. Both pens contain several winners. Final Reduction. 3s. 6d. dozen. Unfertiles repIaced.—HIGGINSON, Poultry Yards,Hlnstook,Salop.

A C. RUSSELL ran now supply Eggs from Ms sliver, Xis white and buff Wyandotte pens, winners at the Dairy. Palace, International. Birmingham, etc., Shows ; also BLACK MILIOIICAB and WHITE LEG !WRNS, price 76. 6d. per dozen ; unfertiles replaced if returned. liggs from the above varieties, specially selected for laying qualities. 3s, 6d. per dozeu,—THE GRANGE, BCCLII.B,

EGGS FOR SITTING, the same old place Draper's Poultry Farm for reliable eggs. Our breeding pens are selecte4 from the best laying strains and can supply ezgs from pore breeds of Black, White, Brown and Buff Leghorns, Black Minorco., Blue Andalusian'. "fondant), Barred Hocks, Lancashire Buff , Golden Wyandotte, likck Orplugtons, Black Lanshans and Best Grosses ; tor laying and table fowl, liouoan, White Leghorn, Black Leghorn, Buff Orpington, Indian Game and 'Anshan. All ttpuie 2s. 6d. per sitting at home Special pens of Buff Orpingtons and Indian Game at 30. 6d. per 13 eggs, Indian Runner Durk eggs 2s. 6d. .per dozen, White Aylesbury 3s. per dozen if packed and put on rail 6d. oxtra.—Address HENRY DRAPER, 405, Newton road, near Newton-le-Willows. No busineds done on tinutlays.

I CURE FITS. I DO NOT ASK YOU 'lO SPEND MONEY to test WLether my remedy dOea or does not cure FITS, s 2 PILEYSY, T. VITUS' MINOR, gx. All I ask of you Is to send for a, FERE 130T1Lhl and to try it. I abide by the result. A safe remedy—apt roved by the Medical Prof...salon. H. G. MOT, 30. Mussuat STREET, LONDON. W.C.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIYH Y BAAS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALF. PIUS, RAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A 1300 N TO VV °MANKIND They are the best known Remedy for ',Anaemia Giddiness, Fulness and bwelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite,llveteia,Palpitation of the Heart.Debillty, DoPresslon, Weakness, Irregularities, an 3 all Femme Aliments. Boxes Sid. Is. lid., 2s. 9d.45. 6d. and Ils. DR. DAVIS'S' FAMOUS COITGLI MIX PURE, gives instant relief ye proved by hundreds of tehttolontals. Bottles 3/- and 4/9 post paid from the prowletors, 309 PJRTOBELLO-HOAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

Q PLRNDID WINDOW TABLB, only 81. 6d., worth 128.6 d. 1.7 Just right for wedding present.—Particulars BREAKELL, 15, Bing it., Blackburn. 'MEW TRBaTAIRNT FOR DRIINIEBNNESEL—SampIe with particulars free for stamped addressed envelope to Likoilair VINCENT, 171, Fulham rd.. London, S.W.

GOLD CURB ALBERT, every !Ink stamped 9-carat, 255.; genuine roassiVe gold (not fitted) ; a bargrin.—lßAsurs & Sone, Second-hand Jewellers, 38. Grainger at., Newcastle- on-Tyne.

58. TROUbBRS TO ZaßASUßli.—berße3, tweeds and stripes. Money returaed if not satisfactory. Send for patterns an 4 measure form.—PAnsa, Goldsmith Row, Hackney.

c.; FOOT BILLIAUDS complete, £5. BilliArd Dining Tablee,Bagatellas,repaire. Trade 'applied —KITTP:RIDGE AND ,orni. Eldon rd., Walthamatow. London. Established half-century.

_ (ASTRICIN FBA.THBB 110.16.—8uy direct ; can sell, or k j short time only, beaut,ful ostrich boa, 6s. 6d. ; &Mochas hug, in usual colours, postage 3d.. —6oust 6, So. 5 Cathedral yard, Man Chester.

£4O PIANO, HIGH GRADIi ; accept £25. Another £2, eqoal new. Take gold watch, Or anything part pa ymtnt.—Address R.W., 43 'Examiner" Offico, Warrington. diamond ring,

'THERE'S MONEY IN IT.—Remnants by welgbt experience unneeesiary ; send stamp for catalogue ; oldest est 4 bit shed.—CocußlNE'm Woodlouse, Regemt rd. Salford. Manchester.

WHITB BUTTER PAPER 12.61, per cwt. Grease Proof, 225. ; Cheese Paper, 10s. cap paper from 6d. ; Sweet Bags, loz (lops. 6id. LONGWORTIECB, Usk St, Thomas st., Manchester. _11.) U FROM TH AKHRS. —Women's Underclothing, chew ; three garments, Nightdress, Chemise, and Knickers ; flannelette or longaloth, 3s. 9i., carriage paid.— J. Ermidsg, 17, Walton Bt.. It. Albans, Herts. 'LOIE' S N

DICTURR PO3TCARDB.—Marvedous offer A beautiful L Postcard Album, with dark leaves. to hold 50 cards, and 24 coloured .ud jewelled Postcards. Actresses, Views, and Comic', poet free, h. 3d.—B.YDILL'EI STORES, 8, Regent Bt, Swiudon. -

HOUSEHOLDERS troubled with Mice should send for a patent •• Sotll7 " trap : catches an destroys without limit ; self-setting, requires no attention ; the most mar reilous ten:, ever invented• 25., 9,t. free.—Ls.vaxnEn. Aldridge, Staffs.

AN A4TONISHING STaTIOISinItY OFFISH. —b quires good grey or white vellum notepaper (headed with address tunny colour). with envelopes to match, 25., post tree. 21ba.„ with envelopes, 25. 9d.—PALINIEFI6, Market Place, Gt. Yarmouth.

(111101IFET BATO.-100 seasoned willow one-spllced. *how- l.) room lolled, 6s. and 7s. 6d. each (worth double) ; posta,ln sd. each Acnboa cased comp°, match ball, indes• tructible. 2s. 9i.; leather covered, 43. 9d.—WEEELEB, 80, Faroe rd., London, W.

U P ReLLIOUS HAllt.—Perfected Blectrolysts (by Mr. 10 Parker Invention) supersedes all other systems In rapidity tor permanent destruction. The only met ood which never disappoints fly appointment only.--Sitainped envelope to Mr. IMaalrr 3. PARES. 2, Church it. Southport.

QYMON3' DRVONSHIEIR CYDRP; made from SBLECTIM APPLBS ; ace Analyst's Reports. Special Brands: •• IMPERIAL " and" APPLE & BLOSSOM." Supplied in Casks and Bottles by all the leading TOTNER, DEVON: AND RATCLIPP. LONDON', R.

141 INN NAILS (Mixol). Bs. per cwt, 28Ibs, 23. 3d.; icrewo, mixed. 28s. per cwt., ?Ms 71. 6d.; Wire, Out, Wrought, and Malleable NAlls TAcks, Rivets, etc.. etc., wholanale prices —MIDLAND !VAAL Woms, 25 and 26,13 ea at., Brimingharn, JOH sr PYISH. Proprietor.

you MUST HAVE THIS.—Prof. L.ynard's great work, ' Secrete of Ft anty, Health, and Long Life.' 127 Chapters. dealing with 500 subjects. Post ifree, 9d iltarly sixty editions sold out. Catalogue of Special Hooks on Special Subjects free.—BgLatota, 29, Paternoster Square, London. -

_ rro BE BOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works. lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with 111,teh1nery end 24.420 square yards of Freehold Land, with eldirm to the railway. Elutl'eble for Chet:rated or other worke requiring space.—Address J. HOMING, 18, enwick street, Liverpool.

1)ON' miss our special line in Grey end Green TWIP OS —double widtb, lO.i. pr yard. Af on 'erful value: Goods despltched, carriage raid, on receipt of postal orders. Patterns of our 13Iouse and Dress Fabrics forwarded on appllcation.—Yourm ft Boir, General Warehousemen, 94 Market at.. Manchester.

ASTONISHING OFFER until Whiteuntide.—Boyean Youths' smart boots. re‘l prime box, lestner lined. perfect models, sewn - are full of wear ; can fit all feet, narrow, medium, and wide fitting; save 43 per cent by ordering direct. Prices. 7, 8. 9. 10. ss. 43.; 11, 12, 13. 1, 6s. 3d• ; 2. 3,4, 5,6 s. 11d., post free ; Men's Is. extra. Send P.O. now and save disappointment.—Lnwpf Co., Central Boot Works. Lyston, Leicester.

rpo FARMERS and Others.—Good clean HIDE SALT in 1 large or small lots, put on rail or canal.—Apply HENRY WILLIAM, 56, Leeds at., Liverpool. WOE GOOD VALUE IN FANCY SUITINGS. Ladles 1: Costume Cloths, Barges. Worsted end Vieunnas, send to 1. HAIGH. George st., Huddertliel Patterns free.

12 BY 10 CAMERA, Lens by Ross. Carriers to ,--plate, Portrait Lens, Dishes, &c., two Dark Slides; copy, enlarge, or reduce ; very OLDHAM RD., opringbead. Lem

IRYSTAL GAZING BALL.--StAy this fascinating \J science, beautiful crystal bill, on stani with full directions for using. seat free for 31. Ed.—P. SFLRACIC, 4, Duke it. Adelphi. London, W.C.

gr-1 ARDEN NETIING —• mall mesh. Ke.ps out the smallest kJ birds ; oiled and dressed ; will not rot if left out in all weathers; 105yds. by lyd wide, 4e. ; by 2 yds. wide. Es. ; by Eyds. wide, 12s. ; and so on up to soy width; carriage paid on orders over ss. ; cash returned if not approved of—H. J. GIBBON, Net Works, Rye.

ADVERTISUR must part with Pero PlfL ed bervice, comprising 6 each, large and small forks, soup, dessert and tea spoons, Kings Pattern ; A.l. (30 pos) sell 16s. 6d., originally £4 ; also set a 29 pos Sheffiald Table Cutlery, 12 large and 12 small knives. ooe pair e Ash Meat and Game Carvers and Steel ; all silver mounted Hall marked 321. 6d . approval willingly.—S Stn ct Arm. Kidbrooke, Kent.

V rIOLETS; Strong, Healthy Itunners,of Czar and Princes. of Wales. Peented ; 4b for le. 6d. free, Sweet Briar Root 6d.—hrs. KELLY, " Idyrtteville," Croesbaven, co. Cork. QBED POTATORS.—Scotch, Cumberlain, and Lancashire grown ; early end late varieties a speciality.—ALDEßSON, Potato Merchant, Preston. ',lead Offiee, Plumptou, Penritb. Raab. 1880.

(ZiI..ILF PEA'S", IS NO SECOM NIENDATION.— L 3 I therefore invite all people who require a loan privatAly from £lO to £sao without aecurity to apply to me and judge for themselves as to my straightforward and reasonable dealing,. Information freely given•—Write or call to 'the actual lender. B. A. BURNEY, 36 SPRING- GARDENS. MANCHESTER. Tel. 6665.

PUBLIC NOTICE—THE OLD-ESTABLISHRD f3EADFORD A.DVANCE OF YORKSHIRE, IVR OPENED A BRANCH IN MtNCHESTER. LOANS GRANTED NO LESS THAN £lO, TO ANY AMOUNT ON PROMISSORY NOTE, ALSO ON FURNI- TURE WITHOUT REMOVING. REPAYMENTS TO SUIT BORROWERS• APPLY :—THR BRADFORD ADVANCE CO. 83, BRIDGE-STREET. DI3I.NSG4TR, SUNCHESTER. TICLEPEWTE No. 731 g.

£5, £7, £lO- £2O- -t3u, £5O, xioo. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- . MEN, FARMERS, WORRINGBRN, and all Respect• able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back, FAIR AND HONOURABLY DIMLING& EVERY INFORIMTION FRISHLY GIVER& 14. CoWEN, VICTORIA OHARIBRRS, WIDNRS, FOOT OF TRE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER r JOHN R. GOOU .B.—Retablished nt this Vi Torantv

ADVANCES FROM .£5 TO £I,OOO.—THIS OLD Es I'AI3LISHED and well known office for honest and straightforward dealings Is prepared to make ADVANCES on PROMISORY NOTE to HOUSEHOLDERS, COIF- KEEPERS, FARMEES, GARDNERS and OTHKR3 on very reasonable interest. Farmers and Others can raly 00 honest dealings. NO FEES. NO HILLS OF SALE. NO BONDSMEN. NO riffliS If behind with payment. Only try once this office and von will never deal with any other office. Letters promptly attended to.—Apply to the Manager J. CALVERT, C7LA.riGHTON CRAMBERS, Sr. BELE vti

tifiTABLISHBD 1584. PROFESSIONAL Gentlemen, farmers, trades- people,and respectable householders can have inamediste Advancss from .1210 to £l,OOO privately. on note of b- ad only, at easy' rates ; no fees charged ; hundreds of testi- monials to my honourable and prompt dealings ;no genuine aoplicant refused ; cash advanced on all kinds of de.ds, shares, or any kind of security, on most reasonable terms ; distance no object, letters promptly attended to JOHN FLIITCHBR, 17, THOMAS Cr.. Shudehtll, Manchestpr. Tel,: 3922.

TAKE NOTICE—NO FIN tsc—rio SECURITIES. HAVING A LARGFA CAPITAL IN COMMAND we are prepared to make PRIVATE and PROMPT ADVANCES In sums from £lO to £5,000 for any purpose at the Lowest rate of Interest in Lancashire and on the following easy repayments : £lO Loan from 3s. weekly. £5O Loan from 15.. weekly. . . 6.. „ £lOO . 30s, , MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY REPAYMENTS 'AREA. Larger amounts on terms to snit borrowers. No Delay. Strict, Confidence whether business is done or not. Distance no object.—Anply to the actual lengiggs, where you are sure to be satisfied with the terms, SAAWIELI et Co.. QUEEN'S CHAMBERS, 5, JOHN DAL ION ST., MANCHESTER. -pRONI L 3 AND UPWARDS, DONT FAIL TO GIVE US A CALL AND colvVlNcti YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWINT INTEREST AND LOWEET RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable Is 6d weekly £7.0 repayable 7s 6d weekly. £5 ~ 2s (Id „ £5O 17e 6d ~ £lO „ 3. 6d £lOO , 38. 6d For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND 00.. 31. CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERREIe, bliss OOTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. novas, 9 •m to 9 P. LB.—LETTERS PROVPTLY ATTIC 'WED TO. RiTABGISHED Olrfill FORTY YEARS. ANON EY, MONEY MONEY.—Private Loans 1.Y..1. from £lO to £SM Advanced to all person. at a few hours' notice, in town or country, without sureties, at a liberal rate of Interest, to be repaid by the foclowlaz instal- ments or otherwiswe to Snit the Borrowers' convenience £lO Oct. weekly £3O LOAN... 10.. 61. weekly £l5 „ 6s. (Id. weekly £5O 17.. 6d. weekly £2O ... 73. 6d, weekly £lO3 .....30,. Od. weekly Monthly or Qaarterly Payments Arrange I. I Distance no object. /Web. 25 years. Tel. : 4855. Apply Nl:lousily or by letter to N. STAFFORD, 3, TIB LANE. CROSS ST., MANCHESTER. (One minute fro-n Town Hall.) N.B.—This Is the most Private Office in the town. Hour,: 9 to?,

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY incrius. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, C ESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from RIO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. D A 11: TIES wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the aivantavcs offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATH OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF smorssr PRIVACY THE SYS MI 'OF SHALL REPAYNDIRTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME COIAVENIEN V TO•THIS BORROW ER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARIL vNOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE INIMFIDIATH ATTEETIOU IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative will cal personallyupon applicants and complete the transactions altheir own home or places of business. Hy fair dealing andeasonable charges are widely known and rnyrenntAtion at rands unrivalled

.pATENT OF I C M ANCHESTER DSTABLISNED IN 1836. Mews. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha .1 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establisin• ment and pas les s practios I kno wiedze of the cotton,woollen and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law." price 6cl. " Odonial and Foreign Patent Laws," orice Is. REORGH DAVIES. C.E., & SOS, F.1.P.A., 11.5. A 4, ST. ANN El SQUARE. MANCHESTER

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMIT )ID (late Ormeroct Grieraon and Co.), Hume, Manchester, have the Large', Assortmeat of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTRRNS in the trade. In addition have purchase all Wheel, Pulley and Tooth Block Patterns ftc., telouglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London.road Iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Cataloguee of Wheels and eulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 2Z9, Manchester: Tel.gratablc address: .' Ormerod GriAroon. Sisnotaester."

BAY HORSE. 15.1 ; sound ; good worker ; quiet ; Ell. Also pretty Pour-wheeler, ca..ry four, back to back, £lO 10 I.—App!y A. E. DAVENPORT, Pickle Manufacturer.34B, Mancbester rd., Droplet:len.

T3-01liES safely cured of Worms by Tilwaites New Herbal Remedy ; 6d. per packet. free by post. 7 penny stamps. Directions with each p‘cket ; no trouble. Horses eat it freely. G. Tnerernte. Herbalist, Stockton•on-Tees.

HOOFING COUGH The celebratea effectual HUOPING COUGH cure without internal HOOPING COUG.H medicine. 1100 PING COUGH Ot ail Chemists price .Iq. per bottle. Sole Wnole- BRONCHITIS sal- Agents W. EDWARDS & Sox, 157, Queen Victoria CROUP &rem, London.

GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. TIP-To-DATE. GARNETTS' FURNI.TURE INEEPENSIVE. UP-TO-DATE. GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. UP-TO-DATE. GARNETTS' FURNITURE WARRINGTON. EST. 1824,

Zbe Oponiner erte OF WEEK•END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES : THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINEE. pnblished every Friday afternoon. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton 1 Heath, Penketh, Wlnwick. Padgate, Lymrn, ere., being 1 one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanes shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper corn prises a large trading and agricultural tract in booth Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. THE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. It is the beat weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. rrittp WIDNES EXAMINER. pablished every Friday 1 afternoon. Widnes contains the largest nnmber of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of Industry THE EAKLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER. I published every Friday afternoon. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydook, Lowton die The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire cdal - Cells. THE ST. HELENS EXAMINER. published every I Friday afternoon, circulating in St. Helens, Prescor, Parr, Sutton, Peasley O.oss, &o.—the centre of the Glass, Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTIFENIENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Biz Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Week,. 18 ... Os. 6d. ... Is. dd. ... Is. Od. 3s. 9.1. Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... Is. Od ... Is. Od Is. ca. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s, Oil . • .„ 6s. f ri. 05 ... is. 3d. ... is. Id. ... Is. 0,1. ... Ts. Cd. 64 ... is. 6d. ... Is. 81. ... Is. Orl. ... 10s. Od.

THE EXAMINEE. MAY 12th 1906.

FOUND THAT FOR QUALITY & VALUE IN ViTINES & SPIRITS FIJUT•)N BROS. CANNOT BE BEATEN. FULTON BROS. 20, RENSHAW STREET LIVERPOOL. ALSO AT FULTON'S BUILDINGS ROCEIDALN. Telephone 2261 Royal, Liverp,x3l.

Nmycr CRYATALTNR SILKS sLonsms., C. IN ALL SHADES DOCTOLN WIDTH, Is. 60. 174,LV14. LATEST NOVELTIIiiI PRl't rs, P!II gTED votriis, DELAINES, &a., Ac. W. T. viiIILLIAT4, vvE3 tTE 11017 SE, f&\ ST.,

The • . I Its warmth and sunshine are • eornish within the reach of all . . Riviera. classes. . . . • • . - • . Express Services from all Parts. DINING CARS. CHEAP FARES. . , , Fast and Luxurious Trains with every Modern Convenience. _ By enclosing 3d. to the Superintendent of the line, Paddington Station, W., you uill receive the new and enlarged edition of tli unrivalled travel book, " The Cornish Riviera," its first issue being a quarter of a million copies. G•W.R. 1 JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager. 1

, —....-- , e•• ke , I 3 Characterise( by en excellent neh proportion of nitrogenous food substdrices. "—Tut LA Nc er' . - 8o Years Established Reputation- p',.: •,- - . :' .' • ill

MOST EXTRAORDINARY OFFER. We sell more than all other Makers combined, thereicre our Customers benefit in Price. The rthmito. Free Gem Ring Book and beautifully Illustrated Nutshell Catalogue are also enclosed. A host of useful and entertaining goods too the Wintea Season. Too should write at once. We give instant attention, viRITING sFtaointei saindi iLd„.thrdl4,frciotinplgetedandbißnalel tFriSee.,Oilk Velvet Centre, Lock and Key. Ina Bottle lent. Olden. DEMandN. Pencil, Lead Penclls, rases Seating Wa.it-CPM. passes, Magnitying Glass Writing Pape: Blot Una: and OuTHTPens, Stoney returned if not lofted. Aik or It alennon • rarer Francis, Exchange St., Norwich,

THE TIEE RECORD TEA DUTY CHEQUE, £85,862 8 8 pe*rosented over ONE THOUSAND MILLION CUPS OF THIS DELICIOUS TEA.

~ . , ~...• . .iltt ~;')//// ..• f., P 07 .0. D 4-p- .A?". 4 .0 :.y, 9 ( '/,, •' ~ Ati. ~. ; 1:P;;,!..- :. ".t .. ,+-7.,. ' -'2 ~ ~'r-41-7"..4 ..4-04,..-*.f..5-z: ..-.-....2.- ......,.?..,:i.....;:,,,,,, -,.....,.:.:,.1.':,.., . .";T' .. 1 ~„ '.-.., -„4.4 ~ "' •t- - * -P*l ini .-.:E17:.:4A.gri0 ' 1'....;' • •-'7.....-: ..• . •• '....i:::',-?` -'?"•••••••1 •-''''•-• ."•.' .:7;.:.:-'• -'...- `,----','..1!A.• •-:•-.;..'-'.-z..:'...;*;L•:;.:-..,.;:•-. t # e'. It". ~. -"Af.l*.;P`''''' '-.l.''''' . t. ...' 1 •'-..Z.:4 --:7' - , ~,,:12, , `-: . .4 :",:. ; ~r ~;"•,::-? 4,%;'.:''' 1:::::' :,... ',.-",-,:i. +; i 1. :st'l . • '`'•',' :, ;, te 7•:::5.k:-.7---:,;-::-;-e..--:-. I - 1 Arif5i...;;4.:,.:,.,,,,,,,,,00t:4::,-,....„...,„6 ~.„-: :','3::.• . :t4i % I:.'. ~ 1 y ,i;::i , i;; 'e...g1..,...A . _sier P.:'?.. . : .1 '''''.l' ......'`''!",:!,...4"'Fr.';'.2.14.4p1'....."." ' •,e;.- ,00`._,,...-- ...-: ' .........,' C:' : ''Vr'.‘...'',-:;.:',._,: . -".Z:,- ' ' ,',.: .s. ' :::....."'..... i.;.'''.''...,,'''. •".:.:.:.C." . - a. len ....'i'L:i.4'. ,y J ':-. • .::::-,-"-' . Uncle NeU. : .L.... ....:.; ' 7 ~,E:IF.r, • A .'0.?'::',...7,1-1- 1' ..,y;ori.g) .--- 1,...::',i, • -' Pc - A; 41,•;..1• ' -7.it.z.:' ' -:::-,';''''' Hi t' . iti;i:"77.`r'i4(•?..' " ' " They 4 1 .:..y..: ....•:1' .. ~I AP— 1. i'i::,t;il.;•:, :7,-';‘.Z.:•?,•-• ; " ~ . I, .• ~, ,r, ~„iiiie,s6. .% ,v ~,,,,,,- \ a t3t,r- brii , ..-,.:'• I.: -..., rA, \,......,,4.1},4- S' a, --- , . . .._ ,;•' , , . . , . • I have

op " 'Ps. . . • Od; Inti.,s4lll _ 144 %.••• , .• •'( ( I,nauPT-. ,=`4lllllllr. " bumer.x..9 PERHAPS YOU ere not acquainted with the delicious flavor of mAsorsra ESSE P,OP T NC COFFEL.: dc CHICORY .4 in which case we shall he pleased to 1.1 send you a free sample upon receipt of a Pictorial Postcard addressed to NEWHALL & MASON. NOTTINGHAM. -f< 0 a 1;3D0 Maki Makes Strong Boys and COI& Bound and Good Teeth.

fp) . 4fritt • • ,i40.411A 4.4 r; tycL IE3 If SSI P THE CLUBMAN. Sightseeing Awheel. Cyclists are sometimes blamed for not exhibiting greater curiosity in the inspection of local lions when travelling through unfamiliar districts, With- out being desirous of applauding those whose sole idea is the mileage to be covered, it must be pointed out that loitering is expensive of bodily energy. If a cyclist wishes to ride only fifty miles in a day, he must make his halts to view objects of interest • subsidiary to his cycling, or it will cause him some discomfort. On starting riding a cyclist gradually developes his full power as he warms to the work. Any prolonged pause causes a cooling down and a stiffening of the muscles. On resuming, a disin- clination for exertion is noticed. If frequent dis- mounts occur, quite a quantity of energy may be frittered away over a stage of ten miles, and a journey of any distance under these conditions is bereft of the pleasure usually associated with cycling. The Position of the Lamp. • _Those who prefer to carry a lamp on the fork •`6ll.e!kt of on the usual head bracket declare that rYf the Secure a brighter light immediately in front wheel. This would at first sight appear to *if , • 1 t„....= - be so, but from a study of these two diagrams, which have been made for me by an expert in the employ of one of the great cycling lamp manu- ' ; N facturing firms, it is evident that the advantage in this way is very slight. The sketches show the diffusion of the lamp rays in both positions. The drawbacks to having the lamp on the fork are obvious in stacking the machine with others in a stable or in a luggage van, when the lamp is • raorb liable to sustain damage in the low position. Although out of the rider's reach from the saddle for purposes of regulation, and more exposed to obscuring deposits of dust or mud on its glass, the fork-carried lamp is a necessity when the presence of a carrier obstructs the higher position. Patching Old Tyres. It is generally admitted that it is mistaken economy to pursue tyre repair to extreme. For example, when the lining of a cover has decayed, and the tyre has to be ridden soft to avoid a burst - from one of the many swellings on its time-worn tread, the time has arrived, not for the re-lining of -kt the cover, but for the purchase of a new one. • Every inch of patching canvas applied to the lining of a cover tends to slow and deaden the tyres running. The writer's experience of having tyres re-rubbered and re-lined has not been satisfactory, and, now that good covers can be bought at reason- able prices, the practice is not one to be recom- ruended. Whenever possible, tyre repairs should Itzle entrusted to the makers, it being to their interest ° keep satisfied the users of their particular tyre. Cycling and the Stage. Little Miss Iris Hawkins, who plays the part of the child in George Alexander's play, His House in Order,' at the St. James's Theatre, celebrated r, the hundredth performance of that successful pro- duction by having a series of portraits taken with her New Hudson bicycle. Many leading lights of the London stage still retain their devotion to the 'bicycle as the best means of keeping fit for their arduous professional duties.

iAT4t, IFETBSTs Are the Cycles that best --- stand everyday wear. That is a fact proved by the history of Cycling and by the experience of all riders of the famous

... . 'l, ''' 'A: 7' ..::'—*-- : • • * / '';&\S'. ' it'' '''' . .. . ' . • ' . • 1 1'i1.,---....i'\40v.'''',.".•,, 1 ' ' t :X i ',..f. :Z ', -t., ..-i' • ..k ~4 * - • o.', ,-,;,0i, I 1;.; ~ • I, :' ' :-,, 7, . ) .• 's ti X,P,, 7.,' tt ' .....

The Closed Door. The increase in the number of motor cars, their speed, and the clouds of dust they raise, have proved too much for the residents in wayside cottages. No longer does the passing cyclist catch glimpses of domestic interiois across thresholds occupied by infants or household pets, for the doors in every hamlet are closed to keep out the plague of dust which afflicts the roadside dweller. Many and various are the preventiVes which are being tried by local authorities to mitigate the dust nuisance. Amongst them Akonia, an odourless preparation, applied two or three times a month by means of a watercart, is said to give excellent results. Electric Cycle Lamps. The application of electricity to the service ot the cyclist, in place of oil or acetylene gas, cannot be regarded as a practical success up to the present. The light afforded by the self-contained dry battery lamps is altogether inferior to that of an average oil-lamp, while the weight of an accumulator carried on the machine, and periodically recharged, compares unfavourally with that of a powerful gas lamp. About fourteen years ago, the writer experimented with an electric lamp, but was disappointed with the results. What the cyclist needs is not merely a light to denote his presence on the road to other traffic, but an illumination which shall enable him to command a fair view of his path ahead. .This advantage is possessed by the acetylene lamp, and in a lesser degree by good oil lamps, either of which render night riding safe and pleasant.

ABSOLUTELY • • FAULTLESS. cy. Perfect material, work and finish, - every good modern improvement, ".ia very iuw prices distinguish taw nAPI D CYCLES You should find out about them before making your choice. ' They have 30 years reputation and still lead for combined excellence and low price. Easy terms or good cash discount. Catalogues free. New Rapid Cycle Co., Ld., Birmingham.

• V -- -' t=t, ' •:-T5.• '—' \ TALKING ~ .---..,m, • ' , \ 111FAN't itir. - T O°ITR S, 'ir 11AM Tgoen, dvria.t aslZh to cover gauemucicihmb , ......... . . , ( \ much steeper hills with greater ease—and .411Pr4... i generally have an easier and more esjoyable time if you are mounted on a 0 iaciorliza ENFIELD ' . • with the GIRDER FRAME--the frame which is so per cent. ' stronger than the diamond, and entirely eliminates the common fault ' , ef whippiness. . . It is now included in all models from „6to eon. upwards. . Art booklet free from the foilowlng Agents: • 0 ' WAT:111-NGTON. Reiner, & Davies, Sankey St. ST.RELENS, 3 S. McLean, IL Dube St. IT 3ISToN NV, Taylor, Flixton Road. CADISHEAD, G. LEE, 197, Liverval Road, , LERHI, W. N. Pennington & Sous, .:.:.'9' • ' .. . , iIL-Fivititi,„-----i-6. -- 7-7 :,:;:t. ~ :1,10.4 • OLD OR .s. ~;,;r* ,7,,, , I_, it WE BUY .. •,9, •,..s . ,0511....:. FALSE TEE T 11 -Pf „ ,ki.‘,4s UTMOST VALUE SENT I3V RETURN. .---,,--'- . g Dil '4 6 Or offers me In and teeth held over until acceoted. (Established 1133.) ',.L. ' • II 4 *' HANKEks' REFRENC:I.S: CAPITAL & CCU:Trips, IPSWICH BRANCH., R. D. &J. B. FRASER, Ltd. ( nenti" ) II PRINCES STREET. ISWICH, ENGLAND. o PLAND. \this PaPer• ' 4,. --- 4-- ~,...e.r. pi ~ t i, '-iitr--Teip_ _ ,-...„17-_,....„ ..,.._,;;,;.: .., , •:..?e,' . 'a., "., , -.IA. '-,-,:-.,--,;,-0.- 7,-:,. 7;1 .- - .r---"T,-.---Z7-7-...,..1 . --77--:.---' -- -

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE. OF OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY BY' EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S . PILLS. SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES ! ! 59, Mount-street, Northwood, "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS ! I " Hanley. Staffs, Mona Cottages, ' Jan. 6th, 1905. Coalville, Leicestershire, Dear Sir,—My wife suffered from Rheumatism for a June 4th, 1904. long time, and could get no relief. She was a patient Dear Sir.—l thank you for the good I have received at the North Staffordshire Infirmary, but got worse,and from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two could not walk without crutches. I heard about your months ago and tried almost everything, but got no Pills from a friend, and bought a small bottle. AFTER better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that THE SECOND DOSE SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES, and AFTER TAKING THEM FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE C URED was completely cured in a week. After spending pounds I was so bad for a ponth I could hardly get downstairs your pills cured her at a cost of 2s. 3d. I shall recorn- Beings miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks mend your pills to everyone I know, and you can make to your Pills (have never felt the least pain since. I the best use of this as a testimonial if it pleases you to recommend them to everybody myself. do so. Yours truly, Yours gratefully, GEORGE WRIGHT. JAMES WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all ' injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Gosweli road London' GEORGE EADE, 232, Gosweli road, London. --- ---_ EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS,

. ... 4,4,''•- • 041 oi 4 -; -14:04-j .^6.w., ~._ .•. . i* ~,,4 ;' ' ' ' . ".''' • ' ..: ,•4 40,,.. •••••„ ~, ,N,-; \ ^N \ • MADE LONDON , *".`, • asq.o, ~, , , 5 'BANK' WATCH ' ', . THREE - QUARTER PLATE English Lever. BEST • .1t), A ' 14 LONDON MAKE. Chronometer Balance, Keyless action, in Sterling Silver Crystal Glass Cases, £B, i', (In Massive 18-ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, £15.) —, V ort ON "an tim T es" SFE3I 1 . MONTHLY PAYMENTS .„. ......../ .Pit Firamaz Prices au fa 11. C.A.Z-X. . Nman'alew:ch"' 10/- Deposit with Order. 9 successive Payments of 10 - each for ' ILLUSTRATED No. 2. of Clocks, "In- the LS Watch. For Gold Watch, Monthly Payments of LI. k BOOKS crdorrzr.t..„n Steam Factory: 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, E.C. FREE. for Presents..,

How ?are you a Everyone is familiar with this expression. It is heard the wide world over. Every language has its equivalent for "How are you?" Good health is the one great universal wish and desire. The most eminent expetts say that four-fifths of all sickness comes directly from indigestion, or a torpid condition of the liver and bowels. AAI 1 4 cure four-fifths of all diseases by removing the cause. They tone you up and dispel the impurities which cause sluggishness and heaviness— Natures warnings of disorder. BEECHAM'S PILLS keep people cheerful and make life sunny. They are the greatest known medicine for giving strength to the stomach, correcting the digestion and regulating the liver, kidneys, and bowels, in fact they are an unfailing remedy to Keep Yi du Fit. ,• ~,,,$). 41110

BRADFORD'S IIidIVERSALLY APPROVED LAUNDRY AND DAIRY crall';l7.! MAC HINE RY THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140-142, High Holborn, London ; 190, 13olt1 Street. Liverpool ; Victoi is Avenue, Mancheeter ; Crescent Iron Works, Salford-

I .., ‘4\74,,\Ns. , , . .. I , ..' !. '. ' '- - . COFFEE -i/ '. .Y. 'ESSENCE yr:. , . m \‘‘‘‘\\ .. ~... ~ ..., . • • P •-',. LE ...: gni 11l .1 MI, • . , . ..i., p 1,,,.. ~,,, . • ~,... ~., ~,...,:// • ..6.....-..• . vi, • ....,N,........, ~., .. , ~,ve f .. lit,. ~,,,, • 5.- ili ' - ',',,/ , , r ,

SIRE SUN.o _ FIRE OFFICE 0 1 o &A, OLDRST INSURANCH "OED (MICH IN TDB WORLD. FUNDS IN HAND £2,563,000. For al/ particulars app/y to the following Agents WARRINGTON...Messrs. 1 Il Plok mere & Boa, Bridge t• Alesire. Wood A Son. Commercial Chamters 5, Horsoinarket etreet, Mr. Louis A. Wiser. 21. KI g str et, Lowe. I. dank street.

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS. Registered No. 40,376, • NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED. Used in the Royal Lauhdriee. Should be used in every house. Once trEcl, al ways ss anted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW The greatest boon ever offered to the'Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, &a. it des not stick to spider-web- the materials. Sold everywhere In Packt:s at Id., M., and bd, each. PRF.PANND ONLY BY T. CRITORLEY. Chemist, BLIICKBURN. 7. Whiteorc.ss strest, London, We.

PERRY'S PEERLESS EhIBRO CATION pc Cures gestic", ‘l\l‘ Lumbago, Colds • czAkeotilll Sors-thsost. Chilblains. P fr.., 00, 1/1a Pea bottle. PERRY a CO., 2 humid Buildings, East Croydon.

'.. ' ' ' .........0... -:RY W E AT ti t.. tl f b.' n...,,A4'h,-•.,%t. 44 •.;',',..' ' . • .1••• ,I 'en V I.' .;4! Mr, ;•••......,. • ~,,, .. - . >7{7o-%:lT4t c - ci- ----"N'N' - ''' ... .:'•":"/.44.3 \,. . ..e,. r• ' ' S, "..%„,...._ 4f...A . g 'N'N'43:O•"-iG-4-"•-••- •• 'CLASS •- ~ -.CARDEN HOSE 1 63 LONG ACKE,LONDON. , LARGEST M,ERS OF HIGH ' CLASS HOSE IN THE WORLD. _ I FREE Wholesale Prices. Cycles. Motors 'it all AaceSSorlells WO: '. ilif TO a,son New and second. hand Machmes xtv.llly 17.13,•Fp,eri,:&e:zit,.1\hti.lr-r.brie.ne• ALL • c',3csi:AElß:d;r:7- ether makers. 80•PAGL ~ Machlnes. Neser such bargains oftercd. Free. Agents, Wanted. ILLUSTRATED , wARRiz Dun t Inisx sen all n g ow a CO. v.k., tvr hue lt.c CATALOGUE. il iNt..roN-S-I.LutE, LNG. • 1 ~.'' Di ..L '...4„ , .. .„.... ~. . . --, , USTARD WITH , RHUBARB. Wholesome and Healthful, Rich and Creamy. BIRD'S CUSTARD it the one Mi., needed with all Stewed, Tinned, or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour, and imparts to theta a grateful mellowness.

L. 6is foraphoErhon• gad in Be' ‘_ w. ? D • DOUBLE PRIX ' aIMORGE MEL.SI9,O =LS RN A Customer keu just writtex ire to us eurfollows:— .• It is now over four years since you sent me one of roes machines, and during that time it must have gone over my records I me y say thousands of times, and it still is in perfect condition. 'the 'Reproducer, however, from continued wear needs looking to, and I herewith enclose it" A drop of Seccotine fixed the Reproducer. The machine was one of our lowest.priced model. But no matter what you pay— When you buy COLUMBIA Machines you get the full worth of your money. Imisroved " Lyric-Re&oducer" models just out. Sweetest tone. Sweer.4ly constructed. Send postcard for "Price Book oo".forf,11 info rmation and latest list of Records. COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH COMPANY. Gen'l.. 89, Great Eastern St., London. E.C. 200, Oxford St., W. Glasgow :50, Union St. Cardiff: 96, St. Mary St. DEALERS IN EVERY TOWN.

k.

What does the meal Why, it just means what ft s— "Keep to the Right the right • General Furnishers. • for instance. You know father says"l. he has round them and means to . • 4,- keep to them, they arty ti • Estab. PITTS'S' tel. 0145. tgze. (Patronised Fsy Rcyalri. LONDON ROAD, Manchester. PRICES RIGHT.' GOODS RIGHT. ALL R:OHT. CiPEINIKIRIESIZEINV

- 40 7 / ttirri7;34 ... , i1t1i...1 i•-• . t--, `• _ ..... , - - - \ I

STILE NOW ON. WELL DESERVES A VISIT. as we are offering Thousands of Pounds Worth of FURNITURE, CARPETS, BED- STEADS, BEDDING, Etc., at very considerably UNDER USUAL PRICES. 800 Priced Designs Post Free. 80 SPECIMEN FURNISHED ROOMS are always on view at PITTS'S MANCHESTER.

_ 11AZIEWOOLI Eatab. IC7O. ZYCLES:I 1111,h:st Grade. From 15 So. 1 Our Trade To13.1:1 ~suf -0, ensures The nest Value Pe_-fection. Catalogues Free. ....-,-1)\ 7 ...„ teovthereofrepurcl beiic. , Oar Polls'', " Ono Agent One District" When pattbasing you cyd. for 1906, sow 4 to us for the sumo of our nearest agent, and we will east fount. rocairtuaents. HAZLEWOODS, Ltti..CobantrY. A gentrracuttod wk.' not rri,,,,,,,f,i •
