===== 0002601_19060106_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
RRINGTOr EXAMINER IS NOW 'UBLISHED orr Fm -PEWS IS Olf SALi AGENTS AT SEOUL, IN

)N -

P

IDAY AFrERNOON,

ONE PENNY-

AISD

AI AT THE VARIOUS NEWS- ABOUT 4 O'CLOCX.

,13 ANY DIFFICULTY BE EXPERIENCED GETTING THE PAPER THE PROPRIETORS WILL UNDIIRTAKE TO DELIVER A COPY AT ANY ADDRESS IN WARRINGTON BY 6 O'CLOCK ON FRIDAY AFTERNOON WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE.

Addreat all coTnninniaatione

EXAMINER OFFICE,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

BE W fo•E 1' PONT) WINTAYAN CHURCH, wAERINGTON. SUNDI..y NEXT, JANUARY 7th, 19C6. AT 1031 neV. W. wiNt,LOR. AT 6.10 117. SIDNEY PITT. All welcome. 1F1176111 Books provicl,,d. BOLD t".

Oft :

. TREP WitEMIYAN CHURCH., WARRINGTON. ON SITIMAY JANUARY 7th 1905. • At 1030 Rev. RIONRY NTT. At 6.30 Rev. J. MANNING. All Wele,itne. 'Hymn Honks provided.

' B ~ , APT TST CHURCH, LATCH FOR:b• TO-MORROW (3ttNnAY). JANUARY 7th NOS. PREACHER : REV. SOH& FRANCIS MATTHRWS. IN MORNG 10.30 RUBJECT ; " The General El,etlon : ats ee'ildnits siqnl4l,•llN.." ~ ' •.;,,... t.'..:Nnia ./...• A. The " Acme el B APTIST CHURCH, GOLF ORNE ST RRET, . WARRINGTON. • . EtINGAY RPM', 6.30. REV. Hg R BERT DIJNNICO. ANNUAL HERMON VI YOUNG MEN AND WOMEN ON " THR MOTTO FOR THE YEAR." ' ALL OLD FRIENDS INVITED TO ALL SERVICES NEST SUNDAY. rilli

BOLD ST. POPULAR CONCRRTS TO•NIGHT (SATTYRDAy) at 7.30. ARTISTE Mims TAYLOR, 84)Pluxo : Mr. HILL (BranicnooL)BABB ; Mho R. TAYLOR. VroLtattrr ; lAMB ST. BRASS BAND Q7ARTR2TB ; GRAMOPHONE; HIMORt9T, Mr. TAMBq BVI4O ADMISSION t—ONII PENNY. GALLERY 2n.

WYCLIFFE CqUllOll, BEWSEY-STREET, W ARRINGTON. , NM" TEAR'''. SUNDAY. JANUARY 7, 19. AT 10.30. SPICCI AL YOUNG PROPLS'S_ SIMMS

CONDUCT-ET; "BIT- EiV.-ALVE-RD A. LEE, OF E MMANU O,iUycg, BooTr.v. (The ANNUAL PRESIINTATIO* Cis BIBLES to Pastor's Special else, will he made by Mr. Yonne.) N.8.-9peolal Hymns provided. Cordial Invitation is • offered to all former members of the above class to attend this serviee. At 6,30. Sermon on the Wycliffe Motto for 1916, hr the ROW. JOHN YONGE. The Ordinance of the Lord's Supper at close of service.

COUNT y BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- PARLIAMINTARY ELECTION, 1906. TO THE ELECTOR'S.

OFMTLVMEN, Mr. Balfour has at length been compelled, by hopeless disorder within his own party. to take the course which Public opinion had long demanded in vain. He has resigned. and a Liberal Government representative of all that is most vigorous and distinguished in the progres- swisehnlovententi of our time now seeks your confi.lance it I Programme which it has frankly placed before the country. Honoured as lamby an invitation from the Liberal Association and Progressive Labour League of Warring- ton, it if alike my privilege and duty to fight for the cause of Progress to the best of my ability in our town. The issues which depend mum the decision of the electorate are of the GRAVEST IMPORTANCE. Behind us lie ten years of rf -action, unnecessary wars and rumours of ware, extravagance, and what John Bright all his days denouncad—Tory class legislation. TA return the Conservative party again to power would be to repeat all these disasters and to enorm.ousl v aggravate them by a revival of the hateful system of Protection. The alternative le a Liberal policy of peaCer conoillation. economy end genuine social reform for the benefit and advancement of the people. The mandate given to the late government in the General Election of 1900 on behalf of their Imperial Polley abroad, has been exploited by them to serve the interests of the privileged classes and vested Interests at home. They have yielded to the most selfish demands of monopoly and mita), and of the party of ascendency in the North of Ireland, increased the burel•ns of the poor and fettered the freedom of labour. Indolent in legislation, yet activa in creating Compli- cations.they have as a climax to their miscloinga in South Africa introdneed an odious form of Chinese Labour, while et home they have unsettled commerce by a pro- Pont to return to return to Protection, and to a tax on the people's food, and have thro en Our system of Educa- tion into a turmoil of confusion and strife. We most fight once more the old battle for LIBERTY OF coNSCIRNOB, for the RIGHT OF PUBLIC CONTROL OVER PUBLIC EXPENDITURE, and the LIEVRATION OF THE NEOESSARIES OF LIFE FROM BURDRNSOMB TAXATIoN. I STAND AS A FREE TRADER, and I will give my STRONGEST OPPOSITION, not only to Mr. Chamberlain's proposals for food taxes and a general tariff, but also to Mr. Balfour's ill-defined policy of retaliation. My views on the problem of Irish Governmert which is ever present with us. are well known, and I stated them clearly in my letter to the papers about a fortnight since. I hold that in Ireland.as in England, Government should be OF the people. FOR the people, and BY the people, awl that we must constantly work towards that ideal—R solution beneficial from every point of view In Ireland, end making for peace and the increased strength and permanence of our great empire. CH MESE LABOUR. I feel most etrongiv that the introduction of Chinese Labour into South Africa is an UTTBU ABOMINATION. Lord Selborne In his latest memorandum admits that many of the Chinese did not understand the terms of their agreements, and it is NO EXAGGERATION TO BAY that the coalitions under which these Chinese are - -4 are a SPECIES OF SLAVERY. netters freoly admit they adopted this policy `, Trades Unionism ; and the proportion ot labour . ri2md as compared with coloured much more Hum br. cent. and In many cases I hold that in justice , what it was formerly. workers and In the future interests of the . a SINISTER and GitADlNti system should be • led as speedily as possible. My strong ooinlons in regard too the TAXATION OF LAND VALUItS, and the amendment of JUDGE-Hum . LAW AS IT AFFbCTS THADES U 171055, are I be- lieve well known in Warrington. Die mainly on the issues referred to in this address that I venture to appeal to you for support. Should you do me the honour to elect me as your representative in Parliament Ishall strive to do all I can to further the local interests of our town, and the general well-being of

I

I am, gentlemen, 1 War faithful friend. ?atten Arms Hotel. ARTHUR H. CROSFIRLD. Warrington. Jima. sth, 1906. . - ------- ---- _ LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY. BIRMINGHAM RAMIS ON MONDAY, JANUARY FtYn. FOR ONE OR TWO DAYS, AND ON TiIESDAY, JANUARY 9TR, FOR ONE DAY. VDRA P EXCURSION VOMITS will be intued from WARRINGTON 03,,,,,., QUAY)to BIRMINGHAM NEW ST. CHEAP TRIPS TO LONDON. CHEAP EXCURSION 'TICKETS will be Issued to LONDON (Blum's) from WARRINGTON (BANK QUAY). as tinder. , FRIDAY NIGHT, JAN. 12tb, FRIDAY NIGHT, JAN. 16th. . TITFORAYI. 34203R,N41, tisGo.r JSA.dma.ys. 13th RD SATURDAY MORNING, JAN. 27th, FOR 2,3, 4, 6 or 8 daYII • MONDAY NIGHT, JAN. 22nd, .. TUESDAY MORNING, JAN. 23rd, FOR 2,3, 5 or 8 days. For further particulars as to fares, times and conditions SA see Small bills which may be obtained at the Stations. Ruston Station, London, FRBDRRICK HARRISON. , January 1906. General Manager. ......_ COUNTY BOROUGH OP WARRINOTON— EDI:CATION COMMITTEE. , TENDERS are INVITED (or the SUPPLY of :—(9) Read- 'nrc and other School Books and peneral School And Kinder- ;mien Materials (b) SCHOLARS' DUAT, DESKS (e) COAL (d) FIREWOOD and ,cAwDUST (e) SOAP (f) PAILS, 140. (g) BRUSHES (t) PRINTING and STATIONERY and for the Cleaning of School Windows, Winding AC., of School Clocks, Tuning of School Pianos. Forms of Tender may be obtained, and samples of (a) and (b) seen, at the Education Office, Sankey street. Warrington, front the 9th, to the 12th January, and of (0, (g) and (h) Ir.orn the 15th to the 19th January, 1906, between the hours 0(9 a.m. and PAIL j, MO ORB MURRAY, Secretary and Director. Education Office, Warrington, December, 195. - -

U

ALLA-N LINE TO CANADA & UNITED STATES RAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. ' hIIIIIIIIAN Halifax &Philadelphia Jan. 15 PARISIAN Halifax & St. John', N.B Jan. 18 MAMA St. MA's. N.Y. and Hallfax...Jan. 20 SICILIAN Halifax and St. John N. 13 Jan. 25 tineriee accommodation for lit, End and rd classes. Opeasial through rates to all pointa. ALLAN BROTHERS & CO., MHO STREET. LIVERPOOL

411

MAHOGANY BOARDS, PLANKS, AND LOGS. WALNUT .. .. .. .. OAK .. .• .. WHITEWODD ~ ~ ~ ASH and BIRCH .. .. Spokes Dressed and Cleft. all sizes. Collin Oak Buttes, complete with Moulds. Wide Hazel Pine Boards, 151 n. and upwards. Wheelwrights' Oak Planks and Boards. • Haud-hammer, Sledge. and Pick Handles. Oak Poste. Sills, Fencing, and Mangle Boilers. , Butchers' Blocks and Sycamore. Planking. , CHAPMAN it 00,, Broughton-lane, Manchester.

I

I

===== 0002601_19060106_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
1

employed a. The mine ow to escape British of white labour on the ' 'A* has diminished 50 per L. n SO per cent, from iustiee to the British N • Transvaal this -.. '" " ended as

1116

===== 0002601_19060106_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Tli g WA]

b

===== 0002601_19060106_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
t 11 (4 bfr L X . it* 0 6. ii Ull 1 IttLA 1 *4L4 111111 r t W

• --- - ODEb frANIOINIC or Locomotive, works well, 11l be mill ally made of copper and brass, in capital order and eonclith n ; only 6s Pd. A bargain. Also, some very pl Pnghws and Boilers, chean.—Hughes Brothers. UGliss BROS., 1i 6 uhoWNLOW-UILL, uQflB PUOS.. I_JEOWNLOW-HILL. LITMWOOL.

GIFTS.

siurimpAir, JAN U2.ll'Y 6, 1906.

NRW

'MAR'S GIFT',

By Post}' 734 per Quarter 5s 6d annum is 9d per Q-larter cdt

RSTABLISHED 1838.

IMPORTANT NOTICE.

TRLEPRONZ 382!

LTD.,

STORES:

ASK FOR

SULTANA HEALTH BREAD.

DR. is COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. INVALUABLE FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA,

Ii

"OOPING

WHO LOWE ?

WHY I TRH SAFH MAN.

SAFES

OF HIGH QUALITY' AND LOW PRICES. ADINGFACTUEERS, MIIRCHANTS, SOLICITORS. AND OTHEILS SUPPLIED., NO OFFICH COMPLIITE WITHOUT A LOWE'S SAFE. DEPOT: 313 A ALBERT STRHET (BRIDGE ST.) MANCTIESTRE.

ARTHUR KAY & BROTHER, JEWELLERS, 2, MARKET ST., ROYAL EXCHANGE, MANCHESTER

FOR GOOD VALUE IN DIAMONDS AND GEM RINGS. WATCHES, CFLAUCS, BRACELETS, BROOCHES. ALSO EVERV ARTICLE, OF JEWELLERY AND SILVER WARE SUITABLE FOR

NEW YEAR'S GIFTS.

PEARSON & PAYTON, LTD., HAVE PLEASURE IN ANNOUNCING THE OPENING OF THEIR LARGE NEW PRESIISES AT

75, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.' PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, MUSIC, &c., TUNINGS, IBPAIRS AND EXCHANGE.' ORDERS PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO. TELRPHONE 353 X.

-

NEW EAR. GIP'S

NH VP TBAR'd GIFTS RICHARD JEFFREYS, 83, BOLD-STREET, LlvEareot, ri'.9.Ydat MALEII9 AND "111.1hT T• .o &mac; lta_nt Trained ilanrea. aditAble WeJy wad 1610.12 day Praent2, Eohool Prlxes, do. Terms Moderato. d FIR 4 OOLLSOTIOS PHOI'OGAAFHS for Cryitolerma And PariAl Palntirg.

A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pletaree in the Continental Gelleries.

EDWIN RICELIRDSON & SON,

WHOLESALE AND FAMILY GROCERS.

TEMPORARY PREMISES.

IN CONSEQUENCE OF UNFORESEEN CIRCUMSTANCES IN CONNECTION WITH OUR RE-BUILDING SCHEME, WE ARE RELUCTANTLY COMPELLED TO TRANSFER THE WHOLE OF OUR STOCK AND STAFF TO OTHER PREMISES FOR A PERIOD.

WE ARE; NOW LOCATED AT OUR NEW ADDRESS. WHERE WE HOPE TO CONDUCE' BUSINESS AS USUAL.

NOTE fHE ADDRESS : JUBILEE BUILDINGS (LATE SKELTON'S),

HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

SMITH & WALKER,

(LATE HOLMES AND BOOTH), MARKET-GATE, WARRINGTON, LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S TAILORS. AGENTS FOR THE WELL-KNOWN N. AND C. RAINCOAT.

TRY MARSFI'S FOR HARDWARE.

53, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON.

SHEFFIELD CUTLERY, lIIGH-CLASS LAMPS, OIL-STOVES, OILCLOTHS, itc ," AND

GENERAL IRONMONGERY.

HORTON'S BEST BREAD 6D, P R 4 LBS. HOUSEHOLD BREAD, 50, do. PEOPLE'S CASH BREAD,

PURE AND MORE NUTRITIOUS THAN THE BEST WHITE BREAD.

TWO SHAPES (COB AND TEN) IN 2LB. LOAVES, 2n.

DIGESTIBLE FRUIT PIES.

MODEL STEAM BAKERY, WILDERSPOOL ROAD, WARRINGTON.

NitiS. THOS. CLuersiFivEltsWs CARRY ON THE STATIONER AND NEWSADENT 4.T T 413 "BXMdINEB " OFFICB, mARKRT TIRIT. TI A RLIZSTO VaP,

AWONDERFUL DISCOVERY.—Thig is the se of research and exoeriment, when all nature, no to speak, is ransacked by the scientific for the comfort and happiness of man, Science has indeed m t.de giant stride& during the past century, and among the —by no means least importatt—diseoveries in medicine oozes that of THRRAPIOH This prenaratiqn Is unquestionably one of the most genuine and reliable Patent Medicines ever Introduced, and as understand, been used In the Continental Hospitals by Rleord, llostnn, Sobert. Velpean, Maisonnenve the well- known Chartaignae, and indeed by all who are regarded aa ' authorities in such matters, including the celebrated Lefler:land, and 520 K, by whom It WM some time since uniformly adopted,and that it is worthy the attention of those who require such a remedy we think there is no doubt. From the time of Aristotle downwards a potent agent in the removal of these diseases has (like Ihe famed philosopher's stone) been the object of search of some hopeful generous minds ; and far beyond the mere power—lf such could ever have been discovered—of transmuting tbe baser metals Into gold is surely the discovery of a remedy so potent sa to re- plenish the fatting energies in the one Casa, and in the other so effectually. speedi!v and safely to expel from the system the poisons of acquired or inherited disease in all their potent forms as to leave no taint or trace behind. Such is the new French Remedy THHUAPION, which may certainly rank with, if not take precedence of. many of the discoveries of our day, about which no little ostentation and noise bays been made, and the extensive and ever-increasing demand that has been crested for this medicMe wherever introduced appears to prove that It is destined to cast Into oblivion all those questionable remedies that were formerly the sole reliance of medical men. Therapion may be obtained of the principal chemists and merchantsatthroulhont the world,— Diamond lields Adverti,er."Kmerley.—Por particulars of Therapion, send stamped, addressed envelope to MR. R. JOHNSON. 43 HOLFORD SQ • LONDON', W.O.

FOE MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUSANDS OK LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BBNSFIT PROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE TIRBN UNIVBRSA LLY ADMITTED TO BE A BOON '7 0 WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anzemla, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite,Hysteria,Palpitation of the Heart. Debility. Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, wind all Female Ailments. Boxes 90.. ls. lid.. 21. &Les. 6d. and Ils. DR. f/AVIS'e renfous PILE AND CONSTIPATION CURB. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipatio,. and unequalled rernec,v for lose or appetite and Liver Corn. plaint. Bottles 2;9, 413. 11!-, bY Pest 34. extra, from the proprietors, 309 Porrnanto-Roan. HOTTING HILL, Lottnort, W. (Only address).

Ou I 1 I.' atlaBAL tSI bit Ul:gil`t .

HOOFING COUGH The celebrated effectual Hoopoe cow It cure without internal coo.'

TGTr ------- " medicine.

TTOOPING COUGH of ail Chemists price 4s. per bottle. Sole Wbr le- BRONCHITIS cal,, Agents: W. EDWARDS & Sow, 157, Queen Victoria CROU Street, London.

HBRE.U• EMBRVCATION.

,

•

F.FiTABLISECED 1E63. R'3

===== 0002601_19060106_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
No 15011 ONE PENNY

000THROYD'S DIANOS. 1100THROYD'i L lANOS. CASH OR MONTHLY PAYMENTS. A POLLO DIAN° °LAYER. ..CiPOLLO L lANO 1 LAYER.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
RECITALS DAILY

9, SUEZ STREET, lIIILANDS STRAW, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19060106_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
11. ii IN.. I I

I 'now, "67.-r

===== 0002601_19060106_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
-- WINDOW AND FACIA LETTgRS, Glas4 and Wood Signs, Engraved Brass Plate., Enamelled Iron Signe,ffixed complete,—EUGHES, 28 Corporation at., Bretiler.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
'TOPIG BRBEDEREL—Pine Pedigree Boar Pig II at CHARLES OSBORNE'S, 9, Wicketone Bill, Halton rd., Runcorn, Applications invited.

ANTIQUE SILVER, fine old :74beffield Plats, Ivorles,Bronzes,Jewele, dm; established over 30 years. ITel. 195x.—Gavis, 99, Great Dwie it., Strangeways, I Manchester.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW

IN SMALL SILVER WARE TELEMONE ORDERS RECEIVE PRO'dPl' ATTENTION. NAT. TBLEPRONU. ZI3IX.

• •.•

===== 0002601_19060106_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
SUITS, TO MEASURE.

28/6, 33/6, 39/6, 49/6, 57/6.

MOURNING , ORDERS RECEIVE SPECIAL I ATTENTION AND QUICK DELIVERY.

NMI=

===== 0002601_19060106_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
'TRW TVA'

EUSTANCE & CO.,

SANKEY STREET, INVITE INSPECTION

WA.RRINGTON, OF THE FINE•IT

SELECTION OF' GOODS SUITABLE FOR NEW YEAR'S GIFTS EVER SEEN IN A'ARRINGTON,iIN DIAMOND GOODS. GOLD AND SILVER ''EWELLERY, t4OLID SUSEP. AN') FT.7:2fRO

'ENE: NOVELTIES ENDLESS VARIETY OF

===== 0002601_19060106_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
'OUR SPLENDID SELECTIONS OF

SITITINGrS & RAINPROOF ,COATINGS

ARE GENUINELY NEW GOODS. FROCK COATS & DRESS SUITS A SPECIALITY. WE HAVE UPWARDS OF 400 CHOICE DESIGNS "TO SHOW YOU. PATTERN BOOKS WILL BE SENT TO YOUR ADDRESS AT REQUEST.

OUR WORKMANSHIP IS THOROUGH AND CARRIED OUT UNDER THE ABLEST SUPERVISION.

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING fk CLOTHING DEPOT, AND 10: RORSRMARRET ST., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
e

-.••- • -- •

===== 0002601_19060106_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS.

This old and tried iremedy has !stood the test ot two generations.

RRIetTSE to be put off with a SUBSTITtiT6. The ORIGISAL can be had of ALL OIiBMISTS if you let it be leen that you are not weak enough to accept an Imitation.

COLLIS BROWNH IS THB BABB:

111. lir. 28. 9D., 0. 6v,. THE PRICES

===== 0002601_19060106_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
--,'l

===== 0002601_19060106_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Or

I

===== 0002601_19060106_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
I

I

I‘.

IP

V

a -

===== 0002601_19060106_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
a

===== 0002601_19060106_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
I

..1

- • •

- 111

===== 0002601_19060106_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE...

WHITE ROSE.

b, GERALD BIS&

CHAPTER XXXVI.

!I EACH for himself," muttered lan Frazar, as he drove to Holborn Viaduct. "This damned show has burst up a bit too soon, or I should have feathered my nest out of it a bit better. As it is, I've only got his Grace's monkey; but I may be able to raise a bit more in Bavarienburg. I only wish that I could have persuaded that sublime ass of a Rudolph" (here his lip curled contemptuously) " to bolt-too. I could have lived comfortably on him for the rest of my life, and had some sort of a locus slandi. But the idiot insisted on riding the high horse. Damn 'him, kick- ing me out like that I I only wish I had had time to stop and give him a hiding : but it wasn't worth it. Anyhow, it won't be long before he pays for it; and I shall get a cheap revenge." On the platform with a start he recognised Ellis Gordon's back, as the latter entered a carriage. So he took the utmost precaution to avoid him both in the train and on the boat. "He'd want to go halves," he said to him- self, as he sat back in his seat, meditatively puffing at one of the duke's best cigars. "It will be time to make terms if I find that he, too, is bound for l3ayarienburg." However, to his relief he saw nothing of him after Cologne: and he proceeded on his jour• ney with a lighter heart. It was late the following night before he reached Bavarienburg ; and he put up at the principal (hotel, intending early the following morning, to seek an audience with the King. f The latter, he knew, would have very scant sympathy with his son's indiscretion, as the Stuart blood was on the side of his late wife and had nothinc, to do with himself. More- over, he would be afraid lest he might find himself seriously compromised with Great Britain, and, consequently, in disfavour with the Kaiser. lan Frazer laid out a rough, plan of cam- paign over his last cigar, deciding, however, to allow affairs to shape themselves finally at the interview, when be had had a chance of seeing how the King took it. So he went to bed with high hopes that the morrow might render the "White Rose" sclieme not quite so abortive so far as his own ends were ,:oneerned. .

At ten o'clock h? lyAdle approached the castle and was immediately recognised as the strange Englishman who had a few days before come to see Prince Rudolph, so he had little difficulty in obtaining an audience .with one of the officials of the household. _

To him he refused to reveal one syllable of his business.

" Tell his Majesty that Mr. lan Frazer, of the Diplomatic Service, begs for a private audience with a view to communicating some- thing of the highest importance with regard to Prince Rudolph." " Prince Rudolph ? " exclaimed the official with a start of surprise. " Yes, it is, a very private matter," pursued Frazer coolly ; "and I should esteem it a great favour if you would be so kind as to deliver my message at once, and bring me his Majesty's answer. Iliad the honour of a personal inter- view with the Prince himself only two days ago."'

With a puzzlzd look on his face the other bowed and withdrew.

"I will .see what can be done in the matter," he said enigmati‘...ally. Five minutes lat.:!r a man of thirty entered the room im.petuouslv.

" You to se ;:i the .N.in4 ? " he asked abruptly. - Frazer blandly signinocl a.sgont. a With reference to Prince Rudolph's affairs? " Again Frazer bowed.

"Are you not the Englishman who came over to see Prince Rudolph a fzw days ago..?:' " I am," replied Frazer, " and I haa the honour of a long interview with " Ah," said the other, for the first :time fully realising the situation. " And what, pray," he added suavely, "i thii i'-uportant. private conuirazdeatioa of yours about Prince Rudolph ? " . .

That, sir," said Frazer, smili matically, " i 5 between the King an,l - :t.' • " Really ? " said the other. " • intimate with the Prince? "

" I have that honour," replied Fratf.T. • " have seen a great deal of him parsonall•,- dur- ing the last few days and iiv, in fact, 'become, very intimate with him." '. . • . ". Oh, awl is it fr9m him that you • bring - message ? " - •,.

• " Nat ctly, but lam in his confidence ; and there is a very private matter which cannot be trusted to paper which it would interest his Majesty to learn of," . .

" It is very kind of you, Mr. Frazer," said the other coldly, 'to take all this trouble on Prince Rudolph's behalf."

" Not at all," said the Scotsman depreca- tingly "it is an honour and a pleasure to do a service to such a generous patron as the King of Bavarienburg is reported to be" "Oh," said the other in an incisive tone, "It's a question of blackmail, is it ? 7 " Sir, exclaimed Frazer, starting forward with simulated indignation, "how dare you? You shall account to me for this."

"Hoity-toity, my good fellow; how dare /, Indeed ? " rejoined the young Bavarien- burger, drawing himself up to his full height and growing warm with the discussion. "Do you know who I am ? " Frazer shook his head negatively with a disparaging smile. "I am Prince Rudolph of Bavarienburg," roared the other in, a passion; "so now you know me."

" Prince Rudolph ? " exclaimed Frazer puzzled. "Why, I left him in London thirty-six hours ago !" " When he kickcd you downstairs," con- cluded the real prince 'grimly. Silence fell on both; and Frazer grew livid up to the eyes. "Yes, my blackmailing friend," went on Rudolph, regaining his self-control with an effort, "1 am Prince Rudolph. He who has personated me in London with your damnable White Rose' committee is Count Otto von Adelstein, my foster brother and clearest friend—ambitious for me. I refused to have anything to do with your original proposal; and he—my poor, dear Otto—acted foolishly, wrongly, rashly, quixotically behind my back, hoping to further my interests without my knowledge. Here," he went on, producing a bundle of closely written pages, "is his con- fession, written on the eve of his death, and entrusted to his valet, who arrived at mid-- night last night. And now he is dead," he went on, burying Isis face in his hands, "he is dead—my own beloved Otto. He died for his Rudy's sake; he sinned for his Rudy's sake; and now I have to send these, his last dear words to me, to the King of England, the Emperor of Germany, and strangers, to exonerate myself. My heart is broken at the loss of my ptto "; and for a moment the strong man gav€ way, shaking with sob. For the first time in his life a great fear and a great shame seized Frazer : and he wished that the earth would swallow him up. Suddenly, with an effort the Prince pulled himself together and approached him with blazing eyes. "And then—and then, you, you dirty mean, cowardly hound, you who for your own ends led him, on to his death, come here to blackmail one who would have been a broken- hearted father had things been as you fondly imagined! you—vou cur ! " The Prince raised his hand as though tc strike the cowering man, who failed to keep up his usual bold front and cool assurance under the lash of the other's tongue. But Rudolph checked himself.

_ " I have too much pride to touch you," he said with an infinite scorn in his coldest voice, pointing to the door. " Go, lest I forget myself; and may God have more mercy upon your pitiful soul than you have shown to others ! "

And lan Frazer slunk out of the room abashed for once—an exile and a broken man.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
mcDOUGALL'S Pategt SELF-RAISING FLOUR IN T6IIEGIEEON. The Examiner, Sat.

Instead of thirty pieces of silver, this modern Iscarint had sold himself for ten bank- notes.

CHAPTER XXXVH.

THREE months later Ben and Bina were sitting in the twilight in the drawing-room of Lady Grizelle's cosy country-house. The girl was but a shadow of her former self. The whiteness of her thin face ac- centuated her dark eyes, and her short curly hair gave her a strange piquant appearance. She had lost all her old hauteur of manner, and there was a grave expression in her eyes which was new. She had had a terrible time and the doctors marvelled that she had lived through it. The attack of brain fever had been vcry severe and protracted, as she had insisted upon being told the truth as soon as consciousness returned and the shock had thrown her right back again. Since then she had not spoken on the subject. Her whole soul and life appeared to be bound up in Ben, and she shrank from the outer world.

Ben Nevis himself appeared to be as strong and well as ever, though he had partially lost his bronzed appearance. It was early in May, the month for wed. dings and both her hands were confidingly mtrusted to his care.

"At last," he said softly, "to-morrow darling, you will be altogether mine; and I wil: take you right away from everybody, and we'll travel and travel all over the uorld, wherever the sun is, avoiding winter and searching for happiness." "How good you are to me Ben ! " she exclaimed passionately with a touch of her old tire. • "I Wonder how many of my formn suitors would look at me now, old, ugly, and clivr, aced." She tried to make a little mom at hi ta,but her lower lip trembled suspiciously. " If you talk like that, little one," said Ben, drawing her very close in a masterful :ashion. "I shail be very, very angry with you I Who saysijanv life ? " rike," whispered the girl with a whimsi- cal perversity. "Ala, you rogue ! " he answered, smiling into her brimming eyes, " wait till I get you all to myself, and I'll teach you to tell the truth."

And, as he kissed her, she threw her arms passionately round his neck.

7 "You love me? You do love me, my Ben ? " she murmured eagerly, as though afraid of a recantation. " I can't live without you; yet I don't like you to give up so much for me."

"I give up nothing and gain everything," he protested, soothing her. " Apart from everything nbc, your love is a kingdom in itself. Yon dwell too much on the dark past, my darling. which we must learn to forget in a grcat, boundless ocean of love. You talk of dii;graca ! Look at the King's letter this incrAieg cad his present to you. Read the papers, and you will find yourself the popular her:-do. That you should love me is an honour I appreciate beyond words." " The King has been splendid" said I3ina softly, " and I shall ne•er forget it. Look how he has stood by Charlie, "refialing to allow him to send in his papers, and look at the generous way he has tried to hush up all details .and allow the lesser members of that awful committee to escape. And that—that is the r hev - -sired ' ! Oh, they

tic man they conspin were mad, mad, mad ! "

against

Awl she began to sob hysterically. " Sob on, my darling," he said softly, Fin:king her short curls with an infinite tin kruegs, "if it relieves you. Your time is ihort, as there must be no sobbing after to• morrow. To-morrow you cross the threshold of a new life, and there must be no looking back. Plain 'Mr. and Mrs. Melville' will travel as long as 'Mrs. Melville' likes, living on love • and sunshine, and the Earl and Countess of Ben Nevis will not exist till she wishes to call them back into existence. Time heals, in,y darling, and lee -begin afresh to- Morrow.' " To-morrow," murmured Bina with the happiest smile he had seen since her illness, " to-m0rr0w...."

" Yes,..to-morrow," said Lady Grizelle, who had entered the room softly and unobserved, "to-morrow you will be all to yourselves; but to-night you might try to be reasonably civil to Tour poor hostess, who will have no one to con,iole herself with to-morrow night but Charlie." ,

[ISE END.I

( Copyri grit. )

===== 0002601_19060106_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
HARRIERS.

• WARRINGTON A.C.—An ordinary run took place on Saturday from the Bridge Inn. The usual six-and-a-half Toile course was covered, and the " going " was rather °utile heavy side. A cold biting wind made matters anything but comfortable for the runners who arrived 11,4ne in the following order :—FI. K. Jepson, S. Yarsonage, C. Dagnall, J. Inglis, J. Stewart, and R. Bcnnett.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EXPENSIVE JOURNEY.

At Warrington on Monday, Robert Porter. of no settled abode,was cliarged with travelling on the London and North-Western Railway from Widnes to Warring- ton at a quarter past eleven on Saturday night without having paid his fare. Tt wpm stated that the prisoner arrived at the low level station shortly after eleven o'clock. Ile got out of the compartment and looked about the platform to see if there were any means of getting away. He made a rush for the exit and tried to pass the ticket collector. He was stopped and when asked for his ticket said he had not come by train and healso refused to pay his fare. He again attempted to pass the ticket collector and also pushed him about.— Prisoner said he went on the station to get a parcel and denied baying cone by train.— A fine of 10s. and costs was imposed, or, in default of payment, fourteen days' imprisonment,

TFS THOUSAND AT TEA.—On Tuesday evening the New Year tea parties in connection with the Sunday Schools of Blackburn churches and chapels concluded The custom of tea drinking on the first day of every year is one of long standing, and upwards of ten thou- sand children are estimated to have taken part in this years celebration, in addition to many elder scholars.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
BARAR9US OLD CUSTOMS.

Where English Homes Benefit to-Day

Pitiful indeed must have been the sufferings of wounded soldiers before the day of Ambrose Pare, the great French surgeon, who saw the brutality of dressing wounds with boiling oil, and was the first to substitute the more humane idea of a mild, emollient application. Just as Dr. Pare's emollients marked a huge advance upon the crude methods of the French hospitals, so Zam-Buk, the new healing balm nnd skin cure, is an advance upon the methods of the nineteenth century,for in Zam-buk it is conceded that we have a herbal balm of rare richness and power, It is a preparation which puts one in mind of the many excellent oils and balms used by the Grecian ladies of fashion in bygone days, who, if they took pride in anything, certainly bestowed every pain and attention to ensure a soft, smooth, and healthy skin. In recent ysars the anxiety to have a beautiful skin has led to the introduction of ointments, salves, and creams, which generally possess one or two grave objections. These common preparations contain rancid animal fats and mineral poisons; and they are useless either from the mere fact of their coarsonss, and hence Vie inability of the skin to absorb them, or from the fact that their ingredients, if partially absorbed, are of such a nature as to produce negative or even harmful results. Compounds of mercury, zinc, lead, and bismuth are examples of these risky and undependable preparations. Zam-buk, on the other hand, is a refined balm, pre- pared direct front the juices and balsams of certain 'minable medicinal herbs ; and the manner of the com- bination of these juices is such as to develop their rare skin-curing and skin-healing properties to a point neither attained nor attempted in any ordinary salve or ointment.

In cases or eczema, scalp sores, blotches, ulcers, had legs, piles, and for cuts, bruises, sprains, &c., Zern-buk ' has singular value. ft virtually acts as a "skin-food," dispels disease, stimulates the functions of the skin, and when necessary, builds up new tissue. Zam- kik first soothes pain, allays irritation, and , reduces inflammation by killing off all harmful germs ' and nullifying the effects of dust and other poisonous , matters which may have got into the affected part. The unique purity and consistency of Zam-Buk euables the balm to sink through the pores deep into the tissue searching out and expelling the causes of the trouble in a way no ordinary preparation can possibly do. Zam-buk's work is thorough, and it will overccme the most obstinate skin-disease as well as the simplest injury or disorder. No preparation is so pleasant to use, or FO soothing and healing for chaps, chnlings, cold-sores, chilblains, and common winter dis- orders directly due to the cold weather, as Zarn-bnk• Every home needs a box,

===== 0002601_19060106_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CURATE AND THE

BURGLAR.

By EVELYN SWAN, knthor of "The Snare of Gold, ."Ttrixt Love and Fear," "Wilt Thou Have This Man? " "Little Sally's Luck," "A Penitent's Reverge," &c.

"The man who grasps that door-handle will shake hand 8 with certain death."

The speaker was Mr. McGill, my late husband's partner, and as he stood looking at me out of his grey, thoughtful eyes he gave point to his strange speech by laying his finger on the door in question. I am anything but a brace woman, and I shud- dered a little at his words, though it was my defence that he was planning. He saw this, and a very reassuring smile broke out all over his rather rugged face, lighting it up strangely. "Ye don't need to be frightened any more, Frs. Hammond," he said. "And I'm only sorry that ye didn't ask me to come down here a week or two earlier when these thieves first began their work, instead of suffering the fright I can see has been pulling ye down." "It has been a fearful time for me. I have endured agonies every night, fearing they would come here. The place stands all alone. There's no one in it except the children. my two scared maids, and myself; and there's plenty for the thieves to get, if they were to break in." . .

We' had hd a series of burglaries in Walsington that had thrown the whole neighbourhood into a panic, and the thieves had shewn themselves so skilful and daring that no one could trace them, and they were so accurately informed as to where it was worth their while to go that everyone who had anything to lose was scared. "Well, they may break in here, even when I've done what I mean to do.; but if they break out again, they're cleverer than I think them, and I know nothing of my business or of electricity." He spoke with a dry deliberation that was all suggestive of absolute confidence. cI had been completely unnerved by the bur- glaries, and the strain of the nights of sleepless terror I had passed through had so broken me down that I had sent for Mr. McGill to come and advise me what to do. He had been'my husband's close friend and companion as well as his partner in f•nd T

===== 0002601_19060106_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
The

'day, January 6, 1906.

t itix. . , . ..

regard to these ourg;art nan compieteiy cnangea this feeling towards Itlm numour said that he was especially ronsed by,: the attack on Mrs. Bell; but any rubbish is goottenow_di for certain of the Walsington .gossips t4elieve or repeat; and if anyone knew the facts, ; think I did. At any rate,' he was iard.efatigable in hunting down these villains and, ti:n.w himself heart and soul both into the work Of et;.exin, us lonely ones and of finding the thieves. He Formed a sort of Vigilance Codunittee, he brought down private detectives from London, he comniunicated with Scotland Yard, and even organised a system of amateur patrols round the neighbourhood. As a result of this, the robberies stopped as suddenly as they had broken out, and Mr. Wrathall's popularity rose in proportion. To me he was kindness itself. Indeed, from his first arrival he had been a frequent visitor at my house, and my two little ones had grown very fond of him. Since my husband's death I had had no kinder and closer friend in Walsington than the curate; and I had often tried to light down the prejudice against him which others had felt in the earlier days of his work.

He had one of the most sympathetic natures I had ever known; and he seemed so strong, self- reliant, and sincere that I could not but like him. He was very handsome, il)o—a fact which made him acceptable to Mrs. Bell. She is a wonian to whom a handsome face is everything. I, who knew him, used to smile when I heard people coupling the names of the two together. As if he could ever be contented with such a mass of surface vanity as she was! His care for me at the time when I was so frightened by the robberies was most marked. He came to see and cheer me constantly, and tried always to laugh away my fears. "There is no need for you to be frightened, dear Mrs. Hammond," lie said, most impressively. "Your house is more guarded than any other in the neighbourhood. I have seen to that," and he gave me a glance that was eloquent of his concern for my safety. "I have many valuables in the house; more than people know," I replied. I did not wish him to think I had less :jewels than other women—Mrs. Bell, for instance—`.‘although I don't want to be always shewing them off. And sometimes I am so afraid that I don't know what to do." I shuddered and looked at him piteously. He reassured me with a smile that lighted his face up and was very pleasant to see, and I said he made me ashamed of my fears, kvhile he told me again that I was in no danger, an that he would never cease to watch over me. When he left me it was with a renewal of this assurance that my house ,4,i of of his Vioilance

let in hnisti,- he said, as tvas going to interrupt him with thanks. "Yell have one difficulty. ' Under no circumstances whatever must anybody in your household be downstairs in the night when that current is switched on. It'll mean death, nothing lees. I shall do this, therefore : put up a strong iron lattice door at the head of the stairs close to your room, and this must be locked every night and the .s.ey k-ipt in your room. Tell the servants it's because ye're frightened, and make them come every morning to your door before they go down- stairs for ye to unfasten it. We shall put the nressary switches at the head of your bed, and all ye'll have to do will be to see every night that al doors downstairs are shut. Then ye can go to your room, lock the staircase, switch on the current and wait—for the thief to come and catch himself." He finished with a sort of hard chuckle. I thanked him and added: "You make me almost I ashamed of my fears, Mr. McGill. You put it in such a way that one is almost inclined to look at it as.a kind of joke." . . . .

"It'll be a-grim sort of jest for the man who takes hold of one of the handles, charged as I shall charge them, I can tell ye. If he's a thlef he'll have no time to laugh at the joke till he's in hell, and then, maybe, he'll just lack the inclina- tion," he added, drily.

, That night Mr. Mc,Gill stayed in the house, and I slept soundly for the first time almost since the reimn of terror had begun. lie was as good as his word. The next day the work began, and by the third all was finished, and I was left alone again. The first night I went round setting those death traps I was afraid of them myself, and I hoped most fervently that no one would ever be led to try them; but I felt safer as I went into my room and switched on the current after I had closed the door of the staircase.

A few days later, however, much of my satisfac- tion disappeared, and the excitement in the district rose to fever heat. No less than four serious burglaries occurred, each marked by the same know- ledge on the part of the thieves. The Manor was entered, despite Mr. Riley's precautions, and a considerable booty was taken. Then the houses of two of the principal shopkeepers were robbed, large sums of money that were to have been banked on the following day being stolen. Lastly, as a climax of the mystery, the Vicarage itself was broken into and the only valuable that the curate possessed—a diarnond ring—was stolen from the very room in which he was sleeping at the time,. a very ugly threatening message being left in its place. The whole district was once more panic-stricken at this stroke. No one now felt safe, and the arrangement of the patrols and the watching were carric4i vivour Wrathall was

===== 0002601_19060106_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
31 YEARS

........ I explained as much of all this as was necessary to Mr. McGill to show him the reason why it would be best to tell the curate what was to be done in the house. But my old friend took it very badly. . .

"Ye mean that ye feel that ye must tell him ?" Ire asked, looking so steadily and searchingly right into my eyes that I was a little uncomfortable. i "He s the head of the committee who have done so much to stop the robberies," I answered, evasively. "Then, maybe, he'll stop this, one for ye. There's no need or room for both stoppages," he replied, drily ; and he rose and held out his hand. "I'll be bidding ye good-day." "Have I vexed you, dear friend ? " I asked, very anxiously, rising also and laying a hand on his arm and looking into his face. His eyes softened under my glance, and he said very warmly as he took my hand and held it: "Cd do anything on earth to heln ye. Mrs. or your own sage as well as poor Ned's ; but this'll do no good without it's a secret known to no other soul but you and myself. And nasy freely tell ye, I see no good in telling a secret to a man who has learnt the trick of gassing in a pulpit." This was not respectful to one who had done so much for us all as the curate ; but I let it pass and answered, earnestly : "I won't breathe a syllable to a soul ts-1 earth if you wish me not to. You know how I do what you wish always. But—don't leave me now." That was enough, and he sat down and resumed his explanation. "I'll do what you want. I'll make the house so that. the thief who breaks into it will break in ta find either instant death or such a shock as will tear hisl manhood out of lii to. And now yell see that as it's electricity I'll be using yell need to be very cautious. I'll just gii out now and wire for some met, to come down." _

I think he wished to be alone for awhile to rtcover self-possession. When he came back I saw he was as cool as ever:

. . "I've been _ thinking it all out," he said. "T shall need to change the fashion of the handles on the doors downstairs, and I'm going to put on those of the foreign lever pattern, made in metal. My plan is then to charge them with a current so power- ful that if anyone lays a hand on them while charged he'll get shock enough to kill him. If a thief gets in—and I'll make that all but impossible anywhere but downstairs—it'll be a thousand to one that he doesn't get out again alive ; while as all extra precaution and to satisfy ye, I'll rig up an alarm-bell on the roof loud enough to wake the dead in the churchyard, which ye can set clanging with uft.such from your o3vn Wait a Ljinat,,

_ - mdetatigaule. tie never seemed• to rest, but l, could not succeed in getting on the track of the: thieves. Now, his constant plea was that we should all send our valuables to the bank for safe keeping, and so leave the thieves as little to take as possible. He came to impress this on me two days after the Vicarage burglary. "It is impossible to watch all places, at once, Mrs. Hammond. We have as good a system of rytowhhaevree tpt the 01 lis na same eas time,possible,ndbutthews'ee inno t rascals b see ee nv some strange means of tindinr, out our plans in advance. I can't understand' it: Have you sent away your jewels ? L hope so." I had not, and -I told hint so, feeling rather guilty, when I noticed how insistent, he was. "Now, do it at once," he answered, urgently. "Take my advice in this. Think what it would be if these villains Caine here, where you are quite alone with your dear children. Think what might happen before any 'help eould possibly reach you. Promise me that you will send it all away to- morrow, and then let everyone know what, you have done. lam so anxious, for you. I should never forgive myself, dear Mrs. Hammond, if anything happened to you. When I saw how earnest, he was I consented, to please him. I "I will pack them all up this evening without fail," I told him ; and he seemed so disturbed by the thought ()fatty danger that I should have given him n hint about Mr. McGill's work just to relieve him, bad we not, been interrupted at that point. 11 is care and ford l hought out zny account were very pleasant to contemplate, but after he had gone I , could not get out of toy head his disquieting words I about the danger to me and my little ones. This , ran in my head all Oaf evening, nod I was glad that I had .promised to send my jewels away and make it widely known that they were no longer in the houie.

soon worKeu my-se:f rmu a stat. en: suen nervous dread that I found myself listening acutely for sounds in the lower part of the house ; and as everyone knows who has ever lived in an old house there are enough sounds to be heard to frighten any listener. I was doing some needlework that night, and I was so irritable and nervous that even the rustling of the stuff I was working worried me. More than once I stopped to listen as some fitful gust of wind 'found its way down the chimney, or rattled a door, or moaned or sighed somewhere in the house.

I could not get the recollection of the curate's words out a my thoughts, and I wished that I had sent my valuables away before. 4‘ Think what might happen before any help could reach you." These words kept recurring to me, and each time With a more vivid suggestion of possible Violence. As I glanced across to where soy darlings .lay asleep, cuddled in one another's arms, I, positively hun- gered for the morning to come. Twice I opened my door in the belief that I could hear someone moving in the house, and only after straining to listen did I convince myself that My fears were groundless. I am such a 'coward that it took much effort before I could shake off the feeling of impending danger sufficiently to put out the light and slip into bed. Even then I could not sleep. A momentary doze only brought me a terrible dream in which my thoughts took a fearsome shape, and 'awoke shiver- ing and more frightened than before. As I. lay thus trenibiing in my fear I-did indeed hear a noise that set ever) nerve in my body tingling with cramping cold. A distinct sound of breakim• glass, which seemed to come from the room und•-rnenth mine—the dining-room. In a mummy I was out of Oed lying at full length listening with my ear pressed close to the floor. Someoot was moving about in the ...own halaw. What should Ido •My heart was beating with great lurching thnnips ' against my ribs, and th: wildest thoughts rushed into my head. The horre... of my dreams combined with my terror at what I heard, seemed to paralyse me completely. I could think of nothing con- nectedly. My one idea was that my children were at the mercy of the villains who had broken into the house.

For the moment I forgot all about the protection that hedged me around; all about the alarm bell that I could set clanging with a touch to rouse the whole countryside. Everything was swallowed up in the thought that my children were in deadly peril. The one recollection that came to me was of violence of the thieves in some of the other robberies.

How long I stayed in this half-torpid condition of abject fright I cannot tell. To me it seemed a lifetime. The agony of a coward's fear is not , measured by minutes and hours. I passed through a storm of wild, unreasoning terror as I lay with my head pressed close to the floor and held my breath in my desperate eagerness to hear the move- ments of the thieves. After the first noise I could hear nothincf. All was once more perfectly silent, and a faint stir of hope moved in me that, after all, I had been mis- taken.

But the next instant dissolved my doubts..

A fearful cry, wild, shrill, and unearthly, rang through the house, and at the same moment the sound of a heavily falling body came up to me from the room below.

The scream set loose my terror-tied wits. I recognised the cause instantly. I rushed to the alarm-bell and set it clanging and clashing and echoing far and wide on the still night air, and at the same moment the two servants knocked loudly st my door, and in voices all discordant with fear cried out to know what had happened. I had scarcely switched off the current and admitted them before the neighbours arrived and bells were ringing and blows on the front door were sounding furiously. Leaving one of the maids with the children I ran down with the other to let in the neighbours. Then in a body we moved into the dining-room where I had heard the noise. As soon as the door was opened, and this was only done with difficulty on account of some obstruction, there was a loud outcry. The body of a man lay on the floor twisted into a horrible contortion as though in the writhing agony of a fearful and violent death. The head was face downwards, and when one of the men turned the head and looked at the features there was another loud cry of astounded surprise. The •burglar was the Rev. Thomas Wrathall himself!

Mr. McGill was hugely delighted at the success of the new burglar trap, and he declared that it would make his fortune. I sent for him, of course, as soon as the truth was known, and be explained to everybody at great length and with proportionate satisfaction all that he had done. More than that, he brought down with him a certain police detective who recognised the curate as one of the most skilful and original thieves of the day. Then things were clear enough. The man had personated a clergyman with a spotless reputation of the name of Wrathall, and. having first burgled Dene Court successfully, had himself organised the means designed for his own detection, and had then used his opportunites to find out where there was anything worth stealing, taking care, of course, that the amateur patrols should be far enonali away from any particular house which he robbed. "That last visit, Mrs. Hammond," said Mr. McGill, "was simply to find out that ye had not yet sent your jewels out of the house, while his urgency that ye should send them away on the following day was just a blind to increase the improbability of his being regarded as the thief. Indeed, if he hadn't been caught as he was I don't see how ye'd ever have found him out at all. Ye've had a very lucky escape," and he accompanied the words with a very significant smile, "and maybe now ye'll see your inability to protect yourself and the bairns, and just give me the right to look after ye all."

I agreed with this very gladly ; but there have been no more burglaries in Walsington. [THE END.]

„,i,,,. . , . et4g • 4 1;.,''t:',41,. ' '.'t S AO . , ~..-,1: 4,,,,-10 - , - . , 4:,, ~, • -1 ,-..A. . .-+.0,,,,,•••• ':. • •••• -...e...i;.- „„ j,-; •,'.. , ic, . ~• • ' . ~), , .. ' 400 and , ,0„,,,,-,... 4k, * , , , ~,,, ......,,,, 4,- , id A - * 'i.: _4l, "I: ~., ...-... ~.,0 r 0... .t.,. • ‘;',l'''' ~. , .4.) 1 /Ng • ...:-.. o'.`, 1 r (4,,, , , : ,--, ..,....„:„,,,,,,, UNG TONIC I.•e, le , ' 5 e rr A te,o, e'f;•,' 4 A.„.1. 1 ~. i'...4.")• li, '5.,,,4 'e '1 ^rif 'l' k'e, ” ; ./ ,1. '545 3? f. 4 et 7,44 ' t..:,,,,cf,"- • r .9',„,,*, ,7., 4!) : . Ac- : „ s, ';,•..:t' 0 L. 6.• ' . • • w:::•0-., ~...kii ..„ 11 . 0". . • ~ -"- i:*.-1):::, ~:,,,,,' , ~ ~. lb r •.• ir • • i.%0) .:-Ar 1, ~.0). V.30'.4,71,,,,a24,4 , . p...,,,,,,,A•12<y.a.,;, •r :p• 1, 'on: e'''.1,,,,, . '4#: ',...• ~q,;l f'''i tir Is'-"" or Coughs - and Colds. %LIP 0. 4 4.4 Y., o"4 (zo, (44 .„ ~,,.. . '''' • ' 1 T BE MISLED /.• ~.k cfr...„)) 5,-V1 IL, te,,,,..* • 1.44•C124.4' r -‘4 -4 „.......„,, . ~,.. . P .., ,•,.„.•. .6 REFUSE IMITATI . - . .... A...y.1A, •;•f1,,,,4„,;', , . ;r "A.,'"'!„." ' ik: Osiriitiss,Lung Tonip,ititV, n •„.--. 11

===== 0002601_19060106_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
iginal

ESTABLISH

ties. tie was a warm-nearten Ulsterman, still un- married, and always ready to please me. He quite agreed that there was a good reason for , my nervousness, and that, there were many grounds why the thieves should pick ont my house for a • . . ; visit. • The first place they had entered was Dene Court, the .A..psltys' place; and, as this had been when a big dinner-party was in progress and a lot :of people were staying in the house, they had carried off several hundred pounds' worth of jewels. The next was Brackenbury Lotlge, Ivhich was , entered at midnight. There they stole a large sum l'of money which had just been paid to old Mr. Calhoun. He had been a money-lender, having on his retirement'Cliristianised his Jewish name COhert to Calhoun; and this was remembered and resented. IBut the fact that so cautious a man could be robbed and that the thieves should pick out the only day on which he had a large stun of money in the house, increased the general fear of them immensely. The Manor was tried next, but the squire—M. Riley, of Manchester, who had bought the place from the Thynnes and loved to think that he had at the same time purchased the title of squire—was one too many for the rnScals. A few day later, however, the excitement rose to a climax when it was known that little 3lrs. Bell's beriutiful jewels had been stolen from Craig Nest and that the widow herself had received an ugly knock on the head trying to defend them. This it was that frightened me into sending for Mr. McGill. When he came in answer to my letter, he listened very intently to all I had to say, asked a few ques- tions, looked carefully round the house, then went all over it, and at the close of his examination was in a state of great but calm satisfaction, when telling me his plan. "The chance is just what I've wanted for a long time, and inside of three days I'll make the place just as impregnable as a fortress in one respect, and quite as safe-holding as a gaol in another. But now, mark," and he spoke very earnestly, "ye'll need to do exactly what I tell ye. Above all, not a word or syllable to any soul on earth." "I shall tell no one," I answered, readily; "except, of course, the curate." He looked across at me and the grey eyes shone from under his rather shaggy brows with a light that reminded inc somewhat of a certain interview we two had once bad—before I was married. He had been a very old friend of mine even before he had become a friend of my husband. "And who may the curate be ? " he asked. The answer involved a rather long explanation. The curate was the Rev. Thomas Wrathall, who had been unexpectedly put in charge of the parish when the vicar had been packed off to the south of France for the winter. He had been a little un- popular at first, being a young stranger put into +l mlta(J a lifeloneAfriend. his condect in

Committee.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
...

===== 0002601_19060106_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
BAPTIST CONGREGATIONAL TEA.

Annual Gathering at Golborne-street

0 m Monday twwa os n nbua ls uccocne:rseiant ieovn trly tdeiar ewe teieotni .naCheloldseonn in connection with Golborne-street Baptist Church attended ad y nide hundred persons sat down to a substantial tea, their wants being ably attended to by the lady the congregation. A meeting Was h ' members of held no 1 n the evening over which the Pastor, the Rev. H. Dunnico, presided, there being a crowded attendance. A number of reports were submitted. "" r. CLAT- WORTHY presented a financial statement which showed that on the year's working there was a deficit of £2O. An encouraging report was presented of the work in the Sunday school, a gratifying increase in the number of scholars and also in the number of teachers being recorded. Mr. PEPPER spoke on behalf of the adult Bible Class, and stated that the class nas never in a more flourishing condition than at the present time. The Rev. H. Mts....two, after expressing his pleasure at seeing so many present, said the financial report just given was on the surface a little discouraging, but it was in reality the best and the most encouraging ever presented to that church. They commenced the year actually with a deficit of £6. During the year they had lost by death and removal alone members who in the aggregate had subscribed not less than £35 or £4O per annum. The church funds had also suffered con- siderably in consequence of the fire. In addition to these losses they had increased their expenditure by at least .Eflo in the form of salaries, and in view of these facts it was really marvellous that they bad finished up in the way they had. The income from all sources would reach a sum not far short of £4llo,whereas the total income in the year 1901 (not including a sale of work and the effort for the 20th century fund) only reached £174. It had come to his knowledge that certain people professing to be pillars, in that church had in- formed outsiders that things it Golborne-street were

It was now midwintor, and as the nights were " going down." The people who had suggested those very dark and long. I had got into a habit of going things had done their utmost to g make them o upstairs very early and passing the night locked in down, bsuetriboeusasestnirded t,tilnlerrlissteinant tilkheat notwithstanding obstacles that my bedroom. I used to have time children brought :". into my room, and I read and chatted to them till had been placed in his way, the Church was never larger in membership and never so pros. they fell asleep, when ik sat working or reading. perons and influential ss at the present time. Since That night most of toy old fears revived. There he had entered that room he had been informed that a were indeed, as the curate had said, many reasons donation of £4 or £5 would be given towards the deficit. why the thieves should pick out my house for a visit. He appealed to all friends to ?ally round him not for I was alone with toy little children and two maids, his (the minister's) sake, but, for the sake of the work. My jewels and plate were more than enough to (Applause). elaruesninder ei)a of evening was given over to music. tempt any thief who might hear of their value. an excellent programme including songs by Messrs. The house stood .alone and sufficiently removed front Bate, Barnes, Hamer, and Mr. and Mrs. Hannon, Messrs. all others to make it possible for its all to be mur- lace, Da Iceman, and Scarisbrick. . tiered in our beds before help could reach us. 'A. Mr. PEPPER carried out the decorations in a very few thoughts Of this kind were sufficient to make , tasteful manner, and the tea tables were presided over time think very slightly of the work which Mr. Iby Mesdames Einnnico, H. Buckby, Pepper, ftickers,Few, McGill had done: I ant indeed a shocking coward, : and Jones.. , -And every uneasy thought generated Itidozen more to, - - - frighten me.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19060106_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
A VICAR RECOMMENDS BILE BEANS.

Sick Headaches and Biliousness Cured.

Striking Cases in His Own Parish.

Writing from St. Cuthbert's Vicarage,lss, City Road, Birmingham, a few days ago, the Rev. H. Minton-SOO- - says "I am constantly seeing so much evidence of the superior merits of Cintil. Forde's Bile Beans as a family medicine, that lam glad to let you know of the fact. Two sick cases in my p-irish to which I gave Bile Beans were soon cured in this way of severe headaches. I have found Bile Bems invalusble for biliousness, and I am never without a box, which I keep for myself and others. "I was myself for several years a great sufferer front sick headaches and biliousness. I remember once being so ill that several people whom I was visiting com- mented upon my poor looks. It so happened that at two houses where I was calling I was told of what good Bile Beans had done, and the cases were very similar to my own. In one case the man had been unable to work for some time owing to this distressing sickness, and although he had tried many ordinary medicines without success, he was ultimately cured by a course of Bile Beans. I began to try a course for myself, and was feeling distinctly better in a short time. After a course of Bile Beans I found myself quite cured. "I think it should be widely known what a superior medicine Bile Beans are. For the many distressing ills common to people in industrial parishes, Bile Beans can scarcely by equalled." This is only one acknowledgment out of many which are reaching us daily of the distinguishing merit of Chas. Fords's Bile Beans, The Vicar of St. Cuthbert's is induced to send this account of Bile Beans' success simply in the hope that the unique merit possessed by Bile Beans may be recognised, not only in his own parish, but universally. Could von ask for evidence from a more reliable quarter ? Can you do better than accept the good Vicar's advice and keep this superior medicine always at hand? But be careful to note that it was the genuine Chas. Fordo's Bile Beans which alone cured the reverend gentleman and his parishioners. It was not a feeble imitation or cheap substitute. Imitations more often do harm than good. With your own money you are surely entitled to the genuine article. (Only prices is. id, per box, or 2s. 9d. for triple size).,

===== 0002601_19060106_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION FIXTURES.

WARRINGTON.

1905. For Agst. Sept. 2 Leigh • home 7 0 9 Oldham home 2 0 , 16 Broughton „ 23 Wigan away 3 11 30 Halifax Oct. 7 Barrow home 13 0 9 Hull Kingston R. „ 14 Rochdale (cup-tie) away 10 0 ~ 16 Bradford „ 21 Oldham away 0 8 „ 28 Leigh (cup-tie) home 2 5 Nov. 4 Runcorn • away 2 5 „ 11 Rochdale „ 25 Swinton away 3 12 Dec. 2 , Widnes „ 9 Runcorn „ 16 Dewsbury away 5 6 „ 23 St.Helens home 16 0 „25 Leigh away 0 7 „26 Salford home 4 5 „ 27 Hunslet . 30 Broughton away 0 7 lbw Jan. 1 Dewsbury „ 6 Leeds home „ 13 Hull .. 20 Swinton , 27 Salford away Feb. 3 Millom . ho tu e „ 10 Miliom . away ~ 17 „ 2-1 Barrow „ 27 Bradford Mar. 3 N.U.Cup‘lst Round „ 10 Wigan „ 17 Leeds away „ 24 Widnes „ 31 Rochdale Hornets._ away Apl. 7 Hull „ 13 Halifax (OF) home „ 14 Hunslet home ,„ 16 St. Helens away

===== 0002601_19060106_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

..._... -- 1905. 'or Agst. Sept. 9 Rochdale Hornets home 14 0 „ 16 Morecambe away 9 3 „ 20 Oldham i. 23 Widnes home 5 0 Oct. :30 Salford. „ 14 Leigh Cap-Tie „ ;It St elens ii 28 Swinton Nov. 4 Warrington.. • home- „ 11 Leigh away 5 8 „ 18 Millom away 22 5 „ 25 Morecambe home 13 3 Dec. 2 Normanton home 19 0 „ 9 Warrington. „ 16 Wigan home 0 la „ 23 Pontefract . 25 St. Helens 606. Jan. 1 Broughton Rangers home „ 6 Pontefract „ 13 „ 20 --

; 27 Normanton Feb. 3 home „ 10 Halifax 17 ~,,-away _ „ 24 I

Aftir. -f-3- Ist Round N.U. Cup „ 10 Swinton „ 17 2nd Round N.U. Cup. „ 24 Rochdale Hornets away „ 31 Widnes away April 7 , „ 14 Halifax home „ 18 Salford away „ 21 Broughton Bangers away

WINTER AILMENTS,

Rheumatism, Sciatica. Neuralgia, are Cured by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

The numerous ills that afflict thousands during vviuter months invariably proceed from an impoverished or stagnant condition of the blood. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills make, pure blood with every dose, so driving impurities out of the system, and restoring health and power to resist chills and their after-effects. Here are thre3 eloquent proofs:— NEURALGI Mrs. Robinson, of Alton, near Hanley, A. Stall's., states: "Five years Sagho my daughter Harriet began to be troubled with acute neuralgia, and had to give up e was terribly weak and depressed. Giddiness frequently seized her. Though languid and spiritless, yet sleep was denied her. she was almost an invalid for five years. But we foundv‘lneDgro.tWilliams'Vbox gavemasn'Pink P PLit rer ePeoplet. When a she e ure. had taken two doses she felt relief. Then them Then her health improved daily. Her colour returned.. and she looked the picture of health, as you see her now." DHEUgATISM. Mr. James Ifowden, of Gateside- terrace, Half Way, Cembuslang, near Glasgow, States: " Some months ago a sharp pain shot through my shoulder and to my wrist. The agony was intense. I became quite unfit to work. A doctor treated me for rheumatism, but medicine seemed of no use. I could not even hold a chisel. r took Dr. Williams' Pink Pills and gradually the pains left me. Soon I was completely cured by the pills, and now I am fit for my trade every day, with never a twinge of rheumatism." SCIATICA. Mrs. Higglesden, of 18, Scarborough_ _ terrace, Biirham, Kent, has endured agony . from sciatica during seven years. She states " The pain was sometimes awful. I felt as though I had hot needles pricking me from my hip down to my foot. All along the sciatica nerve became tender, even when I was not in actual torture. I couldn't get about without a crutch. Sometimes I felt better, but the pain would return suddenly, and then I would cry out in a_goey, for the tortures of sciatica are indescrib- able. My wonderful recovery," continued Mrs. Higglesden, " is due entirely to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They relieved me from the first; I can walk long distances now, and sciatica is a thing of the past." When the blood is poor or vitiated the nerves become. weak, causing Nervousness, Neuralgia, Sciatica. St. Vitus' Dance, and Loss of Vitality. Dr. Williams'', Pink Pills have cured these ailments in both sexes, also. Antemia, Indigestion, Bile, Consumption, Eczema, Paralysis, and Locomotor Ataxy. Sold by all dealers,, or direct for 25. 9d. one box, or 13s. 9d. six boxes, post free, from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., LI olborn-viaduct„ London. •

COMM Encritr, FAn.tritms.—According to Kemp's Mercantile Gazette, the total number of Commercial Failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, tDecember 29th WaS 73, viz. :—New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the. London Gazette, 28 ; Deeds of Arrangement registered, 45. Phe respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were : Bankruptcies, 41 ; Deeds of Amtngeruent, 49—Total 90; being a decrease of 17. The total num- ber of Commercial Palures recorded dur'ng the 52, weeks of Vie present year was 8,943 ; the total number recorded in the corresponding 52 weeks of last year was 8,876, showing an increase of 67.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
M.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT

A New Year Superstition.—As a rule women play the principal part in ghost stories, family legends, and superstitions, but an exception is afforded by the old superstition, that it is lucky to encounter a dark man the first thing in the New Year, end unlucky to meet a fair man. This appears at first to be contrary to the general imagination, which rather pictures a fair man, and not a dark one, in thinking of anyone of benign nature and countenance. The drama for instance, in- variably presents the villian of the piece as a dark visaged person. Why it should be considered unlucky to meet a fair man is therefore not very clear, but the superstition, like so many others of its kind, is supposed tohave' originated from the sctiptnres. The belief that 3ndas Iscariot was red-haired, no doubt , gave rise to this curious New Year tradition, Art the same as the ill luck of thirteen at table, may be traced to the fact of that being the number who partook of the Last Sunper. A Spanish Royal Marriage.—The Ring of Spain is understood to be fell of plans and preparations for his Own wedding, and that event • somewhat overshows the forthcoming marriage of his only, surviving sister, the Infanta Maria Teresa,who is to marry her cousin Prince Perdinard of Bavaria. The Ring's elder sister, the late Princess of the Asturias, died some fifteen months ago, • and it is her little son and daughter, who, for the time being, stand next in order to Ring Alfonso in succes- sion to the throne. The marriage of the late Princess of the Afstnriaa with Do a Carlos of Bourbon, was the subject of a fierce political agitation, in Spain, but the fortheotning wedding of the Ring's other sister is ! more favourably regarded by the Spanish people. The." Pala c,e of the Peak."—Chatsworth House, where the King and Queen have been staying as the guests of t ; the lxirst ?)tftee and Duchess of Devonshire, was built by the ! and ado; , who was created in 1694, and it WAS extended ! „ddied by 1858. Of the Y the sixth Deka who succeeded in 1811, Years Mary gee en of • old house, where for several .ne ston re. o Scots was confined by Elizabeth, uting standing, and even the landscape has been altered in the laying out of the grounds, of the iore modern mansion. The gardens are remarkable for ;n e famous conservatory, which covers nearly an acre o ground, and also for the Emneror fountain, which throe's a column over 250 feet high. Their Mnjesties' viaits to Chntsxvorth have become almost an annual fixture, and there are no country house visits which the King and Queen more thoroughly enjoy, partly oe account of the immunity from the mobbing of excur- sionists' mad local residents, which is assured to them ! there. The Duke's influence extends for many miles , nrouncl, and the villagers respect his known desire that they shonld obtrude as little as possible upon the Privacy of the Royal pertv. The Duke of Rutland's Home.—Belvoir Cantle, where ! the Dnke of Rutland has been staying surrounded by nin children and grandchildren, has been gay with New Year festivities, including a ball given be the Duke this week, to celebrate the coming out of his grand-1 daughter, Lady Violet Manners. She is the second daughter of Lord end Lady Granby, who has been sPending Christmas at Belvoir. The Castle which is situated in the country known as the "Dukeriee." came to its present owner—the venerable Duke of Rutland— , p)•un his ancestress Eleanor, sister and co-heiress of ! (tenni Lord Ros, and its history is long and interest- ! IV. At the time of the Conquest, a. castle stood on I he: saran site. Rid from flat date Belvoir has always a• -n ano and princely residence. In 1816, a ...rastrons fire destroved many of the most valuable , I:,,oester cterea, and ranch of the furniture, but the building Vi restored and Belvoir visited in 1846 by Queen preeeol:t and Prince Consort, when the ceremony of A h,e key of the stronghold was observed. fashion colon `-'r'llimn for Men.—One notices that a men's we are t I" d ereepine into some of the papers, and th elothin h at " for some time past, gentlemen's character as a^d e. " boon assuming a. more obstrusive colors sstbly this refers to a louder style in striki„ ", Patterns. but we are not likely to see any which"g "(Torture from the regulation three garments an are the distinguishing feature of men's attire. n't, .ttempte to introdnen a more picturesque style of .„Leetne dress for men, have all been dismal failures. "-`lollSends may not pay for ell the millionairess wears When she goes to the opera, but if the millionaire stands up in more than twenty-flve pounds worth, he is Voted had form. Some cynics have said that when the husband has paid for his wife's clothing, he lass no money left for finery for himself, and that that is why he has to becentent with severe Simplicity of dress The fact is, he would not tske the trouble to be other- wise, even if his wife paid tbe bills, out of her own money. He wears two or three steriotyped kinds of bats, 'because he would not spend half a day in choosing One of fancv colors and design, and, though the fashion column man hints at revolt, he is probably more to be envied than pitied. More Robust than Graceful.-13rieht colours and orightly-faced fabrics are the order of the day, and the abundant woman " will experience difficulty in '—essiee to the best advantage. Eor the " robuvt " totirdivido4 must steadily avoid say material possessed s..FleasY surface' she should also pass by all rough- .lenwlegTrwteriils, while patterned goods are impassible. ilappTE;,„rP9 lull Silks, and nun's veiling are among the _erhge.trid to style, e • e— geteotions for the " too abundant," and with every detail that adds to the height •enceu seized upon. It is marvellous what a differ- lon woman the a" snob consideration makes to the appearance of who has put on too much flesh and is no Zer grneef ul Abet t .attoo ssatpins.—Hatpins are receiving a great deal of how tton and knobs+ are particularly modish. The idea .entievier that any 'kind of knob will do is exploded the rie,:,:;• Almoet as much care is novr expended upon as upon the veiling, and some "smart" Teen ha • theso ‘e an extensive and valuable collection of nnPortatit ."f At the moment the knobs all the tt accessories. larze weet hatpins are enornmous, some being as bei '" golf balls, tortoiseshell, crystal, or tinted quartz lv employed for them. SPgr•great ing lii.sadgetr.—Unless for immediate wear, Mery at the January sales,is rarely economi-

" Scrumptious " Buns are made with Brown & Poison's

raising powder

'Paisley Flour (Trade Mark) --and very easily made, too. Why not buy a 7d. or 3d. packet, and try "London Buns" or "Jam Sandwich" for to-morrow's tea?

LI. We are very previous ; when February arrives. spring headgear is the order of the day, and we are ashamed to take our walks aboard beneath felt and beaver. The new straws for early spring wear, will be shewn as soon as the sales are over, and those among us who can afford few changes, will do well to push along with our winter stock *ring the present month, and not be tempted to buy up cheap hats or toques that must so soon be laid aside. The new models are medium in size, and somewhat less exaggerated in "tilt," early spring flowers, and roses—in very natural tints—being the favourite form of trimmings. Handkerchiefs.—The craze for tiny handkerchiefs continues, and leading shops have found the task of disposing of their stock of medium-sized varieties a difficult one. At the sales these larger handkerchiefs are being offered at a very tempting price; and the industrious home worker will find it advantageous to secure some, reduce them in size, and border them with lace. A very fashionable edging is the American work, which wears splendidly, and is moreover particularly pretty and dainty in appearance.

MADGE.

, .. ~ ..,.,.. . -•-. -•• •. - -•-• ' ,-"'; -;:•'".- ''''..',..".- . • "..-!'" ' .;,:".fX&r,"-Ak. • - , • . .., . ~. .. . 4 '..,•,-;- . .'. ; . -- .. ... - ~ ' • .- , .• * • .-.. . . .: i• . . 4, . / .../ ~/ /Y • . ----,:".------"____. ,17,3 , . Pe -'--Cl-,-I)\\ ;-1-------,>;i':•.*--i,\,'l 1 --:----.----',// . . ; .. j 4/(1(///1,•',x,fcrAl.,ts.- -;,..- .1101‘.,;r\ ----7:- -/,, , ...: ./..„ .., .. . d ii,/,, j -....-.--7-,,,,,111, 7,45': ''',-...- ....- :---_::::::,.,..k5„ ''\\•.4t, ,•'''' ' ..., , , // (hi 1 ,14 'l, ' -.,•kb,`,' • .;,.----; .-_----:=-I:—.-=--,,,:44-.'f-.N3,4,-;....irA‘lk ~ . , .: //e /oip' -, \ '4r‘ 1..t6 s., -----tkr,""ti''`r. 44/ .'• /7 , / k' , ---, ~V,- /7 ;\. g '. ,i i -'. ..,1,•-•,, • ~—, ....,,,,,4,,ih.,4.4„ ~,,,.-i-r..,40 ~,,, i ~'w / / • ' )o\, 1:'• . ..-! ~ •,,... , •-N .N. .Vianx-i,(M;?,,,wrj..., .0.,,,, ~,, '-' .54; \sP„, ..`;,-; ' . if $ 4..‘ . 1)... 't ' A ;'''' . tl.; '\ ± ik :\ .2 7. li. • ,)''' ...; 'il T f•R /1 if' ', LI ''''.lW.' • ' *'' ./ •:_, (64Zt \f Pi . .• (A 7 /;, .;+,-,A-:_. ~ ••-•••,..,_,•_:„..,,,,„ • ~ , ~.. • ://, ~,,,,„ ~ 7 Ns. yo ( , „, , ./ . ''''' ': I''.` - -- --:- /, • 1, //I/ Y, ..,...44 ,c. - ''f —,c '''lV,,"' - ''//,' "r: • '''./ / /.: , ./Olilifi''..--- -'0 f•/ '1 / , —;, .., .• / . , 'la 0, . i ~.... , , .- .......--- •-,.. : _....,- ~..i „,--.-i, -0-_/ ./ , ,/,„ pf, ~ . .-.:,...",, -,.•p-•--," f, i Jill -. ~...,,, .c..."--- ~,•_,',.-,.., 6.„*V.;-,-,.. . - ; ... :-,,,• ,0,.; . ~. .-,._- ..,..,-...-------• .'-r,"' '" —_,(r."..._ --aro,. ' ---- -- --'''' --,---,-- • . --1 OF''''' , , '," _., `. - , .-----.-----------.•7-----.7:`,..,---2::-=,--- _....,'- ',,:'-'; ~•••••. .7:, , -_-:----------- :.: Q2eTtlLlng.a. . .. ~.•:,,t.-,- . • .. .. _ -- ' , • .. cuctd .5 outh,db,tl,tleoz..C.,,t.faimiowenep.f:o.cletnhiaseifnitiiffee.: ,t.,: _ tiow'(°;. ~., cocot, 5 • t f ' - ... i' ' `e - C•rtheSt-wins rue ame....4,-,_. , ..-,; \11:011°u* ,00e5•- _,, -- - ---_, ---.--'-- --- eti

OM

N.L 4 ' - \4 X'

1

===== 0002601_19060106_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19060106_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLAMMATION OF THE KIDNEYS, DkOPSY AND WEAK HEART.

CURED BY VENTS SEAWEED TONIC AFTER DOCTORS GAVE CASE UP.

Mr. H. McDOWE U., N.B. Guard, 130 Barrack Street. Dennistoun, Glasgow, writes :—" Thanks to VEND'S SEAWEED TONIC, which has, I believe, saved my life. It is now over four months since it cured me of Inflamma- tion of the Kidneys and Dropsy ; when I commenced taking it I was lying in bed helpless ; doctors had gi rem me up, they told my wife they could do no more. :qv first letter to you was strictly correct ; my case will stand the strictest investigation. Your SEAWEED TONIC cannot be too widely known, it is si.nply a miraculous medicine hundreds of people flock to see me, and all along the North British system, people come and ask me about my recovery, and about your medicines. I have been the means of a great deal of your SEAWEED TONIC being sold in Glasgow and other places." VEND'S SEAWEED TONIC for purity and all-round potency has not its equal anywhere for kidney troubles, and for stomach, liver and blood diseases; it strengthens, regulates and restores the body to a healthy and vigor- ous state. Especially good for chronic constipation, indigestion, and all kidney and heart affections. Price is. 1.1,d. and 2s. 9d., at Chemists everywhere.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

AGED PEOPLE'S TREAT.—On Monday 96 of Stockton Heath's aged poor were entorteined to tea by Mr. Veto B. Davies and Mr. L. G. Davies, the proceedings being under the superintendence of Mrs. Pigot and the district visitors and other ladies. The tea was followed by an excellent entertainment,the arrangements for which had been made by Mr. F. Rose, who also acted as accompanist on the piano. The members of St. Thomas's Church choir, gave carols, Mr, Arthur Down, gave with skill a couple of ocarina solos, Miss L. Bradshaw sang in a vary pleasing and artistic manner, while lantern views (explained by Mr. Rose) were shown by Mr. John Hallows. The humorous element was sustained by Mr. Alfred Grounds and, as usual caused considerable amusement.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO THE REV. H. V. PIGOT.

• The Rev. H. V. Pigot, for six years vicar of St. Thomas' Church, Stockton Heath, was on Monday pre- sented with a purse of gold (containing RN), a reading lamp, and an illuminated address, on the occasion of his leaving for Grappenhall where he succeeds the late Rev. Richard Greenell as Rector. The presentation was made during an interval in the proceedings at the old peoples' treat which was held in the Church Institute. . _

, In making the presentation Mr. Henry Greenall (the vicar's warden) said that as parishioners of Stock- ton Heath they had been most fortunate) in having had such an excellent Vicar, as Mr. Pigot and at the same time he could not help saying that they had been equally fortunate in the late Vicar having such a worthy consort to do such good work in the parish—(her, hear),—and when they said, The ' to them they did so with much regret. he address as follows :—" To the R lirynVrnon pianritshheiodnioercsesoe Pigot, M.A., greeting. We, the undersignede fofB Chester,t Thomas'she reb'yhutieirsc!oi,f ;Shoteonc*'ykhotaouintrf oHeath,fte appointment as the Rector of Grappnnha esteem and affection with which you are regardedra throughout •the parish, end to the gratitude and respect which has been created by the admirable and conscienti- ous manner in which the important and responsible duties of Vicar have.baan carried out by you during your incura- bency. On leaving the parish we request you to accept., the testimonials which accompany this address, as a small mark of the appreciation so widely and generally felt of the beauty and rectitude of your life and work 1 in Stockton Heath, and as a token of the hope and ex- ' pectation that your futnre home and work may be attended with uninterrupted happiness and unbroken , success.—Signed on behalf of the churchwardens. sides- men and parishioners, Henry Greene!! and William Richardson (churchwardens) Ist. January, 1906." Mr. Greenall then admist applause presented the purse and address to Mr. Pigot and the lamp to Mr. and Mrs. Pigot, amid applause. In returning thanks the Rev. H. V. Pigot said he had been very deeply touched by the kind expression of feeling on the part of the late parishioners which bad been conveyed to him by Mr. Greenall. The six and a half years during which he had worked in the parish had passed very happily indeed. No incumbent could have had happier relations with his parishioners than he had had, and he felt grateful to all of them for having so Patiently borne with his many shortcomings. Speeches were also delivered by Mr. William Richardson and Mr. A. Down, while a letter from Mr. Vere B. Davies was end.

Corporation. Improvements. The Warrington Corporation have made an applica- tion to the Local Government Board for a Provisional Order to authorize the Corporation to put in force the powers of the Land Clauses Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agree- ment with reference to the following property, vv.: Land and piemises on the North side of Bylands- street, in the respective occupations of John Oriffiths and Co. and Agnes Williams, and sheds in the rear thereof ; land; stores, stable, yard, and premises adjoining the last mentioned premises and a plot of land on the North side of Manchester-road running in an easterly direction from Number 324, Manchester- road, for a distance of 70 yards or thereabouts. A reply has been received to the effect that the applica- tion has been aceeded to, but the date of the inquiry will not he fixed for two or three weeks.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060106_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner,

WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS - I? A (A I ITO N -HOM E.

THE GE37IAN CROWN PRINCESS.

The Germans are a slow, shrewd, and critical people. To win their good graces is a matter of difficulty. That their Crown Princess, in the space of the few short months which have elapsed since her .marriage should have succeeded in do- ing so, speaks volumes for her, writes Lady Mary in the Woman at Home. Previous to her marriage the Duchess Cecilie of Mecklenburg had lived in retirement, and had ,seldom been permitted to take part in any Court functions. It wns at her brother's marriage with our own Queen's niece, Princess_ Alexandra of Cumber:

land, that thc Crown Princ first met and fell in love with her. Prettier, far, than she is shown in a photograph, the Princess has thick chestnut hair, and a pale face lit with dark ,in- telligent eyes. Her vivacity is remarkable, and it is this girlish animation of hers which has won the hearts of the people. Devoted to - out- door games, the Princess is first rate at tennis; drives and rides . well; and can sail her own yacht. She speaks English nicely and has many English- friends. Those who saw the young bride's entry into Berlin describe it as the nrettiest of all royal 16tes. The happy girl, her head wreathed with roses, and wearing a rose- embroidered - frock, drove through rose arched and garlanded streets; rose-wreaths were flung at her; the air was full of the scent of the flowev. It waos a case of roses, roses, all the way.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
DELAINE BtoriE.

Our sketch is taken from a delaine blouse hav- ing a pale-blue ground and deep cherry-red touches in the pattern. It is made with a yoke, on to which the " skirts " are gathered with several rows of gathering threads. A V-shape is cut away in the yoke, to shew a front of tuoked blue silk, which peeps out also between the

vandykes down the front. A binding of the same blue silk, bearing tiny black buttons, edges the front, and is again used on the long cuffs of the sleeves. Most morning blouses are now finished with a linen collar of some description, fastened with a tiny knot or bow in front.

7:41,111..8..,. / " • : ~ ,j /'' ~' - • .:.?, e\ \ i p( ,:-/- ' 6vi, ' A it- I ipld A\A - :' -- 'II:. 1 /;./. 4.... ,/1 • ~,\ ~, \ \ ... , . f dllllll .1:111, ' 1 II . .11 111 IL t -

===== 0002601_19060106_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Foil MOTORING.

Motor wraps for the winter seem to occupy the minds of modern womanhood, says M.A.P. Smart Society has of late taken kindly to petrol landaulettes for use in London as well as in the country; and, when driving in these, one 'mist be well wrapped in warm but not necessarily heavy clothing. Some women use their long sealskins, while others prefer nmsquash, a fur of much the same colour and texture, but of far more enduring qualities. Others, again, choose coats made of good cloth lined with fur, and having collars and cuffs Of some better and darker fur. For example, a useful coat might be built of brown cloth, lined with squirrel, and the cuffs and collar of mink or Canadian sable, as even a rich woman would avoid using priceless sable on a coat internied for motoring. And another good garment could be formed out of dark grey cloth, lined with moleskin, and having cuffs and collar Of skunk fur. These coats should be made double-breasted, with some deep pockets, and large, loose sleeves that will slip on easily over the much-trimmed bodice of a winter costume. This get-up should be completed by a fur clip to match, a veil, good gloves and a pair of high, well-made velvet boots.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARMING HOUSE FROCK.

A charmingly simple house frock is illustrated in our sketch. The material of which it is fashioned is dark-green cashmerb, in one of the lovely new weaves which are so supple and drape so admirably. A suggestion of the fashionable Princess robe is conveyed by ,the long panel from bust to hem in front. But though the gown ap- pears to be made in one, it is, in reality, a bodice and skirt. The panel on the skirt is cut with the extra bodice piece in one, and when the skirt is put on it is simply hooked into place on

the bodice. Above this panel appears a dainty vest of lace, from which is turned back a double sailor collar of cashmere and guipure. The bodice is slightly pleated, arid the suggestion of pleating is further carried out in the skirt. A breast knot and folded belt of green panne add richness to the costume; but the oily other trimming con- sists of a little machine-stitching and some green panne buttons on the panel and leg-of-mutton sleeves.

I" jo;,d,,i„,i 47.-,..w., I :,... :.;:. . ff:,,..!..7.,411-1'6., \ ' 'te4W.; , , •.--. ,-- j..,v, ..,i, . , /:: . , ' ~.;‹,,, / • \ V A.,,,.. : '4,i,.• • .fr , , ( ..t.m...

===== 0002601_19060106_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHAUFFEUSE.

A Miss Jane Larkins has qualified herself for the lucrative profession of instructress to ladies who wish to learn how to manage and drive their own motor-cars Miss Larkins, who went through a course of practical study at a London motor company's works, is the best motor-woman in Great Britain, and may be remembered as the clever lady who steered a motor-boat so .suc- cessfully in the trials in Southampton Water last. year. TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

CONSOMME OF PHEASANT.—Rentove .the hest parts of the meat from a cold cooked pheasant-- about of meat will suffice—and put on all the bones and trimmings • (after crushing the former) to boil in about a quart of good stock. adding a leek, an onion, a few sticks of celery. finely minced, some scraps of lean ham or bacon, and A bunch of sweet herbs, after it has come to the boil. Skim the liquid well, and let it simmer vently at the 'side of the fire for about two hours, then strain it through a cloth and re- move the fat. In the meanwhile, mince the meat of the pheasant finely. put it in a mortar, moisten it with a little stock, add the yolks of four eggs, and rub it through a fine hair-sieve, adding a little seasoning to taste. Poach this mixture in a tin lined with buttered natter. and when it is ttri:u put it on one slue to get con", then turn it out and cut' it into small square; like custard: put these into a hot soup tureen and pour the soup on to them, after clarifying it in the usual manner if necessary.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Saturday, January

===== 0002601_19060106_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Proteid than other oats. PACKETS, Sd.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

DUS3SY'S PORTABLE :131 LLlARDS.—Scientifically con- structed, perfectlY accurate. excellent workmanship, superior finish. sft., £4 10s. ; 61t., 25 155.. ; Ttt.. £7 59. Obtain from local akent the 6 pbcial Catalozue of G€ 3. Cl. HUSSEY It Co., Billiard Manufacturers. London.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION LEAGUE.

RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S MATCHES.

G. T. P. G. T. P. Leeds 1 2 8 Oldham 1 0 2 Hunslet 5 3 19 York 0 0 0 Salford Wakefield Trinity 2 0 4 Norruanton Leigh 2 2 10 Hull Kingston R 0 1 3 Batley Keighley Huddersfield 1 '2 8 Dewsbury 0 0 0 Rochdale Hornets 0 1 3 Widnes 0 1 3 St. Helens Brought'n Range's 2 1 7 Warrington 0 0 0 Pontefract Wien Swinton Broughton Rangers v. Warrington.

Warrington and Broughton Rangers met in the return match at Broughton on Saturday. Unfortunately for the visitors, Isherwood was compelled to stand down at the last minute, Brookes filling the vacancy. The weather was fine but cold, and a crowd of about 5,000 assembled. Teams : _ _

_ Broughton Rangers—Poole, back; [Hogg, NV. James, C. James, and Harris, threP-quarter backs ; S. James and Horton, half ineks ; Trotter. Smith, Beethsca Whitehead, Ruddick, Fitzsimmons, Winskill and Preston, forwards. Warrington—Knight, back; Fish, Brooks, Kenyon, and Widdeson, three-quarter backs ; Hockenhall and Lloyd, half backs; Boardman, Preston, Shugars, Thomas, Jolley, Swift, Banner, and Heath, forwards. Referee, Mr. J. Oakland, Wakefield. Preston started for Warrington, but the home team were the first to attack, and Harris was almost over, Knight pushine him into touch a few yards from the line, Eventually from a scrummage in the Warrington "25 " Sam James got possession, and scored a soft try underthe posts, the Warrington men being under the impression that the whistle had been blown. From an dray position Harris landed a goal. The visitors made one or two efforts to get through, but Poole was very safe. Fish once got away but lacked speed to complete the effort. At the interval the Bangers led by 5 points to nil. . _

On resuming, Warrington showed up better, and Lloyd had a rare chance of reducing Broughton's lead, but he was tackled a few yards from the line. Sam James by brilliant work, was the'rneans of placing the visitors on the defence,and Knight had:all his work cut out to save. Another strong attacking movement was spoiled by Hockenhell, who secured from a scrum near the line and passed widly out of reach of his centres. In the closing stages of the game Broughton pressed strongly, and from a scrummage on the line the ball was punted out by Fish. Poole fielded the ball, and taking true aim dropped a splendid goal. Result :—Broughton Rangers 2 goals, I try (7 points), Warrington nil.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDAY'S MATCHES.

G. T. P Oldham 2 4 16 mull Warrington Swinton Barrow Leigh 0 3 9 Salford _ _

Halifax

England 0 1 3 Other National. 0 1 3

Warrington v. 'Dewsbury. . Warrington placed a weak team in the field to Dews bury on Monday but that team proved sufficiently strong to avenge their recent defeat on Yorkshire soil. Preston started and 'Warrington at once assumed the aggressive. Passing amongst the backs saw the ball carried to Widdeson who kicked to Preston for that player to score near the corner flag. The kick at goal f-lied. A few minutes later Kenyon improved Warrington's posi- tion, scoring under the posts. The ball was kicked over the line from some loose play and Whitehead and Kenyon started to race for it,the Dewsbury man having I several yards start. Kenyon showed a surprising turn of speed and won the race by a foot. Preston added the goal. Dewsbury went away with a rush and carried play to Warrington 25. Here the ball was sent wide to Harris who broke away finely and raced off closely attended by Short. Half the length of the field had been travelled when Harris was faced by the Dewsbury full back. fie passed to Short but that player in his eagerness knocked on and a certain I try was lost. Dewsbury were kept penned in their own quarters and half-time arrived with Warrington leading by eight points to nil. Re-starting Dewsbury bad a turn at attacking but were forced back. A scrimmage was formed half way from which the ball was carried Ito Harris who kicked down the field. George White- head misjudged the kick, the ball hitting him on the bead, and Harmer following up smartly snapped up the chance and scored under the posts. Preston ' added the goal. Warrington were soon again on the attack but were repulsed. Obtaining the hall on the Dewsbury 25. Ilarris at onae made for the Dewsbury line. He neatly tricked Robinson by kicking the ball over his head, and repeat- ing the performance with the full back ended a magni- ficent effort by scoring at the corner. The kick at goal went wide. Warrington relaxed their efforts and Dewsbury had a turn at attacking led by Robinson who spoiled a brilliant effort by kicking into touch when near the Warrirv•ton fine. From the scrimmage the ball went to W.*Wbitehead who dashed over the lino only to he pnshedjinto touch. No further score was recorded and Warriugton won by two goals, four tries to nil.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
LIINCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WARRINGTON " A" v. lirtouGitToN " A."—Played at Warrington on Saturday. The Mangers kicked off, and the first Rena of note was a passing bout by the home backs, which ended in Berry throwing forward to Marsham near the line. The Rangers attacked, and a passing bout almost ended in Dunn scoring. Hallam tackling near the line. Berry brought relief with a huge kick. Broughton were penalized, and Berry, from near the half-way line, landed a splendid goal. A free kick to the visitors gave them a footing in the Warring- ton quarters. Half-time : Warrington "A " two points ; Broughton Rangers" A " nil. In the second half the game was evenly contested, both sides attack- ing. From some loose play in the home half Woodward dropped it goal. Warrington pressed, but failed at the finishing essay, and the match resulted in a draw the score being one goal each.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY UNION.

STOCKTON HEAT V. HEATON MOM—Played at Heaton Chapel on Saturday. From the start Stockton Heath at oncenssumed the aggressive, and a passing movement ended in Bouchier being tackled near the line. A few minutes later Melbourne secured from a scrimmage under the posts, and transferred to Bouchier, who scored. The goal kick- failed. The "Heathens " did not long hold the advantage, as one of the Heaton halves intercepted a pass in the visitors' quarters, and scored'under the posts. Heaton kept up theattack when Owen, after a brilliant run passed to Bouchier, who kicked across the field to Davenport. That player beat his man and passed to Ferguson, who scored under the posts. Half-time arrived with the visitors leading by 6 points to 3. Langley made a strong effort to get

===== 0002601_19060106_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADE It•RK, The NEW TOILET SONS'S of

The British Empire Soap Company, Limited,

are now on sale, and the following Prizes are offered to purchasers of 6el. Tablets, viz.:— First Prize. £lOO in Cash. Ten Prizes of RIO in Cash. Twenty Prizes of £5 in Cash. Fifty Prizes of in Cash. One Hundred Prizes of fi 1 in Cash.

If you are unable to obtain our Toilet Soaps. either from your Chemist or Grocer, please write direct to the Con:pany, 16, 38, fiz 40, Broad Street House, New Broad Street,Londoit. enclosing Stamps for as many Tablets as are required. when they will be forwarded post free. Agents Wanted.

E IVilp ikejto <v ipf. ,I .4 I ----- , i,, • , -SA-1 . 4.e.-,i ' e, *IIII&A-44:'4. e- ' Nuir,', --.--1- , Av REGISTERED

===== 0002601_19060106_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
6, 1906.

over, only being pulled do am a fev yards from the line. Stockton Heath were attacking when one of the Heaton backs broke away and scored near the posts. Stockton Heath rallied and for the remainder of the game had matters in their own hands. Davenport ended a splendid effort by scoring and Owen added another three points by smartly following up a kick. Langley was the next to score dashing over under the posts for Jones to add the goal and Stockton [loath won by 1 goal, 4 tries (17 I points) to 2 tries (G p)ints).

Hastings commenced very well and improved as she wont on until the audience felt real inspiration. She seemed to enter into the true spirit of the song and gave it beautifully. Although her voice was not the hest of the three competitors. she• was certainly the best interpreter. Tne adjudicators considered that Miss Matkins, Earlestown, possessed the hest voice but the one great bletuish of her ;performance was the articulation.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EISTEDDFOD.

Great Success of Monday's Festival.

The promoters of Warrington's fourth annual Eisteddfod, which to AK place in the Parr Hall on New Year's Day, have every reason to congratulate them- selves on the success of the festival. It speaks ' volumes for local musical enterprise that the public has been educated to a higher appreciation of the value of the eisteddfod. The attendance on Monday was considerably larger than at any previous festival, and the greatest interest was manifested in the com- petitions. This is certainly encouraging, and should stimulate those who have the worthy protect in hand to even greater efforts in the future. In the number of entries the eisteddfod showed a distinct advance, and some good contests resulted. The one great disappointment of the day was that the majority of the male voice choirs which had entered for the chief choral competition failed to put in an appearance. There was, however, some compensation in the fact that the Warrington choir attained a highly creditable victory on which they were cordially congratulated. A new feature which proved popular last year—the brass band contest— was retained and again constituted one of the greatest attractions. Although to the general public it was perhaps monotonous to hear the same piece repeated lby four bands, the contest was followed with the keenest interest by bandsmen and other enthusiasts and the success of Crosfield's band was agreed to ba . fully merited. If any fault could be found with the programme, it was that the great variety of items pleasing as they all were—prolonged the afternoon proceedings very considerably beyond the anticipated time. When the evening meeting should have been commencing—at 6.30 the band competition had not concluded, and it was after seven o'clock when the programme was entered upon. Cansidering the exceptionally large number of entries, howe‘ter, the eisteddfod was very expeditiously conducted and was thoroughly enjoyed by all. Locol vocalists were well to the fore and obtained several prizes, much to the satisfaction of the audiences. The musical adjudicators were Mr. Etnlyn Davies, A.R.C.A., who is well-known to Warringtotnans as a vocalist of great ability, and Mr. J. Whewall, the famous choir conductor. Their task was a heavy one, for from 11 a.m. to 10.30 p.m. they were engaged, almost continuously, in deciding upon the merits of the competitors in the various sections. Mr. James Brier acted as adjudicator in the band contest. As usual the meetings were conducted by the Rev. W. Wynn Davies, who by his geniality and tact succeeded in keeping the audiences in very good humour. Mr. Ernest Wilkes, A.L.C.M., was an efficient accompanist. The success of the eisteddfod was largely due to the admirable arrangements made by the committee, consisting of the following : —Mr. Nathan Cook (chairman), Messrs. G. Ande non, W. Critchley, A. Greenough P. J. George, A. Molyneux, C. Nurse, W. Woodcock, George Morrall (hon. treasurer), R. W. Cask (hon. secretary). Special praise must be accorded to Mr. R. W. Cook for his willing and valuable services as hon. secretary.

AFTERNOON MEETING. PIANOFORTE SOLO COMPETITION.

The esisteddfod opened with this competition, con- fined to children not exceeding twelve years of age. ! The test piece was" Scherzo in B flat " (Schubert) and the competitors selected to appear before the audience were :—Arthur Greenough, S. Reynolds, and Miss Gardner, all of Warrington. The prize was awarded to Arthir Greenough, Willis-street, War- rington, whom the adjudicators stated had a very nice touch indeed. He made one or two slight mistakes but kept better time, showed a better concep- tion of the piece, and brought out the expression more ' effectively than the other competitors.

- - WORKS GLEE COMPETITION. This competition is deserving of special commendation as it undoubtedly tends to encourage music amongst the employs of the local works. Four choirs entered, I the test piece being the well known " Comrades' song of hope" (Adam). The award (£3 and gold centre medal) was won for the third year in succession by Fletcher, Russell and Company's party uuder the con- ductorship of Hr. W. Woodcock. The adjudicators said the successful choir commenced the piece beauti- fully, showing good tone and quality of voices which blended better than in the other choirs. The expres- sion was good and the singers had a better conception of the piece. At one time the intonation was not quite clear, but altogether the performance was very much in advance of the others. The marks were allocated as follows :—Fletcher, ltuesell ad Co., 54 out of possible GO; Co-operative Employees (conductor, Hr. A. E. 'Crow), 52; St. Helens Cable Co. (Hr. P. J: George), 51; D. Johnson's employees, 51. GIRL'S CHALLENGE SOLO. This was a very interesting competition, the girls who appeared in the anal test being Eva Dunbavitelialton Hay •Isherwood Stockton Heath, and Violet Brown, Warrington. In his adjudication, Mr. Whewall highly i commended the singing of Eva Dunbevin, who gained i the first prize. She gave" The Children's Home.' and I Mr. Whewall said he had heard adult singers who did not lame half the feeling into their interpretations of the song that this compet:tor had introduced. She had ! a sympathetic voice of full tone, and her expression was beautiful. Nothing seemed to be wanting except a few more years training, and he thought the girl had a future before her. 'Alley Isherwood was a very artistic singer, with a sweet and sputpathetie voice. Her con- ception of the song" Angels ever bright and fair " was extremely good for one so young. Violet Brown, sang "A May day morning.' The adjudicator said there was a slight drop in the pitch at the end of certain phrases, and she was slightly out of tune at the close of the song: Her words were very good, but not quite so clearly enunciated as in the case of the other competitors. In announcing his decision Hr. Whewall by mistake awarded the prize (ss.and a medal) to May Isherwood. On discovering the error later, he handed the winner ss. from his own pocket and the committee provided another medal.

BASS OR BARITONE SOLO. The test piece for this contest WI'S "Anchored " (Watson) which the adjudicators considered was a very simple soon for such a oompetition. The vocalists flPPearing in the final were Mr. Charles Itigby,St. Helens ' Mr. J. Weedall,St. Helens and Mr. E. Pearse,Warrington The prize was award to Mr. Rigby, whose voice Mr. Whewsll said was a very good one. Ile sang with ! enthusiasm and spirit and his phrasing and intonation ' wore exceedingly good. Mr. Weedall's voice wassoma- , what too light for the song and he had not the verve of the first singer. Mr. Pease had a very good voice hut it was not always used to the best advantage, the top notes being too open. CHILDREN'S CHOIR COMPETITION. This was an excellent competition which aroused a great deal of interest. The choirs taking part were : Sutton United 31;•enile choir (conductor, Mr. W. Knapper) ; Hartland Juvenile Choir (Mr. J. H. Harper; Warrington Harmonic Juvenile choir (Mr. T. Brough) ; Warrington Juvenile choir (Mr. B. Wads- worth) ; Warrington Secondary school choir (Mr. R. H. Albery, lif.Sc). The test piece was " Excelsior " (Balfe), which the adjudicators considered was an extremely heavy work for juniors to sing. The War- rington Harmonic choir, they stated, were out of tune in several places, and the intonation was not perfect. When they sang softly the voices blended well, but the effect was not so good in the forte passages. Sutton United were rather too loud in the opening, and their conception of the piece was hardly as good as that of the first choir. They had, however, more strength of voices, and the piece suited them better. On the whole the performance was a very good one. In the Hartland choir the •voices were rather inclined to cogrgeness, and they were slightly out of tune at Ono point. The War- rington Juvenile choir WON Out of OM at the opening and right through the first part. It # Was alraOst art impassibility to expect a choir of such numbers and such weak voices to snstain the piece. They made a'very fair attempt but the singing was rather mechanical. The Warrington Secondary choir had not so good a conception of the piece and at times the intonation was rather dotty. Some passages were also sung too mechanically. The marks were awarded as follows :—Sutton United, 55; Hartland, 5:4 ; Warrington Harmonic, 52; Warrington Juvenile 48; Warrington Secondary,47. The first prize or £3 and gold centre medal therefore went to Sutton and the second prize of LI to Hartland.

BOY'S CIIA.T.T.ENGE SOLO. Harry Griffiths, 339, Lovely lane, gained the prize in this competition by his interpretation of " Angels ever bright and fair." His intonation, and articulation, said the adjudicators, vere particulaily clear end his top notes and phrasing were very good. Master linruphreys,Garston sang" He was despised " and the adjudicators said he possessed a very good voice but it was not quite so well used as in the case of the successful competitor. His performance was creditable for one so young and he would have obtained considerably higher marks but for a slip in notation. SOPRANO SOLO COMPETITION. The result of this competition WAS exceedingly popular, the prize going to Miss Carrie Hastings, who hfa achieved success at each of the previous eistedd- sod'au. The test song was" Good.bye " (Tosti.) Tn delivering the miludicaticMr.Einlyn Davies said Miss

===== 0002601_19060106_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
BRASS RIND CONTEST.

This excellent contest concluded the afternoon pro- gramme. The band i taking put were : Cro3fl,4ld's (conductor, Mr. W. Halliwell), Lezh-street (Mr. F. Podtnore), Pioneer (Mr. E. Smith), Walker's (Mr. P. .1. Brady). The test piece was " Dinorah " (Wright and Ronald) and two prizes of £5 and £2 respectively (with medal in case for best soloist) were awarded. Messrs. Crosileld's band secured the first prize, the second going to Pioneer. The medal was awarded to Mr. Smith, trombone soloist in the first band.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENING MEETING.

PIANOFORTE SOLO COMPETITION.

The hall was utmost filled for the evening meeting The first item was a pianoforte solo competition for children between the ages of twelve and sixteen. The test piece was" Pas des Echarpes " (Chaminade), and the competitors appearing in the final were T. Brother- ton, Bewsey-road, and Ellen Troop, Widnes. The prize was awarded to Ellen Troop, who, the adjudicators stated, kept better time and played with moreexpression than her fellow-competitor.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND CHORAL COMPETITION.

There were only two entries for this competition which was confined to church or chapel choirs—namely, Bewsey-road Wesleyan choir (conductor Mr. B. Wadsworth), and iLegh-street Primitives ((r. A. Spruce). Gonnod's beautiful anthem "Come unto Him" was the test piece. The adjudicators decided that the Bewsey-road choir gave the best interpretation. The balance of tone, they stated, was very satisfactory. The opening was a little too slow and at one stage the intonation was not quite clear. The performance on the whole was very good. Legh-street choir commenced in better time but the tune was not quite as good as with Bewsey-roai, neither was their ending of the piece. The marks awarded were: Bevrsey-road, 55 ; Legh- street, 54.

TENOR SOLO COMPETITION. For the best interpretation of "An evening song" (Blumenthal) the prize was won by Mr. J. Willett, Warrington. The adjudicators said he possessed a good voice and although he sang a little too loud at times ho had a better finish and more artistic style than the other competitors. Mr. F. Edwards, of Ashton, had not his voice so well in command. The other contestant—a St. Helens vocalist—gave the best opening of the three but fell off later. AT.E QUARTET comeEn/r [ON. _ .

, The piece selected for this competition was "Long day closos" (Sullivan) and the marks were allocated as follows :—Mr. C. Rigby and party, St. Helens, 54; Mr. .1. Willett and party, Warrington, 52 ; Mr. Marsden and party, Wigan, 49.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
CHALLENGE SOLO COMPETITION.

This was One of the most interesting features of the day, the soloists having the option of giving any sons of their own choice. Mr. E. Pearse, of Warrington, was the winner, the adjudicators speaking highly of his rendering of " Revenge." He had, they stated, an excellent voice very well adapted to that florid class of music. The slurs were well brought out in very diffi- cult passages and the slow movement was exceedingly well done. Altogether his performance was very credit- able. Mr. Arthur Cheetbam, of Wigan, sang" My hope is in the Everlasting," but the adjudicators said his voice production was somewhat" throaty," and the top notes were therefore too open. If his voice were rightly set he would make a dangerous competitor on any platform. Mr. C. Rigby, of St. Helens, sang" She alone charmeth my sadness." The adjudicators said his voice was well produced and well balanced but it was somewhat too light for the heavy aria occurring in the piece. CONTRALTO SOLO COMPETITION.

-„„- ...... I Sullivan's " Lost chord" was the song chosen for this contest and the vocalists appearing on the platform were Miss Shaw, of Prescot, Miss Potts, of Crewe, and Miss L. Plinston, Warrington. The prize was won by ! Miss Plinston, the adjudicators stating that her articula- tion and finish were clear and she had a good conception of the song. She had a sympathetic voice and although it was not so deep as one of the other competitor's it was better in the higher notes. Miss Shaw's rendering was on the whole, effoctive but a little more tenderness of yoice was required. Miss Potts was a very conscien- tious singer, and her rendering was of the kind that appealed to one. She was apparently somewhat nervous

CIIIIiF CITORAL COMPETITION. Sevfm entries had be"n received for this competition but only two choirs—Wigan Harmonic (conductor, Mr. R. A. Moss) and Warrington (Mr. W. S. Nesbitt)— actually competed. Naturally this robbea the contest of much of its interest, but nevertheless the two render- ings of "Crossing the plains " (Price) were much appreciated. The Warrington choir are to be heartily congratulated on winning the prize of £l2 12s. and a silver cup (presented by Mr. J. Pinlayson). Mr. Whewall said they showed a much better conception of the piece than the Wigan choir. There was a better blend of voices, more expression, good time, and the attack was excellent. With regard to the Wigan choir, their opening WAS very good with the exception that the first tenor was inclined to be flat. Some notes did not receive their full valne. He also suggested that the first basses should be slightly augmented as they were not sufficiently clear. A forcing of tone was evi- dent. The pleasure of the evening was considerably enhanced by Mr. Emlyn Davies's expressive renderings of" When I survey "and" Devotion."

===== 0002601_19060106_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
LODGER'S THEFT.

At Warrington ot-i-Tai,;-riTai Jane Smith, Ellen-street, was charged with stealing from the e welling-house of Richard Billington, during the months of November and December, five trinkets and other articles of the value of £3.—She pleaded guilty .—The Chief ConstaLle said the prisoner lodged with the prosecutor's wife, and she was from time to time alone in the house.—Occa- sionally she abstracted various articles of clothing and pledged them. They were not missed until recently, when information was given to the police. Superinten- dent Monaghan apprehended the prisoner, and a number !of tickets wore found in her possession. fhere were ' several convictions against her. She had no need to steal, but she did so to enable her to get drunk. Her husband was in regular employment.—Prisoner, who ; said she was very sorry, was sent to gaol for a month with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
MARVELLOUS CURE Of SORE EYES

Baby Treated at Two Hospitals Over a Year Eyes Grew Worse—Doctor Said They Might Be Bad for Years.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE BOX OF CUTICURA MAKES COMPLETE CURE

"When my little girl was a few months old, her eyes began to get bad; thinking it was from her teeth, I lived in hopes of them getting better, but as they did not improve I decided to get medical advice. I took her to the Hospital several times, and subsequently to the Children's Hospital at —, to which institution I took her for twelve months. The doctors were most kind and attentive, and did all they could for her, but her eyes seemed to be growing worse. One doctor told me they might be bad for years; I was very miserable at such a prospect. I was one day stopped in the street by a Mrs. Todd who told me that Cuticura Oint- ment had cured her boy, and advised me to try it. I commenced using it that very night. The cure has been marvellous. The eyes soon commenced to get strong, and they are now as healthy as if there had never been anything the matter with them. The cure was completed with less than one box of Cuticura Ointment. Von are at liberty to make what use you like of this letter, and I trust it may be the means of others being cured as my little girl has been.— Mrs. F. Phillips, Grafton St., Waverly, Sydney, N. S. W." Refer- ence, Messrs. R. Towns & Co., Sydney.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
SLEEP FOR BABIES

And Rest for Tired, Fretted Mothers

in Cuticura.

Instant relief and refreshing sleep for skin-tortured babies, and rest for tired, fretted mothers, in warm baths with Cuticura Soap, to cleanse, and gentle anointings with Cuticura Ointment, the great skin cure, and purest and sweetest of emollients, to heal.

CUtiCUTS Soup. Ointment, and Pills are rold throughout the world. Depots London, 27 Charierhouse Sq.; Paris, 5 Rue de la raiz ; Australia, It. Towne & Co., Sydney, N. S. W. Po= Drug & Chem. Corp., Boston, TT. S. A., Sole Props. 03—Send Mr `‘ How to Cure 13013 flumours."

THIS ussr FAMILY MRDICINH. KAYIK'S WOILDSKLL'S PILLS Aux A CERTAIN CURS for Indigestion, Biliousness, Headache Dyepapsia. Constipation. Liver and Kidney Complaints, &a For Ladies of all ages they are invaluable. Of all Chemists, le. L&, 2t. 94., and as. 64. per box, or post free on reuvipt of stamps to Depot, 13. St. George street, Norwich. Sample free box will be sent. on receiving name, address, and Id. stamp (to cover return postage). Mention paper. FepOt, 13, 61:. GRORGH SMART, NORWICH.

ULAIIKIPS 841 PILLS are warranted to owe, in either sex, allaequired for constitutional discharges from the Binary Organs. Gravel and Pains in the hectic. Wee*. from MetTurv. Itstablished upwards of 30 years. In bine* 4s. 6d. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throneh- on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Line°ln.— Ad Vt. FLO/MANE ?—FOB THE 'NETS AND BREA:l'M—Thoroughly eleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whitener's and a delightful fragrance to the breath Price 26.6 d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar fot the Floriltne " Powder," of, all Chemist; and Perfumer..— Advt. VALUABLE MSCOVERY FOB E HAUL—If your bait is turning grey or white or faith., off, use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWED, fJr It will positively restore, .a ry,ry case, grey or white, hair to its original colour. It makes the heir charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth price 3s. 6d. per bottle.—Advt. To MOTH/MS.—Ft re. Wraer.ow's Soothing Syrup has bees; used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for thcir chldrenwhllm teething, with perfect success. it will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant toltastat and pounces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awAlcc., " brigut a button I fall (lbeausts /a i• Per b • - • '''

===== 0002601_19060106_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
..*.:::'_--;',ii.,!-•:::;4:7;.'7.:''‘;.::•..,,,'::.•.-::. ~... .

*!1",

•1.;• 41' " 7.'•:. ,r. ‘.'''. ' .'s". 'l',:' ..41-•.-:': . 4 .':- .. :' ". .•:: . .t ' .:.. '

===== 0002601_19060106_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ,'••• tt,s,

===== 0002601_19060106_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
• • . :;.' 7 ..:•,,,,„` .. . tr • 4 ' z.',V.,`... 5.1..;A:"... : •• '''',— ',;.:`:`'' i"' . -... . - ..I.lqe AB',:,..%Y'f; ...I • , ~. ..; ....xe t17,5,-,:1----,.• , - - ,-...,-1," -T-..,,,.:4,,N--li:, ..;,;.,..:,44 ~..-?....,?...:.- ' . • ---.-..!--A.- -11--‘,,,-. ---

===== 0002601_19060106_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- ,

f , 111 • , )

===== 0002601_19060106_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
4

Eht "Opiminer onus

ri. 0 WARRINGTON AND MrD-Cagalass uwarcas." published every Baturds-• morning. TIE EARLEETOWN AND NEWTON Ers—sizzum, published every Friday afternoon. rag " ST. HELEss ExAmmrs,' published every -L Friday lifter:1000. r" " RUNCORN ExArarrizu," published every Friday afternoon.

HF Wrimvss Basun-En,' published every 2. irlday afternoon.

THE EXANEINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISENIENT

AP ARTMENTS WANTED 3 PARTMENTS TO LET

Hors EE4 WAITED HOUSES TO BE SOLD

ARTICLF LOI•IT

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS

BTICIE9 ForND One Words. Week. 18 27 ........• Os. 9d. 38 45 54

MISCELLANEOUS SALES Three Six Week. Weeks. 3d. ... 21. Od. ... Is. 10d. 3e. W. 23. ed. ... 4s. Od. ... 3s. Id. ss, Od. ... 3s. Ed. ... 6s. Od,

3omestit Rotrbants, etr. A LL servants requiring situations ebould write to GRACE. King's Registry, 5. New Oxford it., London.

VET ANTBD, respectable experienced GENERAL; references V V required.--Address 450,SeinN0 Vlnw,Lower Ince.tvigan

WANTICD good GHNBRAL for January. Small family. TV Help given - Apply lrlrA. Porrs,Portland rd.. Bowdon.

WARTRD Respectable GIRL 16 or 17 for housework.— Apply FOSTER'S, 30M, Lower Broughton rd.. Salford SRRVANTS In all capacities can be suited daily. good wages ; goad places at Mrs. NASTWOODB', 82 Westgate, Burnley.

WANTED SERVANT GIRL, age about 18, for farm.— Apply Mrs. HOLT. INalmaley Fold Farm, Brindle, near Mulder.

WANTHD, at ones, an experienced COOK-illt.lls.tAt.. We. 21.1 to £23.—HOLT, 2, Wexford rd., Oxton, Cheshire.

WVANTED, at once. an experiensed HOUiIiMAID WAITRESS. Wages MS to £3o.—HoLT,2,Wexford rd. Oxton. Cheshire.

WANTED at once two GIRLS as General and Nurse must be fond of ehlldren.—Mrs. Kure, Butcher. Roe lane, Southport.

IiTANPBO relpectable GIRL to moist LAN% hoquework ; VT not out before taken.—Mrs. NISH, 48, Dambey Park rd.. Livernoot.

WANTBD for January 3rd, 1.9C6, good SIIIIVANT. age about 20; no wasbing.—Apply WeTstouGH, 341, Swing, Bank, Wigan.

_ \AI ANTBD experienced MINIMAL for two in family.— Apply Mrs. CRUICIOHLNIC, .. Agia " Parrs lane, Aughton, Ormeskirk.

WANTBD strong GIRL 16 for homework; good home; no children ; reference requirect.--e.ddress 27, SKAKE- IP/CARR BT., Southport.

WANTBD, smart GENRRAL 'another kept; references required ; wages 61.—Apply PRINCE or WALES HOTEL. Newtown. Wigan.

VITANTRD a good GENERAL, Tilt under Zl. Good wages to one who can cook and wash, 4, In I amlly.—Apply W., 32. Boathook it. Southport.

WASTBD at once COOK-GENR/lA.L3. Houseznalla and go9cl General Servanta.—Apply MIDLME REEVES, 51, Leyland Arcade, Soutnport.

WA Nizoll: D od rGerECerlfelinclieAl.toott:.ttall.o.ablzello vr2;slb, arylysiortusienr, Gwyn. Longsight Manchester.

IV ANTED good COOK, also young general, good wages, T Disengaged barmaid, good reterences.—CoOrrY REGIATRY. 34, Cannon st., Preston.

w9INTRD. good DONIRSTIC SERVANT, age 2; to 30; must have good references ; none other need applT ; good wages.-17, FROGRALL LANR., Warrington.

IiIiTANTBD good COOKS, Nurses, Generals, good homes•— • Pd•trs' MART AND REGISTRY. 19, King lidward's Buildings, Cheetharn MD, Mrtnehester.

GARDERRIt Wants Situation : life experience In all branches; married : age 32; goal references.-I'. REWII T, 294, Thornham road, Roy ton, Oldham.

ANTRD superior YOUNG GIRL as Housemaid and V Children's-maid, youngest 8. Well spoken and an early rises essential —Mrs. SANDYS, Odcfield,

Ili APT 9D, (IHNItiIAL, fazolly one; cottage Douse ; Cooks. Housemaids, 4 CienerelS. 2 Girl., 16.— TURNER'S REGISTRY, 123,Katherine at.. Ashton-under-Lyne.

A LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country ti town,public and private.—Call or write Miss HAnewes' (oulle office), 6,oldiaam etreet. Manchester. Hstabliehed 1862

VII ANTED a 131$1, as GHNEIRAL ; abstainer, need o V work, or witbont borne ;to keep boast) for a blinc snln ; state am—A. DENNETT, 35a. Beekingharn st., L'poo

.rIOOKS WANTED VO to £24. Housemaid-Waitress £lB tc ‘J t 22. Generals I‘lB to £2o.Girls £l4, excellen% places., No connection with any other office.—Write to HARRISON'B, 13.. Oldham It,, ilanchester.

ImRS. RBA D REQUIRES experienced COOKS,Housemaid waltres sem, Cook-generals, kitebeninalds and superior generals. Rellab e pIaces.—SELECT REGISTRY, Rusholme, Eanchoster. lestnb. 25 veer..

eIOOK, GOOD, plain, (young man); seeks situatlon,private familT, school or eleraymans house, good references, Iberatwaßes.—Ksauss Care Willie Coact' 25, Ellesmere Street. Moss Bide, Manchester.

A LL CLAShBB OF SITUATIONS. private and public; Li good boroes, excellent wages ; places in town, country, and seaside,—Write to OLDEST ItsTABLIOUD 3rEctisTri7 6, Oldbani it ,

WANTED good GBRERA.I.4 SERVANT for fish and chip- ro tato business ; to make herself useful in shop ; good cents . references required ; age 18 to 20.—Apply TAUBMAN, 20, Beatrice st., Osisestry.

Vir ANTBD. COOKS. FICUS/MUDS, Waitressei, Cook; Gensrals. Generals. for Stockport. Good reference. requ'red. Maid. fee Is. Situations, good wages, waiting WI ite Miss NEWTON 12, Great Underbank. Stockport.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
wANTED SITUATION as HOUSEKEEPER to Bachelor or Widower. View to marriage. Spinster (no means)• Honourable gentleman, some means, or business. No agencies —Address F., 60, •• Examiner '' Office, W'gton.

MR RS. PRSTON, Progressive ervants Agency, 44, CitaaLge ST., Blackpool. The oldest established In Blackpool. Wants Servants with references, for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses ; good wages ; enclose stamp. Tele, 0637

===== 0002601_19060106_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
300r5e5. Dogq, Poulin? r.

frußxßis, Ducks, Fowls, Is. ; Geese, 91. per lb. free, CIrb.—STANLEY, Poultry Farm, Poole.

ItOUGH-HADIHD FOX TIMM DOG. 12 kJ months ; game. ant splendid guard.—How.tan,(High- it., Go'borne.

TOR SALH—Pedigree large SLACK BOARS, bred from 1: winners this year ; also few Large White Sows • in-pig, —J. Woorzam. Manager. Fulwood Hall Farm, Preston.

CHORTHOHN BULLS ON SALR, ready for use : good milking strain.: two have served ; also Early Calving Cows:Ail en; ered in Herd Book.-I.Lawsow,Wesham,Kirkham

A GRAND PHDIGRES Irish Terrier Dog, 18 months X] old, a splendid house dog or lady's pet; bred from prize sairmers.—Apply T. DUTTON. Robin Hood House. Alpra- harp, Terporley.

13111-ORdES safely cured of Worms by Thwaltes New Herbal JUL Remedy ; 6d. per packet, free by post, 7 penny stamps. Directions with each packet ; no trouble. Horses eat it treely. fl. THWAITES. Herbalist. Stockton-on-Tees.

4CO be let.

IKRTH.—GOOD HOUSHs WITH GARD DNS. 30. 94 per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 61. per week. IVY LODGE.PEOGRALL LANE. reduced rent. 55, NBA! ROAD, 4s. 9d. week. 17, 4ILL LANK 6s. week. SHOP, SCHOOL BROW 7s. 6d. week. Apply nOBERT Lowz, Estate Agent. No. 1 Bank-street War- rington. Telephone—No 65.

PKN:

rvo LET, 4, PAUL STREET, 4 gooi bedroom 6.—Apply _1 Worm & Sorr. Solicitors, Warrington.

A Good SHOP and HOUSE To Let, suit any Business LTt near Central Station —Apply 34, Wrvivicx 6T., Vrgt(M.

LBT 17, POLLY LADIN, will be cleaned for good tenant.--Apply Worms & Sow. Bolloitors. Horsemarket Street, Warrington. H tot:323e. - bedroom., oLmIE.T , bey-windowedao. m . o. jrLoDnyetei.6n4 . e ewys 813,t et., Warrington. rrO LET, good HOUS4 in Derby-street, rent Gs. 81. will JL be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply Woons& Bog, bolicitors, Warrington. rj Lin GOOD HOUSE, Parker street, rent 355. month _I- clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODB & Sow. Solicitors, Warrington. : • TO BB LBT, SEMLOBTACHBD VILLA, Whltefield rd., 1 Lower Walton, four bedrooms.—Apply A. MOVIIIIELD. Dutton et., Warrington.

OFFICES to be L L, over Union Bank, Sankey Street, Warrington ; light and airy ; fire places and electric lights in each room.—Apply J. tirintow, estate and business agent, Union Bank-buildings, Warrington.

ROUSH AND SHOP TO IHT.....Hxceptional opportunity for Chemist and Druggist with small capital ; grand opening for new business in rapidly growing district, near tn rallyntv itatlnn ; rent, Inw.--14.(1noPstiHnhlder, Pinnaittnn.

CROP AND HOUSR TO L'.—Corner of Earl a—nd Long- L. 3 ford street. The shop is fitted up with all modern eon- volumes and is aultiOle for grocery and dairy purpose, Sc. Good Living accommodation, Rath Room Ac., rent 10s. per week.—Apolv William Furness Grett Sankey owner -or Triou•s Cownetra. a;ent, Lee, Street, Nitarrington.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

QANIottIYS POISON tor Killing Res Answers well. " After one dressing I co Ind 136 dead next morn- ing."—J. BLle, Helsthorpe, Leighton. "I killed ZOO rats with Santord's Polson."-0. Coo', Harmer. Ellesmere-road destroyed 145 rats with lt."--0. Wit.mos. Offord.-3ene. BLEFOILD as SON, Sandy Beds. Sold by , (Themlated Is 2'

JIHONOGRAPH.—To introduce our new 1908 Model .L Talking Machine. in elegant cabinet with Bentwood carrying cover, complete with reproducer, recorder, winding-crank, large brass trumpet, c3nnection table stand, 6 genuine Edison National Cold-moulded Iteocrds for thirty shilling. limit equal, if not better, than many 5 guinea phonographs ; many testimonials ; cash returned if not approved.—Mvxn FRERES. Importers, 28, High it., Bothattipton. London.

CONSUMPTION, CHEST COMPLAINTS, INFLUENZA AND COLDS, CUBED B "CUBAN ELIXIR." If you are to the grim grip of consumption don't delay; ob- tain the above and be cured. ANEMIA. WEAK AND BLOODLESS WOMEN and mothers having pale daughters should procure •• CUBAN BLOOD PRODUCER" It acts like magic; restores and builds up the constitution. PILES. Those afflicted with plies should obtain "1310 PILE CURE." Cures when all others fail. Any of the above (16 days treatment). With advice port free, 21. 9d.—Address SUTCLIFFE SON. CHEMISTS. CUBAN PHARMACY, TS, BUCK'S RD., DOUQL

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STRE3T, HANLEY, ANo 13, NEWGATE STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES. la Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON !SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. PAIITIRE wishing for temporary CASH ADVANCES should note the advantages offered, vls.— TUE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE Low, RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO NISH. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROW ER. NO BILLS OF eALB ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED!' AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE :NOT PUBLISHED , INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEETION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative will call personallyupon applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known and myreputation stands unrivalled

===== 0002601_19060106_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060106_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•Briuratton.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
y &BOASTER COLLBGB. MORBOAMBB.—A First-class 1-1 Boarding School for Boys.—J. W. MARSHALL, Ph.D., 31.3 c., Principal.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
SANDBACEI SCHOOL, CEDISHIRS.—Moderate Pees. Illustrated Prospectus from Ileadmsster.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTHPORT.—Successf al BOARDING SCHOOL for Girls. Moderate tees. Vacancy Governess-pupil. —THE MissEs GROVES, Belvedere. Birkdale,

===== 0002601_19060106_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Vat tit e robtp tumnrosto., eft.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
(IN SAL'S. FISH AND CHIP BUSINBSS; ROOd reasons / for leaving.—Apply 121. Ouu'LLLNJc. INDran.

CIINSrBN.—HATIDWAIIII AND OHANDLIik'S BUSI- NESS; thriving neighbourhood; good posittou.-60, BOUGHTON, Chester.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD HOSIERY AND DRAPHRY RUBINHSS Mr .t 31.. disposal at once leaving the town.-35. W LAWLER STREET, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Wanteb

===== 0002601_19060106_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
ir-lINDUELS may be had at the " IiXIMINER OFFICS. 341. V per load Riven.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
A N APPRHNTICH WANTHO to the Drefemaking.— II 39, ORronn AVENUE. Warrington.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
‘,4/ ANTBD.—Coloured Print!' by Digliton.—MuttnY. 1 " W.”-- Bllington rd.. Bamsgate.

7C06111 may bo had for El. Proof.- 3, Imperial Building', London.

• Wrappers, all kinds, ltd. per doz. elren.—Wammow, Chl ppenham.

th wants bitnation as Handyman In Learning to Drive.—Cwunca, Temple

• .—....WATHRIL CLOCK or Old Carved •. furniture ' • will exchange Gent's Free Wheel Cycle. BRX AWELL, Pariah at.. Salford.

WANTS]) YOUTH about 17 as useful Indoor servant, Accustornrd to gentleman's servlo, anct early riser,— Hrs. B•MDTS, Oakfleld, Sale.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
lATANTBD, next Spring, In Ontario, Canada, strong TV YOUNG MR& for Farm Work.—Apply ONTARIO GOVERNMNNT AGENCY% 7, James st., Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
IrPECTABLE COUPLE. no children would like Baby to nave, or adopt; premium ; good home ; highest reference.—Mrs. BROOKE!, 40. Middlewich L. Grewe.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
NTACANCIC for tingli•h or Kliaclerg•rteh dtudeut. ?re- pa.ration for any examlnatloa.—For partlaulars apply to the hISADMISTHINS, Swaffhagi High School, Notfo k

===== 0002601_19060106_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
WVANTIID M APPRENTIOR to the Pianoforte Tuning and Repairing Department ; premium required.— Apply PZAR9ON AND PATTON, LTD.. Bridge at., Warrington

===== 0002601_19060106_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
lIIDERSONS requiring business transacted in London— private or commereial.—Write LINITERI, 61 Denman rd,. Peckham. London, for particulars. state requirements

===== 0002601_19060106_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
ifitsrenanous, n zalts, etr.

The Examiner, S; .- January 6,

===== 0002601_19060106_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONABLII White Nur and Muff for 61 6d, sent on approval.—Lam, Percy et, Blackpool.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
CHOICHST BACON, 441 b. hides 71d. lb ; smoked Bd. lb.; cash, carriage paid.—KNI6GA, askrigg.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
DUT a perfect polish on Collars and Cuffs with Holding's. 1 Tablet.-4d.—CnAMCSHAwB,Accrington.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
I B P YOU AB ILt., send stamped addressed envelope.— HEALTH Co , Boar lane Chambers. Leeds.

GIVEN FRBR.—Orlent Diamond Ruby Riuge, encloee 4d. —A DAMSOIeeI, 13. Mereea rd., Colcheeter.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
CORNS i CORNS! CORNS I—The new e3rn silk, 4d. and 7d., poet tree.—SAmPeois, Chemist, Bath.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Ell.Slf, from Sea to Table ; tlbs. Es., 10Ib. 3s. ; carriage paid ; satisfaction guaranteed.—SNELSON, Fleetwood. VLASTICi 13fOOKING4. Bco, Es 3d; lists, self-measurement 1:4 form free; ELASTIC HOSIERY bPECIA.LITT CO.. York.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOItTED Pictorial Postcards 64.—1 f dissatisfied refund.--thaDosi." 31,11nrwood terraee,London.S.W

===== 0002601_19060106_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Dldll'ltlOT AGENCY opened for Patent of daily conaump- tion ; 40 per cent; Gnntnisaion.—DonaE & Jo., Ltsiteard

===== 0002601_19060106_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Wel/ELOPES and Circulars addressed for coming Election. —Witness's TYPEWRITING OFFICE, Weq BrOttlWiCh.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
UOOTHALL INSUP P&DS, 1,000 at Is. each, usual 1: price Is. 6d.—S•us, Manufacturer, Stanstend, Ware

===== 0002601_19060106_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
CIMARBTTBS (Virginia, Turkish), 2e, 103, post free. kJ BPECIALIST, 93, Loder rd., Brighton. Agents wanted.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
100 PENNY PICTURE POSTOARDS sent free for le. postal order.—LroNe, 27, Herring:ay rd., liarringay, London, N.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY RISK HHALTH, life and limb P—Our ea,ety Oil Ii eheap.—Writn, THE MANCHESTER bAFETT OIL, Co , Cadishend.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
rPHWRUING, Td. 1.000 ; Duplienting from Is. 100.— BALTIC TYPEWRITING OFFICE, 108. BlShopagate et„ Witt:di:lg, Loudon.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
ClOAL.—Greenhouse Anthracite. also Houae and oteam LI Coale ia tempting pri:tee.—A. THOMAS dt Co, 13 Cam- brian Place, Swalisea.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
',loll Fish, Fish Fresh and dried Sprats. Winkles I. Whelks. and Oysters at reasonable prices. —H. R DAY, 41. Oolne rd., Brightlingoes.

SMOKY LAMPS CUIIED, accidents prevented. comfort obtained by UBillir our Safety OiI.—THE MatecitzaTEß barnvir OIL Co., Cadltheact.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
11DOSTOAlitie.—Coloured views of London, sirrey, Usthe- drt., Aett eases, ; 12 for ad.—WI:DOE, 13 Harrison , King's Cross, London.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
2' 00 PRAILSON'S SEATIONS ; final solutions. . It. • envalope ; Royal winner.-76. BICKER- TON RD., Mighgate. 'London

===== 0002601_19060106_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
pax NilW INON-15XPLO3LVE LAMP OlL.—More lixht no smoke ; no innelL—Makers. THE MARCHIcBTER AYETY OIL CO., Cad Mead.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
VIVRE BY CARDS end ASTROLOGY.Send birth date, _l2 sex, colouring, with le, order and stamped envelope to NAOMI, School house, Drainie. Losslemouth.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
pIANO, by Goldstein, grant instrument, nes.rly new.lron frame, check action, full trichord ; for cash, £l7 10s. —B9, MARGARET BTREI,T. Ashton-under-Lyne.

B— LL & CO.. PRIVaTIS ltiQUltlY &MINTS. 19, Arc.ide. Grove rd., Haetbourne ; all braachet of Ingulry under- taken ; watching divoroe a speciality. Tel. 113. c.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
A 8 iROLUGY. - Your destiny revealed. Money, Marriage, X 1 Coming Ywir's Bveots,etu. Send birth date, Is. P. 0. —lB,olOnnY, 30, Darlington at.. Wolverhampton.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
GGOOD opening to Investors. Contractor, West of England requires sums from £1.200 to extend business. interest 7 per centmo money-lenriers. Write Box 21,6,Greed lane. 11 .0

IVITHASIV it and Tender Feet ((Molina) never fails to kJ cure. Once tried, ftlwaya snarl lare boxes Is. lid., I. ample did.—ALvorsiso, 73, Loampltvale, Lewisham; d.E.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
TEN SECOND-HAND PIANOS. good condition, £5 to £l5; dealers supplled.—RmtEsa, 10, St James st., Bouttmort.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
IF YOU CAN DRAW. and want to increase your income, write to eiECRETIRY. Commercial Art School, 27,Taswel1 rd., Southe ea .

===== 0002601_19060106_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOT DEALER.? and those about to commetire.—Write, for quotations, WHOLESLLE Boor WAREHOUSE, 48. Grimehaw it... Stockport.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
£SOOARSON'B STATIONS. Final Solutions. Is. ' • envelope.—NorAL WINNFR, 76 Kr ckerton Road, Highgate, London.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
()N SALE, £6 10s, INSURANCH BOOK, solid business ; 111 beslth cause of selling.—Apply B. Wlicos, Dort:011K street, Leigh.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
QBALSKIN BACQT7R COAT, storm collar ; fashionable ; LI equal to new; ES 10s. ; a bargain,—Darr, Pawnbroker. g 9, Stranweways. Mgnohpeter.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
GUNS.—Several good 12 bore Breechloaders for Sale, hammer, hammerlete, and ejector ; moderate prices. Thyr.t. 61. Market, at.. Wigan.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
rrlLßS,—Brose!ey Roofing, 16s. 1030 In trucks at works. 6x6 White Glszei. sank, delivered free.—ALcocx, 60 Crorafard Road, Wanlsworlh•

===== 0002601_19060106_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
SECON D- HA ND PIANO, g nick repeating action, ivory keys. orate sconces, rosewood case.—Applv 28, MITTIUR BT., by St. Paul's Church. Warrington. Price £5 15s.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
!6tises anb tale( On mlr.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
£7OO (efUevlvrCKooctii3A LH. ega IClbUtirtt n atm Property at Broomfield, Sheffield.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
Ititbiral

HOW I cured myielf of piles, after 25 years suffering. For trial treatment send IS.—U. ISMELLITT, 24, Soutergate, Ulverston,

I GASBAG°. LUMBaGO. .uffer uob painS ? send 2s 6d to J. TJEANE, Vb. Chester rd.. suime, Manchester, for cure. ECZONAL.—Sure, sate, effectual cure with herbs. liecrpe free with list of hero' and remedies. Postcard will do. —TriwAtTka, herbalist, Stockton-on-Tees. VOR ItHHUDIATISti and GOUT, try Bucklaw's Health sure cure. Write to-day for free sample—Address HIICKLAW'II HEALTH TEA, 93, Grainger at.. Darlington.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
liftattglito, etc.

1906.

motor ear% eprits, (Earriago, etc

===== 0002601_19060106_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
(AN SALE. two new FARUDO6' FLOATS ; one painted, J one varnished ; also Eighteen Beehives PARKER, tdyerrcough, Preston.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
( 1N SALE. a Kish and Fruit salesman HAWKING TURN- OUT, £ES ; good condition.—Apply 7, Lurasao BT., or 130, CHAPEL ST , Leigh.

URRIHR I& STORK, all sizes suitable for farmers, _LJ grocers, coal merchants. carriers, &c.—J. HARDMAN A.D ~offs, LTD., Radcliffe, near Illanche,ter.

gpartmentO,furniObert 300tt5r6, &C.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
iloteto, liVaras, 35oarbing 05tabTsl

===== 0002601_19060106_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
Monep,

riA.SFI.-22 upwards lent ; repayable by easy instalments to cult borrower's convenience ; distance no object.— VERNON, 5. Hindon It, Victoria, London.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
LOANS GRANTgD ON THESE TERMS £5 TO £5OO. LOAN £5 RHPAY £5 12s. 6d. LOAN £lO litiPAY £ll se. Od. LOAN £2O RUPAY £22 101. Od. LOAN £3O ILIII'AY £33 15s. Od. LOAN £5O IIRP4Y £56 Si. Od. LOAN £lOO IiiiPAY £ll2 10s. Od. Larger amounts in proportion. Call or write to ig JACKSON, 70. PLYMOUTH-GtIOVN. MANCHRSTRR. ___ ___

===== 0002601_19060106_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

JANUARY 6th 1906.

ro-day the 10,365 voters THE ELECTION in the Warrington Parhal. ADDRESSES. mentary division, will have before them the election addresses of the two candidates who seek to represent them in the next Parliament,—Mr. A. H. Crosfield and Mr. Robert Pierpoint. Both will well repay thoughtful perusal, at the conclu- sion of which we thiek that the majority of the electors will have their conviction that the country has had more than enough of Tory mis-rule immeasurably strengthened. As a rule, election addresses do not afford a great deal of guidance to the individual voter. Generally,both emphasize points which are calculated to appeal to a large number of politicians, but in the instance afforded by the addresses before us, we think that this is a conspicuoasly absent feature. Mr. Crostield's address is a thoroughly progressive compendium of present-day politics, couched in trenchant, unhesitating, and convincing language. On the other hand, that of Mr. Pierpoint is as colourless as—may we say it with all due respect—the ' periodical address from the Throne to the Houses of Parliament. In fact, it has even less individu- ality and force in its composition, and a weaker' appeal to the electorate from a party represents- 1 tive we do not remember to have read. Mr. Crosfield rightly devotes himself larAtly to the two great issues which have split the thinking section of the people of this country completely asunder. There are Free Traders and Protectionists ; there are advo cotes of Chinese labour in South Africa, and opponents to the same. We have, we believe, the most ample and all-sufficient reasons for feel- ing convinced that the majority in each case is unmistakably on the side of Free Trade and "no slavery" not only all over the country but in Warrington also. The Liberal candidate leaves no room for doubt as to where he stands in regard to both these questions so vital to the well-being and the self-respect of Englishmen. Mr. Crosfield says "I stand as a FREE TRADER "and "I feel most strongly that the introduction of this (Chinese Labour) into South Africa is an utter ateamination." No expression of opinion could be more direct or uncompromising, and we believe all the more enlightened electors in Warrington will thank him in their hearts for his outspoken avowal. Mr. PIERPOINT is any- thing but explicit on the first of these questions, and ingenuously omits any allusion to the second. But of this more anon. There is a third great issue more or less—but rather less than more—in the minds of the people to-day. That is, Home Rule for Ireland. It owes no present prominence to the fact that it is at all likely to become one of the pressing measures of the new government, but solely because the Tories, with that ingeniousness in befogging the public mind for which they have always been famous, have drawn it across the trail of Free Trade and Chinese Labour. The most ardent Home Rulers do not press for the realisa- tion of their aims at the present juncture; they are content to wait until the Fates, and the state of English politics, are more propitious. But the Tories profess to see a real, and imminent danger to the Empire in Home Rule at the present moment. In their own foolish- ness they are must certainly the only people in England who do. Apart from the merits of the Home Rule proposal, it is not a matter for public concern just now at all. It is one of those matters that, like Micawber, can wait. Mr. CROSFIELD might, with the best excuse, have refrained from alluding to it. But with a straight- forwardness which does him credit he says plainly " I hold that in Ireland, as in England, govern- ment should be of the people, for the people, and by the people.'" With this assurance the matter may safely be dismissed for the present by both Home Rulers and anti-Home Rulers. Neither side can prejudice its case by turning directly to those causes which have rent the country in twain, and by considering more closely what the last ten years of Tory rule have cost us as a nation. "Behind us," as Mr. Crosfield says, "lie ten years of re-action, unnecessary wars and rumours of wars, extravagance, and Tory class legislation," and in the forefront is the I baleful figure of Protection raising its hydra-head over a peaceful community. The Liberal candi- date touches also upon the Taxation of Land Values—one of the most pressing of domestic reforms—and judge-made law as affecting Trades Unions. His views on these questions are too well- known to need recapitulation here, and we think it may safely be concluded that when tha electors of Warrington give him the opportunity, he will put all the strength and energy and ability he possesses on the side of the democracy in the struggle for right against might as exemplified in the status quo of these two, and many other, thorny problems. Mr. PIERPOINT'S address is unmistakably the effort of a man who has little to say, but is deter- mined to occupy an imposing amount of space in saying it. The patient elector will have to wade through two-thirds of its length before he strikes any reference to those questions on which the election of Monday, the 15th inst., will be fought. The Tory nominee wares quite eloquent on some of the things the late Government have done in the way of home legislation, and in regard to

===== 0002601_19060106_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

*4;

===== 0002601_19060106_art0135.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
TO. 3911.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
foreign policy. But he says nothing about those things which have been left undone and those which have been done badly. We cannot blame him for this—it is not his business—but he must not be resentful if a wakeful and discrimin- ating public fails to enthuse with him about prosperity in Egypt and an assured peace in the Soudan. Since great GORDON died, we have not been much concerned with Soudinesa affairs, and they probably rank in public estimation no higher thim Cyprus—that"foreign"island enshrined in Mr. PIERPOINT'S affections. He does, however, make a brief reference to the questions of Licens- ing and Education, and asserts that they have been dealt with " in a manner which has given general satisfaction to all fair-minded people.' The conclusion is evident from the state of public feeling in the country that" fair-minded people" are in a very large minority. Those who are not " fair-minded " but constitute the great majority 1-iok upon the LICENSING Acr of 1904 as a Brewers' Endowment Act, which has created a vested interest in the licence. They recollect that Mr. ACE E rts-DouGLAs, in introducing the Bill, spoke of one clause as " a special safeguard to the Trade," and they are con- vinced now that in safeguarding the trade, the Government entirely overlooked the interests of the community as a whole. The EDUCATION Acr is a piece of class legiEla.tion which has destroyed the School Boards, retained religious tests for the rappointment of teachers, saddled great parts of the country—Warrington included—with heavy ' rates, and created such religious bitterness and administrative confusion as militate against real progress in education. CHINESE Linoun, as have intimated above, is the one great question about which our late member says " nuffin. , Evidently he realises its unpopularity with the masses, and the difficulty of stating a case for the slavery ordinance. We have no need to sum up. Mr. PIERPOINT can find nothing to say why, after we plunged into a disastrous war, costing £250,000,000 and 2,5,000 British lives, to "obtain political freedom " for the Uitlanders, we sub- stituted Chinese coolies—herded in compounds under conditions tantamount to slavery—for the existing labour and to the exclusion.,of white miners. Judgment must go by default against the late government and its representative in War- rington, and not even their humiliation should , lessen the severity of the verdict to be pronounced on Monday the 15th. 1, With regard to the FISCAL QUESTION, Mr. PIERPOINT dare not remain silent, or we believe Ihe would have done so. In the light of the devel- opments of the last two years our late member's position must have been the cause of ninth gloomy personal retrospect. When Mr. CHAMBERLAI raged rampant through the country with a plea for undisguised Protection, embodying taxes on such necessaries as foreign corn, meat, eggs, butter, c heese, and fruit, Mr. PlElll'Ol/I T was bold and declared himself a whole-hogger. Mr. , CHAMBERLAIN said "he believed" these taxes would be paid by the foreigner, but he failed to ' persuade the country that the taxes would not !, raise the prices to the consumer of all these coin.. ; modities. Protection has since declined in public t favour ; and on economic grounds,too,has had the bottom knocked out of it so thoroughly that there is not a stave left. Mr. Pr RRPOINT has lain low, until recently, when, as in his election address to-day, all he commits himself to is a conference with the Colonies for mutual perference. He has pluck than his leader, who still sticks to a good deal of his original scheme. We people of Warrington to take note 0., end remem- ber that, on November 6, 1903, speaking at the Junior Conservative Club, Mr. PIERMINT said, in alluding to Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S proposals that :

WO

"He could if he liked make his observa- tions extremely short by simply saying Them's my sentiments.' As to the question •of the Fiscal conditions, Mr. Chamberlain had put forward a remedy and, in his opinion, what Mr. Chamberlain proposed was the best policy not only for this country, but for the empire." Does the nation want Mr. CHAMBERAIN'S policy of fiscal "reform "and aear food? We say, No ! Does Warrington want Mr. PIERPOINT with his colourless representation, with his wavering con- victions on the fiscal pestion, and with his opinionless attitude on Chinese Labour? We Itrust the answer will be as emphatic a negative. Finally we exhort every voter to remember that every vote given at the last elec- tion was a vote for a tax ou bread, dearer sugar, the destruction of the school boards, the endow- ment of the brewing trade, and class legislation of the worst type. Ten years of Toryism has cost us 42 millions a year more in taxes than under the last .Liberal Government. Vote solidly therefore, for CROSFIELD. Free Trade, Cheap Food, No Slavery. Liberty of Conscience, and Democratic Legislation!

The Liberal campaign could , THE LIBERAL not have opened more en- I CAMPAIGN. couragingly. Workers are rallying round the Free Trade standard in ever-increasing numbers, and in every direction the greatest enthusiasm pre- . veils. The two meetings already held have been : i splendidly attended and not a single dissentient , 'note has been raised. Up to quite recently a Liberal meeting at Latchford was almost " 1 unknown, but when Mr. Crostield opened his campaign at that end of the constituency : on Wednesday evening the, Parish Room , was filled with an audience which seemed , to thoroughly realize the gravity of the issues at stake and to be determined to resist the attempt to undermine Free Trade. Thursday's meeting in the Co-operative Hall, Winwick•street, was one of the finest ever held by the party in that quarter. ' A. Working class audience crowded the building to forceful sallied! dr e shadaddress ho ea d emaol ts most i th cordialth e 1 actl , I‘ifor. rc. overflowingreception. I two great issues on which the fight will turn Free Trade and Chinese labour and his views appeared to fully express the sense of the meeting. Free Prade he pointed out, gives British manufacturers an enormous advantage over Protectionist nations ' as owing to the unlimited supply of untaxed raw , materials which our present policy ensures, they : are able to produce more cheaply than their cone- ' petitors and beat them in the great neutral markets of the world. His authoritative information on t the exports of the cotton and soap industries were particularly convincing on this point. With regard to : Chinese labour, he showed that the system could ; only be accounted a species of slavery and that the roineowners' statements proved that they feared the political rights which British labour would demand. Mr. NV. Midden,who is an eloquent and convincing speaker, is rendering yeoman service . _ to Catln

_ the party. Coming from. a staunch Irish lobo his words should carry weight, particu- ly among his own community. The two meet- s form a happy augury for the success of cause, and there is every indication that husiasm will be maintained until the tight is

11

I

}1( ni .a,

'SO 111,

If it . .., ..,-'.4. ill _ .... ' 1 ,

ask the

. '

===== 0002601_19060106_art0137.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ny

===== 0002601_19060106_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Iless

===== 0002601_19060106_art0139.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ings

===== 0002601_19060106_art0140.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
the eat' woi

===== 0002601_19060106_art0141.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I' f

===== 0002601_19060106_art0142.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11,

r

===== 0002601_19060106_art0143.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i '-ii

T. 0(

===== 0002601_19060106_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
The foreign labour cry FOREIGN LABOUR. as raised against Mr. . Crosfield Warrington is amusing considering the source from which it emanates. 'ln the distorted vision of our Tory friends it looks horribly wrong .for the Liberal candidate to employ two or three expert foreigners in the development. of his business, and gloriously right for the late Tory Government to introduce 47,000 foreign (Ohinese) coolies into the South African mines in order that the Randlord may obtain manual labour at is. per day and raise his dividends to anything between 50 per cent and 200 per cent. The spectacle in Warrington must bea source of vast amesem i 3nt to the work- ingman fhe has any sense of humour. That he is likely to be turned from the really great issues before him by such petty personalities we do not for a moment believe. it must he as.plain to him as the nose on his fa that the Torie§ are hard-up for an election cry. They have no arguments to advance why Mr. Pierpoint and the remnant of a , party be represents. should be returned to power. Home rule has been raised as a bogey to frighten the electors with, hut they hay° been too impatient to look at it. Now it is "foreign " labour as emnloyed by Mr. Crosfield. The silly canard has been already exploded so far as Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Ltd, are concerned, and we don't see how the Liberal candidate is going to be saddled to any further extent with such a heinous crime. He nifty possibly have employed a foreign " " when golfing in France, but the difficulty of importing the Ecirlish variety on ta the French links must he held sufficient excuse. We have beard, ton, that Mr. Pierpoint, our own immacu- late member who finds so troech employment in the town, has been known to employ a " foreianer " to carry his luggage when on some interesting P xen rsion in Cyprus. The rumour may he false. We hope it is for the sake of the party which would be so humiliated by such a revelation in regard to the foreign labour for which it has suddenly developed a new-found hatred.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Never mind fairy tales about foreign labour. Vote for the man who will represent Warrington and not Cyprus. * * * We are getting nearer the light in other ways besides politically. On Wednesday, the earth reached its nearest approach to the sun. They were only 91,338,000 miles apart. * * Colonel Wyndham Quin,* the Tory candidate for South Glamorgan, has for a month pa•A been con- gratulating his audiences on the good already achieved by the Aliens Bill. It has just been pointed out that the Bill only came into operation on New Year's Day, and the Colonel is now feeling somewhat alienated ! * * *

"The coming election carries in its lap graver con-

.sequences than any election since 1852. Tbe nation has to say whether the food of the people shall be taxed,whether the lot of the poor and the unemployed, hard as it is, shall be made harder by iniquitous legislation in the interest of privileged classes."— Lord Welby. * * Mr. A. J. King, the Liberal candidate for the KnutsFord Division, is addressing meetings to-day , (Saturday) fit the schoolroom, Stratton, and the school- room Appleton, the first at 7 p.m. and the second at 7'3° P.m. The Chairman at the first meeting will be b Mr. John Darhyshire, and at the second, Mr. Henry Roerts,

* There MIR a case for the R.S.P.C.A. in Sankey-street on New Year's day. One pf the shining lights of the Junior Conservative Association was seen leading a , large collie dog, hali-stran,gled with the blue ribbons f J. .or a card bearing the touchino' inscription" Pierpoint or ever!' We know now why some Conservative canvassers appear to have no more persuasive power -than dumb beasts.

* * •Nolnithstanding, that Mr. Lloyd George has just been down to Carnarvon Boroughs and taken his con- stituency by storm, Mr, R. A. Naylor still perseveres with his candidature. Speaking at Bangor the other day he said : "At first I was ridiculed, then I was . abused and now lam threatened with serious bodily harm,'brit let me teltyon that I would face death for 'the working man." 'Bravo, R.A.N. ! You are braver 'than your initials Would suggest. . , *s* Mr. John Hodge, Labour candidate for Gorton : , They could not have an earthly paradise out of a fiscal pill, otherwise Russia would be happy. The earth is the Lords' and the fulness thereof —the House of Lords. Temperance reform won't come from brewers, land reform from' landlords, or freedom from the , privileged classes. * 5 5 Mr. Pierpoint Says he is a " party man " and de- `'ires to he a " party man." He speaks the truth abso- lutely here. During the fourteen year he has been in Parliament Mr. Piernoint has been nothing but a .4c Party man " pure and simple. The crack of the .1)411.Y whip has always brought him to heel, and be has recorded his votes always according to the dictates of Party. and without any consideration for the inter- ests of the electors of Warrington. *s* sistir4p.. Neilson, the opponent -13 of Colonel Kenyon- ,obl), In the Newport Division of Salop, will cora .''Y have made the most of the double-edged P•lHilent paid the Colonel by an enthusiastic IDMl)nfier of a vote of thanks. Speaking of the Member's long serv;ce, lie remarked: "The Colonel is no novice. He has had the advantage of twenty Yell's' work in the House of Commons. Now, there Is an old saying that Experienee makes even fools wise.,

* * * ‘.7hile Mr. Robert Pierpoint expresses at everyil opportunity his friendliness towarcb, his opponent,and: rejoices in the fact that the elections have always been contested " in good feeling, good fellowship, and without enmity," ernall-minded supporters of his, like Mr. J. J. Hands, run the " personal " ticket for all it is worth. We notice that Mr. Hands occupied half a column in last Saturday's " Observer" with a silly attempt to injure Mr. Crosficld through the remarks written in " Dawn "'over a year ago by dile sister. This is typical Tmy electioneering. Haviowr no argu- ments they throw mud. Consequently—more dirty The "Manchester Guardian" in reviewing, the 13r6sPects in the North Wales constituencies says of ~ a'nqrvon Boroughs : On this occasion Mr. Lloyd-:. iie°lQ2,,has oPronent of a --ery feeble type—Mr. u.i.a."laylor a Warrington business man, who is -cr;ilitt any: 'special qualification for representing a -Tr constituency, and who speaks about Free 3"e and Protection in a rambling fashion that Zeitss more anio,emoot than anything else. Mr. .111°:7(1-(1"orge, strong Nationalist and fighter as he is, aR received congratulations on his appointment to the Board of Trade from all parties, and there is "evel'Y reason to think that his maiority on this .occasion will be the biggest he has had."

===== 0002601_19060106_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CHAMBERLAIN ON OLD-AGE

• PENSIONS.

_ " Icnnw perfectly well "It wns a pronoaal, not lat for some years I have a promise."—April 21,1899, advocating a system 4+lrl-oy • J • age pensions. u y

1 nsk you to pledge "I have never in my piinve,lve,, to the ,grest life madeadeflmtePromise of tl?11)le tbatit is the duty of old-age pensions.". 1905 th, 0 State to provide for (Letters to Sir F. Milner.) Jo" veterans or industry IA it provides for the sd'.7_'ersrus of the Army and "Y."—lnly 2, 1892. My ola-are pension "Any universal scheme holds the field.— for giving pensions to "WY 16, 1892. everybody is beyond the resources of the State." —1899. Nry proposal, broadly, is so simple that anyone can nnrierstend it."--I.lnly 12, 1897,, 1 t wont to give facilities • _o working men—to all men, "What I promised was 'IY°! and to all women, to not universal old.age rlakeprovisionnaftioßt, their pensions, which I do not age."—May 3, 1894. believe in.—Sept. 29,1909. ; Oil Stoves, Coke Stoves, Lamps, &c.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, to 55, Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0147.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.1,114 4

===== 0002601_19060106_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
• LOCAL NEWS.

Incorporated Accountants' Examinations. Amongst those who passed the December preliminary examination of the Incorporated Society of Account- ants and Auditors, were Stanley Cobden Rathbone, Warrington, Joseph Wilkinson, Warrington. New Year's Gifts. Splendid New Stock.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st..Warrington.—Advt. Notice.

The Warrington "Examiner" is now published on Friday afternoon, pric,e one penny, and is on sale at the various newsagents at about 4 o'clock. Should any difficulty be experienced in getting the paper the proprietors will undertake to deliver a copy at any address in Warrington by 5 o'clock on Friday after- noon without extra charge. Address all communica, tions to" Examiner Office," Bewsey-street Warrington 1 Spiritualist Society. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of members of the Warring- ton Spiritualist Society was held on Sunday evening after the usual service, when the chair was occupied by the President (Mr. Stout.) The secretary and treasurer's reports which were 'satisfactory were approved. The election of officers resulted as follows : —President, Mr. Stout ; vice-presidents, Messrs. F. Childs, Moorey, Griffiths and Hopley : secretary, Mi. W. Massey ; treasurer, Mr. Hardman ; corresponding secretary, Mr. Hammond ; organist, Mr. Joel Foster ; committee, Mesdames Lawton, ! Croft, Parr and Hardman, and Messrs. Parr and Turner. UNDER Tam CLOCK for Good BOOTS.—Adst. '233 LAMES' BEST GLACE BOOTS ANC SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGII-STREET.-.-AdVt. Popular Penny Uoncerts. An excellent programme was submitted at the penny concerts at Bold-street Wesleyan schoolroom on Saturday when there was a large audience. Miss Lewis gave to mandoline solos in excellent style, and two songs were contributed by Mr. Thin. Mr. Clayton also gave with effect a selection. The humorous ele- ment was entrusted to Mr. It Scarisbrick, who was successful. An excellent feature of the concert was an exhibition of living pictures which was thoroughly enjoyed. The accompanist was Mrs. Foreman,

I abo

PUBLIC BENEFIT. UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCA.SIIIRE.—Advt. Galvanized Boofity, Shsets, Roofing Felts, ex. Large stock.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st., Warring ton.—Advt. Warrington Drowning Fatality. Mr. S. Brighouse, coroner, held an inquest at the Warrington Police Station on Thursday morning on the body of John Woods, aged seventy-four, of 234 Liverpool-road, whose body was found in the Sankey and St. Helens Canal, near Messrs. Clare and Ridg- way's shipbuilding yard, on Monday, The evidence showed that the deceased was last seen going to his work on Monday afternoon, and he then appeared in his usnal spirits. As he did not return, the police wore informed, and a search resulted in Police-con- stable Houghton finding his body in the canal.—A verdict of "Accidental death" was returned. PUBLIC BENEVIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt.

"The Queen's Christmas Carol." Mr. A. J. Thorp, Rowland Terrace, Manchester-road Warrington sent up a Christmas Carol to the "Daily Mail" " Queen's Christmas Carol Book." The contri- bution was not accepted, but the author has since received an autograph letter from Mr. Hall Caine, the celebrated novelist, in which he thanks him In- the contribution, and adds: "I am sure I might have made at least six books of equal merit with the book which has just been published out of the excellent contributions that were offered. by yon and others." ASTC for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL Vti'ATEßS.—Advt. ,

• Mr. Fred Podmore's Song Mr. Fred Podrnore's song "The Wondrous Cross " was sung with charming effect by Miss May Drew,at Mr. Joshua Dyson 's sacred .concert on Sunday evening last. The song was illustrated witb most appropriate lantern slides and was enhanced by a small orchestral accompaniment. Mr. Dyson, in addressing the crowded hall, spoke very highly of the composer and said that he felt certain that Mr. Fred Podmore, who is a local musician, would be a greit and successful composer. The song will be sung at similar concerts throughout the country. Iron Fencing of every description. Lowest prices.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge et., Warrington.—Advt.

Bank Quay Mission. • On Saturday evening last a social was held in the Bank Quay mission schixsAroom. An excellent tea was provided by Mr. and Mrs. David Hill, after which an interesting Iprogramme was gone through. Songs were rendered by Messrs.. Willett, Cook and Gitting,s. Mr. Hill, of Bolton, acted as accompanist, and several pianoforte solos were rendered in good style by him. The Crosfield Quartette party pleased all by their effective singing. A travelling bag was presented to Mr. Willett on the occasion of his marriage. Mr. G. Dale presided over the proceedings. Potrolenm Oil in barrels and drums delivered free.—.T. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, bridge st., Warring- ton.—Advt. Poor Children's Treat. - -

Through the generosity of a number of townspeople over 300 of the poorest children in the district were on Monday entertained to ten by the Sunday school teachers of the Wycliffe Coekhedge Mission. After tea a capital programme was submitted. Recitation; were given by Messrs. Phenix and Morgan, and Mr. Smith delighted the audience with selections on the nramaphone. Miss M. Senior sang "On the banks of Allan Water." Master R. McCollom caused much rTusement by his humorous songs, "The tramp," The horse the missus dries the clothes on " and " When father laid the carpet on the stairs." A pleasant gathering was brought to a close by heart cheers for the workers and subscribers. O' leal in; n the mission each child wael presented with a packet of sweets, art orange and a small cob of bread. ASH for CCINVCIGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS NIDGCRAL WATERS.—Advt. • St: Clement's Congregational Tea. The above annual event took place in St. Clement's mission schoolroom, Bank-street, on Wednesday even- incr. Tea was partaken of by a large number, the tables being presided over by the ladies of the con- eTecntion. The tables being cleared, the usual dance and entertainment was held.- A most enjoyable pro- gramme was gone through and consisted of instru- mental trios by the Misses Chesworth, and vocal items by the Choir quartette (Miss G. Jones and Messrs. Hardy, Jones and Hartree), Miss Amy Wilson, Miss Annie Warburton, Mr. Hartree and Mr. Jesse G-ay. One of tbo. features of the programme was Miss Warburton's rendering of " Snow " the music of which had been composed by Mr. S. Smith, the organist of the church. Mr. W. Pemberton supplied the music for dancing which was indulged in with zest till midnight. Up-to-date Fire Places.--I. S. GARLARD, 51 to 55, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Theft From a Warrington J.P. At Warrington on Thursday, 'John White, 19, Gas- Street, was charged with stealing from a cart in Golden-square a portmanteau containing numerous articles of clothing to the value of :CI3 is. (id., the property of Mr. J. Rymer Young, J.P. The Chief Constable said that on Wednesday a carrier from Lynun called at Mr. Yomtg's house in Palmyra-square to convey a portmanteau to Lymm. Another call had to be made by the carrier in Golden Grove-street, off Lyme-street. The man left his cart unattended, and when lie came hack the portmanteau was missing. In- formation was given to the police, and prisoner was apprehended by Superintendent Monaghan on suspic- ion. The offence was first denied, but a search at the house of prisoner's mother in Gas-street revealed the stolen property hidden in the boiler and other places The magistrates sent prisoner to gaol for six months with hard labour, and Superintendent MOriaghan was complimented for his smartness in the capture*

===== 0002601_19060106_art0149.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
!,,

===== 0002601_19060106_art0150.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
V

===== 0002601_19060106_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examinet, SatLydly, January 6, 1906,

-

manufactured goods. 2 per ty on corn, and 5 per cent duty oe food stuffs r.:ue bacsen and maize. As long as he holds to thi., r atectiaie policy It is wasting words to think of this risEst.han it is. Disguise it as you like it is Protection.,.n.l n thing else. The attraction that his Ickes .1 to many minds draws its strength horn two er three elementary errors First, that providiug of wait as an end in itself. Ssoond that the monist o • work to be dons in a country is a fixed quantity; and l This theory be true it follows should foreign made geods come in, they lessen the work to be ..lone,and shrel.. a foreigner come in and do coins of thE work, he taker one of the work and bread from some ),liish Tcqd;lar. Both these assumptions are erroneous, but upon these two rotten props Protection, now as ever, mainly rests. .If it were true that our object should be to make work, Protectionism would and should hold the (tell It is the ism that toschesthat waste work makes wealth. But it is not work we want, except in so far it procures us the products of work, and it is the want of apprecia- tion of the fact that work is only valuable as a means to an end which makes the confusion and difference between those who usually agree. If work were ,an end, then we might solve all difficulties by putting men to dig holes and fill them no again. This looks very absurd, but it only differs in degrees from the absurdity of diverting energy from trades which prosper without stimulus, into trades made prosnerous by alO per cent. duty. This duty is designed to make lus do for ourselves what other countries Cla do for us 'cheaper by 10 cent, and which they exchange for these things which it pays us better to make. The work spent in doing things which others are willing to do for us involves waste and the measure of that waste is roughly the tariff encouraging such waste. Mr. Chamber- lain referred to our imports of egos wad the eneoerage- meat it would give us to keep liens if his 5 per cent. 'duty were put on. I have tried my hand at egg produc- ing and after a great waste of energy managed to make £lOa year. If the sense energy had been put into leather making it would have produced ten thins the amount. Is it not better that we should build ships, weave cloth, tau leather, roll iron, than we should spend oar energies laying eggs—l beg the hens' pardon—l mean keening hens when other people such as those in llollend are willing to do this work for us ? But in taxing eggs Mr. Chamberlain taxes raw material, for I am informed that about one third of the eggs coming into this country are used in the manufacture of light leathers. This illustrates how difficult it is to draw a distinction between food which he desires to tax, and raw material which he desires to let in free.

A word about the idea that there is only a limited amount of work to he done and therefore we mast keep out foreigners from doing any share of it. This error is twin brother to the absurdity I have spoken of above. As long as h. foreigner does his share of work and by sa doing contributes to the wealth of the' country his presence is a national benefit. A foreigner does not devour the coin he gets as wages, he spends its a con- sumer, lie gives hisl labour, but unless the wealth he produces in ' the form of goods was more valuable to his employer than the money he gets he would not be employed. The wealth he creates is either. spent. or used as capital, which in its tarn employs further labour. ' The only class of foreigners we ought to object to are those who become a burden to society by not con- tributing thsir share to the work of national produc- tion.

—The lump of wark theory is altogether There is no limit to the desires of man, wealth creates desire, desire calls for %yogic to create the objects of desire. If the theory of &limited amount of work were true then every mtchine, every appliance to save work would be a curse. It is very singular that the same arguments which are used to buttress Protection (used by Arr. Chamberlain and all who follow him) were used by those who opposed the introduction of the power loom. There is nothing new in the present day Pro- tection arguments, they are as old as the hills and as false as they are old.

Tower 'Rouge, Tiecrgey, January 3rd, 1906.

ethical reasons, in the former as I shall presently show ingly by his rest and showed plenty of pace and dash the fine would go into the pockets of a combine. on the attack. His try was the best effort' of the thy. Let us suppose an ad valorem duty of 29 per cent. Oil Widdeson this tine crossel over to the left wing, but soap. A quantity of American snap in a Liverpool the result wts the Same—all the passing went the bonded warehouse invoiced at 2253 C.i.f. could not other way. So' meday, I suppose, we shall get half- change hands without the buyer paying 2231 to the owner and a fine of ID to the Gevernment. v • n backs and centres who have suer-eat cleverness to An equal quantity of soap of like quality from our keep both wings geing whoa an attacking position has Liverpool works would therefore have a better chance been gained. A trial was given to a young local of finding a purchaser at £290. Vet lied this sine soap, Player named Bramhtll, who did by no means badly been for export we could have invoiced it F.o.b. at less in the full back position. There was again a notice- ' than the eno (seeing that the price of the American able weakness in the half-back pesitiou, where Lloyd included insur Ince and freight.) The probability is was lacking in originality. that in at least 999 cases out of 1,011 the consnmer chooses --- to be robbed to the tune of 210 by the belie soap manufacturer rather than to ply 250 to the Govern- • The NAL " International " at Wigee on If 'achy moot. The nett result of 1,039 such transactions is was more of a farce thtn anything else. Serious therefore .£39,603 to swell the diyideuds (and incideet- football was conspicuous by its absence, partly owing ally infletre the capital) of some zealously pertiotic body to the hardness or the ground and Dank °miae. to of tariff reformers—in Protected countries they are. very affectionatell known WHIM' th 3 sveet !limes of the eehibition nature of the game. Fish, Heckenh all syndicates. trusts, combines and certels-219,G39 thee (Eagland) and Shugare and Thomas (.T.ationtlitiee), to the trust and £l9 to—shall we SIV-11'11.trep)roiong ? re 'resented the Warrington Club in the match, and Thus protected by Protection from outside competi. all did well with the exception of Fish, who was tion the producers can combine to fix both price and anything but a "star." He started in very lecke- quality, and the Protection Free Trade new gives to the daisical fashion, and within ten ininute3 hid_ developed consumer is lost. All that is needed now is for these a pronounced "limp "which seemed only to be aggra- the carters d'iabtxtrie to pool the profits and see that the valid by attention. Before half-time he had retired, general public shares none of the e-cmorniee. Every fituirmers into a monopely, From that moment no irnorovement in a and though he came ol again after the interval it was: industry is or:3lin d by its leading only tor a moment and he then left the field for gooet• process, no chetpening of the raw predict, accident I never saw an apperently clearer case of "old soldier. of over-production loring3 any relief to the over- Hockenhall played redly good football, and pissed burdened censerner. The coal whine is woa in. excess out to his threequerters with a smertaess and precision of Gamin rternands (to take an instance) or rather in altogether foreign to him when playiag for Warring- exeeee of what their countrymen can aff 'write buy at ton. As a specteble, however, the game was a big the arbitrary prices the cartel demands, which coal disappointment, only one try being scored by each represents so 'mush earplug energy expendedloy the toil- ing There mass of German miners, this. excess coal is sold abroad at a loss, rather than distributed for the benefit No reputations were enhanced that I coald see of German industries and the comfort of the German people, as it would be if the whole output were offered in the home market at a mire rnederate price. Thus during the coal famine several years rage coal went up to 18s. Id. in Girrntar. while it was being exported to Austria at 81. 7NI. That was an extreme case, but on several recent occasions there has been a discrimination in favour of the foreigner to the extent of Gs. to is. per ton with hatter' thrown. in. Tales the operations of the Rhenieh West- phalian coal synlicite for 1909. I have calculated that 'if the price charged to German consumers was fair the syndicate lost by its foreiga trade .£252,622, (being the difference between an average price of 10.70 nyarks charged to Germans and 9.82 charged to foreigner-) on an export of 5,861,978 metric tons) i.e. nrvie a present. of that amount to the foreigner. If on the other head their foreign quotation gave a margin of profit—how- ever stnelle-they charged 'B3 marks ectrt per ton on 52,090;193 tons sold in Germany, thus defrlieltray the general community and crinoline the commerce of the Fatherland to the tune of .£1,211,123 stg. The truth of course lies between these two results but, necesstrily much nearer the latter. Steel rails again, which could be delivered at 90 marks F.o.b. in Antwerp, cost the German state railway more than 120 marks per ton and so on usque ad neeseera. The same tale is told of all protected trades in all'countries which are unprotected by freedom of trade. Aid the bribery and corruption of Press and Parliament. the conflicts and collusions of the trusts and the thon3and and one other temptations to dishonesty offered be the enor- mous rewards of successful fiscelis alert and we have a picture of the most attractive ! From all these things Heaven deliver us! Of course we are told that Englald will know how to defend herself against soh evils. We have a pure legislature, an ineerritotible Bench and a healthy public opinion. Paeliameet would impose proper reetrictions,etc, etc. to all which I would merely say "Opportunity makes the thief." and " gels custodient custodes " ? For myself I think it will be found that human nature is the same here as elsewhere.. Aleetdy, even under Free Trade conditions end without the help of a tariff, we sea a number of senclicates formed and ins dominating position. The tendency in the press is very noticeably in the same direction, and it is not without its signincence that two or the greatest of these newspaper conahinetione are strongly supporting the fiscal ceemeign. One hears from time to time of another Free Trade paper acquired by one of these syndicetee rani converted to Proteetion. it is quite evident therefore that our free and incorruptible I press; far from beige, when the time comes, 'any guarantee against swindling is already preparing itself to nrofit by the opportunity. If I have succeeded by these oheervations in showing Mr. Gandy that his argavrisrit is hasni On arnieola- ception of the weird Protection and have induced him to pause and give this Trestiol e reconsideration. I shall not regret the time and trouble spent in answering his.ceurteeus letter.—Nroars, etc., K. E. MARKEL.

• The League table up-to-date is as follows : 'For. Agst. Per- ; • • P. W. L. D. P. G. T. P. G. T. P. centage Oldham 2O 16 3 1 3.1 29 59!221 15 9 57 82-50 ; Hunslet l6 13 3 0 211 36 4.3 192 718 63 8125 Tlro'ton Rl7 13 4 0.23 23 GG 251 16 18 86 76.47 18 IL 2 52723 28 130 13 9 53 75.00 Leigh . Leeds ; • Salford lB 12 6 02130 49 207 18 15 81 7058 ;. ilud'asld l6 10 4 22217 31 136 11 15 67 66.75 Hull l. R2O 12 6 22622 26 122 26 25 127 6342 ' Runsorn Bradford l7 10. 5 22230 52 216 17 21 97 6170 I Keighley l7 11 6 02217 39 121 17 23 101 6470 ; Wigan I St. Helens 15 9 6 01823 31 148 20 21 103 6000 Svinton l7 9 7 11921 27 121 16 21 ,95 5538 I Wak'field Tls 8 7 31922 22 110 21 31 135 5277 I Hull ; Warrington 21 911 11925 29 117 19 27 119 45.23 York lB 710 115 23.18 103 20 29 127 4163 ' Pontefract 16 6 9 1 1:1 21 21 118 21 25 121 4062, I Bramlev ICastleford lO 3 6 1 710 6 38 16 26 110 35.00' I Dawsbnry 29 613 11313 21 83 21'35 157 34'21 Barrow 16 412 0 8; 717 65 36 GI 253 25001 Widnes- 13 2 9 2 6 2 9' 31 13 28 114 21.07. Itforecatub.e 13 210 1 510 18 74 22 42 170 29-81' Batley l6 212 2 617 4 46 25 30 143 18-75 RochdaleErlB •1 13 4 610 17 71 21 54 211 16.66 Millom ll. 1 9. 1 311 9 49 25 43 177 1500 Normanton 14 111 2 4 4 2 14 23 35 157 14.23 Brighonseß 1.5 0 13 2 2 9 5 39 29 52 214 7.14 ITne points are two for &win and one far a draw. The , percentage is calculated upin the basis of the total ;Ipoints possible.

There ought to be a fine gime at Warrington to-day when Leeds mike their annual visit. As a rule they play excellent foothill, and for s nne years now have been one of the mist powerful teams in Yorkshire. This season they have done particularly well, and along with Oldham.and Haaslet are strong, challengers for the championship of the League. They will be keen on winning, but there ought to bs no possibility of that if the homesters show anything like pr3per form.

The Warring`.en team will be: Knight, full back ; Fish, Jones, Kenyon and Harris, threegnarters ; llockenhall and Lloyd, halfbacks; Preston, Boardman, Thomas, Shugars, Jolley, Swift, Harmer aind Belton. lam rather Surprised Lloyd is selected, for he has done nothing to justify it, and moreover seems to have completely upset Hackenhall's form. Widdesen is _first reserve.

There is no "A." team match to-day. Perhaps a rest will do the second string goxl, for they nearly snstlined their first defeat on Saturday at the hands of the Rangers " A.." The game was one of the poorest which.the juniors have put up at Wilderspool.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

CORRESPONDENTS are particularly requested to send letters intended for Friday's " Esaminer " not later than Thursday morning.

" Free Trade Converts."

Sir,—Mr. Pierpoint is reported to have said at the Tory meeting that selected him as candidate last weeo "he did not know of a large business man who hak ' left Toryism for Free Trade doctrines." I could givd Mr. Pierpoint several loaol instances of business men who whilst being" Unionists " were nevertheless Free Traders and intended to vote that way too. To go further afield what about the Right Eion.Baron Ritchie (one of the soundest business men in the late Tory cabinet) who, rather than support Protection fallacies, seceded from the Government ? • Then there is Mr. Frank Calvert. J.P„ of Preston who resigned the chairmanship of the Conservative club on account of Free Trade views. Mr. Calvert is a large manufacturer and prominent Churchman. Mr. Pierpoint quotes Mr. Chamberlain as a keen business ram but forgot to mention he made his business and profits under a Free Trade system. No, I am afraid our late member is wide of the mark when he thinks there are no promi- nent Tory business men identified with Free Trade.— Yours, &c., QUILOOK.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. F. Monks and Free Trade.

Sir,-11r. F. Nlonks' attempt to minimise the import- ance of the Fiscal issue a the forthcoming election will have mnissed its mark. and is hardly worthy of himself. I would recommend to his consideration the proverb which says, " Vain is the snare of the fowler, set in the sight of any bird." The questions which he asked of the P trlia,mentary candidates were three in number, but the most moment- ous question before the country,viz Toe Fiscal question, was sandwiched between the other two as if it were of minor importance. Yet this very question arose in a quarter from which it might have been least expected if previous professions and declarations were to have any weight, rand it has been distinctly heard again and again by its self-constituted missionary, that it was to have precedence over all others, because this country's very existence as a manufacturing and commerical country, &penes on the verdict. The two candidates have. replied. One, Mr. Pierpoint's he Beeman quite satisfied with because it meets his wishes. The other, Mr. Crosflela's he finds fault with because it does not meet his wishes. One of the grounds of his complaint is that Mr. Crosfield naturally casts a doubt on his constancy to his formerly professed con- victions, at which Mr. Monks protests. Bat those who have known him for upwards of 30 years as I have, hav- ing regard to his public utterances, and to the attitude he nOw assumes, will conclude that like the Dlayer queen in" Hamlet,"" He doth protest two much." I anal not concerned to vie..v. the question from a party standpoint. I frilly agree with the self constituted missionary of so called Tariff Reform, that it is a national one, which ought to be considered apart from party, and that anyone with a spark of patriotism left in his constitution will sink all others in its favour. But these tariff reformers seem now to be afraid of the apparition that their leader has raised, and as this was a "red herrin"dravyn across the trail of another question so they now seek to draw yet another red-herring across thetrai lof this. But the electors will not be so easily hoodwinked.

atr. Aionto says he is a thorough Free Trader, but he understands Free Trade to mean, free to exports as well as to impnrts,therehy implying the worn out,threadbare charge that the deciples of Cobden, are not thorough, but one sided Free Traders. I ens tempted to ask," is Saul also among the prophets ?" But he says further that he is old enough to remember that" this was what the advocates of Free Trade intended." He is then another clairvoyant and knows better what they in- tended than they knew themselves. He then goes on to say," In those days tariffs were for revenue only, and both Cabden and Bright honestly believed that tariffs would be abolished as the world came to see the advan- tage of the free exchange of commodities." 1 claim to know something of the work of these two men and the advocates of Free Trade in general, but I have not seen nnythat would lend me to the conclusions as to th sir intentions that Mr. Monks now declares. I shall there- fore be glad if he will give his warrant or authority for saying that the advocates of Free Trade intended the adoption of free exports as well as free imports. Further " that tariffs in those days," that is, before the abolition of import duties, and the adoption of what he would now call " one sided" Free Tr ide, " were for revenue only," and also that Cabden and Bright. and the Free Tracie League sought the abolition of tariffs all the world over,—Yours faithfully, A. RATHI3ONE. The Mount, Grappenhall.

A Working-man on the Political Situation. Sir,—Now that the G me•al Election i 3 almost upon us. we shall he sunplied with political speeches from our own p'rty and from those who oppose us. I think the first ditty of every worker is to take a look hick at the condition of things as they hwe been this last ten rears and consider the treatment that the'rank and file have receisred from the Tory party. It doss not need a University man to sea how they hive degrade I the best traditions of the House of C1M111)1:1S—!low they have lowered its dignity and brought a ()lend over that Wane which, above gany other, Ought Ito be most pure. And then if we consider the enormous expenditure of tho late Government without much direct benefit to the working class we, the unletter .d part of the population are lied to exelaim : who is the strongman that will stand in the bretch and help? We are proud that we to-city find a saviour of the country in Sir H. Cimphell-Bennerman and a loysl and earnest follower in Mr. A. H. Crosfield. _

When we thinic of the present Government there is nothing in their position that warrants us to fold our arms and take Our ease, because the battle has yet to be fought. They remind me, sir, of an ineldent th it I read or ashort time ago. which hippenel at one of the large railway stations in Lenion. A little urchin bent on a little fun went up to the guard of a Continental train and slid to him rather linrriedlY " Please, sir, there are two men travelling ire on your train without tickets." The guard, noble fellow, bent on his employer's interest. went from carriage to carriage the whole length of the train without verifying what his youthful informer had told (who by this time had found for any emergency a safe way out). He went back to the lad and said" Where are those two men that you told me were travelling on my train without tickets? When the lad had got a safe 'distance away from the guard he shouted out "'Oa the engine, man !" There i a similarity I think between the two men on the engine and the present Government. They are driving the train (if you allow that expression) but they haven't got tickets—but we the great party of advance and reform are counting the day when it will be our Pleasing, and to the workers of this country a 'very important duty to go to the poll with no uncertain mind and give by our individual vote to Mr. A. FL Crosfleld, not only a first class ticket but a storming majority that will at any rate mike him our honoured representative. From our experience of him we can trust him to do his ' duty—but in the meantime, Sir, we as working men need to band ourselves togetheraspolitical missionaries —and if we cannot stand up and make an acceptable platform speech we can find ourselves am mg our equals and by what little political knowledge we have try to persuade men (if persuasion is needed) to he staunch and true on the great battle ground of liberty ; and also advise them not to part with their birthright which has been dearly bought. Bye-the-bre while I am writing this T have had to give a five minutes' lecture to a person who came to solicit my vote on behalf of the Tory candidate. The first thing I told him was that I did not know Mr. Pierpoint and that all the time he has mis-represented me I havl only heard him once say a few very nice things—when he brought that g-eat liaminsry Mr. Boner Law to help a lame dog over thestile. But I have the satisfaction of believing that what was said to the canvasser will bear fruit. for T made him admit before he went away that their's was a lost cause and that he believed we needed a change. . .

I believe there is 3 grest wave of public opinions beating upon us—and the democracy are brosthless to see better days ! We are full of hope that the Liberal Government will be returned by a msjority that will place it above disaster and enable it to bring about those reforms and redresses thstare so much needed and for which we have long looked for in vaia.--Yoars &c., HOPEFULL.

Some "Elementary Errors." sir,—in the hurly-burly of a political election there is great danger of our thoughts being drawn away from Principles and taken up with plltry personalities and irrelevant issues. It is worth while ever and again to shut out these personalities and calmly to revert the underlying truths which whatever be the outcome of the present day Conflicts. must ultimately determine the issue. Mr. Chamberlain with g,rett enthos;asm and force still advocates his 10 par cent protective duty on

===== 0002601_19060106_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S "MAYFAIR" BISCUITS. A NEW BISCUIT FOR AFTERNOOX TEA.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
CaARII,ES E. PARKER, Panketh, Jtrurtry I, 1903. Messrs. Crosfiall ani "FOr3ig3 Labour"

Sir,—The planards v ismed in the name of the Conservative Party will I think—or ought to be repudiated by all intelligent, and self-respecting mem- bers of that party, who cannot fail to deplore that tactics of this nature should have been introduced into the political arena. Nay more, they will realise that a blunder has been committed, and one so grave that it cannot hilt° recoil upon their own party. They will observe, too, that it is an attempt to 'delude the ignorant portion of the public, for they know from recent events that their party at least should be the last one to raise the cry of "foreign labour." 1 shall not attempt to go deeply into this matter of " foreign labour "at the moment, but say that I trust I am broad-minded enough—aye—even imperially trne- minded enough to welcome the type of foreigner which is employed at !ilessrs. Croslield s works. Nay. more, I say Welcome ! Thrice welcome I" to the foreigner of the Dr. lafarkel type in Warrington. For is it not closely to be perceived that, the town has already bene- fited in several ways from his life in onr midst? But as a matter of fact the British nation—especially the Enrzlish portion of it—like the great American nation, shook! lan among the last nations in the world to o *Eat to " foreigners. Those who are familiar with the history of this country are aware that the English ancestry in its essentials is a foreign one and thatto maat of these foreign ancestors we owe what is bott in British lire, home and character.

..„ ..„ Is it not a fact, thet there is scarcely an art, a craft or is trade—nay, what is more vital even our relieion and our laws, which have either been introduced or been taught us by is " foreigner " ? The truth of the matter is, for anyone to object to a " foreigner," solely on tha ground that he is a " foreigner," is so very ahsur 1 that the person who does so, is either a very ignorant person, or a vary ridiculous one. , Tao placards too, to use a simile apeear to partake of " stone throwing nature." Now iS it not true that the Crosfield family is about the last family in Warrington that any member of the pahlic should attemet to "throw a stone at;?" Young as I am, yet lam old enough to remember, that the Crosfield faintly have shown more public spirit " than any other family in Warrington. In this matter of" public spirit" heve they net been a bright eximple to others ? " Honour be to whom honour is due" is a trite saying. Should we hesitate to acknowledge it I remember that the late Mr. George Crosfield gave £9,009 towards the purchase of the first Warrington Park,and many other gifts to the town—the late Mr. John Croslield, along with bther members of the family gave several thousands of pounds to the Warrington Infirmary and other institutions, to say nothing of building sehools and contributing and assisting, both publicly and privately in a handsome mariner to all sections of the Christian Charch irrespestive of creed or party. And we know that Mr. Arthur Crosfleld is following and will follow, whether he he elected or not.in this r;ienect, worthily in their footsteps. He would not be a "true Crosfield" if he did not. Is it not else known that the Cresfield's assisted by the" foreigners" have so arranged the conditions of labour at their works, that in rattly respects they are. considered to be "bright examnles " and a Pattern to other employers of labour in Begland and have been so held up and aeknewlegai in other towns? In conclusion may I say that in my ()ninon it is pitiable when any party—whether it be Liberal. Labour or Conservative—deliberately stoops in the attempt to misconstrue actions which are beneficial in order to entice votes—for in the figurative words quoted last week by Mr. Ilearyßoberts " lie who c vises a bledo of grass to grow wherelinone grew before" is a benefactor to mankind, (Led in this respect these few "foreigners " employed at Messrs. Crostiold's works are benefactors to the people of Warrington.—Yours faithfully, ANGLO SAXON. The Meaning of Protection. Sir,—Mr. Gandy's letter is at first sight so 55 cons and his honesty is at the same time so evident that it is a pleasure as well as a ditty to continue this discussion. With his remarks on the Education side of the question I do not propose at present to deal ; they are SO com- plete a non-sequitur that I nun forced to believe either that h 3 11,1 e misunderstood ma or that there has been a misprint. But with the first part in which he resumes my argamen',l c in flirt ne fa Ili-, fir lie his dune ITIP the justice of using my own words, and by those words I am willing to steel or fall, lint what does Mr. Gandy mean by sayiny " Now I don't think Dr. Markel could give a better illustration of the benefits of Protection?" I have so much faith in his faltiness that I feel sure he will not object to being a little more precise. Mutual protection tinder Free trade is one thing ; Fiscal Pro- tection (capital P) is quite another matter. Which does he mean? As to the former we seem to be agreed that it is not only allowable but even nocessary,as much among manufacturers as among workmen, provided it be for proper ends. Take the specific instance, I con- tended that manufacturers were justified in combining to Ile a standard price so as to protect the consumers from deterioration of quality rind their workmen from low wages. They agree to forego certain advan- tages in the game so as to lift the game into is higher level. This is particularly necessary in soap where it is almost impossible for the public tie protect itself by guarantees of purity. but it does not follow that the producers are relieved of competition. A game of billiards may be spot-harried but there is still room for play, and in like manner there is enough competition among our English firms to keep up the qaality of the product. But if home competition were insufficient for this rvirp use or if the manufacturers combined to fix not merely it price lantalso a relatively low quality, there is nothing under our Free Trade system to prevent foreign manufacturers from offering us a better article at the price or as good an article at a less price. Thus by Fret; Trailc the general body of the public is vrot del from combinations made to advance sectional interests. With the introduction of Protection (with a big Pi all this would of course he changed. The tax upon the imported commodity would be included in the price to the consumer who would thus be fined for every perchase he made of a foreign prod action, exactly in the same way as we are fined for every glass of beer we drink and every pipe we smoke, but with this di fferenee that whereas in this latter case the fine goes to the revenue, arid more or less for

===== 0002601_19060106_art0156.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19060106_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. Rugby Football. [By "Ovalist."j

Warrington have started the Nev. Year with a victory. I hope I am justified in considering this a • hopeful augury, for their form during the four con- cluding months of the past year has been too bad to be true. They have shaped more like wooden-spoonists than cup-holders, and the gates have suffered in con- sequence. lam not betraying a very profound secret when I say that the receipts for many of the first-team matches this season have only been half what they were in, the corresponding firtures -a year ago. Injuries to men like Fish, Dickens m, and Isherwood' have had alot to do with this " falling off," but they are not wholly responsible. The men who remain have not shown the ability which they undoubtedly possess, and in point of play are hardly recognisable this season when compared with last. There is a want of enthusiasm too in League matches, which bodes ill for the position of the Club when the programme is completed.

Warrington finished up the old year with about their worst exhibition. They had an excellent chance of success at Broughton where the home team was handicapped by the absence of both centres, but the crude notions of attacking which the Warrington men showed Bayed the Mangers from any serious fears. The passing was atrocious from the halves to the centres, with the result that the wings were mostly Hockenhall and Lloyd certainly don't hit it off, and it was difficult to say which was the worse of the two on Saturday. Both played vary poor football. On the opposing side Sam James was, as US ual, a host in himself. He opened out the gime in fine style, and if the home team had not been so weak at centre, Warrington must have been severely beaten. As it was the total was only 7-0 which is one of the smallest scores recorded at Broughton this season.

There is one eKtennating and remarkable circum- stance to be urged on Warrington's behalf. Less than five minutes from the start the Rangers were in the Warrington quarter, and Sam James secured the ball. He, rounded the "serum" when the whistle suddenly sounded and the Warrington men eased up. James went on, no opposition being offered, and , grounded behind the posts. Then the music started, so to speak. The Warrington men appealed or bloc. , A whistle had certainly been blown at the critical moment. Even the referee admitted it and walked to the rails to try and discover the offender. 'No use of • course. The try was allowed and a goal added. I don't say that it should not have been, but I think the referee might justifiably have ordered the game to be re-started seeing that only about four minutes had ' elapsed. Anyhow, it was a piece of hard luck for the , Warrington men, and the mischievousness of it should be brought home to the Broughton ollicials., Rumour hath it that this is not the first time on which a , mysterious whistle has unaccountably sounded at Wheater's Field.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
Hockey.

Stockton Ileathplaced another gond victory to their credit on Saturday last by defeating Brooklands by 4-2. It is true that the Brooklands' team isdoing very badly this season, but as Stockton were minus five of their regular first eleven players and had to visit Brook- lands, the victory proves the worth of their second eleven substitutes.

The chief feature of the match was the brilliant dis- play of R. Pierpoint in the centre, and it is not say- ing to much, when one gives to this player the chief credit of the victory. The goals were-scored by W. Carter 1, T. Day 1, R. Pierpoint 2.

The second eleven although badly handicapped, had the assistance of W. H. Banks, and Eric Faiiclough,and as these two players scored all the goals got by the home side, Banks 1, Fairclough 1, it is a good thing they turned out.

On Monday Mr. P. B llawtin's side played a game with the " Royal Club," but the frosty ground was all against scientific play, and took half the pleasure out of the game. The final score was Mr. Hawaii's side 2, Royal 0.

For the Royal, Blndloss was far and away the best player, whilst the brothers Plinston also showed good form. Mr. Hawtin's side were hest represented by W. Richardson, R. Pierpoint and H. Dolan, the inside right scoring both goals. Record for 1905. Goals.

P. W. D. L. for agst. Stockton Heat tt I. 13 ... 10 ... 1— 9... 41-11 Stockton Heath U.— 13 ... 6 ... 0— 7... 21-27

This week Stockton Heath play Timperley I and 11, and provided the ground is in a favourable condition, a good game ought to be seen. The first eleven will have the assistance of E. E. Woods after an absence of eleven weeks, and a.; they play at home they ought to just gain the day. The second eleven go to Timperley who are one of the best sechd elevens in the North. They will do well to draw.

First Eleven v. Tirnperley (on Aroley Cricket ground) : R. G. Pierpoint, goal ;E. E. Woods and E. Pierpoint, backs ; J. G. Hatton, H. Kirkcounell and Eric Fairclouzh, halves ; T. Day, W. Richardson, \V. H. Banks, R. Pierpoint, and H. Dolan, forwards. Bully- off, 2.30 prompt. Referee, W. Carter.

Second Eleven v. Timperley (away): F. G. E:ertland, goat; P. B. Ilawtin and B. Si!cock, backs : J. Hough- ton, E. Jones and B. GuPst, halves ; W. Linnell, S. Baxter, H. Owen, W. Howard, and A. Hodgkinson, forwards. Train leaves Arpley Station 1.12. Referee, N. W. Bellamy.

Sale" A " played at Latchford on Saturday last and the match resulted in a win for the home team by two goals to one. Although Sale were the first to score in the first half Latchford had most of the game and at one period penned th 3 visitors in their own circle for about a quarter of an hour. The home tarn, however, were weak in shooting and could not add the finishing tonchas, otherwise their score ought to have been added to very materially. Knight eqnalised, the score at half-time reading one goal each. The second half also proved fairly even. Latchford maintaining their slight superiority. This they turned to account as they added another goal to their score, which proved to he the last and winning point. Special mention ought to be made of the Sale left full-back, who played a , splendid game and was largely responsible for the score against them not being heavier.

These fluky five points comprised the only scare until five minutes from time, when Poole dropped a fine goal, and it is very probable that giver, a fair chance the Warrington inea would have, at least, i shared the points. The defence on both sides was Latchford "A" v. Sale Moor was played at Sale on Saturday last. The visitors turned out with a very superior to the attack. What he had to do, Fish did . weak and disorganised team and as was to be expected well, but he did not look for work, and his want of were easily defeated by S goals to nil. The Man' fitness told against him when he had a clear course to chester papers made a mistake, however, when giving the line on one occasion. As usual Widtleson never the result, as they stated " Latchford" instead of had a pass, and even the Broughton supporters corn- Latchford "A." This is rather misleading hence the mented on the fact. They have abi reason for opinion of the r mentioning it. little man and would have liked to see him busier. In This week Latchford play Bankfleld at Bankneld. this match Knight showed a great falling off from Team—let Eleven : W. Unsworth, goal : R. Hallows previous form and was not to be compared with and C. Hale, backs: W. B. Cobb, J. B. Wilkinson and Poole. ; A. EL Rathbone, half-back ; J. Callan, E. F. Cliffe, D. --- ^ 1 Knight W. Knight, snd I R Conway, forwards Train

On Monday, Warrington put a very Scratch team leaves • the Conti:al' Station at 1.5.. 2nd Eleven at in the field to avenge the Club on Dewsbury. As is Latchford. Team : E. Jones, goal : S. Unsworth and often the case, the reserves gave a lively exhibition .TAlbinson, hacks ; J. Wilkinson, G. li. Heald and D. and were quite too good for the Yorkshire team. Grounds. Travis, h a Ifibacitcria;nldVe.r H. Id' iciresillkei iWtfbinerrtwolnae`.. Right from the commencement the Warrington men , Bally-oft 2.30. showed plenty of dash and tries were selred by I Harris, Preston, Kenyon and Harmer, while the --.41.--..... visitors could not manage a single point. The defeat 1 PRIZE VOR SOAP PURCHASERS. by six points to five at De xsbury was thus amply ' A unique offer of prizes is made to purchasers of the repaid. 1 ! new toilet soaps of the Bristish Empire Soap Co. Ltd.. --- which are now on sale. According to this scheme. , Perhaps the best display en the home side was there will be a first prize of £lOO in cash, ten prizes of d Zl• !given by Harris, who seemed to have profited exceed. 5.30, twenty of £5, fifty of .E 2 an one hundred of 1 .

===== 0002601_19060106_art0159.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_19060106_art0160.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_19060106_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMING OF 19D6.

A few second 3 after midnight on Sanity the silence lof the "mystic " hour was broken by the sound of ' Cauret be:ls ringing in merry peals combined with the 'discordant hooting of works " buzzers," the shrill ear- splitting shriek of r tilway locomotives and the deep sonorous notes sounded by vessels passing along the great waterway between Liverpool and Manchester. Titus WAS the coming of 1903 heralded locally and right royal was the welcome extended. Weary watchers, their vigil over, hastened to exchange the heartiest greetings and to wish friend and stranger alike a happy and prosperous new year.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
WITCH-NIGHT SERVICES.

‘Vatch-night services were held at a number of local churches and at ea3h, as midnight approached the con- gre4ations couli nit f.til to b 3 impressed with, a sense of the solemnity of the occasion.

ST. PAUL'S CEIURCEI. A watch-night service was held at St. Paul's at ll p.m., at which there was every largo congregation. The service W. 13 conducted by the Vicar and his colleague, the ItM,. R. H. 83V1700, The Vicar preached from the words " Par the Son of Mtn is COMB to seek, and to save that which was lost." A few minutes before twelve o'clock the congregation engage i in silent prayer, and then the bell tolled the hour. When the New Year dawned the preicher wished all present" A very happy and prosperols New Year." A collection was made on behalf of the Warrington Enarraary and the District Nursing Association, £7 being realized.

BOLD-STREET. The service at Bold-street Wesleyan Church was con- ducted by the Rev. Joseph &fuming, who chose for his text " Then I want down to the potter's house' and, behold, he wrought a work on the wheels. And the vessel that he made of clay was marred in the hand of the potter: so he made it again another vessel as seemed good to the potter to make it." The rev. gentleman addressing a large congregation. The text taught them a great truth. There was a consciousness that the best had not been made of life, that the things they had longed for had not been reachei. There was the gospel of hope for those who had failed, and God gave them another chance. The new year might be what God needed it to be. He was able to remould them and shape tliern. If they served Him life might become what He meant it to be. The hand of mercy was stretched out to save them. Let them yield to the hand of God that their life daring the new year might be like the vessel shaped by the hand of mercy. A collection was taken in aid 'of Dr. Stevenson's home.

WYCLIFFE CHURCH. The Rev. John Yonge condncted the watch-night service at Wycliffe Church at, which there was a large attendance. In a brief addre=s which be delivered he said there were many subjects to which reference might be made at the close of the old year. When 1905 began two of the greatest empires of the world were at deadly strife, but now peace had been brought about and one, at least, was enjoying the fruits of peace in all calm- Less and delight. The great empire of Russia, about which we all read day by day, was torn by revolution and anarchy. In our own land, too, the year had been eventful in more ways than one. We had recently witnessed a change of Government in the country and we were now on the eve of a great: political contest. In our own town the year had been eventful—eventful particularly in the number of people who had passed away in death, some of them very swiftly and suddenly. In their Wycliffe community it had been a memorable year in a similar way. He had been there 29 years, and he did not know any year in which death had been so busy, so that their sympathies would go out to the many families amongst them who harl saffered loss. Now the year was ending ; they were about to start afresh. Did it strike them that it was an opportune moment to further open their hearts to God ? Would it not be a blessed wty of ending the year now passing, and a splendid way of beginning the year they would soon be welcoming, if they surrendered their heart and soul to God ? Mr. W. J. Barnes sang excellently " Pray, brethren, pray," Mr. Payton presiding at the organ. The passing of the year was spent in silent prayer, and 1901 welcomed with the hearty singing of" Forward be our watchword."

GOLBORNE STREET BAPTIST CHURCH. There was a large congregation at Golborne-street Baptist church on Sunday night the service at 11.15 opening with the hymn" 0 God, our help in ages past." An appropriate sermon was delivered by the Rev. H. Minnie° who based his remarks on the text.. "lint that the world might know that I love the Father and as the Father gave me commandment, even so I do. Arise let us go henna," The preacher at the outset des- cribed the circumstances under which the words of the text were written. They had now, as a congregation, come to the end of the year in which all the dissppoint- , ments.victorie3 and defeats were fast disappearing, and another year of mystery and darkness was coming into view. It was, therefore, appropriate for them to con- sider the words " Arise, let us go hence." If they ex...ainined the verse carefully they would find ' that there were two things in it—the purpose of the summons—a call to go hence. \\That was the call? A call to endurance, suffering, obedience, and revelation. Perhaps some of them might not agree with him when he said th,t when Christ came into the world He did not understand the purpose for which He had done so. It was a revelation to Him afterwards. He was born in Bethlehem, and as He grew up into a youth the great mission dawned upon Him fully, and right through life He felt he had come to do la certain work, and that the one supreme purpose of His life was duty, and never once did he fail to fulfil that duty. Toe preacher commented upon the words, erefurance, sti tforing, obedience and revelation, and said that if they wanted to save their fellow men and serve them —he the preacher) did not care what sphere it was in—the price was suffering endurance, obedience. The words of the text were not " Arise lind go hence," but" Let us "go hence. That meant the companionship of Jesus Christ, who said," La, I ant with you always, even unto the end of the world." They NvA re apt to forget that Christ was their companion, and how many took him into the factory, the workshop, and the counting-house ? They did not know what was in store for them during that year and the succeeding years, but if they had the companionship of Jesus Christ it would lighten their I burden and they would be wonderfully helped. The last moments of the old year, and the first of the new one, were spent in. silent prayer, and the service Iwas concluded by the singing of a hymn.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD WELBY AND THE COMING • ISSUE.

The following is a copy of an important letter which Lord Welby has addressed ato the "Cobden Club Circular":—

Internal issensions have broken up the Protectionist party. The Protectionist Government has fallen at last, and a Liberal Government, broadly representative of Liberal opinion, appeals to the nation for a national decision on the issue between Protection and Free Trade.

_ The coming election carries in its lap graver conse- quences than any election since 1552. The nation has to say whether the food of the people shall be taxed. whether the lot of the poor and the unemployed, hard as it is, shall be made harder by iniquitous legislation in the interests of privileged classes. In 1552 Parliament deliberately repudiated the policy of Protection. In 190 G the Protectionist party—the party of doles and privilege—asks the nation to repudiate the policy of Free Trade, and to revert to the system of intricate and provocative tariffs to be framed by ignorant ministers to the profit of powerful producers and lobbying speculators. The author of the new policy is the statesman who has twice destroyed the party to which he belonged,and who has such a contempt for the intelligence of the English people that he has dared to use in support of Protection the very facts and figures which, a few years ago, he used with greater force in support of Free Trade.

It is evident that the Tory party will endeavour at • the coming election to confuse the issue, they will not dare to challenge a direct verdict on their policy of Protection pureand simple. They %ill raise bogies to divert, votes from the main question—is the food of the people to 1)0 taxed ? It is for the nation to see that this transparent device—more truly dodge—shall fail. If the voter is to be frightened by the bogie of Home Rule, let him remember that if the Liberals were to introduce a Home Rule Bill it would find a short shrift in the House of Lords, whereas, if the. Tory party were to obtain a majority, Protective laws, adopted by the House of Commons, would be received with delight by the House of Lords, where Protec- tionists out-number Free Traders by probably 10 to I. The decision between Protection and Free Trade touches the very roots of our national life. It is an issue which concerns the foundation of the moral andimaterial well- being af the people. A small majority in favour of Free Trade will encourage the Tories and the speculators to hope that, at another election, the Liberal Government may hava made mistakes and booome unpopular, that the pendulum will swing back to them and that they may interpret ' such swing back as a vote against Free Trade. In that case Protection will remain in active agitation to disturb and distract our counsels for years to come. On the other hand, a sweeping majority in 1906 will discourage the agitators and teach the Tories that they had better not allow Mr. Chamberlain to lead them again into disaster.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

There was a fair attendance at the meeting of this Society on Sunday when the secretary (Mr. B. Farrar) presided, and drew lessons appropriate to the New Year. Mr. Wolstencroft, of Swinton, gave an address on "Lessons from blind Bartemeus," alluding to Christ's great love to him. Although he hada great affliction and was at a great disadvantage, yet Christ did not overlook him.—Master H. Griffiths sang "Angels ever bright and fair." Mr. D. Owen took part in the meeting. Two new members were cordially welcomed. Mr. W• IL Payton, Mus. Bac., presided at the organ, and appro. priato hymns were sung.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0165.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'Trlega

===== 0002601_19060106_art0166.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r

===== 0002601_19060106_art0167.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
" Plasmon Cocoa contains all the constituents able to suplort life." —Lancet. AIDS DIGESTION.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
PROMOTES

REFRESHING SLEEP.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
ASMON COO As

Cup contains more nourishment than TEN euPs OF ANY ORDINARY COCOA,

is absolutely free from chemicals. and added starchy matter

===== 0002601_19060106_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
Nourishes Warms.

BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

THE HELSBY STABRING CASE. At Chester Quarter Sessions on Monday, John Frederick Ody 413 j, foreman telephoae engineer, was charged with unlawfully wounding William Henry Hyde, at Helsby, on the 11th November. Mr. Ralph Rankes prosectited,aud Mr. Trevor Lloyd defended. ;Mr. , Baukes said that on the night of the 11th of November prisoner and prosecutor, who were perfectly good ! friends, and had been for five years, had some little ' argument when near their homes,which were in Helsby. There was a slight dispute. The wife of the latter ; came out and asked Ody to go home. Ody struck prose mtorovno did not find out that he bad been stabbed until he got in the kitchen of his house. Hyde was re- moved to Chester Inflrmary in a motor-car, where he was a oatient for about three weeks.—Prosecutor, in his evidence, said he met prisoner at Helsby Club. He (witness) had four glasses of beer. When they arrived home they stood talking near the gate, and after a time witness felt a blow in the stomach, and found when he got into the house that he had been stabbed.—Mrs. Hyde, who saw her husband and prisoner talking at the gate, said prisoner Wes at the time stupidly drunk.—Mr. ; Bryan. who was called to the injured man. gaveparticu- lars of the wound. Counsel for the defence urged that prisoner at the time was so drunk that be did not know what he was doing—Evidence of prisoner's good character was given.—The jury, after a short retirement, found prisoner guilty of unlawful wounding with no intention to do grievous bodily harm."—fhe Chairman said that, in view of vrisoner's good character, the majority of the bench had decided to impose a fine or £5 and costs, or two months' imprisonment, prisoner also to pay the costs of the prosecution.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
SFIOP MANAGErt's ALLEGED ESILIEZZLENIENT.

At the Bcrough Police Court on Monday, John Beamont Weatherall, 3, Arpley-street, was charged on a warrant with embezzling the sum of £23 from John Snowden.—Mr. Browne (solicitor) prosecuted on behalf of NEI-. Snnwden. and applied for a remand for a week, as the hooks had not yet bran properly gone through. Prosecutor was a wholesale clothier at Bradford, and in September last he opened a shop in Sankey-street, and employed the prisoner as manager at a salary of 355. a week, with house, coal, and gas free, and 2,1 per cent. commission on the gross takings. The duties of the prisoner were to collect and receive money, busk it each week, and forward to Nlr. Snowden statement. On October 28th last prisonerl sent a statement showing that he had 1--.nked £53 Os. Id., but it was afterwards discovered nothing at all was banked. Unfortunately the prosecutor met with an accident and it was on that account that the deficiencies were not -discovered earlier. It had been found that in three months £270 was missing, and where the money had gone to he did not know. A remand was necessary, for a further investigation of the books.—Ssperintendent Monaghan stated that he arrested prisoner, and in answer to the charge he said, "If I pay the amount now, can I go ?"—Mr. Steel, who defended, applied for bail, and said prisoner had an answer to the charge. He thought that when the Bench heard the full circum- stances they would agree that there was no case of em- bezzlement. Prisoner was a married man with two children, Several well-known Warrington men in sub- stantial positions were willing to go bail for him—Mr, Browne strongly opposed the application.—The Bench granted bail, prisoner in £lOO and two sureties of £lOO each.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY UNION FOOTBALL

STOCKTON HEATH.

Result For ag'st Date. Ground. 'Sept. 30 Kersal "A" Octr. 7 Preston Grasshoppers" A" home „ 11 Bowdon Ringers" A " „ 21 Liverpool Old Boys "A " away 3 11 „ 23 Cheadle Mime home 8 0 Novr. 4 Sale "A" home 11 0 „ 11 Sate" A" „ 18 North Manchester "A " „ 25 Chester College "A" away 5 8 „ 23 Eccles „ 26 Eccles" A" away 3 19 „ 30 Heaton Moor "A" away 17 6 1906. ' Jan. 6 Bowdon Rangers" A" home „ 13 Brighton House Col., Oldham home „ 20 North Manchester" A " , 27 Bolton" A " home Feb. 3 Preston Grasshoppers "A " „ 10 Heaton Moor" A" home „ 17 Cheadle Holme. away „ 21 Manchester Y.M.C.A. Mar. 3 „ 10 New Brighton" A " ft 17 Chester College 99 24 „ 31 New Brighton" A " t, Apr. 7 Brighton House Colt, Oldbam away

Club.

TALLEST POLICEMAN P ENS lONE D. —Dublin Metro- politon Police and the Royal Irish Constabulary have been noted for their heights and line physique. The tallest policeman of them all was Sergeant Robert Daly, who has just retired from the Royal Irish Con- stabulary, on a pension after a service of 35 years. Sergeant Daly stood 6 feet Si inches high. At the time of his retirement the tallest policeman pursued the quiet -occupation of r clerk in the Commandant's Office at the Phenix Park Dep3t.

,olman's

Itt - -rard

A better

Mustard than Colman's D.S.F.

is beyond the art of Mustard

making.

The yellow tins that are known the world over contain identically the same Mustard that is found on the tables of Royal palaces and in the palatial mansions of nobility. it is the standard of Mustard ex- cellence—a bond that makes the whole world kin—tickling palates, sharpening appetites, helping diges- tions.

0 6_l Mt

===== 0002601_19060106_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
C -IP :',": .1, 4:. ,

D. S. uard

Paints the World Yellow.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
Strengthens.

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

"Coatrso men" have to keep moving in order to arrive. _ .

--- - - NOTHING surprises the woman who marries a man to reform him like the success.of.her efforts..

TILE man who poses as a lady-killer generally makes good his boast by boreing women to death. Soma people only tell the truth when they have sonudhing dipagreeable to cell. "Possasstos, my dear sir, is nine points of the law." "Bet the prick of conscience. "On, that isn't a law point at all." So Hu TnouonT.-1110thel: "Poor El 7.4! They say he married her for her money." Tom: "Well, he earned it." _

THE lolister lays 42 COO egg,' a year. It would be good it SUMO tame eutf.cl read this, and profit by it. . .

"!sN'T it wonderful," says Mattie, "what strange thin' Marl will condescend to do when his vanity i. flattered ? " "How do you like that whisky, Pit?" "Sure, your holioUr, it has made another man of me, ace that other roan would liko a glass, too." INVARIAELy :•FO —" He says thist she is his Ideal." "1 eupp,me she: is. Iu fact, I think he never falls in love with a girl who isn't." . .

iN SaLF DEIMNCZ.—" What did you do to that man who brought, a motor Car to Crimson Gulch?" "Well," answered B-,,ncho Bob, "in order to prevent ben' life we I, rwhed 'on." Cuor.Ly : " Aw, GLsre. do von believe in the traueualgration of Boole?" Clara: "Cer- tainly ; l'•e often seen a man meats an ace of hiroat,f."

PreoviNo —E iith : "But kieeing has again been (-iodated dangerouv." Tom Well, you know I promised to go through any danger for yon." Hi: WON —" Jiro bet Tom that hP could stay to..der water Iwo miauter." " Jim win'' Where is tie now ?" " Ucoler there yet." JN INQUlRY.—Astrogomer : "Wey, s nee of the @tars ftrel I unilrada of mike in a aroonri." Friend : " Really? Welch Obte of theni holds the rerord ?"

_ No OEJKCTION. —Firet Lawyer: "Don's you thimk ee ere glen,g our di.u% tuatteceneary trouble?" &coed lAwyer : "Y. but we'll charge hien for it." COMPREN V.NAPC6 —SlUdent : " W hat in peva.. rniei ?" Pii.k.suipher " not fwith of cowhide." Student : "Then whht is optiutieru? " Philoeop- her : " The t.ith of fuole."

Coccon: tiro opinion Dr. D )oer io the hight•xt qr.. of here." itot.hin : " WPat has lie doti•? "Whit is he doing, you wean. Why, he takes his Own rn?dicirir."

Dortmi MAMMA:" P.ainey, dear, to-morrow is your birthdsy. Wnat would y.. 0 like best ?" Rod- ney (titer a brief season of cogitation): "I think I'd Eke to see the school burnt (town." " I. the roost incon.isteut woman I ever knew." "Never doer what she ought to or what you expect, eh?" "That is just it. Sometimes she does. she is inonnsistently inconsistent." MERELY SUGOKRTED ---riret girl : "I want to give my fiance a surprise on his birthday. Can't you suggest something? " Second girl : " Wel!, son might tell him sour age." MOTHER: "When you get angry with J 0066 you must stop and count twenty." Son : "I tried that once, and he hit me so hard that I counted twenty stars."

CLINKER: "I have been challenged by a fiery Frnuchntru to fight a duel." Ficidloback " Well, let' m hope it won't rain. You might catch cold."

ANOTHER IlsStllP FIASCO. A small boy (-limbed out on a bough, Aud said, "From this limb I allougb, I oau soar quite high, Anil like a turd But the hoy's in the hospital Dough. A TALE ABOCT A CONSCIENCE.

HER r:%irurssloN.—" Does your daughter play ?" inquired the young man with gold glateea. "I think she d 090," lIIIIMOFCCI Mrs. Cumrox, affably. "Bat I think she prefers bridge whiiit." Idris : "That horrid Mrs. F.iils told Islt.xtiinor that I wa. A reutiisr eat. What y( u think of that ? " Mugge : "I think she never saw you in the same room with a

UNAIIISITED —ltlistreas (returning unexpectedly from toa 0‘ ~,,, try and meeting her maid wearing her hat): •• Woy, Anna, are you going out in that hat?" Anne: "Why, ia it not fashionable now ?" _ .

How HE KNEW.—LandlOrd " called to collect the rent." Little Boy : " Please, sir, mother's out and forgot, to leave it." Lana lord " How do you know pita forgot it?' Little Boy: " Btle.nPfl YO. "

TOOK THE MATTER COOLLY —He: "I hoar that your eng.genfeut is Woken Fenfiva: " ins ;he acted horribly." Be: "Rut I thought that you broke It?" Fetuina : "So I did ; Lut he made ab- solutely no fuse about it" . _

" BRIDGIa " said Mts. 11) Byte, "your lady friend muatu's stay so late hereafter. Her op- mations laughter woke me up at one o'clock this morning." "Yes, mum ; 1 was tellin' her about how you tried to make • (-mike wan day." ON TIIE CoNTHAßY.—Cmsford : "Have they enlarged their mains of a,qualotance since they moved into their big house?" Crabahaw "Oh, no. Since they became rich they don't know half as many people as they used to." FATHER (to young man who has begged for the hand of his daughtei): "But, my dear sir, are you able to support a family ? " Young man (aoftl3 ): "Y e-s, I could. But lam only asking for toe daughter." UNEXPLAINED.—Towne " D:d you ever notice anything funny abDut hie converrittion 1" Browne: "Funny ! I should say not. There's absolutely DO point to it." Towne: "That's the funny part of it. Having no point, how is it that it bores so quickly?' A KAN who kept account of the number of kiss.. exchanged with his wife since their union, con- pent,. to It. publication, as follows: First year, 36,500; second year, 16,000; third year, 3 650; fourth, 120; fifth year, two. He then left off keeping the record. SHE WAS WELL PREPARED.—He : "Have you considered, darling, the seriousness of the step 3 ou have consented to take? Married life, you know, s not all honey. Do you think you can bear to suffer as well as to rejoice?" She: "Indeed I can John. Haven't I worn shoe. two sizes too small ever since I was 14 years old?" Hz: "I wonder what the meaning of that picture is. The youth and the maiden are in a tender attitude." She: "Oh, don't you see? He has just asked her to marry him and she is accept- ing him." "Ah ! How appropriate the title I" "I don't see It." "Why, that card at the bottom it says, ' Sold.' " FAIRLY GAVE IT AWAYS—Mre. Borem : "You weren't in when I called the other day. I wrote you that I would call. Didn't you get the letter?" Mrs. Tewkute: " Why, no. Isn't that too bad? Are you sure you sent it to the right address?" Mrs. Borem : "Oh, yes. I addressed it to 6.5, Longford Square." Mrs. Tewkute : "No, you didn't. You wrote it Longford Place." CORED.—The Doctor: " Yes ; I understand what ails you. You can't sleep. Take this pre- scription to a chemist's." (Next day) : "Good morning; you look better ID-Clay. Have you slept well?" Peters: "Like a top. I feel like a new man." Doctor: "How many sleeping powders did you take?" Peters (surprised): "I didn't take any. I cave a couple of them to the baby."

===== 0002601_19060106_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
P

, 6 \,,,54 . N\-- ...4y -'444r-7# ..„4., . •,` A 7:: d't e..:- ,•"-- s' - - ,-. `.. ~(4 • i . , __

===== 0002601_19060106_art0177.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L

===== 0002601_19060106_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, SPturday, January 6, 1906.

CALL Runrrs RnsituvED.]

scribed as unparliamentary, be jumped up fine ran to the mess, calling for writer. The doctot was there forimoilf4y. miCt promptly bound ut the wound. When (.7nia,ke returns.] to whert he lied left 14;11;ert- 11,‘.... 1.- f,..m.1 torte, looking as if he haa been asleep, but with a greyish, green colour in Lis:.face. "What's up, Yellow Hammer ?" lie cried- " You do look seedy." He was really alarmed, for disease was rife in the neighbourhood. But Gilbert had risen to his feet, and though his face was green and his teeth chattering. the lad declared there was nothing wrong. It was the heat, he said, and he went to his room to lie down. Uniacke thought no more about it, as the youngster was quite him- self when he saw him again, and other matters far more important engrossed everyone's atten- tion.

There was trouble in the Black Mountains. Every day forces passed the quarters of the " Khabardara " on their way to the scene of operations. 'The regiment was pining for n finger in the pie, but alas. it Was otherwise ordained. The powers that be had refused them petit jolt to vend them to the front ; for they had had more than their share of fighting and glory, and it was decided to leave them behind now. So they fed the more lucky people who passed their quarters day by day, and made bitter lamentations for their own bard fate. Disease was devastating the neighbourhood. The natives were dying in large numbers, but as yet the EUropeans had not suf- fered. Very little could be done for the sufferers, but what medical aid could do was done, and in the midst of all the trouble the astounding news came to the mess of the " Khataudors " 0110 morning that Miss Hyde, the Co'onel's daughter, was missing ! There was fearful conf,t6jon Hien, and everyone suggested something different to everyone else. The country around Was seoured hut without success. Miss Hyde, when last seen, was riding with her syce in attendance. She had sent the syce home, saying that she was going to meet Captain Slade in live minutes and ridelink with him, but, Captain Slade had mu' it sue', her at all, and her horse had trotted back to his stable, riderless, some hours afterwards. Unineke was on ditty, so could not join the search-party, and " Yellow Ha 1111 l ier " bad lellt his ItOrSo to some one else, so these two were left behind. Haying nothing else to do, Gilbert, wal:-.ed round the plate with Uniacke. They spent a quiet day to- gether, and were sitting peacefully iii easy choirs when loud shrieks burst upon their ears. They started up and rushed in the direction of this yells ILA fast as their legs could carry them. They found two natives fighting, and as the ofiuimo arrived upon the scene, one made off, and the other, bleeding profusely, fell to the ground. " What a storm in a tea-cup !" ejaculated Uniacke—" here, Yellow Hammer, help ins up with this chap. My goodness ! he's had a maul- Mg." But Gilbert Home was trembling like a leaf. His face was ghastly, and he turned away hid head with a shrulder. Then he did an extraor- dinary thing. Me spun round, and fell in a dead faint to the ground. Uniacke stared hi annoyance for a moment or two, then a light dawned upon him. He took up Gilbert in his arms mid dragged biuit into his own room where he laid hint on his hed, and sent a Mail to attend to the wounded native outside. This done he set to work to re- store " Yellow iblintlier." He Was disgusted at what he considered the boy's cowardice, and harder than be realised about it.

" So thet'e what was the matter with you the day I sliced my finger." he iutid contemptinands. " Upon my word ! A bright lot you are to faiot et the sight of blood !" The unhappy youth ',Loa before Lim with hmtging bend. He was horribly Aslinmed of himself, end scarcely dared to look xt Uniseke. He lied tried RO hard to keep Ida seeret, only to found out by the one man Of Nli his regiment from whom he bad most wished to hide it.

" ift.r God•s mike, Ut.liseke tell the other fellows. I cannot help it ! tried for years. Mir J csn't get over thiineke was silent, and the boy resumed— " I m ii frail of mini tie devil, lei, the sight of blood makes in nick. I'll prove t, T"l' tiny wuy you like flint I 11111 telling the truth if ii ly you will believe me. If you toll the others, swesr I will blow my brains out)"

Theniiserable boy was getting desperate. Tioi flinch so to notice the smile growing round his brother-officer's lips. Ido not meon that Geof- frey Uniacke was laughing at the distress, of hts cemponiiiii. For from it. But he hild 111311101 ii oonsiderlible bet the night before (list lie would put out, by some means or other, the everlasting tire kept aliglit by the three priests on the roof of the old tower. Yellow lie 1111 l lees frantic appeal to prove his courage had suggested most unex- pectedly a solution of his own difficulty. Hu hod liven racking luitt brains all duty IN hi how he was to win his bet. It wins quite clear now. Not for a moment did he doubt young courage, Nnd neither did lie dream of publishing the tini I at he had found out bow to make him " shiver snd shake." But temptation wits too strong for It iii, it rid - liesaid at length—

"L will believe you, youngster, if volt have pluck enough to fetee Mot% three obi nitrger. alone to-night and put out their tually tire." Rvture burst out upon every line of poor Y..110w Hammer's face as he biezed Unitickn's band. _

" God bless you!" he said. " I'll do it," and bolted out of the room. Uniseics sat down. " Didn't know I was Ruch a cad !" he inured to to himself, feeling far from comfortable.

the parapet. "Then be gently stamienea tne rope until the basket rested on the iron platform at his feet. The ooeupants of the room beneath had not been disturbed by his movements, thanks to the roar of the fire in the brazier.

" I'll just have another look at those black- guards downstairs before I do for you," lie said to himself, nodding complacently at the fire which was now burning considerably lower than usual. He knelt down at the trap door, and peered into the apartment. He could bear their words now distinctly. very old man was speaking. "It is well, my children," he was saying— the plague must be stayed. It can only be done by sacrifice. Have we not proof that. it is a curse sent us by the accursed Europeans, for not one of their sons has suffered ? We must offer one of them in sacrifice ti is night, and have we uot this maiden in our bands—F" _

A. woman's cry burst out. Not a loud one— " Mercy !" said an 17,ngl0N11 voice, and Gilbert Home turned Pick ac be ew that the owner WIIP the mirolitsg Kohloen 11)tle, wintiding itgairv.t the Willi with her pri•liPed over her eves. He almost, ;,,t Lim NNIJ-Nmarol a the Night. The Nilmo_ion a.aedled lam- AN the old forth. _ _

"To the Sacred Fire 1" they screamed with one accord. They did hot immediately ascend the ladder. Some formalities delayed them, and Gilbert, seeing in this a ray of Lope, rushed like a madman to the basket. Throwing the fool to right and left he seized the water-skins. There were six of them, and with his great hunting. knife he hacked at the neck of the first, and open- ing it wide threw the skin bodily into the brazier. The fire hissed and spluttered but was not extinguished. A second skin bad no effect, but the third reduced the Eternal Fire to a heap of blackened cinders. A shriek of rage from the foot of the ladder told him that his work was discovered, as the old priest rushed up, closely followed by a Mini carrying Miss Hyde. As the last glimmer of the fire expired these men reached the platform. The priest, yelling with rage, rushed to his fire to make a desperate effort to rescue it. The matt who carried Miss Hyde re- ceived young Gilbert Homo'n fist straight be- tween the eyes, and fell like a log, dropping his burden us he did mo. Yellow-Hammer seized the ladder, and with all his force dragged it backwards just as the rest were swarming up. It came up with a rush, and knocked him over flat upon his buck. '• Ilse bucket, Miss Hyde !" lie slionhA, picking up its quickly na he coulsl—" Get into it, and swing over the side !" But this was more tlsan the terrified girl's nerves were equal to, and Gilbert had almo4 to lift her in, and pst-.11 the basket over the edge, where it 'swig, swinging round and ri und. lie wan preparing to set tho repo going over the puller, when he felt a crush- ing blow on the back of his head, and with a csnfuned sound of bugles, mingled with the (heel ifl of lii it ish soldiers, he fell. %nets he olasned Isis eyes again lie was sur- rounded by brother officers. It was Uniacke who poured brandy down his throat, whilst Captain blail suplsorted his head on his knee, and Kath- leen Hyde, rescued from her terrible position, bathed his face. The tower-top was alive witls soldiers, itt the midtst of whom stood a sullen band securely bound—not one had escaped. Even the man whom Gilbert bed knocked down was there, his face a ghastly object, and his MOM) Sintiterea. Yellow Hammer was surprised to find that he did not turn faint or shudder at the sight of blood now. Perhaps there was so much of it about flint he was getting accustomed to it. Hniacke told him all that had happened after- wards. About the same titne that Gilbert had reached the tower, the native who had been wounded early in the day sent for Uniacke and confessed that he was Mina Hyde's syce, who had been in league with the frequenters of the tower to betray his young mistress into their hands. He had been persuaded that she would merely be detained for a few hours and then ransomed, but bad discovered, when too late, that the fana- tics intended to sacrifice the unfortunate girl in the belief that by burning a European alive in their Sacred Fire the plague might be stayed. The syee had been on his way to widow the whole plot when set upon by one of the band, who suspected his fidelity, and almost murdered him.

Maack° lost no time in giving the alarm, but he had not betrayed Gilberen secret in doing so. He merely said that " Yellow Hammer had gone to put out the fire ; and if he and Miss Hyde (whom, he had just heard, had been trepanned there) were to be saved. no time must be wasted." The result we have seen. The rescue had arrived just in time, and Gilbert's ears, as he fell, had not deceived him. The men had cheered loudly KR they scaled the wall, and "MINA° had given the order for the bugles to sound to let him know that they were coining. "I thought the huglss would cheer you up, old man," he said, " and let you know the regi- ment was turning out." Yellow Hammer's secret is still safe with Geoffrey Uniacke, but it is now a thing of thP past ; and the two, who have been fast friemije ever since, often talk over that terrible night when a great emergency completely cured young Gilbert Home of hia one weakness.

" Yellow•Thuniner be will be to the etul of hie &vs, but to Uniseke be is " the youth who can neither shiver nor shake."

===== 0002601_19060106_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
YELLOW HAMMER,

MABEL BEAMES.

A certain old fairy tale tells us of " A youth who could neithn shiver nor shake." Such a youth was Gilbert Homo when he joined his re- giment, which had been quartered in India for litany years. The official name of the regiment I am not at liberty to disclose, neither is it of the least importance here. Suffice it to say that they were known throughout India as " The Khabardars !" Gilbert Homo joined them straight- from Sandhurst, where he had made both entrance and exit with honours : he was one of the new school and had ben " crammed " for exams, almost since he had been able to read and write. He was exceedingly youthful in ap- pearance, and though past nineteen might easily have been mistaken for seventeen. He was of middle height, and slightly built, with a smooth, fair young face and golden hair. The latter was the most remarkable thing about Lim—it was such beautiful hair ; so unusually golden, so glossy and well-groomed that it was the first thing one noticed on seeing young Gilbert Home. He had not joined half an hour before lie was dubbed with a name that was destined to cling to him for his entire service.

" That's a chubby child they've sent us !" re- marked Captain Slade, the Adjutant, when Gil- bert was out of ear-shot. " Did you ever see such a head in your life ?" " He's like some bird they have at home," re- plied another, Uniacke by name, screwing up his mouth as he tried to remember the bird's name. " I know !" lie exclaimed. " He's just like a Yellow Himmel., isn't he ?" and the name clung. Gilbert Horne was not received with much en- thusisain by his regiment for the officers were not men who had entered the service flushed with brilliant literary victory. They had all just con- trived to scrape in, and consequently. looked rather askance at this new arrival, who had done such great things at his exams. 9 Gilbert Home did not smoke, which was another disadvantage, judging front Mr. Uniacke's ex- pression when he offered the former a cigar on his arrival, and was answered, " Thanks, I don't smoke."

" Afraid of spoiling his teeth !" said Mr. tini• Nske, contemptuously, when referring to the oc- currence afterwards.

" I don't wonder at that. He's got a glorious set !" replied Cliptain Slade heartily, who suf- fered martyrdom periodically from toothache. "Do you know, I think you're making rather a mistake about this little subaltern of ours," he went on musingly. " Why do you all take it for granted that he's a molly-coddle ? He can't help looking like a girl, can he 2 And, upon my word, his clean little face does one good to look at after all the dirty niggers we've been staring at these ten years, to say nothing of your own phi/ Uniacke, which is getting blacker overy day with this beastly Indian sun, or poor old Hortimer's which is as yellow as a guinea from ima hem h."

tie paused for breath, and another took up the tile. " Right you are, Slade—Yellow Hammier's a id sort. I've been studying hint. and Eii balk I im to play polo tool ride against the oldest Land in the station. Where lie picked it lip, I can't tint. I havell't SPCII H lietter game thati 10. plays, or a prettier seat, and I don't mind taking I lace to 11118 I/WI haven't either." " I don't want to ran him down said 1.71 i- i "On the emdrerv, I shall be very glad to finil he's a good sort, but really the weeds the:v are turning out now with '4ll this cramming makes one rather elly of i 4 elle!, of nineteen willi n face like a girl moil double honours in Sand- hurst !" Anil lie 1111101(d geed-lalleellrealY. "I eV. Venlig' Yellow Hammer, who taught you polo .?" plaid Captain Slade one day. " lily father," Was the reply. " I've been at it for six or seven years The Adjittiant looked incredulous and Gilbert ha-levied to explain. " I laigato When I Wle. twelve. We've gwt Place in Yorlcel,iie, and I've got Peven brother-. My father turned to. into it big field and taught is. We meal to talkie yottng ponies, and ride them half-hroketi, till we outgrew then.. M, Lit her f4Nid lie killed two birds with one atone U. ii ay." Captain Slade laughed. " More like killing wo iii boys at a time, I should say," he said, owl went away mini repeated the story to Usti- aeke. A little later it transpired that Yellow Hemmer could ho x NIA° iii feet there WSili ell!V 1.;•1* man ill the stittion who could bent hint, mid that was Geoffrey Uniacke. " Who taught yon to box ?" someone asked pine day, and the reply was, "My father. We hart it private gymnasium. itt Yorkshire, and on %vet days he used to set us to work, twos and wos. Whoever got beaten had to look on and mop the others next time. We didn't like that. It was beastly slow, so we got pretty even after hit." He spoke very quietly, without the least attempt at bragising ; in fact lie seemed quite imemo.cions of anything praiseworthy in his per. firmattces.

_ The others grinned. " Can you swim too ?" was the next question. Yellow Hammer nodded. " We had it yacht in !ha ',1mm0.," he maid, " and when we were hitt() kids my father used to chuck us into the wafer. and let 114 kick about till we learnt. They lishcil na out when we were going down swimeniug's awfully easy to learn ; we didn't take long 1" And so it was with everything. This yellow- haired seraph was proficient in every sport and pastime that can be roughly taught, and the dif- ficulty was to find anything that he could not do. " Yellow Humtner reminds Me of an old fairy isle called • The youth who could neither shiver !tor shake,' " remarked Uniacke one day, " and I shan't be satisfied until I find lamenting 11- csn't do." It was several months before Crstimeke succeeded, and meanwhile Yellow Ham- mer's vopularity increased day by day. He had opheld the honour of the regiment at poln, cricket, tennis, and everything else, and his hro- thersotlieera gloried in him, particularly Captsia :41,01e. who had been his first friend. How Yet. low Hammer repaid hilt my story will show. At the time of which I write "the Khabar mists " were quartered in an oat-of-the-way , place, which has sines been condemned as Use. I lest, for n military station and also unhealthy. The regiment was commanded then by Colostel whose eldest daughter bad lately come out 1., her father, whilst Mrs. Hyde IVe.4iii Euglomd. Not far from the cantonments of " the Khabar- Jars " stood an old building of circular shape, like a fort. It was the abode of three harnilea. old priasta who kept a sacred fire for ever alight I 4.11 the summit. There was no door and no one had ever been seen to enter. The natives sups I plied the priests with food, which they laid at the foot of the wail, and for which the mutates let down a rope twice a day. The " Khabardars " eould see the everlasting fire distinctly front their meals, and they often spoke of the possibilities (il exploring the old tower. But it was never at- tempted, for the regulations were very strict about interfering with the religion of the natives. " Hort uncanny that tire looks, blazing away eternally. I don't like it, and I wish the old tower were blown up altogether," said Captain Slade OW day at dinner. He little knew what cause he woe to have for disliking the tower. Geoffrey Uniacke and Yellow Hammer were silting together the following day in the 'reran. doh. " Have you heard the news?" said the former. " Slade is engaged to the Colonel's daughter. He says he hates the sight of the everlasting fire er Meal that he must get married, MO he won't hay, to dine at meets any more, and then he need mil sit night after night looking at the glare," and Geoffrey Uniacke laughed. He was carving tin handle of a stick, and looking up front his work Its he spoke, the chisel slipped and almost cot rout his fintrsrsi off With au exclamation best (le.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
7.he Original Cocoa, and a Speciality. EppS5S

Distinguished from all others by its invigorating nutritious qualities and delicious flavour. It contains all the substance of the choicest Nibs, and main- tains its leading position as

COCOA

the best form of Cocoa for erory-day use.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH

OF WARRINGTON.

HOW THE FIRE WAS EXTINGUISHED. Yellow Hammer stood alone at the foot of tlio eld tower. It was quite dark save for the gIare.WEEK ENDING DECEMBER 30Tti, 1905. it, the sky from the eternal tire. Him mind w .is During the week, the following births and deaths Wa rrin gt on Registration District far from clear tl,B to the ways and means of gain- were registered: 23. The excess of births over deaths Mg twoens to the place ; but on one point he wan births, 30, deaths, quite determined, and that was that over his dead Trt: alone should Uniacke publish hin elattne to . wfraostitgannalctfus2e2s• 5. isly was equal to 17'2 per a the regiment. Yellow Hemmer had sworn the: 1,000 against 17'1 the average of the previous 6 weeks and . death-rate el ratttrraat tee he would idow his owu brains out if he failed to- against 21.3 the corresponding period of last year. The night. He stood between the cant entn and death rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal the tower, and threw his head back to take in to nil per 1,000, against I'B the average rate of the the height. It would be impossible to scale the previous 6 weeks and against nil the corresponding ' wall, for the side Was almost smooth, aml whet period of 1904. inequalities could be found were not nearly suf- The ages of mortality were : fjaie„t to give a hold even to his :fingers. For o_l 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65—up. Total quite five minutes he stood there, and then he 7 1 1 1 6 7 23. heard voices behind him. He had just time to The deaths included-1 from erysipelas, 1 from ; creep round the wall quickly before the uatives, phthisis, 1 from other tubercular diseases, 5 from lung ; carrying largo fiat baskets, came close enough to diseases, 3 from heart diseases, 12 from all other have seen him bad he remained standing on the causes. same spot. He heard them diatinetly as he crept The following cases of infections diseases have been , away, and as he kept moving round the tower reyorted during the . week :—Scarlet fever 2 case!, I they eogned to follow him till be reached the diphtheriar t 1 case, ell sfaelnasts2 in cases. hospital. week ending I place he htid started from, when, hearing no more not);)- nunberlo4ls ti December, 9 patients 13, Rural District, 2, ii„,3 concluded that they were depositing their bur- Newton 10 total 25'. I dens on the other side. For nearly ten minutes ' ' METF.OROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 40 Fab. h , e waited, then hurried round, for a bright idea 11. ann therefore 5 degs. lower than the preceding week. ' laid occurred to him. The maximum temperature 47 F., was recorded on the ' The natives had deposited the food they ear- 24th inst. , and the minimum temperature 31 F., on the tied in a huge circular basket about three feet 30th inst. deep. Gilbert stared at it in amazement for a The rainfall measured .10 inch. The general direction moment. His surprise gave place to satisfaction, was S.E. for he noticed that this receptacle had been let J. GUEST GORNALL, down from above by ropes and pulleys, eridantly Medical Officer of Health. worked by a crane or windlass. The ropes were dt quite slack, but lie was afraid to try their ugNotn • strength lest his movements might be taken for ai " b LIGHTNING COUGH CURE i signed before his plan of action was decided. Of IS GUARANTEED TO CURE one thing ha was certain, which was that there A COUGH OR COLD IN ONE NIGHT. Was a mystery about the tower and its occupants. The romance of the rise of VENO'S LIGHTNING Three old priests could never consume such an . , I• ' ' Couolt Cutte is most remarkable. n seven years this enormous quantity of food twice a day 1 There h ' famous remedy as won its way into nearly every home ' I was enough in the basket to feed ten or twelve in Great Britian and the Colonies. Upwards f otwo 1 I men, million bottles are sold annually. Doctors prescribe 1 With intense satisfaction he observed 111 SI t it because it is absolutely the safest, purest, and most ! ! there was also a goodly supply of water. He efficient remedy procurable for : would want that to put out the fire 1 INFLUENZA ASTEINT A. " Now or never," he thought, and seizing one CATARRH WEAK LUNGS of the ropes he gave it a hearty tug. Nothing CHRONIC COUGHS CROUP happened—he pulled again, and a third time. BRONCHITIS WHOOPING COUGH Still no response. So up he went, hiind over ALBERT SMITH, M.1.C.5., M.S.B.Sc., Analytical band. He reached the top and looked over. and Bacteriological Laboratory, 30 Sotheby-road,High- There was no one there. The " Eternal Fire " bury Park, London, N_., in his certificate of analysis burnt in a huge brazier in the middle of an iron says : " T _ find VENO'S LIGHTNING COEGII CURE corn- platform. This platform occupied almost the posed of pure ingredients carefully compounded, whose entire top of the tower. In one part (just he- combined effect is to allay irritation and facilitate the neath where Gilbert clung) a ladder gave access enabling of mucus, soothe and stimulate the lungs thus any lemon of the respiratory tract to heal, and to a brightly lighted room. Looking down lie g irritation an constant so preventing that distressing ' • • • d saw strange things. - I conghing which produces exhaustion. In my opinion it Ten men, natives, he counted, and from their is a most excellent remedy, and can be relied upon as a looks he rightly judged them to be thieves of the safe and effective medicine in asthma, bronchtis, and worst description. There was one old woman all affections of the lungs, for which I thoroughly amongst them and they were seated on the floor recommend it." in a circle. He could not nee what they were Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE It Chemists doing, but they seemed to be distributing some- everywhere. Price Ncl., Is. Ud. and 2s. 9d. thing. Fascinated, lie climbed higher and lay --.. face downwtirds on the parapet. ''l'll just put out their old fire first," he said , Warrington P.S.A. Society. to himself, " and then 111 spring the regiment ' There was a good attendance at the weekly meeting on them—" ,on Sunday. Mr. It. Nelson (vice-president) presided, Firmly fixed in the stonework of the tower wits ! and gave a short address on " Looking backwanl." rt .1 oar, iron rid with a pulley at the Mid. BM i The President (Mr. Wynne Jones) gave an address crept, along the parapet till he reached this, ; front the words "Go forward." Councillor W. Clegg seized the end of the mope that. hung loonelv over : read the Scripture lesson, and Mr. W. Brown also tile pulley, end exeiting all his sirengtl, hauled took part in the meeting. . away vigorously. It took all his powers to draw I the great basket tip, but he managed to do it, 1 arid was rewarded at last by seeinw it swing- over

===== 0002601_19060106_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND

GLEANINGS.

STONE MADE FROM SAINDUSI

The preparation of wood-stone is of interest from its furnishing an einployment for sawdust. It is an agglomeration of wood sawdust and cal- cined magnesia reduced to powder, with thorough mingling accomplished by the humid method. The material is pounded and ground, and then compressed, at first slowly, with light pressure in a preparatory press, and then for eight consecutive hours in a machine capable of developing a pressure of 41b. The finished pro- ducts are then subjected to the action of the hydraulic press. They are incombustible, im- permeable to water, and susceptible of taking on a nolish, which allows of their use ill orna- mentation.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0182.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NAVAL TOP.

- - -- - Mr. Otto Schlick, the chief engineer of the Hamburg Lloyd Company, has, according to landependanre Beige, devised an appliance for steadying ships at sea, which is based on the action of a gyroscope. By the aid of this ap- paratus the .rolling and pitching of the vessel is said to be overcome, and the ship becomes much more steady. Experiments have been carried out at Hamburg with an old torpedo-boat. The gyroscope, which consisted of a disc of metal weighing 1,0361 b., was driven at the rate of 2,300 revolutions per minute by means of a steam turbine. Before turning on the steam a record was taken of the movements of the vessel, which had a total weight of sixty tons. As soon as the turbine was at work all the oscillatory movements ceased. Trials will now be carried out with a vessel of increased tonnage.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0183.txt | included=true | included =====
FALLING INTO THE SUN.

In an interesting paper on the Lunar Theory in Nature, Mr. P. H. Cowell, of Greenwich Observatory; states that during that part of his investigations dealing with eclipses he has been forced to the conclnsion that the earth's orbital Motion is being slowly accelerated on account of a sensible retarding effect of the ether. "It may, seem curious," observes MT. Cowell, " that this 'resistance should accelerate the earth's mo- tion, but that would be the effect. The total enerl.7 is diminished, and this implies that the planet falls towards the sun, and consequently revolves faster in its orbit." The theory of an inter-planetary resisting medium was first broached to explain the movement of Enclic's Comet, but was subsequently abandoned as un- tenable. Mr. Cowell's practical readoption of it is therefore noteworthy.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0184.txt | included=true | included =====
ATMOSPHERIC DISCOVERIES

French scienze Las recently thrown down a re- markable challenge to the conclusions of Profes- sor. Dewar, on the übject of liquefied air. M Georges Claude has for years devoted himself tr the problems suggested by the liquefaction of air, and in a lecture before the French Society of Civil Engineers, he has announced the solution of the greatest of them—that of producing oxy gen in practically unlin:itod volume. Proceed. Mg from the great starting point, M. Claude went on to the extraction from liquefied air of pure oxygen and of pure nitrogen. Then he found that, like alcohol, liquefied air could be rectified, and that in the process of evaporation, nitrogen escaped first and oxygen last, while in the process of liquefaction the order was re- versed, oxygen corning first and nitrcgen follow- ing, while Professor Dewar supposed these two elements to be given off simultaneously. M. Claude's discoveries will, it is claimed, pro- foundly modify the accepted laws of metallurgy, chemistry, agriculture, and illumination, and will also affect medicine and hygiene. The great agricultural value of his discovery lies in the easy production of aramoniacal salts.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0185.txt | included=true | included =====
EXPERIMENTS WITH, POTATOES,

The death of Earl Cathcart recalls some inte- resting experiments carried out at his sug- gestion, which aimed at the production of a more robust and disease-resisting potato. These experiments consisted in cross-fertilising the potato (AS'olanum tubtrostern) and certain wild species of tuber - bearing solanums. The potato of our fields is intolerant of damp, and its native haunts are the higher Andes, where there is very little rain. So among the potatoes chosen for cross-fertilisation was Solanum Magna, discovered by Darwin growing in damp places in the Chonos Archipelago. The work of rearing this potato was entrusted to a well- known English firm, and tubers of Solanurn Mag- lia and other wild potatoes were sent to them by Earl Cathcart. When the flowers appeared they were fertilised with pollen from the best disease-resisting varieties, and the Solanum Maglia yielded seeds. These were sown, and from them a new race of potatoes has been reared. Whether it will ever be put on the market as a practical success, and thus solve the problem of producing a disease-proof potato, or not, remains to be seen.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0186.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR WILLIAM RAMSAY ON RADIOBES.

Sir William Ramsay does not believe in the organic nature of Mr. Burke's radiobes. The radium bromide, he points out, which Mr. Burke sprinkled on the gelatine broth medium would give off the usual emanations. The grains would sink gradually into the gelatine, and the emana- tions would decompose the water into oxygen and hydrogen. Now the solution of these gase- ous products of radium in water have the power of coagulating albumen. Hence in a liquid con- taining this substance ultra-microscopic cells would doubtless be formed. The oxygen and. hydrogen are given off in atoms, or molecules, and surround themselves with sacks or bags of albuminous matter. It has been shewn, for ex- ample, that when solutions containing the game- OW emanations are injected under the skin of a living being the bubbles surround themselves with sacks or bags, the walls of which are only slowly absorbed by the organism. Mr. Burke's ratliobes are probably produced us follows: The gases from the decomposing water form minute bubbles, and the coagulative action of the emanations on the albumen surround, each with a skin. The product appears like a cell. and Mr. Burke calls it a rudione. The con- tenta of the cell are gaseous, a mixture of oxygen and hydrogen. The emanations of radium en- closed in each cell would go on decornpo:ing water, for water would diffuse through the cell walls. Then the cell wall would burst. gas carrying with it radium emanations would issue, and coagulate more albuminous matter. New MIA would thus be formed, and the old cell would seem to have multiplied itself. Thus the original bubble would resemble a yeast cell. and the others buds front it. And this budding would be repeated, Sir William Ramsay points out, as long as the radium gave out emanations, and the whole process would resemble the growth of a living being.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0187.txt | included=true | included =====
NOVEL ENGINEERING FEA2.

News comes from Toronto of the successful re- sult of the remarkable scheme of Mr. Isham Randolph, . the engineer of the Chicago Drainage Canal, to raise the water in the intake of the Niagara Falls City Waterworks, which had been gradually getting lower in consequence of the abstraction of water for the great electric power works above the' falls. For this purpose a lofty tower, about 70f1.. in height, had been con- structed by the river bank on the Canadian side, close to the place • selected for the dam. The lower part of the tower, for a height of 20ft.. was formed of timber trestle-Work or staging. and the 'ifest was of cement concrete 7ft. 4in. square in section, weighing about 200 tons. This massive erection, after the concrete, had, during some weeks' exposure, become - thoroughly in- durated. was tipped Over into the river by means of jacks, the operation taking about fifty minutes. As the tower lost its balance the third section from the bottom broke across, the con- crete having been intentionally divided into six by tha introductum woode!? wedges

extending partly across tne area. Ttie vast Mare (IF concrete was almost parallel with the surface of the water as it struck, and with a loud report great volumes of water and many large boulders were thrown into the air. When the air cleared, the dam was seen lying in the river in the position it was designed to occupy, but it was only partly it,lbmerged. The section next to the top struck a boulder in the :?iver bed and broke in two, but, owing to the presence of heavy chains embedded in the concrete, the broken _ _ _ _

ections were not much displaced. On the whole, the dam is pretty nearly where it was wanted. It he almost at right angles from the shore, j,ist, below the ice-rack of the intake, and is right in the way of a fast and deep current. A barrier reef, situated somewhat further out in the stream, throws the water between the dam and the intake. The substructure of 20ft of tim- ber was washed out as designed, leaving a race- ,ay some 15ft wide for the escape of ice along the shore., The result of these operations has onen to raise the level of the water by about 12in at the outside ice-rack, and at the head o! the waterworks flume there is 7in. more in depth 0f water, while in the well at the pumping- station there is an increase in depth of 10in. it was intended to raise the water at least a foot at i,take. so that the dam can only be regarded as having partiany aitamcu its oi...k:c. it remains to be seen whether during the period of very low water this unique engineering scheme will prove an entire SIMMS.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0188.txt | included=true | included =====
MANIFESTO OF THE WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION.

A Word for Husbands and Brothers.

I The Warrington Women's Liberal Association has issued the following manifesto to the electors : GENTLEMEN, We venture to address you on behalf of the women o the above Association in regard to the exercise of your votes in the coming election. Although many of uti rent and own houses pay local rates, and bear all the burdens of citizenship, we have no voice in electing representatives to Parliament. Being unal3l3 by law to exercise the rights which ought to accompany taxation, you will, we feel sure, readily admit that a 3 women we have much at stake in the great Free F•od Issue which is to be decided, as far as IVarrington is concerned, in a few days by your votes. / FREE TRADE AND HOME IMPORTS. IWhile our husbands, brothers and sons, have mainly to do with what economists call exports, in contributing ' their share of time and strength to the world's, work and receiving a money consideration for it,it is as a rule, , the women who have to spend this money in procuring the imports required for home use. Woman's work is to secure these imports in the form of food, clothing, &c., of the best value at the lowest price.. Hitherto we , have had all the world to buy from, we have had the j world's free produce and the world's oargains at our door, and our money has gone further and bought more than the money of any women iu the world. If you value an abundance of home comforts for your wives ; and children; then safe-guard your rights by voting for the candidate who stands for free food and untaxed necessaries. DIMINISHED PURCHASING POWBR RESULTS IN LESSENED, DEMAND FOR. LABOUR.

It seems clear to us that the effect of taxing food and other home necessaries must result in lessened, purchasing power. Where the income is limit. I, and will not buy so much, something mast be done without_ The industries manufacturing the article sacrinced must, as a consequence of the lessened demand, employ less labour, pay less wages, increase the namber of the I unemployed, tend to reduce wages, nn i bring m'sery to many homes. THE CHILDREN'S LIQUOR RILL. The evils resulting from intern pomace press very hard on the women and children of our land, and all reasonable attempts to lessen these evils ought to secure the approval of emery right-miuded man and woman. Whatever ho your views about the general question of the use of intoxicating liquors, all should desire, regardless of party, to safeguard our children from the associations which too frequently gather round the sale of intoxicating liquors. We notice with great pain that the present member fi.r Warrington' Mr. Robert Pierpoint, voted against the second rending;of the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors to Children Bill. Thisl3lll, brought in by the Conservative party, was only opposed by a few who appear to have sacrificed their independence of judgment and party ties for the purpose of supporting the brewer's monopoly. The second reading was carried by :374 and only 56. against, Mr. Pierpoint being one of the SG.

Tui sount AFRICAN NVAR IND. ITS RESULTS. We cannot now enter into the difficult problems con- ! nected with the South African conflict, but we feet I moved to express our conviction that, if a saner and more Christian diplomacy had been shown by our late ' rulers, this groat human conflict might have bee 7. ; avoided. Many wives and mothers, English and Dutch, I mourn husbands and sons who now sleep their last long ; sleep 'neath the South African veldt, and long after the : present :unhealthy fiscal agitation is forgotten, th I maimed bodies and shattered health of many of thos I who have returned will lead us again and again to ask with sadness was this war just, was it necessary, was righteous? One of the reasons which induced many to suppor the war was that we might be able to secure for th lower races that freedom which Englishmea claim for every man, without distinction of colour or race. It seems a strange contradiction that a war which claimed tto he for greater human freedom should result in the ! introduction of Chines* Labour under servile and ' unnatural conditions, which would be deemed illegal, as will as immoral, in any English labour contract. I We rejoice that the first step has been taken by the new Li oeral Government to remove this stain from the honour of our beloved country. ELECTORS OF WARRINGTON! VOTE FOR CROsFIELD, THE MAN WHO STANDS FOR FREIE TRADE, PEACE, SOBRIETY AND REFORM. Signed on behalf of the Warrington Women's Liberal Association. -9?.f.....,II,73IO.ATAHRERO:IIsrpIiEO:II.iik,EiGN,s,TE: President, :SSIE DUTTON, tIiDE CROSFEFILD, Vice-Presldents. Hen. Secretary, WALKER, Hon. Treasurer.

irst of alk 4nust wish you al. ppiness for the New Year which we have just commenced. You know that at this time it is usual to make some good resolutions for the corning months, and not only make them but to carry them out. I'm very much afraid that many make very good resolutions but how many keep ' them? You must make them with the intention to carry them out. I feel sure you will all make some promise of doing better this year than last and try to do one kind action at least once a day; besides mak- ing others happy this will also add to your own happiness. I shall try and publish as many as possible of the Christmas competition tales sent me, as I feel sure it is a great pleasure to any of you to see one of your own stories in print, but one word of caution—do not make them too long in future and write very distinctly. During the next few months I shall announce various competitions, and I hope that many of you will be successful in securing prizes. With renewal of all good wishes From UNCLE NED.

- 0 - THE HAPPIEST CHRISTMAS I HAVE

EVER SPENT. The happiest Christmas I ever spent was two Years ago. We had a concert when we broke up school tor our Christmas holidays and the snow was laying very deep on the ground. The cop- cert was held in the school-room the Thursday night before Christmas Day. and I took part in it. We had a month's holiday from school, so I had nothing to do except play with my sisters, and we had great fun at snowballing and. sliding. I went to a great many Christmas parties, and we also gave one at home. We invited a great many of our school-fellows, and in the afternoon we were playing games, and in the evening we had a Christmas tree, games and singing. I en- joyed myself very much on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, and we had a great many Christ- mas singers that year. When 1 went to bed on the Christmas Eve I hung up my stocking at the foot of my bed, as many children do, ready for Santa Claus, who comes down the chimney at midnight with all kinds of toys, and oranges, apples, nuts, and cake and many other nice things. ALICE COATES.

---:0:---

Dear Uncle Ned,— I am sending you a story out of one of my books. It is called "Up a Volcano in Japan," and I think if it is good enough to print your nieces and nephews vill like it. I am glad you made me a member of the Children's League. I did not think my last story would be good enough for you as I made it up myself. I am very fond of reading. Ido hope you will like it. With love from your little CONNIE SAUNDERS. UP A VOLCANO IN JAPAN. A lady who has just returned from Japan gives the follow mg account of her ascent of an active volcano It had been a glorious August day, and we were all saying to each other, "What a night we Shall have for climbing Asimi Yama !" We had arranged to climb the volcano then, in order to see the sunrise the following day. The heat was too intense to do any climbing during the day, and the ascent was sufficiently easy to make it safe by the light of the full moon. We were staying at Karnizawa, about 18 miles distant from the volcano, and many a time during our visit we had rushed from our beds, our work, or our meals when the cry was raised " Asami Yama is at work!" and we had seen smoke 'pouring forth from the crater, sometimes in clouds, sometimes in a great pillar, generally white, but in the even- in&glorified by the glow of the setting sun. There had been no serious eruption for at least a century, but the soil of the surrounding country Must sometime have been scattered there by the volcano. For miles around the trees never seem to have a chance of growing to any size, though the fields were full of wheat, maize, and rice, and Country gay with lilies and campanulas. Thus on that bright summer evening a party of about 3o _people prepared for their midnight ent adv , ure. There were pack horses for the ladies and some of the gentlemen, led by little Japanese s_e_r,vants called " bettos" ; we had to trust our- Zolves to their tender mercies. What a funny to unt it Was! A horse with a saddle coming up 11 a Point back and front. On either side there clointiig giiipat.miers with supplies of food and extra There was no bridle, and I had to sit with my feet straight out in front of me, hanging ,!aver the horse's neck, and nothing to hold on to but the point of the saddle sticking between my knees. Certainly there were stirrups, but they were made of rough rope, and I was only allowed to putt my heels into them and not my toes—be- cause if I had fallen forward I should have dragged and not been able to free my feet. It was not a restful position. We had had enough of it by the time we were safe at home. * It was quite dark soon after we started. Our party rode in two divisions, some in front and some behind; but my betto seemed to object to company and went on steadily between the two. It was of no use for me to object, I only knew two Japanese words, and they weie not to the point. It was a horribly rough path ; I felt far from safe on my horse; the moon had not yet

NIP

===== 0002601_19060106_art0189.txt | included=true | included =====
:E TEST OF TIM

;inns, customs and manners change witt every generation, but nevertheless there are a number of our daily foods which enjoy increasing popularity from year to year,

First and.foremost among these is Cadbury's Cocoa, which has stood the test of time, as well as every other test that can be applied., The medical profession counsel the public to choose Cadbury s in preference to the many cocoa admixtures, which are sold under the name of Cocoa.

No article of domestic consUmption is more • deservedly populai than Cadbury's Cocon. From year to year the .deniond becomes greater. and the .number of British people employed in its manufacture increases

HE BEs. MARI MARY GERTI kt MARY E. S. J. V. \ Wa rrington, January Ist,l9ou. • 1 TOR BREAKFAST ' • 1 .::..• , x , . / D4RIDNKB C URY's „ .... ..„, cocoa. . ,:„...!..,. ~ . . . !,.. _ _ TIT T;

===== 0002601_19060106_art0190.txt | included=true | included =====
as pitch dark and my betto had no There seemed to be nothing to guide us .rie distant flickering of my companions' lan- .rns far ahead. Yet, though my fears were many, I was glad afterwards that I was not with them, for one lady got pitched off her horse into a neighbouring rice field. She was not hurt, but lam glad I did not know it had happened. In the midst of my fears I was able to enjoy the beauty of the flashing fire-flies and the glory of the evening primroses, which seemed to shine through the dark night. At last we reached the halting-place where we had to leave our horses. (To be continued.)

- ANSWERS TO PUZZLES. ANAGRAMS. Pictures. 2 Illustration. 3 Alto- gether. 4 Slaughter. 5 Aspirants 6 Repentance 7 Hostages. I Persistent. BEHEADINGS. Lincoln. i L-aver. 2 I-mage. 3 N-ears. 4 C-alms. 5 0-live. 6 L-abe. 7 I\-acre.

"HO, FOR SLUMBERLAND " • A little song for bedtime, when, robed in gowns of white, All sleepy little children set sail across the night Foe that pleasant, pleasant country where the pretty dream-flowers blow, 'Twixt the sunset and the sunrise, "For the Slumber Islands, ho!" When the little ones get drowsy and heavy lids droop down To hide blue eyes and black eyes, grey eyes and eyes of brown, • A thousand boats for dreamland are waiting in a

row, And the ferrymen are calling, "For the Slumber Islands, ho ! " Then the sleepy little children fill the boats along the shore, And go sailing off to Dreamland; and the dipping . of the oar In the Sea of Sleep makes music that the children only know, When they hear the boatmen's "For the Slumber Islands, ho !" Oh! take a kiss, my darlings, ere you sail away from me In the boat of dreams that's waiting to bear you o'er the sea; Take a kiss and give one, and then away you go A-sailing into Dreamland. "For the Slumber Islands, ho!"

===== 0002601_19060106_art0191.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE MAN IN THE BOY."

_ Have you ever wondered what is meant by saying, " The boy is father of the man 7 ? Here 3re a -Jew stories which may help yen to see how 'rue it is. A Swedish boy tell out of a window, ..ind was badly hurt, but, with clenched teeth, he kept back the cry of pain. The king, who saw him fall, said that such a boy would make a use- ful man in the time of danger. And so he did, for he became a famous General. An old painter used to watch a little boy who amused himself making drawings on his paint box and his stool. The ,painter said, "That 134 will beat me, one day.' He did, for he became the famous painter and sculptor, Michael Angelo. Boys can all be- come great men if they care to do so, simply by attending to their habits. They must get rid of 411 bad habits, and try to learn good ones.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0192.txt | included=true | included =====
MY BIRD "DOT."

His name was "Dot," and he was the tiniest mite, not larger than a good-sized bumble-bee. I found him one morning last summer after a severe windstorm, lying helpless, with one of his gauzy wings injured in such a way that he could not use it for flying. He was not at all fright ened wken I approached and picked him up, but looked appealingly at me out of his very small black eyes. I could not but admire the elegance Of his dress, .showing green and gold with a glowing patch of red on his breast, while his feathers were perfumed with the scent of marg. flowers. •

Naturally, 4c) small a bird did not equire mansion to in. Indeed, *Dot" tried to tell me, in the way birds have of talking, that a cozy abode would meet with his approval. I found that a paste-board box would answer th@ purpose, and when I had strewn the bottom with sweet-smelling leaves, and put a twig across it, in the way of furniture, " Dot" was installed in his new home.

He would rest quietly on his perch, dreaming, as I imagined, of the days that were gone, of the blue sky, the sweet June breeze, until, re- collection proving too strong, he would try to use his wings. Then, alas! instead of bearing him up as they were wont to do, they could give him no support, but left him to fall to the floor of his house, there to lie patiently waiting for someone to replace him in an upright position. Every morning " Dot" and I made a tour of the garden, his specks of feet resting confidently on my enormous finer. We visited every blossom in turn, and he took a little honey from each. When the season- of flowers was over, I made a mixture of sugar and water to take the place of his natural food. He did not appear to distinguish any lack in the flavour of this make-believe honey; and when I let a drop of it form on the end of my finger, he was always ready to run out his long tongue (which looked like a thread of silver) and si pit off. He seemed to thrive on this artificial diet, and would no doubt be living now had I not one fatal day placed the dish containing it too near him. 1 left him musing in his quiet way over past de- lights, but returned to find his body floating, on this sticky sea, with his dear little feathers in sad disarray. Poor " Dot "! His trials Were over, and I consoled myself by fancying that he was away in the humming-birds' heaven, happy in a garden of flowers, of which we have never seen the like.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0193.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturclay, January 6, 1906.

LALL RmytTs itEsEuvr.n. J

INSTANT RELIEF, RAP:D CURE

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

---, Sold everywhere In boxes, price I 1(56 pills) & 2,9 (108

===== 0002601_19060106_art0194.txt | included=true | included =====
LONG -VERSUS SHORT ENG ,GI'3I.I.I,NTS

BY TIM

LADY A-VA. CAMPBELL.

It is impossible to lay down a hard and fast rule on this subject. Poor humanity now-a- days is so seldom found capable 'of the strain and endurance, which a protracted matrimonial [engagement entails. l'erhaps we do Illar, inherit 'the patience of our grmidparents. Whnt m;ay the proverbs, the epitomised wisdom of human experience : " Marry in haste and repent at leisure." " Happy's the wooing that's not long a-doing." " Time tryeth Troth." As I write these words, memory recalls from the far dis- tance a beautiful picture. of married life. A stately couple over sixty, the wife especially handsome, as tall as her military husband, their mutual love and confidence only equalled by the boundless pride and affection they showed for their family of twit) daughters just grown up. These wedded lovers ' were engaged twenty years. They illustrate the old song— " E'en those who smiled to see us part Shall see us meet with wonder, Such trials only make the heart • That truly loves, grow fonder. Our sorrows past And' he our pride When, with each other vying Thou wilt confide in hint who lives Upon thy truth relying." •

Another couple tell a different story. He as, an ruidergraduate engaged himself to his "dove- eyed young cousin "; and for ten years they waited. He was a clergymen, and at last aliv- Mg was offered less than 1.300. a year. On this they married. They had not seen very lunch of each other in the long interval, nor had they felt consuming anxiety to hasten the event. It all proved very disappointing. 'The wife often described in after years the 'misery of her home- coming. No preparation bait been made for her. lack of paint, and torn papr and general dis- comfort struck her painfully. tihie cried herself to sleep in her new home, and wondered bow he " could have brought her to such a place." title has been crying more or less ever since, end has developed a temper which goes far to destroy any chance of harmony in the home. ts*.he was affectionate to a degree, capable of any amount of devotion, but his indifference to her comfort chilled her better feelings, and she never en- tirely forgave him. If they had only seen niorn of each other before marriage, she would have been disillusioned, and they would have Ip:tied by mutual consent, or would have slarti'll on matrimony's troubled sea with a clearer under- standing of each other's character.

Tn F. ENGAGEMENTS Or OUR GRAMMAR ENT s.

The happiest woman I know married after a very short engagement, and she told Int- many were the forebodings of evil to mile, Iseause matters Were so easily and so quickly 111.1aitged. She followed the fashion of her family, an illus- trious one; her grandparents met at a ball, mar.- ried soon, and as in old romances lived happily ever after ; her parents were equally precipitate and fortunate, and as fcr herself up to now the gods have showered every good gift upon her, beautiful, talented, well-born, mated in her own degree, she and her splendid children are a picture of happiness rare to see. Judging from old stories our grandparents were far more im- pulsive than ourselves. One story used to de- light me. " Aunt, aunt," said a flushed. breathless, excited girl at the end of an even- ing's entertainment, "he has asked me, and I have said yes." " Calm yourself, Louisa," re- plied her dignified relative in measured tones, but there was no calm in the matter. A gallant young fellow eagerly pressed for an interview next morning, and in a short tune two young hearts were betrothed, and married with parem- tal consent, and though they never met till that night, had no cause to regret the hasty decision. Another rather absurd story, 1 can vouch for, and years ago the old couple were pointed out to me. A regiment of militia were bi•ing marched Into a country town. As they crossed over ii bridge, it tall girl attracted the captain's atten- tion ; his eyes followed her with ardent gaze, and he involuntarily uttered.his thoughts aloud, " That is my wife if ever I have one." It all shortly came to pass, and I remember the old lady telling my mother " they had been mar- ried more than forty years, and would gladly have every year of the time over again." Sadden, emotions are by no means Always to be trusted ; yet ii good deal of experience con- firms my belief in the truth of first' impressions. 1 have often for a while changed the opinion had formed at first sight of a person's elitsstc- ter, and almost always after still furtblr ac- quaintance, reverted to my original impreseott. And so I am a believer in love mid friendship ,t first sight. Some of us are quick to recognis.,,,, kindred sp nt. and in a higher degree, but also ln common with the animal creation, we poscess instincts which seldom betray us.

SORE INSTANCES—TRUE LOVE AND pßrEnnsm.... One might multiply instances on both sides. One - happy couple 1 know were engaged three weeks. They had met a few months previously. Another equally happy. He made up his mind in the first ten minutes of their acquaint- ance that if possible he would win her, and their engagement was proportionately short, followed by four years of happiness—ended by death. Another fell in love aii. boy •of twenty, and for twelve long years carried her photograph abont in his wanderings, and her image in his heart. She knew nothing about it, and had many lovers. At last they met, were engaged three months, and married, but they are not mated. rather manacled together. The beauty and charm which took his young heart captive and which some women seem never entirely to Jose are still powerful, but she has other gifts which he cannot appreciate, and in aim of life, in mind and heart, they are as far asunder as the poles. I wish to write only of true love, very rre perhaps, but " this love is of the heart, the mind, the brain," and to such lovers a long ,m- -gagement, when it entails sepanttion, especially, means a great deal of suffering. " the dull deep anguish of patience." :Much depends, however, on the tempennuent. There is another side to all this. " Absence bestows a refined and, aerial delicacy upon affection, which it with difficulty acquires any .other way. It seems to resemble the communication of spirits without the Medi- um or impediments of this earthly frame." lint surely this can be true only of those rarefied and exalted mantes one meets but seldom, but re- members always, 'A clever writer on this subject remarked lately, I am told, in a leading ladies' paper that a Jong etaga,enient was harassing front this point of view A woman does not like to feel that her lover is among the hindmost in the nice of life; others are successfi il. but not he, failure attends his well directed efforts. He has ability and industry primps, but lacks that power of seizing the opportunity, striking while the iron is Init, that goes .so far to ensure success. As she sits on, eating her heart out, with some hard natures, love, or what she took for love, degenerates into an almost con- temptuous pity. COMPANIONSUTP, AND VSIVERSAL NERD. Now trAy should engagements be rang Parents are often to blame, they forget their own youth. they minimise the importance of pl'irrillge. To quote Dean Pijon, " Marriage is Oh I' second to the crdinance of the Sabbath." It is the list, rill state of manhood and woman- hood. The celibate life on either side is un- natural. It is it sacrifice to lose the son or daughter who contributes all the brightness left to life. Let them erown the dignity of parent- age, which in itself involves so much self-de- nial with_ this further renunciation.

But a far more prevalent reason is love of ma- terial good. We must hare so much luxury or comfort. We cannot marry as our parents ' did. I have a theory that there is only so much power in each of ns, and if we spend too freely on the gratification of one part of our being, the other goes starving. Companionship, after re— ligion, is the highest need of our nature. In- deed why religion so answers to our great,' wants is because it reveals a Presence, whose ' love and sympathy never leave us desolate. Now human love is the reflex. of this. No eitse' of life, no fullness of purse can be compared to , the " love of men and women when they love their best, closest and sweetest." Does it satisfy " to walk in silk attire and siller tine to spare ? when we have to sit down by the ' fireside with one whose ideals and principles and tastes differ radically from our own ? how lonely life is, where there is no real friendship, no answering sympathy in our hour of need. lu what lie the riches of life? In love QI Got:

===== 0002601_19060106_art0195.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

FIRST DIVISION.

--___. Goals P. W. L. D. For agst. Pt!. Warrington Aibions Stockton Heath Orford Barracks Oughtrington Park 5 4 1 0 20 10 8 Lymm Thelwall 'B 2 3 3 12 IG 7 Vulcan A.F.C. WidneAs St. Ambrose 8 1 3 4 9 11 6 Costner Kellner 7 1 4 2 12 19 4 _. . ...-SECOND DIVISION. .....

Latchford Christ Chi-11:(1—. --1-2.-9'—(l. 3 26 14 21 Stockton Heath Res. l3 8 3 2 29 13 18 Warrington Albion Res. l2 8 4 0 20 19 16 Widnes St. Ainbrose Res— 12 6 3 3 23 11 15 St. Barnabas l4 6 5 3 29 30 15 Vul,..an Rea. Warrington St. Paul's Rarlestown Y.M.C.A l2 4 6 2 20 26 10 Castner Kellner Res. ll 3 5 3 14 16 9 Halton A.KC. ll 2 6 3 13 21 7 Daresbury 12 1 7 4 13 23 6 Oughtrington St. Peters Widnes St. Paula __ 11 1 7 3 6 30 5

Matches for January 6th, 1906. Thelwall v. Albions.

Castner Kellner v. Oughtrington Park. Albion Res. v. Halton. Stockton Heath Res. v, Christ Church.

Widnes St. Pauls v. Vulcan.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0196.txt | included=true | included =====
tiP 7 • -7

_ .N D rff

I:Y/1' ' '0 a

WL DS.

FOLLOW THIS UP. A NEW BUSINESS

FOR YOt OR YOUR SON. CHIPS* SAWDUST FIREI.IOHURS. GLOVER'S Patent Machinery. MAKES (Saves 12 to 80 merta work) mann% , M. GLOVER & CO.. Saw Mill Mini:leers, LEE

===== 0002601_19060106_art0197.txt | included=true | included =====
IEaIIIIMIIMIIIIMIIik

===== 0002601_19060106_art0198.txt | included=true | included =====
ED/A/BURGH

COFFEE i ESSENCE.

r

~A.OE MARA

IJNUM.CAThARTICUMPI

• - FOR INDIGESTION 6 ITS EVILS. 510(41EADAGHE • BILIOUS DERANGENEN. AWAGREEABLE APERIEN:r

-liik\r'S TIC PILLS-- ••• • CURE RAGEAGHE 8. NEURALGIA

• - • .• REFUSE' sueS77TUTES. ,ouDAY

FALL CMENISTS

===== 0002601_19060106_art0199.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11. :CORD

===== 0002601_19060106_art0200.txt | included=true | included =====
..-'' I ._:_,

BIRD'S Hot Custard

,7„.„.._ (......... , Th,e,are.i.r:p: jpyr ir which s G „.siste rn aciopseollwdinff. Rich and Delicice)

with Plum Puddings

===== 0002601_19060106_art0201.txt | included=true | included =====
CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,378. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used in the Royal Laimdries. Should be used in every house. Once tried, niwaFn wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW ___ greatest boon ever offered to the 'Laundress for Imparting aa Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, &c. It does not stick to spider-web-like materials. Bold everywhere in Packets at Id.. 3,1., and Eid. each. PREPARED nary BY

T. CRITCIII.I3Y. Chemist. BLneKßutinv. 7, Whtteernis Street, London. B.C. The

zo.ooo Boxes Absolutely Free.

AMERICAN 'COLDEN TABLETS

rrerot priceless value for the Relief of all Female Ailments :Coated with Gold. Prepared with Drugs.

WORTH THEIR WEIGHT IN GOLD They are tar superior to Bitter Apple. Steel, an Pennyroyal, and all similar preparations

Marvellous cures are recorded daily.

Prices, post free, in plain wrapper, 1 3 (3 boxes 2eh

direct only from the

American Drug Stores, 10 Walworthißd.,London

A Free Sample!(%ithreestimonial,) forwarded to any lady cm receipt of stamped addressed envelope

I • til 40 0 -1, A 1 4 .., , - s The

===== 0002601_19060106_art0202.txt | included=true | included =====
MERRYWEATHER ON

WATER SUPPLY

FIRE PROTECTION

of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements.

WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS: ERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

111 Tb 124 VERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING

JOHN WALKER & CO.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0203.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER OFFICE,

BEWSZY SIREET, WARRINGTON

PRICE LIM'S Printed on card or paper lllue rated, it required. FOR

PROGRAMMES CONCERTS SOIREES

FETES.

TEL PARTIES SERMONS

BALLS

MEETINGS &c., Arc PRINTING. OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for School, Seri:none, tervicee of Bong. Festivals. de.

PROGRAMMBq for Entertainment., Concer &c., in the latest artistic style.

gPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION. Li WORKS.

SICK, RECEIPT. and SUBSORIP lON BOOBS Ptlnted, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order. nATALOG

El? fur Public and Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any eiz or pattern on blue, white or fancy pane!.

ADDRESS or VlrslTltili CARD- Printed from plate or t pr.

UlttULAttOintu, neatest. Styloi, trom mutle In type, and of the best workmanship.

POSTFRS OF ALL SIZES BANCRS: CONCERTS. BAZAARS. BRTINGS. SPORTS. SERFICRS, TRA. PARTIES. AN NOUNCIRMIINTS. Attention is invited to our NW FOUNTS OF TYPES and WOOD LbTTER for Large Posters. FOR ALL RUMS OF PRAT POSTERS EXTRA LAMOR 40 x 60 One Sbeet.

L ETTERP RS 8 PRINTING

IN ALL ITS BR kNCHES. THE "EXAMINFR" PRINTING OFFICE 'TELEPHONE No. 355 Y.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0204.txt | included=true | included =====
'i7:..;T4.rf-,77,`-'•::', :4't.i,",'-': '', ~, -j-,',....-,' p: '.! , : ,•I')t..ii,','.;:;`:'.,-. •

===== 0002601_19060106_art0205.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ELECTION CAMPAIGN,

POLLING DAY FIXED,

Warrington's Wave of Liberal Enthusiasm.

REPORTS OF THE WEEK'S MEETINGS.

In a little over a week the electors of Warrington will be called upon to return a representative to Parlia- ment. The• writ for the election is expected to be received on Tuesday next, and on that assumption the Mayor has definitely fixed the polling day for the following Monday—January 15th. Nominations must be in by January 12th. With the near approach of the momentous day, both parties are hard at work and meetings have already been held in several wards. On the Liberal side there is every confidence as to the issue and remarkable enthusiasm and unity prevail amongst the army of workers who have rallied in defence of Free Trade and all the best that Liberalism stands for. Of mural literature there is already a great display, the hoard- ings having been literally "painted red"with a sprink- ling of blue. Next week there will be meetings every night and electors of every part of the town will have the issues effectively placed before them.

did not want to draw in Mr. Crosfleld, but if he was in the House of Commons ko would go so far as to give Home Rule to Ireland for all domestic uses but he would never go so far as to give a Parliament to Ireland independent of this country. However much they would like to give perfect

HOMZ RULE to Ireland he would not allow anything which would in the sljghtest degree endanger or bring about a separa- tion of Ireland from England, but he wanted to see Ireland treated fairly and in a manner which was con- sistent with good government and common sense. (Ap- plause.) With reference to the fiscal policy he hoped he took a broad minded view of the question. He was always being told that German competition would be the undoing of this country and that we should never, ' under any circumstances,take any goods from Germany. He was in the unfortunate position of sending goods to Germany and it was possible that if we kept out the German goods his German friends might object to receive his gooda. (Hear, hear.) He had travelled in Germany and made the acquaintance of German work- ing men and if there was one thing whicn the German envied more than any other it was the position which the English workingmen occupied. If he wrote to-morrow and told the German workingmen that he could find work for them in England they would tumble over each other to get here and to leave their own protected country. Germany sent to us £39,000,000 worth of goods while we sent to Germany goods to the value of £36,000,000 so that there was no very great difference. There was,however,adifference and that was that while we sent to Germany manufactured in partly manufactured goods, Germany's export, in a large measure consisted of raw materials and food stuffs. (Applause.) He had visited Saxony the centre of the German textile industry and bad compared the con- ditions of work with the conditions in Lancashire. The German commenced work at 6 o'clock on Monday morning and finished at 6 o'dlock on Saturday night and while in Lancashire the average wage was 255. per week the German received 15s. or 183. In Saxony beef,' as we knew it,was very much dearer than in Englandand the men could not afford to buy it and had to eat horse meat. He did not see anything wrong in eating horse I meat but he fancied that if a round of horse meat were offeted to a British workingman there would very soon be a row. (Applause.) If the German could not get horse meat he eat dog meat and he knew it to be a positive fact as he bad spoken to men who had clubbed together and bought a dog and then divided it. A German newspaper stated that the horse slaughter-houses in Munich were becoming too small. Ten years ago 500 horses were killed where as last year the number had increased to 3,000. Last month 375 horses were killed in Munich, the largest number ever known, and the paper went on to say "This number it is expected will be exceeded in December as more than 100 animals were killed during the first week of the month." Germany was highly protected and be believed we would have the same condition of things in England if Protection was adopted. (Applause.) The imports into England of food and drink and raw materials amounted to £413.000,000 while only £135,000,000 worth of manufactured articles were imported. Their Tory friends stated that the unemploy- ment in England was increasing. He had taken out figures with reference to that. The only trades in which there had been a falling of in employment had been the textile industry, dressmaking and tailor- ing. To compensate for this there had been

AN INCREASE r THE NUMBED. EMPLOYED in transport of 24 per cent., in building 36 per cent., in metal workers 26 per cent., coal mines 24 per cent., paper and printing 26 per cent., and furniture and wood 27 per cont. (Applause). He had lived in the days of Protection, and had seen potatoes 50s. a load. He had known working men who only tasted butcher's meat once a year. He would be told that in that he was exasgerating, but he could assure them that it was a positive fact. (Hear, hear.) lie had seen men working in the leather trade at Latchford, when he was an apprentice, young, strong, and intelligent men, working from 6 o'clock in the morning until 6 o'clock at night, for six days in the week, for 2s. a day. (Applause.) Under Free Trade he had seen the hours of work decrease in number, and wages go up, and if he might advise ' them he would say" by all the power which you have I stick to the big loaf which Free Trade has brought into existence." (Applause). Mrs. HOLMES at this stage read the manifesto issued to the electors by the Warrington Women's Liberal Association, a copy of which we reprint in another COluran.

Mr. C. E. PARKER said he was downright proud of the Warrington women and was glad that the Liberal candidate recognized the justice of the claim which the women householders made for the right to vote. Women by paying taxes helped to keep the country and to his mind they had every right to help to govern the country. (Applause.) There was no doubt that Pro- tection was the great issue upon which the election would be fought although, as they would have noticed, the Tories were running away from the question and were seeking cover under the cry of retali- ation and imperialism. There was no doubt in his mind that if by any mischance a Tory Government was re- turned to power it would not be a question of retalia- tion but a question of Protection. (Applause.) Mr. Parker in conchtsion spoke of the conditions of living in Germany, stating that thousands of horses were ex- ported from England to that country where they were made into sausages which commanded a higher price than beef sausages in England. He Ms') clearly illu- strated how the introduction of Protection would divert energy to trades which were least profitable and take away energy from trades which were moat profit- able. (Applause.) Alderman Pierpoint in calling upon Mr. Crosfleld said their candidate would only address them briefly as he Nr4i reserving his remarks for Friday's demonstration.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0206.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRAMME OF MEETINGS.

The frllowing is the programme of meetings:— This (Friday) evening, Parr Hall, chairman, Mr. C. E. Parker. .

Monday evening, Thick-street Mission, chairman, Councillor Magian. Tuesday evening, Orford School, chairman, Coun- cillor Wilkinson. ' _

Wednesday evening, National Schools, chairman Councillor Clegg. Thursday evening, St. Peter's School, chairman, Mr. W. Furness. _ _

_ Friday evening, St. James' School, chairman, Alderman Tinnion. Fairfield School, chairman, Mr. George Walker. Saturday evening, Parr Hall, chairman, Mr. C. E. Parker. _

Addresses will be delivered at these meetings by the candidate (Mr. Crosfield), Mr. Wm. Madden and others. In addition to the above meetings, the Junior Liberal Association has arranged for a meeting in the Workingmen's Mission School, Thewlis-street, on Wednesday evening, at which the candidate Will speak. On Friday evening, a meeting under the auspices of the Progressive Labour League will he held in Sankey Bridges Wesleyan school. Mr. A. Birch will preside, and the speakers will include Mr. .T. Elwell and Mr. John Walters (ironworkers), and Mr. Thomas Barnes.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0207.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL MEETING AT LATCHFORD.

ENTHUSIASTIC PROCEEDINGS.

Speeches by Mr. A. P. Grosfiehl,

Alderman Pierpoint, & Mr. W. Madden.

THE GREAT ISSUE.

The Liberal election campaign opened most encouragingly on lyeduesday evenintz with a public meeting iu the Parish Room,- Lateliford. The pro- ceedings nu.gurecl well for the success of the peat cause, for their WaS a crowded_ attendance and the

greatest enthusiasm prevailed. Not a single dissentient note was raised and% resolution pledging support to Mr. A. H. Crosfield was carried unanimously. Alderman Pierpoint presided and was supported on the platform by the candidate, Mr. W. Madden, Mr. C. E. Parker, the Rev. Joseph Ellison, Mr. E. J. Guest, Mr. and Mrs. C. Jackson Holmes, Mr. and Mrs. Felix Maginn, Mr. Joseph Howes, Mr. Shakeshaft, Mr. Bryant and others.

ALDERMAN PIERPOINT AND PROTECTION. Alderman Pimom said that hail he consulted his ease he would not have occupied the position which he had assumed that evening, but he thought , the importance of the occasion was such that it would not be right even for the oldest member of the Liberal party to refuse to put his hand to the fight that Was before them. In all his political experience, which extended over a great number of years he did not know of any political fight which had happened in War- rington which had been of greater importance than the one in which they were eagaged and which he hoped would be carried on strenuously, honestly and with fair play. (Hear, hear, and applause.) He was one of those broad-minded politicians who recognized that it was a good thing to have a strong Government but he claimed that it was also good that there should be a strong and honest opposition in order that they might criticise and amend if desirable any question of political importance which might be put before the country by the party which was in power. He might criticise any intenaed action which might be regarded as honest by the party which proposed it, but which he looked upon as dis- honest and not in the best interests of the country,but he would do that cautiously and fairly and would not use personalities of any kind. (Applause). It had been said by one of his old friends that in a speech which he made a alien time ago at a meeting of thd Junior Liberal Association he used words which had a tendency to lower the standard of political fighting in Warrington. In his whole experience it had been his endeavour in Warrington to raise the tone of political fighting and to avoid personalities. (Hear, hear.) He desired publicly to assure his old friend that if he said anything which was in the direction.indicated be did not wish his remarks to behr such meaning and he tendered his apology. (Hear, hear.) They were at the start of a great political fight and he was pleased that the first meeting should be held in Latchford Ward and that there should be such a large audience. (Applause.) :We had had ten years' of undiluted Tory rule.-ten years in which the Tories had had a magnificent working majority and in which they night have done an incalculable amount of good to the country—but he ventured to say,that the great object of the past Governu.ent had been to maintain itself in office and to preserve the interests of .their friends. (Hear, hear). He would ask any workingman or any business man to point out if they could, any good to them personally which had resulted from the ten years' of Tory rule. (Applause). The Tory Govern- ment very cleverly passed I THE AGRICULTURAL RELIFF AUT.

which operated in the direction at lessening the rates paid by farmers by one half. That was all very well so far as it went but the taxes were placed on the shoulders of householders like himself. In other words in order that the agricultural party might pay less rates. The Tory Government made men, situated as he was, pay more. (Applause.) The Tory Government had also increased the expenditure of the country to a remark- able extent, and he, personally, failed to see where he had received the slightest benefit from that increased expenditure, and he did not see how workingmen were any better in consequence. (Applause.) He was once looked upon as a pro--13oer—(applause)—because he did snot believe in the sinister influence which were at work in order to bring about that war. (Applause.) He was a pro-Boer, and he delighted in We: fact, and be found that gentlemen who blamed him for assuming such a position had ad- mitted that they were wrong and that he was right. (Applause). The war in South Africa was brought about by the mining magnates in the rand aud furthered by a British statesman in the person of a gentleman who had been speaking at Birmingham the previous night and who, he thought, was playing the game of foiitics very low indoed--(hear. hear)--and who had sunk to a lower plane than he (the spettis.er) hoped he would ever do. (Applause). With regard to their candidate there could he no doubt as to the capability or capacity of Mr. Co-Afield who filled his ideal of what a Liberal candidate for Warrington ought to be. (Applauze). Warrington was a great working centre that was growing in Importance and which would be- come one of the largest centres of industry in South West Lancashire. That being so who could better represent a working-man constituency than a man who was at the head of a large business concern as Mr. Cros- field was. (Hear. hear). Mr. Crosdeld wasan exceedingly good business man and was Also an ardent politician The firm of which Mr. Crosfield was the head employed, 2.600 people and he ventured to predict that in ten years they woold employ isffie people—(applause)—and that they would have no difficulty in finding hands to work for them—(applause)—because everyone at the tumid did his best to promote the comfort of their workpeople. (Applause.) He (Mr. Pierpoint) was not only a pro-Boer but he was a home ruler and he was not Ashamed to say so. He was speaking for himself and

===== 0002601_19060106_art0208.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CANDIDATE'S SPEECEI-

Mr. A. H. CROSHELD had a splendid reception on rising to address the meeting. He announced his inten- tion of accepting the Chairman's timely hint, pointing out that another reason which influenced him to do so was that they were to have the pleasure of an address from the most gifted orator he had ever listened to as a native of Warrington. (Applause.) The speeches which had been made by their Chairman and their esteemed President, and also the compact but at the same time most comprehensive manifesto which he was so happy to see the ladies of Warrington ware issuing— and which he hoped.ruight find its way into most if not all tho households of Warrington—had covered so much ground that he did not think there was a great field open to himself. On

TEIIII GREAT PISCA-1. QUFBTION they had had allusions to mAny different articles and foodstuffs, and Mr. Parker had conveyed to them It vivid illustration of the sort of stuff that their friends in Germany had to put up with. After all it was curious that the unfortunate people in that country were driven to re- sort, as Mr. Parker told them from the Blue Books, in increasing quantities to horse flesh and dog flesh, if they enjoyed alt the advantages of either a protected or preferential tariff which Mr. Chamberlain was holding out as such a great temptation to us. Ile promised us extraordinary things—more employmentv and higher wages—and never answered the simple questions we put to him. It would indeed be very nice if we could get all these things and make the foreigner pay all our tolls and taxes. It all sounded very charming —it was a sort of

- Jerusalem the golden with milk and honey blest, And a coat of many colours should be Joseph's latest crest. (Laughter.) Theo they had the late Premier telling them that he would not touch it at all—his policy was neither Free Trade nor Protection. They had the Doke of Devon- shire—(applause)—in his manifesto to the Free Trade , League saying that not only through b is Ion; experieuce lin Parliament, but, now that the bite Government had ended he had still no earthly idea of what Mr. Balfour meant. (Laughter.) When they had the honest Duke of Devonshire saying that, one really began to wonder if their friend Mr. flolfour himself knew quite what he !meant. (Laughter.) lie (Mr. Crosneld) had in a little doggerel of his own suggested a crest for their friend " Joe." (Laughter.) If Mr. Balfour wanted a crest there was no question what would suit him best. They should give him the three legs of the Isle of Men with the thing turning round so that they could never tell on which leg he stood. (Laughter.) And so this game had gone on.lle (?Jr. Crestield) called it the game of the tight-roping mystery. (Laughter.) They had been dancing on the tight rope all the time and juggling, and as our honest Premier— (apoause)—had said, it had simply been a game of 'tactics and apiece of

===== 0002601_19060106_art0209.txt | included=true | included =====
MOCKERY AND SHAM

from beginning to end. The public were unfortunately very easily gulled a few years since, and fifty years ago John Bright said it was almost hopeless in any democracy to appeal solely to reason when the war fever was abroad. (Hear, hear.) It was Ms (Mr. Crostield's) belief that that was what had brought Mr. Chamberlain to grief. He found that he succeeded so well at that time in playing to the gallery in the style of which he wan such an accomplished master, that he really believed a little bit of the same misty illusion would deceive people over this grest national question, and blind them to the solid facts and the real nature of the question. He had , made a most fatal mistake. (Hear, hear.) If they read ' his speech delivered the previous evening, they would see that even in the town where he said he was amongst his own people, in the town he professed to rule, in his own home country, in the centre of Birmingham, they were beginning to see there was a screw loose some- where. (Applause.) IM r. Chamberlain played a selfish game many years ago when he professed to be and was

===== 0002601_19060106_art0210.txt | included=true | included =====
•

:t•

' ••".", . ; i^4 .14';14,4 ' -; • - . it ; t..'l` 4.1

,t 'OO

•

===== 0002601_19060106_art0211.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Sa

it very advanced Radical. Many of them remembered ! his days of the unauthorized programme. It was not a grateful game to play to try and forestall one of the• • noblest leaders we ever had in England. —(Applause.) Their good friend, Mr. F. Monks—who, by the way, I carefully avoided answering his (Mr. Crostleld's) ques- tions although he (Mr. Crosfield) had replied to his— said he (the speaker) was tilled with bitter hatred,—he supposed Mr. Monks meant bitter personal hatred— against Mr. Chamberlain. Although

MK. MONKS W4S MISTAK EN in that respect, because, of course, one could admire Mr. Chambei lain's courage, humour and other strong points of his character, still he (Mr. Crosfield) honestly thought it was moit necessary to criticise the less favourable part of the character of a man, who, for the very reason that he had such an influence over the English democracy, ought to recognize his responsibili- ties—(applanse)—and to refuse to play a part which had been called by Lord Spencer, one of our noblest minded statesmen, an unscrupulous part—a more unscrupulous part than he (Mr. Crosfield) thought had ever been played by a statesman of Mr. Chamberlain's ability and exercising his influence over the democracy of the country. (Applause.) Therefore remembering the part Mr. Chamberlain had played, remembering his pitiless bitterness to every opponent, his lack of magnanimity at times to those who opposed him, they were not going to show him undue compassion when he tried to lead them on to that unspeakable policy—the last throw of -a Government which had such a record behind it. When they came to vote at the next election they had two things to think of—the record of the last ten years and all that it meant and also the programme that the progressive party had put in the foreground and which they intended to work for after they had protected Free Trade. Mr. Crosfield warned his hearers not to be diverted from the great issues of the contest by any of the paltry red herrings which in their despair their opponents were beginning to draw across the trail. firt would ask them not to be wise after the event this time, but to take time by the forelock and certainly to take their coats off for the fight. (Loud spplause.)

THE RESOLUTION. STIRRING SPEECH BY MR. W. MADDEN. Mr. W. MADDEN, in an eloquent and stirring speech, moved : "That this meeting having heard Mr. Cros- field considers him as a fit and proper person' to repre- sent this Borough in Parliament and it pledges itself to do all in its power to return him triumphantly at the head of the poll." He said they had that night had some slight taste of Mr. Crosfield's fighting qualities and they could judge by the manner in which he had reserved hirqelf that he was thinking a great deal of the responsibility which was placed upon his shoulders. They were members of a party which consisted of all the intellects as compared with the Tory party, because they were not men who blindly followed leaders. They were men,each in his individual capacity, who thought for themselves. They did not follow the lead either of Mr. Disraeli, Mr. Chamber- lain, or Mr. Balfour, and come up like beaten curs at the crack of the party whip. They took time to think for themselves and they stood on a platform like that. each with a full sense of the responsibility that rested upon hint, representing different nationalities anl shades of religion to which they belonged. (Applause). They had come there to elect a member for Warrington and not for Cyprus. (Laughter and applause.) In the disposition of Tory honours the late Prime Minister might very well have given Mr. Robert Pierpoint the Governorship of Cyprus. (Laughter.) He might also have sent him further to the Island of Samos to pursue his studies of Home Rule. (Laughter.) As a politician who for fourteen years had misrepresented the town —(lan ghter)—and done nothing for it, Mr. Pierpoint came down here and coolly told the people of IVarrington that he knew more about Home Rule in the different parts of the world— and certainly in the island of Samos—(laughter)—than the late Mr. Gladstone. He (Mr. Maiden) asked his hearers, whether at the crack of the whip of the brewer, Sir Gilbert Greenall, and of his interest and all the class interests of this town, they were going to return a dummy to represent them in the House of Commons. (Applause.) The parties had been invited to express the hope to one another that the election would be fought with kid gloves and a lot of rose water. (Laugh- ter.) So far as he was concerned, he was a free lance and he was there to win. They went into that light to win—(applause)—and he was convinced that Warrington could be wrested from the dominion of the Tory party. He wanted to be perfectly honest and straightforward. Most of them knew his nationality and his religion and it was because of both of them that he was on the Liberal platform that night. He had no mealy-mouthed fear as to what the Liberal party would do in the amendment of

THE EDCCATION: ACT. He looked on a candidate like gr. Crosdeld as a man not to be sent to Parliament as a delegate, but as a representative. He believed in giving a latitude to the frame of mind, thonght and action of such a candidate. He had every faith, from the knowledge he had of 111 r. Gros&ld and the pleasant contact that had passed between their minds, that he might safely as a Catholic trust the interests he had at heart more than any ether interest in life, in the hands of a man who came from such a stock as Mr. Crosfiell (Applause). He did so not because he relied on um immense power which seventy Trish Catholic members must have in the House of Commons when that Act came to be "amended. Whether the solution of ttie Catholic difficulty was to be sep9rate treatment for them or that they should have control of their own schools, he knew that there would be many free open minded and liberal men in the Liberal party who would see that justice was done and that there was a fair discussion. (Applause). Lie had FAITH IN THE LIBEHAL PARTY

and he had faith also in the Nonconformists to this extent—they were all prasent on that platform under the banner of Liberalism, and there was room for all. On that platform there were Churchmen, Quakers, Catholics and Nonconformists and there was room for all who marched together shoulder to shoulder in the cause of religious liberty. (Applause.) If he turned to some portion of the members of his own community —those whom he might properly describe as the English) Catholic portion—he found that they were largely in alliance with the Tory party. He gave them credit for being in alliance because they believed the Tory party would do more for religious education in the schools than the Liberal party. He knew further , that they were largely directed into that alliance by ' their want of sympathy for the national struggles of Ireland. (Applause.) Speaking as far as hecould,to his fellow Catholics—those of his own nation and of his own religion—he said that their best interests as in the past hundred years lay now in a close and firm alliance with the Liberal party. (Applause.) Proceeding to allude to the fiscal question, Mr. Madden RAM his candid belief was that no matter what manufactures sprang up in the other countries of the world, we COULD SOT BE DF.FFATED

in the struggle for supremacy in trade so long as we became an intelligent, educated people. It was not by the cowardly system of putting onProtective tariffs that we could stop the intellectual ad vance of the world. During the past fifty or sixty years the different nations on the continent had improved their education. They had gottheir technical smells and theirscientists. They had people who brought their brains to help in their work. He did not care what tariff we raised or how we protected the inteeests of the country,—we could never maintain our supremacy unless we educated our work- people and placed ourselves in a position to heat 3ther nations not by Protection but by the superiority of our 'goods. (Applause.) It was only 30 years,continned Mr. Madden,. since the so-called alliance between the Tory party and the English Catholics—an alliance Which was more visionary than real. The Tories and the Catholics were hereditary enemies. At the time of the great struggle in the House of Commons for the emancipa- tion of Roman Catholic people the majorities which gave that freedom were composed of the Nonconform- ists and dissenters of those days. They would find that the Nonconformists struggled for the removal of the iniquities in Corporation Acts and acted in association with the Catholics whom they helped to emancipate. (Applause.) He would stand by Mr.Cros- flAd as a duty due to his Liberalism and his Catholicity and he had no doubt that without the slightest outrage to the Nonconformist conscience Mr. Crosfield would be able to make a declaration which would he satisfactory to those whom he (Mr. Madden) represented. Apart from that issue there was no platform for men of intelligence other than the Liberal platform. Mr. Chamberlain, continued Mr. Madden, was a political trickster and was A DANOER. TO TIM CDUN FRY, and for the safety of the country they should hurl him from power. (Applause.) It was five years since Mr. Chamberlaia said the war was over. Those were dark days for no Liberal dared to express his sympathy with the struggling nation in South Africa because 1" Empire " WAS the game. We had to carry the flag of ' England to the uttermost confines of the globe. Mr. Chamberlain preyed upon the patriotism of the people and so the Boer War was entered into. We were told 1 that the flag of England was in danger and volunteers flocked to the front to uphold the flag. From War- rington lads went out and assisted to secure the mines. The Jews had built stately palaces in Park-lane and were now enjoying the discornforture of the English race. (Hear, hear.) Volunteers from every village in the country responded to Mr. Chambor- lain's battle cry, but how many went from Birming- ham ? Did they send out a regiment ? Did they do more than manufacture the bullets which killed their own fellow countrymen ? The price of blood was upon the town and the arch-spiller of that blood was the man who was trying to set the nation by the ears. What sort of patriotism did they expect from such a man ? (Applause.) Mr. Chamberlain spoke of the spectre of • john Redmond being behind Sir Henry Campbell-Banner- man, but behind Mr. Chamberlain was the gaunt spectre of the South African war pointing its bloody finger at him, and like Macbeth as the ghost came up, Mr. Chamberlain quailed, and to lay the ghost summoned up the ghost of Protection. (Applause.) The commercial men rose against him upon the question. That failed him and the

===== 0002601_19060106_art0212.txt | included=true | included =====
HOME RULE CRY_

was raised, but that cry -tra-S-r;;.t goiez to work. Sir Henry Gimpbell-Bannerman had said he would not introduce a Home Rule Bill. When a Home Rule Bill did come they were not sure that it would not come from the Tories—(laughter, and applause)—who bad

===== 0002601_19060106_art0213.txt | included=true | included =====
,January 6, 1906.

played with tha question. Twenty years ago Mr. Chamberlain went to see Mr. L'arnell,in gaol, to arrange a Home Rule Bill for Ireland, but the " Grand old man" was to wise for him :ad started first and as a result the Liberal Unionist party was formed. Only I last year we were nearer Home Rule than we ever had been in our lives. (Applause). With reference to Pro- tection he only need refer them to Mr. Chamberlain's speeches in the past. He asked them fairly what had happened during the past twenty years to prove that then Mr. Chamberlain was telling untruths. (Applause.) Protection would be good for certain classes, but was it not better that 30,910,00 people should have cheap food and clothing rather than that a few people should amass collossal fortunes? That was the Liberal doctrine —the greatest good to the greatest number of people. (Applause.) They were united upon one platform to follow out the

considered by the artiztns of Warrington —not merely by Liberals or Radicals or the Independent L them. Party, but he thought by the artizans of alt sail-s of opinion, because it was a very serious matter. As against what %Ir. Outhwaite urged, they were told that the white luta would not work alongside the coloured man. Wel; pertly; not altogether. Bet wile the Kaffir WAS doing the drill ‘v.)rk,the white min wasquite prepared to do the cyanide process,and he( Nlr.Crosdeld) was convinced that by white men and the Kanrs of our colony out there all the work could have beau done with , out Chinese labour. (Applause.) lie was perfectly satisfied from the information which they bid got in the newspapers, and from other information which he hl done his best to acquire, that the main reason why the Chinaman ever came in was what, in fact,the mine-owners themselves had told us—that they would not have a British proletariat there. When it was proposed that they should have high-class trade union labour—and it was pointed out that the mines on the rand were better suited for white labour than any other gold mines in the world—they said" Oh no ! It is not merely a question of wages, but when we give representative government to the Transvaal the white men will have votes." Those votes, it was feared, would toll their tale, and, in the language of the mine owners, the trail of trade udionisin wmld be spread over the land. He thought that was a pretty fair explanation of the:reason why they considered it was a field for labour of a very low class. A lot of these Chinamen who went over to South Africa were quite

'What the Tories have said with regard to the employ- ment of foreigners they are prepared to prove at once, provided Mr, Crosfield, or his champion, Mr. Henry Roberts, will undertake to pay to the Warrington Infirmary the sum of £lOO if the Tories substantiate the statement they have put forth. "If not the state- ment will be proved at a meeting before the polling day, due notice of which will be given." Mr. Roberts promptly accepted the challenge in the following terms ;—" With reference to the second placard issued by the Conservative Party, I beg to say that my colleagues and myself are prepared to allow an inspection of oar wages books, either by Mr. Draper, Conservative Election . agent, or Mr. Alderman Bennett, hon. treasurer to the Conaervativa Association, for the purpose of dis- covering whether my statements as to the employ- . wont of foreigners at these works are true or false, on the following conditions : • (1) that if my statements are proved to be correct the Conservative Association through one of the gentlemen named, shall ply the sum of £10) to the Warrington InStma try. (2) If my statements are proved to be false I will undertalcs to pay the stun of £lOO to the gains institution. (3) This proposal to be accepted forthwith or to be con- sidered withdrawm", Up to the present the Tory party have not signified that they are willing to close with Mr. Roberts' offer.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0214.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINCIPLES OF _SOUND IMPERALISM

They were for freedom of mankind. They were banded together, Protestant and Catholic, Irishmen and Eng- lishmen, to struggle for one common cause. They wanted no bastard imperialism. They wanted the brotherhood of man throughout the world. They would carry on the fight to the end. The Digine fire of liberty flickered upon the altar of freedom and whenever it showed anysigns of going out it would be gently wafted into being light and strength by the wings of the angel of patriotism which was ever hovering over it. All those attacks of the masses and classes were vain things to pursue against the majeity of the people. In as much as they were on the ramparts of freedom they defied the attacks on the citadel. As in the past so to day they carried the flag of liberty on high and whenever an attack was made they would hurl them back with that grandeur of their race and character and with the tradi- tions which belonged to them as a party. (Applause.) ' Mr. JOSEPH" HOWES briefly seconded the resolution. Alluding to the foreign labour canard, he said the Liberals did not accuse Mr. Pierpoint of employing foreign labour. They did not knoW whether he employed anyone at all. (Laughter.) Reference had been made to Cyprus; but they were in Warrington. (Laughter). Their candidate was interested in Warring- ton and it would be" a Warrington man for Warring- ton" this time. (Applause.) The resolution was carried unanimolslv.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0215.txt | included=true | included =====
"PUERILE PERSONALITIES" DEPRECATED.

Mr. CROSFIELD thanked the audience most heartily for the cordiality with which they had received the resolution. (A Voice : " You deserve it.") He did not profess to have done much, but he was very proud, to whatever small extent he might be able to follow in the footsteps of predecessors in his family. Those who knew his father would indeed be sur- prised that anyone should try and insinuate that he had anything but the friendliest and the 'warmest feeling of affection for the town in which he was born and with which he had been associated all his life. Ho (Mr. Crosfleld) confessed to complete surprise that that insinuation ambngst others should have been thrown out. All of them on the Liberal side deprecated most strongly any introduction of those silly and puerilo personalities, but as regarded himself personally he could assure them that after twenty-two years in the soap trade and after having had lots of hard knocks in commerce, to him anything their friends chose to say on the other side was just like so much water on a cluck's back. He did not wish their opponents any ill, but it was a pity they did not spend their time to better advantage and he thought it was an evidence of weakness in thfsir cause. He believed that meeting and its enthusiasm were a good evidence of strength and a happy omen for the future of their cause. (Applause). CHAIRMAN THANKED. In moving a vote of thanks to the Chairman, Mr. CROSFIELD said that Alderman Pierpoint had since 13n3 been an active and powerful supporter of the Liberal party. They deeply appreciated the fact that there was not an atom of flagging in his energy, and that he was taking a very vigorous part in the present election. which was perhaps the most important they had over had in Warrington. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19060106_art0216.txt | included=true | included =====
IN BEWSEY WARD.

Enthusiastic Meeting at Winwick Street.

M. A. a CROSFIELD AND CHINESE LABOUR.

Defence of Free Trade.

It is many years since a political meetintt has been held in the Wiawick-streA Co-operative Hall whic4 could compare in the matter of size and enthusiasm with the one which was held on Thursday evening in support of the candidature of Mr. A. H. Crostield. Every available inch of space was occupied and Mr. ,Crosfield was given an ezremely hearty reeoption. E J. Guest presided and was supported on the platform by the candidate, Mr. William Madden, Mr. C. E. Parker, Alderman Pierp tint, Councillor Mmginri, : Mrs. Osborne, Councillor Evans, Messrs. W.Furness, Joseph limes, Felix Magian', Peter Maginn, A. Gray, H. Guest, E. Wynne Jones and E'. A. Sanders.

CHAIRMAN'S SPEECEL Mr. G 1: EST said that the Tory party had always had a bias towards legislation for the classes rather than the masses. The party was distinctly composed of aristocratic and wealthy people, who did not represent the democracy but rather the upper 10,000. (Haar, hear). The Liberal Government in the past had ever stood for retrenchment and reform, ancl if they would trust Sir He iry Campbell Bannertnan withthe government of the country he would do it better and more economically than the late government. Taken man for man and com- paring the present with the past government they were forced to the conclusion that the present government was greater in ability aril altogether superior to the late government. (Applause.) In Warrington they had to decide between Mr. Pierpoint and Mr. Crosfleld. While Mr. Pierpoiut never went beneath the surface, in Mr. Crosfleld they had a man who had done a good deal of digging, who had gone beneath the surface and had given lahorious year's of consider ttion to those questions, and who was in full sympathy with the people. (Applause.) It was in the interests of the working people to elect Mr. Crostield and he trusted they would do so. (Cheers.) , Mr. Oinortsts read the manifesto of the Warrington Women's Liberal Association, which was received with applause. MR. HOWES REPLIES TO 'may PLACARDS.

Mr. Flow, who was heartily received, said that the Li'oarial party ware determined to fight the election On political issues, and would fight vigoror,sly but would not hit below the belt. (Applause.) They would endeavour to conduct themselves in such a way that whether they won or lost they would have nothing to be ashamed of. (Applause.) The Tories said the Prime Minister'saction with regard to stopping the importation of Chinese labour into Soiith Africa, was prompted by the basest of ruotivee, that it was a Rolitical trick, and that it was done be i'39 the election was panding.iThey asked if he was earnest why he did not, send hack the !47,090 Chinese who were in the Transvaal? The answer to the question was however perfectly obvious. They were not sent back because the Government could not do it as the Tory Government had allowed the Chinese to be indentured for a number of years, and until the indentures expired the Chinaman was the slave of his master. (Applause). When the sluestion was before the House of Commons Mr. Pierpoint voted for the Chinamen and every vote given to Mr. Pierpoint was a vote given for Chinese labour in South Africa.' (Applause). On all labour questions during the past two years Mr. Pierpoint had voted against the interests of the workers. Tan oresent fight was a struggle for the emancipation of Warrington and if they worked hard until the votes ware counted the victory would be theirs. (Applause). TtIE CANDIDATE'S SPEECEI.

Mr. A. H. CROSFIELD, who had a splendid reception, said he felt it a great responsibility to undertake the position which he owed to their kindness and favour, and to:the influence of the leaders of their party in War- rington. He hoped he would at any rate he able to tread in the footsteps of his fether--(applanse)—to the extent that he would be perfectly frank whenever he had the honour of addressing his fellow townsmen. (Applause). Referring to the magnificent gathering, Mr. Crosfleld said that instead of being wise after the event, or fencing or skirmishing as they had done sometimes, instead of being misled by little red herrings drawn across the trail, he Saw in the faces of that meeting a resolution to go straight to the goal that lay before them. (Applause.) His rpttlific itions were very limited and he should be a fraud if he pre- tended to tell them that ha had been able to cover the whole field of politics. Mr. Guest said he had tried to dig a little bit below the surface and he thought he could honestly say that during the last twenty years, partly he hoped from natural inclination and from recognizing the gravity of the great democratic issues , which had to be considered in the nation, partly also because from his earliest days there was bred into hint a tendency to try and do one's duty in public life, he had tried to dig a little below the surface. (Applause.),l If he had not covered the whole field of politics, he had at least tried to get a little bit farther afield than the island of Cyprus. (Loud laughter.) Mr. Howes had touched upon

THE CHINESE LI.IfOITFI. QUESTION. They would probably remember that during the South African war he (Mr. Crosflold) had by the favour of friends in London opportunities of getting a little bit into the inner circle— in the know' as they call it and he thought he managei to probe that abominable business to the bottom and he saw how the thing was manceuvred. He had not received the same arnoent of 1 information about Chinese labour,but he could honestly ' assure that meeting that he had received quite enough information from people on the spot in South Africa to satisfy him that if they called the system nothing more they could call it nothing less than a species of shivery. (Applause.) They recently had a most able and eloquent address on the question by Mr. Outh- waite gave them many facts and which he must be

===== 0002601_19060106_art0217.txt | included=true | included =====
IGNORANT OF THE CONDITIONS

----- under which they vens going to work, and the latest message received from Lord S3lborne confirmedthat. In the East gold mining was very much a. question of washing alluvial deposits and the China- man, to begin with, did not know that he was going to work underground. Another fact which every worker in Warrington ought to consider was that the mandarins of China had deported and were rooting out of their country and shipping into our country—because, of course, it was under the British flag—large quantities of the criminal class. Than they knew that there was physical punishment used in the mines. There was flogging ; a certain amount of starvation ; and other

, BARBAREC PRACTICES introduced from China. Well, they had been stopped as far as the mineowners and their managers or sub- managers were concerned, but at this present moment they had the State in the Transvaal, which we had created, by its agent inflicting that corporal punishment on the Chinese and therefore acting as slave-driver in British t writory. (" Shame.") As for the Chinese themselves, his hearers knew what it meant to them to live under conditions like that. There was no impetus to honest work—none at all eKcept what they got from the lash of the driver. There was no competition amongst employers for good workers, so that the mine owners might have a proper inducement to treat their employees well. if they did not call that slavery, he at least said they could call it nothing less than

A SPECIES OP SLAVERY. (Applause.) There were, continued Mr. Crosfield, two main causes to fight for although there were many others, but the two issues in the foreground were Chinese labour and Free Trade. (Applause.) He would like to quote them some figures which Mr. Torn Garnett, the very able secretary of the Free Trade League, a Conservative, a man of broad mind and great energy on commercial matters, gave to him. They concerned the export trade of Lancashire cotton and he would not apologise for quoting them although he had submitted them to a kVarrington audience before. He asked Mr. Gsrnett h)w far Lancashire cotton spinners were affected by German competition in the great neutral markets of the East, and he was told that the export of Lancashire cotton to India in round figures was about £20,000.000 worth a year whereas Germany , only sent about £200,000 worth. (Applause.) He (Mr. Crosfield) happened to know A gentleman who had charge of the chief cotton mills of Providence, in America, and a very able man he was too. S 3 he asked Mr. Garnett how he found the Americans troubled thorn in India,and the reply was that about £200,000 would cover the exports to India froth the Providence mills. (Applause.) \Vas not that a marvellous indication of the INDIENSG ADVANTAGE

which Free Traders held in India audio. all the neutral markets? (Applause.) That was recognized as far as the neutral markets proper were concerned. But what he thought wa.s sometimes overlooked was that when we'were competing in a country which was protected by big tariff barriers, that country was still a neutral market to England. If we were competing say in America with another Protectionist country, wa had the advantage of cheap production that enabled us to beat our competitors. The export per head of the population from Britain to Protected countries was therefore much greaterthan it was from other countries. It was, in fact, nearly twice as much per head as from any other country in the world. (Applause.) The industry with which he was associated—a much smaller one than the cotton trade but one which concerned the working people of Warrington to some extent—practi- cally commanded the expoq soap trade of the world. lie did not say that England got it all, but they found that three firms on the Kersey by reason of cheap pro- ' (Notion were able to beat any kind of foreign competi- tion. (Applause.) Not only were they able to beat Germany—the most progressive people—in the Eastern and in all the neutral markets, but they were able in spite of the resources which the United States had I in respect of raw materials, to beat their American corn-: petitors at their own doors in the West Indies—(loud nplause)—and where freights were perhaps'22s.a toe for English and only 10s. a ton from New Orleans and other celitres in America. Though the Americans fought them fora few years, they had had to knuckle under at the finish. because owing to the expense of living and labour combined, which was about 2.1 i times as great as it was in England, they could not compete with the English firms in the cost of manufecture. (Applause). After the Liberals had defended Free Trade, and finally put a stopper on this preposterous agitation, there was

NIECII WORK TO BE DONE, which he hoped and trusted, if they would give him their support, be might be able to discuss there and perhaps. in some small degree, be able to help to further. (Applause). He was thankful that they were going to fight that battle right through with clean hands. They might be sure that he was not going to shirk the paltry questions which their opponents had raised in the hops o° making a little political. capital. He was no saint— he was a man of the world—but he was not ashamed of the relations he had had, with labour for the last twenty two years. (Applause). He intended on Friday evening , to give an answer to these paltry personal questions, and he ventured to think that the answer would be just a little more than their Tory friends had bargained for. (Cheers). OTHER SPEECHES. Mr. MADDEN said the Catholics would never surrender ' one iota of their polition in regard to the voluntary schools, but no matter what amendment of the Educa- tion Act was brought forward, the Irish Catholics in the House of Commons would see that justice was done to the Catholic schools. Mr. Madden briefly reviewed the progress of the war in South Africa. and the subse- quent events which had led to Mr. Chamberlain's fiscal proposals. Mr. Chamberlain appealed to the sentiment of the people, but that sentiment had risen like a mighty and powerful wave against him. In the general destruc- tion, • the Tory p trty would be crushed, and Mr. Chamberlain would go clown to posterity a disgraced and discredited minister with the curse of his people. (Applause). Coancillor EVA.NS moved a resolution en lorsi ng the candidature of Mr. Crosfleld. c election, he said, was an important one e3pittly as the great issue to be decided would affect their children and their children's children. (Hoar, hear.) He was • sure that those who could compare the conditions under Pro- tection with Free Trade conditioaa w)ilL mut change because they were asked to do s by 3 man who changed again and again all along the line. He believed that so 1 far as Warrington was concerned,they were not prepared to accept Protection as being good for theta. (Applause.) Councillor MA GINN seconded. As they wauld have noticed, he said, their Tory friends had been trying to make Mr. F. Monks into a Liberal and is Protectionist at the same time. If Mr. Monks was a Liberal all he could say was " Save us from our friends." (Laughter.) Mr. Monks was a Liberal when he was poor but he had become too rich to remain a Liberal. The Crosfield family had I never been poor and had never been Tories. (Laughter and applause.) Their friends the Conservatives were advocating tariff reform but it was land reform which was required. (Applause.) The resolution was put to the meeting and unani- mously and heartily approved. Mr. Gussr said he had received a question which road " Does the Liberal government intend to keep in force the Undesirable Aliens. Act If so do they intend to place further restrictions on them ?" Mr. Crosffeld would answer the question the following evening but it seernt3d to him( Mr. Guest) that the Liberal party would have so raucti dirty work to sweep out that it would be a long time before they had done the whole of it. Therefore he did not think they had as yet considered that matter. A vole of thanks 'to the Chairman concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0218.txt | included=true | included =====
FOREIGN LABOUR CANARD. TORY CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.

An interesting stag 3 has been reached in the con- troversey initiated by the Conservative party as to the number of foreigners employed by Mr. A. H. Crosfteld. In the hope of making capital the Tories appealed to the electors not to vote " for the man who employs u large, number of foreigners." This insinuation was immediately refuted by Mr. H. Roberts, a managing director of ffessrs. Joseph Crofield and Sons, Ltd., who stated that the number of foreigners employed by his firm was 3 out of 2,000 workpeople. The poster in which this statement was set forth was headed " How the Tories tell the truth." The next day the following poster occupied a large portion of space on local bill- posting boArdings : "The Tories never tell lies or resort to dirty practices. Thes3 are Radical methods.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0219.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
turda'y

===== 0002601_19060106_art0220.txt | included=true | included =====
Protest Meeting' of Crosfields'

Work 111 aa.

A crawded raeeting yaw hold of the employes of nessrs. Croslelds' in the Assembly Room of their works, on Tuesday evenin;. Die meeting was called by the employes to protest against the m Inner in which thefll.l,ol3 of the firm and its policy had been recantly attacked. _ _

Mr.T. A. WILKISSON was elected to the chair and said : Fellow-workmen, this meeting hie been called to give our opinion of the poster that has been* put on the walls with regard to foreign employment at these works. Well, I think there is not a single person em- ployed by the firm who does net know that the substance of these placards is false and who does not resent the I slur that has been cast amen the firm. As we all know the foreigners within these works could almost be counted on the fingers of one hand. They are nearly all connected with the technical staff, all therefore highly necessary to the firm's operations and consequently indispensable if the firm is to contiaue as in the past to give us employment. I have much pleasure in call- ing upon Mr. Long to put a resolution. Mr. LONG then propesel " This meeting of the employes of Joseph Crostield and Sons, Ltd., repre- senting both political parties, desires to record its indignation at the absolutely false aspersions which have been cast upon the policy and management of the firm and the recent attempts to bring its mama into odium by references to foreign labour." Mr. DA.LE, in secendiug this resolution, said: I think that everyone of you will agree no matter a. het political opinion you mayihold.that the placard referred to should not have been placed upon the walls of this town. (Hear, hear.) Not only does the poster e nbody an ignorant fallacy but it is in the highest degree mis- leading. Let us assume that a stranger visits Warring- ton for the first time a ram unaceeainted with Cros- field's world. What impression will it make oa his mind when he reads that placard? Will he not at once conclude that a vast nurneer of foreigners are employed at these works? Now we want fair play, we are not holding this meeting for political and partizan purposes. (Hear, hear.) All we ask is that every employee whatever be his shade of politics shall come here to register his opinion of these tactics, and this we shall do simply because we belong to the firm. We are proud of it, and we moan to be loyal to it Now, ladies and gentlemen, we know perfectly well that these placards are intended to reflect not merely on Mr. Arthur Crosfielrl, but more especially on our Managing Director, Dr. Markel, who has been responsible for the introduction of the foreign gentlemen referred to on the placard. You know as well as Ido that Dr. Markel has introduced these gentlemen from a purely business point of view. They are not workman as you and I understand it from the placard. They are specialists brought here to introduce business which could never otherwise have found its way into Warrlngton—(hear, hear)—and their introduction has beee the means of enlarging the wage-earning community of this town, and surely no one can complain of that. (aaar, hear.) I hope, therefore, that regardless of ow political and party feeling we shall all be in accord in expressing our opinion of these proceedings. You are not asked to give your vote in favour of one candidate or the other ; as to that, you all kaew the abaolutely fair position the firm takes up and the perfect liberty it allows to its employds, but I ask you, my fellow ernployds, to express your indignation at this scandalous proceeding with no uncertain voice. (Applause.) Mr. T. A. Moses, in supporting the resolution said : As this is an indignation meeting I suppose I ought to be indignant. Well, gentlemen, f feel too sorry ant have no room for any other feeline, but sorrow. •T air a Conservative ; I will go further, I am a red-hot Tory, A few days ago when I gave Mr. Arthur Croseeld ray reasons for not giving him my votehe !Aid : etiaroa Morse, I must say you hit out straight from the shoulder." (Applause.) But to-day for the first time in ray life I feel ashamed of my party, or I should say a small section of my party. That Raster the Conserva- tives got out is hietine below the belt ; it is alio, and the very worst kind of lie that can be spoken, namely, a lie founded on truth. I would like to mention that as there are so many Conservatives in this firm,some time ago a resolution was passed mat one of the man ager'e meetings to the effect that politics were not be brought inside the works, and this resolution was afterwards confirmed by the directors. surely this sneaks for itself. (Applause). Now let us quietly consider this foreign labourquestion. Let us begin at the most ,recent events and work backwards. There is a, process entirely, or almost entirely, unknowa in England. We import one man to teach fie how to work this proesssr and what is the result ? The V.B. department, number 1, 2 and 3 refineries, and what is the effect ? Those processes have given employment to, shall I Sey. 103 men ? And again there is the erection of the different plants which have given employment to many more Warrington men with wives and families. Now again there are four or aye men foreigners, who are solely engaged in research work. Is thet teking the bread out of anyone's mouth in Warrington ? No ! But this will in time give work to many hundred more hands. lam going to speak about our friend Dr. Markel. This is the man the Conservatives are hitting at. I ask you who is the man ha this firm who his brought process after process to perfection, giving work to hundreds of men? When I came here a few years ago we employed about 500 hands and now it is over 2,000, and who has done it? Dr. Markel. Do you know that Dr. Markel's mother before she was married was a Miss Caroline Cooper, of Cavisham, Berkshire, of a good old English family ? And this is the man whom the ConFerva fives in their ignorance are hitting below the belt. (Great applause.) The motion was then put from the chair and, no amendment being forthcoming, was carried nem. con., with enthusiastic applause. • Mr. TIIONIAS RIGBY then proposed " This meeting, recognizing with extreme regret the painful position in which the incident in question has placed certain persons, ns seizes with pleasure this opportunity of emphasieing the happy personal relations of the employde with the management, and not least with Dr. Markel and the foreign members ofAhe staff." He also appeared before them as a convinced Conservative. His only object in proposing the resolution was to secure fair play—fair play for Mr. Crosfield, and fair play for the firm, to which they were all attached. Mr. WALKER in briefly seconding the resolution said that for himself the last 10 years of his experience of Dr. Markel, and perhaps he might say everybody's eeperience of the doctor during that time, had proved Dr. Markel's usefulness, not merely to the firm, but to the town and district of Warrington. The CIIIIRMAN in putting the (9°"°ll mentioned nCommittee that he had as a member of the Sick Club had frecpient occassons for meeting Dr. Markelan had observed that in all differences he VMS invariably just and courteous. The motion wee then carried unanimously and the meeting dispersed.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0221.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ECONOMICS OF FREE TRADE. --- Meeting of the Junior Liberal Association.

A meetinz of the Warrington Junior Ll'oet,l Asgocia- don was held on Friday evening at Gregory's co 4, at which Mr. C. E. Parker delivered an address on The economics of Free Trade." Mr. Hdruund, (president). presided over an excellent attendance. Mr. H. Gray read letters whL-ih h h 4 recoicEd from Mr. A. If. Crnsfield, Mr. C. E. Parker, Mr. Roberts, Mr. A. Rtthbone, Ir J. G. Withinshaw. Mr. E. J. Guest, Alderman Tinuion, Rev. C. Harvey Cook, who wrote accepting the ocaoes of vice-presidents. Mr. A. H. Crostield wrote : I think we all feel how much the future political history of Warrington will be affected by the issues of the present struggle, personally I am sanguine of the result, but whether the issue may be, it is a fine thing to feel we have such a splendid cause—or rather.l should say, such splendid causes to light for as a genuine progressive force in the politics of the nation and the world." In his letter Mr. E. J. Guest said : " Your Associatioa is one of the most hopeful signs that Liberalism in War- rington presents. I trust that the vigorous signs of life manifested by your Association will be maintained and increased as the days go by. If the young men grow in knowledge of the past, and in the needs of the present the prospect for the future is bright. Warrington has been held so long by the Tory party as the result of ignorance and Indifference."—Mr. A. Rathbone expressed the hope that the Association would succeed in awaken- ing that interest, which had been so lamentably lacking among the youn; men in past and current politics.

_

Mr. OSBORNE said he had received a further letter from Mr. Croatiald in which he said : "I am delighted that every man is enthusiastic to the finger tips. Never in our time has there been so great a cause—or indeed so many great i causes to rally us to the standard of progress. There are many years of work before thei party of progress, because we have not only to eraseaf as far as possible the consequences of mischievous aad , reactionary government during the last decade but at: ithe same time, and afterwards to strive for yet higher. 1 and nobler ideals of civilization in the future. We can. , dearly recognize all this without in the least losing our ' sense of proportion, or failing to perceive that our first duty is to defend that freedom of trade which 1 has been such a godsend and blessing to old England: ' When those who seek to cover up disastrous blunders revive this old cry of Protection we may simply point out to them that "An individual does not grow, rich by increasing his or her cost of living and expenditure. Neither does a nation." Protection notoriously spreads corruption amongst the governing classes and civil servants, and prevents progress by causing lethargy and lack of enterprise amongst empleyers, as well as envy and disunion amongst the working-classes themselves. Why then should we be so foolish as puts premium on political and commerical corruption and re-action just to make the nation as a whole poorer? The onus of proof lies with those who make this preposterous pro- posal ! but they give us no proof because they cannot." (Applause) Mr. C. E. Parker, who had a hearty reception 4 at the outset dealt with the question of exchange between nations illustrating clearly that the more a country got in and the loss it sent out the better it was for that country. England, he said, was in. that advantageous position because of her Free Trade policy. Trade naturally gravitated in the direction of that country which offered the best economic conditions and the best economic conditions could not be found under Protection. A System of giviurr' certain trades a preference, other trades would be handicapped and. there would be a distinct economic loss. (Hear, hear.) Comparing the social status in Geralanv with that an this country Mr. Parker pointed out that in 1901 27,313 were sent from England to Germany the average value of eaoh animal being £9 Four thousand were less than £3. In spite of the fac that Germany used the horses for food the price fol horse meat sausages in Germany was 7-I.d. per pound while in London excelleut beef sausages could be, bought at 51d. to show that the export trade of Entaaral was not, as stated by advocates of protection, decrwsing Mr, Parker quoted the following figures : --- Increase OVel 1904. 212

1903. 1901. million S. U. K i nidom. 217 221 '

1905.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0222.txt | included=true | included =====
184 189

Ger olan-y

France

U. States 201 201 225 24 Cori EXPORT MANUFACTURED ARTICLES ONLY 1903. 1904. 1985. Increase. million 180 176 71

11. Kingdora 176 Germany oryaLice 7,)

202 22 181 9 78

7.3. States G 5 76 SS 12 Mr. 0 snoaxit in a brief speech dealt with the qnes- tioa of "dumping". Examined in the light of political' economy, he said, they would be of the! opinion that in. itself dumping was an evil. There wasbowever another! side. to the question to which he would ask them to look. Borax in America sold for 72 cents and was exported to England at 21 cents. The American con- sumer had to pay a higher price for an article manu- factured in America than WAS paid for the same article the difference in the two prices being the amount of ' tariff ditty in the United States on borax. The same thing was found in connection ssith steel rails. ! Recently an American contractor obtained the contract ! under the Russian Government for the construction of a ! Siberian railway. Yankee manufacturers demanded 35, !dollars a ton for steel rails in America rails which were being sold in England at 21 dollars a ton,The result was that the rails were bought in England and the man in England made a big prat out of theta. The difference in price did not go in better wages to the workmen. Whoever heard of a big flrin distributing their profits or even aportion of then arnoegst their workpeople ? Any increased profit which was made went in bigger dividends to the shareholders. (Hear, hear.) If an- increase of wages did result in Ongland as the result of Protection the number to be benefited would. in proportion, be very small, whilst the increased cost of goods would affect everyone. He would quote Mr. Trevelyin's figures whica showed that there ! were in Eagland persons who had recognized ! occupation or admitted nteans of subsistence and persons living on savings or engigel in industries! where them is no passibility of foreign competition, 10,239,903 ; (2) persons engaged in producing manufac- tured goods or food stuffs which are subject to foreign co npatition whose raw material may not be taxed, including the whole of the agricultural industry, 1,719.221 ; (:3) persons engaged in prodnotions where there WIS no foreign competition but where the manu- factured goods weee use) as raw m Aerials, 4,301.645. An increase of wages under Protection was possible in the case of 1,713,216 people, improbtble in the case of 4,301,811, and impossible in the case of 19,20,903. (Aonlense), Mr. PanxErt pointed out that Tinder protection the purchasing p otve • of wt g .4decreaseti. He illustrated: . .

W71:3b3r077t.0 7374Z-0.(1.' 70173-..'W71-3 Trade, Since the federation the colony had turned to protec- tion and the price of goods had gone up and wages had come dowo, Mr. Parker proceeded to discuss the policy of retaliation. Under that policy, he said, the Canadian corn grower would receive a preference but the timber msrchant would not his woort being raw material. Tn is vrauld naturally CAllqo jeaLmsy, and preference would have to be given to the timber merchant as well as to the corn grwer. Altny,eth-sr a system of preferential Wit-Ts wool,' be very non i't 11. ( kpplause•) Mr. PARICZn was heartily thanked at the dos(' of the. meeting for his address.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0223.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EXPLANATORY CATECHISM.

,1. IViiat is Ginitynt Evans' Qainine Bitters?.

An excellent vegetable Remedy, prepared in the mast skilfal and scientific mauner,"and containing the active principles of those plants generally acknowledged to be the most remedial agents, and to possess the most heal- ing and curative properties. It is new extensively used in many countries, and everywhere acknowledged as the Best Tonic Remedy known.

2. What does it contain ? ,

Qninine and tha active principles of the following well-known herbs : Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentianr avender, Bardock, and Dandelion, scientifically pre- - ared, and in such happy proportions as to form a Tonic Bitters positively unequalled.

2. What is its action ? it assists and promotes Digestion strengthens the Nerves and Muscles, 'purifies the Blood enlivens the Spirits, and removes all Obstructions and Impurities in the Human Body. It gives tone to the whole system. It strengthens and fortifies those parts which have been weakened by Disease, and are consequently more liable to Colds and unhealthful influences. It has gained the Hiabest Recomracmdations as the I3est Family Medicine and a remedy for every kind of Weakness. 4. !That Diseases is a specially reconlynembed for:? Influenza, and the after efforts of an tittack of influenza, Indigestion, Chest Affections and Diseasee of the Liver in all their various forms, Neuralgia and' ll G Nervons Disorders, Depression of Spirits, eneral Weakness, Loss of Appetite, Sleeplessness. 6. Mast patients confine. theviscives within doors srhe:l), using it? . No; the working man need not abstain from hig labour, the mother from her household duties, or the child be kept from school while using it.

C. Is the any difficulty in procuring it ? ' There need be none' as it can he obtained of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or will be for warded direct by the Proprietors, carriage free, 00 eceipt of stamps. It is sold in bottles 2s. Od. and 4s. 61 each. Beware of Imitations. See the name Gwilym Evans" on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. Sole Proprietors : Quinineßitters Manufacturing Company Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

Aged People's Treat. On Thursday in the Parr Hall, Warrington,. 47 men, all aged over sixty, were entertained to dinner. This annual treat is provided by public subscription. The fare consisted of roast beef, pork, mutton, vege• tables, and plum pudding. with beer and tobacco. In the evening tea was provided for 700 aged women. A ccneert programme was given by local artistes.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0224.txt | included=true | included =====
Marriages.

FULTON-SM ITII —NEL I,D —At Cho Parish Church, on :10th December, by the Rev. T. W. ntrber, Ivan Fulton - Smith, to Beatrice May, only daughter of Mr. J. J Neild.

In Memoriam. In ever loving memory of my dear father, William Owen, who fell asleep, December 31st MD. Aged 71 years. " Gone, but never forgotten."

Warrington.—Printed and publshed by JoHN WALK 31 & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Work Bevrsey-street, and published by them at the saro place, and also at The Examiner 0111ces, Victoria-rof WIDNES: 32, George-street. Sr. HELMNS: 3, M trkel street, EARLEsTowN; Church-street ftnucopN, Ja 6th. 1.906.

===== 0002601_19060106_art0225.txt | included=true | included =====
1

P

Am ILMJ A. q

MI Ben 4.3

IN

PAR; Tic 3a. 6d znitti Matt

,

===== 0002601_19060106_art0226.txt | included=true | included =====
alt fu Elurvo luta: or be Janu An, requi alto

any N sweep 80,

===== 0002601_19060106_art0227.txt | included=true | included =====
of El Until Te 29th To

TOE VIG of Tb the : Te noon Th y

bIBI FAB ULU EICI Sti

St H Hay, band

===== 0002601_19060106_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BUTCHERs' ASSOCIATION. pßreinEwr G. Bowanoic BK. VICE-PREBIDENT R. T. BRIDGB )100. THB 127'11 ANNUAL BALL WILL TAKE PLACE IN PARR HALL, ON THURSDAY, JANUARY 18TEL 1906 MR. BARTON'S BAND. Tickets including refreshments by Wilmarleigh Cafe Co., . 3e. Ed. each M.C.'s Messrs. H. MATHBR, F. T. LASHFORD. Dancing 8 p.m. Tickets may be obtained from the com- mittee namely, Messrs. IL T. Bridge, F. T. Lashford, H. Mather, A. Mynekyme, G. Russell. R. C. SHAW, Hon. Sec.

ACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BT :A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have givea blaodonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 40S. MACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT W ANLAPV:2, Du MeNOAYS, n to 7,3: WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT Mn. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCII.ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 a.m. To 8 P.M. MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

SMOKE EUDLOW'S " OLD BOY'S" TOBACOO. COOL AND LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE 11.7 D. PER LB. TIN; 6s. PER LB. T. Sup Low & Go.. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIG4R MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELEPHoNE 414 Y.

IT SHALL HAVE A CHOICE LOT OF TURKEY'. OMR DUCKS AND RABBITS FOR CKRISTMA ' Orders dispatched to all parts. Special prices for quantities Try me I guarantee satisfaction. IdcDIiRMOTT, Cheapest Man Alive, Wholesale Market, Warrington.

EXPERIENCEDMaIe and Memole NURSES at a moment's notice foe all MM. -Apply NtYR9F.9 INS TlTll- 'tow, Hope Howse, Hope it., Li•,erpool. Telepbor e 2570, ' `J„ address, &nisei '

OST, BAY MARE COLT, 15-2, rising three. Li Last seen at Sale November 21st. Reward for informl- tion.—W. H. 5T11RGE45.63 Princess ct.,l3rdwick, Manchester.

KENT & SON, JEWELLERS SINCE 176 70. IMAM:MATE (opposite Barton Arcade.) MANCHESTER. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE OF SPECIALITIES POST FREE ON APPLIOATION.

CUREX, TRH GREAT SKIN HEALER AND ECZEMA CURII• Ls Guaranteed to Cure all Diseases of the t3kin. CURRY has never yet failed. Price ls. lid. and Is. 93.; Post Free ls. 3d. and 2s. lid. IF UNSUCCBSSFUL, MONEY RETURNED. THE CUREX C)., 141. OLD ST., LONDON. B.C.

HUGHES BROTHERS, 116, 118, 120. 123 & 127. BROWNLOW-HILL. LIVIIRPOOL. (Two minutes from Lime street Station, near University). Established 50 Years. Telephone 2004 Royal. isAviogRoKRRS, IdWIFILLERS. FURNISHERS. NEW YEAR GIFTS. Read Below for Acceptable, Useful, and Ornamental Goods, all in nice condition, and suitable for gifts. BRACELETS. BRACELETS, BRACEIATS. 135 6d.-Lady's Gold Band BRAUELET, Government stamped. 13s. 9,1.-Lady's Real GO'd Curb BRACELET, with pad- lock and safety chain. Another 19s. 6d. 355.-Lady's Gold Curb BRACRLET, very handsome pattern, choicely hand engraved all one side and burnished Wight the other (reversible), only 291. Another, very thick, at 60s. Also some set with diamonds, pearls, and other jewels, from 151 to £5.-Hughes Brothers. (1 -LADY'S Very Handsome Silk liz• tip UMBRELLA. neat and durable, real silver and ivory;handle. Another, 4s. 6d..and One Real Pearl itud nut. Gold-plated Mounts, its. Si.; and others. 109. 95.-Gent'a Splendid Twelled Silk UMBRELLA with buffalo horn handle; two 18ct. rolled gold mounts (stamped) and beautifully engreved. Others 7e. 6d. and Sc. is, 65.-Gent's Solid Silver-mounted WALKING STICK. real ebony. Malacca Cane and buck horn, is 95. Unrivalled Selection of umbrellas and Walking Sticks from 2s. 65. to Ls. ; all fit for presents.-Hughes Brothers. LADIES' FASHVINABLE FURS ALL PRICES. LADIES' ENGAGEMENT RINGS. 124. 6D.-mLeAnDt.eY'S tarepSedDLHleDlt-bleSeent.DlGAomlcOlNGDoitriesrn- a. 55 plendid lustrous diamonds ; worth 50s. Others at 355, 70e. Our collection of Gold RI ngs Is one of the choicest in Liverpool, at prices that defy competition ; is 3d to £3O. -Hughes Brothers. 116, Brownlow-hill. Is 91-Lady's Gold Snake or Twist Ring, stamped 9int 3s 9, Lady's 9ct Gold Ring, set with very showy gems. Another 8s 65. 3s 9d, Lady's Solid Gold Buckle Ring, set with real diamond In centre, Government stamped. ds 65, 15et Gold Gipsy-set Ring, 5 real diamonds. 32s 65, choice 18et Marquise Ring, set with lustrous diamonds with sapphire centre. Other large Marquise Rings. all diamonds. £11?. 65, £7, and £9. 21s. Half-hoop Opal Ring. 485 6d Half-boop Opal and Diamonds. £7 15s, 3 large Emeralds and 4 Diamonds. LADIES AND GENTS' GOLD GUARDS. We hold the largest Stock and Variety of these in Liver- pool. See our Magnificent Wiudow Display. 24 6 -Oen t'e Handsome Solid Gold Curb S. D. ALBEIII, each link solid and Government stamped, 27.. 6d.- Gent's Solid Gold Double ALBERT, fashionable pattern, each link solid and stamped. Another 57.. 65. 255-Lad's Handsome Solid Gold Long GUARD. 38s 65 ( Worth 7 Guineas), Lady's Magnificent Solid GOLD LONG GUARD CHAIN, beautiful bright sparkling diamond Cut link, Government stamped and guaranteed : only- 38s 6d. Others at 47s 6d and 65e. HALF ORDINARY PRI 056.- Hughes r. Brothers.-liGtlue Hunter Silver WATCH; also a Silver 6 (3 Watch. 9s 6d. Others at 12s 6d, 15e ed. upwards. Metal Watch from 2e dd ; timekeepers. 6s 6d-Lady's Silver WATCH, pretty engraved oases. Also Another, keyless, 9s 6d, 18s 9d (Cost 50s)-Lady's real Gold WATCH, jewelled movement. Another, keyless, 22s 65. 302-Lady's Mt, Gold Keyless WATC N. engraved eases. Government stamped. Also one by Russell, Church-street, 69s 6d ; cost £lO 173 6d-Silver English Lever WATCH, by Taylor. Liver- pool ; jewelled fusee movement, gold joints. Another W tc2 h 1 ,dsy-RGuear te,lOl.lOE chtc. roc hr, t r v, B24tis Greaves. Another 70s, by Chambers. Liverpool ; and an 16ct. Gold Hunter, by Sewell, Castle-street, £lO 10s. Very large stock of others at Hughes Brothers.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTII I TAILS OF •1 FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURR 5/6 FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

DANCING.—The MISSES PARTINGTON will reaume their DANOING CLAc.'S for Adults on Wed- nesday. January 29th at 8 p.m.. at STOCKTON LODGE, Stockton Neath. Terms on application.

DANCING.— The MISSES PARTINGTON Will resume their DANCING CLASS on Wednesday. January 24th, at, 5,15 at the Winmarleigh CafO. Sankey it. For terms, appIy.—STOCKTON LODGE, Stockton Heath.

• B. -W" ApsWORT BOLSI AGIBLIT FOR THH WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF 'JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 59. SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BUT AND CHBAPBST BVBE OFFIVABD TO TEIB PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS [N CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND is. BD., EACH WHOLESALE BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD,, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1833.

HALF-YEARLY SALE. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO, LTD., LIVERPOOL. MONDAY NEXT AND FOLLOWING DAYS. CLEARANCE SALE OF AUTUMN AND WINTER SURPLUS STOCK. GREAT REDUCTIONS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. COSTUMES, SILKS, MANTLES, DRESS MATERIALS, FURS. LACES. MILLINERY, RIBBONS, TEA GOWNS, GLOVES, BLOUSES, LINENS, HOSIERY, FURNISHING, Ac. A VISIT WILL BE WELL REPAID. BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THOUSANDS NOW KNOW WHERE TO GO TO GET GOOD. WELL-SEASONED CORK LINO AND OILCLOTH AT A PRICE THE MOST HUMBLE CAN BUY. and now have a nice, clegn, bright FLOOR at a SMALL COST, which hitherto hae been too expensive. You on now cover your FLOOR, 12ft. x 9ft., with handsome CORK LINO for 10e 6d., or your BEDROOM 121 t. by 12ft., with beautiful OILCLOTH for 9s. 4d. (see samples in windows), and all perfect goods by best makers. STAIR, PASSAGE, and TILE CLOIHS. 41d. and 5d,; come MATS, is. ; AXMINSTER and (MOTH RUGS, 41. 11d. ; handsome CARPET SQUARES. 15e, 6d• ; and all other spode equally cheap. You will honestly save 4e. and upwards on each room you cover by calling at F. LEACH'S, COPE. LINO and OILCLOTH WAREHOUSE. 24 and 26, SHIMBHILL (next to Hen Market) MANCHESTER. Open F. 30 to 7. Saturdays 8.30 to 9,

VIOLINS, BOWS AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS] STRINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Rapairiug in all itsibranches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Ohanot). 67, RENSHAW KRIM (Corner of Emma-street). LIVERPOOL.

CONTRACTS.-THE CANTEEN COMMITTEE, ORFORD BARRACKS, Warrington, are Ina Pared to RECEIVE TENDERS for the supply of BEER, INERALS, GROCERIES, PROVISION, MILK. AC., POTATOES, VSOBTABLES, BREAD, FLOUR, dc., COAL, CIGARS, TOBACCO, VISE, SOAP, SODA and Sundries for a period six months, commencing the let February. 1906. The special tender form will be sunplied on application to the President. Canteen Committee, Orford Barracks. Tenders addressed to the President to be delivered by 12 noon the 23rd Inst. The committee does not bind Itself to accept the lowest or any tender. B. J. CLARKE JERVOISE (Captain.) Jan. 6th, 1906. President Canteen Committee.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS% MILD Am, BITTER ALES £LLBOPP'I3 MILD AND BITTER ALBS. WHEATLBY'S HOP BITTIIMI, WHEATLRICR GINGER BEER. To be INA In CASH or BOTTLES from 11. CUNNINGHAM! WINWIDK ROAD, wikasinelosi. Also Manufacturer of HIGH Grass MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. IN. STORRS. OWBN STMT.

LAUGH STOOK Ur Fultal !Vali OS nALIS AS USUAL BARGAINS IN ELECTRO-PLA.TE, OUTLURY, Ac. :—SILVER-PLATK TEA and COFFEE 9S. U. SERVICE, 4 pieces. all choicely engraved and gilt halide. Another 158 6d. 7s.—Half-dozen Pairs of Real S. Plated FISH EATER% richly engraved blades. FM carvers Ls correspond, only 3s 6d ; lice new. Also Cutlery of all kinds ; corns ill cases fit for presents, Plated Teapot. 6s 6d. Cruets •• lid. Al., As %BODING RINGS FROM 2e. 61, TO 4Cls. DREAMT IN ENGLAND.

''' " • - DI4VkIBt o (WOW PUN MON YliAlt GIFTS. h 5, 91.-11 a-marked GOLD dEDAL. Another, Its. 1.5• 6d. —Silver MEDAL, hall-markei, pretty design. Another, 25 6d. Also one Gold Centre, doubls-sided, 3s lid. ds. 91.—Gent's Solid Silver Curb ALBERT, hall-marked each link. Another Double Albeit, Se Ild. 31. 6d.—Solid Gold PllOl.O PENDANT. 4e. 6cl.—Lady's Real Gold NECKLET. Another, 61 91. 6s. 6d.—Pretty Solid Gold LOCKET, handsome design. 41. 6cl.- Solid Silver SOVKREIGN PURSH, beautifully finished end hall-marked One a Sovereign Purse and Matchbox combined, Iseautif oily engraved lOs 6d. toe 6d.—Solid Sliver CIGARETTE CASE., beautifully hand-engraved. /IBC-marked uase. gilt Inside. 225 63., Solid Silver Cigar Case 85 61, Silver Card Case. its 61.—Solid Gold. 105 61, Solid Silver CIGARETTE CASK, beautifully hand-engraved, hall-marked eases, gilt Inside, 225 60, Solid Silver Cigar Case.Bs 6d,Silver Card Case. 18s 6d.—Solid Gold SCARP RING, set with lustrous rail diamond. Government stamped. Also one Real Gold and Jewel Clu.ter t4ertrf Slide, Price Ss 61.

2s lid—Bunch of (Scud CHARE.S. Fastbs Hope. and Charity. stamped 9-carat.. Others at 44 lid. 2. 6d—Very pretty Gold CROSS PENDANT, nicely en- graved. Others, limier. at 3s 6d and 4s 6d. 3s 6d—Gold BREASTPIN. set with real diamond centre. Very pretty one, with stud and pin. 21s. 6s 6d —eolid Gold SI, qiVII LINKS, with solid gold chain connections, hail-marked. AilKl another, solid gold fronts, Is 9d—Solid Gold Studs and Links, in pretty silk-lined case, 15. fid, 4s 9d—Lsely's Diamond EARRINGS, real gold and real diamond centres, very neat and pretty. ii 3d—Real Gold BROOCH, curb pattern, Set. stamped. I 41 6d—Geld BROOCH, with real diamond centre, very pretty. Also a magnificent one, set with three diamonds, is bargain, 108 6d. Also a Gigantic Stock of Jewellery of all kinds, to suit all pockets all like new, and suitable for gifts a, Hughes Bros.. 116. Brownlow-lull, Liverpool.

tirßaA AND rIBLD FAO xi 2e. 6D. lo £7. 21" —Large Marble CLOUIK, 4 Corinthian columns tyS. and Pair of Bronze liquestrian Ornaments, a bargain. 255. Also Grand Show of Gilt Ormolu Bracket Chiming and Other Clocks, at Hughes Brothe-s.

B-stsitel.lSs IN SOLID rillArha„ 48. 11 —Solid Silver-backed fiairbrut-h, Silver- D. mounte.l Combs, led and ls 30. Silver- mounted Brush and Comb, Sc 11d. Slivar-mounted Button- hock, ICd. Sliver and Bear' Baby's Rattle, 3s 9d. Silver-top Putibox, Pair 3301 id Sliver Candlesticks, 21s each. solid Silver Tea Sets. from 593 6cl to £5. silver Hant Idlrrnr 85 9d. bilver Napkin Ring, Is 3d. Silver Pepper Box, 23 3d. itch-dozen Silver Buttons 2. 30. Cut-Aass and Silver Rose Bowl, 4s 11d. Silver Belt Buckle, 23 114. Sliver Photo Frame, good size. Is 6d. Hundreds of other articles in Solid Silver from 6d to £2O. See our Windows. SINGER'S sewing Machines. hand and treadle ; also some Cabinets , quite new, latest makes ; from 40s.unwards. Vest"; prksents.

WOW 14/1.14-fiiEN, in capital cosaition, nearly new. complete with 48 landscape and other views ; 3e 3d lot. Also a very powerful Exhibition Lantern. 17e 6d. VIOLIN and BOW, in case, 7s. 9d.; complete in caoital condition ; like new ; make a nice present.

W. HODGKINSON LIMITED BEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEIR SALE WILL COMMENCE MONDAY THE 15TH NOT MONDAY NEXT. REMARKABLE REDUCTIONS TO ENSURE A CLEARANCE BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

H. S. PAGE & CO.. 'L NDIES"rAILORS, 74, SAN KEY ST., (LEGH ST., CORNER), WARRINGTON. ARE SHOWING A SPECIAL LINE IN COATS. ETC., ALL AT CIA ARIAN° PRICES. HIGH QUALITY. SELECTED SKINS ONLY. ALL THIS SEASON'S GOODS.-SEE WINDOWS.

ci JAMES ATKINSON-, AND 13,IBRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. STACKS OF lIIININANTS WINTER NOTABLR BARGAINS TO 3H SOLD. ALL DEPARTISSNTS. CLEARANCE SALE • COMMENCING THIS DAY, SATURDAY. AN OPPORTUNITY NOT 70 BE MISSED. We are almodt daily receiving notices of advances in prices of both COTTON AND WOOLLEN GOODS, and a further advance is expected in the Spring, Our present Stock was bought at old prices, and has been subjected to the usual after-Season Reductions. MILLINERY, JACKETS, DEUS MATERIALS, HOUSEHOLD DRAPERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION AT SCUM INGLY LOW - PRICES. OPENING DAY, TIM] DAY,' SATURDAY.

EDWIN PIRYOR AND SON. 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, el EW ELLERS, SI LV ERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND M ERCH AN TS DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. HT ALL T/IN LE &DING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY or EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 ro 50 Plift 011 ST. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old aold and Silver Antleves, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Stoney advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, !to., to any amount at low rates Si Interest strlot privacy Irtuirant"4. Parcels by pmt, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE. £OBl. THE PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT YOUR PATRONAGE. • WE ARE NOW STOCKING THE LARGEST ASSORTMENT OF BOOTS AND 'SHOES IN WARRINGTON. SPSCIAAr LINE 3 NEW W INTER 'FOOT WEAR. SEE OUR WINDOW'S. dEVERYBODY CAN :S;RE SUITED' UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, 'WARRINGTON.

CLOTHING THE M. C. D. TO FIT YOU ! MEASURE ORDER DEPARTMENT.

THE EMPIRE FURNISHING Co., 300 & 302, STOCKPORT-ROAD, C-on-M. (Corner of MILTOLT•STERET), MANCHESTER. NEWER DESIGNS. TitTTER QUALITY, CHEAPER PRICES, and LOWER TERMS Than any other house in Manchester, and above all, the DEPOSIT IS QUITE OPTIONAL In Manchester and surrounding districts are thousands of would-be purchasers .hr, tremble at ,the idea of the Hire Purchase System OBSTINATE FRIENOZ. and /NERVOUS RELATIONS will say—Avoid the Hire System. DDT WHY 13PMUIA they don't know the EMPIRE FUR- NISHING CO., and their methods of doin/ business,and that they like to treat their custon- ers as they would like to be treated ; and CH BY DON'T ASK YOU TO SIGN ANY OBJEC- TIONABLE AG REEMBNT ALSO BECAUSE If you are ill. If you meet with an accident, If you lose your situation, Or have any other misfortune, Lan EMPIRE WILL SAY— If you are unable to pay we don't expect you to Pay and in no ease do their cuoorners ever lose the value of the money they have already paid. COMB AND SHE Ti-SHE; YOU WOW NOT BUY. Catalogues of Terme are sect- Post Pree.ar their Representative will ciii 01l receipt of casteard. E lit FIRE FLRNISHING CO. 300, STOCKPORT-ROAD, MANCHESTER. OPEN 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. ; Wednesday, 9 am, to 1 p.m.

r

FHE CHILDREN'S BREAKFAST. Cooked in 4 niint.ltes. .1? UR E kEA _7. =r- ;10 Contains 70 per cent. more

You can get Genuine pot still WHISKY (Pure Malt) 10 years old, by asking in the best Licensed Houses for 00 OLD ORKNEY Ask your Wine Merchant to send for sample. - Stromness Distillery, ORKNEY, SCOTLAND.

HOW TO SAVE MONEY WHEN FURNISHING. Make your purchases at the PIONEER FURNISHING STORES, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. Lowest Prices in the Kingdom for Cash or on Easy Terms at 30 to 40 per cent. below usual hire firms' prices.—Easy Repayments.—Everything you require.—lmmense stock.—All Goods marked in Plain Figures. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE. TERMS FREE. FREE DELIVERY over 40/- to any Railway Station in Great Britain.

IF ONLY YOU KNEW.

Not our fault. But our Bridge Street building is not ready for all that. So you still can choose from our fast decreas- ing stock. 38. in the £ off ali prices till we move. The Contractors promise the premises for this month, so sale ends January 31. 50s, suits now 425. 6d. NOW YOU BO KNOW-WHY NOT BE IN TIME?

BOYDELL BROTHERS, H iGHaOLASS TAILORS, 19, Sankey Street /Removing to 43; Bridges ‘Street, end of month.,

eILAIHVILLE SCHOOL, Hose, Herefordshire. Thorough education. Large playing fields Gymnasium. Two House Scholarships value £36 per annum offered in March, 1906. Particulars from Headmaster.

tjNIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A mon SUCCE3SFUL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYS, W. HHNDERSON, M.A., Principal,

Al"nljoifeu-VoNNGS. TEACHER of SINGING and commence, January 8.- 17, g.;rpniteEs.rt, termwlr WILSON-PATTEN-

hS. HUM NEWCONIBIt HAS A FKW VACANCIES FOR PUFILg, Voice Production. Sing- ing, Pianoforte, Theory, Harmony. Composition.—THß HLare, Stockton Reath.

GOV.; aril Junior Boys.—Sound commercial, general and finishing edocatioa ; 833 succ3sees ; only five failures In 25 ye4re ; lovely place, bracing air, playing field ; pros- pectus.—BLETCHLEY HALL COLLEGE, Bletchley.

Boy' PIISPAHATORY SCHOOL, on South Coast. over- looking sew. c.n receive two pupils at reduced fees next Term. Modern teaching methods. Health and diet specially eonsidered,—HEv. HEADMASTER, co 'Advertiser' Office, Luton.

AfR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Mnsic,Organlst and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Chorch. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY', HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prises gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practiee.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANZ Wallin eon .

THE PRIORY 'SCHOOL. W ARRINOTO HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS SI KINDBRGARTIIN. PRINCIPAL.; : MiR• WILLIAMS, BA. (Lo.n.) AND Mpg A. WILLIAMS. TFIR SCHOOL WILL RR-OPRN ON THURSDAY, January 18th, 1906. Buys under the age of ten admitted. A limited number of weekly boarders received. Fo: Prospectus apply to the PWINCIPALR.

rrHE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON LODGE. 1 Stockton Heath. Warrington. —Day and Boarding School for HMIs, Kindergarten. Preparatory School for Boys. Prinnipals, The Afisses PARTIX6TON (late of 23, Wilson - Patten street). Prospectuses. ILL, on application. The next term will commence Thursday. January 18, 1506. "At Home Tuesday and Wednesday, January 16 and 17.

wAR RINGToN GRAMMAR SCHOOL. THE NEXT THRV WILL BEGIN jON THU' Ti SDAY. JANUARY 18ta, 19C6. Tbe HEA.DEASTER will be at the School to interview parents on Wednesday, January 17th, from 11 to 1 and 3 to 5. New Physics and Chemical Laboratories, Lecture Rooms, dm. Preparatory Form for boys from Bth 12 years of age. PROSPRCTUS AND sciroot, Ll'iT ON APPLICATION.

ITANCHRSTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. AL. FEE £4 46. AND £5 ss. PER TRIM. THE NEXT TERM MINE TUESDAY, JANUARY 16nr, 1906. BEITRANOE EXAMINATION, MONDAY, JANUARY 15TrE, AT 9 A.M. PROSPECTUSES, forms of application. &c , may be had it the school. The boardiug house in connection with the school is situated In Higher Broughton. OWE' W. COX Receiver.

A LONDON Manufacturer wants Active Partner. Capital needed through expansion of business. about MO, tinder incorner's control.—A.ldress MANUFACTURER. 165, High et., Borough, S.B.

rjxj SCIaNTISTs —Wanted by a well-brouzbt-up youth birth as assistant to sCientist (travellinz preferred) willing for any kind of work.—Apply NELEi. Binfield rd. Bracknell. Beiks.

IIrANTBD. Old False Teeth. any kind, pert or whole sets. Best price or offer, by rt•turn poet.—Bankers reference J. SMITH. 171 Park rd., Oldham, or 10.3 dtarnford at., Ashton-under-Lyne.

MILK.--Good DAMES WANTED; cans provided If rem:ll/ed.—LANCASHIRE HYGIENIC DAIRIES, LTD,, chief offices 65 to 85 Mulberry it.. Dolma. Manchester. Largest firm of dairymen in England.

A DOPTION.—HOSIES SVANTBD for healthy Boy six i. years old and for a Mel, few months ;no premiums nor payments, references exchanged ; complete surrende-. WHL9IIAW, Orphanage, Arnslde, Oarnforth.

SANITARY INSPH(3TOHS.—Lady Health Visitor,; £lOO to £3ol—Several hundred vacancies annually ; postal lessons now commencing for Liveroool exam; 403 success- ful candidates.—Mnexaws, Science Teacher, Sunderland.

DiftIVATH CORKIISPONDBNCH ICECHANGII.—Mombore _L (ladies and gentlemen) ifxchange Private Correspond- enCe on any subject ; splendid medium for matrimony.— THE MANAGER, Cosmopolitan Bureau, 36, 39, Malden lane. Strand. London. W.C. (Stamp).

_ ATACANCY In the School of Cookery and Household Eciences. Girls trained as Lady Cooks or Helps ; happy borne ; careful traininff.—Apply to the Principal, who holds a full Teacher's Diploma, Miss EVERARD, " Park House," Loutb, Lincolnshire.

NVIL SHHVICTI POSTS VACANT. Salaries £BO-220) ; Pensions, long holidays ; age. males 15-23. ladles 16-20; open to alt; hundreds a vacancies yesrly 16.000 already succeesful ; class or postal tuition ; guide 7d. post free ; state age.—SICURRT'S OoLLEoz. H.. 119-120. High Holborn. W.O. (corner of Southampton row).

%irti ANTED, all Professional and Amateur Entertainers to send stamp for the • Wltmark Aid to Professional and Amateur Ent.rtainers: This catalogue is a perfect encyclopmila of information for all persons Interested In amateur minstrelsy and private entertainments of all kinds. —M. WITMIRK AUONS, 186 5 haftesbury avenue,London.

LIMPLOYSINNT (whole or spare time) ; gentlemen, well ..EJ connected. wanted throughout the Kingdom by the NATIONAL CO-PARTNEF,SHIP BANK, LTD., Of la, Grosvenor Mansions. Victoria it Westminster. .W. Now introducing new system of co-operative Nanking, designed to help the reading public in many ways not hitherto provided. Appli- cants most be willing to make small investment.—Apply Malcsoma Si above.

LiMPLOYMENT (whole or spare time).—Gentlemen we 11.114 .114 connected wanted througnont the kingdom by the National Copartnership Bank, Ltd., 91a, Grosvenor Mansions, Victoria it., Weetminst-r. Now introducing new system of Co operativi3 Banking. designed to help the trading public In many ways not hitherto provided. Appli- cants must be willing to make small investment.—Apply MANAGEIt as above.

FURNITURE, PIANOS, StuClis, BOulifir FoR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT OR ADVAROIS MADB. HIGHEST PRICES GIVRN. NO CHAEICIR FOR ISSPEoTION. H AItTLEY AND CO.. 12. MOSS-STRICHT. LIVFIRPOOL.

100 BlfrLeGelißer.SE.i.C;rricinsteorrwMimemboornles. D3dore. e, samples PICTURR POSTCARDS.—Gems of Art; 24 different, pos free 9d.—WILFRED. 89, Lombard at., Birmingham /000 STAMPS Oti FORMS, 21. 6d.; ready for corn- petltion.—H.. 679. St. Helena rd., Bolton.

pAZAAR GOODS (Special). so. and Id. Greatest variety and value In the trade.—SALMoN MATHRWMAY, Ltd.. Plough Buildings, Gloucester at.. Birmingham. GROSS—Samplevi I beautifully l2 coloured, et ure ppoosett-forseredaiddiffoerreln for is. P.O.—PRITCH•AD Anneadale, Bly.

ISTRICH FICATIIHRS. Splendid curled double feather, I_l any col or, 7s. 64. registered post. catalogue free,— TREVIEBICK, 20, Kennemeyers Chan:ll33i I, Cape Town. ITOLtroIDuAblYe. aWnitdl3llla.bloluArY.-B.Tverya ihecioCtchmesetwWasabsehderw;itthimoue rubbing ; free, 56 —Baowsr, Cburcil walk, Malkstiam. JO MORB BROKBN MANTLES pragically unbreakable II 70, candle power 64. each, 4s 64. per dozen, post free.— ANGLO FOREIGN TRADING Co., 9, Rederose at., Liverpool.

20 PHU CHNT. OFF MARBIt'd LIST Prices for all kinds of Furnishings. Fireirons' Brasses. Bedsteads, Curtains. liverything carriage pal& Write for lists now.— KETAIRAW & Smint, l, Cross it.. Manchester.

QUIMBY Fishmonger,nine years sufferer from Rheumatism, KJ tried '• Methalia," free from pain ever since. Send P.O. Is. 6d: crossed midland Bank.—RAYNER & Co., Methalla Office, West Baling.

IIiBAP ROSEd.—Dwarr Hybrids. Crimson and White. U ../ Ramblers, 3s ; other climbers and Team, 4s. doz ; Laurel, busby. 18In., 2s. 6d. doz., 18s, 100.—RABDING Sott, Heathilde Nursery, Mazford.

CHAPPHD HANDS. CIIAPOLINB CURHS absolutely painlessly and with ear- tainty,glving immediat. relief. Is. pcst free.--CaaPoman Co., Bridgewater Chemical Works, Wigan.

pIN MONEY.—Make pounds easily. Jell newest thing. Therrymal's Patent alatahlocker and chain ; bona in every apartment, always there, everybody buys ; sample Id. sell 84.—Ilsaav3garr, Clifton. Bristol.

MOl2l4lsHS.—" Nltolln guaranteed to destroy pa—rasities aod nits ; an deal and harmless dressing tor children's hair ; post free 7d. ; if applied every few weeks repels further invasion.—}f tin SPECIALIST. 34. Fitzroy it Lonsion,W.

"MATRIMONIAL TIMM," the best and quickest Introdurstcey medium for all desiring a matrimonial Alliance ; price 6d., in sealed envelope.—Address EDITOR, !inert Radford, 5, Festbsratone Buildings, Holborn , W. C

AT HuAlHS.—Orsnge-flavoured Blieults.delicions novelty; to be up-to-date. try the latest success in high-class bisonits. p.o. or stamps, Is. 3d., for large sample tin.carrlage pald.—FLuogr. & Co . Devonshire Chsmhers, London. IC.C.

P---- -- OCKEIT CHART of Waltz and Reverse, mounted linen, full instructions. State lady or gentleman when order- ing. Pocket Guide to the Square Dances. The two post free. 6d.—HILDMILEY, 48, Bentbal rd., Stoke Newington, N.

rrURRISH DBLIGHT.—(4 delicious sweetmeat.) Sample (71b. box). carriage pile', on receipt 33. (2-71bs., ss. 6d.); (4 —Ms., 10s.) ; (8-71bs 17s. 6d.) ; (16-71 b 321.) net.-0. J. BLYDE, Works, 267, New Cross rd., Loudon, 6.13.

DUBBER BOOTS.—Men's bright Wellingtons, wool lined-- J.lu " Saystate " brand, 18s. pair ; Women's ditto, 12s ; men's cavalry felt lined 2. 6d pair. all carriage pfild,guality the very best ; satisfaction guaranteed.—BUßTON BROS., soot Stores. I itehsm Norfolk.

LI BD NOS&S,and Flushed Faces. Creamolina (guaranteed), It instantly successful in eradicating all facial defects arising from indigestion, etc sent post pall to any part of United Kingdom, 24. 9d. per bottle.—Write WALTER ALIONBo, 73, Loamplt Vale, Lewisham, 13.8.

SUPERFLUOUS HAlR.—Perfested Blectrolysls (by Mr. Parkes' invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity tor permanent destruction. The only metuml which never disappoints By appointment only.—Stamped envelope to Mr. Bonßlit. J. PARKES, 2. Church st., Southport.

BBASLNY'd Brampton Farm Account Book is the best and cheapest; recommended by the Field, the County Gentleman, North British Agriculturist, tt;•. ; 6s. post free.— WILLIAM Maasr. Northampton. The Field sere : "The Brampton Farm ilecount Book Is the one we recommend,"

WHO'S TOUR LAWYHII P 1 haven't required one since I bought a Crosby Lockwood & Son, 7 Stationers' Hall Court. London. 14.0. a Copy of • RVRItYMAN'S OWN LAWYNR. by A.. BARRISTER, price 6s. Bd. net., which has been repaid 20 times In the saving of L.wyers' fees. New and Revised Bdition (1906) just published.

10/6 Tfßr eeo (JoSf hliat goer froarniciyx ne itirs roVn leys t 47; all -ol irndeedr for our high-class overcoats at 305., or suits at 355. All orders Cut by West-end cutters and made In best way. Patterns and simple self-measmement term, post free.—T. SMART, 17, Gresbam-street, London, WC.

POULTRY HOUSHS and RUNS, In sections complete 1 from 21s. ; Dog Kennels from 6s. 6d. each; Pigeon Houses 15s. ; Dog Houses and Hans from 25.. ; Cottle Kennels and Platform. 126. 6d. ; Breeding Kennels from SO.. ; Roofing Pelt, Bs. 6d. per roll; 6 rolls, 206.—Smrra AND Co., Sectional Builders, 56. Seel it., Liverpool.

CiRY6TILL PALACH JBLLY POWDER% 16 flavours.— Ban Ans Custard Powders. Banana and Cocoa. Banana and Scotch Oats for porridge, the Ideal breakfast food. Awarded 5 Gold Medals, Colonial Babibition Crystal Palace 1905. Booklet free. din ansortment value 5§., carriage paid. —M. H. FATTIssox & boss, Food Specialists, Aneriey, S.B

WINTBR Is NOW HURL—Secure one of our Famous /den's Double-breasted Blue Pilot Cloth RERPRII JACRIITS. Seal-lined throughut. Large flare Pocket, guaranteed value, 10. 6d. Selling In hundreds. Chest Measurement with Order. Money returned It not sattsfaotory. BCALLOS, THB PEOPLIVS CLOTHIRR. 28 and 30, dRIIILDS ROAD, NRWCASTLE.

#l.l ig r Man t ('4' tst Ctrs TOR SALE, BAILW C.JIP )stern:lg Rugs I: and Blinds.—Writ : st.,Blisekburn A STItOLOGY.—(that ge two years /X future addtd. Sei • -Prof. GOULD, 27. Windsor rd , Newpo. ' ELICIOUS THICK uHRAsi from the Farm, send I_, 3d. for sample tin. post free.—To the OARSIDE DAIRY FARM. Mount Pleasant rd., Liseard.

VOWL COHN, 7s. 6d . 10s. 61., 12s. 6. 2405. ;Pi Food, 7s. 6. and Poultry Meal, Es. and 10s. per 2001bs.— ROCHE AND Co.. 15. Goree piazza+, Liverpool. Mention paper. 1141 kllGAlNS.—Dressmaker has Feceral stylish Blouse 3. Dresses. ',kills. Ct Ildren's Costumes to sell CHEAPLY mpproVal ; write requlrements.—HEWlTT, 15E, Queen's rd. Bayswater, W.

2. FOR 1 DOZ, photographic picture postcards from any photo you send to the Parade Studios, Chingford ; each card a reel Pilo' °graph ; cash with order; originals returned uninjured,

VVT 111TH BUTTRit PAPRit 12e. 6d. per ewt. Grease Proof, 225. ; Cheese Paper, 10s. Can Paper from 64. ; Sweet Bags, loz Cops, 644. 1,00. LONGWORTR'B, Oslr pt. Thomas et. Idaneh,,e [or.

QTAMPS.—MARTIN RAY & (JO., 27. Chancery Lan,, are U J holding auction sale, Jan. 15th and 15th, at nderten's Hotel. Consignments invited. Commission 10 per cent. Prompt settlements. Write for catalogue.

POULTRY.—A Practieal Man will send on receipt of le. Postal Order, a Recipe for inexpeosTre Feed.whleb will Immediately force Hens to Lay even in the hardest weather. —Hamra' FALCONER, Gamekeeper, Keeper's Lodge, TurveV. Bedfordshire.

POST-OARDS. ctrerres. Celebrities. &tidier, ko. gold-toned, handwork, copyright photographs ; quality rinlque ; whole3ale buying agents appointed in London and Provincial centres,—THE PROGRESS Pncao Co.,lB.l.ordnance rd., London, N

NATIRIS NAILS (1511xel), 81. per owl', 281bs, 2s. 3c1.; Screws, mixed, 28s. per cwt, 2Blb 71. 6d.; Wire, Cut, Wrought, and Malleable Nall, Tacks, Rivets, etm, etc., wholesale prices.—MIDLLND NAIL Wonits, 25 and 26,Itea it., Brimingham, JORN PYaIR Proprietor.

ISH.— 9 stone COD, LING. HADDOCKS, 101. ; 7 stone L. Plaice, 125.; Headless Haddocks, is, 4d. per stone; Salt Cod. 21. per stone Finneys, 36, per stone ; Kippers and Bloaters, 2s. 6d per box • Oysters ss. per 120 ; bass of selected Fish. 2s. 6d ; Red Herrings, 2s. 6d per hoc.—LAri & I.ON, Fish Dock. Grimsby.

JOO I—The best, strong and warm, hand-woven woollsn 1.1 K Monte Rug, with throat strap and bound, carriage paid, for 6s. 6d. ; smaller sizes, 49. 6d. and 3s. 691. Cash returned if not approved of.—From M. J. Gassom, Government Contractor. Rye LOOK I—You have all helped to pay tor them b.,tore Military Knee Boots, smart appearance. 75.6 d. per pair; Naval Knee Boots,very strong. 60.64. per pair. Bluchers,s9.6d. per pair. Any size. Carriage paid. Cash returned If not aptyoved of.—R. J. Gasaov, Government Contractor. Rye.

m LolrT BlueA t WaterproofatL Ol Hl4(43lrio—th4,t'alflot(CdoAla ,r; Dr ab putre out of service for other pattern; either,carriage paid, for is 6d name size required ; Large Capes. same material, 2s 6d each. --From H. J. GAssolf, Government Contractor. Rye. BlliOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co.. with Machinery and 24,43 square yards of Freehold Land. with siding to the railway. Suit-able for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HOIMISG, IS, Fenwiek street, Liverpool.

414 MAGBRL" RAZORS ARE TEE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAHE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 26. 6d., 38., 48. RD., AND ss. 6D J. G. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LAPS, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

£250 Equity for sale FREEHOLD PEOPNETY near Bt. Helens, show 20 per cent. after expenses, always well let.—Partieulars Mr. ISIAsox, 71, Market at., Manchester.

TT IS WORTH YOUR WHILE to BUY YOUR LUstts- CANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-OLA4S NON- CORROSIVE largest rale in the world. ENGINE OIL, 110.. CYLINDER OIL, Md., MACHINERY OIL. Md., ;-,PINDLE OIL, 90., GAS IsSGINE OIL, Is. 6d., DYNAMO OIL, Is. 6d, per gallon ; in barrels, tree and carriage paid. RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL COMPANY, 19 and 20, Water lane. Great Tower et , London. WC. Also 99. Great Clyde at., Glasgow ; I.Sandhill,Quavride,Newosstle-on- I yne

EsATENT OF PIC 11. MANCHESTER ankBLISICED iw 1836. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 wore than 40 years' personal experieneein connection with this Establish- tnent. andpossess praotiealknowledge of the Ootton,woolles and Iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d, " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price 11. gitoRGB DAVIES, 0.E., & SON, P.1.P.A., M.S.A .BT. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

T. GEORHE'S IRON WORKS, wirrau (late Ormerod, Orierson and Co.), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest AellOrtMellt Of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchased all. Wheel, Pciiey and Tooth Block Patterns Ito., belonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•road Iron i/Vorks, Manchester, anis are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwrlght,and all klrds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and eulley Patterns on application. N.Y., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address,„ Ormerod Gricrson. Manchester'.

MURSE FERGUSON'S FEMALE PILLS, for AIIMIMS, 11 Debility, Weakness, Danatipation, and all ailments peculiar to the ilex: Price Is. ltd., 2a. 9d., and 4s. 6d,- BAMPOON, Chemist, Bath.

1/11 For this small sum and 3. p ostage you can get a 2 bottle of Llandrindod Oils. Infallible Cure for Rheumatism. Sprains. Bruises, &c.—Sold only by W. 8. BOUM). Chemist, Llandrludod Wells.

(-1131-MXllBle..—The new marvellons cure for liczema, Bad V Legs, Scurvy, Piles, Skin Irritation ; Is. post free ; prepared from recipe of eminent skin specialist.—Ssura. Cherni,t, Kidderminster.

ONASTIMY OIL (Pure), King of Oils. Latest discovery .111 by a Yarmouth man. ()ores Neuraigla. Vac% Tooth, liar and other aches in two minutes. Bottle, post paid, 2L—Filtacif, Bow 8, Great Yarmou,h. T3lLlis.-oarey's ton-staining Ointment gives instant I relief ;In tubes, post free Is. Id, and Zs. 7d. Constipa- tion, Carey'. Certain Cure, post free. Is. Id. and 2s. 73. WYATT BaO.. 4. Veathewstone Buildings. H olbor n W.C.

PROF. VRRBRIVS REMEDIRS.—Anmrnia, Bronchitis 81110111 nese, Indigestion, Rheumatism, Bozeman. Piles Obesity, etc., speedily cured. Medicine Is. lid. per bottle poet free Is. 3d.; Hair Restorer, Is. per bottle. Peoi, VERNE.R, (U.S.A.). 15, Vernon st., Bolton.

CONSUMPTION.—Midland Open-air Sanatorium. Beauti- fully siteated in a park ot 25 acres, 750 feet above sea- level, gravel soil. south aspect. Established 1898. Specially constructed out-door chalets—For terms and Must:lied pros- pectus, apply, THE SECRETARY, Bourne Castle, Belbrough, or, Worcestershire.

&ale bp lurtion, BY MESSRS. THOMAS SUTTON AND SONS.

VALUABLE FRERHOLD SHOP PROPERTY IN HORSE- MARKET ST., WARRINGTON. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY • MESSRS. THOMAS SUTTON AND SONS at the LION HOTEL, BRIDGE ST.. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAY, the 10th DAY of JANUARY 1906 at Five o'clock In the afternoon precisely, subject to the conditions of Sale to be then and there produced. All that large and commodious SHOP, with the Offices, Warehouse,, store Rooms, Workshops and Premises, situate at the corner of liorsemarket at ,and Lyme it., Warrington, and known as "Jublle Buildings." , The tenure is Freehold subject to a Yearly rent charge of £75 and Ln certain covenants and conditions, The Property comprises 505 Square Yards or thereebouta, and has a frontage to Horeemarket Street of 55 feet 6 inches, and a frontage to Lyme Street of 55 feet 1 inch, 111 let 7 inches In all. It crcuples one of the most valuable and commanding positions In the Town, being very advantage- ously shunted within is few yards of Market Gate and the Public Market, and two or three minutes walk from the Central station (Cheshire Lines Railway) and the Electric Cars. The Premises are new and substantially built and afford ample accommodation for carrying on an extensive busint.os, or they could readily be sub-divided into four or five la. ge shops. ; There are four storeys and large dry cellars. Part of the premises are let to good tenants, and produce a rental of I £165 per annum; one window, part of first floor and whole of sec rid and third floors still to let. For further particulars apply to the AUCTIONEERS. Leh St., to ARTHUR IihNNETT, Req., Chartered Accountant, Market Gate Chambers. or to MEsStiS. DAVP'SA FORSHAW. Solicitors, Warrington.

ROBERT L')IVE. ESTATE AGENT, AU° I'IONERR, A VALUER Office and Salerooms No, 1, RA.NK-STICERT WARRINGTON. TicLEmlowir, No. 65. (110,11 ADVANCED Ott GOODII DAPOSITED FOR SALE. New rid cond-hand Fitroftore and other Goode constantly on Sate by Privlte Treaty. Impaction Invited Furnituie, wareb(mAse.i.

VOSFOLK COAST.—Amidat pine woods an.l sea air. Gnerts received thrormhout the year. Own grounds of many acres —Write Mrs. Bacrwror,, no/Pines, 'Telling HNith. Holt. Norfolk.

pOUHNEMOUTH & DISTRICT.—For furnished and unfurnished houses to let, Apartments, Boarding Houses, Businesses, and propertles for sale apply (please state requirements) Corant•NE & Co., Auctioneers, &c., opposite west Station, Bournemouth. Lists forwarded free.

LONDOIL W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT• 70 St 71, ECUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMMORTB, OLEANII/W3B AND QUIRT/ UKNTRAL YOH BUSIX&B9 011 PLEASURE.

SOU THPORT. HAY ES'S R HSTAII R ANT (xErr Br OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38. CH APEL-STREET. ESVIMATES GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Tblephone 0165. THE OLDEdT ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

ABBRYSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and ID Olt comfortable Family Hotels In Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 21, gnineas per week, or 93. per day. according to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from 6s. labia d'llote at 8.53 o'clock For TARIM! &C,, apply to W. IL PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

IMPORTA.NT TO RORROWRRS. NO FEES.—.£IO to £l,OOO Advanced, on day of application, for any purpose to all classes, on simple Promissory note; no security ; terms to suit borrowers ; P,w Interest ; any distance ; our straightforward dealings and easy terms are well known and recommended ; special rate. for short periods ; cash advanced at bJrrower's house If re- quired.—Apply In confidence, BTANDA.IID LMAN COMPANY. 4, PARKBR STRIST, WARRINGTON,

£5, .£7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATH,LY to TRADES- MEN. FARMERS. WORKINGMEN, and all Respest• able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL RTATION. MANAGER JOHN IL GOOD WIN. Essahlished fr this b.i 4,,•4 V. 1.1,41

- .LVDVANCES FROM .£5 TO £I,OOO.—THIS OLD ESTABLISHED and weil known office for honest and straightforward dealings is prepared to make ADVANCES on PROMISORY NOTE to HOUSEHOLDERS, COVV- KHEKIES, FARMIViS, GARDNERS and OTHERS on very reasonable Interest. Farmers and others eon rwly on honest dealings. NO FEES. NO BILL OF !SALE. NO BONDSMEN. NO PINES if behind with payment. Only try once this office and you will never deal with any other office. Letters promptly attended to.—A-ppty to the Manager T. CALVERT, °LAUGHTON Off4vISSR4, ST. HELENS

HSTABLISHED IbB4. DROFESSIONAL Gentlemen, farmer% trades- people,and respect/01u bousehdlders can have Immediate Advances from £lO to £1.0.)0 privately. on note of hand only, at easy rates ; no fees charged ; hundreds of testi- monials to my honourable and prompt dealings ;no genuine applicant refused ; cash advanced on all kinds of deeds, shares, or any kind of security, on most reasonable terms ; distance no object, letters promptly attended to JOHN FLHTOHHH„ 17, THOMAS ST., Bhwlehlll. Man

PROM .E 3 A.ND DPW OON e ett IL co 1: GIVE US A CALL AND OONVINOR YOURSELVES THAT OOHS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEoT RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable ls 6d weekly £2O repayable 7s 6d weekly. £5 „ 2s 0d £5O , „ 17a 6d £lO „ bs 61 „ £lOO „ 334 6d ~ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS' apply In eon- ' &lance to MAURICE AND 00.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGEREB7, Hies CO TTERILL. OASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HOURS, 9 ft in to 9 pro. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTE %WED TO. ESTABLISHED OVER PORI'Y YEARS.

NO PIOLIMIBARY FINS OHAWED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL STJMI (NOT LIM THAN eun. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 20 years the total amount lent by th undersigned EXCEEDED £1,250,000 He has received hundreds of uninlleltel letters of thanks and has annually, for the past nine years. issued selec- tions from these In pamphlets, of which more than 300,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for aivaneee, or any Information desired, will be supplied, free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KHNNEDY STREW, MANORHSTIM 1113TABLI8HBD 1870.

1/- PER BOTTLE TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE OF CHEMISTS. INSTANTANEOUS, WARM AND SOOTHING. THE COUGH CURE. THE BEST AND MOST RELIABLE CHLORODYNE IS NOT SOLD IN LESS THAN IF BOTTLES. THAT IS 24 DOSES FOR TOWLE'S caLoRoDYNE. ONE SHILLING.

Zig "C-Kaminer " *tries Irll. WARRINGTON AND MID-ORESH/RE EXAMINER. llshed every Saturday morning. THE HuirColiar 'DUMMER, published very Friday after- noon. It is the best weekly paper is the Town and District, end offers the best and cheapest ificPitles to Adver- tisers. (FHB WIDNES EXAMINER, pnblishert every Friday after I noon. Whines contahis the largest number of °herniae works of Ally town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly grow hog centre cf industry. MILE BARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER. published 1 every Friday afternooii. THY; ST. HELENS EXAMINER. Published every Friday 1 afternoon. PREPAID ADVERTISEKENTS APARTMRSTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. NOUsEB TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LoST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. 'ARTICLES YOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One . Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. I 18 1 27 I 36 I 45 1 64

SALM 1 SALM SALE! ! 7 W. T. WILLIAMS WILL CONIMM:4/014 HIS ANSU,kI, WIMI'Ma SALM TO-MORRO IF, tarutimor. LAHGEI RIMOCTIONi. • MILLINERY, 001 TS. CISTUMMq, FURS, DRS, BLOUSMI, ac. WHITM HOUSM. SANKRY SI RUST, WARRINGFON%

FOUND THA'n FOR QUALITY AND VA.LURT WINES AND SPIRITS FULTONS KOS. CANNOT BB BRAPEN, FULTON' BRO. 20, RENSHAW El ricEET, LIVERPOOL. AL') AT FULTON'S BUILDINGS, ROCHDALE. Telephone 2331 Royal, Llvernool, NOTIC EC,

, ici'ir 2:,-,--_-7-4zp--,.;,• -_-,-- --0 •-- . , Whooping ei '..'.. 9 '..• 1! I .. . . ~,,1„ 1. C 4 - `•---'' ' •' v ' .11.1,1 • - ..,,,,,,,,,my , ' • ',;l',' :' , • ..,, , --, .. , ','t ' l':1 '' ----,-- --,... —. ' • Cough ti, . •.......„,..,,, ~ . *..". 401-13 The best treatment for whooping cough is that which aims to relieve the ilil • Tiq symptoms, prevent complications, and improve the general health. Angier's 1 l' Emulsion does all this, and does it better than any other remedy. It not only greatly relieves the spasms of coughing and retching, and prevents catarrhal complications, but it builds up strength, increases vitality, and 4$ , enables the child to throw off the disease more quickly and with igss danger 0 ""1 of after ill-effects. It should be given as soon as the first symptonivis noticed P I 111 .0.1 and continued until the whoop has ceased. Of Chemists, t/t3/4, 2/9 and 4/G. Ify, CZ, A FREE S--'LE 1,1,. • in TA on receipt of 3d. for postage. Mention this paper. 1r '- THE ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., Ltd., 32 Snow Hill, LONDON, C.C. •

- _ !. .14 , ~p 1,:,' .; i/ ~,•,?,.; ~,,,, y,;?,-;, *-9 1,.-•/, ....: • .. ........ _ ~ ...d. 4 .. - --"tigft.......k,?..:,::-...-,-.• , . !,..f.,,i:,e-• ' r • ...4 ....,...4......: .. • ...... . ~.:.... ~. ..• - , 1...... w,..,,,,...,,, ~,,,,,..,f..r.:....,,,,,...,. ..:.:.,,_:......::..:.x.._._.....,_, ~$0 • - -\5W,H.7,,.:4310.4.—va..../ ------d- ;•-• - - - .. 1. __...... ~ ~ ,-...„. i.71114.x..3. , .• :•.-0.% „.. '11,44)...8y tinCie ' ,',..'' "'II' ' -•-...,,..›1iit . '''....e.' ~,.,.. '' - 61' ~. it .... r , -'s:i. w.-. '., ' -„-;,,. •,,„ q...',4.4.t-' .., •' , 7- , . '' ..:i.:, vire„. .."1.4--n*:•:4:.. ''.,. - ' ...,,,.....,... , ~.., .. 4.0.--, 77..2 lot risen ; it lantern. but thr tern- , &IC -/- %.,.. i' 75.1 -;'.."•.*:.,f .i` Caullo,llPV ' My Dear Children,— ' 1 I mu' 11 hapr'

_ . ES •—• , 9911 • - i!ll • •- . ~.., , _ -_,-;- •.. - Characteraseti by an excellent , _ ....... rlch proportion of nitrogenous food ',,, ~ 0 ;7----- ',--_ \ f'.. -‘ ---- la "--.. ---* -... tubstancel"—TßE LANCET 4, - ..6 l-.....c-rs i ..1 • ~.*l‘ . -7.- i ....7. "'"' So Years Establohed I?eputatio:r . --- ..- 4 •/„._ , -, ; n ~t Iv , 0, 0 0 '" , „ I,q, ;?r, ,-. ~- I . 4 4, 4.7'• 4Lii,l4' ,A.4t • 0 , , _ PERHAPS . You are not acquainted with the , delicious flavor of r ' MASON'S SE SENCE OF Y. COFFEE & CHICORY % in which case we shall be pleased to send you a free sample upon receipt ~ of a Pictorial Postcard addrecsed to NEWHALL & MASON. NOTTINGHAM. t 4 0 0 MOVIS Ir4R---,-....Z2 RTIDO 0 Makes Makes Strong Soya and Girls. I Sound and Good Tooth. ----- .---- . _ Tit --- ''''.".;.,--• 54'',3 'Co l'),1 _ , , ',';' 4:-'..,, :!,.. .. L , ..;',e' . • ?to ~o, ~ A' (et II y _ WlO6 s.r3T-- -, Jranairct di' Puri ~,, , ' .• 2, ' _

w. MOST EXTRAORDINARY OFFER. ikne4teell mote than all Other Maker; combined theretcre our Custumere t..tn Price The Slarvelloiti Free Gem Ring Bonk and an 11:11;trIteet Nutshell Catalogue are alte enetosed Thua n•ettal and entvrtantntg gotadt or tile o.anter 501011 VOO ""la etna IVe ;me Instant event= wNSITING 21. lid. only. etlnplete an! Ran Free Oak Statned ani Punttled Writing Cabinet Desk. 14 "In ilVtoort Centre,Lxk and Key. Ink Litt:Cc a Pent:ld:re, ot unuNi,kei Penal Lead Pennte. Eraser Seat:ngt ,"k Corn. 01-ITFIT na;ses OnIVII Glass Wrlttna Paper 811.-,:t.r.G and Pen; Money teturned :I nut lulled Ak or at Mentlan • PAM Francis:Exchange St Norwich,

nature, Ihranotire, ”,,, . I ,'S,Co 1,, Or God comes the overpm.fring ile d for— INSTANT RELIEF, Otis human hand n f hand i 3 take RAPID CURE. One human heart my. ow .1 to raise, OV One loving human voice to Oreak GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. The silence of mytffays. BY Indeed With ;ili,:t .it-re IA " first that whin is natural, than tiot wili,h is spiritual." BADE'S PIL a LS ' ''Human love is swetiest when it leadeth to a more divine mid perfett Love." , "I TAKE NO OTHER!" -- 13, Robin Hood-street, "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " PRIM-WINO 17IR HOME. Isle-of-Wight. Mona Cottages, Now another reason for long engagements, November 29th, 1904. CoalviLle, Leicestershire, and the best of all, is a man's wish to acquire Dear Sir,—l feel it a great _pleasure to drop you a June 4th, 1904. and prepare a //ow suitable for the object of his line to say how much good I have derived through Dear Sir,—l thank you for the good I have received *limiest affections. It is dift•tlt for women to using your Rheumatic Pills. I have had Rheumatism off from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two appreciate a man's intense Ise- for his home. and on for several years. I was recommended to use months ago and tried almost everything, but got no our P.ills and ersce USING THEM I TAKE NO OTHER. I better. 1 tried your Pills and am glad to say that 'the best of men feel tl,i . V.. 1, it is mime, the have likewise recommended theta to others and they AFTER TAKING THEM FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CURED best feelings a intuf can have. The home is the also wish me to let yon know what good theyare doing I was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs woman's kingdom, but it is also her battlefield them. I shall recommend them to all I know suffering Being a miner you may guess howl suffered, but thanks as it were, her place of business, her•office, her from Rheumatism. You can make what use you like of to your Pills I 133 vo never felt the least pain since. I profession—here she encounters many a joy, but this. I remain, recommend them to everybody myself. also many a difficulty, and her position is no Yours truly, Yours gratefully, sinecure. Take, for instance, the feelings of a JOHN CHAMBERS. JAMES WRIGHT. couple returnixg after some absence—she, no- EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S -GOUT PILLS less most forPunately situated, will be fretted Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all ' Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all by a hundred fears as to detail which will make injurious matter, and are highly restorative. I jurious matter, and are highly restorative. or mar the home coming, while he is blithe. Sold everywhere in bottles,ls. ILd.and 23. 9d. or sent I Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent jubilant, delighted to be once more back among I post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, the dear familiar household gods, and enjoy GEORGE RADE, 232, Goswell road London. i i GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. the comfort of his fireside. It is to add to the --- luxury and comfort of this temple of domestic virtue that he cheerfully foregoes matrimony, EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. sometimes for many a year. In this I think he errs, but it is a noble error. To my mind. the ll_ less tables and chairs, and pictures and gilding and bric-a-brac, the more simple the life the better. Probably another reason for long engagements nowadays is the fear of failure in married life. There are those who would fain hover on the brink, they dread the finality of matrimony, and that also is the reason of many worldly marriages. Will love last 2is the cry of such. If we marry to obtain material good, it is there, but this love so beautiful, will it endure ? Am I not giwping at the shadow, and losing the sub- stance which would give ease and enjoyment to life ? Again I nmst say, much depends on tem- perament, something on cirmunstanro. Many are perfectly incapable of appreciating the highest good. It is nise for each individual to recognise the needs of his own nature, and plan life accordingly. " Everything has its price and the price buys that and not something else," and those who marry for love will probably have much to sacrifice in the way of ambition and material good. To 811111 up. No engagement, generally speak- ing, except after a long previous acquaintance, should be shorter than three months, nor if pos- sible longer than three years.

, ---,i I C 71?" e World's illedicirie lli for Weak Slomacib ..7n7paired _Digosz'io:7, li' . , I .7i7cictive Slyer, co7d all _Rilicus arld i Arvous _Disorders. r 0..„........,....... _..........,..,„5.„ . =„i„--.., -7----, -7,--,, . ,e:O2 - 1 v-, ...7 N. ,Tivi 9 r...... , .'4 .. 0 licartai .=4' . • .11kNO, .• " En. Ake:LA „_ [....., pi L., C 134 L 4 .Ab._ j A few doses of BEECHAiVI'S PILLS act thoroughly open i the vital organs. They cleanse, strengthen and restore I the system to a healthy conditicn. They drive all im- purities from the blood and rid the stomach and bowels 1 of poisonous gases. They give tone to the digestive organs and enable the food properly to assimilate. Appetite returns and sleep is sound and refreshing. BEECHAM'S PILLS do all this without the aid of any other medicine. They have a great sale because they make great cure:. They cure because they are a great medicine. They recommend themselves. You will recommend them after use.

t-"W.O .' 1 Yl4' •, • r...-----... 4 A LOT OF MONEY IS - - , irilt NOT REQUIRED TO FURNISH I,' • ' f, ' ! I A BEDROOM .;•44 - , ,', 1 11'11 ! ,i, , , , ,1 ~ WITH COMFORT AND TASTE if you come to )--- • ‘ r.r ilk - :r i.t PITTS'S. For a combination of usefulness and 7,0 A us7l t.....;.:. w , 119 . , 46- ...a.=....-. ......... ' Ta I i elegance, modern bedroom furniture is to be j—minjwi _Jima/a iiii _.-7---i4 advised. ' ----- ---1 ,• ....e.....••••11, • usimossolmi--..,.., * IA THOSE WHO HAVE SEEN PITTS'S enormous I obi 111_,. -------I:.t.- -._ sandtoc tkh we iLlloalgvreperiwceisthaust wihnicmhapkiiTTngsth,sisspsectaitaelmiteniest ~..............1%nt,4 --- - rir.'"Pa; -;;;.'" --- .'C' in this line are marked will agree with everyone. Lt.:, " " ~• "Illa, 1 ' -: .% ...' z•••••,.--, You will find it quite a treat to call round and r7.:.:JsAyt; .' • . ' .., -•- ..":i inspect. MODEL FURNISHED HOUSES at 100 and 200 guineas each . and 30 SPECIMEN FURNISHED ROOMS Al.ways ON viEW. . tII) LONDON ROAD 8 00 PRICE il, VD 114 '7 :-..''' ••,'" ''''. • DESIGNS MANCHESTERi POST . FREE.

Goddard'S- Plate_ Powder Cieaning Silver Electro Plate* solti everywhere if,- 2/6 & 416.

GiGGEST BARGAIN EVER OFFERED TO LADIES. 0 , ! DIRECT FROM MAKER TO BUYER. 616 Splendid, Superb, Serge Skirt-5 Strapped Seams with Button— rerfect 3/. / Sating, Plain Back— Patch Pocket— 17 Bows Stitching with Double / • P.A.. . 167.\1 S,itch Strapping abeve, beautifully finished. Black, Navy, Medium, and Dark Grey. , : , Price ft/ti (post 44.1. Send length and waist measure. A Beautiful Black Caahruere Blouse—Faster, in 1 ront—lnsartlon Neck and Cuffs— 4"`• : , ... ~, , Gathered Sleevee—Yoke Back-14 Rows Smart Racking with Insertion Bandeau , Pleat Vf; i 0 ~ —Marvellous Value Price 3/. (post 3dd. Small, Medium, or large Sire, r,,:,1°.• •., , . Skirt and Blouse 10/, (Cm.ah with order.) •,!t.'• I. F. W. SNOW (Dap. 30), 108-110 Newgate Street, Bishop Auckland.

TOOTH-ACHE CURED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Preventsle:leecssayiiiSgtvtesspEretra.ct NEU RnLelll HEADACHES NER VINE and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. An Chemists, 18. "As•speolfie for Teethede it has no equal, I Lave used it surf...fully for yeare,' —Paev, W. Wnaou, MD. C R Ott° 00‘ tossUFACTUREfts t9rs, RUBBER STAMPS, TYPE', &c. <c". kI.E• ;06 t'S. 40z PHoNE NO. - txt,c, • MER ST MOC"

111 eirril/10-PILLS 1 (VEGETABLE) A, PERFECT Purifying, Tonic and Laxative family remedy for Biliousness, Liver Trouble, Stomach and Bowels, Impure Blood, Constipa- tion, etc. They dissipate "Blues" and Depressed Spirits, and general Out-of-sorts-ness." 111 i and 2/9 *Per box, of all Chemists, or on receipt of above prices, post free (with sample of Vercuro Ointment) from The Dayton Company, 118, City Road, London, E.C.

LIKE TOGO, IT CANNOT BE BEATEN. TOGO tic CO.'S WONDERFUL CURE. Institut relief to all sufferers from Rheumatics, Gout, Lumbago, Sciatica. Bronchitis, Sore Throats, Cold on the Chest. Small bottle, 1/1}; large bottle. 1/lA4. Prepared only by TOGO & Co., 77a Potter Lane, Holborn, London, W.C. Send at once P.O. for Trial Bottle and Testimonials

FENN' N GConvus) prevlers CHILDREN'S Cooling and powDERs 1 Soothing during Teething. Of all eheonists, Grocerl,'Stare.q. Boxes lilt urn!

. ,LAVilab C-BEWARE! FROST, COLD WINDS A HARD WATER will soon spoil vow- SKIN Ar COMPLEXION. 4 BEETHAMI' 19 Regg

Is. however, a Sure safeguard against their ill effects. A little used after washing will KEEP THE SKIN SOFT AND SMOOTH ALL THE YEAR ROUND. • Dr/ties is., as. 6d. of all Chemists Zs. Stores. M. Beetham & Son. Cheltenham. A

a 17/6 • 17/6 11 CENT f 1 1 BEVENTEE uatr& - 1 ' SmOVE,,RCOATS Li . X-AID•SIX 04:0 order/ r:a WHY PAY MORE when you can se- c,9 ours a real High-olau Rainproof Over. ..„, °oat, stylishly nut and superbly made. r. 111 Write to-day for Patterns and easy C. • Measure Forma (frea) to r 4 GLOBE CLOTHINI CO., CREWE. c' . _

liThe OLD Soap 11 ____ THE ____ Royal k rimrose In& .. soAgot roLip. 1:1414,Lzi in Nio' El El DO riunro (JOHN KNIGHT, Estd. 1817.) Made for nearly a century in the good old-fashioned way at the Royal Primrose Soap Works, Silvertown, the largest soap works in London. Unequalled for Purity and Excellence. LASTS LONGER than other SOAPS. ' SO DO THE CLOTHES. USED IN THE ROYAL LAUNDRIES / FOR MORE THAN 3 SYEARSASK YOUR GROCER , Knight's ROYAL PRIMROSE, and if yolt can't get it send postcard for address 431 nearest dealer who stocks it. Sole Makers: John Knight ei Sons. Ltd. Soapmakers to N.M. the 7(ing, The Royal Primrose Soap Works, London.

DIG ESS (Aegistered). Thenew remedy for 'whitestlon. Pr spepsia,Flatialenes. ks Gives instant relief. try it at once. Prima, post free, 1/If, 219, and 4/6. TO BB /lAD ONLY 07 OWA.Z.I) ZIAZEZR, SS. THEOBALD'S ROAD, LONDON, W. • • (' KEATING'S LOZENGES EASILY CURE THE WORST COUCH. s, One gives relief. An increasing sale tif over SO years is a certain test ot their value. Sold Its Tina 130. each. !,4

Hair Tonic The •• Uneek " rapid sod permanent reetorer. le. 3d. and is. 9.1. P. 0. Botta, 154, Blythe rd.. Weet Kenetnnton, W.

DI• a wonderful water pr )a,e,. 0 a es,B...„..dpiti.esHerAvtlilo. le.ft.4bnefi Pleasant odour allow polish lag with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGH MD AWAILDS. . u an riNtrzds,.. 6.6c1.25;5, ReriS:e fißeaerAo; D li -- - MEND YOUR OWN BOCIFS, HARNESS, &c. "AWL-U•WANT." M 1. PRICE. 71" ' ,-,,f, •N. i q Complete with iiikr.st.o.n '•' , .' ')^..' Thread and extra tn if,77 • - Bent Awl. post ree I 4. from JOHN YOUNG, 83 ECCLES NEW ROAD, SALFORD i 0 ---")7 -"TO Ca/ a )) t. :_. .. . - L. L'").?=--5)-' ..,. . ... .-_._ ,----...= ...„ _4,--- - . OF vie . 'co ra-PEE * I4O:V. ,:ci N STA. * , . - BY USING •. G SYM I N GTO. , N S a ___ _

.' • TAKt _ s •iii ......1 . i _ ~. , , -,.&.- -,\FlaogeoillPo' -,, ~.„, . , .. - I • ,'"*'444l . ..o.‘ i.ii it ASTHMA &13RONCRITIS. 1 ...,.., ' ':.: .. '..lol)9ellOGl.PliSS::''' 7' i ::,-.2, - --r-, , ft_ , 4 ---- 35 YEARS ~ . - ---PROVEN EFFICACY. AN EVER READY HOUSEHOLD REMEDY_ 14 LOOSENS PHLEGM. , ALLAYS C.OUGHL I .:- GIVES IMMEDIATE RELIEF. ., --..ririllti PILLS. •:- -viLs.=, • 4- b NT • Sc.:). II I , t •:• I 1. .a •:• 1 TltE COLOPFH ,

- --„&„ .$ -VOUNbi /iasee

t co LumBIA .-.. Cold -moulded - -€ : RECORDS , , 6......di although they wear like Iron, are distinguished for their 11111, fro stlvnecettn,esms ustiuTll volume, adnisd. . , ~ • it! absolute' raturalness. ' Fit \\ • 'V, ', ii'' , all cylinder talking ma- r' ' ‘ ' ' / chine'. No other records : are tt.eir equal, yet the 11 I I price is only Is. each. New 1 I ii E RE'S Se-win's List now ready. When played on the mar- vellous, new TM. VIT 1 I i Sound-Magnifying IN Columbia __ i $ lkif ERY i Graphophone, '011)1" •in tde sound is Si least 16 times '4"l louder and clearer and l 1 ,wee ter. Positively the , only machine of the kind in tilt world. I , 1 I C OUJ i'i IA a/ I,yr,c,r,re...onr, `S' pasrzo'cne,sßoiok Record Catalovie. , COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO., Creators ef the Talksttg Ma, hine Industry. Cienl. ' Larzest Manufacturers in the world. London: 89, Gt.lastern St..E.C., 200, Oxford St., W. . Glasgow : so, Union St. Carditl: crS, St. Mary St. ----...N. .... Sauce . is each ee.) • _. us • (.--.. ( \ ,7•:,l ilia one.innethdittiir (C.-*-.- ' orttrtleeddedorinsiCeov,l.eddWFerautiltie;C _ ....4: (..--- ----- ) I .... -, ...)2/ --, ......., - , , ( ))/ ...,........-_...... . -1,.... ;, :, .-:-44.,q,A •• .0,,,, -, At , • • -.-- ~•.•-•...,-i- ... - =-, ,I W4l—*-41t,..,- •- • V-. ~i• %A - 1• 4 . - ._ - . - - ~ .
