===== 0002601_19060908_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
114 IV ERPOOL ANu NORTH WALES. b. REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS from Prince's Landing '.`",..taize (weather permitting) at ; 0.45 am ,by "La NI arguerite,"Every Day (Friday St.Tudno) for LlanduQno Beaumarls, bangor, and Menai Bridge ( (with ('arnaryon connection week days) due back , 7 p.m. (3 hours ashore at Llandudno.) EXTRA SAILINGS, (SEP (EMBER.) (2 P.M. Saturdays 8, and 15. Sept', also Mondays 3, and 10. '..„ Septjor Llandudno,Beaumarie,Bangor and Menai Bridge. 11rIv Boat to Liverpool Mon. 3, 10, and 17, Dept. due at i., 10 IS, a.m . 7'15 a.m., 1611 of Anglesey Trip, by '• t. Bides' ~bruiriay 9 Sept. and Wedneaday 12 Sept. 11 ,or fares apply to the LIVF.HPOOG AND NORTH WALES (,11'EANVIHIP CONPANT, LTD. T. G. Brew, Secretarv. 40. i 7 %Del st.,Liverpool. Tel. 6366. 'LANGLANDS' SAILING.; TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. • PRINCE 99 LOUISE "OR OTHER STEAMER. LIVHPPOOL m 13 ae Dook ) Fro GLASGOW rreac (Berths No. 22-28, North Side) iti• Sept. 8111 11 p.m. Tues. Sept. 11th 2 p.m. *6.30 p.m. /..nrs Sept. 13th 6 p.m. Sat. Sept. 15th 2 p.m. *6.30 pin. ti:Loo• Sept. 18th 10 t., m. Thnrs.Sept. 20th 2 p in. *5.25 p.m. ''''. Sept. 22nd II p.m. Tues. Sept. 25th 2p.M. *6.30 p.m. "Train trom Glasgow ;Central) to Greenock (Central). . IPiecial reduced through tickets from Warrtnuton,Widoes &c. St nlele Ist Class and Cabin Ils. 6d. ; Single. 3rd Class and iv, °rake 65. Return (valid for two months) let Class and i 2VII 18s. • 3rd Class and Cabin, 17s. paetvn•—l'he above fares include the railway journey 7 ~._ eon Greenock and Glasgow (Central). 47131cial 14 days Excursion Ticket, : Cabin Ige. Steerage _ ___

~' M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, ;',7. CROSS STRERT. BIANORIibTER. ‘.. RUMFORD PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
_........ ..,.. VIRGINIAN : Opt. 14 I VICTORIAN...Sept. 28 'IIINISItN Note the sailing's of the new Turbine Steamers Virginian, Sept. 14, and Vietoriav, Sept, 28. 12,000 tons—sto.diest fastest. no vibration. Shortest sea rout.. . Handbool,s free —Apply Allans, 19, James-street, Liver- pool, and 123, Leadenhall-street, London.

.

-"/

===== 0002601_19060908_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & CO., PRINTERS, BOOKBINDER S Bewsey Street, Warring to

CONCERT BII.LS AND PROGRAMMES, INVOICES, ADDRESS CARDS. 4. JOHN WALKER AND CO;,

===== 0002601_19060908_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL kinds of BOOKS BOUND in any style from the simplest to the most elaborate. HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song, Festivals' &c. AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDULES & CATALOGUES,

===== 0002601_19060908_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRAMMES for Entertainments, Concerts, etc., in the latest artistic style. JOHN WALKER & CO., BBWSR3r STRUT, WARRINGTON

: -Mi -

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, ANH 13, NEWGATE STREET, CH ESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES. In Some of from MO to ELMO ON nIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. IP ANTIE IS wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantaaes offered, vie.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD-. ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYS.L'ENL OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN IMAMS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE 'NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS 11E0EIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEKTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE, In urgent mire a Representative will call personally upon applicants ens complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealiug and reasonable charges are widely known nd my reputation stands unrivalle

lIINJ

' i' ~.'

===== 0002601_19060908_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
IVIcDOUGALL'S Paterit SELF-RAISING FLOUR 11:7.fgasTTTIZN The Ex

WOMAN'S REALM.

with clrapea Outer sleeve DT tTle dress material, the most obvious encouragement is accorded a three-quarter length manche, by no means un- duly large at the top, while such folds as thcre are are deftly draped or twisted from beneath to enclose the arm with absolute precision below the elbow. This is quite one of the neatest, most attractive, and. withal, most reasonable little sleeves uvailable at th. moment, a twelve-button glove supplying all outdoor deficiencies. TO-DAT'S RECIPE.

PINEAPPLE PUDDING A LA METP.OPOIE.--Boit some pineapple in a pint of syrup and pass it through a tamrny (a pint of the pineapple and a pint of the syrup). Soak 2oz. of gelatine in water for a quarter of an hour, drain it, and put it into the hot syrup in which the pineapple has been boiled, and stir o,ver the fire till the gelatine is melted: strain it: let it tool, and add the puree. Deeorate a plain round mould with almonds, angelica, and dried 'lterries, stickine them on the mould with a little melted an't.l sweetened gelatize. Set the mould 'in ice and fll in 'with the pineapple puree; put a baking rh..et on the tnn with some ire on it. and let it remain on the ice for two hours, then turn out the puddine and serve. Cream may be handed with it. This pudding may be made with apricot purl* instead_ of the piny_pplc.

_ .. - --.=:C. ___ ...-..:‘,:kfis: 'c'y B e'st -- ' ';,• - .---- _x53._....-- • • 1„,,. , - - , ,gsm• - el .rNI.„. CZ: ,S, _ ,-,,ti, :7_ _ -----,--- '•• t...1d---- ~.0•V ' '-' ' Delicious ---:....,. • :.:.,...A,..,,,- -, • _....-7-_,N,, , ~. . - ___,..,...,,, Farthest.' - , ).a..,,,,,Q ter.i.z:,,.. _.tk.:,:,..,,, . . .. . • -Van Houten3CoCo -----o"._ _.,::*„.: _ . ..,,,, i ' -- ''.--- -1/ ..- -•"' __":1;42%-' ' ' • ,r.'" ~,,t''''''' ' -- - - .-....._‘- '. .t.'. i'.. : f. aoe,V,',--------- "Yields a maximum proportion of the ~ ...., ....-„,,--,-... ....-...P',. -,..... ' ' • ' ,- - ..._, ..-g• .1,,,i, / --.--- valuable food constituents of the bean in . -- ------ _,....e.__ ,a condition easy of assimilation and . . , ~...,: 4( digestion. —The Lanz-et. ,-.-- ----- ....,-- ---..,............._ ~......--.,- •;„ftog,.,:. - „ ' 11, ''.l --.:.• , • . • ;?. / ,P` # ' 111 ' A• ..• -,,,. ----c:- / A: Cocoa you can Enjoy. +,,,\ , / ~/ ),.••• : • - --..,_:-.. ~ -.......-;,14,..-., -_,__,---....._ . . .1.1 •VA4.900 1'.•,'..V4 "I'S 7.....4 'l'.:". '' ' ' ' ' . '• '

===== 0002601_19060908_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

PRINCESS SALM-SALM.

One of the most beautiful and distinguished figures in the great London world is the Prin- cess Salm-Salm, who is actnally the King of Spain's first cousin. Both she and the Prince were much in evidence this season, and they gave a number of delightful dinner-parties. Naturally, too, says the Sketch, they enjoyed every moment of the Cowes Week, for the Princess is an enthusiastic yachtswoman—in- deed, to her belongs the honour of having in- vented the smart yachting-cap so much in vogue which is raised at one side by a jaunty little tartan bow. Princess Salm-Salrn was born an Austrian Archduchess, being the eldest daughter of the Archduke Frederick, who is tho brother of the Queen-Dowager of Spain. Some four years ago she married at Vienna Prince Emmanuel Salm-Salm, a gallant, good- looking young cavalry officer belonging to the senior branch of that ancient family, which, being mediatised, is of rank equal to that of a reigning Royal Family. They have two beauti- ful little daughters, Princess Isabelle and Prin- cess Rosemary, both born at Potsdam, for their father holds a commission in the crack Prussian Regiment of Guar'ds.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY PLOESE.

The original little blouse portrayed was 'in- tended for realisation in tussore silk, but it would reproduce quite prettily in such inexpen- sive materials as delaine, cotton voile, or even some of the finer makes of French flannel. The little tucked yoke may be part of the blouse

itself, or composed of some transparent fabric, and worn as a separate under-yoke. The straps are formed of the self material, the insertion holes being worked in buttonhole stitch, and run through with soft satin ribbon, which is tied into rosettes over the shoulders, at the elbow, and on the yoke.

- fall- ( r .. , . . mtzii ( 7 01 r i v ! . , ' -..."'i ii 1 1111i1 , 1 l'1: , • !„ ' -' ' ' ------ . ' ri • - - • li:--1_ ' ----. • 1 " ii • , • 1 Vl.l II 111 111

===== 0002601_19060908_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
SMART CHILD'S FROCK.

The Glasgow police have three men under detention on suspicion of having stolen a large number of diamonds from London merchants who were transacting bnsiness in the cit,

Children's frocks are unusually pretty, simple, and practical this autumn, most of the models being designed with a view to keeping their shape after the rough-and-tumble wear of nur- sery and schoolroom. A partictlarly smart and useful little frock is illustrated in our present sketch. The material of which it is made is a light but strong blue serge, with a rather marked diagonal rib in its weave. From the

===== 0002601_19060908_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY Gillis WED Itlons.

I have given the subject mature consideration, says "A Spinster" in M. A. P., and have come to the conclusion tbat they do it, against their will and inclination, for two or three mordant reasons. In the first place, the power of the getter-on exercises upon them a fearful fascina- tion. They feel the self-contained determination under the tough's dull appearance, and it com- pels them. For money opens every gate, and ' woman, being quickwitted even in her girlhood, realises this keenly. She knows that marriage with a getter-on means a brilliant future for her --a definite position in society, all the beautiful delightful things she reads about in books—and it is impossible that this prospect should not in- fluence the most innocent and undesigning of -young damsels. Her parents, relations, and fends are strenuous in advising her to make the match, which sho is well aware many other girls are eager to snatch from her. And so in- clination, instinct, romance, and all the wondrous fancies that lurk in her heart are sacrificed at one fell swoop. No one but a woman knows what the sacrifice involves. No man, I think, could- possibly realise the loathing, flesh-crawling horror we experience at the touch of a man who cannot rouse in us either our affection or that mysterious affinite de chair which is so great a part of love. Fortunately, the tough is gener- ally an inaifferent lover; his caresses are half- hearted, his blood being cooled by the exercise of constant calculation. And, of course, one can get used to everything in time. But any girl who has once been kissed by a man she does not like will do well to think twice before she marries in defiance of the little organ she calls her heart.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
Mother= Martyrs.

Doomed to Lives of Suffering. The Record of One Victim. An Invalid for Two Years. Helpless; continually in Pain. An Amazing Recovery of Health and Energy; cured by

===== 0002601_19060908_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr.WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS

" I could not bear the children to be near me, for the constant struggle to bear such agony as I endured quite wore cult my nerves," said Mrs. Jenkins,of 46,Ann-street Clilfynydd, near Pontypridd. Yet after two years of intense suffering, this lady has found in Dr.,: Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People not only relief from pain,but a complete restoration of health. "After the birth of ODP of my children," said Mrs. Jenkins," I was laid up with rheumatic fever, and became reduced to a terribly weak state. I never expected to get about again. My legs swelled, and pains shot through rev body so acute that I could have screamed out. No medical skill seemed able to help me for in spite of medicine I grew weaker and weaker. My appetite left me, I was as white as a sheet, and suffered tortures of indigestion after taking food. For two years I was a complete invalid—helpless, and a burden to everybody. Day after day, I was Dillowed up in the same room, incapable of moving. 'MY heart was weak and I had fainting tits if $ knock came at the door I got into such slow state Divaiante at allowed to sit e. lastthat vnioonmewaii • did not seem to live at all. Phlk Pills " Finally a friend told my husband to give me Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and he thoughtfully bought a box for me._ _

took them, merely hoping that they might ease my sufferings a little, but I was surprised at the good they did me. The pains were relieved and I was encouraged by a feeling of brightness and improved appetite to continue taking them. Gradually I felt more strength coming, and found myself eating really solid meals, and enjoying food. I had no trace of indigestion, and all pains had long since ceased. Soon I was able to set outdoors and my former strength came back completely. My recovery after two years of such illness amazed everybody who knew me. I am now a strong and active woman again, with no troubles, and able to do m 7 day's work with ease, thanks to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, "My husband a little time ago had an attack of great weakness, but after taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People he was soon more robust than ever." Thousands of cured men and women speak from experience of benefits derived from Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People in cases of Anzemia, General Weakness, Indigestion, Eczema, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Pains in the Back, St. Vitus' Dance, Neuralgia and Nervous Disorders, and Paralysis. Sold by dealers, but always ask for the genuine pills (seven words as above) ; if in doubt send to the British Depot, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, enclosing 2s. 9d. for one box, or for six 13s. 9d.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTIAN CIRCLE STORIES.

So much harm is done by trashy literature of the "Penny Dreadful" order with which the market has been flooded during the last few years, that it is quite refreshing to welcome "Christian Circle Stories," the first number of which is now on sale at all newsagents and bookstalls. "Mid London's Glare "is the title of No. 1, and it is really a delightful story by that ever popular author, Sydney Watson. It is crammed with human interest from beginning to end, and we imagine that any of our readers who begin this romance of love and pathos will follow the characters with keen interest to the last page. It is a very fascinating story of high moral tone, very suitable for family reading, and yet is devoid of anything of the" goody goody" order. There is also a serial by Lilias Campbell Davidson, and when we remember that this penny weekly consists of 24 pages, well printed and splendidly illustrated, we wonder how it is done for the money, and at any rate we predict for "Christian Circle Stories " a large and ready sale.

A motor oar in which Mr. Bennett Burleigh, the well-known war correspondent was driving overturned near Compliegne, Mr. Burleigb sustained severe bruises.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
Chapter I

"The Fels-Napth way"

'• ,You can't wash in "the Fels- Naptha way" without Fels - Naptha soap.

The best results cannot be obtained from Fels-Naptha if you use it in the old way. "The Fels-Naptha way" is no boiling..,

Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street London E C .

===== 0002601_19060908_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Continental Spas.—With the departure of King Edward, the season at Marienbad comes to an end. The famous Austrian spa, has been crowded with British and American visitors, and His Majesty's patronage of the place year after year, has done much to popularise it with those classes who delight to go where Royalty goes. It is consequently much more given over to the gay and fashionable element of society, and the real invalids prefer Carlsbad, or other Spas. where the "cure "is taken more seriously. At Marienbad, the King has his early morning walk a little before eight, ' when he takes the waters, but at Carlsbad the visitors are expected to make their pilgrimage to the springs shortly after sunrise—and enjoy the open air concert from six to eight o'clock. There is the fashionable evening promenade, but as a rule more attention is paid at Carlsbad to the three golden rules of the "cure," viz, early hours, walking and simple diet, than at Marienbad. The Queen in Norway.—Queen Alexandra and Princess Victoria are expected back from their visit to Norway and Denmark about the middle of the month, and will join the King at Balmoral, where their Majesties will reside until October sth or 6th. The Queen. who is very poplar among the Norwegians, has visited Norway on two or three former occasions, but that beautiful country naturally presents a greater interest for her since Princess Maud became its Queen. The Queen and Princess Victoria have been spending part of the time on board the Royal Yacht, visiting the chief places of interest. Court life at Christiania is of an even more simple character than at Copenhagen, but that is what our Queen most appreciates, and it has been of the greatest enjoyment to her to spend the time with her daughter and son-in-law, in their new sphere and surroundings. Later in the autumn King llaakon, with Queen Maud, and their son Olaf, are to pay a visit to the King and Queen at Windsor. Appleton Hall, their Norfolk home is still kept up, but now that Princess Maud is one of the reigning Queens of Europe, she will not be able to spend as much time as she would like in this country. The Death of Lady Campbell-Bannerman.—The late Lady Henry Campbell-Bannerman was, like her husband, of pure Scottish descent. The daughter of General Sir Charles Bruce, she married'the then Mr. Henry Campbell in 1860, as it was subsequent to his marriage that the Premier took his second name under the will of his maternal uncle. There are no children of the marriage, and for many years before her death Lady Henry had been an invalid, which prevented her from taking a very active part in social life. She had only been out once or twice since the Premier took up his residence in Downing-street, but although in a precarious state, she looked forward hopefully to a return in better health from her visit to Marienbad, where she had been in the habit of going for very many years. She was not one to court the public gaze, but, like the late Mrs. W. E. Gladstone, she took the keenest interest in her husband's affairs and political career, and it was a grief to her that she was unable to take a more active part in the duties and hospitalities which devolve upon his high office, or that she had no daughter to take her place. Winchester Cathedral.—Visitors to Winchester Cathedral this slimmer will not be surprised at the official statement that it is in peril of becoming a ruin, although it will be nothing short of a national calamity if tke necessary funds are not forthcoming to save it from such a fate—St. Swithin, who lived and died in the ninth century, and is supposed still to influence our weather, was the seventeenth Bishop of Winchester,but the old Saxon Cathedral was replaced by a Norman one. It was commenced by Bishop Walkelin, a kinsman of the Conqueror, and this building forms a substantial part of the present Cathedral. According to the story, the King granted the Bishop as much wood from the Forest of Hempage, as he could cut down in four days and nights, but he did not limit the number of wood- men, and the Bishop gathered together a small army, and cut down the whole forest. In the year 1107, the centre tower fell, becaussa it was said, the ungodly William Rufus was interred in the Cathedral, and many alterations in the original edifice have naturally been effected from time to time. Still it ranks as one of the finest examples of early Norman architecture, and, with exception of that of Canterbury,is the longest cathedral in England. Another Stage Peerage Romance.—Miss Camille Clifford, whose engagement to the Hon. Henry Lyndhurst Bruce has excited so much interest, is known - chiefly on this side of the Atlantic for the part she played as a Gibson Girl in " The Prince of Pilson," and subsequently in " The Catch of the Season." In the latter company was also another Gibson Girl, Miss Eva Carrington, who married Lord de Clifford last February and a few days after Lord Ashburton married Miss Frances Donnelly, so that there is a prospect of a third stage and peerage wedding taking place this year. Miss Clifford, although representing the American girl on the stage, is a Norwegian by birth, and the Hon. Henry Lyndhurst Bruce, who has been singularly free and frank in talking about his matrimonial and bvsitiess affairs, is the eldest scn of Lord Aberdeen, and is now in his twenty-sixth year. The Corselet Skirt.—Very few corselet skirts are to be seen now, and bearing in mind the exhibitions that have fallen to our share during the summer, we cannot regret this state of affairs. Built by leading tailors, and given a perfect figure, the corselet skirt was just passable though never pretty or becoming in the hands of inexperienced cutters, and makers it was the most hideous device kneel nahle.The princess robe we have still with us, but there are rumours to the effect that with the autumn it will disappear for a while,and that Louis XIV. and Louis XVII. styles will reign supreme. A New Trimming.—ln the world of trimmings selvyt is to the fore, a fabric which combines the best qualities of leather and suede, while it possesses much of the charm of velvet. It is impossible to crease it, end to rain it is impervious. Tailors are building entire costumes, and motor coats of selvyt the colours so far preferred being dull olive greens, and chestnut browns. Comparatively few of us will be able to indulge in so costly a toilette, but collars, lapels, cuffs, and perchance vests of selvyt will not spell ruin to the majority of us. The Care of the Teeth.—Many people who would naturally possess quite a tolerable set of natures " wories " spoil them by carelessness, and ruin their digestion by omitting to consult a dentist when the first symptoms of decay make their appearance. As a matter of fact, a visit should be paid every six months, for the purpose of ascertaining if any attention is rcquired, and this should be especially observed in the case of small children, who may thereby be saved an infinity of pain and trouble, not to speak of laying the seeds of an impaired digestion in after life. One of the first things a child should be taught is the use of A toothbrush—a soft one, which will not injure the tender gums, while the water should he warm instead of cold. It should be pointed out to the beginner too, that the inner ide of the teeth require quite as much attention as thg outer, and that an up and down movement is better than one across the teeth and gums. Good teeth are a rare enough possession nowadays to be noticeable, and one to be carefully and assiduously cultivated. MA DOE

===== 0002601_19060908_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
N

===== 0002601_19060908_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1E

===== 0002601_19060908_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Saturday, September 8, 1906

T-':-'IE FIE OPAL.

By H. de Vere Stacpoole.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
.fiuthor of" The Doctor," "Fanny Lambert," etc. ~fj

CHAPTER Xli

ATE left Daisy—aTal;m—lua--aws she had hired a boy to carry her gladstone bap She was going she did not know where., Nothing but youth and the inexperience born of youth could have led her into such a fateful and, one might say, terrible position. A looker-on from the outside might have con- sidered the act of leaving her aunt's house an impulsive one. It was not in the least sod For years the instinct of rebellion against the ty-rrany of her aunt had been growing in her.• The position she held in her house had been growing more and more insupportable, a creature kept to be nagged at, to be reproved, to be ordered and bullied in a way that no servant would submit to, this had been her part since leaving school. She had submitted, possessed of a naturally sweet temper, knowing that her position in her aunt's house was one of a dependent. She had submitted and Miss Princeps took her submission for a sign of timidity and weakness of character.

The happenings of last night, especially the blow to her love for Arthur, had, however, broken down the barriers; all the pent up re- sentment in the girl's breast had broken forth, leading her to commit the act she had done. Daisy had once left her luggage at the cloak- room of , Paddington Station and the happy :hought now occurred to her to go there and deposit her bag whilst she looked for lodgings; the fact that she only had twentf-three shil- lings or so in her purse did not alarm her; she felt sure of being able to obtain work of some sort—" Anything," she murmured to, herself; "even scrubbing floors." In her innocence and want of worldly knowledge she did not know that even to scrub floors training is re- quired, and that training must be backed by recommendations as to character, and that even with these the demand for work in Lon- don or anywhere else is always, and always will be, in excess of the supply. She took an omnibus to Paddington, giving the boy a shilling for his trouble in carrying the bag. At Paddington Station she left the bag at the cloak-room and obtained a ticket for it which she put in her purse. Then she started off to find a room. She tried ,Eastbourne Terrace. She had the most vague idea of what the price of a room by the week ought to be; she had never had to do for herself before or to consider money in any way, but she knew this, that the whole of her capital being about twenty-three shillings she could not possibly afford more than five, or at the most six, shillings a week for her lodging unless she was to starve.

The Eastbourne Terrace landlady wanted, however, ten shillings for a most gloomy and depressing-looking apartment upholstered in red and with a copper-plate engraving of the Day of Judgment over the fireplace. -- "Thanks," said Daisy, "I'll think about it and call again." "Boot cleaning and candles are extra," said the landlady, rubbing the knuckles of her right hand in the palm of her left as if she were polishing an imaginary boot and looking at Daisy like a furtive ogre, taking in the value of her hat and her clothes in general with the astuteness of a Jew. " Thanks," said Daisy, "I'll call again. That is to say, if I decide, you know." "You wouldn't like to leave your name and address in the country, would you ? " asked the landlady, following her prospective lodger to the hall door.

"No, thanks," said Daisy ; " that is to say, not just now. I don't come from the country. Good-day." _ _

She escaped from the house feeling, as the fly might have felt, had she made her escape from the spider's parlour, and for some time she wandered about not knowing the neigh- bourhood, and at last, after several more en- counters with impossible landladies, she found a house in a street off Westbourne Grove which at least was clean and where she ob- tained a top bedroom for the modest sum of six shillings a week inclusive.

Having given her cloak-room ticket to tlie landlady, who said her son would fetch the bag, Daisy departed, intimating that she would not be back till evening and that she would get her dinner out. She had several plans in her head for obtain- in.' work; one as impracticable as the other. A girl at school, mad on theatricals, had stated one day to an admiring circle that any girl with good looks and the ordinary amount of brains could make a fortune on the stage. She said the thing to do was to go to a dramatic agent. These words carelessly dropped had taken root in Daisy's mind and were remem- bered now. She took an omnibus to Bond Street and went to the music shop with which she had always dehlt. They gave her the names of two dramatic agents, one in the Strand, the other in Southampton Street. She determined to go to the one in the Strand first.

Mr. Oppenheim's office (Oppenheim was the dramatic agent's name) was situated ,up a deep and dark and dusty stairway.

Mr. Oppenheim's waiting-room gave upon the Strand. It was comfortably furnished, .one might say gorgeously furnished, and there were a good many people in it—waiting. Men, some stout, prosperous looking, clean shaved, some not so prosperous looking, some dis- til:re-fly shabby, but all clean shaved. There were girls, one or two well dressed, that is to say, really well dressed, turning over the pages of the " Era" or "The Stage" ; others not so well dressed with faded faces blighted by that magician. who either destroys or im- mortalises—The Stage.

In an inner room sat Mr. Oppenheim pre- sumably seeing clients, for every 'now and then the door would open, a client would come out, and Mr. Oppenheim, a fat, dark, little man with a hooked nose and a pen behind his ear, would stand at the open doorway and survey the host before him as a butcher might survey sheep in a fold. Some he spoke to in the open doorway without giving them the honour of an interview in the sanctum; some he smiled upon and led by the arm (if they were men) into the inner room, closing the door as carefully as though they were treasures that might escape.

Daisy sat watching all this, interested and amused at first, then depressed. There was something in the atmosphere of the place that depressed her, or was it in the clients of Mr. Oppenheim. With a woman's-, instinct she knew that each one of them had surveyed her and summed her up; that the woirien- were ready to pick her to pieces and the men to be insolently familiar if she gave them a chance. She sat waiting her turn and had fallen into a sort of day dream in which the voices of the people around her had lost individuality and . were as far from a resemblance to human speech as the murmur of a cataract when she was brought to the reality of things by a voice addressing herd "Have you an appointment with me ? " She looked up; there were only a few people left, and Mr. Oppenheim was standing before her. and. addressing her, _

"Oh," she said with a start, "I beg your pardon. I came here—that is to say, I wish to see Mr. Oppenheim." "I am Mr. Oppenheim," said that gentle, mane " Come in, please."

He led the way into the inner office whis!s was furnished much like any other office in the City of London, except perhaps with regard to the walls, which were simply covered with photographs photographs of individual actors or actresses known to, or clients of, Mr. Oppenheim, and photographs of touring com- panies. Here and there was a play bill." " Tait a seat, plea-se," said Mr. Oppenhelin in a bu 'ness-like voice, seating himself at his desk and motioning Daisy to take the chair

that stood by " Wsat can Ido for you ? " " I called, said Daisy, looking at the little man and unable to make up her mind whether she liked him or not, "to see if you could give me some advice, I want to go on the stage. Mr. Oppenheim over looked his fair client She made the most pleasing and innocent picture possible in her fawn felt hat and blue serge tailor-made gown: j . You ask my advice about going on the ri' tage ? " said Mr. Oppenheim. "Yes," said Daisy. "Well," said Mr. Oppenheim, "my advice is—don't."

Daisy flushed, but the little man put up his hand as if to say, "Wait a moment." "It seems cruel I know," said he, "to say don't to a person who is burning to distin- guish themselves in art, still I say it, having said it I proceed to business. Have you any money?" " No."

"Have you any acquaintance with stage • matters ? " "You have never acted ? " "Oh, yes, in private theatricals—at school." " Quite so." said Air. Oppenheim, drawing a little picture on the blotting pad before him, then looking up; "you can't spend money on dresses, I suppose, as you have none." " I'm afraid not. No, I can't, it's better to be frank. I have no money to spend on any- thing." - "How long have you left school ? " Mr. Oppenheim at the new, question began a new picture on the blotting pad. "A year and eight months." "Do you live with your—excuse me these questions—your mother ? " " No."

Mr. lOppenheinr rose up, went to the win- dow, looked out, jingled the keys in his pocket and then spoke. "You have neither ;money nor knowledge of dramatic art. Dear me, young ladies come tome and.say, Mr. Oppenheim, I want to go on the stage, as if I had only to open a door and let them on. Gooy-I gracious, the stage, my dear child, is a profession far more difficult than law or medicine and far worse paid. You. must work, work,_ work and then in the end

perhaps fail. Girls think that you have only to wear pretty dresses and you're sure ol -success. True, if you can spend five thousand on dresses and make yourself otherwise notorious people will come to look at your dresses,but what position are you in then? The position of a manequin at Pa pin's or Red- fern's, a thing to exhibit clothes upon, not an actress. My dear young lady, I am afraid I can do nothing for you, but here is the address of a lady who gives instruction in the art of acting; if you have any dramatic genius she will develop it. Her fee is twenty guineas for a course, I believe, and now listen to me. Don't go to another agent; a good agent can do nothing for you at present, and the bad' agents are far worse than thieves." He showed her out. In Southampton Street it took her a little while to recover from her first attempt at ob- taining employment. With all her timidity and all her innocence, however, she had a bold heart and was not to be daunted. She made for Messrs. Short and Sharp, the other dramatic agents, whose office was situated in the Strand. In the excitement of her situation she had almost forgotten Arthur. The wound that her love had received was still fresh and still bleeding, but the new life which surrounded her distracted her attention—even as she walked down the Strand the flaring yellow newspaper placards were proclaiming to the world;

GREAT BANK ROBBERY. CLERIC AND LADY IMPLICATED. FLIGHT OF THE WOMAN.

Even if she had read it she would never have guessed that the clerk was Arthur Esmond, and that the woman referred to was herself, Daisy Graham*. . .

' Al Messrs. Short and Sklarp's they offered to put her name on their books for the modest sum ,of a guinea. The gentleman who offered to do this generous act was oily haired and glib of tongue. Daisy had been undecided as to "'nether she liked or disliked little Mr. Oppenheim; she was not in the least undecided about Mr. Short. She didn't like him at all. She left without parting with her money, fortunately, and took her way along the !Strand towards Somerset House. She passed Somerset House and walked half way across Waterloo Bridge. Then she stopped and gazed at the muddy, river flowing in sinister and snaky eddies past warehouses, barges, buildings, :and the misery' and wealth of Lon- don to be lost for ever in the sea. A [great depression had came upon her, spirits, everything seemed so hopeless and London was so gigantic, so merciless, so deaf. She made several more attempts that after- noon to obtain employment without success ; people seemed to look upon her with suspicion ; she was too well dressed, in fact, to be looking for a situation.

At dusk, weary and footsore, she was stand- ing by the Serpentine. She had no purpose of suicide in her mind, but she was in that con- dition of despair with everything that the slightest tip of the balance would have made her rush into the water and end at once her misery and her life. The troubles of the day had been bad enough; the dark and dreadful future was bad enough. Then suddenly she recalled Arthur's words at their last parting, his protestations of love:

"My God," she cried, "have pity on me," and drawing a deer long breath she turned, wearied of life, wearied of all things, towards the chill and darkening water.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XII.

WE left Arthur Esmond under the very mild surveillance of Mr. Struthers. Struthers, who was man of the world above everything, and who had gained a wide and ;varied experience Of men and things, first as cabin boy on a ship, then as purser, then as member of the Chicago police, and lastly as bank porter, Struthers was so well convinced in his own mind of the innocence of Arthur that he did not hesitate to leave him to his own devices whilst he himself took tea down- stairs in Mrs. Brown's parlour, That night Arthur did not go to bed. The horrible misfortune that had happened to him bad thrown him completely off his balance. The loss of the money was bad enough, one might have imagined that nothing could be worse, yet to him worse than the loss of the money was the fact that Daisy Graham's name was dragged into the affair; viorse still was the fact of the unfortunate paragraph in her letter. If she should be suspected,

As he paced the floor of his rcom he prayed fervently to God that Daisy would do the thing which she had not done—tell the exact meaning of the paragraph to Mr. Rowlands, and so by backing up his explanation prove her own innocence and his.

At eight o'clock the next morning he set off for the bank with Struthers, just as up in Hampstead Daisy was making for Padding- ton Station, a boy beside her carrying a glad- stone bag. They arrived at the bank before anyone else and Struthers went off to don his livery, whilst Arthur Esmond sat turning over the leaves of three morning papers he had bought on the way. In none of them was any reference made to the great robbery. He drew a sigh of relief. The respite was only temporary. The after- noon papers would be full of the news no doubt, bnt still it was a respite. He dreaded the questions of his brother clerks, although he was as innocent as the babe unborn. The

story he had to tell was on calm' reviewai absurd on the face of it,

He had accompanied an old gentleman in the street and their lost consciousness. He had also lost over forty thousand pounds worth of valuables. In his desk had been found a letter from a lady containing a highly suspicious paragraph and telling him in fact to beware of the police. Could anything be worse. The first of the clerks to arrive was a gentle- man named Higgins, one of those depressing people who are always in high spirits. He asked Arthur whether he was going into the newspaper trade, and heedless of the latter's moody and irritable! manner described a party he had been at the pight before with a full and glowing account of the girl he had lanced with, an account which was com- pleiely thrown away upon Arthur. Mr. Rowlands always entered the bank by a side entrance, and he was always punctual to the moment.

Arthur pretending to be busy with a column of accounts on a piece of paper felt the place around him fillipg with life as clerk after clerk entered rapidly on the heels of one another and took their. places. In a moment the building was humming; a deep sonorous sound filled the place from all the floors above and below; punctuated by the sound of swing doors flying open or closing and the musical clink of gal upon copper as the cashiers began dealing with the first cheques, for at a great London bank there is always a customer, or two who wants a cheque cashed immediately the door is opened. • The clock pointed to ten minutes past, the hour of Mr. Rowlands' arrival. Arthur from where he sat could see the Bank parlour door and its shiny brass handle, he saw the door open and Struthers go in and conic out again with an armful of papers just as he had done every morning since Arthur had joined the bank. He saw the chief cashier go in just as he went in every morning and come out just the same with no glance at him, Arthur, Cr look of suspicion, or look of surprise. There was something sinister in this ap- parent indifference to the tragedy of yester day. The great money machine called the London and Lancashire Bank seemed not in the least put out because a fly had got en- tangled amidst its machinery, a fly which the next revolution of its wheels was going to crush. The next revolution came.

The bank parlour door opened and Stru- thers came out. He made his way zig-zag- ging between desks towards Arthur. Struthers face was the face now of the cross tempered wall-ey4ed bank porter. He spoke to Arthur just, as he always spoke when conveying a message to a Clerk from the manager, that is frigidly, yet not in the ltast disrespectfully.

" Mr. Esmond, Mr. Rowlands wishes to speak to you in the parlour." "Thanks,' said Arthur, swallowing hastily, rising from. his chair, shutting the lid of his desk with a bang, and following Struthers. Mr. Rowlands was not alone ; two gentle- men were seated near, him. The bank manager himself was seated -just where he always sat att the ,big mahogany desk table. The great clock waS ticking leisurely, just as it always ticked, not in the least flurried by the fact that the London and Lancashire money machine was about to extinguish a career and pass on to `the turning over of money heedless of the pity of it all. The light of day came through the high windows to light up the scene, falling upon Mr. Rowlands' bard head, the papers before him, the gentlemen beside him, and the pale strained face of Arthur Esmond as he stood before this council ,ol three.

On the right of- Mr. Rowlands sat Lord de Morley, on the left Mr. Morgan, of the Criminal Investigation Department. ' This is Mr. , Esmond," said Mr. Rowlands, looking t Arthur and speaking to the two gentlemen on either side of him. .

- Arthur bowed. It was a• trying, position, the light full in his eyes and his three inquisi- tors before him, yet he met it with a certain quiet dignity which had its effect upon one at least of his hearers.

Lord de Morley began the interrogation, speaking in a quick irritable voice and jerky manner.

" Well, then—you are the gentleman to whom frny property was entrusted— what have you to say—what account have you to give of yourself? '

Arthur went through the whole experience, describing 'everything in the minutest. detail. " Is that all,? " " Yes," said Arthur'. " Well, •I know all that. Well, then, tell me this." He looked straight in Arthur's eyes and so piercingly that surely if there had been any guilt in the young man's mind he would have seen it.

"Tell me this—have you any private idea of who robbed you? " "None."

" You—excuse the brutality of the question —are not a thief yourself or in collusion with thievek? " • 'No:' not."

===== 0002601_19060908_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
" No sir," cried Arthur indignantly, " I arn

" I believe you," said his lordship, twirling his moustache and sinking back in his chair; he seemed to fall into a reverie. Then Mr. Rowlands seeming not te.. heed what Lord de Morley said turned to the man on his left.

"'You have heard-the story, • Mr. Estnond has told us; this letter," drawing Daisy Graham's letter from his pocket, " I found in his desk; this paragraph I have marked, read it."

" You have no right to show every'one that letter, sir," cried Arthur, making a step as if to tear the document from the detective's hand. "You found it by chance in my desk. I let you read it because otherwise you said you would ttand it over to the police for them to read; owing to an unfortunate sentence in it you suspected a lady, and I let you keep it that you might show it to her and so prove her and my innocence." "I showed it to her," said Mr. Rowlands calmly, "and it has proved, if anything, her guilt—and yours." Arthur stepped back as if from before a blow.

"Her guilt I " he cried. "You told me a cock and bull story," said Mr. Rowlands, "invented, I feel certain, on the Spur of the moment. She tells you to beware of being caught in that paragraph, to beware that the police don't see you. You said this referred to an appointment you had with her in the garden of her aunt's house, and the fact that to meet her you would have to scale a Wall. If the young lady had sub- stantiated this story I would have believed it, but when she absolutely refused to explain the meaning, though I told her it was a vital matter, I must disbelieve it, and in fact, to cut the matter short, I am bound, as a matter of course and in the interests of the bank, to give you in custody. I -don't think," said Mr. Rowlands judicially, and speaking apparently to the ink pot, ' that a magistrate on the evidence will convict or send the case to a jury, still it is my duty, and a very painful one to place the matter in the hands of the authorities, for them to deal with." A knock at the door. Cotie in," cried Mr. Rowlands, cutting or, his discourse and looking up with a shade of irritability on his face: - _•

Struthers entered bearing a card. He gave the card to Mr. Rowlands. " Miss Patience Princeps," he read, then in pencil, "Aunt of Mits Graham. Must see you at once." "Oh," said. Mr. Rowlands, then to Stru- thers. " Is the lady waiting ? " " Yes, sir."

"Then show her in at once." Struthers vanished. " I expect the lady who has just arrived," said Mr. Rowlands," will be able to shed some new light .ion the case; it is, in fact, Miss Princeps;the aunt of the—" ‘` Miss ,Princeps," announced Struthers. The flight b. Daisy only two hours ago—as she came down to breakfast she had received the news—the fact that she had not been able to touch breakfast, the long journey from Hamp- stead had all conspired, to put Miss Princeps in Dne of the most ferocious tempers into which it had ever been her lot to fall. . _

" Ah, there you are," said she, speaking to Mr. Rowlands and totally disregarding every- one else.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
"What have you done with my niece ? " Mr. Rowlands drew himself up stiffly. "Madam 1" said he.

" I'm not madam," said the lady, "I'm miss. I'm an unmarried woman, thank gpod- ness. You're the man who came to my house last night and spoke to my niece and showed her a letter. Like a fool, you left your card behind you, 'J. C. Rowlands, London and Lancashire Bank,' in pencil. Is this your card, sir, or is it not; come, no prevarication. "What do you mean, madam ? " cried Mr. Rowlands, the temper which he always, or nearly always, kept in subjection breaking loose for a moment.

1

. ' ‘.44

===== 0002601_19060908_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19060908_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER TO LIVERPOOL BY TRAM.

"Is—that—your—card—or —b —it —not?" asked Miss Princeps. " It is."

" Ah," said she, glancing at the others triumphantly as if she had convicted the bank manager of a crime. "Then if it's your card, what have you done with my niece ? " "I done with your niece, madam ? " cried Rowlands. Yes, you came last night and spoke to her, and to-day I find her gone." 41 -

Mr. Alt

Madam- ," said M. Rpyvlands, recovering himself somewhat yet glowing suppressed irritation in his speech, " if your niece has dis- appeared it is only one circumstance the more tending to incriminate her. Here is the letter I brought to your house last night ; read it." He then explained the whole circumstances of the case.

Miss Princeps listened to the talp, read the letter, and then, only for the intervention of Lord de Morley, she would have fallen to the floor. She had fainted.

(To be continued.l

ON CRUTCHES 7 YEARS.

PRONOUNCED INCURABLE.

Suffered from Spinal Paralysis. Miraculously Cured by Dr. Cassell's Tablets.

JESSE ROSLING, Church-lane, Preston, near Hull, writes :—"For seven years I was suffering with Paralysis and Spinal Weak- ness. The feeling had gone entirely from my limbs, and it was with the utmost difficulty that I could walk with crutches. I lost flesh rapidly, and was unable to work. The doctors hero said I was incurable. Three months ago I commenced to take Di?. CA.SSILLL's FLESH-FORMING AND STRENGTHENING TABLETS J and am glad to say at the present time I can walk MR. Rosuse (from Photo). without assistance. After the first month I gained three pounds. in weight; the feeling came back to my limbs, and I must say that the cure you have effected is nothing short of miraculous. I am able to work a little now, and have had a number of visitors coming to see me who could not believe that Dr. Cassell's Tablets had done so much good. You are at liberty to publish this letter, as I cannot do too much to show my gratitude." DR. CASSELL'S FLESH-FORMING AND STRENGTHENING TABLETS dreate NERVE, BLOOD, HEALTHY FLESH. STRENGTH, VITALITY. PREVENT PREMATURE GREYNESS and delay Old Age Appearance. The remedy of doctors and scientific men • the perfection of medicine for weak decaying nerves and body in young, or old. Ask for DA. CASSELL'S FLESH-FORMING AND STRENGTHENING TABLETS, price 100. and 2s. 9d. per bottle. Sold by all Chemists, or post free from the famous Dr. Cas sell's Co. Ltd., King-street West Manchester. Ad vice free by letter.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. Results for September I st. Latchford Christ Church 1, Palatine 2. Castner Kelner 2. Orford Barracks 0. Rylands 2, Go'borne 0. Latchford Crescents 8, Ortord 1. Matches for to-day, (Saturday). Mahnll v. Halton Villa referee a: Mather. Orford Barracks v. Christ Church, referee F. Clegg'. Warrington Albions v. Palatine, referee T. Worrell. Golborne v. Rylands, referee W. H. Crowther, Castner Reserves v. Widnes St. Paul's, referee F. t../* Burrows. St. Elphins v. Warrington St. Paul's, referee C. T. Cox. Oughtrington Park Reserves v. Daresbury, referee J. R. Davies. Orford v. St. Bamabas, referee W. Nicholson. Halton v. Albion Reserves, referee T. Stephens. Latchford Crescents v. Penketh, referee Col. Sgt. Grailey.

FRIENDLY MATCH. RYLANDS v. GOLDORISE.

Thispatch took place at Gorsey-lane on Saturday. Mr. Neild (manager for Messrs. Rylands Bros., Ltd-,) set the leather in motion, ad the visitors took play to the bomesters' goal, .with no result. t yen play followed until a breakaway by the Wiremen ended in Allan scoring the first goal of the season. Half-time —Rylands, 1 goal ; Golborne nil.—ln the second half the Colliers tried hard to equalise, but could not break through the defence. Wright scored again for Rylands, and the game ended in a win for the Wiremen by 2 goals to nil.

The prospect of a through tram service between Manchester and Liverpool is said to be remote. Owing to a rumour as to the difference in gauge between, the Manchester and Salford and the south Lancashire systems a correspondent on Wednesday visited the point where the lines actually touch at Winton, the boundari of Eccles borough an Worsley. The workmen erect' ing the overhead equipment expect that the South Lanbashire line through Worsley will be open in a few weeks. Where the two systems' lines come in contact the guage shows a difference of an inch, and several measurements made by one of the gangers show that the South Lancashire Company's gauge is 4ft. Sin., and the Manchester and Salford gauge 4ft. Oiin. (4ft. 91in.)

- • ",** . • ,

1 4 artimit

===== 0002601_19060908_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBAL I.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
~n 0 ''. ..,,,, , : . ~..,. , , ... , ~., ~,:e.,. ~i e . , . f ,/-• al., ~,,,i' , . . , ~:v. ~, ~,,,,..4.q., ....,,,,,..0,......,, •,. '"' f . o '.,' 4. . • ;.7.)' ... H itrnesEat in 9us all ity. :,,,,,..:, * '' Law co •it lii F* r i GEM •

BEAUTIFUL WARRINGTON SOCIETY. FIRST ANNUAL SHOW.

If proof were needed that the Beautiful Warrington movement is progressing, it was forthcoming on 'Saturday when the first annual exhibition of flowers, plants, window boxes, and hanging baskets was held in the Parr Hall. The large attendance demonstrated the great interest of the townspeople in the work. Especially pleasinftwas it to see the juveniles present in such strong force, for when their sympathies have 'been enlisted success must he within measurable distance. The show itself wae exceedingly creditable to an industrial town like Warrington, and the hall presented a very bright an picturesque appearance. Although the number of competing exhibits was not very large, the specimens presented showed that great care had been bestowed upon their cultivation. Then too it must be remembered that the movement is in its infancy, and no doubt when another year has passed more enthusiastic support will have been enlisted and keener competition engendered. There is no doubt whatever that the Society is making splendid headway in the junior section audit was gratifying to see such a fine display of plants and bouquets of wild flowers brought to the hall by the youngsters. Non-competing exhibits, too, provided a striking and attractive feature. There were some magnificent groups of plants and flowers, the centre piece-10 feet in diameter —being sent from the Perk. The Society was indebted to the following for non-competing exhibits :—The Mayor of Warrington' the Corporation of Warrington, Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall, Members of the Stockton Heath Garden Society, Mr. and Mrs. Long, Mr. and Mrs. Lyon Mrs. Stanton, Mr. Henry Roberts, Mr. Gordon Rofaerts, Mr. F. R. Roberts, Mr. Tandy, Mrs. Massey, Mr. Vera Davies, Mr. Leonard Davies, Dr. Markel, Mr. Greening, Mr. J. Fairhurst, Mr. T. J. Lee, Mr. E. Slater, Mr. Ward (section of a bee-hive), Mr. W. Powell. The work of judging was undertaken by Mr. J. Parkinson and Mr. Poulton Whose decisions appeared to give satisfaction. The arrangements had been admirably carried oueby the committee and officials, a special word of praise being due to Mr. J. Fairhurst, the energetic hon. secretary, and to Mr. A. Fawcett, secretary of the Show Committee. During the afternoon and evening Mr. T. J. Down's orchestra was in attendance and sub- mitted an excellent programme which gave the greatest pleasure. Mr. Arthur Down conducted.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OPENING CEREMONY.

The show was opened by Colonel R. Ireland Black- burne, C. 8., president of the society, who was accom Ponied by Mrs. Blackburne. Canon Morley Stevenson (chairman of the Executive Committee) presided and amongst others present were :—Mrs. Heywood Bright, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Greenall, the Rev. W. Stanton, Alderman Bennett and Mr. John Fairhurst (hon. secretary). Mr. FAIRHURST read the following report on the outside exhibits, including fixed window boxes and back and front gardens. The judge (Mr. W. H. Woodcock) wrote :—" Gentlemen,—ln handing in the list of suc- cessful competitors for the outside exhibits, we think it advisable to add the accompanying remarks. That much would be gained if the members in laying out their gardens would choose a simple design, more especially where space is limited ; walks curved rather than angular ; beds circular or oval, and the space for flowers as open as possible. In planting the flower borders, the object should be to obtain a succession of bloom, effective contrast and gradation of height. We consider that the society could do some of its best work by encouraging the residents in many of the streets to elver into a friendly rivalry to make each individual street as attractive as possible. Canvassing done by the Ward Committees would do much to give this movement a start. We noticed a very large number of front gardens at present quite neglected and weedgrown which by attention could be made veryattractive. dmost every street provides some examples of this. Considering the short existence of the society the efforts of the com- petitors were satisfactory." One street entered into competition (Wakefleld.street), and the judges (Messrs. Usan and W. H. Woodcock) awarded the prizes as pii..°,37—First prize. No. 53; second prize,No. 47;third Lateb7;,s, The ward prizes is ere awarded as follows :- 2 Peter Clll Ward—Small front garden: 1, H. Harmop ; L'awrence 'lei 3. H. Lawrence. Back garden : 1, H. garden-I,;A2.'RPeter Cliffe. Fairfield Ward—Small front 2• Yates;R 2, R. Lunt. Back garden: 1, James Anders; Hall Ward—s Lunt ;3, William Hopkins. Town mall front garden : 2, Austin Hankinson. Whitecross Ward_Window box : The only entry in this chug was more of a bay window display than a window box. We have therefore, awarded a special prize equal to a first prize to John Parkinson." The school children's competition report read "Some time ago the society was able with the very generous assistance from Sir Peter Walker, Bart.. and others to distribute young plants among the school children. The venture has proved a success. In the competition both successes and failures have been brought forward; there are, however, very few in- grown specimens. The causes of unsatisfactorY growth have been explained to the children, and are mostly due to lavish watering and want of drainage. The number of plants presented for competition was 1,196, out of the number distributed (2,500), which is considered satisfactory. We congratulate the society on its most noble work ; Mr. Longshaw, the secretary of the school children's competition, for his labours bestowed ; the masters and mistresses on the admirable arrangement made at the exhibitions, and kindly interest shown generally ; and last, but not least, the children themselves. Nothing gave us creater pleasure than to see the enthusiasm created amongst them. We believe that in this venture the society have hit upon their most ennobling acheme. It is eminently health- ful, as a hobby ought to be. It is a pursuit conducive in a very high degree to the cultivation of refined taste, and being in a double sense a sign of culture and it decorator of the Home Beautiful it has no equal." (Applause). Canon MoRLEy STEVENSON expressed the gratitude of the society to the kind friends who had lent exhibits (not for competition)which had added very much to the beauty of the show,to Mr. Down for having brought his excellent band to enliven the proceedings, and to msny other people for acts of kindness and service. The Society wanted to encourage the growth of plants in all the homes of the town and in all the schools. They wanted to make the home beautiful, and they honestly believed there was no-one in Warrington who could not grove a plant or plants in their own house and help to make that house more beautiful than it was now. He would ask the visitors particularly to look at the exhibits which had come from the houses of the people and from the schools of the borough, and he thought they would see that although the show had been got up at a some- what short notice, real efforts had been and were being made to beautify the home. With regard to the children's section, no-one had entered into the work of the Society more heartily than the teachers and the children in the schools. He was sure the visitors would agree that the plants grown by the children, 'which were on view in the corridor,were very creditable indeed to youthful beginners. (Applause.) Colonel IRELAND -BLACKBDRNE said heffully appre- ciated the honour which the Society had done him in asking him to open their first show, as his family bad been long connected with the town of Warrington. The Colonel proceeded to review the position of the Society, -Pointing out that it had now between 500 and 600 full Members and a juvenile section 2,500 strong. During the year two open spaces—one near Fairfield Hall and the other in Knutsford-road—had been planted with tress and shrubs. In addition 500 window boxes had been distributed and very much brightened the apnea r- ance of the streets. The present show was an evidence Of what could be accomplished in the growth of plant and flowers even in a commerical town like Warrington. The heartiest thanks of the Society were due to Canon Morley Stevenson and to Mr. John Fairhurst, the indefatigable hon. secretary—(applause)—as well as to Manv others who bad laboured most assiduously to make the kociety a success. Canon Stevenson had written a most interesting pamphlet on "How to make Warring. ton beautiful" and he (the speaker) commended it to the careful perusal of all who wished well to the move- ' 41ent. (Applause.) Alderman BENNETT, in moving a vote of thanks to

Biaggi

•

: • 1 i.) • • .•

U

===== 0002601_19060908_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
Colonel Ireland Blackburn°, said that among the many favourable circumstances which had encouraged them in the work of the society, one of the.most gratifying was to secure Colonel Ireland Blaokburne as the first president. The choice was most appropriate because the family had long been intimately associated with the town and one of his (Alderman Bennett's) earliest recollections—a recollection which he still cherished— was of the old avenue leading to Colonel Ireland Black- burne's ancestral home and of the obelisk at the end of it which commemorated the virtues of one of the Colonel's ancekors who was well-known as an eminent botanist. The member of the family commemorated by the obelisk formerly lived at the hall and was the second gentleman in Britain to successfully grow the pine- apple and the first to produce the cotton plant. A dress was actually made from the cotton grown there and a member of the family Intended to go to Court in it but was pre- vented by bereavement. He (Alderman Bennett) remem- bered in the days gone by seeing the late Colonel Black- burns riding to and fro among the green fields that former- ly existed near that hall. After that retrospective glance, If one might take a look into futurity, he hoped that as a result of the work of the Society they would once more have avenues as beautiful as the old Orford-avenue and green fields in the heart of the town. He welcomed the presence of Colonel and Mrs. Ireland Blackburne and trusted it would be the beginning of a much closer connection between them and the town. (Applause.) The Rev. W. STANTON seconded and said the changes affected by the society's work were already noticeable as one drove into the town. Of course there was always the temptation in a place like Warrington, where there was so much smoke and a great deal of discouragement to the growing of plants, to think that such efforts were of no use. English people, however, prided themselves upon not being beaten, and on succeeding in the face of difficulties, so they who were engaged in that good work must per- severe to make Warrington beautiful. (Applause.) The vote was heartily accorded, and Col. IRELAND BLAcasurtm responded. THE PRIZE LIST.

CLASSES FOR MEMBERS OP THE SOCIETY WHO DO NOT

===== 0002601_19060908_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
POSSESS EITHER FRAME OR GREENHOUSE.

WINDOW PLANTS.. One geranium"! 1, H. Harrop. One aspidistra: I,'R. Archer • 2, H. Lawrence; 3, Mrs. S. Birdh. One fern: 1, R. Archer; 2, H. War- burton. One campanula: 1, H. Harrop. One palm: 1, R. Archer; 2, H. Warburton. one begonia: 1, H. Harrop. One foliage plant (any other variety) : 1, R. Archer; 2, H. Warburton; 3, Mrs. Jefferies. One plant in flower (any other variety): 1, H. Warburton. Wugnow BoxEs.—Window box (plain) for the neatest and best arrangement of plants: 1 and 2, Miss E. A Bircball : 3, Agnes Gleave. HANGING BASKETS.—Neatest and best display by means of a hanging basket: 2, H. Warburton. CUT FLOWERS.—Colleotion of four varieties of cut flowers, out-door grown : H. Harrop ; 2, H. War- burton. CLASSES FOR MEMBERS POSSESSING FRAME OR GREENHOUSE.

PLANTS.--Three geraniums: 1, Peter Cliffe; 2, J. Boyle. Three fuchsias: I, Peter Cliffe. Three fermi: 1, Peter Cliffe. Three begonias: 1, P. Cliffe. Three foliage plants (any other variety): 1, P. Cliffe. Three flowering plants (any other variety) : I,P. Cliffe. One ilium: 1, P. Cliffe; 2, James Scott. Best arranged group of plants to consist of either foliage or flowering plants, or both, to cover an area of 3ft. by 3ft.: 1, P. Cliffe. _ _ _

_ CUT FLOWERS.-Six asters: 1, T. H. Longsbaw; 2, P. Cliffe; 3, H. Warburton. Six dahlias (cactus): 1, P. Cliffe; 2, H. Harrop ; 3, H. Warburton. Six dahlias (show or fancy): 1, P. Cliffs ; 2, H. Harm). 3, H. Warburton. Twelve pansies: 1, H. Harrop; 2, F. H. Longshaw. Twelve violas (in not less than three varieties) : 1, Peter Cliffe ; 2, H. Warburton; 3, H. Harrop. One vase of 12 sprays of sweet peas : 1, C. Plinston; 2, H. Warburton; 3, H. Lawrence. Six roses, any variety : 1, Mrs. Janet Edelsten ; 2, P. Cliffe. Three marigolds (African) : 1, Mrs. Janet Edelsten ; 2, H. Harrop. Six marigolds (French) : 2, H. Harrop. Collection of four distinct varieties of cut bloom (perennials) : 1, Mrs Janet Edelsten ; 2, P. Cliffe ;3, C. Plinston. Collection of four distinct varieties of cut bloom (annuals): 1, C. Plinston ; 2, F. H. Longshaw ; I 3, P. Cliffe. Best floral arrangement in table vase: 1,1 Mrs. Edelston ; 2, H. Harrop ; 3, J. Scott. ScHool, CHiLDREN's CLAssEs.-Hand bouquet of wild flowers, the most tastefully arranged: 1, Daisy Fawcett • 2, Phyllis Burrows ;,3, Thomas Whitby; h Jenny Simpson and Charlotte Furness; 0, Agnes Kelpeck and Samuel Baguley. Best specimen plant, geranium : 1, A. D. Cook ; 2, Harry Jolley ;3, John W. Cook; hc, Reginald Wilkes; o, James Chorley, Beatrice Stretch, and Duncan Munn. Fuchsias: 1, William Hbraileld ; 2, Albert Houghton ; 3, James Wood; hc, Joseph Bradshaw and Mary Morgan; c, A. Lake and Gladys King. SCHOOL CHILDREN'S COMPETITION. This competition took place at the various elementary schools during last week, the children exhibiting the plants which had been distributed to them earlier in the year by the society. Awards :- ST. ALBANS.-I,Gertrude Dean ; 2,William Atherton; 3, Mary Marsh; h c, Cissie Montgomery; o, Agnes Roylance. Sr. MARY'S (BOYS).-1, William Butler; 2, Thomas Mc Garry; 3, Basil Newton; h c, Matthew Hardiman ; c, Charles Challoner. Sr. MARY'S (Gnu,s).-1, Clara King; 2, Gladys King; 3, Rose Roddy ;.h c, Eleanor Edwards; c, Eliza Flannery. LADIES' SCHOOL OF INDUSTRY.-I,Marg.aret Woods; 2, Bertha Shaw; 3, Sarah Phillips; hc,Drusy Delaney; 0. Emily Povey. " PAROCHIAL (BoYs).-1, Arthur Boardman ; 2, Herbert Hicks; 3, William Berry ; h c, Lawrence Gill ; 0,1 Stanley Hill. FAIRFIELD (UPPER GIRLS).-1, Dorothy Harding; 2, Mabel Harding; 3, Minnie Templeton ; h c, Mary I parker; c, Gladys De Levante. FAIRFIELD (GIRLS).-1, Daisy Rowley ; 2; Annie Griffiths; 3, Elsie Rigby ; h c, Edith Hallows. c, Winifred Avis.

ST. BARNARAS.-1, John Burrell ; 2, Gertrude Hill; 3, Ernest Myles ; h o, Nellie Yates ; tt, Ethel Bladen. SACRED HEART.-1, Albert Houghton; 2, Emma Morgan; 3, Frances Ray; h c, John Dorrian ; c, Lillie Riley. _ _ _ .

HOLY TRTNITT.-1, James Woods ,• 2, John Wm. Cook ; 3, Mary Wood ; h c, Reginald Wilkes; c, James Chorley, Frank Dutton, Adelaide Frice. LATCHFORD (ST. JAMES').-1, Evelyn Oxley and Duncan Munn • 2, Arthur Lingard and John Clarke; 3 Nellie Lingard and Arthur Oakes; h c, Rhoda Grant and Herbert Woodward; c, Vera Wood and Agnes Kilpeck. LATCHFORD (ST. MARY'S).-1, Han Walsh; 2, Louls Graham ; 3, Agnes Jeffries ; h c, Tom Morris ; c, Fred Itylance. L ATM] FORD (CHRIST CH URCII).-I,Joseph Bradshaw; 2, John Smith ; 3, Bertha Mercer; h c, John Starkey ; c Margaret Buckley. 'HAMILTON-STREET (BovS).—l, Daniel Moores- Thomas Worrell ;3. John Allen; hc, Robert Short'; c, Herbert Higginson. HAMILTON-STREET (GIRLS).-1, Dorothy Plinston ;2, Alice Hazlehurst ; 3, Nellie Ayes; h c,Elsie Wilkinson; c, Hannah Derbyshire. SILVER-STREET.-1, Arthur Peake ; 2, George Cole; 3, Lillie Higham ,• h c, J. Leigh; a, Lily McKenzie. • ST. Atofs.—l, William Horstleld ;2, Lottie Stevens: 3, Maaleh Knight; _h c, Arthur Palmer; c, Arthur Lake. I WYCLIFFE.-1, Harry Jolley; 2, Sydney Jeffrey ;3, Stanley • Healey; hc, Alexander Yates ; c, George Worrall. HEATIISIDE (GIRLs).-1, Beatrice Stretch ; 2, Fanny ; Stringer; 3, Maudo Jones; h c, Hettie Battersby ; c, ' Nellie Booth. HEATHSIDE (BoTs).—l, George McGee; 2, Frank !Bibby ; 3, William Pinson; hc, Sidney Cawley; c, ;Fred Griffiths. I WARRINCTON BRITISH.-1, Edward H. Hunstone Edith Hunstone George Gee, John Hewitt and Mary Morgan ; 2, Ethel Turner, J. Phillips, Ralph Holland, Amy Adams ; 3, Minnie Starkey, Doris Taylor, Charles Furness, L. Gallon, and Harold Nevins ; h a, Beatrice James, Sidney Wright, Rosa Baker, A. D.Cook ; Thomas Cosgrove and Dora Podmore ; Prod Peacock, Agnes Gaskell, Arthur Waring and Bertha Plinston.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
GIRLS AND BEAUTY FOODS.

Much of the " muddy," coarse, or other complexion blemishes are produced by the inordinate craze many girls have for acid flavourings and strong tasting sweets that directly produce impurities in the blood. The King's physician advises a more plentiful use of dried currants, which contain a very delicate and agreeable acid, and are nearly all nourishing grape sugar.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington P.S.A.

The usual meeting of this society was held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Sunday, Mr. J. W. Sherlock presided, and gave an address on "The importance of individual choice." Mr. john Gill pointed out how every man was responsible for help- ing forward the coming of God's kingdom on earth. Mr. Percy Denby rendered two solos in an efficient manner, and Mr. R. Nelson read the Scripture lesson. On the motion of Mr. Wynne Jones, seconded by Councillor Clegg, a vote of condolence was passed with the widow of the late Mr. Henry Taylor (police court missionary). It was largely through the efforts of Mr. Taylor that the Warrington P.S.A. was started nearly 14 years ago, and Mr. Taylor was himself associated with the P.S.A. for mans years.

- , •-••

===== 0002601_19060908_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 8, 1906.

(Copyright.)

"He's a cove with a lantern phiz, broken nose, and a cock-eye, and a dimon' as big as a nut on his finger." Dewhurst opened a secret drawer and took out a roll of bank-notes, which he handed over. "Now go!" he roared, for a moment losing control of himself, and White fled like a scared rabbit. Dewhurst mounted a bicycle and rode into thE town, where he sent off a cable announcing the seizure by the Government of twenty thousand ounces, and asking for instructions. War had not yet been declared, and there was just a chance that the message would get through. If it did get through hq could not expect a reply until next day, and in spite of the urgent advice of those friends who were among the last to leave the city, he decided to wait. The reply to his cable was delivered next morning, and he read at the same time an order in Dutch posted up in the post-office announcing that no more passenger trains would be despatched. The cable was short, and completed , the load of his troubles. It read: "Resignation ' 'accepted. Hand all books and documents over to Carl Muller." It was signed Maynard. I Dewhurst stood on the stoep Staring blankly over the Market-square, as the iron sank into his soul. He had not offered his resignation, he had not expected his dismissal, but what hurt him more than the cruelty of his discharge when he had remained at his post after others had fled, was the order to give up the books to Carl Muller, the man he disliked of all others, who had aspired to the! hand of Minnie Maynard. "Muller," he said, and as he depicted the triumph of his rival lea suddenly turned- white tc the lips for in a flash he identified "The Boss," described by White, with Muller. The mean rascal's description ci "The Boss" as a man with a broken nose' lantern face, and a cock eye had not, when related, carried with it any resemblance tc men of his set, but now the picture, though over- drawn, came home. Muller had a defect in one eye, his face was long and sallow, and his thin hooked nose was slightly crooked from a blow he had received in a brawl, and as he recalled many suspicions openly directed against the man, he had no doubt that Muller drew his wealth, the source of which had always been vaguely covered by the term "Commissions, from illicit traffic in gold !amalgam stolen from the mines, and of which it had been reckoned that over a million sterling had been lost to the companies. t' By the .Lord," said Dewhurst, "I'll run the rogue to earth," and, as he roused himself out of his stupor, he saw crossing the square a party of three mounted Boers escorting a mule waggon. j They were Bartman, and the two burghers who had ! visited the office the day before. He turned his back until they had passed, then mounted his horse and rode back to the mine. After a wary inspec- tion of the scattered premises, he secured the rope over the main shaft and descended. He went down well-groomed and well-dressed, but emerged after i a lengthy spell, with grime rubbed into his skin, dressed in an old suit of faded corduroys with rusty veldschoens and a big "smasher" hat, or wideawake, encircled by a strap. He carried a Mauser rifle and swung a bandolier over his shoulder. Removing the neat pig-skin saddle from his horse, he girthed on instead a wide Boer saddle with big saddle-bags. Sitting his horse like a sack of flour, and smoking a heavy, brass-mounted pipe, he made a wide turn and re-entered Johannesburg. A hard looking Boer, somewhat better dressed than his type, hailed him. It was Commandant Cronje, a pretty familiar figure in Johannesburg, and Dewhurst had need of all his grit to assume the passive, imperturbable look of a burgher. "Who are you? Where do you go? Where are you from ? " snapped out Cronje. "Good-day, Oorn," said Dewhurst, in Dutch, handing over his tabak "sack" or skin pouch of generous proportions. "I ride to join my Field Cornet."

"What Commando?" "The Kornati Commando. I was visiting my uncle Oud Jan Marais when I got the word, that is why I am so far off just now." "That's a good horse. I have seen it in town I think."

I"Ja, Ooni,- that is true. My own horse was poor 1 and I took this from a Rooinek. Well, I must be ! going, the Field-Cornet, is a quei (peppery) man. So long," and, touching the horse, he rode off, leaving the redoubtable commandant wondering where he had seen this off-hand young burgher before. He was challenged several times by burghers before he got out of the town, but the Boers were so elated at the prospect of war that they paid him little attention, and once on the veld he was for the time out of danger. , Dewhurst had spent a couple of years in the I north big game hunting, and his bush-lore now I served him well. Picking up the spoor of the ! mule waggon he followed it for two days, till he . struck the Middleburg Station on the line from I Pretoria. Here he told the same story he had I invented for Cronje's benefit, and, having ascer- tained that the three Boers had gone on by train to I Komati Poort, he demanded acconnuodation for I himself and-horse. I "Where's your money ? " asked the station- master, one of the rapacious gang of Hollanders I who prey on Britons and burghers alike. I"Pay! What! would you have a burgher pay • who is going forward to fight ? " ' "What is this noise ? " demanded an old Boer. "This skepzel," raged Dewhurst, "wishes to fill is pockets with Boer money while we fight." I "Hit him on the bead," said the old Boer, with • a glance of bitter dislike. "Right," he added as the Hollander sat down with his hand to his eye. I"What is your Commando, Neef ?" "The Komati Commando," said Dewhurst. . I"The Commandant—his name ? " ! "I know not whether it is Lucas Meyer, or de Smit." I "I am the Commandant." ' "My word!" said Dewhurst, as a cold chill ran down his backbone. "I am lucky to 'find my !Commandant. You will let me be your rider? I "My rider, and you know not the name of your Commandant!" said the old man sternly, but Dewhurst had been using his eyes, and saw the initial "G," so he answered, quickly: "It is Commandant Grobler, but I thought all along he would surely lead on the Natal side." ' 1 "What is your name ? " 1 "Piet Marais." "Y- ik likr

-ou speak like an Englander, Marais.. Your hands are small, and your eyes have not the look of a Boer. For the time 3ou will stay by me. See to it."

"Ja, Ooni," said Dewhurst, htunbly, and when the train went on he rode in the same compartment ' with the Commandant, who watched him with grave eyes. Fortunately, the old Boer was not talkative, and he had too much natural dignity to be curious, so that Dewhurst escaped a dreaded catechism. In the evening he was able to do some services for the Commandant, and in the morning he brought dowy coffee, but when at last they reached Bomati camp, the mock burgher found that he was not to get off unscathed. "I have watched you, Marais," said Grobler, lifting .a big finger. "First, you think too much. !Next, there is something on your mind. You sit • square on your seat, there are no marks on your thumb from tobacco cutting, and your teeth are white. You are tiveld burgher only in your dress. 1 How is. this ?" Dewhurst returned the old mans not unfriendly look, but for the first time he was at a loss for an answer. "So! You have no words. Well, Marais; if that is your name, for the sake of the blow you gave that greedy thieving Hollander, I will say no more, except this—be careful." "Thank you," was all Dewhurst coul a say, an the old Boer playfully tapped him on the head and seized his aria in an iron grasp. "So 1" he laughed," the arm is Boer! No wondes gm* tittle Hollander sat down so hard!" The laugh and the familiarity did Bewhurst good, for the burghers in camp, seeing him on such good terms with their Commandant, did not worry him with questions. "There is room in my tent," said one burgher, who had pushed a way through the crowd. "Have you soap? Can I wash?" asked the new maw

"I'm sure you would, White, for a eonssueration. j "What's that ? " gasped the burgher, who was a I'll give you one hundred and fifty pounds for the typical veld Boer, shaggy as a Shetland pony, and information." full of grime. "Wash—like a dirty Rooinek ? " "Give us the posh, and I'll blow." "It's a bad custom, but I learnt it over in ' "When you have given me the man's name I will , Johannesburg. There is brandy in soy sack." hand you the money." ' Little discipline was observed' in the camp, and "So you've got it about you, have you ?" with s they sat and talked about the different Field- Comets, Cornets, a subject of keen interest to Dewhurst. threatening movement. Dewhurst picked up a heavy steel chisel used in "There was a Field-Cornet who came yesterday, boring, and swung it easily. He was a strongly. Bartman his name. He had brought with him that will kill the rooineks like a plague. It is built, athletic man, and his grey eyes had a hard, stuff dangerous, this stuff, and he has taken it to Ger; steely look which overbore the cowardly rascal. Rev's place up there in the mountain, to prepare it." "I don't know the blighter's name, but he's "So! That is good. This stuff, is it light like known as ' The Boss.' I've seen him in his gas ? " kerridge, with a flower in his buttonhole and s "Light-all-de-varel, it is heavy, like lead. Bart- cigar as long as your arm in his mug., You call man, Gert Rey. Van Noordt, and a strange man, him a thief. Well, he's one of your class." alone lifted it from the train to the cart." ' "Describe him." . "Is the place near where they took it ?" ..__ . .... . .. . .. . ..

"Marais, Marais," cried a bull voice. "Someone calls you," said the burgher; an Dewhurst reluctantly returned the hail only to find, to his disgust, that he was , ordered out on picket duty-. He saddled up, and presently moved out of camp with a small party up the mountain to a "nek" crossed by a waggon road. Here they dis- mounted, and sought shelter behind detached rocks, for the wind blew cold over the narrow neck. Tio add to their discomfort a drizzling rain fell. "Mij Got I" said one man. "I would like well to be over there in Gert Bey' s place, for all ;,t has so bad a name." "Where is the place?" "There, kerel, there. See that little fire, like the glow of a man's pipe," and he pointed to a tiny glimmer, barely visible, away on the left. "Why has it a bad name?" "Well, they say a man was killed there, and that his spook cries in the krantz at the back of the house. Is that not so, Stefan ? " "Ja, Allematig ; the thing cries like a wolf so , that the blood in you turns to water. I have heard it." ' "Tell us." Stefan lit his pipe, and entered into the harrow- ing particulars, while the burghers clustered round him. Dewhurst slipped gradually into the rear, and as the interest increased, he edged off to where the horses were sheltered. Covered by the noise made by the wind, he led his horse off till it was safe for him to mount, then worked towards that little dim, flickering light ahead. The country was rough, and after groping about for a couple of hours he gave the horse a free head with success; for the intelligent animal, getting a streak of scent in the air, presently hit off a footpath which brought them out by a cattle kraal. Rounding this, Dewhurst saw a house a few yards distant, and dismounted to investigate. The wet did him a good turn in keeping the dogs indoors, and he found his way to the window undetwted. The picture disclosed within the little plain room, lit up by a couple of candles, filled him with a stern satisfaction that repaid him for the subter- fuges and humiliations of the past few days. At a small table sat four men, Bartman, the two burghers, and another, the dealer in stolen gold. Was this the man? Was this Carl Muller, the man who aspired to the hand of Miss Maynard, the plausible schemer who had ingratiated himself in the good opinion of Mr. Maynard—the fashionable lounger of Johannesburg? Was this "The Boss," the clever rogue who had, with his confederates, bled the mining Companies to the tune of a million? Dewhurst stared long and fixedly before he could recognise in the face or appearance of the fourth man the slightest resemblance to the fashionable Carl Muller, and then it was a gesture that gave him a clue. Muller had a way of spread- ing his hand from thumb to little finger when he was interested, and zitis man was doing the same. Otherwise he was a Boer like the other three, in • dress, in speech, and in a long, black beard, evidently worn in disguise. Muller sat at the top of the table, with the door on his left, and the other three facing him, while, as if by accident, he had laid his revolver before him. On the floor was e dull, yellow heap of bar gold, with one honeycombed mass taken from the retort, and on the table were many piles of sovereigns over which there was proceeding evidently a heated argument. They spoke so loudly that Dewhurst could hear every word. "You prornisea us good value," said Bartman. "Two pounds per ounce' was the price, and a good price." "Yes, good for you, but not for us." "If you want more take it to your Mint. Perhaps they will give you four pounds an ounce, perhaps they will give you nothing." "The Mint is the same as the Government." "All right. Accept two pounds from me or take It , to the Government and see what they have to say." "But the Government will give us nothing," said Van Noordt.

• "And I offer you twenty-five thousand pounds." "It should be more than that," said Bartman. "The weight is twenty thousand ounces." "Yes, my friend, but not all gold. There's my offer, and there's my money; take it or leave it." Van Isloo.rdt stood. up and began slowly counting

_ the little heaps. There were twenty-four heaps. Then he took one heap up and laboriously counted it out, knd announced the amount as one hundred pounds. "There are twenty-four heaps of one hundred," he said. "Yes," observed Muller, quietly, "twenty-four thousand pounds. Put down one hundred—so. That is one heap, now set twenty-four before the one hundred, that is twenty-four thousand pounds, the one hundred extra I throw:in for friendship." "But it seems to me," said Bartman, "there is something wrong. There are twenty-four heaps of one hundred. Is that not so? Now if I had twenty-four cattle kraals, with one hundred cows in each how, many would I have?" "We all know that Field-Cornets pick up cattle that don't belong to them," said Van Noordt. "Now, burghers all, don't quarrel. I'll tell you what I'll do. Accept the offer now and I'll throw in another fifty pounds for your wives." "Good," said Van Noordt, who was getting sleepy and wanted to finish off the business. So the three men took out their leather pouches, swept in their share of the gold, and rose to go. Dewhurst slipped back behind a stone wall facing the house and saw the burghers come out into the rain. "Better stay," said Muller. _ "We must get back to camp," growled Bartman. u Good-night. ' They stamped away, and Muller stood at the door for some time, looking after them before he returned to the room where the gold was stored. As Dewhurst rose he heard the burghers approaching, and saw that they had been to fetch their arms. As they entered the house Muller secured his revolver. "Back again ? " he said, giving them a keen look. "Changed your minds after all ? " "Carl Muller, listen to this," said Bartman. "I am here as a Field-Cornet to commandeer this gold for the Government." "But you have just sold it to me," said Muller, with an uneasy smile. "I sold it to you as a burgher. I seize it as an officer of the Government, by order of the President." "Do you really mean it ? " "We do," said the three mer

and the,

handled

their rifles significantly. "All right, take it." "First of all we will bind you," said Bartnian.

"Put down .that pistol." "A good joke," said Muller, with a laugh. "Certainly," and he held the butt of the revolver to Barthian. As the Field-Cornet reached out fox it Muller disabled him with a kick and shot at Rey, but Van Noordt firing from his hip, ended the career of "The Bbss." When Bartman had recovered and Rey's wound was doctored, the three burghers carried the gold -out to the cart where Dewhurst followed them. They made several journeys, then returned to efface all evidence of the crime that might tell against them; and while they were gone Dewhurst drew the cart to where his horse was tied up, and, unslinging his Mauser, prepared to fire. He found, however, other aid. As the burghers were bearing off the body of the dead man a jackal howled from the krantz above, and Dewhurst heard their frightened exclamations concerning the spook. Re recalled an incident connected with Governor Van Oordt, and in deep, menacing tones called Out: "Van Noordt, Van Noordt, jij es dood (you are dead) t " Dropping the body the burghers ran for the cart, not finding it where they had left it, thinking aossiblv that the horses had bolted in terror. they made off Into the clam aown the road. As they did so Dewhurst, tying his horse behind the cart, drove off in the opposite direction, and in the early , morning entered a wild ravine where he hid the , treasure. Then, continuing for some distance, he released the horses from the cart, turned them free, set it rolling over a precipice, and himself escaped ' over the mountains, finally reaching Delagoa Bay. There he wired that he had recaptured the gold and was taken again into favour. Vila Exp.]

===== 0002601_19060908_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
COMMAND EFRED GOLD.

By ERNEST GLANVILLE,

Author of "The Despatch Rider," "The Rloof Bride," The Fossicker," "Tales from the Veld," dm.

John Dewhurst WU mining manager of the famous Witpoortje gold mine of Witwatersrand, which pays fifty per cent. every year in dividends, and had an output running isto twenty thousand ounces per month.

He had a princely salary, a fine house in Jeppe's Town on the outskirts of Johannesburg, and A future that was brightened by the promise of an alliance with sreet Minnie Maynard, the only daughter of Mr. Charles Maynard, the Chairman of the Witpoortje Gold Mining Company. • •

Yet he stood at his office door looking with an air of utter dejection at the silent works which stretched before him in an untidy jumble of iron sheds, connected by lines of tramways, and flanked by huge mounds of tailings from the stamp-mills, and of white mud heaps from the cyanide vats.

The mine had closed down; the drives and cross- cuts no longer echoed to the deep rumbling made by the rock drills which were wont to batter for hours of the busy day at the hard face of the blue " banket," as the conglomerate is called; but what oppressed him more was the unnatural silence of the hundred stamp-mills which since their erection had run almost night and day, Sundays and week days, holidays and feast'-days, battering the hard rock into pulp with their sledge-hammer blows, and setting up a noise that was like the roar of a heavy surf. He walked into the deserted mill-house and looked at the long row of gleaming rods, each with its foot of hard steel, at the still rockers, and the long rows of frue-vanners, which, when set going by the great shaft, would quiver and shake all ways at once, agitating the fine, flour-like particles of gold till out of weariness they would sink into the grooves to be afterwards gathered and retorted. 'Already it seemed to him the vast and valuable machinery had visibly deteriorated, although the works had only been silent for two days, and he turned away with a sigh to walk among the great grey cyanide vats, up to the tr..:l tower above the main shaft, and back to his office.

In one week his hopes had been dashed to the ground. People had been stampeding from Johannesburg for quite two months previously under the fear of the outbreak of war; but he had laughed at their fears and had made light of the warnings of the Board of Directors. He had even gene so far as to disregard the positive orders of Mr. Maynard, the Chairman, to send away the gold already secured without waiting for the end of the month. Now war was at hand, and caught him unprepared. His fine house, with its costly new furniture got out at great expense, and lovingly arranged by him with thoughts of the young . mis- tress, was at the mercy of the swarms of white rascals and drunken natives who infested the place; but beyond all danger to his own property was the bit- ter thought that \his blind optimism had risked the property of the company. In bars and in the retorts were fifty thousand pounds' worth of gold, and he could not, for the life of him, tell how he was to clear it.

That question was soon settled for him. Three men, armed and mounted, suddenly reined up at his door. They were typical burghers, big, powerful men, roughly dressed, with shaggy beards, and faces tanned by exposure and the smoke from camp fires.

"You are the manager?" said the leader in English.

"Yes."

"You have gold here?" "There is, I hope, plenty of gold in the rock underneath."

"Take care, Englander. If you value your skin, answer quick and straight." Dewhurst flushed„up, and his square jaw took on a look of grim obstinacy. "Who are you? What authority have you to ask such a question ? "

The Boer drew out a document. "Read," he said, and thrust it into Dewhurat's hands. It was an order, signed by President Kruger himself, empowering Field Cornet Bartman to commandeer all gold on the premises of the Witpoortje Mine.

"Commandeer What is commandeer ? " "To take what is wanted for the Use of the Republic." "That is robbery, calhit what you like."

Field Cornet Baitman shifted his rifle till it pointed at the manager's breast. "I have authority to shoot all who resist."

"Resist I How can unarmed men resist ? If we had rifles we would know how to answer robbers." "Why do we talk?" said one of the other Boers in Dutch. "Shoot the rooinek."

"Hold still, Van Noordt. Hark, you Englander," said Bartman. "Use your tongue well, give us no trouble, and we will not harm you. Where is the gold?" "I won't tell you!" "So Is that your last word ? " "It is 1," said Dewhurst, savagely.

The . three Boers swung to the ground and advanced. Dewhurst struck out and knocked Van Noordt off his feet, but the two others overbore him, and when he was down Van Noordt kicked him heavily about the body. They took the keys of his safe from him, bound him, and left him battered and bleeding, while they opened the strong- room. Then they went to the door and shouted. A man came up, in whom Dewhurst recognised an old hand, discharged for stealing amalgam, a man named White, who went off to where the retorts were, with the Field Cornet. They were some time away, and when they returned they sat in the office over a bottle of whisky they found there, and talked together in Dutch. They were in the highebt spirits at the success of their raid, in greater spiritb than the mission seemed to warrant ;and Dewhurst, who understood enough of the "taal " to follow their conversation, caught an expression which awakened him out of his stupor of despair.,

"We will meet him at Komati," said Bartman, "and he will pay us two pounds the ounce." "In gold?" "Ja, in gold; and when he has paid us the price we will • commandeer' the bar gold which we have already sold him, so the Government will benefit, and the Outlanders will pay." ' "Allematig, Bartman, you are a slim (cunning) karel."

"It is a good plan this, oh?" "Ta, ja. We get our share, Government gets its own, and the Verdoinfle skepzel pays. He would give us two pounds an ounce, the rascal, when the real price is three pounds fifteen shillings. It is well that he should lose all." The burghers laughed, smacking their thighs, and presently left, taking the bullion away in a cart, and leaving Dewhurst on the floor bound. What a scheme was this he had heard I The commandeered gold was to be sold to some man at Komati, probably a rascally trafficker in stolen 'amalgam, and when the burghers had pocketed the receipts, some forty thousand pounds, they meant to recover the bullion from the paymaster and restore it to the Government, themselves keeping what they had been paid.

"Well, you dog, how do you like it?" White, the discharged servant, stood at the door. "I don't like it," said Dewhurst, quietly. "Oh, you don't, you swab. You did the grand over them as earns their living by the sweat of their brow, now look' at yourself. You're there, and I'm here:" White prowled about the room and came back growling at the greed of "those blooming Dutchies."

"I say you, what will you give me if I tell you where those Boers have gone to ? "

"Nothing."

"Perhaps you think you know. All right, smarty. Stay where you are." He slouched out and remained away for an hour, when he poked his head in. "Enjoying yourself ? "he asked. "Now, look hers, Dewliurst. You can't do any good lying there. What will you give me if I set you loose? Make it a hundred. Come, now, Dewhurst, don't be hard on a poor chap now. Make it a hundred." "I'll make it a hundred," said Dewhurst ; and White cut the rope. The manager staggered to his feet, washed the blood from his face, and carefully removed every speck of dust frolu his clothing. 'Going to a wedding, or may L,s a supper-party, eb ?",sneered White. "Loot nere, my man. want you to tell me the acme of the thief who buys stolen amalgam." "You're a cool one, and m»uistake. D'ye think I'd split on a pal, suppose, that is, 1 knew hia name "

===== 0002601_19060908_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS, noy CURED _-- Aopointment of a Resident Medical U Officer. OF RINGIORM

FAREWELL VISIT OF MR. JENNER FUST. A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday under the presi- dency of Mr. J. Bißinge. There were also present : Mrs. Clay, Mrs. Wilkinson, Miss Broadbent, the Rev. T. R. Matthews, Messrs. W. Hickman, A. J. Jolley, G. Thompson, T. H. Ashcroft, R. Bolton, S. Davies, G. Mather, J. Cook, W. C. Brooks, J. W. Knowles, M. W. Seton Houghton, J. Payton, T. Ritchie, J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), and A. Wright (superintendent of Padgate schools): .

Mr. :Termer Fust, the retiring Local Government Board Inspector for the North-Western Poor Law Dis- trict, attended to bid farewell to the Board.

_ THE COTTAGE HOMES. The Cottage Homes Committee recommended that a gratuity of £2 be allowed to Miss Bennett in recognition of her special servioes during the recent occurrence of scabies in the homes. It was also decided that the tender of Mr. Critchley for the supply of 250 yards of cloth at 4s. id. per yard be accepted. A report on recognised homes for Roman Catholic children was submitted by the Chairman (Mr. Mather) and Mrs. Clay. After conversa- tion on the matter, it was agreed to further consider the subject on the Ist October, the Chairman promising to obtain some additional information.

Mr. MATHER moved the adoption of the minutes and said that owing to one of the officials leaving, Miss Bennett had to do double duty. With regard to homes for Roman Catholic children, it had been stated that there were vacancies in the Culcheth homes and the com- mittee thought it would be as well to make inquiries there. MTS. CLAY seconded.

Mr. AsHcRoFT believed that it was a waste of time for the deputation to visit any homes as there was plenty of room at Padgate. The only fault was that children who bad no right to be in the homes were sometimes kept there. The minutes were approved. 111/IVir AUDITOR. • .'The CLERK notified the appointment of Mr. Ernest William Hicks as district auditor fn.-place of Mr. Jordison who has been transferred to the South East Lancashire district. Mr. Hicks would be about the fifteenth auditor he (Mr. Sutton) had met during his term of office.

INCREASE OF SALARY. Mr. Frank H. ACKLAND wrote applying for an increase of his salary as relieving officer of No. 3 district. It was stated that Mr. Aukiand's present salary was £125 but certain fees brought it to £133. Mr. KNOWLES thought that as Mr. Aukland had served them well for fourteen years he was entitled to a salary of £l5O and he moved that that amount be paid to him. Mr. JOLLEY seconded and a letter from Mr. Brooks (chairman of the No. 3 Relief district) strongly recom- mending an increase and highly enlogising Mr. Aukland's work having bean read, the advance to £l5O was unanimously agreed to. MR. JENNER Fusrs INSPECTION. "EVERYTHING IN EXCELLENT ORDER." Mr. JEER FEST said he inspected the Workhouse on the 29th August and found everything in excellent order. There had been a certain amount of pressure on the space at their disposal, but by utilizing some wards in the old Infirmary which lent themselves to the pur- pose tolerably well, they had been able to deal with it. He was glad that in utilizing those wards, the Board had not forgotten the need of escape in case of fire and bad provided very satisfactorily for that. He had on several occasions brought before them what seemed to him to be the need of further means of esca e in other parts of the Workhouse. They had not quite taken the same view and he had no wish to keep hammering on at the same subjeot,but it was his duty to remind them that there were wards from which no second really practicable exit existed and that the responsibility for this must rest upon their shoulders and not upon his. He never went through the Warrington Workhouse without find- ing that improvements had taken place in various directions and his present visit afforded 'so exceptionto that general rule. Mr. Jenner Fust• expressed his approval of the re-painting of the house, the arrange- ments for the provision of a padded room, and the improvements made in the laundry. The provision for boys who were at the Workhouse before they went to Padgate left something to be desired, because there was no means of separating them satisfactorily from the other inmates. He was sure the Guardians would agree that it was extremely undesirable for boys to be mixed up with grown-up men even if it were only for a few days. He also found some girls being retained at the House on account of the want of room at Padgate. If they could keep down the numbers at Padgate, well and good ; but if they could not it might be worth theirwhile to consider whether it would not answer their purpose better to board out their children at cottage homes in preference to enlarging the buildings at Padgate. Mr. Jenner Fust bade fare- well to the Board and expressed his pleasure that the relations between the members and himself had been of such a harmonious character. After thanking the Guardians sincerely for their courtesy and consideration he voiced his acknowledgments to the able and experi- enced clerk of the Board,-who,if he forgot anything,had probably forgotten more Poor Law than he (Mr. Jenner Post ever knew—(Laughter)—and to the other officers of the Union.

Mr. S. DAVIES, who was a member of the Board when Mr. Jenner-Fust was appointed, and Mr. W. Houghton, who had the privilege of first introducing Mr. Jenner Fust to the Board, both expressed regret at his departure and wished him a long and happy retirement. The CHAIRMAN moved :—" That this Board learns with regret of the retirement of H. Jenner-Fust, Esq., and desires to place on record its high appreciation of the services rendered by him as General Inspector of the Local Government Board, and wishes him happiness and health to enjoy the leisure ho has so honourably deserved, trusting also that the nation will not entirely lose the benefit of his wide knowledge and ripe experi- ence as an administrator of the Poor Law." Mr. KNOWLES seconded. The CLERK supported on behalf of the officials, and said he remembered the first gentleman who visited the Board in the same position as Mr. Jenner Fust. but not as inspector, as in those days they were known as Poor Law Commissioners. The resolution was heartily passed, and Mr. J ENNER- FUST responded. RESIDENT MEDICAL OFFICER APPOINTED. Out of six applications received for the appointment of resident medical officer, the Special Committee appointed to consider the subject had selected the fol- lowing four to appear before the Board :—Dr.Alexander Allan, Glenalmond, Perthshire, N. 8.; Dr. John William Dale, Bunslet, Leeds ; Dr. Thomas Ed. Flitcroft, Cowpen, R. 5.0., Northumberland; Dr. John Michael Murphy, Burnley-ruad, Accrington.--Dr. Allen did not attend but the other three applicants were present. Mr. ASHCROFT : Is it a fact that these three gentle- men were intervieved last night? The CHAIRMAN said•the Special Committee met the selected applicants on Tuesday evening as they thought such a course would assist the Board. Mr. Aslicnorr thought the committee were wrong in interviewing the candidates. They should have left that to the Board. The CHAIRMAN said the candidates were conducted over the Infirmary and the work was fully explained to them. After each applicant had been interviewed Mr. Knowles moved the appointment of Dr. Flitcroft and Mr. Jolley moved the appointment of Dr. Murphy. A vote resulted in the seclection of Dr. Flitcroft by El votes to 6.

The appointment was then unanimously confirmed. In thanking the Board Dr. FLITCROFT assured them that he would do his best for the institution and the inmates.

Doctor Attended Him for Several

Weeks without any Benefit Friends Surprised at Result of Cure, and Mother

===== 0002601_19060908_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
MARTYR AND VICTOR.

How a Woman Suffered for Years from Constipation, Headache, Wind and Stomach Tortures.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
AND HOW MOTHER SEIGEL'S SYRUP FREED HER OF HER MISERIES.

Constipation is one of the' most Common and most dangerous of ailments. It loads your system with impurities, which accumlate till your health gives way. Headache, pain, wind, biliousness follow, sometimes piles or kidney trouble, and thus you become liable to deadly diseases. Mother Seigel's Syrup prevents all this. It tones and stimulates your bowels to healthy action, enables your stomach to digest your food, cleanses your liver, and drives impurities from your system. This is how it cured Mrs. Sarah Howells, of Groesfrodd, Gelliwen, St. Clears, Carmarthenshire, as she tells in a statement dated Jan. 12, 1906.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WEAK AND NUN DOWN.

" I had been a sufferer for years from indigestion when I began taking Mother Seigel 's Syrup. I had always a bad taste in my mouth in the mornings and a thickly coated tongue. My appetite was poor, and my food always caused nie great pain at the stomach. I suffered terribly from headache and wind, and felt weak and run down. I was a martyr to constipation' and I think this was at the root of all my trouble. Nothing I took did me any good, until I got some Mother Seigel's Syrup. Then came relief. This wonderful medicine regulated my bowels, and soon all the other troubles went too, and I was as well as ever."

Mother Seigels' Syrup is an absolute specific for indigestion, constipation, wind, headache, palpitation, biliousness and every other form of stomach disorder.

The 2/6 Bottle contains Three times as much as the size

===== 0002601_19060908_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
STRONGLY RECOMMENDS CUTICURA REMEDIES

"I am pleased to give you the par- ticulars respecting the case of my son Cyril. Four years ago, he came home from school with ringworm. At once we had the family doctor who attended him for several weeks without any benefit, and told me he feared his head would have to be shaved. Seeing your ' advertisement I got one tablet of Cuticura Soap and one box of Cuticura Ointment. Our friends, of course, were surprised at the result. He was quite cured, his hair began to grow at once, and in two months he had a lovely head of hair, and has it now. I strongly recommend Cuticura Remedies in all cases of ringworm. You are quite at liberty to use my experience for the benefit of others. Mrs. L. Huntley, 17 Fairthorn Road, Westcombe Park, Charlton, S. E., Apr. 5, 1906."

===== 0002601_19060908_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
WORLD'S FAVOURITE

For Skin, Scalp, Hair, and Hands is Cuticura.

For preserving, purifying, and beau- tifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings, and cbafings, for annoying irritations and ulcerative weaknegses, and many sanative, antiseptic purposes which read- ily suggest themselves to mothers;as well as for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery, Cuticura Soap and Cuti- cura Ointment, the great Skin Cure, are priceless. No other remedies so pure, so sweet, so economical, and so speedily effective. They are the World's Fa- vourites.

Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour of Infants, Children, and Adult. consist. of Cut mire. Soap (Is.) to cleanse the clan, Cut Scum Ointment (IL 6d.) to heal the chin, and Cutieura Pills (Chocolate Coated, Is. lid. per vial of 60) to purity the blood. A Single bet often tures. Sold throughout the world. Depots London, Newbery. 27 Charterhouse Sq.; Paris, Robert., 5 Rue de Is Palo; Potter lirogx Chem. Corp., Sole Props. WMailed Free, "A Book for Mothers."

EYES TESTED FREE.

APPROVED METHOD.

~ F.S.M.C., 8.0. A. /ERATR PRICES FOR sPEcricLice. EYEGLASSES PERFECT FIT. ARCHER & SONS, Specialists, 73, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE 5615. ESTABLISHED 1848.

THE misr FAMILY MEDICINE. K"B'S WORDS ILL PILLS ABE A CERTAIN CURE for Indigestion, Biliousness, Headaohe Dyspepsia. Constipation. Liver end Kidney Complaints, do For Lades of all ages they are Invaluable. Of all Oheoclets, le. lid., Es. 9d., and 4s. 84. per boa, OP poet free on receipt of stamps to Depot, 13, et. George meet, Norwich.

Sample free box will be sent on receiving name, addreso. and Id. stamp (to cover return postage). Mention paper. Dept. 13, RT. GEORGIC STREW, NORWICH.'

SOLI) EVERYWILBRIS at Is. ltd., 25., 9d., 48.661., and Ha ObrLdo LUNG TONIC, WORLD'S CORE BOA 0017G1181 COLDS, BRONCHITIS ASHTSIA. tto.

C

19 IS

THS

1 " ASK YOUR TOBACCONIST FOR 4i LUNTIN 99

MIXTUFZE Blend of the Finest Tobaccos cd. per oz., 1/- per 2-oz. Packet. & PORTEOUS, Edinburgh.,

TOOTH-ACHE

OURIID INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S PrevlteselDleecsasyi4riSgahvtesspErgancttio.n, NEURALGIA HEADACHES NERVIiE and all NERVE RAINS removed by B U N T E RS NERVINE. All Chemists, IL Id. .As a spec:flu fllt TooZhache It has no equal, I have used 5T successfully for year."—raov, W, Wnaos, df,D.

Y THE MOST F. H. ARCHER MOST MOD •ND

===== 0002601_19060908_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i ' f- '

4111 S

===== 0002601_19060908_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
""°l;lv'j

ee

las

CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC BELIEVIHG ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham

CIA 841 PILL are warranted to oure,in either sex, allaequired for constitutional discharges from the VineryOrgans, Gravel and Pains in the bacc Pree from IdetTury. Established onwards of 30 years. In boxes 41. 61. each. of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the matters. The Lin (loin and folidhunt Counties Drug Company, Lino°ln. Advt.

-- -- To MOTHERll.—rdra. Wirrstow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their childran while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer Immediately. It Is pleasant to taste ; and produoes natuarl.quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "a, bright as a button" Of all Chemists Is. lid. per bottle.—Advt.

JOHN WALKER AND 00 SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS. ORDER SHEETS. ORDER BOOKS. PAMPHLETS. POSTERS. PRICE LISTS.

'-i

• FeAys Niacc. .• COCKROACHES PltirAlT 11011.5(5 WAPLWOUSES CAriS.BAKER/E 5 , SH/P5 if tegularly allenderl for Inc clearance or Those cbseaso 3nreaclin9 peoen NO INCONVENIENCE wkommut sr OUR METHODS. CONTRACTS TANEN OR PREPARATIONS SuPKIED. fRIX Z E 1A..0 lirmtlin SPEC/AL/5 TS . 13'1' SEEL S:TREET . LivEßPoot_ • '• AND AT Mrk,,,,ESTL. ' •

===== 0002601_19060908_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, . - _

===== 0002601_19060908_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Cht Oramintr &tiles

OF WERE-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES : litlE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER. J. published every Friday afternoon. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh Winwick, Padgate, Lymm. &C., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. THE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the besb and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. ITHE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Friday 1_ afternoon. Widnes contains the lergest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. THE EARLESTOW N AND NEWTON EXAMINER. _l_ published every Friday afternoon. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lawton, ffic. The district thus comprised is. most Important part of the Lancashire coal- fields.

THR ST. }MAINS EXAMINER, publisned every Friday afternoon, circnlating in St. Helens, Pregeot, Parr. Sutton, Peasley Cross. Sec.—the centre of the Glass, Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD.

-- _ .6.11T1CL133 LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 13 ... Os. Bd. ... Is. 3d. ... 2a. ed. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. ed. 36 ... la. ed. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... es. Cd. 45 ... Th. bd. ... 3s. Id. ... 5., Od. ... 7s. Od. 54 ... Is. 6d. ... 31. 9d. ... Sa. Od. ... 10s. ed.

PiTBEIT rights given away, good penny line. sample. particulars 2 stamps. 108, Bern RD. Bristol.

Bumis ; first quality ; lowest prices ; catalogue free.— Now/J. Havelock Villas, Park rd , Merton.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Elomegtit Otrbants, dr.

AITANTIID GIINERAL.— li Apply GLEIMoBE.Ctton Drive Anadell, Lytham.

MrANTIII.) SFRONG GIRL Owth references) for house- work.-232. GRE.a.34I: sr., Moss side. Manchester.

WANTPD.-131INVRAL for every espacity ; £lO to £3O —Apply lire. BOND. 5, Lacey St.. Widnes. Ladles suit. 4.

GBNENAL SERVANT WANTED, over 18 ; small family; plain cooking —LEEFE, Rosendale,Ellison 141—Streatham.

lI[TARTHD GIRL aboot 16. for Farm bouse.—Applv, Mrs V PICICERVANCF, Manor Farm. Tarleton. near Preston.

WA.NTHD Rood MINIMAL 'immediately, waah. plain molt, £ls.—MoonE, IBrownlow Villa, Horwich near Bo:ton.

WANTED SARVANT ; Small family ; good home; village,—Mrs. L., ,nunnybank. Birch, Heywood near :Igancbeeter.

N‘f ANTBD COOK-GENBRAL imill family.- Apply HOLL/NGDRAICE. 79, Wellington rd.. Heaton Chapel, Stockport.

WANTED, an experienced HOUSWSIAID, between 30 and 35 years of age.—Apply IVYHIJREIT, Algburth, Liverpool.

SBRVANIS changing situations can have eornfortable Lodgings from 2e. 6d. weekly. —174, UPPER HUSRISSoN WT.. Liverpool.

WAATILD. General SIERVANT age about 20.—Apply at once Mrs. BOWMAN. Clithans, Fairfield rd., Latchford Without, Warrington.

WANTBD good COOK-GSSIBRAL, £22; housemaid- -waitress, £lB. Small family. easy situation —2B, DIME ST • Bolton.

ANTRA, thoroughly good plain COOK, middle of Sept.mber ; small fantilly.—Mrs. RaSCHEI, The Bighlande. Runcorn.

AVAN'tED. strong young GRNEHAL ; able to wash; references.—LroYn's ABMS, Higher Ormond at., All Sainte', Mancbeater.

WANTED, strong active GIiNERAL ; early riser; good references indispensable.—Apply VS RAY, Sesfield, Blundelisands, Liverpool.

TEE COUNTY RBGISTELY.—If YOU require a really good 1. Situation, write at once to the COUNTY REG IBTRY, 1, Victoria Buildings, Manchester.

WANTED superior GENBRAL, at: once, for lady and two children, age 9-11 ; comfortable borne; good wages.— Addreme Z. Ceussir an., Birkdale.

VVAFITED, nice Girl as GlailiFlAL ; about 18, used to cbildren ; comfortable home.-51rs. Mann, 15,0swald rd., Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester.

WANTED Young HOUSEMAID WAITEBSS,some exper- ience family 3.—Mrs. WILSo.N. Huntroyde, 1, Clayton Avenns, Didsbury, Manchester. ANTED he•ltloy respectable GIRL, 14 to 15 ; good VT comfortable home; three weeks' holiday in summer. Mrs. 6ouow. 127. Tottington rd.. Bury.

4.2TOICIICROITT AGERGY. Cooks. Cook-generals. Hous- e-10 maids and all classes or good Servants required immed— lately.-65, GREEN LANE, Liverpool B.

WANTBD MINIMAL, plain cooking; three in family ; goo reference required.—Address. stating age and "gem. tdrs. PHILLIPS, 10. Ifithergtte, Preston.

WANTED Respectable GIRL for firm house. able to milk preferred, good wages given to suitable party.— apply W. and D. MILLER, Littlewuod Hall, Croston, near Prestcn,

WANTED at once. Good General SERVANT—age about 20, Plain Cooking—able to wash : wages £l6 to £lB, reference must be good.—Apply T. A. 'TRAM. 115 Lord it., Southport,

Af RS. READ wants superior COORS, Housemaid- waitresses. Idtchenmalds. cook-generals and superior; generals.—ELEcr EramsTßY, Embalm°, Manchester. Betato 28 years.

WANTHP, good GHNERAL SHUNANT ; age about 20. no children; must have good references ; comfortable home; good wage.—Apply, Mrs. BELL, 23, Neville rd., Waterloo, Liverpool.

CIOACHMAN WANTS SITUATION experienced : single or pair : married : aged 32 ; good references. 124, ASHTON RD.. Oldham.

WANTBD, experienced COOK-0113NBRALI (not under 23); family three ; houtie-parlourmaid kept ; comfort- able home for quiet, respectable mala.-31re. TITXFORD. Glasfryn, Conway.

NIV ANTED. experienced NURSE to take charge of boy (4 years) and baby (9 months) ; wages £2O; good needlewoman , Protestant. —Write, Mrs COLLIER, St. Peter's Vicarage, Birkdale, Southport.

WANTED, COOK-GENHRAL and young Housemida ; lady removing at once to Rusholme. near Manchester requires two maids as above.—Apply, 32rs. CouLnaatt, Orem Mount, Whitefield, Manchester.

Anis. pußsiON, Progressive Servants' Agency, 44, CIMILES ST., Blackpool. Ths oldest established in Blackpool. Wants Servants with references, for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses ; good wages; enclose stamp. Tele, 0637

WANTBD, Withington, September 15th ; superior Girl, as GIMBiLAL, £l3 ; or Lvly would train young Girl; commence £l2 ; comfortable home ; nurse-housemaid kept. good training, outings. consideration.—Present address ATIMrsoN, 25, Rocirmount rd., Upper Norwood, London.

BLOCK LIGHT MANTLBS.—Genuine XX 300 C.P. 10s. 9d.dozen ; cheaper make, 79. 91. dozen ; burners only 2a. eacb.--FRANK BDGE, Hlgboury Hill. London.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortabie APARTAtIiNTS,2B.per night, two person joining; plano.—Mrs. W. T. WETREa 21, Lytham rd., near Manchester Hotel.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Eo be /It.

PENKETH.—GOOD HOUSES WITH GARDENS, 3s. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. IVY LODGE,FROCIHALL LANE. mimed rent. 55, WASH LANE, rent £l4 per year. MILL STREET. OF FI CE3,grotind floor. Also upper rooms. BAKEHOUSE, centrally situated, rent 4s. WORKROOMS near Bridge street, rent ss. per week. 33, HOWLEY LANE, rent ss. per week. 15, MILL LANE. rent 6s, per week. F., SCHOOL BROW, rent 3s. 9d. per week. BANK STREET, I Stall StAble with good Yard and Cart Shed. Apply ROBERT Lows, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War- rington. Telephone—No 66. T°

LET 17, FOLLY LANIC.—Apply WOODS a SON Solicitors. Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

fro LET, good 110U814 in Derby-street, rent 4s. Bd. will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS Sort, Solicitors, IA 910 LET GOOD HODS% Parker street. rent 355. month .1 • clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS & SON, Solicitors, Warrington.

_ rarringtott,_

MO BR LI& C. House, St. Mary's it.. containing 2 sitting- rooms, kitchen, scullery, 3 bedrooms, bathroom, &e.— Apt,l7 J. LITNT. Bridge foot, Werrtngton.

rf,o BB LBT, old-established Pork Butcher's Shop with House, principal street ; one of the best st inds in town. —Apply J. SUDLOW. 65, Buttermarket st., Warrington.

TO LET OR SIsLL cheap, 180, 182, Padgate lane ; four beds, bath, h. and e.,C. Decorated, Reduced Rent Bs.—Key at 186,0 r AsKTON's Worms, Carlisle at., Coekbedge, Warrington.

BBLIKONT. Latchtord.—House c9ntaining three sitting rooms, &c.. VC bedrooms, bath, cellars, garden. green- house; rent £35 per anunm.—Apply J. LUST. Bridge-foot Warrington.

_ HOUSB TO LET at Rocksavage, near Runcorn ; two large bedrooms, parlour, kitchan, scullery; suit wirAlw or couple without family ; rent 33. 6d. clear.—Apply Miss HATER, Pronsham.

TO BE LBT Superior HOUSE, No. 9, Werty lane, L3tch- -1 ford, containing two entertaining rooms, kitchen, three bedrooms, bathroom, hot and cold • rent £l7,—Apply ALBERT WRIGHT. 4, Enville it., Latchford.

7110 Blt LBT (or sold) pair of superior semi-detached 7illas 1. Lower Walton. five bedrooms, two entertaining rooms. good garden, .to., Exceptional situation, ten minutes from tram.—Apply. GIRLA3D, 51, Bridge at., Warrington.

DWELLING-HOUSH.—TO BE LET, with Immediate possession, the commodious Dwelling-house, No. 21, Stanley at., containing these entertaining rooms, kitchen, scullery. pantry, ten bedrooms, bathroom, lavatory, we., arge garden.

Dw ELLING-KOUSE.—T 0 LET, with immediate possession. No. 19, Stanley it., containing two enter- taining rooms, kitchen, scullery and pantry ; fire bedrooms bathroom ;outside washhouse rEnt £25 ; there Is an access to both houses from St. Austin's lane.—Apply J. and W. Durron, Sankey it., Warrington.

CHINA 1111111Kirr SECONDS.—Cheap Bowls,Plates,Crips, Saucers, Jugs, &c , ail In gold decorations, Is. Id. per dozen, in 20, 60. 120 dozen lots. Shop beginner's market large bulk crates, containing dinner, tea, toilet, general assorted crockery, great variety. £6 6s. with free teaset ; hawkers large cheap orate containing about 1,000 articles, 425; 6d. Write for tree lists. ,cheapest in the trade. —ARTHUR J, HULL, Normacot Works, Norinacot rd.. Longton, Staffs.

DOUGLAS.—Bed and breakfast 2.. 6d.; full board 4s. 6d.; beds two persons 2..—Mrs. QUAYLE, 27, Peel rd.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

kNAMMEg

===== 0002601_19060908_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19060908_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1%00

===== 0002601_19060908_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
*?ouses anb lanb on Oak.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
liataillantono, on eate, cu.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
A UTOMOTO COOPS.—PARICEB, M 036 House, Baguley, CI. Altrincham.

JJBNB, a new Gl-as-mantle.—Sarople dozen. poet, free, 23.6 d. —SBA-axes, Market Hall, Harrogate.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
SECHRTS.—How to escape from Handcuffs, Cages. ac., 6d. —VULCAN. 13, Sutherland rd., Edmonton. I RSECT POWDER in penny tins nicely carded, ss. 9d. per 1 gross. —BEECHER, Heaton st., Gainsboro'.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBLY-RBSCUE from Burning Building. Send fd. stamp. 1...7 —Peariv, 68. St Ann's rd.. Totteabam.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
A r IXED STAMPS, 1.000 3d 100.0(0 55., 1,000,000, £2- 1.11. SANTOS Co., 35. Alwyne Villas, London, N.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR MEDALS. A quantity for Bale, cheap.—Partieulara from TOM SATTEHTHWAITE, Bury, Lancs.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
TV.IMORO'S Musical Sketches at Piano, Concerts, At Home,' Ste.—FRED WIL9HIRE, HA nharn, Bristol.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
'RONEY, Bd. lb , 281 b ISs. ; screw-top bottles or sections, Bs. doz. —Pancaesp, Wain-along rd., Salisbury. GIVICN AWAY An 8 guinea Organ; or, do you want a Piano ?-13uaros & Co., 13 Listria Park,London, N.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
A RTISTIC Billheads; 100. le. 3cl. .Ik.J ,roo;s%.6(l.—NgwToN.Cax ton Works,Hoy-tand, Nrether

===== 0002601_19060908_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
BCOMIS INDHPIMDENT.—Assorted Sample, 36 nenny goods, li. cam N Sandford rd., Bradford'.

BOOT DNALERS, write for Price List, 1,000 varieties— " Hot.mks " Warehouse, 31, Newarket it. Leicester.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
50 PICTORIAL POSTCARDS, guaranteed all different for le.—" PICTORIALS." 113, Dover rd., Blackheath S.H.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
QCOTCH PIG POWDER: none better ; try a picket ; 1.3 post free.--SIALLocs, Agricultural Chemist, Henleyin- Arden. PICTORIAL postcards, 25 band-coloured actresses 15. JENNINGS, 28, Ilminster Gardens, Clapham Junction, London.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
PlO, URB POSTCARDS.—Aetresses. Birthisp, Comte, Bre.. 4s. 6d. gross ; assorted. -MILLER, 39, Seething lane, 8.0.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
BLANKISTS Supplied. Factory Prices; carriage paid. Charity Bales, speciality.—DlßECT BLANKET SUPPLY _

Co., Witnei.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
WATCH GLASSISa (30 gross).—Watches, rings; com— plete stock ; bargains.—LEwte, 85 Dimpsey st,, Stepney, Load, n.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
D BVERSIONS.—Very best price obtaine for absolute and XL contingent reversions —Write H. HILL, 87, Finsbury Pavement, B.C.

IPOR SALB.—Lady's VIOLIN. Reg. Strad. Cretnonensis 1: also an old Violin. Reg. 1716.—Apply ,7oltm DICKINSON 106, Nelson Bt., Bolton.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
VV°NI:Mtn/L.—A sound, selected Gas Mantle. The ARCO, to sell at 2d. ; sellers, write for samples.— LEACH, SONA & Co., Chorley.

A SIX-SHILLING NOVEL,2S selected high-class Pictorial ..C1 Post-cards, and a handsome Post-card Album, 3s. post free.— BOUTCHER, Topsham. TTIMMANARBABLR CHILDREN. Advice given. Homes and Qchools recommended.—Twrch, 25, Littleton et., Wandsworth, London. (Stamp.)

===== 0002601_19060908_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
A s'l ROLOGY. —Character, Finance, Marriage. two years _Pi future added ; send birth date, Is. P.C.—Prof. GOULD, 27, Windsor rd., Newp3rt (Aion.)

A NTIQUB BURBAU, China Cabinet, and a handsome .Cl.. Grandfather's Clock etc- —2s Yorat Sr., Great Ciowes st., Lower Broughton, Manchester. GLAZING LINEN.—Send for sample of Marble Glaze, unequalled for glazing linen; poet free 4d. —S. ARGENT, Colham Bridge, If iewslev. Midd'esex.

BARGAlN.—ttandine Gold Scarf-pin. Send po. 6d.; don't delay • every seventh receives handsome p-ize. RANDLNE (10..1 ineen it.. Port TR lbot.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
ARMY RAZOR STROPS. ls. each; wider Is 6d. magic sharpeners satisfaction guaranteed —Maker. SINGLE,; Young's Corner. Hammersmith, London W.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
WHIsiiIES from 2s. 3d , Ports from Is. 3d. Single bottles sent. Send for list.—Clarrox Baps, Wine Merchants, Church Gresley, Burton-on-Trent.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
TO LADIES ONLY.—btriking eyes. Sparklet Eye Salve will do it. A perfect eye beautifier. Box and instruc- tion', le. 6d.—Addrees LENA C/TELLA, Ammanford.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
A IiTIFICIAL TESTI-I.—Are yours loose au3 nue =fort- -1-1 able ? It so, Suetionite will tighten them ; post free. Is. W.—STEVEN% 3 Chasefield rd.. Tooting. London.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
WELSH FLANNELS for Shirtings, Blouses, Underwear for Winter, noted for purity and hard wear from WILLIAMS & Sox, Woollen Manufacturers, Brecon.

DLACKPOOL-APARTMENTS close to see and stations One shilling each person. Board 4s.—Mrs. PALMER 93. Albert rd.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
TA.OII cheap and good Guns, repairs speciality, barrels JL` rebrowned 4s. 61. per pair. send to G. BAYLISS, from J. and W. Tolley Ltd.. 110 Bolsize rd., London, 3.W,

===== 0002601_19060908_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
66 UQUIPOISB " Couches, Beds and Chairs V; and 1 _LI.I guinea), adapt themselves to every rose, as supplied to The Queen. Particulars. EQUIPOISE CO , 41, Ashford.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
COsTCMIS Clothe, Tweeds, Habit Cloths, boys' and men's suiting' ; thoroughly shrunk ; direct born the ware- house ; whlesale prices ; send postcard to-day for patterns free.—HVGBES, 42, Cannon et., Manchester.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
ASTROLOGY.—Future events,marriage,partner described, family, journeys, changes. legacies, buliness, specula- tion, ruling planet, &c.—Send firth date 6 stamps, 'tramped envelope. PBOYESSOR ALve, 33, Marshall st„ Edidburgh.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
IlliOcellantatm, On Oales, rte.—

DAFFODILS, Horsefisidil. first-class euitis ; 351. per thousand, 4e. per hundred; cash with order. —Apply J. A. DEAN, Woodheys Farm, Ashton-on-Mersey,

===== 0002601_19060908_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
i/ottlo, poros, 13natlitng 05tab5.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
ABARYSTWITH.—HoteI Westminster, high class private and boarding establishment ; terms molerate and inclusive; comfort guaranteed,—t. Kt.NRICIE.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
BDALMY BOURNBMOUTH.—HOTEL DALICHIM, most up-to-date. DAINTY CUISINE. From 30s. o extras- Err.pler.

BLACKPOOL : Mrs. ELLWOOD, Grange Boarding House, Lord et., near Tals.ot Road Station and sea.—Terms from 41v., no extras, ; telephone 0656.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
PORT BRIE BIIIGH NTO BO aRDING HOUSts, Promenade, facing sea ; boating, fishing, near to baths; terms moderate.—Mrs. HABEN.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
DULL BAY HOTEL. AHLWOH.—The Switzerland of Bngland ; facing the Irish Sea ; golf, shooting, fish- ing, boating; sea baths attarhed.—G. J. MUDIL.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
DOUGLAi, I.O.M.—Clarendon Hotel, Tea, bed and breakfast. 44.—H. BEDFORD Prop. (from Leeds.)

DUBLIN.—WAVISRL72 HOTHL, Saokville at., Rest. attd. Central. Mod. Garden roof. livery comfort

VILRY.—PBRN MANN BOARDING NSTABLISHMINT 12 on sea front; smoke-room; tariff moderate —A. REYNOLDS

===== 0002601_19060908_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
1 LKLICY.—MARLBRO' HOUSH HYDRO. TO. 0172. Terms .1 from 30s. 6d. to 37s 6d. inclusive )31!lards, Tennfs.3olf.

TrILLARSKY.—SPILLANWS HOTHL, High et.; clean, 11 comfortable ; 59, per lay; every actention given ; excursions arranged; well patronised by Lancashi re people.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
apartmentsljurnishtb fgiusrslBcr.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
A PARTMNNTS at Hill Cliffe ; aitting-room and one or CI two bedrooms.—Apply Mrs. LEIGH, Hilt Cliffe, near Stockton Heath.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
A BHRYSTVVITH.—Good, comfortable APARTMENTS. a. pleasantly situated ; sea view ; terms moderate.—Mrs. HICKARDSoN, Hillside. Trefor rd.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL—Private, well-furnished APAELTBIHNTS ; sitting and one or two bedroonas.—D., 63, Sherboarne rd., North Shore.

WANTRD, strong Farm LAD, about 17. able to mllk ; to live in.—Apply, S. HOWARTH, Lane Had Farm, Heywood.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
lIIDLACKPOOL (Promenade).—Publte and. Private AP&RT- -1.) ; splendid position; tams moderate.—Mrs lioLmEa, 11, Tyldesley Terrace.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
DLACKPOOL .--Select APARTM HMS near. Central Station nnd sea. well recommended stomp for reply. WARD AND FARBROTHE R, 22, Read'e rd.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
-DLACKPOOL:—CIean homely APARTMENTS ; and pricate ; good beds and Cooking; eentral._ma. Hinsom. 28, Charnley rd.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
Yrn.Fishing ; Boating; Golfing S Garage P ; rtments.—Proprietor, CHARLES sßh roade n AgpCHARLESFONTAINE, Alverstoke, Hints. iiSge ;BAn

PORT ERIN, West View, 1.0.N1.—T0 LET FURNIS‘IED cheap for long term, FIVe beds. two sittlngrooms, sea view. Piano.—Apply Mrs. N. BROWN,

I3LACKPOOL.—APARTMIINTS near sea ; bed and attend- ance le. per night for one person—Mrs. HOLDROYD, 25. Tyldesley rd., (near Foschall Hotel.)

===== 0002601_19060908_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
111? LACKPOOL (Central).—Public and private APART- ', BaIiNTS, near amusements, station and sea.—Mrs NORTON. 16. Regent-road ,ff Church-street.

BLACKPOOL —APARTMFINTS near sea ; bed and attend- once Is. per night for one person, Mrs. BYRYS DIINFORD, 23, Tyldeeley rd. (near Foxhall Hotel).

DREMIUM BONDS.—Sare as Consuls, offering premiums ot £24,0,:0 Sm. ; pamphlet with prices (cash or instal- ments) free.—MlTW St Co, Woodhouse, Sheffield.

CARETAKER WANTED for Wycliffe Church, Beweey- street Application. stating age, experience, Ac., to be forwarded promptly to 62. Pencama LANE, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
D LACKFOOL.-30, Pleasant at.. North Shore, Public and Private APARTHRNTS ; four minutes from Talbot Road Station; two minutes from sea.—Mrs. WOOD, and Mile FISHER from Dewsbury.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
00/51VOY, Llanon, Aberyswitb.--Comfortthle APART- MOTS ; 2 or 3 bedrooms and Bitting room, near lea,— EVAMI.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
DERHYSHlRE.—Conafortable APAR C3IHNTS ; terms moderate; nicely situated.—Mrs. EAST, Barley Dale, near Matlock.

TAHLAMEItiIi FORkST.—Bed and Sitting roome, bath; highly situated ; healthy.—Mrs. A. Brats, Nodes,. Frodsham.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Apartments furnisigb 31/ouoto, Szr.

I orst 5, Bog% Etin stork 3cr.

STYLISH Paririan Pliton, capital condition, suit lady, cheap £IB.—DAKIN, Grappeahall, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
DOLIULAS.-7, Stanley terrace. Broadway.—APAßT- DilliNTS with or without board; comfortable, homely ; near shore; piano; terms moderai llsscoE.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
y ADY offers comfortable 11011111 for winter months with _IJ Or without board.—A.ddreas. 36, VICrORIA RD, St. Annee-on-Se.,

===== 0002601_19060908_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
LYTHAM.—Superior private APARTSIHNTS. Bath. piano. One minute to station and sea.—" BROOKE- BANK," Agnew at.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
LLANDUDNO.—"Atou-bod" Curzoa rd.--ARAALTAiIi NTS, ALI board if required ; grand maintain views, near sea homely and eoinfortable.—Mrs. Dams.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
ORFA NRVIN. NORTH WALIIB.—For APAUTNIIINTS ill apply to JONES. Glanrafoct House

===== 0002601_19060908_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Ark OttECAMBIII, W.B.—A.PlitiVeltiNTS with or without in board; near pier.--Yira.Unien CLoUGH,69 Clarendon rd.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Xr WITH WALES.—APARTMtiNT••. bitting and two bed- -11 rooms. Terms 14s. per week. —ROBERTS, Gloat:nor. Valley rd., Idanfalrfechan.

HYL—APARTMSNTS or Board Residence near sea; IL reduced terms for September —Amor, Nagle House.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
HlCL.—Seaside APARTM witb or without board; It h. and c baths. Cycle accommodation. Moderate.— Mrs. Hiram, 2, Brighton rd.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
CA RBOROUGH. —APARTMIINTS, 4 bed., good dining- room; near cricket field ; terms.— dim (loam', 2U, Langdale rd.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
LI MYTH SHORE.—Superior APARTMENTS; sea view; 0 one minute station. trams, pier; piano.—Mrs. FAULKNER, 23. Dean it., South Shore. Blackpool.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
QOUTHPORT.—Uomfortable APARTMISN'rd, good cooking CP and attendance ; piano, bath, dso. ; conveniently situated between Lord et., and Promenade.—Mrs. Asanv, 66 Bath et.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
LT. ANNRS-ON—SISA.—APARTMENTS. Miss DveoN, Ai Fern Dena, South Drive.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
rrow YN. IBBRIONNTH.—To be Let, one bitting and two or three Bedrooms ; moderate terms.—Apply Mrs. WHITAKER, 15 Station rd.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ATALB OF CON NAY. Farmhouse. Comfortable APART- V MENTS or le part furnished. Beautifully situated. Moderate.—ROßEßie, Wean tea. Tal-y-Catn. Conway.

INDHEMERE.—APARTMSNTS, Farmhouse two bed, two sittingrporns. Permanent or otherwise.—Mrs. DOBSON, Ferules, Crosthwaite, near Windermere..

===== 0002601_19060908_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
Artart miry, ett.

Z!Zianttb

APROFITABLE Insluitry, small outlay; particulars, Cp.—Miss WILLIAMS, Cralgancus, Cheltenham.

L 1 DOUBLED EVISIIT MONTH. Particulars stamped euvelope.—B. TAYLOR, 4. Dean rd., Kilmarnock.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
PROVIDENT BOND, £25 paid; beit mob X,/ kill offer buys.—CUFF, 39 Seething lane. B.C.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
rro PRINTERS.—Stereo Clomp, wantedmodern methods ; or Improver. learn stereo.— GARRoD. Printer, Ipswich,

£lO CAPITAL. makes £3 weekly,write enclosing stamp tO GEORGE EDGECGMBE, 78, Parade, Birmingham.

P RIVADI CHRISTMAS CARDS —Agents Wanted. Sample free ; best terms.—K es Co.. Slate et., Leicester.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
,‘ GENTS WANTED. Clothing, Drapery; value. selection Pt np-to-date ; catalogue sat:ogles, la.—UeQuilinT, Con- duit it.. Leloester.

CHRISTMAS GRRIVIING CARDS.—Agenta wanted. for well-known series. Book free. Best discountr.—UNlON PRINTERS, Black pool.

WANTBD-4-:crap Brass, Cooper, Gun Metsl, Pewter. Block Tin, &c.—SPENCER BURTOX. Brassfounder, awtenstall, Lancashire.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
NVANTED by Butcher strong TOUT'S as improver. One used to horses and cows. —Mr. PuTTS, Butcher, Audlem, Cheshire.

WAMID), Agencies for Quick-selling Articles ; good .bow-windows.—W, 512411,301'. General Dealer, Whitley. Northumberland.

A GENTS WANTED for Private Christmas Cards; CV splendid sample book; good commission.—Write WIDD, LTD., Castle Works, Bradford.

\N T" ANTED several persons wlth spare time, Bs. weekly. Samples PO. which will be refunded.—OLAßßE, 166. Blythe rd., Ken,ington, London.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
INr ANTED, two refined ladies to train for stage. Autumn season, Yorkshire. Moderate Premium. Salary and tuition given.—LIDDLE, Gaiety Theatre, Oundee.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
CIJII.I.TIC WANTHD. Priest ; good worker and visitor. no extreme views ; £l7o.—Address, with particulars, and giving references. VICAR St. James's Chorley, Lancashire.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
1 °CAL SHCHETARY Waisted by a Progreseive Live Stock 11 and Oeneral Insurance Co., salary, commission, and permanency ; must invest £5O at 7i per cent. interest.— Apply MANAGER. Midgate Chambers, Peterborough.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & CO, THE "EXAMINER" PRINTING OFFICE

BRWSBY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
O N SALE BY CART r.i.ELDING, 162, rising five; soond.and a good worker.—J. CORKE. The Vale,Bowdon.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
()N SALh, HORSE 14 hands, quiet and good worker, also tvirness ; £lO or will exchange for pigs to value.-217, SCHOLES. Wigan.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUR-WHBECIAIIi VAN. suitable for laundry people or Country carrier, strong and in good condition.—Apply 13. fin.votn RD„ Widnes.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
/lOW. MARE and FOAL.—Cow. newly calved, second calf ; Oast Mare, Albion Gold Dust, No. In Stud Book 27341, 16.2; Foal, by Bastoft Royal Lad—Rovt.n. Bowdon.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
poultrp, egg, etc.

POULTRY-KRUPERS.—Ho% to maga Poultry aloe for le. Recelpe 3.I.—Bdo&DBENY,4. Radfurd rd., Plymout

===== 0002601_19060908_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
TO FATTEN' POULTRY guickly.use the Hereford Poultry -IL Crammer, price £l. Se prospectus. for startling Information.— WALLIS, 12 Wit htheton, If erefnrd.

F 0,771, CORN, 7s. 6d , 110 s. 6d., 12s. 6d. 210Ibs. ; Pig Food, 78. 6d. and Poultry Meal, Bs. and 10s. per 2001bs,— ROCHE AND Co., 15, Gorse piazzas. Liverpool. Mention paper.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i+latrizrionn

===== 0002601_19060908_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
ATRIMORIAL INTRODUCTIONS given, strictly Jill private; particulars 9 stamps.—SYLVESTER, 29, West st., Buxton.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Jatncrblu, i6ustnesses., etc.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
OFF-LIBBNCB and GROOBRY Business. £45 clear —33, TAYLOR AT., Gorton, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
1 OOD ANTIQUE BUSIFiIiSS for sale, Midland town, l.)1 £l6O, including stock.-114, CORAL BT., Leicester.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
-ENANCY BUSINESS FOR SALE; stock and fixtures at 12 valuation ; corner chop; beat position.--42, NEVILL ST., Southport.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
HHRBALIST (old established) opposite large Ironworks. 'Low rent. Well stocked and fitted. Cheap.—DONNELLY, 142, Fold rd., Bolton.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
-VON bALE, Half-Gallon BOTANIC BEER BUSINESS. 12 as a going ooncern. Business taught, Bid health reason for selling.—TIPTROT, Atherton House, Orrell, near Wigsn.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
flftebital

rpoortucas eured, recipe i..—B. Simmons, Jun., 29, I. Norwich rd., Forest sate, London.

PPHYSICIAN'S HBOIPIII for Brmcialtia, Colds. Send 3.e. to Howean, 33, Hiadon it., Pimlico, Lonion. T UMBAGO, Backache, Gravel, Gout. Splendid re clue LI sent for 25.—Warra, 122 Burnt Ash rd., Lea, S.B.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
TNVALID LADIRS.—Rest Cure, Massage, Medical Ele2. tricity.—MATßox, 51, Marylebone rd., W. stamp reply.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
SURGIOAL APPLlANCES.—lllustrated catalogue, with assorted samples. ls. ; packed in plain coven—last* et Co., Whitney-road, Ea.tbourne.

WANTED SUFFERERS from Lumbago or Dropsy to Bend Postal Order value la. 2d. for certain cure.—J. ASHWORTH, Buxton, Chorley.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
NDIGHSTION !—Chronic sufferers permanently cured by DIGESTA. Is. lid. post free.-11. & W. FREDN.RICK'S, 4 George yard, Sadler Gate, Derby.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
MAittLIAQI4 : Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. A new edition juat publiehed. Post free as. 9d.— London SHELLEY AND CO., LTD., 3S, GTACedaHreb it.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
J. WALKER & co.

Circular!. Bil'heads Programmes Envelopes Time Sheets Tickets Posters Day Books Handbills Ledgers Price Lists Delivery Books Order Hooks Post Cards Memo Forms Letter Books Note Paper Tags Reports Bazaar Handbooks BEWSBY MEW, WARRINCITON. "

===== 0002601_19060908_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
WHEN KING EDWARD ENGLAND AND happens to be on the Con- GERMANY. tin ant the gossips generally

connect his visit with inter- national politics, but when, in addition to the KING, both the Prime Minister and the War Minister are near enough to be consulted, and consultations do, as a fact, take place, then every- ' body is certain that the relations between our- selves and foreign countries are the subject of discussion. Recently the KING was seen to whisper to Sir HENRY CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN On the promenade at Marienbad, and the conclusion was immediately arrived at that the conver- sation had some reference to the recent meeting between the KING and the KAISER. It never seems to have struck these wiseacres that if the KING did wish to discuss such a subject with his FIRST MINISTER the public promenade at Marien- bad was hardly the place he would have selected for the purpose. As a matter of fact, the conver- sation, according to Sir HENRY CAMPBELL BANNERMAN, who has been asked the question point blank, consisted in his MAJESTY ; merely inquiring after the health of Lady CAMPBELL- BANNERMAN.

Whether, however, the relations between the Governments of England and Germany have or have not been the subject of discussion between the King and his Ministers or between the King and the Kaiser, certain it is that there has been a rapprochement between the two Monarchs, and that must be welcomed, for, say what we will, cordial relations between Monarchs are an important factor in the preservation of peace between the peoples. And by this time we all know KING EDWARD well enough to know that he is a diplomatist of the very highest capacity, and that his great desire is the maintenance of peace. The meeting at Friedrichshof has been invested by Continental journals with an importance which s at once a tribute to the power of the KING and an earnest of their own desire for friendly international relations.

In this connection an article which is to appear in the September number of the "Deutsche Revue," and which bears some evidence of having been inspired, justifies the importance which has been attached to the moeting of uncle and nephew. We are told that the element of personal estrange- ment between them has been definitely removed, and that the relations of England and , Germany were discussed frankly and without constraint, as was also the general situation. It appears that, among other things, the cordiality displayed in London towards Ger- many during the recent visit of the German Editors has rather been resented in Paris, and that therp has been some suspicion as to the sinority of l'entente cordiale. Perhaps this was only natural, for where Germany is concerned France is jealous. The war of 1870-1 is not forgotten, and the greatest menace to European peace is the still remembered dictum of Gambetta after the war : " Revenge; never speak of it, but always think of it." There are people in France constitutionally unable to understand that ['England can quite consistently be on good terms with both France and Germany at the same time. The tact of the King has, we are told, overcome the suspicions of France, and now it appears that we are on the high road towards a rapprochement with Germany. According to the writer of the article in the "Deutsche Revue," the belief was general a year ago that the relations between this country and Germany were so strained that a cordial understanding would have to be preceded by a sharp encounter, but now all danger is past. The cordial relations have come as the result of Royal diplomacy, and there is now no obstacle to cordial co-operation between the two Governments. The French entente,the desire expressed by the Prime Minister the other day to extend it to Russia when her I Government becomes more stable, the Spanish j match, and the arrangement of good relations

,`..::i':','i.."..ltifir:.';','0.,;'1.2'ic,

with Germany seem to promise that period of peace for this country which will enable the Government to turn its attention to domestic matters and to institute a policy of retrenchment which will be a great relief to the British taxpayer and a stimulus to British industry.

A more conscientious and THE LATE JUDGE painstaking judge than the BOwEN RowLANDS. late Judge Bowen Row- lands, K.C. it would be impossible to find, and by no-one will his death be more sincerely regretted than by those who shared with him the trying work of the Warrington County Court. He was the soul of courtesy and amiability and no person, however humble, ex- perienced harsh treatment at his hands. Of any- thing that savoured of sharp practices, however, he was the uncompromising foe and he did not hesitate to denounce unsparingly anyone who, in his judg- ment, had been guilty of misrepresentation of facts. He had, too, a very keen sense of humour and his apt witticisms enlivened many an otherwise dull sitting. But the quality which stood forth pre-eminently in his public work was his patience which seemed to be almost inex- haustible. He was willing to hear a great mass of evidence—often with only a very slight bearing on the point at issue—if he thought it might be the means of elucidating a single additional fact which would help him to a just decision. His summings- up were models of lucidity and he was one of the most fluent and attractive speakers on the Bench. He was of an extremely warm-hearted disposition and the poor who through stress of circumstances were forced to appear before him invariably received the most considerate and sympathetic treatment.

W 3 had thought that the THE MAYOR'S principle had been Milli' ALIDITOR. ciently well established in Warrington that no member of the Town Council should derive pecuniary bene- fit from his membership of that body. The ques- tion has, however, once more come to the fore and the most interesting debate at Tuesday evening's Council meeting was as to whether a Councillor is, under certain special circumstances, entitled to receive monetary reward from the Council for services rendered. It has been the custom for years in Warrington—as well as in some other towns—for the Mayor's auditor who, according to law must be a member of the Council, to be paid an equal share with the two elective auditors of the £9O annually allowed for auditing the Borough accounts. An exception to the rule was forthcoming in the case of Alderman Fairclough who, however, only nominally filled the office and declined to accept any remuneration. His successor has discharged the duties to the letter, and has been quite as painstaking as either of the other gentlemen who have scrutinised the books. The point which arose on Tuesday was whether he was entitled to the same fee as his predecessors in office, and the Council by a large majority decided in favour of the payment, although there appeared to be a strong feeling that the matter was deserving of fuller 'considera- tion before any similar situation has to be faced. Legal opinion is somewhat divided, but the Municipal Corporations Act is explicit enough on the broad principle we have alluded to. It distinctly affirms that a Councillor holding any office or place of profit or having employment with or on behalf of the Council is liable to disqualification. Against this it is argued that the payment to the Mayor's auditor is made under the Public Health Act and is therefore perfectly in order but, as Councillor Lord pointed out, the Municipal Corporations Act, with its definite statement, is of later date and should therefore take precedence. An eminent authority on municipal work to whom the point has been referred, after consulting legal works holds that a member of the Council becomes disqualified if he receives from the Council any money for any con- tract or employment. Obviously the payment in question is for employment and to us the argument of a past Secretary of the Municipal Corporation's Association that 'the Mayor's auditor can a fee without being disqualified as his office the gift of the Mayor and not of the Coma(' decidedly weak. The Corporation and no. Mayor provides the money,and we take it that L!'", Mayor appoints merely in his capacity as C him Magistrate and head of the Corporation. Putupg aside the legal aspect, which awaits a definite pronouncement from the Judicial Bench, the question has a moral side which Is too important to be overlooked. The 83'SW:a of remuneration might easily lend itself to abuse and we are strongly of opinion that the safest course, and the one which conforms to the unmistakably expressed feeling of the ratepayers, is for Councillors to adhere strictly to the principle that no profit should accrue to them by virtue of their position as public representatives. We believe that in the case of the majority of municipalities whose practice has been ascertained the Mayor's auditor is unpaid, and so serious is the question at issue in Warrington that we learn from a letter from Mr. James Dodds in another column that steps will shortly be taken to test the legality of the payment.

receif.° le is 10 leg "0 tot thf at f'

Is it not time the Warring - THE DIGNITY OF ton Town Council showed a THE CouNciL, little more regard to dignity

_ in the conduct of its meet- ings? As the highest local authority, one would expect the Council to set an example in the observance of the ordinary rules of debate, but at Tuesday evening's meeting decorum was at times flung to the winds. Questions were discussed in a free and easy style which was no doubt very amusing to the public assembled at the back of the Chamber, but the Council should have some higher object in view than the entertainment of the ratepayers. Now and then members showed an inclination to lose their tempers but the climax was reached when Councillor Wright came to words with the Mayor. The Labour man was highly incensed at being ruled out of order and an unseemly wrangle ensued, the Coun- cillor exclaiming at the top of his voice that "if he was to be bullied, he could bully as hard as anyone." Such scenes are far from edify ing, to say the least, and tend to lower the Council in the estimation of the community. A more rigorous observance of the orders governing debate would certainly facilitate the business-like transaction of municipal work and this can only be secured by the co-operation of the whole Council.

The lot of the Warring- HALF-PENNY TRAM ton tram conductor hal FARES, not been a happy one of late, for the simple reason that he has frequently been called upon to decide the apparently innocent question: What is a workingman? His perplexity has been occasioned by the recent decision of ' the Town Council to issue workmen's ticket* during certain hours at Id. fare. Naturally enough there has been a rush of passengers anxious to be enrolled as workmen, and many who would probably be indignant if included in that classification on ordinary occasions, have not been above demanding -Id tickets. What was the poor conductor to do ? If a passenger claimed to be a son of toil, who was to question the accuracy of his declaration ? The Tramways Committee at last took pity on their servants and drew up a new rule to the effect that anybody using the cars before 8 a.m. was entitled to purchase a return . ticket at single fare—the return half to be avail- able within six days of date of issue (Sundays excluded). The champions of the workingman, however, were not satisfied. They held that person—only a worker, of course—who wished to travel one way should be at liberty to do so for 18; ' So strong was their opposition that the proposal of the committee was withdrawn. Seriously, sca think that the demands of labour are a little unreasonable and we hope the committee will adhere to its intention of giving a trial to the new system which appears to be fair to everyone. -- Dr. 0-

;grace's suggestions Emprovement of the mder which the Championship jS Association football as to the rise of the

THE CRICKET for the ii

CHAMPIONSHIP. plan County decided is reasonable enough. owes its success in these timi

MEMERUI

,) '! Ii .11 4 N

,

===== 0002601_19060908_art0142.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
kmle bp Ration.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
P.oothall League—an excellent form of organisa- tion which gives due merit its chance, and. in Which the. best team almost invariably wins, If the matter were a question of securing that the Conditions for all should be quite equal the thing Would be simple. But financial considerations Will probably prevent the big counties like York- shire and Surrey from joining in a scheme which light affect their earnings from "gate money" iery considerably. How much finance is wrapped lip with county cricket may be gathered from some figures relating to Yorkshire's earnings this Year. Fourteen home mate.hes brought in a total of £6,433, but no less than £3,082 of this was due to two matches—that against Lancashire at Bradford and that against Surrey at Sheffield. That the .League system would be better for minor counties like Somerset or Northampton there is no gainsaying, and one may go further and aver that it would be better in the interests of the game and of the public who love a fair fight and like to see .the "little one" get a good place. But even the influence of Dr. Grace -and Lord Harris will be sorely taxed to get the scheme through.

W. HODGKINSOIST; LT).,

FIRST DELIVERY OF NRw AUTUHN CLOTHS AND TWEEDS.

NEW TAILOR-MADE STYLES. BRIDGE ST RE RT, WARRINGTON:, CLOSED AT 4.30 ON SATURDAYS.

NOTES AND NOTIONS.

:lir. Lawson's amended claim in respect of the Waterworks contract amounts to over £70,000. * * * The Board of Guardians has at last disposed of the much-vexed resident medical officer question, for on Wednesday Dr. T. E. Flitcroft was appointed to that office. Now there will be an opportunity of getting to other. business. • * * I venture to assert that no little assistance has been afforded to great thinkers by cigar and pipe. These tend to dissipate obtruding thoughts, and thus enable the mind to rise unimpeded to loftier intellectual altitudes. —A doctor in the " Grand Magazine." * * * The Junior Liberal Association will shortly enter upon its second winter session, the programme being well advanced. We have often emphasised the value of this organization in educating opinion and we heartily wish it a continuance of that success which has attended previous efforts. * * * The Progressive Labour League can be numbered amongst Warrington's most active organisations and already they are arranging a programme of work for the coming winter. Meetings are to be held on the 7th and 04th Bast at which they are hopeful of having the ices of several prominent orators. * * * Circumstances alter cases. Hitherto Alderman 13ennett has been one of the countless number who believe with the immortal Bumble that "the law is a bass." On being assured on Tuesday evening that the law was on the side of the Council on A certain question he decided that "the law was not a hass for once.",

WARRINGTON

Notice. The Warrington "Examiner " is now published on Friday afternoon, price one penny, and is on sale at the various newsagents at about 4 o'clock. Should any difficulty be experienced in getting the paper the proprietors will undertake to deliver a copy at any address in Warrington by 5 o'clock on Friday after- noon without extra charge. Address all communica, tions to" Examiner Office," Bewsey-street Warrington LAWN MOWERS, Garden Tools, &o. Splendid selection.—l. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-st.—Advt. Coming Events. To-day(Saturday)the Warrington District of the Order of Foresters will hold their annual trip when Belle Vim will be visited. An attractive programme has been arranged and the outing should be highly successful. The Warrington University extension lectures, this year on " Robert Browning " will commence on September 19th. Illness of Councillor Brough. We regret to say that on inquiry, we find that Mr. Councillor Brough is still seriously ill and, acting under medical advice, has to place on one side all public and private duties. He is suffering from a severe attact of neuritis. J, R. WOOD, Piano Dealer and Tuner, 47, Old London-road., Stockton Heath.—Advt. Insolvent Many Years. George Partington, a Runcorn grocer, appeared for his public examination in bankruptcy before Mr. Ridg- way at Warrington this (Friday) morning The state- ment of affairs disclosed a deficiency of .£9Ol. 19s. 10d. Defendant ascribed his insolvency to competition front the Co-oper#ve Stores bad debts, and expense of trying to obtain an off license. Ile admitted that he had been insolvent for many years. The examination was closed. UNDER THE CLOCK for Good BOOTS. Advt.— The Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd. The Directors have decided to recommend the, pay- ment of the usual half-yearly dividend, at the rate of six per cent. pee annum, on the preference shares, also a half yearly dividend, at the rate of six per cent. per annum, free of income tax, on the ordinary shares. They also recommend that the capital expenditure of the year be written off out of profits, that £lO,OOO be added to the Reserve Fund, and the balance £,9,323 carried to next account. LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. Messrs. Crosfield's Angling Contest. The annual contest in connection with the anglers' section of Crosfield's recreation club took place on the Bridgwater Canal at Thelwall on Saturday. There were sixty-five entries an,d great interest was taken in the match. Owing to the powerful sun, the weather was not exactly favourable for the purpose and con- sequently bites were not numerous and catches were small. Thirteen competitors, however, succeeded in winning prizes, the following being the order of the first six : —J. Mather, W. Brobbin, J. Willcocks, T. Clare, J. Crossland, and S. Hankinson, Mr. Knight, secretary of the Warrington Anglers' Association, kindly acted as judge. Six-GUINEA Crcm:s. Excellent value. Call and inspect. —J. S,GABLAND,SI to 55, Bridge-st. The Henry Taylor Fund. We would call the attention of our readers to the advertisement which appears in another column inviting subscriptions to a fund which will be invested foi• the beneit of the widow of the late Mr. Henry Taylor, who has been left in ill-health and practically destitute. As it is pointed out, the work done by the late Mr. Taylor during his fourteen years' residence in Warrington as Police Court Missionary, in connection with temperance work and almost every movement for the relief of distress, and especially for the good of women and children, is well known and deserves recognition. Subscriptions may. be paid during September into any of the Warrington banks, at the " Guardian," " Examiner " and " Observer " offices, or at the Central Police Buildings, Arpley-street. * * * STILL LEADING, the "HERALD" KITCHEN RANGES A few more weeks, and then we'll greet and " PEVERIL " FIRE GRATES Sole Agent.—J. S. The paradox of old— GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-st., Warrington.—Advt. The man who railed against the heat Labour Bureau. Will growl because it's cold. There have been registered during the week 10 —" Westminster Gazette." * * * persons, making the total number now registered 895. During the week 19 persons have obtained work, and The " Liverpool Post and Mercury has the follow- ~ c, . mere are now on the register out of employment 168 ing interesting story : —ln 1790 the mail had been robbed near Warrington. One James Price was con- persons. The following is a list of the different trades :o—General labourers, 24; builders' labourers, vicred, and paid for his crime by hanging. His body 4 . , 'WlTStrade vras cased in irons and raised on a pole by the high- • labourers 5 • iron trade labourers, 13 ; layers, 1; joiners, 4; pipefitters, 1; brick- Way. There it creaked and swung for thirty years. *When taken down it was found that a robin was rear- 6, paviors, 1; painters, 2; compositors,, 3; engine • drivers and stokers, 3 ; girls (under 20), 6 ; youths ing her young in the skull. A punning poet wrote (underlB) 10 ; clerks, and warehousemen, 7 ; black- 'the following lines : smiths, and strikers, 5 ; van men and carters, 10 ; Oh ! James Price deserved his fate. charwomen and sick-nursing, 34 ; men of 50 years Nought but robbing in his pate old and upwards, 32. Whilst alive; and, now he's dead, Has still Robin in his head. BABY CARRIAGES. Latest patterns.—J.S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. High he swings for robbing the mails, But his brain of Robin females " Y " Branch at Penketh. Still is full. Though out of breath, The members of the "Y " Branch of the British The passion e'en survives his death. Women's Temperance Association on Thursday spent * * * i a very enjoyable afternoon by kind invitation of the , A novel suggestion was made by Mr. A. j. King, 'vice-president, Mrs. James Dodds, at Penketh House. ( 4.P.,_ in his -speech at the luncheon of the Mid- , The party numbering about 30, left Sankey-street at Cheshire Agricultural Show at Knutsford on 2.30 by bus. On arriving at Penketji all were kindly Wednesday. He said that to his mind it was a received by Mrs. and Miss A. M. Dodds (treasurer) '' Source of regret that while cattle and hcirses were after which the gardens were visited. Selections were Proving in quality there was so much reason to given during tea on the gramaphone by Mr. H. Dodds Feplore the lack of physique of many of their people Gaines were indulged in until 0.30 when the Rev. J. In the town. He suggested that it would be a good F. Matthews spoke a few encouraging words on" Y " , Ming to organise a competition for human yearlings, work. Miss Gilbert delighted all with her singing. '. two-year-olds, and three-year-olds fed upon milk, and Miss Fieldhouse then in a few suitable words thanked kii that it would be useful to advertise the advantages of Mrs. Dodds for her great kindness. Warrington was milk diet to the populations of large centres. There reached about 7.30 all voting it the pleasantest outing 0 ls a great deal to be said for Mr. King's suggestion. of the season and one which all will remember. Improper feeding is largely responsible for physical 1 PREMIER CYCLES, 7,8, 10, 12 and 14 guineas uegenerary in our great industrial communities and , Cash or 18 monthly payments. Sole agent, .1. S. '4IIY step which would remedy it is to be commended. ' GARLAND, 51, 53 and 55, l3ridge-st.—Advt.

~,,. Cricket and football, like everything earthly, 23:lay be abused or given too much importance," says he Rev. James Forbes, vicar of St. Cuthbert's, arwen, in his parish magazine, " but the devil has !Inuch less chance of the lad who plays cricket and , ootball than of the lad whose mind and body are interested in nothing but loafing,eigarette smoking,&c." * * * What impressed me as the most pleasing feature of Saturday's Beautiful Warrington Show was that the Children took the liveliest interest in it. The were present in strong force and sent a grand collection of Plants and wild flowers for competition. The Society nould not have done better than enlist the help of the rising generation and we believe that in the .. ouvenile section the movement will have its greatest source of strength.

* * The ideal of a Beautiful Warrington is slowly becom- ing nearer realization. At one time the suggestion of a horticultural show for Warrington would have been treated with levity, but on Saturday the Beautiful Warrington Society held its first show in Parr flail and peting a creditable display it was. While the number of com- exhibits was not large,tbe quality was uniformly good and there was every ground for encouragement. The society has made a good start and we have no ' doubt that next year the projectl will be taken up with greater enthusiasm. "How to keep cool " was the most pressing problem on Sunday, for we had the heat wave with a vengeance. Under such abnormal conditions open- air services were much more preferable to being cooped up in the stuffy atmosphere of places of worship, and this plan was followed by the people of at least one local church—St. Barnabas , Lovely-lane. Here the first part of the service was sung in the church, and thenthe choir and congregation adjourned to the churchyard, where the Vicar preached the sermon and several hymns were sung. The innovation, we hear, was much appreciated.

As most of our readers very properly take an interest in municpal affairs, we may say that the di;following Councillors' term of office wilt expire in ''.November, but from what we know most of them if inot all, will offer themselves for re-election : Councillor Maginn, St. John's Ward ; Councillor .Cunnington, Orford Ward ; Councillor Lord, Town all Ward; Councillor Ashcroft, St. Austin's Ward ; ' Councillor W. J. Wilson, Latchford ; Councillor Barton, Whitecross Ward; Councillor Wright, Bewsey Ward. * * * T Warrington gas consumer will rejoice , Hihe therto when the disposal of gas profits has been :considered he has been left out in the cold, the margin always going entirely to the relief of rates. Now, -110wever, the consumer's turn has come, and the Uouncil on Tuesday sanctioned a reduction in the price of gas of 2d. per 1,000 feet. Some members . thought the concession was not 'large enough, but we Inink the best frame of mind to adopt is to be thank- ful for small mercies. After all, the relief of rates has to be considered to some extent, even from the work- ingman's point of view, for when rates advance rents often go up too.

* * Father Time (closely examining small incision in the English language tree trunk) : Who's been trying -to cut this tree down ? " Teddy " Roosevelt (in manner of young George Washington) : Father ! I kannot tel a ; I did it with my litl as. Father Time : Ab, well! Boys will be boys.— Punch."

\

f i It; i.;' 7 .F.i..--..:', i.r:±i..7.At:':V.

7.1. • AVEAVtai:I(;, _

- ' ' 11:11 17r 1' _ , 11; 61 Of s.rvii 4 3 , 1'

===== 0002601_19060908_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 8, 1906.

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

Padgate Garden Fete. The annual fete and garden party in connection .with the Padgate parish was held at the Vicarage on Thursday, and despite the unsettled state a the A RUNCORNIAN FOR CANADA. weather was a great success. The proceedings Another of our scholars, says the Wesleyan Circuit Magazine, will shortly be crossing the Atlantic to were opened by Mrs. T. H. Lyon, in the Canada. Mr. Harry Dodd, who has been brought up at presence of a large gathering. This year the Brunswick, is going out to the colony to join the fete was held for the purpose of raising a sufficient Canadian ministry. We wish him every success in his sum to wipe off of the quarterly collection in Mu of new sphere, and hope that he may be used by God in pew rents and the object was achieved, There was the saving of many souls. an excellent and varied programme of music and an , POLICE PRESENTATION. • additional feature of interest was the awarding of : Last Thursday afternoon at the Parade Room of the 1 ' - prizes for table decoration and in connection with a Widnes Police Station ex-inspector Pound, who , flower show which was held, has recently retired from 'the Lancashire County ; Constabulary, was the recipient of an engraved gold. Apollo Choir at Crosfield's Works. mounted walking stick, a pipe, and a pouch of tobacco. On Tuesday, a party of fifty-five, representing the Superintendent R. Strickland made the presentation Apollo Male Voice Choir, and including a number of and the sentiments of the subordinate members of the lady. friends, visited Messrs. Crosfield's works at force were voiced by Sergeant Blackball and by the Invitation of the directors. Ample arrangements Detective Sergeant Davidson. had been made for the reception of the visitors, Mr.!' CHEMICAL MAN KILLED. Lord and several of the laboratory staff accompanying On Tuesday Roger Grady, aged twenty-seven years,of the United Alkali Company. Grady was employed as a them though the works and explaining the various , Peel-street, Runcorn, was killed at the Wigg works of laabboouutretor oltrire caarrobtoonre laauntd. f of-1r etial,pd an o the r manla cr were processes and mechanical contrivances. At the conclu- sion of the tour the party partook of tea in the roof garden and subsequently the choir gave a selection of ascend a platform fourteen feet high! They had removed part-songs under the able conductorship of lfr• the cover of the retort and placed it on the plate, when Harry Beriey. Later Mr. Berrey thanked Dr. the deceased gave a cough and fell backwards and went Markel for the firm's hospitality and took the oppor- over the protection rail. He alighted on his head an tunity of handing him a handsomely framed photo- 1 the ground below, and was instantly killed. graph of the choiritaken on the occasion of their recent , WEDDING AT RUNCORN. visit to Tower House. Dr. Markel briefly thanked the 1 There wasa very pretty wedding at the Parish Church. choir for their performance and for the very kindly ;Runcorn, on Wednesday, the contracting parties being gift and, on behalf of the directors, presented Mr. I Miss Dora Boyers, eldest daughter of Mr. Samuel , Berrey with a handsome souvenir of the works. Each Boyers, of 133, Church-street, and Mr. Frank Clarke, of Ashton, near Chester. The bride's father has member of the choir on leaving was the recipient of a for many years been actively associated with the Parish souvenir. Church and Sunday Schools, whilst the bride is a PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST I teacher, and has rendered material assistance in various ' BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. branches of parochial work. The marriage ceremony was The New Imperial Pictures at Parr Hall. conducted by the Rev. W. Scholes. The bride who was given away by her father looked charming in a dress of Warrington is this week being visited by the New beautiful white silk, trimmed with valenciennes lace, Imperial Picture Co., and an excellent entertainment and surmounted with a veil and wreath of orange has nightly attracted large audiences to the Parr Hall. blossoms. The bridesmaids were Miss Alice Boyers The programme is a very extensive one, and holds (sister of the bride)' Miss of the bridegroom). Mr Miss Alice Chile (cousin), and the attontion of the audience from first to last. Among Miss Annie Clarke Thos. Clarke brother of the bridegroom, acted as best the best examples of animated photography may be man. After the ceremony an adjournment was made to mentioned the dog smugglers, the robbery in the the Church House, where the wedding breakfast was wood, and a horse's wonderful sagacity, the escape provided. Later in the day Mr. and Mrs. Clarke left and chase of a convict, the scratch motor race, love in for Windermere, midst the hearty wishes of their friends the stars, two brave children, and the waking of Spring The presents included a dinner service from the teachers the latter including several pretty coloured floral of the Parish Church Sunday-school, and a trinket set scenes and a novel distribution of flowers following a from the ladies' sewing meeting. severe snowstorm. The programme is varied by • RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. t several very well rendered illustrated songs and The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of dramatic recitals as well as a really clever ventriloquial Guardians was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there . Admiral sketch. Five figures are introduced, and the ventrilo- .c..yeurepr easrernyt, Messrs. T. laster,S. Woodward, A. R. Norman (presiding)T. Wright, C guise displays unusual ability. Some excellent d ees P C. E. Linaker, C. E. Linaker, jail., P. P Collins W. M. pianoforte selections are given, and the performance Morris, C. Roylance, S. Horton, J. Spruce J. Whitley, throughout is highly enjoyable. A special matinee is J. H. Davies, T. Antwis, E. Bretherton, d. Pilling, A. announced for to-day (Satuaolay) at three o'clock. H. Talbot, G. Egerton Warburton, J. Whitlow, J. 11 PcreLic BENEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK FOR *BEST Wilkinson, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough, (deputyl clerk), T. Cook, W. R J . dePrez and J. Pearson (re ieving BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. officers), and J. Cunnah (master). Crosfield's Band at Belle Vue. Messrs. Antwis, Eyes and Whitlow were appointed The great brass band contest at Belle Vue oh ' delegates to attend the North Western Poor Law Con- ference, to be held at Chester at the end of September. Monday attracted thousands of visitors, who took the keenest interest in the proceedings. For something Mr. Wright reported that he had paid a visit of inspection to the County Asylum. Seventy-nine like five and a half hours as many of them as could patients were in the Asylum'from the Runcorn area, all find sitting or standing room in the large ballroom being fiteni Budworth, Frodsham and Runcorn. All listened to performance after performance of the test appeared to be well cared for. At the present time a piece —a selection from Meyerbeer's " Les Hugeunots," lack of accommodation was being experienced. It struck him, however, that some of the patients were arranged by Lieutenant Charles Godfrey. It was i close upon half-past six before the hardly more than imbeciles, and he thought that f these piece was were removed to less expensive institutions, it would played for the twentieth time, the last competitors not be necessary to increase the accommodation at the being members of the Rochdale Public Band. The Asylum. (Hear, hear.) contest was opened by the Royal Oak, Blaenau The report was approved. Festiniog, following whom came in the f filowing The Finance Committee reported payment in out- order :—llebden Bridge ; Kingston Mills Hyde . relief of .£7O to.Mr, Cook, £23 to Mr. de Prez, and £23 Lee Mount, Halifax ; Pendleton Old; doodsliaw, to Mr. Pearson. Crakshawbooth ; Irwell Springs, Bacup ; Lee Mills, MEETING OF THE RUNCORN DISTRICT Bacup ; Pemberton Old; Lindley ; Wyke, Shaw Prize, COUNCIL. The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural Dis- Oldham ; Linthwaite ; Gossage's Soap Works, trict Council was held at Dutton on Tuesday when Widnes ; Palmer's Works, Jarrow; Denton Original; there were present: Mr. George Pilling (presiding), Crosfield's Soap Works, Warrington ~ • Aberavon Admiral Jones Parry, Messrs. T. Baxter, Voodward, Silver ; and Wingates Temperance.—The result, as T. Wright, C. E. Linaker, C. E. Linaker, jun., C. Roylance, declared by the judges, was as follows :-1, Wingates S. Horton, J. Spruce, J. Whitley, J. H. Davies, T. Temperance ; 2,Lavell Springs ; 6, Pemberton Old. Goodsbaw ; 3, Rochdale Public ; 4, Antwis, E. Bretherton, A. H. Talbot, G. Egerton War- Linthwaite ; 5, burton, J. Whitlow, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (deputy 'clerk), J. Swinton and W. Diggle (surveyors), The prizes, it may he added, range from £5O for and Dr. Adams (medical officer.) Wingates down to 5 for the sixth in the list. The Rural District Council of Chester forwarded the LAWN TENNIS, CROQUET, and other outdoor following resolution for consideration: "That this sports.—J. S. GARLAND, 51,Bridge-st.—Advt. Council desires to express its regret at the increasing ____________ expenditure of the Cheshire County Council and thinks it high time that something should be done to reduce LOCAL WEDDINGS. expense especially in regard to the salaries paid to officials and school teachers. " . _ Mr. Linaker said he did not see what good the resolu- Gandy—Jones. tion would do. The County Council had started a system of giving salaries on a progressive and high scale. There was no doubt that they had been very extravagant and had managed affairs very badly but he did not see what could be done. Mr. Woodward, whilst syruyathising with the resolu- tion, thought it was too indefinite. It did not say what officials' salaries should be reduced. It Was decided to allow the resolution to lie on the table. /

An interesting wedding was solemnized at Wargrave Church, Earlestown on Monday, when the contracting parties were Mr. Marshall Gandy, son of Mr. Win. Gandy, of Mersey-street. Warrington. and Miss Mabel Jones, of Queen-street, Earlestown. The ceremony was conducted by the Rev. A. Inglis of Winwick. The bride, who was given away by her uncle, Mr. A. Peake, of Earlestown, looked charming in a dress of embroidered white silk. She also wore a gold and emerald brooch and carried a bouquet,the gifts of the bridegroom. The bridesmaids were Miss Cissy Peake (cousin of the bride), Miss Amy Gandy and Miss Gertrude Gandy (sisters of the bridegroom), and they wore dresses of white silk, each also wearing a gold brooch and carrying a shower bouquet. the gifts of the bridegroom. Mr. Percy Bowcock Gandy (brother of the bridegroom), officiated as best man. The wedding party afterwards returned to the house of Mr. Peake, the bride's uncle, where a large number of guests we*e entertained. Later in the day the newly-married pair left for Scarborough, the bride's travelling dress being of reseda green. Many valuable presents were received.

THE HEALTH OF RUNCORN. The monthly meeting of the Runcorn Urban District Council was held on Wednesday, Mr. D. Bisbrown in the chair. Dr. Nl`Dougall (medical officer) reported that during August there were twenty-eight deaths, of which eight were due to diarrhoea and one to enteric fever. There were forty-eight births during the month.ln the corresponding month last year there were nineteen deaths and forty-eight births. On the recommendation of the Highways and Buildings Conimittee, it was resolved to pave with setts the portion of Canal-street from Wivern-place and Mason-street, at an estimated cost of £339, of which the Highfield Tannery Company agreed to pay £250, and the Australian Alum Company £5O. On the minutes of the Health Committee, Mr. Handley asked was nothing to be said to remove the state of unrest that existed in the town in regard to infectious diseases. Tell the public what steps had been taken, and were now being taken. Mr. Wisw all : We do not want to advertis ourselves. Mr. Handley No ; but simply allay the feeling. It was stated in committee that there were fewer notifica- tions last month than in August last year. Mr. Wiswall : Let sleeping dogs lie. Mr. Dean, chairman of the Health Committee, said at the last m.eeting there were no cases in the hospital,but on the previous day two strangers to the town told him the hospital was full. If it were so, he had no official 1 knowledge. The minutes were passed. I The resolution of the Chester County Council with ; regard to the Motor-car Acts Commission was submitted. Mr. Dean said motor-car dust did great harm to vegeta- tion, and if nothing were done to stop it, some means I would have to be devised to clear the dust from vegetables before being given to animals as food. Mr. Handley said a four-wheeled carriage for pleasure had to pay a licence of £2 2s. and a four wheeled motor-car only £l. These ought to be equalised at least. The subject was referred to the Highway Committee.

Tilston —Gill. A crowded congregation assembled at Holy Trinity Church to witness the marriage of Mr. Basil H. Tilston, Haseldene, Heswall, third son of Mr. Wm. Hawkins Tilston, and Miss Alice Gill, second daughter of Mr. Win. Gill, Winmarleigh-street. Considerable interest was shown in the ceremony, the bride and her parents being well known in Warrington. As the bride entered the church, Mr. NV. R. Randall, the organist, struck up the Bridal Chorus from " Lohengrin," and later played other appropriate music. The Rev. E. C. E. Carleton (vicar) was the officiating clergyman. The bride, who was given away by her father, looked charming in a dress of ivory satin de chine,with insertions and volants of Mechlin lace, whilst she also wore an embroidered tulle veil and wreath of white heather and orange blossom. Her jewels included a gold brooch with pearls and emeralds, a gift of the bridegroom. 'and her bouquet was of choice white flowers, also a gift of the bridegroom. The bridesmaids were Miss Clara Gill (sister of the bride), and Miss Irene Tilston (sister of the bridegroom), who were beautifully attired in ivory Chantilly lace robes of floral design, outlined with a bright silk effect, a touch of colour being introduced by long chine silk sashes. Their white crinoline hats were trimmed with chiffon and ostrich tips. They also wore brooches of pbarls, the gifts of the bridegroom, and carried bouquets of carnations. Mr. Richard Routledge, of Penketh,was the best man. The wedding party afterwards proceeded to the house of the bride's parents for the wedding breakfast, and later in the day Mr. and Mrs. Tilston left for the South of Ireland, where the honeymoon is being spent. The bride's travelling costume was of blue cloth, tailor made, with an embroidered collar of white cloth and moss green velvet, with a green feather hat. The happy pair were the recipients of an ex- ceptionally large number of handsome presents, includ- ing a dining-room clock from the employes of the Union Tanneries, Ltd. The bride's present to the bridegroom consisted of a travelling bag.

TIJI HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. WEEK E:k79lliG IST SEPEMEER, 1906. Total. Male. Female. Births Legitimate 43 23 25 „ Illegitimate 1 1 Deaths - 24 14 10 3

Excess of births over deaths, 25. The ages of mortality were :—TJader 1, ; 1-5, 4; 5-15, 2 ; 15-25, 2 ; 25-65, 5 ; 65 and upwards, 1. Total, 24. The deaths included: —3 from diarrham,l from phthisis, 1 from cancer, 1 from lung diseases, 2 from premature birth, 2 from accidents, 9 from all other causes. The following cases of infections disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever, 1 case; erysipelas, 2 cases. Number of patients in hospital :—Scarlet fever, Borough, 7 ; Newton, 2; total, 9. Enteric fever, Borough, 4; total 4. Other diseases Borough, 2 ; total, 20. Totals, Borough, 13 ; Newton, 2; totals,ls. J. G. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S CREAM CRACKERS.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0146.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CRISP AND CREAMY

===== 0002601_19060908_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
'EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

REVISION COURTS.

The Revision Courts for the Newton Division will be conducted by Mr. J. T. Foard, as follows :—Septem- ber 24th, at St. Helens and Rainhill ; 25th, Penketh and Warrington ; 29th, Town Hall, Newton, at 10-30, 3-30 and 6; 27th, Ashton-in-Makerfleld. 10-30, and 3-30 ; 28th, Golborne at 11 and Billinge 3-30 ; 29th, Haydock at 11a.m. VIADUCT INSTITUTE: EXAMINATION

RESULTS. The final list of results of this year's examinations is as follows :—Science—Building Construction : James Bedworth, stage I—lst class ; Harry Harris, stage I- 2nd. Applied Mechanics : Francis C. Chambers,Thotuas A. Clare, Fred Evett, George Spurling, Jos. Stringer, stage 1-2nd. Magnetism and Electricity: J. Pickett, Albert E. Sirett, stage 1-Ist ; Robert T. Ratcliffe, James H. Seddon, Albert H. Shaw,stage 1-2nd. Steam: Henry Sweetlove, stage 11-2nd ; Thomas Carter, Francis C. Chambers,Harold H. Marsh,James H. Seddon stage 1-Ist ; Percy Baxendale. Sidney F. Gould, Chas. Morris, George Spurling, Sidney 0. Tomlinson, Lawrence W. Wilkins. stage 1-2nd. Society of Arts— Bookkeeping: Arthur Fletcher. stage 111-2nd. Short- hand, Joseph L. Porter, stage ll—let Arthur Fletcher stage 11-2nd.

FACTORY ACT INFRINGEMENT. At Newton Petty Sessions on Thursday, Messrs. John Slee and Co., engineers,Earlestown, were summoned for an infringentent of the Factory Act.—lnspeotor Lewis said the proceedings were taken on one of the Inspector finding a led named Thomas Smith working in Messrs. Slee's works without being entered on the register of persons employed there. The law required that every youth employed for 7 days or more should have his name on the register and be certified by Dr. Watkins as fit for work. Failure to comply with this made the employer liable to a fine of £5. On the sth of July this lad was at work, and had been for six weeks without having been entered on the register at Slee said it was a clerk's mistake, and it was the first time in 25 years that he had had any complaint from the inspector It was quite an accidental omission.—Fined ss. and costs.

Mr. A. Healey presided over the meeting held in the Wiewick-street Co-operative Hall on Sunday. Mr Adcock of Manchester gave the address, with lessons from " The Pharisee and Publican ; their prayers and their results." The Pharisee felt his own importance and position, or exalted himself, which only abased him. On the other hand the poor Publican felt his own unworthiness. His Bias would not allow him to look up but he cried, " God be merciful to me, a Sinner." The latter was accepted the former rejected. So said A HUSBAND'S VIOLENCE. the speaker, they must not feel their own importance but rather remtmber their unworthiness. Then they William Henry Griffiths was brought up on remand at could look up to God, for all they needed—grace to help Newton Petty Sessions,charged with having been drunk mercy to love, inspiration for service. Mr. William g Hayes, and Mr. William Beswick took part in the meet- and disorderly on Thursday the 23rd, with doin damage to the extent of £1 2s. 6d.by breaking a window ing. Mr. W. H. Payton Mus. Bac , presided at the piano and four picture frames, and with only being guilty 'The Secretary announced the contribution to the organ. of breaking the window as to the second charge, claim- Fund was 18s. In consequence of the great heat then lug the pictures as his own, owing £4 Is. 6d to his was a rather small attendance.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
wife under a maintenance order.—Mr. J. W. Knowles who was instructed to prosecute,said the Bench granted Mrs.Grifhths a separation order last May. She had had one two years before, and with a view to getting back to her he reformed, went to chapel twice on a Sunday, and became a very good man for a time. But he was given to periodical drinking bouts, which were apt to last many months together. He began to drink again about the time of the election, last January, and had kept on continually since then. When in drink he became simply a madman, not responsible for what he did. At those times he always " went for "his wife— ' a most respectable woman, who had an income left her lby her late father. They had been well off, and would Ibe well off now, but for his drinking. The probability was that he would kill her one of these days. He had no right to go to her house, but he went and kicked at her door on the day named. She knew who it was, and she kept quiet. So he broke the front window, got in land damaged the pictures in the front room. If the I Bench would deal with the first charge he(Mr.Knowles) did not propose to go into the others. He asked the magistrates to bind him over under the Licensing Act, in two £lO or £5 sureties, or to send him to prison for I 6 months if he could not find sureties. Had he been convicted three times this year he would have asked them to send him to an Inebriates' Home ; they could not do that in the circumstances, but unless something could be done with him he would surely be a candidate for the galldpvs.—Evidence having been given, prisoner denied having been drunk and said he went to tell his wife that he was going abroad. As he got no answer he broke the window, got in and smashed four pictures which belonged to him—Prisoner was bound over,him- self in £2O and two sureties of £lO each to be of good behaviour for 12 months, the alternative being six months' imprisonment.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
ST, HELENS.

ST. HELENS APPOINTMENTS.

-•--- - The St. Helens Corporation and the Education Com- mittee have made a large number of appointments during the past few weeks, among which are the appoint- ment of Dr. Frances Harper, London, to be lady assist- ant medical officer ; Mr. H. Butler' Liverpool, to be art master ; Miss M, A. Ormand. Earlestown, to be cookery and laundry assistant at the Gamble Institute; Mr. J. H. Whiteley, Southport, to be French and English master ; and Mr. P. A. Morris, Salford, to be instructor for the manual training school. The lElementary Education Committee have reaffirmed the appointments sent back from the last monthly meeting, viz., Mr. T. G. Henderson, Lancaster, to be head master of Allanson-street Council School, at a salary of £l5O a year, and the appointment of Mr. T. Phillips, Windle School, to be head master of either the mixed depart- ment or the higher elementary department of the new Cowley Council Schools when they are erected. ST. HELENS COUNCILLORS' RETIREMENT.

At the conclusion of the Irish demonstration, held at the Volunteer Hall, St. Helens, on Monday, which was attended by a good number of priests, Father Barry announced that Dr. P. J. O'Keefe, who had presided at the meeting, would shortly retire from the Town Council. He also announced that Mr. P. J. O'Brien would be a candidate for the Central Ward in opposition to Councillor Walsh, And urged the Catholics to stand by Councillor J. A. Collins, who was threatened with opposition in liardshaw Ward. A year ago Dr. O'Keefe threw in his lot with the local Labour party, and took a prominent part in the return of Mr. T. Glover to Parliament When the Government brought in their Education Bill Dr. O'Keefe felt compelled, as a Catholic, to take a stand against the Bill, and it is evi- dent that the local Catholic AsSociationhave decided to run their own candidates and safeguard as far as possible their own interests. ST. HELENS NATIONALISTS.

- - On Monday night Mr. W. J. Duffy, the member of Parliament for South Galway, was the grincipal speaker at a demonstration of Gatholic Irishmen at St. Helens. He appealed to them to continue to give generous and whole-hearted support to the Nationalist cause. The leaders of the Irish party had drilled the public opinion of this country into an acknowledgment that Home Rule was the only possible solution for the Irish 1 National difficulty. The democracy of the land, as represented by various sections of the Liberal party in 1 the House of Commoas,had submitted a proposition that really covered the whole demand for Home Rule. They admitted that the worst possible form of government was that carried on in Ireland, and no responsible Government in any country, mach less England, com- mitting itself to that proposition could stop until they found a way of solving the difficulty to the satisfaction of the people qf Ireland. Having taken up the ques- tion, there was no stopping; they must at °rice con- cede to Ireland that measure of Home Rule which was enshrined in the bill of that great and far-seeing states- man Mr. Gladstone. (Applause.) Sir Antony Mac Donnell spoke of it in terms that showed it was there, and there it should remain. The speaker was confident that Home Rule would soon come.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
Si.. HELENS LABOUR DEMONSTRATION.

- -At a great Labour demonstration at St. Helens on Wednesday night I\lr. Seddon, the member for the Newton division, moved a resolution urging the necessity for all workers to join their trade union to secure better protection and to help in returning a larger number of independent representatives to all governing bodies. He reminded them that the Labour party had reduced the time working men had to wait for compensation after accidents, and said that had the Labour party done nothing else they had justified their existence as an independent force by forcing the hands of the Government to do justice to the British working man. They had forced upon the Government, too, the necessity of feeding school children. INIr. Thomas Glover, the member for St. Helens, said it seemed strange that in the twentieth century they had to urge upon workers the necessity of combining together. The improved conditions of labour were due to trade organisations. Capitalists organised to protect their own interests, and if it was right for capitalists to be organised, it was high time workers combined to protect their rights. Nfr. Wardle, the member for Stockport, said they could not emphasise too much the necessity for and the power that lay in trade unionism. Strikes, lockouts, and industrial i wars were not all there was n trade unionism. Was it not protection to the worker, and did it not act as his providence ? For the first time in the history of England they had a real live Labour party in the House of Commons, and they had great influence upon their fellows Cu the Continent and in America. He hoped they would see all Labour members under one banner

===== 0002601_19060908_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

-- St. Peter's Men's Bible Class.

An open service in connection with St.Peter' Men's Bible Class was held on Sunday afternoon in the church. The organ recitals by Mr. F. IL Darby constituted a great feature, and Miss L. Pllnston's rendition of " The Lost Chord '! was excellent. Miss Maud Hill sang well in " Ave Maria" and " The Holy City." During the , afternoon the Bev. Henry Russell delivered an address on" Music," A collection ..vas taken on behalf of the Church Pastoral Aid Society. Railway Servants' Church Parade. The annual parade in connection with the Warrington Branch of the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants was held on Sunday afternoon. A fairly large number assembled on the Town Hall lawn, and, headed by their band, proceeded to St. Paul's Church. The service was conducted by the Vicar (the Rev. \V. Bracecamp), who delivered an address, and the choir igave an excellent , rendering of the anthem, "The King of Love my . shepherd is,', Mr. Wilkes presiding at the organ. A collection was taken on behalf of the Society's Orphan and Benevolent Fund. In the evening the members ' attended service at the Working Men's Mission. Wesleyan Anniversary,

The anniversary services in connection with Bold— street Wesleyan Church were held on Sunday, and were ' well attended. Two addresses were • delivered in the morning and evening by the Rev. W. F. Mayer, of Bootle, to large congregations. The anthems, "0, Saviour of the world ' and "Judge me, 0 God," were rendered in admirable style by the choir, Mr. F. Hick- man presiding at the organ. At the close of each ser- vice, a collection was taken in aid of the trust funds, and ealized a good sum. Church of the Sacred Heart.—Choir Trip. The members of the Sacred Heart choir spent an enjoyable afternoon on Saturday when they visited Southport. Ihe afternoon was occupied in visiting the arcades motoring on the marine drive, rowing on the lake, L. At half-past four the party adjourned to Churchtown Gardens where tea was partaken of. A visit was then paid to the palm houses the Museum and other places of interest in the gardens. The return journey was commenced at 9.5, the choir arriving at Warrington shortly after ten o'clock. The weather was splendid, and the outing was voted a great success, thanks to the admirableearrangments of the choirmaster and conductor (Jr. John Gibbins). 'Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

[By " Ovalist.] Rugby football appears to have at last been dragged out of the slough into which,during the last few years, it has been cast by the well-intentioned but ill-advised actions of the controlling authority. The new rules give promise of improving the game almost out of recognition and those Warrington enthusiasts who were the first to advocate the alterations are now wearing contented smiles and indulging in expres- sions indicative of their satisfaction. They have every reason to feel not a little proud. The Northern Union game, as the result of the ineffectual muddlings of the Committee, was going down. It had been rendered unattractive by reason of its degeneracy into a long and monotonous succession of " scrums " and the spectators were crying out against it when Warrington stepped into the breach with proposals which have lifted it on to an altogether higher plane and made it indeed a game worth watch- ing. It is now fest—much faster than in the old days —and open to a degree beyond even the most sanguine predictions of the advocates of the change. The new touch rule caused some little confusion and though thekplayers as a rule avoided the pit-falls which it created there were occasional lapses of memory. Burgess in particular forgot himself and his careless- ness was the chief incident which led up to Warring- ton's opening try. Warrington were attacking when Burgess sought with a huge punt to relieve. The ball, however, found touch and the Leigh line was placed in even greater danger. Burgess made a mark near the posts and his kick again found touch. The players were ordered back to where Burgess kicked and from the scrummage Brooks crossed over. The forgetfulness of the players could, however, be excused, especially when the referee him- self ruled wrongly on the question. On one occasion he ordered a scrum near the Warrington line, when it should have been at the other end of the field, and Warrington would have been unjustly penalized had not Fish convinced him of his error.

The " play the ball " rule has perhaps more to do with the altered state of the game than any other of the drastic changes made by the N.U. Committee. By its operation the number of scrummages is reduced by fifty per cent., and the game is consequently more continuous. Pessimists arguing against the proposal urged that it would lead to rough play, but of this there was not the slightest suspicion on Saturday. In fact one of the principal features of the game was the absence of anything savouring of brute force. The tackling was vigorous but, generally speaking, strictly fair, and if all games are fought as clearly the sus- pension list be extremely light. Now as to the play and the weather.

It was hot. This remark applies almost equally to the game as to the weather, but is intended as a comment on the latter. On Friday perspiring pedes- trians gasped and mopped their heated brows, whilst ice and all things cool were at a premium. Persons whose business it is to study the weather, discovered that it was the hottest day we have experienced for something like thirteen years. Saturday was hotter still ! The sun shone fiercely from a cloudless sky, and at the football match the unique spectacle was presented of spectators beneath the shade bf the grand stand discarding coat and hat while watching the " winter game." When it was uncom- fortably warm even to remain quiescent it was not to be wondered that after half an hour's hard work the players looked limp and exhausted, and welcomed every stoppage of the game with evident relief. The only matter which occasioned surprise was that they stuck it so well and it speaks volumes for their preliminary training that many (lid not collapse altogether. --- As above stated the game was fast and entertaining though it was very largely confined to foot-work. Passing movements were at a discount and this was to be regretted, as, after all, nothings more attrac- tive and more exciting than to watctr the ball travel from hand to hand amongst a well-drilled set of backs. Only once in the afternoon were the spectstors treated to a tit-bit of this description and this was provided by Warrington. The play was proceeding near the Leigh line when Lees secured the ball which passed, through six pairs of hands and, ending at Brooks, was grounded over the line. The combination , was absolutely irresistible and the Warringtonians indulged in a pronounced chuckle at the expense of their friends. Unfortunately the effort was, so to speak, a mere flash in the pan and nothing of a like nature being again forthcoming, Warrington did not run up so big a score as their supporters confidently looked for. To come to the players and starting with the backs, Berry was one of the stars of the afternoon. His fielding was a thing to be wondered at especially as he hardly misjudged the ball in spite of the glaring sun. He kicked with great judgment and his tackling was effective. Altogether he was never in better foi in and so long as he keeps off the injured list Warrington need net be apprehensive as to the rear line of the defence. Another defender who stood out prominently was Taylor who, still as cool as ever—in the sense that he did not lose his head—brought off some brilliant saves when Berry was hard pressed Taylor also had particularly hard lines in not placing a try to his credit. During some loose play he stopped up and dribbling through the Leigh backs raced for the line with the ball at his toes. He had nearly achieved his object when he tripped and fell and from his lowly position watched the ball roll slowly over the dead line. The surprise of the afternoon was Brooks, who only stepped into the team at the last minute when he took the place of Harris. He worked like the pro- verbial nigger and where the fight was thickest there he was to be found. He is not generally regarded as a speedy man but the way be raced past Neville—a sprinter with a reputation—when he scored his second try was a revelation. Lees also opened the eyes of those who have questioned his right to partner Hockenhall. In fact he was even better than the old county man, who did some smart work and also trotted out some very poor stuff. The disappointment of the day was Fish, not that his play was so bad but one is accustomed to expect some- thing above the average from "Jack," and on Satur- day he was, if anything, a little below the mark. Whether he was oppressed by the heat it is difficult to say, but lie did not exert himself sufficiently and time after time S. Johnson completely beat him, a thing which few men can do. Toi Johnson's credit it must be said that he played well /Ind it is safe to predict that ere the season is much further advanced he will have placed a respectable number of tries to his credit. Of the forwards little need be said. To a man they played up well but if distinctions must be made the palm should go to Heath and Thomas whose dribbling powers are adapted to the new game. The front rank I would do well to study more closely the art of dribbling I and if they do this they will be equal to any six whom they will have to meet.

The result of the match was somewhat disappoint- ing, as undoubtedly Warrington ought to have won. At one time they led by eight points, when for some unaccountable reason they " eased up " towards the close, a fact which Leigh ..vere not blow to take advan- tage of, with the result that a draw was declared. It would be well for them to remember in the future not to !slacken their efforts until the whistle has gone, for as Leigh showed, a great deal can happen in the last few minutes, and the least carelessness might on another occasion result in defeat.

Warrington to-day (Saturday) entertain Hull on the Wilderspool enclosure and on paper should register a victory, hut one never knows. Hull, no matter what their previous form has been, generally manage to give Warrington a good game and there is every pros- pect of an attractive afternoon's play. Warringt'm place the same team in the field as that which did duty against Leigh and this can be regarded as the strongest thirteen which could be played—provided the left wing shows a little improvement, especially in defence. The team selected is : Berry, full back ; Fish, Isherwood, Taylor and Brooks, threequarters ; Hockenhall and Lees, halves ; Preston, Thomas, Boardman, Naylor, Harmer and Heath, forwards.

The" A "team have opened the season well and in a friendly with Widnes Rangers on Saturday had everything their own way. If their present form can be maintained there is every prospect of last year's excellent record being equalled. The second string includes several very promising youngsters whose effort stamp them as future first team reserves of a high standard. One is Boardman a youthful forward who promises to faithfully uphold the traditions associated with the name which be bears.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

Bowlers of Warrington will this (Saturday) afternoon almost naturally gravitate in the direction of Bank Quay where a battle of local giants is promised. The attraction is afforded in connection with the War- rington Works Association the finals of whose team competitions will be decided. In the contest proper an exciting struggle is to be looked for. Neither of the two teams—Flether's and Ryland's (No. I)—were expected to survive the semi-final, both having to meet combinations whose efficiency had in the past secured them the championship, but each rose manfully to the occasion and delighted and surprised their anxious supporters by emerging triumphant from the ordeal.

In the first mateh of the semi-final, which was decided last Saturday, there was a sporting finish which delights the heart of the trundler, the issue being in doubt, so to speak, until the last wood to be bowled lay in close proximity to the block. The teams were P. and K., last years champions, and who greatly fancied their prospects, and Rylands (No. 1), a combination who had figured with consistent success throughout the progress of the tournament. P. and K. started with flying colours, Gleave registering a victory of 15-7 over Holbrook, but a foretaste of the excititing struggle which was to follow was immediately afforded when Roughley, running away from H. Bmnett succeeded in reversing the lead. Then followed a game brimful of excitement. Alternate)y each team claimed the advantwge, until after seven players had tried con- clusions, when P. .and K. had apparently established themselves in a strong position by cla,ining atotal score of 94 as against SO compiled by their opponents.

Rvlands were however by no means beaten, and led by A. Shaw they showed that P. and K. were not out of the wood. In seven ends Shaw led by 10-1, and a like number ends later he had,won 15-5, and the totals stood at 95-99. Dismay was occasioned by J. Shaw's non- success against R. Rothwell, and the P. and K. star was once more in the ascendant. Rylands, however, still numbered some resolute men amongst their ranks, and Wells after a long fight with Ball was accounted the victor. Still P. and K. held the advantage, and though Wood succeeded in reducing their lead by one point two marks separated the teams when the last two men were on the green. J. Worsley after an indifferent start ran to 11-S, and P. and K. were almost beginning to cheer over victory when disaster came. Three points only were required to send them on to the final, but they were never registered. Monks found his length and with well placed woods crept from S-11 to 15-11. Worsley made a game fight but Monks appreciated his responsibility, and right manfully did he discharge it. He was the hero of the match, and, in fact, of the after- noon.

Fletcher's were able to record a &ore crushing victory over L. and N.-W. Opening with a win of 15-5 they maintained their lead until the fourth game when R. Marrow succeeded in wresting it from them. When the match was half over they were still behind but they were not to be denied. Wood stepped into the breach and winning 15-8 placed his side a few points ahead. Having again tested the joys of being able to regard a balance of points in their in their favour. Fletcher's did not allow any chances to slip by unobserved and in the end won by 161 to 145. In the final they will need to bring all their resources into play to defeat Rylands and though to prophesy is risky I do not think they will succeed. However time alone will show whether I am right and in any event which everside loses I am certain it will not be disgraced.

Rylands are also in high favour as prospective winners of the consolation competition though on Saturday they only beat Monks Hall by five points. However a miss is as good as a mile and to-day they intend putting up a good fight. The other matches decided last week were between Whitecross (No. 1) and Greenings, and Orford Tannery and Castle Rubber and were both some- what one sided, the first-named teams in each case winning with ease.

The semi-final and final for the consolation prizes will also be decided this afternoon when in the first the teams will bo Lokgford v. Orford Tannery, and Rvlands (1) and Whitecross (No. 1 The prizes will be presented at the conclusion of the play. The proceed- ings will commence at two o'clock.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
Swimming.

An interesting stage in connection with the Warring- ton Works Squadron competition for the Gilbert Greenall challenge shield was reached on Thursday, when the semi-final was decided in the Legh-street baths. Fletcher's and Pearsm and Knowles were the first to meet, and Pearson and Knowles were by far the better team and won by a length. Corporation and Monks Hall had a better fight, but Monks Hall claimed the victory by a few yards. According to the times which were registered Pearson and Knowles ought to win the final, but in any case it will be a race well worth watching.

There was an additional item of interest at Thurs- day's proceedings in the shape of a polo match between Warrington and Liverpool City in connection with the second division of the Liverpool and District League. In the first few minutes Pemberton got away and passed • to Allen whose shot just tipped the bar. Play in the first half was fast and interesting and each end was visited in quick succession. C. Ashton repeatedly had hard lines and half tints arrived with no score. In the second stage the game was evenly contested but Liver- pool were quicker to take advantage of openings and Vates,for themscored the only tw4 goals n f the match. The score hardly rvresented the play and Warrington had to thank their weak shooting for their defeat.

cycling. Saturday was observed by the members of the Warrington Cycling Club as President's Day and Ladies' Day. The weather was ideal for the fixture and 3:5 members and lady friends turned up at Chester, where the journey was continued by steamer to Eccleston Ferry. Here an excellent tea was provided, after which , the health of the President, Mr. John Naylor, was ! heartily drank. Both the outward and the return journeys wore enlivened by songs, glees, &c.. given by the members of the W.C.C.Pierrot Troupe. Warrington was reached again about 10 o'clock after ons of t 13,0 most enjoyable outings of the season.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
Cricket.

Interest in cricket is now almost blow vanishing point but it is lo ha regretted that the Warrington Club is closing the season by indifferent displays. On Saturday they were soundly trounced by Preston who rather spoiled the record of one of the most successful seasons in the history of the Club.

Walker's Brewery closed their season on Saturday with an easy victory over Lostock Gralam. After dis- missing their opponents for 12 runs they piled up s. score of SI, J. Dargan being the highest scorer with 21 it is also worthy of note that he took five wickets for two runs.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF JUDGE BOWEN ROWLANDS.

We announce with deep regret— which will be shared by many of our readers—the death of his Honour Judge Bowen P.owlands, K.C., the esteemed County Court Judge of Circuit No. 7., which took place in London on Tuesday evening after a com- paratively brief illness. Of late his Honour's health had been indifferent and his duties had been die- charged at various times by members of the Liver- pool Bar, including Mr. Hanbury Aggs, Mr. Cuthbert Smith, Mr. Stewart Brown, and Mr. W. H. Oulton. For some little time he had retired for a recreative rest to his London residence, 00, Kensington- mansions, where he passed away. By many Warring- ton people the .news of his death will be received with genuine regret for <luring the six years that he had occupied the Bench at the War- rington County Curt his Honour had by his tact, courtesy and geniality endeared himself to those whose lot it was to be associated with him in the dis- charge of his arduous duties. He 'was a thorough gentleman and an able and painstaking judge, ready to hear with the utmost patience any case brought before him—no matter how tedious. He was of a kindly and sympathetic disposition, conscientious to a degree, and all who appeared at his Court had confi- dence that his decisions were always given with a desire to be scrupulously fair. Judge Rowlands was born in 1839, and was the eldest son of the late Thomas Rowraiids, J.P., of Glen- over, Pembroke. He was educated at Jesus College, Oxford, and graduated as B.A. in 1857, and took his M.A. in 1809. He was called to the bar in 1871, and was made a Q.C.'in January, 1881, and a bencher of his Inn in April of the same year. Judge Rowlands was formerly leader of the South \Vales and Chester Circuit, and was a lay member (by nomination of the Catholic Bishops) of the Catholic Schools Committee, and a J.P. for Cardigan, Haverfordwest, and Cheshire. In July, 1883, he successfully contested, in the Liberal , interest, the Parliamentary vacancy in Cardiganshire„ I which constituency he represented till July 1895. The late Judge had been recorder of Swanseasince 1893, and Judge of the County Court Circuit No. 7 since November, 1900. Judge Rowlands held courts at Altrincham, Birkenhead, Leigh, N.orthwich, Warring- ton, Winsford, and Runcorn, with. jurisdiction in bankruptcy at Birkenhead and Warrington. Amongst other positions of dignity held by him, and filled with great satisfaction, was the n.lastership of Gray's Inn Library, his extensive .acquaintance with legal know- ledge having marked him out for the position. An enthusiastic educationist, he was nominated by the Roman Catholic Bishop as a layman on the Catholic ;Education Council.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0157.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MINIM

11=51161

===== 0002601_19060908_art0158.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- ws '

===== 0002601_19060908_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T DELAY IF YOU FEEL "OUT OF SORTS."

Or if you have a friend whose constitution has been weakened, whether by overwork of brain or body, by exposure to the weather, by working long hours in ill-ventilated rooms, by recent sickness, or by any cause tending to weaken the bodily powers ; in a word, if be is one who suffers from any form of complaint which may be the result of any of the above or similar causes; if, for instance, you can see that he is troubled with , Indigestion, the bane of our Country and of modern i civilization; or, if you think he has Low Spirits, that sure sign of some Nervous Disorder, bringing in its train a host of other complaints such as Melancholy, Lassitude eco., or, perhaps, Neuralgia, and frequently, Sleeplessness, which of itself is sufficient to weaken the trongest constitution, and to make life a burden; or, if being free from these, he is regarded by his friends o^ himself as being of a delicate constitution, subject to Bronchitis, Coughs, Colds, a tendency to Consumption, or other Chest Affections, and if he, like thousands of others, failed to get relief from other remedies,tell him he need not be disheartened, that there is one Remedy whose virtues are so great, that it has succeeded where others have failed, and that there is hope he may be cured,as thousands of others have been cured before him by making a sensible and timely Use of Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. If your friend then gives it a fair trial, he will be fully convinced, as others have been, that this is the Best Remedy of The , Age. Von or your friend may ask What is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters ?" It is a Preparation now extensively taken throughout the country by patients suffering from Debility, Nervousness, and General Exhaustion, and if any value be attached to human testimony, the efficacy of this medicine has been suc- cessfully established. Its claims have been tested and proved by the medical profession and others, and corro- borated by the written testimonials of eminent man. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters contain not only as suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose, but the active principles of the following well-known herbs— Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Lavender, Burdock, and Dandelion. The use of Quinine is well kown but it has never been satisfactorily combined with these preparations, until after overcoming considerable difficulties, the proprietor was able to secure a perfectly uniform preparation, combining all the essential properties of the above plants in their greatest purity and concentration. It is now estab- lished as a family merlicine,and is increasing in popular favour the more it is known and tested. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a tonic " Pick-me-up" scientifically mixed in happy proportions. Sold everywhere in bottles, 2s. 9d. and 4s. Gd. each. Should any difficulty be experienced in procuring Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it will be forwarded carriage free for the above prices by the Sole Pro- prietors : The Quinine Bitters Manufactui ing, Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. We particularly caution our readers against imitators, and impress upon them the importance of always seeing that the name " Gwilym Evans "is on the Label, Stamp, and Bottle, without which none is genuine.

Railway Clerks' Association. A meeting of the members of the Railway Clerks' Association was held at the Royal Court Hotel, Rylands-street, on Monday night; Alderman W. J. West, ex-Mayor of Battersea, described the work done by railway clerks, and what the association had done f w their benefit. He appealed to those who were not already members of the association to join the ranks, and by so doing help forward reforms which were greatly needed. They wanted their clerks to have justice, which up to the present they had not got. The only thing they could do to help themselves was by co-operation, and he appealed to them to do their best in that direction. The association wanted to obtain a living wage for the clerks, and their pro- gramme was that the minimum in London should be 30s. a week, and in the country from 263. to 28s. a week.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
HISTORIC HEALING. -

Ideals of Ancient Greece Realised In Zam-Buk—" Back to Nature !"

The story of how the proprietors of Zarn-Buk were induced to seek for and perfect such a healing balm, and the ideals which they kept before them throughout the years of experimentation which preceded its intro- duction to the public, provides interesting and instruc- tive reading. In the first place,it was recognized that modern oint- ments, salves, and liniments were failing to meet the needs of the people because they were made up of rancid animal fats or mineral products, These ingre- dients are too coarse to do the average skin any good at all, and some are so unsuitable for their purpose as to be really dangerous. At the outset, therefore it was decided that no unnatural ingredient should be used. Nature it was argued, had herself given to man the instinct to rub a place that hurts, and she should provide the ingredients. Along this line much encouragement was gleaned from the customs of ancient Greece. The splendid athletes and gladiators of that day, in particular, used healing oils and balms regularly, and they were invari- ably prepared from vegetable products. The housewife or breadwinner of to-day, who needs a bandy healer at home almost as much as the ancient Greek did after his mad chariot races and fierce contests, would do well to follow his example and stick close to Nature. This is exactly what you do if you pin your faith to Zam-Buk, as hundreds of thousands of people in all parts of the world are doing to-day. In the production of Zarn-Bak all animal fats, mineral poisons, and doubtful substances have been rigidly avoided, and the ideals of Ancient Greece have been realised by strict adherence to the motto : "Back to Nature." Certain rich herbs and shrubs were taken, and from these were extracted pure gums and juices possessing I the various medicinal properties necessary to make up a perfect skin-healer. The correct combination and concentration of these essences was only secured after lengthy experiments, but when Zam-Buk was finally put upon the market, in the closing years of last century, honest effort met with its reward in the hearty reception which everywhere greeted the new healing balm. Zam-Buk met a need which every householder had felt for decades.and to-day there are few indeed who do not know its purity and power—its excellence as a handy healer for the cuts, bruis3s, burns, and scalds that are of everyday occurrence, and its wonderful curative effect in cases of rashes, eruptions, and skin diseases. Keep a box handy in our home—the 2s. 9d. size contains nearly four times the is. lid. Of all chemists, or post free from the Zam-Buk Co., 4, Red Cross-street, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
EX-MAYOR'S TRAGIC END.

• Atk, " ,

,

At the inquest on Wednesday on Mr. Fred Seymour Morgan, ex-Mayor of Winchester, who was on Tuesday found dead in his room from a bullet wound, it was stated that the deceased had much changed since his mayoralty, and that he had lately been considerably depressed, never seeming the same since an attack of influenza. The head constable said he was worrying over financial matters. A bullet from a revolver had penetrated the brain. The jury returned a verdict of " Suicide while of unsound mind." TORTURING SEASIDE DONKEYS.

In a case at Scarborough on Wednesday, in which 'George Cass, aged nine, a donkey-boy, was summoned for sticking a 4-inch pin into a donkey on Scarborough sands, Inspector Jowett said the practice:of sticking pins and darning needles into donkeys to make them run had become very prevalent. He agreed to the case being withdrawn on the boy's father undertaking to chastise him

411. it ill ' ,11 _ - ,14 pill - , • steftlZlT (1 4 1 _ F • ' - - • or,z : • . ; . COLIVIAN'S STARCH \ A tonic for shirts and collars. - ft,

===== 0002601_19060908_art0162.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19060908_art0163.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
N \\

===== 0002601_19060908_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYOR'S AUDITOR.

SHOULD HE BE PAID?

Interesting Discussion at the Town Council Meeting.

Thu interesting question as to whether it is legal for a member of the Town Council to receive payment for his work as Mayor's auditor was raised at the meeting of the Warrington Town Council on Tuesday evening. The Finance and Estate Committee reported the receipt of the following report signed by the Mayor's Auditor and by one of the elective auditors, which they ordered to be entered on the minutes : Warrington, 17th August, 1906. To the Mayor, Alder- men and Burgesses of the County Borough of Warring- ton. Gentlernen,—Borough Audit.—We beg to report that we have audited the accounts of the various departments of the Corporation for the year ending I 31st March, 1906, and certify them to be correct. The deeds relating to the properties in possession of the 'Corporation have been produced to us. We desire to place on record that we find the accounts kept in a very satisfactory manner.—Yours faithfully, W. J. WILSON, Mayor's Auditor ; LAURENCE BOLTON, elective auditor. The report of Mr. E. England, elective auditor (which has already appeared in the "Examiner ") was also read and ordered to be entered on the minutes.

Alderman BENNErr, in moving the confirmation of the minutes of the Finance Committee, said Mr. England's report was a long one, but it contained many points of interest, and he called the special attention of the Council to it because coming from an independent official like Mr. England it was not without interest to the inhabitants of the town generally. First, as to property purchasing, Mr. England said :—" I have examined the deeds and ascertained the sums paid for the various properties bought by the Corporation during the past twenty years. I am of opinion that on the whole the purchases are judicious ones, and in the best interests of the town. These properties have not only included those required for street-widening purposes, but also many 'slum ' properties, which very properly have been and are being demolished." Alluding to the question of " Horse hire, cartage, conveyances, &c.," Mr. England wrote :—" In going through the various accounts, ono cannot help being struck with thelarge amount paid for the hire of horses, carts, and cabs. Two departments alone have spent £1,190 12s. 10d. and £l,OOO 12s. 3d. respectively for these items, and altogether over £3,000 is spent year after year in this respect. To those who understand finance they will easily see that .£3,000, capitalized to a Corporation, means a very large amount. I have, therefore, come to the conclusion that not only could a considerable sum be saved to the town, but employment found under superior conditions than at present exists for men who would become Corporation employes. In addition, con- siderable time would be saved as well to various depart- ments in preparing specifications, kc., for work required to be done, and also a good deal of labour saved to the Council in considering tenders and accepting contracts." The work would also be better and more efficiently done. The matter was, said Alderman Bennett, one of some importance, and personally he was very much in symplthy with the general idea which underlay Mr. England's remarks. The only question was whether horse hire could be more economically managed by the Corporation than it was under the present system. He was told that on one or two occasions the committee I bad tried to run the department with their own horses, but had not seen any advantage from it. However, it was a matter which warranted further inquiry. Certainly the principle was sound. but the great difficulty was that the work of the Corporation fluctuated. Then Mr. England alluded to the financial status of the Corpora- tion in the following terms :—"The financial position of the Corporation is undoubtedly sound. It has been my lot and privilege for many years to have been in close touch with public men and public offices of other towns, and have no hesitation in saying that the War- rington Corporation financially compares very favour- ably with others. Most of the undertakings are in a remunerative condition and various economies have been effected. The policy of your predecessors and of some of you, therefore, in purchasing these and also in introducing new undertakings, and thus bringing them under public control and management instead of being in private hands, has thus proved to have been a wise and sound one and has contributed greatly in many ways to the prosperity of the town." That opinion was not without its value. The Council had been criticised unmercifully, and at times unfairly, in reference to many of these matters in the past, and such an opinion from a man who was not, he believed, at the outset pre-disposed to view the affairs of the Council too favourably, but who said the Corporation had done well, was something to be proud of, (Hear, hear.) Councillor FULTON SMITH seconded the confirmation of the minutes. Councillor STOTT said he wished to refer to the report of the auditors. The MAYOft : What is the use of bothering? They are auditors—not critics.

Councillor Stott said they owned their horses in the nightsoil department, and it paid them, and if it paid them to do it in that department why should it not pay in another ? For permanent work they ought, he con- tended, to engage their own horses. The only argument offered against that course was that when the Corpora- tion owned horses the animals used to die. (Laughter.) It appeared that they must never die_ under private ownership. (Laughter.) He should like a report on the matter to be presented either to the Council or to the General Purposes Committee. Councillor Lord rose to speak, but . .

The MAYOR interposed, rind said he did not know whether be would be in order in doing so. Councillor LORD : But the matter is mentioned on the minutes. If you allow an Alderman to speak on the auditors' report you should allows Councillor to do so. The MAYOR : But it is only one man's opinion how to carry on the business of the Corporation. Councillor PEMBERTON : The matter is on the agenda. The INIAYort : It does not matter whether it is or not. Go ahead. I don't want to sit here two hours discussing anyone's opinion as to whether the Council is right or wrong. Councillor LORD then raised a protest against the payment of the Mayor's auditor, and asked if the accounts totalling £22,000 which had been passed for payment by the Finance Committee includod payment of the Mayor's auditor.

The DEPUTY TOWN CLERK: Yes. The MAYOR: That is all right. I employ him and he ought to be paid. Councillor LORD said he understood the payment waf contrary to the provisions of "The Municipal Corpora- tions Act, 1892-3," which distinctly stated that no member of the Council should receive a profit for any services rendered. They had fought against this in the past, and they must be consistent, and oppose the payment again, lie moved as an amendment that the payment of the Mayor's Auditor be not agreed to. The MAYOR : You are out of order. The amount is paid to the three auditors and they divided it amongst themselves. Councillor LORD : I understand they receive the amount separately. The MAYOR : The Deputy Town Clerk tells me that it is perfectly legal, and that it is always done. Councillor LORD : it is a matter. of opinion.... .

The DEPUTY TOWN CLERK : Perhaps yOU will hear my opinion. Councillor LORD : T do not object to hoar your opinion now provided lam allowed to give my own opinion afterwards. _ _

'The DEPUTY TOWN CLERK : I think after you have heard my opinion that you will not think it necessary to move any resolution. The Mayor's Auditor is not paid for auditing the borough accounts at all. He is not paid under the Municipal Corporations Act. He does not receive a penny, nor do the other auditors. He is paid under The Public Health Act. He is not an officer appointed by the Corporation, but by the Mayor. Councillor LORD : And the Mayor is the head of the Corporation. The DEPUTY TOWN CLERK : He is the head of the Corporation, and it especially provides in The Munici- pal Corporations Act that the Mayor's auditor shall be a member of the Council. He is not pflid under The Municipal Corporations Act at all. Councillor LORD : Jam very much obliged to the Deputy Town Clerk for what he has just told us. I understand that the Mayor's Auditor is paid under the Public Health Act, 1875,—passed prior to the Municipal Corporation Act,—which distinctly states that" where an urban authority are the Council of a borough they shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, exercise and execute their powers, authorities and duties under this Act according to the laws for the time being in I force, with respect to municipal corporations in Eng- land," so that " The Public Health Act "is really sub- servient to "The Municipal Corporations Act." The Municipal Corporations Act " is more recent, and it distinctly states that "a person shall be disqualified from being elected and from being a councillor if and while he holds any office or place of profit other than that of the Mayor or sheriff, or has employment with by, or on behalf of the Council." I think that is very clear. It is certainly very clear to my mind, and must protest against the payment to the Mayor's auditor. I shall move an amendment to this minute by a reduction of the amount set aside to be paid to the Mayor's Auditor. Councillor PEMBERTON seconded, and said there was not the slightest doubt, with all due respect to the Deputy Town Clerk, that no member of the Council could receive any monies or profit from the Corpora- tion. If the Mayor liked to give his auditor payment out of his own pocket, he could do so. That was a different matter altogether. (Laughter.) The MAYOR : I don't know whether that would be legal. Would it ? Councillor PEMBERTON : Oh, yes. The MAvort. : lam afraid you would find chapter and verse for that—that it was bribery and corruption. (More laughter.) Councillor PF.MBERTON : Not at all. Continuing, he said he did not think there was the slightest possible

===== 0002601_19060908_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
The Exa

,min

doubt that "The Municipal Corporations Act "was very distinct, and that no money belonging to the ratepayers should be paid to a member of the Council. He must not receive any profit. It was true that some towns had paid, but it did not follow in consequence that it was legal. Many towns did not pay the Mayor's auditor. Councillor WRIGHT contended that the matter was ; really worth further consideration, but at the present time he felt inclined to vote for the minutes as they i stood. In future he should advise his friends on his right (Councillors Lord and Pemberton) to take the auestion up at some other time. What was done in Warrington was, he believed, done throughout the country. (A Voice : " No.") Councillor Loan: More towns don't pay than those who do. Councillor WRIGHT said that the salary had been paid in Warrington up to the present moment. This question had been raised at a previous meeting of the Council, but no effort had been made to stop a recurrence of it, and he thought that until that had been done it would be hardly fair to try to spring this question upon them, like it had been, after the work had been done. The payment might well be allowed to pass on that occasion, at any rate, and they would take the matter into consideration before there was another audit. Alderman TINNION considered the work of the auditor had been done very efficiently, at any rate, for some considerable time, and particularly by the present occupant of the office, who had done his work as well as the two other auditors. Whether it was under the Public Health Act or the Municipal Corporations Act, he did not know, but still the sum was received. The Mayor's Auditor had done his work well and should have any pay he was entitled to. The Mayor's Auditor had always been paid in Warrington. They had had advice on the matter from the Deputy Town Clerk, whose opinion he was quite prepared to take. He thought it was hardly gracious to raise the matter in that public manner. He believed the Town Clerk had taken counsel's opinion on the matter. (A Voice : " No.") Well, he believed that Mr. Whittle had done so, and had found the payment quite legal ; he was speaking from memory. Under the circumstances he was prepared to support the passing of the minutes, and if the matter had to be raised, let it be raised in the proper form. It was all very well to say that this Objection was raised as a protest and for principle. Perhaps it was. At any rate, ha was prepared to sup- port the passing of the minutes. I Councillor PEMBERTOg observed that the Mayor's late auditor (the Deputy Mayor) never received a penny. Therefore Councillor Lord had taken the earliest opportunity of objecting. The Mayon : Alderman Bennett received payment when he was Mayor's Auditor, and it was only when Mr. Parr asked Mr. Fairclough to take the office that that gentleman did not accept payment. He did not want to have the trouble.

Alderman TINNION : -bid he do the work? The MAYOR : No, he didn't. Councillor WILKINSON said that during the sitting of the Investigation Committee, some time ago, there was a charge levelled against Alderman Bennett and Mr.A.J. Jolley that they had received moneys improperly, for acting as Mayor's auditors. Legal opinion was taken, and it was found' to be a fact that the payment was perfectly in order. Councillor PEMBERTON : Who was the counsel ? Councillor WruciNsas : I am not here to answer your " tommy rot." (Laughter.) Continuing he said that the audit fee of the Corporation was £9O and if the Mayor's auditor received nothing, the same amount would be divided between the elective auditors. The MAYOR explained that he decided he would not appoint Councillor Wilson unless he received payment. He did not want him to work for him for nothing. Alderman SMETHURST said he should support the minutes, as he felt quite clear, after the statement which had been made by the Deputy Town Clerk that they would not be doing an illegal Act in paying the Mayor's Auditor. Alderman BENNETT, said that when he was appointed Mayor's auditor he had the same impression as Coun- cillor Pemberton that it wae not legal for any member of the Council to receive a monetary reward, and he said he could not undertake the work, but Mr. Whittle advised him that the Mayor's Auditor was an exception to the rule, and that his payment was held to be legal by the highest authorities. On those terms he accepted office. When the agitation commenced he (Alderman Bennett) raised the point again, and it was held most emphatically that the payment was perfectly legal, and that opinion had now been fortified by the Deputy Town Clerk. He believed he was stating the fact when he declared that , Mr. Whittle had taken counsel's opinion, and that he was also fortified by the opinion of the Association of Municipal Corporations. It was idiotic to expect a man to give the necessary time to the duties of the office without being paid for it; it was absurd to expect him to give three or four weeks of his time without receiving anything for the work. He (Alderman Bennett) could not afford to do so, and he did not think any other business man could. It was absolutely monstrous to expect a man, in addition to his ordinary work as a councillor—with the addition of late years of the work connected with the Electricity and Tramways Dapartments—to do the work he had named effectually unless he was paid.He spoke of Alderman Fairclough with the greatest respect and admiration, and he was sorry he was not present owing to ill-health, but the Deputy- Mayor on being approached, very properly and sensibly said "I don't object to filling the position nominally, but lam not going to do the work," and the other auditors did the work and got the fee. Councillor Wilson had done the work, and it was contrary to all reason and fair play to expect him to do it for nothing. The demands of big municipalities on the time of Councillors were becoming so great and serious that it might eventually become a question whether men could do the ordinary Council work without remuneration. Until they had a new race of philanthropists rich men who had no living to make, they would either have to be satisfied with a reasonable modicum of time given by members of the Corporation or place the affairs of Conn- roils on an entirely different footing. (Hear, hear.) He had alway said the law was a "bass " (Laughter). In this ease, however, he believed the law was on their side, so that it was not a " bass "for once. (Laughter). At the present time there was considerable agitation as to the importance of the duties of auditors and the committee on Municipal Trading had made some very sensible recommendations to the effect that qualified professional accountants should do the work, and be considered officials of the Corporation. That, he believed, would be the ultimate solution. On a vote being taken only Councillors Lord, Pemberton, Cunnington, Wilding and Ashcroft voted for the amendment which was therefore lost. The minutes were then approved.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT WARRINGTON NEWS.

News becomes of personal importance to us when it touches on personal interests. This experience of a Warrington woman deals with the matter of the gravest importance to many of us. "I have received so much benefit from Doan's back- ache kidney pills that I am glad to give a testimonial for them," says Mrs. J. Gleace, 33, Lord Nelson-street Warrington, " so that others may know the value of the medicine. "For two years or more I was a dreadful sufferer from dropsy and kidney complaint. Nly bod3t swelled, also my legs, and my back was so weak and painful that I could not get upstairs without stopping to rest. When was in bed, the pains were so severe that I could not turn ; my breath was short, and there were pains round my heart ; in fact, I felt ill in every way. None of the medicines I took did me the least good, and when I was advised to try Doan's backache kidney pills, I did so. These pills have made quite a new woman of me ; the swellings have gone away, and the pains have left me. I feel sure that Doan's pills have cured me. I have told many people of the great benefit, Doan's pills have brought me. (Signed). Jane Gleave." Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are two shillings and ninepence per box (six boxes for thirteen shillings and ninepence. Of all chemists and stores, or post free, direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W. Mrs. Gleave was cured by Doan's ; be sure that you get "Doan's."

===== 0002601_19060908_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
The Late Mr. Henry Taylor.

Speaking of the late Mr. H. S. Taylor, the " Holy Trinity Parish Magazine " says :—" He always had work on hand and was always ready to take up new work. In addition to his work as Police Court Missionary, to which he gave his whole heart, he did a great deal for our parish, as indeed he did for other parishes in the town as occasion required. He was, however, chiefly interested in the Factory Yard Mission, and the general oversight that be took, of the mission services there will make Ms death severely felt in that part of our work. That he should so suddenly be taken away in the midst of the work that he loved cannot be otherwise regarded than as a gain to himself, , though a source of sorrow to us and especially to his poor wife, whose health renders her not very fit to battle with the world alone. That God may comfort and support her will be, we are sure, the prayer of those who have known her excellent husband.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING STREET ACCIDENT.

Henry Pennington, aged seventy-two, of 39, Water- street, died in the Providence Hospital, St. Helens, on Saturday afternoon, after being injured a week previously. Pennington was infirm and very short- sighted and deaf. On Saturday, August 25th, he was crossing the road in Tontine-street, and failed to notice a milk float belonging to James Whalley, of 185, Clipsley-lane, Haydock. The shaft struck the old man down and fractured his ribs, and, after lingering a week death took place at the hospital.*

• ?;-.4 .t.,,f,x:1144;,t.t,.:_•2;:.'

-

===== 0002601_19060908_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
er, Saturday, September 8, 1906. SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

HOW TO KEEP OFF SUNSTROKE.

Whether on land, on the hills, or by the sea- shore, the colour of the outer garments, says Science Siftinge, materially affects body and brain when they are exposed to the rays of the sun. An orange-coloured lining to the hat will remove much of the danger of sunstroke. The red ray is the one which is responsible for many sunstrokes. When the brain is protected flora this pernicious ray, one of the chief sources of danger is removed.

TURPENTINE FUMES FOR INFLUENZA. The United States Consul to Frankfort, Ger- many, says that during an epidemic of influenza prevalent in the vicinity it was found that work- men in a certain watch factory, exposed to evaporating oil of turpentine, seemed to be pro- tected from the disease. Since then oil of tur- pentine has been always evaporated in that fac- tory upon a stove, and not a case of influenza has ever occurred there. This preventive mea- sure is successfully employed in dwellings, and the inhaling of watery vapour with oil of tur- pentine is said to act favourably on the affected respiratory organs.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
LONG LIFE FOR THE EARTH.

That the earth will be habitable for 100,000,000 years to come is the belief of Dr. Thomas C. Chamberlin, a well-known geologist. He de. clares that climatic phenomena and temperature conditions of the last 100,000,000 years warrant him in offering his optimistic prophecy. His basis for the theory of perpetuity for human life is his own "planetesimal hypothesis" that the world is not gradually cooling from a ball of fire, but has gradually grown in size by absorb- ing other smaller masses of matter. The earth- quake is really only a trivial phenomenon of the earth. The great question for us, he argues, is no,. what disasters impend, but what agencies are likely to perpetuate life. The human race really has just come into possession of the earth. The fact that the rocks and the animals have had their eras of prosperity is the basis for his belief that we have millions of years before us.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTROLLING FLOWER COLOURS.

It is generally known that the colours of vegetation vary in intensity in a direct ratio to the amount of sunlight combined with coolness of temperature, within certain limits. Examples are the intense redness of apples grown in north- ern climates, and the deep colours of Alpine vegetation. But the soil, and other influences, also have an effect upon plant colours. Mr. Henry Kriemer has experimented upon the arti.' ficial control of the colours of plants through he introduction of chemicals into the soil they grow in. In very small quantities such chemicals are absorbed without apparent injury, but the et bet upon the colours is slight. "Yellow roses, for in- stance, appeared to become deeper in cobur under the influence of aluminium sulphate and potassium sulphate. With the use of these same chemicals the petals of the white .carnation shewed a tendency to develop red streaks, where- as when fed with ammonium sulphate, alumi- nium sulphate, iron citrate; and citrio acid, scar. let carnations tended to form white streaks.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW THE TELEPHONE WAS BORN.

This momentous invention was, as so many other great inventions have been, the result of experiments made in connection with something I quite different. Professor Bell, whilst Professor of Vocal Physiology in ,Boston University, turned his attention to multiplex telegraphy. One day, we are told, a wira snapping in two sent a sound through another wire which had attached to each end a thin sheet-iron disc ti few inches in circumference. Could that sound be repeated? Experiment gave an affirmative answer. Then arose the important query, "Could vocal sounds be transmitted thus?" A parchment diaphragm with it sheet-iron button in the centre was stretched across the mouth of a thin metal cylinder about 3in. in diameter. A glimpse inside that metal tube would .have shewn us features not unknown in to-day's perfected re- ceiver—two magnets with poles wound with wire and, between the magnets, a small strip of soft iron. A precisely similar instrument, with a wire running from its coils, was left in charge of Bell's assistant, while Bell, with the wire con- nected with his tubular iron-cased telephone, ascended to the attic of his house. The assist- ant, a briglit young man, was directed to remain in the laboratory and to keep the receiver at his ear. Bell, holding the diaphragm a few inches from his lips, said in ordinary conversational tones, "Can you hear me?" In a moment the assistant came bounding up the stairs. "Mr. Bell," he excitedly called out, "I heard your question plainly I"

===== 0002601_19060908_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
ALUMINIUM-CONTAINING PLANTS.

Aluminium, says a writer in the Scientific American, is the radical of clay, for what the chemist designates as clay is merely a combina- tion of aluminium and oxygen in certain pro- portions. Now since clay (as the name already indicates) is contained in all argillaceous kinds of soil, we may at once conclude that this element has a vast distribution in the superficial strata of the earth. Hence it would be wholly inex- plicable if plants were to take up from the soil no aluminium whatever, or only in exceptional cases. Hitherto o however, only a very few vege- table growths have been known in which aluminium can be shown; especially, snake-moss (Lycopodiuta). To clear up this discrepancy, the University of Odessa appointed a competition in which further investigations on the presence of aluminium in plants were to be conducted. Two young Russian botanists who devoted themselves to the task have reached the result that all the plants investigated by them take up aluminium in greater or lees quantity when it is made ac- oeesible to them in proper form, and that, too, not only from the soluble but also item some salts insoluble in water, as from clay phosphates. That aluminium has been so seldom found in plants is to be explained by the fact that it is retained mostly or wholly in the roots. Above all, however, it is to bo considered that alu- minium, in spite of its general distribuf ion, is but seldom contained in such combinations in the soil as can be, worked up by the plants. That is an advantage, indeed, because the soluble salts of the clay even when greatly diluted exert a poisonous effect upon plants, especially upon the roots when the clay is touched while they are still in rapid growth. Yet—as is indeed very often the case also with the effect of poisons upon the human and animal organisms—small quantities of aluminium may be absolutely help- ful in the development of the plant. ,

===== 0002601_19060908_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
PRUSSIC ACID IN PLANTS.

In the quarterly scientific journal "Scientific Progress in the Twentieth Century" there is an interesting summary of the latest discoveries in oonnection with the occurrence of prussic acid and its derivatives in plants. One of the most striking points, perhaps, is the wide-spread oc- currence of this vegetable poison. It has been found in plants belonging to no fewer than twenty-two natural orders, including the grasses, lilies, willows, flaxes, &c: In 1902 a list of over 100 species of plants containing prussic acid was compiled by Jouck, and this number has since been added to. . The most familiar occurrence of prussic acid is in the oil of bitter almonds. The occurrence of prussic acid has been proved in many plants of economic importance, It is. for example, the bitter principle in the% roots of the Cassava plants grown in the tropics, from which the tapioca of commerce is prepared. Prussic acid also has been shewn to occur in the roots of the plant yielding the Ceara rubber of commerce, and in the seeds, leaves, and flowers of that yielding Para rubber. Several species of vetch contain it in their seeds. Prussic acid, again, has been discovered in the young green parts of the common sorghum, or great millet, a plant widely cultivated as a grain which forms a staple foodstuff in 'lndia, Egypt, and other countries. ThA leaves of maize have also been shewn to contain it. And an annual leguminous plant, a species of lotus, growing along the valley of the Nile, is poisonous in the earlier stages of its growth, though forming a u,seful fodder when mature. Another species of lotus growing in Australia has obtained notoriety as a .cattle poisoner in a similar way. Investigations shew that the prussic acid does not occur in plants irs the free state, but in com- bination, forming what is termed a glucoside. Under the action of a suitable ferment this latter splits up into glucose, prussic acid, and another compound varying according to the particular glucoside. In the bitter almond the glucoside is known as amygdalin, which under the action of the ferment •emulsion yields prussic acid and a benzene derivative, which together form oil of bitter almonds. The lotus contains the glucoside I lotusin and the ferment lotase.

The function of prussic acid in the physiology of the plant has been much discusseof. Earlier tnvestigators suggested that prussic acid in a plant was a means of protection. A later view was that it was merely a waste product of meta- bolism stored up.* in bark, leaves, &c. Now, however, prussic acid is thought to play an im- portant role in the life of the plant. Treub, for example, as the result of elaborate investigations, concludes that the production of this substance is the tu-st stage in the assimilation Ot nitrogen from the nitrates in the soil. Prussic acid ia,a derivative of cyanogen, and to this substance and its derivatives Gautier and others assign the chief place in the building up of plant proteida

===== 0002601_19060908_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
WORN-OUT NERVES.

Why not try a Sensible and Natural Remedy

Just now every other person one meets is suffering more or less from " nerves." Sometimes it is only a slight irritability of temper, a worried look, a tendency to undue haste, a habit of "rushing " things, or some such insignificant symptom which betrays the presence of this peculiar modern ailment. But ofcen the trouble has reached a much worse stage, and the victim seems quite incapable of taking life restfully, has grown thin and peevish, has lost all energy, hope, ambition, and all joy in life. This is the dangerous stage, which often ends in insanity, epilepsy, or general paralysis. The finest possible remedy for such a condition of things is Bile Beans for Biliousness.

Probably the heat of the past summer has told on your health and the end of the sePson finds you fagged out, and your nerves worn and overstrung. You don't sleep as sound as you once did, you are not so bright when you get up, and you don't take any pleasure in your work. Your food is not as palatable, and you can't digest it as you should. Life's little worries trouble you more than they ought, and every molehill of difficulty seems like a mountain. The sensible remedy, because it is the natural remedy, is Rile Beans for Biliousness. It is no use taking astringent and stimulating tonics to "string up your nerves." That will only induce more overstrain, until your overstrung nerves give way altogether. Bromides and other sedatives will only soothe for a time, but will certainly have a lowering effect. You can't " string up "and" let down "your nerves in such mechanical fashion without outraging Nature ; your nerves are not piano strings, but living organic matter. You can't keep your nerves in sound healthy order unless you first set right your stomach and liver. Nervous exhaustion is the result of disorder in the daily functions af the body. What you need is Bile Beans, a beau at noon and a bean at night, to keep your 1 stomach and liver in perfect health ; and then you will forget that you have any such things as nerves. I Bile Beans are a scientifically compounded tonic- alterative, purely vegetable and free from all drastic mineral preparations. Bile Beans do their work gently and genially, and so naturally that they tone up and strengthen all the digestive and nutritive functions, gradually working a constitutional change. That is 1 why Bile Bean cures are sound and permanent cures. Of 1 all chemists, at is. lid. or 2s. 9d, per box, or post free at the same prices from the Bile Bean Mfg. Co., Red I Qross-street, London, E.C. • •

===== 0002601_19060908_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
IN A TOWN GARDEN.

The following verses will probably be read with interest on the occasion of the Beautiful Warrington Society's First Annual Flower Show. They were written by Alderman Bennett about a year ago, during his residence in Salisbury-street, and originally published in "The Dawn" The crocus army lifts its spears To guard my plot of garden ground ; The tulip its bright lamp uprears, Regardless of the pall profound; While timidly the snowdrop pale Peeps at me with her tiny face— Alas, the damsel is too frail To flourish in this smoky place ! But soon the hyacinths unclose Their vials of such scents as rise Where the sweet Crystal River flows Through the far fields of Paradise; And, bolder yet, the daffodils Stand with their hanging sheaves of gold, While March his breezy trumpet shrills, And sparrows shiver in the cold. And, ere the last keen frosts are gone, The almonds brings its milky blooms, Before its soft leaves seek the sun— The smoke their brief existence dooms, But, hardier, the wild apple wears Its bridal garment, white as snow, And, for the tenth time, bravely dares The rigours of its sooty foe. The guardian poplars, feebler grown, Still make their sturdy annual fight; The gilded laurel struggles on, And lifts its armour to the light; The elders loose their golden leaves, The privet dons its emerald mail, And lovingly the ivy weaves Its clinging robe, which shall not fail. The beech puts forth such living green As all the chimneys shall not stain, And stands, its sister trees between, Washed greener by the silver rain ; The birch, a mighty maiden-hair, Waves dainty arms above the grass Towards the blue clematis there— . I count twelve blossoms as I pass ! And, in the smoky dragon's teeth, The soft Virginian creeper crawls My windows lovingly beneath, And makes a glory of the walls, And climbs and creeps, and will not rest Until it clasps the grateful eaves, While, night by night, the golden west Lays liquid gold on ruby leaves. Blue-eyed, the wee lobelias weep, Exiles from some far Fairyland ; Blue-eyed nemophilas sadly peep At two blue eyes that understand ; Hard-by, the corn-flowers, crowned each one With stainless purple, each a king, Reproach their courtier, the sun, The birds, which all two seldom sing. How bright the brave nasturtiums are, And who shall stay the marigold ? Its every bloom a yellow star With clustering petals manifold ; While, in the mimic firmament, . Reflecting the great heavenly flame, The shining sun-flowers smile content, And kinship with their author claim. Carnations bare their crimson hearts, Though hideous earwigs hide them there, And, close at hand, a lily starts To find herself so strangely fair, And hides beneath a sheltering tree To screen her whiteness from the gaze Of winds that watch her lustfully, And the warm sunlight's amorous rays. The dahlias tall reach out to me, And pay their homage as I pass: Where can the laggard asters be ? What honey-bowls the poppy has! And, in the shadowy corner high, A hundred emerald buds still hold, Arrone by one the weeks slip by, The yellow daisies, suns of gold. But lo ! the autumn in the air, The morning diamonds on the grass ; There comes an end to all things fair; My flowers will fade, and I must pass To ampler gardens, and a sky Less clouded, but not cease to love The garden where ten years have I Watched the eternal pageant move. From grim smoke-dragons sought to guard These fairies, and their fangs to stay, And from my struggling stretch of sward Turned to the splendid spire to pray ; And often, in the smoky town. Perceived some trace of Eden yet, Dawn's magic splendour stealing down To cancel grimy Mammon's debt. And flowers in scores, and leaves untold, And birds whose music naught could dumb, And morning glory and sunset gold, Have often aureoled my home, And taught me still, from day to day, The giant chimneys just beneath, How beauty helds continual sway Right in the very jaws of Daath,

===== 0002601_19060908_art0177.txt | included=true | included =====
PATIENTS 'TERRIBLE JUMP.

An inquest held at Westminster on Wednesday to investigate the death of Charles G. W. Griffiths, a New Malden gas fitter, elicited the fact that he jumped from a third storey window of Charing-cross Hospital. He had been under an operation, successfully performed, and whilst the nurse's back was turned he opened the window and jumped into the street. The hcspital house surgeon said deceased's mind might have been affected by the operation, or the heat. A verdict of " Suicide whilst of unsound mind "was returned.

....•••••■■•11=1.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
M GOOD FAIRY

RACHEL.

Your loving Nephew,

•

Melba, the Queen of the Fairies, was despair. ing of ever getting her subjects to love one another. There was Karel, she had that day let a little boy steal some appl,s,lbaud then put the thcrught into his mother's head to chide him. She ought to have whispered in the boy's ear, telling him that it was wrong to steal, and then, perhaps, he Might not have stolen them. Queen Melba watched all her fairies, and found them all the same, except one, "Rachel" by name. Rachel went off early every morning, before the other fairies were awake, and nothing would be heard of her till night, when she would come home, and go straight to sleep in a foxglove. Melba, being curious to know what Rachel did, got up early one morning, and, taking the form of a bee, followed her. When she had followed -Rachel to a small alley, she hid, and watched. Rachel -first went into a poor house and, taking the form of a nurse, i helped a. poor woman in all k de of coarse it. work. The poor woman loved R hel, as could well be seen, and as she went aw y, the woman said, "God blete you, Rachel." Rachel went. from house to house in this manner, helping the poor, and they one and all loved her. In the afternoon, Rachel took an invisible form to the human eye, although a fellow-fairy could see her. Then she went to where poor beggars sat in despair, and she whispered words of comfort, and when a gentleman passed by she would speak Words of pity in his ear, and he would throw them a coin. In the evening, Rachel went to all the little children, and liushed them to sleep, so that they would not wake their Mothers. Then Rachel, worn out with hard work, made her way home, and went silently to bed in her foxglove. Queen Melba had now seen the only good fairy she had, a-nd so that night, when Rachel was asleep, she ordered all her fairies to follow Rachel in un- suspicious forms, so that they might learn how to love. They followed her next morning, but, on the way, Rachel saw a poor boy drowning. Now, in those. days, if a fairy got wet, she would live but a few hours afterwards. Rachel, knowing this, did not hesitate, but went into the water and saved the poor lad, and, coming out, in front of her stood Melba and all the other fairies. They stood by Rachel, and all kissed her before he died, and then they all dressed, in white (which is the fairies' form of maurning), and buried her in a bed of lilies. Next day all the fairies went to work, but not as they usually did, for, although her life had been the forleit, Rachel had taught the fairies a lesson.of love. The other fairies have not for- gotten Rachel, although they wear various colours, all but Queen Melba, who always wears white in memory of the Good Fairy Rachel.

FITZROY LOVELL.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am sending you a letter to, thank you for that beautiful knife you sent me. I think I am going to have my name put on it. My sister is sending a letter and a poet-card, and I am also sending you a letter and a post- card, which I hope you like. We will soon be beginning sohool, and have only another week's holiday. I have not used the penknife yet, but I like it very much. We have begun harvest, and I like to help them. I was helping them yesterday to. cut wheat. I think I have no mots to say this time, so I will stop.

, GEORGE ERNEST COATES.

OPPORTUNITY SPEAKS. Yes, I am Opportunity; But say, young man, don't wait for me °P.. To come to you; Just buckle down to win your crown, And work with head And heart and hands, As does the man who understands That those who wait, Expecting some reward from fate, Or luck—to call it so— Sit always in the 'way-back row. I serve the active mind, The seeing eye, The ready hand, that grasps me passing by, And takes from me the good I hold, For every spirit, strong and bold. Lie does not wait on fate Who seizes me, For I am fortune, luck and fate—: The corner-stone of what is great In man's accomplishment. But I am none of these To him who does not seize; I must be caught, If any good is wrought Out of the treasures I possess. Oh, yes; I'm Opportunity; I'm great; I'm sometimes late, But do not wait for me; Work off, watch on; Good hands, good heart, And some day you will see Out of your efforts rising— Opportunity! .

From MINNIE RowLum.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l .wish very much to be a member of the Y" Children's Corner." I have for some time read your letters, and I have often wished Icould belong to your Corner." I will try my best to send you a picture post- card. I think this is all now, hoping yoti. accept me, _ . raing

. ~, .4,,:„..-. -- . r° 'l, , p.',' ~,-',.:' ~, O''..

I

, t", ''''. •' ' / , Vr . ":1 .1,.% 7; oy:" , ---::—..•--,...- . _t_lim ~,,,, v.,4,.„ r *E. ~:., w 11‘77). —• „7, • 4-- ~...., ... , 4 ..t....-:,..,.,. , ~e, . t.ll , r ~.r. ft; ,•,...., . ..,-. . -64, THEO .1 :••• ' • i.,,,,' .4.,,,x ~. . + .:,.1•:: ).-.,- ...., ... ... . -.1.-.c.„7,.:‘....—.:....,..........- ...,:?:-...' • •••••,4:i....,.i'*. 4,1 i :•.1.,:i..:-..;',-o, , ...7". z ' - . •• , . . -'4.,.'...i*.,' . .... . :. . .. :-:':''';',V',?.1:•.:`%,.!,•,.. „, „ ~,ii .-:`„,..Z ._ , '..1 , f ''',l -,,,, : I 'eV' . :',F.', fk.e, :-. ' r•••,"114) l'y''.";' -I,f'Zi.`:,:7!,--:- '?.l.' *"!' '' P :eff:.‘ ' . `e'sfitY,; . ,N,.•...';'X::*, ~ it' • r',"•'1": •f'. N 5;,,-..... ,—..,*.....--.H\ - -t.,-, . -,......,.... ~.. •,, ~,--,--,..:-:::.:, .--e., .... • ',.!.,;.- ,-,. !'-i.,..t.'1!.VV11''..; .'•''tl'• 7•.s'-' '''_A':•.-•.•:---.,, . 2**,l' ... '''. i.'-;':;( 4 \ '-- • ' --'l,.'' . .1-i4,-tP:. :14 AY • pot fielp ip Nedr ...........,,, . ~,. ~, . , ....v4, ... , . ,V•i•-':'-. ',/l'e • ~. ' a.,_„(Sy (MC s. 1 :;...4.• ~Gfi..JO i -(,.5417;.'N,,,,....,,,6. • tv. iiii;• , rak: 'f... ,14..:"7, ' '.'-ft, t'4•.:,- . ~Y4,!•ZiVr ..'. - _,.,... _ ------- "--- lilt . ;:'-I.'.° '' ' ,t, :V'Ti4.'f'• % - -1. ' - ~ • TIF '" .' ' 4......,. ;i 4, ~.?;:',.:*, ~' \.•,5i.j4.. '!': I ; *t.4;',. ',.!AI ; '': . 400 • / ... V.N!..t... Pik c.T.'....4-.*.1 .t. Slit AlSb, ' ft'..lP-41101 . 0.i..c.„

11,:., ...47144,.....x4.rt,t: 4, •-.ln- ' ‘, . , - r „sd. ''.*,,Ci;?‘"• ',4,5V11,',7 &„s;.'iZZ.' r,..16:- It ~:-1. •,,' O C a emor„,„iizoir ... ~,4 - u ~,,„ , ..„. ... til „, , rf, •••!,,i ,A, ~,,:,tcy- ~.. • -- I % -.-,V!;,:, lq.l-4:- zlitt" "• " `'''' 'i -" - -,, . •-•-. -540 t' 'j T . "iv. i-Pc illY , ,:ft• - ' ''.?.. ,4,4-ze ,at,gt 0 ' / •

, „. MI 10, , 4:. ~,.. k. ... , , 1 ::: •4. 1 _ , I.',

For Agst.

For Agst. 6 10

• ' •

II F

t.l

===== 0002601_19060908_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
i‘x DEAR CHILDREN,-

I have been very pleased with the large number of Picture Postcards sent me during the last few days. It really has been difficult to decide whioh, are the prettiest. I must here mention that postcards were sent me without any address, and however much I wished to award a prize for same, I could not do so. Also, during the week some of my members have sent cards asking for a bottle of Mason's Extract of 1:1 erbos. As several of these applicants sent no address, I have been forced to told them over until hearing further from them.

I have sent prizes to Ernest Harrold and Fitzroy Lovell, for their contributions, which I consider most deserving. As regards the Postcard Competition, I have decided to give the prizes to N. Andrews for her "Kitten" postcard; to Nellie Roberts (her card was a pretty country scene); and to G. E. Coates, for his comic card. The first two names mentioned sent no address, so until I receive same I must keep back the prizes. I am sure you will all like the tale sent me by H. Dux. bury. I hope next time this member sends a contribution I shall be able to send him a prize. With all good wishes from

tircLE N.

Dear Uncle Ned,—lt gives me pleasure to write you a few lines about the way I spent my holiday?. I only received one day; but I an sorry to say I was very ill on that ind the day following. But on Saturday I had a day off, and now I will tell you how—

" I SPENT MY HOLIDAY AT STOURPORT AND 'WORCESTER."

On Saturday morning I started from home for a day's trip to Stourport and Woreester,l which I thoroughly enjoyed. The train started from Dudley ° Station at nine o'clock, and arrived at Kidderminster at 9.45. We then went to Stourport by tram, and it was a very breezy wind which made the weather very pleasant. We arrived at Stourport, and went down by the river; where there were many people enjoying themselves in rowing boats. We hired one for an hour or, so, and rowed about two miles up the river. There were some splendid sights to be seen, viz. youths swimming, boys bathing, and children paddling, with their shoes and stockings off. The. cows were also in the river, up to their knees in the water; and when a steam- boat would come past and cleave the water, the cows would rush out as hard as they could, till the boat was far past them. When we returned the boat to the waterman, we were all ready to start on our journey to Worcester by a steamboat, called the Amo. The boat went very fast, and we arrived at Worcester in about two Lours and a-half. We passed that beautiful bridge at Holt Fleet, and, further up the river, there were many people camping on the riverside, and there were also many house-boats on the river. We arrived at Worcetiter, and had tea, and then went straight to the Cathedral. It is a beautiful place inside, And we visited all the tablets •and monuments before the, service began. We had only an, hour to stop at Worcester, and when we came out of the Cathedral, we had to go straight to the 'boat, and return to Stourport, from whence we went to Kidder- minster, and visited Rowland Hill's statue. We then continued our way to the station, and arrived at Dudley at eleven o'clock. So we had a good day's outing.

I remain, your loving Nephew, ERNEST HARROLD.

„ 808 WHITE. Look the valleys are thick with grain

--Heavy and tail; Peaches drop in the grassy lane By the orchard wall; Apples, streaked with a crimson stain, Bask in the sunshine, warm and bright: Hark to the. quail that pipes for rain—

Bob White! Bobwhite!

Augur of mischief, pipes for rain— Bob White! Men who reap on the fruitful plain

Skirting the town, - Lift their eyes to the shifting vane As the sun goes down; Slowly the farmer's loaded wain Climbs the slope in the failing light,— Bold is the voice that pipes for rain— Bob White I Bob White! Still from the hillside, pipes for rain— Bob White I Lo, a burst at the darkened pane, Angry and loud! Waters murmur and winds complain To the rolling cloud; Housed at the farm the careless swain, Weaving snares while the fire burns griglit, Tunes his lips to the old refrain--

Boig White I Bob- White! .oh, the sound of the blithe refrain— Bob White I

===== 0002601_19060908_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

lxtures and Scores for Season 1906-7.

WARRINGTON.

For Agst. Sep. 1. Leigh 8. Hull home 15. St. Helens away 22. Widnes 29. Broughton R. Oct. 6. Salford 13. Lancs. Cup Tie 20. Huddersfield home 27. Salford Nov. 3. Wigan home 10. Rochdale 17. Swinton home 24. Hunslet Dec. 1. Liverpool City home 8. Wigan away 15. Hunslet home 22. Leeds Xmas 25. Leigh home B.Day 26 Liverpool City away 29. Bradford away Jan. 1. Runcorn home ' ~ 5. St. Helens home ~ 12. Hall 19. Bradford home 26. Oldham Feb. 2. Widnes „ 9. Huddersfield ~ 12. Halifax „ 16. Oldham " 23. Mar. 2. Broughton Rangers home „ 9. Swinton „ 16. Cup Tie 23. Runcorn away G. Fri. 29. Halifax Mar. 30. Rochdale home , Apr. 1. Leeds

RUNCORN.

1906.

For Ag,st. 12 8

iept. 1 Oldham - • -----

, • 8 Widnes away „ 15 Widnes „ 22 Leigh ~ 26 Swinton home Oct. _6 St._Helens

„ 13 Widnes awaii' „ 20 Morecambe Nov. 3 Salford „ 10 Wigan away • 17 Liverpool City „ 24 Barrow Dec. 1 Broughton Rangers away „ 8 Liverpool City away „ 15 Swinton „ 22 Hull home „ 26 Oldham „ 29 Halifax Jan. 1 Warrington away „ 5 Nlorecambe.. „ 10 Barrow away „ 26 York Feb. 2 Hull „ 9 Leigh „ 16 York away „ 23 St. Helens home Mar. 2 Halifax home away

23 Warrington

• 21 Salford „ 30 Wigan home April 1 Broughton Rangers home

===== 0002601_19060908_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES.

1906. Sept. 8 Runcorn home „ 15 Runcorn „ 22 Warrington away „ 29 St. Helens home Oct. 6 Rochdale Hornets away „ 13 Runcorn home „ 27 Wigan home Nov. 3 St. Helens „ 10 Brighouse Rangers home „ 17 Dewsbury „ 24 Rochdale Hornets home Dec. 1 Leigh ' away __ home

8 Morecambe

„ 22 Barrow .. home ~29 Morecambe .. ...... away Jan. 5 Liverpool City home „ 12 Wigan away „ 19 Dewsbury ....... Feb. 2 Warrington „ 9 Brighonse Rangers away „ 16 Leigh home „ 23 Barrow Mar. 2 Hull away „ 23 Liverpool City.; April 1 Hull

ST. HELENS.

1806. Sept. 1 Swinton home ~ 8 Rochdale Hornets home 15 Wafrington , 2_2_ Birrow z6u ituu Widnes away Oct., 13 Oldham home home o 20 _Pontefract

„ 27 Leigh - -

Nov. 3 Widnes home „ 10 Salford away

, „ „ 17 Morecambe home „ 24 Brighouse Rangers away Dec. 1 Batley ~15 Rochdale Hornets away 22 Broughton Rangers home ,„ 25 Liverpool City ~ 26 Wigan home Jan. 1 Batley home „ 5 Warrington away „ 32 Brighouse Rangers home „ 19 Leigh .

26 Swinton Feb. 2 Broughton Rangers away home home

9 Ponte)

'met

16 Barrow

„ 23 Runcorn Mar. 2 Salford .„ 9 Morecambe away „ 29 Wigan ~ 30 Liverpool City

===== 0002601_19060908_art0182.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

WiItRINGTON V. PRESTON.—PIayed at WaningtOD an Saturday. Score : WARRINGTON. PRESTON. W. V. Turton c Best b W. F. Beat c Dolan b ~..Cook 0 Bennett 33 ....w. Richardson b C00k... OJ. Todd b Cresswell W. H. Podmore c Cook b Cook b Bennett 0 Best i Cresswell c Cook b Best 0 Bennett 2l f T. Thompson 13 Best i .. 5 H. S.Matthews o Duck- H. Dolan at Todd h Best 0 worth b Bennett 0 J. W. Bibby b Cook ll F. Halliday c Thompson W. Hind b Best 6 b Cresswell ............ 1 A. Duckworth cHalliday L. Eller at Duckworth b Cook 0 b Cresswell ............ 1 W. Bennett c& b Best R. Brown not out 0 R. E. Catterall c Dolan b Bennett 4 Smith c Turton b Cres- . , well H. Foley not out 0 Extras

Total ......... 45 Total BOWLING ANALYSTS. WARBTNGTON. PRESTON. O. WI. R. W. 0. 1%1. R. W. Cook 10.4 3 19 4 Creqswell... 15•5 2 46 4 W. F. Best

WARRINGTON 2xn v. FRODSRAM.—PIayed at Prod- sham. Score : FRODSIT AM. WARRINGTON. C. Hutchings not out ...106 Sgt. Knight c Jeacock S. Cross c D. Plinston b h Corflelti 6 Waywell Kenneriey c Woods . Sgt. Millard bJeacock 7 b Waywell C. Dough hD. Plinston 1 R. Pierpoint not out... 14 W. Howard e B. Pier- E. E. Woods run out... 8 point bD. Plinston Pte.Hartford b Corlleld 0 W. Wilding h Wavwell 10" D. Photon not out He Selby h (Beeson Rev. J. CorfleT.l run not 7 7. Baxter not out Extras Total 166

E x tras 5 Total

UNCALLED FOR CONDOLENCES. An extraordindry incident occurred at a Southport Iltrch on S.aninv. During the morning service the minister alluded in sympathetic terms to the enpposed death by drowning of the child of a former member of the con grecs t ion, who now resides at Harrogate. He "ad Os° sent a letter of condolence to the parents, and the afternoon many of the congregation copied rtg sympathetic example. Prior to the evening service, rwever, a telegram was received announcing that the .4(1:7 who was supposed to have been drowned was very puch alive end thoroughly enjoying a holiday at Rhyl. ;vas a child bearing an exactly similar name and also 'Blding at Harrogate, who had been drowned.

•

===== 0002601_19060908_art0183.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

AUGUST. ; FROM WARRINGTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 14, 7 40, 8 10, 70 20 a.m. 125, 110, 255, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. • Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 75, 835, 5.9 58, 10 18, bll 20, 11 42' 11 55, a.m. 2 42, 446, 6 28, 7 20, 8 45, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 6 0, p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and Talbot-road)-5 30, 7 5, 35, 10 18, bll 20, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 2 42,4 46, 6 28, 7'20, 8 45, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. b Saturdays only. Chester-7 34,8 17,9 5, 10 23,11 30 a.m.12 7,12 40, 12 55,1 40,2 30,319, 422, 5 6,6 4,7 54, 85,10 20, 11 35 p.m: Sundays 8 44, 10 35 a.m. 7 45, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green-7 5, 8 5, 8 25, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 515, 637, 78, 740, 925, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 36, 9 sa.m. 12 30, 230,3 19,-5 6, 6 44, 7 44, 10 20 pail. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham 11111-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64, 744 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 75, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 25, 10 10, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45, 345, 3 50, 5 15, 6 37, 78, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 46, 8 35, 843 a.m. 5 10, 6 0, 7 57, 954 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 95,10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 55 2 30, 3 19,4 22, 56,6 4, 7 54, 10 20, all 35 p.m. Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75, 835, 10 55, 11 .35 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 p. 3. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 1230, 2 30, 3 19, 56, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlarn,Cadishead-7 0, 7508 8, 9 3 a.m. 22, 4 58, ..710, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 725, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-a4 40, 5 35, 7 5,8 2, 8 50, 9 20, 1 9 50, 10 30, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0, 12 50, 1 10, 1 50, I 27, 2 50, 3 13,3 50, 3 56, 45, 4 10. 4 50, 5 50, 5 57, I 650, 75' 7 50, 80, 8 50, 8 55, 9 40, clO 0, 10 35, blO 37, bll 10, 11 30, 11 39 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, o Saturdays excepted. Sundays 4 40, 5 35, 9 0,9 45, 9 55, 11 20 a.m.l 40,2 20, 2 39, 4 46, 6 0, 7 10, 8 28,9 18, 1020, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. St N.W.)-a4 51, a 5 25, 75, 85, 8 23,8 25,9 25, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 1 55, 245, 3 20, 3 45, 347, 515, 617, 78, 740, bBO, 9 25, .blO 0, 1030, bll 30 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays, 4 51, 5'30, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 5 10, 60,80, 9 54 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55; 8 30, 8 59, 9 55. 10 53 a.m. 12 33,1 11, 2 20, 335, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, aB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, 75, 85, 8 25, 8 35, 919, 925, 1040, 10 55 a.m. 12 18, 1 15,2 12, 2 34, 2 45, 3 31, 4 26, 5 10, 5 53, 6 20, 6 33, 7 20,-8 6, 9 22, 10 80 p.m. Sundays 2 59, 456, 746 a.m. 5 15, 6 0, 7 57, 9 3 p.m. Manchester (C.L.C.)- 7 0, 7 50, 88, 8 55, 93, 9 55, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 55, 2 55, 3 55, 4 55, 4 58, 5 55, 6 55, 7 10, 7 55, 8 35, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sunday= 8 45, 937, 40 18, 11 32 a.m 30, 315, 456, 50, 7 18, 855, 9 15,9 25, 9 30. 10 0 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 1020, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 255, a 3 35, 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 56,b4 45,5 30,7 5,8 5,8.35, 9 19,9 25,10 10,10 40,10 55, 11 55, a.m. 12 18,12 25, 1 15, 1 50, 2 45, 3 31. 3 50,4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 'p.m. Sundays 2 56,7 46, 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 93, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mondays only. Padgate-7 0, 7 50, 88, 8 35, 9 35, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 12 18, 1,41, 25, 3 55, 4 58, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 35, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 35 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3'to, 3 47, 5 15,6 17, 8 0, 10 0 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 82,9 5, 100, 11 5 a.m. 120, bl 0, al 8, 25, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 28, 75, 80, 90, blO 0, alo 37, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 22 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges'-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-7.5, 8.25, 10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55, 2.45,3.20, 3.45, 5.15,6.37, 7.8, s 7.40, 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 8.35, a 9.36, 10.25, 11.2, a.m., 1.27, 3.18, 4 10, 53, b 6.20, 6 30, 7.40, 80, 9.0, 10.35, p.m. Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdaya only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-6 13, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 515. 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 5, 8 35, 58.9 10 55, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 150, 350, 446, 515, 3 28,17 20, 8 45, 98, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 65,6 0, 9 54 p.m. • Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95, 10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, 81 0, bl 8. 2 5, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 28, 7 5, 8 0, 9 0, alo 0, blO 37 p.m. a Saturdays only, b Saturdays excepted.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0184.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROIVI

- - Acton Bridge-6 32,7 40, 8 54, 10 57 am. 12 19, a 249, 355, 4 41, 7 20, 8 28. Sundays 759 am. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-7 53,8 25, 9 8, 10 7,1022 a.m. 1 f.O, 2 55, 4 58, 5 30, 50, 07 30, 8 25, b 9 10, 105 a.m. Sundays 645 a m. 1 15, 4 55, 8 25 1015,p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. c Mondays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 10 15,11 30,11 40,a.m.140,3 10,3 28,4 27,5 20,7 0, 8 45, 10 0,1050 p.m. Sundays 7 2 a.m. 1 37, 58,7 45 p.m. Chester-2 25, h 4 20, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 n.m.2 0,2 10,2 33,3 0, 3 50, 5 18, 5 23,6 30,7 35, 8 10, 850 p.m. Sundays 2 25, 4 20, 630 a.m. 655, 835 p.m. b Mondays excepted. Collins Green-6 40,79, 845, 10 24 11 93 a m

12 45,2 10, 3 5,4 1, 538, 642, 7 47, 9 6;a10 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Daresbnry-8 11, 10 17, 11 18 a.m. 2 49,6 2, 848 p.m. Sundays 726 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 35, 647, 822 p.m. Sundays 648 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2, 713, 8 47, 850. 9 15, 945, 10 26, 1028, 11 26 a.m. 1238, 1 14, 2 13, 3 27, 5 10, 543, 552,555,733,88, 910, 934, a 1036, 10 47, an,. 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 833, 9 53, 9 57, 103 a.m. 3 45, 7 24,10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 9, 8 53, 9 42, 10 45 a.m. 12 3, al2 57, 24, 3 27, 54, 62, 6 58, 914 p.m. Sundays 822 A.M. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satindays only. Frodshn m-7 34, 90, 10 1, iii, a.m. 231, 411 5 44,6 59, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 72, a.m. 724 p.m. Golborne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12, a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 4 31, 5 30, 7 is, 9 21, 10 42. a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 7 5 p.m. Helshy-7 46, 8 56, 9 57, 10 57, a.m. 2 27, 47, 5 40, 6 54, 827, p.m. Sunday 6 53, a.m. 7 18, p.m. Irlam and Cudishead-6 19, 6 48, 7 36, 9 53, a.m. 1 7,4 54.6 54, 8 65, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 921, 11 0, a.m. 1 20, 2 2t6 55, 8 50, 100 pm, Latchford-7 55, 8 40, 9 22, 102, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45,2 13. 30. 338, 426, b 5 39. 67, 649, 739, 952 all 32 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excPpted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33,

7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 70, 7 30, 7 40, 8 20, 8 30, 835 8 40, 9 30, 9 33, 10 30, 11 5, 11 30, 11 33 11 50, a.m. 12 30, 12 50, 10, 1 30, 145, 230, 2 40, 2 43, 4 0. 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35, 730, 735, 830, 833, 840, 930, blO5O, 110, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only Sundays. 7 50, 90, 1055. 11 15 • a.m.2 20,3 20,4 0, 4 30, 6 15,6 30, 8 30, 9 0,9 35,p.m. Liverpool (L. Sr, N.-W.)-2 35, 6 0, 6 10, 8 10, 8 35, 95, 9 30, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 1225, 1 15, 1 30, 2 45, 30, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25, 8 30, 9 0, blO 5. 1043, bll 15 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only.)Sundayil 35,9 20 a.m.2 10. 630,7 15,1045 p.m. 14man-7 48,8 32.9 14. 954,11 3 a.m. 1 11, al 27, 25, 2 30, 330, 4 18, b 5 31, 5 59, 6 41, 7 31, 9 13, 11 24 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Sundays 815 a.m. 2 25, 715 p.m. Manchester (Central)-6 0,..6 30, 730, 8 30, a 9 5,

030 033, 10 5:10 30, 10 35,11 30-11. m. i 2 30, 12 50, 1 30, 2 30, 3 SO, 3 45, 4 30, 4 35, 5 30, b 6 0, 6 30, 6 35, 7 10, 7 30, 830, 835, 9 20, 10 15, alO5O, 11 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Snndays 830,05, 9 25, 930,10 30 a.m. 1 40, 2 0,2 5, 5 40,6 35, 8 30, 940 p.m. • Manchester (L. and N.-W.)-7 5, 7 50, 9 25, 10 f:10, a.m. 12 30, 15,2 0, 2 55, 3 40, 50, 5 20, 65, 6 55, 95, 10 50, p.m. Sundays 7 20. n.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. Moore-6 56,_9 6, 11 9 a.m. 12..32, a 3 1, 4..8, 4 55,

733 pm. Sundays 818 a.m. 4 58p.m, a Wednes- days snd Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willaws— a 55 7 20, 842 9 7 0 29,

, • . 10 0, 13 22.11 8 a.m. 12 35, al 5, al 28, 1 44, 37, 4 48, 55, 5 38, 549 6 27. 7 30, 85, 9 31, 10 3, 11 4, nll 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30. 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 340, 7 20, 11 7 pni. a Sftturdass only. Parlcate-6 20. 6 58,7 55, S 29,0 0, 103 a.m. 1 20, 2 0, 5 5, 6 18, 6 37. 7 5, 8 25, 9 6, 11 32 p.m. Sundays 8 52, 1 16 a.m. 2 33, 0 12, 10 14 p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14, 4 40, 5 41, 6 20 - -

_ 3 7,4 40, 5 41, 6 50, 8 10, 10 10 p.m. Snnkey-8 0, 8 27, 9 37, 10 19, 10 55 a.m. 12 BC, 1 32, 1 40, 2 35, 3 43, 4 35, 5 26, 5 36, 6 25, 7 25, 8 28, 9 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 48,9 29 pan.

NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

;SET'S CATALOGUE.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0185.txt | included=true | included =====
RESULTS AT A GLANCE.

G. T. P. G. T. P. Leeds Hunslet Bradford Dewsbury 3 6 24 Pontefract ...... 1 0 2 Salford Wigan ‘,. 912 54 Barrow 0 0 0 Swinton 2 2 10 St. Helens Broughton Rang. 3 830 Hull K. R. Rochdale H 3 .6 24 Bramley Leigh 1 2 8 Warrington 1 2 8 Halifax • 4 4 20 Huddersfield Runcorn 3 2 12 Oldham

===== 0002601_19060908_art0186.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington v. Leigh.

As in 1905 Warrington on Saturday opened their season by a match with Leigh but were unable to repeat last year's victory, the gama ending in a draw. The meeting attracted some 5,000 spectators to the Leigh ground and Leigh started against the breeze but with the sun at their backs. Harmer returned O'Neill's kick and the exchanges which followed resulted in favour of Leigh. In the first few minutes it appeared as though the home team would more, as Berry was collared before he could clear. Taylor however came to the rescue and saved splendidly. Immediately afterwards Leigh were given a free kick but Burgess's attempt at goal was a miserable failure. A rush by the Warrington forwards was well stopped by Clarkson, and then passing by Bennett, Whitehead and Neville removed play to the Warrington end. After a lot of exchange kicking the Warrington backs started passing, and Brooks was brought down near the line. S. Johnson made a run through the Warrington team, but failed to pass Berry. Lees broke away splendidly' and the ball travelled in the direction of Taylor who however kicked a little too hard. After Leigh had I missed a chance the Warrington forwards dribbled to the Leigh end, and Taylor got over but tha point was I not allowed. At the interval there was no score. On I resuming, Warrington attacked vigorougly, and Brooks scored as the result of a fine passing movement, no goal resulting. Some kicking exchanges laded in the ball bouncing to Brooks who bad a clear field, and he ran in from half-way. Fish placed a goal. Tom Johnson scored for Leigh, the place kick failing. Shortly after- wards Whittakbr scored under the posts, O'Neill gosling. Result :—Leigh 1 goal, 11 tries (8 points), Warrington 1 goal, 2 tries (8 points). Teams : Leigh—E. Clarkson, full back ; S. Johnson, J. ET. Johnson, IC Bennett (captain), and K. H. Neville,three- quarter backs ; S. Whittaker and A. Burgess, half backs; P. O'Neill, A. Lee, N. Webster, W. Winstanley, jun., J. A. Blackburn and R. Berry, forwards. Warrington—Berry, full back ; Fish (captain), Isher- wood, Taylor, and Brooks, three-quarter backs ; Hocken- hall and Lees, half backs ; Pieston, Thomas, Naylor, Harmer, Heath, and Boardman, forwards. Referee, Mr. H. Edmundson (Bradford) ; touch judges, Mr. Jones (Runcorn) and Mr. Edwards (Broughton).

===== 0002601_19060908_art0187.txt | included=true | included =====
OLDHAM v. RTJNCORN.

Flayed at Watersheddings, before a moderate attend- ance. Ferguson kicked off, and Oldham pressed for a time. After fifteen minutes play Dixon andgash rushed the ball down the fleld,Dixon:scoring. No go.il followed. Richardson kicked a penalty goal, and Watton scored cleverly before half-time, Jolley adding a goal, EO that at the interval Runcorn led by seven points to three. This lead the visitors kept until three-quarter time, then Owens scored close td the line, and White kicked a line goal. Jolley kicked a penalty goal, putting his team again ahead. Splendid passing ended in Butter- worth scoring a try. Jolley missed the goal. Result : Runcorn 3 goals, / tries (12 points), Oldham 1 goal, 2 tries (8 points).

WIGAN v. BARROW. Barrow were the visitors at the opening of the season at Central Park, Wigan, where some 8,000 persons assembled. Barrow were pressed early on, and within the first fire or six minutes Leytham raced over their line, and landed a fine goal from touch. Lowe followed with a sFaartly registered try, and prior to the interval Leytham had again crossed. Mason kicked the goal, whilst Brooke added a fourth try, the score at the interval being in favour of the home lot by 16 points to nothing. For a considerable period in the second half the home team lacked the services of Mason. who hid been overcome by the sun's rays' but notwithstand- ing this the, 'Wiganers completely outplayed their opponents, whose line was repeatedly crossed. Result : —Wigan, 9 goals and 12 tries (54 points) ; Barrow, nil.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0188.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS v. SWINTON.

Played at St. Helens, before a good gate. St. Helens at once gained a footing in the Swinton half. The visitors attempted to pass out, but Valentine mulled a nice opening. Bocook, the Saints' new half back, opened the game out and set his forwards in possession. Swinton entered the home half, and from a kick by Dixon the visitors got away with a rush. From a cross- Mick Lloyd was enabled to score a try, Wallwork improving. Toole got away, and after a grand run, passed to Briers, who scored. The kick at goal failed. Half-time score: Swinton 1 goal and 1 try (5 points), St. Helens 1 try (3 points). Swinton got away in the loose, and Wallwork succeeded in snoring under the posts. Wallwork also improved the try. In the last minute Pope scored at the corner, Smith failing at the goal kick. Result :—Swinton 2 goals and 2 tries (10 points), St. Helens 2 tries (0 points).

===== 0002601_19060908_art0189.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY MATCH.

WARRINGTON "A" v. WIDNES RANCERS.—A moder- ate attendance assembled to witness the opening match of the season on the Wilderspool enclosure. There was one alteration from the team originally selected, Kay taking the place of Brooks at half-back. The Rangers opened strongly, making an excursion to the Warrington end in the first minute. Knight saved nicely,however, and a fine passing bout between Davies, Dickenson and Lander put the " Wirepullers " on a more equal footing. Immediately afterwards some fine work on the left wing culminated in Cartwright scor- ing a try from a pass by Davies, the goal points not being added. Warrington infringed the off-side rule,and Noon scored the Ranger's first try, Dale adding the goal. Encouraged by their success, Widnes again attacked, but Warrington were sturdy in their defence. Davies secured the ball, but his efforts were neutralized by the Rangers' failing with the goal. Kay quickly added another try, Foster putting on the extra points. Interval : Warrington, one goal four tries (14 points); Widnes Rangers one goal one try (five points). War- rington practically had the game in their own hands in the second half,Landor, Jolley, and Foster all scoring. The game ended in Warrington's favour by 36 points to 5.

O. T. P. G. T. P. Runcorn A 2 3 13 Oldham A..., 2 2 10 Rroughton R. A.... 1 5 17 Rochdale R 1 2 11 Warrington A 3 10 36 Widnes Rangers 1 5

Warrington Rural District Council. The monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural District Council was held at Bewsey Chambers on Wednesday when there were present Messrs. W. Houghton (presiding), and G. Mather, J. Thompson,J. W. Knowles, J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk) B. S. Newcomb (surveyor), H. H. Burnage assistint surveyor), and F. W. Kerfoot (inspector) and Dr. Sephton, (medical officer). The Clerk recom- mended the levying of a call of sd. in the X, as against 4d. for the past half year, and calls for special expenses in the various districts Penketh £l4o,Poulton S..so,.Rixton £4O, Great Sankey £3O, and Burtonwood £l5O. The Medical Officer reported that during the month there had been 24 births and 28 deaths. The death rate was equal to 28 per 1,000 as against 28, the average of the past three months and 33.5 for the corresponding period of last year. Seven of the deaths occui red at the County Asylum, Winvvick, exclusive of which the death rate proper for the dis- ict was equal to 21 per 1,000. Messrs. S. and F. Acton rem given the contract for poiliting and repair- ing guide posts in he district for £l5 Os.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0190.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

A SINGULAR EXCUSE.

lOn Monday at the Warrington Occasional Court, before Mr. F. Monks, Arthur Ford, 2, York-street, 1 Latchford, was charged with having been drunk on 1 Saturday night, and he and Thomas Henry Dunbobin 48, New-road, Latchford, were charged with stealing at 11.30 p.m. on Saturday, 131 b ofiples, valued 2s. 2d., m from the orchard at Lub Bro Cottage, Latchford Without, the property of Harri Warburton.—Mr. Steel who appeared for the defendants,explained that on Satur- day they hired a horse and trap to drive to the football match at Leigh, and at Leighthey had too much drink. When they were returning at night they had occasion to alight from the trap in Acker's-lane, and then in theft drunken state went into the orchard and took the apples. Their action could not be justified in any way because the apples were not fit to eat, and their taking the fruit could only be accounted for by the fact that they were under the influence of drink. It was their first oftence.—Ford was fined ss. for having been drunk and for the theft Ford and Dunbobin were each fined 15s. _ HUSBAND'S HABITUAL DRUNKENNESS.

- -- At the Borough Police Court on Saturday, before Mr. R. T. Fairclough (presiding), Alderman Tinnion and Mr. A. J. Jolley, Charles Littlewood, 28, Battersby- lane, was charged on a warrant to show cause why a separation order should not be granted to his wife on the ground that he was an habitual drunkard. Prisoner admitted that he was occasionally drunk.—Complainant stated that it was her husband's habit to come home I trunk twice a day. He returned last Saturday with his money, and in answer to her question he said he had nothing for her. He went out immediately, and came home drunk at night. On Sunday he was also drunk, and after having had a sleep, went out, and returned drunk in the evening. On Monday he was drunk twice. On Monday night she objected to his coming into the house, which was in her name, and a constable came to her assistance. There were nine children, the youngest being nine years of age. He had not worked regularly for three years until last week. She asked for a separ- ation order.—Prisoner said he had been in hospital for a year and eight months, and he was still suffering from a diseased shoulder, with the result that he could not follow his employment —A separation order was granted, and prisoner was ordered to pay his wife ss. a week. _

I On Monday at the Warrington Police Court; Joseph Barlow, 45, New-road, was charged on a warrant with out having answered his summons, to show cause why his wife should not be granted a separation order on the gronnds of his persistent cruelty and his being an habitual drunkard.—Complainant said her husband had only worked four weeks this year. She had had to work to keep the house open. Ile was continually drunk and be had treated her scandalously, using bad language and threatening to " rip her up." Whilst she was in bed ill he had illtreated her. On one occasion he tried to make her swallow twopence. Every penny .he got hold of he 'spent in drink. She had frequently been obliged to take refuge in a neighbour's houses; but the factory had been her only shelter.—Mrs. Isherwood, a neighbour rave evidenoe in support.— Inspector Cox, of the N.S.P.C.C., deposed to having known prisoner since September, 1905. Since then he had been continually drinking, with the exception of three months when he was teetotal.—A separation order with 10s. per week alimony was made.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0191.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

CONSERVATIVE CLUB V. LIBERI.I. Cr-um—The tel match between the above clubs was played at _ _

Sanke:

street on Saturday afternoon. . . LICBERAt S. CONSIRVATITES. J. Graham 3 T. Critehley ll S. Caldwell A. Lawton 13. Randalls R. Fogg E. J. Mitchell ll J. Hatton 3 W. Taylor M. Tobin ll f " M. Allen W. H. Taylor W. Patrick ll R. Straw 8 J. Smith 1 P. Richardson ll 9 'V 9 . Daintith Hewitt ll H. Houghton J. Davies - J. Thornton J. Simpson 2 11 A. H. Sanders F. Davies T. Graham 9 T. Hughes

HAUTHAWAY & SONS, Inc. )STON, MASS., U. S. A.

ate for United Kingdom JOHN S. DEED & SONS, Ltd. London, England.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0192.txt | included=true | included =====
gore jreatment.

Elastic Stocking: landages,

After Treatment.

Since the invention of the shove Patent, Varicose Veins can now be absolutely cured. By the use of Leg Ambient s relief and comfort is assured at once; and as each rair is specially made from your own measurement, a perfect tt is guaranteed. No elastic whatever is used, so that they cannot become baggy and useless. The pressure is ad- justable. One pair will outlast ten pairs of elastic stockings, and will do more good in a few weeks than an unlimited quantity of elastic articles could possibly do in a lifetime. Price 5/6 each, or 10/6 per pair. I Chart, d.c., for Selrlifeararement trill be ihni Or receipt Of ,id,-PSW I enrelope. AMBIENT CO 188 GraeiNitliZah BIRMINGHAM,

V .---,,- •• .. „ ...4., ',.',4i - , .4T,. ' '"1--.W B ' . • .... , &c. • s\ss 1 :. entirely .'' s ~ I• s superseded. 1.,4 : :..I:,\ 7 ic.`•''. ~..', ':s:'4: LEG ',', ...,. AMBIENTS .. (Patent). BO --- - '

===== 0002601_19060908_art0193.txt | included=true | included =====
rARICOSE VEINS

9)7

Palk ,

fte

6

A really high-class

'HONE.

istrument at the raoderate

price of £4 4s. Among other up-to-date,improvements, it has SPIRAL SPRING LYRIC REPRODUCER. STRONG TANDEM-SPRING MOTOR. ARTISTIC TONE-IMPROVING FLOWER HORN. "Leaflet 20" gives some idea of its truly - exceptional value. Write for it today to Columbia Phonograph Co., Gera. LONDON, Sc, Gt. &gent St, E.C. zoo, Oxford St.,W. GLASGOW: 56 Union St. CARDIFF. 96, St. Mary St. MANCHESTER : 54, Market St.

4SEE THE SIGNAL"

11A539614 Bellows 9?

MERRYWEATHER WATER SUPPLY AND

FIRE PROTECTION

of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements.

WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS:

MERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

........ r "FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE." 41)

7 Moderate .4 Purses Grand PriX, iS, IC 00. Pr,Le, Louis, 411, 1904. 4 - at-e 1 well s su;ted with the new 111 lEWEL" GRAPH-O-P in

_ 1- ) g------ 1 '--' ;EATING'S DER ._._ ,-,-q ‘---•-------- I,.,mGcs,FLEAS. 101.1>S moitis,BEETLES. / t. _

===== 0002601_19060908_art0194.txt | included=true | included =====
amIfsBLOODMIXER{

Of all Chemists and Stores, 2,'9 per Bottle.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0195.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWARE OF IMITATIONS.

•• • ,604.•1i• a • .., . . - j". . blvnrions & comfortable Com. \ ' •....-` . .4rAr ir bination of Hammock lounge, r Deck- . , .7,5417.:,,, ft,T,titaral. treit9hb.hej.aLpothle, 1?le. An ••■-• id 1•e " it' to 11 8 aside cArr. ALI .. . ea a Anna ion a e , 0... ^ - ' ---. Lawn, Ship and Camping Ontfita. The "TOCAH" COMPANY. 2, Monson Chambers. I Descriptive Circular free. Lincoln.

TRY A

21/.

JOHN WALKER AND • Co., "EXAMINER:" OFFICE.

BEWSEY-ST., WARRINGTON. Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

L ETTERP R ESS Pll 1N TING

PROGRAMMES FOR

CONCERTS

SOIREES

FETES,

===== 0002601_19060908_art0196.txt | included=true | included =====
TEA PARTIES

SERMONS

MEETINGS &c., &c

PROMPT DELIVERY,

PRICES RBASONABLE,

AUCTIONEERS CATALOGUES.

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION.

RHPORTS AND BALANCR-SHERIS,

PAMPHLETS, TRADE CATALOGIIIES,

===== 0002601_19060908_art0197.txt | included=true | included =====
AND MINERAL PRINTING

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any BiZa or pattern on blue, white, or fancy paper.

AD' MS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLARS in the neatest style. from modern type, and of the beet workmanship.

PROGRAMMES for Entertainment., Concerts ac., in the latest artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

S"11' RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPT iON BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

FL ANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap arid effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, ttervices of Song. Festivals, do.

CATALOGIJEE for Public -Ind Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

PRICE LISTS Printed on card or paper Mae trtted, If required.

EVERY DESCRIPTION OP PRINTING

TRADESMEN, MANUFACTURERS, FROFESSIONA GENTLEMEN, AND OTHERS. MEMORANDA AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION TRUST DEEDS AND 'SHARE CERTIFICATEi kIPCUTF.D AT SHORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

PRINTING. OF EVERY DESCRIPTION IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. DANCES: CONCERTF. BAZAARS. BERT/NOS. SPORTS. SERVICES, " EXAMINER " OFFICE. Bewsey Street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0198.txt | included=true | included =====
2ND EDITION NOW REIDY.

ORDER AT ONCE.

1 THE WARRINGTON FOOTBALL ANNUAL AND SPORTS RECORD

Is a new publication which we have compiled for the convenience of all Warrington

FOOTBALLERS CRICKETERS RUNNERS CYCLISTS SWIMMERS BOWLERS, ETC. It contain' a short history of the Virarrington P.C., fret team and A" teem fixtures. Northern League fixtures Warrington and District Association League fixtures, local scoring records and facts often asked about, cup-tie chronicl.l (Rugby and Association), swimming, running, and cycling records, the Works Cricket Competition, the e.ddresses of the secretaries of all Warrington football, athletic, and sporting clubs, together with

PORTRAITS of the WARRINGTON " A " TEAM (Lancashire Combina- tion Champions 1904-5 and 1905-6), C. BIIRRY (champion cyclist). C. J. STRAW (cross-country champion) and 1. P. BRADSHAW (the pioneer of local Association football.) The WARRINGTON FOOTBALL ELYNUAL & SPORTS RECORD" will be an indispensable

BNCYCLOPEDIA OF LOCAL SPORT,

70 PAGES FOR ID.

OS SALE, TO-DAY,

AT ALL NEWSAGBNTS, AND AT THH "EXAMINER OFFICE,"

BEPISEY Sr., WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19060908_art0199.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must in an cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

The Payment of Mayor's Auditor. Sir,—lt having been ascertained this morning that Councillor Wilson has accepted payment as Mayor's auditor, it has been decided to take steps to test the legality of the payment, and the necessary proceedings against Councillor Wilson will be at once instituted. The Town Clerk has " not the slightest doubt" that the payment is legal ; the Municipal Corporations Act clearly enacts that no member of a Council shall, on any pretext, make a profit out of his membership of a Council. It is time we had the decision of the judges on the point. Of course Mr. Wilson is by his action, morally, if not legally, disqualified to sit in the Council, and whatever the legal decision may be, the Latchford ratepayers will be asked to give a verdict on the moral issue on the Ist November next.—Yours JAMES DODDS. September 7th. 190 G.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0200.txt | included=true | included =====
The Condition of the Masses.

Sir,—Mr. W. Furness's letter is good reading and I hope it will make some of your readers think more about their duties as voters and responsible citizens. We want more of such letters and such efforts. If working men would take a tenth part as much interest in these matters as they do in football and horse racing their condition would improve rapidly. If a thousand books were written about Social Problems, one fact and One idea would overshadow everything else i.e. the workers, the oppressed, the sufferers, and the grumblers have the remedy in their own hands. A man has no moral right to complain about his condition if he will make no effort to improve it. Mr. Furness refers to the narrow methods and haphazard way in which local representa- tives are selected and I agree with the genenal tenour of his remarks, but I am not sure whether his suggested remedy about a large and representative public meeting will bear a close examination. How could we depend upon it being large and representative? Who would have sufficient authority to call such a meeting and assuming it was called and held, would not the sugges- tion and proposing of names be haphazard very often? Would it not be better to begin with a definite and positive programme? Having in my early career done a good deal of lecturing and public speaking I can assure Mr. Furness that public meetings are not in many cases either reliable or manageable nor do they always reflect public opinion fairly. There is another point to be considered. If a public meeting is not engineered in the interests of a particular candidate and the audience is relied upon to propose names, such names would in most cases include : 1, Men who are suitable, but not willing ; 2, Men who are willing but not suitable; 3, Men who are both willing and suitable. I need not say that this would arouse antagonistic feelings and end in confusion. Let us clear the ground first by getting rid of false pride and out of date notions of propriety. The preva- lent idea that a man should wait to be asked before offering himself as a candidate is elite out of place in the twentieth century. It has caused an enormous loss of energy and ability to every community and to the country. Every man is responsible to society in pro- portion to his abilities and opportunities and it should be considered a duty to the public to offer himself when he feels confident of his power to do good.As soon as this duty is fully and generally acknowledged our difficulties in the selection of candidates and in other . .

matters will almost disappear. My suggestion is, that every man as soon as he decides to be a candidate for I the Town Council or any local governing body, should inform the local papers, and at the same time send a brief statement of his views on the most important subjects. That a list of candidates be kept at the office of each local paper to be published whenever it iS desirable, and more especially when vacancies occur. As soon as a candidate's name is on the list he can take any' steps he may think fit to make himself and his opinions known to the voters, and when a vacancy occurs, there is on open field and a fair start for each. It will be admitted I think that this plan has at least the merit of straightfordwardness, which cannot be said for the present wirepulling method of class, clique or party, with their bar parlour conferences and imagin- ary deputations. It is hardly necessary to add that such a plan as this would make it almost impossible for an unknown man to be pitchforked into a ward by a few personal friends—a thing notuncommon in Warrington. Perhaps your readers will express their view about it: Yours W. C.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0201.txt | included=true | included =====
Right to Work Committee.

Sir,—With reference to the letter appearing in your issue of Saturday last from the Secretary of the "Right to Work "Committee, it will be noted that this Com- mittee sets itself up as an authority on the Unemployed question and censures the present Liberal Government for granting (pending the report of the Royal Com- mission on the Poor Laws) no more than £200,000 to assist the working of the Unemployed Workmen's Act in alleviating the distress during the coming winter. It would perhaps be well that the public and especially the working class section of it should clearly under- stand what this Committee it. The "Riga to Work" Committee was constituted early in the year at a meeting of what purported to be representatives of various trade unions in the town. The meeting nomin- ated three organizations—the Independent Labour Party, Trades Council and Labour Representation Committee, —to each appoint five delegates who would con- stitute the Committee. The trades unions them- selves, after hoisting this new-fancied Committee into the political atmosphere, disappear from the brisiness leaving the Committee, disconnected from its base, floating, without any sort of control from themselves—a course quite at variance with the democratic principles guiding true trade- unionism, and which seems to ca/1 in question the bona- fides of the Unions concerned. It will at once he sur- mised that any other organizations than the three named would find a difficulty in gaining admission to the Committee, seeing that the constituting Authority had tone; and this we have proved to be the case for the Progressive Labour League, which represents up,.vards of 700 working men, being naturally in full sympathy with the ostensible object of the Committee, and pre- suming that, if sincere, it would welcome the co-opera- tion of such an organization, appointed five delegates to represent our League on the Committee, and com- municated the fact to the conve,ner of the first meeting (Councillor Stott) asking to 13e notified of the same. We now learn that this startled Councillor Stott, which I can assure him was quite unintentional, but be replied thanking me for my letter, and pointing out that he would be exceeding his instructions if he summoned any other organization than the three named, but that the matter would be laid before the llrstrneeting. This meeting was held in due course and on May 19th Mr. Flampson, the secretary,wrote me as follows : "Your letter of April 21st was duly placed before the first meeting of above Committee, but it was felt that the Committee had hardly the right to invite delegates from other organizations save those decided upon at a s Tz;n4.,+ re, • - .enc, ',slid some time ago. The ,rot before the notice of 'egates compose the been

Irence

matter however, will he brought

the three organizations whose Right to Work Committe? " The matter has, I believe, organizations concerned hut NO onli were appointed and they instructions by admitting

I referred to the three can they do? They Ild be exceeding their 'other organization,

``;'' '

:•, a ~::;,.•,,,,.. -„,,,,,,,,*„ ,A,,, •,: .... '4. ~,,:i.'.::•:, ;., -., .: -..k%--'..., -, . ..• 1.4 . • • ....- -••• . ~ . . -., ‘...---•;•,,i;,...., . . - . c4'.---44t-.. . '141011411

===== 0002601_19060908_art0202.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 8, 1906.

Councillor MaGm-x said if tho Tramways Committee were not able to manage the tramways without outside interference it was time they stopped and asked Houghton's men to take control of them.

NORTHWICH LIGHT RAILWAY. TRANIWAYS TO STRETTON.

Alderman SMETFIURST said he had been asked to mention the matter of the Northwich Light Railway. The position at present was that he Council were waiting for a reply to their letter with regard to the extension of the tramways to Stretton. Councillor WILKINSON thought the Corporation had spent sufficient money upon the tramways without carrying them to Stretton. They should let somebody else join with the lines to Warrington. Alderman SMETIICIIST said that was intended.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0203.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

THE WATERWORKS CONTRACT.

Further Rig Claim by Mr. Lawson.

WORKMEN'S FARES ON THE TRAMS.

Reduction in the Price of Gas.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Town Council was held on Tuesday evening at the Town Hall when there were present :—The Mayor (Alderman Bolton),Aldermen A. Bennett,John Evans, J. Smethurst, D. Tinnion, Councillors T. H. Ashcroft, J. Ball, T. Burton, T. Chantler, W. Clegg, E. Cunnington, J. Dickenson, D. S. Duncan, James Evans, L. Ellison, J. Lord, J. Maginn, J. Pemberton, J. Sankey, J. Skelland, J. F. Smith, F. Stott, J. T. Wilding, J. Nl'ilkinson, W. J. Wilson,T.Wright, Messrs A. T.Hallaway (deputy town clerk), J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), J. Dees (water engineer), W. S. Haddock (gas engineer), J. G. Gornall (medical officer), J. M. Murray (director of Education). INCREASE OF SALARIES. ALLEGED INCONSISTENCY, STRONG CRITICISM. The Health Committee resolved that the salary of Miss Hoyle, female inspector, be increased from 30s. to. 325. 6d. per week. Councillor EVANS moved, and Councillor BURTON seconded, the adoption of this. Councillor WRIGHT asked why it was intended to Services for Sunday. raise Miss Hoyle's salary. (Continued front Page 8.) Councillor EvANS said Miss Hoyle was an exceptional Bold-street Wesleyan Church, preachers, 10.30, Rev, female inspector, and had qualified in certain things E. J. Gawne; 6.30, Mr. John Upson. that were of great assistance to the Medical Officer of Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church, preachers, 10.30, Mr. Health. They had fixed a maximum of 355, and had J. Upson ' • 6.30, Rev. W. Mellor. found that that was lower than in other towns of Baptist Church, Latchford, preacher, the Rev. .7. F. similar size, and they considered Miss Hoyle worth the Matthews. Subjects. 10.30, Spiritual Dynamics " ; extra money. 6.3, "Almighty man." The resolution was then agreed to. Baptist Church, Golborne-street, preacher, Rev. J. The Paving and Sewerage Committee recommended Mitchell, of Egremont. Subjects, 10.20, "Lessons from that the salary of Mr. H. P. Brierley be increased from the greatest mystery," 6.30, " Better than gold." £l3O to £156 per annum, as and from August 25th. Wycliffe Congregational Church, preacher, 10.30 and Alderman TINNION, in moving its adoption, referred 6.30, Rev. John Yonge. Services in the Memorial Hall. to Mr. Brierley as a very suitable servant,who had done Buckley-street P.S.A. his work well, and one who had put in a good nsany extra hours for the benefit of the Corporation. Some A meeting of the Buckley-street P.S.A. Society was time ago he had an opportunity of bettering himself, held on Sunday in the Methodist Free Church. Mr. but preferred to stay in Warrington. The Committee Truman (of Liverpool) presided, and gave an encourag- thought he thoroughly deserved the advance. ing address. The speaker was Mr. Joseph Owen. The Councillor ASHCROFT seconded. Warrington Co-operative Male Voice Choir, under the Councillor CnotsrsErt pointed out that now Mr. leadership of Mr. A. Trow, gave a fine rendering of Brierley had reached his maximum wage they proposed "Comrades' song of hope " and " Lead, kindly Light." to give him another 10s. per week. They ought to have Mr. W. Shaw read the Scripture lesson, more particulars of the work he did before the increase was granted, Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church. Councillor WRIGHT moved an amendment that the Ac this church on Sunday morning Mr. S. Moss occu- resolution be not confirmed. It was inconsistent, he I pied the pulpit. The preacher at the evening service said, to raise the wages of any individual inreceipt of ' was the Rev. S. Pitt who took for his text the words : £2 10s. per week by another 10s. when there were men "All my springs are in Thee." Mr. Pearce sang as a under the Corporation who had wives and families to bass solo ' The Lord is my Shepherd." A period of keep and a house door to keep open on a wage not considerable activity in connection with this church equal to the living enjoyed by a pauper. There was a will shortly be entered upon. The Rev. Edward great willingness to be continually adding to where Davidson, connexional evangelist, is to conduct a there was plenty, and a lack of respect and sense of mission from September 30th to October 9th. duty on the part of councillors towards the community Latchford Baptist Church. which made it possible for them to be in that Council as governors of the town. Referring to Miss Hoyle's Preaching at the Latchford Baptist Church on Sunday salary, he said that considering there was a maximum evening last, at the commencement of his 10th year as wage of 21s. per week for men who had families, 30s. pastor, the Rev. John Francis Matthews took for his was a fabulous amount for a single woman to receive, subject :—" An Ideal Ministry." His text was Luke iv. 18, 19, "The Spirit of the Lord is upon me "&c. especially as she was supplied with uniform. There did not seem to be any thought given at any time to Mr. Matthews said he thought that every now and then the Christian Minister whether he were Anglican or the welfare of the working classes, and when anything was said about raising their wages there was Roman Catholic, a Presbyterian or a Baptist, would do a wise thing to look at his own work, and compare it always great opposition. But it was quite different with an official. It was a case of "everything for the with the standar'd offered by Jesus Christ. He was a official and the devil take the working man. preacher because he could not help it. He had a message " Councillor WILDING seconded the amendment, and and with it came a divine impluse to tell it out. He found the older he grew that said he thought. it time to stop increasing salaries when the ratable value of the town was not increasing at the Bible—a wonderful connection of different anxthing like the same extent. literatures—and specially the New Testment grew Councillor STorr said Mr. Brierley had during the in value, when placed in juxtaposition with the complex life of modern civilized society. Most of last live years received three advances. Had he known that in committee he would have opposed the advance. the moral and ethical problems, and probably all those Councillor LORD also objected to the increase. He which lay on the border line between religion and philosophy, would find their happy solvent in the teach- believed in paying a man what he was worth, but he I thought a rise of 10s. a week was a little bit too much. I ing of Jesus. No one could consider His point of view r. vouncillor Boons said he was not aware that the in the passage selected without finding that individual maximum had been reached. The Borough Surveyor as that teaching was He laid hands upon the whole spoke highly of Mr. Brierley, and he assented to the social fabric. He reacheid down to the lowest stratum increase in committee, though reluctantly. Had he of society. The moderd problem of poverty, said the known the facts in committee he did not think it would preacher, was not beyond solution, but the Christian have altered his vote. man and the whole Society of the Church must take it The MoYon said it seemed as if they had to raise in hand without fear. The restitution of the whole means of securing a living, with a decent solace salaries at every Council meeting, and it would be better to go back to the old method of having a special for a restful old age was within the limits of realization if they were only in earnest. day for considering advances upon salaries of over £2 10s. a week. It was most delightfully true that the preaching of Councillor PEMBERTON : We don't have much liberty in its widest sense was characteristic of the chance when they all dome together. It is better to Master's ministry. There was no place for any kind of tackle them one at a time. Continuing he said he slavery among the sons of one Father God. A universal thought Mr. Brierley one of the most painstaking and ' brotherhood rather than a local, national or imperial energetic servants they had but he was not in favour of brotherhood was the ideal. This meant death to every- his salary being raised by £26 at one jump. The duties thing that' confined the man, and made him a slave. If the Gospel took up the various cries of liberty whether of Mr. Brierley had increased perhaps more than the committee anticipated, and that was one excuse for of the yellow man, or the Russian serf, and met, them deviating from Hip maximum agreed upon, but not to by helping to cut off the bonds and fetters our brothers the extent of ..£26sa year at once. would believe that we were in the true succession of Alderman TINNION replied at some length and highly Him who preached the Gospel to the poor, proclaimed praised Mr. Brierley's work. Mr. Brierley was one of delivery to the captive, opened the eyes of the the most painstaking officials, a model of punctuality, blind, and who heralded the year of the Lord's good courteous and willing. It might seem a large increase pleasure. but if it was granted it would not be that they were Kensington Welcomes the Rev. H Dunnico. over paying him but that he had in the past been under On Sunday morning Kensington Baptist Church aid. (Liverpool) accorded a hearty welcome to their new P Councillor Moors-sr agreed that Mr. Brierley was a most hard working and courteous servant, bet it seemed young minister, the Rev. Herbert Dunnico, very few to him that it only needed a certain number of friends seats being empty in the large church. First Mr. to come into that chamber and crack up an individual Dunnico delivered s few chosen words to the young and up went his salary. Would it not be better to fix people, after which Mr. John Bennett(church secretary) referred to the steps leading to a unanimous call being the salary for a certain post, and if,when he had reached the maxim • um not to increase the maximum, but, if the made. There was not one in the congregation who did man was worth more, to give him a better post. If an not think their new minister was the very man chosen official was not contented, the field was open to him. by God for Mr. Walter's successor, and there was no On a vote being taken the amendment was defeated fear that" Kensington" would love, revere, and sympa- by 11 to 8 and the minute was approved. thise with Mr. Dunnico as with their late minister, s -8, and they prayed God to bless in his new and more THE PSZICE OF GAS. suitable sphere at New Brighton. It was a unique set- REDUCTION AGREED UPON. vice that morning, for it was the only service of the kind for thirty-five years. At a meeting of the Gas Committee it was resolved, Mr. Dunnico thanked Mr. Bennett and the " church " that the price of gas within the Borough be reduced by for their unanimous call. That morning he was the sum of 2cl. per 1,000 feet, as and from the Ist. delighted to be there as their minister, but,on the other November next. hand, it was fraught with momentous issues. He The adoption of the minutes was moved by Councillor thanked them very sincerely for their unanimous call. Duncan, and seconded by Councillor Clegg. By their unanimity they had saved him much tension j Conncillor STorr moved that the resolution regard. and much perplexity. Warrington had pulled hard, but I ing, the reduction in the price of gas he referred back. he felt that God had called him to LiverpooLand would I It might seem rather strange that he shenld adopt such give him a much wider and nobler sphere of service : a course ; but the reason was that, like Oliver Tutist,he than Warrington ever could. Unanimity meant confl- wanted more. deuce, faith and trust. He did not favour theological The MAYOR : Have the twopence and get what you hair-splitting. He appealed for liberty to preach what can afterwards. (Laughter.) he believed, and give the message that came from God ; Councillor Srorr : I might have a better chance of and he would give to them the liberty to think accord- getting xvhat I want now. Continuing he said he believed ing to the light God had given them, remembering in that municipal trading should be for public service and all things to have charity. A well-filled pulpit, it had not for the sake ef profit. Some margin shonld, of been said, meant well-filled pews ; but in his case well- course, be made, hut not to the extent of £14,000 per filled pews would mean a well-filled pulpit.lf his congrega- year, and he thought that out of the larg,e profits wh ion tion wanted sermons they must turn up in great numbers, had been and were likely to be made the committee This would inspire him. The warm-heartedness of the should deal more generously with the gas consumers congregation and friends, under God's blessing, would than they were now cronnaing to do. The committee 1 give him as great success in this large beautiful city as should consider the abolition of meter rents. The Gas he had had in Warrington. Mr. Dunnico afterwards Engineer had told them that the rent charge for a slot preached a short,eloquent sermon on the call to Joshua. meter increased the price of ens by 3d. per thousand As their new minister he would endeavour to be cournge- feet. He did not think it was just to comnel one section one, bold, fearless, and strenuous for the welfare of his , to pay more than another, and he did not think it right people, whom he urged to go forward, remembering that gas consumers should have to pay a high price so that if God was for them no one could be against them, that the rates could be reduced for persons henefitted But, first of all, they must be men and women of who did not contribute one penny to the profit. One prayer, realising the power of the Holy Spirit. Joshua's firm he knew very well used very little gas indeed, and strength lay in the abiding of the Tabernacle with him, vet last Year the profits on the gas undertaking resulted and this was the secret of all true success. A real in that firm's rates being do,An by Is. in the £. The Christian must be a saint, soldier, a man of prayersand, gas consumers should reap the benefit. although in a sense a dreamer, a practical worker. Conncillor WILKINSON : Where's your Is. reduction Mr. Dunnico preached to an overcrowded congrega- in rates ? tion in the evening. Councillor STOTT : Don't interrupt : I think T know It is of interest to note that over 100 Warrington Whet I'm talking. about. I'm not quite so calm and friends came to Liverpool (staying to tea). and Attended collected ma Councillor Wilkinson. (Laughter.) the services to give Mr. Dunnico a hearty "God-speed." I Councillor WILKINSON : The rates were only reduced On Monday a large and enthusiastic public meeting 4d. I • was held in the church, Mr. John Bennett (church secre- Councillor STo'T'T : If there had been gas profits, the tory), presiding, and extending in the name of the con- I rates would have been Is. more than what they were. I gregation and friends of the church a loyal and nnani- I claim that the rates were reduced Is. in the £ owing to mous welcome to Mr. and Mrs. Dunnico. He also wished i the fact that the Gas Committee charged so mubh more them much happiness in their married union, I than they should have done. Another objection which and God's speed and much prosperity in their union . he had to the minute was that there was nothing in the with the church, committee's proposal in regard to the slot meters. It The new minister, on rising, received a great I had been said that they had less profit through slot- ovation. lie concisely sketched out a comprehensive I meters than ordinary meters. but considering that it programme as to his winter work and future policy , was the working class who had those meters, the corn- generally, and he believed that whilst he hoped to visit ' mittee should take that side of the question in hand. all the members of the church during the first six ; The slot-meter users would still have to pay sd. per months (no small work when it is remembered that ' thousand feet, more than those who paid half-yearlt, Kensington boasts over NO adult members) he would despite the fact that they paid in advance. He regarded always welcome them, as be purposed devoting some it as a singular MIS' to encourage the use of slot portion of one night each week to receive members metersby charging them more. wishful of seeing him in his vestry. He believed that I Councillor LORD seconded, and pointed out that a a minister's duty was not only to his own people. hut to little while ago the price of "as was reduced 3d, to all citizens, and he would not shirk his responsibility, ' customers outside the borough'. He failed to see that but take his stand for civic righteousness. Once a those in the borough, who were the responsible persons. month, on a Sunday evening, he purposed dealing with I should be content with 2d. rt was his intention to a subject specially helpful to working men in their move a reduction of 6c1., but now he was prepared to daily life. As to money, he VMS quite satisfied if he accept nothing less than 3d. could only earn £1 a week by preaching, He was so sure : Councillor WILKINSON said some men had peculiar he had a message that he would be quite content rather views on this question. The Gas Committee 8.9 a set than doing any other work for £2O. If the power of business men weresecond to none in the Corporation. of the pulpit was waning, then it NM due to the They were very business-like, and it was only after preacher. They must not expect too much shoe leather careful consideration that they could grant 2d. If they from bins by visitation, but he would give them the expended all the £lO,OOO profit in that way it would very hest his brains were capable of giving, mean at some time another 6d. a week on the man who (Applause). had a ss. house. Mr. Sellers vvelcomed Mr. Dunnico on behalf of the I Councillor STOTT rose to a point, of order. deacons of Pembroke Chapel, after which Messrs. The MAYOR : He is quite in order. He is convinc- Tomkins, Lancaster, Harrison. Hawkes, Paterson, and ing :von that your arguments have no weight. Oxford all testified to the gratification it was to them (Laughter), to feel the splendid and hearty response the people had Councillor WILKINSON : lam showing how idiotic given to Mr. and Mrs. Dunnico of welcome. and suicidal your arguments are. He went on to say

- •

that property owners had a struggle to get 4i per cent.l 'They were heavily burdened with rates ; in fact the ' ; town was in that position that no manufacturers would come in. If they lowered the price of gas and so did away with their profits they would increase the rates and create a still greater preventative to manufacturers coming in. Councillor WILDING : We are talking about taking 3d. off instead of 2d. and you are making out that it will take away the whole £lO,OOO profit. You rue show- ing your ignorance all the time. Councillor WILKINSON I am not going to waste breath on Councillor Wilding.

Councillor PEMBERTON argued that the council could well afford the reduction of 3d. asked by Councillor Lord. Councillor MAGI'S'S said that if the waterwerkr, and the electricity undertaking could be run as profitably as the gas sonic people would want to ride on the trains for nothing, and to have free water. He spent £5O and his firm £l5O on gas every year, and if he was more selfish than he really was and asked for the price of gas to be reduced, he might be saved some money. He recommended the Council, however, to accept the cool- mittee's proposal. Instead of grumbling at the com- mittee they should have said " Well done." (Hear, hear.) The MAYOR said he had been opposed to any reduc- tion at all, because the bulk of the profits were made from outside Warrington and from consumers upon whom there was no responsibility in regard to Warring- ton rates. The large profit this year was owing to some peculiarities in reference to coal contracts. Alderman EVANS explained that the committee intended, to alter these slot meters so that the price to , the consumers of that branch would be reduced.

Councillor CLEGG thought the Council would he well advised to accept the 2d. Their profits were largely due to having products. and were dependent upon the rise and fall of the market.

Councillor STorr said that after the promise from Alderman Evans he withdrew his amendment.

Councillor LORI; Then I will move th-fit the price of gas be reduced by 3d. instead of 2d. The MAYOR : You cannot do that. The minute must be confirmed or sent back to the committee._ _

Councillor LORD : Can we have the Standing Order read? The MAYOR : No. The minutes were then approved. FIRE ENGINE COMMITTEE. APPLIANCES AT COCKHEDGE MILLS.

Letters having been read at the Fire Engine Com- mittee from Messrs. Armitage and Rigby stating that there was a shortage of water in case of fire at the Cockhedge Mills the committee resolved that in accord- ance with the above request the Corporation extend the main from the top of Crown-street to the entrance of the mills, and that the Borough Surveyor see Messrs. Armitage and Rigby Ltd. with a view to their making internal arrangements for fire protection. Alderman SNIETHURST said he thought the simplest remedy for the shortage of water would be for Messrs. Armitage and Rigby to run two twelve inch mains from their reservoir into a tank which could be constructed in the mill yard. Councillor MAGINN pointed out that Messrs. Walker's paid the cost of carrying the main from Winwick-street to their premises. Councillor WRIGHT thought that Messrs. Armitage and Rigby had placed themselves in a difficulty by covering the reservoir and wanted the Fire Engine Committee to get them out of it. He thought however that it was only reasonable that the Corporation main should be extended to the factory gate. The minutes were opproved. MARKETS COMMITTEE.

The Markets Committee had resolved, that the under- ground conveniences and cellar be ventilated in accord- ance with the tender of Messrs. Kieth and Blackman. In answer to Councillor Pemberton Councillor EVANS said he could not produce the tender as it was locked up in the Borough Surveyor's safe. The amount how- ever was under £2O. He would withdraw the minute.

Councillor SToTT : Has anything been done with regard to giving the contrast to the firm? Councillor EVANS : I don't think so.

Councillor PEMBERTON : I hope there has not because I want to see the tender. THE WATERWORKS CONTRACT. MR. LAWSON'S AMENDED BILL. At a meeting of the Water Committee on 27th August a letter was read from Mr. Lawson's solicitors forward- ing an amended claim against the Corporation in respect of the works at Delph-lane, and giving notice of their intention to apply to the County Court Judge for the appointment of an arbitrator. It was resolved, that in order to enable the claim to be examined Mr. Lawson's solicitors be requested to allow the application to the County Court Judge to lie over for six weeks. Alderman EvaNs moved and Alderman SMETHURST seconded, the confirmation of the minutes.

Alderman BENNETT asked when the report with regard to Lawson's contract was going to be produced. Councillor STOTT : Is it likely we shall have it before the six weeks ? Alderman EVANS : I cannot give you any informa- tion on that.

---- --- The Mason : It belongs to the General Purposes Committee.

Councillor LORD : I should like the Council to be put in possession of the amount of the claim, and the further claim which Mr. Lawson has sent in, I think the Council are entitled to know something about it. Alderman EvANS : I have not the figures exactly,but can give them in round numbers. The original claim was £54,000 ; the amended claim was £72,000. After a short conversation with Mr. Deas the Alderman said— In March, 1905, the claim was £56,680 is. id. ; an amended claim has been sent in and it amounts to £72499 19s. 11d. Councillor LORD, in answer to a member, said that although the Investigation Committee had-ibeen sitting 12 months, the amended claim of Mr. Lawson had come in only a day or two. Whether it was a final claim or not he (Councillor Lord) did not know. (Laughter). The MAYOR said that if he was Mr. Lawson and thouaht he could get it he would put on another £20,000. The minutes were passed. HALF-PENNY FARES. ALLEGED ABUSE OF THE CONCESSION. LIVELY SCENE.

On August 14th the Electricity and Tramways Com- mittee discussed the question of workmen's fares, and it was resolved that the Council be recommended to rescind the resolution of rd July, relative thereto, and that the following resolution be substituted :—" That Id. return tickets be issued before S a.m., and that the return half remain available on any day during the same week between the hours of 5 and 7 p.m." Alderman SMETHURST moved the adoption of this. He pointed out that a good deal of trouble had arisen in respect to workmen's fares and they found it almost impossible to carry out the s'ystem. He had been look- ing over the names of people who had travelled as workmen, and he was sure the Council would be astma- i ished if they heard who they were. The tram conductors ought not to be placed in the position to say who were workmen. It did not matter who got the return tickets so long as they travelled before 8 a.m. 'The question was asked if the tickets were transfer- able, and Aldermln Smethurst replied in the negltive. The ATATOR : Unfortunately, you cannot tell who has taken out a ticket.

—er-otTn—ciflo-r—WrckuvsoN seconded .the adoption of the minutes. f Councillor EVANS asked if the return tickets could be used on a Saturdav between 12 and 2 as at present, The NlAvon said it was understood that would be carried out. The present proposition would benefit not only workmen' but shop assistants and clerks who received small wages ; in fact, the whole community who travelled before S a.m. The only difference to workmen would be that they would have two tickets instead of one. The halfpenny fare would disappear altogether. Councillor BALL moved an amendment that the matter be referred back for further consideration. He did not think the workmen's tickets hid-had a sufficient trial. Those people who had abused the privilege should be prosecuted, and A test made of the matter. People had insisted on having workmen's tickets who could well afford to pay the proper fare. It was quite true there MIS no regulation for Corporation tramways on this point. The majority of progressive Corporations had, however, the system of .(I.single fares for working men, however,and the concession was much appreciated. fie would not like to see it cast aside in Warrington. Councillor PEMBERTON seconded the amendment. He did not, however, agree that ratepayers---should be prosecuted because he believed PeoPlo who /were not workingmen had travelled for 3d. under the impression that it was right for them to do so. Alderman SMETHURST then withdrew the notion on the understanding that the matter would be again con- sidered in committee.

A SCENE. Councillor WRIGHT wished to say something on the fares question, and said he was on his feet before the resolution was withdrawn. He held in his hand two resolutions passed by the employees of SV. D. Honghton's wireworks and those of the Mersey White Lead Works, Sankey Bridges. The ifAvon It strikes me they are very selfish when they won't let others travel. Councillor WHIG HT : These are men who know what they want. They have a right to he considered. The :VIAYOR : This is not on the minutes. Alderman SMETHURST : The resolution will be brought before the committee. Councillor WRIGHT: Half a "mo."—Continuing he again urged that the workmen had a right to be : considered.

The MAYOR : Will you take my ruling ? Councillor WRIGHT : Yes, if you will allow me to have my say and don't interrupt me. I object to he continually interrupted. I was up before Alderman Smeth ii rat.

The MAYOR : You can behave yourself, can't you ? CcoinCillOr WRIGHT (shouting) : When I get behaviour I always give it back. If lam bullied I can bully es hard as anybody. The INTAYOR : Will you he a gentleman? Councillor WRIGHT: Yes, I can be a gentleman. I want the employees of these two firms to be considered.

• " ' =,`

===== 0002601_19060908_art0204.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPERTY PURCHASES.

The General Purposes Committee have resolved that a special meeting of this committee be held to consider the returns as to purchases of properties, prescribed street lines, and also as to the assignment of premises in Sankey-street from Mr. Thomas Birtles to the Corpc ration.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0205.txt | included=true | included =====
LAMPLIGHTERS' MINIMUM WAGE.

The General Purposes Committee have resolved that the Gas Committee be requested to consider the grant- ing of the minimum wage to lamplighters for the six working days.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0206.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL EXAMINATION RESULTS. DISTINCTIONS FOR WARRINGTON STUDENTS.

•

Below we publish the examination results of the Board of Education and the City and Guilds of London Institute held recently. They were submitted to the School Management Committee at the meeting on Thursday, and although the comparative statement has not yet been made, we believe they are better than last year. We include for the first time the Acting Teacher's examinations results, in which Mr. Dendy, Mr. Turner, and Miss Ewart obtained distinctions. Two bronze medals have been awarded by the City and Guilds of London Institute to Mr. Joseph Owen for brickwork and Mr. Quentin Walter Wallington for leather tanning, whilst Messrs. Dale and Massey's work in carpentry And joinery, for the examination, was of such excellence that the City and Guilds have borrowed it for the purpose of exhibiting it at an exhibition at Belfast. We have already referred to Miss Mottram, who is to 'be congratulated on obtaining one of the two national scholarships in art. Miss Pearson, one of the art pupil teachers, had her work in geometrical drawing accepted for the art master's certificate. All the schools re-open on Monday evening and the results set out below will be a stimulus to the students to renew their efforts so that the result of the next year's examinations will be better still.

ACTING TEACHERS CERTIFICATE EXAMINATION, 1901 Pass: Emily Bowles, Rose Craik, Charles B. Dendy (distinction in education), Annie M. Ewart (distinction in mathematics and French), Ada M. Newbold, Florence Sutton, William Turner (distinction in English).

BOARD OF EDUCATION AND CITY AND cit7ILDS

OF LONDON INSTITUTE. TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. Botany.—Stage I: First class, Herbert VVallington ; second _class, Elizabeth M. Woollacott.

Building Construction and Drawing.— Stage I : First class, Cyril R. Bell, Arthur H. Leece Herbert Diggle, Arthur George, Henry Cliffe, Daniel Ostle, Walter S. Lockerbie ; second class, William Kettle, Henry Boyle. Second stage : Seoond class, Isaac A. Simpson, Sidney Bolton, John Lewis, John Burston, Frank Thomason, Matthew S. Gallter, William J. Isaac. Third stage : Second class,Herbert B. H. Sander,James L. Warburton, 'Thomas Malone, Sydney Massey, William G. Brown. Geometry Practical Plane and Solid.—Stage I: First class, William C. Harding, James L. Warburton,William Harrop ; Second class, Charles L. Bradshaw, Thomas Evans, Charles Fagan. Chemistry Theoretical Inorganic.—Stage I : John Wilding, Percy J. E. Airey, Harry Sherburn, Arthur I. Newton; Thomas Malone, Clifton Billington ; Second class. Kendall Williamson, Reginald B. Dixon. Stage TI : Second class, William R. Jackson, John H. Cartwright, Thomas W. Molyneux, Harold Parker, Robert B. Benion, Mary Hill, Maurice J. Burgess. 1 Chemistry Practical Inorganic.—Stage I : First class, Harry Sherburn ; second class, Albert C. Hodgson, Reginald B. Dixon, Thomas Malone, Clifton Billington, Arthur I. Newton, 'Kendall Williamson. Stage II : First class, William R. Jackson, Harold Parker, Mary Hill, Robert B. Bennion ; second class, John H. Cart- wright, Thomas W. Molyneux, Claude A. Collins, Maurice J. Burgess. . .

Chemistry Theoretical Organic.—Stage I : Second class, Bert Bradshaw. Chemistry Practical Organic.—Stage I : Second class, Nicholas Bennett. Stage It : First class, Harold Warham. Human Physlology.—Stage I : First class, Eleanor Williams, Edith M. Prince, Elizabeth Barker, Ethel L. Jones ; second class, Ethel Parker. William H. Cragg. Stage II First class, Susan Jones ; sccond class, Marion Campbell, Harry Holloway. Hygiene.—Stage I : First class,Ethel Parker; second class, Eleanor Williams, Alice Taylor, Edith M. Prince, Elizabeth A. Lloyd. Stage : Second class, Marion Campbell. Machine Construction and Drawing.—Stage I : First class. Walter Brandreth, Arthur J. Gresty, William C. Harding, Claude E. H. Stammers ; second class, Samuel Marshall, Thompson Turner, Walter Sherratt, Stanley Swinton, Joseph Grounds, William Harrop, MO Greenough, Harry Shaw, Charles E. Walker. George Bebbington. Stage II : First class, Charles Fagan. Thomas Evans ; second class, Frederick W. Sherratt, Leonard Dale, Richard P. Gibson. Stage ITT. : Second class, Andrew Smith. Magnetism and Electricity.—Stage r. : First class, Kendall Williamson, Manrice J. Burgess ; second class, George Simpson, William H. Cutland, Herbert Roscoe. 'Stage It. : Second class, Herbert E. Taylor. Mathematics.—Stage I. : First class, Joseph B. Wilkinson ; second Glass, Frank Ireland. Emily Bowles. Stage 11. : First class : Thomas Wicks, Annie M. Ewart.

_ Mathematics Practical.—Stage I. : First class, William C. Harding, John Wilding, Herbert Roscoe, Thomas Evans, Charles Fagan, Frank L. Bowcock ; second class, Frederick W. Sherratt, Frederick W. Ward, George Simpson. Mechanics (Applied).—Stage I. : First class, Norman Nield, William Evans ; second class, Frank Newell, Arnold Nield, Fred Whittaker. Stage H. Second class, Thomas Wicks, Frank L. Bowcock, Thomas A. Wilkinson, Andrew Smith, Thomas Malone. Metallurgy (Practical).—Stage I. : First class, Joseph VORA ; second class, Thomas Evans. Steam.—Stage I.: First class, Edward Malone ; second class, Frederick W. Sherratt. Thomas Evans, Leonard Dale, Frank Newell, Charles Fagan. Stage II.: Second class, Andrew Smith, Thomas A. Wilkinson. Thomas Wicks.

SCHOOL OF ART. Architecture.—Second class, Isaac A. Simpson. Drawing on the Blackboard,--First class, Dobson T: Clark, Torn Scorsh.

Freehand.—First class, Reginald Rowley, Raymond Davenport. Paul W. Brunt, Edith Gerrard, Millicent Allen, Beatrice M. Crompton. Second class, John Clarke, James H. Lankford, Ernest Bennett, Arthur M. Dunn Gertrude Gandy. Arthur Clare, Dobson T. Clark, Mend Chrimes, Walter L. Lockerbie. Geometrical Drawing.—First class, Jane E. Pearson. Second class, Walter S. Lockerbie, Dobson T. Clark, Ellen Townley. _

Light and Shade.—First class, Dobson T. Clarke,Paul W.Brunt,dane E. Pearson. Second class,Ellen Townley, Edith Gerrard, Arthur Hayward, Charles S. D. Adam- son.

Memory Drawing of Plant Form.—Second class, Thomas B. Whitby. Model Drawing.—First class, Dobson T.Clarke,Edith Gerrard. Second class,Edith P. Rogers, Ellen Townley, Gertrude Gandy, Beatrice M. Crompton, Paul W. Brunt, Reginald Rowley, Claude A. Collins, Arthur M. Dunn. Painting Ornament.—Second class, Thomas B. Whi thy. Perspective.—Second class, Dobson T. Clarke, Bertha Pugh. Royal College of Art Scholarship.—Miss Mottram,

CITY AND GUILDS OF LONDON INSTITUTE TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. _ _

Brickwork.L"Ordinary ends : First class, Frederick Altman, Joseph Omen Ord prize and bronze medal), Albert Wright, William Brown, James L. Warburton, Sydney Massey. Second class : Herbert B. H. Sander, James Snailhatn. _ .

- ..... ' Carpentry and Joinery.—Preliminary grade : Pass, T-Tenry ClitTe, Alfred E. Taylor, Arthnt °porgy. Ordinary grade : First class, James Heron ; second class. William 0. Broccm, Henry BoYI., George it. Heald, James McKay, Albert Wright. Honours grade : First class, Sydney Massey. Herbert B. H. Sander ; secorid class, George T. Dale, James L. Warburton. Mr:stmt.-v.—Ordinary grade : First class, Sydney Massey, Herbert B. H. Sander ; second class, James L. Warburton._

Iron and Steel Mannfacture.—Ordinary grade : First year, pass : Robert B. Bennion.•Harry Sherburn, John Tennant, Claude H. Collins, Naboth. Williams. Second year, first class, Harry Sberburn ; second class, Claude A. Collins, Naboth

Leather Tannmg.—Ordinary grade: First class : Quentin Wallington (2nd nrize and bronze medal),John H. Plnmpton, John J. Ireland. Joseph Fillingham r second class, Jacob Bennett. Honours grade : First clsss : Thomas H. Ambler, John Trousdale. Plumber's Work.—Preliminary grade : Pass, Stanley Harrison, Edgar Massey, Fred Clare, Fred Cobb, Harold V. Lea. Ordinary grade : Pass, James George. Honours grade : Second class, William J. Sharpies. Principles of Plumbing.—Honours grade : Second class, James Snailham.. Mechanical Engineenng.—Ordinary : Part L. Pass Thomas A. Wilkinson. Norman Nield, Thomas Wicks, Andrew Smith. Part IT., first class, Thomas A. Wilkin- son, Thom is Wicks, Andrew Smith.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0207.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

COMPENSATION FOR LICENCES.

DECISION NOT YET ARRIVED AT.

Big Claims at Warrington.

The Warrington Compensation Authority held a meeting at the Police Court on Thursday to assess the amount of compensation to be paid in respect of three licences which have been extinguished. The magistrates present were Mr. John Fairclough (in the chair), Aldermen Francomb, Bennett and Tinnion, Councillor Wilkinson, Messrs. C. White, T. Geddes, J. W. Hayward, H. Roberts, C. Jackson Holmes, W. Richardson, G. Pilling, R. T. Fairclough and S. Wright.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0208.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ROPE AND ANCHOR INN.

In the case of the Rope and Anchor Inn Mr. A. Browne appeared for the owners. Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co., and also for the tenant, Mr. Donworth. The total amount claimed he said was £1,86945.The Bench need not trouble themselves about the compensation to be awarded to the tenant as it had been agreed between Messrs. Greeinall, Whitley and Co. and Mr. Donworth that he should receive .Cl5O.

Mr. Roberts : We must approve of it. Mr. Browne : But when I say that we have agreed I am sure you will approve of the amonnt. Mr. Roberts : What the tenant is to receive is for 1 us to decide. Mr. Browne: Pardon me. Not if we agree. I will address the chairman. But it makes no difference to the claim. Continuing he said that for the past three 1 years an average of 151 barrels of beer had been sold la year at the Rope and Anchor. A profit of 14s. Gd. per barrel on that number meant £lO9 9s. 6d. Alderman Tinnion : Is the profit never a varying quantity ? Mr. Browne : 14s. Gd. is the av age for the past three years. The profit out of the bottl d trade averaged £lO 17s. 6d., making a total of £l2O s. An article in .1 the "Justice of the Peace " said on the question of ascertaining the compensation : "In a normal case find the average annual profits and multiply by twelve. To this add the capitalized value of the rent and a further sum for depreciation of trade fixture From this total deduct the capitalized rent likely to bes received when the house is no longer licensed and the result is the amount of the compensation." In making out their claim they had gone exactly on those lines. At present they received £3O rent and that capitalized at 20 years purchase made a total of £6OO. Deprecia- tion of fixtures accounted for £l2O and the alteration of the premises would cost £l9l. They were advised to alter the Inn into a shop. Mr. H. Roberts : That does not come within this case at all. 1

Mr. Browne claimed that the item had to be con- sidered. If the premises were not altered they would only, as a house, produce a rent of between £l2 and £l5 per annum. If the amount was allowed and the premises altered they would get £27 a year. The gross amount of the claim was therefore £2,355 4s. From this had to be deducted the capitalized rent of the shop at 18 years purchase, and when that was done they arrived at the amount of the claim which he had entered. Mr. Roberts thought there should not be the differ- ence in the number of years purchase of two years as between the rent as the inn and the rent of the shop. Mr. Browne : Yes. One is a licensed house and the other is not. A licensed house has more value, and is worth more years purchase than a shop. Councillor Wilkinson : Do you think you could let the shop if you spend £l9l on the alteration ? Mr. Browne : Yes, at once.

===== 0002601_19060908_art0209.txt | included=true | included =====
QUEEN'S HOTEL

In this application Mr. Holloway appeared on behalf of the Corporation, and Mr. J. Longland on behalf of Mr. Richard Sanson, the tenant. Mr. Holloway said that the amount of compensation claimed was £l,Bll 15s. The property was assessed for income tax, under schedule A, at £l4O 175., and the Corporation estimated that by expending £5OO on the conversion of the premises they would be able to get an income of £OO per annum. If the property was not altered they would get about £2O a year. The differ- ence between the two rents, capitalized at 23, years purchase meant £1,271 15s. To this had to beadded £5OO the cost of converting the premises, £2O for deprecia- tion and £2O for loss of rent during reconstruction of the premises, thus bringing the total to £l,Bll 13s. Mr. Browne : May lamend my claim. I have not included any loss of rent. (Laughter.) Mr. H. Roberts : I would like to ask whether the last £2O is a serious claim or whether it is a joke ? Mr. Holloway: It is perfectly serious. The Chairman : Is there any arrangement in respect to the tenant ?

- Mr. Hallaway : No. That is left to the Bench. Mr. Longland suggested that the tenant should receive betweed £3OO and £lOO. Mr. Browne was proceeding to question the applica- tion wkien Mr. Mr. Hallaway objected and contended that Messrs. Greenall Whitley and Co. had nothing to do with the case.

Mr. Browne : As the largest contributors to the compensation fund it affects our pocket. Mr. Longland pointed out that Mr. Sanson held the hotel on lease, two years of which had still to run. His rent was £125 a year. He had gone carefully into the figures as to the profits of the house, and found that they averagod £5 a week. He was entitled at least to £250, and to another half-year's profit of £125. Mr. Roberts : What have you charged in arriving at the net profit?

Mr. fengland : Everything. Rent, rates, gas, coal, servants, &c. Mr. Roberts : If my recollection serves me, at the original application it was stated that the house only just made a profit. Mr. Longhand : I said at that time that the takings were £2O to £2l a week for the whole of the time. Alderman Tinnion : Do you suggest that on a taking of .£2O a week you get a nett profit of 25.' per cent? Mr. Loogland : Ido in this case. This is a free house and the same amount is not charged for liquor as in the case of a tied house. Alderman Tinnion : it is a good business. THE BOAR'S HEAD.

• Mr. Knowles appeareed on behalf of Mrs. Fraser, proprietor of the Boar's Head Inn,tho tenant and Messrs, P. Walker and Sons being represented by Mr. T. S. Steel.

Mr. Knowles said that the total claim was for £2,334 13s. 6d., made up of £1,762 10d. claimed by Mrs. Fraser, £322 3s. 6d. by Messrs. P. Walker and Sons and £lOO by the tenant. Messrs. Wright, Garnett and Wright had drawn up Mrs. Fraser's claim and made it up as follows : Value of licensed house at twenty- live years' purchase £2,000 less value of cottages, into which it could be eonverted,at a nett rent of £7 Its. 6d. at 25 years' purchase after the cost of the conversion had been deduced £1,742 10s. This with £2O added for depreciation of fixtures brought the total to £1,762 10s. Messrs. Walkers only claimed three years' profits and I not twelve as suggested by Mr. Browne. Mr.G.F. F. White(magistrates' clerk) : They are not the actual owners and that makes the difference. Mr. Knowles continuing said that the average sales at the house were 2141 barrels a year, This at 13s. Gil a barrel gave £144 19s. 6d. Half-a-crown a gallon on the spirits sold brought the claim to £487 3s. 6d.and the addition of £35 for depreciation of fixtures made up the claim £522 3s. Gd. The Chairman ; Messrs. Walker had a lease on the premises ?

• Mr. Knowles : They are yearly tenants. They bad a lease whith terminated on the Ist May this year. They paid £BO a year for rent. Mr. G. F. Jr. White : I believe the house was sub- let and the tenant paid £4O a year to Messrs. Walker. Mr. Knowles explained that Messrs. Walker received £4O a year and 4s. a barrel which brought the total to over £SO a year. Mr. Steel submitted that the claim of the tenant for £lOO compensation was only reasonable. He was a man well advanced in years and was not able to follow any employment. Mr. H. Roberts : lam not satisfied as to the locus standi of Messrs. Walker's claim at all. Where does the interests of a yearly tenant come in ? Mr. Steel : I submit that Messrs. Walker need not have gone out until twelve months next May, and that being so they are entitled to some consideration. Mr. FI. Roberts : I would like to be shown that part of the Act which establishes the claim of your client. Mr. Steel : Walkers were the recognized tenants of Mrs. Fraser and section 2 undoubtedly applies to them. Mr. Roberts : But you cannot have two tenants. Does not your second client merge into a manager and as manager has he any claim ? Mr. Steel submitted that the licensee of the house was entitled to benefit by the legislation. After a brief retirement the Bench intimated that they did not approve of the amounts of the claims which they referred to the Inland Revenue Authorities. The question of compensation to the tenants must wait the decision of the Inland Revenue and until then the meeting stood adjourned. Mr. Browne : To save trouble, if any reasonabl3 offer is made we would consider it. The Bench intimated that they had no offer to make and the proceedidgs closed.

Some amusing mistakes made in an essay com• petition on alcohol in Hull are credited to the young essayists in a souvenir which has been lately published. Here are a few of the blunders: "Alcohol is a mocker; at last it biteth like a servant and stingeth like a batter." "To-day mi.ny people are in gaol for committing suicide while under the influence of chink." "A teetotaller is strong and has a better chance to get on in life, whilst a drunkard is weak and fat, and stands at street corners all his life." "It causes liver complaint and consumption, and cities and nations are much more fatal. Shortened lives have been increased." "It ruins many of their families and diseases on the stomach, liver, and consumption." " Alcohol is a dreadful poison which is the root of evilness."

/

a,

===== 0002601_19060908_art0210.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY'S NEXT OPERA. lolanthe.

Our readers will be interested to hear that the War- rington Musical Society has now made complete arrangements for its fourth amateur operatic enter- prise, the work chosen being " lolanthe "—one ai the most pipular of the Gilbert-Sullivan series ' operas. This is to be performed on a magnificet scale in Parr Hall on six nights commencing Monday October 15th, and a repetition of the success whicl has attended previous ventures may be confidentl predicted. It is pleasing to note that the Sock intends making an effort to further that most deserv, ing object—the Infirmary Extension fund. The nr proceeds of Monday's and Friday's performances wi be devoted to this instituCon and the remainder will as hitherto, go to the funds of the Musical Society. Wf understand that the rehearsals, already far advancer have been resumed this week after the vacatic holiday, and the enthusiasm of all concerned is most gratifying. " lolanthe " is an exceedingly pretty fairy opera and the spectacular effects will be very fine. As in the past, the training of the opera company is in the joint hands of Mr. F. H. Crossley, as Conductor and Musical Director, and of Mr. Thornley-Dodge as Stage Manager and Dramatic Instructor. Appended is a list of the Dramatis Persona, :

lOLANTHE. The Lord Chancellor Mr. C. P. Gough. Earl of Mountararat Mr. .T. W. Bibby. Earl Tolloller Mr. J. Babbitt. Private Willis Mr. Walter A. Clay. Strephon Mr. Fred Fieldhouse. Queen of the Fairies Miss Garnett Ball. lelanthe Miss Mabel Henshall. Celia Miss Marie Houghton. Leila Mrs. C. Garton Stoaf Fleta Miss Alice Daunt. Phyllis Mrs. Arthur Booth. _ STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS. Latest Quotations. BANK RATE 31. SETTLING DAYS 13TH SEPT, AND 27TH SEPT. 1906. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. Amodnt Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. BRITISH FUNDS. • £ Consols 217'0 100 —MI xd .21',/.3 Annuities 100 ...93 xd 2.l''. Annuities 100 851 xd Nt. War Loan 22% Red 1910 lOO —97/ xd Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO _9Bl xd Bank of England Stock lOO .279 India Stock 100 -.104; HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian lOO ...110 Glasgow & S.-W. Pref. ord. lOO _641 Great Central Deferred lOO _17:4 Great Central Preferred lOO .361 Great Eastern , 100 ...83 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...46i Great Western lOO -.130 Lancashire and Yorkshire lOO ...104 London, Brighton Sz South Coa.st 100 ...134 London Chatham and Dover 100 142 Londons,nd North-Western lOO .153 London and South-Western lOO ...153 "Metropolitan lOO -.64 Midland Def. Convd. Ord 100 _66 xd Do. Pref. Convd. Ord 100 .66 xd North British 100 ...44 North Eastern Consols lOO .139 North Staffordshire lOO .102 South Eastern 100 ...88 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific 100 ...1821 xd Grand Trunk of Canada lOO ...2S Do. Guaranteed 100 ...104 Do. Ist Pref. lOO ...122 Do. 2nd Pref 100 -114 Do. 3rd Pref lOO .681 BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 -.351 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO -344 London and County 90 -94 London and Westminster 2O .521 Manchester and County 17 -591 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 -.50 Parrs 90 ..86.1. Union of London 15i . 37 Union of Manchester ll ..261, Williams Deacons 8 252 BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Greeton 5% Cum. Pref. lOO -.116 Bell arid Co. Ord Beats Chester's ho edsdti enßfssrteoown re, sdr y OrdO rd , lO ...11i 10 -54 10 8 10 1 Groves & Whitnal s'l. Cu. Pref 10 ...81 Guinness (A.) Son S; Co, Ord. lOO 65 sla u Manchester Ord. lO .2!. Parker's Burslem Ord. 10 ...101 Springwell Ord I 19 ...74 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO '), Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum Pref 10 ...9.3, TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Ord lOO ...6 7 Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6% lOO —lO9 do. Def. Ord. lOO ...109i do. Ist Pref. 61/0 lO ...11i do. 2nd Pref. Minimum 6% lO ...111 ' Nat. relephone 3TlR%ADme%l3l.,ASytosc.k - 100 ...981 Blackpool Fic Fleetw'd Trarnroad lO ...121 xd British Electric Traction Ord. lO ...51 Man. Carriage and Tramways A _7l _3O/ 0 do. do. B 5 -.151'0 do. do. C 3l —l5O Southport Tramways 5 ..3i INDUSTRIALS, ex Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51,/.. Cum Pref. _ 1 ...16/G _ __ .

Bleachers Asso. s:c. Cum. Pref. 1 .21%9 Boy. Ord. (7% Cum.) 1 .21/3 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 25/0 ad Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Prof. 1 21/6 British Insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 7

British Insulated and Belsby Cables V, Cum. Pref 5 ...5-4 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ordl ...5a Brunner Mon.l and Co. Ltd. 7% Pref. lO ...171 Buxton Lime Firms 10 —64 Calico Printers Ordinary 1 Castner Kellner Alkali 1 ...21/9 'Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 ...5 Crosfleld (J.) & Sons, 5% Cum Pre. Pref. 10 ...10/H Crosfields, 11% Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO ...102 Crosfield, 41% 'A' Deben lOO ..96N xd English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 —26/6 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO ...8k do. do. do. do. B 8 .61 Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ordl ...34/oxd Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cum. Pref lO ...121 xd 4% Debs, Red. 100 ..98 xd Hunters the Teamen Ord. 1 ...36/0 Lover Brothers, 5% Corn. Prof. 10 ...111 Lipton Ordinary 1 ...20,0 Meldrum Bros., 51% Prof. 1 —l5/0 Mond Nickel Co. Ltd., Ord. 1 ...51/0 do. do 7""lo Cum. Pref. 5 ...7 Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum Prof. . 5 ...42 Nantyglo & Blaina 8% Pref. 621 ...S3 Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 ...5 do. do. 6% Cum. Prof. 5 Ai Public Benefit Boot 6% Cum. Pref.s ...4? xd Perrins Ltd. Ord. 1 ...216 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord 1 ...38/6 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6% Cum. Pref 5 ...6+ Salt Union Ordinary 4 ...16/6 United Alkali Ordinary lO _77'o do. do. 7% Corn. Prof. lO ...iil xd do. do. Deb. ... 100 ...no , Vulcan Foundry 1 ...27/G Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd.... 7l ...6,1- - do. do. do. do. do, lO —Bl Warrington Land & Property Co , Ltd. Ord. 1 —l7/6 do. do. do / B Shares Warrington and Distnet Billpost- ing & Advt. Co.' Ltd. l7/6 ...17/6 MINES. British South Africa (Char.; 1 ...32/11 Charter Trust and Agency 1 ...14/3 Cons. Goldflold of S.A. 1 ...41 East Rand Proprietary 1 —.41 ' Hendersons Johannesburg Consolidated 1 Kaffirs Consolidated 1 ...22/0 , Oceanas 1 . .21/3 ' Rand 'Mines 5/- ...61 Randfonteins 1 _38;3 0' , Rhbdesia Exploration Tanganyika 1 ..6„- '• . Transvaal Estates 1 •..14'O t. Salisbury Buildings The above list and prices have been comp MOSS 73. T. and .T. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and. be ' ill , brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and w ound_r_eli_a±__. Lico/4 . Warrington.—Printed and published by ..701r..T & Co., at The Exantiner General Printing Worf,i, the sa"'d ' Bewsey-street, and published by them at .11._,,i, place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victor_farr'_., ~ WIDNES: 32, George-street, ST. HELENS: 3, I‘l ,!,‘..f:4 ' street, EiIi.LESToWN; Church-street Runoing, 0" .:' Bth, 1906., ileSaharo '

I

I

of nt Lay rv4 11, ire ion te. AO, , .10 ,

===== 0002601_19060908_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
• WM. M'CLEAN & SONS MONAGHAN, IRELAND. • LEALBRS IN FIRST-CLASS IRISH HUNTERS AND CARRIAGE HORSES AND JOB MASTERS. We beg to thank the izentry of Liverpool and surround. 4- rig districts for their past patronave since opening our LIVERPOOL BRANCH : (1111411 , • SANDON MEWS, 80, EGERTON ST. L 46011 mxitcro Where, 0wi122 to the Increasing demand for our Speciality in Righ-ciass Carriage and Hunting Horses. aryl to supply this demand we have completed extensive alterations, and trust, by strict and personal supervision of ly'siness, to retain the confidence in the future Re in the past of our numerous • Patrons. Also soliciting the favour of those in want of good, soon& High-class Irish Horses at moderate prices, to entrust us with their requirements, our sole aim being attention and entire entisfaction in our dealings with customers. No 1539 ONE PENNY SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 135 1906: By Post' Ix 73i per SLI Quarter 5s xs per Quarter TX A Li 3 11 3 14 A A V II 1 a 1 c •

MALE NURSES AT A MOMENT'S NOTIOIL LIVERPOOL MALE 8z FEMALE NURSES' INSTITIITION. (ESTABLISHED 1878), HOPE HOUSE, HOPE-STREET,' LIVERPOOL. Telephone : 2570 Royal. Telegrams : Nurses, Liverpoql.

NEW AUTUMN GOODS ! H NEW CHECK DRESS FABRICS. NEW IMPERIAL WATERPROOF COATS NEW AUTUMN COATS AND COSTUMES. NEW LACES. NEW GLOVES, A:c., &c. W. T. WILLIAMS, WHITE HOUSE, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

S. FERNLEY, LTD.. 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINUTON WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

BEWbEy itOAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, wARRINGrON. ON SUNDAY NEXT. SEPTEMBER 9,rEr 1906. Morning 10.31. Rev. WILLIAM MELLOR. Evening 6.30.1 MR. JOHN UPSON. AU welcome. Hymn Books provided.

KENT & SON, JEWELLERS SINCE 1760 70, DBANCGATB (opposite Barton Arcade.) MANCHBSTBR, ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE'OF SPECIALITIES POST FREE ON APPILOATION.

H. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY ST., (LEGH ST., CORNER), WARRINGTON. HIGH-CLASS TAILORING AT A REASONABLE COST. UP-TO-DAT3 LADIES TAILORING A SPECIALITY,

BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 97m. 1906. PREACHER . Rev. JOHN MITCHELL, of Egremont. Monnt4o. 10.45. " Lessons from the Greatest Mystery." livmyttgo. 6.30. " Better than gold. " IvErtypoDy WELCOME. HYMN BOOKS PROVIDED.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per OZ, COVHRLETTH I TAILS OF ; FROM HAIR FRAMES, PETRIt 5/6 FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

SMOKE SUDLOW'S " OLD BOY'S" TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE Is. 7D. PER LB. TIN; 68. PER LB. T. Sup Low & WHOLESALE AND RETAILICIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 414 Y.

GREAT SALE OF MA ILCARTS. END OF SEASON. GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. PENDLEBUR S-c. CENTRAL STATION, WARRINGTON.

ENR Y ILES, Detective and Confidential Agent. I 1.1 If you want an objeot accomplished apply to Henry Iles, who conscientiously undertakes all personal matte!s with tact and ability.— Address, 68, KELLETT RD, Brixton, London, S W. Telegrams " Ilestian, Loud

IL7SOLISR TOMATOES —, 6D. per lb. .1.2 A BLACK CURRANTS 6D. „ „ GRERNGAGE AtcDERISIOTT. Cheapest Man Alive, Wholesale Market. Warrington.

FIVE SECOND-HAND PIANOS (RETURNED FROM EIRE). FOR SALE. CASH OR EASY PAYSTENTS. GUARANTEED 10 YEARS. TUNED FREE 12 Mormae. B. WADS WORTH'S, 59. SANKRY-sTREET, WARRINGTON,

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHHAPEiT Ev EH OFFICERS) TO TFIE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND is. BD., ZACII wHoLVIALEt BY J. GEDDF.S & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. EriTABI MED 1833.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS LIABILITY, BURGLARY , AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1.000,000 CLAIMS PAID g5,0.10,0U0 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAL Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 301 IN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented aistricts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Bridge St. . Mr. W. H. RlGHEY.Nessoliffe, Victorla-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street kl,ydock Mr. J. BILLINGS'. The Willows eandbach Mr. F. J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

FIRST PIaZE CHESHIRE CHEESE. 0 J. B. ISAAC, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. HAS SECURED TUE WHOLE OF THE DAIRY WHICH HAS TAKEN THE FOLLOWING PRIZES:- IST AND SPECIAL AT NANTWICH ; IST AND CHAMPION AT RUTHIN ; IST AND CHAMPION AT AUDLEM ; DUKE OF WESTMINSTER'S PRIZE AT RUTHIN FOR BEST CHEESE IN SHOW.

MARili'S HARDWARE STORES, 53, SANKEY STREET. BUST VALUE Iti TRUNKS, J APANESE BASKETS, &c.

R. CLAMP AND SON. MANUFACTURERS TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (CuW HIDE) From 203. Od. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. Od. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL C ERAL BUILDINGS, 41A, NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

2ND EDITION NOW :REAM! ORDER AT ONCE.

THE WARRINGTON. FOOTBALL ANNUAL AND SPORTS RECORD

is a new publication which we have compiled for the convenience of all Warrington FOOTBALLERS CRICKSTERS RUNNERS CYCLISTS SWIMMERS BOWLERS, ETC. It contains a abort history of the Warrington F.C., first team and " A "team fixtures, Northern League fixtures Warrington and District Association League fixtures, local scoring records and facts often asked about, cup-tie chronicles (Rugby and Association), swimming, running, and cycling records, the Works Cricket Competition, the addresses of the secretaries of all Warrington football, athletic, and sport- ing clubs, together with PORTRAITS of the WARRINGTON " A " TEAM (Lancashire Combina tion Champions 1934-5 and 1905-6), C. BERRY (champion cyclist), C J. STRAW (cross-couni-y champion) and T. P. BRADSHAW (the pioneer of losal Association football.) The" WARRINGTON FOOTBALL ANNUAL t SPORTS RECORD" will be an indispensable ENCYCLOPM DIA OF LOCAL SPORT, 0 PAGES FOR ID. ON S 1 fO.DAY, AT ALL NEWSAGENTS, AND AT THE "EXAsIINER OFFICE." BEWSEY ST., WARRINGTON.

LONDON-LIVERPOOL Dit.MS AGENCY, 5 BOLD ST.. LIVERPOOL. LADIES CAN DISPOSE OF THEIR WARDROBE AT THIS AGENCY ON COMMISSION. SEND FOR CIRCULAR. UP-TO-DATE DRESSES NOW ON SALE.

BRITISH AND FORICItiN WATCH SUPPLY COMPANY, 15. GOlllO3 PIAZZ AS, LIVIIRPOOL A SINGLE ARTICLE AT wRoLusALR PRIOR. Rolled Gold Waltham Hunter, 385. ; 10 years guarante. Rolled Gold WalthAm Huot.r(open face)with any MOCIO A raM. 38s, ; 10 years' guarantee. Rolled Gold Curb Albert (single), Is. fid. (double) ss. ; 10 years guarantee. Nickel elated Watch (good timekeeper)—not a toy, 45. 9 Carat Ladles' Gold Keyless Watch, 255. ; 5 years' warranty. 14 Carat Ladles' Gold ICeyless Watch, beautifully enamelled, 32e. od. ; 5 years' warranty. CREQLTES and MONHY ORDREt3 PAYABLE to A. ROCHB, fdanager.,Mention paper. Terms: remittance wli h orders.

ONE PENNY WEEKLY. CHRISTIAN CIRCLE STORIES. No. 1. is a Fine Story by SYDNEY WATSON, entitled "MID LONDON'S GLARE." ON SALE EVERYWHERE. NOW READY.

G / 1.11AGBBL" RAZOBS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. EHEFFIELD MARE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 23. 6d., 38., 38. 6D., AND 53. 6D J. O. DODD. 10, ST. JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SA.LVEI INCREASING DAILY.

wHI,KY I WHISKY!? As supplied for over half a Century to the Army and Navy. Bny from the Highlands direct. " . BERDFEN CLUB" S A COICH VV HIERY. C. & W. STEWART, ADHLPHI, ABIWHIuN. Sole Proprietors. rounded 1832. 395, per doz. carriage paid. Two Sample Bottles, by poet, fle, 101. "EXCELLENT FLAVOUR AND ROUQUET, AND IN A THOROUGHLY SOUND Conntrtms FOR IJONSUmpT/nr." J. GRANT-TEPHRN, Phi/- AM:MOSS OPIIN.

eIOUINTY BuROUGH OF WARRINGToIc.- k WATERWORKS DEPARTMENT. The WATER COMMITTEE are PREPArtiID t IttiOulVE TBNDIOIS for FURL. Particulars may be had from the underaigned. Tenders to be delivered by 22nd September, 19C6. Municipal Offices, JAMES DHAS, 6th September, 1906. Water Engineer.

%DUNI Y BOUOLJOLI OF WARIIINOTO:N.— k-i EDUCATION COMMITTEE. ASSISTANT COOKERY MIS MESS. Applications are invil ed for the post of Assistant Cookery Bliatress. Commencing salary £7O per annum. Forms of application (which must be returned by not later than the 19th September) and further particulars can be obtained from Education Office, J. MOORE MURRAY, Mo., Sankey at, Secretary and Director. 31st Auguak, 19C6.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON, EDUCATION COMMITTER. SCHIM. OF AEU'. RE-OPENS ON MONDAY SEPrEMBER 3RD, 193. HEAD MASTER. C. B. AYL WARD. Fees : £3 per Session or 21s. per term paid in mimmee. Intending students are requested to interview the Head Master at the School, Museum et., on Monday morning September 3rd 1906. Education Office, J. MOORE MURRAY, Sankey st., secretary and Director. August 21st 1906.

THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOTS GOOD CLOTHING SHOULD BE WORN BY EVERYONE, YOUNG AND OLD. THE CLOTHS ARE ALL MADE FOR HARD NONE BETTER. Well c•tt and trimmed. Well made and bailt:.up. ' Smart and up-to-date and always keep their shape. Extensive Stock to meet the views of everyone in Mens' Youths' and Boys'. Every variety to please at prices no one can touch for Quality and Finish. SUITS TO MEASURE, 28/6, 33/6, 39/6, 45/- SPLENDID VALUE. MANCHESTER TAILORING Sr, CLOTHING DEPOT,' 8 & io, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT CO., LIU FOR GOOD BOOTS. UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF W Atittl NGTOIN • EDUCATION COMMITTER. EVENING SCHOOLS. SCHOOL OF ART. CENTRAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. AND SRADMH TECHNICAL SCHOCLS. RE-OPEN ON MONDAY, SSPTSUBER 10TR, 1906. ProSpeotus and furthur particulars may be obtained from the Head Masters and Superintendents of the echoole, and from Education Office, J. MOORE MURRAY, Sankey St , Secretary and Director. August 2lst, nos.

DUBLIIN, ALSO ENGLIsa L AKEt.-3 TEDCAsTLE4 LINE. --- kr Dublin Horse Show 28th to 31st, Aug, also visit of Atlantic Fleet. BLACKROCK," " C172.18R15," AEBLANA," and " ADEL/I," from SOUTH SIDE NELSON DOCK, Liverpool Ryan, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, to DUBLIN. RETURN SALOON, 109, ; STEERAGE, 5.; with Cheap Excursion Tickets EVERY SAILING DAY. to Bundoran. Bray, Wicklow, &c. ; also on Fridays and Saturdays to Killarney. Cork, &c. The fast S.S. BLACKEOCK from LIVERPOOL on Tuesdays and Fridays, and from DUBLIN Mondays and Wednesdays. SHORT DATE TICKETS on Fridays to DUBLIN, Including Raul, Saloon Fare, Hotel, Meals, Ice., as advertised 3 days 275. 6d. or 5 daps 42e, 6d. SrECIAL ROUND SEA TRIP, per "Cumbria," Every Saturday, to Whitehaven, giving 3 days for hngliell Lakes, thence to Dublin,and hack to Liverpool (6 days or 2 months). Saloon 205 as per Sailing Bills. Apply TEDCASTLE, McCORMICK. & CO.. LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Telegrams, " Tedcastle." Telephone 975.

DIARRHCEA. During the list half-century everyone travelling in hot climes has made a point of carrying some DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORO DYNE, so as to .to Immedistely an attack of DIARRHCEA, DYSENTERY OR CHOLERA. Hot weather in tbe British Isles stnikes suddenly, and everyone should take a little precaution. Don't wait till you actually need the Chlorodyne but always keep It by you. Avoid disappointment and insist on having DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S HLORODYNE. IT Acrs LIKE A MIAMI. Of all Chemists Is. lid., 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d.

EBTABIISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERI COL, nutali MARSH AND ZPRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable;tor wed dint and Birthday Present/, School Prize,. ko. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OE PHOTOCLIAPHE for Crystoletan and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAV Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

A BROKEN-DOWN SYSTEM. This is a condition (or disease) to which doctors give many names, but which few of them really understand. It is simply weakness—a break-down, as it were, of the vital orces that sustain the system. No matter what may be its mats (for they are almost numberless), its symptoms are much the same; the more prominent being sleeplessness, sense of prostrat'on or weariness, depression of spirits and want of energy for all the ordinary affairs of life. Now,what alone is absolutely essential in all such eases Is INC RE aSED VlTALlTY—vigour —VITAL STRENGTH AND SNER(*Y to throw off these morbid feelings, and experience proves that as night succeeds the day this may be more certainly secured by a course of the celebrated life-reviving tonic. IHERAPION No. 3. than by any outer KM", NA combination. So surely as it is taken in accordance with the printed •grections accom- panying it, will the shattered health be restored, the EX- PIRING- LAMP OF LIFIS LIGHTRD UP AFRHISH, and a new existence imparted in place of what had So lately seemed worn-out, used up," and valueless. This wonderful restorative is purely vegetable and innocuous,is agreeable to the taste—suitable for all constitutions and conditions, is I either sea ; and it Is difficult to imagine a case of disease or derangement, whose main features are those of d ebility that will not be speedily and permanently benefited by this never-failing recuperative essence, which is destined to oast Into oblivion everything that has preceeded it for this wide- spread and numerous class of human ailments TrIERAPION may be procured in England at 28 9d. and 4s 6d post free for P. 0.. from Mr. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD SQUAWS LONDON, W.C. Purchasers should see that the word t"THERPION "appears on British Government Stamp) in white letters on a red ground) affixed to every package by order of His Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, and without which It is a forgery

JOHN I,UNT, BAUL(fI9O7: :BEATON-AL CONTRACTOR. EXPERIENCED MEN: EMPLOYED. ESTIMATESFREE. TELEPHONE No. 107.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS 01.1 ti INDS OF`LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FASIOUS r EMALM PILLS, HAVE HAD A•WORLD-WIDE RRPUTATION AS A 1300 N TO VV OMANICIND They are the best known Remedy for Antetn ia Giddiness, FuMess and Swelling after Meals, Los' of Appetite,liveteta,Palpitation of the Heart,Debility Depression, Weakneam, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9id.. ls. lid.. 2s. 9d.45. 6d. and Ils. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS COUGM MIXTDRI4, gives instant relief as proved by hundreds of testimonials. Bottles 3/- and 4/9 post paid from the proprietors, 309 PORTOBRLLO-NoAD, NOTTING MILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

M s. THOS. CLARKE, STATIoNER AND NEWSAGENT, " RXASIINER " OFFICH, 33, MARKET STREET, RARLESTOIRN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PREHEATS.

• rHE WARRINGTON EXA NUN FR. IS NOW PUBLISHED ON FRIDAYIAF PERNOON, —PRICE ONE PENNY— AND IS ON SALE AT THE VARIOUS' SEWS AGENTS AT ABOUT 4 O'CLOCK.: SHOULD ANY DIFFICULTY BE EXPERIENCED IN GETTING THEYPAPER THE PROPRIETORS WILL UNDERTAKE TO DELIVER 'AMCOPY AT ANY ADDRESS P 4 WARRINGTON BY 5 O'CLOCK:ON FRIDAY AFTERNOONJWITHOUT EXTRA. CHARGE. Address all communications to EXANIINER OFFICE, BEWAET STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE LINCOLNSHIR RESID,',NTIAL SCHOOL E of Cookery and Household Sciences. Girls trained as Lady Cooks or Helps; happy home; careful training._ Apply to the Principal, wbo holds a full Teacher's Diploma, MISS IivERATID, "Park House," Louth, Lincolnshire. SOUTHPORT MOt)ERF SCHOOL.—A. FlRST- class BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOY 3. Healthy locality. Splendid new buildings. Large staff, including 8.A., B.Sc., dc. Excellent results. Recent distinctions In languaces and science. Heel Master J. 0. Underwood, I A.0.P.,F.H.G.5. IRP;rO

Kandl. D A .y.fi .1 Cs 67 }To( )- L 01F -RWI GIRLS;LLOWS B 0.--y I BOARDING received up to ten years of are; Sebool re--Tens Tuesday. September 18th; Prinelpata at borne on Monday. deptemb er 17th. A full term'a netioe reqtilred before the removal of a pron.—Principals Mimi 11. RIBTLEV an 4 Miss M. L. PECK.

()N THN COTSWOLD HILLS.—The Nerlands (late the Old Victraire) Painsvatcl4, Gloucestershire. LADY STUTINNTS in GARDKNIBG taken. Landscape, Market, and Private. Decoration and Florist Work. Write for proa— prctus. Neat term commences Oct. lat.—Prinoipal, J. IiI7BSELL, Landecape Gardener and Florist.

TVEWLANDS HIGH SCHOOL, Heaton Moor 1 (Easy distance of Manchester).—Very successful Boarding School for girls ; nioe resident and visiting English and foreign teachers ; first assistant BA. ; many successes in public exams ; next term September 20th. erincipal, Mrs. BIACKNLA.N, Illustrated prospectus. Vacancy for two boarders at 10 guineas per term.

THE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTO LODGE Stockton Heath, WarrlngtOn. —Day and Boarding School for Girls Kindergarten. Preparatory Sam! for Boys. PRINCIPALS, TIN 31156 RS PAR rINGTON (late of 23, I Wilson Patten street). Prospectuses, S., on application. SIXTY-SIX SUCCESSUS IN 21 YKARS. NO FAILURRS The next term will cornmenee (ii.V.) on Monday Sept. 171 h

MRERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of lansie,organtet and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church, PIANO, ORGAN, TREOIIY, fIARNIONI", COUNTIVI- - MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 130 Certificates aud Prizes gainedi by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' prsuane.—For terms apply 134. LOVKLY-LABIN and Legli Street, Warrington.

lAIA NC .E 1 NS TER CRANIMAR 6AIOOI. IeEE £4 4s. AND £5 51. PER TERM. THE NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, SHP. 19ru. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 172 H AT 9 A.M. Prospectuses, Forms of Application &a., may be had at the school. The boarding Imam in connection with the school Is situated at Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX. Receiver.

viT AR KIN GT(IN RAM MAR, SCHOOL- THE NEXT TEtlll will begin on THURSDAY, SEPTEMIDIR 132 E. • Tho Headmaster will be at the school te interview parents on Wednesday, September 12th, from 11 to I and 3 to 5. NEW PHYSIC 3 AND CHEMICAL LABORATORIES. WORKSHOP, LECTUdE ROOMS, AO. Preparatory Form for Bora from 8 to 12 years of age. PROSPECTUS AND SCEIOOL LIST ON APPLICATION, SKER UOLLEOE, r. 51 BOLD SEIM, I.9IVERPOOL GIVES the BEST TUITION for CIVIL SERVICE, UNIVERSITY, PROFESSIONAL, and TEACHERS' BXAMIBATIOI2B, and the MOST P.teCrtcAL TRAINING for COMMERCIAL LIFE. EACH DEPAILTHENT 'ls manned by a highly organised and experienced Staff, under the direction of gentlemen Of the highest scholastic attainments, and of proved teaching skill. T(-1 HE IVIL SERVICE DEPARTMENT Enables young I.eople to enter upon the most attractive career at present open to those who are well educated—the Public Sertifie It pre- pares boys and young men between 14 and 22. anci girls and young ladies between 14 and 20 years of age, for tho Open Competitive Examinations by whkh the various Governmeat situations are secured. E PROFESSIONAL .VEPART3e ENT Opens up careers directly dependent on educa- tion, by enabling students, In the shortest time POssibiP, to pass the Medical, Arts, Science, Pharmaceutical, Dental, Law, Accountants', Architects', and Bankers' Preliminary Itxam,na— Lions. rya rra II EACH ERS' DEPARTMENT Enables those entering the Educational Pro- fession to pass the King's Scholarship tixamina- tion, and th,s to obtain a Normal :cloool training, which is the passport to all the higher posts in the profession ; It also assists those MOO have already passed the King's Scholarship Examination to obtain the Teachers' CertiScate without which no advancement is possible. COMMHE kl ERCIAL DEPARTMENT Sets the aspirant in business life on the road to Success, by giving the most efficient Training in all the subjects necessary for a business career. Shorthand, Typewriting, Book-keeping, Hand- writing, Commercial Correspondence and Commercial Arithmetic are thoroughly, skilfully and orazticallv taught. Students, on completing the course of study, recelv,e appointments in good offices. EACH DEPARTMENT Gives Day, Evenine,and Correspondence Tuition so that every one nss the chance to benefit by the carefully planned schemes of work. , LAST YEAR THE SUCLJESSE3 OF TRH COLLEGE NUMBERED 1806, • A FULL PROSPECTUS IS PUBLISHED FOR BACH DEPARTMENT, AND MAY BE HAD POST FREE,

i. Is. , ~T, Aisil VI . , . . s, li 0 5 i /41 1119 I ) ./ 77 • ti 1 , / , - o a oil° ' .. . ••••. I , I 1, • ti , :.=------ - . _ shoulders turns back a wide sailor collar of linen or drill, adorned with three rows of scarlet braid. In the opening thus made is displayed a little vest and neckband of the white material, embroidered with a scarlet anchor and trimmed with the scarlet braid. Down the front runs a wide box-pleat, flanked by two wide tucks, and adorned with largo blue buttons. The frock is held in to the figure by a waistband of scarlet patent leather. Moderate- sized sleeves with tucked cuffs complete the little costume. ABOUT SLEEVE& Apropos of sleeves among the best-dressed women on this aide of the Channel, there is evinced less and less inclination, says Mrs. Jack May in the Bystander, to court the ex- travagant and more desire to meet the decreed I mode in a practical spirit. Outside the elon- I cated. close-fitting under-sleeve. usually of kce , - -AP -1011901" i", Itiriat , t ~-,. - ,--:-., -.......4- . •`-':%, , /I'l'4llFC r ~I: /it -4, ' 4' ' .4: ; 01* .- '4••?..: ...: • ..- pwrsirs., ' - " - , - : • ."" . s , 0 an,- 40 10 ~ _ _ !li. • -:, • -....:Z.' Pr S .., 4 . s', „,,..,) , , ~,,,,,,.....,A .50,4,› W:4.....- IP Al/4 ' •yr et- ', , ~..A IF) r ... WITH Frzt • ,1 )1111811 .4° Seasonable Delicacies! 1 SEPTEMBER. j , ature provides the ruit: , DIS FOR THE MONTH. f .7 li "ird" supplies the Custard: 44 ' Stewed SHE Apples & Custard. ,:,: , - Sliced Bananas & Custard. Dr" Z.-ry then i ~1' ,;` . stewed Pears & CJatard.loge tiler. •40 .;.- Sewa td Plums & Custard. ••,,r , Blackberries & Cuatar d BIRD'S CUSTARD is the one thing 1., ' Stewed . _ -'4..5,' Stewed Damsons & Custard, needed with all Stewed, Tinned, —: or Bottled Fruits. It enhances Qhfult um ,t t'ol' ..„ 0 ~. their flavour, and imparts to .4.. •,, . ^ them a grateful mellowness• ~ ;

: ...,;.:*,:.' ]:iiig.i'::::gii:::':ii:-.f:',.::,::.:',:,•:. .:.',i':.i.LLiQ:ii::‘,i. ..ft'',::i.,iiiitio::•::';)..:'.-.....:.'.:. VAltei% .it:!:. ''',..:::,iiii':'-::::::o,iio:l'l','k::,:t.ig:ENE'; i*E::::::::,:.?... :.,:i::::t:::;x:M:',$,,:,::::. k..3:::::::.;:::* :,:::::::::::::,.:. ::':....;xi.: ..,,.. .....,.::::::::•:;E:::::::: :::',:::::::*-,..,, :,'........:', ''f....., ... ::::.::;:.::i.,::::::, :.:::.,:t0:::.",:::!Ei*'::•:,.."....i: '.:' .: .:....':i:*:*:',', i:i:::iii:.:;i': V,'. ""1: :,,.ii,?;,i,,,:,.. :';:iiiiiiiiii. ii:i::::*;:i.,..': :*E....,,. : `...',:i*,;... 1:i:::i:::K: ..:.:.:::E.?..;:ti:.;...*,:::ii*,.:.• ..:..:,:::-: ::..!:,:::::i* .:V4WAN,":1::::::•:•.:: :,::',:.:i,:..,..' . ":i;i:iiiirp: :e.: ',.. :,i3.*.'''' '..—ti.:iti, ::::.,....e:::::::•:::x , ::.,:f.. . ~. c..:.::::, , ..k.:::::.:.:, ::7::,..:1,:::.. *...,,.........*.ii ..,., :::"... ,•<.'4,i3...mir .. .. „ , ..44,,.: .: •

_ _..,',. ' , "Scotch 4- Pancakes" -or j\ydrop scones, .Dainty for Cea as iq the l ,k. "the lana o' cc4es." , Made in 15 minutes with Brown & Poison's "Paisley Flour," per recipe in Paisley Flour packets. The best results are easily obtained by. the use of BrownePolson.s 1 raising powder "Paisley Flour" ('Crade aCal k ).

MAZAWATTEE • TEA Pure. Fragrant. Recalls the Delicious Teas. of 30 Years ago. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS.

THOUSANDS ARE Using Bradford's ' VOWEL ' W?shlng Maditne tom WASHING A HOME, saving time, labour, and v and tear of clothes. Illustrated Catalot 41:;n application. THOMAS BRA RD & CO, 140 to 112. I ligh Ifolhor Victoria A venue, Manche:4er ; 10 o Street. Lit erpool ; Crescent Iron Works, Salford.

LpRINB LARDS--Freenold Lana, Workshops and Build PI; Ingo, nearly 103 yards frontage River Weaver. Also . large band saw, table and lathe, treble purahate.—Apply, Tomkrcsow. Look at.. Nortbwleh.

VILLA.—TO BE SOLD or LET, superior semi-detached Villa, just completed, in Marlborough Crescent, Latchford-without. Magnificent outlook, large garden ; every modern convenience.—Apply F. W. WRIGHT, Builder, I 27. bt . Mary's et., Warrington.

CHIEF RRINTS (FIRST FiIIIEHOLD). Ll5O, £l2O. £7O, £4O. £2O. £l2, £lO, from 23 to 2lt ears purchase only. This Investment cinnot, be equalled average £4 3s. 4d. per cent. W. G. NAYLOR & Co., Surveyors,Central Chambers,Liverpool

10.000 HANDBILLS 10f. 6d., 1,000 bilibeads 45., LOCO Memos 3e. 6d TIzARD & Co-, 65 and 68, Cierkenwell rd., London B.C. Estimates br Printing free.

V Q. M —What Is K.O.M. ? It is an excinisite blend of choice tobaccos at a moderate price. Sample Ilb. tin, is. 9& post free- Smoke 1{.0.11.—W. B. Kicromaat. '.robacco Blneder, St Albans.

IMMIX IN IT —Remnants by weight J. experience unnecessary ; send stamp for catalogue oldest estAblished.—COCHßANE'S WARITECDUSE, Regent rd. Salford, Blanchester. _

CLOCKS. jest being imported; greatest novelty ; made from dinner plates, price 3s. 91. ; send at once. secure order; only limited number.-131PORTER, 35, Valetta rd. Acton, W. London.

WATCHES, Gent's Keyless, oxidised or nickel, 32-hour Wind, first-class timekeepers, superior appearance and finish ; only 3s. ; trade supplied.—GENuaiL BOVELTY Co., 16, South Castle st., Liverpool. 117 pay for those that won't. We supply ItNGLISH YV LEVER advertised Worldwide at sfis. for 254. Just half. send P.O. for particulars. Approval. Guaranteed.— CortiNs Carr lane. Hull.

VIAL'S PINAFORR COMPEL& V.—Pinafores cannot las / beaten. Infants from 23. IIL, Girls from 33. lid. doz. Send for sample lOs. psreet Cash with order, satisfaction truarantead.-34, FORRPT RD., Nottinzbam.

WHITE BUTTER PAPER 123. 6d. per cwt. Grease Proof, 225. ; Cheese Paper, 10s. Cao Paper from 6d. ; Sweet Bags, loz Cups. 60. 1,000. LONGWORTH'S, Oak et., Thomas et.. Blanches 6Pr. riIYPEWRITING—kPER, Is. H. per ream ; ribbons any colour 2s. each ; carbons and colour, 4s. per 103 ; envelopes Is. 44. per 1.000 and upwards ; samples tree ; quality best.—Histu, 42. Goswell rd., London.

A RMY BLUIJHBRS I Army Blucters ! 1-4,000 pairs of !V new sewn Bluchers, very best leather soles. Will send one pair, any elze, poet free, for 5e 6d. Cult returned if not approved of.--H. J. GASSON.Governm.rit Contraat er.Rve.

ALL Hairdressers should try Curnberbirch's celebrated QUERN RAZOR, cheapest and best yet produced ; every razor guaranteed ; praised by all usere.—Write for price to 27, ROCHDALE RD .ShudAhill, Manchester.

D use Foreign doors, Ifnglish made. 61t. 61n. 1.1 by 2ft. 61n. by liin. sq•nre. 4s 93 ; mould two sides, hs lid ; solid moulded, 4s lid • all other sizes in stock ; send builder's trade card for list. —IE.TINING9 & Co., Pennewell rd., Bristol.

NVPAY YOU well for Introducing our new Mal Polish to friends. Your choice of high-grade cycles, cameras, watches, jewellery. phonographs, model engines, &c.—Particulars from WING.A. Mb. Co., Dept. 8, Chiswick, London.

THE GRAND OLD MAN that was !Gladstone), one of .1 England's noblest and greatest statesmen ; a Bold Medallion of him in massive relief in Antique Bronze ; splendid for hall or corridor ; a pleasing and lasting memento for sale eheap.—WooDsoar, Marple.

V lOLIN in Case, with Bow and Pittings complete for V immediate disposal ; will sacrifice for 17s. 6d. ; also dark solid oaa Hall Stand, £2 25., worth £3 IN. : cash urgently needed-Apply Box 3755,0/0 SHARROW & THATCHER Holborn place, London.

000 WHEIALS,Iin.& In pitch,ls. 11d. each; 500 new Gadd*. best leather, 2s. 6d. each ; 1,000 silver-plated handle-bars, 2s. 6d. each ; chains, bells, spanners, bags, lamps, prices right. Write for 83 page wholesale list. frae.—WARRILOW & Weeton-mper-Mare.

A N EXCEPTIo3AL BARGAIN.—Lady willing to marl- -13.. fine New Solid Gold Watch (wedding present), together With Guard for 28s. ; splendid timekeeper ; warranty given ; money returned if not satisfied.—Miss SHEPPARD, ID, St. Albans rd., Dublin.

GOT RATS? F SO, USE SANFoRD'S POISONS. It ends the trouble by destroying them. Rats, Mice. Moles. Is., like it, eat it, and perish Try the remedy, you will be delighted with the result. Price Is. Bd. to be, per box, of all Chemists, or SANFIRD it SON. Sandy, Beds.

rro BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive JL Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with 'siding to the railway. SuP"able for Chemical or other works requiring space—Address S HOMING, 18, Fenwick street, Liverponl.

WIRE NAILS (511xed), Bs. per cwt, nibs, 2s. 3d7; Screw., mixed. 28s. per cwt, ?81b. 71. 6d.; Wire, Cut, Wrought, and Malleable Nails Ta4ks, Rivets, eta•, etc., wholesale prices.—Mxmaxn Nam Wong% 25 and 26,1aa at., Brimingharn, JOHN PYNEd. Proprietor.

llow to Save Money ?—By using the ' Tuffo ' Regd. Gas Mantle. Chemically treated, proof against vibration, and retains its brilliant lighting properties to the end. See " (4as Lighting Journal," 15th May. 4s, per dozen carriage paid. Secial terms to traders.—The TUFFO SYNDLoalta, 16 Devonshire Square, London, B.C.

A BERGELE.—CAMBRIAN HOTEL, Pensarn. Abergele. ,11. —The only Family and Commercial Hotel. under new management; good tsble and home comfort', APARTMENTS and Board; moderate terms.--Apply E. WOBRALL, Proprietor late of Berv).

A WILMOT : RHOSNEIGR.--81 %BLOC* LAKE HOTEL. ll_ Sportsman's holiday home. Adjoins sea, lake, and surrounded by excellent golf links ; sea, trout, and coarse fishing ; bathing, boating, shooting.—Moderate inclusive terms from PROPRIETOR.

LANDUDNO.—Baron Hill Boarding Establishment, Craig-y-Don ; private APARDBENTS if desired ; splendid views ; two minutes from promenade ; moderate terme.—Mrs. MILE ER.

y LANDUDNO.—West End Private HOTEL and Boarding 1.1 Establishment ; charmingly situated; good sea views ; large drawing, dining, smoking rooms; 40 bedrooms ; table d'hote ; separate tables; excellent cuisine; moderate terms. —Manageress, WU SHIPMAN.

LONDOE. NV IL D'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HONE Comm, CLEANLINESS AND QUIETI CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

PORTRUSH (" The perfect place," •. London pally Mail" —An Heal Holiday is ensured when you stop at one of the WHITE HOUSS HOTELS (Windsor, Central, Cool- hagee) ; moderate tariff, plentitul tables, enjoyable company clean and comfortable rooms. Write for booklet.—HamlLToN AND Co., the White House, Portrush. Ireland

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38. CHAPEL t4TREET. ESIIMATBS GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIES. PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERT TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. 'THE OLDEbT BSTABLISHED RBSTAUNANT IN TOWN.

B-- LAUXPOOL.—Superlor APART ME NTS. H ighly remits- mended.—Mrs. J. HILTON. 17, Trafalgar rd., New Promenade, South Shore. (Near Manchester Hotel). BLACKPOOL.—ffirs. Homtrza, Haberley House, 19, Cocker at., North Shore. Public and Private APART- MENTS. Close to sea and Talbot rd., station. Terms on application.

BLACKPOOL.—Pleasant homely APA H KTENTS, public or private ; delightfully situated ; sea view ; seven minutes from station and piers • beds 2s. per night for one or two persons ; stamp for rePly.—Nrs. BREAIEELL, 11, Alexandra rd.

BLACKPOOL. QUPERIOR APARTMENTS.—HaIf a minute from Prom- enade three minutes from Talbot rd. HAWKINS, 9, PLEASANT ST., CLAREMONT PARK. Telegrams " Emergency." . Telephone, 0633. BLACKPOOL.-APARTMEINTS, with or without board; three minutes from Central Station and Sea ; piano. Parties catered for.—Mrs. HARRY SWUM, 5, Palatine rd. (late of 58, Erdington rd.)

(10LWYN BAY.—Roorno just vacant in 10-roomed House. V Bath. Rood attendance. Four minutes to promenade.— Mrs. ROBERTS. Llys Blodwen. COMPOBTABLR APARTIAHNTS In country farmhouse, healthy locality ; lovely viev9.—MVO. SRUTTLRWORTH Oak Head, Bentham, near Lancaster.

(10h1FORTABLE APARTMENTS. pleasantly situated ; V south aspect, good cooking ; easy access to Blackpool. Fleetwood, and near Cleve!eye Beach.—Mre, ROXBURGH, Marsh Villas, Holmes rd, Thornton-le-Pylde.

DOUGLAIL-THE MANOR, Belmont Terrace, 114, Circular road. APARTMENTS with or without board; beds from le. 6d. ; tea, bed and breakfast, 38. 6d. ; fall board from 4.. 6d. Mrs. SCREECH, late of the " St. Elmo."

DUBLIN.—APARTMENa, central, tram line; personal attention ; moderate ; board optional.-31ra. KEHOE, 1, Lower Fitzwilltam et.

131i0S, MURFA NtuVIN. N.W.--FUtteilLstiED HOUSB lA, to Let,3 bedrooms, 2 sitting rooms,kiteben and pantries. Close to beach. During September ant October.—Apply Mrs. JONES.

QOUTHPORT.—MISS HOLI(E9, Highgate terrace, 66, Bath .t.—Puisitc and private APARTHISNT6 two minutes from promenade and Lord at. illuminations; home corn forte highly recommended; piano,

QOUTHPORT.—GIenhoIme, 24, Derby rd., superior APARTMENTS, or board residence, on moderate terms Every modern convenience; good cooking and attendance private sitting-rooms.—Mrs.

STOCKPORT 14 B H.P. Gas Engines. good condition, £75; Robinson-Planer, Moulding aud Boring Machine. £3O; 36-Inch Saw Bench, R. and B. Spindle, three saws, £l5; shafting and pullsy. £5 ; grindstone, 2210 s ; together £125; seen running by appointment.—Address J. It., 2, Edison rd., Patricroft.

riNOWYB-ON-SEA, N. WaIes.—APARTMHSTd TO LET. I House Commands beautiful scenery. One minute walk from sea and station. Golf Links 13 minutes walk Good fishing in district. Good cooking and good attendance H. Jcafxs, 2iPler Villa, Towyn-on-Sea, Merioneth, N. Wales

WINDRAMERIL—Sittingroom and one bedroom to let. Pleasantly situated. Terms modetate.-3lrs. TURNER. 14, Oakthwaite rd., Heathwaite, Windermere.

pATENT OF AIICHNSTER 148TABLISKIED IN 1835. Messrs. 48011443 DAVIES & 80N have ha 4 more than dO years' personal; experience in connection with this Establisb. ment andposses • practical kno wiedge of the eotton,woollen and iron /manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 13d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price ls. %NORGE DAVINS, CJL, & SON, P.1.P.A., M.S.A 4. ST. ANN 13 SQIIARB.NIANOHRE3THR.

. - QT. GEORGE S IRON WORKS, LIMIT SD (late Ormerod 17 Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Larges Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have punt:al:oA all Wheel, Pulley and Tooth Block Patterns Bm., belonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•road Iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and 'Miley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 219, Manchester: Telegraphic address: Ormerod Orlerson. Manchester."

UTASTh INDIARUBILIitt.—Best cast) prices given for IV every deEcrlptlon.in large or small quantities.—W rife, M LCLEOD & Co..A Department,s7.Tower Buildings,Liverpool. r_i RIVTELMBN with spare time WANTBD to Introduce l_T email article of great use end imp ertance to traders, etc , big commission. For particulars write 11. E.., 3, Warwick &mare, London, B.C.

DAIRIES WANTED; cans provided if .LVL required.— LANCASHIRE HYGIENIC DAIRIES, LTD., chief offices 65 to 85 Mulherry it., Hulme. Manchester. Largest firm of dairymen in England.

lALD GOLD, Platinum, Dental-Alloy, or Disused Artificial lJ Teeth bonght ; good prices given ; money sent by return post ; if price not accepted. returned.—G. VERNON, 62, East Parade, Harrogate. Established 40 years.

DOUBLEI YOUR SALARY by qualifying yourself to become an electrical engineer. We can do this for you at your home. Write for our free book •• How to Become an Electrical Engineer," to ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING INSTITUTE, 413, Norwich House, Southampton et., Holborn, London.

11.1 OST °MOB, CIVIL SERVICE. and BUSINESS 1 POSITIONS. We have placed 17,000 students, and can train you by POST. direct to your home, for these appointments Send for FREE descriptive book to POSTAL, Clark's College. Chancery lane, London, the most successful College In the Kingdom for all examinations.

A GENTS.—Uverpool Victoria Friendly Society.-- WANTRD.wboIe or spare time Agents,town or country. good terms; also £3 book for disposal in Warringtora.—Apply VICTORIA CHAMBERS, Bridge it,, Warrington; 36, Lowlands rd., Runcorn; and 15, lipping at., Altrincbam.

CIOLLECTORS.— Loyal Philanthropic; Friendly Society, 0..../ Eat. 1844.—Wanted, whole and part time Collectors for Warrington and District ; liberal terms and interest in book; no debit system—Apply Saktum SMITH, Diktrict Super- ntendent, 20, Tbelwall lane, Warrington.

(IN SALE, good strong s Forts PIGS, direet from the NJ farms in Essex • 255. to 30s each and upwards • carriage paid on four Cash—Apply JOaEPIL LEIGH National Telephone 193), Scholeses Nurseries, Iton, Bury.

LTORiES safely cured of Worms by Tkwaites New Herbal l_L Remedy ; 6d. per packet. free by post, 7 penny stamps. Directions with each packet ; no trouble. Horses eat it freely. G. THWAITES. Herbalist, Stockton-on-Tees.

I-DAM:GED RCOKS,Buff Orpington, Pullets 35., uocaerels 3s. 6d. Black Leghurns 3s. 61. to ss. White Leghorn 2s. to ss. Blank 'Minorca Pullets 3s. 6d., Cockerels 6s. Four months old, Bred from heavy laying etrains.—BEEDON, Devenport, Darcy Lever, Bolter,.

POULTRY HOUSES and RUNS, in sections complete from 215. ; Dog Kennels from 68. 6d. each: Pigeon Houses Prim 15s. ; Dog Houses and Runs from 25a. ; Collie Kennels and Platform, 125. 64. ; Breeding Kennels from 505. ; Roofing Felt, Bs. 64. per roll; 6 rolls, 20e.—SIIITH AND C., Sectional Builders, 56. Seel St., Liverpool.

ATIYIMONY. —Mechanic. 35. £3 weekly, desires corres- VJ with superior Domestic, " age and looks immaterial ; view early marriage ; genuine.—Particulars In confidence to TINNANY, 25, East st., Walwortls, London.

"MATRIMONIAL TIMES," the best and quickest introductcry medium for all desiring a matrimonial alliance; price 64., in sealed envelope.—Address EDITOR Robert Radford, 5, Featherstone Buildings, Holborn, W.

rpo DRESS AND MANTLE MAKERS, Grand Openings, J.. A flourishing Business for Sale, Owners Retiring, all information given to intending purehasher.- Apply 6, HIGH ST., Wavertree, Liverpool.

VCR SALL BRICK-MAKING BUSINBBS, w.th 6 acres 1. of freehold land on main road ; railway siding can be put into same on to Great Central Rallway.—Apply J. and ie.B VANS, Builders, Chester rd., Reston.

BOARDING HOUSE TO LET.-26 Rooms, 16 Bedrooms. Splendid chance for a business couple, retired Butler, Cook or Lady's Maid, b minutes from station, 10 from river. 30 from Loudon. Full particulars from J. HAWES, Taplow,

ON BROWN, 34, SOUTH JOHN ST., LIVERPOOL, TEL. 179 Y CENTRAL, HAS A VARIETY OF BUSINESSEiI ON HAND TO SUIT ALL CLASSES OF BUYERS.

CUFFEBERS from Eczema, Sores, Swellings, Stiffness, Kidney Trouble. Ire. Cure yourselves. Drop postcard for how. splendid for horses, dogs, and cattIe.—CHARLEB HARVEY, baliSbUry. LADIES' Magical Complexion Bloom acts quickly and gives that healthy &hour so mnzla admired. bent on receipt of postal order for 2s. 6d.—MADAM KEN3LLEM, 5, Fleet it., Liverpool,

1.3 INGWOEM CURED ; use Porter's specific. Is. 3d and, 2s. 9d. bottle. post free. plain package. in 3 strengths. state the age. An unfailing remedy for this disease.—POßTEß A Co. Iy. Cambs.

IikiEUBIATISM CUBUD. An eminent Specialist's Pre- eeription that has given immediate relief to all who have tried it; post free for six penny stamps.-3. HARTIN, 105, Salt at,, eradford.

LL DISILS.SHS 0UR130.--Pree Treatise, worth 21s. Li. Indigestion. Wind, Hpilepsy, Heart Diseaseatiooholistn, &C. Free on application.—FßOPßlETOß " World's Fills." 49, Hanway st., Oxford St.. London. W.

11.200TACtill CURED. All sorts of tired, swollen, and .1.: painful feet radically cured in a short time by using Dr. Matthews foot powder, large packet le. 10. of sole proprietors. Dr. MATTHEW. Co., 45, Mill Hill rd. Acton, W.

VCZIO4IA.—.. DU. WILSL)I' RUZMA CURB" glves .1:.4 immediate relief and speedily cures torturous skin diseases, ulcerated sores. Jars Is. lid., treble 2s. 9d.— Principal chemists or DR WILSONS AGENCY. 20 Fordham st., Liverpool.

HAPPINMS COMES with the renewed health and strength obtained by using Dr. Gordon's Specific Pills. All men's aliments. weaknesses, and urinary troubles fly like chaff belore the wind. Our assertion Is proved by the first box.-2s. 9d., post free, from Mae & Co., LTD., Chemists, South Shields.

WHY SUFFERP Indigestion, Stomach. Kidney, and Liver Troubles epeeaily and permanently relieved by " KURIL," the newly discovered remarkable curative tonic. scientifically blended from the very choicest drugs obtainable non poisonous, absolutely pure. Invaluable to ladies. Send le. 40. for large bottle.--* KURIL,' 63 Church at., London, Agents wanted everywhere.

NO BAD BIGHTS WITH BABY. GEE'S PACIFYING POWDERS For Infants Teething. To prevent Convulsions,and to Cure COLDS, WoRMS, FISVBItS, DIARRSCEA, COLIC, SPASMS. WIND, ERUPTIONS, RESTLIESJNII9B, ke. Price IF-1 , ls. lid. 2s. 9d., Post tree to any addreus. THEY REGULATE THE BOWELS AND TEMPERATURE. TRY THEM, THEY ACT LIKE MAGIC. Sole Maker .—T. H. GEM. Chemist, MEANWOOD, LEEDS.

A ItSAL 8008 FOR YOU. GEE'S GOLDEN SEAL PILLS act directly on the Glands. Membranes,and Seeretions,Cure obstinate Skin Affections, Piles, Constipation. Gout, kidney and Liver Trouble, Unhealthy and' Weakening Symptoms of the System. Splendid for Female Ailments, Atimmia, Poor Blood, Prolapsue, Irregularities, de. 18, and 2a. 6d., post free to any address. Sole Maker r T. H, Will. Chemist, MEANWOOD. LEEDS,

LADIES SHOULD THY NURSE LILIAN'S FAMOUS PILLS If or Nervousness, Debility, Loss of Appetite. Indigestion, Constipation, and all complaints peculiar to the sea. SAFE, SPEEDY, AND EFFECTIVE. Bring back the bloom to faded cheeks. SUITABLE FOR FEMALES OF ALL ACAS. is.. 2s. 6D. AND 65., PER BOX, POST FREE. ALEXA/SDER & CO., 13, Eastfield rd., East &alma.

UNDEnlstiD 010 ASSIGNINIWNI'. SHORT NOTICE OF SALE Ar 70, CHURCH ST., WARRINGTON, THIS DAY. SALAIRDAY, SRPTRMI3IO4 BTa, 1906. 400 LQTS OF DRAPHItY, PINAFORES, srouxusas. GLOVES, BLOUSES, AND BABY cLorruNG, without Referee, by Order of the Trustee, SALE AT 11 O'CLOCK PROMPT. Lyme Street, W. RICKMAN AND SON, Telephone 334 y. Auctioneer.

ROBERT L9WE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms, No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New nd Srcond-band Farniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inapectiou invited Furniture, 103., warehoused.

GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE, UP-TO-DATE. GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXP ENSIVE. UP-TO-DATE. AGENTS FOR • THE GUNN SECTIONAL BOOKCASE. GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE, UP-TO-DATE.

Cbt Orantiner *ales OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES : THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINEE 1 published every Friday afternoon. The princioa and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketb, Winwick, Padgate, Lynam, &c., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lancia • shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper oom • prises a large trading and agricultural tract in boutb Lanca- shire and Mid-Chesuire. riiku3 RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Friday 1 afternoon. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. rilllo WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Friday 1 afternoon. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. THE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, .1 published every Friday afternoon. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Oolborne, Haydock, Lowton &c. The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire Cal- fields. 91111 ST. HELENS EXAMtenart, published every 1 Friday afternoon, circulating In St. Helens, Prescot, Parr, Sutton, Peariley Cross, &c.—the centre of the Glass, Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTISEIVENTS, APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Thirteen Words, Week. Weeks. Weeks. Week'. 18 ... Os. 6d. ~. is. 3d, 2s. Od. 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 39. Od, ss. Od. 36 ... is. Cd. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 6s. Od. 45 11. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... ss. Od. ... 7s. Cd. 54 ... 19. 65. ... 3s. Sri. ... 6s. Od. 10s. Od.

THE EXAMINER. SEPTEMBER 6th 1.906.

The officials of the Beautiful 'Warrington Society will be pleased to receive donations towards the cost of last Saturday's show which was considerable. They are looking forward to a large increase of membership now that the public have had an oppor- tunity of seeing the good work which is being done. * * * The average golfer is a self-contained, self-important being with a figure that runs to fat. His one desire is to keep down his proportions and to render himself, as the phrase goes, fit." To that end he joined an an association of other self-important individuals and goes gallivanting after a ball on blasted heaths and other parts of the kingdom unfit for really useful purposes.--T. M. Rendle in" London Opinion." * * * The increasing abstemiousness among the well-to-do in this country is a matter that deserves more atten- tion than it is receiving. The fact is that since steam has enabled most to move freely, the old have hundreds of amusements which those of their age in former times had not, and they cling tenaciously to life. The old of the past had little left to enjoy but drink ; those of our day dread it as a poison which will shorten life.—" ILarmaduke " in the "Graphic." * * * They were a party of four —a robust looking clergy- man, his wife, and two strong boys, writes " J.H. ' to the " Manchester Guardian" I seemed to spend the whole of Bank Holiday in their company, yet—such is our English custom—we never spoke. We travelled together in the morning, he full of animal spirits, she quiet and somewhat depressed, as if expecting little pleasure from the day's outing. I saw him later in the Cathedral. The mother was already tired. She rested on a chair while the father and the boys ex- plored the fabric. I met them again in the fierce heat of the afternoon at --, a place of general resort a ' few_ miles away. By this time she was an obvious drag on the party, and came along several yards behind the others with a look of weariness on her face. My last sight of them was on the road back to the station. The motor-'bus service had broken down, and we all had to walk. The father and the two boys came on at a swinging pace, chatting gaily together. The mother was now a hundred yards behind. Her bonnet had fallen to the back of her head and the coat on her arm was trailing in the dust. Her breath came fast and her eyes pro- truded as she staggered along in her effort to keep them in sight. As I entered the city the newsboys were shouting " Women victims of cowardice "—but that was on board the Sirio.

VAUXHALL ,IARIGE, I.AVERPOOL (WHIPPLE k CO.) 32 To 36 VAUXHALL ROA.P. EXPERT EXAMINATIONS AND REPAIRS. SUPPLIES AND ALL ACCESSORIES. Telephone 6323. Telegrsmo I—" Whipple," Liverpool.

.2qt tiie Picnic Lunch give your friends a treat by turning out a Corn Flour Blancmange, surrounded with stewed fruit. The Blancmange, made in the morning or overnight, will carry perfectly in its shape, and the fruit in a bottle. Any fruit, but only one Corn Flour Brown & Poison's " Patent."

• ~. • . . An excellent Food. admirably adapted . • to the wants of infants and young persons." —SIR C/I•RLES A. CAMERON, BC. .. M.D., . Professor of Chemistry, R.C.5.1., Medical Ogcer of Health for Dublin, ..!. PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT •,!'si TO 11.01. THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA. .;,?,:y.,:i.5.V....4•4.1 os u.' X. 44 . le ~ , .*l7' ~ ~...

EADAC':- E FAIRY BY CURE Attacking THE ACTS SEAT LIKE OF THE MAGIC PA/N. It cures when all else fails. Safe and sure. Perfectly harmless. 7d. & 1/- per box, Post Free 8 or 13 stamps from Fairy Medicine, Co., Norwich.

';01:07 :4,102 • , _ -IArtATED BO' I Wr— ^,MIQUALLEP - HOW TO *3 MAKE GALLONS PRIME BEER ( on-intoxicatirie) IN YOUR HOME. MASON'S EXTRACT ... ..• ZO 0 5 Sugar ••• ... 0 0 9/ Yeast or Barra 0 0 lot 8 014 0 02 2d. PER GALLON. Public Opinion: GOOD! IT'S MASON'S. No other Extract makes Beer like it. Send BSt trips for Sample Bottle, or Postcard for address of nefrest Agent. A small Pamphlet, "Hints on Brewing," sent post free on receipt of Id. Stamp, AGENTS WANTED. NEWBALL & MASON, Nottingham. 104° \ . .

Sankey Bridges-7 13, 945 a.m. 12 7, 28, 331 58,66,7 2, 9 18 p.m. Sundays 8 26 a.m. 31, 8 6 p.m. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-6 20, 6 30, 6 55, 8 0, 8 30, 90, 11 10, 11 20 a.m. 10,1 32, 1 55. 2 45, 250 4 27, 4 33, 525, 6 20, 6 53, 7 23, 8 50, 10 25, a 10 45, all 35 p.m. Sundays 745, 750 a.m. 25, 655, 7 25, 95. a Saturdays only. Southport-8 0, oa, 10 15, 10 40, 12 23, 1 40, 2 45, 4 5, 4 10,5 25,7 30,8 5,9 5. 10 o.Sundays 9 0,20, 750, Thelvvall-7 51, 8 36, 8 18, 9 58, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, al 41, 2 9, 2 553 34, 422 b 6, 35, 6 3, 6 45, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. 2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)--a2 39, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17, 9 54, 100, 11 38 a.m., 125, 126, 2 30, 3 27, 4 20,4 56, 520 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. Widnes (C.L.C.)-8 17,9 25, 109, 10 45 a.m. 124, 12 25, 1 20, 2 25, 3 34, 4 23, 5 15, 6 15, 7 15, 8 20, 922 all 10 p.m. a Saturdays only. Vidnes (L. and N.-W.)--7 2, 8 45, 934, 10 39, 11 55 a.m. 1252, 1 57, 3 20, 3 58, 455, 5 53, 6 50,9 6, 11 6 p.m. Sundays 814 a.m. 2 50, 7 54, 11 6 FOOTBALL.

V: 1-'liTPB •,•-•• , s • );,•P'.-P RC, v ED TA 4 61, [P:,471211 tie MAD MAXE-KWP TlElf< SMAPE-LAV LONCER 5 APPLY •TO DEALERS FOR Bus:-

152 71 170 112 COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of Commercial failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, August 24th, was 146, viz. :—New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 80; Deeds of Arrangement registered 68. The respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were: Bankruptcies, 73; Deeds of Arrangement 75—total 148; being la decreaselof 2. The total num- ber of Commercial Failures recorded during the 34 weeks of the present year was 5,511 ; the total number recorded in the corresponding 34 weeks of last year was 5,894, showing a decrease of 373.

Goddards- Zik .0 er 134 t. C;eanitlg Si iverEleetro Nate" lold everywhere I/r2/6 & 4/6.

BLAIR,B • •. Gout & Rheumatic Pills. A Pleasant, Safe and Effectual Cure for GOUT, RHEUMATISM, LUMBAGO and NEURALGIA. 1/1i & 29. OF ALL CHEMISTS. ' • •

For Bilious and LiVer Troubles, FRAMPTON'S PILL OF HEALTH Has stood the test of time, and is equally recommended for men, women and children. All chemists and Stores at 1/11 and 219 per box.

CAN YOU SEE THROUGH A , BRICK WALL? --a-- - , No ; but you can see the level ':',,,,,;•'-'/,.- / of oil in lamm stove, or motor- ,' cycle tank if you use our Fun- ' ----it nel. It show. oil -level auto- matically in ,strong glees tube r--7--- when you nRe it. and so pre- .. - I 0 vents overfilling or underlining. It saves time, trouble, and Oil. Price 1 6, post free 133. Patent Funnel Co. - Aberbeeg, Mon. , 1., .... , . ' F'l , 41 , . . .. f- WORD -- • . 0 THE, :,s-- . 7. ... ~, . . ..- ' i‘k, WISE /itilli- - , ....,.. _.... .. .44 v....,....... 0, .. • RO . - .. , .. I ' . .. mb. A .."'y cpunG Vill - r; T _ Pleases People Who are Par- j• i tloular, for boots polished with Croxine I' I keep soft, stay black, and look " l' I well ALWAYS, besides are cleanly to wear. ---- ‘, CROZINE it the popularliquid black —absolutely free from acids easily . "0911 WWI" polish of unequalled durability. It , , Creint 0464 improve' leather, and la not Itself affected by dampness, and will not smut nor soil the clothing. • t At Boot Shops the toorld -z7,'• t" -4'. t' The Genuine is Hauthaway's. • . -4.--... Made only by 0.1. .',., SON CALF BO: ...,... ...0r... Ageni :i " ct wrist= . &m. 0..... 111•..... v e.s.

RINGS 1° 9 in Stock Largest Stock. Best Quality. Lowest Prices. P £1 to £5OO Brilliants, Pearls, Rubles, '''lllllllllllll. Emeralds, &c., &c. el-tkill.ll.) '. —,i,"..,,itt,...fri,t CAN BE PURCHASED BY Opals and Rubies, or Sapphires Brilliant, Rubies or 4$ aritt gloms tt Brilliants, £6. and Brilliants, £2O. Sapphires, £2 15s. MONTHLY l '',,r- .A...... PAYMENT ....... Brilliants, £l2. Brilliants, £8 10s. Brilliants, £lO 10s. -_;.......41b if *4 , SYSTEM. ~., • _, e,, ,1 . ,„-- ''' ,BENSON'S do not charge .N. 44,I, ' . ' A'--- '''' extra for buying this way. Pearls, Emeralds and Brilliants, £4 4s. iii £1 58. Brilliants, £8 Bs. ILLUSTRATED Cht26;ndolevvWetl4B 62 & 64; LUDGATE HILL; E.C. BOOKS 1,,,1‘,--Vrilfiec,l,l"it.irg. FREE. a:rel...3ior'fpoes,:el;l`.

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE. OF OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY BY FADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES ! ! 59, Mount-street, Northwood, -- "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " Hanley, Staffs, Mona Cottages, Jan. 6th, 1905. Coalville, Leicestershire, Dear Sir,—My wife suffered from Rheumatism for a June 4th, 1901. long time, and could get no relief. She was a patient Dear Sir.—l thank you for the good I have received at the North Staffordshire Infirmary, but got worse,and from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two could not walk without crutches. I heard about your months ago and tried almost everything, but got no Pills from a friend, and bought a small bottle. AFTER better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that THE k:COND DOSE SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES, and AFTER TAKING THEM FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CURED was completely cured in a week. After spending pounds I was so bad for a mouth I could hardly get downstairs your pills cured her at a cost of 2s. 3d. I shall recom- Beings miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks mend your pills to everyone I know, and you can make to your Pills I have never felt the least pain since. I the best use of this as a testimonial if it pleases you to recommend them to everybody myself. do so. Yours truly, Yours gratefully, GEORGE WRIGHT. JAMBS WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, and aro highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

• Do You Knew that more than half the sickness in the wor.d, especially of women, is caused by constipation? It can be prevented if BEECHAM'S PILLS are taken whenever nature calls for assistance. Comfort and happiness follow the use of BEEHA M'S • PILLS THE HANDY HOME REMEDY. There's no secret about the value of BEECHAM'S PILLS as a family medicine. Thousands of families always keep a box handy—and it is the first resort in case of sickness appearing, being the "stitch in time" which prevents further trouble, and possibly serious illness. If you have not got a box of BEECHAM'S PILLS in the house, get one now, you never know how soon it may be needed. A dose taken when ailments arise will soon right the wrong and restore you to health and vigour. WORTH A GU IN EA A BOX. Sold everywhere in boxes, price 111} (56 pills) & 119 (168 pills).

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS. Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED. Used In the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Once tried, always wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW The greatest boon ever offered to the'Laundress for imparting au Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, Ns. It does not stick to spider-web-like material.. Sold everywhere In Packets at Id., 3d., and 6d. each. PREPARED ONLY BY T. CHITerILI3Y. Chemist. eLmelaitußrit. 7, Whitecross Street, London, ILO.

I r. _.:., • Z MI tu -,7' Ai A .'' ' • t i

Billheads PRINTING M m Note. NI-1 BEST MATERIALS USEr sint OS, heads. 8 Luggage Labels. 41 by 2iin•; Envelopes, in, by 310., and fin, by 3}in. ; Bustaes. 1 Cards 3in., by 2i in, All one price. Too, is. 6d. ; 250. 21. gd. 500, 41. ; 1,000, ss. 9d. Business Cards, 4iia. ;by 3in. ; Post- ' cards. Too, 2s. ; 250, 3s. 6d. ; 500, ss. Carriage paid. Cash with order. Samples, 1 stamp. Special low rates for contracts Or large orders.—J. W. FIELDMOUSE AND SON. Express Works. 154 Upper Brook it,, Manchester.

No More Trouble with Dull Razors. THE NEW SWEDISH RAZOR Keeps sharp longer than any other. Never requires grinding. Made on an entirely new principle. Absolutely the finest :shtaivrewrii:!,titohneeywreertludr.negitneotinapCa;:c:,vtsa, G. F. SMITH 4 SON, • Cutlers. Scarborough. Established :g) Years.

-- - On One Side of a Post Card Write: "John Strange Winter," 14, West Kensington Mansions, LONDON, W. On the Other-60de Write: Please send me, free of cost, your New Booklet, with fall partioulars of your Toilet Preparations. Then Post It!

J. H. DOVENER & CO.'S, Ltd. iUnionpoversoti °UNS EC DE SACKS Best and Cheapest for POTATOES, CORN, &o.

THE ULIDIA BOOT 0 SHOE LACE. __ (Patent Fastenings.) k., 4f\ ILA it '..s the neatest, strong- „..:. . . —4 .. rest . ,t,,,,e,,,ettes:Tflastehne mid 'n unfasten ' will not t jit--)'. 6 t'isrl.---i 1. conic undone of rt. (It , ', • ~., no more broken tanger- nails, or ends to drag in the mud ; it ruquires but , 741,/.11 to be seen to be appreci- ated ; trials prove, cnce woni Li ways worn. Black or Brown, Ladies' or Gents' Three Sample Pairs, Post Free, • Sevenpence. ULIBIA LACE CO., Bexhill-on-Sea.

_ . IDlii a wondertn waterproor 0. a es,B..T. t i-FI'ZiSrR,Z . Lel. 111. n.... ,rootlrV.• the leather Pleasant odour allow po:lsh- ing with blanking. GOLD MEDIAL EXHIBITION 11111-KES: AWA.t.O. Dubbin FM: sd.. 6d.,s'• Z-. 21,6 et 30. Makers, Saeld.'ers, Iremsrsoneets aoc. Mann/actg.-I, East Duly:el , Losselas:. SAVE TIME.TROUBLEAND ft MONEY 010 ti S ..-:-. I - _ A I LA. , AiRR:4I ii 4-,, 014.0x,j• COFELtIE ~ ChTliCer•4' ractrio Cliti•Mtl , ' OF ALL -• GROCERS • • , . , LARGE AD SMALL. BOTTLES •

Patronizes' by Royalty, Nobility, Ecc, To practise Real Economy FURNISI-1 AT s piTTs9 _ _ \„,J Who, for a comparative trifle, will make your Home a constant source of pride and pleasure.

PITTS'S Paragon b Houses of Furniture At 15i, 22i, 28i, 38k, 50, 75, 100, 200, up to 8,000 guineas are simply marvels, patterns of excelling workmanship, things of beauty, thoroughly substantial, therefore actually joys for ever. They certainly are the acme of comfort and good taste, and richly deserve their widespread renown. In fact, no young couple starting housekeeping can reasonably expect to be happy without one. Full particulars FREE.

Pitts's Furnishing Guide Has been christened by one of its many enthusiastic admirers the THRIFTY MAN'S FRIEND, as it enabled him to furnish throughout for little more than half usual cost. It contains 800 Artistic Designs priced. GRATIS, Post Frce, Cash Quotations only. Easy Payments 10 per cent. extra. London Rd., illanchzster. Establi.hecl 1845. Bankers Lloyd's.

1 THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is wan-anted to Cleanse the Blood from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS. PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its effekts are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL • SKIN &SUM DISEASES

especially another political party. Now the real point atissue is as to whether our purely labour organizations are to be made to serve the ends of one political party and that the Socialist party. Trade Unionism has built up its great strength by keeping party politics outside and in the interests of labour generally, it is essential that its vitality is not sapped by political intrigues. The Independent Labour Party is an avowed political party. What is prac- tical in its teaching is part and parcel of Liberalism, some of the most extreme items of their programme having been advocated by sections of the Liberal party long before the I.L.P. was born. Se don't complain of the I.L.P. adopting Liberal measures. On the contrary we think it reflects to their credit : but it does seem puerile to endeavour to make people believe that Liberals are opposed to the very items of reform which they have adopted from Liberalism. What is not practical in 1.L.P.-ism but idealistic is Socialism and this the T.L.P. are quite welcome to, although I know of nothing that need exclude idealists from the Liberal party—indeed the ideal whicJa has the strongest influence in the I.L.P. movement to-day was not generated within that party but is the outcome of Liberalism. There is therefore absolutely no necessity for the I.L.P. ; still if it elects to exist we shall do our best to prevent its taking ambush in our labour organisations. While the movement appeared to be genuinely in favour of labour, the help of the Progressive party was given unstintingly for Labour candidates. Since the general election we have had in Cockermouth an example of the true spirit of the I.L.P. and it behoves the Labour party in the interests of progress to assess it at its proper value.—Yours truly, JOHN MORTON, Hon. Sec. (Progressive Labour League).
