===== 0002601_19060721_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
where, owing' to the increasing demand for our Speciality in Ilia-class Carriage and Hunting Horses, and to supply this demand we have completed extensive alterations, and trust, by strict and personal supervision of business, to retain the confidence in the future as in the past of our numerous Patrons. Also soliciting the favour of those in want of Rood, sound. High-class Irish Horses at moderate prices, to entrust us with their requirements, our sole aim being attention and entire satisfactiou in our dealings with customers. BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. ON SLTNDAY NEXT. JULY 22arP, At 10.30 Rev. SIDNEY PITT. At 6.30 Rev. J. MANNING. Al! Welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BE WbEy ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGroN. ON SUNDAY NEXT, JULY 22ND 1906. At 10.39 Bev. 1. MANNING. At 630 Mr. R. J. PEAKE. All welcome. Hymn Hooke provided.

BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JULY 22ND, 19C6. PREACHYP •. Mr. J. T. BBSWICK. Go'borne. Morning 10.30 "An Apparent l'aradox " bvening R. "The Souls Hinderers." OFFRRTORIRS.

I BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE-STRE ET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY NEXT, JULY 2211 P. PREACHER : Rev. ALEXANDER HARVEY, (Widnes). Morning 10.45. Evening 8.30. Everybody Welcome. Hymn Books provided. _Zednesdav evening Service at 8.15 p.m.

YCLIFFE CHURCH. BETSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. NEXT SUNDAY, JULY 22aD. 1006. ,LREAerilea REV. 3. YONGE, 10 30. and 6.30. _••-Seat'r^

s are requested to be good ,enongh to reonDin°" cnZir;US, books. .11c., on Monday neat, 23rd. be'ore Possible, as the Church will thea t banded over to ,ue Decorators. 03 AND AFTER JULY 29TE. Services will be held in the Senkey-st.. CO-OPERATIVE HALL. Morning and livening. JOSEPH CROSFIELD AND SONS, LIMITED. 5 PER CENT. PRE PREFERENCE SHARES. The TRANSFER BOOKS of this Company relative to above issue will be CLOSED from the 16th to the 31st July instant (both days Inclusive) for the purpose of preparing and leaning Dividend Warrants due August let. Dated Warrington, July 14th, 1906. • Signed J. R. WADDLE. Secretary.

BEAUTIFU I, WARRINGTON SOCIETY.

FIRST ANNUAL SHOW WILL BE HELD AT THE PARR HALL. IiATUEMAY, ler SEPTSPdBIER, 1905. Battles for Outdoor Bxhibits close on 31st July. _ Schedules may be obtained from any member of the uOramittee or the Officials.

A. VAWCIITT. Sec,. Show Committee.

STOCKTON HEAT El G ARDFN spoon% , FIFTK ANNUAL SHOW N J WILL BE HELD AT VICTORIA SQUARE, STOCKTON HEATH, ON SATURDAY, 1117, AUGUST, 1916. PRIZES AMOUNTING TO £4O AND SEVERAL i .... SPECIAL PRIZES. OPEN CLASSES. ENTRIES CLOSE 4TH AUGUST. A. FAWCETT, Hon. Sec. 10, Fah-fled-road, Stockton Heath.

NV AIR RINGTON PERMANENT BENEFIT

BUILDING SOCIETY.

THE ABOVE SOCIETY IS NOW PREPARED TO 11011IVII DBPOSITS, AND TO MAKE ADVANCES ON MORTGAGE OF RELIABLE SECURITIES.

Terms and all further particulars from the Secretary.

A. If.'CLIVE.

6. Egypt et., Warrington.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT AGRICULTURAL 00CLETY. PRESIDENT : SIR GILBERT (11111RNALL, BART. VICE-PRESIDENT : RT. HON. LORD LILFORD. 17TH ANNUAL' SHOW TO BE HELD IN WALTON PARK, NEAR WARRINGTON, ON THURSDAY, 16TE AUGUST. 1906. 0:11,11ZHS. cups Agp:MBDALS VALUE £7OO. - (HABSRS FOR JUMPERS, EARIJESS. HUNTERS, ,SHIRRS.

"11118 oLosB IBT AUGUST. BRURSFORD I.II3LVILLV, Secretary. Estates Office, Warrington.

NEw

CORRIDOR

VESTIBUUED TRAINS

to end from LINCOLN .

alongside the Steamers

Itvery Week-day

===== 0002601_19060721_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
LREAKFAST

CI)ARS

For farther put! *astern lallway,!B2.

CONTRA CT ta.— The COMMITTEE Of the 14, GARRISON INSTITUTR ORFORD BARRACKS, (47Ttugton are prepared to receive tenders for the supply ao,,e,f.r. Minerals, Groceries, Provisions, Vegetables, Bread AeUrdries, for a period of six months commencing the .uaust neat. PPecial tender form giving full information can be ed by application to the President. atiesied tenders are to be delivered by 12 noon the 24th 44 1906, addressed to the President of the Garrison thl tute and markedfon the envelope "Tender for Canteen PPlies." A. P. BURDOCK Major. President Garrison Institute.

I,

No 1532 ONE PENNY

EE XPERIENCDMaIe and BeM3lO NURSES at a moment'a notice for all cases. —Apply vunsas Tars TITU- TION, Hope House. Hope et.. Liverpool. Telepbone 2570, Royal. Telegraphio„ addreas, Nunes '

ALLAN ROYAL NIAIL.—CANADA & Unsurpassed for Ist, 2nd and 3rd Masses. Special rates to Ontario. Manitoba. and Canadian Norlh—West. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL.

TUNISI AN VICTORIAN ... Aug. 3 1 VIRGINIAN Note the sailings of the new Turbine Steamers Victorian, Aug. 3, and Virginia!, Aug. 17, 12,000 tone—steadiest, fastest, no vibration. Shortest sea route. Handbooks free.— Apply Album', 19, James-street,lLiver- pool, and 103, Leadenball-street, London. tamisi&ialla

ebutattnn.

VuREST HILL HOUSE SCHOOL, Honor Oak, 12 London, 8.13. Cheap, efficient. healthy.—Apply HEAD MISTED,

LANCA.tiTER COLLEGE, MORECAMBE.—A LA First-class Boarding School for Boys.-7. W.MeRcHALL, Ph.D., M.Sc., Principal.

QANDBACH SCHOOL, CHASHIRE.—Moderate Pees. Illustrated Prospectus from Headmaster.

UNIVERSITY SCHOOL, sour fi PORT.— A Most Successful Boarding School for Boys. W. HBNDBRSON. M.A. °dodos!.

A UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY. T" MILTON PAPER BLIND COMPANY, GREATHABI STREET. WH3T HARTLEPOOL, will send to any address in the United Kingdom, carriage paid, on receipt or postal order for ONE SHILLING

THREE Full-alzed, High-olass PAPER BLINDS EDGED WITH REAM LACE, WONDERFUL VALUE.

,--

===== 0002601_19060721_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
sa&nrunDAY,

===== 0002601_19060721_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT REALISATION SALE AT

P t ITTS'S, LONDON ROAD MANCHESTER Railway Arch). TWRNTY THOUSAND POUNDS' WORTH OF (Jus past Station, through

_ New and High-class Second-hand FURNITURE, &n. TO BG CLEARED OUT IMMEDIATELY, IRRESPECTIVE! OF WILAT IT MAN FATCH. Every ARTICLE Guaranteed and Willingly EXCHANGED or MONEE RETURNED it uOt APPROVGD OF.

DITTS'S REALISATION SALE is being bel d 1 with the sole object of reducing our enormous Stock of FURNISHINGS of every description as much, and as quickly as possible, to facilitate prollate in connection with the Will of our recently deceased proprietor.

PITTS'S REALISATION sALI-;:, IQ genuine Sale of bona-fl le EAStictINS at from PO to 50 per cent NOT pro& is what we despr Rantdistwmel ?hraietiesm. akCaleiatrawneeell, plaza their orders with us. Worth custom hile to ers' w

PITTS'S REALISATION SALE may result in a loss of hundreds of poulkl.s to us, and, of course, of corresponding BlifilltFlT TO CITSTtiIdRRS, but whAtecer the result may he we must promptly turn the goods Into cash.

DITTS'B RS A LIS ATION SAL' afford an oppor- tunity to every' rerson smart en,ugh ta take adirantaze of it, to secure THOROUGELY DURABLE and TASTEFUL FURNITURE at considerably LESS Ltran is usually paid for flimsy unreliable articles elsewhere.

PITTFOS REAEASATiON SALM prices have been ruthlessly RIMUOIiD and the Stock arranged eo that evervthing can be properly examineS.and every possible Information will be given to visitors whether buying or not.

PIITTS'S R UAL'S AT lON SAL 1. Goods not required for immediate delivery, on payment of a triflina deposit, will be STORM') FRIB cf charge any reasonable time, delivered free, or carriage paid, suiting customers' convenience.

SAMUEL PITT , .MANCIIRSTER. LONDON ROAD (At.) wiek and Longslght cars). Established 180. Bankers, Lloids. Teephone, 1,124. And In CHLISTERGATB, MACCLESFIELD, and HI4I-1 STREET, CREWE.

7

JOHN WALKER & CO.. BEWSZY STREET, WARRINGTON Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. DELIVERY BOOKS. MEMORANDUM CARDS, SUBSCRIPTION CARDS. EXECUTED AT THE LOWEST PRICE WITH THE GREATEST DESPATCH. " EXAMINER" OFFICE.

By %sill 754 per Quarter Ss 6d per annum is 9d per Quarter credit

—UUUbLh-UlliNuix.ll GARlltsis. hOLLtat. diliO .e."/ other', all 'weights Green's MOWERS from 255.

- - - B o kc uhhs BovvLs, pairs, from 6s. 6d• Li Also some quite new, and silver mounted. "'DISHING RODS, 3s 9d, four-jointed and winch fitted, _l2 braes ferrules at all joints. Brass CFIECK RICRLS from la —Alan sun.rlor ROD at 8a 6d,-4IIGHR3 RROS. _ . .....

cIUGHhS BBOUrint,S. F NBIteIKIIHS. 116, 118, 18U, 125_ AND . _l27.__ BROW/SLOW-HILL,

===== 0002601_19060721_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
JULY" 21, 1906.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVIMPOOL.

lEtbiral

TAIPRTHINIA He2ipe.—Getmine remedy. le. tree.—W. XI Let. 205 Douglas rd.. Ilhbffield.

TIORSONA.—Posithe cure tor Bad Legs, 4s. Dewa., Herbalist. Athton Manor.

StiAßCii-ALL —Harmless cure for itheurnatiem ls. wortti cures in 4 days.—ABEHRETEIY, Sty:.ling. kuutbnmpton.

EUPILIIPSY and Fits absolutely cured at home. Send par tieulars on I stamped envelope to J. KING, 49. Monsen rd., Finsbury Park, Londan.

VI.A9TIO STOCKING-1 for vericoee vein., 2e. 6d. veal. Comp/et-, list. pt free. from BUNCLAZIC .1; Co., 9, White Hart inne Tottenham, Loudon, N.

(,ZUFFNAVIRS from Piles inetantly rerievt-d. Simplest L. Remedy stamped etlve'ope tor particulars Box 382, c/0 SHARROW THATCH FR, Holborn Place, Lonioo, ks.C.

HnumaTics. Gout, Sciatica. Pre7ented and cured with the New Electric Pads ; no inconvenience, sure cure ; P.O. le. 7d.—Aany...tr-Go.. 15 Grave!ly Hill, Birmingham.

ADDRESS CARDS. ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. BALANCE SHEETS.

AND PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. " EXADIINER OrFICE, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOL.

loreses, nogs, Xthe *Writ r.

RBLIABLIf FOSTREL rslOTtitittB alwaye ready whelped. Wanted 10J Bitches near whelping. —HooPER BROS., Dudley.

BROWN MARK (aged) otiff Cart, and Se, of Cart Gears for Sale. separately or in one lot, cheap. --PEacr GOODWIN. 15, Moor et., Ormekirk

A.EiTRU, all Dog Partekts to use cf.acel Pills for con- dltion or distemper, eczema or canker cured with one dressing; Is. 64. per boa.—Apply BaßLow, Tames st.. Radcliffe.

flo tHS safely cured of Worms by Thwaltes New Herbal Remedy ; 6d. per packet, (re., by post, 7 penny stamps. Directions with each packet ; no trouble. Horses eat it freely. G. THWAITES. Herbalist, Stookton-on-lees.

!BLACK PUG DOG. 18 months, tail well carried ou back. good coat, good house dog. good follower, cobbv, quiet with children, will sit up and beg. and walk on his bind lees round a dining-roond table: suit !al' £3, worth £lO approval carriage paid both ways.—jOHN BURGESS, White- field, Alderley rd., Wilmilow.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
poultry, eggs, at.

A YLIV,SURY DUCKLINGS, 7s. doz.; eblekens. mouth, Zl. 9s. 6d.—WISENAN. Hermitage, Abbey 4.00 d, Kent.

Pure-br.d Brown Legho.*n COOKRKL9, March bstehed. 1906 ; 3s. eacti.--hooEn LIPTBJT, Tontine. Orrell, Wigan. Po

LJLTU and Fruit Farm to Let.—Flre-roomed cottage; outbuilding. 26 miles London : good water; station one mile. —Bear, Platt, Borough Green, Kent.

FOWL CORN, 75. 6d., 105. 6d., 12,.6d. 24JibJ. ; Pig Food, 75. 61. and Poultry Meal. Bs. and 10e. per 2001bs,— NOCHE AND Co.. 15, Goree piazzaft, Ltrerponl. Mention paper.

POULTRY HOUSES and RUNS, in sections co-nplete from 21s. ; Deg Rennels from 68. 6d. each; Plgeon Houses f-om 15s. ; Dog Homes and ;tuns from 25g, ; Collie Kennels and Platform, 12s. 6d. ; Breeding Kennels from 50s. ; Boang Felt, Bs. 6d. per roll; 6 rolls, 201.—SMITH AND Co., Sectional Builders, 56. Seel it., Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
Vattner6bl9s, fittstnessts et.

(ILD-HSTABLIIHBO HAMDFUISSitiIri, Tot., News. ./ &c.. Main Ilt. ; Inhy town —33, GWYN ST., ReifOrd.

ETIRINLir from BusinAss..—Uff-Licenee for SsIC. with .1-11 i Small Brewery attached...-ilpply 7. TOOTSLL, Ashton St.. Darwen.

SOUTHPORT.—Ciennine Greengr),ery Hoelnees for sale (central) Louse attached.— NiudANds, Agent, Leicester et., Scnthport. BUTCHRR'S BUSINESS for dispcm, in Stockport ; good living accommodation ; rent clear.—CA,. E. BARLOW, 92, Heaton lane, Stockport.

BUS 'NESS hd & PARTNeRIHIP— .,.(Lond.4I mid Pro- vinces) Profits £750 to £1,550. Prices £5O to £5 000. —lllcfmtoern, GILBERT & Co.. 79, Queen st., London. LC.

g2o—Small MIXED BUSINESS (Grocer) with bake. • house attached. Bent 7s. clear. Capable of doing good business. Suit young coupIe.—GERRARD, 72 Chapel Green, Hindley, Wigan.

E3oTatrimemblDinitlHriftveAfsoßrllia-Typleniudazifi n in healLhiest part of B .uraeraout h.—Particular3 MORGAN," chelPa Registry. Bournemouth West.

ro BB BOLD BY Valuation the estsbliabed BUSINESS of 1 faIRSSRY :,nd FLORIST in Ashton, slang with two Greenhouses sCft. by Mt. ecti, heated. stoliced wich Tomato and otber plants, Shed. Frames,to.—Partieulars on applying to ROBERT Coon. 90,1Wark,it et., Stalytrldge.

ASON & 00..7. itnnelagb at.. Liverpool and 71, 11((arket IY.II st , Manchester (established 1877), have the following Businesses for Disposal : Milk, Cheshire side ; making £4 weekly profit, ; £197. Southport way, Dairy; taking £l3 weekly. Sweets ; profit' £3 101. weekly ; near the theatre. Tobacco. sc.; near football groans ; everything CM Stationery, &c; p:ofits £250 yearly; main cold. Milk, Cheshire ; 1.000 gallons weekly. Carting, ; profits 2.500 yearly ;14 heroes Ship Chandlers, near dock,; profits £275 yearly. Coal, country ; calling 107 tons monthly; £125. Baby Linen ; £95, including stock ; •orth £7O. Cowkeeper's, from £OO3 to £l.OOO gold districts. For further particulars apply to abo..e nthireAsel.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
ItlOnep

1/1-, 0 \ EY.—PRIVATE LOANS ADVANdED AT kv.A_ ONCIs from 4.10 to £5OO on Simple Promissory Note without security, Interest very low ; Repayments arranged to borrower's satisfaction ; Mo3t private and confidential ; On,. in town ; No objectionable inquiries or usual tom, office routine.—Apply personally or by letter in the strictest confidence and be convinced to Actual Lender.B. A. 131111NRY, 36, SPRING GARDIMS, 61/ANCIHRSTS R. To. 5666.1

PUBLIC NOTICE—THE OLD-ESTABLISHED BRADFORD A.DVANCR CO., OF YORKSHIRE, HAVE OPENED A BRANCH IN MaNCRESTER. LOANS GRANTED NO LESS THAN £lO, TO ANY AMOUNT ON PROMISSORY NOTE, ALSO ON FURNI- TURE WITHOUT REMOVING. REPAYMENTS TO SUIT BORROWEES. APPLY —TRH BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 83, BRIDGE-STREET. DEANSGATE. MANCHETER. ICLEPRONE N. 731 a.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £IOO.2i.DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WoIIKINGIEEN, and all Respent. able Householders, on their own aecurity, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay haok. PAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORUATION IrRiLY GIVEN. K. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNBS. FOOT OP THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER• JOH& E. GOO OWI 1. .13.--Tlatabliete.l at thi% Pw.ntw Yo.rw.

ESTABLISHED 1884. DROFESSIONAL Gentlemen, farmer 9, trades- I people,and respectable honsehilders can have immediate Advances from £lO to £l,o'-'0 privately. on note of b, nd only. at easy rates ; no fees charged ; hundreds of testi- monials to my honoorable and prompt dealings ; no genuine applicant refus.d ; cash advanced on all kin is of dads. shares, or any kind of security, on most reasonable terms ; distance no object, letters promptly attended to JOHN FLETCHER, 17, Trung•a ST., Shudehill, Manchester.

I.: 3922.

TAKE NOTICE—NO PIERS—NO SRCURITIRS. AVING A LARGE CAPITAL IN COMMAND IL we are prepared to make PRIVATE and PROMPT ADVANCRS in sums from £lO to £5,000 for any purpose at the Lowest rate of Internet in Lancashire and on the following easy repayments : £lO Loan from 3s. weekly. £5O Loan from 15s. weekly. £2O fis. ~ £lOO „ 306. MONTHLY OR QUARTHRLY RHPIYMRNTS TAKEN. larger amounts on terms to salt borrowers. No Delay. Strict Confidence whether business is done or not, Distance no object.—Anply to the actual lenders, where you are sure to be satisfied with the terms. SANDE Zt Co.. QUEEN'S CHAMBERS, It, JOHN DAL rON ST.. MANOHBSTBR.

PL ASH NOI 111 ADDRESS.—MAURICE: S.; CO 31, CAIRO ST.' WARRINGTON. THE MOST PRIVATE AND GENUINE OFFICE IN TOWN. I LEND MONEY to anybody worthy of credit. My rate of inter,st is very, low, and my repayments try; Repay- ments may be made s.s follows : £3 Loan... Is. weekly. £lO Loan—. 31, weekly. £5 Loan... Is. 6d. weekly. £l2 101n...131. 6d. weekly. £7 Loan... 2s. weekly. £2O ts. weekly. 'Other some In proportion. Monthly or Quarterly Payments taken. All transaotions treated with strictest confidence. whether business Is done or not. SO call or write before you decide to go elsewhere, to the Manageress. MESS COITERILL, 31, CAIRO ST., WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STRIIIIT, HANLEY, AND 13, NE WGATZ STREET, CD EsTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES. In Sums of from RIO to £l,OOO ON d IMPLa PROMISSORY NOTE. 13 All TIES wishing tor temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantares offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY 01" THE PROMISSORY NOVI TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING To RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF S ZALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROW RR. NO BILLS OF oALE ARE TARES UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. I APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTErTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative ss ill call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealfpg and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

PROGRAMMES for Entertainments, Concerts, &c., in the latest artistic style. SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS, Printed, Bound, Numbered, and Perforated to Order. JOHN WALKER & CO., BEWSET STRUT. WAREIN4TON

===== 0002601_19060721_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
2 ALWAYS USE McDOUGALLS Paterit SELF—RAISING FLOU

I 01202

===== 0002601_19060721_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
c"•- load ity, LOWesat in F.rine.

matten cannot be quite arranged in this way shades that tone together should be chosen. The Lates'. Craze.LA fad of the Moment is to have plaster casts made of ones hands or feet, and fair amateurs in this bmich of art are always on the look- out for speemens npon which to experiment. When tlniched thvlasts atp duly labelled and adorn the walls of the fashionable vrionaan's boudoir.

What the Suffragists Mean to do.—Ths Government is nnderstood to be rather concerned over the growing agitation nr tha political enfranchisement of women. They were inclined at first to regard the Forward Suffrarft Movement as a matter that need not be taken seriously. It is a thorny subject, but there is no doubt on which side rests the weight of opinion amongst working women, and this is an influence which the Government would rather have friendly than hostile to them. Meanwhile the women agitators are appealing for funds for en organised movement and declare that they have by no mesns done with Mr. Asquith, and other members of the Cabinet whom they regard as enemies to their cause. Demonstrations are to be con- tinued not only in London but in Manchester, Leeds, Glasgow, York, Huddersfield, and many other of the leading cities and towns in the North.

MADGE.

, ' . - . •VA-1,?,f..;474,,' -. , ' v, ),r(y•AU .. . . , . "- , _ ;'...i.:- ' ' ' - :,4.• ' , ,a. A.;:r r.* :. . .•-.l'• ' ' • 4i'. ' °.• -;;;,' . . -, • --,:'-.1-.. , • - .- •'r '..':-.";I:i. ;'W...;%. COCO' , .. ~.....!:.; . ~ .: .• -.4„..:,3,,,,,,./..pi,.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Improper use of Private Latters.—The reckless publication of private letters by biographers and others has often been deprecated, and it shocked Charles Dickens so much, that he destroyed every private letter he had received from any notable person. One is reminded of this by an incident whine took place last week, when a letter was sold at auction which had been addressed by the late Queen Victoria to her son, the present Duke of Connaught. There is no suggestion that anybody obtained possession of the document by improper means, but one would have thought that the original letter at any rate would not have been per- mitted to come into the market. The Heir to Hawarden.—The Hawarclen estates, to which Mr. William C. Gladstone has just succeeded on his coming of age, came to the late Mr. W. E. Gladstone through his wife. The historic flawArdeti Castle was dismantled during the Civil War and is only a ruin, but the modern building is famous is the home where the great statesman lived and died. Mr. Morley has told the story how the estates which extend to over 700 wres were rescued from financial confusion by the late Air. W. E. Gladstone. and they now bring in about £13,000 a year chiefly from mining royalties. The new owner is a son of the late Mr. W. IL Gladstone, and a grandson of the statesman. He inherits the Liberal traditions of the family, and intends to follow a political career. St. Swithin's tradition.—ln Prance, the day of the festival of St. Gervais (June 19) is marked by a similar superstition as we attach to the 15th July, viz., that if it rains on St.' Swithin's day,there will be rain for forty days after. In neither country do the records bear out these traditions. Moreover, rain seldom falls all over the country at the same time. It is no uncommon thing in the summer for it to rain on one side of the Toad and not on the other, and when, on this particular day it rains in one country, and not in the next, there are two opposite interpretations of the legend, and .experience shows that one is just as likely to be right As the other. At the same time there is no doubt some truth in the old belief that the first fortnight in July will show what the summer is to be. If that is so, the omens this year are distinctly favourable. Some people have hurried on their summer holidays for fear that as we have had so much fine weather a wet season lies ahead, but this is not according to the old belief that fine weather over the half year means a fine summer.

Useful Serge.—For the river, linen and muslin have I somewhat ousted serge, but the latter fabric promises to reign supreme at Cowes. White and cream will lead, but our old friend navy blue, trimmed with white, or red, will be much in evidence. Her Majesty Queen Alexandra has a great affection for navy blue serge, touched with white, so also has the Princes Royal, but the Princess of Wales and Princess Victoria invariably prefer all white, or cream serge toilettes. Undoubtedly 1 for yachting serge scores, especially the home-made 1 navy serge, which resists with true John Bull sturdiness 1 all attempts to deprive it of its original possessions of utility and cornliness of texture. Travelling Hats and Veils.—The long gauze veil floating behind, appears to be greatly beloved by vast numbers of women tourists—foreigners for the most part—this summer, but as, worn in this particular way it is neither useful or ornamental, it is better dispersed with. The only possible excuse for such an accessory is when it is required for securinv.headgear and keeping turbulent locks tidy. Veils for use when travelling, should be entirely free from floating effects,and absolute neatness should be the order of the day. When starting upon a long railway journey the wise woman too will not omit to slipinto into her roll of wraps and rugs, a soft tweed cap. The comfort of such an addition to one's luggage is beyond mere words, moreover the damage usually caused to ahat or toque by the showers of cinders and clouds of dust, which inevitably accom- ?zany the traveller who loves fresh air,and open windows is thus averted. Dust Wraps.—The most extraordinary bargains in dust coats are being offered at the sales, and those among us who have to be contented with one and only, would be well advised to select it built of silk tussore, in some light shade of grey or fawn. The cut should be of the simplest and no fixed trimmings sliould be thought of. The garment should be stitched only, and an adjustable collar and undersleeves of lace provided so that in a few moments, the coat could be turned into a dressy affair, for a garden party, race meetings, or any other outdoor festivity. When soiled, it could be 4" dipped" either dark grey, brown, or blue, all of which colours the material will take splendidly. Embroidered Robes.—Japanese embroidered dresses are coming rapidly to the ,ront, and such an investment bids fair to prove a desirable one. The embroidery is beautifully done, the material itself is good and durable, and the effect produced is charming. At the garden party given by the Prince and Princess of Wales, at Marlborough House, last week, one beautiful woman appeared in a gown of this description, the fabric being crêpe of an apple pink hue, embroidered with white acacia blossom. A blonde girl "Ms wearing a honey colored crepe frock,upon which black and. white butter:

flies were gaily disporting themselves, while a decided brunette had donned a pearl-grey crepe gown, embroidered with storks. These Japanese embroidered robes will wear and clean splendidly, and are really less expensive than many ordinary gowns. Hosiery and Footwear.—Coloured hosiery and foot- wear are being worn with summer frocks, and the boot and shoe manufacturers, who have long been trying to get one to appreciate the beauty of coloured leather. seem at length to have success within their grasp. For wear with white toilettes, pale grey shoes and hosiery are the vogue, and present a very neat and smart appearance, bright colours, and any note of contrasting footwear being avoided by the best dressed women. Shoes and stockings should match the gown and if

What Other People pay.

That `‘ Its sustaining power is very grere That "It surpasses humanised milk."

And all this is true.

Age

That " Benger' s makes an excellent food far general purposes."

Although Benger's Food is primarily a nutritive food for use in cases of weakened digestive systems, it is regularly taken by .many who are not in any sense invalids, but who know its great value. Children thrive as th.. 7 should on Benger's Food. Delicate and Aged Persos njoy it. . Remember there are no harsh or indigestible particles in Benger's Food. It is rnixed with fresh, new milk, and forms a dainty and delicious cream.

Benger's Food is Sold in Tins by Chemists, &e., eve27,,where, For Infants, gnvaiids arid

etr..4 41,1, y . ? A i.i , PH -, • ~; t.. 4• . . . .., , -a•.-' • ,•• .., i t, ..,. A. - '.. - 2P--. ~.., ~.. ,V I.,:tii. ..o 7 : ='• , , ..'‘,. 2, 1 CO. .., ..Y.4 *6 1 lt• 4.•',.. , ?4't 4. ClA't ,C. '•",. a,' .* .4, I; lea e ...-x- - ~, •a :- „.--- . , .„, ~,,,,.. ~,‘„,„, : °1 ~,,, ,,, ,I. • .o=', „_, 4 'l',., ' 11,101=,•,, A 1.,,,„,;.,, ':e , - .:. ~, .4ff-I . , ~,,, , ~,,,r;„ ..,,,,,,„--. l• . „O,A), (...,,...„a ..' t,,,, .i." -,•`'',.;.1,„',..,.5•• ' - - 1.44 o-t-. v'S-:./.1,,,;4? ~,,,,,0,-= = Yli e . , .:f.Z., , •1+ , 1". ' .. . . ~,, ..'At. •, % 4.- ifr Am, ' fel) At ,V z• , 1.,....1 *, ..•-•••,4-'.., ~- , • 'zit '.; peri•Glio,f'''`')e-• 4.7- , .0.6 ~ V" . ~, .. - -,,, . -.. Iv , , ....ft.,,, ~ -i.:- , $ :-.' . • . , ..,t, '. % 04,4, ~,,;,•- -• ~.ote ... aw, ':--•,, _"l,,h3k, ' S dr,- ' ..1,t.-ti, "-t,,- .'s' . : , •', -, c1,,,', ~ ....."f -F. "„. ii. 4.1*-„,, • W: , , ~ - ..itie474.Ftet.':..../4.4t?; 4'•" .e* ,;,:i...:',.57., -7 ;" .:,. ' "....;"' 'lr,` ' ' ..,.,. : ....t.,y,-*-41,„'-i1..-):4-4-4,0 • , . ' , .f, .1. -,.' < 0., • . ''''''. • '''' - '' : `,,Z'f.,...*;::-14170e47.7rM ''''''re"- ' -tdair. , t ''''''' ''4"..* -- ....,. .4404:-.0 ..,., o.v_ ........0...1 • ...!.= . , 0441;4;;x47- ''' ' , ,---

===== 0002601_19060721_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
UTTERLY EXHAUSTED.

Business Man's Serious State. Dejected, and Wretchedly Weak, with Unbearable Back Pains. Sinking into Despondency.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
DrAVILLIAMS'PINK PILLS FOR PALE PEOPLE

Brought back Health and Vigour.

To neglect of the flrst warnings by which Nature makes known approaching weakness and disease Mr. Benjamin T. Line, of 35, Follywell-street, Blackburn, attributes the intense suffering that darkened his life until Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People restored health and vigour. " I first had a curious feeling of weariness," said Mr. Line, "that no rest would dispel. Throughout the day I was worried with this strange sensation of fatigue, and no matter how heavily I slept at night I would rise the next morning just as weary and depressed. In time I became utterly exhausted, and though 1 continued to go to business I was not fit for work ; in fact, at the end of the day I felt almost dead. Sometimes I could hardly walk ; a dull irritating pain settled in the middle of my back, succeeded at times by shooting pains which became unbearably intense. A change came over my appearance •, I was pale and careworn, and my eyes were sunken. All energy was sapped out of my body, and though medical men and acqutintances advised various medicines nothing gave assistance. "I had almost lost hope of recovery when I remem- bered having read of many cures by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. It was like an inspiration. I bought a box and took the pills according to directions. They seemed to rouse me from my despondent state, and with two boxes I felt that health was returning. By persevering with the pills I overcame the terrible feeling of exhaustion, and with a few boxes my cure was complete. Thanks to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I have completely regained health, strength, and spirits, and business is once more a pleasure." Strength, nerves of steel, and good blood are given to weak, ailing men by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They have cured Debility. Indigestion, Eczema, Rheumatism, Nervous Disorders, including St. Vitus' Danee and Paralysis; for women they are specially valuable in the ailments of their sex. 2s. 9d. a box, or 13s. 9d. for six, post free from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Holborn-viaduct, London ; also of most dealers, but remember that common pills coated pink are useless and will not cure you. Always ask for Dr. Williams'.

OMAN'S RE\A.LM.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

A FRENTR IDEA.

Now that all thoughts are turned towards sim- plicity in table decoration, a scheme s3en lately at the house of a French lady may not appeal on account of its elaboration; but the elaboration is more in the description than in the reality. which was quite effective, quaint, and taste:Mi. Should any reader attempt thi; decoration, sl:.• must remember that its success depends entirely on airiness and lightnass of arrangement. Here is the idea; a series of gilded amboo arclien, running from end to end of the table, each arc'n decorated with orchids, maidenhair fern. and Louis Seize bows of mauve ribbon. Though the erection was kept low enough not to interfere with the comfort of the guests, the little golden arches bore small bunches of grapes, baskets of strawberries, and fancy cases of bon-bons, thus adding utility to beauty. A small bouquet, tied with a mauve ribbon bow, was placed at each guest's place, the trail of ribbon and fern • from one bouquet touching on to the nest, until they finished at each corner in a nest of orchids and II lattice work of ribbons.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY COSTUME.

- -- Our illustration depicts a pretty white foulard dress patterned with groups of black spots. The bodice is made with a yoke and collar of broderie anglaise, and the bebe bodice is tucked round the bend of the figure and gathered closely

in round the waist, from vilicnc:‘ it flows put into the skirt in graceful folds. The hem of the skirt is decked with broad tucks to match thes3 on the bodice, and these are headed with a Greek-key pattern in the hroderie anglaise. The short sleeves are gathered into a cuff above the elbow, and end in two small frills of the foulard. The hat worn with this costume is a very smart littlo shape in soft black tucked tulle, and has no trimming save a white tulle, scarf wound round the crown, knotted down on to the brim at one side, and carried down in the form of streamer strings.

, rjr.Zer , V ,r,......... •k , -fr.:- .... \... , .ti klir, :- : ~ • ~.,...,••=,-.- . % . it c--'.l;!f-,...,' , .1., :V p .. ',;:t .t; ' (1 1• " ' ' •:'..../b :It 1 ' ,;',',' '?* - I 4111 1 A.",- J , ~.: s' , • &..p..., ..,, :. ..\..,:. '4 111. -): 1 .. , \:. ti:,4*-4P,1q.„.a{:',,,,,, ,--I ;,r • • ~g,•;.. ~,e,kril. 47:41.1"'-5.1 4.--Nl*.ke.4;,*:-.417.i-1," i'V ,t ' ,3: __7., •• . 'Z.i,,•,is-I,4_b '1.?" ..-....,1et.,

===== 0002601_19060721_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' TAILORING.

It is indicative of the strong hold ladies' tailors have secured upon their clients to find the steady demand still devolving upon them. Usu- ally at this period of the year, the Tailor and Cutter points out, the essential characteristic of the tailor's gown appears a little inappropriate. Summery attire is more in keeping with tropical conditions than a cloth robe, but the excellent qualities in perfections of fit and design of the latter is no doubt responsible for the creation of many tailors' unconventionalities now going through. Flannel costumes are in good request, and linen gowns are to be seen in some tailors' establishments.

.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACK GOWN STYLE.

The possibilities of the black gown are on such a grand and extensive scale that its variations are easily adapted to the young, the middle- aged, and the elderly, and although its primary fabric should be of fine quality, good colour, and of fairly substantial texture, writes a gossiper in the Lady, I would entreat the intending wearer carefully to consider her own figure before she decides upon the shape and make. For a very ample figure, a slight pouch in front takes off a good deal from the size, and a straight belt is quite unsuitable, but the rucked belt, which is rather wide at the back and narrows off in front, is delightful with a pouched vest or blouse, or even where cascades of lace meander down the front and droop over the skirt.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
DAINTY NECLIGE.

In our sketch is. depicted a dainty neglig6, which could be carried out very inexpensively ha muslin or mercerised lawn in . white or any of the pretty pale colours. On the shoulders the gown is arranged in a deep yoke, which is con- cealed beneath the cape or collar, which con- sists of broderie anglaise, finished with two full frills edged,. with Valenciennes lace. Over each shoulder there are two long strips of embroidery, which meet in a point at the waist behind, and are continued down to the hem in front, strips of embroidery outlining the noel:. The material is gathered very closely, and is drawn in at the

waist by a ribbon belt, which is passed beneath the embroidery and tied loosely in front, the 'hem being finished with two wide tucks. The sleeves consist of two very full frills, each edged with Valenciennes lace.

• ---- C 4"' otz It.? I .. ~ i• , .. ~e.."...0 -7,‘,., e-' ' iff 1 1 11,:e\''''' ' .:11•61' >r eel Ni. ..4-,,,.:.••,01,:41",, s, . f'iy.' \ IYIP, V \ A.,:•., v VII I:\ •\ . , . at, . tli \ .11 ii;/ •,. /2 C\\\ 2' . . .i.• 41 . 14:14:'•)--'-' 'c• ;or 'A`iiiii;•:,-1: sa.,!„, :, ~,;::....,,„:

===== 0002601_19060721_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAUTY PARASOLS.

Parasols are playing a very important part this summer. There are the little ones, with folding handles and dangling fringes, and there are the embroidered muslin "shades," with linings of palest mousseline de soie or of pleated gauze. The real " beauty parasol " f the season, how- ever. is made of pearl-grey éhiffon and lined with shell-pink crepe de chine. ,Ono of these exquisite sunshades intended for Goodwood has the stick of polished ebony, with a handle of filigree silver inset with baroque pearls. The sunshade is not very large, but it has several pleated frills of the two delicate colours, and it casts a most flatter- ing shade over the face. Now that pale grey shoes and gloves are so much worn with white gowns. a' parasol would be ideal, but the pink must be of the faintest and softest shade, and likewise the pearl-grey chiffon. Some people cherish an idea that red parasols are becoming; certainly they are cheerful, but unless to an exceedinily pale skin they are by no means flat- tering. On a hot day they make the average complexion look as though it were on fire.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

STUFFED CABBAGE.—Take a fresh cabbage and remove the larger leaves carefully, washing them well in salted water. Have ready some boiling water, well salted; throw in the cabbage leaves, and cook for five minutes. Let them remain in the water until they are soft, and then cut away the hard outer stalk. Take a breakfastcupful o? lentils which have been soaking for twelve hours and boiled for half.an-hour, and the same quantity of cooked rice. Max these together, add a teaspoonful of chopped mushrooms, double the quantity of minced shallot, a IFttle seasoning of salt and pepper, and a squeeze of lemon-juice. Fut a little of the mixture into the centre of isach cabbage leaf, roll up—folding the edges over neatly—and place the stuffed leaves in rows Ar, tne nottom or a erewpam rour in summenz water—well 'seasoned—to cover, them, and Sim- mer for an hour. Dish them c4refully so as not to break the rolls, and serve with a goad tomato

(Copyright)

A SON OF EMPIRE.

BY MORLEY ROBERTS, Author of "The Western Avernus," " Strong Melt and True," "The Earth Mother," "Red Earth," "The Great Jester,",

===== 0002601_19060721_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XX.

The dread of things Amelia would say had ruined what at one time had promised to be a fine career. She sent him into Parliament when he did not want to go; she dragged him out when he wished to stay; she had a headache and a distinct pain when anything displeased her even in the first years of their marriage. And now to tell her this news about Madge, when he knew she had set her heart on the girl's marrying young Maitland, was a perfectly appalling task. _

Madge watched his wrinkled brow, and through her tears saw every motion of his mind. "And oh, dad, you won't tell mother yet?" "No," said her father, "I won't—yet." "And not till I ask you, please." He looked at her doubtfully. "Yon told me this in confidence, didn't you?' "Of course," said Madge. "Then I suppose I musn't, though I ought to," said Mr. Gretton, with a sigh of relief. "And don't speak to Sir Dan about—him," said Madge, with downcast eyes, "because Sir Dan hates him."

"Hates him? Why's that ? " "Well—he does," said Madge. "It was Sir Dan who made it so hot for him in India." "So hot for him in India, eh ? " mused her father. "Confound it Is Sir Dan responsible for the climate ?" Madge laughed and pretended it was a huge joke. "But you know what I mean." And she got up from the floor and sat on his knee, and with her arm about his neck said he was a darling, and the best father in the entire universe. And she wondered if he would ever know about that telegram, and if so what he would think. "Where does this scoundrel of yours live, now ? " asked Mr. Gretton presently. "I—believe he's staying at 80, Duke-street, S. James's, dad."

Mr. Oretton sighed. "Well, if you believe it. I daresay he may be heard of there, Madge. Good-night, dear." She clung round his neck. "Am I so horrid ? "No, my darling." • am." She kissed him again and again, and left him sitting before the fire in strange desolation. For years she had been home to him—home, pleasure, pride, and delight. And now the golden dragon, India, might swallow her up for many long years, as it had done his boy. Amelia, untenmered by her children, offered a rank prospect; she would be more intolerable than ever. But if she was he would go out to India himself. The thought of freedom encouraged him. He rose from his chair in better heart, and, taking a drink of whisky, con- founded Amelia and her works. He felt far more friendly to this interloping Blundell, who offered him a chance of liberty, and sitting down wrote him a letter-. He posted it himself. He went to his club early next morning, and at eleven Blundell's card was brought in to him. The two men looked into each other's eyes and shook hands. At first Gretton felt that Blundell was far too old for Madge; he noticed the touch of grey above his ears. And yet he was a very fine fellow. "I hope you don't feel very hostile to me, sir ?" said Blundell, frankly, after the first uneasy moment. "You must know I do, Captain Blundell," answered Gretton, rather sadly. He looked older than his years. "I can understand it."

"She is my only daughter." Richard thanked him inwardly for having one. VO did not require two. "I know your son, Mr. Gretton," he said, irrelevantly; "and he's a very fine young fellow. Perhaps you know we were together with the Karak column?" "Of course I know," said the father, proudly, "and I'm glad to meet you on that account. I only learnt yesterday that you were in town. And —if it hadn't been for difficulties I should have asked you to dine with us. But I didn't know you knew Margaret." Richard looked at him straight. "Our first meeting was accidental and rather in- formal, sir." "So I understand," said Gretton, a little drily. "Mrs. Gretton distinctly disapproves of it. And I am not prepared to say that I approved of it myself." "Oh, sir, it was very natural," cried Richard. "The devil's in nature!" growled Gretton. "And I understand you want to marry her?" "Certainly, 'said Richard. "Did she not say so ? " "Of course she said so. But it's hardly a ques- • tion of what she said. This is a serious matter." "I think she is serious, too, sir," cried Richard, warmly. He looked much younger, and Mr. Gretton noted it. "How old are you?" he asked, abruptly. " Thirty-eight. " "And she's nineteen." f. "Nearly twenty, sir." P.. "There's a great disparity." r"Not too great, Mr. Gretton. I'm really a very young man. And now I have very good prospects." "Inn," cried Gretton; "and so has she. Do you know she will have money, and a good deal of it, on the death of her soother? A remote thing, of course, for Mrs. Gretton, I'm happy to say, is so strong that all the doctors in London can't kill her." Richard looked at him with a faint glint in his eye. "I'm happy to hear both statements, Mr. Gretton. Money is an excellent thing, an in. dispensable thing. I don't undervalue it." "And may I ask what 'you have of your own? Most men- in the Indian Army leave their English regiments because of money." Richard nodded. "I was in the Hussars, and could have managed to stay there on that account." "Then why did you lea-ve your regiment ?" It was rather an awkward question, but Richard answered it. "I was a young fool of twenty, and I got the General Officer commanding down on me." "What about 2" asked Gretton, ruthlessly. And to his own astonishment and to Gretton's he actually blushed. "It was about a—lady, Sir." "That's bad," grunted Gretton. "I deeply regret it," said Richard; "but it was eighteen years ago, and I have learnt sense since then. You would not think the folly of a boy, which was bitterlst pond for, any imnediment ?"

-

===== 0002601_19060721_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXI.

But the worst was not over; perhaps it was only beginning. If Madge had been just a little more suspicious or a little less wrapped up in herself and Richard, that smile of her mother's at dinner-time might have warned her of pits and coining disasters. Mrs. Gretton said she was not better, but more able to bear it. and the reason was that she had again heard from Sir Dan. What she learnt from the Adjutant-General's letter Richard 'Blundell knew when he left Mr. Gretton and went to his own club. For he found there a letter from.the Intelligence Department, asking him to call on Major-General Turner, the chief of the branch. "Now, what the deuce does he want with me ?" asked Richard, with a frown. "Does he want to know anything about Gulistan and Chitral and the passes of it? Or would he like my opinion of the shooting at Dum-Dum ? or is he going to offer me some confounded appointment in the purlieus of Fall Mall " He smoked two perique cigarettes. • "I'll go round now, he cried presently ;ansi clapping his hat on, he stalked through St. James's- square. He was just a little apprehensive of un- welcome gifts. For things had gone wondrous well for him with Madge's father. The old chap—who was' by no means an old chap at all—was delightful, and would make a paragon of a father-in-law. And Richard was eager -Co try him in that character. Every day saw him deeper in love with ,Madge. She was the poden of Cashmere to his sultry, sun- burnt India; nightingales sang in her kroves ; sire was a strange, sweet Paradise to one who ha, wandered for long, unhappy year si by the confines of the Pit. , Bless her a thousand times for wl;r,; she had done, for what she was, and for what sh. "'Quid

-

MajoC-General 'Turner was in the office, and would see Captain Blundell at once. „- . .

"Oonfound him ! What's the answer to the puzzle?" thought Richard, and he was before the answerer the next minute. - He found him to his for Turner was a decent little fellow, though far from being a typical soldier, according to popular notions, or even according to notions popular in the Service. "I heard of your being in town only a couple of days ago," said Turner, "and when I heard of it, the thought occurred to inc that you were the very man we wanted." _ _

Richard acknowledged the compliment gloomily. "One so often has to work with the best at hand that the best there is seems a rare piece of luck," smiled Turner.

"Confound it I What beastliness does he want me for now? "• thought Richard. "Anything I can do for you I shall be only too glad to do, sir," he replied, aloud. "I wanted a man with zeal, tact, discretion, all of which, lam glad to say, can be had pretty easily," said Turner; "but I wanted also a man who knows the Soudan."

"0 LOrd ! " cried Blundell, internally. "Islow I'm in for it!"

"Your previous experience there, when you went through from Somaliland by way of Hamar, will be of the greatest assistance to you and to us. And your knowledge of the languages, which is known to be extraordinary, fits you to be the head of a confidential expedition we are sending down through the Hinterland of Abyssinia." „—. . .

"Thank you, sir," said Richard, sombrely. .Te saw the blazing desert aanin, and the murderous sun glaring through a redsand-storm. The groan- ing camels bared their teeth and grinned unhappily; men died and withered to mummies. Madge's oasis was a fond, foolish mirage. And yet, after his banishment from activity, to spring to the front again, and to lead an expedition was much—very much.. . _

"I understand you have six months' leave from Tudia.." gala Turner, Pleasantly, "and. of course. it shall be extended to any amount. We expect you will be away a year; if you are lucky, it may be less." Richard nodded. His mind worked furiously; he was on the horns of a dilemma. To take this might be to lose Madge; to refuse might ruin him again in the Service. He could not take it. He must take it.

But Turner never imagined that he would not. He began a lecture on the politics of the expedition. Richard heard him as if he was talking through a speaking-tube. The pretentions of the Abyssinians; the ambition of the French to come in from the French Congo; Egypt and the Soudan; Darfour and British Equatorial Africa; a north and south Transcontinental telegraph; the British Govern- ment, and schemes originating in Capetown, buzzed in his ears, and were piped at him thinly. For little Turner was an Imperialist of the first water, and, sitting at his desk, translated many ideas into action.

"We are anxious that this should be carried through without noise, ostentation, or newspaper paragraphs," said Turner at length, "and you will especially direct your attention to making the expedition a silent and bloodless one. The less that is heard about it the better. You will get no public kudos for it, Captain Blundell. But if you succeed, as I know you will, you will have me at your back in obtaining any appointment that your service entitles you to apply for. When can you start?" "Whenever you like, sir," said Richard, dreamily. "In a week from now, then," cried Turner. —You will find all preparations made for you on your arrival at Zeila. I will let you have your final instructions in three days. Call here for them. I am extremely glad to haNe seen you, Captain Blundell. You did very well, I know, in Gulistan, but if you carry this through you will find it even more to your credit." "I am always ready —ao my duty, air," said Richard, grimly. And going outside, he cursed the entire Intelligence Department, from Major-General Turner at the top down to the meanest copyist at ten- pence an hour. What a slave a man was ! Here he was politely borrowed from the India Office, as though he was a second division clerk or a telegraph operator, and it was practically impossible to refuse to be lent. Again he saw the confounded plains of the lower Soudan, and between far wells skeletons lay half buried in the drifting sand. Dust devils, the black and red magicians of the desert, stalked hissing over a fiery land. His mouth was dry; Ile hit on dust.

Be wrote to Madge when he got back to his rooms. And as he wrote with strange and melan- choly passion, his heart bled for her more than for himself.. For in him disaster on disappoint- ment and disappointment on disaster had bred something akin to Oriental fatalism. For as fatalism is the more peculiar heritage of the race which has been beaten a thousand times, it is bestowed on the man who has failed. He felt be could endure anything now; even if Madge were taken from him the despair would lead to no out- burst of repining. For what is written is written, and God is Great

But for this sweet child, now no more a child, but in the first glory of her womanhood and her first passion, he knew his going would be like the bitter- ness of death. Perhaps she would not recognise the necessity for it ; she might imagine for one moment of anguish that he desired to go ; that he did not love her; that his love Ead died, or had never existed. And even if she saw that it was impossible.for him to refuse, she mould imagine, withjiwift fertility of dark forebodings, no return out of the bitter desert. A year of absence meant a year of suspense. And yet, would she remember? She had remembered when he had forgotten, and by remembering had created him anew. Now, out of her efforts for him came this period of trial ; the gods had granted her petition with ironic laughter.' He wrote her a long letter, and told her his heart, his hopes, his fears. For many, many years he had not broken down the barriers between him- self and any human soul, but now at last they were swept away in flood; he could endure no narrow limits ;his words were instinctive, alive ; they ached with passion; were musical and strange. This was their marriage; the infinite passion of this dark, restrained man, unrestrained, overwhelmed her like Love itself.

For when Madge read his words in the morning she knew how utterly he was hers at last, and not even the anguish of imminent parting could' destroy the deep content with which she made peace with her own soul. She had given herself away without being asked; she had bestowed her love at sight, and had wrought for a return. Now his love was hers without any reservation ; she saw him writing ; beheld his stern, set face grow 'mobile under the influence of rare emotion. She had conquered her love, had won her kingdom; living or dead 'she was his for ever; he was hers though his bones Whitened ,on the Nubian desert, though they met no more tinder the canopy of Heaven.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
(71, he eantianed.)

At an inquest on the body of an old Chelsea woman, it was shown on Tuesday that she had been reduced to such a state of nervous dread by reading of motor 'bus fatalities that she feared to leave her house and hanged herself behind the kitchen door.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOLBOY KILLED ON THE RAILWAY.

William Thompson, 11, a Great Harwood schoolboy' was examining a bird trap set between the railway metals whilst shunting operations were going on, when be was caught by a wagon and terribly mutilated, death being instantaineous.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES,

Bold-street Wesleyan Church

At this Church on Sunday morning the Rev. J. Manning preached on "Life's difficulties and how to meet them." At the evening service the preacher was the Rev. Frederick R. Bell, of Widnes.

J. it Seddon, M.P., at Penketh. Mr. 3. A. Seddon, M.P., was present at the open meeting of the Penketh Wesleyan Men's Bible Class on Sunday, and delivered-a lecture in the Wesleyan Church entitled " Christianity v. Atheism." Mr. Charles E. Parker, the president, presided over a large attendance. Miss L. Plinston, of Warrington, sang two solos, and Mr. G. W. Weaver officiated at the orga.n. The lecturer dealt with his subject in an able manner, and contended that everyone was bound to admit there was a Supreme Being. He trusted that everyone present would endeavour to carry out Christ's teachings.

Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church. The Rev. S. Pitt preached at this church on Sunday morning and made an appeal on behalf of the West Indian Distress Fund. He described at some length the history of the mission and the reasons for the present crisis which were: the revolution in trade consequent upon the failure of the sugar industry, hurricane, earthquakes and Volanic disturbances which had brought the mission to the verge of bankruptcy. In the evening the pulpit was occupied by the Rev. J. Manning who preached on "The character of Samson." Mr. Pearce effectively sang the solo "Arm, arm ye brave " from " Judas Maccabaeus."

Latchford Baptist Church. There were large congregations at the Latchford Baptist Church on Sunday when the preacher was the Rev. J. F. Matthews. In the morning his subject was "a visionless people" and in the evening "The inwardness of fear." Preaching on the latter subject he said we ought to fear, not so much from the dread of future punishment, but from horror at the enormity of the results arising from our wrong doing and evil. We feared to wound where we loved—where we loved udeeplypon thwe e iwheerret iaelswwayhsi which castinglove acbroetai ttetdo avoid betweeni nl nwgo- souls—a ud the same fear should operate between our- selves and God. We should fear to wound Him because we loved Him deeply. Church Sunday School Association. The quarterly meeting of the Warrington Church Sunday School Association was held, at Padgate, on Saturday. The afternoon was spent at a garden party in the vicarage grounds, which were looking their best and, as the weather was highly favourable for out-door amusements, the time was passed most agreeably, At 5.30, by which time nearly 100 had assembled, tea was partaken of in the National School. The tables were daintily set out, and much praise was bestowed upon Mrs. Grounds, who was responsible for the arrange- ments. -At 7.15 a service was held in Christ Church, and was largely attended. The service was read by the Rev. W. Pollock-Hill, the preacher being Canon Spooner, Archdeacon of Warrington, who deliverecian address on the work of the Sunday school teacher the importance of which he said weuld be much increased if the Education Bill were passed. Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. There WAS a fair attendance at the cleating on Sun when the Hon. Secretary (Mr. B. Farrar) presid spoke upon " Pleasing memories." He said that A remember things they desired to forget was ate.r good for them as way marks, and reminders of thel, great weakness, and often drew men to God their grea', Helper. But the memories that were pleasant—gne" living, faithful service, devotion to duty—came to them as a great reward now and filled them with prospective joy for time and eternity.—Mr. F. Fooks, of Manchester, delivered an address upon "Fighters "—not in ft physical sense, but from an intellectual, moral' MR" spiritual point of view. Prayer was the great leier which made for strength and made them mighty against sin. Mr. W. H. Payton, Mils. Bite., presided at the organ. Mr. Lewis took part in the meeting. £1 Ils Scl was received for the organ fund, the Secretary asking the brethren to take out subscription cards for their wives and friends. A pleasing feature of the meeting was the very hearty sin ging of the hymns.

Re-Opening Services at St. Paul's. The re-opening services in connection with St. Paul's Church were continued on Sunday, when there were large congregations, the preacher in the morning being the Vicar. In the afternoon a children's service was held, followed by a united Bible class service, the preachers being the Rev. H. Bowen, curate, and the Rev. John Colon, a former curate. At the evening service the Vicar again preached,alluding to the wonder- ful transformation which bad been effected in the appearance of the Churcb, and shelved what important lessons might be derived in one's daily life from the cleansing and renovation. He hoped their minds and hearts would be renovated and that their bodies would become temples of the Holy. Ghost. He paid a high compliment to Mr. John Hesketh, the decorator, in making what they thought it at one time was impossible such a beautiful church. An anthem was very creditably rendered by the choir and precessional and recessional hymns were sung. Collections were made in aid of the renovation fund.

of the tinned a the pedal Sun- ting in ite the ,up in ed and re was :ouncil IMMOn is con - whom yen jog Ad in

===== 0002601_19060721_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
OPEN-AIR CAMPAIGN.

The open-air campaign under the auspices of the Warrington Free Church Council is being continued with enthusiasm. Since the combined meetinr, on the fair ground the various churches have formed special groups which operate in the various districts. On Sun- day evening last the Latchford group held a meeting in Thelwall-lane; Stockton Heath people met opposite the Mulbery Tree Hotel, and the Bewsey-road group in Napier-street. All the meetings were well attended and were highly successful. The Rev. J. F. Matthews was desirous that during the winter months the council should arrange for services to be held in the common lodging houses of the town as by this means he is con- vinced that they will be able to reach the class whom it is most desired to influence—Last (Thursday) evening another of the series of open-air services was held in Penketh.

£20,000 COMPENSATION FOR MR. CYRIL MAUDE Speaking to the proprietors of the South-Eastern Railway on Tuesday, Mr. Cosmo Bonsor announced that the company had paid £20,000 as compensation to Mr. Cyril Maude in connection with the accident to the Avenue Theatre when the roof of Charing Cross Rail- way Station collapsed.

'Fps! I (5

Parlest Warri n,

Hint' Cordin CrPss, Render! liocrart Cress. Cooke

- --- Conn( C. Hind Cress' RYlanee Creme v 'lO tt Gle;tve "Wars

J. A. c J. Cr ess(

T. Mars J.Ctroacw Ski W. TT. C

13. Ban

Wt 4 . Mars • Vale g• B. Li ,Whith tl• Wart Whi

ST. HT

ll' .461 I,llVdc? Gloi •pt,'• Sgtr w. S.s e • • tott G ivr ic Light AriTa• vl, rf,ovle Ta, A tyrcle : Alsop

WARR, ArPle„ \'Prirr‘ ( erey TbY°P.'

14". b g p,,,rowr 0 2arri .s r...orte E l 4.SaaxPote

,rertosFl 'tonday

Cr b". W. Ba Wa 13Ath Artnn . 'NM Whitfl .r.hoad buttor

ABYVtalc'„l 1(7 CI ri• Bar • Athery VQ• Arai • •-neken -- A. Glen? Podme, F. Hard H. Newer T. Burke

t

f

N

n die t°

===== 0002601_19060721_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

131 R- V s' Vt A .4'-•••- im.ao calw DIIIEALEPS FOR CAT/

WEST LANCASHIRE LEAGUE. . : FIRST DrvISTON. r i RESULTS TO SATURDAY. Pld. Won Lost Dn. Pts . P.lrlestoxrn .T,arrington - \ ewton-le-Willows` Present Stanley St. Helens Recs. St. Helens

• BENTSET ROAD WESLEYANS V, ST. JAMES', LATCH- TORD.—At Arpley. Scores :- 13ENVSEY-ROXD. ST. JAMES'. J. Forster b Davies 2Mr Forster b Craddock 1 A. Clare b Davips R. Burns h Holt 6 C. Holt b :Tolley 2 J. Jolley c Minards b Rev. D. R. Davies b Davies R. Craddock run out 0 C. Hackney o Crooks b H. Dale b Davies 0 Due F. Tanner b Minards ... 25 W. Minards o Jolley b W. Mellor b Davies 0 Dale E. Deeley not out 9 J. Cartwright b Dale... 0 J. Crookes run cult 0 C. Woodhead c Burns W. Drury b Wright 0 b Craddock • 0 F. Heenom h Crookes 4 E. Todd not out 3 W. Wright b Deeley Extras

Extras

Total ......... 52 Total Sr. JAMES' (LATCHFORD) 2ND V. BEWSEV-ROAD WESLEYANS 2ND.—Played at Arpley on Saturday. ' Score : NEwTox-Lx-Wmr.ows V. WARRINGTON.7—At Newton- BEWSEY-ROA.D WESLEVANS. ST. JAMES.' 5-Willows. Score : Floyd o Wright bW. W.Foulkeq c Lockett b NEWTON. WARRINGTON. : Ankland %Hindley b Connor ... 4 Turton c Cooke b . Woolev o Munn bW. E. Wright c Gedda.rd b ordinglev c Connor b Howarth eresswell 6 'Callon lbw h Howarth 2 , Caldwell c Wright hW. W. Ankland, o Lockett Henderson h Connor 2 PrAmore b Howarth .11 A !Aland Rnrrarth c Duckworth b Wright oH. Hindley b Turner b Walker Creswell 3 Cooke ' Jolley b Walker 0 E. Booth b Caldwell... 10 Cooke c Duckworth b Bibby o Cordingley b Connor 9 Cooke , Forster cM. Aukland b C. Davenport. b Jolley 0 W 't . Aukland 3 J Gibbs o Forster b e• Hindlev c Connor b Connor o Cooke b 3 Caldwell Geddard b Walker Cressweil hYlance c Connor b Richardson o Hender- , Millett o Wright b b Millett Creswell 6 son b Howarth.... h Ankland '-'endry b Connor ... ...... 0 Thompson b Cooke ... 15 Lockett c Wright b :r. Mnnn b Millett 0 ntttoMley b Conner ...... 0 Cressvrell not out 01'aye c Duckworth b H. Callotv b Rvlance ... 17 Howard not out 0 ,r9resswell l. Dnokworth o Towers b Extras 'wets not out ' (1 itylance 0 Extras Total 43 BOWLING ANALYSIS. NI:W T"-Lx-wn.Lows. WARRINGTON. O. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. 1-:., •A. Connor... 12 519 5 Howarth l5 329 4 u• Czesswell —lll 2 22 5 Cook C. Hindley (heave Rottomley Rylence PREscoT v. EARLESTOWN.—At Prescot. Score : EARLESTOWN. PRESCOT. T. Marsh b Holden 26 j. Evans c & b Bates... 8 J. Crawley c Prescott b - JP. Preston a Warbur- Stockley W. H. Crowther a Sharp WE. Bixter cOrowther b Whitfield 13. Barr o Prescott b H. Stott lbw b Bates 11 Whitfield O. Marsh b Holden 6 P.P. Mercer St Leigh b ' P a n Alderson b Whitfield 5 Alderson ~„. Valentine 1) Holden 1 J. M. Swift not out ‘'. B. Leigh c Mercer b J. Whitfield St Leigh b ' b.Whittield ".'; Warburton arescott D. Prescott run out i t Whitfield Ij' Wolfe not out 'hates ePreston bSharp 8 J Stocklev bWarburton 3 Extras

Total 15-8

Extras

Total l3 Total LATCHFORD BAPTISTS IST V. PEMBERTON ST. CUTHBERT'S.—At Latchford on Saturday. Score : LATCHFORD. PEMBERTON. E. F. Cliffe b Dngdale... 1 R. Wood b Cox 3 J. Cox c and b Dugdale 8 F.Pendlebury b Cox 0 W.Haves b Calderbank... 4 P. Lavin b Conway 0 J. H. Buckley h Dugdale 1 F. Dugdale b Conway 4 A.Warhurst bCalderbank 0 J.Calderhank .3 War- J. Stowell c Sayers b burst b Conway 3 Dugclale G. Heald b Dugclale 8 H. Atherton o Jordan A. G. Douglas b Lavin 0 b Cox 1 S..Tordan run out 0 G. Parker b Cox 7, J. R. Conway c and b F. Lsrtchkin run out 1 Lavin lO W. Sayers b Cliffe 2 A. Starkey not out Extras

Total 106 Total 6l ST. Hams v. STANLEY.—At St. Helens. Score : STANLEY. ST. HELENS. iolyneux c Marsh b A.G. Dennett b Moore 0 nyd l.l j. Marsh b Moore l6 It. ° 1, s,C4leig b Hyde 9l R. N. Turner c J. ..it'. ‘... Smyth lbw b Hyde 0 Taylor b Moore 2 Vy• Rillip at Tickle b S. G. Thmson b Alsop 0 nd Y e 6 L.Hammill c W.Taylor ,i 3 • Stott c Marsh bHyde 26 b Moore It' .7. Moore h llrmson... 9 G. A. Marsden c Gleig ' "ithtfoot b Urmston 16 _ b.Moot:e _ _ _ 3

• T;;1;; b Hydp.,2 ~ 0 J.Edr..ardso Lightfoot

Total 52 Total SANKEY &Isms V. FAIRFIELD.—At Penketh Score :

_ 4Elo-Ple—o-Turn'er b Hyde 9 b Moore 6.,..?. Taylor at Tickle b W. Tickle b Alsop 4 A. AT (/0 W. Hewitt not out l4 —.sop not out' 9 A. Roberts b Alsop... ,1 Hyde b Alsop Extras

Total 46

Total qO6

SECOND Drvisrox. A WARRINGTON V. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.—PIayed at IleY on Saturday. Score : .V, "hEWTON-LE-WILLOW S. WARRINGTON. 11;rercy b Bennett ,Lyons c, Bennet b Heppell b Porter... 10 pillbewlis 5 A.Thewlis c Porter b }t'„budeeon b Thewlis 12 Harrison p•Lsrown b Thewlis 0 T. Houghton c Harrison c:xfarrison b Plinston 56 b Saxon 1, Porter b Plinston 2l R. Pierpoint b Porter 1 APPPOoII not out axon c & b Bennett 12 E.Pierpoint bHarrison 0 H. Dolan c & b Lyons 43 E.E. Woods c Dudgeon b Percy 67 D.Plinston not out 7 W. Bennett b Lyons Extras ... H. Turner not out ...... 10 Extras

---- . SANKEY. FAIRFIELD. E. Foster b Ditchfleld 6 Horrocks c E. Foster H. Daintith run out l6 bB. Foster 0 Bradburn o Kershaw b Critobley o A. Webb b Brarnhall A, Webb o Critchley b Ditchfteld bB. Foster 10 Ditchfield 0 Shaw o and 1313. Foster 0 Bingham b Braraball 2 Bra mhall o Bradburn b B. Foster b Ditchfield Williams o& b Bramball 0 Taylor bB, Foster 0 R. Daintitb b Bramhall 1 Woods °Houghton b A W. Webb c Ditchfield b Webb 8 Taylor Sherrattnot out 4 B. Foster Houghton c Taylor b Gatley b Daintith 2 Bramhall 0 Lawton et Bradburn b Daintith Dodd not out 0 Extras

Total 63 Total S. PAUL'S V. SANKEY WIRE MILLS 2ND.—Played at Lovely-lane. Score : ST. PAUL'e. SANKEY WIRE MILLS. Gardener b Bladen 4 Jake:llan b Lawless ... 1 Mann lbw b Partridge Mason o & b Partridge 7 Partridge o Bate b Lawless retired hurt swift h Partridge 0 Taylor °Booth bMason 16 Downing b Jakeman Dawson b Hewitt Booth b Waywell Perdue b Hewitt Rate b Hewitt 2 Howard c Perdue b Seed (capt) not out Wavwell o Perdue b Downing Jones not out . 0 Extras

Total ......... 6-3

Total (for 9 wkts) 213

--- WORKS COMPETITION. SECOND ROEND. ...CROSFIELbS v. a GEARDIAN."—PIayed at Arpley on aionday evening. Score : CROSFIET.DS. GUARDTA.N." •W. Ranks b Fell A W. Warren not out ... 27 b Cleave --- ............ 3 therton hC. Woodhead 17 W. Fell c Dutton b Lttl• Pord b Burrell ;Whitfield bJ. Wood- H. Sankey o Whitfield bead --,atton not out 3 C. Woodhead b Gleave 0 C. Gelderd run out ... 0 J. Woodhead c Dutton b Dickinson W.Kirnberley b Dickin- son 2 W. Massey run out 0 P. Cliffe b Dickinson 0 E. Mimes b Dickinson 01 C. Jones not out Extras Total

Extras

Total (for 4 yrkts) 82

THIRD ROUND. tI:,.;..ALKER'S BREWERY V. CROSFIELD'S.—PIayOd OR _ -

•_VV-a-irington gronnd on Tuesday. Score : Ivcnosrimo's. WALKER'S. I, ' tl. Banks run out 1,• Atbertop b Norman 1 W. Baird c and b %Y• Warren b Norman 2 Dickinson 5 n". _Whitfield h Norman... 6 J. Dare,an c Wnitfleld Dickenson lbw b Nor- b Dickinson ll iMan 0 W.Norman a Atherton c.t.Dciptiotedtmonlvne bnoNorman ll b Dickinson 3 T. Newton b Whitfield 8 P. Hardrun.rn'z' b Norman 0 J. Peterson b Whitfield 4 IL Newell ~ bbil)arrgan Mullov run out Daic..atra ... 0 J. 3Cfinteer not oount 6 t 6 Extras -a ............ ? .T * Extras Burke b 14

Total .. 45 Total (for 8 wkts)... 68 .......

Total lO3

Total 62

--iWT-411 L fi ,LCCJE4

===== 0002601_19060721_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY EDUCATION COMMITTEES.

LANCASHIRE. THE TRAINING OF TEACHERS.

Sir Henry Hibbert, at the Lancashire Education Committee meeting at Preston on Monday, said the time bad arrived for immediate action to provide addi- tional accommodation in the county for the training of of teachers. Training college accommodation was undoubtedly deficient for undenominational teaching, although there was plenty for denominational. It would be necessary in the near future to provide undenominational colleges so that they could have a better class of teachers. At present certificated teachers in Lancashire only numbered 43 per cent., compared with 56 per cent. of the whole country. The committee were trying by a system of municipal secondary sohools to induce a better class of girls to go in for the teach- ing profession, and they therefore anticipated that, seeing teachers were being taken from a better class, there would be a much larger number wishing to go into training colleges.____

_ CHESHIRE. • "THE HORRIBLE ASSOCIATION GAME."

-- A meeting of the Cheshire Education Committee was held at Crewe on Monday. The Director of Education in a report upon the more important changes in the new code of regulations for elementary schools, pointed out that provision was now made for suitable organised games for boys and girls during school hours, to form part of the school routine. He presumed the committee would be permitted to pay rents for playing fields. Colonel Thorpe said he would very much like to see Rugby football—a purely amateur game—encouraged In the schools in preference to the horrible Association game. Several members took exception to the committee taking playing fields for games, expressing the opinion also that the school honrs now were such that they could ill-spire a whole school afternoon every week for the purpose. The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
ITAYDOCK

At a meeting of Haydock District Council last Thursday, the chief basinesi was the appointment of a medical officer of health in succession to tbe late Dr. Hayward. The contest lay between Drs. Dowling and ThOmpson, and the former secured the appointment by 6 votes to 5.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Sounds hard to

don't change

===== 0002601_19060721_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
believe

It is not strange that housewives quickly from one soap. to another.

They are not soap specialists. Washing is only one item of their week's work, and other things are done in between mostly. We

have tested Fels-N. aptha so much and for so many years, that what we say about it almost sounds too good to be true.

If you Nv ill only use Fels-Naptha and stop washing at the point where with other soaps you start to boil the clothes you will know what

We mean.

No boiling with Fels-Naptha soap.

f ELS-NAPTHA 39 Wilson Street London EC

===== 0002601_19060721_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 21, 1906

suggestion to the winds as being improper and one which vApuld not be conducive to the welfare of the anthority. He (Mr. Plinstoo) happened to know some- thing of the lack of accomniodati, n in Warrington and at the present time a large /limber of children were debarred from attending school because of the fact that at the schools nearest to their homes there was no accommodation, and they could not he compelled to go to schools beyond a certain distance. Had the matter been gone into two years ago he believed there would I have been a great saving to the authority, and he was rather surprised that after such a long delay the com- mittee had at last come to this determination. He hoped the matter would be pressed forward. He was not willing to put all the blame on the sub-committee. He believed a great deal of the blame should be put on the shoulders of certain members of the Town Council who, for reasons best known to themselves, had played shuttlecock and paddle with a system that WAS for the benefit of the ratepayers, and especially of the children. Councillor ELLISON endorsed Mr. Plinston's remarks and asked for information as to when the Bolton school I would be proceeded with. Councillor Willow'. called attention to the fact that a letter had been received from the Town Clerk asking the committees to arrange as far as possible for the painting and decorating of public buildings to be done during the winter months. Why had the committee decided to take no action in the rnaater ?

The CHAIRMAN said that with regard to accommoda- tion he was not personally fond of iron buildings but he supposed possibly they were the only means to be adopted under the circumstances.

FAIRCLOUGH, replying on the discussion, said it was very much more convenient for painting to be done in summer when there was a long holiday, rather than in the winter months. The committee would do their best to proceed with new buildings for the accommoda- tion of the school children. As Nfr. Plinston said, it had been a matter of playing shuttlecock with regard to the Bolton school and it had barred the way to proceeding with a school in the We!Meld street neighbourhood. However, they thought it would big better to erect a temporary school so that it could be removed elsewhere as re- flaked rather than goon the same lines as were adopted in the case of the Bolton school and let it be four years before they could do anything at all. • The minutes were approved. This concluded the meeting and the hairman con- Fratulated the members on having established a record in regard to the brevity of the proceedings which had only occupied ten minutes.

HUSBANir: "Where iff the hatchet?" Wirt: 'ln the attic." ‘`lf you saw it in the attic, why didn't you bring it down ?" "I didn't see it." "Then who did?" No one that I know of." "Then how in creation do you know it's in the attic?" I heard you up there yesterday, driving a nail." • JUDGE: "You say you want a divorce for cruelty," Sad Man: "Yes, y'r honor." Judge: "Now, see here! :How could a little bit of a woman like that be cruel to a great big fellow like you?" Sad Man: "I guess, y'r honor, I'll withdraw the suit and wait fora few years." Judge: "What for r Sad Man: " I'll wait until you've been married a little while y'rself." STERN PARENT: "Do you think you could support my daughter? I doubt it." Suitor: "(absent- mindedly): "She is pretty heavy, but I've done..it often."

YominwEri: "You know Uncle Pincher said be was going to send us something that would help us save our coal bills this year Well, it came.' Mr. Youiagwed : " Really ? A stock of coal ?" Mrs. Youngwed : "No. A little arrangement for filing bills."

HOAX: "Klum sy is very fond of horses, isn't he? Joax: "If he is, it's something new." Hoax "Well, I saw him out riding the other day, and he had both arms around the horse's neck."

A raw weeks ago a passenger of huge proportions stepped from the train at a small provincial station. He was a stranger to the village, and the only pas- senger to alight there. After walking the whole length of the poorly-lighted platform, he failed to discover the way out. Not even a porter could be found; and tbe geatleman was almost in despair, when lie noticed a ragged little urchin peeping through the railings, evidently vastly interested in the stranger's appearance. "I can't get out of this con- founded station of yours," said the traveller. "Con you show me the proper way?" The lad critically surveyed his questioner, moving away a yard or two, and asked, with a grin: " Have ye tried sideways r CROCKYRY DEALER : "Yea, we always put, one good pitcher in every btieket of cracked ones." New clerk: "What', that for ?" Crockery dealer: "Wily, block- head, the woman who gets the good pitcher seeds in a lot of other women who Inly the mucked pitchers." "Now, honestly, Maud, didn't Tack propose last evening?" " Why, y-e-e-s ! But how did you guess?' "I noticed that you didn't have that worried look this morning." Hoses : " Well, how is the new cook getting on?" Mrs. Hobbs: " She's getting on her things prepara- tory to leaving." " THFISE examples what's in the 'rithmetics aren't any good," writes a boy who doesn't like school. " What I want to know is, if I trade my knife for a top and six marbles awl then trade the top for a mouth organ and the marbles for an apple and a jewsharp, and then eat the apple, how much do I make ?"

"So you studied the Russian language?" Yes, I make it a rule to learn something of the language of every country I visit." " Did 3ou make any pro- gress?" " Yes. I got so I could tell whether the brakeman on a railway train was calling out the name of a station or catching cold.". . _ _

You—you were in the late war?" he queried of the man who had been telling about the battle of Santiago. " Certainly," was the reply. "And you marched and suffered and fought and was a hero?" "No, sir; nothing of the kind. I simply landed at Santiago; decimated the ranks of the enemy, forced him to surrender, and then brought about the end of the war." "Oh, that was all, eh? Beg your pardon for the interruption." - Wm:a: "Guess we'd better board a street car, considering the weather." Minks: "All right. Help me put on this rubber overcoat." Winks: "Hum! You are a queer one. Been carrying that thing on your arm for the last halt hour and ROM you put it on just as you enter a street car. Why r Minks: "For protection against ladies' water- proofs." •

===== 0002601_19060721_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

"A NEW SCHOOL EVERY TWO YEARS."

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Education Committee was held at the Town Hall on Monday even- ing under the presidency of Alderman Bennett. There were also present :—Councillor Fulton Smith (vice- chairman), Alderman Evans, Councillors Wilkinson, Wright, Ellison, Ball, Revs. Canon Morley Stevenson and John Yonge, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, H. Roberts, C.E. Parker, E. Pliuston, H. Kingdon, .C. S. Burgess, R. T. Fairclough, C. H. Unsworth, G. Walker, J. Moore Murray (secretary and direetor), and J. Fairhurst (treasurer).

===== 0002601_19060721_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCESS OF SCHOOL FEES.

It having been reported to the Finance Committee that the fees received at the Silver-street Wesleyan school would, by the end of the school year, probably be in excess of the amount: allowed by the Board of Education, arrangements which had received the con- currence of the managers for avoiding such excess were considered and approved. The minutes were approved. SCHOOL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. TEACHERS AND,PHYSICAL INSTRUCTION. EVENING SCHOOL ARRANGEMENTS.

At a meeting of the School Management Sub-com- mittee the half-yearly reports of the head teachers upon the assistant teachers in theschools in the borough were received through the managers,and it was resolved that the same be approved. A letter was submitted from the Honorary Secretary of the Warrington Branch of the National Union of Teachers, asking the committee to receive a deputation in reference to the half-yearly reports upon the assist- ant teachers, and it was decided to receive the deputa- tion at the September meeting of the committee. Reports from the Board of Education upon the War- rington British, Warrington Parochial, and St. Ann's Schee* were received and noted, together with the comments of the managers in the case of the first and last-named schools. Consideration of the report in the case of the War- rington Parochial School was deferred until the com- ments of the managers are received. A letter from H.M. Inspector—enclosing his notes on the teaching of English in some of the publio elemen- tary schools in the borough—was submitted, and it was resolved that a copy of the notes be forwarded to each head teacher. A report upon the examination in physical exercises recently conducted by Mr. T. Chesterton on behalf of the committee, was received. The Director was instructed to taped to the committee as to the con- tinuance of th arrangements made with the Gymnasium Committee, which expire on the Ist November next. A report by the Head Master of the Secondary school upon the results of the King's Scholarship examinations 1905 and 1906, was submitted and noted. A letter was submitted from the Town Clerk, asking, on behalf of the Town Hall, Parks, and B tths Com- mittee, for further particulars in reference to the committee's application for permission to appoint an instructor to teach the boys from the schools in the borough attending the baths in the art of swimming. It was resolved that a deputation, consisting of Coun- cillors Lord, Pemberton, Fulton Smith, Wilkinson, and Ithe Chairman of the Committee (the Rev. Canon Steven- son), wait upon the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Com- mittee in reference to the matter. The committee proceeded to the consideration of the arrangements for the eveninschools for the sessien 1906-7. In reference to tbe Central Technical Institute (hitherto known as the Technical Institute), it was decided that the teachers and salaries of the occasional staff should be as last season, any additions thereto, or alterations therein that may be found necessary to be submitted to the committee. It was also decided to I offer those appointments to the teachers who held the I positions last season. With reference to the branch Technical (hitherto called evening continuation schools), it was resolved (a), that the schools be opened on three evenings each week ; (b), that the salaries of the superintendents be at the rate7of 10s, 6d. per evening, and those of the assistants at the rate of 6s. per evening, when giving instruction to the students, and that teachers of special subjects (metalwork, domestio economy, technical drawing,and commercial arithmetic and correspondence) be appointed, if required, at a salary at the rate of 7s. 6d. per evening; (c), that the superintendents and assistant teachers be required to do the requisite cor- recting and marking of papers, returns of attemlance, Ste. ; (d) that the following be offered appointment as I superintendents, viz :—Fairlleld (girls), Miss Mary Taylor: Hamilton-street (boys), Mr. Frank H. Long- shaw ; Heathside (bovs),Mr. Thomas Edden ; Warrington British (mixed), Mr. Sydney W. Jeffrey; Wycliffe British (girls), Miss Leah Clay ; and (e) that the assistant teachers be appointed on the recommendation of the superintendents. Resolved, that a "Charles Middleton" senior scholar- ship, tenable for three years at the School of Art (day and evening classes), be awarded to Arthur Clare. Li moving the adoption of the above minutes Canon STIWENSON said the examination in physical exercises I had been extremely successful. One hundred teachers had obtained the certificate and be thought the com- mittee were perfectly justified in the action they took. Almost all the certificated teachers in the town were now declared to be capable of giving physical instruc- tion and the teachers themselves had gained a certificate which would be of value to them wherever they went. Councillor WILKINSON seconded, and the minutes were approved.

THE NEW SCHOOLS. LABOURERS' WthES. "A NEW SCHOOL EVERY TWO YEARS."

The Sites and Buildings Committee resolved on the recommendation of the sub-committee appointed to th to consider the suggested alterations to the premises of the Trinity National Infants' School, (a) that inapera- efor t% eat s ite immediatelyfor n new; school(hl steps be taken for the provision of a senior and infants' be obtained instruct instruction n v‘b,eeli gflieyiecin. school in iron buildings, which could he removed to any other site when required ; (0) that the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee be approached with a view to the public playground in Wellfleld-street being used as the playground of the school ' • and that, in the event of such permission being obtained, the sanction of the Board of Education to the arrangement be asked; and (d) that the temporary iron iluildings be erected in the playground or on the site for. the proposed school. The Committee considered aletter from the Architect for the erection of the" Beamont" Council school, in reference to the boundary walls and to the flooring of the manual instruction room, and it was resolved, that permission be given to the Architect for the "Beatnont" Council school t: incur an expenditure of such a sum, not exceeding £lO, as the Clerk of Works certifies in respect of the extra precautions necessary in connection with the boundary walls. It was resolved that the Architect for " Beamont " school be instructed to substitute wood blocks for the cement concrete speci- fied for the floor of the manual instruction room, aton increased cost of not more then £l9 10s. The committee considered a statement of the Secre- tary of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council, in reference to the rate of payment by the• contractor for the erection of the "Beamont"Council school to brick- layers' labourers employed by him, and it was resolved, that the Contractor be requested to produce to the Committee such evidence as they may deem sufflcient to satisfy them that ha is paying the standard rate of wages recognised in the district for this class of labour. It was resolved, that the following be invited to sub- mit samples of the fittings. etc., for the `• Beamont " Council school tendered for by them. viz. :—(I) lavatories and w.c.'s, Messrs. G. end D. Musgrave, and Messrs. T. Winkle and Co. ; (2) cloak-room fittings, Messrs. Brookes and Co., and Messrs. Motley and Green; that Mr. Councillor Pembetton and Mr. Councillor Wilkinson he appointed a snb-committee to visit the following firms tendering for the grates, mantles, and hearths for the " Bearnont Council school, viz. Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and Co. ; Mr. J. P.Garland : Messrs. The Warrington Slate Co.; and Messrs. Williams and Clay. Mr. R. T. FAIRCLOUGH moved the adoption of the minutes and said it was not considered advisable to discuss the matter of the wages paid to labourers engaged on the Beamont school until they had received an answer horn the contractor. With regard to the proposed new school, he thought the com- mittee might take it that they would have to build a new school every two years for some time to come. The town was growing rapidly and it was quite time something was done to provide more accommoda- tion in the neighbourhood of Wellfield-street. Of course, anything the committee could do at present would be of a temporary character. They would have to buy some land as it wag imperative that they should have a site in that district as soon as possible. Councillor WILKINSON seconded. Mr, PLINSTON said he was pleased the committee were at last doing what they were asked to do about two years ago. They were asked by the School Attendance Committee to consider the desirability of providing morn accommodation for scholars and a t,ruporary school was recommended. He well remembered the chairman of the Sites and Buildings Committee throwing the

===== 0002601_19060721_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSEWIFE'S TREASURE.

Zam-Buk Proves its Usefulness in a Bradford Home.

Mrs. M. Waddington. of 11, Westbonrne Place, Manningham, Bradford, has several excellent reasons for her gratitude to Zam-Buk, the handy home healer. She says :- 1 " I scalded my hand syith boiling fat,and having some Zam-Buk by me, smeared it over my hand and kept the Place wrapped up all day. When t took the cloths off I was astonished to find that the place had healed, and was only a little red. It was soon quite better. "I was taking a pan of coals upstairs, when I fell over a step on the landing, with the result that my finger was very badly crushed under the pan. I kept on doctoring it, but it did not get any better. The doctor said the bone was damaged, but I have since had the place treated with Zam-Buk and it has quite bealed. "I have also used Zitm-Brik to cure a very bad leg. The hear used to make 1110 very bad indeed, and owing to the intense itching, I could not help scratching, and I was afraid of bleeding to death. ruse(' Zam-Buk,and this has been the means of growing new skin over the place. lam now absolutely cured."- Zem-Buk is healing, soothing, and antiseptic —Nature's own healing balm for workshop and home.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

jo an Mumma wrote: The only thing that a man has got enny real right to be proud ov iz, that he Firs made alter the image et hiz Maker, and yet he seldom, if ever, thinks or it. It is so eazy to find fault with what other a write, that I often wonder whi these kriticks don't write sumthing better theinselfs. Fa.hun makes fools ov all who follow her, and then pays them off for their servitude bi laffiing at them.

Thare are very tuenny ritch whoze welth we would be asti3.tated to envy if we only knit how they got it. I hay often heard men say. thingi that waz just right, which, if they were called upon to prove, they couldn't do it to save their lives. I wonder if this iz not one ov the peo.itiliaritys or genius. . Our pitsbutis were not given us to be destroyed, but to lie eontrowled. It it on:), the prornundly solid fools that are op- pozed to all new things; it iz true that most nu things are false, bat it, iz equally true that the best things we bar were once new. Atter a man at re.hed the pinakle ow fame, the safest thin lie kali do iz to die intinejiately. The them.) or, medicine' haz cured more pashunts than the pretties or it ever has. How strange it. iz that a severe master 411 wuss hat more faitlitiii eertaiits than a lenient one bat.

You wtll find plenty or persons whose principal Timm, konsists in dispizinz what they kan't git. Silence haz been proz..d more perhaps than it really deserves ; but In the case or folly it kan't he cotutnended too much.

Men ov genius make poor skoolmasters ; they are ss unfit for it as eagles are for barnyard poultry. Yon can't make an enemy CIC the meanest wretch With impunity, for the meanest wretch kan set fire f,o yure pig-pen Jost CZ eazy az ennyboddy. True eloquence iz genius, the gift ov Heaven, az natral az buty, impossible to learn, and equally im- possible to teach others..

We ought to be much better judges ov our own kmakters than our nahor's but we ain't. Gittneing haz often been mistaken for a• generous pashon, but inizers would bathe greatest ov gamblers if it was only certain that they could allwuss win.

"I'm perfectly willing to do any sort of work," he argued, as he held the deoe open. "I don't ask you to give me a meal for nothing.' "You'll earn it, will you ?" asked the head of the house. "Certainly I will. All I ask for is the opportunity." "Are you particular about the work ?'"' Not in the least. Try me at any blessed thing you want doing." "Very well. bily wife's out of town, and I've got a serv.ant who has been running the house for a week or so, and I haven't the moral courage to discharge her. Come in and work her out." "Let me see her, sir. I'll go to the back door and size her up." He was gene about two minutes, and when he came back he nearly carried the side gate off its hinges in his hurry to get through. He didn't even stop in the front yard, but as he kept on he turned his face to the crack in the door and said "Thank you very kindly. sir, but I find I ain't hungry, and can make these old clothes do me very well till next summer !" HuseAND : "Er—my dear, there is going to be a yery important--er—election at my club to-night, and I may---" Wife: "Very well, I'll wait up to hear the returns." " Urn—er—are you interested in the returns?" "Yes, your returns.' Ales. GRUMPPS (looking over new house): "What in the world is this vast attic for ?" Mr. Grumpps: "It's to hold the things that you buy and can't use." SYMPATLIETIC Mt:alma: 'I can't understand why you should have so much trouble with your wife. Perhaps she only married you to please her parents." Son: "Not much. She isn't that kind." Mn. SLIMPURSE 'Come, it's time we started for Mrs. Wayup's reception. If we hurry we can catch the next car. My gracious ! Why are you streaking your wraps with mud ?". Mrs. Slimpurse : "To make it look as if we had come in a carriage." Braes: " I got a sure tip on the race yesterday." Minks: "That so? How much aid you lose?" SCENE, Louisville residence; time, 10.30 p.m. Masculine Voice (from head of stairs): "Young man, I reckon you don't know the saloons in this neigh- bourhood close at eleven." Kentucky Lover: "Good night, my own. I must hurry.' Mae. D'ArNoo (indignantly): "'What I Move out f tsol h(etirtyd live elirmr in . D,Atle vinoosuln(ibwrill Indeed o? wants sto Iw e coonno! mice): "My dear, a pretty woman like you never looks so charming as when sitting in a phieten at a suburban railway station waiting for her husband." She went. Wirn: "I shall need ten dollars to-day." Hus- band: "Good gracious! 1 gave you ten dollars yesterday, ten dollars the day before, and ten dollars the day before that." Wife: " I need ten dollars, or I would not ask it. I wish to get a new dress." husband: "Oh ! Well, you do need another dress, that's a fact. Here's the money. Can you get a drees for ten dollars ?" Wife: "No; but this ten and the other three tens make forty. Good-bye, dear."

REIGNEU : ELF° you any American composers ?". Amerieln (proudly): " Lots of 'em. There's Selilosseoweritz, Sweipierenseiek, Mickiwitz, One- Cuspid, Sweitierwaseramit, fl.nd ever so many more." Baum: "Now, don't let people know we are on our wedding tour. Act as if you didn't care a snap for e.'ni Groom : "Um that won't do nowadays, my our. d iauasca La—r."

===== 0002601_19060721_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
INDIGESTION AND WEAKNESS.

Dr. Cassell's Flesh-Forming and Strengthening Tablets. Create Nerve Force, Strength, Vitality, and Cure Chronic indigestion.

DR. CASSELL'S TABLETS have such an effect upon the nervous system that the stomach becomes stronger and the vital organs more vigorous ; fat is turned into healthy flesh and the vigour of youth is renewed. They are real life invigorators, safe and pure, and at the same time possess extraordinary curative properties in cases of WRECKED NERVES INDIGESTION BODILY WEAKNESS NERVOUSNESS NEURASTHENIA • LOSS OF FLESH ANXMIA PARALYSIS OF NERVES 'Abundance of medical proof and testimonials from all parts of the world. No medicine exists that can be com- pared to DR. CASSELL'S FLESH-FORMING AND STRENGTHENING TABLETS:YOU feel brighter,stronger and healthier mentally and physically the first day. Price 100. land 2s. 9d. per box. Sold by all Chemists, or post free from the famous Dr. Cassell's Co., Ltd., King Street West, Manchester. Advice free by letter.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW FIRE STATION OPENED. Messrs.Grosfield's Preparedness for Fire.

- - "In case of fire please gives fortnight's notice." Such was the request which a practical joker last week attached to the door of. Messrs. Crosfield's new fire station. Could the writer of the above note have witnessed the rapid turn-out of the brigade on Monday he would at once have withdrawn his instructions or limited the length of the warning to a few seconds. Within forty-live seconds from the time of the sound- ing of the alarm the first detachment of men with a hose cart were on their way to the seat of the supposed outbreak. Three seconds later the smaller of the two steam engines owned by the firm was on its way and it had barely turned the nearest corner before the larger engine followed in its wake. Such quick work by the works brigade is a credit to the firm as is also the new fire station. As the new premises have been previously described in our column it is unecessary to say any- thing further about them except that all the latest mechanical appliances have been used to facilitate the turning out of the brigade. The building was formally opened on Monday in the presence of the chief officers of the principal fire brigades in England, who came from as far south as London and AS far north as Edinburgh. I Many of these, especially the captains of small town brigades, went away, metaphorically green with envy, and wishing that they had the necessary funds at their disposal to bring their establishment equally up-to-date. But Messrs. Crosfield's preparations to cope with an outbreak of fire do not end with the provision of fire stations. In every department of the works the employes are trained and drilled until they attain a surprising degree of efficiency as firemen, and all hands are equally thoroughly instructed what to do in the case of an alarm. Every. building, nay every m room contains a supply of hosepes and fire buckets, with an abundant supply of water so that in the event of a fire immediate steps could be taken to prevent it spreading. In fact so extensive are the preparations that it would be a big outbreak which was not got under in a few minutee. The visitors, who numbered about 50, were greatly impressed by what they saw, and had nothing but praise to offer. After the somewhat fatiguing journey round the works on excellent tea was provided in the girls diningroom, followed by a little speechmaking. Captain GALLON on behalf of Messrs. Crosfields' extended a hearty welcome to the guests. The invita- tions were issued because of the keen interest which the firm took in the development of the fire service of the country. Had it not been that Dr. Markel was the vice-president of the North-Western District of the National Fire Brigade's Union he did not think they would have had such a pleasant afternoon. He desired that the fire chiefs present would be free in their criticism of the arrangements of the firm. " ." _ _ _

A vote of thanks, moved by Chief Officer DUN-BURY, Darwen, seconded by Chief Officer Etzrorr, Southport, and supported by Major Davies, Chester ; Captain Williamson, Chester; Superintendent Jones, Bolton; and Superintendent Bradburne, Lancashire and York shire brigade, was heartily accorded to Messrs. Crosfield for their hospitality. Mr. Elliott, of the firm of Messrs. Shand Mason later in the evening strongly advocated the establish, ment of better arrangement for mutual assistance between works and town lire brigades, lie did not see why there should be any jealousy between the two and thought that if they helped each other it would be to the benefit of all.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

THE MIDNIGHT SUN IN PARIS,

At the summer solstice in Paris, the sun de- scends only eighteen degrees below the horizon, and twilight continues from the setting of the sun in tha northwest until its rising in the north-east. At midnight a luminous arc several degrees high can be observed in the north. This faint light was first photographed by Pouchet and Quisset from the top of the Eiffel Tower, and it was conclusively proved to be from the sun. Photometric studyt was urged by the late M. C,ornu. A special photometer has now been constructed by M. Touchet, and with this appa- ratus the varying intensities of the twilight arc can be accurately measured from the Eiffel Tower Observatory.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
-- OIL AS FUEL.

Oil is as safe as any fuel can be, and its advan- tages are so great that it is rapidly taking a position in the industrial world, either to super- sede or to be used as the ally of coal. Crude oil is a perfect substitute for coal where the requisite arrangements have been made for its consump- tion. It is in the steamer that oil fuel displays its good qualities to the best advantage, and al- ready, in spite of heavy restrictions as to the flash point, enforced by Lloyd's. a remarkable extension of its use is being witnessed year by year. We have .one inducement to use oil fuel denied to other countries which have no oil fields, the Petroleum World points out, we admit it without tax or duty, and it is probably the cheapest fuel in the world in such circumstances.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
VESUVIUS PAST AND PRESENT.

In the course of an interesting ar'ticle on the eruptions of Vesuvius, the Scientfie American remarks especially upon the astonighing escape of the Monte di Somma c:3isrnographic observa- tory. This is probably due, it thinks, to the foresight of the founder, who placod on solid rock ridge, and in such a situation with rt igard to the natural courses of the lava sr that its only probable peril arose f ri,ia the of volcanic bombs and ashes. During the er - tion of 1872, Professor Palmieri remained at t: observatory the entire time. Towards the end (.. the convulsion two atreams of lava coursed down ravines on each side of the building, and not- withstanding that all the doors and windows were tightly closed the temperature within rose to 178 deg., causing the inmates to suffer ter- ribly. Professor Mattucci, the present director, also remained at the observatory during the ISO 6 eruption, and, notwithstanding great suffering and the destruction of many of the delicate in- struments, succeeded in recording many valuable observations.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
UNDERGROUND WIRELES4 TELEGRAPHY.-

A method of talking without the use of wires or other specially-installed conductors, has, after years of experiment, been invented by Father Joseph Murgas, •of the Slavonic Catholic Church, Wilkesbarre, Pa., who claims that be- fore long he will be able to send wireless mes- sages underground to Europe. For the purpose of , long-distance communication, a shaft 3.000 feet deep will be sunk in the United States. and a similar shaft in Europe. Each shaft will be walled with concrete to guard it from damp- ness; and wires leading some distance into the earth from the shafts will be encased in iron or steel tubing. High power will be required to generate the transmitting waves; and the in- ventor will use a special signal system of his own invention, which replaces the Morse signals used by other wireless systems, with musical tones, each indicating a letter of the alphabet in the code word or group of words, and thus giving- greater rapidity of operation than the Morse system. The Technical World Magazine of Chicago, which gives these particulars, adds that satisfactory results have attended tests with shallow shafts and small power, between points that are situated a. few miles apart.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
TERMS FOR FRENCII METRIC UNITS.

french Minister of Public Instruction, M. Ilriand, has arranged that all professors and teachers- throughout France are in future to em- ploy the following distinctive abbreviations for the various weights arid measures: For denoting length: 211vriarneter. 'Mm; tilometre, Km.: hectometre, Hm; decametre, dam; metre, in; deci- metre, dm; centimetre, Cm; and millimetre,Mm. For areas: Hectare, ha; are, a: and Milt iare, ca. For measures of. bulk (timber), decestere, des; stere, s; and decistere, ds. For measures of mass and weight: Treme, t; .quintal metrique, q; kilogramme, kg; hoctogramme. hg; decagramme, dug; gramme, g; deti- gramme. dg; centigramme, cg; and milli- crainme, mg. For measures of capacity; Kilo- kl; hectolitre. III; decalitre, dal: litre, I; docilitre, al; centilitre, el; and millilitre. ml. The use of the capital letters fo: the .three largest denominatior-s, of k-ngth are intended to prevent confusion, and all the other abbreviations follow on uniform lines. The employment of full stops between the letters is, it will be seen, officially abolished, and k.g. for kilogramme and inn). for millimetre disappear. It would be well if English users would agree to a similar forma- tion; thus kilowatt should be written in future kw., and not k.w.

MAMMAL FOSSILS FROM THE FAYOtiM.

The interesting results obtained by Dr. C. W. Andrews in his investigations of the fossil mat-il- l-paha of the classical region of Fayoum, in Egypt, have been published in the form of a descriptive catalogue by the trnstees of the Dritish Museum. The strata, from which the remains have been obtained are of middle and upper Eocene age, and. are situated to the north of that ancient irri- gation reservoir known as Lake Moeris. The more recent of these beds shew indications of having been deposited nearer the land mass, and the coast line advanced northwards as time passed en. One of the most interesting of the mammalian forms described is a four-toed ungu- late, with remarkably massive and powerful horns. Near the place where its bones were dis- interred from the rocks stands the mound repre- senting the site of Arsinoe, otherwise Crocodilo- polls, where the sacred crocodile kept in Lake Moeris was worshipped. Hence Dr. Andrews has appropriately named this strange creature Arsinoitherium, that is, the beast of Arsinoe. Lake Moeris, again, has provided a name for Moeritherium, interesting as the earliest and , most generalised representative of the Probosci- dian. or Elephant, order. Africa. which is one: of the two regions where elephants now occur, was thus probably the place of ()rigid of the order.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED-A DEFINITION OF STEEL.

What is steel? This question of the definition of steel is as difficult to state as to refute; says the Magazine of Commerce, and on whatever lines the material is defined, on these same lines one meets with contradictions, and in- variably the argument is continued in a never- ending circle. Some authorities say that iron may be called steel, when, heated to, say, a cherry red and then 'suddenly cooled, it will re- sist the action of an ordinary file. If we take this as a definition, or define "steel" as a metal which can be hardened and tempered, and be made capable of producing a cutting edge, keen and lasting—which properties can be produced by certain alloys of iron and converted—then such material as that produced by the Bessemer and Open Hearth processes, and termed "mild steel," is really not " steel " at all, but an ex- alted form of wrought iron. Thus we can ar- gue this way and that, and contradict ourselves at every turn by the very arguments brought forward in support of the statements; and, whatever definition an expert may decide upon as the 'correct one for the material to be called "steel," he can find a metal which, according to his reasoning, may be called "steel," but is generally accepted as "iron," or may be called iron," when in reality it is "steel." Thus the

argument may be continued to any length, and, like the man drinking a light vintage wine, "get no forrader."

THE MICROSTRUCTURE OF BRASS.

In a paper bearing this title, published in the Journal of the Society of Chemical Industry, Mr. 0. F. Hudson gives an explanation of the , microscopic character of copper-zinc alloys con- taining more than 50 per cent. of copper. Brass containing 71 per cent, of copper, or more, consists of only one constituent—namely, a solid solution of zinc in copper—but the microstructure de- pends on the treatment the alloy has received. i The ordinary cast metal which s cooled fairly quickly has a definite dendritic structure owing to the heterogeneous nature of the crystals; an- nealing, however, allows diffusion to occur so that the structure becomes polygonal. The original crystalline structure is broken down and rendered granular by rolling. Subsequent an- nealing regenerates the crystalline structure, only, in this case, the crystals frequently exhibit twinning. This twinning is characteristic of the .material when annealed after, straining. Alloys containing 51-536 per cent. of copper shew no dendritic structure in the cast state, and no twinning on annealing. The structure of these brasses, and also of other samples of intermedi- ate composition, were illustrated by micro- photographs of specimens etched by rubbing on parchment moistened with dilute ammonia. This method of etching gave very good results. even although the colours of tfie constituents of .•eL 1 ions ...,15,ut ,en .1 Nu Burnt brass can be characterised by microscorA examination, for it has a coarse crystalline struc- ture and frequently contains small 'holes re- sena bling bubbles of gas.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOTH-ACHE

CUURD INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Preveit:,lp..lleec,asy;iSgahst,esspErr4ctta,isn, NeußaLcin HEADACHES NERVINE and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NER VINE. All Chemists, Is. lid. ..as a specific for Toothache It has no equal. I have mod it --Sy. tor year,"—Pnon. W wasou, X.D.

suieidhy

===== 0002601_19060721_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
q's

WHBUR at Is. lid, 2..

. 1 " 4,; ~ 1: ed .- / I; .„. tit „es LUNG TO THR _ 3 WORLDS CURE FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS ASIITMA. &a.

"As • SAPP', PERMANENT, AND WARRANTED CURE FOR Scrofula. Scurvy, eczema, BR4 Lego, Skin an Wool Diseases Pimples and Sores of all kind', we owl with confidence recommend ClRrke's World-'amet Blood Mixture. It is oertaihly the finest Bio-it Purifier thßt entailer, and medical shill h ye broutlit to light." Thousands of Testimonials, Fold everywhere, at 24 91 per bottle Beware of worthless imitations and subititutes—Advt 3

841 PILL 6 are warranted 0 au.s.in either sex, allacquired for constitutional discharges from the UlnaryOrgans, Gravel and Pains in the Mice. Pro,. from Met Tory. Established upwards of 30 yesre. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throb. on tha world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lln coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Advt. FLORILTNE T—Foe Tan TEETH AND BREAVEL—ThGrOnghIy cleanses The teeth from all parasites or impurities, hatdens the gums, prevrnts tartar, eons decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearl., whitenees and a de;ightfui frairanca to the brtaili Price 28.6 d. tor the liq..id, or Is. per jsr for the Plot' " Powder," of, all Chemists and Perfu nen.— Advt.

—ViLU.ABLE DIFCOVERY FOR THE HAIR —lf your hair is turning grey or white or failing off use the 3,1 11.XICA.N HAIR RENEWER. for it will positively restore, In every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmiugly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s. 6d. per bottle.—Asivt. To allornans.-51rs. WINMLOW'S Soothing Syrup has bee used for over fifty leers by millions of moth -re br tis children while teething, with perfect success. It will rano," the poor sufferer imme.listely. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natuarl quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a buttoc " Of all Chemists Is. lid. per bott,le.—asivt.

~O.A. MOST MoDERATK PRICES FOR SPECEACLES, AND BYEGLABBEE• PERVECT Fir. ARCHER & SONS, Specialists, 73, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE 5615. HE/TABUN/MD 1848.

rt

IP P /4 .system or sup Ply. ' tag. on has) Term% • i Swifts, Rov•ra. Coventry Challenge, . ' ? Triumphs, Humbers, '..." . Progress. Prem:ers, Centaurs ..nd Singers. - - - at pounds below Makera pen -on, 1-ruigs the World's Best Bic) rk.,. unhau the te Ilil of all. , A High-Grade Coventry-made Cycle for ,'.7,p,:: £4 10/- Cash 5/- monthly Sent on any-oval on recetpt of ...rua'l . deposnt. Allowance lot ,lid Machin, Write for Free Lists TO-DAY. QV EDWARD O'BRIEN. CID.. f tr. r* EARS World's Largest Lytle 9ealer, 1 0 Covaeliii;:i " 4 g4I6V 1 a' EL. V IIUARANT ,I) 817 HUY 94., 4* ed., and lie

• RATS MICE COCKROACHES • • PRlreif Ma uSts . WeIiftIOOSES,CAiI.S.BAKERIE S. SNIPS if feyalotty al/ended !et the cleat-ant, Of /hese 0,3003 e ~hteeef,hg NO INCONVENIENCE WKATEVER By OUR METHODS. CC4TRACTS 7•KER OR PREPARATIONS SUPPLIED FSTINATES FREt Zee:BA C° • VER•Mity '.SI>E7C/AL•ls r 5 • • _l3f, SEEL STREET, :LIVERPOOL I :1(.13 .„:612;: - AND AV 'MANCISES.I E : 7' W EYES TESTED FREE. BY THE MOST APPROVED METHOD. F. H. ARCHER, F.S.M.O , 8.0.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
JUDGE Of NATAL SUPREME COURT

M..Lstice Filinemore Tells of Remark- able Cure of Distressing Eczema By Cuticura— Crew Worse Under Pro- fessional Treatment.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
OTHER SUFFERERS CURED BY CUTICURA

"I suffered a severe attack of eczema on the scalp, face, ears, and neck, and was for several months under professional treatment, but became worse. My face was dreadfully disfigured, and I lost ' nearly all my hair. My wife prevailed upon me to try the Cuticura Remedies, which I did with most satisfactory re- sults, the disease disappearing and my hair growing thicker and glossier than before my illness. My wife has purchased Cuticura for other sufferers, with good results in each case.—Robert Isaac Finne- more (Judge of the Natal Supreme Court), Pietermaritzburg, Natal."

===== 0002601_19060721_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
AGONIZING ECZEMA And Itching, Burning Eruptions.

with Loss of Hair, Cured by Cuticura.

The Cuticura Treatment is at once agreeable, speedy, economical, and com- prehensive. Bathe the affected parts freely with hot water and Cuticura Soap, to cleanse the surface of crusts and scales, and soften the thickened cuticle. Dry, without hard rubbing, and apply Cuti- cura Ointment to allay itching, irritation, and inflammation, and soothe and heal, and, lastly, take Cuticura Resolvent, or - Pills, Pills to cool and cleanse the blood. This treatment affords instant relief, permits rest and sleep in the severest forms of eczema and other itching, burning, and. scaly humours, and points to a speedy, permanent, and economical cure of tor- turing, disfiguring humours, eczemas, rashes, and Inflammations, from infancy to age, when all other remedies and the best physicians fail.

Catkins Soap, Ointment, and Pille are told throughout the world. Depots: Loudon, 27 Charterhouse Sq.; Paris, 5 Rue de la nix; Australia, R. Towns & Co., Sydney. Potter Drug Chem. Corp., Boston, U. S. A., Sole Props. ?sr Sand tor o Mow to Core nornme... Mailed Free.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
TU OG BREAD

SOL

L.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
=MI

===== 0002601_19060721_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt Oramtner Annes OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES ?LIB WARRINGTON a MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER, .1 published every Friday afternoon. The principal and the Oldest Weekly PapAr for Warrington Stockton Heath, PHaketh Winsvick, Padgate, Lymm, ac, being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises &large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- shire and Mici-Cheshire. firIHE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to

Advertisers. qijß WIDNES ItICAIKINHIL published every Friday .1 afternoon. Widnes contains the bergest number of chemical works of any town In the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. rrIE BARLESTOW N ANT) NIELWTON ISX9MINER, published every Friday afternoon, The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Rarlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne. Havdock. Lowton. to The district thus • comprised is s most important part of the Lancashire coal- fields. HE ST. fIiFILHNS PAMffINER, published every Friday afternoon, circulating In St. Helens. Prescot, Parr. Sutton, Peasley Cross. kc -the centre of the Glass. Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

_ PRF,PAID ADV RRTIS EMENTS, APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMHNTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANICOUS SALES. One Three gix Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. lii ... Os. 64. ... le. 30. ... Es. 04. ... 3s. 94. 27 ... Os. 94. ... Is. 104. ... 3a. Od. ... ss. Od. 36 ... Is. NI. ... 2s. 64. ... 4s. Od. ... Sc. Cd. es ... Is. 3d. ... 3s, Id. ... ss, M. ... 7s. 04. 54 ... ls. Si. ... 3s. Rd. ... S.. Od. ... re. Cd

===== 0002601_19060721_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
nontetir Oerbantl, etr.

WANTHD, a goad GRNER&L.—AppIy, BuTcaza's ARMS. Union it.. Leigh.

IiJTANTEn General SERVANS•—AppIy Mrs. LLCM, 'Roar HRA44cteL telet.

WANTS!), three good tIBNERAr,S, t oree.—Apply, Mr,. STOTT. 119, Sitnrow Rnehdßle.

, , A S 17seful Help.—Nirlerly, strong, activP, abstainer ; refereaces.—W., 1. White Lion st.,l3lshonszate, London.

WANTRD (414111NAL 314RVANT with good rsterenees ; four in fsmily.-13uu.gx, 64. Pringle st.. Wselrbiirn.

WANTED good GENERAL, able to wash; imll familV —Apply. Mr.e. WHITAKER. Chestnut Cottage. Halsall, Ornaskfrk.

ANTRD good GBNWIAL SNRVANT, —Apply, Mrs. TV HENRY MARIIIIALL, Stand Park, Sefton, near

Inttee Station.

W ANTRID SPI Genera, RVANT.--Anpiv Mrs. Daisyfield. Westwood Avenue, Timpetley (5 minutes from station).

TTSISFUL 1-111 LP WANTl4ll.—ffntlre work of small Bun- galow ; 2 children.—Mrs. BAsea., Bungalow, Sedles- comb, Sussex.

ASTBD, experienced GENRRAL ; reference, : good N./nue:l.—Apply tor Ictter, Mrs. BARBIE, 11 West Bank avenue, Lytham.

trlonrmni

wANTBD, fiTENTBRAL SRRVANTS. Cnolts ..... Housemaide,etc., good wages. —FROGGATT, 187, Atter- cliffe rd.. Sheffield,

WANTED, COOK-GENlinkL (Protestant); no chltdren ; reference. e.sential. —Mrs HENRY TYRER. Bewcafftle. 'toff lane, Orrntkirk.

SEWING or NURSING WARTED, by resnectable middle- ftged Person ; good referenres.-46. THIR.LITERE ST., High Town. Manchester

WANTRD Is Olean. Trustworthy WINER f.L. Three in himily.—Address—Apply 'Hrs. A. A. JoEL, Fruiterer. Roe Sane, Southport.

WANTED strong GYRE, alinnt 18 Re General hi small family ;no washing ; comfortable home.-9, ORO9LE7 RD., Birkdale, Southport.

NATANTED, good DENBRAL, able to wash. plain cook. fond of children —Mrs. JOHNSON, 23. Ernnawlck Withington, Manchesl er.

WANTRO at once thoroorrhly experfennerl COOK- Y OHNUTIA.I. for 9easl3e Farnilv Hotel —Apply C.V.TBRIAN HOTEL, Penrarn. Abergele, N.W.

WANTEID. exneTieneed COOK-GHSfERAL for middle of. 4ugrll6t ; housemaid kept ; three in camily,—Mrs. VVFniesitt,Lort. Hill Creet. Rnormrn. Cheshire.

Nti ANTRD HOUSRMAID at once. willing to assist with V washing ; good charloter and references essential ; wages 41116.—Apphr. 9 RAXR-PARADE, Preston- WA), clean. strong COT GIRL. GIRL, to help with all housework and washing ; Ptate age and wages required.-46. UPPER ORORLTON RI) INFIRCheStPr.

WARTHD, at once, for conotry hotel In Lake district, Strong GFITHRAL ; for all duties ; early riser.— Apply 9.LWREY HOTEL. Far Sawrep, Windermere.

WANTED YOUNG WOMAN. mllling to wash for three in family ; plenty of °Wine ; wAgem 69.—DywHIMAT, 428, Collyburst ri.,Vaneheqer. Char.eter required.

WANTPD, GIRL about 16 as Nurse Glrl and to assist in housework ; family four no washing ; references requlred.—Mrs. 111710301 l , 121 R, Wltton-it.. Northwich.

WANTRD. superior ORNRTIAL, ab'e to do plain cookin7 ; must hay.? 2nnd referenceq ; £l6 to £lB ; Protestant.—Applv Mrs. 8., 38, Lethrid,e rd., Southport.

YRS. RRAD wnnts P nperior COOKS. Housemaid- -01 waitresses. kitehenmaids. e,ok-qenerals and superior rtenerals.-9-FtEcr BEGIRTBT, Husholme. Manchester. Beall. 26 years.

Ai- RS. PRIS3TO CI, Progressive %,ervante Agencr, 44, I CH 1.111.1T.8 BT., Blackpool. The oldest established In Blackpool. Wants Servants with reference., for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses ; good wages ; enclose stamp. Te,e. 0537

0110%SLHY SANATORIUM, Kingwood. Frrdsharn. J Wanted. Fir4t ftncl Second Kilehemnalcla ; wages £2O oaf! £ll3 respectively ; ISII9O I'AVO good character', and thoroughly nn4erstand their duties ; pnhlio Institution servants preferred—Apply to the HOUREKEEPER.

T ADY-HnUSRXREPERS dieergaaed ; also Companlons J GovernPsses. Lady Secretaries. Lady Helps, Manger- eh. Lady Nurses suppled tor inental.medical,surgical and all other CUPS. Distance no object—Mu. ERIC morsTo7s, 23, Margaret at., Oxford Circoo. London, N.

mntett

jP_ENTS SUITS wanted to make and trim 145.--000 K, 10, Lady Pit lane, Leeds.

Afibs wit LLI A MS. 30. R'o st.. Oxford.—Left-off J.T_L cloning purehroserl. Cash ner return.

WANTRI) to rent, .mall country, cottatte, suitable for two 107, ux,h.ncrp.

ARRIRD Couple young. reek berth to manage any 1,1 businems.—BLzeirrox.B3 Hoszelbourne rd..Balham.S.W.

F"NCH and Piano LPmeons exching,d for boarding holidars ; graduated piantst.-3/113 MINE, TheittlBtol2, Al cleburgh-on-S ea.

WANTRD t adopt Baby from birth, or othPrv,ine ; small weirdum ; good home.—Ntre. B. FENWICIC. Wltkill Bt.. fm h.

GLASS GULLET --Broken Pale Green Bottle Window ar d Plate Gists Wanted.—OLsss Woßxe, Withington et., Broad at., Pendleton Manchetter

1— IT_ AN'! respect-Able GNBRAJI. three in farnilv ; must havP satiefaltory ref,•rences.—App'y 9, VICTORIA. AvENVE, Birchfield rd., WidnAs.

BBL0411151•—Towns, Country, Sem.qtde ; private party ff,r 14 davit in Anguat, £6 inclusive.—Particulars from WELFORD. 61 Mansfield rd , Ilford•

IDEIVAN XMAS CAILDS. AGENTS WANTED. Splendid selootion ; Dopubtr nricag ; hirrhest onmmtseion.—TßE NORTHFRN CARD PUBLISHING CO., Minchester S

po FARKTati.—Wante, Dairy to rorolv 23 to 30 gallons 1 of new milk daily ; silo extra for woek-end ; price and particulars to OWF;N, 145, Mo.vneux rd.. Liverpool.

R 1 0 upwards deposited in genuine country business would receive liberal interest : quarterly repay- ments ;—KisoLL. Dorchester ri., weybridge, Surrey.

MILK.-1)O1 DAIRIES WANTED ; cans provided if required.— LANCVIAIRE HYGIENIC DAIRIES. LTD., to 85 Malerry St., Hultne, Manchester. chief offices 85 Largegt firm of dairymen in Bngland

AWanted, already haying connecthn amongst GRA I'S wholesale and retail rernv4re and oilmen to carry addi- tional good-selling line. High-class novelty. White soft Softn.—RoMP/RoN, 16 Devonshire Pcmare R.O.

S"ItARY 1 P !SOTO RS.—Lady Health Visitors ; Ain° to £36o.—Several hunired Vao9l3CieS annually ; postal lessons now eommeneinc for Liverpool exam.; 400 success- ful eanslidates.-151usniors, Science Teacher. Sunderland.

pVDTS 3c CLAIN'S collected and purchased. Divorce and enquiries. Advice in all matters. Advances arrancced on freeholds, leaseholds, reversions. policies and other proparty. MERCANTILE TRADE SOCIETY. LTD., 62, Edgware rd.. London.

CitßADA.—Harvesters, Farm Hands Railway Men and Domest,ce wanted. Special party conduot.d by return- ing Canadian farmer, end July. Work guaranteed ; high wages ; no fees ; fares only.—Applv, enclosirg stamp, CoLoatemo AlsocwrioN. 47. Victoria st., London, d.W.

CANADor £lOO I will accept a young gentleman as pupil on my ranche in Alberta. carefully teach him various branches of ranching and farming, provide good board and lodging for one year, and assist him to start on place of his own if required London references—Bona fide Inquirers apply L. W., 32, Palawan Park, Bast Sheen S.W.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOCKS, &c., BOUGHT Volt CASH TO ANY AMOUNT OR ADVANOBS MAIM. HIGH= PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGE FOR INSPECTION

Otsteilaneous, in oates, Or.

RAZORS.—Onr own matze,2s. 64. each, post free.—SMITH, 81,Sonth View rd., Sheffield.

DRLICIOUS ECCLES OAKES. 61n box. post free, 13. ROBY, 18 Richmond Grove. Boles.

VLASPIC iTOrIKING3. 2s. each, post free ; foross free 121 HIIGHEF, 23, School lane, Liverpool.

"A.ROISSUS BULBS.-50 for Is. 6d., 103 2a. 6d., carriage paid.—CrARDErT Co.. Wreay.Cirlisle.

AMHrtICAN Army and Sexy • How to join. Bend 6d. —W. ClAres, 31, Faraday rd, London, W.

S ARWICK Pageant Beautiful Postcards and Book, 26. 6d MAIITIN HENRY. 2 Yardley at., Coventry.

PICTO MAL Postcards of every deqcription.—Por lists send to SL4POI,VICI. Publisher, Leighton Buzzard.

lAOI4.—Large parcels choice long remnants, carrhke pald / 13.—C. WAtads, 39, Wlmbourne rl.. Nattinehanl•

TI ALPH'S RODENT KlLLER.—Harmless, eats, dogs, poultry; post free, is. —207 MILKWoOD RD , London.

BPOOL' DICALERS, write for Price List, 1,000 varieties.— " HOLMES " Warehouse, 31, Bewarket it. Leicester.

.ALUMINIUM Photo Prs.mes:handsornely engraved: agents . wanted.—Write WILFRED, Lombard et., Birmingham.

GOOD information hy letter only. Pent 38. ; you won't regret it.—J.B., 1414, Sheffield rd., Whittington Moor.

LlMO—Beautiful Illustrated catalogue dainty Blouses, 1' Skirts Costumes. Silks.—HottowaY's. 43, Oxford rd., Manchester.

UINB4 UITS to Measur& fit guaranteed. splendid 1... X ninths, p. tern free. —Hota.c wAY's, Oxford rd., Manchester.

GRAMOPHOAII.—Tvipered arm, ex, tbltion sound box, glory horn, 85s. approval. —5B CLLREIOE RD. Hackney. N.B.

ROMICM&OR PIWiFORICS. print, muslin, Indies' from ls 9d. ; children's from Md.—RICHARDSON. Tamworth rd., Asliky de in Zouch.

MlSFlT.—dtnt'a Grey T Need Suit, ch-st 3S; usual price, 375. 6d ; take 275. 64. ; cash re urned if not approved. —BERRILL. Tatlor Northampton.

AIR ..oLoUit WASH.. By merely damping with thls thehalr becomes Its origiosl —V., 2,3, Delamere s'., Over, near Winsford.

T IVJRtOuL VICTORIA £7 BOOK FOS dALB, Wigan District ;30 times wanted.—Apply 140, CHORLEY RD„ Harwich. near Bolton.

rtlo the :sporting Talenr.—Grand information. 6s. special 11.. wire or 209. per week.—D. CARSTLIRS, Oysterfirret Farm Cadvey. South Ber.ll9et Hisex.

DEAUTIFUL picture postcards, views. London. pr 1 D seaside ; 25 fnr 1. Id cards.—USETITLTIES Co., 13. Trevelyan it., Eccles, Man:heater.

ts°Peanut) for an advertisement idea ; write for par- ticulars, attained envelope.—Davw DAIVE AND eO., 12, Gat borne rd., Wood Cii•een, London.

GUNS.—Two D.B. hammerless. 12 bore, It choke. cross bolt. ac.; new ; 85a. 955. each ; bargains.— BENNETT, batter, 123, Broad st— Pendleton.

Air ANCFACTURBRS' RBM N 4.NTS.—Prints,Flannelettes, Al Cretonnes, Muslin', Stuffsokc.. cheap. Prize list free. W. CLakkimis, Merchant, Brook it.. Bradford.

A RMY RAZOR STROPS. ecch ; wider is. 6d.; magic 11. sharpeners satisfaction guaranteed.—qaker, SINGLE, Young's Corner. Hammersmith, London, W.

QCOTCH Confectionery.—Delicious 3WIIII Cream Toffee. A.) Large box, carriage paid, le. 3d. Nice picnic or Week- end daloty.—Dowere's CalacliPtigol. GIRAROW.

BAZAAR GOODS (Special), Id. and 6td. Greatest variety and value in the trade.--SAIMTh VIA.THEWMA.V. Ltd. Plough Buildings, Gloucester et., Birmingham.

oAllittE23.—For water boilers, urns, cooklnz appar- atus, bread slicers, and all sundries, you cannot boat SUMEIILING AND CO Bunhlll row, London, B,C.

2/Lt CRICKET BALLS. finest ever made, thousands hi use ; send P.O ; money retorned it not appro7ed. BRIGHT. 73 Church et., Camberwell, London.

SUPERIO R Box Note Paper, (printed hauling) and Envelopes. 50 each, 2s. post free. Cheap printing. Write for ssmples.—GßETA. PRINTING CO ,

NITS BANISHHD completely by three applications of Livesey's Sunflower Pomade ; 4d. tin, post free ; large size Is —S. 'T. LivBSET, Chemist, Pres.on Lancashi-e.

Qlitn. bY PI/ST.—Ladies' eaanmere tioae, plain or ribbed, 1.3 post paid, sound value, is. per ptir ; tri sl order solicited; —Dept., 30, BEST Hoes Co., 138, Mt-tortes, London.

PICTURR POSTCARDS, Actresses, Comics. Views. Jewelled Cards &c. Lovely designs 25 is., 40 ls. 64 . 60 2.. All different.—BßATlSY.Bookseller.Hnlme. Manchester, QbliD TO-DAY for the Mysore Heartbrug ; reversible ; artistic designs ; size 66 a 30, price 4s lid., postage 74. extra.—UNITED TRADING Co.,Deot. D.. 3, How's rd.') abridge

PIAN() with organ attacament, very powe-tut and in splendid condition, great bargain £l5 108., delivered free.—H. J. H. JACKSON 45, Barnsley it., Palk rd., igan.

2 Pith PAUL—Genuine Army actd Poilee Trouser; / repaired. Rare opportunity, postage 6d. Satl4faction guaranteed.—CLVDEEPlLE. 1, Brenton 4c , Loodon

ICR CUE:AM.—Beet makers use • Kremorine,' guaranteed pure, Dencious flavour. Batopte, making 8 gallons la. It. lb gallons Is. 10d., carriage pald.—lioNBLL, Rllbon Works, D,,rbv.

/ADAM* —omen mesh. Keeps out the smallest 1,3 birds ; oiled and dressed ; will not rot if left out in all weathers; 105yds. by lyd. wide. 41, ; by 2 yds. wide. Be. ; by 3yds. wide, 12s. ; and so on up to any width; carriage paid on orders over 59. ; cash returned if not approved of—U. J. GlAasorr, Set Works, Rye.

HARTLEY AND Co.. 12, 11r1OES-STREIRT, LIVBRPOOL.

74,04rit,y

Et., N.S.

The Examiner, Saturday, July 21, 1906.

)I.IDB, Cornwall.— Iligt,,,lass Board reliclence ; every J accommodation, facing bea.—Mr. WALKEY. Belmont House.

BLACKPOOL ; Mrs. ELLWOOD. Grange Boarding House, Lore' st., near TsP.ot Road Station and sea.—Terms from e 1.., no extras, Billiards; telephone 0656.

PULL BNY HOTEL AMU/MlL—The Switzerland of England ; facing the Irish Bea ; golf, shooting, fish- ing, boating; st-a baths attathed,—G. MUDIL.

TAOUGLAi. 1.0.111.--Clarendon Hotel. Tea, bed and breakfast. @EDF )4D Prop. (from Leeds.)

Air —FARMIIOUr3I4 Board and Lodgings ; three minutes from Electric Rallway.—Mrs. J. P. JOHNSON, Ballaaghtn, Onchom.

DORT RHIN. BRIGHTON BOARDING HOUSH, 1 Promenade, facing lea; boating, fishing. near to baths; terms moderate.—tdrs. HABEN.

ANNltS.—Paylng guest, desired; bright home. ne‘r L. 3 sea. Church ; coast onable ; homelike ; terir s moderate ; —36, VICToBIA Rh.

U PYRE BANGOR, N. wALES.—PLAs MENAI MC/ARE/- kJ IN4 ESTABLISHMENT. Near Pier and golf Hake, tariff from se. per day.

cipartments,furnibtb 3DousW, Ba.

ABERYSTWYTH.—Comfortable APARTNIIINTS ; nea r sea and station —Mrs. EVANS, 19, Queen's rd.

A INSDBLL. —Comfortable APARTMBNTS. near station and sea ; bath. &o.—Miss TOWE, 17. Buckingham rd.

APARTMICNTS.—Large Farm. with right to roam over three minutes from tram, golf ; eight minutes from sea.—FoßD, Fcuiros Gate. Blackpool.

BLACKPOOL.—PubIie and priv BI ate APARTHNTS.—Mrs. :SMITH, 61, Dean et., South Shore. Near station and sea.

J3LAOKPOOL—Comfortabl e APARTM FRIS, near Centra Pier ; cyclists accommodated.—Mrs. BIJLL, 2S, Dale at. sea view.

I3LACK PO OL . —Bed. cooking and attendance Is. each person per day, Vino. Book Central Station.—Mrs. BROOKS, 10 Central rd.

LACKPOOL (Promenade).—Publlc and Private APART- -1.) MIZTS ; splendid r (*Um ; term 3 moderata.—Mrs HOLMES, 11. Tylclealey Terrace.

VLACKPOOL.—Visitors coming to Blackpool will find a 0, home from home at 53. Palatine rd. ; bed and attend- ance 29. ; boarding if required ; piano.—Mise MOSS.

BLACKPOOL.—CrmfortAble, homely APARTMENTS. Mrs. HARTLEY'S, 80, Albert rd., near Central Starion and PPR. Stamp reply.

B LACKPOOL .--Seleet APARTMEINTS near Central Station and sea. well recommended stamp for reply. —WAnn AND FARBROTHER, 22, heat's rd.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APAIVINI.UNTS, nr Talbot- road (Rattan and sea ; bed 28.—)ADEs, 43. Bxehange

B LACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS public or private, close to sea.—The Misses SIAPPLEBEOK. .Prudhoe House, 65, Lord et., N. Shore-

BLACKPOOL.—Ifome from home; near Central Station. Stamp for reply.—Mre. WADDINGTON, 54, Albert rd., and 69. Coronation it.

BLACKPOOPARTMENTS, private and public, rr Board Residence.--lidra. DURRATIT, 133, Warbreck rd., North Shore. Sea view.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
touqes anb ?Laub on 'ale.

_Ca Q FINETIOLD Cou ',try Cattage —Garden,paeture, 4.,•J eJ Facre.—Mr. FAIR, Oakley. Hamphlee.

PO BD SOLD best shop in best position in Earlestown known as the "lea Sbop."--Joars HOWE, Oakbank, Gathurst, Wigan.

T YIHAB.—For sale. Double-fronted HOUSE. two enter- -1-4 taining rooms. seven bedrooms,good kitchens, cellars.— Apply MAYCROFT, Bast Beach.

filatrimonv

iLiotor en% epties, (sarriagro. etc

LICE SALE, &cod sound SPRING CART, suit 14 bands.— I: Apply 113, Nuatssnur BD., Newtown, Wigan.

T AMISS' Bicycle, very little used, illness cause of sale, _LA cost 212 new. what offers —Basrow, 37 Queen Victoria it , London.

AWTOR BALL! CAR, rubber tyres. DOG CART, by 1.4 Powell.—Apply le. JONES, junr., Old St. Mary's Rectory. Chester.

;117.0 It kn.

elnit;wi..

TO LIU 17, FOLLY LANH, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS SON Solicitors, Horeemarket Street, Warrin gton

riro BEI LB r. House, St. Mary's et., containing 2 sitting- j rooms, kitchen. scullery, 3 bedrooms, bathroom, ac.— Apnly J. LUNT, Bridge foot, Warrington.

g tWELLING-HOUSH.—TO BS LET, With Immediate ILI possession, the commodions Dsvelling-h,mte, No. 21, Stanley at., containing thiee entertaining rooms, kitchen, scullery, pantry, ten bedrooms, nathroom, lavatory, %%C., large garden.

DIVELLING-HOUSH.--TO BU LBT, with immediate possession. No. 19, Stanley it., containing two enter- taining rooms, kitchen, scullery and pantry ; five bedrooms bathroom • outside waahhouse ; rent £25 ; there is an access to both houses from St. Austin's lane.—Apply J. and W. Bums, Sankey it., Warrington.

,

===== 0002601_19060721_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iiiatbimerp, ttc.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
lotels, Pptiros, Moarditnef etab.

BALMY BOURNISMOUTH.—HOTHL DAIKRITH, most up-to-date. DAINTY CUIEINE. From 30s. No extras- Nr.nier.

V L)RUSSHLS.—First-class BOARD- fiIiSIDENO li from 265. weetly French if desired.—Mathme DRIPIHR, 87, Avenue toison d'or.

TLFRAOOIIBI4.—TEM GRA.NVILLTS, 811. st-eta's BOARD MG-HOU:SIC—Grand eea views, comfort, sociability gooa cooking; 42 bedrooms; 1.800 references; Bijou, Guide gratis.—W. R. POST/CR.

1 LKLIY.—MARLI3IIO' HOUSE HYDRO. Tel. 6172. Terme 1 from 30e. 6d. to 37. 6d. Inclusive BiHerds, Tennie,aolf.

g LANDUDNO. Minors. BOASDING BiTABLISH- i..I MEET, close to tder; bath, hot and cold.—Hiss WARD. Telegrams, " Sisters." Llandudno.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Ipartments, furntsteb llolsr 551 Scr.

1) LACKPOOL.—Superior APA R M HINTS ; private.puhlie, JJ board ss. 6d. day ; week-end 10s. 6d.—Mrs. ASHWORTH, Ashleigh, 253. Lytham rd.

popLaCKPOOL.—APARTMRNTS, close to central pier and station; piano; stamp for reply —Mrs. CHAP3ILN. 30, Balrstow et., Promenade.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
I)LACKPttOL:—CIean homely APARTMIOT3 ; public _LP and private; good beds and cooking; central.—Mrs. liIGBoN. 28. Ilharnley rd.

BLACKPOOL—Comfortable AP&HTIIIiNTS with or with out board, Terms moderate, Pian,.—Misa PILKINGTON, 15, Topping at., off Talbot rd,

BLACKPOOL.—Cornfortable' APA ttrrmßN re, opposite station ; near sea ; terms moderate.—Mrs. BRLDLEY; 91, Withnell rd., South Shore.

BLACKPOOL.—Superior ft.PAHTMRNTS, facing the spa; private or puelic ; board if desired.—.slre. WORSLEY, 2, Bindloos terrace, Promenade.

-DLACKPOOL.—PubIie and Private APFtitNTS Board. Sea View. Piano.—STANSFIELD GniNnnon Vernon Home, 6. Wellinoton rd.

LACKPOOL (Central).—Public and private APART- ") MENTS, near amusements, atation and sea.—ire. NORTON, 16. Regent-road lft Ctr.reh-street. -DLACKPOOL.—APARTHURTS near sea ; bed and attend- JO mace la. per night for one person. Mrs. HYRFEI & DUNFORD, 23, Tyldeeley rd. (near Foahall Hotel).

LAUKPOOL.—Superior APART NI SNTS. Highly recorn- mended.—Mrs 3. HILTON, 17„ Trafalgar rd., New Promenade, South Shore. (Near Blanchester Hole!).1

BLAMPOOL.—Best position, Promenade. Sitting and Bedrooms facing sea. Public and private APART- MBNTS.—Mrs.BoTrAvv, Lyndene, Bindloss terrace.

DRAY.— APARTMENTS, .faclng sea ; double-bedded r, outs ; el and lbs. per week ; use of sitting-room and attendance free.—Mrs. XENNA, Harbour View, Hsplanade,

CLKVELElN.—Furnished HOUSE TO BE LET; near lea; three bedrooms, bath, h. and e. water.—Apply FERNLEA, We-twood terrace. Beach rd,

riOLVVYN BAY.—Homely APARP4INTS. with or with V out board—Mn. ANDERTON, The Woodlarrie, Hrekine rd

CULWYN BAY.—APARTIHRNTS or Board Residence; bath, piano ; terms moderate.—REEcE, Argyle House, Abergele rd.

IRLAMERR FORRST (near).—Furnished APART- MENTS.-S.M., Willington, Tarporley, Chester.

DOUGLAS.—Bed and breakfast 2s. 6d.; full board 4s. 6d.; beds two persons 2s.—MrB. QUVLYLK, 27, Peel rd.

OUGLAS. -Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board, Terms reasonabla.—Mrs. Ilmitosow,ll,Derby rd.

TAOUBLAS.—Esmonde House, 15 Hutchinson Square, Broadway. Tea, bed and breakfast 33. 61. ; beds 21. Mrs. RATTIGAN.

lOUGLAS. I.O.I4.—APARTHIMPS with or without board;Ll near promenade.—Mr. 7116CD3NALD, Ashley House, 12, Derby rd.

DOUGLAS, ISLB OF MAN.—Mrs. R. ANDREW, Devon- shire House, Warpole Avenue, Promenade, close to Grand Hotel and Victoria Piet.

DOUGLAS, ISLB 011' MA.N.—Plessington Villa, Circular road ; every accommodotion for visitors ; convenient locality, quiet, splendid view.-8. TROMA.9.

DOUULAS.-7, Stanley terrace, Broadway.—APART- MENTS with or without board; comfortable, homely; near shore; piano ; terms vuodera!e,—Mrs. INecoE.

TAOUGLA9.—Comfortable APAIITMEIRTS. 29, Palatine rd.r; cable-ear stops at door ; three minutes' walk from shore and promenade.—Mra. LITTLE.

DUBLIN.—APARTMENTS, central. tram line; personal attention; mod erate; board optional.—Mrs. REHOE. 1, Lower Fitzwilliam it.

JIUBLIN.-25 Gardener's Ple, Rutland square. A PART I ." ae 18 RBI'S strictly clean,comfortable. Bedrooms. Breakfast 21. 6c2.—Miss KELLY. Proprietrees.

-151MRH9.VIC14.—Dood FURNISHED HOUSE TO BIC Lh'T 1: August ; close to tea, links, Amidell Station, Address MILLEN. Clifton Drive, Fairhaven, Lytham.

FARMHOUSR APARTMENTS near Lathicill Dale ;bralin—iz air ;2 sitting, 6 bedrooms ; good rooms.—TosnawsoN, Over Haddon, Bakewell.

TTOLIDAYS.— raying cueete received at the Bungalows, I moderate terma.—"lo/limavEN."The Beach. Shoreham.

IIIGH SCATHWAI tit, Greenocid, Ulverstnn —Sitting- J,J rooru and Bedroom, limilea from Greenodd Station ; grand Lake seenery.-0( re. JEWELL.

KUSVVI X.—Comfortable APARTMENTS. Terms moderate. Bath h. and c.—Mrs. A. J, WILIONamg, Oakland Home, 55, Helvellyn et.

KNOTT !LBO, FLEETv, 00D.—APARMENTS. public or private. Piano. Paging Bea, near ferry.—Mise PORTER, Seabank House. Esplanade

11 AKR DIS I RlCT.—bupetior Furnished APARTAIRNTS, pleisantly situated near Lake Derwentwater.—Mrs. GREEN, Clarence House, Keswick.

LLANGOLLEN.—APARTHENTS, One sitting two bed rooms (one dotible-bedded). Farrnbouse In lovely Dee Valley. Beautiful seettery.—RosEßTe. Graliz-dda,Llantysillo

LLANDUDNO.---COMP)ItTABLIS APAKTMISSTS ; every convenience; close to pier.—VVEsT END VILLA., (Thumb Walks.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
LANDUDNO.— Beautiful situation. 2 mlnutes ses ; Li bath. APARTMENTS.—Mistea ..sTRATTON, Frondirlon, Roseberry avenue.

LANDIJDI9O. Asbgrove. North fdadoo it.—Private .14 APARTMISNTS, two minutes from pier and Greet Orme. Central for all drives. Tor terms apply Mn. J. ROBLItTe.

_

Apartintatc.4 furnisbebllouoo, Sce.

LANFAIkFACHAN, N.W.—Comfortatile APARTMENTS II to he Let ; sea and mountain views; terms very moder- ate —Miss WYNNE. Fern Bank.

LLADIFAIIiFSURAN, N.W.—Cottage to be Let. APA HT- 311iNTS. Two sitting three bedrooms (five beds). Terms moderate.—Apply THOMAS. Von Fienlog, Valley rd.

MATLOCK BANK.—Comfort‘ble APARTHHNTd. Moun- tain View.—Mrs. BAMFORD (late of Holmes Chapel), Cranage House,Matloak Bank.

ORECAMBR, W,II.—APARTBILBSTS with or without LVI board; near pier.—Mre.T.laisa CLouGH,69 Clarendon rd.

MORRCAMBIL—Pubnc and Private APARTMENTS, eea view.—Mrs. CARVER. Ricbmond House, 14, Albert rd, Morecambe, W. I.

0 RBCAMBIL—APAHTIIIBN LS. Public and Private.— ii rs. PICKUP, Hanover House, 77, Clarendon rd., Wit Bath and piano.

mORUCAMBH, 107, Chatsworth rd.—Superior PUB- NISHRD ROUSH !to Let; Augost, September.— Write MILLIGAN, Matutfiehi rd., Bradtord. Yorks.

11cORFOLK BSOADo.—Furnished House. 5 beirooms, garden, good fishing, moderate terms.—" HABLFMERE, Sutton, Stalharn.

DORT ST. MARY; Isle of Man.—APAILTKRNTS. Quiet I neighbourhood, near seashore and golf links.— Apply Mrs. KEW, Heatherfield, Victoria rd.

DWI. HELL NORTFI WALES.—Comfortnble AP/LET- A_ ME HELL to Let; facing sea.—Mrs ROWLANDS, Dinorwig House. South Beach.

I,lHYL.—Comfortable APART:RR NTS.near sea and station IL terms mode.ate.—Mrs. WILTON. Kingston House. Russell rd.

HYL.—Seaside APARTIKBITTi, with or without board; IX h. and c baths. Cycle accommodation. Moderate.— Mr'. EVANE, 2, Brighton rd.

SQCILRBOUOUGH.—APARTIIHNI:S. sea tront.—PEEL, 5, Blenheim terrace.

,„;ILISOROFr, Cumberland.—To be Let, FURNTSHED, old- fashioned OOTTAGN, near to Gott Linke and railway.— Apply Mn. BRAGG, 79a, Lowther at., Whitehaven.

QOUTHPORT.—AI'ARTMINTS.-5, YORK TERRACE. Man- K.) cheater rd.

QOUTH SHORK.—Superlor APARTMENTS; sea view; L. one minute station, trams, pier; plano.—Mrs. FAULKNER. 23. Dean it., South Store. Blackpool.

6101.1THPOnT.—Homely APAWIIIIIeITS near Promenade; 1,3 good eooking.—Mrs. PRIEfiTLEY, 13 Castle it. (off Lord et).

SOUTHPORT.—HonaeIy APARTMHNTS, near Wurnina Hans; bath, piano; terms moderate.--Mrs. LOCKETT. 68a, Ha stbank at.

ST. ANNIs'S-ON-THE-.lll.s.—Superior ACART close to pier; best position.—SUNNY LEA. bt. Anne's rd., West.

ST. ANNES-ON SHA.—Comiortable APARTIIIiNTS, nr. station and sea.—For terms write Mrs, kiooLEY, 2, Sydney-street.

rIPHORNTON-LN-FYLDR.—Giood AVARTAINNTS in country (near Blackpool); terms moderate.-Ir6 JONES, Fleetwood rd.

MiTESiMORLAND.—Country Inn and N arm ; good accommodation for visitors. —L.A.MB ERT„ la rayr ig g , Kendal.

WlNDRlallilill.-14dinDLEToree Dining Rooms, nearest station ; Large Parties and Cyclists catered for. APARTSIIINTd.

Atarts, 3ilbOtirtent6, dr.

A

===== 0002601_19060721_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEIi,.

and should have full control over the Com- mittee in respect of the exercise of suck powers. Then uprose Mr, BALFOUR in great wrath. He appears to have made the most dramatic exhibition of himself that he has achieved since he returned to the House as member for the City of London, and as leader of a forlorn fragment of the Conservative party. The Government was faith- less and deceptive was his point of attack. It sprung important proposals like this on the House without notice and without previous intima tion of its intentions to its opponents. The House was being monstrously treated. The new proposal was an enormous change. It involved a new office, the creation of a staff. The Minister would require skilled advisers and a body of inspectors. Was ever such a thing heard of before ? Such was Mr. BALFOUR'S line of attack, pursued, to use Mr. Asourries happy phrase, in a temper of" artificially engendered passion." We all know how solicitious the present leader of the Opposition was in past times to keep faith with Parliament, to maintain its dignity, to sustain its supremacy over the Government. Under Mr. BALFoUR's regime the liberties of Parliament came very near extinction.

Bendict in the play says," When I swore that I would die a bachelor, I did not know that I should live to get married." When Mr. BALFOUR was Prime Minister, he did not know that he would live to become leader of a small Opposition, and that every weapon he forged against the liberties of Parliament might ultimately be used against himself. Yet, in spite of the violence of his protests, these weapons have not been so used. His passion was truly, as Mr. Asourra said artificially engendered. It was sound and fury, signifying nothing. The bubble was pricked quite successfully when it was remarked from the Ministerial Front Bench that the Government had merely adopted a suggestion from Mr. BALFOUR'S own aids. Accord- ing to the leader of the Opposition, such a pro- posal as that made by Mr. LLOYD-GEORGE has never before been placed before Parliament. He is mistaken—or something else. He will forgive us, perhaps, if we jog his memory. When he was Irish Secretary he got Colonel KING HARMAN appointed as his Under-Secretary in the House. It was a new position, it was an unauthorised position, it was a position with a salary attached. Mr. BALFoun's forgetfulness of this may have been magnificent, but it was not "the game."

In another column we CAPTAIN CROSFIELD are taken to task by AND THE CON- Captain G. R. CEOS' SCRIPTION SCARE. FIELD for our criticism of Lord ROBERTS and the conscription bogey,last week. Mr. CnosFrEtn's well .known craze for compulsory service is an ex- tenuating circumstance which somewhat excuses the intemperate nature of his criticism. 'We are innocent of any intention of"hurling taunts at the head of a gallant gentleman"—to wit Lordßonsars —and our admiration of him as a soldier and gentleman is quite as sincere as that of the most perfervid National Service Leaguer. But in coming to the front and endeavouring to create a public scare as to our national security from invasion, Lord ROBERTS invites his critics to forget his long lifetime of distinguished military service and to judge both the case and its advocate exactly as they appear. We repudiate warmly Captpig CROSFIELD'S implication that we have charged r/sfd ROBERTS with treason, and it is quite unneceSel for him to explain what treason is. Our only us° of the word—perhaps an unfortunate choice ei diction—last week was in the sentence which con eluded our lesding article, and read as follows Is it not almost treasonable, indeed, to try .to scare the country in such a manner as is really an invitation to our enemies ? " We merely ask a question here which, we confidently assert, nine people out of every ten would answer in the affirmative. Supposing Admiral Sir JOHN FISHER. w. ere to state from the highest public plat- form in the land that our navy was totally unprepared for war and would not have the ghost of a chance against a continental sea-power, would the nation thank hit', or would it condemn him for an indiscretion almost treason- able ? The circumstances of the real and the imaginary cases are outwardly on all fours, and Lord ROBERTS IS, to say the least, ill-advised in advertising our military strength and organisation as a travesty. Fortunately there is reason to believe that the army is not so black as it is painted, and ground also for real gratification in the fact that the recent proposals of the War Minister make for real efficiency in both our !regular and auxiliary forces. Captain CROSFIELD has put us on our defence and we would conclude it by saying that we do not abate one jot our con- demnation of men like Lord ROBERTS and Lord MILNER for endeavouring to scare the country into a form of compulsory service which is nothing but an insinuating first step to conscription. While the "blue water ' theory of defence holds good—and we do not see how there can be , any loss of faith in it so long as Britain remains an island—the tactics of the alarmists who would " dispense with the priceless boon of voluntary enlistment must be fought against unflinchingly. As the" Daily News" so convincingly argued on , July 11th, the day following Lord Roberts' speech in the House of Lords : " The dilemma is indeed unans.werable. So long as the fleet is triumphant no invasion of England is possible. If the fleet be defeated no defence of England is possible ; for in a few inert weeks the city populations could be starved into surrender The friends of conscrip- tion are. driven back to the rather forlorn . assertion that drill and discipline are good things in themselves, or to some vague and: general impression that if England were actually invaded our hordes of conscript defenders ' could put up a reputable resistance. Both these assertions depend upon an absence of that clear thinking which is one of the necessities of the hour. Drill is a good thing. Physical exercise is a good thing. Comradeship is a good thing. Patriotism is a good thing. The advocate of con- scription sees these things associated with coin- pulsory ssrvice. He jumps to the conclusion that they are the fruits of compulsory service. Few statements could be further from the truth. Con- scription necessarily exalts the soldier above the civilian. Instead of breeding patriotism it often excites passionate hatred of a cruel end clumsy system. In Germany those millions of Social Democrats—the flower of the working , class—are in active protest. It exalts the, mechanical, the routined. the blind qualities et obedience against all that is meant by hums° freedom. It may be a necessary thing. It can never be proclaimed a good thing. Is it then ,

ImM"

• , . '"

"necessary? Lord ROBERTS fell back upon the assertion that Great Britain had never depended upon her resources since the days :Henry VIII. and Elizabeth. But science—deliberate and inex- orable—has entered human affairs since those dis- tant days. Fleets and the morale behind the guns control the destinies of the seas. A nation which cannot feed itself has no use for its hungry con- reript hordes in the days of danger. There is no chance of this cry entering practical politics. Con- scription would be a far more fatal burden than Protection to any political party. An expansion of men trained in the use of arms, as a substitute for certain numbers of the regular Army, offers Possibilities of retrenchment and reform. Beyond this no militarist or alarmist is ever likely to Persuade this nation to venture." Warrington Liberals, to the A LIBERAL number of nearly 4,000 HOLIDAY. were at play on Saturday last. Under the auspices of the various associations which form the Liberal Party in the town there was a gigantic picnic to Southport, which was favoured with the brightest weather and thoroughly enjoyed. We think the Liberals of Warrington were entitled to the treat thus afforded them. They have this year achieved the greatest triumph obtained by any party in Warrington and now have the extreme felicity of being represented in Parliament a gentlemen who is not only very popular o-ut has in him the capacity for making a r`? useful member of the legislative assembly. dle,ll a triumph was not gained without a great of hard and persistent labour, and it was in , nature somewhat of a reward for their Political toil that the Liberals picnicked at Southport on Saturday, "The Member " was, O f course, present, and looking extremely " fit," to use a term which no one understands better than be. Though he hes not yet made his maiden , speech in the House, Mr. Crostield must have ' profited from listening to the torrent of eloquence i which never ceases there, for he delivered quitel the most fluent, and happily-conceived impromptu speech which we have heard him utter. He is already acquiring that indefinable but distinct I Parliamentary air characteristic of nearly all M.P.'s who are much in the House, and on Satur- day he spoke with a vigour and directness which has not always been his forte. We can heartily recommend his remarks to the perusal of our readers. It was a pleasure to note Mr. Crosfield's confidence in the Government's intention and ability to carry out eventually "every pledge given to the constituencies." There are "doubting Thomas's" who groan because the Government is compelled to hasten slowly, and to them Mr. Crosfield's oPtimism should come as a welcome relief. He Prophesies the carrying through in the autumn session of the amendment of the Workinen's Com- Pensation Act, and the Trades Disputes Bill, two Measures which have played a prominent part in the election argument here. The Government and he Commons are working, and working hard, for 'lnman progress and Warrington is proud to have a representative fully conversant with the needs of the moment and the ideals of the future.

I' The case arising out of .14IR, C. llloom- the will prepared' by the m' uorros WILL. late Mr. Charles Higgin- bottom a few days prior to his suicide on November 11th last, and which has occupied the Probate Court this week, possesses features of singular interest. Mr. Higginbottom oecame engaged to a Miss Turnock of Stockton Reath, less than a fortnight before his death and Made a will in her favour absolutely, thus setting aside a will dated July 1905, which settled a fixed Allowance on his mother, an old lady of SO. Pro- bate of the will in favour of Miss Turnock was °Pposed by Mrs. Higginbottom on the ground that when the testator made it, a few days before Committing suicide, ha was not responsible for his actions. fgood deal of the evidence called before Sir Gorell Barnes was in reference to the state of the deceased's mind at the time, sud • thong h there can be no doubt t .hat Arr. IL --gginbottom was then suffering from sOsomnia and melancholia we think the verdict of the Court un obi; -11---.ng his last will and testament is Perfectly justified. It has become a too common thing in this country for people in general and coroner's juries in particular to presume that because a man commits suicide he must be of unsound mind. A verdict offelo de se is far loss frequently given than the facts justify. A man rosy, while in full possession of his faculties' his reasoning powers, and even his mental balance, decide to quit this world. We cannot agree with , the contention of those people who say that by taking his own life he proves his montal unsound. ness. In the. case in question the evidence Shows that Mr. Higginbottom behaved in ? a perfectly rational manner—even if obviously ' Unwell—up to the time of making the will in con- '. sultation with his solicitor. It is not for the Pro- baterourt or anyone else to inquire into or doubt the sanity of the reasons which influenced him in flaking a will in favour of his sweetheart shortly ' oefore committing the dreadful act of self-destruc- tion. That he had reasons there can be no doubt, as he was clearly capable of reasoning at the ' time, no other verdict was, in strict justice, ' Possible. We are aware that much public sympathy extended to his mother, who is, apparently,thus i nenrived of the comforts due to her old age, but ' this fact does not affect the issue. Everybody , Will be unfeignedly glad, however, that the agree- ant.. made by the deceased's wish, and signed by v Niss Turoock, is to be carried out, so that the bereaved mother will be fitly provided for. Popular °Pinion will probably disagree with the verdict, but we have tried to show—what is our conviction that it was the only possible one under the °lellrnstances.

-- The Warrington Education AEc c°oßmm oSCHOOLnaT Committee has realized that toN. the school accommodation question is one of pressing urgency. Even are now in hand when the two new schools which are completed the provision will still be inadequate and the committee is now about to negotiate for a site for a third school in Well- -15eld-street. All this cannot be done at once and in the meantime steps are being taken to relieve the pressure by providing a temporary iron build- ing. While this structure will first be used to tneet the needs of the Bank Quay neighbourhood, it will be so constructed as to admit of its removal to other districts when there is no longer any use ler it in the original position. We are glad that the Education Committee has awakened to the ernand for immediate action. The only question vihich suggests itself is: Why was not the pro- l'ision of temporary accommodation undertaken qarlier This course was repeatedly urged upon the committee, but for a long time it was hardly treated seriously. At Monday's meeting of the llthority Mr. Plinston contended —and his sug- kestion was not contradicted—that if the onamittee had come to its present decision ~ :Wo years ago there would have been a great , "big to the town. Warrington has con- ' 4ilerable leeway to make up in educational laffairs and the prospect for the ratepayer is not a .r„etY pleasant one. The members of the Education 'clrmoittee were told on Monday that they must be threpared to erect a new school every two years Rome time to come. With the growth of the town, this will probably be inevitable. The average . ,atepayer does not as a rule complain at having to PY for what is absolutely necessary for the / advancement of the rising generation. All he tialgs— and he has a perfect right to do so—is that 9 B authorities shall not be too lavish with the Public funds or, in the case of new schools, fritter a ' Way money on useless ornamentations. A circular his been issued 'VACCINATION by the Horne Office to the EsnAtrTlcN, Magistrates' Clerks up and down the country, for the ' of assisting them in the guidance of the t' Vstiees they serve in the administration of the the Act, 1898. The circular is plainly " outcome of complaints which have been

===== 0002601_19060721_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
JULY 21st 1906.

The House of Commons I ARTIFICIAL seems again to have worked PASSION, itself into a heated condition on Tuesday. The subject was the Education Bill. Of course, secondarily, it was that portion of the Education Bill which proposes to establish an Educational Council for Wales. Mr. F. E. SMITH proposed a modification of the Government intentions. Mr. SMITH is the young gentleman whose maiden speech con- vinced all those who sit on the Opposition benches that the dormant talent of the Con- servative party had at length roused itself into life. He was a wit. He was even a genius, said the astonished and delighted Conservatives. He might even become a DISRAELI. The admiration so freely showered upon him has given Mr. SMITH confidence; but that is all it has done for him. It encourages him to speak, but be makes no more brilliant speeches. He may go down to history with another celebrated character, who, though he frequently addressed the House, was scornfully spoken of as " single-speech Hamilton." On Tuesday Mr. SMITH moved an amendment which would make it possible to appeal from the newly- constituted authority to the Board of Education. He wanted a closer and more intimate relation to Parliament. He desired to have control from Whitehall.

Mr. LLOYD•GEORGE, speaking for the Govern- ment, met him more than half way. Re agreed that there should be somebody in the House of Commons responsible for Welsh education, some- body to be " shot at," somebody who could be " riddled with paper pellets of the brain," through the medium of the notice paper. He need not necessarily be a paid Minister, but he would be responsible to Parliament for any act of the Welsh Central Committee done in the exercise of any of the powers of the Board of Education, dele- gated to the Committee under this section,

===== 0002601_19060721_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060721_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19060721_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
made from time to time by applicants before the Courts who have failed to obtain the certificate of exemption to which they con- sidered they were entitled. Obviously, from the ' tone of the circular, the Home Office believes there is some ground for the complaints. As we all know, the "conscientious objector" has any- thing but an enviable experience as a rule when he comes before the justices with an application for exemption. There is sure to be one or more magistrates on the bench who deem it their duty to heckle the applicant, of ten enough with the result that he gets so bothered that he fails to convince the beech that his objection is really a con- scientious one. Occasionally magistrates refuse to sign an exemption certificate because of a con- scientious objection of their own in the other direction. If they are not alone on the bench, the gentlemen who take this attitude are not greatly blameable, but if the coodurt of the business before that particular court is in their hands then they ought to be sharply reminded that they are sworn to administer the law as they find it however repugnant the task may be. The Home Office circular points out that "the question for magistrates is not whether the applicant's belief is well-founded or ill-founded, but solely whether they are satisfied that he conscientiously believes that vaccination will be prejudicial to the health of the child in question; the Act does not require that the belief should be reasonably founded. It is not necessary to the proof of a conscientious objection that a certificate should be produced, or even that evidence should be given, of any particular 'state of the health of the child," The circular concludes with the statement that Mr. Gladstone (Home Secretary) "has reason to believe that misapprehension in some cases of the meaning and intention of the Act has actually caused the friction which the provisions for exemption were designed to remove, and he fears that if this state of things continues the general operation of the Act will be prejudiced."

Exactly what has taken THE ATROCITIES IN place in Natal is known NATAL, neither to the Government in this country, nor, as it appears, to the Ministry in Natal. However, we shall be glad to hear from unimpeachable soucres that there is nothing worse than what was admitted to the House of Commons by Mr. Winston Churchill on Wednesday. We are not disposed to leave this subject without remarking on what appears to us to be a new and far from agreeable development of English character. Every Englishman surely should feel that the national honour is tarnished by anything which is instinctively condemned by civilised peoples. Yet there is nowadays a class of Englishmen ready to defend any atrocity if what they suppose to be British interests are concerned. Those who are anxious to maintain the national honour are described as the friends of every country but their own. In reporting the proceedings in the House of Commons on Wednesday afternoon, a leading organ of Toryism among the evening papers speaks of "various Ridical and other quarters " ' from which accusations have been made against the Natal native levies, Surely this is un-English ? At any rate, it is untrue, as the accusations were made public through the Conservative Press. But if there has been a refusal of quarter, if there has been a massacre of wounded men, if barbarian troops have acted like barbarians in fighting our battles, the shame that ensues should be common to Englishmen. We should not make a party matter of it. The fact that there are Englishmen. now existing who attempt to justify every method of warfare, and who accuse more humane men of want of patriotism because they believe that the British flag ought not to be associated with inde- scribable brutalities, would be a sign of monstrous national decadence if the stain went deep, as, how ever, we believe it does not.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

The Education Committee established a record on Monday evening, the monthly meeting barely lasting ten minutes. * * * Mr. J. Ramsay Macdonald publicly describes the Hardie epistle as " rash." What he says of it in private conversation is not for publication, but it may be safely left to the imagination.—" Leeds Mercury ' correspondent.

* * * To the great annoyance of our Mr. Winston Churchill, the American Mr. Winston Churchill is about to embark upon a political career. Our Mr. Winston Churchill would like it to be known that he is the original Mr. Winston Churchill, and that all others are cheap, if not tinned, imitations.—" Punch." * * * According to Coroner Brighouse the market value of solicitors is an unknown quantity. To a woman at St. Helens who had inquired how much it would cost to have legal aid the Coroner confessed he was quite unable to say as the price varied very considerably, " Solicitors "he added ' are like booth; you can get them at any price." * * * The municipal bowling green at Victoria Park is in A RUNCORN VIRAGO. dous state—not for want of attention or a pal Maria Evans was brought before the Runcorn patronage—but simply because it is too successfnl. trates on Wednesday charged with being drunk and Bowlers have come in such numbers that they have - disorderly in Waterloo-road on the previous night, and bowled the grass off, and bare patches are to be seen also damaging a rug in the police cell. Police-constable everywhere. The only remedy is another green either M‘Kenna said that when placed in the cell the prisoner here or in some other part of the town, in order that tore the rug and swore she would hang herself. The the congestion may be relieved. prisoner was sentenced to a month's hard labour. * * * MOVEMENTS IN THE CIVIL SERVICE. The Infirmary Extension Fund is mounting up and Amongst the more important changes notified in the well over half the sum requirA has now been sub- department of H.M. Customs are the following :—ln scribed. The amount acknowledged up to date is the Excise branch of the Inland Revenue Department, :C8,071 3s. 9d. and a very considerable addition is Mr. J. Donnellan, second-class officer, Runcorn, has hoped for as a result of to-day's Cycle Parade. There been promoted first-class officer, St. George's, Shrews- n officer, Criccieth, Lus rybe Anftrr.n\n V. ters Halpin,rec to isecond-classncoris, however, still plenty of opportunity for the generous to help forward this most deserving cause. 1 BOY DROWNED AT WIDNES. * * * George Edward Cullen eleven ears of a • ' Here is a local school attendance record which we with his parents in Mossbank-road y drownedge, living think would be hard to beat. Jack Whitlow, son of Sankey ad St. Helens Canal, near , was i in tie James Whitlovv, of Once-street, Stockton Heath who half-past six on Saturday evening. He lliveanw'Lworlks, at has attained his fourteenth year has been in con- with some other boys on the swing bridge, whenVeyl2 tinuous attendance at St. Thomas's school since he into the water. A boy named Griffin, thirteen years of was three years of age and he has never been absent of age, went into the water, and got hold of his leg, but or late once during the whole of that time, failed to hold him. Cullen went to the bottom. After * * * twenty minutes the body was recovered with a boathook, Has anyone ever noticed that with the fifty-two but artificial respiration proved of no avail. Cullen, it Saturday halt-holidays and the four Bank holidays I may be. remembered, was one of the boys who received which are an essentially English custom, the workers ' isiaigvecraaulsneir I '.iyesai nru tnhaewraeceY enntg jar;ecident at Newtown *rose- of this country have, over and above the holidays EDUCATION PROTEST IIE.IITING AT WIDNES. (Sundays, etc.) common to all Christian countries, On Monday night at the Drill Widnes, a meeting thirty days' play? In other words, they have a whole of Churchpeople was held, to Hall' moral's rest more than their brethren in other Education Bill. Mr. F. Neil presided dtnetter against the countries.-11. Paul Villar in " Cornhill." attendance.—llr. A. A. Tobin proposed a reasOrtirtyiona large countries. • * a protest, and said the motive of this Bill was the goal "Portland would be far more agreeable than 1 which the political Nonconformists had been desiring li • stoning to the yapping that goes on night after night ,to attain for many years—namely, the disestablishment in the House of Commons. " So said Mr. J. A. lof the Church of England. There were two ways of dealing with the education question, but the Seddon, M.P., at Widnes on y. Sunda when discoursing I , for his i Govern- ment had selected a third way, which was unfair, and on the possibilities of his being imprisoned 1,7 his 1 1 an insult to the Church of England and the Church of stand in the " free speech " conflict at Widnes. 'Rome. In the end the Church would win, He also said he would consider prison life a very i for right in this matter would turn out to be pleasant rest-cure from the turmoil of Parliamentary might.—The resolution was seconded by Mr. Cuthbert Smith, and supported by Mr. Rigby Swift and work and open-air meetings. , ! Archdead on Madden. The latter contended that the * * * Bill ought to be swept out of the House of Commons. Deadwood Dick is dead--really dead this time, and It banished the Word of God from every elementary thousands of those who were boys ten to twenty years school during school hours. The Church stoodf or ago will feel a pang of real regret. Richard Palmer, liberty, and they did not ask for favours which they gambler and adventurer, was said to be the original would not give to another.—The resolution was passed of the character, and he has died of pneumonia at ; unanimously. Cripple Creek (U.S.A.) recently. There was only one t, WIDNES AND RUNCORN BRIDGE COMPANY. " Deadwood Dick " and his daring'exploits, told j -, in a I The twelfth ordinary general meeting of the shire- by no means unhealthy strain, were the joy of the holders of this company was held on Monday afternoon at imaginative schoolboy. Even Sherlock Holmes and the offices of the conapany,6,Castle-street,Liverpool Mr H. Captain Kettle failed to obliterate his memory. i Wade Deacon presiding, in the absence of the chairman * * * 1 Sir John Brunner, Bart, M.P.—The Chairman,adoption in moving - Sankey Brook hasbeen distinguishing itself lately the acTipstoims s. port and accounts,said the revenue in its most disagreeable fashion. The stench near ; ohfepwaessengers ulfienagotthegbr.raidial growth, and the number the tram-terminus at Sankey Bridges has on many ', , reasonably expect. One was e ‘‘dliss disappointed, s oyngtee fdis oneh could occasions this week been too thick to cut with the ! with the vehicular traffic, which was not nearlyhowever, Proverbial knife. It is high time we had another row 'as the directors hoped it would have been, but 8 large , but they in the Council on the subject. An improvement could only come to the conclusion that it would be a usually follows, and if we are correctly informed the question Of. getting the bridge thoroughly well known Longford Depot is largely responsible for the present and . aFetuarnindg awirrutation for traffic running horrible state of the stream. St. Helens is often made re rf t hgui e baridyge to the locaty lit reliability. The value of was very clearly demonstrated a convenient scapegoat, but we shall have to look - recently quite when a fire occurred at a theatre in nearer home for the source of the evil. I Runcorn, and he was told that if the transporter bridge tic * * I had not been available the steam engine from Widnes "Do not halloo till you are out of the wood "is a would not have reached the scene of the fire in the short piece of advice which Wolfe, the would-be channel time it did. It was, therefore, a matter of satisfaction swimmer, will probably see the force of. He was not to think that on this occasion the bridge had been of in the wood, but in the water three-parts of the way great service to the locality. Ho had no doubt that as across the Channel when on hearing of his excellent the uli bridge eabseec.a became rbetter k knowni progress he shouted " Hurrah," at the same time would Ditton-road, which was the nnlaei 11' rroetin(lBlekadfntgh':Ot giving a huge lunge with his left leg. The result was the bridge, was properly made by the Widnes Council a strain of the thigh Muscles which caused the plucky they would never get a material increase in their •swimmer to have to abandon his swim. He had vehicular traffic.—The resolution was adopted.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 21, 1906. LABOUR AND THE POLICE.

accomplished a time record in Channel-swimming and it is a thousand pities' that his premature jubilation should have ruined his chance of completing the task on this occasion. . .

* * * The continual increase in the number of window boxes in all parts of the town is a sure indication of the interest aroused and the (food done by the Beauti- ful Warrington Society. On September Ist. the society will hold its first annual show in Parr Hall. This week the annual show of the St. George's-in-the- East Window Garden Society has been held, no less than 738 plants being sent in by school children, and 180 by adults. We hope the Warrington Society will be able to equal these encouraging figures. The comfort which the leaders of the local Con- servative party are able to offer their followers just now is very " cold " indeed. At the " true, blue" picnic to Blackpool last Saturday words of remark- able wisdom and good cheer—they were accepted as such anyhow—fell from the lips of that eminent and far-seeing politician Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart. " Judging from what they could see," he said " and from what they had been told by those in the know, they were not very far from another general election." (" Hurrah !" " loud cheers," " applause," etc.) We shall keep an eye on Sir Gilbert after this. He evidently knows something that no one else has any idea of, and we don't want him to blurt out the date of this imminent election at an inconvenient time.

!desirable that something should be done in that direc- tion, providing suitable books, probably in the shape of a travelling box library going from school to school. He suggested that the chairman, Mr. Lacey, with Mr. Lancaster, the librarian, should confer with the other members and decide how the proposal could be carried out. Mr. Foote seconded the proposition, which was agreed to.

THE WAY TO OBTAIN ORDERS. INGENIOUS FRAUDS AT ST. HELENS.

Albert Prince, alias Taylor, tea canvasser, was charged at St. Helens, on Saturday, before Alderman J. C. Gamble and Alderman Forster with obtaining money by false pretences from Mrs. Adcock, if Eccleston Park, and also with acting as a pedlar without a certifi- cate.—Superintendent Baxendaie said that the man went to Mrs. Adcock's on Friday, after calling at a number of otheAresidences, and he handed Mrs. Adcock a ticket, and said, "I am not begging ; but I want you to do me a favour. I have got an offer of a situation with the Ceylon Growers' Association, of Oxford-street, Manchester, if I can get fifty orders in the neighbour- hood. Other people in the Park have been kind enough to give me orders and I am selling pure cocoa." Prince also said that he had worked for a firm at Liverpool, but had been thrown out of work by the reduction of the staff. He offered lb bags of cocoa at ss. each. After Mrs. Adcaok had agreed to buy the cocoa, Prince went to the Grapes Hotel, where he had left his bag, and someone informed Police-constable Guest of what the prisoner was doing, and he followed him, and took him into custody while he was delivering the cocoa.—Evidence was given that when prisoner was taken to Prescot, he admitted to Sergeant Bland that there was no such firm as the Ceylon Growers, I Association in existence, and that his story was untrue. Mr. Hemmingway, chemist, of Prescot, said that the cocoa that prisoner was selling was not worth more than 6d. per pound. Prisoner in his defence said that if he told the positive truth he could not get orders anywhere. He knew he was telling lies, but that was the usual wayof obtaining orders all over the country. A few months ago he was detained in a similar way at Liscard, but at the end of four or five days the magis- trates discharged him, and that made him think that he was not doing wrong. The Chairman : You have been in prison several times for the same thing. You have done it all over the country, and must go to gaol for 1 three months' hard labour.—Prince was again brought before the St. Helens borough magistrates on Monday on two similar charges. Evidence was given that on February 2 Prince went to the residence of Mr. Cook, The Sycamores, Toll Bar, and on the pre- tence that if he could secure fifty orders in the neighbourhood he would get .a permanent I position with a fictitious Indian and Ceylon company at Manchester, he got Miss Cook to take a packet of cocoa for 2s. 6d., which Dr. Buchan, the medical officer, said was not worth more than Gd. Dr. Buchan said it was not genuine cocoa but was mostly arrowroot starch. On the same date he sold Miss Willcock, of Ravensdale, two pounds of the cocoa for ss.—The magistrates sent Prince to gaol for two months on each charge, the four months to follow the period for whichhe was sentenced on Saturday.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
The Widnes Conflict.

The dispute between the Widnes police and the Independent Labour party as to the right to hold meet- ings in the Victoria Square did not reach so great a height as bad been expected on Saturday night, when about 1,600 assembled to listen to a speech by Mr. J. A. Seddon, the Labour member for the Newton division. At the start the police were not to be seen. Mr. Seddon asked was this a truce or a calm before a storm, or an indication that their assailants had discovered they were on the wrong tack? (Cheers.) A week ago his name was taken by the police, but up to the present he had received no indication that be was to be a guest of Edward VII. for seven or fourteen days.—(Cheers.) They were law-abiding citizens gathered for the defence of free speech and to maintain that no authority had any power to interfere with peaceable citizens so long as traffic was not impeded. They would continue these meetiags ; coa- tinue to lay before the people a new set of political principles which would prevent this country entering upon revolution, which was always destructive to the class to which they belonged. (Cheers.) At this point the police appeared, and a sergeant asked Mr. Seddon to go away. Mr. Seddon : As soon as I have finished we'll go. You know my name.—(Cheers.) The Sergeant : I shall have to report you.— ( Ho oting . ) Mr. Seddon (to the meeting) : Fair play. I era prepared to defend myself against anything this gentle- man can do. So let us have a peaceable meeting. Mr. Councillor Boyle (chairman of the meeting) was also told that he would be reported as usual. Mr. Seddon : "'As usual; it's a standing dish with him."—(Laughter). The police then went away. Mr. Seddon presumed that nest Thursday they would enter the police court and afterwards another building where there was quiet solitude and no crowds to dis- turb, and where the diet led to high thinking. The cause of free speech, however, must not suffer from spite nor political tyranny. "Personally," he "I have no property to seize; my wife, who Is a better housekeeper than I am, owns the lot. Talk about penal servitude, Portland would be far more agreeable than listening to the yapping that goes on night after night in the Hous) of Commons. Don't think I shall look upon myself as a martyr. I shall ** * consider it a very pleasant rest-cure from the turmoil The traffic question over Stockton Heath Swing of Parliamentary life and open-air meetings. 13 utif Bridge is sure to try the patience of the future genera- they silence my voice for a short time, like Punch,' 1. shall be here again maintaining the right of free tion if it is not grappled out by the present one. The -s speech." number of vehicles and the variety of their character ; pThe large crowd then separated quietly. to say nothing of the number of pedestrians who are ; stopped occasionally owing to the passing I REPORTED AMICABLE COMPROMISE. of the vessels along the Ship Canal is at times An effort is being made to end the unfortunate con- amazing. On Monday last,quite an ordinary day for test/ between the Widnes police and the local branch of traffic for em bxaple, at one stoppage of the ridge on the Independent Labour party, who hold public meet- ings in Victoria-square. A Widnes correspondent under. the Stockton Heath side there was to be seen a tram stands that an interview has taken place between the car, milk cart, fish cart, three potato carts, ginger responsible persons on either side, and suggestions have beer cart and a cab, to say nothing of the usual drays, been made which it is confidently hoped will result in empty carts and cycles returning to town, which all arrangements being made that will be satisfactory to appeared to make a strange blend and of course took all concerned. up almost the whole of the road, from the bridge past ; the church. The brightest feature about it perhaps, I was the symptoms of prosperity. * * It has been said by some observer of human character that we all have our 'peculiar idiosyncrasies.' Well, there is a certain young minister within 100 miles of Warrington who feels deeply insulted if he is not addressed in person or by letter as "Reverend." He has been taking his friends to task for omitting of late this title to his name. That is his "idiosyncrasy." There is another well-know gentleman in the same district who objects to be announced as So and so Esq., and prefers the plain Mr. This is his "idiosyn- crasy." However both of these have been beaten by a certain cricketer who having a letter addressed to him as S.) and So Esq., which title was evidently something so novel and pleasing to him,((or he did not move in a high social position) that he carried the letter in the envelope about with him, placing it in his pocket which also contained his handkerchief. He often used the latter nasal requirement as he strutted about the cricket field with the result that the letter often fell upon the ground. The letter would then be found by someone and brought to the pavilion and handed to the would-be-gentleman to whom it belonged. This occurred so often, that the cricketer's "idiosyncrasy " was discovered and his conceit and vanity were the cause of much hilarity, to say nothing of the comtempt of his comrades.

* * * Mr. Vadclison, the member for Burnley, has sent a cutting reply to the Birmingham and Pitovincial Gun- makers' Association, who have circularised members of Parliament with respect to the Spurious Sports Bill and its bearing on their trade. He says : —"You ask me to oppose the Spurious Sports Bill. Why? Because it will injure the gun trade. But so does the continuance of peace. Really, eVen a member of Parliament is entitled to something better than this to be addressed to him. When the slaughter of pigeons and small birds has to seek its apologists in gunmakers its end is surely near. The nearest parallel to your trade circular that 1 can think of is the petition of the silversmiths of Ephesus, whose devotion to Diana increased as their trade was threatened by the teach- ings of St. Paul. Your Association might have fol- lewed a better lead.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS WOMAN'S DEATH.

A Serious Case.

INQUEST FORMALLY ADJOURNED.

Mr. Brighouse, the county coroner, reopened the inquest at St. Helens Town Hall, on Monday with respect to the death of Ruth Dinah Gibson, married woman, aged forty-oneof 97, Hoole-bank, who died in the Providence Hospital, St. Helens, on Saturday night June 30. The Coroner said the question was whether this woman's death was attributable to the wrongful and illegal act of Annie Taylor, a midwife, who attended her in ber confinement on the 9th of the same month. He inquired if Mrs. Taylor was legally represented. Mrs. Taylor, an old woman of about seventy, came forward and said she had not got a solicitor. The Coroner addressing Mrs. Taylor said :—This is a very serious matter for you if it is in consequence of your illegal and wrongful act this poor woman has come by her deith,and the question'will be for the jury to consider whether they ought to send you for trial on a charge of mansllughter. You ought to be represented by a solicitor. I have had an opportunity of reading the proofs of witnesses, and I assure 701.1 that in my opinion it is a very serious matter indeed for you. The Coroner intimated that, although it would be of great inconvenience to the jury and to himself, he would adjourn the inquiry in order to give Mrs. Taylor another opportunity of getting legal assistance. He pointed out to her that she would have to pay for this assistance. _ .

Mrs. Taylor inquired how much it would cost. The Coroner: Although I am a solicitor myself, I conic not very well tell you. The price varies very considerably. The market value is an unknown quantity. They are like boots ; you can get them at any price. The Coroner then formally adjourned the inquest until next Monday morning. It appears that on June 9th, Mrs. Gibson was con- fined of twins, and she was attended by Mrs. Taylor, Mrs. Gibson afterwards began to show serious symptoms and on the 23rd of June Dr. O'Keeffe was called in and found her in a bad conditien. He reported the matter to the health authorities, and Mrs. Taylor WAS called on to appear before the Health Committee, when they decided to report the case to the Central Midwives' Board. In the meantime Mrs. Gibson died in the hospital, and the coroner was communicated with.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Index to Inside Pages.

By the death of Joseph Finch, famiarly known as "Blind Joe "a well known Warrington character has been removed. Deceased, who was 34 years of age, was at one time a familiar figure in the Warrington streets where he earned a precarious livelihood by selling papers. He was perhaps better known, how- ever as a football enthusiast. He rarely missed a match at Warrington and frequently followed the first team to other Lancashire towns finding his way about with an ease which,considering his infirmity was truly remarkable. _ _

BABY CARRIAGES. Latest patterns.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Musical Successes. At the recent examination held in Manchester under the 'auspices of the London College of Music, the following pupils of Mr. Charles H. Dawson, 28, Arthur- street, were successful. Diploma of Associate (A.L.C.M.), pianoforte playing, Mr. R. S. Norman, Mr. T. Preston; intermediate section, pianoforte playing, Miss Emma Wilson; primary section, pianoforte playing, Master Victor and Miss Hughes; sirging, Miss Emily Barnes; American organ, Master J. Howarth. The examiner was Dr. Roxland Rogers Mus. Bac. (Oxon.) SIX-GUINEA CYCLES. Excellent value. Call and inspect.—J. S.GARLAND,SI to 55, Bridge-st.—Advt Bazaar and Garden Fete at Frodsham. A. bazaar and garden fete held in the Boys' School and Vicarage Gardens, Frodsham, on Wednesday and Thursday attracted a large number of visitors. The proceeds will be devoted to the Curates' fund, for which £4OO are required. The opening ceremony on the first day was performed by Mrs. F. W. Hayes, of AshtonHayes,and on Thursday by Mrs. James Reynolds The band of the 2nd Volunteer Battalion Cheshire Regiment was in attendance, and played choice selections. There were numerous attractions including croquet tournament, bowling main, maypole and other pretty dances by the children, putting tournament and various sports. An interesting musical programme was also submitted. LAWN MOWERS, Garden Tools, &c. Splendid selection.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-st.—Advt. Burglary at Daresbury. At Chester Assizes on Tuesday, William Atkinson, 68, labourer, pleaded guilty to breaking and entering the dwelling house of Ernest Edward Ridgway, Dares- bury, and stealing a silver cigarette case, a silver tobacco box, a sovereign purse, silver snuff box, silver tray, an ivory diary, a photo frame, pipe, latchkey,and lamp extinguisher on the night 21st April; and also with breaking and entering the dwelling-house of James Wharton, and stealing a quantity of goods, and £1 12s. Gd. in money, the property and moneys of May Florence Clarke, on the night of the 17th April. Mr. Trevor Lloyd, appeared for the prosecution.— The Judge said he would give prisoner one chance, He would not send him, to penal servitude, but his record was a black one. His lordship passed sentence of 15 months' bard labour on both counts, the senten&s to run concurrently. -

PAGE. 2. Women's Chat and Fashions. • " A. Son of Empire," (sexial). Local Church News. 3. Cricket. Education Corn mittee. Messrs. Crosfields' New Fire Station. Science Notes. O. Notes on Cricket and Bowling. Infirmary Extension Scheme. District News. Children's Corner. 7. Bowling : Works Competition. Co-operative Society Meeting. Cycling Gossip. Northern Union Football. Coming Events. The first annual show in cmnection with the Beautiful Warrington Society will be held in the Parr Hall on Ist September. Entries for outdoor exhibits close on the 31st inst. The Stockton Heath Garden Society will hold their annual show at Victoria-square on the 11th August.

Local Successes. • The following pupils of the Misses Williams, the Priory School, were successful in passing in pianoforte playing in connection with Trinity College, London : —Senior grade, Gertrude Constance Hall intermediate, Bessie Evelyn Whitlow.

PREMIER CYCLES, 7,8, 10, 12 and 14 guineas Cash or 18 monthly payments. Sole agent, J. S. GARLAND, 51, 53 and 55, Bridge-st.—Advt. Liberal Voters Please Note! The new list of voters for 1906 will be published on August Ist and affixed to the door of every place of worship in the Borough, and on and after that date ' it can also be seen at the Liberal Club, Bewsey-street. Every Liberal who has been a householder for 12 ' months ending July 15th last, should examine the list for himself, and if his name is omitted or if there is any error or misdescription of any kind whatever, he should inform Mr. J. Howes, jun., the Liberal agent, at once, so that the vote may not be lost. Lodgers who occupy one or more rooms of the clear value of 3:10 are also entitled to vote, and should claim imme- diately. Women who are householders should also see that they are registered in division three (municipal list). Claim forms and all assistance will be furnished on application at the Registration offices, Liberal Club Warrington. All claims must be served upon the the overseers on or before August 20th. 5, R. Wool:), Piano Dealer and Toner, 47, Old London-road., Stockton Heath.—Advt. Carden Party at Hall Nook, Penketh. On Monday afternoon the members of the British Women's Temperance Association went by omnibus to Hall Nook, Penketh, where they were kindly received by Mrs. Garnett, who has acted as President or Vice. President of the Association since its com- mencement in 3une,1893. Some time was spent in the spacious garden and numerous greenhouses,the;herbace- oils growth being much admired, also the great variety of sweet-scented roses. The arbours formed a refresh- ing resting glace from which the lovely picture could be semi. The conservatory, which was full of rare and beautiful flowers, was also a pleasant resort. An enjoy- able time was spent in the house where tea was served. Amongst those present were the Rev. J. Gunnell, Miss James, Mrs. Withinshaw, and Mrs. Parker. Afterwards a short meeting was held when Mrs. Simpson, of Southport, who was on a visit to Miss Bessie Dutton, gave a pleasing description of the grand pageant which she had witnessed in Warwick and which was held during the first week of July. Mr. Louis N. Parker was the author and organizer of the historic pageant which was got up chiefly for the glorification of Warwick and was visited by people from the four quarters of the globle. The tableau history of events of 2,000 years lived again before an andiencQ of 5,000 spectators f a- six days in succession. The magnificent display took place within the grounds of Warwick Castle, which are very extensive. The immense lawn with its setting of fir,'beech and hanging hazel formed a lovely picture with the Avon winding away to the background of woods from the centre of which ran a green road up a steep hill. The pageant was performed entirely by. men and women of the country; people of high and , low degree bad worked heart and soul in preparing, making the dresses and properties and devoting much' time to rehearsing. The story of the past had rolled I by with the, dignity and grace of an old-world tale,l from the day long prior to Ethelfleda's founding of the castle to the present. The gorgeous spectacle was brought to. a close when the strains of the National Anthem floated out, and the 2,000, actors pcsing in position and the 5,000 spectators standing within the great stand was a scene never to be forgotten. An excellent report of the annual meetings of the 8.W.T.A., which were held in London was giver by Mrs. Simpson, hon. secretary to the society. Of..icers for the ensuing year were re-elected when Mrs. Garnett proposed that Mrs. Holines,Rugemont,Penketh be appointed president. Miss Bessie Dutton thanked Mrs. Garnett for her kind hospitality and Mrs. Garnett :thanked the two Mrs Simpsons for their interesting reports. Again the rose garden was , visited when each one with a handful of roses formed , a circle round a large .lied of roses and sang," Praise • God from whom all blessings flow." Soon after, the omnibus was boarded and conveyed the party to town.

Accident at School-Brow. At about 5.30 on Monday afternoon, Lily Holbrook, the eleven-year-old daughter of Thomas Holbrook, 22, John-street, was playing against a large sliding yard door at the back of a milk shop belonging to Mr. Edward Roberts, oberts 58, School-brow, when t fell upon her. Her legs were badly bruised and she was taken to the residence of her grandmother, where Dr. Ander- son attended to her injuries.

STILL LEADING, the "HERALD" KITCHEN RANGES and " PnvEnn, "FIRE GRATES Sole Agent.—J.S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-st., Warrington. —Advt. Successful Local Athletes. At the Manchester Wheelers' Sports at Fallowfield, on Saturday, C. Berry,of Higher Walton, Warrington, won the one mile N.C.U. Manchester Centre champion- ship cycle race in 2min. 58 4-ssec. He also obtained the second prize in the one lap scratch invitation pur- suit race. At Widnes athletic sports on Saturday, A. E. Howard, of Warrington, secured the third prize in the mile bicycle race off 110 yards.

UNDER THE CLocic for Good Boors. Advt.— Warrington P.S.A. here was a good attendance a t the weekly meeting of the Warrington Society held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Sunday. Mr. J. C. Holland presided, and in the course of a short address stated that the P.S.A. and kindred societies had done much to maintain the sacredness of our English Sunday. It would be a sad day for old England if anything was allowed to impair the sacredness of our Sabbath. (Hear, hear.) Mr. T. L. Robins delivered an address on " Courtesy," pointing out that it was the duty of every aristian to be courteous. There was no religion in bluntness and rudeness. Mr. P. Barber read the Scripture lesson. Prayer was offered by Mr. R. Nelson, and Mr. E. Wynne Jones also took part in I the service.

CRAWFORD'S '

CRISP AND CREAMY.

CREAM

CRACKERS.

Ambulance Inspection. Notice. The annual inspection of the Warrington division The Warrington " Examiner "is now publis.hed on of the St. John Ambulance Brigade (comprising the Friday afternoon, price one penny, and is on sale at Warrington Corps and Messrs. Crosfield's contingent) the various newsagents at about 4 o'clock. Should will take place this (Friday) evening in the Dining any difficulty be experienced in getting the paper the Hall at Messrs. Crosfield's works. The inspecting proprietors will undertake to deliver a copy at any officer will be Mr. A. L. Garnett, district superinten- address in Warrington by 5 o'clock on Friday after- tendent of the North-Western district. , noon without extra charge. Address all communion, ltions to" Examiner Office," Bewsey-street Warrington Volunteer Encampment. The Warrington Volunteers will depart for Wind- Labour Bureau. mill Hill,Salisbury Plain,onSaturday,the 28th inst.,and There have been registered during the Week 31 encamp there for a fortnight. The annual inspection persons making the total number now registered 750. will take place in camp and every member of the During the week 35 have obtained work, and there Battalion must be present on this parade unless he are now on the register 160 persons. The committee has received leave of absence from the Commanding would be glad to recommend suitable women for Officer for some sufficient cause. The fatigue party scrubbing, cleaning, washing, Sic., and any informs- leave Warrington next Tuesday. The battalion will tion regarding their respectability and general attend Divine service at the Parish Church on Sunday character will be willingly given by the inquiry morning next. The men will fall in at the Drill Hall, officer free of charge. at 9.45 in review order. The " Y's" at Eddisbury, LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK. BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. The" Y ' branch 8.W.T.A., had a very enjoyable picnic on Thursday last to E ddisbury Lodge. They Death of " Blind Joe." left Warrington in a brake. -ith f thr

with some oi party cycling, at 1.30 and reached Eddisbury about 4.30. After tea the time was spent ip pleasant rambles in the wood. The return drive was safely accomplished by 10 o'clock, and the whole expedition voted most delightful. Exciting Street Scene. An exciting scene was witnessed in Bewsey-street on Thursday afternoon. At 3.30 the horse ambulance was proceeding down Bewsey-road in the direction of the Intirmary when the horse took fright. The

driver, Richard Jones, lost control of the animal which dashed along Bewsey-street, and was turning down Scotland-road when it was brought to a stand- still by the ambulance colliding with the building at the corner of the street. The shafts of the vehicle were damaged but fortunately no one was injured. Social Gathering. The Warrington staff of the Wesleyan and General lAssurance Society held an enjoyable social at the IWinmarlegh,Cafi; on Friday evening. About twenty- four sat down to an excellent tea, Mr. Manning (dis- trict superintendent) presiding. He was supported by Mr. W. Taylor (superintendent of the district). After tea a musical programme was submitted, songs being rendered in highly creditable style by several members of the company. The humorous element was sus- tained by Mr. R. Scarisbrick, who created no little amusement. The gathering was voted a complete success, and was thoroughly enjoyed by all. LAWN TENNIS, CROQUET, and other outdoor sports.—J. S. GARLAND, 51,Bridge-st.—Advt. ' Theft cf Potatoes. At the Warrington Police Court this (Friday) morning, John Baguley, greengrocer's hawker, was committed to gaol for three months for stealing four bags of potatoes value 10s., the property of John Lomax. It appears that on Wednesday Lomax attended the market at Stockton Heath and purchased a load of potatoes. Having to go to Earlestown, and finding the load too big he left eleven bags in the Norton Arms yard, Baguley helping to unload them. Returning next day he discovered four bags were missing, and ascertained that prisoner had sold them to a Mrs. Green, Knntsford-road, for 10s.—Baguley made his (31st appearance. Music in the Park. A large crowd assembled round the bandstand in the Park on Thursday evening when an excellent programme was submitted by Mr. T. J. Down's Military Band, under the conductorship of Mr. A. Down. The programme included :—March, "The Veteran," Kreutzer ; valse, " Acclamations," Waldteu- fel ; selection, "A runaway girl," Caryll and Menckton ; overture, "Si j'etais Roi," Adam; fantasia, "A life on the ocean," Binding ; hymn, " Eventide,'' Monk (arranged for military band by T. J. Down) ; galop, " Lustige Bruder," Faust;" Auld Lang Syne"; "God save the King."—The bandstand on Sunday at 3.15 will be occupied by Messrs. walkers' Brlwery Band.

Parr's Bank Limited. An extraordinary general meeting of the Parr's Bank,Limitedavill be held at the bank premises,Horse- market-street, Warrington, at ir-mn on Thursday next. Including £100,953 13s. Bd. brought forward at 31st December, 1905, the net balance of profits for the half year, after providing for all and doubtful debts, &c., is 5,307,002 14s. 3d. Out of this sum the directors recommend the payment in dividend of £102,307 108, at the rate of 19 per cent per annum, free of income tax, the transferring of £15,000 to the bank premises account, and to transfer to the officers pension and provident fund £lO,OOO. The balance of £119,785 4s. :Id. will be carried forward to the next account. PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST' BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Burglary near Warrington. At the Warrington Occasional Court, on Thursday morning, Samuel Simpkiss and James Greenwood, two youths, hailing from Ashton-under-Lyne, were charged with breaking and entering the shop of William Court, Padgate-lane, Poulton, near Warrington, and stealing a number of articles of jewellery and other property. On the night of the 25th ult. the premises were safely seciired by Mr. Court, but on the following morning he found the place had been entered, an entranca having been effected by the back window. The house was in a state of disorder, the drawers ransacked, and the jewellery and other articles missing. The stolen property was afterwards traced to Asht m-under-Lyne, where prisoners were arrested by Sergeant Mellor. Prisoners were committed to the Liverpool Assizes. Messrs Crosfield and Woolwich Arsenal. On Tuesday a party from Woolwich Arsenal visited the works of Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons Ltd., at Bank Quay and made an exhaustive inspection with a view to reporting on the arrangements for the economical consumption of fuel. The authorities have been impressed by the repeated statements in the Press as to the large saving which this firm has effected by its improved methods and appliances and the consequence was this deputation which represented three different departments. This is not the first visit to the works from the Woolwich Arsenal, for some time ago a deputation was sent to inquire into the views and practice of the firm, among others, in educational matters. It was pleasing to I hear the other day that the Government authorities at Woolwich had remodelled their regulations exactly on the same lines as Messrs. Crosfield and with the most satisfactory results. Conservative Picnic. Many hundreds of Warrington Conservatives and Unionists took advantage of the Conservative Associa- tion's excursion to Blackpool on Saturday, the outing I proving successful. Considerable delay was experi- enced on the outward journey, and it was after eleven !o'clock before Blackpool was reached. Dinner was I served at the Imperial and Alexandra Restaurants. IDuring the day the Tower and other numerous attrac- tions were well patronized.—ln a brief speech after 'dinner, Sir Gilbert Greenall said that judging from what they could see, and from what they had been told by those who should know, they vdere not very ! far from another General Election, and those present !, that day must ever bear in mind that they should ,I always be ready. They might have been defeated at ' the last election, but they were a long way off being • I beaten. (Cheers, and Voices " Better next time," " and " Corn in Egypt.") They must pull together land show that Warrington was, and always would be ' " True blue "—The return journey commenced at ; 0.40, Warrington being reached at midnight. PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR 13Esr BOOTS IN LANCISTUNE.—AdVt. ) Treat to Cottage Homes Children. The annual treat to the whole of the boys from the - , above homes took place on Saturday in beautiful weathermn the ground of the Engineers' Cricket Club, Battersby-lane. The boys came by the 2-10 train from I Padgate, and arrived on the field at 2-30 when after divesting themselves of all superfluous clothing, and I refreshed with ginger beer, &c., they commenced in I earnest to compete in tugs-of-war, fiat racing, 3 legged !races and boot sorting competitions. At a o'clock all ! the boys sat in picnic style on the grass, and were 1 refreshed with meat and fruit pies,eccles cakes, ginger I beer and bananas: When they had done full justice to the edibles, the band gave some selections of music 'which were thoroughly enjoyed by all present. Mrs. I William Wych kindly presented the prizes to the successful competitors,after which all the unsuccessful boys received a present. At. 7-30 the boys were get in marching order (loaded with bags containing nuts, ginger bread and, mixtures) and proceeded to the Central Station foi• the 8-35 train home, tired but I happy. The Engineers' Club desire to thank all the I friends who have assisted them in any way to provide 1 he annual treat.

1 •

===== 0002601_19060721_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

MR. SEDDON, M.P., FINED.

The Widnes Free Speech Crusade.

GAOL BEFORE PAYING.

Mr. James A. Seddon, M.P. for the Newton Division and twenty members of the Independent Labour party were summoned at Widnes on Thursday for obstructing Victoria square by holding meetings there. 'Mr. Seddon denied that there was obstruction in the ordinary sense. By custom the Square was the popular rendezvous for public meetings of a religious and political character and to put the Highway Act in operation was strain log of the law that would arouse in the minds of the people a bitterness that boded ill for law and order. , Until the Corporation came to some arrangement these meetings would be continued. He did not want to come into conflict with the police, but he would defend free speech whatever the consequence might be. Fines of half-a-crown and costs were imposed. Several declared their intention not to pay. Mr. Seddon had departed before the decision was given, but a few days ago he declared he would go to I prison rather than pay.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

- - - VIADUCT INSTITUTE : EXAMINATION RESULT S.

P.P. and Solid Geometry—Thomas A. Clare, stage 3, 2nd class ; Robert W. Mawdsley, James Pilling, Henry Sweetlove, stage 1, Ist class; Thomas Davies, Sidney F. Gould, Thomas Hardie, Edgar Hill, Richard Littler, John Parr, stage 1, 2nd class. COAL STEALING.

Last Thursday at Newton Petty Sessions Thomas Aldred pleaded guilty to stealing coal at Grolborne.— Mr. A. Ellis, for Messrs. Richard Evans and Co., said 1 this was a more serious case than usual, because Aldred I was a boiler foreman in the Company's emyloy and might be expected to set a better example. On June 29th, nearly midnight, P.C. Hayhurst met him and his wife, carrying three large lumps of coal which defen- I dant threw down in his own yard. Witness followed him, and he admitted having taken the coal from Messrs. Evans' siding, saying, "I'm very sorry ; it's the first time I've been caught." Fined 105. and costs.— Ellen Evans and Mary Owen Jones were summoned for a similar offence at Haydock. The former appeared, and a warrant was ordered to be issued to bring up Mrs. Jones.—Mrs. Evans as fined 10s. including sosts.

LANCASHIRE HUSSARS IMPERIAL YEOMANRY. Colonel Hopwood is in command of the four squadrons of the Lancashire Imperial Yeomanry, who have just commenced a fortnight's training at the military camp- ing ground on the outskirts of Delamer° Forest. Lieutenant Colonel Pilkington is the second in command and the officers in command of the squadron are Ashton-in-Makerfield, Colonel Stock • "B " St. Helens, Major Pilkington ; " C," Newton-le-Willows, Major Earle ; " D." Liverpool and Southport,Major Stapleton- Bretherton. Captain Lockett is the adjutant, and the other officers in camp are Captains Dewhurst, Street, Bibby and Pilkington and Lieutenants Bromilow, Aspinall, Jarmav, Formby and Ffarington. The first ' ordinary drill, whilst the second week • devoted will be week's training will consist of riding school work and to manceuvring. In connection with the latter some 1 big schemes are to be arranged.

SMOKING IN A "NON-SMOKER." John Lyons' of 39, Jackson-street, Manchester, was summoned at Newton on Thursday last, for a breach of the railway bye-laws, by smoking in a non-smoking compartment, at Newton, on April 21.—His father appeared for him.—Mr. Forma, prosecuting for the L. and N.-1.17. Railway Company, said the defendant and another man, 'who travelled from Manchester by 8-2 p.m. train, made themselves obnoxious to other people travelling with them, by bad language smoking, &c. Complaints were made and the railway officials removed the two men to another compartment. Lyons gave his I correct name and address, but the other man did not, and had not been traced.—Frederick Jenkinson, porter at Newton, confirmed Mr. Fenna's opening, and said he removed the two men to another compartment.— Nathaniel Conway, guard, also corroborated, and a rail- way detective deposed that when he called on the defendant Lyons he said he did not remember anything except that he was very drunk, and was removed from one compartment to another.—Fined 10s. and costs.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
ST HELENS.

CBIIIEAN VETERAN'S DEATH AT HELENS.

The death has taken place, in the St. Helens Provi- dence Hospital, of John Falloon, aged seventy, a Crimean veteran, who a few days ago narrowly escaped death by drowning whilst bathing in the sea at Black- pool. He was rescued in an apparently lifeless con- dition, and was only brought round after prolonged efforts at artificial respiration. The immersion appar- ently seriously affected his health, for upon returning to St. Helens he became very ill, and succumbed at the hospital.

ENLARGEMENT OF THE ST. HELENS MUSEUM Mr. A. Lancaster, curator of the St. elens Corpora- tion Museum, which is situated in the mansion at the Victoria Park, on Wednesday presented an interesting report on museum matters, and pointed out that at the rate the St. Helens collection is growing it will soon be necessary to use one or more of the rooms on the first floor, nearly all the available space on the ground floor of the mansion being taken up. He suggests that the offer of the Victoria and Albert Museum authorities of loan collections should be accepted. Mr. Lancaster also reported a valuable gift from the trustees of the British Museum of a set of electro-types of British historical medals.

SCHOOL LIBRARIES AT ST. HELENS. Mr. H. R. Lacey, presided at the monthly meeting of the St. Helens Libraries Committee, when the Mayor (Mr. Martin) reported t. at at the meeting of the Ele- mentary Education Committee that morning a numbr of members were appointed to confer with the librarian and Mr. Sharpe (the secretary for education) on the question of school libraries. The committee had con- sidered that matter several times, and it was thought

===== 0002601_19060721_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19060721_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060721_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T DELAY IF YOU FEEL "OUT OF SORTS."

Or if you have a friend whose constitution has been weakened, whether by overwork of brain or body, by exposure to the weather, by working long hours in ill-ventilated rooms, by recent sickness, or by any csuse tending to weaken the bodily powers ; in a word, if he is one who suffers from any form of complaint which may be the result of any of the above or similar causes; if, for instance, you can see that he is troubled with Indigestion, the bane of our Country and of modern eivilisation; or, if you think he has Low Spirits, that sure sign of some Nervous Disorder, bringing in its train a host of other complaints such as Melancholy, Lassitude &c., or, perhaps, Neuralgia, and frequently, Sleeplessness, which of itself is sufficient to weaken the trongest constitution, and to make life a burden ; or, if being free from these, he is regarded by his friends or himself as being of a delicate constitution, subject to Bronchitis, Coughs, Colds, a tendency to Consumption, or other Chest Affections, and if he, like thousands of others, failed to get relief from other remedies,tell him he need not be disheartened, that there is one Remedy whose virtues are so great, that it has succeeded where others have failed, and that there is hope he may be eured,as thousands of others have been cured before him by making a sensible and timely use of Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. If your friend then gives it a fair trial, he will be fully convinced, as others have been, that this is the Best Remedy of The Age. You or your friend may ask "What is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters ?" It is a Preparation now extensively taken throughout the country by patients suffering from Debility, Nervousness, and General lixhaustion, and if any value be attached to human testimony, the efficacy of this medicine has been suc- cessfully established. Its claims have been tested and proved by the medical profession and others, and corro- borsted by the written testimonials of eminent men. cwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters contain not only as suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose, but the active principles of the following well-known herbs— Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Lavender, Burdock, and Dandelion. The use of Quinine is well kown but it has never been satisfactorily combined with these preparations, until after overcoming considerable difficulties, the proprietor was able to secure a perfectly uniform preparation, combining all the essential properties of the above plants in their greatest purity and concentration. It is now estab- lished as a family medicine,and is increasing in popular favour the more it is known and tested. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a tonic " Pick-me-up " scientifically mixed in happy proportions. Sold everywhere in bottles, 2s. 9d. and 4s. U. each. Should any difficulty be experienced in procuring Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it will be forwarded carriage free for the above prices by the Sole Pro- prietors : The Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Lla.nelly, South Wales. We particularly I caution our readers against imitators, and impress upon them the importance of always seeing that the name " Gwilym Evans "is on the Label, Stamp, and Bottle, without which none is genuine.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

BURGLARIFS AT WARRINGTON.

. - At the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday John Flannaghan, described as a fitter's labourer,was charged on remand with stealing from the dwelling-house of Thomas Hagan, 37, Eldon-street,some time between two p.m. and five p.m. on Thursday, July 12th,a pair of men's boots, value 6s, 6d. He was further charged with steal- ing from the office of 'Tesoro. T. Looker and Co., Ellesmere-street, between nine p.m. on Friday,July Ist, and 6.30 a.m. on Saturday, Jnly 2nd, a pocket knife, a steel tape measure, a leather pouch containing steel tools, a box containing a gross of steel pens, and four postage stamps, of the total value of 149.—Superin- tendent Monaghan stated that Thomas Hagan went to his work in the morning in question leaving his wife in the house, and at 2.30 she also had occasion to leave, and she locked up the premises. When she returned at 5.30 she noticed that a small square of glass had been cut out of the kitchen window and that her husband's boots had been stolen. Prisoner's house was searched, with the result that the boots were discovered.—With regard to the second charge, the Superintendent stated that Messrs. Locker's clerk locked the office up on the Ist inst., and when he returned the next morning at 6.30 he found that it had been broken into, and an entrance effected by breaking a large square of glass in the window. One drawer had been broken open with a crowbar. A quantity of blood was found on the window and on the desk, and he missed some postage stamps, pens, etc. Information was given to the police, and the prisoner was arrested and a penknife was found in his ' possession which answered the description of the one I missing from Messrs. Locker's premises.—The prisoner who pleaded guilty,said : " Whatever sentence you see fit to pass upon me, I shall take it."—The Chairman described the offence as a serious one, and committed prisoner to gaol for three months with hard labour.

A QUEER SUCCESSOR TO MISS GARVEN. At the Borough Police Court, Warrington, on Saturday, an elderly woman, named Sarah Ann Fast,was charged with sleeping out in a large unoccupied house In Sankey-street,which had been purchased by the Cor- poration for the purpose of street improvement and was formerly tenanted by Miss Garven.—P.C. Holland said that he was on duty in Sankey-street at seven o'clock that morning when his attention was called to smoke which was issuing from a chimney. He went into the house where he saw the woman sitting near a large fire. She was making herself very comfortable, and looked like stopping for some time.—Superinten- dent Monaghan stated that the woman went from empty house to empty house, and took cooking utensils with her, and made herself quite at home. She had been in the house in question for some days.—The Chairman (Mr. J. Hayward) : She has evidently aristocratic tendencies. (Laughter.) She will have to go to a still larger house for seven days.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
COL !/A

lilt 1 1 !. ~r C I N,•,,,,,.3-4 i li 11141 :\\\ '''``C/.':4i'il!'il'.; 13111 ' *I *$ .. •'.. i.,,,„,, ~„..,,,...„........... „:„.„,, ,;•,„ r,,,,,, , ill, , i.,...., . , d. . ci 11 s / , / t.) 1-, , \ : , ~:. ~ -1---t., ~.!, ,/// 111- ,-.--,,,,,,,,, .ciiit, r• ri v.,. PO \.............. illiii 1 i : olp .The . . eginning oft. succe,,sful •,--"=.--r.4 . 7 ironing. ' • ,I, thium,,,-- ,iRT 1 : ._, WI [ 9 S

===== 0002601_19060721_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
... .. STARCH

NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

An easy victory fell to Warrington in their League match at Newton on Saturday. Our local wielders of the willow are showing capital form at present and if it is maintained there should be no cause to be ashamed of the season's work. The Newton batsmen could make no headway against the deliveries of E. A. Connor and Crewmen who worked great havoc. The innings lasted barely an hour and realized the poor total of 43. Connor and Creswell were irresistible, capturing 5 wickets for 19 runs and 5 for 25 respectively. Duck- worth brought off three smart catches.

The Warrington start was anything but promising, several batsmen being dismissed for poor sores. E. A. Connor and Cresswell put a different complexion on the game, both hitting out in splendid style. Connor, knocked up 89 which included one six and five fours while the professional carried out his bat for a fault- lessly compiled £4, his chief hits being eight fours. The innings closed for 158, giving Warrington a splendid victory.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
The most successful bowler for Newton was Howarth who took four wickets for 29 runs.

Earlestown had no difficulty in defeating Prescot and still head the League with 15 points to their credit. Warrington come next with 13 points.

Warrington second triumphed over their Newton visitors and the victory was very creditable to them although their opponents were three men short. Batting first Newton were all out for 163 the features of the innings being the fine displays by F. Harrison and T. Heppell who made 56 and 47 not out respectively. Warrington were in a great scoring mood and ran up 213 for the loss of nine wickets. There were several notable individual efforts. E. E. Woods made a brilliant 68, hitting twelve fours. A. Thewlis batted splendidly for his 54 while H. Dolan's 43 included five boundaries.

St. Pant's achieved a victory at the expense of Sankey Wire fills 2nd, their majority being 41. H. Booth batted in highlv creditable style, 24 of his 27 being compiled in boundaries.

Latchford Baptists accounted for Pemberton • St. Cuthbert's with a 25 margin.the most sucessful batsman being. J. Stowell, who knocked up 14.

Sankey Juniors defeated Fairfield, the top scorers being Bradbum (25) and H. Daintith (16).

Moore and Daresbury very severely trounced Greenall Whitley's who put up 21 against the villazers' 113. For the home team A. Dutton and H. Taylor batted in splendid form, both making 32. H. Taylor and H. Brough bowled effectively,Taylor taking six wickets for 17 runs and Brough two wickets for one run. J. Wray was the only man on the visitors' side who attained double figures.

St. James's 2nd met Bewsey-road Wesleyan 2nd and ran out winners by 31. There was no tall scoring, Mr. Aukland (11) making the best effort.

Bewsey-road Ist fared more fortunately, accounting for St. James's by a majority of 8. F. Tanner batted splendidly for his 25.

The Works Compet;tion proceeds apace, and the third round has been entered upon. On Monday evening the second round closed with a match between Cros- fields and" Guardian," the Soapery men being easy winners. Crosflelds batted first, and during their fifty minutes stay amassed 82, E. W. Warren carrying ant his bat for 27. Useful contributions were also made by Atherton and T. Whitfield. The Printers fired badly against the deliveries of Dickinson and Gleave, and were dismissed for the small score of Li. Dickinson took five wickets for seven runs.

The third round opened on Tuesday evening, when Walker's Brewery played Crosfield's before a large crowd. The victory rested with the Brewery eleven, who in response to -Crosfleld's 45 made 68 for the loss of 8 wickets. Norman captured seven wickets for 17 runs.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

1 What promises to be the biggest main of the year is being organized in connection with the Warrington 'District of the Independent Order of Oddfellows, Man- chester Unity. It was originally proposed that an inter-Lodge League should he formed, bnt this was found to be impossible, as the bowling strength of each Lodge is an unknown quantity. The proposal has not, however, been allowed to drop, and the main, which is open to the whole district, is being held with a view to unearthing the trundling talent of the district. Play will commence on August nth over the green attached to the Rope and Anchor Inn, Woolston, and as an entry of about 400 is confidently anticipated, the proceedings should prove highly interesting.

The second round in connection with the Works Corn- petition was concluded on Saturday, and the third round will open to-day. Two of Saturday's matches call for little comment inasmuch as the victorious teams always held the whip hand. They were Sankey Wire Mills, who accounted for P. and K. (3) and P. and K. (1) who as expected had little difficulty in disposing of Robinson's.

The other two games were not won without a pro- longed struggle. When they embarked upon their venture with Penketh Tannery, Richmonds' confidently looked for victory and an opening lead of 15-3 inspired them with confidence. They did not lose heart when two games later they were in arrears but when W. Ashcroft lost to J. Lloyd matters became serious. J. Smith did not inspire confidence with his opening as he allowed Shane to run from 9-0 to 11-4. He however made a fine effort and ran home before Shane could again score, and two points only separated the teams. Bennett was always too good for J.Hall and Richmonds' went to the front with the totals standing at 73-70.

A hard-fought game between A. Jordan and J. Atkin- on, resulted in the discomforture of the gas stove man and the score was carried to 86-85 in honour of Richmonds'. From this point the tide turned and flowed against the favourites as E. Bond, having a splendid win over E. Fletcher gave his side the load. Strive as they could Richmonds could not again get to the front and after a game fight they retired beaten by eight points.

Whitecross put up an equally good fight against Rylands. Opening well, they ran from 154 to 86-83 and then to 101-93. Then hopes of victory ran high but some uneasiness was caused when T. Ellison lost to J. Shaw 10-17 i and their lead was reduced to one point. Thoir prospects again improved and witit the tenth man off the green visions of success loomed large before their eyes. They had almost commenced an anticipatory cheer when the • fall came. This was brought about by J. Wells who ran away from E. Cleave 15-9 and reversed the lead. Whitecroas still hoped that their last man would pull the match out of the fire but they were doomed to disappointment and Rylands qualified for the third round by a margin of 10 points.

To-day's list of matches will be found on an inside page.

DEATH AT HIS POST.

James Meadows, aged fifty-one, of Phythian-street, St. Helens, watchman at Messrs. Pilkington's timber works, was found dead on Saturday morning shortly before six o'clock. Meadows had occupied this post for a good many yenrs,and was a well respected servant of the company. He had attended to his duties as watchman during the night in the usual way, but appeared te have been seized with illness, and when the other watchman came on at six o'clock he found him dead.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 21, 1906.

A HUGE PICNIC.

WARRINGTON LIBERALS INVADE

SOUTHPORT.

It is no novelty for Warrington to send forth. an army of day trippers to invade some seaside resort. Excursions are common enough at this time of the year and the dwellers in this busy old town of ours are not slow to avail themselves of the opportunity of spending pleasant hours amidst more congenial sur- roundings. The great Liberal picnic to Southport on Saturday, however, easily established a record in point of dimensions. Special trains poured into the increas- ingly popular resort a host of 3,600 Warring- II tomans bent on extracting the maximum of enjoy- I ment from the outing—and enjoy themselves they undoubtedly did. It was indeed a case of" Warring- ton by the sea "and one could hardly turn a street corner without coming across batches of local trippers. Moreover, all were delighted with the visit. The day was gloriously fine. The sun shone radiantly while Ithe heat was tempered by a refreshing breeze. There were animated scenes at the Central Station, Warring- ton, during the morning and early afternoon. As the I time of departure drew near the platform was filled from end to end with 'a surging mass of humanity. Four special trains had been engaged And -they were dispatched between the hours of 12.20 and 2 o'clock Many hundreds of trippers,however, went by ordinary Itrains before the greatest rush began. Mr. Pinion, Imanager of the Cheshire Lines Committee, personally superintended the arrangements Ind watched the departure of the " specials." It was indeed a great multitude to accommodate. Representatives of all the local Liberal organizations mustered in strong force. There were members of the Liberal Association, Women's Liberal Association, Progressive Labour League, and Junior Liberal Aasociation—all of which have done yeoman service in the progressive cause in Warrington. Those who left Central Station at two o'clock enjoyed the privilege of travelling in a new train, fitted up in the most modern style, which had never been used before. Of course, as each train steamed into the station there was some lively crush- ing and struggling to board the carriages, but all managed to find room and Sonthport was reached in good time. Most Warringtonians are familiar with the beauties of this favourite resort whose handsome, tree-lined streets and pretty gardens give it an air of superiority all its own. The only disadvantage of the place is that one has to be con- tent to view the sea at a distance, although the Cityl Fathers have tried to give Southport more of the typical seaside appearance by constructing a marine lake. The Warringtonians lost no time in sampling the hosts of attractions of which the town boasts. They were to be seen careering along the fine marine drive in motor cars, indulging in the excit- ing delights of the water chute, flying machine, and helter-skelter lighthouse, and liberally patroniz- ing the many other devices to amuse the visitor and induce him to part with surplus pence. Rides on the car to the lovely gardens at Church- town and the equally pleasant Hesketh Park also proved popular modes of recreation. Arrangements had been made for tea to be provide at the Winter Gardena and thither the multitude wended their way between the hours of 3.30 and 6 o'clock. Hr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., who had come specially from London in order to meet the Warringtonians, visited each of ithe tea rooms in turn and was very cordiallyreceived. Amongst others present were 'Mr. C. E. Parker (president of the Liberal Association), Councillors Evans and Ellison, Mr. and Mrs. J. Howes, Hr. J. Howes, inn. (hon. secretary of the Trip Cammittee), Mr. William Furness (hon. treasurer), and other prominent workers. To cater for 3,600 is no light task and when the bulk of the 3,600 want to be fed at once there is reason for a certain amount of confusion. The arrangements did not give the utmost satisfaction but there was no alternative but to make the best of the situation. It had been the intention to hold a meeting after tea in the Alb-rt Hall but at the last moment the organizers were informed that this build- ing was not available. An open-air meeting was held and interesting speeches (reported below) were delivered by the Borough member and others. The trippers then adjourned to spend the few remaining hours as inclination dictated and in the cool of the evening it was exceedingly pleasant to ramble about the shore. The first excursion train left for home at 8.30 and others followed at intervals, the last reaching Warrington at 11.35. All voted the outing to have been a complete success and Saturday will always bs recalled as a day of real pleasure under delightful conditions. A word of praise is due to Mr. J. flowes, jun., who was largely responsible for the arrange- ments for the trip.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
ADDRESS BY MR. A. H. CHOSFIFLD, M.P.

The Work of the Government. " Every Pledge to be Carried Oat."

At the shore open-air meeting held in the Winter Gardens after tea,Mr. A. ft.'Crostield M.P., delivered an address. He took the opportunity of expressing his hearty thanks to all those who played an active part in the great contest they had in Warrington which had, if be might so express himself eraanoipated the town from a kind of politics which he honestly thought was dominant a very great deal too long. He had never been one of those who thought that Liberalism was a short cut to Utopia—be was afraid he had seen enough of the commercial and political world to realize that 'there was no short cut to Utopia—but he had always I had a conviction, which only deepened the longer he was associated with politics, that British Liberalism ; was the best factor in a well ordered and sure, if slow, human progress. He bad also felt that while Liberalism was a grand thing for the I population of the United Kingdom, it also helped us Britons to take a lead in the world and give other nationalities a chance of working out their salvation on the same lines. Therefore, he thought that all who took part in that great contest might have a deep conviction that they had been lighting for great principles. (Applause). He did not want to sty anything unkind of the many Conservative friends that he had in 1 Warrington. He knew that his family had been accustomed to call a spade a spade and not to mince matters—(bear, hear)—and all his Tory friends knew quite well what he thought of the long era of

TORYISM AND JINGOISM that we had had. He was afraid it was very much at a discount just now; so that it was rather in pity than in anger that they did refer to their unfortunate political opponents. (Laughter). They (the Conservatives) were counting—so they told him—on what was called the swing of the pendulum. Well, that pendulum swung a long time in one direction, and they would find it as going to swing a long time now in another direction. (Applause). Their opponents were attempting to make la lot of capital out of the fact that the Government could not run a dozen omnibuses abreast through Temple Bar or. to drop metaphor, that they could not undo all the mischief that had been done during the last twenty years—with a very brief interval—in the first Session of Parliament. That was not the occasion to enter into details, but when he had the privilege of addressing not a pleasant holidayaudience like they had that day, out political gatherings in the autumn, he had not the slightest fear o the account that one would be able to give of the work that the Government was doing. (Applause). He could give them quite a list of 'metalwork in the way of administration that was being done—and they must not forget that that counted as well as legislation. Pope said in the old days : For forms of Governm, nt let fools contest, What's best administered is governed bast."

===== 0002601_19060721_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
But besides the administrative work there were

IMPORTANT LEGISLATIVE MR ASCRES on the stocks and only the previous day he asked Mr. Charles Fenwick, who was sitting on the Grand Com- mittee for the amendment of the Workmen's Compensa- tion Act, what sort of a job he thought they would make of it. The reply was that it would be a job that would give satisfaction to every trade unionist and every worker in the whole country. (Applause). He thought that would be something to be proud of, and it would be carried through in the autumn session in the House of Commons. They would also carry through the Trades Disputes Bill in that session, so it must not be imagined that because they had the vast, complex task of tackling the question of education, that that alone was going so absorb the energies of a new Roliament that was full of energy. On the con- trary, as Mr. Asquith said not long since,

EvEHY PLEDGE GIVEN TO THE CONSTITUENCIES before the last election would be carried out lbefore this Parliament dissolved. The Government had not got there by false pretences. (Applause.) To him, if his return had been a great triumph for the progres- sive party, including, he was happy to think, all social ranks in Warrington, he could assure them honestly and truly that it had been the greatest event of his life,and whether his time in Parliament were long or short— and he ventured no prophecy as regarded the future—he would always look back to his experience in that great theatre of human action and endeavonr for progress as the most priceless experience of his life. Some friends of his—one or two of them had been up to the House said : "Well, now, isn't it about time you were making a stroke off your own bat?" (Hear, hear, and applause.) He did not mind saying that one gentleman who cheered that remark had been writing to him—(laughter)—and

advising him to enter into the fray. There was an old rule, perhaps an old-fashionel nne, in the House which ran in this way : " All new tn-riltPprs amn

wise if they do not 'fire oil their maiden speech for twelve months." (Laughter.) lie could assure thorn there was acopions and uninterrupted fl-Av or eloquence from the Government side and therk. was certainly no lack of talking. (Laughter.) What 11.1 e was anxious to do WaS tO

===== 0002601_19060721_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKE ' NO SL IP

in the matter of voting. ([[ear, hear.) He thought nobody present would imagine that he had inherited so little of his father's character that be was over thin- skinned if there happened to be a little bit of criticism about some votes he had already had to give in the House. So far as criticism came from his friends of the Liberal Association, the Women's Liberal Associa- tion, the Progressive Labour League, the Junior Liberals and those who had taken an active part in sending him to the House. it would reaeive his most careful attention and he would do what he told them he hoped ta have the privilege of doing before he went to the House. He would not, he hoped, have the foolish vanity to think that ai a now comer in the House be could best decide for himself on the extremely complex questions that were brought before them. He would do as he promised—seek the advice of the best expert knowledge of which they had the benefit in the House—and he would like to take that opportunity of expressing his most sincere thanks to some of those he had consulted. He told the Pro- gressive Labour League that he should always consider it the greatest honour to have the advice of the best Liberal Labour memhers in the E1C11199, and he wished in the first instance to thank prominent members of that party who, busy as they were—and there were no harder worked men in the House—had had the kindness to give most useful information and advice to a new corner like himself. Alluding again to Mr. Charles Penwick Mr. Crosiield expressed regret that he was unable to speak in Warring- ton during the election campaign. They, had, however, the, pleasure of listening to one or two splendid Liblaral Labour men—men who were taking a foremost position in the House—he referred particularly to Mr. Maddisen and Kr. Vivian. (Applause.) To them he owed a debt of gratitude. No doubt his hearers would understand that of all questions that the Govern- ment were tackling at present, the

===== 0002601_19060721_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
MOST COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT

was that of education, and he had had the benefit of advice by members of the Cabinet repeatedly on that subject, and also by some leaders of the Irish party in the House who had been most kind to him. He hoped with a little more tuition of the same kind, that he might manage to get the "hang "of things a little. If he might vary the metaphor he used a few minutes ago, perhaps on some occasion he would make a drive with his own club. (Laughter and a Voice: "Golfing again.") Their friend who said " Golfing again "little knew how golf had gone to " pot ' since he (Kr. Crosfield) got into the House. No golf had to take a back seat. (Laughter.) He might it did receive a certain a nount of all-round attention from members in the House, and so perhaps his little meta- phor about a drive with his own club might not be inaprooriate when the time came. He would only ask his kind friends not to think that if he had not tired off speeches on broad principles in the filase, it was because of any unfortunate afflictit is of stage fright in that august assembly. He never could understand 'why anybody should be more afraid of talkin; there when he had cot his seat than he should be of going to a public meeting in his own constituency when he was on his trial and endeaviiring to win the seat. Posses- sion was nine-tenths of the law—(laughter)—and he would not have the faintest hesitation in speaking, pro- vided he thought he could d) something more than treat the House to general principles.He had often tel t--and had espressed the view to political friends of his—that it would be a poor business talking politics in the coun- try if one had simply to give re-hash of the last debate in the House, full of techoical ities and intricacies which would never go down at a public meeting. That was

===== 0002601_19060721_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
TI-IE GRgIT DISTINCTION

between speaking in the country and spa tk lag in the House. They must net, however, think for a moment that he was depreciating general orineiples—he should indeed have lost faith in the future of democracy if he did so—because the more one filo, of the House the more one recognized that the general vinoiples which, had to be fought for and sup- ported in the constituencies were at that root of all use- ful legislation. If, however, a new member waited for twelve tuontns he might then select one or two subjects and try to specialise and deal with them in detail and, in his small and humble capacity, that was what he hoped to do. (Apolanse): He did not want to /raise any false hopes. There were lots of enterprising gentlemen in the House who thought they were goinz to set the Thames on fire. He was sorry there should he these political incendiaries about— (langhter)—ind that wonld not be a fitting capacity for the descendant of old Quakers, men of peace, to fill. But without absolutely trying to set the Thames on lire at Westminster he earnestly hoped he would be able to take his share in a modest way of active work there. In the meantime he was truly glad that he made up his mind to wait until he had had the advantage—as he already had had to a large extent—of coming into contact with many leaders of the different sections of thought in the House, and until he had assimilated their information and guidance. In conclusion Mr. Crosilelcl said that having achieved a

===== 0002601_19060721_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT AND MEMORARLE VICTORY

in Warrington, having stormed the Tory citadel and won the position, it was for the great Liberal organiza- tions to make it sure, to have reasonable patience, to recognize that the old world only moved slowly ;for- ward, but to take are that they in Warringtoo, did move forward and that the ra-actionary period they had gone through, with all its waste of pnblio treasure and all its mistaken Jingoism, was at last finally at an end. (Loud applause.) Conncillor EvANS moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Crosfield M.P„ for his address. It was, he said, no dolibt very pleasant for their member to escape from the scenes of strife in the House of Commons. Some of them in Warrington seemed to be daily in contact with that kind of thing. (Laughter). While it would perhaps be a relief to Mr. Crosfleld to spend the day in Yort. appreciated his kind- ness that pilneasacnointpilnagne, ttho s e y o roduitl The Liberals ofi Warrington were satisfied that they had got a very intelligent and worthy representative and he represented a good old town. He (Councillor Evans) thought he was voicing the feeling of Liberalism in Warrington when he said that they hoped Mr. Crosfield would live long and he able to render great, service in the interests of Liberalism and freedom and for those principles which they held most dear. (Applause.) Mr. Joseph Howes in seconding said that at the last election they gained a wonderful victory. When he first came to Warrington the Liberal authorities in London said it would be a good thing to make a fight but they could not win. When he heard there was a place that could not be won, that was the place he wanted to go to. (Laughter.) They had good fight and a good candidate and they achieved a great triumph. There wart, however, a great deal of work to be done yet. The great apostle of Protection was reorganizing his forces and the House of Lords was increasing its activity. The House of Lords was a very picturesque institution, as Mr. Charnberle'n told them. It had a very peculiar history, and during the autumn they would probably have to talk about the history, 4coo- - and present existence of the House of Lords and make some practical enggestions for mending or ending it. (Applause.) His policy was to end it. (Applanse.) Mr. C. E. Parker, who presided over the meeting voiced the high appreciation which the Liberals of War- rington had for their member. The vote was heartily accorded. In responding Mr. Crosfield M.P., expressed the real pleasure end encourage me nt which it afforded him tomeet so many kind friends who said such nice things of one and carefully turned a blind eye to many zsnd afflictions, even the predilection to golf to which a friend alluded. In one place, at any rate, he would try to deserve a small measure of the praise they had bestowed upon him, and that place was the division lobby. He would tell them frankly that he did not mean to say there was anybody in the House whe always knew exactly the I ins and outs of the questions he was voting upon. It was customary to talk as if the House of Commons was a comfortable kind of club. What struck one most forcibly on going up ' there was the collossal amount of work that was done and the absolutely extraordinary brain power that was required by the very few men in the Horse I who had something like a grip of it. Even a James Bryce or a Charles Mike, who were more like walking encyclopzedias than any men he had come across before I could not grasp it all. What he meant in referring to I the division lobbies were not so much the minor issues, but the great essential questions that came up for decision by the House ; and he could honestly assure them that already he had done hie very best to try and get at the pros sad cons and give an honest vote on every matter. Their friend " Joe " Chamberlain was very fond of calling the Liberal party the fissiparous party. However, he (Mr. Crosfield) felt,—and he hoped they would agree with him—that when they came to questions where there was a doubt in the matter, and where the pros and cons were just about equal, it was just as well to be a good party man to the extent, at I any rate, of always giving the Government the benefit I of the doubt. That, he thought, was a sound guiding line on the extremely

COMPLEX EDUdaTION QUESTION. It had been his duty to give three vote 3 that were not for the Government and he would tell them frankly why. He explained' to the Whips and to some members of the Cabinet that he did not think it was good policy to leave certain amendments to be made in the House of Lords and then let the House of Lords come down to the country and say : See what people we are ! •Thank heaven you have got this House of Lords." Mr. Howes said that he wanted to sweep the whole concern right away. If he (Mr. Crosfleld) were asked to give aa opinion,and of course he had heard the matter discussed by very able men indeed, he would say that in our Con- stitution a second chamber well constituted was not a bad thing • but he did not want the Lords to have too much kudos as they were constitnted now and he had that in mind when he gave the votes he had referred to. (Applause). The meeting then concluded.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
A LANGASTURE WORKER

Cured ,of Biliousness and indigestion by Bile Beans.

Mr. William H. Yates, of 27, Orford-lane, Warring- ton, says :—" I was troubled with pains in my head, and I felt so sick that I couldn't eat. At times I had such severe pains in my sides that I couldn't walk, and when I went to bed I was unable to move about. I was also greatly trpubled with shortness of breath. I didn't know what to do, and my illness reduced me to a very weak state. Sometimes 1 was so faint that I was scarcely able to stick to my work, but I kept at it until I dropped in the street with severe pains in my. side. "The doctors, after trying many remedies in vain, said that nothing would do me any good, and my case was past curing. Than I tried a sample box of Bile Beans, which made me feel a little easier. I continued with Bile Beans, and now lam again well and strong. I can honestly say that Bile Beans have cured me when doctors had quite failed." Even to healthy and vigorous workers the stress and strain of daily toil is almost unendurable in the long, hot days of summer, and to those who are handicapped with a sluggish liver, a weak and sore stomach, poor circulation, or other ailments of the digestive and nutritive system toil becomes long-drawn torture. Heat induces hw:dsches„dizziness, sickness, and con- stant thirst, and causes sleeplessness, bilious attacks, indigestion, and excessive perspiration. Bile Beans for Biliousness arejnst the thing you need to help you over the hot weather overstrain and keep you in health and comfort. Bile Beans are Nature's own tonic-alterative. They gently and genially help tired Nature back into her accustomed path of perfect health. Take a bean at noon and a Bean at night. You shill find every Bean a boon. Bile Beans may be bought of all chemists at is. lid. per box, or 2s. 9d. for triple size.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
INFIRMARY EXTENSION SCHEME: Ladies Take Up the Cause.

Warrington ladies on Wednesday decided to take up the'cudgel on behalf of the Infirmary Extension Scheme and as their efforts will extend over a period of twelve months a substantial contribution should result to the funds of the institution, a scheme for the undertaking of the Work was arranged at a very well attended meeting of ladies which was held at the Town Hall. It was fitting that Mrs. Pickmere should preside as it was her hustand who was the first to advocate the need for an Infirmary in Warrington and it was largely as the result of his untiring efforts that the necessary money was raised to erect the premises. Mrs. PICKMERE, in a happy little speech, said she thought that as the men were doing so well for the proposed extension surely the women could do some- thing. She therefore put a letter in the papers, a letter which she was pleased to say was quickly and very nobly responded to, and £lll came in from women. That was very encouraging. (Applause.) She had asked Miss Litton and Mrs. Dakin to help her and they had very kindly consented to do so. The scheme which she had to suggest was the one which they followed on the occasion of the first jubilee of Queen Victoria. Then th 3 town was divided into wards, two responsible ladies were appointed to superintend the work in each ward and they hi turn appointed their collectors and a house to house collection was made. She thought that was the best thing they could do and that this year they should also include the outlying districts from which patients were sent regularly to the Infirmary and which conse- quently derived a benefit from the institution. The women should do something because she considered that they benefitted more than anyone by the operations of the Infirmary. (Hear, hear.) She had had a great many letters promising assistance and money had also been sent. Amongst those donations which she had received were :—Mrs. Milling and family, £25; Mrs. Mclver, £2O; Mrs. Charlton Parr, £5; Misses Smith, £10; Mrs. Fletcher (Whitley), £5; Mrs. Armitage, £10; Mrs. Lightburn, 10s. 6d. (Applause.) If they approved of the scheme which she suggested she thought it desirable that the work of collecting should not begin for a month or six weeks. (Applausaa.) The scheme was approved. Miss BESSIE DUTTON suggested the advisability of collecting by instalments in the poor districts. She was sure that many who would like to subscribe could not do so unless they gave small sums at stated intervals. • Mrs. Pickmere said that this would be done. It was decided to ask the following ladies to take charge of the respective wards: Thelwal and Statham, I Mrs. Williamson, Mrs. H. Hatton and Mrs. Rylands ; Padgate. !qrs. Buckton ; Latchford. Mrs. John Fair- dough and Mrs. Jackson Holmes ; Latchford Without, Mrs. Tunstall, Mrs. Venn and Mrs. Dakin ; Grappenhall, Mrs. Frost; Stockton Heath. Mrs. Henry Greenall and Mrs. W. Richardson ; Moore, Miss Litton ; Penketh and Great Sankey, Miss Tindsley and Miss Clarke •, Whitley, Mrs. Fletcher; Warrington : Town Hall Ward. Mrs. Rowson and Mrs. Reginald Smith ; St. John's Ward, Miss Spinks ; St. Austin's Ward, Mrs. Henry Fairclough and Mrs. J. E. Wright; Fairfield,Miss Litton ; Orford. Mrs. Densham ; Bewsey, Mrs. 3. H. Smethurst; Whitecross, Mrs. Adams ; and Howley Ward, Mrs. John Davies and Mrs. H. Ward. Mrs. PICKMERE said she desired to issue a warning to the townspeople against bogus collectors. The collect- ing books would be printed and she hoped people would see that they were authentic and contained a list of the names ot the lady collectors for the various wards. I Mrs. E. Ancr:r was unanimously appointed hon. treasurer to the collecting committee. Votes of thanks to the Mayor for the use of the Council Cbambers.and to Mrs. Pickmere for presiding,concludqd the meeting.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
DIZZINESS AND PAIN CURED BY Veno's Seaweed Tonic

- ---- CEIARLES SQUIRES, Esq., 71 Park Street, Rother- ham, writes :--` lam very pleased to write you respect- ing my wife's health. Four months ago she was troubled very much with pains in the back and dizziness in the he. I induced her to take VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC which she did, and when she had taken three bottles, she was a different woman altogether ; in fact, after the third dose, the pain in the back had gone. She has told many people about it." vrio,s SEAWEED ToNIC is guaranteed to perman- ently cure all ailments arising from a deceased condi- tion of the stomach, liver, kidneys and blood, such as indigestion. wind, sluggish liver, weak and painful back, dizziness, heitdoohe, kidney troubles, dropsy and female weakness, and is ()specially good for chronic constipa- tion and debility. Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. at Chemists everywhere.

DEAR CECILIX

• I am glad to hear that you were all so iileased• with the prizes I sent for our last com- ittition; I think you agree with me that they were worth trying for, and / hope next week ,to announce the next monthly competition for boys and girls. A great many of you have sent me in contributions of short stories and pieces of poetry for our weekly competitions. These I shall print in rotation and award prizes to those I consider the best. MOB week the prizes go to Harry Payne, John Northcott, and Nellie Halstead, and I am sure you will all en- joy reading their contributions. I want you all •lo send me a few specimens of flowers from your gardens. These must reach me either on the evening of August 7th, or Dy first post August Bth, and must all be addressed to me to 6 and 7, Creed Lane, London, E.C., as I shall be in London to judge this competition. hope you will all send me a few specimens, and remember that I have offered very nice prizes to the winners. You must all remember to put your name§ and addresses in each box, and any parcel arriving after the dates men- tioned cannut be included in the competition. I am very pleased to welcome Lucy Fitzpat- rick and John Northcott as members to our Corner, A prize will be awarded to the sender of the first correct solutions to these puzzles, which were sent me by a member. _ _

With all gooki wishes and hoping you will all be having very pleasant holidays, from

, UNCLE NEIL 4.1 '

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am sending a story which I hope you will like. It is called, "Hasty Walter and the Lost Sums," and I hope it will teach a lesson. I will now begin.

HASTY WALTER AND THE LOST SUMS. Walter and Edgar, I am sorry to say, have quarrelled. "You looked over my sums this afternoon," said Walter, "and copied from me. Where are they I If you get the prize, and I don't, I shall tell Mr. Swain that you cheated." "I did not," replied Edgar. "You are quite mistaken. I had done my sums when I looked at yours." They continued to contradict one another, and use angry words, till at last they came to blows.

Edgar was rambling along the river bank in the evening, when Walter, hearing he had gone thither, followed in order to charge him with copying and hiding his sums. So they met, and this sharp quarrel took place. Walter was quite getting the worst of it when, in the struggle, a roll of papers fell out of his pocket. Edgar stooped and picked them up. "Why, here are your sums," he exclaimed, " they have been in your pocket all the time." Walter examined them and was ashamed. "I did not know it," he said. "I am very sorry; I have made a mistake, and was a great deal too hasty. I beg your pardon." The two friends shook hands and became better friends than ever, aild Walter tried not to be so hasty again. Hoping you will enjoy your birthday.—l remain, your loving niece, NELLIE HALSTEAD.

Dear 'Uncle Ned,—l am sending you a piece of poetry as I saw you wanted a piece. I should like very-much to see my name in "The Chil- dren's Corner." I am now 12 years old. I remain, your loving nephew, JOHN NORTHCOTT. RE NEVER SMILED AGAIN.

The barque that held a prince went down.

The sweeping waves rolled on. And what was England's glorious crown To him that wept a son? He lives, ter life may long be borne . .

kre sorrow breaks-its Chain. Why comes not death to those Who mourn? Be never smiled again.

There stood proud forms around his tlirone The stately and the brave, But which could fill the place of one. That one beneath the sea? Before him passed the young and fair In pleasure's reckless train, But seas dashed o'er his son's bright hair. He never smiled again! He at where festal bowls sent round, He heard the minstrel sing, ' He saw the tourney's victor crowned Amidst the knightly ring. A murmur of the restless deep Was blent with every strain. A voice of the winds that would not sleep. *He nevtr smiled agaiP I izearts in that time closed o'er that trace Of vows ones fondly poured! And strangers took the kinsman's place At many a joyous board. Graves which true love had bathed in tears Were left to heaven's bright rain. fa Fresh hopes were born for other years. Ile never smiled again!

Dear Uncle Ned,—Yon-will be thinking t have forgotten you. I am sending a et! lled

HOW LEO GOT A DRINK." •

A naturalist was walking with Leo, a favo its Newfoundland dog of great size, one fro 4 e.ay, when he observed the animal's repea 6isappointment on putting his head down drink at sundry ice-covered pools. Af'

!ter one a these disapPointmenta, the naturalist broke the ice with his foot for his thirsty companion. The next time it seemed good to the dog to try and drink, instead of waiting for his master to break the ice as be- fore, he set his own huge paw forcibly on the ice, and with a little effort obtained the water for himself.

)11r, let, Ltecl i to

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am sending you a story which I hope you will print. The title of it. is:—

TEE ROBBERS' CAVE. There was a widower who lived at the sea- side with his two children, whose names were Jack and Florrie. Jack was thirteen years old, and Florrie was eleven. They lived very hap- pily, and often, on summer evenings, they would go on the shore together, looking for sea anemones.

S. ELLIOTT.

It was on one of these occasions', after a lovely summer day, when it was just beginning to grow dusk, that Jack, looking upe suddenly, saw a body of men in the distance. He gazed at them curiously for some time, without calling his sister's attention to them. She had jui3t discovered a very large anemone, and was show- ing it to her brother, when he grasped her arm, cud said "Hush!"

Jack knew perfectly well who they were; he hid heard his father say that a famous baud of smugglers liveo in a cave somewhere about this coast, and nobody could find out wheie the cave was. "These must be the smugglers," thought he. • 'We will watch and see where tuuy go," he said to his sister.

Evidently they had been already seen, for the men were coming in the direction in which the children were. Jack and Florrie made a haity retreat among the rocks, but in their hurry they banged up against a secret spring which was in the rock. Immediately the rock opened. The children were so dumbfounded that they stood still for some time in blank amazement.

However, they entered. No sooner were they lin than the rock closoeil again. " Click!" they were prisoners. At first they did not realize what danger they were in. But, when they founo that they were shut in, they began to be afraid, and still more so when they heard the sound of hurried footsteps outside the rock. Fortunately they saw a door at the end of the passage, whicn they immediately opened. The door opened into a room full af all kinds, of boxes. Jack and Florrie had only time to crouch down among the boxes and hold their breath, for the men were close upon them. Their only ht.pe was that there might be another way out of the cave.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am sending you some puzzles, which I hope to see in print 60011. I think ,the other members like to work the puzzles, because I do. I must now close, with love, from NELLIE BARNES-

H. PAYNE.

(To be continued.)

I

PUZZLES.

ENIGMA.

I consist of 7 letters, and am a great event. My 1,2, 1,2, 3,6, is a sweetmeat; my 5,4, 7, ifi a sin; my 6,7, 5, is a fish; and my 3,2, 5,5, an animal.

11. ,// ',44,- ~,, ~,,, ,r 460 ~ d 4., .e.„; ~,,,, , „,•,41, ~,i,.6 (0 1,„ • Lir. ."' ''.--i•;:', tilias '7-7 ^-7 ~,,r, i3v- ' .1. - . TEIC° A..'" '.- - • ' ~,' ' 1":"If . ,f."-'4,07.40„ r... 74-0 ' i1.'4.t.";01:-.'' , • 0. ~. • Ni-.,..u, .., - ••7 . 4 4T. AT p.:. • -.-f,t1;;;0*.,::- r ' ..'•-,-iii,'-' .....;.:. ' ;., c.:, • ,-.,.. -.7.,,,*4.1---,..,.?. t. 4 - V---- '-'4'.ki;,•42a- "A".. ' 0 •:: .' - .1' " .". ',..i,..,-:. '• -....-.: 0:.- ' • ''' t •F - .-.*.-- •• - 0.. 4 -,v,- :-. ::-..., N. Ai. .. , - . •,:•...4-.4V:... -....-.. , , ~.:, '' -.i.,..`,."Ezi... - . . ........,. . it..-,....-,,,a :„;,,;-. :, c,.,1...t c:::!--!..:- -.A"l::'.r.:',' ....; ,il •%sj * '' '''' 4r4. , 01%,h,- • N • % • 3 ••:'-::.,1 -' -.4' .;''' :*-I'..P.'", ::...:04111Pc' 'c'' ........1„,...,,,,, xotoiz ~.,, , , :.!:-_... ..c .. , Uncle ad i / ~. .''..irly -,, • alb 1 ~... - ear Uncle' 1 •'3 '' . .'4 . , "1"..-A. Ir'' ' 0 ~ poor I 'ye forge ea. 1 •. - - , * #l/4 " .',, 4'/ ' r. , v,,r- • CO %,...... t .1 4111PPrr num,

===== 0002601_19060721_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
"The food which feeds."

===== 0002601_19060721_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
PLASMON

Instantly added to all dishes.

Delicious recipes in every packet.

Of all Grocers, Chemists, and Stores.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
SCRIPTURE PUZZLE.

1. The town where Samson was imprisoned. 2. One of David's sone. 3. In which book is it written "Turn ye from -idols"? 4. A city of the Philistinss taken by David. 5. One of the three persons who walked in the fiery furnace unhurt. 6. To whom did Jacob flee after he had etolen his brother's blessing I The initials of the answers will give the name of a town in the south of Palestine.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am sending you a piece of poetry and I would very much like to see it in the paper, if you have a space for it. I must now close, with best wiehes, from your loving nephew,

ALFRED C. PRESCOTT. THE RIVER OF LIFE. The more we live, more brief appear, Our life's succeeding stages, A day to childhood seems a year, And years like passing ages. The gladeome current of our youth, Ere passion yet disorders, Steals lingering like a river smooth,

Along its grassy borders. But as the care-worn cheeks grow wan, ' And sorrow's shafts fly thicker, Ye stars that, measure life to man, Why seem your courses quicker? When joys have lost their bloom and breath, And life itself is, vapid, Why as we reach the Falls of Death, 4W' Feel we its tide more rapid?

4.„:„, " ''"'""`"' o''•,'„;; le ,i,.,:v0. 40t,',..: „„',„...z, :.:, ,:,,,,,, TFO4 .';:.. ci .. ';' ~... .‘,„;,:t1i,,,?, .;.,a.'.. ... , -, e... r: . i 4.4..-A, ,It ,364V011.70',f,ei• ' P'-' r';'. ' - ''. '. r 4.' ,a, .....t..„ i :.-- 4/01 • '....i. , 4tr.k. ' 0.44. r., f: .n.. ;• 'W' k k "e' T of ~. ~s,g, , . ~... .. .:.. it .44 ...t. 11t,,,,,,1•-at..g* > .1.• -)-*.` -ev.-:,„, . ~, 4 '4'l.%' ''' • ~'"--,, rid,iii, I', rr'C'.l.,' .z.4.?;An.i. . ,:,,,t1,,,-,,,,,, , _..„.., 4,. ,co ..s., r ~., ~ ~,Th 1 . ~... 1,..:,;',, 0 ",.., ~,,k t - - „ iii '141" . .311'...4.:, ~ OS,Alff., ~C ' ', '' '' - I . I: . i•ri Y . i ,

===== 0002601_19060721_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NM

===== 0002601_19060721_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

all IX. FRONT WARRINGTON TO Acton Bridge-7 11, 7 40, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, .97 5, 8 35, " a 9 58, 10 18, till 23, 11 4201 55, a.m. 2 42. 148, • 6 28,7 20, 8 45, 08, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 333, • 6 0, p.m. Mondays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (Land N.-W.Talbot-roadl-5 30, a 7 5, "•,•, 8 35, 10 18, bll 20, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 2 42,4 46, 6 28, 7 20, &459 8, p.k. Sundays 8 43, 6 0 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. , "t'.. Chester-7 34, 8 17, 95, 10 23, 11 30, a.m. 12 40, 12 55,1 40, 430, 3 19, 4 22, 5 6, 6 4, 7 54, 10 20, 11 35 • p.m. Sundays 844. 10 35 a.m. 7 45,11 35 p.m. ' Collins Green-7 5. 85, 8 25, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. , 1225, 245. 345. 815, 637, 78, 740, 925, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 P•tn• • Daresbury-7 36, 9.5a.m. 12 30, 230,3 19, 5 6, 6 44, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. 't Dunham 11111-7 36, 9 5 a,ra. 1230. 2 30, 3 19, t 64,7 44 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 7 5, 8 5. S 2,5, 8 35. 9 25, 10 10, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45, 345, 350,513, 6 37, 78, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23. 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 46, 8 35, 843 a.m. iu• 5 10, 6 0, 7 57, 9 54 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, ' 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodshnm-7 34, 9 5 10 23 10 30. a.m. 12 55 2 30, 3 19.4 22, 56, 6 4,7 54, 10 20, all 35 p.m. Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75. 835, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 p.n. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 1230, 2 30, 3 19, 56, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam,Cadishead-7 0,7 508 8, 9 3 a.m. 22, 4 58, 730, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 "- a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, 48130, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-a4 40, 535,7 5,8 2, 8 50,9 20, 9 50, 10 30, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0, 12 50, 1 10, 1 50, 27. 2 50, 3 13, 3 50, 3 56, 45, 4 10. 4 50, 5 50, 5 57, 6 50, 7 5, ' 7 50, 80, 8 50, 855 9 40, clO 0, 10 35, blO 37, bll 10, 11 30, 11 39 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted. Sundays 4 40, 5 35, 9 0,9 45, 9 55,11 20 it.m.l 40 2 20 2 39,4 48, 6 0, 7 10,8 28, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m.' Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, a 5 25, 75, 85, 8 23, 8 25, 9 25, 10 9,10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 1 55, 2 45, 3 20, 3 45, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 78, 7 40, b 8 0, 9 25, blO 0, 10 30, bll 30 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays, 4 51, 5 30, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 5 10, 60. 80, 954 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55. 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35' 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, 8830, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and, N.-W)-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, 75, 85, 825. 835, 919. 925, 1040, 10 55 a.m. 12 18, 1 15, 2 34, 245. 331, 426, 510, 553 6 20, 6 33, 7 20, 86. 9 22, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 456, 746 a.m. 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 3 p.m. Manchester (C.L.C.)-56 55, 7 0, 7 50, 8 8, 8 55. 93,9 55 10 55, 1122. 11 55 a.m. 1255, 155, 22, 2 55, 3 5:5, 4 55, 4 58, 5 55. 6 55, 7 10, 7 55, 8 35, 855, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 845 9 37, 10 18, 11 32 a.m 30, 3 15, 4 56, 50, 7 18, 8 55, 9 15,9 25, 930. 10 0 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 1020, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 255, a 3 35, 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 56,b4 45,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 35, 919,9 25,10 10,10 40,10 55, 11 55, a.m. 12 18,12 25, 115,150.245,331, 350,426,450, 5 15, 6 33. 7 20, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 Pp.m. Sundays 2 56,7 46, 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 93, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mondays only. Padgate-7 0, 7 50, 88, 8 33, 9 35, 10 35,11 22 a.m. 1218.1.41,25,355,458,533,65,710,835, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 35 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 320, 347, 5 15,6 17, 8 0, 10 0 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 82,95,10 0, 11 5 a.m. 120, bl 0, al 8, 25, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 28, 75, 80, 90, blO 0, alo 37, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 22 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 240, 8 0 p.m. St. Helens (L. & N..W.)-7.5, 8.25. 10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.53,2.45,3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, 7.40, 8.0. 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6,0, 8.0, 0.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 8 35, n 9.36, 10.25, 11.2, a.m.' 1.27, 3.18,4 10, 53, b 6.20, 6 30, 7.40, 80, 9.0, 10.35, Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6, 9.7, p.m. 'Mondays, wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. aaiTil.lelwall=6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53, a 8 3 1,2,.,33 111 9 '2O 335, 49, 515. 610, 725, a Saat'n"rd4s P.m. Sundays'' 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. Wigar,3,3":3 only Arpley Station. 10 55 1 ' and N.-W.)-5 22," 530, 75, 835, 9 58, 6 28, 7 20 1 42 rr s 11 aa a.m. 115, 1 50, 3 50, 4 46, 5 15, 3 35, 6 0,1:18515, 98, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. Widnes (c,itm• al 0, blB 2 5 .C.)-7 5, 95, 10 0. 11 5 a.m. 12 0, alo 0, blO 37 , 3 23, 4 10, 528, 6 28, 7 5, 8 0, 90, excepted. Pan'a Saturdays only, b Saturdays

===== 0002601_19060721_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton 11idge-6 32,7 40, 54, 10 57 am. 12 19, n 249, 355, 4 41, 7 20, 8 28. Sundays 759 am. a NVednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool(L. & N.-1/V.)-7 55,8 25, 9 8, 10 7,10 22 a.m. 1.20, 2.5, 458, 530, 6 50, 8 25, b 9 10, 105 a.m. Sundays 6 45a m. 1 15, 4 53, 8 25 1015,p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. dr, N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 9 50, 11 '25, 11 40, a.m. 1 40,2 25, 4 27, 5 20, 70, 8 45, 10 0,1050 p.m. Sundays 72 a.m. 137,58, 745 p.m. Chester-2 25, b 4 20,7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 20, 2 10, 30, 3 50, 5 18, 5 23, 6 30, 735, 8 10, 850 p.m. Sundays 2 25; 4 20, 630 a.m. 6 55, 835 p.m. b Mondays excepted. Collins Green-6 40, 79, 845, 1024, 11 23 2.M. 1245, 2 10, 3 5, 4 1, 5 38, 6 42, 7 47, 9 6, alo 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Daresbury-8 11, 1017, 11 18 a.m. 249,62, 843 p.m. Sundays 720 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 5 35, 6 47, 822 p.m. Sundays 643 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2, 7 13, 847, 8 50. 9 15. 9 45, 10 26, 10 28, 11 26 a.m. 1238. 1 14, 2 13, 3 27, 5 10, 543, 5 52, 6 55, 7 33, 88, 910, 934, al 0 36, 1047, all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, p 57, 10 3 a.m. 345,724,102 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 9, 853, 942, 10 45 t 12 3, al2 57, 2 4. 3 27, 54, 62, 6 53, 9 14 p.m. -4111 days 822 a.m. 2 57,8.2 p.m. a Satin days only. Frodiihatu-7 54, 90, 10 1. 111, a.m. 251, 4 11, 5 41' 6 59, . Snarlay 72, a.m. 724 p.M. Golhorne-6'44, 8 23, 10 12.a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 4 31, 5 30' 7 15, 9 21, 10 49, a.m. Sunds 940 a.m. 7 5 p.m. - RelsbY-7 46, 8 56, 0 37, 10 57 a.m. 2 27, 47, 5 40, 6 54, 827, p.m. Sunday 658,, a.m. 7'lB, P.m. Liam and Cadishead-6 19, 6 48, 7 33, 9 53, a.m. 1 7,4 54.6 54. 855, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 9 21, 11 0, a.m. 1 20,2 22.655, 8 50, 100 p.m. Latchford-7 55. 8 40, 9 22, 10 2, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13. 30, 338, 426, b 539, 67, 649, 739, 9 52, cll 32 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, aG 30, 7 20, 7 40, 8 20, 830, 8 35, 8 43, 0 30, 9 33, 10 30. 11 5, 11 30, 11 33 a.m. 12 30, 12 30, 10, 130, 153, 150, 230, 240, 243, -15, 4 30, 433, 4 43, 5 no. 5 36, 6 2,0, 635, 730, 735, 8 30, 933, 8 40, 930, blO5O, 110, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only Sundays. 7 50, 90, 10 55, 11 15 a.m. 2 20, 3 20 p.m. Liverpool (L. Sr N;-W.)-2 35, 6 0, G 10, 8 10, 8 35,1 95, 9 30, 9 55. 11 0 a.m. 1221.115,130.245,30, 3 35, 4 20. 4 30, 5 10, 10, 75, 25. 830, 00, blO 5, 1045, bll 15 p.m. a Mondsys onV. b Saturdays only.Sandays 7 35,9 20 a.ra.2 10, 6 30,7 15.1043 p.m. Lyrum-7 49,8 32,9 14.9 51,11 33. m. 111, al 17, 25, 2 50, 2 30, 4 18, b 5 31, 5 59, 6 41, 7 31, 9 43, 11 21 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Sundays 815 a.m. 2 25. 715 p.m. Manchester (Central)-6 0, 6 30, 7 30, 830, a 95, 930, 9 nn, 105, 1030, 10 25, 11 2.0 a.m. 1230, 1250, 1 20, 230, 3 20, 3 45, 4 20. 4 35' 5 30, b 6 0, 6 30, 6 35, 7 10,7 30, 830, 825. 9 20, 1015, alo 50, 11 0 p.m. Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepred. Sundays 8 30, 9 5, 9 23,9 30,10 40 a.m. 1 40, 2 0.2 5, 5 40,6 35, 20, 9 40 p.m. Manchester (1,. and N.-NV.)-7 5, 7 50, 9 25, 10 30, a.m. 12 20, 15,2 0, 2 55, 3 40, 50, 520, 65, 655, 95, 1050, p.m. Sundays 750. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. Moore-6 56, 96, 11 9 a.m. 12 32, a 3 1, 4 8,4 55, 733 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 458 p.m, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only.

Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 07, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 12 35. n 1 5. al2B, 144, 37, 4 43, 55, 538, 549,6 27.7 304 85, 931, 10 3, 11 4, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 100 a.m. 3 40, 7 20, 11 7 p a'Saturdaya only. Padtrate-0 30. 058, 7 55,8 29,90, 10_3 a.m. 1 20, 20. 5 5, G 18, 6 37.7 5, 8 26. 9 6, 11 32 p.m. Sundays 852, it 16 a.m. 233,9 12 19 14 p.m. Runcorn-55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14, 3 7.440,3 41, G 30,8 10. 10 10 p.m. Sankey-a 0, 8 27, 9 37, 10 19, 10 55 a.m. 12 36, 1 32, 1 40, 2 35, 3 43, 4 35, 5 26. 5 36. 6 25, 725. 82S, 932, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 48,9 29 Pan.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Sanl:ey Bridges—' 53,6 c, 7 2, 13 p.:11

13, fl 45 i.m.. 127, 28, 331 6,..michiy.r, 8 26 a..m. 3 1,. 8 6

6

p.m. Si. Helens (f.,. & N.-',V.)-6 20, 6 30, 55, 80, 830,90. 1110, 120 a. in, 10.1 32, 1 55. 2 45' 2 50, 4 27, -1 33, 5,25. 6 2,./. 6 33. 723. S5O, l'' 25, a 1045, all 35 p.m. Sundays 74:, 750 a.m. 23, 655, 7 25, a Saturdays Only. Southport-8 0, 95, 10 15, 10 40, 12 25, 1 40, 2 45, 4 5, 4 10, 5 25,7 30,8 5,a9 5, 10 o.Snadays 9 0,20, 80, aMondays, ‘Vednesdays and Saturdays only. Thelwall-7 51, 8 36, 8 18, 9 58, 1,1 7' w.m. 1 15, al 41, 2 9, 2 55' 3 34, 422 b 5, 35,6 3. 6 45, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 . p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. 2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. 0 Saturdays excepted. _ . _ _

. Wigan (ii. and N.-W.)-s2 .19, ka 10, 633, 8 IS, 917 954, 100, 11 38 a.m. 125. 128, 2 30, 327, 4 20, 1 56. 520 6 55, 75, 910, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 35, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. Widnes (C.C.)-8 17, 9 25, 109, 10 45 a.m. 12 4, 12 25, 1 20, 2 25, 3 31, 4 23, 5 15, 6 15, 7 15, 8 20, 922 all 10 p.m. a Satuidays only. Widnes (L. and N.-W.)--7 2, 8 45, 9 34, 10 39, 11 55 a.m. 1252, 1 57,13 20, 3 58, 455, 555,650,96, 11 6 p.m. Sundays 814 a.m. 250, 7 54, 11 6 p.m.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY.

Donation to the Infirmary.

The half-yearly meeting of the Warrington Co- operative Society was held in the Co-operative Hall, Cairo-street, on Monday evening under the presidency of Mr. T. Critchley. There was a good attendance.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
ILLNESS OF THE SECRETARY.

The CHAIRMAN expressed regret that their secretary (Mr. Rathbone) had been unwell for some weeks and was unable to attend the meeting. He trusted that with care and attention Mr. Rathbone would soon be restored to health and take his usual position amongst them. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19060721_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE_ MR. ROBERT COOK.

The CHAIRMAN said that since their last -imeeting they had lost an old friend of co-operation in the person of Mr. Robert Cook who was one of the founders of the movement in Warrington. He had been a member of the committee for upwards of forty years and he (the chairman) believed be was the oldest member on the register at the time of his death. He had taken the deepest interest in the society from its formation. The meeting passed a vote of condolence with the family.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SOCIETY'S PROGRESS.

The CHAIRMAN said that at the'isTi"-Zeeting it was I suggested that the committee should adopt some plan whereby members might be better educated in co-opera- ' tive principles and also that the advisability of extend- ing the tailoring department should be considered. The committee had decided that the present was not a suitable time to have meetings ,of any description indoors but they hoped during the ensuing quarter to formulate a scheme to provide gatherings for i entertainment and instruction n the winter. With regard to the tailoring department, a deputation had been formed to visit several societies with the object of ascertaining all the information they could before taking any definite steps. The committee had pleasure in presenting another very satisfactory balance sheet, showing that the sales had gone up considerably during the quarter. The amount was £40,343, being £1,024 Cs. 2d. in advance of last quarter and £2,309 65.7 d. more than the corresponding quarter of last year. In fact, it was a record quarter and they had every reason to con- gratulate themselves on the splendid progress they were making in Warrington.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REPORT.

The commit tee reported that the sales for the quarter amounted to £40,343 3s, 2d., showing an increase of £1,024 6s. 2d. over the last quarter and £2,309 6s. 7d. over the corresponding quarter of last year. The branch shops in Knutsford-road were opened for business on April 17th, with sales for the first full week amounting to £267 15s. ; the total for the seven weeks was £1,897 Is. Bd. The whole of this amount did not represent. new business, as more than two thirds of the trade was previously done at the Central. No expense had been spared in the equipment of the shops in anticipation of a considerable increase in the trade.

The report was adopted. THE INFIRMARY EXTENSION.

At 'a meeting of the committee a circular was read from the Board of the Infirmary pointing out the con- gested condition of the wards which had necessitated an appeal to the public for funds to enable an extension to be carried out. After full consideration it was resolved that the matter be left to the quarterly meet- ing for decision. The CHAIRMAN said the committee were in favour of a grant of £5O and, if necessity arose, they could con- sider the matter of an additional donation in a year or two. They however, left the question entirely with the members of the society. Mr. W. HAIGH said that although most of the members of the society subscribed to the Infirmary through various sources, he thought it was their duty to do something as co-operators. He himself thought £5O too small for a society like that to give but he would leave the matter with the meeting. A MEMBER remarked that considering that the workingmen contributed very liberally to the Infirmary in church and works collections and in other ways, he thought the committee were making too great a call upon them. . _ _

'The CHAIRMAN said that bearing in mind the support which workingmen extended to the Infirmary the com- mittee thought it would be out of place to suggest a large amount. , Mr. CROWTHER moved that the Society should give £5O. . .

Mr. TROW seconded and said the meeting ought not to be too lavish with money that did not belong to them. The motion was unanimously carried. ELECTION OE COMMITTEE MEN. The meeting was called upon to elect three committee men. The retiring members were Messrs. Williams, Wadsworth, and Hibbert and they were all nominated along with Mr. Rushton. After some discussion a vote was taken and Messrs. Rushton, Hibbert and Wadsworth were elected.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION FOOTBALL.

An important meeting of the Lancashire County Union Committee was held at the Grosvenor Hotel Manchester, on Tuesday evening. . . .

The officials for the ensuing 34;ar were appointed as follows :—President, Mr. Robert Coltinge (Rochdale) ; vice-president, Mr. J. Parker (Barrow) ; hon. treasurer, Mr. J. H. Houghton (St. Helens) ; and hon. secretary, Mr. Joseph Platt (Oldham). Mr. H. M. Forrest (Liver- pool City), and Mr. J. Parker (Barrow) were elected to fill the two vacant seats on the committee. It was decided to play next season's Lancashire and Yorkshire match on the ground of the Salford Football Club at Weaste. The draw for the first round of the Lancashire Senior Cup was made as follows :—St. Helens v. Oldham ; Morecambe v. Barrow ; Widnes v. Runcorn • Warring- ton v. Leigh • Salford v. Wigan ; Liverpool City V. Broughton &Inger:, ; Swinton and Rochdale Hornets, byes. To be played on the grounds of the clubs first named on October 13. It was decided to invite applications for a Cup Com- petition to be competed for by Cheshire Clubs on the usual knock-out principle. It was also resolved to endeavour to promote a similar competition for North Lancashire clubs, who are invited to send in applica- tions.

At a meeting of the Management Committee of the Northern Rugby League Mr. Platt was re-elected presi- dent, while the remaining positions were tilled thus : Vice-president, Mr. P. Lister (Bradford) ; hon. treasurer, Mr. J. Nicholl (Halifax) ; and hon. secretary, Mr. J. H. Houghton (St. Helens).

===== 0002601_19060721_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLF

MID-CHESHIRE v. WARRINGTON.—The return match between these teams was played on the course of the former at Winnington, Northwich, on Saturday. Score : WARRINGTON. MID-CHESHIRE. Dr. Peacocke J. Dodd 0 A. K. Thompson I F. Waring 0 A. J. Thompson 1 J. M. Murray G. G. Ainsworth 0 Captain Thompson ... 1 H. H. Evans 1 C. F. Houston 0 C. H. Unsworth G. Roberts P. Pendlehury

'S .CURED IN SIX BY

HEATH'S MAGNET CORN CURE.

FAILURES NEVER OCCUR. NO PAIN. Ask for REATH'S MAGNET CORN CURE:— an Invention that has never failed in a single 4a nstance : a triumph In painless and rapid corn aael`.. curing, Price ; a doable quantity 1/_,- •••ho ' sold by all Chemists, or post free from FIEA'TH m RCM., 27; Blaakfrlars Bridge, Manchester.

tyant BY THE CLUBMAN. The "Open Road" in Italy.

Two ladies carried out a tour on bicycles in Italy, starting from Florence, equipped with cameras, a picnic tea basket, and their personal luggage carried in light knapsacks. A charmingly written account of their experiences in the current C.T.C. Gazette' concludes as follows: "The jour- ney had not been marked by thrilling incident, but by simple living joys—the joys of the open road.' The sweet taste of freedom and adventure, the joyful feeling at early morning with a new day's journey to accomplish, and a bright day beckoning, the wild elation of spirits when spinning down those winding mountain roads, fringed with tall cypresses, to revel in the sunny plains below, the sense of luxurious ease when stretched at full length beneath the olive trees, the taste of the red Chianti after a parching morning's ride, those little wayside picnics, the sound of the drovers' cries— these are some of the joys of the ' open road' in Italy, and joys 'hot easily to be forgotten."

The Edinburgh Cyclists' Fancy Dress Parade, which took place in June, has resulted in the dis- tribution of over £l5B to various charities in the Scottish capital. The services of 596 collectors were secured, and a sum of £213 odd gathered from the crowds. The expenses of the parade amounted to £55, although the prizes awarded for the best dresses were presented by various donors. The Brst prize winner represented Robinson Crust:* clad in skins, with monkey, parrot, and goat com- plete, accompanied by his faithful aStendanit Frida7

'

. , ) * -: : a ili•W - .4.241. • 1 ' 1, ' 1,491 i W 41k;* , \:. \ I 1,-4 ktossip g t

, .0. ‘ 0 44 / A lrailli?" f.: A r itk. t, iiip is 171 ' 4 -"'‘N It ' V itfio,4l,) '47' ?lit'iv.4-t":4l'' r 4 U_ ..„...,a_.=. ; ._.,.._ A Successful Cyclists' Carnival

ty. g , ... , .. - 44 , 4;rifr -I/ _ , imr*---.1 1 ily-t_it)Tifillizatc -11,1 m... IMILVNI-101.‘i:1*. ' . . ..... -_. --,......c i-ii:, -....;=0...........-sze.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
, The Watered Tram Line.

The Company concerned in the lamentable ruts- away tramcar accident at Highgate some weeks ago appears to have furnished a demonstration of the dangers of the watered tram line in a totally unexpected fashion. It seems that the commoi practice of watering the grooved rails had been indulged in on the day of the catastrophe. Many cyclists bad experienced side-slips that very after- noon, and the application of the brakes on the electric car merely converted it into a sledge, sliding by gravity down an incline on rails coated *with a paste lubricant. - . _

On a-Saturday and Sunday at the spot where the accident took place cyclists pass at the rate of more than 1,000 per hour. Every one of these individually is frequently exposed to considerable danger from the excessive watering of the lines, causing side-slip, which may at any moment hurl the incautious rider beneath the wheels of swift travelling traffic. Hitherto the appeals of cyclists for the watering of tram-lines in London to be restrained within reasonable limits have had but little effect. It is to be hoped that this lamentable accident will have the effect of drawing better attention to our reasonable request. In this respect London is far behind many provincial towns this writer has recently visited, where the watering of the tram. rails has been superseded by the use of a wire brush between the wheels, which keeps the rails absolutely clean without watering, and in addition It is impossible for slipping to occur either to ow/Ilia sr g19.7`

===== 0002601_19060721_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
%P. "i"...,t4".e Oh, 4a .4'4" Of' AN .tv

* CYCLES THAT, STAIN BIG TESTS

I--, ~,- -44,0 <l,

'

===== 0002601_19060721_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
'`JEWEL" CRAPH-O-PHO

A really high-class instmment at the moderate

- price of .C 4 4s. Among other up-to-date improvements, it has SPIRAL SPRING LYRIC REPRODUCER. STRONG TANDEM-SPRING MOTOR._

ARTISTIC TONEIMPROVING'''''' HORN. " Leaflet 20" gives some idea of its truly exceptional value. Write for it today to Columbia Phonograph Co., Gera, LONDON. flo, Gt. Eastern St., E.C. 200, Oxford St.,W• GLASGOW a Union St. CARDIFF St. Mary St. MANCHESTER : 54, Market St.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
DIRECT. DIRECT. DIRECT. DIRF_CT ao A SINGLE PAM OF WAR'..rlOll MEN'S BOOTS WEARER UV POST Without Middle Profit.

Have you ever thought what large profit must be trade on till Boots soul in some retail chops to upheld such elaborate establish. ments ? And Who Pays for it ?":\

But by direct dealing with the Warehouse all that is altered, for having no show to uphold the buyer gets that benefit. To fully tost this statement, send for a pair of THE POSTAL ROOT COMPANY'S sew range of Boots in Kid Leg Calf-split Golosh Eats. at 7s. 6d.. or Real Box Calf Bale, at Bs. 3d. and 9s. 6d., Open Tab, 9s. 9(1., or Real Derby at tos., in which sttength and ease is skilfully combined with style. These Boots are made in all Sizes and Fittings front 6 to it, and to be had only, on receipt of Postal Order, front Messrs. GaRNEI? & COMPaNY. POSTAL BOOT DEPOT, 104 a, Adnitt Rd., Northampton. In ordering please state if Narrow, Medium, or Wide Toes are required. ,

===== 0002601_19060721_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
19/6 TAILOR-MADE COSTUMES.

„,,. I In the fashionable CREAM SURGE and LIGHT GREY TWEEDS now being worn. i f In cut, 'segue or semi-sacque coat, aide pockets, lap seams, and inverted pleated skirt. I nicely atltchei throughout. Also SKIRTS at 7/11. ' .1,..,,, - Carriage free. Cash returned if not approved. ..."0 - W. PERCY. MANUFACTURER. .:10,:i. , ..-,,f.4 56. GARTHORNE ROAD, FOREST HILL, ' , r,:. ' LONDON.

T FREE 1 3'6 SMART SILK Finished LAWN BLOUSE. ICE; egereeiTli Lacet lFdet drtteksTvetew: a:c: kt:3, paced with Lace in t ins, C•kv, Nil. 131 c. & 1/ . gre• tiond 3/6, oney rein! ned if not approved in 4 APOLLO co. 37 Tbeberton St., Is:ington, N.

pos < • ; 40: •,t‘,.;• ssa 43,4-o't -tz'A , •`A-- • ••::„.;>•,4s

===== 0002601_19060721_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
40.7^1,,,-. 7^, L-: _

===== 0002601_19060721_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTANT

ELIEF, RAPID CURE.

ov, GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

"QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS ! ! " Mona Cottages, Coalville, Leicestershire, June 4th, 1904. Dear Sir,—l thank you for the good I have received from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two months ago and tried almost everything, but got no better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that AFTER TARING THEM FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CURED I was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs Being a miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks to your Pills I have never felt the least pain since. I recommend them to everybody myself. Yours gratefully, JAMES WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent maewf tap;3o2r, Edo. Os w. ebri the a London. The' DLIL ,

EUMATIC PILLS.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., " EXAMINER " OFFICE.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWSEY-ST., WARRINGTON.

LETTH RP RE SS PIUNTINe

FETES,

===== 0002601_19060721_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
TEA PARTIES

SERMONS MEETINGS &c., &c

PROMPT DELIVERY, PRICES REASONABLE,

AUCTIONBBEIS CATALOGUBS.

ARTICLES OP ASSOCIATION. REPORTS AND BALANCR-SHEETS, PAMPHLETS, TRADE CATALOGUES,

===== 0002601_19060721_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
AND GENNRAL PRINTINCI

pvorcEs, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern on Wue, white, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed tram plate or type.

fiIRCLAIIS in the neatest style. from modern 1 1 type. and of the. best workmanship.

p ROQfIAMjE for Itntertaintn•-nt , Concerts ac.. in the latest artietie style.

QPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

Sl"' RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIP- lON BOOBS Printed. Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

ANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap itbd effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, E' el-vices of Song. Festivals. dre.

eATALOGUE'7 fur Public and Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradestnen.

pmcp: LISPS Printed on card or paper trated, If required.

EVERY DESCRIPTION CP PRINTING TRADSSMItN, MANUFACTURERS, PROF3SSIONAL GRNTLRMEN. AND OTHERS. aIRNIORANDA AND AIiTICLE OF ASSOCIATION TRUST DEEDS AND SIiARB CERTIFICATBS EXECUTFD AT SHOAT :NOTICES.

II

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES PRIMING. OF EVERY DESCRIPTION IN ALL ITS BRANCHF:.I. DANCES: CONCIaIs. BAZAAR. VERTINGS, SPORTS. SERVICES, TEA PAIiTIF.S. ANNOUNCEMENTS. Attention le tvitd to or NON' FOIINIS OF TYPE itc d WOOD I IiTT/tit for 1./Irge FOstere. FOR ALL 'ONUS OF NEAT POSTERS EXTRA LARGE SIZE, eo x 60 One .Sheet. joiIN ALR f( CO3 "EXAMIINER" OFFICE, WAERiMiToN

, r 0 - - N 7 I ELEPHONIC NO. oaa I. •

.;; ,

I

I

I

41; • :

~ I

===== 0002601_19060721_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRAMMES

CONCERTS SOIREES BALLS

===== 0002601_19060721_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
f.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060721_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„- . , •

===== 0002601_19060721_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

_ Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
Light Wanted at Sankey and Penketh.

7 Sir,—Can you tell me if gas-lamps are looked upon as I being only necessary in the winter-time at Sankey and Penketh ? I have noticed lately that there is absolutely no light at all on the road from the White Lead Works to Penketh village. Some of the nights have been as dark as " a wolf's throat," and residents have a right to expect their local representatives to see that the £lOOOl is &spelled for the benefit of an enlightened (sic) com- munity. The Liverpool-road has long had an unenvi- able reputation at night-time, and at present it is not the sort of place one would care to let ladies traverse in the; inky darkness that prevails. There are gas- lamps, but they remain unlit, merely adding to the dangers of the road for pedestrians. Perhaps there is supposed to be a moon! Our parish Councillors had better realise that we want something better than moonshine from them !—Yours etc., FOOTPAD.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
" The New Conscription Scare."

Sir.—Your leader in the issue of July 11th is con- temptible. A paper which talks of treason in con- nection with a most chivalrous general who has served his country for fifty years with a true devotion is doing its level best to aleniate all patriotic people from the Liberal party. Truly if the gospel of liberty and publicity being the one road to national salvation, is going to create a land where gallant deeds and honour for brave men are alike unknown, then indeed is our much vaunted liberty a poor affair,our publicity in need of being muzzled. What do you blame Lord Roberts for? For disclos- ing the weakness of our defences to our enemies! Do you fondly imagine that the German or the French Governments have never read the report of the Norfolk Commission? Do you innocently believe that foreign nations never send emissaries to spy out the land, to report that so little trained are the Volunteers that disciplined foes will mow them down like grass? You call this treason? I will tell you what treason is—to keep silent when you know that by speaking out you may avert a national calamity. You reply : Lord Roberts was Commander-in-Chief, why dicrnot he put the things to rights during his three years of office? The answer is surely obvious; he could do but little because the only solution is universal training (you call it conscription, for party purposes). As long as he was on the active list he was debarred from speaking publicly. Immediately he is free, he comes forward despite his many years, despite his wel known title to rest on his laurels, and tells the people to wake up, rouse themselves and put their house in order before it be too late. _ _ _

You blame him for speaking before Mr. Haldane I disclosed his programme. On the face of it there would seem to be some grounds for your complaint. When however we reflect that from previous utterances it was certain that the war minister was going not only to shirk but to fail to point out the true solution, it is quite evident that the noble Earl was justified, indeed was only acting patriotically in helping to pave the way by speaking out with all the weight of his vast experience in favour of a national army. It would make this letter too long to enter into the question of compulsory -versus voluntary training. It has been argued already in your columns,land I do not doubt that a very large number of your readers are con- vinced that the true system of a citizen force is one where each man does his torn. _

This letter is written to protest against the language in your leader and to show how unjust are the taunts which you hurl at the head of a gallant gentleman.— Yours etc.,

G. R. CROSFIELD.

Volunteer Quarters, July 16th, 1906.

3. That it has never provided the necessary power of expansion in time of war. 4. That it is the most costly and extravagant system in the world, and cannot fail to become more so in spite of temporary reductions. 5. That it is even more costly than appears from the estimates since there is a greater wastage in death, disease and desertion than in any other army in the world. At the present moment the Regulary Army is 17,000, the Militia 37,000, and the Volunteers 102,000 short of I the numbers voted by Parliament. The auxiliary forces ; have been declared by the highest authorities to be i incapable of meeting regular troops and, as the Duke of Norfolk pointed out in the House of Lords in June, I 1904, the breakdown has been due "essentially to the nature of the voluntary system itself, which makes it impossible to demand a reasonable standard of efficiency without greatly reducing the forces." What, we may ask, are the mysterious qualities which I are supposed to enable the British people alone among I the nations of the world to prepare themselves for the business of war on the pleasant, happy-go-lucky lines suggested by Mr. Haldane while other nations have found, as Mr. Arnold Forster pointed out, that they I can only do so by the sacrifice of time, effort, and money. On the other hand, what grounds are there for the statement that "compulsion would be of no avail "to provide the powers of expansion outside the limit of the regular forces? Such assertions, and wild figures as to the cost of military service, may please the groundlings, but they I are directly contradicted by experience, which shows that universal military training is the only system I which, in ancient and modern times alike, has provided powers of expansion and a solid basis of national de- fence for all civilised countries, and that it has done so at a reasonable cost. I Mr. Haldane is no doubt obliged by the exigencies of his position to make one last effort to bolster up a system, which under all fine phrases, hides national selfishness, military inefficiency and the risk of grave disaster. But the historian who records his failure will lassuredly deplore the strange arithmetic and the catch- ! word phrases which prevent the nation from listening to Lord Roberts' and Lord Milner's statemanlike advocacy of the doctrine that a great nation should rely" br its own defence and the defence of its position on its whole manhood and not on a limited professsonal class," and the warning that "in the long run the people who are prepared to undergo the trouble and face the danger of personal service will outstrip not only in war but also in the competitions of peace ' the peoples who fail to realise their responsibilities. , —Yours &c. GEORGE SHEE, secretary. I The National Service League, 72, Victoria st., S.W. I 14th July, 1906.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
The Friends' Meeting House and Burying Place at Penketh.

Sir,—On the lovely evening of a lovely day in June I had the privilege of spending a" winged hour" in the precincts of the Friends' Meeting House and Burying Place at Penketh. The westering sun was slowly bringing his accustomed round to a close in a cloudland toned and tinted with his farewell glories, while the Meeting House and the graves around it reflected their lovely glow. It was a peaceful hour in a peace. inspiring spot. The Meeting House is a plain, substantial structure of red bricks, and its walls bear signs that they have borne the sunshine and the storms of many years. The stained glass windows and other devices for ornament which one sees in other places of worship were entirely absent here. Indeed nothing could be more severely plain and simple than the whole exterior of the building. And the same simplicity and lack of show distinguished the iaterior too. As believers in Him who is a spirit and can only be acceptably worshipped in spirit and in truth, the Friends have no need for aids to their devotion in paintings, music, and a "dim religious light." And in beautiful keeping with their humble House is the Friends way of public worship. No bell calls them together ; they have no paid official to say or read prayer for them; no choristers and no soloists. Theirs is a silent wait upon God whose spirit alone can move the soul to true devotion, and inspire the inward breathings for light and guidance which the hearer of prayer will graciously answer if in accordance with His xvill. _

.. _ • Prayer is the sours sincere desire, Uttered or unexpressed; The motion of a hidden fire, Which trembles in the breast.—Montgomery. Looking round on the burying-place now arrayed in all the loveliness of the English sunset hour I thought what an appropriate spot it was for "the sleep which knows no waking until the heavens be no more." Far away from the sins and sorrows of congested and struggling human life, and almost alone with nature, here surely " the wicked cease from troubling and the weary are at rest." And here, too, it was touching to observe that the same simplicity and humility which mark the friends in their life and worship accompanied them in their death also. The desire for effect and the incongruity observable in some other places of sepul- ture are unknown here. Each body has a grave to itself, and the eraves are arranged in rows, each one covered with a tiny mound of earth, with a small stone at the bead recording the birth and death of the sleeper below. Erelong, with kindred sleeping In shades the Saviour blest; Safe in His gracious keeping, Our weary frame shall rest. That sleep shall know no waking Through dreams of pain or care ; Nor strife, not tumult breaking, Disturb the silence there.—Clindinning. Simplicity of life, or worship, and of burial are beautiful and distinguishing features of the Society of Friends, and spring from a desire to follow, as nearly as possible, in the footsteps of our great" Examplar" who was "meek and lowly in heart." Pomp and ceremony, and the assumption of titles in connection with Christianity are altogether inconsist- The Wirral and Birk?nhesd Agricultural Society's ent with the lowly and self-denying nature of the Gospel of Christ. The Lord Himself, in His life, sixty-fourth annual show was held on Wednesday ruld Thursday, on the permanent enclosure at Bebington. teaching and surroundings, was the humblest of men Although the entries exceed by over 1,300 those of last nd the Apostles considered themselves highly honoured ' ' year mostly through additions to dogs, poultry, and e • . ~eo the fact that there are 30 horses less must 0 in heirs,' permitted to share his humility and sufferings, ic3al' some regret. The explanation is that the show Indeed use pigeons, the whole tenor and design of the Gospel is to clashes with three similar exhibitions. This is the only wean men's thoughts and affections from the transitory things of the world, from its pleasures and ambitions, regrettable circumstance in the matter of entries. Otherwise the society are justified in congratulating that they may be fixed upon God in Whom alone true and lasting joys are to be found.—Yours truly, themselves on the character of their show. The total i , entries are the highest since 1902, and on the score of ni:lN''' ! merit it outdistances any of its predecessors. The show ! of horses well sustains its reputation for its exhibition of shire horses. Some of the classes may not be as Mr. Haldane's Army Scheme. , large as formerly, but the quality is of the hidest ' grate. What gratified many people was the fact that Sir,—Once more a Secretary of State for War has Mr. J. Gould, a tenant farmer of Lymm, was such a admitted that "the state of olr national forces is highly prominent prize-winner. His three shire mares were unsatisfactory" and—using almost the same words as pronounced by the judges as the finest specimens of his predecessor—that we have "an extravagant, costly, " their kind, and they questioned if any stud in the king- ill-organised Army. Once more the attempt is made dons could show a better type of animal. With his to patch rip, by a new expedient, the voluntary system mare Lymm Blossom Mr. Gould won the Shire Horse as applied to all branches of the military forces of the Society's gold medal, the .11. W. Kenworthy 30-guinea Crown instead of being reserved for the Regular Army. Once more we have the inevitable appeal for the selfish- Challenge Cup, and the Toogood silver medal. The 1 same exhibitor carried off first honours in the class for ness of the electorate in the high-sounding phrase "The people will not he dragooned into giving military shire stallions foaled in 1901 with Lockinge Truffle, service," and at the same time we are told which also won the George .Harding 50-guinea Chal- lenge Cup for the best shire stallion in the show that "Compulsion would be of no avail to supply the power of expansion " outside the limit of beating the Right Hon. Victor Cavendish's bay, Holker Menestrel H., which was reserved champion at the the regular forces, upon the need of which all are agreed. While proposing to reduce the Regular ; Royal Army by 20,000 men at a time when danger threatens I plas (Open Competition).—Large White Boar, not AvmalonSghsotwt local prize winners were:— .he from more than one quarter, the only provision which Mr. Haldane offers to give powers of expansion is a exceeding twelve months: 3, Sir Gal lert Greenall. Bart. Sow: 1, Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart. Middle White nebulous scheme under which the volunteers are to be allowed 'home rule" and the people are to " train and Boar not exceeding twelve months : Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart (2 and 3). Sow: Sir Gilbert Greenall, organise themselves" under Borough or County Council supervision but—happy thought—" not in such a way as Bart. (1 and special). Sow of'any breed and any age, with her own litter of not less than five pigs : Sir to interfere with their business." Et is on lines such as ! Gilbert Greenall, Bart, these that the Secretary of State for War professes to ! Hoascs : Shires (Open Competition).—Stallion, believe that we shall have a nation and an Empire "organised for its defence in cases of great emergency." foaled in 1905 (open): 3. J. Gould Lymm. Foaled in 1905 (district) : 2, J. Gould. Foaled in 1901 (open Let us clear our minds of cant and ask ourselves for a: 1. j. Gould. Foaled in 1904 (district): 1, J. Gould. moment whether there is any probability that this Geldin wholesale application of the voluntary system is likely g, or Filly, foaled in 1905 (diStrict): J. Gould. Filly, to give us better results in the shape of a nationalfoaled in 1105 (open): J. Gould. Foaled in 1903 (district): J. Gould. Mare, in or before 190 2 foaled in or before reserve of trained men than have been obtained under 19)3 the hundred schemes which have passed before the mind (open): J. Gould. Foaled (district) : J. Gould. Any age with foal at foot of the British public in kaleidoscopic confusion, as each (open): J. Gould (1 and 3). Foal of above Mare of his predecessors has struggled in vain with a system (open) 2, J. Gould- Any age with foal at foot abandoned by every other civilised country as obsolete , (district) : J. Gould (1 and 2). Foal of above Mare and inefficient. (district): J. Gould (2 and 3). Pair of Draught Mares Putting aside all fine phrases about the glorious voluntary system, the plain fact is : or one of each, any age (open) : 2, J. Gould. 1 CArTLE: Kerry (Open Competition). —Bull, calved 1. That it has never given us the numbers required by our needs. in 1905 : Lady Greenall, Warrington. Heifer, calved in 1904 or 1905: Lady Greenall (1 and 2). Cow or 2. That it has never given us forces representative of the physique and morale of the manhood of Heifer, in milk, carved in or before 1903 : Lady Greenall (1 and 2). the nation 1

July, 1900.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
SECONDARY SCHOOL SPORTS.

Successful Festival at Padgate.

The annual sports in connection with the Warrington Secondary School were held on Thursday in the playing field at Padgate. The sports were inaugurated last year and the success which was then achieved was repeated on Thursday. The afternoon, generally, was fine and apprehensions which were occasioned by a shower shortly after the proceedings commenced were quickly dispelled with a burst of glorious sunshine. There was an excellent ring of spectators and great interest was manifested in the various events. Bronze medals were presented to the winners of the respective contests whilst the winning of three races entitled the competitor to a silver medal. At the conclusion of the sports the prizes were distributed by Alderman Bennett amidst cheers. In a preliminary speech the whilst expressing his high appreciation at the efforts of the scholars for physical improvement, hoped they would not lose sight of their more import- ant intellectual studies. _ . .

The following is a list of the prize winners : GIRLS.

Throwing the Cricket Ball.—Seniors, W. Brock ; juniors, M. Ashley. 80 Yards Flat Race.—Seniors, E. Evans ; juniors, M. Baker. 80 Yards Skipping Race.—Seniors, E. Evans; juniors, F. Clarke. 150 Yards Flat Race.—Seniors, E. Evans; juniors, G. Allen. _ _ _

; Three Legged Race.—L. Simcock and D. Denham. Tug-of-War.—Seniors, form 6 a ; juniors, form 111. Hockey Driving.—Seniors, B. England; juniors, Lily 1 Brophy. I Egg and Spoon Race.—Seniors, Annie Jackson; juniors, B. Dutton. • Hockey Goal.—Seniors, M. Jolley; juniors, D. Denham. Slow Bicycle Race.—Seniors, A. Baker; juniors, A. Bennie. • 1 Hockey Dribbling.—Seniors, E. Evans; juniors, R. 1 Witts. Skipping Mill-a-gate.--Seniors, E. Isaac ; juniors, H. Lister.

—Skipping Competition.—Seniors, E. Swaine ; juniors, ' Lily Brophy. Half-mile Walking Contest.—Seniors, W. Brock. Tennis Tournament.—Bessie England. BOYS. Throwing the Cricket Ball.—Seniors, A. Cragg ; juniors, F. Newbald. 100 Yards Flat Race.—Seniors, E. J. Mee ; juniors, S. Davey. Bicycle Race.—Seniors, W. Collins ; juniors, H. Partridge, 220 Yards Flat Race.—Seniors, E. J. Mee; juniors, C. Chambers, Half-Mile Flat Race.—Seniors, W. Wallington ; juniors, A. Unsworth. Sack Ra..,e.—Seniors, P. Boardman; juniors, S. Davey. Tug-of-War.—Seniors, Ist year Pupil Teachers. Potato Race.—Seniors, R. Rice ; juniors, S. Davey. High Jump.—Seniors, E. J. Mee and J. Whitehouse (HO% juniors. J. Sanders. Long Jump.—Seniors, J. Whitehouse ; juniors, T. Stirrup. Quarter-Mile Flat Race.—Seniors, E.J. Mee; juniors, A. Ainsworth. One Mile Flat Race.—Seniors, J. Jolley ; juniors, A. Ainsworth. One Mile Walk.—Seniors, E. J. Mee ; juniors, A. Ainsworth. The Squadron Flag Race for both boys and girls was won by form a (seniors). form IV (juniors). The shields offered for competition amongst the forms were won by :—seniors, form 6a, with 6 b., V., pupil teachers and scholarship pupil teachers bringing up the rear in the order named; Juniors form IV., with 111.. 11., and 1., in the rear.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
WIRRAL AND BIRKENHEAD SHOW.

Local Prize Winners.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 21, 1906.

BIG BRIDGE SCHEME. Three New Bridges--Suggested in the Borough.

We understand that there is before the Town Council a scheme for providing three bridges over I the Mersey. It is suggested that the bridges should be built by the new ferro-concrete process, and the deputation which was recently appointed to visit other towns where bridges have been so constructed expressed its entire approval of the method. It is proposed that one bridge should be placed across the Mersey near the Stag Bridge at Walton to join up with a new road which, under an agreement I with the Corporation, the owners have undertaken Ito make across Arpley meadows, to terminate at the new bridge over the railway near Bank Quay station. Another proposal is that a new bridge should I be constructed across the Mersey at Howley, with a road leading to it through Victoria Park and also, that instead of altering Warrington Bridge by means of cantilevers, a new 60 feet Bridge should be substituted.. We are informed that it is estimated that the three bridges could be con- structed for less than the estimated cost of constructing the proposed iron bridge, the plan of which was prepared by Mr. J.J. Webster some time ago. The advantage of the ferro-concrete ' system is that the bridges require no annual maintenance, whereas an iron bridge would take at i least £3OO to maintain. Each bridge would have a single span across the river and would not I only give greater headway under the bridge but would lower the crown of the road over it. Bridges of the type suggested are very rapidly con- structed and any one of the three could be put up within three months. The great advantage of a bridge across the river at Walton would be the opening up of Arpley meadows —3OO acres of land I practically in the centre of the town which could be developed for building purposes. At present the hind is of little use owing to the lack of access to it. We understand that a report on the subject will be presented in a short time.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. MARY'S CHURCH TOWER. --- Gifts of Bells Completed.

Townspeople passing St. Mary's Church, Butter market-street, will notice that the erection of the hand- some new tower is progressing rapidly: When com- pleted the tower which is, of course, in the Gothic style of architecture in karmony with the Church itself will be a graceful ornament to a fine building. It has been designed by Mr. Pugin Powell, the well known Liverpool architect, and the building of it has been entrusted to Messrs. Travis and Wevill, Limited, of Liverpool. For about two months the workmen have been busily engaged on the improvement and it is anticipated that the work will be finished in time to allow of the holding of a special dedication service in the earlier part of October. The tower will contain a splendid peal of bells, and the fall number of eight has been subscribed. We are able to give the list of donors as follows :—£l3o bell, a benefactor; £7O bell, a benefactor ; £5l bell will be subscribed locally as a memorial to the late Father Sumner, a former Rector of the Church ; £5O bell, Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P. ; £l3 bell, Mr. R. Shepherd ; £37, a benefactor ; £33 bell, Mr. John Richardson and family ; £3O bell, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Houghton. The bells will be ready for placing in the tower towards the end of September.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. JOHN BURNS AND THE UNEMPLOYED.

Government Grant of £200,000.

MORE WORK UNDER BETTER CONDITIONS.

Mr. John Burns, in the House of Commons yester- day (Thursday \ made the announcement that the Government will give a grant of £200.000, to dis- tress committees next winter to help the workless people. Mr. Burns was speaking on the vote for the Local Government Board on the working of the Unemployed Workmen's Act. His proposals for dealing with the unemployed and the programme of social legislation which he adumbrated met with a large measure of support from the Labour party. His plans in brief are as follows : Two hundred thousand pounds to meet distress next winter to be distributed to Distress Committees. Bill for rural housing, similar to the Irish Labourers Bill. Amendments of the laws dealing with small holdings and allotments. Amendment of the Crofters Acts. Amelioration of the conditions of work of dock labourers. Employment to be found for ex-army, navy, and militia men, Emigration for vagrants.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON CAMES AND ATHLETICS.

(Continued front Page G.)

Cycling. Saturday was a capital day for cycling awl about fourteen members of the Warrington Club turned out for the run to Sandbach. The outing was thoroughly enjoyed, several members staying for the week-end. On Tuesday evening Glazehury was the destination and a pleasant time was spent in playing at howls on the green attached to the Raven Hotel.

Swimming. Warrington have succeeded in taking three points out of South Hill in the Liverpool and District League In the match at Warrington the game ended in a draw whilst on Wednesday Warrington journeyed to the South Hill baths and won by seven goals to five . Ashton was the principal scorer and the majority of Warring. tons goals were placed to his credit.

On Thursday Warrington took a weak team to Burslem and Were beaten by two goals to one. At half time there was no score though \Varrington were hay- ing the best of the argument. In the second half they were however handicapped by the absence of Woolsten- croft who had to leave the baths through cramp, and it was largely through this that they were • beaten.

A junior handicap for a prize offered by Messrs. Tanner Bros., Tanners-lane, was decided in the War- rington baths the first place being secured by P. Chalmers.

The next match will be played at the Baths on Thursday evening, when St. Helens will be the visitors. The result should be a win for Warrington. The second ronnd of the Works Squadron Competition will also be swum aft the same evening. when the following teams will compete :—Crosfields No. 2 v. Corporation, Monks Hall v. Richmonds, Crosfields No.l v. Pearson and Knowles, Fletchers a bye. The meeting of Crosflelds No. v. Pearson and Knowles should provide some good swimming as these teams ore looked upon as the winners of the Competition.

, Local Sheplierdry The Warrington District of the Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds A.U. held its quarterly meeting at the Shepherds by Night Lodge, Temperance Hotel, Lymm, on Saturdqy. Bro. Joseph Mather Prov. Chief Shepherd presided. He was supported by Deputy Prov. Chief Shepherd T. Baskerville, Dis, Treas. Bro. James Parr, Dis. Sec. Bro. Peter Edgar, Dis. Trustees Bros. W. Eckersley and W. Hall, and the Delegates representing the Lodges in the District. The meeting having been duly opened the District Sec. read the accounts for the past quarter, which showed that the funeral claims had been exceptionally heavy. On the whole however, the various funds of the District were in a satisfactory condition and on the auditors (Bros. J. Gresty and T. Miller) having certified their correct- ness the accounts were passed. After the passing of new members the meeting then proceeded to the election of district officers for the year 1900-7. Bro. Baskerville was unanimously elected to the position of Prov. Chief Shepherd. For the office of Deputy Prov. Chief Shepherd there were four candidates nominated, and after a somewhat interesting fight Bro. , Peter L. Edgar was elected to the position. ' During the meeting, P.P.C.S. Bro. Ashton submitted an interesting account of the proceedings of the A.M.C. held at Pontypridd in Whit week, giving an epitome of some of the chief subjects that were dis- cussed. The report was well received by the Brethren and after several members, including Bros. Weir, ! Haley, Mather, Hall, and Parr had favourably com- mented upon it, Bro. Ashton was heartily thanked for ! his services at the A.M.C.—After the installing of the newly-elected officers, the meeting passed a hearty vote of thanks to Bro. J. Mather for his valuable ser- vices during his term of office as Pro. Chief Shepherd

===== 0002601_19060721_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CYCLE PARADE.

FULL PROGRAMME.

Warrington has witnessed many picturesque proces- sions, but the Fancy Dress Parade and Carnival which will be held to-day (Saturday), on behalf of the Infirmary Extension fund promises to eclipse all previous efforts of the kind. Knowing that they are working in a truly noble cause, the promoters have given unsparingly of their time and ability to ensure the complete success of the parade. The Cycling Club, with their usual zeal for such worthy projects, took the lead and have been admirably backed up by a large and thoroughly representative band of workers from other organizations. Every detail has been carefully attended to and the arrangements could not be better. It is confidently affirmed that only fine ' weather is needed to make the parade a record one for Warrington. All taking part in the procession must assemble round the Band-stand in Bank Park by 4.30 and the procession will start promptly at 5 o'clock and traverse the following route : —Sankey-street, Butter- market, Church-street, round the lamp opposite the Parish Church,Church-st., Mersey-st., Bridge-st.,Horse- market-street, Tanners-lane, Froghall-lane, Crosfield- street, Parker-street, Wilson-Patten-street, past the canons, Bridge-street, Rylands-street and Palmyra- square to the Parr Hall. To while away the tedium of waiting a Perrot troupe (consisting of local artistes) will give performances opposite Miss Garven's house, Sankey-street, from three to four o'clock and at Bridge Foot (Mersey-street end) from five to six o'clock. Mr. 11. Ashton is acting as chief marshal of the pro- cession with Mr. E. Morris as hon. secretary of the Marshals' Committee. A motor car will announce the approach of the procession which will be in the following order : SECTION No. 1. Detachment of Police. Ist V.B. South Lancashire Regiment Band. Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and Co.'s contingent of cyclists in costume. Collecting lorry. SECTION No. 2. Marshals : Mr. W. Litton, Mr. G. Finch. Blue Coat School Band. Cyclists (fancy costumes). Borough Fire Brigade. Pre-historic Motor Car. Collecting lorry. SECTION No. 3.

Marshals: Mr. T. P. Throssell, Mr. D.R.Hodge. Padgate Industrial School Band. Crosfield's tableau—" Perfection washing day." Indian Goats and Car. Runcorn contingent. SECTION No. 4.

Marshals : Mr. H. Hope, Mr. A. H. Sanders. Messrs. Peter Walker and Son, Ltd., Band. Runcorn Gigantic Troupe of Cake Walkers. Messrs. Richmonds' Gas Stove and Meter Co., Ltd., Tableau. Cyclists in Fancy Costume. Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons,Ltd., Fire Brigade.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
SECTION No.-i-'

Alarshals : Mr. ICiVhi-tile, 111:-..R. W. Collin. The Concertina Band. Warrington Anglers' Association Tableau. The People's College Boys in "Fire Brigade Sketch." Collecting Luny. SECTION No. 6.

Marshals : Mr. NV:failO'r, Mr.C. Houghton. League of the Cross Band. Cyclists, etc. (Fancy Costume). The Anna mese Straw Dancers. League of the Cross Junior Band. Messrs. Pendlebury and Co.'s Tableau. SECTION No. 7. Marshals: Mr. G. H. Smith, Mr. H. Watkins. The Salvation Army Band. Warrington Cycling Club. Collecting Lurry. Cyclists (Fancy Costume). Messrs. Monks Hall and Co.'s Tableau. SECTION No. 8. _

Marshals : Mr. G. W. R. Baines, Mr. W. Houghton. The Legh-street Subsciption Band. Cyclists (Fancy Dress). Wilderspool Fire Brigade. Collecting Lurry. Decorated Vehicles, etc. SECTION No. 9- _

Marshals: Mr. F. Garnett, Mr. A. G. Robertson. The Borough Band. The Crewe Royal Morris Dancers (Cup and Medal Winners). Landau (Our Infirmary Nurses). Cyclists (Fancy Dress Costume). 1 Collecting Lurry (No 6.) Decorated Vehicles, (54c. Vehicle Marshal's: Messrs. E. Morris, J. Gray and A. Mellor. Marshal, Working Men's Committee: Mr. G. Walker. There will be other attractive features in addition to those already enumerated, including Casey's Court Band (Penketh) and a tableau from the Royal Court Theatre. After the parade a smoking concert will be held in Parr Hall, commencing at 8 o'clock, and the proceeds will be added to the parade collection, Mr. W. Pearce will give an organ recital from 7.15 to 8 o'clock. An excellent programme will be submitted by the follow- ing artistes :—The Warrington Male Voice Choir ; Mrs. Arthur Booth (soprano) ; Miss Garnet Ball (con- tralto) ; Mr. W. H. Ireland (tenor) ; Mr. J. B. Poole (baritone) ; the Lyric Quartette ; Miss Amy Pigot (elocutionist) ; Miss Winnie Pigot (solo xylophone) ; Mr. Alfred Grounds and Mr. James Emson (humorists) ; Juvenile Fire Brigade sketch (by People's College boys). Mr. W. H.lPayton,.Mus.l3ac., will bathe accom- panist. During the evening the prizes will be dis- tributed to the successful competitors.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING OF GENERAL COMMITTEE.

The weekly meeting of the General Committee was held at the Patten Arms Hotel on Friday evening. Mr. W. Peter Rylands presided and was heartily welcomed by Mr. Pickavance, on behalf of the committee. Mr. RYLANDS said that, although he had not been present at previous meetings, the chief motive he had in keep- ing away, was that he felt they were doing so well, and that the committee would robably prefer to work without him. Mr. Hampson had kept him closely informed as to what they were doing. He appreciated most warmly the enthusiasm and good work which was being carried out, and he looked forward to a tremendous success on Saturday. (Applause.) He hoped to join with them in receiving the congratulations which he was sure the committee would receive on their success. (Applause.) Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co. intimated that their brigade would take part in the procession, and the Runcorn Cycling Club sent word that about 25 of their members would be in attendance in costume. _

A letter was read from the Mayor, intimating that the same privileges as on previous occasions would be granted—to meet in the Park and use the rooms at the Town Hell for the distribution of boxes, &c. Permission has also been granted for the use of the Drill Hall. Mr. Witrrnam, on behalf of the Prize Committee, stated that about £2O 15s. had been collected. It was decided to give the prize for the fire brigade in money. Mr. DAVENPORT, for the Entertainment Committee, said it had been decided, in case of unfavourable weather, to give the Pierrot entertainment in the Parr Hall. Admission would be free with a charge of 6d. for the plush seats. Mr. G. H. Smug, for the Novelty Committee, said the brick competition had been a great success. He urged the desirability of returning the books at an early date. It was decided to ask Lady Grcenall to distribute the prizes at the coacert. LATEST ARRANGEMENTS.

The Ganeral Committee met again on Wednesday evening. Mr. %V. H. BELLTAN presided and said they were nearing the consummation of their efforts and, given fine weather, he had no doubt that the parade would be a splendid success. The meetings of the General Committee would be continued on the Friday evenings after the parade until all the business had been disposed of, and he hoped the enthusiasm would be maintained.

A letter was read from Mr. W. P. Rylands regretting his inability to attend and stating that his services would be at the disposal of the committee on Saturday. Mr. Peter Knight wrote stating that owing to Maass in his family it might be impossible for him to arrange for the Anglers' Association exhibit to appear in the parade. It was decided to send a letter of sympathy to Mr. Knight. Mr. WHITHAM, on behalf of the Prize Committee, said a splendid selection of prizes had been purchased and they were new on view in Messrs. Boydell Bros.' window. Mr. BAINES for the Novelty Committee, said the watch competition had made great progress this week Mr. PRITCHARD, for the Collector' Committee reported that arrangements had been made for nine collecting lurries and about 300 collectors had promised their services. It was stated that members of the local Ambulance Corps would be on street duty at various points of the route in case of accident. Various matter of detail were discussed and it was evident that the most complete arrangements had been made to ensure the success of the parade.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH AT HIS POST.

James Meadows, aged fifty-one, of Phythian-street, St. Helens, watchman at Messrs. Pilkington's timber works, was found dead on Saturday morning shortly before six o'clock. Meadows had occupied this post for a good many years,and was a well respected servant of the company. He had attended to his duties as watchman during the night in the usual way, but appeared te have been seized with illness, and when the other watchman came on at six o'clock he found him dead.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
A SUICIDE'S WILL.

Late Mr. C. Higginbottom Leaves All to

His Sweetheart.

THE WILL CONTESTED BY HIS MOTHER.

[SPECIA.L REPORT.]

In the Probate Division, on Tuesday, the President (Sir Gorrell Barnes) and a special jury commenced the hearing of the case of Turnock v. Higginbottom. The plaintiff was Miss Henrietta Tunstall Turnock, of Wttitefield-road, Stockton Heath, and she sought probate of a will dated Bth November, 1905, made by Mr. Charles Higginbottom for many years secretary to Arthur Waring and Company, of Warrington. The testator committed suicide a few days after proposing marriage to Miss Turnock. The will in dispute bequeathscl the whole of his property, valued at about £2,500 to her. The defendant was Mrs. Sarah Higgin- bottom, the mother of the testator, who opposed the grant on the ground that her son was not of sound mind at the time the document was executed, and that he did not know and approve of its contents. She set up a prior will dated the 21st July, 1905, under which she was to have an allowance of .£1 a week.

Mr. Barnard, IC.C., and Sir. Pritchard appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Norman Craig represented the defendant. Mr. Barnard, K.C., in opening said that the testator was a man about 55 years of age at the date of his death on the 11th November 1905, three days after the execution of the witl now in dispute. The testator entered the firm of Messrs. Arthur Waring and Co., of Warrington in 1871 as a junior clerk and from that date down to the time of his death he remained in the firm's service. He had raised himself from junior clerk to secretary to the company. In 1882 he married lady who unfortunately died in 1903. She went to Harrogate with her husband and died suddenly in the street. After the death of his wife, testator's mother came to stay at his house and she remained with him down to the time of his death. The plaintiff in this action, Miss Turnock, was a lady about 30 years of age who had been a friend of the testator and his late wife some seven years and in 1905 testator paid her a great deal of attention and on November Ist of that year he proposed marriage to her. The lady required some few days to consider the matter and on the 3rd November she accepted the offer. On the 4th Novem- ber Miss Turnock took the testator to her mother's house in Whitefield-road, Stockton Heath and introduced him to her family. On the sth November testator took plaintiff and introduced her to his mother as her future daughter-in-law and on the oth he handed plaintiff an envelope and asked her to read it. They were out walking at:the time and Miss Turnock was not to read the document until she got home. He went home with her and she then opened the envelope and read the document prepared by the testator in which he left all his property to her. After she had read it the testator asked Mrs. Wilson, who had employed plaintiff as com- panion, to witness it and Mrs. Wilson witnessed it. That, however, was not the will in question. There was an arrangement between the testator and the plaintiff that she should go to his house on the 9th November. She went there and saw Mr. Jenkins a solicitor who had come to see the testator. Mr. Jenkins had known the testator for some 30 years and whenever there was any legal business to be done Mr. Jenkins had always acted for the,testator. Mr. Jenkins had prepared two wills before the one now in question. Mr. Higginbottom introduced Miss Turnock to Mr. Jenkins and then produced the paper and asked Mr. Jenkins whether it was a good will. Mr. Jenkins told him it was not. The testator then re- quested Mr. Jenkins to draw up a proper one. It was accordingly arranged that Mr. Jenkins and Mr. Higginbottom should meet next day for the purpose of making a new will. On the Bth, accordingly Mr. Jenkin's drew up a new will by which the testator left his property to Miss Turnock, Mr. Jenkins pointed out to the testator that it was rather severe not leaving the property to his mother who under the early will was to receive £1 per week for life. The testator then ex- pressed the wish to make some provision for his mother and an agreement was drawn up to that effect which was subsequently signed by Miss Turnock. The will having been drawn up it was signed in the presence of Mr. Jenkins and his clerk who were the attesting witnesses. The same day the plaintiff met testator in Warrington and on the way home from Stockton Heath be told her that he had made his will and that ha had made it in her favour. On the 9th the testator came to see the plaintiff and brought her an 'engagement ring. On the 10th they met again and dis- cussed the wedding which they proposed should take place shortly. They parted on perfectly affectionate terms and an appointment was made for the next day. On the 11th the plaintiff went to meet the testator but he did not turn up and she never saw him alive again. It appeared that he went to his office at the usual time. He was perfectly capable and spoke to people in his office about his engagement. He afterwards went home and seemed to have gone into an outhouse and com- mitted suicide. Miss Turnock was called and gave evidence in support of her' case. She said she lived at Whitefield-road, Stockton Heath, and was 32 years of age. She described Iher acquaintance with the testator and said that during the whole of the time she had known him he had always seemed cheerful and had shown no signs of depression. She first heard of his death on a Sunday evening when she was handed a letter in his handwriting. It was in these terms

" My dear darling Hettie,—May you and God forgive me for the rash act. I cannot bear it longer and in this state of health it is simply dreadful. Take full advan- tage of my last will and don't let my brother have a single penny. I give all to you for your love and kind- ness to MO.—CHARLES HIGGINROTTOM."

" P.S.—You will find £l5 in my safe drawer at the office. God bless you dear and look after poor old mother." Cross-examined by Mr. Norman Craig, plaintiff said she had never been to the testator's house during his late wife's lifetime. She was not aware that his wife's death affected him very much though she knew he was much upset because it was so sudden. Was not the marriage with you to take place shortly? —Yes.

Did ihe questions of the will ariss at all 2—No. You had no discussion with him about it ?—No. Did you know thut at this time he WM being seen by three doctors ?—No.

_ Did he talk to you about himself 'stall ?—tiery little. Did he say he was suffering from insomina ?—No. He never complained of sleeplessness ?—No. Mrs. Higginbottom was an old lady about 80 years of age ?—Yes. Was not she left entirely without means ?—I did not know at the time but I understand so since. Did you regard the agreement you signed agreeing to provide for Mrs. Higginbotom binding upon you ?—f did.

Were you aware that gas and water were cut off at the house ?—No. - _ _

William Henry J. Jenkins,solicitor.of Warrington said he had known the testator about 30 years and was a friend of his.

His lordship what is the value of the property? Witness : About £2,500. Witness said that he had drawn up the other will for the,testator under which the mother was to have £i per week. Mr. Barnard : Did he ever complain of his health ? Witness : Ho complained but I did not think it was anything serious. Had you the slightest suspicion there was anything wrong with testator's mind at that time ?—No. It was suggested at thefinquest on the testator that you had a scene 'pith Miss Turnock and you told her that unless you acted for her she would not receive .£l. Was there any truth in that ?—No ; not the slightest foundation.

What did take piece then ?-4 had been very busily engaged and Miss Turnock said she had been advised to instruct someone to appear at the inquest on her behalf. That was entirely contrary to my view as I thought there was no necessity. Mr. Norman Craig (cross-examining) : He com- plained to you of pains in the head? Witness : No; I co:nplained to him of pains in my head. (Laughter.) Mr. Craig : We will not deal with your pains at present. (Renewed laughter.) Mr. Norman Craig, in opening the defence, said his lease was that the wife's tragic death seriously affected the testator's mind. There was a crowd in the street one day, and thinking it was an accident he took no notice of it, but went on to his office. He afterwards heard that A woman had been taken to the hospital. Subsequently be was informed that the lady was his wife, end that she had died in the street. After this he was seldom well and suffered from melancholia. The health of the testator imOctober and November, 1905, was far from being good, and as a fact it was as had as it could be. He consulted two other doctors besides his own, and they could tell the jury that he suffered from insomnia. The testator was in a desolate condition and complained of insomnia, nervous debiliiy and inability to take solid food, and his health was in such a con- dition that marriage was out of the question. This was in October and November and then they got the culminating act of November 11th when the man din- troyed himself. On November 7th and Bth the testator was in anything but a proper frame of mind. He hoped that after the jury had heard the evidence they would cometo the conclusion that the testator could not truly appreciate the facts of the case and that his evidence would enable them to hold that his testamentary capacity was not intact. On November Bth the testator was in the hands of three doctors, two of whom would describe his condition as nervous incoherent and rambling. He was about to commit himself to a proposition of marriage which his health did not justify his undertaking. On November Bth the testator came to the conclusion that as a last resort he had made a contract of marriage with a young lady, against whom he had not a word to say, which be felt unable to carry out because of his nervous condition. Having done this arid beies unable to carry it out then he went and made the will in question. He had an old mother aged 80 and she had given up her home and had gone to live with him as she was practically penniless if this

suit went against her. He asked the jury to consider this matter seriously, bearing in mind the fact that the son had apparently ignored all sense of filial objection to his mother.

Mrs. Sarah Higginbottom was then called and examined by Mr. Norman Craig. How old was your son at the time of his desth 9-54. He was married in January 1833 to Miss Hamilton ? Yes.

And she died in 1903 ?—Yes. Have you heard stated in Court the circumstances of her death and is that true ?—Yes. Up to that time you had lived separately in a different house about 11 minutes' walk away ?—Yeg. After his wife's death did you go and live with him ? Yes.

Before his wife's death, of what sort of disposition was your son ?—Very nice disposition. Very cheerful. Was he a temperate man ?—Very. What was the effect of his wife's dtath upon him ? It made him very melancholy. Before his wife's death did he entertain his friends a greal deal ?—Not very much. After his wife's death were there photographs of his wife everywhere ?—Yes they were all over the house, in every room. In October and November 1905 was there a change in his health ?—Yes, he became very nervous and debilitated.

Did he suffer for want of sleep ?—Yes. After his first wife died did he give way to drink ? Yes,he gave way to whisky and drank heavily. Did you see Miss Turnock after your son's death ? Yes at the inquest on my son, and she then said she had only known my son a fortnight. What happened on Sunday?-0n Sunday morning I found his bed had not been slept in, and in the evening I inquired of his friends.—On the Monday his body was found. During the last fortnight of his life did you notice any marked changed in him 7—Very much so. He was not himself at all.

As regards yourself have you always been on affec- tionate terms with your son ?—Always. I have never had a cross word with him.

Cross-examined by Mr. Barnard: His wife's death upset him very much ?—Yes. And it was some time before he got over the shock?— Yes, it was quite six months after. When did he first inform you of his engagement with Miss Turnock ?—lt was on November 5. You took his tea up to him in bed ?—Yes. Did he say" there is a lady in my tea," alluding to a piece of tea leaf floating on the tea?—No he said there was a lady in the case. I asked about her and he told me who she was and that he had been to see her mother, I and that he was going' to introduce her to me. She came and was introduced to you ?—Yes. Did you tell Miss Turnock there was anything the matter with your son's mind ?—Oh, no. Dr. Joseph was his regular doctor was he not ?—Yes. Mrs. Eliza Margaret Bates, the wife of Mr. Edwin Bates, gave evidence that latterly she had often seen the testator worse for drink. Dr. S. J. Parker stated that the testator lived next door to him for about 10 years. He attended him in 1904 for insomnia and nervous depression. in January, March and April of 1905 he also attended the testator for the same complaint. in October and November he was much worse than he had been. Ho became so excited that witness became very anxious about him, and then he was in a terrible state of depression, and he was not in such a fit state as to transact such important business as the making of a will. Cross-examined : The testator would be ranch agitated as well as depressed. Witness gave him draughts with the idea of allaying the insomnia and steadying his condition. At this point the further hearing was adjourned. The hearing was resumed on Wednesday. Dr. Charles Ernest Richmond giving evidence for the defence said that in October last he made a thorough examination of Mr. Higginbottom. He found nothing organically wrong with him but his mind was unbalanced and he was quite unfit for work. He was taciturn in his manner and could not sleep nor eat. In examination by Mr. Barnard K.C. witness said that his opinion of the capacity of the testator was not affected at all by the fact that he wrote a letter just before he committed suicide. He formed the opinion that the answers the testator gave to the ques- tions put to him though apparently straightforward were not sensible.

Were they as sensible as the answers yon are giving now in the box ?-4 don't intend to flatter either of us. (Laughter). Charles William Davenport. builder, of Stockton Heath, said he had known the testator for '2O years. Since the death of Mrs. Higginbottom, his wife, in 1903 he had not been the same roan. He had suffered from fits of depression and about a month before his death those fits had become more noticeable. He remembered that when he was walking home with the testator on November Bth, the latter, who had been very quiet sAid " I feel-- bad." They went into the "Red Lion "for a drink and testator said" I have done it. I have signed a document." Witness told him that if it was »will or a marriage settlement he had better be careful about it. The testator went _

===== 0002601_19060721_art0137.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060721_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060721_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS.

Latest Quotations.

he had known but had not sok He added "I am not fit to marry anyone!' Though a very temperate man the testator would have at times— not exactly a burst but something next door to it." (Laughter.) _

Fr„ederick Howard, a neighbour, also gave evidence of the depressing effects which his wife's death had on the testator. On November sth testator told him he had made "a —fool " of himself. He proposed to a lady and had been accepted. He told witness that ho MA in very bad health and had had to take medical advice. Dr. Dreshfleld had advised him to get more cheerful company saying that his mental condition was not really bad. Dr. Maurice Craig, mental specialist, said that a hypochondriaclwould not commit suicideand no man committed suicide without some cause of a definite nature such as financial trouble. The President : But there were in the old Roman days noblemen who when they got tired of life got into a bath and opened a vein. Dr. Craig: That NVB,9 a custom. He was probably obliged to do it. Mr. Norman Craig mentioned kari-kari and methods of suicide adopted sometimes in continental armies. Dr. Craig : That was a custom again—mere custom, an undesirable custom perhaps, but a custom. In cross-examination witness said he had heard the evidence in this case and it was perfectly possible for the testator to have conducted his business in a proper manner and still be suffering from mental depression and morbid fears.

This concluded the evidence and Counsel proceeded to address the jury. The President (Sir Gorell Barnes) in the course of his summing op remarked that the facts were abort and the issues definite in the case. Whether the will was n reasonable one or not was not a question which the jury would have to consider. They could not, of course, and must not shut out from their minds the fact that the man committed suicide, but they would have to look at all the facts which were before them. There was no doubt that this man was not in good health but he conducted his business and seemed to have been competent to give instructions with regard to the making of the will. It was said, however, that the man had reached such a stage that he might conceivably have been inclined to act on a sudden impulse without properly considering and weighing what it was he was doing..

- The jury retired to consider their verdict and found that the will was duly executed and that the deceased was of sound mini. They also expressed the hope that the agreement with regard to qrs. Higginbottom would be held as part and parcel of the will. Mr. Barnard K.C. said that the agreement would be carried out. The President then pronounced for the will.

BANK RATE 31%. SETTLING DAY 27TH JULY' AND 15TH AUGUST 190 G. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. BRITISH FUNDS. £ Consols 21% 100 ...87k 2/"'. Annuities 100 .94 2k% Annuities 100 —Mt Nt. War Loan 22% Red 1910 lOO .981 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO .98k Bank of England Stock lOO 2801 India Stock l 100 .1021 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian lOO ...111 Glasgow & S.-W. Pref. ord. lOO .64 Great Central Deferred lOO _l7 Great Central Preferred NO 37 Great Eastern 100 .82 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO _452 Great Western lOO .132; Lancashire and Yorkshire lOO .105 London, Brighton & South Coast 100 ...131 London Chatham and Dover 100 ..15 Londonaud North-Western lOO .160 London and South-Western lOO ...152. Mctropoli tan lOO .64 Midland Def. Convd. Ord 100 ...63k Do. Pref. Couvd. Ord 100 .67.-t North British 100 ...431 North Eastern Consols.. 100 —.112 North Staffordshire lOO .105 South Eastern 100 .33 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific 100 .164 ' Grand Trunk of Canada lOO 28 Do. Guaranteed 100 —lO3l Do. Ist Prof. lOO ...110 Do. 2nd Pref 100 .109 Do. 3rd Pref lOO .631 BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 33 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO .35',' xd. London and County `,O .961 London and Westminster 2O .53:2 xd. Manchester and County l7 .61 Manchester and Liverpool District]; —.51 Parrs 20 .83 Union of London 15k ...37 Union of Manchester ll .2G xd Williams Deacons 3 25; xd BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Greeton 5% Cum. Pref. lOO 114 Bell and Co. Ord lO llk Bents Brewery Ord, lO 5t Boddington's Ord 10 8 Chester's Ord lO ..101 Groves & Whitnal 5% Cum. Pref 10 ...8i Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO 580 Manchester Ord. lO ..2 Parker's Burslem Ord lO ..11 Springwell Ord 10 ..7k Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO 31 Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum Pref 10 ...9k TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Ord lOO ...67 Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6% lOO —lll do. Def. Ord. lOO ...110 do. Ist Pref. 6% lO ..11 do. 2nd Prof. Minimum 6% lO All Nat. felephone 3% Deb. Stock lOO ...97 TRAMWAYS. Blackpool & Fleetved Tramroad lO ...12 British Electric Traction Ord. lO ...5k xd' Man. Carriage and Tratuways A 7k ...30/0 do. do. B 5 ...15/0 do. do. C 3.1 —.15/0 Southport Tramways 5 ..3 INDUSTRIALS, &c Beyer, Peacock Sc Co. 5% Cum, Pref. 1 —l5/6 xc4 Bleachers Ass). 51 Cum. Pref. 1 21/6 xd: Boy. Ord. (7% Cum.) 1 22/0 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 .25/0 Bradford Dyers 5% Cutu. Pref. 1 —2l/0 British Insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 ..61 British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6",, Cam. Pref , 5 ..6 ...5 k

Brunner Mom Brunner Mr Pref.

and Co. Ltd. OrdL and Co. Ltd. 7%

A. di - Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary ........

.i5/9 ,21/(;

Urosnald (J.) it Sons, 5% Cum. Pre. Pref lO .101- Crosflelds, 41% Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO 101 Crosfield, 41-,', 'A' Deben lOO 98 English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 27/G Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO 81 do. do. do. do. B 8 61 Fletcher Russell it Co., Ltd., Ordl _34/0 Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6'l, Cum. Pref lO .121 4% Debs. Red. 100 .98 Hunters the Tearnen Ord. 1 34/0 Lever Brothers, 5% Cum. Pref. 10 121 Lipton Ordinary 1 20/0 Meldrum Bros., .5i% Prof. 1 15/0 Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord. 1 .51/0 se , do. do 7% Cum. Pref. 5 ...Gi xd t Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum._ " _ ___ .

Pref. . 5 ...4 Nantyglo & Blaina 8% Pref. 621 ..84 Pearson & Knowles, Ord do. do. 6°,',. Cum. Pref. 5 ...6 Public Benefit Boot 6% Cum. Pref 5 ...5 Perrins Ltd. Ord. ' 1 ...2/6 Richmond Gas Stove St Meter Ord 1 ...38/0 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6% Cum. Pref. 5 —.61 Salt Union Ordinary 4 _lO United Alkali Ordinary lO 70/0 do. do. 7% Cum. Pref. lO —lll do. do. Deb. lOO ..109 Vulcan Foundry.. 1 .25/0 Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd.... 7l —6l do. do. do. do. do. lO 8i Warrington Land & Property Co , Ltd. Ord. 1 ...17/fi do. do. do 13 Shares 7 ...42 Warrington and District Bil!post- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/6 ...17/G SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO .24(3 do.lido. do. Pup!. 5% Pref 10 ...35/3 MINES. British South Africa (Char) 1 ...260 Charter Trust and Agency 1 _lO/6 Cons. Goldfield of S.A. 1 ...3i East Rand Proprietary 1 —.31 'Hendersons 1 ...7/0 Johannesburg Consolidated 1 .. 21/9 Katfirs Consolidated 1 —2O/0 Oceanas 1 —l5/0 Rand Mines 5/- —.5! Randfonteins 1 Rhbdesia Exploration 1 ..1a Tanganyika 1 ...3i Transvaal Estates 1 _lO9 Salisbury Buildings The above list and prices have been compiled by Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Share brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be ound reliable.

Services for Sunday. Bold-street Wesleyan Church, preachers, 10.30 Rev. S. Pitt ; 6.30, Rey. J. Manning. Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church, preachers, 10.30 Rev.. j J. Manning ; 6.30, Rev. J. Peake. Baptist Church, Latchford, preacher' Mr. J. T. Golborne ; subject, 10.30 "An apparent paradox " ; 6.0 "The soul's hinderers." Golborrte-street, 13apt1st Church, preacher 10.30 and 6.10, Rev. A. Harvey, of Widnes. Wycliffe Congregational Church, preacher 10.20 and 6.30 Rev. John Younge. On and after July 29th the services will be held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey- street, as the church will be closed for re-decoration. Seat holders are requested to remove their books, &c., on Monday.

Death. croshv.—On Thursday, July 19th, 190 G, at 51, Saxon- street, Liverpool, Bessie, the beloved wife of William Nixon Crosby.

Lid 1. 00 iond, Buxton Lime Firms Stgoerfair:rl.2oplizry. went on to say that a there was a Miss Turnock in the villagr, spoken to her until " the other Sunda am -

===== 0002601_19060721_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

GRAMMAR SC IMOL ANS OA L SPOIITS.-The last annual sports under the regime of the Rev. and Mrs. J. Edwardes-Evans were held in the Grammar School field, on Saturday, in the presence of a large number of boys and friends, among whom were the Rev. G. B. Thurston and Mr. and Mrs. RidgwaY. &n. Thanks to the ke3n interest displayed in the welfare of the boys and girls by the Grammar School Master and Mrs. Evans, these sports have ever been very popular, and during the course of the day the Rector of Lymm expressed the feeling of all present when he alluded to the deep regret felt that Air. and Mrs. Evans were about to sever their connection with Lymm, the former to take up his new post RS Vicar of Ringway. Many excellent items were included in the races, Kenneth de Jong again showing his ability as an athlete, and easily winning many races. On the con- clusion of the races Mrs. Rigway nresented the prizes to the successful competitors. The judges were the Rev. G. B. Thurston and 'Mr. Cecil Kidson. and the starters Dr. De Jong and Mr. H. Wood. The following were the various results :-Throwing the cricket ball : 1, T. Weetman 2 G. Massey; 3, F. Kenyon. 220 yards (under 15) : 1, F;Kenyon ; 2, W. Oddie ; 3, W.Willing; 4, C. R. Johnson : 5, J. Edwaries-Evans. Long jump (under 13) : 1, N. Clarke ;2, D. Holt ;3, J. Moston ; 4, Huw Evans. 100 yards (open) : 1, K. De Jong :2, S. Farrell: 3,Kenyon; 4, W. Oddie. 100 yards (girls under 13) : 1. M. Hill :2. D. Brookes. High jump (open) :1, K. De Jong ; 2, 0. Brassev. Egg and spoon race (under 131: 1, B. Silcock; 2, W. undo ; 3, limy Evans. Quarter mile handicap : 1, K. De Jong; 2. F. Kenyon ; 3, S. Farrell : 4, .1. Stokes. 100 yards (under 12) : 1, D. Holt 2, J. Moston ; 3,N. Schmidt. Long lump (open): 1. K. De Jong ;2. G. Brassey ; 3. S. Tarrell. 100 yards girls (open), 1,1%1. Babbage ; 2, 0. King Jones; 3, G. Moss. Kindergarten race : 1, Mabel Priestner (girls) ; 1, K. Brooks (boys). One mile handicap : 1, J. Stokes ; 2, E. De Jong ; 3,1,. Willing. Old boys' race, 220 yards: I. Wood ; 2, T. De Jong ; 3, Stelfox : 4, C. Meldrum. Three-legged race ; 1, Kenyon and Wilks ; 2, Brassev and Ronglesidg,e. Sack race : 1, Chorlton ; 2, E, De Jong. Bandsmen's race : 1, Clarke ; 2, Kirk ; 3, Broadey. Tug-of-war; Brassey.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
~;,-.,...*.--;:,',..!..'?,4.:,,:._. ~,,,..,.....:. - •.., ..,_c,;.!..,;,,.......7.,::...:.c..:,•:,,...,• ..,...• •

talk

===== 0002601_19060721_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
Marriages.

HIGTIANI-APPLETON.-July 14th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, George Henry Higham, to Sarah Alice Appleton. WHITTAKER—DELANEY.—JuIy 19th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Arthur Whittaker, to Mary Ellen Delaney.

Warrington.—Printed and published by ;OHN WALKER SG CO., at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNES : 32, George-street, ST. HELE.NS: 3, Market- street, EARLESToWN; Church-street RIINCOPY,, July 21st. 1906.

===== 0002601_19060721_art0143.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, • •

/

===== 0002601_19060721_art0144.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4 z - u • •

===== 0002601_19060721_art0145.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_19060721_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPROVED SERVICES to the CONTINENT. ROYAL BRITISH MAIL HARWICII,..noog OF HOLLAND ROUTE DAILY. To GERMANY, HOLLAND, AUSTRIA, DENMARK. NORWAY and SWEDIIN. HARWICH-ANTWERP ROUTH FOB BRUSslths, THE ARDENNHS, and SWITZRRLAND, Every Week-lay, THROUGH CORRIDOR ARRIAGES FROM AND TO A.NC RESTER. lculara apply to W. IPownall, Great Portland Street, Blanchester.

W ARRINnTON IN FIRM AR T. EXTF.M..4ION. AMOITICT FIRQUIRRI) £l5 TB RXTRWSION COMMTTTER APPEAL for ELIPSCRIPTIONS tl the Enlargement of the INFIRATARY. BUTISCRIPTIONS TO 73-Aft.. afo so. (10. 'Messrs. Peter walkEr Son,T'Ltd 74114.13 Charles firarson ............. . ... 30 0 0 25 0 0 me,• The Colon 'Tanneries, T,td "1. The Altercated Rivet Co., Ltd 1(1 10 0 Messrs 8 3 (1 t„' • and F. Acton ............. . 2 2 0 Mr 01. Wai,on, seotlend-roa4 Amount previously acknowledged 7,500 8 9 8.071 3 9 fintecriptlone may he paid into any of t• he Local ranks, or to the tion.7reasnrer at the Infirmary. W. PHTER RYLANDS, Chairman of the Extension Committee. he GRORGH DARIN. Hon. Treasurer.

°UN TY BORO)UGFI OF W A RRINGTON,— THR. SANITARY WORKS COMMITTSIS are prepared W....receive Tenders for the supply of a MILL) STRRL CON- 151191ATOR shaft, 71-ins. square by 17ft. 81ne. : long, IsPled tip at journals and having 24 Cast Iron ~7.ter Arms attached, all in accordance with particulars to be ained from the undersigned. NZ he contractor whose tender is accented will be required to *fterve the recognised stone and conditions as to rate of Rea and working hours prevailing in the district. enders, securely fastened, must he addressed "The t 41rtaan. Sanitary Works Committee, Town Hall, Warrlnq- -4):,:" endorsed, "Tender for Concentrator Shaft." and „.."Yered not later than Mond' ay 30th July, 19'8. The lowest sr Farr tender will not necessarily he accepted. t"RfOed Denet. Warrington. It, WILSON, lBth July, 1906. Manager.

nOUNTY 'BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.-TO CGRTTIA.ITORS.—THE PAVING AND SEWERAGE lits;;M_ 'WITTER of the Council of the County Borough of e,,Tingtou is prepared to receive Tenders for the Forming lPaving of the following streets i—PARR ST.. RAVI- !) III"' EL, frenTuvrtir'. to_niurings, speci6cations, &c , my be seen, and forms of oner, bills of quantities, and all further information attained at the (Ince of the Borough Purveyor. Town Hall. Monday the 23rd instant on payment of a deposit of which will be returned on receipt of a bonl-finie koder. Tenders trust he delivered before 12 o'clock on .Thilldav, the 3Cth day of July, 1906, e lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. THOS. LONGDIE. Borough Etwineer and Survevor• 13cMilgh Engineer and Surveyor's Office, 20th July, 1906

THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER. IS NOW PUBLISHED ON FRIDAY AFTERNOON,J —PRICE ONE IPENNY— AND IS ON SALE AT THE VARIOUS 'NEWS- AGENTS AT ABOUT 4 O'CLOCK. SHOULD ANY DIFFICULTY BE EXPERIENCED IN GETTING THE:PAPER THE PROPRIETORS WILL UNDERTAKE TO IDELIVER -A COPY AT ANY ADDRESS IN WARRINGTON lit 5 O'CLOCKION FRIDAY AFTERNOON WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE. Address all communications to EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

riTACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW 501EhTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS' 205.: GOLD INLAY 40S. MACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WINLISSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 IO 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANREY-ST AT 818. GERHARD'S 11A/BDRESSER WEDNESDAYS. 1 IO 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH-ST ATTENDANCE DAILY 131A.M. TO 8 P.M. MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILL,Y ATTENDANCE DAILY 8 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

MARSH'S HARDWARE STORES, 53, SANKEY STREET. BEST VALUE IN TRUNKS) J kPANESE BASKETS, &C.

LONDON-LIVERPOOL DRESS AGENCY, 5 BOLD ST., LIVERPOOL. LADIES CAN DISPOSE OF THEIR WARDROBE AT THIS AGENCY ON COMMISSION. SEND FOR CIRCULAR, UP-TO-DATE DRESSES NOW ON SALE.

HENRY ILES, Detective and Confidential Agent.—H you want an object accomplished apply to Henry Iles, who conscientiously undertakes all personal matters with toot and ability.—Address 68. KELLETT nn.,Brixton,London. SW. Telegrams .• Haitian," London.

K.ENT & SON, JEWELLERS SINCE 1760 70, DEANSGATE (opposite Barton Arcade.) MANCHESTER, ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE OF SPECIALITIES POST FREE ON APPLIOATION.

WALLASEY GRAMMAR sICHOOL. Boarders taken by B. A. FOULKES, !NIA., Kilcreggan,Mount rd., New Brighton. ITHE LINCOLNSHIRE RESIDENTIAL SCHOOL of Cookery and Household Sciences. Girls trained as Lady Cooks or Helps; happy borne; careful training.— Apply to the Principal, who holds a full Teacher's Diploma, Miss EVERARD, "Park House," Louth, Lincolnshire.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per 0; COVRICATTH I TAILS OF ) nom HAIR FRAMES, PURR FROM 3/6 RICH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, WHICH ST (CAR STATION). LIVBRPOOL.

S_ OUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL.- A FIRST- CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Healthy locality. Splendid new buildings. Large staff, including 8.A., B.Sc., to. Excellent results. Recent distinctions in languages and science. Head Master 3. 0. Underwood, A.0.P.,F.R.G.5. (Rug.)

IHEREBY GIVE NOTICE THAT ON AND AFTER THIS DATE I will not be z esponsible for any debt or debts unless personally contracted. EDWARD TAYLOR, July 20th, 1906. 68, Marsh House Lane, Warrington

rrHE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON LODGE _I- Stockton Heath, Warrington. -Day and Boarding School for Girls, Kindergarten. Preparatory School for Boys. PRINCIPALS, TRH MISSES PARTINGTON (late of 23, Wilson Patten street). Prospectuses, &3., on application. SIXTY-SIX SUCCESSES IN 2 TEAKS, NO FAILURES. The next Term will nOrrirn9uCe on Thursday April 2503.

PARR'S BANK LIMITRD. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that an lIXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MRRTINR of this Company will he hell at the Bank Premises, Winwlck at., Warrington, on Thursday, the 26th day of July, 1906, at Twelve o'clock noon, for the purpose of declaring a dividend to be payable on the lit August,and conducting the Ordinary Business of the Company. The Transfer Books will be closed from Wednesday, 18th July, to Thursday, 26th July, both slays inclusive. By Order, Bartholomew lane, R. W. WHALLEY. London. 13.0., General Manager. 14th July. 1906.

' MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Profese,or of Uusio,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THBORY, HARMONY, COUNTISR. POINT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' pmetlee.—For terms apply 134. LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

• APOLoux. TO THE PRESIDENT AND COUNCIL OF THE LIVIPPOOL AND DISTRICT MINSEAL WATER MANUFACTURERb' AND BOTTLERS' ASSOCIATION, per Simon Jude and West. Secretaries, 10, Cooke st., Liverpool. We. the undersigned, do heteby respectively APOLOGIZE to you for having unlawfully used bottles bearing the names and trademarks of Members of your Association, and now undertake to deliver up to the inspector or other authorized agent of the association all such bottles now in the possession Of each or either of us,and will retrain from using any similar property of members of the Association in future; and in consideration of your not instituting legal proceedings against us, we consent to the publication of this apology in any reasonable manner which the Council may think proper and agree to pay the costs and expenses atttending same. (Signed.) MARGARET ALCOOK, 93, W inwick rd., Warrington. ANN BATES, 3, Dudley at., Warrington. MINEDi MOONS, 88, Church at., Warrington. her ELLEN X CALDWELL, 7, Bank Quay Wharf, Litton's mark Crossings, Warrington. Witness (signed), FREDK. BASTOW, Inspector for the above-named Association. Dated 11th July, 1906. The Liverpool and District Mineral Water Manufacturers and Bottlers' Association do hereby give PUBLIC NOTICE and WARNING to householders and consumers of aerated and non-intoxicating Beverages that it is unlawful to pur- chase, sell, use, detain or destroy Mineral Water Bottles, Boxes and Syphons, bearing the name or trademark of the owners. Criminal proceedings will be taken in every case where there is reasonable evidence of this warning haying been disregarded, and a REWARD of Twenty Shillings will be paid for information that will lead to a conviction. All empty Bottles, Boxes, and Syphons which may now be in, or may injutare copse into your possesion should be at once returned to the place from which they were obtained. By order, SIMON JUDE and WEST. Secretaries, Registered Office, 10, Cooke-att., Liverpool, to wnorn all communications should be addressed.

VNGLISti TOMATOES 6D. per lb. 1...4 BLACK CURRANTS 6n. „ „ GRIONGAIaII MoDERMOTT‘ Cheapest Man Alive, Wholesale Market. Warrington.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5n., 10D., AND is. BD., zAca WHOLEBLLE BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD:, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHEL 1833.

R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (UW HIDE) From 20s. Od. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. Od. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL CENTRAL BUILDINGS, 4IA, NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

RRITISH AND FOREION WATCH SUPPLY COMPANY, 15, GORE PIAZZAS, LIVERPOOL. A SINGLE ARTICLE AT WHOLESALE PRICE. /tolled (fold Waltham Hunter, 385. ; 10 years guarante . Rolled Gold Waltham Hunter(open face)with any monoram. 3,8°. 10 years' guarantee. Rolled Hold Curb Albert (single). os. 6d. (double) 65. ; 10 years guarantee. Nletiel plated Watch (good timekeeper)—not a toy, 4s. 9 Carat Ladles' Gold Rayless Watch, 255. ; 5 years.' warranty. 14 Carat Ladles' Gold Keyless Watch, beautifully enamelled, 325. 6d. ; 6 years' warranty. CHEQUES and MONEY ORDERS PAYABLE to A. ROCHE, Manager.,Mentlon paper. Terms: remittance with orders.

LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES. RriauLAß DAILY SAILING'S (Sunday included). By paddle-steamer " La Marguerite," (every day) (Fridays St. Tudno) leaving Prince's Landing Stage (weather permitting) 10.45 a.m., for Llandudno, Beaumarls, Bangor, and Menai Bridge, (with Carnarvon connection week days) allowing 4 hours ashore at Llandudno, and due back at 7.30 p.m. RXTRA BAILINGS, 2.30 p,m. Fridays, Saturdays, Sundays and Mondays also at 11.15 a.m. Sundays. 9.15 a.m , Ida of Anglesey Trips, by St. Tudno, Thursday 26th and Monday 30th, calling at Llandudno, due back in Liverpool each day at 8 p.m. (Through bookings horn principal stations). 930 a.m. every Wednesday July and August by St. Tudno for Llandudno and Holyhead, due bank 8 p.m. For further Information apply to the LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALTSS BTELMSHIP COMPLIIV, LTD T. G. Brew, Seeretarv,4o, Chapel at. Liverpool. Metal guide 3d.post free. WRISK-TINDS at N. WALI4S. hotel and boat from 22e 6d.

FIVE SECOND-HAND PIANOS (RETURNED FROM HIRE). FOR SALE. CASH OH RASE PAYMENTS. GUARANTEED 10 YEARS. TUNED FREE 12 MONTHS. B. WADS WORTH'S, 59. SANKEY-STREET, WARRINDTON, %GAT I.IIAGBEL" RAZORS AR S THE ACME OF PERFECTION. EIBEFFIRLD MAKB, WARRANTED. POST FREE Es. 65., 35., 4s. BD., AND ss, SD J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SILTS INCREASING DAILY.

DITBLIN, ALSO ENGLI6II LAKES TEDCASTLE LIRE. BLACKROCIC," CUMBRIC" " EfIIANA," and '6 ADELA," from SOUTH SIDB NKLSON DOCK. Liveroool Every Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, to DUBLIN. BETURN FALCON. 10S. ; STISERAGS, Bs, ; with Cheap Excursion Tickets EVERY SAILIKI DAY. to Bundoran, Bray, Wicklow, ; also on Fridays and Saturdays to Killarney, Cork. ttc. The fast S.S. BLACKS OCK from LIVERPOOL on Tuesdays and Fridays, and from DUBLIN Mondays and Wednesdays. SHORT DATE TICKETS on Fridays to DUBLIN, Including Return Saloon Fate, Hotel, Meals, Am, as advertised 3 days 275. 6d, or 5 days 425. 6d. SrECIAL ROUND SEA TRIP, per "Cumbria," Every Saturday, to Whlteha,en. giving 3k days for English Lakes, thence to Dablin,and back to Liverpool (6 days or 2 months), Saloon 20s as per Sailing Bills. Apply TEDCASTLE, McCORMICK, & CO., LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Telegrams. " Tecloastie." TelePhone 975.

BOWLING GREEN BOWLS, BOWLING GREEN BOWLS. GEn. AND FIOS. ROYLE, BOWLS FOR BOWLING GREENS, 42 SACKVILLE-STRENT, MANCHESTER. Nat. Tetephone, 2924. SEND FOR PRICES AND SAMPLES.

LANGL ANDS' SAILINGA TO GREENOCK AND GLAQGOW. •• PRINCESS LOUISE " on OTHER STEADIER. From LIVHIRPOOL From GL XSGOW (Clarence Dock.) (Berths No. 22-28, North Side) Tus. July 24th 11 pme Sat. July 21st 2p M. *5.25.,P•m• Sat July 28th 3 p.m. Thurs. July 26th 2 p.m. *6.30 P in• Thure.Aug. 2nd 8 p.m. Tues. July 31st 2 p.m. *7.5 p.m. 1416 g. Aug. 7th 11 p in. Sat. Aug. 4th 2 p.m. "5.25 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central l to Greenock (Centre 1). Special reduced through ti eke, a from Warrington,Widnes Arc. Single, Ist Class and Cabin lls. Sc!. ; Single, 3rd Class and Steerage 6r. Return (valid for two months) Ist Class and Cabin 18s. ; 3rd Class and Cabin, 17s. NOTE.—The above fares include the railway journey between Greenock and Glasgow (Central). Special 14 days it trunnion Tickets : Cabin 145., Steerage Bs. 3d. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, 14, CROSS STRRRT, AIA.NOI4I4STBR. 10, RIIMFORD PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

SMOKE LUDLOW'S" OLD BOYS" TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. 50). PER OUNCE lc M. PER LB. TIN; 68. PER LB. T • kS' UDLOW & CO., WHOLE3ALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICK ST , WARRINGTON. TELEpEoNE 414 Y.

ROBERT ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, VALUER Office and Salerooms : No, 1, BANR-ETRIRT WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CA PIN ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New nd Second-hand Furnltcre and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection Invited Furniture, ac.. warehoused,

W. HODGKINSON LIMITED. CLEAEANCE SALE OF DRAPERY AND FURNISLUNG GOODS. EXCEPTIONAL BARGAINS. W. HODGKINSON LTD., BRIDGE ST.

H. S. PAGE & CO*, 74, SANKEY ST., (LEGII ST., CORNER), WARRINGTON. HIGH-CLASS TAILORING AT A REASONABLE COST. U}'-TO-DATT LADIES TAILORING A SPECIALIIT,

J. BANKS, NECKWEAR AND COLLAR SPE lALIST, 62, HORS E ARK ET SIRE ET, WA RR IN GTON. WEAR OUR FAMOUS 3s. 9D. FELT HATS.

CLEARANCE SALE NOW PROCEEDING. BARGAINS IN HOUSEHOLD DRAPERY, CURTAINS, LINENS, BEDSTEADS, BEDDING AND FANCY FURNI LURE. DRESS TRUNKS, GLADSTONE BAGS, HAMPERS, BASKETS, AND ALL TRAVELLING REQUISITES CONSIDERABLY REDUCED IN PRICE. E. COATEs 72, BRIDGE STRBET, WARIaNci lON.

THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT S GOOD CLOTHING SHOULD BE WORN BY EVERTON YOUNG AND OLD. THE M.C.D.'s CLOTHS ARE ALL MADE FOR HARD WEAR. NONE BETTER. Well cut and trimmed. Well made and built up. Smart and up-to-date and always keep their shape. Extensive Stock to meet the views of everyone in Mens' Youths' and Boys'. Every -variety to please at prices no one can touch for Quality and Finish. SUITS TO MEASURE, 28/6, 33/6, 39/6, 45/- SPLENDID VALUE. MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLtsIinD RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STRRET, LIVERICOL, 'BANOS MAKER AND ]InSINT BELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, Banool Prizes, do. Terms Moderate. AFM COLLECTION OF PHOXOGBAPHS to; °cyst°lenm and Panel Fainting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures In tne Continental Galleries.

JOHN LUNT, iIiViINNTOOI' REMOVAL CONTRACTOR. EXPERIENCED MEN EMPLOYED. ESTIMATES FREE. TELEPHONE No. 107.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT CO., LID. FOR GOOD BOOTS. UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

DAY'S SPRING I.IATTRESS TM:PROVER For makingold, and otherwise useleaa 'Mattresses, equal to new ; can be attached in a few minutes by any person. Mr. MADD CS ,Madden'a Restaurant, Portsmouth,wtttest— " Can thoroughly testify to their usefulness, and stro ngiy recommend seine when wire mattress has beoome weak " PRICE, complete with directions and diagram for fixing, carriage free to all parts. as. fid each. WARRINGTON WOVRN•WIRK COMPANY, LTD., 3E4. COMMERCIAL RD., PORTSMOUTH.

M THOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINER " OFFICE, 33. 3IARKET STREET, HARLESTOwN. PANTY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS TimusAwns cw LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUA FEMALE PILL b, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO IVVOIANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Annie Giddiness, Fulness and Swellinic after Meals, Loss of Appetite,Hysteria,Palpltation ot the Heart. Debility. Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, end all Female Ailments, Boxes 90.. Is. lid., 28. 93.48. Scl. and its. OR. PAVIS'i FAMOUS COUGII MIXTURE, gives instant relief as proved by nunoreds of testimonials. Bottles 3/- and 4/9 post paid from the proprietors, 309 PORT•IIIT,LLO-ROAD. ROTTING HILL, LONDON. W. (Only Address).

HUG la RS BROTHER'7.. PAWNBROKERS, &c.. 116, 118, 120, 125, and 127, BROWNLOW.HILL. LIVERPOOL. (Two minutes from Lime-street Station ; near University) Est,dßished 50 Years. Telephone 2004 Royal. Diamonds, JeweLery, Furniture, Mechanics' cols. Small Machinery, Lathes, and voods of value of any class Bought. Sold or Exchanged. Best possible prices given. Closed on Thur•days alter 5.

/SATHER BANDEAUS. de 9d, 4e 3d, aud ee 9d. .148A'11,1 HER PORTSIANTRAUX, 3e 6d, Se 6d. and 6e 93. TAN LBOTHBR GLAD STONE BAGS, lle 9rl and 13e 9d. SARATOGA TuUNK9 on wheele, fitted with bore tray, patent look and key and fasteners, metal bottom. Ac.. extra lat.= ff. Only 10s 6d. OHits& F D Mlslow, and artl .s NE obAots9 and MLR- SCOPES from 2s 6d to £7 , Lemaire, Roes, Schn:ze, Werze, ,ko See our Stoca

Ants haMbinttl.ls it —A Grand BERECH-LO9DiNCH by 275. l/D. G(I first-class maker ; self-extracting, top action and in condition guaranteed equal to new. Also a D.B. Gun by Parker, Bath-street, at 635; and a HAMMER- LESS P.B. Gun at £6 19a Rd.

_ 18 • _ Sewn(' hand LAWN 1.419 W LiNhS S. D. GUARANTEED GOOD CUTTERS, beet quality blaJes, lOn. Ills, 12In. 13s. GRASS SHEARS from le. WS CHEST 218.—Also a ()AMNIA REF tl(4 rakATOR 1 fitted, quite new, 30s. Also others. larger. LI AS COOKING SIOVE. Els, with (wet, griller, and boiler. Alb° a large ditto, enamelled, suitable for a , restaurant ; sell cheap. 00AL COOKING STOVES and RANGES ; Mgr) GALLEY ‘..! STOVES ;as seal for sale from 20. —TS tn-4,4E i BROS. - -

A uoLD wbiL,DING r.iss. W. will present absolutely withoat chlrge a Government- stamped 22-et. Gold Wedding Ring to purchasers of Furni- ture to the amount of £l2 and upwards at our low advertised prices.—Unoreeedented offer.

nt li fIT, wardrobe with mirror 595. Ur). door and drawer, dressing chest 4 drawers, and swing mirror ; wa,bstand, marble slab and tile back, towel rail, and 3 chairs ; all nicely painted and grained equal to real oak, with floral inlays ; 53e 6d the lot ; greatest bargain ever offered. Another Suite, walnut, at £4 l9s 64.

26 12 6 —("ortb 212 ) . Handsomely S. n. pobed BEDIWOM SUITE, all guaranteed solid, comprising large mlrrorsd9or wardrobe, dressing chest, with large centre mirror, moveable side wing mirrors, 4 large drawers, locks and keys, and brass handles ; washstand, marble slab, tile back, with bevelled shaving mirror ; and towel rail. Also a Suite In solid oak, RS 17s. 6rl.

(wo £2O. tiaziosome bond Walnut E -- nt. I 2 S. BEDROOM SUITH, long cheval mirror, also side wing mirrors on dressing chert ; bt. Annes marble slab and back ant shaving mirror on washstand ; elegantly carved mirror wardrobe, large size, Also a beautiful Suite in solid walnut, with rouge marble slab wai,hitand, side wing dressing chest, at £8 17s. 6d.

:214 10 —Burr Walnut SUMS. sft. wardrobe ; t S. also 6ft. Suite in burr walnut, one of the handsomest in Liverpool. .230 ; and a very fine Snite in Sheraton Mahogany, magnificently inlaid. only £1.7 17s. , Grand show at HUGHES BROTHERS. Qi —DRESSING CHEST AND WASHSTAND, US. (P. light or dark wood, like new, swing mirror attached ; also towel rail. 595. 6D.-67TaAtErt, 13)Rb bevelled Gm iCHEST A marbleN p slIVa t Saila tile back ; nice braes handles. 1•7 —Expensively-made Pair of DRESSING TABLES, US. side wing Dressing Chest, with large centre mirror, jewel boxes, and 4 large drawers,washstand marble and tilea, wit hlshaving mirror attached, also towel rail; another Pair at £5 10s. HUGHES BROTHERS. CARPETS. New and secondhand, from 7s. 6d. to 25.1

30 PARLOUR SUITho ON FItSW ON ONI3 ROOM. s, P.! I • —P UiLOUE SUITIts, in rnby Plush, Six b• OD• Pieces. Couch. Pair of Easy., and 3 Small Chairs ; also a Suite in saddlebags, mahogany frames, 555, ; —DIVING-ROOM SUITE, In Leather Cloth, good '"t eiS condition, padded backs, spring seats. Also a very fine Suite at 575. 6d. 7 s7i it —Handsome Saddlebag SUITE, like new. S. VD. Also a `at.ile in Tapestry,solld walnut frames, at 69i. 6d. 2 4 laid. 6ID 5q.113; elTEiwa ; Raul sboy a FSiagguerfre;le enV °DI let taot and a very handsome Suite In oak. fashionable, 6 high-bsck Chairs, 2 Easy., and Couch at £lO ; and a costly Divan Suite in expensive Axminster aguidlebags, 2 large lounge chairs, 4 smalls, and roll-too couch, at £lO 10s. *uite in silk. cabriole legs, at £8 17s 6d Grand display at HUGHES BROTHERS. R 6 JO —Solid Fumed Oak SIDEBOARD, bevelled S. mirror back ; also one in solid walnut, 41t. 61n4 wide, at £4 17e 6d ; grandly-carved Sideboard. 61t, in solid mahogany bow front, carved drawer fronts, and panelled cupboards, with lofty plate-glass back, £l2 17. 63 ; one Sit, in solid walnut, £6 10s ; others from 37s 6d at HUGHES

la —I3ED ;An n. comprising tue-r,ze ernes tiss:l R. On. rail Bedstead., Wire Mattress, and selected Flock Bed, Bolster, and 2 Pillows, all quite new arid clean; another at 59s 6d, worth £c ; splendid ieearher Bed, l9s 6d ; one with pure linen box bordered tick at 32s 6d ; very heavy brass-rail B.dsterras from Re Rd at HUG ld IS B1(0,1,

SOLIIJ OAK • atensting 'JIMA/S. ll'AkiLS, 3 loose leaves ; 245 6d. 12-11Y5vORTII WRINGBC ; cost 60s ; good condition ; -IX now 255. fiIEATHEB BED, Melia linen tick, god size, 195. 81. SINGIM'S CABINET SEWl'ca. MACHINH ; cost £l5 ; now, quite new, £6 195. 63. J(ncHtor DRRSSHICS from 76 6d ; some with mirror back ; suitable for parlour use. at 39s 63. Every necessary for Furnishing at HUM-Hid BROS. (11011 Stock of Forfeited Jewellery, Tools, Itc., U., the • largest in Liveenool. Inspection Invited.

It[NEO.9Olll%l ()UMW ; use Porter's specific. is. 3d. and 2s. Bd. bottle, post flee plain package, in 3 strengths, state the age. An tuvailing remedy for this disease. —PORTER 14 CO • Ely, Cambs. LL DISHASES CUM.:D.—Free Treatise, worth Hs. Indigestion. Wind, Hpilepsr, Hesrt Diteme.Aleoholistn, ,to. Frte on application. —PEOPRIETOR " World's Pills," 49, lianway at.. Oxford at., London, W.

NDIGIISTI,.?N.— If you suffer throusm this. THY Celeh.ated Compound. Quick, Sure and Safe. Hundreds of testimonl4ll. trice Is. id• post free.— MILLERa, 119 a Bag lane, Athertm. Lancashire.

EczliMA.—re, rate, effectual cure with herbs. Recipe free with list of horns and remedies. Postcard will do. -iIiwAITES, herbalist, Sto.kton-on-Tees. rIONSCINIPTION. Bronchitis, Asthma, Separate Remedy for each disease, Cures guaranteed, Thousands have b-en quickly and permanently cured. no cae is hopeless, Specialist advice on all medical subjects abiolutely free. Substantial prizes offereo to introduce our remeclier.—a..B.C. ItEretaur Co. 7:4, ilighgate Hill, London, N.

A CLEAR, healthy Skin assured by the use of Curl I. Ointment. It cures Eczema, It?h, Farber's Rash, Pimples. Freckles, tiespota, &C., after a few applications. Any skin trouble rapidly vanishes before It no matter how lon,,etanding. is. 3d. past free from The CIT tIL Co , 6 St. Paul's rd., Tottenham, N. STANLE t'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS GIVE INSTANT RELIEF, AND NIIVBR FAILS TO EFFECT CURE IN FEW DAYS. BOXES IS. IP., OR (3 BOXYS IN ORE) 2. 913., YOST FREE FROM STANLEY & CO., CHEMISTS, BAGLEsCLIFFE, R.S.O.

DON'T MISS THIS SPECIAL OPPOIiTUNIT7. Important Sale—Great Reductions Mornfoy Jiily .2nd to S3turday Aurj. 4 (hid:Isl.:0) E r 7. F...*„.„,....r.12 p Import:art zoncesssoras. immense Stock. CASTE-I 0?..a 2SY 'TE:IRMS. Send for Special Sale and other Catalogues.

PADGATE. _— DEATH OF MRS. SLATER.—Much sympathy will go out to Mr. Slater. the manager of Mr. Farrington's Farm, Fearnhead Cross, on the loss of his wife who died last Friday night and was buried on Monday in Pad gate Churchyard. Mr. and Mrs. Slater had been married npwards. of 47 years and Mr. Slater is sure to feel her loss deeply after so long an association. -4s RETIREMENT OF INSPECTOR EGERTON, OF RUNCORN. The inhabitants of Runcorn will learn with regret of the impending retirement of Inspector Egerton after 2,5} years service in the Cheshire Constabulary. His first few years in the force were spent at Altrincham, under Major Little (then captain), now Chief Constable of Preston, and afterwards he was in the Wallasey and West Kirby districts, where he was promoted to sergeant. Subsequently he was five years at Over, whence he was transferred to Runcorn, with the rank of inspector, and the magistrates and inhabitants of Over recorded their appreciation of his services in a testi- monial and the presentation to him of a handsome gold watch and a purse of gold.

(-14.•,,,,i ~(--------\_,/ 274:7:.„1,< .:,,:, .(,---.• AI , ~,v, At . ~ . [,.. J.,:k' '47,9- , • ' 0 ``N, ..„,„ j ...., Summer Dresses. Summer dresses need not be expensiNe, but they must be in • exqnisite taste. Given a pretty material, nothing shows off a girl to such advantage as a frilly summery dress. We are showing a large variety of goods from 2.-Id. per yard, all choice designs and colours. Some of the cheaper ones, too, make up quite as well as the higher priced / ones. SALE NOW PROCEEDING. W. T. Williams, White House, Sankey Street, WARRINGTON.

•*rl'-o," said Gretton, who Was not Impeccable, "I suppose not." "And, besides my pay, I have four hundred a year." "Cigars," grunted Gretton. No, I smoke a pipe, and my tobacco does not cost much. And now lam in very, good odour at Simla." "When were you fumigated?" asked Gretton, with half a smile. "For I know a young lady who used to say how badly you were treated." Richard wondered how much Madge's father knew. "Things have only altered for the better with me lately. But before I left India I had a long talk with Sir Eustace Camborne' and he was very com- plimentary. I don't think there can be any doubt of my getting on now." "But all the fame it's a very bad marriage for my daughter," said Gretton; "and even if I was brouga—gradually--to think of the matter, I doubt very much whether Mrs. Gretton would consent." "Oh, sir!" cried Richard. "But with your help that would be got over in time." "I don't know so much about that,". said Gretton, dieconsolately. He was really beginning to take sides -With Blundell. - "I think you will find your son likes me," said Richard, after a little pause. "Oh, he does, I know that," replied Mr. Gretton, waking out of an arduous imaginary conversatioa with Amelia. "If I'm a judge of men—and I think I you'll have have reason to be proud of him," said hichard. "He's as keen as mustard, and as cool as a cucumber. We had some very hot work with Colonel Briggs." "So I gathered," said the father. "And did Billy distinguish' himself ? " , Richard described the fight where Billy lost his finger and judiciously made the young subaltern the hero of the melodrama. Mr. Gretton heard the , very crack of the guns, and saw Billy walking to and fro; the Sikhs and Goorkhas climbed the ; mullah's inaccessible path before his eves. "by Jove! I wisn you coma come ano tell tam 1 mother, Blundell," cried Grettou, who was greatly excited. I II will, sir." "Then we must arrange it," said Gretton, hastily. "I'll let you know. But, Captain Blundell, nothing I've said must lm taken as a consmt on my part. I must, of course, make inquiries." "If I can help you in any way. I shall be glad," said Richard, who knew when a victory was won, and when it was inadvisable to pursue. He looked on Mrs. Gretton as a dangerous defile to get troops entangled in. That there were friends in her fastnesses was enough. "By Jove! he's a fine fellow. Hang me! He's a very fine fellow," said Gretion. " Upon my soul, I'm not surprised at Madge liking him. I Wish to ' Heavens I'd been in the army myself. If Amelia doesn't like it, she must lump it." But this wiis after lunch. "I've seen him, Madge," he whispered, as they went in to dinner. "Oh!" said Madge, but before she could ask a single question her mother sailed in, and sat down with a rare and satisfied smile. "You wouldn't look so pleased if you knew," thought Gretton. "Are you better to-night, Amelia?" "No, I am not better," cried Amelia, "but I feel better able to bear it." Madge looked brilliant and beaming. "You wouldn't look so pleased if you knew," thought her mother as she ate her way through dinner as if it were an obstacle race. So as all of them thought their own thoughts, and two could not speak before the other, dinner was a silent function. "Oh, did you ? " asked Madge, in the smoking room, when Mrs. Gretton took a nap on the drawing-room sofa. "I did." "And—you liked him?" "What, like the man, who wants to take you away? I hated him." "And do you hate him now, dad? " "Not quite so much. But, Madge, I'm afraid it's not much of a match for you." "Oh, now you talk like mother, dad. \lf-mild you rather have me marry a duke and cry my eye out, or marry a crossing-sweeper and be happy? "Why not marry a duke and be happy ?" "They're all too late, dear dad. They've lost their chance now, poor things. Put Debrett in mourning. But did you like him ?" Mr. Gretton lighted a cigar. "He's not bad, I thought." 011, you dear!" She sat on his knee. "Go away, Madge, you don't want me.. She laid her head on his shoulder. "I won't go." "You will. Yes, I didn't dislike him. But he's very old." "Oh,, ' cried Madge, indignantly, "how can you say such things? Why, you're as young as young can be, and he's much, much yoimger than you." "Well, we won't argue that point," said the father. "But he's very poor." "I shall be rich some day." "And I feel he has a deuce of a temper." "Yes, doesn't he look like it," mused Madge, with evident satisfaction. "I can imagine him just frightening me to death." "And you like the notion?" "I adore it." • "Do I understand you Made?" Madge laughed. "The very idea! Of course not, did. But what's goinl to be done?" "Yes, what ?" "D4d, I think we'd better get married, and tell mother afterwards." "And what about me ?" "You can come to India with us for a trip." "I was thinking of it." Madge smiled, and purred on his shoulder again. "Why, I knew you were. But what about my little plan ? " Mr. Gretton shook his head. "I don't like it. No, it wouldn't, be suitable /I "For a girl and a Gretton, as mother says." He nodded. "You're very young, and can wait a bit, Madge." "But Richard isn't so very young. Oh, yes, he is; but not young enouah to wait very long. And besides, he must go back in six months." "Six months? Impossible, Madge!" "It's a—very—long—time," urged Madge. If it wasn't, I couldn't think of it." "Why, it's no time at all! It's to-morraw 1" "Dad, how absurd of you to say such things I Why, six months are years You know they, are. At any rate, they're lots of time to think in." She combed his hair with her hand, and pulled his ear. "I don't think I love you so much, after all," said her father. "Stuff !" cried Madge. And, going to bed soon after, she felt that all the worst was over. To have one final and awful row with her devoted mother did not seem so terrible. Had not all the long years been passed in preparation for such a battle?

fresh fruit makes for $(.7 alih. The juice contains the healthful Properties. You cannot take it better than prepared with Corn Flour as a Fruit Jelly. The Corn Flour should be Brown g Pason's " pateqt," and the recipes can be had gratis and post free from Brown 8c Poison, Paisley. A post card will bring them by return.

instantai .. ii.iit,74,4:. 7. ~_-1. . ... -......- •••••,-i-e•-••-•• .m•••••• i W 0... ~...** `....". -...' •••,, i 1 -.A.f.P. t*:•4I4•VV4••• .....'1 ..47•:-".o,fr.:C: - -•= '-' A.,,, '"' . 1 _....4 CP' : .' • . .-15. 40,14 Z, e• ";•••••717.Tw,;., •--, ..`, .....4,v, ~, .1,....-- ..„.. 1.,.....,...,4 * 4..., •A,..,.v..,,,e2...„„;,....: ~,344....*, l!. 7.4 t .• \1), . •,,, ~, ( L ..? 4, .., 4 -,.. %., , ... • • ..., ' i,,.,4• • \ I e• 4, s - 7 T f c• \„ , Cr( ' , ..x. ~ ~ , \..,:,/ WITH .. . ~ , 1 ------IH7insoaable Delicacies! A .... ~ -li 'TTAT, ...1. .I „.., _ , t ISUL`f. yrature provirlcs tlic 2ruit : . RPMEC•FIR THE 1117/711. Stewed Chareas & Custard. " aird " supplics tl-Le Custard : ~ T.ewod Razoberrloa & Custard. 3 • ..-', k, .stswed Red Curranta &Custard Efe.- Cry thcm iogether. ~. Sliced Bananaa & Custard. BIRD'S CUSTARD is the Gaze thing ,t ~.tewtsti Apricots& aus:ard. Reededwith all Stewed, Tinned, 4 ...".. 4. or Bottled Fruits It enhances -,, . then' flavour, and imparts to qf f f ' 11 v.-' fit f, f therl a ,tratPful mellowness. *c44:',.., .., eascIanerafiIIiWnSINC:C=ICIIIMS.IISIDP .0 , 4,4ii* f , , • 4, V. , „,...4.4,4,.1-1•;44,311444, 2 il ~ , ~., . . . , ~ .., .-,,, - ,-„, ~- ~.,:. .:.: .-.- '; . -....: - ~,,,.7:- : -;•,. • -.',....-.-..:-.: -- '.- . - ' :,:r;.. 7. - ' ' • ' • -..-1;::f-,,.. ,„ , •.;..- ~, - - _ ,

Goddardg Plate.' '- Powder- far near: in,g Si lver, Etectro Prate.gfr stild everywhere 1172/6s.

MAZAWATTEE TEA Pure. Fragrant. Recalls the Delicious Teas. of 30 Years ago. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS.

the new brown bread, contains all the body-building salts and nourishment of the wheat. Unlike ordinary brown bread, a " Turog "loaf is light in crumb and beautifully crusty. The flour is partially cooked in preparation, hence " Turog "Bread is very digestible. Write to-day for Free Sample Loaf, mentioning your baker's name and address to SPILLERS & BAKERS LTD., (Dept. P 16) CARDIFF.

SQCPRAiiiii that have mAde fortunes.`—Post free 6d.- 1.7 5T02135, Tenth avenue, Newcatale-on-Tyne. • TDEAL Bummer Drink.—Pure Cider. Price list free.— FONNOR DI/RECANT. I TD.. Ifolrner,ffereford.

its. iNsutcallom BOOK, 'loyal London ; old bust- nest ; price £llO ; collected In two days ; situate Porthwich and Winsford.—Apply t, B. livexs, it.. Crewe.

BOOTs.—Ladies' and Gents' Box (JAR or Glace Ki t at lowest prices. Ladies' Button or I,ce. 65. 91.; Gents.' 83. 6d. Tan 33. extra; carriage paid—SUPPLY 96 Dudley rd, Birmingham. /THERE'S MONBY 16 IT—Remnants by weight 1. experience unnecessary ; send stamp for catalogue oldest estsblisbed.—CociataNE's WAREIWUSE. Regent rd. Salford, Manchester. _

UVNLY Coloured Postcurds.—lsle rf Wight, 24, Is., post _LA free. Splendid value. Splendid Penny Books tor children, 6d. doz., post free. liright stories ; good value.— Hazeidene, 6ea View, I.W.

OLLOWAY'S (Vinvires) Meat and Malt Wine for Anxmia Debility, enriches the blood, strengthens system ; bottle, Is 6d, 2a. 91.. ol Chemists, or post free.-11oLLowsfe WINE Co.. 5 Water lane, London, B.C.

BOOTS AND SHOHS for Ladies and Gentlemen at One Penny per t.air, wahine, offer ; absolutely satisfaction guaranteed—'tamped ad tressed envelope for particulars to HANSONE, Mill lane, Towcester, Noithampton.

QTUAR E'S r. mart "Genuine" TA.ILO COSTUNIIIS 1,.7 and Dresses to measures ; two guineas. Patterns illustra- tions and measure forms, post free.—S rtlaaT (frOna .ohool- breds), 20, Albany st., alegents Park, London.

IHICKST, Tennis, Cycling, Fishing. and other sports.— \ State wants ; ask prices ; London quality ; satisfaction guaranteed ; reasonable prices • easy payments arranged where desired.—READ, 130, Tollington Park. London.

NVONDBfiIeUL OFFElt.—Genuine hand-forged and opecially hollow-ground liazors ; guaranteed the world's flneot shavers ; poet free le. 9d. and 2s. 6d.—THE CUTLERY MANUFACTURING Co.. Trafalgar St., Sheffield.

V HITE BUTTER PAPER 1254 64. per cwt. Grease Proof. 225. ; Cheese Paper, 10s. Can Paper from ed. ; Sweet Bags, loz Cups. 64d. 1,000. LONOWoRTIfeI, Oak at.. Thomas at., Illanehes Ler.

A LL Hairdressers should try Curnherbirch's celebrated 11. QURT‘IN RAZOR. cheapest and best yet produced ; every razor guaranteed ; praised by all users.—Write for price to 27. ROCHDALE xn.,Shudehill, Manchester.

ILIB Cif HAPitST PRINTR S.-10,000 handbills 10s., 1 5,210 78., 2,00:145.; I,COO billhAade, memorandums, business eArds,postcards or envelopes,printed complete for 41s• 39.. 2to 2s. Other work equally cheap.—PitTEßlS BROS., 87, Victoria it Liverpool.

(ZUPHRYLCOUS HAlR.—Perfelted Electrolysis (by !dr. IJ Parkes' Invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity tor permanent destruction. The only method which never disappoints By appointment only.—Stamped envelope to Mr. ROBF;RT J. PARKES, 2, Church it.. Southport.

WIRE NAILS (Mixed), Ss. per cwt, 281b9, 2s. 334 '.;crews. mixed. 285. per cwt. ?Sibs 7a. 6d.; Wire, Cut, Wrought, and Malleable N,dls Rivets, etc., etc., wholesale prices.—Mcmalsn NAIL Wacir9, 25 and 26,Itea at., Brimiugharo. JOHN PYRE, Proprietor.

TO BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Wldnes.—The exteneive 1_ Works, lately nsed by the Lancashire Manure Co.. with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Land. with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemicil or other works requiring space.—Address HosKING, 10, Fenwick street, Liverpool.

IMPORTANT JO LADlNs.—Startling discovery has been _IL made by Erasmus Searle Hair Specialist for Restoring weak and thin Hair, its powerful properties also render the hair soft and glossy. It is most beneficial where the hair is falling from the result of Hine's, and is absolutely safe ,o the most delicate skin. Rapede Hair Restorer. post free. I*. 6d., from ERASMUS SEARLE, Hair ipeciailst. 187, Greets Green rd-, West Bromwich.

_ APSOSITABLB 131..NI411S.—CoefiP Wares for etd. Bazaars. I)ealer3. Auctioneers. Markettnen &c. Cheap Crate Hawkers' Seconds. Rarthenware, etc. 500 articles, all sound and saleable, 39a. 6d. Complete Catalogue for those established or commencing 3d. stamps.—ARTIIUR J. HULL (Dep. W.H.), Normacot Road. London, Staffordshire. LHAvVldhali.Y HAT'llfatt mosh).—lieeps out the 0 smallest birds; oiled and dressed ; will not rot If left out in all weathers ; 105 yds. by 1 yd. wide, 4s. ; by 2 ycle. wide, Es. ; by 3 yds. wide, 12s. ; and so on up to any width ; carriage paid on orders over ss.;cash returned if not approved of.—H. J. G.s.asoiv, Net Works, Rye.

NBW CABIN STOVE. with oven, boiler and steamer com- plete, cost £27 ; an offer requested. Steam Engine, 3 h.p. with drum and vertical boiler £2i, cost £75. 401 t. of liin. shafting, fitted with plummer blcks. riggers, bevel wheels and leather bands complete £l5, cost £3B. One Sit. screw cutting lathe, treadle or power, 7n. centre £37, cost £74.-30111Vaotf AND RAVEY. 4, Conduit et., London.

p ATBINT OF F I on. ANUEIBSTER ESTABLI9IELCD IN 1835. Elessre. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have hna aaore than 40 years' personal, experience in connection with this Establish meat andpossesspractiaalknowledge of the oetton,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6(1. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. GEORGE DAVIES, C. 8., A SON, F.1.P.A., 4. ST. ANN S SQUARE. KANO HESTER.

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMIT:SD (late Ormerod Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Large:: Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchasc4 all Wheel, Pulley and Tooth Block Patterns &a., belonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London-road Iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,ancl all kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and tJulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphin Orrmsrort Grlerson. Manchester."

Ari. B .-TO B SOLD or LBT. superior semi-detached Villa. just completed, in Marlborough Crescent, Latchford-Without. Magnificent outlook, large garden c every modern convenience.—Apply F. W. WRIGHT, Builder, 27. tit. Mary's et., Warrington.

"MATRIMONIAL TIMES." the best and quickest introductcry medium for all desiring a matrimonial alliance ; price 6d., in sealed envelope.—address EDITOR Rooert Radford, 5, Featherstone Buildings, Holborn, W.

SELP-P7HRIILING MERLIN CHAIRS, £2 10a. ; r..;e11- propelling Chairs. with lever. £7 10. ; photo sent.— FAITHFUL. 208, Philip lane, Tottenham, Landon. Citif SAL% GIG (rubber-tvred) aultAble for 14 or 13 hands; price £8 or would exchange for second-hand Cob.— Apply N. WpfsrAarmET, Butcher. 31, M‘rket 11%11. Wigan .

CIICCLES.-5.G00 guaranteed Machines. B.S.A. and Badie's nsw and second-hand twin 25e. ; accessories half-price. Send for 83-page Catalogue tree; wholesale prices ; eye- owner to all; 50 per cent cheaper than others. Agents Wanted.:--WAltitmow Ss Co., Weston—super-Mare. 000 WHEELS,IIn.& fin pitch,lB. 11d. each; 500 ne w saddles, best leather. 2s. 6d. each ; 1,030 silver-plated handle-bars, 2s. 6d. each ; chains, bells, spanners. oags, lamps. prices right. Write for 80 page wholesale list, free.—WAHRILOW & Co., Weston-super-Mare.

TIOPHFURE REMOVAL TO NEW PadMISN3.--708EPH reCKSHOOT & CO., LTD., New Bridge it., Manchester, will offer during the neat fortnight the remainder of theit stock of second-hand Br ugham., Victories. Four-wheal Dog- carts, Oigsstc., st greatly reduced prices. Inspection invited,

24 S. 6D._slinapreerißorargealitorleunni:fdl.gbaAirnadoet soiled, new departure coasting bun, free wheel and back pedalling brake; also front inverted lever rim brake. A. Won Clincher Tyres, on silver-plated rims, with enamelled centres, beautifully enamelled ant gold lined, mud-guards, lamp, bag, bell.spanner. oil—can and pump; lowest £1 18s sd; only wanta seeing; approval before deciding.--r. HUMPHRIES. Shirley, fillenborough Park. Weston-suDer-Mare.

VCR DISPOzAL, a Bargain, Gent's Coventry ball free 12 wheel CYCLB ; not soiled new isF Xmas, silver plated rime, all parts beautifully plated on Copper, rim brake, new and up to date, not ridden more than 20 miles, best pneu- matic tyres and tubes never punctured. guaranteed all new, complete with plated gas lamp, bell, bag, pump spanner and oiler, also enamelled Mud Guards, cash urgently wanted £3 12s. 61, approval willingly. T. HII4BASD, Chargrove House, Ashoombe-road, Weston-Super-Mare.

CYCLI4 (bargain. marvellous sacrifice).—Gent's New Cycle, not Used a dozen times, highest grade, best pneumatic tyres and tubes, two rim brakes, inverted levers, latest 1906 machine; beautifully plated, enamelled and gold lined, plated rims, enamelled centres • ball free wheel; magnificent machine; cash urgently wanted ; E 101.; complete, with plated gas lamp, bell, bag, pump, U.; approval before cash sent.—M. HOUSE, Bitoa, Aslocsombe Park rd„ Weston-super-Mare.

jA, STRRR & CO., 166, LONDON RD.. LIVRRPOOL, 1J have the following first-class Secondhand CARRIAGSS FOR SALFI at reasonable prices .- 4 Landaus (two with rubber tyres). 4 Victorias (one double victoria). 2 Large Waggonettes, carrying 12 and 14 persons. 5 Broughetos, in capital or. ier. 1 Liverpool Dogcart, suit 15 to 16 hands. 1 Pony Governess Cart, suit 12 bands. 6 New Governess Carts, various sizes and prices. Full particulars on application to 166, London rd , Liver- pool Telephene 2114 Royal.

A/1" ARCONI Coils, Tyres, 011, Dinin Accumulators, Pognon Star, Oleo. De Dion, Aster Plups ; tools Horns. Lamps (Paraffin and acetylene), Cubicle, (Petrol ; all the latest ; Repairs to all cars. Arrol-Johustobe Cars : The 12-15-h.p., at £4lO, is equal to, and will maintain a better average speed than any :other make at £500; have a trial free. THE LIVERPOOL MOTOR-HOUSE, LTD., 6, ATHERION-STREET, LIVaRPOOL. Telegrams : "Centurion." Garage • Day Free. Telephones: 1828, 650. .• 1 Night. J. WILSON, MANAGER.

MOTOR-CAR [INSTRUCTION AND MANAGEMENT. Driving, mechanism, repairs taught in specially equipped garage, fitted with gas engine, lathe, &c., on either Petrol, Steam, or Electric Cars, by practical and experienced instruc• tors, under constant supervision of a QUALIFIED ENGINEER. The course is unlimited. and pupils are kept till they are thoroughly proficient and able to qualify for the Co.'s cc rti- ficates.—MANSlONS bioToß TELINING Garage, 23 Victoria Street, London, SAY

ClYCLll.—Marrellous bargain ever offered; no use to V owner: Coventry high-class 'Machines ; New Departure coasting hub. free wheel, and back-pedalling brake, front rim brake, Clincher A Won tyres; machine not soiled, and not used 12 times ; all accessories ; cash urgently required ; 15s. 6d. ; worth double ; will send on approval before cash received; genuine.—Apply to G. BLACKMORE, 2,oaford it., Weston-super-Mare.

" E NERGINE" THF NW MOTOR SPIRIT GIVES INCREASED POWER AND SPEED, WILL NOT CARBONIZE YOUR SPARKING PLUGS, AND GIVES NO ODOUR FROM THR EX HAUST. RNERGIrE " WILL REDUCE YOUR PETROL BILLS. IT (IDES FROM 50 TO 80 PER CENT. FURTHER THAN OTHER PRTROLS. GIVE IT A TRIAL. " RNERGINE " IS FREE FROM ACID. SOLE AGENTS :- THE " E _ NEROINE " (British Agency) CO., 19, SWERTING STREET, LIVERPOOL.

rIiNKETH.—GOOD nousas WITH GA.RDICIS, 3s. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per Week. IVY LODGR,FRO4HALL LANE, reduxed rent. 41, NNW ROAD, 4s. 9d. week. 55, WASH LANE, rent £l4 per year. LL STRERT. OYFlCE3,ground floor. Also upper rooms. BAKEHOUSE, centrally situated, rent 4s. WORKROOMS near Bridge otreet, rent be. per week. 13, GEE STRN KT, rent 4s. per week. 83, HOWLRY LAHR, rent ss. per week. 15, CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. 3d. per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE. Ratilte Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War- Telephone—No 55.

TO LET, goad HOUSE in Derbpstreet, rent 4s. 6d. will JL be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOoDS at SON, n °Helton, Warrington. TO LET GOOD HOUSE, Parker street, rent 351. month 1. clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply woops 8, Sots, Solicitors, Warrington.

KNUTSFORD-ROAD.—TO BE LET. House. containing two sitting-moms, kitchen,soullery, four bedrooms and bathroom ; rent 8. per week ; no rates.—Apply J• LIINT Bridge-foot Warrington.

A BBROBLB.—CAMBRIAN HOTEL, Pensarn, Abergele: —The only Family and Commercial Hotel, under new management; good ttble and borne comforts, APARTMUNTS and Board; moderate term.--Apply B. WORRALL, Proprietor (late of Bury).

A NGLESEY EHOSNEIOR.—HaBLO4 LAKE HOTEL. Sportsman's holiday home. Adjoins sea, lake, and surrounded by excellent golf links ; sea. trout, and coarse fishing ; bathing, boating, shooting.—Hoderate inclusive terms from PROPRIETOR. pOARD-RESIDENOR from 25. weekly.no extras, generous table.-47 UPPER BEDFORD PLACE. London.

BLACKPOOL. AOLE A N'S PRIVATE HOTEL. 111 LANSDOWNE CRESCHNT, NORTH SHONE. Finest position on Sea Front. Near Stations and Norti,. Pier. Late dinners (separate tables). Moderate Tariff. Telephone No. 0559. APplv PROPRIETRESS

OARD-RHSIDEINCH.—Lady living in Wirral, l miles horn Storetor Station, four from Birkenhea& and lit from Heswall would receive ladies or gentlemen. Pony trap Kept.—HEATHFIELD, Thingwall, Birkenhead

I kOUGIAI3.-31rs. alicCuLLoca, Abercrombie House. 2, 1, Royal-avenue West. Overlooking the entire bay. Boarders and non-boarders. Beds, 2s, per night ; board, from 4e. 6d. 'Prams from steamer every minute.

rouckLas.—CHALMERS' YORK BOARDING Et•TAB- LIaHMENT, Castle Terrace, Central promenade. Trestle pass from steamers. First-olass table. Terms from ss. 6d. per day. Central and best position on front. TIuBLIN.—WAVOILItY HOTEL, Rackville st., Rest. attd. Central. Mod. Garden roof. Every comfort

DUBLlDL—Comfortable, Select PRIVATE HOTEL, 86, Lower Gardiner st. ; central ; bed, breakfast, baths, 2s. 6d. Mn. LYONS. MMLEY.—VBRN HOU3B BOARDING BSTABLISHMNNT .112 on sea front; smoke-roont; tariff moderate —A. REYN9LDS

HARVEY'S, " INGLEWOOD,' BOARDING FISTAB- LisHms I', 6, Derby terrace, Central Promenade, Douglas, Isle-of-Man. Finest position on sea front; magnificent views of the bay and headlands ; cars from Pier pass the door ; late dinner ; 51. per day.--Mrs. HARVRY.

LANGOLLUN, N. Wales.—Tyn-y-wern BOARDING LA ESTABLISHMENT. Late dinner, croquet, tennis, fishing. Nrom ss. 6.1. per day.

lANDUDHO.—B‘RON HILL BOARDING- HSTAB- I 4 LISHMENT, CRAIG—Y-DON ; private apartments if desired splendid views ; two minutes from promenads ; moderate terms.--Mrs. Muria&

LANDUDNO.—West End Private HOTEL and Boarding 1.4 Establishment ; charmingly situated ; good sea views ; large drawing, dining, smoking rooms; 40 bedrooms ; table cl'hote ; separate tables; excellent cuisine ; moderate terms. —Manageress, Miss SHIPMAN.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HGTELS LIMITHD. 34 TO 10 LIIDGATO HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SWAMI. HOME COMEORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET; CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

POETIIt, SH ("The perfect place," " London Daily Mall") —An ideal Holiday is ensured when you stop at one of the WHITE HOUSE HOTELS (Windsor, Central, Cool - hagee) ; moderate tariff, plentiful tables, enjoyable company clean and comfortable rooms. Write for booklet.—HAsslLToil Wen Co., the White House, Portrnsh. Ireland

• SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT ET OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CR APEL-hTREET. ES fIMATES GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIES. PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEcT ESTABLISHED RESTA.URANT IN TOWN,

DOUGLAS YOU WANT A COMFORTABLE PLACE TO STAY WHILE ON YOUR HOLIDAYS—TRY 1 THE ‘,./LUMBER DERBY TERRACE, CENTRAL PROMINADE. Stands in the centre of the promenade with magnificient views of bay and headlands. GOOD BEDS Pads from 2s. GOOD ATTUNDANCR Full board GOOD TABLE with every attention Satisfaction Guaranteed from ss. W. BATLSON, Proprietor.

A PARTMENTS.—Farmhouse near Moors; lovely scenery Pk and walks ; Fcarboro' 7 miles ; good roads tor cycling.— Address Mrs. Rol:aims, 11111 a Green Farm, Hackness. Scalby,

BLAUKPOOL.—Comfortable Home for one or two ladle!. or married couple, in quiet end select neighbourhood ; every eonvenienoe.—Apply Mrs. CLARICO, 46, Wood- land Wove.

BLACKPOOL.-Plealant homely f''2kl‘ThiENTS, public or private ; delightfully situated ; sea view ; seven minutes from station and piers ; bed. 2s. per night for one or two persons ; stamp for reply.-2lre. BREAKELL, 11, Alexandra rd. DLACKPOOL.—PubIic and private A,PARTMEYTS, near entertainments ; board 52.6 d. per day.-4, LEOPOLD GROVE.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTMSNTS near sea; bed and attend- ") ance Is. per night for one person.—Mrs. HOLDROYD, L 5, Tyldesley rd., (near Foshan Hotel.) pLACKPOOL—PubIic and private APA STA& ), NTS, sea .1-1 view ; one minute Victoria pier and station.—Mrs. Ilsomual, 12 Withnell rd., South Shore. BLACRYOOL, SOUTH SHORE.—Comfortable AVM-LT- A/ ASP fS, " Is. each parson per night;; minute to station and sea.—Mrs. KING, 66. Dean it.

J3_ _ LACKPOOL.—Mrs. H. HOLME, Hauerley House, 19, Cocker et., North Shore. Public and Private APART- MENTS. Close to sea and Talbot td., station. Terms on application.

DLACKPOOL.-30, Plea.ant it., North Shore, Public and IJ Private APARTqRNTi ; four odnutes from Talbot Road Station; two minutes from sea.—Mrs. WoOD, and Miss FIPHER from Dewsbury.

BLACKPOL/L. QUPRRIOR ILPARTMENTS.—HaIf a minute from Prom- enade three minute& from Talbot rd. HAWKINS, S. PLEASANT ST., CLAREMONT PARK. Telegrams Emergency." Teleplicne, 0633.

BLACKPOOL.-APARTAINNTS, with or without board; three minutes from Central Station and Sea ; ball piano. Parties catered for.—Mrs. HARRY STARKIE, 5, Palatine rd. (lat. of 58, Erdington rd.)

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board. Pacing sea. Close to pier and promenade. Sitting and bedroom. Comfortable for ehil- them—Mrs. LITTLEmonE, West House, Waterloo rd.

COVArYN BAY. Cardigan House Greenfield rd.—Comfort- able APARTAIHNTS, board lidesired ; two mins, from promenade and pier; 5 mins, from woods terms moderate ; Special attention to invalids.—Miss B. B. dorms.

DOUGLAS, lele of Man,—lfomely APARTMENTS at "The Annandale" 1 Church rd., Promenade. Board or otherwise. Reasonable terms.—Mies EASTHAM, Proprietress

DOUGLAS.--Gomfortable APARTMENTS with or with- out board. Beds from Is. 6d. per night. Trams pass from per.—Mrs. WAOD, Ramsbottom House, 8, Kingswood Grove.

DOUGLAS, ISLE OF MAN.-22. Desniesue rd. (off Bucks rd.) ; Comfortable APART:C:ON US with or without board ; tea, bed and breakfast 21s. weekly. Mrs. SKINNY%

DOUGLAS.-THE MANOR, Aelmont Terrace, 114, Circular road. APARTMRNT:s with or without board; beds from is. 6d. ; tea, bed and breakfast, 3s. 6d. ; fall board from 4s, fid. Mrs. SORRECH, late of the "St. Elmo."

DUtiLAS.—fl. Home from Home, with or without board, ca few minutes walk from Promenade and Bathing grounds. —Mrs. JONES. Saxonla House, Hutchinson Square, Broadway, Douglas, 1,0,8. Cable oars from Pier right to Hutchinson Square.

DOUGLAb, ISLE OE MAN.—Comfortable and homely APARTMENTS, with• board if necessary. in most central and convenient position ; two minutes from Prom.; moderate terms.— THE MISSES curtnoN. Cheshire TIOMP, 17, Stanley terrace. Broadway.

DOUGLAS. QEA VIEW, wUTCIEINSON SQUARE (off Breadway). KJ COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS with:or without board' Near sea Horse and cable cam pass near ware, Terms very moderate. MRS. ALF. SMITH.

IPURNISHIM HOTS H ; three sitting, floe or six bedrooms bathroom, large garden; tennis ; near station ; end July, 4or 5 weeks ; reterenees.—Mrs. J. COOKE, Ashbourne, Derbyshire.

'IRISH TERRIER PUPS for Sale, three months old, both parents big winners ; Very beat strain ; etrong and heAlthy.—Apply, HENRY EceLy-s. Burscough Estate Yard, near Ormskirk.

YLB OF LOOHALSH, Ross-shire, Scotland.—Private I% modern Furnished APARTMENTS, eitu.ted midst- charming scenery ; Langland'e stesmers cali.—Mrs. HAMILTON, Rock View.

LHAFIC LYTHAM.—Furnishe HOUSH ; seven months from October 2nd; most convenient to work ; central, but quiet ; no children or animate; references required must deeide in July.-11.1rs. Princen.mr SUTCLIFFE, Lytham;

Tti ARICHT PEOPLB, fen t dealer., makers-up and drapers. .13/.. Prints, Voiles, Minding, Printed and White ; enormous variety ; any lengths cut ; no jobs ; our goods always exchangeable.—Wmcigeox, manufacturer, 3, Gore at., Piccadilly, Manchester.

ORECAMBE, W.E.- -Good APARTMENTS, facing sea LVI and prom. ; mod. terms.—Mrs. THORNTON. 10, Winterdyne. OREOAMBE W.E.—Pleasant APARTMENTS public LVI and private; ne rsea and amusements.—Mrs. BELL. 57, Al.xandra rd.

pENMABNISAWR, the Switzerland of Wales.—Send stamp for 111motrated Booklet and Md.—SECRETARY, Improvement Committee, Penrmtenmawr.

PwIIbeII.—APARTMICNTS to Let, 2 sitting, I. 3 bedrooms ; near of and sea; house stands in °en grounds; terms moderate.—Mrs Penrhos, Pwllbeli.

DRIVAT ti APARTMBiTa.—Pacing sea,olose to golf Units, station and P.O. ; safe bathing from door ; exeellent cooking ; well recommended.—Mrs. DAVIEI, Grosvenor, Borth, Cardiganshire. PWLLHICLI.—WPek's Tour, Hotel, Board, dm., and 5 days' Coaching; 50s.—Particulars, HOLIDAY BUREAU, Pwlthell.

QOUTHPORL-111iss HOLuE9, Highgate terrace, 66, Bath st.—PuUlic and private APARTMKNT3 two minutes from promenade and Lord et. illumination.; home comforts ; highly recommended; piano,

TOWYN-ON-SHA., N. WaIes.—APARTICINNTS TO LIT. Home Commands beautiful scenery. One minute walk from sea and station. Golf Links 10 minutes walk Good fishing in district. Good cooking and good attendance M. Josacs, 21Pler Villa, Towymon-•3e. Merlonetb, N. Wales TOWYN-ON-eIIEA, NEHHIONN.CHSHIRE •• FADIFIRLD," 3, MARINE rARADH. WELL FURNISHHD APARTAIELTS. FACING SEA. FISHING- AND .2-OLF. SAES BATHING. MISS JONHS.

TO SMALL INVESTORS QIX PE R CENT. .£1 SHARES WITH INTEREST GUARANTIVID BY BANK, for sale up to 200 in a London. Property Company owning magnificent properties In central London, Rare opportunity. Would split up. BENDD.O PER CENT. DEPOSIT ONLY TO SECRETARY, PARLIAMENT CHAMBERS, WESTMINSTER. S.W.

GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. VP-TO-DATE. GARNETTS' FURNITURE IN ExP ENSIVE. VP-TO-DATE. A GENTS FOR THE GUNN SECTIONAL BOOKCASE. GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. VP-TO-DATE.

FOUND THAT FOR QUALITY & VALUE /iv WINES & SPIRITS FULTON BROS. CANNOT BE BEATEN. FULTON BROS. 20, RENSHAW STREET LIVERPOOL. AL9O Al' FULTON'S BUILDINGS ROCIIDALB. Telepbone 2261 Royal, Liverpool.

VAUXHALL GARAGE, LIVERPOOL (WHIPPLE! k CO.) 32 TO 36 VAUXHALL ROAD. EXPERT EXAMINATIONS AND REPAIRS. SUPPLIES AND ALL ACCESSORIES. • Telephone 6329. Telegrams :—" Whipple," Liverpool.

REAL 1401,1riyAlf TIME NOT A HOT, TIRESOME TIME, BUT A COOL, IZESTFUL, REFRESHING HOLIDAY, HAS THE MAN IN THE SAXONY FLANNEL SUIT. Made specially light—with no sacrifice of the true stylishness for which our Suits are famous, it is well on the way to being . the ideal Suit for Summer. And our New Series of Stylish Cloths is yet another link we hold of Faehion's Chain. The Lounge Suit, 50/., 55/.., 63/. upwards. BOYDELL BROTHERS 43, Bridge Street, Warrington.

: Thelma] Stationmasters' Retirement. I After 33 years service as stationmaster at Thelwall !Mr. Jacob Kite has retired on superannuation. During ! his residence in the village Mr. Kite has made him- self extremely popular and on Monday evening a I fitting tribute was paid to the respect in which he is• held. For this purpose a meeting was beld in the I , ~,.. : 1 se,_uooo4, the Vie3r presiding over a large attendance. I The chairman in a brief address spoke in the highest 1 terms of Mr. Kite's geniality and of the respect in which he was held in the village. Similar testimony Iwas added by Mr. H. Roebuck, Mr. Taylor, Admiral Jones-Parry, Mr. G. R. Williamson, Mr. J. P. Rylands land Mr. Hatton.—Mrs. Williamson, asked Mr. Kite Ito accept a roll tvith names of 87 subscribers, a very I handsome chiming clock, bearing the following 1 inscription on a silver plate,:—" Presented 29 Mr. IJacob Kite by his friends and neighbours, as a mark I of esteem and respect on the occasion of his retirement . from the position after 33 years as stationmaster of : Thelwall," and a cheque for £74 ss.—ln acknowledg- ing the gifts, Mr. Kite said he had simply done his I duty. He was sorry to sever his connection with ; them as stationmaster, but was glad ta know that i through the kindness of the Admiral it would nOt be ! necessary for him to leave the village wl.ere he had i spent so many happy year.—Mr. H. Kite having I spoken, the proceedings closed with the singing of the National Anthem and "For he's a jolly good fellow." ' A FALLEN SOLICITOR. . William Henry Somerset Cells, *ho described him. I 'self as a solicitor, appeared in the dock at the Warring- son Police Court on Tuesday, to answer a charge of being drunk and incapable in Dolman's-lane the pre- vious night. A police officer found him stretehed out 'across the footpath.—lt was stated by Superintendent I Monaghan that he had forsaken his profesion, end now went about gardening.—A fine of Bs. including Costs, was imposed.--Prisoner asked that he might be allowed to send ertelegram to his friends in order to get the money.

• • AP • „Aff "An excellent Food, admirably adapted to the wants of infants and young persons." , —SIR CHARLES A. CAMERON, C.D., M.D., s, Professor of ChemrstrY. R.C.S.I. Medical Officer of Health for Dublin PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT .... TO THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA. , • ;p2gr,AL,7. rwstaor•ww^4.o,.: 40,,cw.0pw 761

E DAC El E entramminsems) FAIRY By CURE Attacking THE ACTS ,7 SEAT LIKE II OF THE MAGIC FAIN. It cures when all else fails. Safe and sure. perfectly harmless. 110CV=4.71.01.1.2013 7d. & 1,1- per box, Post Free 8 or 13 stamps from Fairy Medicine, Co., Norwich.

i,:.0'.. e..--.',,... • ' .',- , ,i'• '',, ',`,,,, --.. --„,5.- .. ~,:,,, -2,-,__//_ •_.::.-N\ ‘ ... •_,li. ~,.,...g ..,,,,5 fte0777,-'2.-i%- ' ._, t , HOW TO a , MAKE GALLONS PRirdE BEER (Non-intoxicating) IN YOUR HOME. MASON'S EXTRACT ... ... £0 0 5 Sugar ... ... ... ... '.'.. 0 0 Sli Yeast or Berm ... ... ... ... 0 0 I f 8 014 00 0 2 '---- 2d. PER GALLON. Pubic Opinion: GOOD I IT'S MASON'S. No other Extract makes Beer like it. Send BSt mps for Sample Bottle, or Postcard for address of nearest Agent. A small Pamphlet, " Hints cm Brewing," sent post free on receipt of id. Stamp. AGENTS \VAN I ED. NEWBALL & MASON, Nottingham.

Aft A r. 4,1 A oift/AN ... , r—SicrW. 'C'. S. ~..,, , . ~ ~,, i,. ~,„ .• , fl :', `-'

Are the Cycles that best stand everyday near. That is a fact proved by the history of Cycling and by the experience of all riders of the famous

The Cycles of matchless excellence of quality and unequalled moderate price. They stood the RACERS, (jEltZtrfgrMeaßt ridGef.roAn; Vigo Land's End to John o' Groats in 3 days, 20 hrs. POPULARS, 15.Lins. without a single es. Jill, intulre. p, not even a punc- They also stood 'the COASTERS, hard, everyday wear &MIN given them by Mr. A. Franklin, postman, of Shipton - under - Wych 10'G' S 1 wood, who has ridden one ' M. 1191 of these cycles for 8 years, 9 miles daily, carry- ing about 6o lbs. of SEMI RACERS letters daily. Total EMUmiles_, 25,664 ; total weight, 149,760 lbs., and STANDARDS the bicycle still runs ' splendidly. filtEgo Full details of these and many other big tests TWO-SPEEDS which prove these bi- 9:7:6cycles unequalled fo r lightness, speed, reliabi- lity, and durability, will be found in the NEW Hudson Catalogue, the finest ever issued. Copies sent anywhere, post free. ! New Hudson Cycle Co.Ld. 52, Parade Mills, BIRMINGHAM, A

UONTMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," thb total number of Commercial Failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, July 13th, was 141, viz. :—New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazetke, 72; Deeds of Arrangement registered,69. The respedive numbers in the corresponding week of last year were : vankruptcies, 86 ; Deeds of Arrangement 71—total 157'; being a decrease of IG. The total num- ber of Commercial Failures recorded during the 28 weeks of the present year ix 4,611; the total number recorded in the corresponding 23 weeks of last year was 4,884, showing a decrease of 273.

r LOCAL ADDRESSES. 1 F. CRABTREU, Bridge Stree, War- -1 ° Mogan. 3. AUSTIN, St 3, nig St Earl3sttlyni. VI. COOK, Et Co., 152, Peasicy Cress Lane, Et Helens. .

riew Rotor Dangers continue to be discovered. Some affect the users of motors, like the liability of parts to fracture from crystalliiation of the steel induced by excessive vibration, which has caused several recent accidents. Others are of serious consequence to the general public, like the dangers revealed in Professor Dewar's analysis of the poisonous fumes exhaled by the motor. The number of motor acci- dents seems to be steadily increasing, and at the same time some of the organized bodies repre- senting motorists are distinguishing themselves by the dissemination of wholesale attacks upon the police in districts where the police are active in repressing furious driving. The cyclist, who suffers from the motor all the time, is, as a.rule, singularly'. silent regarding his grievances, but there can be no doubt that the public are getting more alive to the increasing public dangers pre- sented by the increase of motor traffic, and it is to be hoped that before very long these dangers may be reduced by new legislation for the regulation of motor traffic in the interests of the general public.

ABSOLUTELY FAULTLESS. op. Perfect material, work end finish, every good modern improvement, very iow prices distinguish NEW RAPID CYCLES You should find out about them before making your choice. They hay. 30 years reputation and still lead for combined exaellenoe and low price. Easy terms or good cash discount. Catalogues free. iell Rapid Cycle Co., Ld., Birmingham LOCAL AGENTS S. H. ANTROBUS, Ptidgute Lane, Warrington. CHAS. PARKER, Hough Lane, Widnes. T. GREENHALGH, 61, Darlington St., Wigan W. KERR, 26, Wtstfield Street, St. Helens. A. MORRIS, 172, Bradshawgate, Bolton. T. G. POWNALL, Liverpool Road, Sankey.

MERRY.WEATHERS ~.,..cf_...-,..)::„,„.„---, ~ k -,_-_,-- - ,•-•_-,-- \---, . , ) 0 CLASS •GARDEN HOSE .. 1 63 ,LONC, ACRE.LONDQA,i,,, .1 LARGES-,T MAKERS -oF‘fitsdiVi - CLASS HOSE IN:Tilr: WORLD

BOWLING. --- WARRINGTON WORKS COMPETITION. SECOND ROUND. The second round in connection with th 3 Warrington Works Competition was concluded on Saturday with the appended results. RYLANDS (NO. 1.) WILITECROSS (NO. 1.) G. Shaw l5 G. Warburton 8 J. Woods W. Daniels R. Knight 7 W. Hutchinson G. Monks 4 J. Gleave l5 W. Roughley F. Millar J. Shaw l5 T. Ellison A. Shaw T. Humphreys l5 W. Shaw G. Holbrook J. Wells 153 143 Majority for Rylands, 10. PENKETH. RICHMONDS. H. Bowyer E. Bond l5 E. Flether S. Shane (capt) J. Bowyer l5 J. Percival + 7 A.Lloycl l5 W. Ashcroft l3 J. 8311 T. Swift l5 T. N. Fielding J. Atkinson E. Dumbell J. Higharn l2 P. Hankinson l5 A. Flowyer l5 T. Jones W. Golding 153 145 Majority for Penketh. 8. 1 1 P. & K. (3). SA.NKEY WIRE MILLI. R. Tilling D. Gibson 9 G. Ratter l5 W. Burke W, Rosterne 2 J. Graham H. Rushworth 7 A. Cooper l5 T. Pilkington H. Parry W. Atherton ll W. Sanders l5 T. Burke R. Cooper 9 N. Cook J. Pickering l3 T. Harrison l5 A. Rosterne l5 J. Harrison 105 155 Majority for Sankey 60. - PEARSON & KNOWLES (1). ROBINSON'S. G. Ball (capt.) l5 J. Thornton 6 W. Mee l5 J. Oultram P. Hill T. Hatton l4 T. Cardor l5 J. Gleave l5 J. Rhyder l3 J. Hardman l5 R. Mackie 8 J. W. Worsley l5 J. Melbourne 5 H. Higham A. Shelmerdine C. Littlewood l5 P. Wilson 3 ' P. Ball J. Worley -.. 9 D. Anderson ' 164 113 Majority for Pearson and Knowles 51. THIRD ROUND. Seven byes have been allowed in the third round in order to reduce the clubs to an even number for the subsequeet stages. The only match in connection with the round will be played this (Saturday) afternoon between Monks Hall and Sankey Wire Mills. The first round for the consolation prizes will also be entered upon, and the following matches decided :—Thewlis and Griffiths v. Greenings ; Croshelds (3) v. Whitecross (1) ; Robinsons v. Richmonds and Monks Hall (2) V. Crosflelds (2). The remainder of the draw for the con- solation prizes is : Rylands (2) v. St. Helens Cable ; Castle Rubber v. Warrington Wire Ropery ; Guests Tannery v. Rylands (4) ' • P. and K. (2) v. Longford; and Artipgstalls v. P. and K. (3). The following have been given byes :—Fletchers '2), Armitage and Rigby, Forshaw, Orford Tannery, Rylands (3) ; Hutchinsons and C.L.C.

ec\I4OIO.ucvALGATuRREKRE:ocz, 6,0 RUBBER STAMPS, ; cp TYPE, 160,0----E.PHoNE No. SY-- "tLAN N CA\

THB BUST FAMILY MUDD:IM. KAYR'S WORDSKLL'S PILLS A.RIIA CERTAIN CURB for Indigestion, Biliousnesi, Headache Dyspepsia. Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complaints, &a For Ladies of all ages they are invaluable. Of all Chemists. le. lid., 26. 9d., and 4s. 6d. per box. or post free on receipt of stamps to Depot, 13, St. George street, Norwich. Sample free box Will be sent on receiving name, address, and Id. stamp (to cover return postage). Mention paper. Dep6t, 13, 9T. GEORGE! STRIGIT, NORWICH.

ASK YOUR TOBACCONIST FOR II 4 6 LUNTIN MIXTURE Finest 13le'5Mch:Os Scl. per oz., lb, per 2-oz. Packet. pp THOMSON & PORTEOUS, Edinburgh.

• LADIES _SUN, WINDS, CHANGEABLE WEATHER will play havoc with your SKIN AND COMPLEXION. 66 99 BEETHAM'S .4' Resey Is, however, a Sure Safegprd azaiost tl-eir ill eects. A little used atter washin, will KEEP TI-IE SKIN sorr mild SMOOTH ALL THE ZAZ ROUND. Eatqrs, ls.. Bs. ed.. of 0.7 Cketni, l• d Sd,re s PS. DEETIIIirI .54 SON, CheltAmhatn

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS. Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED. Used In the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Once tried, always wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW The greatest boon ever oNered to the Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, Ito. It does not stick to spider-web-like materials. Sold everywhere In Packets at Id., 3d., and ed. each. PREPARED (PLY BY T. eßrremLny. Chemist, Buteicsninc 7, Whitecross Street, London, B.C.

'451 i

9, 'SEE THE SIGNAL: , t \ i , ' 1 EATING'S A ---;:- ;-iPOWDER _t } ,/ LS BUGS,FLEAS. i Ifr- MOTHS,BEETLES. : Tins396l4 Bellows 9?

INTEREST AT 104 PER CENT. The House of Lords on Tuesday gave judgment in an important money-lending case. A London firm of money-lenders lent to a Mr. Alton, of Derby, since dead, £2,000. The House of Lords held that the claim, which worked out at 104 per cent., was an excessive rate of interest. The money-lenders' appeal against , lower courts' decisions was dismissed with costs.

LOVELY A Toilet Table is incomplete without John Strange Ith ingsarisr anPdretalfian: ns r e , At all Chemists, or direct • with full particulars from " John Strange Winter" 14 HA IR Los West Kensington b&anmons, ndon, W.

-" s • 'e 444 , , • //AN*. 'rt,r) • \.," 4 JAI • ie.. 1 HOW TO MAKE GALLONS PRIME BEER (Nondatoxicntind) IN YOUR. 110 ME. MASON'S EXTRACT £0 0 5 Yeast or Barra 0 0 IA 8 ... = 2d. PER GALLON. Public Opinion: GOOt ITSmkiON'S. No other Extrnot makes Boer like It. Send S Ilinurps for rlsmple Bottle or Ponrcatd for addres, of netrest Agonr. A small Pamphlet, "flints on Brewing," aces pest free on receipt of Id. Stamp AGENTg WANTED NEWBALL & MASON, Nottingham.

. . .FRFE , Alrholesale Prices. Cycles. nr„ 1 Motors & all Ancessonea CIF *) TO L CYCLES from Sird• Wheels, de., half-Prick; AL 50 per cent less than B.S.A. and Eadie's Machine, Never such other makers. II O•PAGE bargains offered. Free. Agents Wanted. ILLUSTRATED WARRILOW a CO. Don't miss sending k..C. for Fres Llst CATALOGUE. wks.ror.-5-14ARE, ENG.

A MARVEL OF VALUE fiEW ACCOD.DIAN-PLEATED SKIRT, " "303Eirial MII:7IV3ELAIL:',I7-","' Ifi SIZTCH. • % f A This smart Skirt . Black, NaTy, or Toile a In C, a,paa ze, 1..T4 4... Alf Alpaca, Eky t...ocda, beautifully Brown made and C Hello, finished. paiarriacc d. Cream 'nay ga. extra. Biscuit. Moue send size of waist and length ruin'. e . Made in 31, 36, :38, 40, 42 inches. Larger kizes 6.1. extra. T.I.I.M.RANT & Co., Skirt Elanufacturers, 58164 HIGH STREET, TOOTING, LONDON, B.W.

, ,•" - - • - 14: pay.: to huy no BEST anti 1 # v. _--..tii. •,.,-.„0, "3 <eril • .‘,1•P,,. .. ,:it, i'. WORLD- FAM '. ,-t,,•: 0 Moderate :-Fe NSS 1 At . „. . . / \''..*I•OUS Purses i, ~.. Grand Prix, .., r L :I'''''' ' 'LUDGATE' Watch _ t.*''.. t207.20.ne B .„ ~ IS THE EST. i 1` - THENt:-QuatrrEn PLATE English Lever. PEST LONDON h 4, _,O At. L.,- Chronometer Balance, all Latest Improvements, 44- -t, k • , ilik% SlC"'linr, Silw,r C -tal Glass Cases £5. an size 7 1 4,1 I * 4P44#A141 In - - . - rY. , . 5 y . A ; , ,''.l' ' (In Massive 15-ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, „......... or' ~ \. \ I ~ ' 4,.27):"' '.' Gentlemen's, £l2 :12. Ladie.s:,tleo:7los.l),sTrz • ,e , .. ," 44 -.•""''' . OR ON Cin Ci itaC.) OF I F".4..e. It.i'ile .- .... ROI ''' ~ , - 44 . .5‘ 7- - , suited • , - . , ---- - . , ONTI-ILY PAYMENTS *•••,„,5..,.,'",.:::................1: iftiiik- *f_.tnheew 4 - No 1. of NV a WIWI. Chain, ,I IT,: ISNIM el 1/.- WiC Gan SEAM far. Iczkeuel. ILLUSTRATED "d J''''''n 115/- Deposit with Order, 9 sweessive Payments of 10,- each for '., it liE. . BOOKS ~,, 2of Clo,kst g• per a: Plate" anti Bagv the £5 :5 Watch. ror Go:3 WaLeh, Monthly Payments of L'4 :1. , FREE. N1,„!,,,°,..,,81,:, ' , Factory ste=m 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, E.C. : .

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES ! ! 59, Mount-street, Northwood, Hanley, Staffs, Jan. 6th, 1905. Dear Sir,—My wife suffered from Rheumatism for s long time, and could get no relief. She was a patient at the North Staffordshire Infirmary, but got worse,and could not walk without crutches. I heard about your Pills from a friend, and bought a small bottle. AFTER THE SECOND DOSE SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES, and was completely cured in a week. After spending pounds your pills cured her at n cost of 2s. 3d. I shall recom- mend your pills to everyone I know, and you can make the best use of this as a testimonial if it pleases you to do so. Yours truly, GEORGE WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, ls. lAd. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. BADE'S GOUT 8c R

DO You Know that more than half the sickness in the wor.d, especially of women, is caused by constipation? It can be prevented if BEECHAM'S PILLS are taken whenever nature calls for assistance. Comfort and happiness follow the use of I" ' ; EEC A 4-4.. 9 --:41 THE HANDY HOME REMEDY. There's no secret about the value of BEECHAM'S PILLS as a family medicine. Thousands of families always keten a box handy—and it is the first resort in case of sickness appearing, being the "stitch in time" which prevents further trouble, and possibly serious illness. If you have not got a box of BEECHAM'S PILLS in the house, get one now, you never know how soon it may be needed. A dose taken when ailments arise will soon right the wrong and restore you to health and vigour. WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. Sold everywhere In boxes, price 111} (56 pills) & 2/9 (168 pills).

SAVE '‘ TIME. TROUBLE ' SyAND MONEY nlll4 „GOO • Lt. F.lO 3 COFFEE C7i1:57( metro CIMOUS owomirs.o.. OF ALL • GROCERS • . LARGE. AND SMALL BOTTLES , SIRE Ok Cy%l. .C:4l S U N _ FIRE OFFICE ' 0 (rA. • ' THB OLDEST INSURANCH .wDED OFFICB IN TRH WORLD. FUNDS IN HAND £2,788,638. For all particulars aitply to the following Agents WARRINGTON...Messrs. J. R. Pick mere & Boa, Bridge St Messrs. Wood & don, Commercial Chambers. Horsemarket street, Mr. Louis A. Vols.!, 21. King street, • Mr. R. Lowe, 1, Bank street.

J. H. DOVENER & CO.'S, Ltd. iervieornpott °usNEcDE $A 0 KS Best and Cheapest for POTATOES, CORN, &G.

r THOUSANDS ARE S Using Bradford's 'VOWEL' Wishing Machine Iklit WASHING AT HOME, , saving time, labour, and wear and tear of clothes. I Illustrated Catalogue on application. Ll 4 ' THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 0 40 142. )1 WI Holborn, London; Virtnria Avenue, Manclievier; 130, Bold Street. Liverpool; Creacent Iron Works. Salford. J . _

is a won d,' ee waterproo, Dales' BOOTS & HARNBSS. sof- tens preeerVr. the lesther Pleaaant odour allow polish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL ISXHIBITION HIGHEs Dubbin AWARDS. fists 2d.. 6d.,1,- 6,216 ot Bost Makers, Saddlers, frommosseesq dec. Mass's/atlas-2 East Dubweck, Lender,
