===== 0002601_19060519_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON °EXAMINER. Is NOW

PUBLISHED ON FRIDAY AFTERNOON,

-PRICH ONII TPIINNT-

AND IS ON SALR PAT THIBMVARIOUS NEWS- AGBN'TS AT ABOUT 4 O'CLOOK.

SHOULD ANY DIFFICULTY BE EXPERIENCED IN GETTING THE PAPER THE PROPRIETORS

WILL UNTHIRTAKTI TO DELTVRR 'A COPY AT ANY ADDRESS IN ' WARRINGTON HE 5 O'CLOCIOON FRIDAY AFTERNOON WITHOUT EXTRA. CHARGR.

Lddres.7all cornmunloations to

EXAMINER OFFICE.

BEW SE? STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
BAPTIST CIIIIRCR, LATCHFORD) To-moßßow (SUNDAY). MAY 20th 1908. PREACHER • REY. JOHN FRANCIS mtPTHEWS. MARRING 0.30.—"1 The Viailant God." BVEYING S.—"le men the Poppet of Fate ?" OF

===== 0002601_19060519_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
. , r- 4 t I . . I , , -.... Ili X 4 el 4,., 4 A _ LL i 4 bite LAikr-- . . .... minvt) .;,1.•,.,:, kyL., , .._ s .... _.....r ,

No 1523 °NE PENNY

COOK, 50, ROLLESTON STREET, WA R- • RINOTON. CABINET h ORK and UPHOLSIRBT done. Furniture and Linoleum on Sale. Furniture removed.

1.-B LBNI HATA RY HDUCATION.

BDIMATION.

111,411301111PTE1 AND EX

WIT-lIILH Our Or tuAtqS.

BOY'S FANCY SUITES. SUITS Largest Variety and best value FOR in town in all Sizes, Colors ALL and Material from 2/r

PURPOSES. MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & xo, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

S.VUTURDA.Y, MA.Y 19, 1906.

OUR INEWI& HANDSOME PREMISES

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY LTD.,

ARE NOW SHOWING IN ALL DEPARTMENTS

. NEW GOODS FOR THE SEASON.

THE MOST RECENT PRODUCTIONS SUPPLIED IN BOX CALF AND GLACED KID (BLACK AND BROWN) BOOTS AND 'SHOES

ESSENTIALLY THE MATERIAL FOR CONIFORT.

'

A SUCCESSION OF SPECI ALITIES AND NOVELTIES SELECT CHOICE AND STYLISH. ALWAYS ON SHOW. HIGHEST GRADE FOOTWEAR. FOR HONEST SERVICE FAULTLESS FITTING. • SELECTED MATERIAL. UNDER THE CLOCK, pRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

By Porr II 7)fi per Quarter 5s 6d per annum • es 9d per Quarter credit

-HIGHER

===== 0002601_19060519_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060519_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19060519_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST COMPLETE

TAILORING St CLOTHING ESTAI3IASH4ENT

IN THE DISTRICT

===== 0002601_19060519_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ARE NOW OPEN

T EMPORA RY ENTR A'NCE

WITH AN ENTIRELY NEW STOCK.

THROUGH OLD PREMISES.

EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES "EXAMINER " OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
EXYBNDITURE.

. • . 4: ."

===== 0002601_19060519_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
IS NOW sinwitia HIS

NEW SPRING SIIITINGS

IN CONFINED AND EXCLUSIVE DESIGNS AND COLOURINGS AT.

THREE GUINEAS.

18, NORTH JOHN STRRET, LIVERPOOL.

Se FERNLEY, LTD.,

71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON

WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

motor Cargo eptles, CgarriagefS. etc

DOG CART. cheap, with iron tyres, Imps aud euabione•—apply dm!. satrTn, Bank Top, nr Wigan.

1 FORMAL INTRODUCTION, Cyclists ! •• The Grave- ''t lotte." The' Wheel" of the future.—Perticulars, 32. COLTART RD., Liverpool.

-- AIILLER'S Lamps, Bells, Luggage Carriera.Cape Carriers. JL Illustrated lists.—W. A, GORTON, Talbat Cycle Work.. Wolverhampton.

JWIRERS IN STOCK, all sizes suitable for farmers, I grocers, coal merchants. carriers, HARDMAN awn Soria. LTD.. Radcliffe. near Manchester.

1906 •.—glinec‘hcher: lA)iurnTlol.P.alzr4da.ndNM, lecilrall.CoLvlestrss tree.—CionvoN. Talbot Cycle Works Wolverhampton.

INVALTD Carriage. Wicker, £2. 10s. ; ditto Carriage•built, upholstered. £5 10a. ; self- wheeling Merlin Chair, £2 101. Photo sent.--PAITHeut. 218, Philip Lane, Tottenham. _ _

Tip HASTON (r.t.), fit 12 to 14 hands, suitable for invalid. Children, or cokantry ; nicely painted ; lamps, ; best offer ; no dettlere.—Tzln GRANGE, 17, Merton rd.,Bootle.

IOOK DADDY. —Take me for a ride with you. The "Pet" 1.1 Patent Fafety Child Carrier and footrests. for top bar of Gent's cycle, nickel plated, 5.5. &v.—REAMING & Co.. Hounslow.

T ADY'S and Gent's TANDEM FOR SALE; in splendid 14 condition, new departure free whee', back pedal brake and front rim brake, with all accessories, £B.—Applr ICI, BLLESMERE RD., Pemberton, Wigan.

M G OTOR CAR DRIVIN and RUPAIRS praotically taughtosituation forranteed.—lrvinam MOTOR Woax!, 91, Pimlico rd., near Sloane Square, S.W. Vacincles for pupil apprentleee. Tele. 80iii Gerrard.

EMOVING.--Must sell. Gent's Frictionless Free-wheel BICYCLE, two inverted brakes, plated rlms,Brampton's fittings ; guaranted three years; 675. 6d.cost treble ; unused. —6,Davia BT., Croweroft. Lounsieht. Man,lrister. -

CIYOLES.-5,000 guaranteed Machines, B.S.A. and ENtie's nSw and second-hand from 255. ; accessories balf-prioe. Send for 83-page Catalogue free; wholesale prices ; eve- opener to all ; 50 per cent cheaper than others. Agents Wanted.—WAßßitow & Co. Weston—super-Mare.

0()0 FRIO; WHICRIS,IIII.Ic iln lid. each; O s 500 new saddles, best leather. 21. 64. each 1,000 silver-plated handle-hvs, 2s. exl. each ; °halos, bells, spanners. bags, lamps, prides right. Write for 80 nags wholesalelist. free.—Walumow ft Ce., Weston-goner-Mare.

T ADY'S SAPHTY.—Bargalr as new,not soiled; free wheel, IA silver-plated rims, beautlfnlly lined in gold; rim brake ; High-grade Coventry Machine; best pneumatic tyres, celluloid gear °atm ; all accessories ; £9 10s. lowest ; no use; to owner; genuine; approval willingly. —IC. STUCKEY, Oak Villa, Clarendon rd.. Westrm-super-Mare.

24 18 a —Rare Bargain. Gent's High Grade _S. 1./1). Superior CYCLE, unused, and not soiled, new departure coasting hub, free wheel and back pedalling brake ; also front inverted lever rim brake. A. Wort Clincher Tyres, on silver-plated rims, with enamelled centres, beautifully enamelled and gold lined, mud-gutrds, lamp, bag, bell.spanner oil-can and pump; lowest £4 18s 6d; only wants seeing; approval before decidlnv.-- r, Ellenborotoh Park, Weston-suer-Mare.

-VCR DISPOWLL, a Bargain, Gent's Coventry ball free 12 wheel CYCLE; not soiled, new e Xmas, silver plated rims, all parts beautifully plated on Copper, rim brake, new and up to date, flat ridden more than 20 miles, best pneu- matic tyres and tubes never runctured, guaranteed all new, complete with plated gas lamp, bell, bag, pump soanner and oiler, also enamelled vflid Guards, Cash urgently wanted ; £3 las. Ccl, approval wllliaely. T. RIPMAND, Chargrove House, Ashcom be-road, Weston-Super-Mare.

CYCLii (bargain, marvellous sacrifice).—Cient's New Cycle. not used a dozen times, highest grade, best pneumatic tyres and tubes, two rim brakes, inverted levers. latest 1906 machine ; beautifully plated, enamelled and wold lined, plated rims, enamelled centres ; ball free wheel; magnificent machine; cash urgently wanted ; £4 loc; complete, with plated gas lamp, bell, bag, pump. ke.; approval before cash sent.—Nt. HOIISE, Elton, Ashaumbe Park rd., Weston-super-Mare.

T EA, STRNS, and CO., 168. London rd.. Liverpool, have I_l the following tirst-class Secondhand Carriages for Sale at reasonable prices :- 4 Landaus (two with rubber tyres). 4 Victories (one double Victoria). 2 Large Waggonettes, carrying 12 and 14 persons. 2 Four-wheel Dogcarts (light). 5 Broughams, in capital order. 1 Liverpool Dogcart, suit 15 to 16 hands, 1 Pony Governess Cart, suit 12 bands. New Governess Carts, various size. and prices. Full particniars on application to 166, London rd„ Li ver pool, Telephone 2114.

" E NERGINE" THF NEW AfOTOR SPIRIT GIVR3 INORRASRD POWNR AND SPBBO, WILL NOT CARBONIZE YOUR SPARKING PLUGS, AND GIVBS NO ODOUR FROM THE EXHAUST.

" RNERGIER " WILL I:MUCH YOUR PRTROL BILLS. IT G 31IS FROM 60 TO 80 PER CENT. FURTHER THAN OVUM PRTROLS. GIVE IT A TRIAL. •ENERGIES IS FRIER FROSI ACID. SOLR AGENTS -El NERGINE" (British Agency) CO-, 19. /MEETING STREET. LIVERPOOL.

THE

IN MY

LITTLE WOODEN HUT

AVISANKRY TRAM THRMINUS, YOU'LL FIND THE inenissr QUALITY AND BEST VALUE IN TRH

CYCLE TRADE. TO SIMI OUR MACHINES IS TO BE OUR OUSTOSII6II.

IRELAND'S CYCLE WORKS, '

GREAT SANKBY.

1000 TO 1

YOU GliT EVBRYTHING AND ANYTHING YOU WANT AT THII 61 1-7 EANTERPRISE." WHO ASH WE'

WHY ! TRH LABGHST BONA-?ID H FIRH FOR MOTOR ACCESSORIES,

ALL TiiH LATEST NOVELTIES. CALL AND coNymcß YOURSELVES. AT liOrdlt 9 A.M. TO 7 P,M. 68 AND 70, WOOD STRUT, LIVERpOOL, THE "ENTERPRISE"

THL. 1634 ROYAL.

ASTER 7 P.M. 0885 ROYAL. -

JOHN IVALKER S.: CO., PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NEW

===== 0002601_19060519_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 19, 1906.

IVIcDOUGALL'S Patent SELF-RAISING FLOUR

BEST

'ASTRY.

E, NOUR

rG, &

Death of Mr. James Woolley.

Wp record with regret the death of Mr. James Woolley, which took place at his residence, 353, Liverpool-road, on Wednesday night of last week. The deceased was 68 years of age, and had been employed at Messrs. Monks, Hall and Company's works for a considerable number of years. Earning the confidence of his employers he gradually improved his position, and eventually was appointed day manager. The funeral took place at the Cemetery on Sunday, when there were many evidences of the respect and esteem in which the deceased was held. A large 'limber of the employes of Messrs. Monks, Hall and Company attended and preceded the cortege to the Cemetery. There was also a large attendance etheeea NsV°rikvins closely gmens Mission, Bank Quay, associated. A good iotfi mwhemicbhetrhs of edf ed a many floral tributes were received, including several from the employes.

Joi/jr -fpread of good things at tea-time can easily be made at home with the aid of that quick and sure raising powder Pa /alley flour' made by BROWN & POLSON/ Recipes aie in every 7d. and 3id. packet—more for the asking. The directions are very clear and easy to , follow.

"You must think I'm clever," cried Madge, ; "Bless the girl! You might as well ask me when • triumphantly, "or you'd never believe it would get you will fall in love again.' I published." , "There will be one in India soon," said Madge j "They say anyone can get any rot published I "How do you limit ' soon '?" asked Sir Dan. I nowadays," said Billy, discourteously. ! "Vaguely, laughed Madge. ; 'Then I won't publish it if you don't like," "Then we will have one soon," said Sir Dan. I eried Made; "but I want to finish it. And I "But I never saw such a 'girl for fighting. Do .30311 I went you to tell me something." • wish you were a man ? " I "Fire away." said Billy, replacin,g'his legs. "As.: "No," said Madge, with decision. I long as you prcimise tolet me read it first, I'llgell well as I am." you anything you want to know." ! 'lndeed you do," admitted Sir Dan. "Then , "I'm asking you because you know all about the why are you always at war in your little mind?" I army," said Madge. "Now, suppoie you are out "I'm an Imperialist," said ' Madge, grandly, lin Ihdia with your regiment." "and I've often heard you say we'd have to fight I "Battery," interjected Billy.; ' "Yea see, you go • for our very lives one of these days, so I waht to ! wrong first time, " be ready." ' "Well, battery," went on Madge; "and you get Sir Dan nodded. s yourself disliked, what do they do with you ? " • "And I've often heard you say, too, that our Billy pondered. • . little wars were our practical manceuvres. • I "They make it so hot for you that you have to thought that quite new and very clever." ssk for something else; we call it being seconded Sir Dan was obviously gratified. for some other service; probably something beastly." "No, ilo, not , quite new. . But true, true, and "Well, that's the notion I have," ;said Madge; not admitted as it tniglit be." "but if that was done to yeti," we should be in an "She's a - clever little girl, and deucedly pretty. awful state, shouldn't we ? And how should we No, she's a beauty," he said to himself, "a real make them take you back, or give you something beauty." ;- good, and send you on active service, if, there was Miss Fielding spoilt the Wrest of Mat's talk for any?" some time, but presently two other calle s came in, "You might have to use your influence, of course," and after sa quarter of an hour Madge got him said Billy. -"The governor would have to worry again. S. the India Office and the War Office through every- "What's influence ? " she inquireck,prettily ;"I CHAPTER VI. body he could get at, through Sir Dan and every- mean-influence at the Horse Guards? "Now, tell me all about it, dear," said Annette body. And the bigger Site influence, the easier to "It means—oh—it means—it means influence,'" Fielding, with coaxing sympathy. do it. Unless, of course, I was an awful' outsider, s „answered the Adjutant-General. "That is, And, to her astonishment, she was put off with and there were very bad confidential reports against supposing--" the feeblest accounts of a certain somebody m Madee e." m "Yes, supposing when my brother Billy goes out . had seen, who apparently possessed all, or nearT y ~What are they ?" asked Madge, eagerly. ' to India, if he does, and I were ito ask you to do all, the qualities necessary in a hero, a man, and a "It's what your Colonel says privately about you. something for him, that wonld be influence-LI husband. tout- your having no zeal, or some such thing,'' mean if you did it ?" "Why, I thought you meant it this time," cried replied her brother, carelessly. "That's it." said Sir, Dan, "and of course I the fair Annette, with visible disappointment.; "and "And they don't ask you to answer it?" would. And when I make the man in the moon now, it's just the same as the others. He might "it's private and confidential, I tell you." i Commander-in-Chief that will be an outrageous be a Napoleon, to hear you talk of him. IS, at is "Then it's a horrid shame!" cried Madge. example and lead to questions in Parliament." his name?" "But supposing our influence was no good ? " "Ho' g irritating they are in Parliament, are they I Madge was in a,quandary. Since Richard had "Then I'd have to quit or stay where I'd been not?" cried Madge, symp.athetically. : confided in her a portion of the secret connected ;ass enough to go," said Billy; "and I'd never get "Confound them, yes," said Sir Dan, "a lot of I with A.nnette's father she had developed a dread promoted or anything." , ignorant nincompoops. We have to spend half our !mind dislike of "Dear Sir Dan," which almost Madge's imaginary novel seemed to have energies getting the best of them. The tricks some 'included Annette. She could not feel sure of her advanced no further. of the Liberals will descend to are examples of the I friend now; and if Annette mentioned Captain f "But, supposing our influence was very great, baseness of theshuman mind. They would steal a I Blundell's name to her father, it might upset 3 Billy, and suppose we got the Commander-in-Chief cipher telegram and publish the most confidential I scheme which was beginning to shape itself vaguely m to tell the not to be nasty with you any more, details if' they could get them, to gain a party 'in Madge's mind. yon would send out the order?" *advantage. Thank Heaven the • Conservatives are "1 know it's disappointing," she cried; "and I "I don't think it would be quite an order," said likely to remain in while lam at the Horse I was disappointed dreadfully when I found out he Billy, doubtfully. "They'd hardly put it in that Guards." . I was not an Englishman." way sinless you got at the Secretary of State, and "What's a cipher telegram ?", asked Madge. She said this with a nervous tremor that Annette , he. made a point of it) I fancy the Adjutant- i With a pencil and a page of his note-book Sir attributed to emotion. ' !General would 'write out, and request the Coin- i Dan shewed her a simple figure cipher. 1 "I'm so sorry, dear," cried little Miss Fielding; mander-in-Chief to send me to the front if there "There's your name, Madge Grettom " • • *but with your ideas----" was a row, either with my battery or on some He lied written "o dhnkg n g y y q p." "Abou Empire," said Madge, sadly. special service with the staff." , "Oh, how extraordinary!" cried Madge. !"Tel! "It cols ... 't be. But was he a German ? " "And would heal° it? " ; me how you do it." , "Almost worse than that," said Madge; "he was "Of course he would, for by-and-bye he'd be He shewed her the key figures, 23456. la—Portuguese. But I want to forget him. It was I such a shock; and he spoke beautiful English. Oh, wanting to 'be something, here, and he wouldn't • "That's the very simplest kind." make enemies if he could help it. And besides, "But nobody could find it out,' !don't let us talk about it. Did you do what I I 50013040 not." a request like that couldn't be ignored. At least, "It's very easy to find out." 1, asked you? I mean the photographs of the others." \ "Then why do you, use it?" 1 "You're awfully funny, are you not?" said eemheM ; Sir Dan laughed. • I , Annette. "I'm sure you will never, never get ii of „ern, Sir Dan could do it ?" , if he wanted to. But I say Madge, "We don't use that. Ours is very difficult and I married. But I got them both, and I've brought ; n lynoi.ixtud„ can't write anything like all this. You get so a very different sort, and we change it constantly. them, too. And you'll be disappointed i them. And, of course, we use a code too!' ; 'Neither of them's nice, and both quite old." I"Let's have a look. I-don't like them young," "It does seem nompliented," admitted Madge. She insisted on an explanation of that. said Madge, sitting down with her arm round "but then anything is' difficult. I don't see how -"Then you always use a cipher or code ?" "Only for confidential things. And if I'm oyes I Annette's neck, so that her friend could withwith that 'n Paris and "I leave st, n one. Don't get in I want to send anything myself to Simla 'el 1 • I 1 I difficulty see her face. I can do it. • I wTiting lot, Madge. You stick to being—to being I use it." . —above it" - - "Don't hug so, and I will. Oh, here they are, . " Why ? " asked Madge, who was much interested. j cried Annette. "Now, which is which, and are And Billy smiled with superior wisdem. Madge "Because they can be sure I sent the telegram,' ' they not both hideous?" . had another question or two, but she put them off said Sir Dan. 1 The photograph of Richard assuredly did not ; for a day !flatter him; it was stern and hard and cold; its I for fear Billy should connect. them with "Who would but you?" cried Madge, in wonder- the conversation related above. She asked them ment. I lines were deep, even in the worked-up picture. • i But Madge knew his b •had seen' Sunday g lon evening in her brightest 'and most care- Sir • Dan explained that, though it was very 1 burning eyes; she; less style. unlikely such a thing might happen;. whereas in 1 them blaze and melt. This was only a vague, "Oh, Billy, dear, you remember writing to me London the telegrams not in cipher were in a !unloving suggestion of -a stern and perhaps cruel when mother and I were at Montreux, about certain sense certified as -genuine by coming direct I roan. And Renshaw was a mild-looking bourgeois, . I whose courage seemed to have consisted in carrying 1 man?' What's-his-name, the African exploriag from the War Office telegra.phic department. I When she "left the room . with Annette, who • fez ; some taking plumpness among cannibals. "You mean Bhmdell ? " said IBilly. . ' sthe last half-heur had been signalling to her, Sit "Why, this one must be Captain Blundell," cried) "Of course I do, Captain John BlUndell." Daniel vowed that she was the brightest and I Madge, "and the other Renshaw. For Blundell is "'Richard Blundell, stupid." sweetest girl he knew, and that, confound it, he ; a great swordsman, and the other's fat." I Richard Blundell. Didn't you say felt very much like mhking a fool of himself about "You're right," said Annette. "But „he's veig " he and Sir Dan were very had friends ? " her. But as Sir Dan felt like doing that with every I ugly, isn't he?" I she could have slapped "I should think so," said Billy. "If that fool pretty woman he saw, it appeared highly- illadge felt as though Blundell hadn't got old Fielding down on him in he would commit himself with: no one, and still ! ; Annette with much satisfaction, the beginning he might have had a fair chance.. run over to Paris without a second Lady Fielding I"I don't think so at all," she cried, warmly. I wish 1 For he's a clever chap and as plucky as a bulldog." raising any objections. I"And he looks like a real man. Oh, "Then what was it about? You said ' some- As for Madge, though she soon coaxed Annette ! could see him and talk to him." "He'd frighten me," said Annette, with a shiver. 'thing stupid ' in your letter." linto a good huniou again, aain she felt very little c 1 , " him kissing"lt was nothing mu h " replied Bill hastily, advanced in her wild schemes for Richard's benefit. Just imagine 'imagine it ?" anyone! Can You "and I don't knon• the rights y' ghtsof it. And one can't All she had done was to charm y his horrid enemy. . 1 tell a girl everything, of course." And it was odd that finding Sir Dan so amenable "Oh, yes," said Madge, critically, but with some te "But does Sir Dan bate him still ?" asked made her regard him with less prejudiced eyes. He colour. "Why, he'd bite," cried Annette, laughing. Madge. "And if he does he's not in India now, couldn't be so very ilorrid, and perhaps a nice tan with him after a little while would get the dear I "But, these! I'm glad you've come -back again I so„W dog a had mono and hang him," said man in the mOon something which might really end I just the same. And was your mother very trying ?" , ...Give a dog works in the Service as well in the Connuander-in-Chiefship after all. Madge put the photographs in her drawer, for ; Billy, wisely.l say, ;On do ask And in the meantime she had her own battles to , they were sitting in her own room. lll's he got to do with it? " las everywhere else. But, 3 I t' You're getting an awfully good figure," fight with her mother, who appeared determined tc Madge at resent had no further use for have her married out of hand. Both sides fought 'Annette, sighing; "and you are so tall, and I'm i And as with Iso little." . ; him she left him wit his legs on a chair. She hard, and Madge did ,not for ever stay behind , ; rate, discovered with sufficient definite- entrenchments. ' "You're just nice," replied' Madee. • "But I'm ; said questions. I wish you wouldn't. had, at any - . , Dan and Richard had quarrelled, "I have at least made up my mind as to the sort quite grown up now. And I think being grown up ness that Sir ; makes mother more trying than ever- If it wasn't , Years ago (oh, many years ago!) about a woman, of man I'm.going to marry, she declared a few for my father—who's the dearest dear—l should: and that it was only through Sir Dan she could . days before they were to leave London for Gretton run away and be .a nurse or anypewriter. How's Sir Dan?" really hope to help her Richard. Park. / "Bless me ! Let's hear ,about it," said her father. "Papa's in Paris ageina" said Annette. "When- CHAPTER VII. . , • "I• have no desire, I may say not the least desire, to hear a daughter of mine descant in this way, ever he can get away, he goes there. He might be Mrs 'r tt ' an American. At the War Office they call him the ! So Madge laid a thousand cunning little traps this light and frivolous way, upon a subject so ~ I mentally, and imagined in her innocence, which; serious," declared .G e o Adjutant-General of the French Army." "What a pity we didn't know it, Annette. He he girl talk alittle," urge re on. ik m d G tt by the way, was certainly not what it had been, a "Oh, let the col, "Wolll,di that I iiiicil stop her," said his ! • f might have come and dined with us—with dad and weary, wily hawk, like the fierce and aquiline and stayed in her room. Will he be gallant Sir Dan walking into them at once, as if he despailan "but- al autlioNis:ilt,e; InYni;ld have t'l'en mynahiris 'Clisreeardeti , lour. Inatural, . were a very booby. Ti-"ien on further consideration which I sOl t disregarded she lauehter s very 1 what is to be she determined not to be in a hurry with the by my c „ fati ele d ? You don't answer me Margaret ?" "I'll come and. see you the day after. Ido love horrid old wretch ; she must have a charming talk expected .),„ e back s!"-Zi a?t'o' ther with him first and try to understand him a little. . your father, Anisette. He's such a dear." "Did you speak T I- "0 course I spoke to you "He's all right," mid Annette, without much Since she had fallen in love, real love, with , _ __ , _ oruo ~, Margaret."ou , enthusiasm; "but he thinks a lot of you. He just : Richard, men were not so difficult to comprehend ; ."Gh 1 y c " —sad'Billy.' now, mother, y Know you hates girls who aren't pretty." ;as they had been. And since Richard had fallen , didn't, t, me 1 • . "Poor timings!" cried Madge. "He's the very in love with her they appeared easierconquest. "My of ; "My dear, you do not understand these things," said Mrs. :Gleams "and u 'll, I k • nou, not model of a dear old soldier. It must be fine, after If she had climbed the king Of peaks, the lesser . • . , . you Nig mind my declaring in your presence that your doing a lot of fighting, to have a position where be heights could not be inaccessible. can give anyone anything al m05t.",...• "I am quite grown up," said Madge, as she sister Margaret has not been so dutiful a child te use as you have been. Do not distress sue I pray, For that was her notion of the Adjutant-General, looked at herself in the glass before she ran round b supporting her, even in 'est." ' "Well, good-bye now," said Annette. "I only to see her dear daeling Annette. And Sir Dan y_.. just ran round to see' if you'd forgotten me." i said the same thing. .grunted •obviouslyj ' Billy st . was uneasy. ?; e . "Well, mothe," said Margaret, "if • did "And you won't stay to 'tench ? Forgotten you • Why, Annette," cried Richard's enemy, "our3oll speak to me I' don't • see why I should not say what You dear, fluffy, little dear duck! Your hair's little friend is quite a , woman. Madge, what a I like 1 • it's • just lovely." I difference a month or two have wrought." so long as not wrong. And I can't be serious always." The Grettons lived in London during part of the I "011," said Madge, blushing, "do you really ii I e • year—in Palace-gate, n&a dozen doors from the think so ?" spoee to you on this subject, serionsl -• " returned Mrs. Gretton "and • ! Fieldings—and as June was half-way through, I "I'm sure of it," replied Sir Daniel, fiercely. . , . , to displease me yon GOOD NEWS FOR HOUSEWIVES. I Madge cultivated General Sir Daniel Fielding most , "What do you mean by going away one person and . purposely turn it into ridicule lam not surprised, not at' ; ' nil, ; not in the least." Housewives svill rejoice to know what an excellent assiduously while she had time, without any ' coming back another ? Tell me what you ,mean "Well!": „ food the ordinary currant constitutes. Hardly anything distinct idea how Richard—whose photograph slept by it, or I Will forget you are grown up and pull pursued Margaret, stubbornly "l•re you eat or drink contains so much real food. Eaten , under her pillow every night—urns going to benefit your ears." settled that he's to-be a soldier and tall and dark, either raw or cooked in puddings, cakes or bread, . from it. It was through !Billy—who came up from: "The very idea," said Madge, in her stateliest and there's not to be an ounce of fat on him." se currants are satisfying and beneficial. They are cheap, i i Wool •*cli the second -night after their arrival from I .•‘sparkling manner, but with delicious, wholesome, and an agreeable addition to any . w' 1 the , en notions tookpractical Paris—t la . r la, eno a shape."lt lamto be driven f • meal. Sir Francis baking, the physician in ordinary totrue, for I've Come back myself, and, I'm so glad, from my own drawine- "l'm getting perfectly dreadful," said Madge to room, lamto be driven," she remarked. "Go the King, says that currant bread is one of the best ! to you and Annette. And how is Miss Fielding?-" I herself. "I know I'd do anything in the world for things we can eat. I For Sir Dan was a widower and his sister kept night' " ...—...._ I Richard, if I was put in prison for it. 'Oh, if I house for him. . "And," continued Margaret h • hmother only ~ en w her ! only could !" ! "Ask Annette," said 'he, "and don't evade my had disappeared, "he'seto be a great swordsman, Her discovery of an end in life to be worked for ; and a great linguist, and terribly strong and he questions. Who's hero your now? ""' made her every day more and more of a w•Mnan: e Madge blinked a little but •el h• pal im back, must know everything, and have' een everywhere, at once easier, and less easy for her mother to get nH r ld• " - • and have done everything." ' He sa so ier. . j ;on with. For Mrs. Gretton, perceiving bitterly ."Anything else ?" asked her father, while Billy 1 "Ofcourse," and -Si Da twirled a r n • a grizzled that she had been beaten in her first big battle, ;ires uncoiling leiniself on the sofa his mother had ; moustache • . said less and thought more. vacated. I "And he's feir " I "She's a dangerous, emot icrial girl," she 1 s• . ' ' • "I should like him to have the V.C. and flie Sir Dan nodded. thought. "I with she ,was married safely out of ! D. 5.0.," said Madge, pensively; "but he can get "And he knows ever tl • d 1 dy , sine an has one eyerr- the house." those after we are married." thine. and has been ever3•wl er 1 And just now he 1 For once she agreed with Madge on general ,• c'' a ' ' "There's only one such man in the army," said sires-- details. A more particular specification would have ; e , is . Billy, now unrolled. I en eensington, by any chance?" inquired the'.. developed divergencies."Who's Ise ? Oh, tell me, Billy," cried Madge. • ' General, hopefully. I "Billy," said Madge, "I've always been nice to; "I time " • n me moon,' said Annette, hastily. with simulated eagerness. you, haven't I?" ; e "Why, it's that beggar Blundell," said Billy, ; I shan't tell either of you," nodded ; Billy, who was a lone, thin boy of twenty, and ,Madge, "and I'd be sorry if you did." "f A • business. And "f I or it's 1 y own t chanced next .his mother's pot—is position he found at times . nee, , T "But is he like what 1 described ?" a 011 IVollid hands , you used to di " ' extremely undomfortable—huoked at Madge, and "' 3d"" • ) when ' "Au close as could be, and I'ns blest if you , was a child an wobbled between Hannibal and pondered. e , ' Hasdrubal." haven't been reading about him," said Billy, rather ) • "What do you want now?" he asked, briefly, i ,e.„, sly. I Then you are not sure you won't wobble ?" susp.c.ou- .. ~ . , Madge, "and after some reflection. "I have not, criedall I've read . asked Sir Dan. "If by ansechance you do so let • "I want to tell you something • • S ebogit him was bits in the papers and his paper in' • - • ime know." "Fire away," said Billy. I. "If I ' •11 1 • tell yon Ira you have him Made C - the Geographical Journal. And that didn't tell me "Do von think I'm clever?" she asked. °in what he is like," mander-in-Chief ?" asked Madge, laughing.- ; I Billy "Y' scrutinised her carefully for some slow "At once." "You've hit him off to a ' t, ' at any rate," said Y. minutes. I "Anffi a peer ?" Billy. . 1 "How should I know ?" he retniesed. • "Then I'll marry him. • Dad, dear, break it ta I 1 "That will be quite as easy." .- I "But when you think about it?" mother for me. You don't answer me, dad ? " I I "And a Knight of the Garter ?" I Billy gnus te!d• ' ''• "Consider it. done."l , "Eh, eh ? " said her father. "You really oughtn't • ! "I never think about it. I've quite enough to. „ „ . . to you know." I 1 And arrange for a big Mar and many victories?" I think about without that.". '"I k • I eht 't • but still, dad, know 01.1, 13, 9 you don't I "Deuce take it !" said the General. "Give us time I Madge shook her head•rather impatiently. I) answer me, do you ? ' ' - " I don't a man,", ; "Of course, mean as clever as to reoreshis s se .m, the army. ! "'Upon my soul," said Mr. Gretton, "I think • ; "And when you have done that ?" she urged, with coarse-fibrecl diplomacy, knowing ." ; you had better do it "P"shall tl He conquer le world." him •, "but for a girl ? " I • "Very ; well, I will, at breakfast," cried Made°. "Dear Sir Dan you are eo d " cried ISI d ' "Oh, yes, I daresay." said Dilly. "I shouldn't g° , ega-4,e• "I'm so glad I've found him out after all these in Amor I'll "I'll let hi 1 ~ • . • . aurae to ,my hero in the wonder. They're a w fel fools mostly." weary years wasted with Hannibal and Hasdrubal, ci B s .1 mansions of the moon at once." , e I suppose so." said Madge, meekly. us , 1 • e •d 'and even Napoleon.", 1 "Cable to um, said Sir Dan. "Don't waste a '. I tell you something, you'll not let it omit?"make She played "See the conquering hero comes," and ' moment. I 'nicht charete iny n • ; "Of course nets"' cried the remaining schoolboy mom • e , ,e, mind and after •t time " Dead March " in "Saul." rl, ie. , myself Commander-m-Oluef." in the young geklenfan et Woolwich "That's !tor poor Hannibal," said Madge. 1 •"I couldn't," said Madge. "The clerks at the I "Then, I'm writing a novel, Billy." telegraph office would smile." So onn more good corepieror being disposed of ; Billy withdrew Ins legs froen a chair, and faced e, y•ith music and muffled drums King DI ndell 1 " They' would leek as sad as I do," cried Sir ' . : . , , u his sister. reigned in his stead. His -1 ; ! • coin non was co- "I say. Oh, come row; you might to knots Dan. "Then send it in cipher • or, Inven't on se d • I 1 • 9 • ' ' ' better than to do that. It's awful bad form noise- code arrange wit i inn .Ohm, notable Y • eatensive with Madge's mind ehe was absolute lord neglect in ot a fair kingdom • she thougnt or nailing else ter Gays for a woman to do it. see what the news- your organisatien. Anisette, another cup." day and night. And to think of him she withdrew papers say about them. And if our fellows pi AN-I,e sehered amen a bit.. into herself and stared at most of the world and "And when are you going to have another little held of it, a nice time I'd have!" her mother with vacant, irritating eyes. Sir Dan shook his head. She pursued the impressible Sir Dan with flatter- s ng attentions, and with him was sweet and child..

"I do very

" said Madge.

2 , - --- - s -I 1111111111111 trit i if,,,,,,,w,Taliniffillollifiluiliffilillitogi .A.. C.000,A Y0,.11 CRN EN,4OY ,11.0.4 Laatilliltilliin , ~.;..,. I vil let. R:" • ' .. 4 re W'srt'4 14‘ .4" •.i ' ''''' ' r 0. -- , . ,, r, 4, ~ „.„-. -A '" ' 4 , v., ~,,,, -, , A. 4. ~,.. 14' 'l4k '‘. : `4C/3 , . - , i ftril. 1;a4::1•; . 4., ' ak• ' 4 ' . •!.'. '174::;i: '''-':.-1,41;t41#4 . ''Xif';...1!:.'1,..,,,,,,,•'&:'''''1'441 .yr '''' ~k,,,. s , -...,,,,vivit,,i;.- : ~; ."1.4.4. ,:,,- : -,..,,q,?.;-IKlt,-,,-,40:\ . , 7..c"-s,:-4„,,,44:, ,05t,\..,, '4' ..'.i, ,' .. ilk7A--4-^•,?..4 ttis,..,4k: „. ~...-..:.,:::. '-'''.4 '' , Nf'4•4*V- -• si - ..-4f,f'• ,r. - N ' ii4t-ig ~4•.--10:"N" • ' N.,* ~,y. ts ,-. .. ':'.., 4 ' ' '' ''''' '' i L'• , .41 . . . ?le • .. .0.4;',...- 4, ' 4:'-'.i'', t 1 a 21' .4r . , .. r . • ~ • ,- • i -,;-\- ..!' 1, • 4::'..„"4•A '" -4. .. • . 4;4,0,12.,-,:,,',."fl",' ‘1 . I v 1 ' A.'7, lc( ' iii.. 4,:.- . -,.•:t!-',-i-,. , 0,. $. t ~.. ~,;,.'-....,t e ~i,, k_. i. 7' - . , 11'47, '1• • ' --. .•.. ' ' t''' :- • . & • I 1,,, , ~ '- - r i'LL.I 1 , -,,,,,,,, ~. . 01-1,4,, .'• "*(!'t 1 " , 11 , Es ce ~,„ f “."11.4. I) lir ' 4" )1 ' Al, . ' • : .4! •/-- ". '; , .10' -;‘, • : ~ ; ... ...if fr. . - ~ ... i.,,.. • • - -7Tiftt. .‘, ...- C"\./.7.z,(1) ,-, ' • - - ...,,--, ,1A,..gar11",'=.,.... ', • 4” ,• - • .. - .... t.. --r •' ' A HEALTHFUL rtrvrimA.,, ISHINI ' EASILY DIGESTED.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Golden Rose.—The Golden Rose which the Pope has presented to Princess Ens on the occasion of her I marritwe to the King of Spain, recalls the fact that no British Princess has been its recipient since the reign of Queen Mary. It is a mimic plant of pure gold, in a golden pot, upon which is emblazoned the Papal Arms, and its value is not less than £3OO. The leaves are set wEh tiny jewels in imitation of dewdrops, and in the central bud is a receptacle in which there is a small palm leaf, blessed by the Pope. The Golden Rose is the highest honour the Pope can confer upon a Catholic Princess, and it is only presented to those deemed specially worthy of the Vatican's favour. The Spanish Royal Wedding.—The marriage of King ' Alfonso and Princess Ena is to take place on lay 31st, but the wedding festivities will extend to altogether over a week. The superstition that marriages are unlucky at certain seasons of the year, exists nearly everywhere, and although the particular month may not be the same in different countries, many will think that Princess Rua is a little bold in becoming a May bride. The accompanying festivities will include gala banquets a ball, a performance at the Opera, and a Royal bull- fight. Spain is still a great country for bull fights, but it can hardly be expected that Princess Ena will share the national enthusiasm for this form of entertainment. During the past few weeks Princess Ens has had a busy time fitting on the robes and dresses for the great , Court functions at Madrid. Some have been made in I Spain,anel the Princess has also received visits from thel Spanish Court jeweller, to fit the newly made crowns on the head of Spain's future Queen.—A limited number of invitations were issued to view the many magnificent presents at Kensington Palace, which Princess Ena has received, but these are now being packed for the I journey to Spain. Princess Henry of Battenberg, and Princess Ens, are expected at Madrid about the 26th of May, the Prince and Princess of Wales following a day or two later. Buckinghamshire Lace.—Among the wedding presents received by Princess Ena of Battenberg was a'beautiful scarf of Buckinghamshire lace presented by' the North Bucks and Bedfordshire Lace Association, which has clone much to revive the demand for " Bucks pillow points." Ever since the sixteenth century, this cottage industry has been followed in the little old-world villages, but it was in danger of becoming almost a lost art till a few years ago, when a number of ladies under distinguished Royal patronage set about reviving this work. The Association will hold its annual sale on June 7th and Bth, under the auspices of the Duchess of Buckingham, and it will be opened by Mrs. White- law Reid. the wife of the American Ambassador, whose country seat is Bedfordshire. Summer Gowns.—The wise woman has her very-fairy slimmer gowns well under order, if indeed they are not niready completed, for she knows full well that with the crid of May comes a rush to the dressmakers,when orders cannot be so caref ally and thoughtfully carried out as during the slacker part of the season. The painted muslins, which are in great demand among those who can afford such luxuries, are exceedingly beautiful, but the printed varieties—to the uninitiated—look almost as well, and make up charmingly. The economical should see to it however. that the blouse and skirt of the muslin is made entirely separate from the slip, when it can very easily bowashed and ironed at home. Further -the girl or woman who " gets up" her linen and muslin frocks, should consider the style and trimmings from an ironers point of view. By the way, a plain dfail -board, covered tightly with an old blanket, is most necessary in the ironing of skirts, and a quite small ironic desirable for those parts of the blouse that cannot well be reached with irons of the ordinary size.

The Expensive Elhow Sleeve.—The continued rage for the elbow sleeve has brought many novelties in gloves, but it cannot be said of any of them that they make for economy. There are the new short kid -varieties with lace tops, the lace and kid matching oxactly in colour, but-these are little, if any, cheaper than all-kid gloves and most certainly they do not wear or clean as well. Long mittens, it is predicted, will have a great, vogue later on, but it is donbtfnl whether the really " well dressed " will patronise the idea. There are, as usual, maw " lines "of washing doeskin gloves. tut if they resemtle all previous " lines,"-they will certainly do nothing of the kind. About Boas.—The woman who is unable to afford a really good, and full ostrich feather boa, would do well to invest in just the " rna "of ostrich feathers, which does not quite meet in frost, and ends in long streamers of ribbon velvet. This " rufr placed well back, forms a delightful and most becoming frame to the face, and is much to be preferred to the cheap long boas, built of wild and fearsome-looking feallers that have evidently been culled from the farsaylfrd. These cheap boas quickly get .out of order, when they mar the prettiest and daintiest toilette imaginable. Flowers Real and Artiflcial.—At the moment cherries are in great favour for simple hats, and very becoming they prove tG a fresh young face. The woman who has passed her youth should select other fruits of the earth, wherewith to adorn her headgear. The flower of the season is unquestionably again the rose, it is indeed roses, roses, everywhere. Leading nurserymen tell the same tale "ramblers " being in the greatest demand for the table, and the decoration of rooms. Orchids, they say, are fashionable," especially the variety known as the " Alexandra," but many people who flna this partcniar form of decoration too costly, are patronising the iris, which often needs an expert to decide as to whether it is not an orchid after all.

Women and Temperance Reform. Lady Carlisle said at the annual meeting of the National British Women's Temperance Association, that by the next General Election she fully expected that every 'British woman present would have a vote. That expectation may prove to be too sanguine, but there is no doubt that Lady Carlisle is right in her view that the extension of the Parliamentary vote to women would give a great impetus to Temperance Reform. That hen been the experience in Australasia, where Tasmania has recently .afforded another example. In some of the States, women have long enjoyed the franchise, Fred all are intended to vote at the Federal elections, but this year was the first time that women in Tasmania had a vote for their own Parliament. The result is an overwhelm- ing majority, pledged to active measures of Temperance Reform, and a new Licensing Bill, providing for local option, is forthwith to be passed.

MADGE.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

Meeting of the Northern Union League

A meeting of the Northern Rugby League Committee was held at the Grosvenor Hotel, Manchester, on Tues- day, Mr. Joseph Platt (Oldham) occupying the chair. The following reported players received suspension : J. Richardson, sem (Whim), up to and including Septem- ter 8, kicking in match against Pontefract, April 28 ; H. Feather (Bradford), up to and, including October 20, striking, Broughton Rangers' match, Aptil 30 •, D. Preston (Salford), up to and including September 8, rough play at St. Helens, April 30; for misconduct in the same match, T. Hall (St. Helens) was suspended up to and including September 15. The following nomina- tions wefe received for the League Management Com- mittee for season 1936-7 • Messrs. J. Platt (Oldham), F. I Lister (Bradford), R. Collinge (Rochdale), R.Walcasley (Salford), J. Nicholl (Halifax), .1. H. Houghton (St. Helens), J. E. Kirkham (Broughton), J. W. Wood (Leeds), W. Hargreaves (Wigan), and W. H. Cawley (Runcorn).

===== 0002601_19060519_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
Nerves out of Tune

Listless and Low-spirited, Without Energy or Ambition, "Run Down," Unable to Sleep. New Nerves and Sound Health in

===== 0002601_19060519_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
OP.Miliams' Pink Fills. '

You are" run down," depressed, irritable ; unable to sleep, no energy, poor memory, nervous, perhaps over- worked or anxious. These are all signs that your nerves are starved for want of new blood. The one medicine that supplies Good Rich Blood and tones the complain- ing nerves. making, happy, bright, attractive women and strong, clearbrained, active, healthy men, is Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. Nervous troubles rapidly become acute through neglect : therefore, the advice of Mr. Alfred Llewellyn Tidswell, of the Theatre Royal orchestra, Leigh, Lancs. is worthy of attention. " An attack of depression of spirits," he said," which seized me, culminated in serious nerve trouble. f felt always very listless, nervous, and disinclined to do anything. I had to give up outdoor exercise, because I became so quickly fatigued. I lost pleasure in my public engagements. When I awoke in the mornings I felt dead tired, and I had a nauseous taste in my mouth. I could not take food

without the greatest dis- comfort. I suffered con-

tinually from dizzy headaches apd pains across . . .

my chest with4palpitation.

, . I ivas also troubled acutely with biliousness an d

nervousness. Indeed, my health gave way corn- pletely; I felt absolutely 'run down; and worn oat. -1--

Life had lost almost all interest for me. At last,' when I felt collapse was k inevitable, I was persuaded I' to take Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale

'People. Before long I I felt great relief, and as Cured of Nerve Trouble by tI continued taking the Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. I pills all my old strength and energy returned. roe nervousness and headaches left me, and I was able to I eat heartily again with no signs of indigestion. Dr. ! Williams' Pink Pills completely cured me, and I newer felt better in my life than I do to-day. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have cured Anwmia, Indi- gestion, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Neuralgia, Sc. Vitus' Dance, Eczema, After-Effects of Influenza, Nervous Disorders (including Paralysis), and the special Ail- ments of Women. But you must get the genuine, with full name, "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People," on every package. If in doubt send 2s. 9d. for one box, or 13s. 9d. for six, to Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Holborn-viaduct, London.

- , . ...,, k ..,... ~ ~,,... k,, .i, „ ,I ' Ti. 4. Z. Tidswell,

===== 0002601_19060519_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF A PROMINENT LANCASHIRE WESLEYAN.

The death occurred suddenly on Monday morning, at Bolton, of Mr. Thomas Walker, one of the best-known Wesleyans in Lancashire. Mr. Walker had held every office open to a layman in the Wesleyan Methodist Church. In 1895 he had a census taken of the persons who attended places of worship in Bolton, and so great was his concern for the non-worshippers that he initiated a movement which culminated in thebuilding of the Victoria. Hall, Bolton, and himself gave .£7,000 towards it. He gave £2,000 towards the King's Hall, Bolton's second mission, and a similar amount to the new Wesleyan Ciaurch. in Castle-street. At the time of his death he was the general treasurer of the Home Missions of the Wesleyan Methodist Church and the treasurer of the Lancashire branch of the Children's Home. Mr. Walker, who was in his 73rd year, was the head of the firm of Messrs. William Walker and Son, , ort ners of the Rose Hill Tannery, Bolton. , An inqnest was held on Tuesday at Bolton on the body of Mr. Walker, who was found dead in his bath. 1 Mr. Arthur Noel Walker. son, stated that it was his father's custom to take a warm spray bath in the morn- ing. He was called in the morning by the maid, to whom he gave instructions to pack his bag, as it was his intention to go to Trend. Later, a servant noticed water coming through the kitchen floor, and on opening the bathroom door she saw the deceased in the bath. There was no water in the bath, bnt the warm spray was coming into the room. Hil father appeared to be dead. —Dr. Mallett said death was caused by sodden heart failure.—The jury returned a verdict of " Natural causes—heart failure."

===== 0002601_19060519_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Soap Satisfaction

Every woman who uses Fels-Naptha and uses it "the Fcls-Naptha way" will be satisfied.

If it's not used

right,

it is

unreasonable to ,*

expect satisfaction.

Rio-ht way: Cold or warm water; no boiling of clothes, it's not necessary.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Coal saving.

Cold water and no boiling shows at once the money-saving in coals. Of course, there are other savings, and you will easily find them if you follow directions on the wrapper.

FELS-NAPTHA 39 Wilson Street London E C

===== 0002601_19060519_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS

Dr. Braide's Position.

A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, Mr. J. Billing° presiding. There were also present :—Mrs. Clay. Mrs. Wilkinson, Dr. Murray, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, R. Forshaw, G. Thomron, T. H. Ashcroft. R. Bolton, J. Payton, S. Davies, T. ftitchie, M. W. Seton, W. Flannagan, G. Mather, W. Houghton, A. Brooks, J. C. Sutton (clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), and A. Wright (Superintendent of Padgate schools). - HOUSE COMMITTEE.

- THE MEDICAL OFFICER'S POSITION. At a meeting of the House Committee letter from the Local Government Board • dated May Ist relating to Joseph Casey whose death within 24 hours of his admission had been reported to the Board and subsequently referred by the Guardians to I the House Committee for the purpose, was considered and it was unanimously resolved that the committee having heard the explanations of the Medical Officer, the Master and Superintendent Nurse, cannot concur with the view of the Local Government Board that the Master should have sent for the Medical Officer upon Casey's admission. The committee felt that having an I 'experienced Superintendent Nurse at the hospital and I that officer having given her opinion that the case did not require the immediate attendance of the Medical Officer, no blame attached to the master and further that if he had sent for the Medical Officer he would have shown a disregard of the provisions of the Nursing Order 1898 and of the opinion of the Superintendent Nurse which would have been open to just censure. , At a subsequent meeting a letter from the Local Government Board was received asking whether the Guardians had come to an arrangement with Dr. Braide under which he would resign his office as medical j officer of the Workhouse. It was resolved that the. letter be replied to in the negative with an explanatory note as to the routine of the negotiations between Dr. Braide and the Guardians. ! Mr. FORSHAW moved the confirmation of the minutes with the exception of that relating to Dr. Bra ide which he suggested should be referred back to the committee. It would be remembeied that the Local Government Board pointed out that a gratuity not exceeding twice the amount of the annual salary and emoluments could be awarded the doctor on his ceasing to hold office. He thought that the doctor should be given an oppor- tunity of finally accepting or refusing those terms before any further communication was made to the Local Government Board. He did not intend to elaborate the ' matter as he thought that at that stage " The least said the soonest mended." If they adhered to the resolution they would in all probability have a Local Government Board inquiry. Mr. 'Moons said that as chairmito of the House Com- mittee Mr. Forshaw should only propose the adoption of the minutes and not bring in amendments of his own He(Mr. Brooks)formally moped the confirmation of the I minutes and it would now be open to the chairman to bring forward amendments. Mr. THOMPSON seconded. I Mr. FORSHAW then moved: That the letter from the Local Government Board of May 4th be referred I back to the Hones Committee for further consideration with it view to the House Committee again conferring with Dr. Braide as to whether any settlement could be arrived at on the lines suggested in the terms set forth in the letter of the Local Government Board of January 31st. Mr. ASHCROFT said the Board was making itself a laughing stock. Even now they had come to no settled arrangement. Mr. MATHER considered it would only be passing a vote of censure on the committee to refer the matter back. The amendment was not seconded and fell to the ground and the minutes were confirmed. Mr. JOLLEY said the committee were unanimously of the opinion that there should be an explanatory note making it clear that anyfailure to arrive at an amicable settlement was in no way the fault of the Guardians. They deputed to two leading members the work of 'negotiation with Dr. Braid but theirefforts were futile. It vas decided that before replying to the Local Government Board the Clerk should communicate with Dr. Braide asking if he would accept the proposals arrived at by the Board at their last special meeting. The proposals were as follows : (1) That in the opinion of this committee the existing medical treatment of the sick indoor poor is not satis- factory.—(2) That therefore the' Local Government Board be asked to sanction fresh arrangements includ- ing the appointment of a Resident Medical Officer to be responsible for the Medical and Surgical treatment- of the indoor poor, of the indoor staff, and for the training of the nurses. (3) That the Guardians consent to the payment to Dr. Braide, as compensation for loss of office, the maximum amount allowed by law.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
DELEGATES TO A CONFERENCE.

It was agreed that in accordance witri-a-i7equest made to the Board the Guardians be represented at qa special conference to be held on May 22nd and 23rd, 1906, at the Guildhall, London, for consideration of the following subjects :—(1) " Children's Courts and Pro- bation Officers," (2) "Remand Homes," (3) "The Free Feeding of School Children." Some discussion took place as to whom the repre- sentatives should be. Three grouns of names were sub- mitted to the meeting :—The Chairman, Mrs. Clay and the Clerk : the Chairman, Mr. Mather and the Clerk ; Mr. Mather, Mrs. Clay and the Clerk. The delegates selected were the Chairman, Mrs. Clay and the Clerk. Mr. MATHER announced his intention of attending the conference at his own expense. NEW TREASURER.

It was resolved : "That the resignation of Mr,John Murray as Treasurer of the .Guardians be accepted and, in pursuance of the applic...t:9n in that behalf made by the Guardians, that Mr. William Skinner, Mr. Murray's successor at Parr's Bank, be appointed Treasurer on the same terms,and that the Local Government be requested to sanction same."

===== 0002601_19060519_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKES THE.

(Copyright.)

A SON OF EMPIRR

By MORLEY ROBERTS,

Author of "The Western Avernus," " Strong Men and True," "The Earth Mother," "Red Earth," "The Great Jester," ttc,

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: Madge Gretton, while touring abroad with her mother, becomes acquainted, in an unconventional way, with a certain Capton Richard Blundell, a military man of great reputation as a traveller and linguist, but whose udvancement in the army is hindered by an old feud with one of his superiors. Madge is an ardent Imperialist. She long ngo made up her mind to marry a man such as Blundell. Her mother ; strives to make her respect the conventions, but one morning the girl secretly goes mountaineering , with Blundell, who is interested in her, and she falls in love with him in earnest. She goes to see him a when he departs for Dum-Dum, and he , kisses her. It transpires that his greatest enemy in the Service is Sir Daniel Fielding, the Adjutant.. I General, the father of Madge's closest friend, Annette Fielding. Sir Daniel Fielding's intense I hatred of Blundell prevents the latter from rising in the Service.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
4:41. • 4 BREAD

A MARVEL OF VALUE

NEW ACCONDIAN-PLEATED SKIRT,

"rN3L2EI Erumv3o,da..-;'

AS SIiFTCH. IS smart 5 Skirt or

Black, Navy, varpagne 'PO Sky reseda, rOwli Ilelio. irriaoe Cream Turcl raid. extra. Biscnit. : of waist and length twilit' ed. 42 inc.- Larger viers 6d. extra. TII7ELEADE CO., Skirt Manufacturers, 58/64 HIGH STREET, TOOTING, LONDON, SAS.

Please

This '1:;?• ti B in Voile , Alpaca, beautifully 1 3 made and "jlPAr,,y ‘-k finished. 4::7 I lt send Biz. renni, 'AIIEI ill 34, 36, 38, 40, 42 inches. - T dr.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- _

===== 0002601_19060519_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
•yo t- -1100.1....1.11 ABSOLUTELY PURE THE EDUCATION BILL.

thing in the world the result was more important than the machinery. Why were they zealous for religious education? They desired that every boy or girl who left school should leave more attached to religion than when he or she went, confirmed and strengthened in religious faith, and, what was more relevant,in religious practice. If they were zealous for denominational teaching they were zealous because they believed that the principle of denominational teaching should attach children more closely to a denomination and bring them more in the way of zealous religious practice. They had not the slightest objection to the principle of public control, and a teacher's professional career should hrs.:mite independent of his religious belief, but they said that the first concern must be with the child's well-being. In regard to appointing teachers without tests, it meant they were to be appointed without regard to their religines cenvictiens : that was t say, an Agnostic or a Unitarian might be appointed to give Christian teaching. That principle they denounced as absurd, and it appeared to be abandoned altogether, and now it was contended that a teacher should not be asked to subscribe a particular form of belief. The Bishop had told them that be was a manager of a school but that he never dreamt of a teacher being asked to do anything of the kind. No one could any longer maintain that it was pert of the right of a teacher to give religious teaching whether he was fit for it or not, and it was now said that the local authority had a perfect right to e any inquiry it pleased. le eat became of the g •iev- ce which was so tremendously aired at the late electiou ? The change which took T3lace was that the mechanism was removed from a board of managers to the local authority. That would throw a considerable obligation upon Churchmen if the Bill passed, because, though in debate it was con- ceded teachers ought to be appointed with a due regard to their religious convictions, he was not sure whether it was not intended to get rid of the definite character of religions instruction which had hitherto been considered advisable or essential. They must be vele, 'careful to see that the local authorities e zriod out the wishes of the majority of the parents, and give teaching satisfactory to them. They must see that that was done not only in non-provided schools, but in pro- vided schools. Thefe must be definite religious instruc- tion as the majority of the parents wished. The Government in two respects were not faithful to the principle of public control. That applied in respect of the Camper-Temple eines°, and that chest was flatly contrary to the principles of public control. That principle WEIS that the instruction given in the schools should be the sort of instruction which the ratepayers thrcrueh their representatives preferred. They might, give Bible teaching in theirechools—very little if tney liked, and for only a short time. They might give the literary, ethical ant histerical treatmeat of the Bible or no religions instruction at all. Bet they might not teach the Church Catechism. That was to be shut out in violation of the principle of public content, which reqni re .1 that they a ho paid the piper should call the tone. They must not play a tune which was offensive to the Nonconformists—however much they paid, they must not (3111 that particular tune. (Laughter.). If the tune was against the Church of England, the principle he had alluded to was an inalienable right, but if not, then it could be very well set aside. (Laughtere Then with regard to the four-fifths clause that was frankly stated by ?Jr. Asquith to be put forward to please the Roman Catholics. He (Lord Hugh Cecil) was most anxious that our education should satisfy the Roman Catholir a and all other sincere religious persons inthecommunity. But he did protest as an outrage against all the principles of religious equality that a Government should sit down to their legislative work propounding it as one of their rules that they were to try and satiety Roman Catholics, and not make any corresponding effort to satisfy the far larger number who were joined in the Church of England, (Applause.) He believed there were two motives, neither of them very respectable, underlying this desire to conciliate specially and peculiarly Roman Catholic feeling. One of them was the desire on the part of the most extreme Noncon- formists to attack the Church of England and their willingness to make terms with any other body of opinion in order that they might carry out the attack. Another was to avoid a vehement opposition which Roman Catholic representatives in Parliament and Roman Catholics in the country were known to be ' ready to make, and to concede therefore to vigour what they would not in the case of the Church of England concede to reason. Church people must make it pa-. I fectly Clear that while they desired eareestly and even I passionately that all religioos people should have their religious scruples carefully attended to by Parliament andshonld have a system of education set tip that effec• tirely gave them what they desired foe the teaching of their children, they mast have an education settlement that was n3t framed on so partial a principle that the I Nonconformists, Jews and Roman Catholics were con- I sidered while the rights and convictions of the Church of Engle ed were only considered to be set aside.(Applause). Continuine Lord Hugh Cecil said they were not satis- fied with the endeaorninaeional system, under the ' Cowper-Temple clause, because first they conld not be quite sure what it would mean. That was the principle I objection to it. It might mesa any.bing or nothiag. The Bible should be taught and was f „tight in every Church school in the couatry but the question was: Who was it taught by, under was:: system was it taught, what was the sche ne of ter thing? Everyone knew ; I they might tench anything in the world which relirrior People had held out of the Bible. The Bible hrins this ; remarkable cbaraoteristlc : That Roman Catholics, I Presbyterians, the Church of England, Baptists, Congregatiocalists, and even MIR .riaes, all venerated I it; and all claimed the Blade Was on their side. Merely I to say they we a going to teach the Bible was veey proper as far as it went, batit dd no really describe the religious inetenction they wwe going to give. Tbe question wee: What sort of religioas instruction and what sort oZ Bible irstractioa were they going 1 to give? That was particularly the case in elementary school, when from the water° of the !case they could only teach a• small part of I the Bible, and when everything depen ied on the selec- tion made by the Educe:ion Cornas•ttee. who the teacher was, and what his opinions were. The clause was expressed in a geaeral term—that no catechism o formula distinotive of a religious denomination was to be taught, but practically speaking, that meant the Church Catechism Was eecluded. They could not con- ceive, if they allowed such a wide discretion, why the Church Catechism was to be singled oat £l3 the one thine not to be taught. By excluding that distinctive Cher& teaching they were creating an atmosphere and impres- sion on a child's mind hostile to the system of the Church. It was quite easy to see when they came to consider a particular case that to teach a part only was in effect to bias the mind of the di .ciple against what lay beyond. It Was presented to him as being Chris- tianity, as being religion. He was acceetomed to think of it as that, but if he heard more at another time with less authority it. seemed to him teat the matter was untrue or subordinate—a sort of superstenctnre which might be accepted but which did cot stand on the same basis as the fundamental tenets he was taught,. (Applause.) Anyth:ng more unfair or vexatious to religious sentiment than that church, buildings, the fruit of so many aspirations and ow:elfish labours should be used for the purpose they were meant to be used for and should be teroed to a purpose for which theyirrei:sßill as wereßi nowtbpuailsts,ed in could not fm t imagined. f he contended, be paving the way to that Secularism which was sometimes held out as rebogey to drive them

to undenominationalism. He did not believe the British people would, with their eyes open, adopt Secularism, but he thought they might very readily drift into it. If they got the schools managed so that religious instruction might be treated year by year with an increasing measure of neglect, the hour for giving it shortened,the syllabus, as it would be called, simplified. until it were reduced to mere reading of the Bible, the teachers being allowed to absent themselves, the chil- dren not pressed and never compelled to attend, then, he took it, as years went on, slowly, bit by bit, they 'blight get to be accustomed to a secular system and Secularism. As long as thsy had a denominational standard of religious instruction in their educational system that affected people's minds, it prevented religious instruction being neglected, and altogether forgotten. But banish that system from their educational machine, and then they did run a great risk. It was a very great matter in leed. Education meant the train- ing of those citizens who were in future to govern and rule over this country, of which they were all so proud. Let them not jeopardize so precious a heritage. Let them take care that those who came after them were filled with the spirit of right and wrong and the principle of faith in an unseen world, so they should indeed be worthy of what they bad to do. Let them then take care of their schools and guard them so that those who came after them might preserve and not lose the rich inheritance that was theirs. (Loud cheers.) The resolution was put to the meeting and declared carried by a large majority. A few persons held up their hands against it. The Rev. E. C. E. CARLETON moved :—" That we, in this meeting assembled, pledge ourselves to further in every lawful way the attainment of the foregoing reso- tution, and we authorize that the same be forwarded to the Prime Minister, the President of the Board of Education, the Member of Parliament for Warrington, arid Mr. A. J. Balfour for their support." (Applause.) He contended that it was ridiculous to make the Town Council a body having authority in matters of religion. Here it was that the Bill was ylainst the common law, as well as against common(justice and common sense. The common law had ever required spiritual qualifications in those who dealt authoritively with spiritual things ; that was a principle universally recognised, and upon which was founded that spiritual jurisdiction which from the first had been part of the common law of the country. This illiberal and religious Bill was lacking in the elements of common sense, of common justice, and he told Mr. Birrell, lawyer though he might be, that it was against the common law of the land, in which the liberties of our country wArs enshrined. (Applause.) Mr. JOHN WHITE seconded and the, resolution was carried by a large majority. The Bishop and Lord Hugh Cecil .s_were thanked on the proposition- of Sir GILBERT GREENALL, bart., seconded by Colonel BUCKTON. Similar resolutions to the above were adopted at the overflow meeting which WAS addressed by the Yen. Archdeacon Madtien.

The Examiner, Saturday, May 19, 1906.

CAUISE AND CONSI,-QiE7t2.l

am be connected so definitely as the movements of the earth or the moon are explained by the law of gravitat:on. Probably there are particular conditions of the sun which do actually precede particular weather chances, but thoso determin- ing solar causes of meteorological change have so far eluded detectio,.. The various kinds of messages which the Bun's rays bear to the earth are being accumulated in solar observatories, and persistent attempts are being made to understand the code in which they are written. Little by little the language of the sun is being put together, but we still await the discovery of an inscription which will provide a key to solar influences, se the Rosetta Stone did for Egyptian hieroglyphs. When this key has been found, it will be possible to predict the seasonal weather from BOOBS to rear in ad.

vance. metoororozy is a utilitarian science in the main, and every fact which will increase the rccuracy of weather wsrnings, or lengthen the period over which scientific forecasta ct-Ja nas.-Jc-, is pressed luta its service.

PARALYSIS OF THE NERVES. Given Up By Doctors. MARVELLOUS CURE BY DR. CASSELL'S TABLETS. Mr. 0. ABBOTT (late Police Court Missionary), 35, Gipsy Road, Leicester, writes, March 23rd, 1905: I was taken ill four years ago with Paralysis of the Nerves. I have been unable to walk for that time, and since last September have been confined to my bed. My doctor told me I would never walk again. I decided to try your tablets, and am pleased to say that the result bas been miraculous. After ten days' treatment I ,was able to walk across my bedroom with the aid of my stick. I have gradually improved, until now I arc able to dress myself and MR. 0... A now. walk in the garden. I thank God for what you have done for me, mine was the svor.it case known in this town, and I cannot praise sour treatment too highly. Statement attested to by Me. J. BATEMAN, 37, Gipsy Road, Leicester. Dr. CASSELL'S FLESH-FORMING AND STRENGTHENING TABLETS c.ire the most pronounced eases of JECEED NERVES INDIGESTION BODILY WEAKNESS NERVOUSNESS NEURASTHENIA LOSS OP FLESH ANzEMIA PARALYSIS OF NERVES. Abundance of medical proof and testimon;als from al parts of the world. Dr. Jackson, Dr. J. Blair, Dr. J. J. Comm, and other medical experts certify to the extraordinary strengthening, sustaining and great cura- tive power of these tablets. You will feel brighter, stronger and healthier, mentally and Oysically after the first day. Ask for Dr.CASSELL'S FLESH-}ORMING AND STRENGTH- ENING TABLETS, price 1011. and 2s. 9d. Der box. Sold by ell Chemists, or post fie° from the famous Dr. Cassell's Co. Ltd., King Street West, Manchester. Advice free by latter.

' • • ep: •

===== 0002601_19060519_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CHURGHPEOPLE'S

PROTEST. Visit of Lord Hugh Cecil.

, Warrington C,hurchpeople assembled in strong force at a meeting held in the Pair Hall on Frida evening to protest against the Education Bill. The visit of Lord Hugh Cecil had been looked forward to with great interest, and the hall was crowded in every part, an overflow meeting being held on the open space near Holy Trinity Schools. Before the meeting in the Hall began the audience joined vary heartily in singtpg well- known Church hymns, Mr. F. NI. Darby. Mug, an. pre- siding at the organ. On entering to take the chair the Bishop of Liverpool (Right Rev. Dr. Chavasse) bad a hearty welcome. He was supported by Lord Hugh Cecil, most of the local clergy and many leading lay- men. After the singing of "The Orturch's one Foundation" prayer was offered by the Rector. • The BISHOP said the Education Bill was read for the second time the previous night, and by a majority of more than 200. That fact need not perturb them. (Applause.) Their memories were long enough to remember that four years ago another Education Bill was read for the recond time, with a still larger majority. If it happened that this Education Bill became an Education Act, they mighil look forward 1 hopefully to the time when another majority equally barT ~.„, woold amend or remove it from the statute •ecut'r• (Anplause.) Meanwhile their policy was th ' TheY could do their utmost, to amend e Bill as it passed through committee. They could make the House of Lords feel that a very large number indeed of English people were whole- heartedly against the Bill and if it passed both Houses they could do their utmost to bring about its renell..l (Applause.) Their present duty, he took it, was to help ' the Government as far as thev.could to among the Bill on right lines. There Were certainly two good points about ' this Bill. First, it recognized religious education and secondly in its 4th clause it recognisad denominational . education. They should first aim to secure religion teach- ing for their children. (Applause.)Tlais Bill permitted it I but did not eecure it. It might. as a leading Church- ! man of the diocese had said, be celled a Bill to diseouvale religious teaching in the public elementary schools. It gave the local education authority the power to for- bid religious teaching, and it gave the teachers fall !: power to decline to give any religions teaching what- -ever. He was afraid that if that was the case, in small - country schools like Padgate and Hollinfa re, any disin- ,, elination of the head teacher might lead to giving no : religious teaching at all. Last hut not least parents ra-,„ght or might not send their children to be taught the ' °lble, catechism or Prayer Book, for religious teaching, according to the Bill, was to be outside school hours. !t Was for them to do their utmost to hale the word ' Bay" in regard to religious teaching deleted and the Word" Imust " inserted—(applsuse)—so that every local authority was bound to teach the children the rudiments Of the faith, that every teacher who could not con- scientiously give that teaching himself, might yet make - arrangements for it to he given and that every child at least might be within'the school walls when the religions teaching was given. (Applause. )Secondly,they must claim that definite Church teaching be given to every Church child— i (applause)—not only n what were called non- Provided schools—that was voluntary schools—but also ' ....in the provided and the Council schools. (Applause) varents had an inherent right to demand tbatthair chil- Idren should be trained in their own religions faith. A Parent was responsible for the spiritual training of his Child, and if the State compelled him to send his child , to school, the State was bound to provide that child With that kind of religious teaching which the parent I required. Chnrchpeople paid the grea+er part of the 1 rates and taxes, and the great constitutional principle Was that those who paid rates and taxes should have a , voice in their expenditure—(upplause)—and they had a right to ask that the money spant OD education should b. ^ !Pent on the lines that they liked, without infringing on the religious liberty of those who differed from _them. The principle was already conceded in the Bill. -,L,f denominational teaching was good for four-fifths of 'Pe children in a school, why in the name of common- !ebse was it not good for one half or one quarter o! i ',hose children? (Applause.) Why drew the line at at magical four-fifths? He could not for cue moment have—the Government bad certainly repudiated it— they deliberately introduced that principle to injure Church of England. Whether they: did so or not Ft e: fact remained that that clause would deal thei: Lchools a deadly blow. It would practically clove as 'daurch schools three outkof every four of the Church hanschools in the country, while on the other fourcith Roman Catholics escaped with One- , A very pgi the end the Wesleyan s with less than half. i c0utt,,,,,,,8Y word had been mported into the preLent tion in cerilintuwas " tests "and it had created corste • :14., substituted th nartere. But supposing. for tests tl,e,• had been a es cwh 0°,311 civatifl cnrtif7 ? • engaged many a head telher but he had never once qe many years e ro(Hear, bear) le arid ba,dn, asked a head teacher to sign a formular b crib(' a religious article of any kind, hut he bad 411 careful inquiries . made if the person who vas to teach tbe childrenof his parish the Church Catechism and Church doctrinea believed what he was willing to teach- be had made careful inquiries if he was qualified by knowledge , and by training to teach them, and he aimed he bad a . Pght to ask these questions and the Church of England had a right to see that those who instructed her children genuinely believed and aaere thoroughly qualified to teach what was entrusted to then. (Hear, bear.) It Was no new thing they were askint. They were oely , -asking what the leading educational countries in Europe , • had tried and found to succeed. In Denmark. Germany' s 4,,rid Scotland they had denominational education and . , l''ese conn+ ries stood in the very forefront in the educa- tional , wonal world. They were only seeking to have in England , What these great countries had tried abeady And with success. (Hear, hear.) He asked for it. not for them- • telves only hut for others also. The Bill as it stood a partisan Bill and a one-sided Bill. (Rear, hear.) i ~ '; considered the Nonconformists, it hoped to conciliate ~.% Roman Catholics, but it toc,k, he ventired to say, ' the slightest notice of the Church of Enilend. It I v:ught to remove the grievance—and he admitted that iloncnnformists had a grievance—(hear, hear)—but had lt done it in a right way? Was it right, to remove one glei'ance to impose another? (Hear, bear.) If the ,(11 of 1902 chastised Nonconformists with whips, this Jain chastised Churclipeople with SC3rpir9. (Applause. Ale, .T. CHARLTON PARR moved : " That we in this meeting assembled protest against the Education Bill 'OOl affirm that no Education Bill can satisfy members "f the Church of England which does not allow the Children to be trained in accordance with the faith of their parents in school hours, by teachers who believe What they teach and are qualified to teach it." Lord Huon CECIL, who had a great reception, seconded. Referring to .the principles of public Con- trol and the abolition of tests for teachers, be sAid they Might be very good principles indeed, but they wee not the most important matter concerned in education, because they both related to the machinery of education and not to its result. If they were dealing with any-

In growing vigour and failing power.

For development

and decline.

In breaking health and convalescence.

When the digestive organs are weak from sickness or illhealth they need abundant rest, as the invalid's weakened frame needs rest.

When strength is returning a care- fully regulated and increasing amount of exercise is beneficial.

What could be more to the purpose than a food of great nutritive value— a food which can be made suitable for any degree of digestive power, by the simple process of letting it stand for a longer or shorter period at one stage of its preparation?

Such a food, and the only food possessing this feature, is BENGER'S FOOD, which is in this special way self-digesting.

What applies to the invalid can be urged with equal force in regard to the tender infant or the weakened functions of age. Benger's Food is dainty and delicious and most easily digested. Sold in tins by Chemists, etc., everywhere. ,

===== 0002601_19060519_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.1

-

===== 0002601_19060519_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
A STORY FROM WARRINGTON.

A striking story is the more striking, and also the more convincing when it recsives the best guarantee of all—the gmirantee of time. We will all agree that tais endorsement of the experience of a neighbour la full of good hope for all of us. Nearly six years aftlr Mm. A. Farrington, 17, Dutton- street, Waxring.,on, in le tbe statemeut about the cure of her kidoey trouble by Doan's baxorache kidney pills, she said :—" There is no mistake about it, Doan's pills are a splendid medicine, and all that has been pablished about iny cure is quite try,. My cure has proved a lasting one, and Icm endorse every word I previously said. There has be no return of ray complaint to speak of, but at times when catch cold I feel a slight pain, but Doaa's pills qu:okly put swii right." Mrs. Farrington's orig'isal statement is as follows : " For two years I suffered ago lies with pains in my back, caused by ray kidneys being out of order. The secretions from tne kidneys were unnatural, my eyes weee puffy anderuesth, and I came over giddy. I seemed to be full of wind ; ray rest did mono good, and I got very feeble. A neighbour told me about Doan's backache kidney pills, and T got some to try. Giadu- ally I got better until I was quite myself aain. My kilneys were acting properly, and the pains and other symptoms had gone. (Signed) A. FARRINGTON." Dorm's Bsckache Kidney Pills are two suillin Is and ninepence per box (six boxes for thirte,m s'iillirrts and ninepence). Of all chemists and stores, or nost free, direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Welb-street, Oxford-street, London, W. Be sore yot g3t exactly the same kind of pills that Mrs. Farrington had.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGT3N MAN'S SUICIDE.

Coroner and the Infirmary Authorities.

Mr. S. Brighouse, coroner, conducted an ingv.st at Warrington on Tuesday on the body of Henry Gibbirs (38), 49, Watkin-street. a general labourer who heng , himself early on Toe day moraing. The Coroner stated that Gibbins had bPen suffering from pasurnouia, an L en attcnded by Dr. Adams. At six o'clock that mornim; he was de'irious, and insisted I on going out of t'oe'hou:. 3. His wife and others fol- lowed bin, aad ult*-r^ ety be went to the Infirmary. ' There he was seen by D... Brown, the hou. surgeon,who told hl/4 wife he would LE3,3 him there for a time. Mrs.' Gaibins tbea wsat to a nc'gilbatir's horse prior to going home. On reach; og home at 8.10 she went upst Li-2 and found hoe husband h.ngingbeindtbe door from a piece of cord atochsd to a hook. How he managed to get out of the InBinnary and bang jury wanici to know. himself was what the Elizabeth Ann Gibbins, deceased's wife, spoke to following her husband out cif tse house. He gave then the "slip," but they sob..egaently found him in the Ing-rrlrv. -

.„ The witness appeared to ba much distressed, and the : Coroner asked her to st .nd cloa a for a while. Sarah ,Thoes, 41. Watkim-stmet r id she assisted Nirs. Gibbins throughout the night to look after he-husband. They conld not kcal) him dowr and at 6.20 that morn- ing he dressed bitr it and went out. As soon es he got outside be con-menced rut-ming, f id nobody could stop him. Imey found bim bytiagoes-19 se, bat he : gave them the "sip," end they lost sight of EOM. At 7.15 they heard he was in the Tolinnary, end witness and Mm. Gibos went the-e. Witmees hod a talk with Gibbins. who WBl sittlog in a chair in the • icideat room aid asked him to come home, but he re2usc 1. This was at 7.30. Witness aisivi Dr. Brown if he would keep Gibbins p ill 8.30, and thay would feints him in a cab. Thedoctor said he would. Mrs. Gibbirs and viiimeia thai left ths Infirmary and went to witness's house, where they bad a cap of tea. At 8.40 wit weat with Jr.'. Gibbing home, but they could not get into the house. The door Norm bust open, and Gibb:ns was found banging in the bedroom. Dr. Browa stii.ed that Gibbins arrived at the Tofl7- mary at about seven o'clock that mowing. Witner:s asked him a few questions, and quickly found Gi hboui had come to the /afirmary under imprsion shit he had got two or three pieces of pips stam Tti his throat, and wanted them taken out, There was no truth in what he said, and witne:s foand he was suffering from hallucination. Gibbins thought some tickling he had in his throat was from pipe stems, and he said they heel been put there by his children during the night. He was evidently of unsound mind at the moment. Witness saw ne was not fit to be left alone, and he was waiting with him when Mrs. Gibbons and her friend : arrived. Both were in an aeiiated state. They told witness that for a brief while 'Gibbons had bean strange in his mind, and he dm:era:druid to keep his eye upon deceased and make sure be w m not left ucless wi,h some , competent person. They were very certwded at Vie Infirnaary and could not potslbly ike a r se in, end half an hour later witness determined that Gibbons could not stop. Witness could not commiLrio a any o: the nu,ses or the porter to si.sy with him, and ho sent the p -tient home. The Coroner: What I A man suffering from pneu- monia, and you say be is out of his mind, and to o him adrift out of the infirmary. Witness : I "tuned him adrift" under a competent charge, The Coroner adjourned the inquest until Mondav so that the Inflrenary antlio‘ities could be present and say what they bad to say. Toe Corcrier inst,mcted his officer (Mr. Barlow) to go to the Lifhroary aid make a fall report. He said there must he a fall inquiry into the circumstances of the case. Tee widow was very much upset and had not had time to compose herself. Haman nature was human nature all the world over,and perhaps he (Mr. Brighouse) was apt to be indignant that day. Perhaps they would be in a more judicial frame of mind after a few more days, and they would hear everything that had to be said on both sides, and consider it in a calm and judicial maaner.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THIEF SEVERELY THRASHED.

Before he Wil4 given in charge by the manager of ths yanchester Hotel, Aldergate-street, for stealing au. overcoat, Alexander Hashim, art Egyptian, received a and a, the Guildhall on Thursday Sir Walter c skai n in g t, imprisonment, said there was no justification for the assault. his into account, Hashim was sentenced o but for the theft of a h e Regent-street shop he received a sentence of four months. severetwalotn reft Wrh Takingorimlh month's a

Professor Haeckers "The Evolution of Man," the library edition of which was last year issued at two guineas, is now being published by Messrs. Watts, slightly abridged and much simplified, in two sixpenny parts. Each part consists of nearly two hundred pages, with over two hundred illustrations. It would be difficult to surpass this for cheapness. The same firm are also issuing, in their sixpenny series, a brochure on " Sunday Observance: Its Origin and Meaning," by Dr. W. W. liardwicke. Among more expensive works in their new list are " A Short Story of Freethought," by Mr. J. M. Robertson, M.P., in two large volumes, and "The Anatomy or Knowledge," by Mr. Charles E. Hooper.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- .-'

===== 0002601_19060519_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
LALL /LIGHTS RESERVED.

THE ROMANCE OF PAPER MAKING,

W. T. PALMER.

(in the manufacture of paper loss Lingeo toe whole progress of civilisation. Nations have ever graded in point of culture mid power by their ability to produce and use this staple. The clumsy enevrolled brick of the As- syrian races, the costly and scarce parchments of the Persians, the cumbrous waxed tablets of ancient Greece, each carried these nations to the front of their more savage compeers, but their advancement is halting when compared with the intellectual progress of the Egyptians, whose everyday medium for the record and interchange of thought was the easily-prepared and con- venient papyrus. The subjects on which suc- cessive talented generations by the Nile ex- hausted their pcwers were by them sidvanced to a marked degree. The priests and literati, even the educated classes below them, of that far-off time possessed rich stores of various knowledge which modern research, from the vague border- land to which it has so difficultly attained, can do little more than guess at. After the fall of Egypt, and the centuries of riot of Barbarism in all parts of the world (save perhaps China), men again began to be dissatisfied that the no- blest acts of their times should be relegated to the uncertainties of legend and ballad, there- fore a new race of scribes began to live in the monasteries and courts of Europe. And per- haps previous to this desire for 'written histories, the copying of Holy Writ had been carried on. The merging of minor chieftainships into the grand domains and concerns of the Emperors also had its influence on the increased necessity for writing, and as parchment was so scarce the need for a new medium began to be more felt. Thus paper began to be prepared from pulped rags, from straw, from the barks of various trees, so that when the science of printing was again evolved (the Egyptians possessed this secret in its entirety ages before), a plentiful supply was available for the hand presses of Caxton, Wynkin de Worde, and their succes- sors. The history of paper, and the record of its various influences on nations and individuals, from this point onward to the present day, is too wide a subject for this sketch, so again long ages are stepped across to reach the modern story of how paper is made.

PAYER OLD AND NEW. Speaking commercially, paper is no longer made of rags. Within the lust thirty years four different staples have bee* used. The first was rags, then surat, a kind of bark brought from India; waste jute was next in use, and now wood pulp. The production of paper in these days is also a very different thing to that detailed by Herodotus in his description of the Deltaic, wonders. The learned Greek tells how the men of the Nile swiunps split the papyrus reeds and took from within the tough covering skin after skin of the most durable mat9.rial. Machinery costing many thousands of pounds is found in every modern paper mill; it is in charge of skilled men, its functions are governed by expert mechanics, the material is in charge of capable chemists. Of course, that luxury of connoisseurs, hand-made paper, is still produced in antique implements and. by time-honoured Methods. _

Among the trees in a Norwegian dell men with axes in hand are moving : one stops in front of this foot-thick sapling, and a few powerful swinging strokes bring it down. The branches are rapidly lopped away, and the trunk dragged to the water's edge. A push and away the log is whirled seaward. At the mouth of the river the timber is diverted into a cross-channel, floated to the wharf, and placed on board the vessel for export. Many of the logs from Norwegian forests, however, and all those set aside in Canada for paper manufacture, are reduced to pulp at factories by the shores of those countries. After ' passing the North Bea the lumber boat arrives at some English port., and here -its cargo, unloaded by steam cranes. is placed on railway trucks en route for the mills. The logs are thrown from the trucks into shallow ponds till required for use—a very nec- essary provision against fire.

THE FIRST PROCESSES, Now -the appointed hour has arrived, and a oatch of baulks are in the grappling iron. They arc carried into the mills and by various machines sawn into small pieces. These are placed in huge boilers with quantities of sulphur and other solvents, and are kept at a high bent for many hours. The wonderful structure of cells and fibres has by that time been broken down, and the resultant mass after being ground into fine fragments is drained and pressed be- tween damp rollers. The pulp, as it comes through this process, is formed into long sheets of the appearance of wet, neutral-tinted flannel. It is also soft and yielding ; a finger can be easily pushed through though the sheet is half an inch thick. Thus, in modem mills, the log is reduced to pulp in three or four days ; for- merly when water was the only known solvent the same took months to perform. Here let it be added that a portion of the world's wood pulp is not made into paper— papier mache, though in reality a distinct ma- terial, is often counterfeited by it, and . most of our cards are pulped sheets pressed tough and thin, and covered with a glaze, which permits them to be written upon.

mon PULP TO PAPER.

The nub to be converted into

ground-up—for hours this time With a lage quantity of water intermixed. The current of pulp and water is forced round and round an elliptical tank, passing into the " beater "-- shaped like the paddle-box of an antiquated steamer—on each journey. After hundreds of such passages the breaker fails to make any fur- ther impression on the particles which are then pumped away to another machine where a con- stant stream of water clears away all impuri- ties, chance lumps, &c. If the paper is to be col- oured, a quantity of strong aniline dye is mixed with it at this stage. Now, in turgid streams. the paper runs down towards the "making machine." This is a wonderful invention, at long succession, yet in perfect order, of troughs and pulleys and cogs, of felts and diverse sized wheels, of cold cylinders and steam-heated ones. The material as it is carried along completely changes its nature. Stand a moment by the machine, and consider its working. Note also the watchfulness of the man in charge. He is ever tearing out small squares which he weighs in a delicate balance ; his eye is upon the colour- ing ; upon the volumn which the machine is dealing with. Should any one of the various pipes fail in its supply the paper is spoiled in comparison to the sample lying before the man in charge. Then, too, the hundred-foot-long monster needs perpetual attention, for unless it runs smoothly the product is simply waste. The water with paper particles in solution runs down into a transverse tank from which it emerges in a broad current on to a finely wove endless wire mat, which is moving forward. So fine are the meshes that a hundred and sixty are found in a single square inch—the effect of these narrow interstices is that as the wire runs on its forty feet level, the water ebbs away. The little dots of material are left on the surface, and by their own weight fall into a soft pulp. The fibres with which each mite is clothed knit them- selves together, and the pressure of a flannel- covered roller completes the process of consoli- dation. After passing this roller the fabric is strong enough to hold together : it is carefully fed along felt blankets revolving at a slow speed, and then on to a cylinder, twelve feet in dia- meter, revolving, ,and heated by steam. This dries the paper, which is to the average eye al- most a finished product. Closer observation, however, shows that it could not be written or printed upon : the surface is rough and spongy, blurring at the touch of ink.

FINAL STAGES. The completing processes are now taken in hand A liquid size "of resin, china clay, and other nigieuienis o prepareu, mid the sees of paper unwound to pass through it. If one side only is to be " finished " this is com- paratively simple, but or, both sides to be treated the paper is conducted over a maze of rollers till it becomes difficult for the onlooker to say where the real course of the web lies. After sizing the paper is passed between hot rollers— steel tubes heated with steam —and comes out smoothed and polished—fit for the pen or the press. The hot-roller treatment is used to all classes of paper, for the pressure is sufficient to make unsized paper retain ink without blurring. The machine by which a reel of laiper six feet aide, and perhaps three quarters of a mile lcsig is cut into sheets, say 20 inches by 30 icates in size, is worth watching. Along a bar at the top of the frame four circular .knives are set twenty inches apart ; in front of them is long blade is fixed on a shaft miming from side to side of the maciane. when me paper is red in and the machine started, the circular blades divide it ac- curately, while the long blade revolves at a regulated speed so that when thirty inches of the reel have run it has journeyed round to the cutting point again. The deliberate motion of this knife when cutting a sixty inch sheet is in amusing contrast to the whirlwind of slashes when pieces of about ten inches long are going through. The divided sheets are individually examined: in some the colour is not quite even, a small crease snakes another considered imperfect. These sheets are thrown aside, and are sent back to a machine to be ground up, and afterwards re-made. The perfect sheets are counted hits reams, packed and marketed.

VARIOUS PAPERS.

Perhaps a line on two special varieties of paper may be of interest. That tough /awe] with a muslin fabric apparently interwoven, used for registered envelopes in our post-offices, is made by pressing the muslin into the half-made paper as it passes round the huge steam chest after the journey along the draining wire. What is called art paper is much used for some purposes— possesaing sidP.s of varying colour, say red and yellow, green and white. Most of this is made by varnishing a yellow sheet red on one side—an easy matter with proper machin- ery, but the first duplex papers were made by imposing two distinct sheets on top of one an- other in their half-made state, and pressing them together. Where does the immense production of paper go to. Counting-houses, packing-room, news- paper office, publishing house, each use their thousands of tons. Paper is 80 common with us that it is not valued, yet I see that tatter of newspaper fling along the street in the wind, and settling in some little dusty crevice of a wall—will that tmconsidered scrap ever be held of importance ? It may be so. The libraries of the ancients were destroyed. utterly, such may happen again in the case of our modern collec- tions of books, and the antiquarians of a thou- sand decades hence, may perhaps from fugitive fragments of newspapers and letters, be able to piece together our history, as our learned men have done in the case of the old Egyptian race.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

SEA BOTTLES.

Curious experiments have been carried out by Captain Simpson of the steamship Moravian to test the course and spied of' ocean currents. For the past fifteen years, during the passage of this liner between Plymouth, South Africa, and Australia, the captain has every day thrown overboard a tightly-corked beer bottle containing a scroll bearing the latitude, longitude, and date when cast adrift, together with a request to the finder to forward the bottle to him at the Lon- don offices of the steamship line. The captain, who is a member of the British Meteorological Society, keeps a careful record of his daily opera- tions. The number of bottles returned to him, however, is very small, the average being less than one per year.. THE CAUSE OF APPENDICITIS.

Not a few medical men have favoured the theory that it is the introduction into the appen- dix through the food of some sharp irritating substance, such as pips, toothbrush bristles, grit in flour, particles of antimonial rubber stoppers, and so forth, that causes appendicitis. A lay correspondent of the Lancet makes yet another suggestion. "The present age," he writes, " uses increasingly enamel ware which splinters on the least provocation. I find that not only a food such U. porridge will carry the needle-like splinters to the body but a soup and even tea may very well contain sharply splintered particles of this most dangerous glass.' He concludes that we ought to return to the former plain iron and copper-ware utensils. There can be no ques- tion that the swallowing of spicules of enamel would involve some risk to health, remarks Science Siftings, but we are not aware that any cases of appendicitis have been conclusively traced to this cause.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SMALLEST MICROBES.

Dr. Staubli has discovered what he considers a hitherto undescribed bacillus, which is, he be- lieves, the smallest yet cultivated. He suggests that its discovery proves the possibility that vari- ous diseases which are now considered non- bacterial may be caused by similar organisms which have so far eluded observation by their minuteness and difficulty of cultivation. The patient ,was suffering from blood-poisoning. After about three weeks of illness he died. Blood cultures from his body shewed a tiny bacillus, growing on ordinary media at first only in the depths, afterwards also on the surface, but always only in small numbers: Its first appear- ance in the plates was much delayed. shewing tliat the plates of a Elood culture should always be watched during at least six days, even if one germ has already been identified. The doctor believes that the unknown germ was the cause of the infection,-

THE MAKING OF BUFFERS. ! Very few persons, apart from those whose busi- ness it is to notice machinery, seem to bestow any attention on the comparatively small but im- portant projections called buffers, on railway and other carria.zes, which add so largely to the cm- fort of the traveller, says the Magazine of Corn. t tnerce. It may casually be noticed that one type of buffer may be long, another short, but the passenger enters the carriage without thinking that but for the little appliance at the ends, and Possibly underneath, he would be shaken almost to pieces long before his .destination was reached. The buffer is continually acting; quietly and steadily the piston, with its large head, is being pushed in and out, and it is only when it is sent in so rapidly as to reach the bottom, and cause a nasty jar, or bump. that the motion is felt and we become aware of its existence. This, aid to our comfort, and the protection of the vehicle and our persona, is I a most interesting and intri- cate piece of mechanism within and without, and on it are expended all the science and skill which careful research can suggest. It has to be con- sidered that the finished buffer will be struck all day long, often with terrific force, and with all kinds of blows, mostly short and sharp—of alt the most wearing—and, therefore, the selected is a mild steel of the very best quality not too soft, lest a sudden blow should cause it .0 bend, nor too hard lest it should crack or t-Tznik —and either cast or forged into the required form.

THE RUSTING OF IRON. An important advance in the elucidation of this much-debated problem has been made by Dr. Moody, whose experiments are described in the "Transactions of the Chemical Society." This investigator has devised an apparatus in which little polished rods of soft Swedish iron containing 99-8 per cent of the metal can be brought into contact with water and air com- pletely freed from carbon dioxide. When the ends of the rods immersed in pure distilled water rested directly on the bent tube containing them, little discoloration occurred at the point of contact, but when the enas were surrounded with little knobs of paraffin wax so that the rods were nowhero in contact with the glass, then no rusting was observed even after bubbling through the apparatus more than thirty times the amount of air required to oxidise the metal completely to ferric oxide. On the other hand, when ordinary air containing carbon dioxide was introduced, the metallic surface rapidly became tarnished and much rust speedily separated. Moreover, it was shewn that, although the rust- ing of iron is effected by the ordinary commer- cial hydrogen peroxide solution, which is always acid, vet this oxidation is not produced by the redistilled peroxide, which slowly evolves half its oxygen at the surface of the iron without tarnishing the metal in the slightest. As a practical outcome of these experiments the rust from the interior of iron flushing tanks was ex- amined, sine in these vessels the metal is alter- nately and in rapid succession exposed to air and water. The rust was found to contain from 8 to 12 per cent. of its iron as fermis carbonate, the remainder of the product consisting of ferrous and ferric oxides. Here, again, the facts point unquestionably to the interaction of the metal and carbonic acid as being the initial „use of rusting.

WEATHER FORECASTS. Among the many subjects engaging the atten- tion of astronomers and meteorologists at the present time, none is of greater practical import- ance than that which aims at the discovery of a means of prrdicting the character of our t:er.Krus by observations of the sun, or at extending tio reriod over which weather forecasts can be made. Professor R. A. Gregory, writing in the Sunday at Home, says it is probable—indeed, it. is almost certain--that the prediction of weather over much longer periods than are now practicable. will be successfully accomplished when we possess a more intimate and continuous knowledge of the meteorology of the sun than we do at present. In the prediction of good and bad seasons, meteorologists are to-day little in advance of the priests and astronomers of ancient Egypt or Assyria; for the only forecasts that can be mad 3 are based upon the recurrence of cycles of changes. Unfortunately, this is true to a great extent because, although the knowledge of perio- dic changes in .the earth's meteorology over a cycle of- years is of a more exact nature than for- merly, the fundamental causes of the variations from year to year have yet to be found. Amient astronomers were able to predict eclipses with fair accuracy, because

===== 0002601_19060519_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THEY KNEW THE ECLIPRE CYCLE,

though they did not understand the true relation- ships existing between the sun, moon, and 'earth as members of tho solar system, or the law of gravitation. The discovery of this law was the key to all cycles caused by the movement of members of our system, and in the light of it predictions of eclipses are now made. On the other hand, no master-key has been found which will enable the cycles extricated from meteoro- logical records to be seen as oonsequences of natural laws. The sun is responsible for the great moveruenta of the atmosphere which circulates around the solid earth; and certain portions of the globe shew meteorological variations which coincide with variations of solar phenomena, year by year. But it is by no means possible to say, with truth, that a certain kind of weather is produced in the British Isles or any other part of the earth whet, certain phenomena are observed on the sun. Meteosologists zit!, bows not. A. content until LUNCH - TIME

===== 0002601_19060519_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
when you

FORGOTTEN

BREAKFAST

Plasmon Oats

Plasmon Cocoa

All Grocers and Stores.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
"TIRED OF LIFE."

Rescued from the Serpentine. Alice Brown, 23, a housemaid, said," lam tired of life; I have no father or mother, and only false friends, and am starving." Charged on Tuesday at Marlborough-street with attempt- ing to commit suicide, she was remanded.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPT. GRAHAM'S GRATITUDE

Suffered from Sores on Face and Back —Doctors Took His Money But Did No Good —Skin Now Looks Clear as a Baby's.

ANOTHER CURE BY CUTICURA REMEDIES

Captain W. S. Graham, 132/ Eoff St., Wheeling, W. Va., writing June 14, 'O4, says: "I am so. grateful I want to thank God that a friend recommended Cuti- cura Soap and Ointment to me. I suf- fered for a long time with sores on my face and back. Some doctors said I had blood poison, and others that I had barbers' itch. None of them did me any good, but they all took my money. My friends tell me my skin now looks as clear as a baby's, and I tell them all that Cuticura Soap and Ointment did it."

===== 0002601_19060519_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
STILL ANOTHER CURE

Neck Covered With Sores, Hair Fell Out, Wild With Itching Mr. H. J. Spalding of 104 W. 104th St., New York City, says: "For two years my neck was covered with sores, the disease spreading to my hair, which fell out, leaving an unsightly bald spot, and the soreness, inflammation, and merciless itching made me wild. After a few appli- cations of Cuticura the torment subsided, the sores disappeared, and my hair grew thick and healthy as ever."

===== 0002601_19060519_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
AND STILL ANOTHER

"For over thirty years I suffered from painful ulcers and an eruption from my knees to my feet, and could find neither doctors nor medicines to help me, until I took Cuticura which cured me in six months. (signed) M. C. Moss, Gaines- ville, Tex."

Cutieura Soap, Ointment, and Pills are sold throughout the world. Depots:, London, 27 Charterhouse SG.; Faris, 5 Rued. la Nix; Australia, R. Towns 0 Co.,ydney. Potter Drug a Chem. Corp., Roston, LT. S. A., Sole Proin. ger-Send for How to Cure Every Humour." Mailed Free.

111146) "--cce-mt Prices for •Vhitsforths, Bombers, are pounds Iligh-Grade

,A, .

Ency

.Whll

ttry chatilet

tmphs.

I taill%

"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE."

CoTante_ ..enge. Trim. Progress. Premiers. and Cam below those charged by Cycle Agents. Coeentry-made Machine for 24 ay 10/s.CASH. Approval, or c i MONTHLY. Sent on Allowance for old machines. Write for Free Lists TO-DAY. i.., . EDWARD O'BRIEN, Ltd, ..... World's Largest Cycle Dealer. rsiFis YEARS •._..,---. ~ -.7:•.7- . W, OMR . 1. -.......1

===== 0002601_19060519_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
ILARK6BLOODMIXTURf

CLP.IIKE'S 841 PILLS are warranted to cuei,in eithe sex, allacquired for constitutional discharges from the UluaryOrgans, Gravel and Pains in the back. Profs from Metxury. Established upwards of 3n years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicate Vendors throtizth- on ths world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin And Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln. Ad Vt FLORILINE —FOB TEE TEETH AND FITIKATIEL-ThOrOUghly cleanses the teeth from all r arssites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar Dearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 28.6 d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar tor the Florlime " Powder." of all Chemists and Perla is:as.— Advt.

• VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR TRE HAIR.—If your hair ie turning grey or white or falling eff. use the MEXICAN HAIR IthNEWER. for it will positively restore, In every C.IIP, grey or white hair to its origins. colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s. 64. per bottle.—kilvt.

To MOTHERS.—Mre. Mae Low's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers 13r their childrm while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces netuari quiet doep, br relieving the child f Ara ptin atd the little cherub awakes *. as bright as a buffo.' " of all Chemists Is. ltd. par bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, ,

===== 0002601_19060519_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
4

Che eramtntr &tries OF WRIIK-BND NRWSPAPHItS COMPRISRS : ryas WARRINGTON & MID-CHRSHIRE published every Friday afternoon. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh Winwick, Padgate, Lamm, ftc., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. MIDI RUNCORN' EXAMINHR, published every Friday afternoon. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. THE WIDNES BRAMINIIR, published every Friday _l_ afternoon. Widnes contains the lergeet number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. mdE BA.RLBSTOWN AIND NRWTON nXIMINER, I_ published every Friday afternoon. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Harlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Havdock, Lowton. &a The distrie thus comprised is s most important part of the Lancashire coal- fields.

THE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon, circulating in St. Helens, Preecot, Parr. Sutton. Pe‘sley Cross. /tc —the centre of the Glass, Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One •Chree six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. Si. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. O. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... le. 10d. ... 3s. CM. ... 53. Od. 35 ... li. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 6s. Od. 45 ... Is 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... se. Od. ... 7e. Od. 54 ... Is. 6d. ... bs. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... IN. Cd.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Momesctit trbants, eft.

WANTBD, a GERBRAL BBRVANT.—AppIy QUEEN'S HOTEL. TyWesley. - ---------

WANTIM a gond (INTOIRV,; references required.— NIGHFIELD Moorside, Oldham,

WANTPD agoo 013NERAL abla to do plain cooking from 25 to 30.—Arp1y Dirk GEK.llailway Hotel.filhorley

WANTED at =co two GENERALE of good character ; wages 78.-176,LANGW0RTHY RD.,Seedlev, Ntanchester

waNTBD, good GIINVIAL, able to wash and it on; references required.—Apply ROYAL HOTEL, Burnley.

WANTBD, COOK-GENBRAL ;Waitress kept; good home; N.ags3s £2O.—re. MADDOCK% Legh Arms, Prestbury, Mecelesfleld.

NsrANTRD, GBNult4l.; good strong Carl not under 18: reference require<l.—Apply No. 6, lisoweLET RD., !Southport.

WANTICD, respectable GIRL, about 16 : good borne; no children.—Apply by letter. Mrs. BRUN, 8, Carlton rd., Burnley. Lancashire.

WANTED. COOK-OHNBRAL and Housemsid-Waltress, at once ; references required ; priTate.-39, NORTH DRIVE, St Ulnas,

WANTND, COOK-GBNBIId.L. at onoe ; agO 30 to 35 ; good character ; wages 134.—LANGWoRTHY HOTEL Beadle", Mansbester.

NvARUM, Gold ervante. Officers' families Hundreds suited, booking free, le.--I!dooN's REGISTRY, Fern- borough Mdr,hOt.'

IVANTBD, good COOK; famity two, country. Church- woman ; state age, wage's ; reference.—K., Bartholme, Worthington, Wigan.

WANTUD, Reliable atorsgra ; Rood bomb; small family.—Apply Mrs. BELL, Belmont. Chapal-st., Hyde, Cheshire.

ANTBD, good GRNBRALS. Cook-Genmrals and young Girt'; good horses and good wages.—Mrs. CLEGG, Apperley Bridge, Bradford, Yorks.

WARTED GIMBAL, to take all duties. in small private family, South Shore —writs Mrs. HILTON, 96, Bur- lington rd., South Shore, Blackpool.

WANTED a good COOK-tkEtsBEAL for end of May small private family ;no washing ; age 25 ; wages XlB.—Apply 20 Cuazow BD., Southport .

• WARTED, GIRL age from 14 to 16 to be trained as Under-Housem,dd and Waitress.—Apply Wrinoos 2L.MPERANCE HOTEL, 31, City rd., Chester. • WART/ID for 9th Jane, COOK-GtiNERAL about 24. Must have good recommendation —Apply Mrs. Gow, Bank House, Whitefield, near Manchester.

NYANTED GENERALS. Cook-Geo.rala, Honaemalds, Waltressecservanta of every eapacity• THE RELIANCE SELECT REGINTRY, 23, Warbreck-road, Blackpool.

Nv. ANTED COUKS,Cook-generals, Housemaids, Generals, Some for Vaster and PAistress onIy.—BoTToMLEVa BIGUTRY, Morley at. Bradford, Yorks. Bstab. 11387.

----- WANTED. Experteoced Cook General, June 18th ; small family ; also two maid. go,d references.—Mr. RussELL, 18, Palatine rd.. Withington, Manchester.

50 GOVERNESSES, Nursery Governesses, ,to„ Wanted, £7o—£2o. No fee unless placed.— MESDAMES ELLIS & WAGHOILN, 20, Welbeck et., ',cliclon. Established 1812.

vivANTIM, 1300K-GtiNE HAL ; thoroughly experienced Girl ; small family. good wages ; ma et have good references.— 33. PARSONAGg;ID.. Withlngton, Manchester.

V COOK-GHNERAL, also HOUSHMAID ; ages V from 18 to 20 ; wages £l6 and £l4 ; good references required.—WEßß, 29, Clifton rd., Heaton Chapel, near Manchester.

Wli ANTBD good GhRKAL, ars 18 t) 20, for private house; Three in family, wash, plain cooking; good reference regoir d —Apply, 84, WARLEY RD., North Shore

W ANTED 611tRV MST GIRL; family of two; good gee ; easy place; light work ; good references required ; lige 18 to M.—Apply 122 , riLsTI3oURNE RD., Ei) Wale. fkutbport.

MRS. READ Requires numbers SUPERIOR SBuVANTS, Cooks, good and plain, Kitchenmaids, lAtireen.House- TiViid-Waitresses, ani Young 41r113,—SELEC2 REGISTRY RUBbOIMEI, Manchester.

WANTED GENERAL ismart. t11)for honsesvork, and assist in shop if required : good home to one willinr good references indispensable.-ox. 19, Garden at,. Lower Broughton. Man chester.

WANTSD at once GII3IiIIIAL SHHVANT ; duties ; good character indispensable ; comfortable borne ; small famlly ; wages £lB.—Mrs. JOHYSON, 18, Brentwood , Beelee Old rd., Pendleton, Manchester.

VI% ANTED early In done two respectable girls as HOUSE- MAID and GENERAL for gentleman's house. Good Wages. Referenres required. Consi.,rtable home.—Apply PEMBROKE HOUSE, Church rd.. Birkenhead.

/THE WHITWORTH PAHK wants general £l6, £2O, two .1 people, yonng general nursemaid, mothers's hell) all duth-s.Cooks,22o,E22,Hoo.emald Waitreis.224, Flxperlenced Igo booking fee. Stamp.--to4,Mose LANE EAST, Manchester.

iI HS. 1911331'0A, Progressive Servants' Agency, 44, jVICH&BLES ST., Blackpoot. The oldest eatabliebed in Blackpool. Wants Servants with references, for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses; good wages ; enclose stamp. Tele, 0637

===== 0002601_19060519_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
to be let.

PHISKBT'H.—GOOD HOUSHS WITH GARDIII99, 33. 9d per week, Mao Cottages 3s. Bd. and 2s. ed. per Week, IVY LODGH.FROGIIALL LAM!. rentired rent. 41, NEW ROAD, 4. 94. week. SHOP, 2, SCHOOL RPOW. rent 7s. (1. week. SHOP, 124. I,IHRSSY STHSHT. rent ss. week. Apply ROBERT LOWE, tate Agent,:go. 1 Bank-street War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

VILLA. —TO BE LET, Eemi-de.ached Villa: The Nook, Whitelield.road, Tower Walton.— Apply A. MOIINFIELD. Dutton lit., Warrington.

TO LIU 17, FOLLY LANS, will be cleaned for good J tenant, —Apply WOODS & SON Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

TO LET, good HODSH in Derby-street, rant Cs. 6d. will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply IWoons & Sox, Solicitors, Warrington. 4-- TO LET GOOD HOUSE, Parker street, rent 355. month 1. clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply Woore Sow, Solicitors, Warrington.

TO BE LEP House. St. Mary's st , containing 2 sitting- rooms, k itchen . scullery, 3 bedrooms, bathroom, Apply J. LUNT, Bridge foot, Warrington.

4.21-10 P with good Dwelling In Beweev-street, Warrington. k 7 —Snit Grocer, Butcher, Confectioner, Barber, Trioe, Chips, ac. 10 years grocery. Bent reduced.—Apply SKEILAND. Pewiev it. . Warrington.

COTIOBS to be Let, over Union Bank, Sankey Street, NJ' Inarrlngton ; BAIA and airy ; fire places and electric lights In each roon.—Apply J. "iunLow. estate It nd business agent, Union Bank-buildings, Warrington.

TINUTSFORD-ROAD.—TO BB LET, House. containing IX. two sitting-morns, kitchen,scullery, four bedrzoms and bathroom ; rent Bs. Der week ; no rates.—apply J. LUNT, ]ridge-rot W Arrington.

RESEARCH, DI'ICOVERY, AND INVENTION BL A RE3ULTED IN THE PRODUCTION OF • ifIAMONDEEN,' BEG. A perfect Scientific Cleaner. Polish, and Anti-Tarnish for Gold, Sliver, Pewter. Aluminium, and Glass of !every des- cription. Guaranteed free from mercury or injurious matter it only wants a trial to testify wbat we say.—Trial tin post tree on receipt of 6d. to

J. B. WARRINER, 10. Welsh l3ack, Bristol.

T

' "E XAMIN ER" t PRINTING OFFICE BEWSEY 3TREET. WARRINGTON. DEICE LISTS Printed on card or papa Illuetrood If trequired.

. . . .

etfuration.

rAN CA.TER COLLEGE, MGR ECA M BE.-A Pint-dais Boarding School for Boys.—J. W.MATIMILL, Ph.D., M.Sc., Principal.

QANDBAC El SCHOOL, CHNSHIRE.—Moderate Fees. Illustrated Prospectus trorn Headmaster.

UNIVERSITY SCHOOL, SUUT H PORT.— A Most Successful Boarding School for Boys. W. HBNDBRSON, M.. =rinelpal.

Mantel

yOUTH WANTS D, for farm: work, aele mtlk.—Apply S. StCH•RDBOIP, Mere House. Olobberley.

WANTED to buy, the supply of a DAT RY'd NH W MILK —Apply 33, CHAPEL PLACE, Liverpool.

A. GIiNTS earn 20s. weekly by our Live Stock and Genera Inauranee.—SECRETARY, Midgate Chambers, Peter- borougb. ..

IT WANT to buy eolleaions of old postage stamps. I pay good prices. Cherie° by return.—NOWAßD & Co., Adolphus rd.. Finsbury Perk. London.

AEasy Evening or spare time employment offered to any perron everywhere. Particulars addressed envelope to GODDARD a Co.. 90, Avenue rd., Lewisham.

- - - A DOPTION.—HOMB WANTRD for healthy girl, few CI weeks old ;no prernimm nor payment ; references exchanged —Wmeasw. Orphanage, Arnside, Carnforth.

lAY AVIONING or spare-ttme employment offered anV 1:4 person everywhere.—Partieulsrs, addressed enveloPe to GOD DASD & Co.. 98, Avenue rd., Lewisham' London.

IGHRST prices Riven for high-class cast-off Clothing. Old Artifice! Teeth,and Jewellery ; prompt remittance GRIPFIIIt. 29, [demote rd., Kentish Town, London.

1 00AL SECRETARY Required for progressive "Live IA Stock' and General Insurance Compsny ; salary, corn- misaion, and permanency. must inv.et £5O at 7 per cent. interest. —MANAGER, bildgate Chambers, Peterborough.

fßtrittal

d'AusnLBMA.N, blind 5 years, now see to read anything ; 13 particulars free to all eye sufferers.—LEGGETT, Elm, Wisbech.

ECZEIKA.—dure, rate, effectual cure with herbs. Recipe free with list of hems and remedies. Postcard will do. —IHWAITZEI, herbalist, Stockton-on-Tires.

I.:CZHIidA and all allied Skin Diseases may be cured by LA using Perskino or Perfect Skin Ointment. In boxes, Is. 10.. 28. 9d.—SHUTTLaWoRTH, Chemist. Lincoln.

AriffatlA, Debility, Brain-tag.—Jenner's Capsules posi- tively cure these, inyigorste the body, and clear the complexion. P.O. Is. M.—BANNISTER, Chemist, Biozsrich.

Asa/4MA AI)HitOrWHITI.—A gentleman who has been cured will gladly send particulars to any sufferer enclosing stamped envelo?e.—Mr. Lomr, Victoria rci.,lforlev.

ECZIMA and all chronic blood impurities oared by J. HowenaLL. Herbal Specialist. Seaford st., stoke-on, Trent. Stamped le ter for reply; inquiries solicited.

-- SELF CURE NO FICTION ! MARVBL UPON MAKVISL ! NO SUFFtlittill NNED NOW DESPAIR. but withot running a doctor's bill or felling into the deep ditch of quackery, may safelY, speedily and economically cure himself without the knowledge of is second party. By the iuttoduotion of the Nevr French Remedy TiIIiRS.PION, a complete revolution has been wrought in this department of medical science, whilst thousands have been restored to health and bappinesS who for years previously had been merely dragging out a rniAerable existence. THEISAPION No. 1, in a remarkably short time, o'ten a , a few days only, removes all discharges from the urinary I organs, effectually superseding iojections, the use of .vhich does irreparable harm by lasing the foundation of stricture and other serious diseases. 9111BRA.PloN No. 2. for impurity of the blood, scurvy, 1. pimples, spots, blotches, pains and swellings of the joints, secondary symptoms, gout, rheumatism, and all diseases for which it has been too much a fashion to employ mercury, sarsaparilla &c., Vs the destruction of the sufferer's teeth and ruin of health. 'this preparation puritire tbe whole system through the blood, and thoroughly eliminates all poisonous mutter from the body. riIHERAPION No. 3, for nervous exhaustion dissipation, eFlessness, and exdess, residence in hot unhetltty climates,sle . It possesses surpr,sing power in restoring health and strength to the debilitated. r `HEHAPION may be procured at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. per package, post free any address in the United King- Corn by sendmg Postal Order to Mr. R. JOHNSON, 43,Hoitord Square, London. W.C. If doubtful as to No. of Thu'apion required send stamped addressed envelope tor free pamphler. Purchasers should observe that the word Taraerrose" appears on the Government Stamp (in white letters on a red ground), affixed to every genuine package by order of Hts Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, and with.nit which it Is forgery

BLACKPOOL ; Mrs. ELLWOOD. Grauge Boarding noose, Lord Bt.—Terms 55., no extras ; close to Tal'..ot rd., Station. Sea, Billiard,; satisfaction Tuaranteed.

BTIPS ULL BY HOTEL. ASILWOH.—The Switzerland of England ; facing the Irish Sea ; golf, shooting, fish- ing. Dnatinq ; sea baths attached.—G. J. Munit.

DOUGLA.S.—The Grange, 44. Loch Promeuale ; tea, bed and breakfast, 4s. full board from ss. ; private sittingroom.—Mrs. CHRISTIAN.

PORT ERIN. BRIGHTON BOARDING HOGS H, Promenade, fang asa ; boating, fishing, near to baths ; terms moderate.— Ars. HADEN.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

2;nr:

===== 0002601_19060519_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060519_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 19, 1906.

i!ott10, fpieros, Zoariltne 05tab5.

apartmtnts, gurntobtb YENIIS3r 5, &T.

it/aufSes anti E anti an 'alt.

Vartnersbip,F.,, tuonessts., cu.

BTIRfNer from Business.—Off-Lkence for Elsie, with Email Brewery attaohed.—Apply J. TooTALL, Ashton st.. Damen.

GRNIKRAL BUSIEBSi for SALE through ill-health. Est shed abli 29 yeArs. Price £IBO.—SmALLEr, 219, Westminster rd., Liverpiol.

DRAPERY and HARDWARH EUSINICSS, goodwill and fixtures, cheap, stock valuation ; well situated.-70, TAYLOR ST.. Opensha w, Manchester.

GBNUIN Grocery and Provision Business for Sale, B Balhanu, £3O weekly. Price £I3I—ROBERTSON, 2 The Limes, Devonshire rd., Balham, London.

DUSINRSSES & P4RTNERSHIPB.—(London and Pro- vinees) Profits £260 to £1,550. Prices £5OO to £5OOO. —Bicnmonn, GILBERT & Co., 79, Queen ht., London, B.C.

mANCHISSTER —CONIPHOTIONBRY, TEASOO3I3. well-fitted level bakehouse ; living accommodation ; taking £4OO ; priel £ICO.—K, 35.. Oxford rd., Manchester.

Voultrp, eggs, eta.

—IPOGS FOR SITTING.--Slxteen"varieties from 39. per Li dozen. Lie t free.—LaTemf BROTHERS, 144, White- gate Blackpool.

LIOWL CORN, 7. 6L, 10s. 6d., 12s. 6d. 240155. ; Pig Food, 1' 76. B€l. and Poultry Meal, 89. and 106. per 200156,- 11001 E AND Co.. 15, Goree piazzas, Liverpool. Mention paper.

JOHN WALKER & CO, " EXAMINER " OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON PRINTING OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS,

flßfaellaneous, QPnvalts,

===== 0002601_19060519_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
fa BLAU IFUL col( ured postcards, Isle of Wight, 6d., post free.—Thiuy, Commerce House. Bonehureb.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
KKILL, destroys Rats and Mice instantly, 6d. per packet—B. STONE, Westgato Builaings, Bath.

BISAUTIFITU hheepbkin ugs, lull siza, half price.— Aprly MAGUIRE, 7. Northwoodelde rd., Glasgow.

QBND 3s. 6d. for ss. Oxford Bible ; references ; thumb Inclex.—BlßLlC Hauer, Dalmarnock Bt.. glasgow.

Develop,d, Printed, Enlarged. Best work only.. SNAPSIOT Co., Holmrook, R. 5.0., Cumberland.

T ADY sacrificea 2 'act. gold-cued Orient Diamond Rings, 2a 6d, approval, —G,SLING, 96 Holland rd., London, W

BANGAIN.—Gent's massive Chronograph stop Watch; L.) s orifice 6s. 6d.—FonirrEn, HO, Naniev rd., I ondon, N.

T ADIRS' superior Combinations, pink, natural, or vil ire. _LA 2s. 6,1. P O.—MAKERS AGENCY, 165 A, Briggate, Leeds.

BoRAx ,sALT, tor kt,ling weed., on garden walke. 2e. per cwt.—WARRINGTON BORLTO CO., LTD., Stag Bridge, Warrington.

60/_ BABY6'O3.OIIIITtr.IL; EcEopmzLlEetet.hee ViCaarraieghe, atfil;lestteolnl, Warfedale, -1%1-AKE—YOUR REttIT PURE/LUSE YOUR HOUSB ! 13.1. Booklet post free, from J. H. VICE, Cross-In-Hand, Sussex.

11:1 GLASS AND CHINA ORNAMENTS.—AII different; te. 6d. earrlage paId.—BROOKE3 AND CO., 10, ::kation et., Burton-on-Trert.

A GPNTLRMAN'S DISCOVERY. Baklnc Powder tli. superseded. Sample packet 4d.—Write SWAN. Prenobes rd., Redhill.

DIARO, Bs.—Good second-hand Piano: guaranteed ten years ; tuned free 12 months. —3. R. WOOD, 47, Old London rd.. Stockton Heath.

TUISI 1..wW1.,, 240 Queen's rd., Shetheld. sucCess My Spec" i Wires. One horse, Is. 6d.. week, 6s. 6d. ; two horses 2s. 64-. week. 10s. 6d.

A STOtTNDING offer of Silk Urnbrellas.—Sond 2s. 3d. for A a good silk lady's or gents' to 8, SIDMOUTEI ST., Gray's Inn rd , W.C. (Umbrella Depot.)

TO FARSIRES and Others.—Hood clean HIDE SALT in large or small lots, put on rail or canal.—Apply HENRY WILLIAMS. 56, Leeds at., Liverpool.

QUITS to Measure tss., unequalled style and fit; grand /..7 range patterns free, with self-measurement form.— ALLEN & GODFKRY, St. Benedict's Plain, Norwich.

ABAB Complexion Cream, first Introduction to Europe ; wonderful wrinkle-remover ; trial 2s. ; particulars free —ARAB CREAM Co., 16, Hobart at., Leicester.

NEW TREATMENT PR DRUNEENNESS.—SampIe with particulars free for stemped addressed envelope to CEORGE VINCENT, 171, Fulham rd., London, S.W.

SIMO 6 stamps for pan2phlet entitled i• National hdturt- tion," a Retrospect and a Prospect. By Thomas Hodgkin, D.O.L.—HEADLEY BROS., 14, Bishopegate Without, R 0.

SPLIiNDID WINDOW VOL% only 8$ 6d. worth 126.6 d. Just right for wedding present.—Particufars BREAKELL. ,Klutz st.. Blackburn.

11DAINTO clear,' dirty paint wore Instantly ; no trouble, _IL no mese. Large packet la. post tree.-BTONE & Co., 54, High at., Stourbridge.

FOR cheap Poultry and Bee App flew Record Hive, 9s. 6d. ; usual price. 108 6d. ; catalogue free.— R.awsort A THOMPSON, Yadcaster, Yorks.

UGH GOOD VALUB IN FANCY surnrias. Ladles Costume Cloths, Barges. Worsted and Vleunnas, send to T. HAIGH. George st., Huddersfield, Patterns tree.

A EMY RAZOR bTROE'S. Is. euela ; wider ls. 6d.; magic eha-penere Wier:lotion guarenteed.—AatcPr, L-INGLE, Young's Corner, I Rainmersmith, London, W.

DICTURRS of pe,sons or objects, made tn one minute ; new moues, ; learn the art ; full instructions, one shilling —STARK. Swinbrook, Burford, Oxon.

J3A2 AAR GOODS (Special), Id. and 60. Greatest variety and value in the trade.—nsLMolf &MlLTEtieWilitt, Ltd . Plough Buildings, Glnueester at., Birmingham.

RATM —Poetcazd descriptive origination Picture Postcard JAL autographed, originator.—Mr H. 72. Warm PEKE, Brentwood, Essex. (Ample) 6d. order or +l. stamps.

NITS BANISHIM completely by three applications ot Liyesey's Sunflower Pomade : 4d. tin, post free ; large size. Is —S. T. LIVESEr, Chemist, Preston. Lancashire.

O RALF, Grandfather CLOCK, oak eme, square braes kJ dial, date, in good going order; also COUCH-CHAIR In oak.—Apply 186, NEW ST.. Blaekrod, near Chorley.

If OU CANNOT AFFORD a poor Business Card, but can 1 afford be. 1,000 cash with order for a neat, trade- winning card.—STRANGE, THE PRINTER, LTD., Eastbourne.

- -- GUARADITIIED WINNING SOLUTIONS (skill and miter- ing letter competitions). Bob's Weekly, Is. 6d. each. stamped aedress.Large prizes .- fitartio,l4,Arttyle

5,000 Ai Ptr_Rpeu.-!LB AsßallqvGai'rtßwOoUlgßaSo,uF4t:evf;el:alici partsotate wets t.—HENßT's,l33,Pandringham rd.,London,N.

BIIRKSHIRH and Wiltshire Horses, week's wires 10s. single 2s. ed., letter ls. (Specials for Cbester nrid. Kernpton) —HARRY PORTER. 8. Sanford et.. Swindon. Wilts.'

===== 0002601_19060519_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
apartment% furnisbrb 11°00, &c.

A NSDELL.—Large well-furnlehed PRIVATE APART- NIBNT3, permanent or weekly. Bath. Central, near sea. Good attendance.-67, COMMON/HD/I, Lytham.

BHIGHTON Residences £29-195 ; furnished £2-9, Shops and country houses. Yottroa'a. Auctioneers, Hove.

B LACKPOOL—Comfortable APAJCIIIHNTS, near Central Pier ; cyclists accommodated.—Mrs. BULL, 28, Dale it., sea view.

BLACKPOOL—No. 3. .3t, Mad's-terrace. Promenade.— 1.) Public and Private Apartments.—Mre. HAwoßTff. rropriatrafte. r

I3ACKPOOL.—Mr!. Wimme.4o,Livingetone re„ central; Good APARTMENTS; well recommended; terms moderate ; piano.

BLACKPOOL.—Superfor A.PAECTRICCITS ; private.public, board ss. 6d. day ; week-end Ns. 61.—Mrs. ASHWORTH, Ashleigh. 253. Lytham rd.

BBLACKPOOL. Public and Private APAR TM itS Board. Sea View. PIano.—STANSFIELD GRINDRoD Venn Home, 6. Wellington rd.

PLaCKPOOL—Nre. KAY, 14 Kent rd. Day, night, nook- log and sttendance 12. with person inclusive. Three minutes Central Station. Plano.

BLACKPOOL.-APARTNIHNTS, with or without board; three minutes from Central Station ad Se; bath. piano. Parties catered for.—Mrs. HARRY STABKIR, 5. Palatine rd. (late of 63, Brdingion rd.)

BY LAKE AND MOUNIAIN.—Bright pleasant rooms, near Lake and Station. Beautiful woods and walks. Faclng,Skiddaw. Good board 3s. per day, or APARTMENTS. _p/mgE-R, Oaklea, Hasa.nthwaite Lake. Keswick.

roLw IN BAY.—Superlor APAR IMIZTS.with or without N._) board.—HAZLMEBE, Abergele rd.

C° BAY.—MISS DAVIES, Woodside. Rhiw rd. X.,/ Convenient tor sea. Good cooking. Terms moderate. Healthy situation. Comfortable home. •

t „OUGLAS.—APARTMHNTS, board option d ; close to g shore ; splendid view of sea and pier.—Mrs. JOHNSON, 8, Fort William,

DOUULAS.-7, Stanley terrace, Btoadway.—APAßT- M )STS with or without board ; comfortable, homely ; near chore; piano ; terms modera• iNSCOE.

DOUGLAS. Isle of --Sl;n,—Homely APARTBIRNTS at "'the Annandale" 1 Church rd., Promenade. Board or o'herwise. Reasonable terms.—Alliss ResTalm,Proprletress

KILLABNI9Y, IBBlAND.—Furnished and unfurnished houses to It and sell.—Apply to J. TURNER HUGO ARD, listate Offices, Milltown, Co. Kerry.

T LANDUDIaO. Holidays. APARTHHHTS; very moderate; _LA home comforle ; piano.— Mite. tiIIGHER. The Limes.

I LANDUDNO.—COMFORTABLII APARTMIINTS ; every LA convenience; close to pier.—WEsm END VILLt, Church Walks.

T AIM DISTRICT.—FornIshedNHOUSII ; any portod ; or I A Furniture for rurchme ; continuing rent.-BU, Aincivg fin., Ontesbead.

YTHANIL—FURNIEHED HOUSE TO BE LET, for 14 June, July, August : twO receptlon-rooms, ve be- rooms.—Apply PIGOTT, 18, Park rd.. Lytham.

NlUNDlidLtilt - I,N - NORFOLK. Comfortable APARTMENTS, 5 minutes from Bea ; good cooking.— JEARY, 6 Manor rd.

Air ATLOCK BANK.—Comfort.ble APARTMTIN IS, Moon- -tn. fain View.—Mrs. BAMFoRD (late of Holmes Chapel), Cranage House, Matlock Bank.

31 1L Olitiomdßti (ltaA end) —APAYITIIIINTS. i7;ea and 4 7 mountain view. Cycle accommodation.— Miami SWINE ELLS. 12 Grand Terrace, Promenade.

AI URFA NtISIN. —Comfortable APAttrAINNTS, cheap 1-Ut. for Rummer months In a bracing 'amide resort.- 11113311'13, Mount Pleasant, Mosta Nevin, North Wales.

PORT BILIN.—Bay View House, Promenade.— APART- htENTS with or without board ; near sea ; fishing, boating. &c. ; terms moderate--Mrs. W. WARD.

SUAWROFT. OUMBRRIAND.—Beach House, facing magnificent shore and Golf Links. Board or Private APAIUMBNTS,.—For terms apply Mr. SIMPSON.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

An WILES POP3ON for Killing 'Etats answers kJ well. " After one dreasinir I found 136 dead next morn- g."—J. BLea, Helothorge, Leighton. "I killed 200 rats with Shnford's Poison "—U. COOK, Farmer, Ellesmere-road destroyed 145 rats with it. —C WILSON, Offord.—Send is 2d. sArifORD SOIL Sandy Beds. Sold by Chemists.

lifthictUantaus. On teinties, ett.

iptIOTOGRAPHd IDOPIHD. any ; cabinets 48. doz.— PARR, 18, Herschel' st., Mayfield rd , Leicester.

CRICKRT SHIRTS FRRH for 29. 6d, latest cell net.— COVENTRY SHIRT CO., 7, Marker it,, Coventry.

HANDSOME CROCHET COLLARS, 9lns. deep. Sr. each. —Mrs. SNOWDON, Grove Terrace, Durtaton—on-Tyne.

'INDIAN, fine instrumedt. bow, ease, accessories ; sacrifice I' 15s. ; approval.--HART 16 De npark et., Edinburgh.

JJW to save the rent, and make It buy yout house. Booklet poet free.—J. R. VICE. Cross in Hand, Suites.

ittOUSSeAU (not required), isightdressee, Ohemisee, etc., I 245. ; weekly paymente.—W., 21, Queen Square, leads.

144 13X 10 UardnUA, Lens by Rose, Carriers to i-plate, ,a Portrait Lens, Dishes, ice., two Dark Slides ; wili copy. enlarge, or reduce; very cheap.-8, OLDHAM RD., Opringhead. Lees.

Raiittlturat probutr, 4.lants,

CLHISIATIS, all colours ; 12 sorts 41. 4d.; 9 sorts 3s. ; 3 sorts is., strong. frte.—BROUNT. Crowborough.

~bartg, 3ntrstments, etc

"CDR DISPOSAL, Drapery and Srnallware BUSINBSS. L. rent 93. 9d., cIear.—BEBBINGTON, 99, Taniworth et., Hultne, Manchester.

Dimmium BONDS.—Socall. safe, attractive investment. offering enormous possibilities ; cash or easy instal- ments ' • descriptive pamphlet free.—Ssfira AND Co., Wood- howe Bheffield,

Otatrunotip

,fflarljoitrii, etc.

LINGINES, Boilers Machinery, sold, bought, or on hire.— L'..l WHITE BROB., Machinery Merchanta.Strattord, London.

TOR MS 4 RAS LINGINS by ()roselays, In good X condition £2O or nearest offer.-120,UPYan BROOK ST. C-on-M., Manchester.

fIN SAUL TWO PULL HERR ENOlNE,—with connec- V 1 tins, pipes, and taps complete, in first-class condition. —Apply to B. CLAYTON, 17, Cecil et., Wigan.

'ale bp Station.

3110r5t0.180g5, Etbe *OM gr.

A YEARLING RS BY BULL, dark colour. pedigree; la price £20.-- AppiniascTAlN ADAMS, Pdaesmawr Welebpool.

()N SALE, Chestnut GtttLDING, four years old, 15 hands by Dane Canute; sound, quiet to ride end drive.— WHITNALL, Acregate Farm, Flixton.

ON BALE, ICE CREAM CART, for Pony, ha capital condition; a bargain, £3 158.—App1y W. WILLIAMS. 71, Moss lane, Platt Bridge. near Wigan.

F CR SALR, Chestnut PONY, 13-2. aged 6 years; splendid mtlon; passes all road traffic ; sound and quiet in harness.--apuly NAVIGATION TIOTEL tb.nart I, earb.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

ROCHVB HKRBAL EMBROCATION.

It seems that we are to MR. BIRRELL'S receive from Mr. AUGUSTINS LATEST WORK. 13IRRELL, now that his opportunity has come, some exceedingly practical lessons in statesmanship. His Education Bill is a measure that in the present condition of feeling on the subject can scarcely be mended. It is, no doubt, creating a great storm, and is pretty certain to lead the House of Lords into acts of •extravagance, but this is because of the nature of the problem, and not of any inepiti- tude in Mr. 13fltantes propo-ed solution of it. To most men of Cabinet rank, even in so deter- mined a Government as the present, the piloting of such a Bill through Parliament would seem to be quite sufficient work for the time being, but I experts on the education question discovered on Tuesday that Mr. Binum has another important task in hand. He has produced an "Education , (Consolidation) Bill." We have no hesitation in say- ing that of its kind it is the finest and most useful measure ever introduced to the House of Commons. There is no difficulty in imagining how it has come into being. When he went to the ilw.rd of Education Mr. BIRRELL found that he had at least twenty Acts of Parliament to deal with, and that he could not advance a step without consulting one or other or the whole of them. These various Education Acts have been the standing puzzle of all persons interested in education. They have bewildered even the lawyers. The educationa system of the country was embodied, not in two or three Acts of Parliament, but in twenty, and it was not possible to interpret the system from a single Act, nor was it safe to attempt an interpretation which was not founded on a knowledge of the entire series. Mr. Binanu. evidently found himself entangled in a barbed wire structure when he wont to White- hall, and he at once, as it now appears, set him self to cut his way out. In doing so he has made a path for all other men, not only, that is to say, for his succeasors, but for all those who have any interest of any kind whatever in educational law. The Education (Consolidation) Bill is a splendid achievement. It proposes to put fifteen Acts of Parliament out of existence altogether by a pro- cess as summary as that of hanging. Four other Acts survive in some of their sections. One, the Act of 1902, is preserved, but in a severely lopPed

===== 0002601_19060519_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
Sflongp

ESTABLI•4111,11) OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES. In Some of from £lO to £l,OOO tiIMPLE PEOMISSORY NOM DAIITIRs wishing tor temporary CASB ADVANORS should note the advantages offered, viz.— TEE SIMKACITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO DB SIGNED THE LOW RATh OF INTEREST CHARGBD ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THIS WRITTEN GITARANTETS 07 STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SY,STEM OF BALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A. POR(OD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO Tile BORROW NE. NO BILLS OP HALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTioss ARK NOT PUBLISHED TNANy Niovt3pAPEß OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE S'AIRBOY OBSERVED. APPLICA ETS EROSIVE IMMEDIATE AIIBETIOL3 IIibIISPECTNE OF DISTAN,...E. , In urgent oases a flexPsentative mill cal personallyemon applicants ana complete the transactions altbeir own home or places of business. My fair dealing andeasonable charges are widely known and myreputation st rands unrivalled

•." • •

• •

not to say mutilated condition. And what does Mr. BIELRELL substitute for all this confused lumber of law, this educational top hamper, as it may be called. He substitutes one thorougly plain, straightforward, quite intelligible piece of law- making, the most clear, direct, and businesslike thing of its kind that has ever been designed. Mr. I3ra.nELL is himself a llwyer, but he certainly can- not be described as the friend of lawyers. When his measure becomes law it will probably mean a loss of some hundreds of thousands a year to the legal profession. In place of twenty Acts of Parliament he' gives us what is really a lucid unpre- tentious text-book of education law. Everything is clearly sot out and defined in language concerning which there can be no dispute. Every subject is un- der its own head and is easy of reference. The char- acter of local education authorities and their

powers and duties come first in what may be called the opening chapter. In Part 11. of the Bill all that bears upon elementary education is explained in easily-understood language. Then comes the subject of school attendance, including the duty of the parent, the employment of children, school attendance orders, and what not. In less than seventy foolscap pages the entire law

of the country bearing upon education is made intelligible—if not to the meanest capacity,at least to the average mind—and this, it should be said, is an Educationßill that will be passed without serious trouble or opposition. It is a consolidating Bill, and nothing more. There is nothing of a party character in it. The measure contains nothing that can be complained of by any except those who have been accustomed to make a profit out of con- fusion. Should Mr. BIRRELL'S example be followed in other Departments of the State, there will shortly be more waste paper of the legal variety than can be easily dealt with by the exist- ing refuse destructors, but the statrites of the Itaalm will from henceforth be something that the plain man can understand.

We hope the townspeople PHOTOGRAPHIC ART. of Warrington will not be backward in taking the Opportunity of seeing the splendid photographic exhibition now being held in the local art gallery under the auspices of the 'Warrington Photo- graphic Society. If they are not greatly interested in camera work we would draw their respectful attention to the fact that the exhibition is free. On second thoughts they may recollect having heard that photography is an art with infinite interesting possibilities, and forthwith patronise the show. We do not think they will any of them be disappointed, unless they expect some- thing like a cinematograph, or the snap- shot of the latest execution. The visitor Cannot fail to realise that picture-making is not confined to the knight of palette and brush. Most of the photographs on view look as if they had never been acquainted with anything so mechanical as a camera—such advance has the art of taking photographs made since the ' day when the operator " snapped " the family tabby, and produced painfully true portraits of his relatives symmetrically assembled in the back- yard. The beauties of nature are, nowadays, almost excelled by the photographic expert, and Portraiture is a fine art wonderfully applied. It is a pleasure to see what excellent work is pro duced by local amateur photographers, whose studies hang worthily alongside what are recog bised as the country's masterpieces, and altogether 1 the exhibition is a credit to the Society and the

There were some lively pro- THE Foomut ceedings at the annual CLUB. meeting of the members of the Warrington Football 0' last (Thursday) night, and the retiring officers -atee had to stand the fire of keen, 1-natured criticism. A year ago all just quietness, but then the Club bad of the Noi 'brilliant season with the capture ; t. resolved Cup. Last night's mPeting _ inquiry relative to the series of failures -‘ made the past season the antithesis of the 'I one. The battle largely centred round tt, .lure in the first round of the Cup Competition and the Committee 7, had to admit that in the selection of the team I on this occasion an error of judgment was com- mitted. Little was said on the financial aspect of affairs, it being generally realised that the loss of £230 on the year's working was only moderate considering the poor season from a playing sense end the large decrease in revenue. At one period during the proccedings it looked as if there would be a clean sweep of the old committee, but luckily wiser counsels prevailed and there were only two changes. We have much pleasure in con- gratulating Mr. J. E. Warren on his . unanimous election to the presidency. He has a reputation as an administrator in Northern Union affairs,and we have no doubt that under his guidance the War- ington club will prosper. It is interesting to note that Mr. Warren shares the general pessimism as to the future of the Northern Union, and he boldly outlined the basis on which he hoped and believed a rapprochement with the Rugby Union might eventually be possible.

No doubt it is great fun for young people to indulge in horse play in Sankey-street on Sunday night. The pastime is certainly popular with the "young bloods " of both sexes and it seems rather bard for the law to step in and deprive "our boys "—and girls too—of such exhilarating pleasures. The peaceable and long-suffering citizen is, however, lifting up his voice in complaint—and rightly so. Matters have come to such a pass that the police have felt bound to take vigorous action and the magistrates are fully disposed to back them up. It quite time that a stop was put to the nuisance. Such novel recreations as pulling girls' arms and dresses and trying to trip them up, throwing lighted matches at them and 80 forth laay be harmless enough in a field,but in the public Iltreet they do not tend to the comfort of the more toberly-minded pedestrians. It is probably the tact that most large towns where there is a a.obatic promenade witness equally exciting scenes, but we want Warrington to set an example in deportment. Thoughtless youths had better realize that it is not their special privilege to create pandemonium in our main streets and annoy everyone around them. We are afraid that the girls are quite as much to blame as tho boys arid the hint from the Chief Constable that in fliture offenders of both sexes will be haled before the Justices will perhaps have a restraining effect.

SUNDAY

It is curious how periodic- THE END OF THE ally the fear of catastrophe WORLD. asses the public mind. In some cases,' no doubt, Physical condition produces the melancholy ,ndividual outlook. A cloudy day, a change in the wind, the report of an earthquake, and the l'utnour of war—the prophets of woe distinctly make their harvest when the sun is not shining. 15etween the Second Advent prophets, who have alat been assembled in formidable array at Exeter 1,""tall, and ths weather prophets, our lot is not a "aPpy one. We Eire reminded that by the volcanic ~e'uption of Mont Peltse in 1902 the weather the whole of that year was fear- `llll37 and wonderfully lisarranged. When Mr. Kipling has it, the high gods are balancing ,ileir volt accounts there is no knowing what may "Ppen next ; and if cold shivers seize the earth ' 413 d the air, and we have a summer of mackintosh :either as we had that year, surely our cup of ‘' :trow is full without the arrival of Napoleon and , fresh partition of the Continent of Europe. , r,cliPses and earthquakes have ever afflicted the • "4aginations of the ' sons of men, until, like the

ROWDYISM.

J.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Over 5,000 persons have been cremated since this form of disposing of the dead was introduced into the United Kingdom, says the report of the Cremation Society of England for 1905 We are to have a fancy dress parade in July in aid of the Infirmary extension. Such displays are par- ticularly popular with Warringtonians and the venture will no doubt be a I.l.iii,ge success. The " Tatler " has another good story this week. A fond parent says to his small son: "Wouldn't you like to see your little sister that the stork brought last night?" The young hopeful replies that "he'd rather see the stork"!

* * * , It is a significant fact that a gentleman in Sankey- street has placed a lifebuoy in a prominent position 'on his premises. Can it be that the deep pools in that street render such a precaution necessary for the safeguarding of the public? * * * John Stockton, Warrington's hero, has been granted the Stanhope Medal, the highest award for life-saving, as a sequel to his gallant adventure in Oe sewer fatality on March 6th last year. The Royal Humane Society has decided that Stockton's was the most I daring rescue of the year. He is the first Lancastrian to receive the Stanhope medal since 1873. All honour 'to him! * * * The candidate who advised his audience not to be frightened by the Home Rule red herring, because its bark was worse than its bite, has met his match. A Liverpool paper, discussing in a leading article the question of the city-bred populations, shrewdly observes that " many people are so essentially town- birds that they would be fishes out of water in the country." * * * Deputation work is often one of the most congenial duties which fall to public representatives and there was quite a lively competition at the meeting of the Board of Guardians on Wednesday for the honour of attending a London conference. Mr. George Mather, who was defeated by the Chairman's casting vote, is Iso anxious to accompany the deputation that he I announced his intention of doing so at his own expense. There is solid comfort in the words of Dr. T. C. Chamberlain, Professor of Geology at the University of Chicago. He announces that the world will be habitable for one hundred million years to come. But before settling down to enjoy its 100,000,000 years, humanity should satisfy itself that there is no close relationship between Dr. Chamberlain and another gentleman of the sonic name whose dealings with figures are famous in their way. Perhaps those hundred millions are merely "to illustrate the argu- ment."

* * * There was a record attendance of members of the Warrington F. C. at the annual nieeting in the Co-operative Hall last night, and :102 voting papers were handed in for the election of Committee. Four members of the retiring body were re-elected, viz., Messrs. Bowers, Locker, Hewitt and Davies, while F. Barber (the old County three-quarter) and W. Chalmers replaced T. Barnes and W. Nevins. The officials—. whose capacity is extolled year after year —were again elected without opposition. * * * The "Daily News" passes some strong strictures on Justices Grantham and Lawrance as a sequel to the abortive Yarmouth and Maidstone election petitions, and emphasizes the gravity of the position created. "At the last election," says the Journal, "the most extraordinary campaign of intimidation and bribery was carried on. At the next election , these practices will be increased a hundredfold, for Yarmouth and Maidstone have made it clear that the Corrupt Practices Act is only a scarecrow of which no candidate need stand in fear."

The cruel sentence pronounced by the Education Committee on Mr. Aylward, the Art Master, is down for rescinding at the meeting of the Committee on Monday next. Mr. Aylward is to he left to resign at with hth pi : bhis own convenience between now and July 31st, 9 which s u n arrangement, public andiopinion. . certainly W e wf feel o e elmorn believe, accord 1v hiswishesali pe or o and me in or keeping . e surprisedthat it was ever the intention of the Com- mittee to turn such an old and respected servant away at, practically, a moment's notice. * * * There have been some quaint clerical comments on the Education Bill, but the following from the Parish Magazine of Arlesey (lielts.) will ho difficult to beat. The Vicar writes : Let the Government only add secular educa- tion in the schools, then God help us all ! In two or three generations the Paganism that surrounded King Alfred will surround King Edward ! " Evidently the Vicar has no doubt about King Edward surpassing all his subjects in the matter of longevity !

* * * Even the Education Committee is learning, and my yet obtain the mark " excellent." We note that the School Management Committee has decided to make arrangements with the baths-keeper (subject to the consent of his employers) to give Instruction in swimming to the school children who attend the baths. Some day, we shall have swimming scheduled as one of the subjects for compulsory teaching to elementary scholars, and short of this the Education Committee have done tU, best thing possible. If Mr. Barlow can teach the children in squads —as they are taught gymnastics—well and good. Otherwise, he will require some assistance. In any case the results will be worth the cost. 55*

" But the big Cathedral on the sunny slones above the Mersey gradually begins to shape itself, and, as stood, in the bright sunshine, one fine Easter day, amid its fast foundations, I had curious dreams of the great city and the quiet dead in the deep gulf behind me and already saw, in fancy, rising high above the wilderness of roofs and spires, the great twin towers which will, ere long, pr.xlaim to all who come ,up from the sea in ships the gentle worship of the Prince of Peace ! Meantime men kill each other eyerywhere, with grays premeditation, and, around the very por- tals of our churches, hunger stalks unfed, and every pulpit has become a place to beat the drum ecclesias- tical and make the sweet souls of the children little better than the pawns in a mere party game !" "Dawn."

,

===== 0002601_19060519_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Club _ and cora though nil' actlonod. was pe tertninantded'e Northern trt)l3 i Itself intocinan which have t nm prece3ing 'id the, faili

,

old Mohammedan Suds, they have come to see in science Divine illumination against certain con- tingencies. Undoubtedly that old Irishman was light who said that the way to live this life was to "hope for the best, prepare for the worst, and take what God sends ye."

The discussion which took Ex-OFFicio place last week on the MAGISTRATES. clauses in the Justices of

the Peace Bill relating to the removal of ex-officio members of the magis- terial Bench whose conduct may have rendered that step necessary brought out very clearly the desire in all parts of the House for the mainten- ance of that high stand of public morals which is the proudest boast of English justice. Whatever the differences of opinion as to the provision in the Government Bill for dealing with cases such as must arise even in the best regula- lated communities, the aim was invariably the same. Mr. Rutherford pointed out that the , clause itself was inspired by the desire to avoid in I the future incidents similar to one he mentioned in which a Mayor, whose conduct had been such as to render his continuance on the Bench a public scandal, persisted in discharging the functions of a magistrate. That the Bill will enable the Lord Chancellor to deal with such cases is satisfactory to all parties ; and the assur- ances given by Sir William Robson that the law which applies to the removal of other justices will apply to ex-officio magistrates ought to pacify objectors. The point in which the public mainly will be interested is that the purity of the administration of the Bench in the lower courts will receive an additional security. England has, fortunately, had comparatively little to complain of in this matter,considering the number of magis- trates appointed to sit on the county and borough Benches. The standard of public office is unques- tionably high ; and the confidence which is felt in the administration of justice will be strengthened 'by a reform which happily called forth by a singularly low percentage of cases, provides an additional safeguard which must be welcome.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 19, 1906.

would be an acquisition to the board (hear, hear). • The resolution was agreed to.—Messrs. G. T. Beilby and J. T. Pedro were re-elected directors, and Messrs. C. C. F. Kempsons and Company were re-appointed auditors for the ensuing year. The chairman said that was the last time on which he would preside at their deliberations. His reasons for retiring were purely personal. He had spent ten years in that enterprise, seven of which had been the most strenuous of his business career, but it had been a labour of love (applause). A resolution expressive of thanks for Sir William Mather's services to the company, and regret at his retirement, was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SHOCKING FATALITY AT WIDNES.

Thomas Burns, aged twenty-four years, lodging in St. Michael's-road, Ditton, with a brother-in-law, hi. home being at 67, Anderson-street, Liverpool, met his death while following his employment as a labourer at Messrs. T. Davies's works, Ditton-road, Widnes, shortly after two on Tuesday afternoon. He fell from a ladder only a short distance from the ground, but received such severe injuries to his neck that he died soon afterwards. The body was conveyed to the hospital.

FATAL FLANNELETTE. William Woods, aged two, son of Charles Woods, engine driver, 5, Reay-street, Halton View, Widnes, died in the Accident Hospital at 7.40 on Saturday even- ing. About five o'clock on Saturday his mother put him to bed whilst her husband and herself went to Liverpool. They returned at 8.40. Alice, a twelve- year-old daughter,and a girl named Burgess were left in charge, and at 6.30 deceased walked downstairs. He was put back to bed, and went to sleep. Shortly afterwards Alice heard screams, and upon going to the bedroom she found his flannelette nightdress in flames. She pulled the gown from him, and burnt her hands in doing so, and afterwards went for assistance. Several neigh- bours applied oil to the boy's severe burns. Dr. Brobner was sent for, and ordered prompt removal to the hospital, where the boy died as stated. It is supposed that the poor little fellow got out of the bed, and was playing with matches, one of which became ignited, and set the fatal flannelette on fire.

ALLEGED FALSE PRETENCES AT WIDNES. A well-dressed young man, named Walter Jamesl Yandell, of 83, Jubilee Drive, Liverpool, was brought up at Widnes Police Court last Thursday, on a warrant eharged with having obtained £1 by false pretences from Samuel Hatton, of Witt-road.—Prosecutor stated that on the Thursday before Easter, he had an interview with the prisoner, who asked him to takeover an agency for the Falwell Cycle Company, and he agreed to do so. The prisoner said he was a bit hard up, and he gave him 10s. The prisoner promised to send him on two cycles , from Liv)rpool. He came again to see witness on the Saturday, and said he had sent the cycles from Liver- pool to Widnes Station. He also said he had forwarded ' £2 to the company on witness' behalf, and asked him to pay him that amount. Witness said he could only give him £l, and did so. He had not yet received the cycle.— The Superintendent said prisoner had only been arrested in the preceding night and accordingly applied for is remand.—Prisoner, who denied guilt, objected to a remand.—lt was, he said, entirely a matter between prosecutor and himself, and Hatton could give his evidence and he would give his, after which the Bench could deal with the matter.—Detective-sergeant Davidson said he apprehended prisoner at his residence at 6.30 p.m. on the previous day. When the warrant was read over to him prisoner admitted that he had received a sovereign from Hatton, but denied that he had obtained it by false pretences. When searched, prisoner was found in possession of a letter from the Rudge-Whitworth Cycle .Co.—The Superin- tendent said he wanted time to make inquiries regarding that letter.—Replying to the Mayo!, the. officer said prisoner had been living at Jubilee-drive for three weeks. He was a single man.—Prisoner was remanded for a week, bail being allowed in his own reiognisances of £5 and another surety of £lO or two of £5. RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there were present : Mr. A. R. Norman (presiding), Admiral Jones-Parry, Messrs. S. Woodward, J. Spruce, H. Eyes, T. Wood, J. Hallows, T. Wright, T. Baxter, G. Egerton- Warburton,C. E. Linaker,C. E. Linaker,jun., J. Whitley, T. Guest, R. Billington, W. M. Morris, J. Douglas, P. Mounfield, J. Smith, T. Antwiss;J. H. Davies,G. Pilling, J. Fryar, E. Bretherton, W. Turner, H. M. Davies, W. Harrison, S. Horton, J. Wnitlow, G. F. A;-hton (clink), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), J. Cunr-th (workhouse master), and Pearson and Cook (relieving officers). COMPLAINT FROM MR. WOODWARD. Mr. Woodward said he had received a complaint with regard to Mr. Pearson. A man in his (Mr. Woodward's) parish recently made an application for an order exempt- mg his child from vaccination, and produced a medical certificate to show that the child was not in a fit state of health to be vaccidated. The application was refused. Since then Mr. Pearson had visited the place, and in the meantime the man had been advised by the magistrates to take certain steps. Mr. Pearson when informed of this said the magistrates did not know any- thing about the law, and threatened to send Dr. Burton to see the child if it was not vaccinated. He thought that in making that threat Mr. Pearson had exceeded his duty. Mr. Pearson admitted in substance the accuracy of Mr. Woodward's lstatement. The child should have been vacinated three months ago but he knew that it was not fit to be vaccinated. He asked several times to be shown the medical certificate and being refused said he should send Dr. Burton to examine the child. It , was necessary that he should see a medical certificate Iso that he could place on record the reason for the child not being vaccinated. The Board thought that under the circumstances Mr. Pearson had not exceeded his duty and also that Mr. Woodward had been misinformed by the man who made the complaint. FINANCIAL. Mr. Woodward reported payments in out relief to Mr. Cook, £7O ; Mr. de Prez £26 ; and Mr. Pearson £25. Mr. Spruce reported that for the year ending March 31st there had been a decrease by 186 in the number of vagrants relieved as compared with 1905. The total number relieved was 2375.

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural District Council was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there were present :—Mr. Pilling (presiding), Admiral Jones-Parry, Messrs. S. Woodward, J. Spruce, H. Eyes, J. Hallows, T. Wright, T. Baxter, G. Egerton-Warbur- ton, C. E. Linaker, C. E. Linaker, jun. , J. Whitley, T. Guest, R. Biilington, P. Mounfield, J. Smith, T. Antwis, J. H. Davies, G. Pilling, J. Fryer, E. Bretherton, W. Turner, H. M. Davies, W. Harrison, S. Horton, J. Whitlow, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant , clerk), W. Diggle and J. Swinton (surveyors), J. Farrington (inspector) and Dr. Adams (medical officer). STOCKTON HEATH TREES. The Council were asked to confirm the minutes of a previous meeting granting the application of the Stockton Heath Parish Council to take over the trees in the village planted by the Tree Planting Committee. Mr. Linaker thought the Parish Council should also take over the responsibility of removing certain trees when called upon by the District Council. The High- ways Committee had not yet presented their report upon the trees but he understood that some were objected to. The clerk said that in his letter to the Parish Council he said: 'Of course if the District Council in the future require the removal ot any tree or trees their position will not be affected by the resolution." Mr. Linaker : That is perfectly satisfactory.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

DRUNKENNESS AT NEWTON.

On Monday at the Newton Police Court, before Mr. F. J. Wood, John Murray, of Hand-and-Banner-yard, Newton-le-willows, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly on Saturday afternoon and on the evid- ence of Sergeant Bancks was fined ss. and costs. A MAN'S LEG CUT OFF.

A sad accident happened on Thursday last at the L. & N.-W. Goods Station, Earlestown. It appears two men were unloading bricks from wagons Ina siding for Mr. Lucas (contractor, of Prescot, for the erection of the new Wesleyan minister's house in Crow-lane East), when shunting operations were in progress. The wagons from which the bricks were being taken were suddenly shunted and Charles Critchley,of Prescot, who was in one wagon, was thrown over and fell between the buffers on to the line, where he was run over and his leg cut of. He was removed in the ambulance to Warrington. THE ST. HELENS CARNEGIE LIBRARIES.

At the meeting of the St.H elens Libraries Committee on Wednesday, the borough treasurer, Mr. Brown in submitting the estimate, said that, notwithstanding that the committee had two splendid new libraries to manage in addition to the three previously in existence, 'Ulu estimate of expenditure was the same as last year. It was estimated that £1,170 would be required for the Central Library, £2OO for Sutton, £lBO 'fbatto Heath, £l6O Parr, and £2OO Eccleston. From this total of £1,910 they estimated an income of £BO, leaving 21,560 to be raised by rates. Mr. Brown pointed out that after the cost of building the two new libraries was com- pletely made up, there would be about £lOO, which the committee would have to pay over and above the £6,000 given by Mr. Carnegie. The estimate was approved, ELEMENTARY COMMITTEE'S NOVEL SUGGESTION. Councillor Foote, chairman of the St, Helens School Atte.ndance Committee, on Wednesday reported to the committee that at thelmeeting of the Elementary School Committee earlier in the day it had been suggested that a nurse should be appointed to inspect children who were reported ill and unable to attend school, and that on her report the medical officer should be empowered ; to give a certificate instead of the parents having to go ; to their family doctor and pay for a certificate.—Mr. J. ! Phythian hailed this sugg,sstion with great satisfaction and said he had long regarded it as a great hardship on poor people that they should have to pay for certifi- cates, even when the child was only slightly ill. If the nurse was detailed to do this it would be one of the best things they had done.—The matter was left for the development of the idea by the Elementary Committee. , MISCONDUCT ON A TRAMCAR AT HAYDOCK. At Newton Petty Sessions last Thursday John Woodacre was summoned for disorderly conduct at Haydock, and assaulting Richard Wilde, tramcar , conductor, on April 2ith.—Wilde said the defendant I got on the car to ride only a few yards, and he advised him to walk as it would cost him a penny. He swore at him in reply and said he didn't care if it cost 2d., but after witness had punched his ticket he refused to pay. Wilde would not let him leave the car without paying, and a passenger who went to his help was seriously hurt by the defendant.—John Fletcher, the passenger named, said defendant knocked the conductor off the car. He (witness) helped to get defendant down on the ground, and when he got up again he kicked witness on the wrist so that he could not follaw his employment for two days —Defendant had nothing to say except that he was drunk at the time.—Fined 10s. and costs.

ALLEGED WOUNDING AT ST. HELENS. CHARGE AGAINST A WIFE.

Margaret Marsh, of 15, Barton-street, was at St Helens, on Monday charged with unlawfully wounding her husband. Henry Marsh on Saturday night.—Chief Inspector Goodall asked for a remand until next week on account of the man's condition.—Marsh said that he had been married to the prisoner about two years. They had both been married hefore. Mrs. Marsh had three children and the man had one boy, over whom frequent quarrels arose. About half past eleven o'clock on Saturday night, after a prolonged squabble, it was alleged that Mrs. Marsh picked a knife off the table and struck her husband ia the cheek, inflicting a wound three-quarters of an inch long. Police-constable Spencer took the couple to the Town Hall, where Mrs. Marsh was locked up. Marsh was attended by Dr: Reid, who said that owing to the filthy state the knife was in at the time he could not say how the case would go. The man's face was already much swollen.—Mrs. Marsh alleged great brutality on the part of her husband, who, she said, indulged in a prize-fight almost every week-end. The trouble did not %rise about his little boy.—The bench granted the woman bail. STREET BETTING AT BARLESTOWN.

At Newton Petty Sessions on Thursday,before Messrs. T. J. Gillespie (chairman), R. Stone, and F. J. Wood. Frank Dale, who did not appear, was summoned for street betting on three separate dates in Sankey-street, Earlestown.—P.S. Barrow was watching with other police officers, and saw. on Tuesday, April 24, six men and boys give slips of paper and money to Dale ; on Thursday, 26th, one man handed him a large number of slips with money, and Dale afterwards paid money out; on Wednesday, May 2nd, I the same thing occurred at several different times.— Fined £5 and costs in each of the three cases, defendant having been frequently summoned before.—Peter Singleton was summoned for similar offences in Viaduct- street on the 24th and 26th April. P.S. Barrow proved the case.—This defendant had not been convicted before and the Bench let him off with a fine of £2 and costs in each case.—James Foden was summoned for similar offences on May 3rd and 4th i in Wargrave Old-road.— Mr. Steel, defending, said there were two summonses, but there was a mistake in the date as to the second, and the Superintendent would withdraw that, defendant pleading guilty to the first charce.— P.C.'s Rimmer and Knott were watching near the Sun- beam Inn, and saw men go to the defendant at three different times of the day.—This being his first convic- tion, Foden was fined £2 and costs,—James Holmes, summoned for aiding and %betting Foden on May 3rd and 4th, was also defended by Mr. Steel.—P.C.'s Rimmer and Knott saw Holmes cross the road near the Sunbeam and give Foden slips and money.—Mr. Steel : How far were you away ?—P.C. Famine : About GO yards.—With a wall between you ?—Not exactly between us, and it is only 30 or 36 inches high.—He only went up to him once?—Only once on the 3rd.—The Superintendent: You.could see quite clearly ?—Yes. —Mr. Steel said in face of the evidence he should advise his client to plead guilty. He was a working man—not a bookmaker ; and he hoped it would be a warning to him not to do this again.—Fined £2 and costs.

NOREEN' WATER SIFPLY. The Clerk reported that the Local Government Board had written requesting to be informed of the result of the Council's consideration of their letter of March 9th respecting the question of water supply to 'Norley. Mr. Woodward said the committee which had been appointed to consider the question recommended the Council to approve the scheme for the supply of Norley from the Vyrnwy mains, but that for the present the Council do not go further with the work' than was contained in the smaller scheme submitted to and rejected by the residents of Norley. They recommended I also that a meeting of the committee and the Parish 1 Council he also held to see it a scheme could not be I agreed upon. He moved the adoption of the report, , Mr. Linaker seconded. The position which had arisen had entirely been created by the Norley people, \ MEMORIAL TABLET UNVEILED AT ST. and they were now forced by the Local Government Board to carry out a scheme. HELENS. The report was approved. A large congregation assembled on Sunday morning CASTNER-KELLNER ALKALI COMPANY. iat St. Nicholas's Parish Church, Sutton. St. Helens, THE NEW WORKS. ' when the vicar, the Rev. F. S. C. Crane, unveiled a , . The tenth ordinary general meeting of the shareholders I memoilal tablet which has been placed on the south of the Castner-Kelluer Alkali Company was held in wall of the chancel in memory of the late Mr. William ' and Mrs. Pilkington, of Roby Hall. The tablet bears London on Monday, Sir William Mather presiding over the inscription :—" To the glory of God and in grateful a large attendance.—The Chairman, in moving the. memory of William Pilkington, ;LP., D.L., lord of this adoption of the report, said the directors were very, manor, a generous and devoted Churchman, and of glad to be able to meet the shareholders witla such an Elizabeth, his wife, this tablet is erected by the encouraging statement. The year had shown consider- parishioners of Sutton." A large number of the able progress in their enterprise, and had placed their members of the faintly were present, including Colonel business on an even stronger foundation than that on W. W. Pilkington, Colonel and Mrs. R. Pilkington, and which it had stood for ten years. (Hear, hear.) They Colonel W. Lee Pilkington. The vicar, in his sermon, bad secured premises at Wallsend-on-Tyne, and they referred to the many benefactions of the deceased were enlarging very much their facilities for a portion gentleman and his wife, and said that the tablet had of their manufacture. They had acquired power on the Tyne at advantageous terms, and they' had determined been erected largely by the coppers of the people of the parish, to remove a department from Rnncorn and establish it who always regarded Mr. and Mrs. Pilkingtonas • .dear friends and sympathetic helpers. Mr. Pilkington on the Tyne. They were looking to the future to was a man of great simplicity in lifeand religion. Some develop certain processes in another direction, and the Runcorn power would be absorbed more in that way nise many kindnesses i than in creating more of the output which they had n a public manner, he refused to five years before his death. when they desired to recog-. been accustomed to in the alkali trade. In conclusion, in his attendance at divine service, and in that way set he said they could regard their interests in the company accept a testimonial. He was always regular and devout an example of parental responsibility which might with as being sound and well looked after. (Applause.)— advantage be followed by all parents and Church people. Mr. G. T. Beilby seconded.—The Chairman,in reply t ''' 0 . COLLIER'S DISCOVERY. a shareholder, said the amalgamation with the , Aluminium Company was perfectly justified by results.. Thomas Challoner, collier, of Wolf's-row, Parr-street, It enabled them to carry over a very disastrous time St. Helens, made a somewhat gruesome discovery last with regard to alkali products and to maintain a. Friday. He was going along a private road leading dividend for their ordinary shareholders. He antici- . from Newton-road, when he noticed something near a pated that their enterprise would be successful in the hedge, and, inviistigating, found the body of a f oily- future. (Applause.)—Answering another question with : developed male child. He notified the police, and regard to the amount written off for depreciation, the l the body was removed to the mortuary, where Dr. Chairman said be did not want to give any information i Masson made a post-mortem examination, and at the about the business if he could avoid it, as there were ' inquest on Monday night stated that the child had had many people anxious to pick up anything they could I no separate existence.—The jury returned a verdict of about the business, and be therefore thought the share- I " Stillborn.". -'— holders should judge the directors by their results rather than by anything they might say. (Laughter.)— The accounts were then adopted unanimously.—The Chairman in moving there-election of Mr. G. W. Balfour as director of the company, said that according to the new code of morals which had been established in political affairs a Cabinet minister should not belong to a public company. Mr. Balfour, recognising this, ' Immediately retired when he became a member of the last Government: They were very glad to receive Mr. Balfour back again. He now had greater freedom and. less responsibility, and being closely allied to the Castner-Kellner business he (the chairman) thought he ,

CORNS CURED IN SIX HOURS. By Heath's Magnet Corn Cure. FAILURES NEVER 00EUR NO PRIN. Air for HEATH'S MAGNEL• CORN CURE, an invention that has never failed in a single instance ; a triumph in painless and rapid corn caring. Price, 7.d.; double quantity is. Sold by all chemists, or post free from HEATH, BROTHERS, Wholesale Druggist, 3, Elackfriars-street, ivanchester.

CRISP AND CREAMY.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
ST HELENS.

WARRINGTON

Index to Inside Pages. PAGE. 2. Board of Guardians. "A Son of Empire." Women's Chat. 3. Education Bill : Lord Hugh Cecil's Visit. Warrington Man's Suicide. " The Romance of Paper-making."

Science Notes. 6. Police News. Woman's Realm. Children's Corner. District News. 7. Cycling Gossip. Cricket and Bowling. - PIIRLIC BENEFIT, 'UNDER. THE CLOCK. FOR BEST

LANCA-S-AlRE.—Advt. • Notice. The Warrington " Examiner" is now published on Friday afternoon, Flee one penny, and is on sale at the various newsagents at about, 4 o'clock. Should any difficulty be experienced in getting the paper the proprietors will undertake to deliver a copy at any address in Warrington by 5 o'clock on Friday after- noon without extra charge. Address all cominunica, tions to" Examiner Office," Bewsey-street Warrington Coming Events. A sale of work in connection with Cairo-street U ni- tarian Chapel will be held on Thursday and will be opened by Mr. .G. H. Leigh, Swinton. Numerous attractions will be provided. LAWN TENNIS, CROQUET, and other outdoor sports.—J. S. GARLAND, 51,Bridge-st.—Advt. The Rev. John Yonge. Rev. John Yonge was on Tuesday elected chairman I for 100 Z of the Cheshunt Union. Mr. Yonge,who is one I of the oldest ex-Cheshunt students living,left the college Iforty-four years ago. He completes thirty sears in the pastorate of Wycliffe Church, Warrington, this I autumn.

- . Works Competition and Charities. The Hon Treasurers of the Workingmen's Com- mittees of the Infirmary, and Nursing Association, beg respectively to acknowledge, with thanks, the sums of £2,1 and £lO 10, received from the Warrington Rugby Football Club, as donations from the Works Competition.

Proposed New School for Penketh. • The Lancashire County Council announce their intention of erecting a new public elementary school at Penketh. The building will be made to accom- modate -WO scholars and will be available to children, from Bold, Cuerdley, Sankey and Penketh. Any, objections to the proposal must be laid before the Board of Education within three months.

UNDER VIE CLOCK for Good Boars.—Adot. Religious Agreement. On Thursday the Liverpool Christian Conference which consists of representatives of various religious tridies considered the question of " A basis of agree- ment in matters of religion." Papers wer ) read by the Rev. H. Lefroy Yorke, M.A., B.D. (Wesleyan) and the Rev. M. Linton Smith, MA. (Church of England). In the course of the discussion which followed, the Rev. E.C.E. Carleton M.A. (Warrington), said the Education Bill was likely to cause deeper cleavage amongst Christians than had been knotvia for centuries. BABY CARRIAGES. Latest patterns.-4. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Old Lady's Fatal Fall. An inquest was held on Tuesday afternoon by ' Coroner Brighouse on the body of Mary Worrell, a spinster, aged 79 years, who, for the last two months, bad been living with Mrs.. Braban, at 6, Poacher's- lane. Miss Worrall formerly lived alone at 48, Thelwall-lane, where she met with an accident on Sunday, February 18th. It appears that she was walking across the kitchen to get an apron out of the cupboard, when she fell. Dr. Braide was called in and found that she had fractured her arm. She went to live with • Mrs. Braban, and flied, at her house on Sunday morning. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. SIN-GUINEA CYCLES. Excellent value. Call and I inspect.--J. S. GARLAND,SI to 55, Bridge-st.—Advt. Warrington P.S.A. Society. There was a good attendance A art open meeting of the Warrington Society which was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall,Sankev-street on Sunday. Councillor Ball who presided, stated that life could only be noble and true if governed by the principles laid down by Jesus Christ. Men would fight, and even persecute others in order to maintain some creed or dogma, but it they wished to uplift and ble;ft their fellow men creed and dogma must go, and Jesus Christ must be exalted. If they were only governed by the teachings of Jesus Christ the education problem would very soon be solved. Mr. F. Lake Good delivered an interesting address. Messrs. Okell and Clare, of Runcorn, rendered two solos and a duet in a very creditable manner. Mr. .Albert Trow was the accompanist. Mr. P. Dendv read the Scripture leisson. Mr. R. Nelson and Mi.. E. Wynne Jones also took part in the meeting.

CRAWFORD'S CREAM • CRACKERS.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
The Bolton School.

The Sites and Buildings Committee of the Educa- tion Committee have made arrangements with Messrs. J. E. Wright, Garnett and Wright—" to obtain a tender for the erection of the Bolton 'Council school at a cost of not more than £lO 10s. per head in accordance with the decision of the Committee at their last meeting, assuming that " a reasonable margin" to that amount will be allowed." The Com- mittee is now inquiring what is meant by a "reason- able margin."

- LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. Motor 'Bus Scheme.

On Tuesday- -evening the Mersey Electric Railway Bill was brought up in the House of Commons for second reading. One clause would enable the Com- pany. to run motor buses in competition with the municipality of Birkenhead The Bill was referred:to committee with an instruction that this clause should be deleted. The question is one which effects munici- pal ties very seriously and at the request of the War- rington Corporation Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., voted against the Bill in its original form. STILL LEADING, the "HERALD" KITCHEN RANGES and " PEvEnn. " FIRE GRA.TEs Sole Agent. -4. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-st., Warrington.—Advt. Personal. We regret to state that there is po improvement in the condition of Dr. Kisby who is seriously ill at his residence in Palmyra Square. Alderman Timuon and the Deputy Town Clerk (Mr. A. T. Rollaway) represented the Warrington Distress Codnuittee at a meeting held in London on Thursday with reference to the unsatisfactory working of the Unemployed Act. The meeting was convened by the Association of Municipal Corporations. Amongst those present at the annual dinner in con- nection with the Association of Municipal Corpora- tions on Wednesday were the Mayor of Warrington (Alderman Bolton), Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., Alder- man Tinnion, and the Deputy Town Clerk (Mr. A. T. Hallway.) PREMIER CYCLES, 7,8, 10, 12 and 14 guineas Cash or 18 monthly payments. Sole agent, J. S. GARLAND, 51, 53 and 55, Bridge-st.—Advt. New Warrington Works. The work of erection in connection with Messrs. Richmond's new works at Latchford will commence shortly. The plans for the new premises, prepared by Messrz. William and Segar Owen, were approved at the meeting of the Runcorn Rural District Council on Tuesday. At the same meeting plans were also pissed for Messrs. Crosfield's new cement works on the Walton side of the river at Bank Quay and these, it is expected, will also shortly be in course of con- struction.

LAwx MOWERS, Garden Tools, Sus. Splendid selection.---. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-st.—Advt.' Warrington Man's Bravery Rewarded. At the annual meeting of the loyal Humane Society in London on Tuesday the Stanhope Gold Medal for the most daring rescue of the past year was awarded to John Stockton, a baker's carter, of )Warrington for bravery which he displayed in connection with the gassing fatality at Howley early last year. It will be remembered that while engaged cleaning a sewer on I March 6th a workman was overcome by foul gas and became unconscious. 1 Two fellow-men went to his help, and were also struck down by the gas. Stockton volunteered to try to save them, and although he I knew nothing of sewer work he descended the manhole. IHe was at first driven back. A second attempt was more successful, and he brought up one man alive. A third and fourth time he went down, and brought lip the other two, but one of them was dead.—The Stanhope Veda' is the highest and most prized award given for', life-saving. This is the first occasion since its institution in 1873 that it has gone to Lancashire. .

J, R. Woon Piano Dealer and Tuner, 47, Old London-road., Stockton Heath.—Advt. Music in the Park. Mr. T. J. Down's military band will play the follow- ing selection of music (weather permitting), on Thursday evening next, commencing at 7.15, con- ductor, Mr. Arthur Down. Programme : Corom.tion march, "Le Prophete," Meyerbeer ; yalse," Estudian- tina," Waldteufel ; overture, " Zampa," Herold ; cornet solo, "The Children's Home" (solo cornet, Mr. H. J. Buckard), Cowen ; fantasia,"" Maritana," Wallace 113ntin, " Lux Benigna " (arranged for military band by T. J. Down), Dykes ' • descriptive, "Trot de Cavalerie," Rubinstein ; "God save the King." To-morrow (Sunday), .by the kind permission of Lieutenant-Colonel Edels ten and Officers commanding, the Volunteer Band will play the following programme in the park at 3.15 pm. —March. " Veni, Vidi, Vici," Hawkins; overture, "Latona," L. Ham; selection, " Souvenir de Meyerbeer," Swift; duet, "Excelsior," , Balfe ; soloists, Messrs. Rutter and Finch; selection, "The bouquet," Bidgood ; march, "OHMS," Home; "God save the King " ; bandmaster, J. I'. Richardson. PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CIACIC FOR BBST r BOOTS IN LANCASHIR,B.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON PHOTOGRAPHIC SOCIETY. Another Successful Exhibition.

The walls of the Municipal Art Gallery are this week hung with numerous choice specimens of the photo- graphic art collected for the Warrington Photographic Society's third open exhibition. Warrington has many enthusiaAic devotees of the -o:unera and the enterprise of those who take an interest in arranging these shows which have become so popular is to be commended. Not • only are the towns- people afforded the opportunity Which is I much appreciated of seeing a 'fine display of pictures of great variety, but local amateurs are able to compare their wotk with that of leading photo- graphers from other places and a worthy spirit of emulation is fostered. This year's show, which opened on Thursday afternoon and will continue until next Friday evening, is in every ,respect a credit ti the promoters. The members of the society are well to the fore with pictures of high merit and there has also been a gratifying response from outside exhibi- tr. The entries number nearly 500—an advance on last year—and we are pleased to note a great improve- ment in the method of hanging the pictures which are conveniently placed in consecutive order. Testimony to the high standard of the exhibition is forthcoming from the judges (Mr. A. Horsley Hinton and Dr. C. Thurston Holland, F.R.P.5.,) who have had a wide experience, and state that the show compares very favourably with anything they have seen. They also praise the manner in which the hanging arrange- ments have been carried out. The prizes consist .of tastefully-designed plaques and certiScates, for which competition has been keen. The work of some of the best- known photographers in the country is on view, many of the specimens having come from the Northern Exhibition at Manchester. THE EXHIBITS.

The antiquities room which leads to the art gallery is being used for the admirable loan collections placed at the disposal of the Society. The visitors' attention is first attracted on entering by hair a dozen pictures by Mr. Alvin Langdon Coburn,oue of America's foremost ' photographers, representative of his work in different branches of the art. A portrait of Mr. Horsley Hinton is particularly striking.. It is soft in outline, yet contrasts strongly with the dark hack ground and altogether is full of character. Mr. Coburn personally attended to the banging of his works and expressed his. pleasure at the general character of the exhibition. Then there are ten splendid pictures by Mr. Horsley Hinton, editor of" The amateur photo- grapher, "affording a capital idea of the features which he has so successfully specialised. Dr. C. Thurstan Holland, F.R.P.S., one of the leading photographers of tbe north, shows two fine glacier and snowscspe studies. and a very impressive view of an Alpine valley whose depths are in snaclow and whose heights are in the clouds. Passing to the art gallery.the member!' section is found to be a strong one.and will be of particular interest to local visitors. Mr.W.llPodinore carries off a plaque with . "The Water Carriers "—a study warm brown. Two country maidens are depicted getting water from the village spring in a picturesque nook. The figures are very naturally posed and contrast effectively with the surrounding rocks and shrubbery. Mr. •Kenneth F. Bishop's simple yet picturesque sandhill view " On the beach "—which won the Society's competition for members—likewise obtains a plaque. The same exhibitor' is certificated for a fine study " Tn pinewood," the tall tree trunks and the ever present gloom being admirably portrayed. Mr. Henry Bond is awarded a certificate for" Returning to the fold "—a pleasant summer evening view showing a flock of sheep returning fold-wards along a shady road by the lake-side. Mr. J. W. Mills is also successful with a striking pic- ture—" Surf "—in which the silvery moonlight stream- ing over the breaking surf produces a charming effect. Mr. A. C. Smithson's "In our alley,"which is certificated in this class and carries off a plaque in the members' section of those who hit've never previously taken an

award is a very creditable piece of work giving one a glimpse through a dark cobbled alley with high lights in the distance. The other plaque in this class goes to Mr. F. Garside who takes his first award with • A Roman match seller "—depicting h ragged old man sitting beneath au antique carved buttress. A print somewhat fuller in tone would, we think, have improved the effect. To deal with the winners of certificates, Mrs. A. C. Smithson shows a portrait of the oldest member of the Society (Mr. James Harding), the likeness being excel- lent and the toning and treatment very tasteful. Mr. J. B. Tolley is to the fore with a rugged, strongly-lit male head and Mr. J. Mawdsley shows a vievr bf "Hills above Nelson," the outline of the shoulder of the hill being broken by silver birches standing out against the sky. There is a good display of lantern slides. Plaques are awarded to Mr. R. F. Bishop who exhibits a splendid miscellaneous set and to Mr. F. Garside for his fine views of street scenes in Rome. The winners of certificates are Mr. F. V. L. Matthias and Mr. W. H. Podmore (miscellaneous collections.) The open classes are very representative and will repay careful attention. Five plaques are awarded. A well-known worker, Mr.DanlDunlop,has a study entitled" A fair Nor- wegian," a simply draped figure softly reproduced in a pleasing light brown tint. The satins exhibitor is also suc- cessful with a fine reproduction of Japanese anemones. "The river Medlock--an impression" by Mr. J. Dudley Johnson has attracted considerable attention. The photo- graph is taken from beneath a sombre archway and depicts the stream wending its way between towering warehouse walls. St. Sebastien "by Mr. S. Tries is a peculiar landscape effect something after the style of Maurice Griffenhagen, the black and white artist. " Winter " by Harold A. Blades is full of artistic merit and repre- sents a scene admirably suggestive of its title. The pictures carrying off the certificates are also very meritorious productions. Mr. Charles J. Harrison has a splendidly illuminated and crisp view of " Tho font, Tideswell. ' "Flying gannets" by Ur. William Farren is a fine snap-shot of the familiar sea bird sailing through the air on black-tipped, outstretched wings. Mr. Robert Burnie exhibits an attractive study of" White currants" with tthe berries almost trans- parently delicate. fa the pictorial photograph class for exhibitors who have never taken an award at an open show, two plaques were awarded. Mr. James Seddon is successful with "An idyll," dispicting a quiet stretch of river with the water receding from prosaic mud banks beautified by the reflection of subdued 'sunlight. Mr. Henry Holt is the other winner with a small hut meritorious head study "An old Volendam salt," With regard to the certificate awards, there is a beatitiful view of a sunlit corner in York Minster by the Rev. E. Charnock Smith, while " Sunlight to shadow" is a very clean, sharp print of a woodland glade by Mr. Wm. R. Irwin. "Cleaning nets" a typical seaside scene by Mr. S. Trias is an excellent print in a very poor frame. The lantern slide section is very well filled and plaques are awarded to W. E. Dean (scientific and archi- tectural sets), Robert Burnie (miscellaneous), and Alfred G. Thistleton (miscellaneous and architectural), and certificates to Graystone Bird (miscellaneous), W. H. Goy (flower studies), Dr. G. 11. Rodman and W. H. Tomkinson (miscellaneous). There is a great profu- sion of pictorial postcards and some particularly strik- ing examples of this branch of photography are shown. The successful competitors are :—E. Seymour (plaque) Rev. E. T. Clarke, William Baldwin, and J. R. Richardson (certificates). Thete are, of course, many pictures which did not catch the eye of the judges but which will probably appeal directly to the casual observer. Mrs. A. C. Sinithson's picture " Daddy" is an exceptionally creditable and well rendered composition. Mr. Henry Bond has a photograph of Harlech Castle standing out boldly from its commanding height, and Mr. D. S. Birrell's "On the lea" shows a full rigged barque sailing strikingly into the picture with the light,behind. "In the market place, Biskra," by the Bev. John Oldluim, is a pleasing study of white clad Arab youngsters gossiping ih the bright sunshine. Mr. Mr. E. G. Hackford has several very striking works. " Sunrise at Boston "is a fine " fazzYgraph" in gum which has attracted much attention. In another study Mr.Hackford portrays"Cupid"—less rotund than usual— busy sharpening his arraw. Perhaps the most noticeable portrait study is Mr. Hackford's Nearing the end," which shows a wonderfully seamed and wrinkled old dame who might readily pass for Methusulah's mother. Among many sandhill scenes one of the brightest is "The sand dunes" by W. H. Tomkinson. A small portraits somewhat out of the common is "The veil" by P. K. Smith. It is of the cabinet size toned pale green and artistically mounted. Special mention should be made of the natural history work of Mr. W. Farren of Cambridge who convincingly illustrates the valuable use the camera can be put to in aiding the study of this branch of research. Mr. James Hardiag, the oldest member of the Society, has several pictures (not for competition) including some splendid flower studies and a striking portrait "pleased to see you " which was appropriately placed at the entrance of the gallery. There is only one trade exhibit—a screen from Messrs. Griffin and Sons displaying an attractive portrait.

THE TEA ROOM. A new departure has been made this year by the transformation of a lecture room into a tea room which has been very well patron;zed. Pleasing decora- tions have been carried out by Mrs. Mathias with the able assistance of Nlrs.Smithson and Mrs.Smith.and the room presents a very cosy and inviting appearance. Mrs Mathias is also responsible for the very tasteful draping of the two exhibition galleries.

The general arrangements for the exhibition have been splendidly carried out, and a special word of praise is duo to Mr. A. C. Smithson (the secretary) for his invaluable organisation of the whole enterprise. THE OPENING CEREMONY. 'the opening ceremony was performed by Alderman Bennett, and was well attended. Mr. E. J. HALL, who introduced Mr. Bennett, said he must take the opportunity, standing as he did in the art gallery, to omy a word in, recognition of the fact that during the past few days one of Warrington's revered townsman, Mr. J. C. Thompson, had passed away. With the portrait of the deceased gentleman on the wall facing him he could recall very grateful memories of the days when, as one of Air. Thompson's pupils, he had the benefit of his wise teaching. Mr. Thompson's name would Always be revered and remembered in Warrington. One of their worthiest townsmen, Mr. Thompson had enshrined him- self in the memories and affection of his pupils. (Applause).

Alderman BENNETT said it was once again his pleasure and privilege to declare the exhibition open. The position in which he stood was certainly not due to any knowledge which he possessed of photography but was due entirely to the fact that he had the honour of being the chairman of the Museum Committee. He thought that the Museum was an institution so broad as to include within its scope everything which made for culture, beauty and art and all that was highestiand it was therefore not inappropriate that the Mu3eum,and its various associations should officially, through him, welcome the Warrington Photographic Society. In the tribute which Mr. Hall paid to the memory of Mr. Thompson they recognized one reason why in War- rington they ought to extend a sympathetic considera- tion to anything of an artistic character. Re always thought that amongst the various things which reflected credit upon Warrington certainly not the least were the associations which clustered round the name of Mr. J. C. Thompson and the eminent artists who received their first tuition from him in a room almost adjoining the one in which they were standing. (Hear, hear.) The Photographic Society was an institution which seemed to grow in popularity and prosperity year by year and although he had only had a cursory glance round he thought he was correct when he said that was the finest exhibition %hich the Society had ever held. They had rapidly outgrown the hospitality extended to them at the Old Academy and it looked ns though they would outgrow the hospitality of the Museum—a thing which he thought was another argument in favour of the extension Of the Museum, which he hoped would qot bkdeferred. The diffusing among the people ' of the long a love of beauty and'culture. must act in a most beneficial way upon the town, and he hoped the exhibition would be a reclrd both as regarded attend- ance and artistic merit. (Applause.) Mr. MAT ref As in moving a vote of thanks to Alder- man Bennett for his services, remarked that the Society had always received the greatest kindness at the hands ,of Alderman Bennett, both there and at the Old Academy, and he had done everything he could to help them in every possible way. Ile also desired to thank the Museum Committee and , the officials for the kindness and courtesy which they I had extended to the :Society. Since they commenced holding exhibitions on a larger scale the work of the Society had improved very much and members hnxi gone in for open competitions,and,he was glad to say,secured awards throughout the country. (Applanse).

Mr. ROBERT PimiporYr seconded. Fro had great sympathy with the Photographic Society, being himself a photographer of many years' standing, having begun in the days of wet plates and whorl they stained their hands with nitrate of silver. (Laughter.)Tt had been a great pleasure to'him now that under certain altered circuinstanues which did not necessitate his constant attendance at Westminster, and relieved him of responsibility,he had a littlecompensat- ing holiday time with his wife during which he had done a great deal of work with the camera. Alderman Bennett took a keen, nay almost a fevered, interest in matters concerning Warrington and especially concerning the old things and objects of beauty in Warrington which no doubt would be found represented among the photo- graphs in the exhibition. (Applause.) The rate was heartily accorded.

Alderman BENNETT said that‘at the exhibition last but the result raspc was ial cls was included for local antiquities discouraging and Very much to his regret the class had been discontinued. Niany of War- rington's charming old buildings and places were fast disappearing and he thought the Society would be serving a useful and historic purpose if they photo- graphicallyrecorded the appearance of these interesting spots. (Applause.) 14 ,1

mop

===== 0002601_19060519_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
BILIOUSNESS BANISHED.

Bile Beans Restore Sound Health after 12 Years Suffering.,

Strong proof of the permanency of Bile Bean cures comes to hand from Shipley, Yorks. Miss Eva Hutchinson, of 8, Ivy Grove, Moorhead-lane. Shipley, was cured of chronic biliousness three years ago, since when she has been wholly free from sickness. " There is no doubt that mine is a genuine cure. because I have not had a bilious attack since I finished with Bile Beans, three years ago," she told a local pressman. "For twelve years I suffered from bilious- ness. Every month I had a bad attack. I began v. ith a sick headache in the morning, which increlsed ratil I vomited severely. This laid me up for two or three days at a time, and all I ate WAS a little dry toast. Often I fell down in a dead faint, I was so weak end dizzy. "For many nights in succession I got practically no sleep. I was very debilitated, and almost all the spirit had been knocked ont of me. In fact, I felt thoroughly depressed, especially airthe doctor could do me no good. "The headaches eventually became very acute, and at times caused me terrible saffering. I was afi aid to eat because of the vomiting which followed. Finding that all the doctor's preparations and numerous other medicines I took did ,ne no good, E had come to think that my else was past curiug, when Bile Beans were recommended tome. " I tried them, and by the time I bad finished the second box I was certainly feeling better, so I went on with the Beans. After I had finished the fifth box I was able to leave off taking them. I wee then quite well again, and was entirely free from biliousness." Bile Beans differ from ordinary medicines in that they cure nermatrently and do not relieve for a time only. That is because they are Nature's remedy and cure in a 04tura1 manner. For all stomach, liver, and bowel disorders, Bile Beans are an unfailing remedy. Price Is. lid or 25.9 d., of all chemists.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

SHOP-BREAKING AT WARRINGTON. At Warrington, on Saturday, Wm. Campbell, thgoe's-lane,Charl ea Woods,Ed win Woods,and William Woods—three brothers—Howard-street, were charged with breaking into the shop of Mr. Edwin Ambrose Jones, tailor ar d d raper,Priestley-street, and stea ling a quantity of drapery of the value of £l4 10s.—Superintendent Monathan said t're shop was locked up on Thursday night, and on Friday morning the premises were found to have been entered, and a quantity of drapery goods were missing. Constable Arms rong received informs: tion which resulted in the arrest of Charles and Edwin Woods, who afterwards made a statement implicating Campbell, who was arrested by Detective Clough. When being taken to the police station he became very violent, kicking the officer several times on the leg. The stolen goods had been left at the house of a Mrs. Dickenson, in Lythgoe's-lane, by Camp- bell, who led her to believe that he was removing. Mrs. Dickenson was charged at the police court on Wednes- day with receiving the goods, knowing tbem to have been stolen: but, considering the straightforward manner in which she had acted, he (the superintendent) would withdraw the case against her. He would also withdraw the case against Edwin Woods, the evidence showing that he had nothine to do with the robbery. The other threa prisoners pleaded guilty. Campbell, who has been convicted several times for theft, was committed to gaol for six months on the robbery charge and two months for the essaelt on Detective Clough. The brothers Charles and William Woods were sent to gaol for one month each, and Edwin Woods was dig- charged. ~ SUNDAY NIGHT PARA nERS.—DISORDERLY YOUTHS FINED. The disorderly conduct of young people who habitu- ally freqnent Sankey-street and the principal streets of the town on Sunday evenings has long formed the sub- ject of serious complaints to the police, and steps have been frequently taken to bring about a more orderly state of affairs. From time to time batches of youths have been fined at the Police Court for indulging, in horse-play—noth'ing more serious has ever been sugges- ted against them—to be followml in every case by a nariod of quiet. Gradually, however, the restraining influence of a saluta-y lesson thus afforded has worn I off and the police have been again compelled to bring the offenders before the local magistrates. On Monday five youths were summoned for disorderly con- duct in Sankey-streat and were each tined in the costs (4s. 6d.) They were Charles Austin, 12, School Brow ; Harry Hanson, 33, Willis-street 7 • Albert Wakefield, 63, Orford-street ; William Ford, 5, Lythgoes-lane, and Thomas Rowlands, 32, Lythgoes-lane.--In regard to the first two it was shown that they tried to trip up a girl, arra swung another girl round by the arms, sending her I from one t the other. The other three defendants, it was prosw., caught hold of girl's dresses and threw lighted matches at them.—The Cnief Constable said that on Sunday night Sankey-etreet and the immediate neighbourhood were scarcely fit for respectable women and girls to walk along owing to the conduct of otherwise highly respect- ahle yoeths—conduct which individually was not serious but which collectively formed an intolerable nuisance. On occasions when goine along Sankey-street he had been ashamed to be the chief of the police in the towa.— Mr. S. Wright, one of the magistrates, suggested that some of the girls who contributed to the disorder should be brought before the magi str ates.—The Chief Constable said that after that expression he would have no hesita- tion in bringing the girls into court. Previously he bad felt some little delicacy about doing so. THEFT OF SCRAP IRON. At the Warrington Police Court on 'Monday, Sarah Jenks, 41, Warburton-street, and Mary Ann Watson were charged with stealing scrap iron, the pro-t rty of the London and North-Western Railway Company. Jenks was charged with stealing one cwt. of iron and Watson with stealing 101bs.—Mr. Fenra, who appeared on behalf of the Company,. Laid that on the 19th April P.C. Reddington was in Folly-lane when he saw the defendants wheeling a handcart which appeared to be heavily laden. Upon examination be found that the cart contained the scrap iron mentioned in the charge syhich had been stolen from the railway company's siding at Dslirrop.—A conviction was recorded agairst both of the prisobers under the First Offenders' Act. ALL F,G ED BUR GLA RY AT MOORE. _ - •

At the Warrington Occasional Court on Monday, before Mr. William Long and Colonel Ridgway, William Atkinson we brought up on remand charged with baying on the 21st April, at Moore, between the hours of 10 p.m., and G a.m., burglariously broken and entered the dwelling-house of Mr. ' Ernest Edward Ridgway, and stolen a silver cigarette case, a silver tobacco box, a silver sovereign purse, a silver snuff-box, a silver tray, an ivory diary, a silver photo frame, a pipe, a latch key, and a lamp extinguisher.—P.C. Lane of the Salford Police spoke to arresting the pt:soner at ford on suspicion for loitering with intent to com- mit a felony. The articles Omni-aerated in the charge were found in his possession. —Prisoner was retr—ided for trial to the Chester Assizes.

COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to " Kemp's Mercantilepazette," the total number of Commercial Failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, May 11th. was 181, viz. :—New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 82; Deeds of Arrangement registered,79. The respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were : Bankruptcies, 79 ; Deeds of Arrangement 82—total 161 ; being no alteration. The total num- ber of Commercid Failures recorded during the 19 weeks of the present year is 3,153 ; the total number recorded in the corresponding 19 weeks of last year WO9 3,4:6, showing a decrease of 263.

lie

, ~, : 11111.11 i ';'' ~,,,,,,, it baby's , 111 ° dAintir I 1 '.201.#,.° 11( 1 iill c i 1 li.f, ~.,, , 1i i i laces. ~'t. 4 ',, it .1 1 ile . 1,1! AII )-11.1 . Ili , i 1 11 1 1 11 ig 17. y ,11. op 4 4 e , 017,...., .1. 9 L N,^,.... Pk"-- t--'_.• ~,.,>.- , A7‘----- --440, ~..- /* NI V(e - / -II (,) A...,714;te" /Ii k,,,, il. i 1it,iL,,,,,, i I I i / 1 .11 / It k.' ii'lll 4, / 11 ' 04 Li, 1 i Z... /-'_--1 CO L NI AN 'S ttttl ill i l ii'''.s4lllll ._ 1 i 1... Ifriii s,..,IgISTARC,--,

===== 0002601_19060519_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.1111

===== 0002601_19060519_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
ELLESMERE-STREET MISSION.

The New Schools.

BAZAAR TO CLEAR OFF THE DEBT.

A valuable work is being done by Ellesmere-strc3t Mission, Avhich is a centre of great activity in a working-class district. A. long-felt want was r ently supplied by the erection of commodious new school premiser., and it is the general opinion tbat the Sunday school with its 800 scholars is a crerit to the circuit. . debt still remains on the undertaking, and the workers are applying themselves diligently to raising the necessary funds. This week a bazaar, by which it is hoped to raise £2OO towards this laudable object, has been held, in Bold-street schools. It was opened on Wednesday afternoon, and w :11 close this (Friday) evening. Ample test;mony to the energy to which the congregation have thrown themselves ihto the projt zt was forthcoming in the shar 3 of the splendid display of useful and fancy wares which covered the attrac- tively arranged stalls. The room was very prettily decorated, and present3d a bright and inviting appear- ance.

The folloning is a list of the stallholders :

LAD/ES' SEWING CLASS.—President, Mrs. Thompson; secretary, Miss Leatherbarrow • assisted by Mesdames Marsh, Hamblett, Benson, and Misses Wakefield and Roylance. FANCY STALL.—Mesdames F. Cox, Allen, C. T. Cox, Williams, Miss Humphreys, Miss Edwards. -YOUNG LADIES'S BIBLE CLASS.—Mesdames Pattisor, E.Wood,Miss Doncaster,Miss Israc,and Miss Darbysbi re . JUVENILE STALL.—Misses Gregson, Gilbert, N. Gregson, Hardmen. REFRESHMENT STALL (in charge of Miss Barlow).— Mesdames J. Taylor, Howard, Llewellyn and Sherburn, Misses P. Taylor, E. Howard, J. Ellison, E. Hon.on, A. Clough, E. Ellison, and M. Stringer. YOLSG MENS' BIBLE CLASS.—Messrs. J. Barlow, Levi Richardson and P. Taylor, Mrs. Levi Richard.sor, Mrs. Tom Duckworth. end Mrs. Elijah Lunt.,

MiscELLANsous.—Messrs. E. Taylor. J. Fhmblett. E. Wood, C. Drinkwater, M. Llewellyn and J. Ellison, and Mesdames E. Ellison end J. Davenport. FLOWER STALr —Misses Robinson, L, Taylor, C. Jones, Stirling and Sherbtria. MRS. NICHOLSON'S STALL confninei a choi6 essort- ment of art and oriental goods, eco. BRAN T.—Mrs. Coffey, and Miss R. Peaoc 31r. HISTORY OF THE id [MON.

A needy-compiled handbook contained an interesting history or the mission which dates • back to 1884. The ministers of the Circuit at the time were :—Revs. E. 0. Coleman, A. Agar Beet, and Ftancis Hagan. See dal services were being held in Bold-street Church and several youths became attached to the Church, some of whom are still workers in the Mission, and others who take a deep interest in its present work. To sustain the interest of these new members, a Mission Service was commenced in the Buttermarket-strr at schoolroom on Sunday evenings at 8 o'clock, after the usual preach- ing service at Bole-street Chapel. Thee inc ttings were carried on for some ti me under the leadership of Mr. J. B. hole, W. C. Nicholson, T. Prir ce, W. Charles,Joseph lithson and others. Eventually the Mission was trens- ferred to Hall-street, where a room was kindly lent by l•ir. J. Ernaress, and became know a as " The Coal Yard Mission." It was here that the workers commenced their first Sunday school under the superintendency of Mr. Gregson. For twelve months a good work ass carried on, and it was found necesrary to look for more commodious premises. In the year 1888, the upper story of the old building in Buttermarket-street was again occupied, and for a few years a steady progr, -a was noticeable. The number of scholars at this time was about 200. At the lathr end oa the year 1892, a communication was received from the trustees of the Sunday School, that the premises had deen dispond of, This was a sore disappointment to the workers of the Mission, for they felt that the work which had hr n conducted by the Mission so successfully for meny, would probably have to be relinquished. For three months the Mission had no place of meeting, and there was much anxiety concerning the scholars and membetJ of the congregation. As a result of a Conference in December 1892 various sites for a new building were inspected, and the only one suitable was in Ellesmere- street. The wisdom of the choice is undoubtedly shown in the progress that has been made. Four gentlemer (Messrs. J. B Isaac, J. Efartley, W. Brough and R. Dale) came forward, and kindly promised to find the means for erecting an iron Cbapel in Ellesmere-street. The erection of the building was immediately commenced, and on the 23rd April 1893, the opening services were held, Rev. J. Kirtlan conducted the service in the afterooon, and Mr. Brough in the evening. In November 1896 the debt on the building was paid, and when the wealth of the workers in the Mission is taken into consideration, every praise is due to them. Our workers are all workinc people, but the noble sactifices they have made for their church is woi thy of the highest commendation. The Mission since its inauguration has passed through many trying circum- stances, but the fidelity of the workers has remained immovable. The success achieved is attributed tto the kind and brotherly love that exists between the mem- bers. The workers are proud of the Mission, and of the 'Sunday school, and the latter is a credit to the Circuit. In the new premises there is better scone with the senior scholars, and the congregation are looking for- ward with hope for a continuance of the success of the 'Past. The Sunday school at present under the super- intendency of Mr. John Barlow, flourishes beyond the dreams of all connected with the institution of a few years back. There has been a succession of superin- tendents of well-known names in local Methodism : B. Isaac Joseph Dobagn,William Gregson,Levi Richard- sor George Perkins, W. H. Shertnp a, and John Barlow. tic: Mission organizations include a book club, penny bank, Band of Hope, three eociety chases, a Young :ruer's Union, and a cricket club. The following executive committee have bad the bazaar weangernents in hand :—Prrlident, Rev. J. Manning ; secretaries. Messrs. F. Cox, E. Horton ; tre Ismer, Mr. J. Taylor; Messrs. E. Howard, C. Dri water ; Misses Leatherbarrow. and C. Humphreys.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OPENING CEREMONY.

The bazaar was or aned on Wednesday afternoon by Mrs. R. Garnett, of Penketh, the chair being occupied by Mr. J. G. Withenshaw. The nev. J. MANNING explained that by the bazaar it was hoped to raise £2OO towards the liquidation of the debt on the school premises. They had a piece of MiFSiOl9 work at Ellenmete-street of which the circuit was proud and he was sure the circuit would stand by the efforts of the mission workers in trying to get rid of the debt. Two months ago they openci the new I premises the necessity of which was proved by the fact Ithat even now the buildings were not too large. The hall was filled every Sunday ni eht and the Sunday school was the second largest in the circuit, there being over 400 scholars on the books. The mission had a splendid future before it and he honed the support accorded to this would more than realize espeetstions. (Applause.) The CHAMMAN said nothing could give him greater pleasure than to preside at a bazaar held for such a splendid object. He did not think there MS any work in the circuit, with the exception of that at Penketh, which lay nearer his heart than the work at Ellesmere- street. The iron chapel Was comnleted just about the time he came to Warrington, and he had alwnys taken a deep interest in the Mission. The strong feature about it was the magnificent Sunday school of which they were all proud. He did not think it would be long heforethe workers would have the satisfaction of know- ing that the debt had been wiped off. (Applause). Mrs. GARNETT expressed her great plensure that they had such a good Sunday school, and that they were looking after the young people. Ellesmere- street Was indeed a mission centre, and missions were the great hop,' of the Church. Tf they could not fill their own sanetnaries with thaw tirne-h.onoured pews they must try to till their mission halls and chapels and take the Gospel to the people who would not Come to other places to he .r it. She had very great sympathy with the workers in that movement and hoped they would he able to wipe off the debt. Both Silver-street ' and Ellesmere-street Missions were deenly interesting to her from the fact that they were getting hold of the poorer claFsca of the youne people and trying to raise them. ) give them something better elm the streets and the many temptations which assailed them there, end to make their evenings and Sunday afternoons bright end helpful. She tt asted Ellesmere-street would go on and flonrish more and more. (Applause). Mr. E. J. GuEsT having, briefly expressed the indebtld- ness of the gathering to Mrs. Gal nett and the chairman for their attendance, the business of the bazaar commenced.

ENTE RTAIN MEN rs AND ATI RACI lONS. Numerous gnterthinments and other attractions were Provided. An exhibition of curios in charge of Mr. Williams was an interesting feature, the articles in view including a working model of the ship " Mona " (lent by Mr. Neil) a sailor's cap ribbon taken from the Russian battle ship ' Valrip "which was blown up at the beginning of the recent vcar with Japan, two sacred pictures over 100 years old, on Indian idol, a Zulu dagger, and the pistol used at the first taco of the old Warrington Sailing Club. On Wednesday evening Mr T. B. Barton's Juvenile Orchestra was in attendance and on Thursday evening seTections were given by Miss Lloyd Williams' mandoline band. The amusing sketches "To be Ist." "The hard-up rivals" and "April fools" were given with great success by Mr. Hedley H. Taylor, Miss Marian Ellison, Mr. E. J. Sutton, and Mr. W. Johnson. There were several enjoyable concerts the artistes being :—Miss L. Sterling (piano). Mrs. A. Grace (mandoline), Miss A. Gregson (recitations), Mr. G. Osborne (granutphone). Mrs. A. Reswick, Mr. W. Warburton Mr. B. Jennings and Mr. J. Clayton (songs),] Mr. It. T-lilton and Mr. R. Searisbrick (humorists.)

===== 0002601_19060519_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE QUAKE, THE FIRE, AND STILL THE QUAKE.

Another Letter from Mr. H. Whitham.

I am afraid the Pacific coast of North America is not a desirable residential district, and I think it corld never at any time have been pronounced, with a due regard to truth, " perfect." I think it was within a very few weeks after our arrival here, some eiglween years ago, that we received during the night our first experience of a pretty good shock of earthquake, and to-day, just one week after the biggest quake the white man has known 'since he came to live here, we have had another shake, and it was one float has settled he question about quitting the city of San Francisco. Yes, we must r ye on, once more. Possibly, we may land in C a towa just across the bay, and although it is still within the earthquake zone, it re-ay be possible for us to get another house all to ourselves, fiats not being the only residential style of housing the meek and lowly. So it is that house-hunting has commenced once more, anclA am wondering who must do it. Not I, not being able to walk without a stick, id a limp, I guess I shall be told to " stay at home." When the quake of this afternoon can- e along I was with one of my married daughters who livci among the hills a mile away. It was nothing to 13 scoffed at. If it had been a lonely visitor, it vraAd have had a line in history all to itself. As it was I thought it wise to get off -home and see how things were there They were bad. My wife and two daughtera Ruby and flora, seem just now pretty nears a nervous wreck and would not on any account stay another night in the house. so mother and I stayed in the house alone. There is another daughter, Marian, I have not seen her for four days. She is a nurse at one of the wrecked hospitals, and I am hopirg she has stood the most recent quake better than her sisters. Now, who is to do the house hunting? I don't know but we shall and must have it done, and get out of this city of 400,000 inhabitants. The number would not b equif so h. Li as this,l think, if we had a count to-day' The rail ,ds say they have taken 25,000 out, and the steamboats have taken out a big 'number. But they will take no farnitnre out of the city. My next door neighbours on the ground floor, after two days shock,just pack: i their hand bags and shook the dust of the city their feet, and quit. It was quite easy fur a large number of these people to quit. An immense number of them lived-in furnished rooms, and the American family, as a rule, is not large. So we have Oakland as the objective point. So much for the domestic side of the results of Quake and fire r id still quake I can make no further at' rapt to describe the upheaval. In this hest of all possible worlds we found in a few short w ;on& er,. water, our gas, our electricity and all that electricity means suddenly taken from us. Something else:l may just whisper. We are quite sure we can Imini t‘,- all you who live outside our famous city and roe :e you believe there was no earthquake, and this although our press acknowledge 1,000 killed and I don't know how many injured. Our City Fathers have met and have solemnly resolved that the disaster shall be knowa as " The great fire of 1906, and not as the great earth_ quake." I see in the paper to-day that the Mayor, represent- ing the civil power, has given the military power a , little of his mind, and declares the city has not been under martial law. This is rather strange, inasmuch as it is quite certain a number of very respectable citizens end at least one woman have been shot dead, in sight. Several of these blood-thirsty mit. creants, who are first to fight and last to toil, are now held for murder. Give a majority of the.class who enlist, the right to carry out all that is meant by Martial Law, and we should soon see hwr deep our civilization is. Two soldiers, they seemed two decent fellows have just been to my door, and said that if we wished we could have a special guard, as the Thugs and looters were out. We declined. It is now 8.25 p.m., and we must put out lights and go to bed. The last shock did the business. Not one of the girls will come near the house, so we must move across the hay to Oakland. We are ,going to store our furniture with some good friends who have offered us their basement for that purpose, and it is likely we shall find sleeping room with them. The people seem to be all on the move and the streets are like a fair, only there is not much mirth. The park is full of people tenting out and doing the test they can. Births from thirty to forty, and deaths I don't know how many. All this business has to go on, earthquakes and fi,-e notwithstanding. I am just resting a bit after a bard day packing for moving. My address for the present will be, H. WHITHASI c/o Mr. Stott, 2855, Jackson-avenue, Alameda, Park-street Station, Oakland; California.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
W A RRINGTON AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.

Seventeeth Annual Show.

The seventr 3nth annual show of ''-te Warrin.gton Bud District Agricultural Society will be held in Walton Park on Thursday, 16th August. Prizes, cups, So., are offered to the value of about £7OO. As in plst year, Sir Gilbert Greensll, Bart., gives a district champion cup value £lO and two silver cups value £5 each. Mr. F. Stapleton Bretherton gives a special prize value £5, and the vice-president, Lord Lilford, a silver cup value £5, while Lady Greerall offers thre3 special prizes of £2 each to the blacksmit't for the 1335 t shod horse which has been regularly shod at the same forge during the six months or thereabouts previous to the date of the show, in certain specfled classE Mr.,T Whittaker Kenworthy, Mr. James Gould, Messrs. Henry Milling and Co., and Messrs. Day and Sons also offer special prizes. Medals are offered by the Shire Horse Society, the Hunters' Improvement Society, eid the Hackney Horse Society. Messrs. Ainscough also give sr -cial prizes for shire mares stinted to and for foals got by their shire stallion " Ambush." There are cle BC9 for shirr-, huntsrs, hackneys, harness horses, jumpe,.3, tradesmen's or tenant farmers' turAouts' c.ttle, pigs, chcse and butter. A special feature of the show will be novice clesses in the open hunter and open harness classes for horses not having previously *on large prizes at other shows. Entry forms and all particulars may t 3 obtained from Mr. H. Beresford Melville, Bold. street, Watrington. Entries close on Wednesday, lsi August. On the same day, the as will be a flower sho on Sir Gilbert Greenall's Walton estates, with oi classes for gentlemen's' gardeners.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLAMMATION OF THE KIDNEY DROPSY AND WEAK HEART CURED BY VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC After Doctors Gave Case Up.

Mr, H. Mc DOWELL, 'N.B. Guard. 130, B ..ack street Dennistoun, Glasgow, writes :—" 'numbs to VEND'S SEAWEED TONIC, which,ha; T believe, saved my life. It is now over tour months since it cured me of Inflammation of the Kidneys end Dropsy; when I corn- meneed taking it I was lying in bed he'ples • doctors bad given me up, they told my wife they could do no wore. My first lettar to you was strictly cam ;my case will stand the strictest investigation. Your SEA- WEED TONIC carnoc be too widely knost a, it is simply a miraculous medicine; hundreds of people flock to Li me, and all along the North British system people come end aFk me about my recovery, end about your rnedicines. I have been the means of a great deal of your SEAWEED TONIC being sold in Glesgow and other places." VEND'S SEAWEED Tostc for parity and all-round potency has not its equal anywhere for kidney troubles, and for stomach, liver and blood 7diseascl ; ic strengthens, regulates and restores the body to a healthy and vigorous state, especially good for chronic constipation, indigestion. /lid all kidney and heart affections. Prica Is. 124. end 2s. 9d., at c„n,ists evet ywbere.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
HONESTY REMANDED.

An English lady who 'aci arrived at Calais by the Dover steamer, on coming out of the Customs House, discovered to her consternation that she had lost her handbag containing about £2OO in notes. She went to the police office to give information of her loss, and whilst she was there a porter named Maillot came to the office with the bag, w'lich he had found on the quay. Tee lady rewarded him with £5. CORONER ASKED TO RESIGN. The Denbighshire County Council have requested Mr W. Wynne Evans, the Coroner for East Denbighshire, to resign his appointment, as he has left the county, and taken up his residence in L.ndon. Mr. Evans intimates his intention of retaining the post, having fulfilled the requirements of wet was a life appointment. The County Council have decided to take stops to have the office declared vacant.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 19, 1906. WOMAN'S REALM WOMAN'S SORE BACK.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

A SENSIBLE REST CURE.

Women fly to all manner of expensive and inconvenient rest cures nowadays, but if they would but realise it they might get the same results in their own homes under much more agreeable circumstances, declares "Miranda" in the Lady's Pictorial. It is coming to he recognised by many doctors that needlework is one of the best possible nerve-soothers, and that the old-fashioned forms of stitchery and other purely feminine handicrafts are the most suit. able for the purpose. There is nothing better, for example, than lace-making, which is a beautiful industry in itself, but another very pietuf:e6que pursuit which may be profitably indulged in by women who want to be rid of the jar and fret of modern life is that of spinning. A woman shews to great advantage at a spindle, and there is certainly, something very soothing about the quiet turning of the wheel and the slow but sure production of the thread from the seemingly impossible tangle of flax. , A TAILOR. MADE SIMI' BLOUSE.

Of the convenience and desirability of the plain tailor-rnz..—le shirt-blouse there can be little doubt. It is distinctly the smartest. thing for morning and country wear, while its excellent washing and wearing qualities make it one of the most economical of garments. An excellent example of the useful shirt is pictured in our sketch. The material of which it is fashioned is a plain White linen, coarse in weave, and not at all expensive. The front consists of a sort of plastron, shaped

ia the upper part something after the fashion ot a tabbed yoke. Beyond this come shaped tucks, and beyond again a plain tuck over each shonlder. Tucks and front are piped with dark- blue machine stitching in the same colour, and finished with large blue-and-white embroidered buttons. A navy-blue skirt, belt, and stock com- plete the neat and smart little morning rig-out. THE SIMPLER Lnrs.

On every side, says a writer in London Opinion, one hears that the lavish expenditure upon private entertainments so noticeable of late years will not be nearly so extravagant this season. Already a vogue for smaller and more select parties is growing up, and it is to be hoped that the day of big crushes is over. The King's aversion to long and heavy dinners has helped to introduce simpler fare, and though perhaps never have the delicacies of the table received more attention than at the pre- sent time, menus are shorter than they have ever been. Another prominent feature of the coming season's entertaining will be the brief invitations for all manner of parties. Modern hostesses prefer to do away with ceremony, and make ' their receptions smart and informal, and invitations are seldom issued more than a week in advance. Some of the gayest balls of last season were arranged for at a few days' notice.

4717,74141 kill.#l, F: T` , 4 , , ' : ) 1:<0. I i lip 1 li )H / ,Ilil (ai II ii/0,,f , / _y • t'ii i, 1: ti:1447 _ _ tQ. .4,:;,:t4 \';•,, i( i \\ i

===== 0002601_19060519_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
SMART LINEN COSTUME.

In our sketch will be seen a neat costume of white linen. The smart little coat terminates with a short basque, and is drawn in at the waist with a belt of butcher-blue linen, the belt fastening beneath the loose fronts of the coat, which, in their turn, are adorned with a double row of pearl buttons, fastened across with loops of cord. There are revers of blue linen, and over them is,

depicted a dainty collar of broderie anglaise, !nislied with a frill of quilted muslin. The .leeves are full at the shoulder, but fit closely to the arm below the elbow, finishing at the wrist with a pointed cuff of blue linen. The skirt ii perfectly plain, being very full at the bottom—and stitched at the hem. The hat that completes the costume is a. French sailor shape, composed cn! 17:roderie anglaise, and trimmed with blue sill: ribbon to match the blue of the linen facings.

' '•'•.s•-,3'. ' '4- .L4l4,ii _......_ 4. , / :(i.,..,:-.' • • ~ .. . ..•.7, / '. -- • •, . . . . „ ~, , :,, , d • -._.. ,T " \ , f / \s• L . I kOs, , ~ , sf , ..,,I f )'/''.;( Ci ' ',' '( ' //I- '\l‘\•%„—\\• 4 L 4 1W \ ..• ''' I• 1 ,• /1 / ././ii/ lti ,Ac.i......—.....••• ~,. '1••'-..:.- ~.•,__...„.1.47_,,,,..... ~,,, k 4 ~2". '--•'-.1'').:% ?4).' { " '''' 't ' --..1............Y11,. J., It - -

===== 0002601_19060519_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
EASBROIDERED LINEN DEESSES.

The West End shows a wondrous display ol %-,•:iite embroidered linen dresses, but I fear, says a writer in the Woman at .Home, that being much cut on the cross they will not be Hings of beauty after they have once passed the hands of the London laundress. this reason, I do not advise them as being I..racticta garthents to buy. Tartan in a licbt woollen make is still in vogue, generally trimmed with greon velvet, which is, braided with a narrow black braid and tiny gilt buttons. When the weather gets warmer, we will havle the lovely and inexpensive cotton voiles, the printed silks and nets, and all the light • pie- tirresque fabrics which Dame Fmhion has in store. The succees of the jaunty sleeveless i:odice is assured, and I have seen several charming examples of these bodices quits recently.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

SALT COD CREA3L—Soak a piece of salt cod for ; forty-eight hours, constantly changing the water. ' cook in cold water, and as soon as there are • signs of boiling, add a tumbler of cold water. Take the fish off the fire, and remove the lid fcr fifteen minutes. Then remove the cod; drain, bone, and skin it. Place .in a saucepan, sprinkle with lemon-juice, and stir . over the fire while someone pours some fine olive oil, drop by drol, until the cod resembles a thick paste and clings .to"? the saucepan while stirring. Add half a .sf milk the same nuantity of water. and :ontinue stirring. prop in some snore on, ann, when quite dissolved to a cream, season with ...hoped parsley and a, little garlic warmed in oil. sprinkle with salt and pepper, and serve very kol. To be perfect the cream must never boil over.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Inflamed Patches and Burning Sores Cured by Zam-Buk.

Neglected sores, poisoned by dirt, or new clothing containing traces of harmful chemicals, have meant torturing skin disease for hundreds. Mrs. Hunt, of 206, Marsh-street, Barrow-in-Furness, says :—" Zam-Buk has cured me of blood poisoning. I was perfectly well until one day when I wore some new flannelette. I think the chemicals got into a sore between my neck and shoulders, and the next morning my back was covered with red, inflamed patches. It got so bad that I had to go to a doctor, and had two bottles of medicine and three boxes of ordinary oint- ment. These things, however, did me no good, and I sent for Zam-Buk, which I found very soothing. 1 persevered with the dressings, and only used half another box when I was completely cured. Zam-Buk must have drawn out all the 'poison, for I have not had the blotches since, and the irritation is quite gone. The sores, too, are quite healed. I must thank •Zam-Buk for doing its work so well. 1 have a box now in the house, and do not think there is any healing balm to equal it." . . .

4Zam-Buk is soothing, antiseptic, curative, and healing. Keep a box handy at h me.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DUST NUISANCE.

Mr. A. J. King Asks a Question in

Parliament.

In the House of Commons on Tuesday, Mr. J. King, M.P., asked the President of the Local Govern- ment Board if his attention had been called to complaints by farmers in Cheshire and other agricul- tural counties of the damage and inconvenience which they suffered from the dust raised by the passage of motor-cars over the country roads in any weather, and whether be proposes to take steps to abate the nuisance. Mr. Burns said he had received many representations, not only from Cheshire, but from many other parts of the country, as to the vexatious annoyance arising thorn the dust caused by motor-cars. He had given instruc- tions that these communications should be laid before the Royal Commission on Motor-oars. CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL'S ATTITUDE.

A report presented to the Cheshire County Council on Thursday is to the effect that there appears to be less inclination on the part of the urban authorities to experiment with any of the dust-laying materials at present in the market; the tendency is more in the direction of altering methods of construction to pre- vent or lessen the creation of dust. A sub-committee has decided that it is not expedient at present that the county surveyor should incur expenditure out of county funds in experiments to prevent dust raising on the main roads. but he is authq- rised to sanction the use by privat3 indi - vidnals of such materials as he may consider advisable. The clistrict surveyors have been instructed to arrange as far as possible for the brushing of the' main roads during dry weather, so as to minimize as much as pos- sible the nuisance arising from dust from ,the motor car traffic. SUCCESSFUL DUST EX:FERMENTS.

The Surveyor reported to Northvvich Urban Council on Tuesday night, that experiments with calcium chloride liquor had been remarkably successful as a dust preventative. Having regard to the duration of the applicationthe cost was less than ordinarystreet water- ing.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Sunday Scheel Anniversary.

The anniversary services in connection with the Stockton Heath Providence Sunday School (Indepen- dent Methodist) were held on Sunday, the preacher for the day being Mr. George Hunter, of Leigh. Special anthems were rendered by the choir and solos by Mr. E. H. Pearce who gave an able rendering of "The Lord is my Shepherd," and "Arm, arm, ye brave." In the afternoon a children's service was held, in which several of the scholars took a prominent part.. Thechait was occupied by Mr. R. B. Woods, of Latchford, and an address was given by Mr. George Hunter, upon the work of the Sunday school, Solos were rendered by Miss Mounfield and Miss Houghton. The cpllections amounted to £8 Bs.

MY DEAR CHILDREN, At last I am able to announce the winners of the competition- for the best account of your Easter holidays. I received so many letters from you all, and they were all most interesting, that I really had quite a difficulty to decide between them. However, I think the letter printed below from Master Harry Richards is the best, and I have sent him the first prize; the .second prize has been awarded to Miss Daisy Bakewell. I hope both these members will be_pleased with the award. I hope that all who have not been fortunate enough to win prizes thio time will try for the next Competition. You all stand equal chances, as if you add your age to all contributions, I will take this into considera- tion.

I hope to receive your ideas for coMpetitione for boys and girls. Do not delay in sending me this, as I must soon be making arrange- ments for our June Competitions. We are now getting warmer weather, so 1 dare say your plants are coming up nicely; you must keep me posted as to the progress they make, so that I can tell you when to send me a law specimens. You will find many interesting contributions, sent me by members, printed below. I find I am wanting a flies piece of poetry, so I will award a prize to the beet piece sent me for -next week's paper. With all good wishes from UNCLE NED.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am writing to tell you how I spent my Easter holidays, and how long my garden is. I went on the Castle on Easter Monday, and I heard the Town Prize Band play. They started at three o'clock, and they played several songs for an hour and a-half. I then went up the Castle Keep, and I could see a long way, because the weather was pleasant. -On Monday night I went into the Public Hall, and they showed us the pictures of the "Great Train Robbery" and "The New Errand Boy." They were most realistic. I must tell you about my garden. It is about forty square yards in area. It is where the sun gets at it all day long. I set my seeds about a week ago, and I have had to water them three times on account of having no rain, but I expect they will be all right.

From your loving Nephew, ' HARRY RICHARDS.,

Dear Uncle Ned,—We broke up for our holi• days on Thursday dinner•time. In the after noon I went to market with mother. At nigh, I stayed at home and pled with my doll. On Friday morning I was up early ready • for the hot cross buns. When the postman came he brought several picture postcards, one of which was for me. After I had finished by breakfast I received a large ball. During the morning i played with my doll, ball, and our neighbour's dog Floss. In the afternoon I played in th._ study, and read a book which is called "Fir Tree Farm." In the evening my sister and !weint a walk. The next Morning we had eiglu little chickens, of which my sister is very proud In the afternoon we all went to the cemetery and took some flowers. At night I went in tht study and finished "Fir Tree Farm:" The nexi .day was ,Sunday, and in the morning I stayed at home. In the' afternoon I went to Sunday School, and at night I went to Church. The next day was Monday, and in the morning I went a walk to Branstone, which was very nice. In many of the fields there were some: people playing golf. In the afternoon my mother, ' father, sister, and I went to Vv'inshill on a car. When we got off the car, we went down Mill ' Hill Lane, which was very pretty. Then we ' went down Newton Road, and got on a car, and went to the Station. Then we got on a Branstone Road car and went home. At night I had a friend come, and we stayed in the study. Tuesday I stayed at horne all day because_l was not very well. Wednesday morn- ing I tirade a pinafore for my doll. In the after- noon I had: two friends to tea. At night I „went a walk. The next day was Thursday, and in the morning I set some seeds in my garden. In the afternoon I went a walk with mether. In the evening I stayed at home and read a book which is called "A Stout English Bowman." Friday I stayed at home and played with my doll, owing to bad weather. The next day was Saturday, and in the morning I straightened my bag ready for school on Monday. Afternoon I stayed in and read a book, and at night 'I went to town. Sunday I went to Church.—l remain, yours ever, DAISY BAKtWELL.

DEAD UNCLE NED,—I received my Post-Card Album, and I hope you will like the piece of poetry I am sending you. It is c:illed

THE LITTLE BIRD'S SONG.

A little bird With feathers brown

Sat einging in a tree; The song was very soft and low,

But sweet as it could be. And all the people passing by Looked up to see the bird, That made the sweetest melody That ever they had heard.

DADDY'S LETTER. une day little Dora's teadher said to ID 'Dora, take home your copy-book and Ii .Lt to your' parents." When she showed it _ _

ter: [low-

her father he was so pleased that he said: "Here, my little lase, you can use a pen so well that I'll trust you with my fountain-pen. Write me a letter asking for a new dolly anti. I'll bring you such a nice one. I'm going out now; write before I come back." She ran to tell hr

ei ler mkher of daddy's promise, and aek for paper. Dora.'s brothers Rob . and Tom wished they had got a present; but Tom ,shfiok the table so that mother sent him away. And then Dora began to write: "My Dear Daddy, I want a baby doll, please; I want her with blue eyes and a long frock, and a hood and cloak, pink, please; and the paint on her face not to come off when she's washed. That's except I love you, daddy." "It's done at last, cried Dora. "Oh, I say,' said Tom, coming back to the table, "you made four blots without me to shake you " "It was daddy's pen," said Dora. Just then Dora's father returned. Well, where is your letter? " "Here it ia," said Dora. Daddy read it, called her a famous girl, and kissed her, and the next night brought her the loveliest baby doll that ever was seen. Only it had brown eyes and a blue hood, instead of blue eyes and a pink hood; but, nevertheless, Dora thought she had the kindest daddy,' and was the happiest girl in the world. I remain, yours_ truly,

'JEANE gAtNES.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l wish to become a member of your League. lam 14 yean3 of age, and have left school, 1 also enclose a contribution to your column, hoping you will like it. I remain,__ _

-;,, ~,,,, / i , 'i f '..:' ,3:' /.// , / !f.•- A eg . 0, /, of, , .a.,, , , I? , ~.• , . . r? ..... -....- ...."70-',". TI-I& .-,,,,,,,,,-.:. .:: -.. ....“:. -, : . ..-:-, --: . , •,.. .2 ~, i.,. ,'' . ' `3.. , ''''' - r •. , , . , , ~:..... 4.f:41•••:',-. IN i.-. •- v.r;.-.4.1, ~.. •••:.. .. . , ', 74.34.:.. . , ; #24:. ~_ , j , ill- . • .7,:: ~ V .‘,. L; ; ~--:. -, - , 1 , .„..... v:-.1.‘-.•,,,,- er-, :-.:,-.4.7.k. . ~. .....,,_-- 1 liiii,,,;-,ti.::2, ' ~' ...,. ,:,..,,,,, , ~..,..„Dpv- ~j. .4,.., , .. :,-;„ ~y. . A _Ol. *, ...,6 ..,..„.„ . r 1-1,..--amli j ki' (.....,

===== 0002601_19060519_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
'Your loving Nephew, WILLIE JENKIN SON.

WEATHER WISE.

Sir Isaac Newton was once riding over Salisbury Plain, when a boy keeping sheep called to him, "Sir, you had better make haste on, or you will get a wet jacket." Newton, look- ing round and observing neither bleuds nor a speck on the horizon, jogged on, taking very little notice of the boy's information. He had made but a few miles when a storm, suddenly arising, drenched him to the skin. z:,urprised at the occurrence, and determined, if possible, to ascertain how an ignorant boy had attained a precision and knowledge in the weather, of which the wisest philosopher would be proud, he rode back, wet as he was. "My lad," said Newton, "I'll give thee a guinea if thou wilt tell me how thou cant foretell the weather so truly." "Will ye, sir? I will then!" said the boy, scratching his head and holding out his hand for the guinea. "Now, sir," having received the money, and pointing to his sheep, "when yOld see that black ram turn, his tail towards the wind, 'tis a sure sign of rain within an hour." "What," exclaimed Newton, " must t, iu order to foretell the weather, stay here and Ratch which way that ram turns his tail?" " Yes, sir." Off rode Newton, quite satisfied with his discovery. W. S.

- .1...--.-...

A LITTLE HEROINE. Many years ago there lived in the North of Svntlancl, in a small fishing village,two little. whose names were Annie and Millie Grant, f.hey had to go to a large town, many milee . rem their home to school. Annie was nine years old, and Millie six. One day, when they ,vere at 'School a cry of "Fire" Was raised, and the children rushed panic-stricken from the ourning building. When they were all putside a cry wao heard. "Little Millie Grant Its still in' the burning ochool, who will go back and save her?" Immediately an agonising scream was 'beard, and all turned their heads to zee who it was. It was the cry of Annie Grant, aes she rushed into the burning school to save her little sister. She was soon seen returning from the flames, carrying her sister, and when she earns into the open air she fell senseless to the ground.

« * * * * Littls Annie had saved 'her sister, but she was ,o-terribly burned that the burns she received were fatal, and she only lived tO speak these • woids : 31.111 e af e ? ' Over hey grave was a statue of white marble, placed there by the teac'heis and scholars of the tool in remem- brance of the little girl who lost her °inti life by saving her sister's.

DIISY LEWIS.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
..., „,-7,,--7---;...1.4.,p4gceik - . . , - .. _=__.-• •• 17, ~,:,-:.0.*',; mr , . r ... ~.\,.. la e ,„ . • ~ • _ __. •_ _ .._ ~,____.... , - :41 , •„,,, -

===== 0002601_19060519_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
____.____

Dear Uncle Ned,—l will try to tell you how epent my Easter holiday. On Good Friday morn my mother gave me a silver Easter egg and some hot cros.s buns. I have dug my garden and 02t the seeds; the sunflowers are spring- ing up. My garden is in a very sunny place, and I am going to try hard to make it a (suc- cess. My garden gets the sun all'day long. The weather has just been grand for our holiday. I had some 6plendid games with my brothers and others in the flelde. There was an old wooden trough. We made a queedle of it, and had some rare fun. I should like to tell you I am only eight years old. - From your loving Nephew, , • HAROLD CHAMBERLAIN.

LULLABY.

Come, my little curly head, It's time to go to byes; It seems to me the sandman Is busy with your eyes!

===== 0002601_19060519_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
gossip

BY THE CLUBMAN.

Cycling and Other Pastimes.

Much has been written to show the utility of the cycle in enabling those interested in other pastimes to get from and to their sports easily and quickly; but even those who use the bicycle for such pur- poses seldom take the trouble to get all the benefit from the use of the cycle which they,might obtain.

yers riding their cycles and carrying t• racquets in their hands, a practice at once awkward and dangerous. A shilling clip can be bought at any cycle shop enabling the racquet to be carried on the cycle as shown in the picture

- ,ement in

,

On the other hand, the caddy bag, with golf clubs, is undoubted lY bptter carried slung across the rider's back, as shown in the Sketch above, no completely satisfactory system of attaching the hag to the frame of the cycle being available as far as this writer knows.

Deferred Papnents. Dealing with the big output of cycles during the last eighteen months, largely due to the inbrease . in the credit system, the London 'Evening News' points out that very few people have considered what they have to pay for credit. One of the leading films in the trade advertises that there is no increase in their prices for ,credit, but that 10 per cent. is deducted for cash. \Now, assuming, as is the regular custom, payment is made in twelve monthly instalments, interest for that on the first month is at the , rate of no less than 120 per cent. per annum, GO per Cent, for that of . the second month, 40 per cent, for the third month, and so on, gradually, diminishing, until the normal rate of 1,0 per cent. is reached., Thus, . for example, the buyer of • £6 bicycle on credit not only loses the 12s. he would receive in discount for cash, but in the course of his monthly payments he drops another 10 per cent. For, if the credit buyer only paid 10 per cent. per annum for the _

convenience Of giallutil payment's, his disadvantage would only amount to Gs. 6d. on a £6 machine, as _cotn,pared with a cash pur;:haser, but as it is he wless-Gx. 61. more, or 12x. in all. What happens is, that. additional the credit buyer unconsciously pays an 10 per cent, per annum to the trader, or reeeiv: •ng and taking care of his instal- ment l until the total of the purchase-money is completed. All this i very fine moralizing, no doubt; but those who want to purchase a bicycle upon deferred payments generally agree that the small extra charge made for the accommodation is really not worth consideration, especially seeing that many Of the firms who do this business, like the New Hudson Cycle Co., for instance,, allow a rebate if the payments are kept promptly paid, up, and this makes the cost of credit in the end very little indeed.

Cycles of Matchless 1 - , oik excellence of quality and' i, unequalled mod erat e 111` price. They stood the , RACERS, 'big test of MR. G. A. 0 LLEY'S great ride from .rglim, Land's End to John o' . Groats in 3 days, 20 hrs. ~ POPULARS. 55 mins. without a single el" itnuirsehap, not even a punc- c. COASTERS, They also stood 'the - bard, everyday wear ‘s' g.7±0:20 given them by Mr. A. 6 Franklin, postman, of Shipton - under - Wych - J•O'G' s, wood, who has ridden one t Cltieig ego, of these cycles for 8 years, ll , il la • 9 miles daily, carry-, 1 ing about 60 lbs. of t SFMI RACERS letters daily. Total ,f' rarD„iirs 1 06,r,T1112198 miles, 21,664 ; to ta I weight, 149,760 lbs., and :4 STANDARDS, splendidly. the bicycle still ru n s • 1 ' SZ...› 9 :10.4°'k Full details of these ' and many other big tests t TWO-SPEEDS which prove these bi- -1 Sueitit , cycles unequalled for lightness, speed, reliabi- k - lity, and durability, will be found in the NEW eqcHudson Catalogue, the ' v finest ever issued. Copies k. ‘l/4,....) 1/4 sent anywhere, post free. , New Nudsontycle Co. Ld. ~.1 52, Parade Mills, BIRMINGHAM,

• tali; •••,, 444- ,AFW, , _ tenlTlcisr inZtance, one frequently meets crowds of _ . pla- I- heir ro

above, a vast improvt _ every way. ' - t ,"1-?"'":t-s.:V.::"'I..."'''.` • eel- .C-% % '..7,5',4,5,,t5-7,.;;_ i,,? s.,ijait '.l. ,‘ • ito ils 4,ss ~_ '_ , --1„,-:' •:., :::3.4 .. fil , i .•,,,,, 0 v.l rt.... 4 \-"'fq• / .1i ill II! . t ~,..2",/ i! ........-0„ ...:• -_:

. • . ~ CYCLES THAT , -.:tiTAND BIGTESTS ~,.. „.... . . .c... ., ..,, ..,,,„..„.. .........,. ...,,,,, 7....,,,..„:„..,,,......„. • .. ' Are the Cycles that best ' stand everyday wear. , That is a fact proved by ' , the history of Cycling ' and by the experience .t, 1.-0.341. r?- of all riders of i",*- the famou Ni .. ' ~...... , ' I ..fly.. , --•-• , c 5; °,4•„..?„A, . t.11,,_ ; ' ' ''(‘.--. 1 s -s .

===== 0002601_19060519_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
~

:APPLY TO DEALERS

WEST LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

ASHTON-UNDER-L ItNE v. WARRESTOTA—PIayed at Ashton-under-Lyne, on Saturday. Score : ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. WARRiNGTON. F. L. Eaton a Creswell b A. Thewlis ran out 2 Thewlis 3 P. B. Hawton c Coop Radcliffe (G.) lbw b bP. S. Kershaw 25 Connor lB W.R.Podmore cWatson R. Kershaw c and b 1..) HeWetson 0 Cresswell 5 E.A.Connor c Rewet- P. S. Kershaw lbw b son b Roberts ... ...... 9 Podmore 0 NY. Richardson lbw b . _ . . A

H. Coop c 'rurton b Pod- Hewetson 0 more 2 W. Turton c add b IC. S. Eaton b Connor 7 Hewetson - 27 S. Eaton b Cresswell 74 Cress well not out Wilson ci Hawtin b ... J. Thompson•b liewet- • o

Connor _ _ 0 son 2 Roberts o Carson b J. Callon oA. Eaton b Cresswell 4 Hewetson Hevvetson not out Watson b Cresswell Extras

Extras lO

Total 126 Total (for 8 wkts) 104 BOW LINO ANALYSIS. ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. Creswell 15.5 339 4 Roberts lB 537 1 Thewlis 7 2 15 1 Hewetson ... 20 9 31 5 W.H.Podmore S 129 2 P.S. Kershaw 5.2 022 1 E. A. Connor 15 639 3 G. Radcliffe 3 1 4 0 PRESCOT V. ST. HELENS RECS.—Pluod at Prot on Saturday. Scote :—St. Helens Rees, 188 ; Prescot, 111. NEWTON V. EARLESTOWN.—PIayea at Newton OD Saturday. Score :—Newton, 108; Earlestown, 82. WARRINGTON 2ND V. ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE 2ND.— Played at Warrington on a slow wicket. —Score : WARRINGTON. ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. E.Pierpoint bliumphreys 1 J. Wrigley b Callon ... 5 E. E. Wood c Poundal' G. Gairside c Lowe b • b Humphreys T. Wright c Smethurst .1. E. Wright c Woods h Drew .. .................. 18 b Plinston H. Callon b Humphreys 11 A. Poundal' not out W. Hind b Humphreys... 0 J.Drew c Hind b Callon 6' J. T. Cliff b Humphreys 0 E. J. Balkwill c Hind b 1;. H. Lowe c Smethurst Callon lO b Humphreys H. Dolan b Humphreys 24 J. Humphreys b Callon 0 D.Plinston b Humphreys 4 A. Cordiugley not out 0 R. G. Pierpoint not out 2 W.Bennett b Humphreys 0 Extras

Extras --

Total 74 Total (for 7 wkts) ... 47

MESSRS. PETER .WALKER AND SON, LIMITED, v. WIDNES 2ND.---Plas.ed at Arpley on Saturday. Score WIDNES. WALKER'S BREWERY. F. Bingham b Dargan 8 J. Dargan c Whitfield b T. Callon run out ' 0 Warne 2l W. Lees b Norman J. Liptrot c and b J.Cain c Liptrot b Pile 48 Dargan 2l W. Norman bilingham 6 A. Hartland st. Cook b E E. Allen b Liptrot 0 Allen J. H. Pilo c and b E J. Mulloy b Pile 0 Allen 0 W.Baird not out 3 W. A. Hague b Dargan... 2 T. Allen c Warne b C, Whitfleld c Cook b E. Hartland Allen H. Benbow b Dargan 0 T. Warne not out L. Lees bE. Allen Extras 2

Extras

Total... ...... 44

Total 1 lS

BREWERY "'NlL—Played on MERSEY V. WALKER'S the Mersey ground, and mated in an easy win for the home team. Score : 'itirAtifry • WALKER'S. W. Wright c Hower b R. 'lnight c Parr b Lee 5 Cundell 0 ,W. Morris lbw b Messiter 14 A. Price b Cundell 0 G. Rutter a Titchard b F. Gerrard b Rutter— 5 Alessiter H. Cross b Mc ssiter J. Downs b Messiter 3C. Lee b Cundell A. Woods not out C. Cross b Messiter J. Cundell run out ll b Wright C. Turner b Lee l2 .1. Pritchard h Wright 2 P. Foy b Messiter 1 J. Kelly b Wright ...... 6 J. Parr c Cain bAlossiter 7 E. Dower not ont ...... n. Extras -- - Total ' 98 Total ...... 38

" GUARDIA'S" OFFICE V. LOWTON PARISH CHURCH.—PIayed at Arpley. Scores : LOWTON PARISIf CHURCH. "GUARDIAN" OFFICE. T. Hilton c Cliffe b C. C. Burrell c Heath b Woodhead 25 Aspinall 6 J. Am:linen c Sankey b J. Moss c Eckersley b Fell A. Bennett c Moss b Fell 1 J. Woodhead a Heath 1 A. Gleaves c J. Woodhead b Bennett 0 b Fell 0 W. Fell b Aspinall 3 It. Heath cJ. Woodhead W. Haddock b Aspinall 0 bC. Woodhead H. Toooe o J. Woodhead Aspinall b C. Woodhead J. Eckersley a and b C %V Kimberley bAipinall 6 Woodhead 2 P. Cliffe o Heath b A. Bull bC. Woodhead 0 Aspinall J. Ormsbaw C. Woodbead B. Forster at Heath b b Fell 0 Aspinall H. Ormshaw bC. Wood- R. Lonsdale b Aspint.ll 0 head G. Mitchell not out 1 Extras

Total 4l

Total

Two Bristol girls nre on remand charged with attempted suicide. They tied their aprons together and walked into a pond, from which they were rescued by a constable.

Everybody knows that

===== 0002601_19060519_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
- • I y

is an admirable food,

the ni-(;;;;- —a—nd most nutritious beverage for the breakfast table. It is made in a moment with boiling water or milk, and its sustaining qualities are

Invaluable to all.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 19, 1906.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
he BEST £5 Keyless Watch, is

===== 0002601_19060519_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
BENSON'S

Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1/1i ($6 pil:s) & 2/9 (168

/he COlll

J. H. DOVENER & CO.'S, Ltd. !J ONCE USED SAG KS, Best and Cheapest for POTATOES, CORK, &c. °

i('CIT won a m zi. o on derfulA ita:p6re, ' of BO Dale&t e ?: eel: adu i reosdeoruvr. atuhoew Ipoe .%.tibi et, log with %Inciting. GOLD MEDAL. EXHIBITION HIGH EST AWA !WS. 0 u •n ga„,2rd5:5a;,,,,,,-,s,,;rbonmolon6;:torts .... London

.--0) TO Frames, Tyres. Wheels, Ac.h2lf -vice; ALL. ao per cent. less than other makers. BO.PAGE Agents Wanted. ILLUSTRATED, Duni miss sending P.c. tur r-rrr Lr 4. CATALOGUE.

7

===== 0002601_19060519_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r

: ':;;

===== 0002601_19060519_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
bia.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERPRESS PRINTING

FETES, TEA PARTIES SERMONS MEETINGS &c., PROMPT DELIVERY, PRICES REASONABLII.

PROGRAMMES CONCERTS SOIREES BALLS

FOB

AUCTIONEERS CATALOGUES, ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. REPORTS AND BALANCE-SHEETS, PAMPHLETS, TRADE CATALOGUES, AND GENERAL PRINTING

INVOICE S, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern on hue, white or fanly paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

(lIRCLARS in the neatest style, trotu modern k / type, and of the best workmanship.

pROGRAMIN ES for Entertainments, Concerts sm., In the latest artiste style.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIP/ lON BOOKS Printed, Bound, numbered" and Perforated to order.

fI ANDBILLS. in large or sranll quantities, cheap and effective.

ITYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of song. Festivals. Sce.

CATALOGUES for Public mil Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

FoRICN: Lisrs Printed on card or paper Inns tested, It required.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

PRIN7 ING.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

IN ALL ITS BRANCHES.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
CONCERTS. BAZAARS. MEETINGS.

DANCBS:

SETIVICRS, TEA PARTIES, ANNOUNCEMENTS.

SVOIITS.

Attention Is Invited to onr NEM FOUPIS OP TYPH au d W OOD LRTTRR for Large Posters. FOR ALL KiNDSIOF PRAT FOSTERS EXTRA LARGE RIM 40 a 60 One Sheet.

JOHN WALER & CO. " %AMMER " OF FICEIWARRINGTON

IkT'TN 9 "' 0 .1 ELEFEO/;11 Ni 0. •.e.) 1. •

•

===== 0002601_19060519_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Circles

Whoie‘ale Prices. Cycled. Motors el all Acce“Qrica,

6,500 New and Second- hand Machine: actua:i stock.

CYCLES from 25:.•

B.S.A. and Eniiic's b:rvei bargains oifticd. Free. ITARRILOW co. AIARL, L:i7i

WESTONTS--/

===== 0002601_19060519_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Crosfied M.P., and Religious. Teaching. .

Sir,-1 have recently and again yesterday morning, received letter from some friends of mine in Warring- ton who are anxious about the question of Denomina- tional Religious teaching in schools, and amongst them are some Catholic friends, who, for that reason, asked sue to oppose the second reading of the Bill (for which I voted an hour ago). Without travelling over much of the ground that will be quite familiar to your readers, still as this Bill is of paramount importance, it may not be out of place to emphasise a few of the more important statements that have been made in the debate. First of all we have Mr Chamberlain's frank avowal that the Bill of 1902 gave cause for great dissatisfaction amongst the Non-con- formists, and that if in his opinion this dissatisfaction was exaggerated, still an amount of passionate resent- ment was aroused against this Bill, which, as he frankly says, would have compelled any Government to alter it. The two general principles of popular control and abolition of tests for teachers, subject to whatever qualification there may be in Clause 4 are the main principle and basis of the Bill in regard to the teaching of religion in schools. I cannot but think the import- ance of Clause 4 has been entirely under-rated by some of my friends who have written me. It has been remarked in the course of the debate that the power of a new democratic Parliament like that which has been called into existence—its power to make concessions in the interests of particular denomina- tians—is by no means unlimited. Quite true, but I venture to repeat that Clause 4 is a concession of great importance. and Mr. Birrell's most emphatic assurances that it is intended to be an absolute working reality make me very hopeful that the main additional concession in this connection, for which Mr. Redmond pleaded yesterday afternoon in a closely reasoned, forcible, and at the same time eloquent and impassioned speech will be conceded in the Committee stage. To make matters clearer perhaps I had better quote the opening lines of Clause 4. "4.—(1) A- load education authority may afford extended facilities for religions instruction of some special character not permitted under section fourteen of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, in any transferred voluntary school in an urban area,l by permitting the religious instruction given in the school to be instruction of that special character, notwithstanding anything in that section, if an Lapplication is made to them for those extended facilities, and if they are satisfied after holding a public local enquiry with reference to the applica- tion.— (a) that the parents of at least four fifths of the children attending the school desire those facilities; and (b) that there is public school accommodation in schools not a ffected by a permission given underl this section for the children attending the school whose parents do not desire those What Mr. Redmond and Mr. Dillon have urged is that in the first line the word " shall " be substituted for the word " may ;" an I am firmly convinced that if the cogent and eloquent speeches that have been delivered in this debate could have been delivered in Warrington there would have been few of any Denomination who would object to the clinching of the nail by that altera- tion : because it, will simply confirm in practice what Mr. Birrel I emphatically declares is his deliberate pur- pose, namely, that the teaching and, as it is called, the "atmosphere " in the Catholic, and Jewish schools too, shall continue as heretofore. Mr. Redmond in his speech this afternoon snoke of the causes which have led to so many very poor Irish Catholics earning their livelihood In England, and this is a fact which I think should and will appeal to all Englishmen who try and take a broad- minded end tolerant view of the question. Mr. Morley said in effect the other day that the claims of these pocir Irish Catholics had been specially considered in Clause 4. On the other hand it must be emembered that given the same Requisition by the parents of four- fifths of the children it is open to any Protestant denomination to demand denominational teaching on the same lines. Let us hope and believe that as a general rule the very large majority will do nothing of the kind ; that Protestants will make commea cause together, seeking not to sow sectarian difference and preindice in the minds of the children, but to avoid doing so. In conclusion, may I say that after listening to the main part of the debate this week, I feel that a great effort has been made to meet the claims and wishes of every class of the community. If the extremely iriport- ant concessions in the direction of denominational teaching that are offered now are not appreciated in the country, then I feel very certain the future alternative will not be in the direction of concessions to vet larger demands. Because if people see that real efficiency in the matter of Education is being sacrificed to sectarian bickerine, that will inevitably in the long run produce a re-action in favour of that secular teaching to which Mr. Chamberlain so significantly alluded in his enig- matical speech this week. Another curious allusion in that same speech of his was to his maiden effort in the House, delivered thirty years ago on the same subject, when he declared in the first place that" if priests and parsons would withdraw , their influence there would be no religious difficulty." Well, our clerical friends are no doubt as much entitled to divergence of opinion among themselves as are mere politicians, hut it is an encouraging sign to see how many enlightened men among them are nowadays anxious to assist in bringing about a peaceful settle- ment of this great and important question.—Yonrs.etc., A. H. CROSFIELD. London. May 11th, 190 G.

P.S.—T I may add one word personally it is to say that both this week I have to the best of my ability urged upon Mr. Birrell and other responsible men the above modificstion of Clause 4 in committee, and that some months since I did in the same wav all I possibly could as a new corner to the House to fulfil as T have fulfilled the nssuntnces in this connection which I gave during the election.

Sir,—Since I wrote von last Thursday night (or to be accurate, last Friday morning) I have read the speech delivered in Warring.ton by LORD HUDII CECIL. Needless to say that distinguished Statesman is missed on both sides of the House of Commons, where his brilliant intellectbas been universally admired. No abler critic of the Government's Education Bill could have been found to champion the cause of its opponents in Warrington. And yet if a careful comparison is made between Lord Hugh Cecil's speech and the speech delivered by Mr. Charles Parker at the annual meetings in connection with the Warrington Free Church Council. and to which you drew marked and most well deserved attention in your last issue, and, may I add, the com- prehensive. clear-sighted and admirable' letter which appeared in last week's papers from my friend, Mr.; George Walker, it will be clearly seen on which side the weight of argument in the true cause of Education lies, and how untenable Lord Hugh's position really is. These are the days of the "snapshots" of the London " ha'penny " morning papers on this sid of the "Herring Pond," and of men headlines which are often all that busy people find time to read, so they say, in the great Republic on the western side of it. But perhfips in view of the enormously momentous issue at stake it will not he overstepping the mark if one respectfully advises all interested in this Education controversy to read the two or three columns above referred to which fairly state the two sides of the question, subject to such concession as the Government is likely to make next week in committee. Already we are being threatened up here with the action of the Lords, and in order that the time aid money of the Nation and of Parliament should not be thrown away it is only too necessary that we have a strong backing of popular opinion determined to stand no nonsense and to see that this great effort of Mr. Birrell's should not be stultified and thrown away. Quoting a few lines from Mr. Wnlker's letter, he says "Surely the advantages offered by the Bill are are not to despised by the Churches. Itnrovides for religious teaching in every school. It allows definite religions teaching in Church schools two days a week. It leaves the Church in full possession of her schools. keens them in repair for her and Pays about ,E 500.600 annual rent for use of same. And vet the Bill is described as an Act of con- fiscation, spoliation and robbery by men who ought to know better to audiences who have not time Or disposition to form an opinion for theireselves. All this strife and bitterness is on the part of those who put the Church before the child, to secure or otherwise the privilege of teaching creeds and dogmas to the children of from four to fourteen Years of age in attendance at our elementary *schools. practically the children of the labouring classes." In the face of this how absurd to pretend that Mr. Birrell has not made a genuine effort to study the wishosand interests of the Established Church as for as it is possible for him to do so having regard to the general fundamental principles of the Bill. EDUCATION AND FREE TRADE. Turning to another matter, does it uot strike one as rather a pity that Some of our clerical friends .who did their best at the election to get rid of ":the evils of Free Trade "should not have improved the occasion of Lord Hugh's visit, by asking him for a little dissertation on the ceneral depression of trade in recent times, and Particularly in the great staple industry of Lancashire, the cotton trade, making special allusion to the short hours, which one would expect under this misguided Free Trade system, the slackness of demand, and the falling off in foreign exports. And if these friends of ours reply, "What on earth has that to do with Education? I think the connection is a little closer than they may imagine, for after all cheap prodrction has had everything to do -with the enormous and amazing development of the

Lancashire cotton trade, which, with the single excep- tion of agriculture I believe, affects the well being of the masses of our population (and therefore of their children) more than any other industry in the country. However much we may differ on other points in this educational controversy, there is I take it a general concensus of opinion that a good physical foundation is the first essential for really satisfactory mental development, that so I think a little homily from Lord Hugh on the advantages of cheap and plentiful food and clothing for the children, and what he, like the Liberal party, holds to be in other respects the immense advantages of Free Trade to us in England would have been peculiarly appropriate to the audience he was addressing in the Parr Hall.—Yours &c.. A. H. CROSFIELD, London, May 17th, 1906.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

Warrington have opened their season with a draw, this unsatisfactory result being the outcome of their match with Ashton-under-Lyne. In a sense they were lucky to be able to play out time whilst on the other hand there was the probability of ultimate victory had the match been concluded, as Bibby, the last man to take his stand at the wicket, was in a hitting humour, and when in such a vein he is capable of running up I a respectable score. Ashton batted first and scored I 120 runs, a by no means large total. Connor and Creswell were the most successful bowlers, taking respectively three wickets and four wickets for 39 runs scored off the deliveries of each.

When Warrington came to bat they shaped badly and four wickets In ere down for 27. It lay to Hawtin and Turton to improve matters and the score was carried to 73 before they were separated. Hawtin was res- ponsible for 25 placed to his credit as the result of patient cricket Turton also played careful cricket and had passed his colleague's score by two runs when he also was dismissed. Cresswell and Bibby made a stand as the last pair ,to be associated and when time put an end to the game they had carried the score to 101-22 less than the Ashton total.

The second eleven were robbed of a victory bv the lateness of the appearance of the Ashton-under-Lyne second contingent on the Arpley ground. The match started an hour late and when play closed Ashton with . seven wickets down were 27 arrear, with a total score of 47. For Warrington Wright and Dolan were the outstanding batsmen and scored respectively 18 and 24. Wright was evidently troubled by his injured ' hand—which placed him hors-de-combat all last season—but his exhibition was the best of the after- noon. Dolan was nervous at the commencement but when thoroughly set played a forcing game and scored freely. Ashton-under-Lyne were largely dis- missed by H. Callon who on Saturday's form deserves his place on the first eleven.

Widnes 2nd eleven received a severe shock when they visited the Walkers Brewery ground on Saturday. Batting first they scored 41, the last four wickets being taken without a run being scored. Walkers responded with 118 for seven wickets, Cain (48) Cook (30 not out) and Dargan (21) being the principal scores. Darg,an appears to be a useful all round man as with the ball he took three wickets at little cost.

Sankey Wire Mills' splendid victory over High Legh was la,r4gelv due to F. Burton who took six wickets for 15 runs. The other bowler also reaped a good harvest his four wickets costing only 20 runs. With the bat IL W. Cook headed the list of scorers with 23, followed by Whitfield (25), Taylor (13) and Hawthbm (10).

The brothers Taylor, who assist Moore and Dares- bury were in great form on Saturday taking between them nine wickets for 15 rims. Harry Taylor was the. most successful, dismissing six of his opponents and having seven runs scored off his bowling. As a result of such splendid work with the ball Latchford Baptists were only able to score 20 in reply to a total of 69.

The "Guardian " team Isi a closer fight with Lowton Parish Church, over whom they were victorious by 13 runs. The feature of the game was the batting of Hilton whose 25 was 6 higher than the score of Sankey, top scorer for the winning team.

Ten runs separated Penketh and West Derby 2nd, the Liverpool team holding the advantage. With the exception of Dumbell (19 not out) the Penketh team by no means distinguished themselves with the bat. On the attack U. Davies took four wickets at a cast of two runs each.

--- Widnes Secondary School were no match for the local secondary school and were easily defeated. None of their players reached double figures whilst Mee's 21 for Warrington was within two of their total score. Their failure was due to the excellent bowling of Whitehouse and Nield who were both in fine f rm.

To be dismissed for a total score of runs is exceed- ingly humiliating, but such was the fate of Widnes White Rose at the hands of Grappenhall. They could do nothing with the bowling of Watson who formed the nucleus of a good average by taking six wickets for one run. Grappenhall improved on their opponents' score by 60 runs.

Low scoring was the order in the match between Warrington Co-operatives and Penketh Friends' school, the scholars being defeated by eight runs.

As expected the first works competition was extremely exhilarating. Greenall Whitley batted fist and scored 37 to which Whitecross responded with 43. At ons stage the winners were four wickets down for' under ten runs but the later players adopted slogging tactics which enabled the team to win. To-night's (Friday) match is between Smethurst's and Cheshire Lines.

To-day Warrington enter upon their League pro- gramme, and St. Helens will he the visitois to the Arpley ground. The match should produce a keen struggle.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL TO PIECES.

"All to pieces." This is a form of complaint we often hear of—the system out of condition, temper uncertain, so that the slightest irritation gets on the nerves, rest- less, no appetite, no sleep that is refreshing. Now what is wanted iesomething to pull you together. Get Gwilym Evans, Quinine Bitters, and you will soon find that it will pull you together end that you will be all right again. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters will do you aood, for it contains everything necessary for lighting wasting disease. There is no doubt about it. Only taken in time, it will ward off many serious illnesses. Gwilym Evens' Quinine Bitters strengthens that part of the system which is weakest or has been weakened by disease, and therefore more liable to colds and their attendant ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters purifies the blood, and stimu- lates the circulation, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters assists and promotes digestion, and improves the appetite. Gwilym Evans, Quinine Bitters braces the nerves and fortifies the muscles. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters rouses the sluagish liver, and thus enlivens the spirits. Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters ,1 removes all impurities and obstructions from the human body. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters gives tone to the whole system.

There is no secret about Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. Only Dame Natute's secrets to be found in Sarsaparilla, Burdock, Gentian, Lavender; Saffron, and Dandelion, Scientifically combined with a suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose. Far and wide spread the blessings of Gwilvrn Evans' Quinine Bitters, the World's Tonic for Suffering Humanity, the Best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion. Weakness, Nervousness,Loss of Appetite,Low Spirits,Sleeplessness, Chest Affection, and Influenza. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is entirely vegetable, and contains no mineral substances which give future pain and trouble. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is equally achipted to all ages and conditions. Thousands have been perman- ently cured by Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters when all other remedies have failed. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters gives strength to the weak, health to the sick, mad enjoyment of life to all. Do not be persuaded to take any substitute for Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, but in your own interest, and for your own self-protec- tion, see that the name " Gwilym Evans" is on the Label, Stamp and Bottle, of indignantly refuse any Label, Stamp and Bottle, and indignantly refuse any preparation offered as a substitute for it. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles 2s, 9d., and I 4s. 6d. each everywhere, or will be sent, cerriage free, on receipt of stamps, direct from the Sole Proprietors : , Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, I Lla.nelly, South Wales.

! HONESTY REMANDED. An English lady who had arrived at Calais by the , Dover steamer, bn coming out of the Customs House, I discovered to her consternation that she had lost her I handbag containing about £2OO in notes. She went to the police office to give information of her loss, and I whilst she was there a porter named Maillot came to ' the office with the bag, which he had found on the quay. . The lady rewarded him with £5.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 19, 1906

being the proud possessors for the first time of the Northern Union Cup,and in being champions of the South West Lancashire Leaguejon two wicasions. In addition to this, of course, they had to add the excellent success of the" A" team in their Combination and League matches. As he did not score any of the tries himself or drop any of the goals which contributed to their success in the past, they would understand that it was impossible for him to imagine that it was because he waspresident that they had done so well. (Laughter.) He had held the position of president for a long time and certainly considered it was time he retired. .They had many excellent supporters of the club who could well fill the position' and he was pleased to see that they had that night before them for president one of their oldest members, a staunch supporter of the club, an honoured and old official, and one who had occupied the office of secretary and also of their representa- tive upon the Northern Union League for some years. He was sure Mr. Warren would make a most excellent president being such an old and staunch supporter of the Warrington Football Club, and he hoped he (Mr. Warren)would occupythe position with their fullest con Hence and good wishes for years to come. In thanking the committee Mr. Neil said he thought one would have to go a very long way indeed to find a better Football Committee in the North of England. Their services were entirely given freely, and one and all were most enthusiastic and honest in their desires to benefit the club. He could assure them that though not their President his interest in the club would not diminish. He would do his level best to help wherever he possibly could or assist the officials in carrying out any schemes or work for the club's benefit—as it really would be impossible for him to forget the pleasure which be had had in being connected with the club. He sincerely hoped that it would be the pleasure of the new President to have the honour of regaining the Northern Union Cup at a very early date on behalf of the club. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19060519_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

ANNUAL MEETING.

Criticism of the Committee and the Northern Union.

There was a large attendance at the annual meeting of the Warrington Football Club which was held at the Co-operative Hall, Sankev-street, on Thursday evening under the presidency of Mr. W. R. Neil (retiring president). Amongst those present were:—Messrs. Henry Ashton (hon. secretary), T. Pemberton (hon. treasurer), T. Locker, T. Barnes. W. Hewitt, T. Bowers, T. Davies and W. Nevins (committee.) THE SEASON'S WORK. COMMITTEE CRITICISED. THE BATLEY CLIP MATCH.

The SBCRETARY'S report and treasurer's statement of accounts which appeared in last week's " Examiner " were submitted. _ . _

Mr. S. WRIGHT moved their adoption. He was sure that as far as the committee were concerned the past season had been a very arduous one and the position in which they were placed was a somewhat thankless one. There were many causes for the reduction of their balance by £3OO but he hoped the members would not attribute the falling off to any want of exertion on the part of the committee. In his opinion the blame did not lie with the officials of their club but primarily with the Northern Union. The attitude of the Union during the past few years, would in his view, cause plenty of clubs to be in a state of bankruptcy before long. Owing to the change of the league the first team had no fewer than five away matches in succession last season. Was it any wonder Ithat their gates went down and that interest began to wane? When they had so many away matches in succession defeat was generally the result and the spectators naturally began to fall off. Unless some drastic measures were taken by the Northern Union his opinion was that Rugby football would die out. When Mr. Warren was at the head of affaim the Union seemed to think more of the game. He tYought to-day the officials of the Union were simply looking after them- selves or their own clubs instead of looking to the wel- fare of the game. He was pleased Mr. Warren had been nominated as president of the Club and if he were elected he might be able to bring his influence to bear to induce the Northern Union to revert to the methods which made the game popular and kept their exchequer in a satisfactory state. Until they got men who would take an interest in the game for the games' sake Northern Union football would never prosper as it had done. He hoped they would not discredit the committee for the position the club was placed in. Never since he had been connected with the club had they experi- enced such a chapter of accidents as during the past season. The only point in connection with the working of the committee that he could find fault with was the selection of the team for the Northern Union cup match at Batley. (Applause.) They might have made an error in choosing the team. (Hear, hear). He btlieved that in cup-tie matches they wanted men in the team who had had practical experience of their positions and the club might perhaps not have lost close upon £3OO if a little bit more discretion had been exercised in the selection. He was not, however, going to condemn the committee for the sake of one error. He thought the officials had worked hard and, deserved the thanks of the members. (Applause.)

, Mr. A. Dcautoßinsfieconded. Mr. C. HotTaT said probably no one would differ from the report in regard to the result of the season's working but he thought they would with regard to the pauses to which the result was attributed. It appeared to him that for some years past the Warring- ton Club had got into a groove. During the first part of the season the team played most erratically and by the time half the season was over all chance of honours in the league had gone and they only seemed to pull themselves together for the cup ties. The past season had not been any different in this respect from its pre- decessors, except that the malady had been present in a more acute form. They were in the position of holders of the cup and they were looking forward to having some compensation in the cup-ties. They certainly thought they would not relax their hold on the cup without a stiff fight. When they saw the team which appeared in the field at Batley they were simply astonished and he thought they were entitled to some explanation from the committee. Unless they had an explanation they could not acquit the committee of mismanagement of the match. It might be said that it was not fair to point to a single match but the Batley match was the crucial one of the season and no experiments ought to have been tried for that match. (Applause.) They had had a most disastrous season and a strong effort ought to have been made to compensate for it. The match was the most disappointing they had had for years. They could have put in the field a team equal to any in the Union. (Applause.) He did not blame the players but the cemmittee who had placed them ,in their positions. This was not the first time ' such a thing had occurred as there was a similar incident twelve months ago. He hoped the , voice of the meeting would be so emphatic that no I matter what committee was in office they would not dare to experiment in such an important match again. Mr. Hoult strongly advocated the adoption of a definite scheme of training for the players under an experienced man. He was told it would cost money—but they had dropped £l,OOO this season. The lack of training, he thought, accounted for the erratic form in the early part of the season. Mr. Honit added his protest against the Northern Union methods of the last few years. Mr. CHALM Ens protested against the committee having in the Batley match selected a man to play in a position which he had never occupied before in his life —(applause)—when they had other men who were used to that position. If the Committee had made up their minds to lose the cup they could not have acted more unwisely. Mr. PETER NORM AN thought that if it had not been for the short-sightedness of the committee in the selection of the team a great deal of the £l.OOO which 'they had lost would have been to their crodit. There was an old saying that " you can be at a job too long" and he thought it applied to the committee who seemed to have got it into their heads that no one know any- thing about football but themselves. He thought in the interests of the club they ought to have a change. The CHAIRMAN said he had a very high opinion of the committee, no matter what mistakes they might have made. Mr. JEFFERY referred to the regret expressed by Ma. Ashton in his report that the players had not reaularly attended the Friday nights' players' meeting. He would like to know whether attendance at those meetings was essential and if so whether as the players were quasi- professional they could not be forced to attend. Mr. AstiToN said it was essential that the players should attend the meetings. During the season and I especially during the cup-ties they wactically sacrificed j the whole of their evenings to football for a paltry 15s. 1 a week. Were they to be; forced to attend the Fylay night meetings? ("No.") It was not to be exp ted. A professional trainer had been tried in the past but had ; not been a success. The committee were capable men - and he did not think it would be wise to have a trainee. i Replying to other criticism l he said he did not think it ' wise for him to say much with regard to the constitu- tion of the team for the Batlev match. There is an old i saying" Man proposes but God disposes." The corn- vi mittee proposed that night, as they thought in their wisdom, after nearly three hours selecting the team— (laughter)—and the committee next season might be just as liable to err. He would like to say a word with ' regard to the training of players during the summer months. There seemed to be a feeling in the town that some of the players on the team were receiving ptyment uring the sunimer months. That was a pure fabrica- tion on someone's part as not a single player had been paid during the summer months. He personally had tried hard to get the players to train, but whatever inducement they were offered they would not turn out. (Applause.) A member asked for an explanation from the com- mittee as to how it was that players like Roscoe and Allen had not been signed on. He told a member of the committee that other clubs were after these meu and they were allowed to go. Mr. ASHTON gave the desired explanation. Mr. T. BARNES: lam now prepared to face the music. In the past I have been free with my criticism and I am glad to find that to night the members have been profuse in their criticism of the Committee. Con- tinuing he said the disasters of the season could not be ascribed to the Committee but to injuries to players. He would point out that an important point in the Batley match was that they were without Shugars and Boardman. In regard to the selections of a certain player experiments had to be made. (A voice: "Not in cup ties.") If Warrington had won nothing would have been said. It would have been all right. (A voice: "It would not have been all right." Another voice: "We are going to make an experiment with and laughter.) It was said that be wthaesCreosmpomnistitbele" responsible for that player being on the team. He could tvsure them it was nothing of the kind. (Laughter.) The man was in that position through a misunderstanding. (" Oh "and " Rats.") He was telling ' the truth and he was not responsible for the man being : ou the team. VIES admitted that in the Batley match the Committee had made a mistake—(applause)—but there was a misunderstanding. Winning the toss won Batley the game as much as anything as the goals scored in ' the first half could not have been scored had they been : playing against the wind. (Hear, hear.) ' One member suggested that to encourage training monthly handicaps should be held. The reports were approved. , As the Chairman was suffering from a severe cold, the SECRETARY read a statement which Mr. Neil had pre- pared. He thanked the members sincerely for the honour they had done him in having appointed him president not only for one year but for several years past. It had been an extremely great pleasure indeed to him to have held such a position, more especially as during those years the club had had some luck, viz., in

--- Jae-

• -

• 1,

===== 0002601_19060519_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

Alderman TrNsto:c and Mr. J. E. WNEREN had been nominated for the position of president of the club, but Mr. Ashton read a letter from Alderman Tinnion in which he said" I know of no position which 1 would value more highly but at the same time I think it undesirable that the office and honour should be put to competition but that it should be conferred by the unani- mousvote of the members.l also think it would be a mis- take to compete for the position against Mr. Warren. I 1 He is in many ways fitted for the position and I think it would be a suitable acknowledgement of his many valuable services rendered to football in general and to the good old club of Warrington in particular. Therefore I beg to withdraw my name but at some future time I shall be delighted to accept if the mem- bers again deem me worthy." (Applause). Mr. WARREN returned thanks for his unopposed election. He would do all he could to see that the club retained its present efficiency—nay more to see that it was restored to the position of emminence which it occupied twelve months ago. They would take for their motto a text which was hanging on the walls "They go from strength to strength." (Applause.) He hoped it would be possible ta bring about a working alliance with the old Rugby Union something on the lines of cricket with professionals and amateurs. When the split occurred it was urged against those who seceded that what they proposed would lead to pro- fessionalism and would Injure junior football. Those 1 who said that were right. In the rugby game they 1 were all suffering and were cribbed, cabined and con- fined for want of clubs and for his own part he would willingly assimilate the rules of the two Unions and , come to terms such as he suggested. In conclusion Mr. Warren thanked Alderman Tinnion for withdrawifig and I moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Neil for his services. (Applause.) I Mr. J. CRITCHLEY seconded and the vote was heartily I accorded.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
CHANGES IN THE COMMITTEE.

Mr. IL Ashton was unanimously re-elected hon. secretary. Mr. T. Pemberton was re-elected bon. treasurer. , Messrs. Wallington and Webster were re-elected auditors, Messrs. Bowers and Locker were appointed trustees. Mr. WARREN Slid that with regard to the committee the members had a perfect right to make whatever changes they liked but he wished to warn them against running riot. They must remember that they had the same committee when they won the cup. It was proposed by Mr. ASHTON that the number of the committee be increased from six to eight. A suggestion by Mr. S. Wright that " In a multitude tf councillors there is wisdom," brought from Mr. Jeffery the prompt retort that "Too mauy cooks spoil the broth." Mr. J. WHITHAM thought that the committee in making the suggestion thought that if two more members were appointed they would stop on. (Laughter.) The voting resulted as follows :—T. Bowers, 224; T Davies, 131 ; W. Hewitt, 145 ; T. Locker, 144 ; F. Barber, 193 ; W. Chalmers, 153.

HONORARIUMS It was decided to grant honorariums of £35 each to the secretary and treasurer and £5 each to the auditors for their services during the year. I Speaking in support of the proposal Mr. E. V. WALKER said that whatever might be said as to the , actions of the Committee no fault could be found with the standirv, officials. It was generally recognized that the Warrington club had the best officials of any in the Union. (Applause.) DISAPPROVAL OF NORTHERN UNION METHODS.

Mr. G. S:inTit JI:N. moved: "That the Warrington Football Club express their disapproval of the per- centage system as carried out in the season 1905-6 and hope that the old system will be adopted of two points for a win and one for a draw, so that each club may have an at home and an away match with the other clubs in the league."lle pointed out that the Leigh club had only had two league matches with Yorkshire clubs during the whole of the season. Mr. HOCLT seconded. Rugby football was not a dying game, but it was being murdered by so-called improvements. The SECRETARY said the late committee had adopted a similar resolution to the above. The resolution was carried. NOMINATION'S.

Mr. E. OSBORNE and the Rev. H. DUNNICO suggested that the members should have a better opportunity of knowing who were nominated for the various ofliies in futures' The SECRETARY explained that is was formerly the custom to send a list of the names to each member, but in the interests of economy it was now considered sufficient to display the names at the ground. The meeting closed with a vote of thinks to the Chairman.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
INFIRMARY EXTENSION. Cycle Parade to be Held.

It will be remembered that at the annual meeting f Club there was a strong expression of the organization of o t the lN'ar r oi frigot roinD iCoyn ng a fancy dress parade i favour n aid of the Infirmary extension fund. The matter was referred to the committee who have now definitely decided to arrange a parade to be held about July 11th or 21st. An organizing meeting for members of the club and others likely to lend their assistance M the project will be held at the Patten Arms hotel next Friday evening. The business will include the election of officers and appointment of Various sub-committees. It is expected that the arrangements will be taken up with great enthusiasm and that a highly successful parade witil be the result. ! A LEAD FROM PEARSON AND KNOWLES MEN. The following letter speaks for itself:— The Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company Limited, Iron Department. Warrington, May 10th, 1906. George Dakin Esq.,hon. treas., Warrington Infirmary. Dear sir,— Warrington Infirmary Extension ' Since it became generally known that the Board of Management considered it necessary to increase the accommodation of the above Institution, much interest in the scheme has been manifested by the employees of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company. During the past week or two, meetings have been held I in the works, to discuss proposals for raising a sum of money amongst the men, that would represent a fair contribution towards the £15,000 required. After due consideration, it was thought that Five Hundred: pounds would be none too much to ask from the large number of hands employed. And to make it , suggested that the contributions should be spread over fall as lightly as possible upon all concerned, it WAS a period of eighteen months ; and that all employs whose weekly wages are 20s. and over, should consent to the deduction of one penny per week, and all those whose wages are less than 205., to a deduction of one halfpenny per week, or one penny every two weeks. These deductions to be continued over a period of 18 months, commencing on Saturday, June 2nd, 1900. If trade keeps fairly good, this arrangement should pro- duce well over £5OO, but in any case it is safe we think to calculate upon this sum as a donation from the employs of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company: At the meeting of the works Sick Club , Committee, where it was decided to ask the men to ) agree to the above scheme, the members were 1 enthusiastic in advocating the claims of the Infirmary upon the working-men of the town, and hopes were expressed with every confidence, that other works, both large and small, would make a special effort in aid of the fund required. It is known that similar means of raising subscriptions towards the maintenance of the Institution are in vogne in two or three works in the " neighbourhood, but this appeal of course, is for some effort over and above the usual annual subscription.— We are, dear sir, yours faithfully, CHAS. E. BUNCH, THOS. ATHERTON, (Works Managers).

i . •

===== 0002601_19060519_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. J. CHRISTMAS THOMPSON.

Another venerable and respected figure has been removed from our midst by the death of Mr. J. Christmas Thompson, for thirty years headmaster of the Warrington School of Art, who passed away at his residence 17, Bold-street, at 6.15 on Saturday morning. The deceased gentleman was very active for one of his advanced age—eighty-one years— and it was only dur'm the past few weeks that he had been seriously ill. The cause of death was senile decay. By his kindly and sunny disposition Mr. Thompson had endeared himself to a very wide circle and ,in the world of art he was particularly well-known and esteemed. His talents were of a very high order and it afforded him great delight when he saw others making marked progress under his tuition. Although the end was not unexpected, the news of Mr. Thompson's death was received with general regret in the town. His career had been an interesting and useful one. A native of Carlisle, he received his education at the Grammar School of that city. Decid- ing to take up art as a profession he went to the Royal Institution, Edinburgh,in 1813, to study under Sir William Allen, Mr. Thomas Duncan, and Mr. D. 0. Hill. From thence he proceeded to the New School of Practical Art in London and qualified for , the Art Master's certificates. It was in 1855 that he was appointed to the headmastership of the Warring- ton School of Art in succession to Mr. Collinsou. Under his care the institution made splendid progress. When he took over the duties the school was in Academy-place. It soon b,ecame necessary to have larger and better-lighted rooms, and in 1857 the removal took place to the Museum and Library, Bold- street. The change was followed by a great increase of students in the different classes, and in 1861 the school obtained the full complement of local medals (30), and five National Medallions in the succeeding National Competition; while Birmingham with its 902 students against Warrington's 147 was the only pro- vincial school out of 85 competing which obtained the same number. In 1860 89 provincial schools competed for the ten gold medals and Warrington did itself great credit by winning two. Birmingham and Glasgow with many more students on the books only obtained one each. The improved accommodation at the Museum eventually became I inadequate and in 1882 a movement was started for the erection of a new school of art with modern appli- ances, the late Mr. John Crosfield heading the subscription list with the handsome sum of £l,OOO. , The ladies of the special class, acting upon a sugges- tion of Mrs. Pickmere, formed themselves into a committee, and with the Art Department's grant of £5OO, the necessary fund was completed and the handsome building in Museum-street was opened. In 1885 Mr. Thompson retired from the headmastership and his pupils presented him with a token of respect in the shape of his portrait in oils,painted by Mr. H.John- stone, of Manchester. Mr. Thomas Birtles made the presentation and the portrait was subsequently placed in the Art Gallery where it hangs to-day. Mr. Thomp- son was also the recipient of a black and white sea- scape, by the late Mr. George Sheffield, and on July 26th, 1894, on his resignation as art teacher at the Grammar School, was presented with a beautiful silver tea tray from the boys (past and present) and with an illuminated book containing the names of the subscribers. It is a striking tribute to Mr. Thompson's conspicuous ability as an art master thatmany eminent men received their early training from him, including Luke Fildes, J. Warrington Wood. IL Wood. and E. F. Brewtnall. In 1898, Mr. Birtles called the attentionlof Mr. Thompson to a list exhibited in the present School of Art (where he had not been since his resignation), giving the names of a few of the former students, and this information induced Mr. Thompson to compile a complete list of the successful students, elementary and advanced, com- mencing from the establishment of the institution in 1853, to the date of his retirement in 1884. This record wasissued in book form, as well as on large papers, and a copy is exhibited in the entrance hall of the Museum. While enjoying his well-earned retirement Mr. Thompson pursued art as a hobby and many paintings and sketches remain as evidences of his great love for the pastime. Those who were privileged to receive instruction from him at the School of Art will cherish the memory of those days, for Mr. Thompson was never wanting in acts of encouragement am; kindness towards those who persevered He leaves a widow and daughter to mourn his loss. THE FUNERAL. The funeral took place very quietly at the Cemetery' on Monday morning. The Rev. E. C E. Carleton per- formed the last rites and amongst those present were Mr. Robert Dobson (the deceased gentleman's solicitor), Dr. Joseph (his medical attendant),Mr. Josiah Whittle (brother-in-law), Mr. Charles Pi erpoint,Dr. Bowden,Mr. John Geddas, Mr. G. S. Pendlebury (representing the School of Art), Mr. Charles Leigh (Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall, accountants &c.), Mr. John E. Birtles (representing his father, who was a very old friend of the deceased), Mr. J. Rymer Young, Mr. William Fletcher (Whitley), Mr. A. S. Wright, Mr. James Green (Manchester), and Mrs. Atkinson. On the coffin were two choice wreaths, one sent by Mrs. Thompson and the other by her daughter Miss Hylda Thompson. Other wreaths were forwarded by Mr. and Mrs. Geddes and family, Miss Lucy Geddes, Mrs. Cole, Mr. and Mrs. J. Foster Cutler, Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Herzog, Mr. and Mrs. W. Fletcher, Mr. Robert Dobson, The Misses Dobson, Miss Howson, Mrs. Atkin, the Misses Atkin, Mrs. Healey and "Mary," and Mr. and Mrs. Atkinson.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAUTIFUL WARRINGTON. Hints to Hoiieholders.

The following is a copy of a circular which has been, or is being, left, at every house in the borough by the Beautiful Warrington Society :—" To the inhabitants of Warrington. We all strive to keep our homes neat, clean, and tidy. Why not so keep our streets ? We all admit that frequently our streets present an untidy, dirty and unsightly aspect, and we !also agree that much of this is preventible. But What is everybody's business is nobody's business ' I seems to have been the general motto.. We want to ' change this, and so for the benefit of all, the Beautiful Warrington Society appeals to you to regard the street in which you, live in as, in a certain sense, your own, and as you care for your home so to care for your street. Let your street be cleaner, brighter, tidier, and more attractive than any of the neighbouring streets. For your guidance we submit some answers to the question How can I help ?' (I) By not throwing any rubbish from the house. into the street. (2) By seeing that no waste paper gets into the street from the house, and by destroying any waste paper found near the house. (3) By cultivating window plants. (4) By planting shrubs or flowers in front of your house if you have any spice. (5) By not throwing any orange peel, banana skin, &c., on to the pavement or into the street, and by usin,, your influence in preventing others from so doing. (6) By encouraging your children to join the juvenile branch of the Beautiful Warrington Society."

===== 0002601_19060519_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED ANNUAL SHOW.

The present year is the first during which actual practical work is being done by the Beautiful Warring- ton Society, as the Society during the latter portion of last year was opgaged chiefly in the preliminary work. In order to induce the members of the Society to take additional interest in the work, it was decided at a Committee meeting on Monday evening to hold an annual show and the first will he held on Saturday, September Ist. Prizes will be offered for plants and flowers grown by members of the Society, and there will also be exhibits of the plants given to the children by the Society. A leading feature of the Show will be banging baskets and window boxes. This show will no doubt raise the spirit of emulation and do much to spread the popularity of the principles advocated by the Society.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO START A GARDEN,

After the successful meeting held in the Co-opera- tive Hall last week, on the occasion of the lecture by Mrs. Leo Grindon, it would not be out of place to give a few hints on how to start a garden. There are many people (-mite willing to do something to improve their surroundings, by sowing seeds, planting shrubs, or plants, such as stocks, asters, geraniums, etc., but who have not known how to start. These few hints are written with a view to encourage or instruct beginners. , The first matter to consider is the soil. In some 1 cases this may not have been disturbed for years (I know of many such so-called gardens), and if so, it should be well digged and manured, after which it can 1 be sown with seeds of annuals such as nasturtiums, calendula, China or Indian pinks, Frbnch and ei,frican marigolds, nemesia, mignonette, annual chrysanthemums, candytuft, Virginian stock, and many others, which the local seedsmen will supply in penny packets. Sow the seeds rather sparingly, and not too deep. Tnose who wish to purchase plants ready grown, can find a large variety offered for sale in the market, each market day, by the agent to the Society and other tradesmen, at very moderate prices. When going through the market on Wednesday, I found some specimen window-boxes, filled with plants, which I am sure will meet a great-felt want. I also noticed some plants of nepeta glechoma variegate, a very pretty plant for hang- ing baskets and hanging pots. The foliage is of a pretty green and silvery white. This plant grows so freely that in the course of a few weeks the basket or pot will become almost hidden beneath its trailing

stems. The younger leaves and the extremities of the trails are flushed with a pink tint, in addition to the green and white, and the presence of this tint enhances the beauty of the whole plant. It can be used for edging of window-boxes, when it will trail over the front and improve the appearance.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Preachers for Sunday. Bold-street Wesleyan Church,lo.3o Rev. A. C. Parker; 6.30. Rev. S. Pitt.

Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church,lo.3o.Rev.J.Manning; 6.30. Mr. R. J. Moss.

Baptist Church, Latchford,lo.3o. Rev. J. F. Matthews (subject, The vigilant God ") ; 6.0. Rev. J. F. Matthews (subject, " Is man the puppet of fate ?") Baptist Church, Golborne-street, 6.30. Mr. E. J. Guest.

Wycliffe Church, 10.30 and 6.30. Rev. John Yonge.

Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church'.

The Rev. William Mellor preached at this church on Sunday morning, his subject being " Duty." At the ' evenin. service the Rev. Joseph Manning preached on "The temptation." There were good attendances. Master W. Pearce,the " boy organist,' has just received the appointment of organist at the church.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
Closing of St. Paul's Church

After the services at St. Paul's Church on Sunday, the Church was closed for the purpose of renovation, and will remain closed for some weeks. On Sunday the preacher morning and evening, was the Vicar the Rev. W. Bracecamp. A considerable sum of money is to be spent upon the improvement, which has been entrusted to the hands of Messrs. John Hesketh and Son. In the meantime' the services will be held in the new room at the Drill Hall.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe Church.

At Wycliffe Congregational Church on Sunday morn- ing in place of the usual sermon the Rev. John Yonge read to the congregation the address delivered to the Congregational Union last week by the Rev. J. IL Jowett on" The ministry of a transformed Church." In the evening he preached from the words : " Create in me a clean heart, 0 God ; and renew a right spirit within me" (Psalm ii,, 10). There were good congrega- tions.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Peter's Church.

The annual Sunday school services were held on Sun- day, the preacher in the morning being the Rector (the Rev. Canon Willis) who on both occasions addressed large congregations. In the afternoon an address, con- taining some valuable advice was given to the scholars by the Vicar, the Rev. B. Percival. The prizes were afterwards presented by Mrs. Percival to the Young Women's Bible Class and also to the Sunday school scholars. The choir rendered the anthem " Stand up for Jesus." In the evening the service was conducted by the curate, the Rev. Henry Russell.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Special Services at 11111 Cliff e.

Special services will be held at Hill Cliffe Baptist. Chapel on Sunday, when the preacher will be the Rev. Jno. T. Griffiths, D.D., of Edwardsdale, America. Mr. Griffiths is a gentleman who has taken a great interest in the history of Hill Cliffe—the oldest Nonconformist Church in Britain—and last year contributed an able article on the subject to the Baptist Commonwealth." In this he pointed out that the antiquity of the Church can be judged from the fact that in the graveyard there is a tombstone with the date " 1357," and other stones the dates on which span the whole period of the Tudors on the throne of England. Written testimony, he said, could be produced to show the existence of the Church in the Elizabethian period. The visit of the rev. gentleman will arouse considerable interest in locaL Baptist Circles. Wycliffe P.S.A. The weekly meeting of the above Society NTSS held on Sunday afternoon, Mr. R. Mills presiding over a good ;gathering. He spoke upon "Being members one of another" and pointed out that individual service was I needed in carrying on good work. As every member of the human body was needed--the arm, the leg, the ear and the eye—so every faculty of the spiritual man was needed to make him healthy, morally and spiritually. Mr. F. J. Adcock of Manchester was the principal speaker, and he drew useful lessons from Elisba:s life. Elisha was a good man and a helpful man, and the speaker drew attention to the need for good men at the present time—men of character, consistency and grit. Our lives should be unselfish and helpful to the well- being of others. The Secretary read the lessons. Mr. Adcock led the prayer. Mr. W. H. Payton Mus. Bac. presided at the organ, and also rendered an organ solo. The Secretary asked the brethren to assemble in large numbers next Sunday to elect the best officers, for the carrying on of the P.S.A. work for the coming year: Bold-street Wesleyan Church. At this church on Sunday morning the Rev. Joseph Manning preached on" Some aspects Taking for his text the - 49 : they that worship Him nim _ _ in truth "he dealt with the s,etio and the ethi sides of worship. He pointed out that the aesthetica, side had its avdantages and appealed to many minds,but there was a danger of making the services an end in themselves instead of a means to an end. With

regard to the eithical aspect, it made the test of a man's reverence not whether he thrilled at painted windows, solemn music and so- forth,but whether he bowed his soul to justice,mercy and truth. The ethical idea of worship did not mean that it was of no consequence whether the services were hi good taste or not. A simple service might be beautiful. The service which was crude and slovenly did not point to grest spirituality but to want of deep reverence. This ideal involved the best that could be obtained in music and forms of worship—not, however, the best simply to please the artistic sense but because it was for God, and through the best man was most likely to reach God.—ln the evening the Rev. John Gunnell preached.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON.

WEEK ENDING 12TH MAY 190 G.

Correspond jug week 1905.

Total. Male. Female. -Total Births Legitimate „ Illegitimate . 2 1 1 Deaths Excess of births over deaths, 14.

Death rate, 210. Corresponding week 1905, 233. Birth rate, 31.5. Corresponding week, 1905, WO.

Zymotie rate, 22. Corresponding week 1905, 00. The deaths included :--13 from whooping cough, 2 from inftnenza, 1 from phthisis' 1 from cabeer, 7 from lung diseases, 4 from heart diseases, 10 from all other causes.

The following CMOS of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Enteric fever 1; scarlet fever 2•. memb. croup I ; erysipelas 5 ; tuberculous phthisis 2 ; chickenpox 2.

Number of patients in hospitnl :—Scarlet fever, Borough, 5 ; Rural District. 0' • Newton, 4 ; total, 9. Enteric fever, Borough 4 ; Newton, 1; total, 5. Weather return, rnean temperature, 55Fah., and there- fore 10 deg.,higher than the proceeding week. Maximum temperature, 6i Fah. on the 12st inst. Minimum tempera- ture, 42 Fah. on the 10th inst.

Rainfall .47 inch. General direction of wind S.E. T. G. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS.

===== 0002601_19060519_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
The Infirmary and Dispensary.

The Hon. Treasurer begs to acknowle,lge, with thanks, the receipt of the sum of £5 through Mr. Hugh F. Greenough, being half the proceeis of the collection made at the menting of the Provincial Chapter Royal Arch Masons, held on May 4th.

BOWLING.

The draw for the se3oncl round of the County cham- pionship resulted as follows : Heatley and Warburton v. Lymm, at Warrington. Urmston Victoria v. Newton-le-Willows, at Cheetham Temple. Warrington Cemetery v. Irlam, at Kersal. Chorlton Bowling Green v. Peadleton Woolpack, at

...... Oughtrington Park v.. Knutsford, at Griffin, Bowdon. Leigh Railway v. Winaington Park, at Northumber- land Arms, Old Trafford. Cheetham Temple v. Didsbary, at Newton •le-WilloYe Manchester Friday a bye. The draw for the first round of the consolation com- petition was as follows : Bruvdon Griffin v. Middleton Junction, at West Gorton.

Pendleton Bslnioat v. Lower Broughton Limited, at Lord Nelson, tirmston.

West Gorton v. Northonden, at Chorlton Bowling Green.

Kersal a bye.

JoHN WALKER AN r) eo " EXAMINER " OFFICE. • Bewsey Street, Warrington. EVI/LT Dn;SCR 1 PI'ION OF PRINTIN,;. eirenlare Billheafis PrOyMirttlllell Hnvelopes Time Btp•es gic,t3 POA,A.es fly' Rooks HeruibiPs Led.sers P,lo. Usts Deslvery Books Oritrif 130,0 cl Port Csrkis Mein° FOrIUR Letter 800116 unto Parse, Tsgs Reports B.,zaar Handbooks

_ _

===== 0002601_19060519_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
of-idea -wo-r-shiP.- words . God is a Spirit and , must worship Him in spirit and aesthetic - • -

Latest Quotations.

3ANR: RATE 4%. SETTLING DAY 31sT MAY 1906.. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. • BRITISH FUNDS: 2 Consols 21% 100 .89,7 2/% Annnities no .951. 214, Annuities 100 .88, Nt. War Loan Red 1910 lOO .981 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO .991 Bank of England Stock lOO 2891 India Stock 100 .101 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian lOO 110 Glasgow & S.-W. Pref. Vrd. lOO 64 Great Central Deferred lOO .181 Great Central Preferred lOO —3Bl Great Eastern 100 83 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...46 Great Western lOO ...135 Lancashire and Yorkshire lOO ...104 London, Brighton & South Coast 100 ...136 London, Chatham and Dover 100 15 London and North-Western lOO ..158 London and South-Western lOO ...154 Metropolitan lOO ...70 Midland Def. Convd. Ord 100 69 Do. Pref. Convd. Ord 100 67 North British 100 ...44 North Eastern Consols lOO 141 , North Staffordshire lOO ...1001 South Eastern 100 ...88 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific 100 _1651 Grand Trunk of Canada lOO ...271- Do. Guaranteed no _lO2 . Do. let Pref. lOO —llB Do. 2nd Pref 'OO _lOBl Do. 3rd Pref lOO .66,1- BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 .38 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO ..353 London and County 'lO .95 London and Westminster 90 .54f Manchester and County l7 .60 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 ...50 Parrs 'lO ..57 Union of London 151 Union of Manchester ll 26 Williams Deacons S .24 BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffeand Greeton 5% Cum. Prof. ' 100 .114 Bell and Co. Ord lO ..1P Bents Brewery Ord, lO 51' Boddington's Ord 10 .81 Chester's Ord Groves & Whitnal 5 Cum. Pref 10 ...71 Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO —5.10 Manchester Ord. lO .2 Parker's Burslem Ord. 10 .10 • Springwell Ord 10 .71 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO .31 Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum Pref 10 ...10L TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Ord lOO ...60 Nat. Telephone Prof. Ord. 6% lOO ...110 do. Def. Ord. lOO .110 do. let Prof. 6% lO 131 do. 2nd Pref. Minimum 671° lO 111 Nat. relephone Deb. Stock lOO TRAM WAYS. Blackpoo & Fleetw'd Tramroad lO -.121 British Electric Traction Ord. lO 74 Man. Carriage and Tramways A —7l —3O/0 do. do. B 5 ...15/0 do. do. C -.15/0 Southport Tramways 5 3 INDUSTRIALS, &c Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51% Cum. • Prof. 1 15/3 Bleachers Asso. 51 Cum. Prof. 1 22/0 Boy. Ord. (7% Cum.) 1 22/0 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 25/0 Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Prof. 1 21/9 British insulated and Helshy Cables Ord 5 British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Cam. Pref 5 ..6 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. 0rd!.... Brunner Mond and Co.,Ltd. New 10 ...5; Brunner Mona and Co. Ltd. 774 Prof. lO 171

===== 0002601_19060519_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
r-o-s-11-.

Bvxt-o-n-

.14/a -9/6

rre. rrer. 10 —lOl Crosfields, 41% Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO ...101 Crosfield, 4,1'; 'A ' Dehen lOO —9Bl English Sewing Cotton. Ord 1 . ...25/6 • Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO —0 do. do. ' do. do. B 8 ...91 Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ordl ...37/8 Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cum. Pref lO —l2l 4% Dehs. Red. 100 ..98 • Hunters the Teamen Ord. 1 ...34/0 Lever Brothers, 5% Cum. Pref 10 ...12,1 Lipton Ordinary 1 ...22/0 Meldrum Bros. 51 '.: Pref. 1 16/0' Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord. 1 —.53/0 ,do. do 7'/. Cum. Pref. 5 .7 Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5';,, Cum Pref. 1 —.41 Nnntyglo & Blitina 8% Pref. 621 . .81 Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 ...44. do. do. 6% Cum. Pref. 5 .0 Public Benefit Boot 6% Cum. Pref.s ...5 Perrins Ltd. Ord. 1 ...216 Richmond Gas Stove & :Meter Ord 1 ...39/0 Richmond Gas Stove S; Meter 6% Cum. Pref. 5 ...6 Salt 'Union Ordinary 4 .10/8 United Alkali Ordinary lO _6l/3 do. do. 7% Cum. Pref. lO .11 do. do. Deb. lOO .109 Vulcan Foundry 1 ...26/3 Wigan Coal & iron Co., Ltd.... 7l, ...611 , do. do. do. do. do. lO .81 Warrington Laud & Property Co , Ltd. Ord. l,, —l7/6 do. do. do B Shares 7....4 Warrington and Distriet Billpost- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. 1716 ...17/6 SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO . .2516 do. do. do. Perpl. 5"',, Pref 19 .35/3 MINES. British South Africa (Char) 1 ..32/6 ' Charter Trust and Aaency 1 12/9 Cons. Goldfield of S A 1 ...4 East Rand Proprietary 1 .5 Hendersons Johannesburg Consolidated 1 .. 25/0 Kaffirs Consolidated I .20/0

Oceanas l _l6. 'Jo Rand Mines 57- ...6} Rand fonteins t —34/0 Rlmdesia Exploration 1 ..2a Tanganyika I 47 Transvaal Estates 1 _l4/0 Salisbury Buildings The above list and ririces have been compiled by Mess. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Share brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington. and will be found reliable.

Warrington.—Printed and published by JOHN WALfOS et Co., at The Examiner General Printin, workar Bewsey-street, and published by them at die• sarliect place, and also at The Exanither Offices, Victoria-roa NeN'IDNES : 32, George-street, Sr. HELENS: 3, Market- street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street RuiN.moitY, IVISY3 19th. 1906

.

Calico Printers Ordinary I ...14/0 Castner Kellner Alkali I ...22/C Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary .. 'Mid (J.) & Sons, 5% Cam. .„

===== 0002601_19060519_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CHURCH, REWSEY STREET, W ARRTNGTON. SUNDAY NEXT, MAY 20.11 i, 1906. PREACHER: REV. JOHN YONGH. 10.30. and 6.30. USUAL OPTHRTORIH9.

BOLD STRPP,T WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON ON SUNDAY FBXT. MAY 20Y0. At 10.30 Rev. A. 0. PARKER. At 6.30 Rev. SIDNIIIC PITT. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided.

B WbEy ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. RIT N DAI NEXT, MAY nril. 1906. At 10.30 Rev. J. MANNING. At, 6.30 Mr. 9. J. MOSS. All welcome. Hymn Boas provided.

BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY NEXT, MAY 2GTR. Morninß 10 0. R.ening 6.30. Mr. Id. J. GUEST, ILA. J.P. ALL KEATS FHB& /MARTY wincora.

QPIRITUALISM .-DRUIDS' HALL, WARRING- TON.--BUN'DAY NEXT 3 15. R. 30 MONDAY NEXT AT 8. MI9I RUTH SAGE. POPULAR SPEAKER AND CLAIRVOYANT.

TOSVPH CROSFIELD & SONS, LIMITED, P ; WARRINGTON.—q PER CENT FIRST MORTGAGE IRREDRRMAETH DIIRENTURE STOCK. The TRANSFBR BOOKS of THIS COMPANY relative to this issue will be mem) from the 17th to the 31st May Instant (both days inclusive) for the purpose of preparing and issuing Dividend Warrants doe lit Jane. J. R. WARDLE!, Secretary.

CAIRO-STREET CHAPEL. WARRINGTON. A SALE OF WORK (Uarna. AND ORNAMITNTAL) WILL 1313 HELD IN THEI SCHOOLROOM ON THURSDAY NEXT, MAY Ma, OPENING IT 2.30 P.M. BY G. H. LEIGH, ESQ . OF SWINTON. CMAIBMAN: WILLIAM LONG, ESQ. MUSICAL AND OTHER ENTRRTAINMENTS. TEAS. REFRESHMENTS, Aro. ADMISSION Until 5 p.m. 6d. Afterwards free.

HILL CLIFF BAPTIST CHURCH. ON MONDAY EVENING NEXT, MAY 21n, 'SPECIAL SERVICE CONDUCTED BY THE REV. J. T. GraFFITHS, D.D., OF ADWARDSTOwN, AMERICA. TO COMMENCE AT 7.45. HEARTY INVITATION TO ALL.

MR. T J MUSIC IN THB PARK. • • DOWY'S MILITARY BAND, NEXT THURSDAY, 2lni OF MAY, AT 7.15 P.M.

DON'T FORGET THE FREE EXHIBITION OF PICTORIAL PHOTOGRAPHS IN THE MUSEUM ART GALLERY "VT OPEN DAILY FROM 11 TO 10. ()LOSING FRIDAY NEXT, MAY 25TH. CA:V"'OqUE3 333. TEA ROOVI. Music. COUNTY BoßouG IT OF WARRINGTON HORSE PARADE. The PARADE will be HELD on SATURDAY, gTE JUNE. instead of Saturday 2nd June as previously advertised. ENTRIES CLOSE SATURDAY 2ND JUNE. J. FULTON-SMITH, Hon. Treasurer. A. H. MPH, Hon. Secretary.

6, Egypt et., Warrington, EARLESTOWN MAY QUEEN FESTIVAL, 1906. SATURDAY. 26TH MAY. GRAND PROCESSION of TABLEAUX, CYCLISTS, TURNOUTS, Eta. Starting from the Market Ground at 2.30 p.m.. followed by the CROWNING OF QUERN. and the MAYPOLE and OTHER DANCES by 150 trained children in beautiful Costume.. SELECTIONS BY WARRINGTON ENGLISH CONCERTINA BAND, ETC., ETC. For lull particulars see Programmes. Admission :—Seats Es., Is. Ground 6d. For cheap booking arrangements see Bills. PRIZES FOB CYCLISTS, TURNOUTS, CHARACTERS, Eta. COM- PETITORS INVITED. FRANK A. BALL, Hon. Sec.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. PRESIDENT SIR OILBIIRT GRUISNALL, BART. VICE-PRESIDENT: RT. HON. LORD LIGPORD. 17ra ANNUAL SHOW TO EtcrarLD IR WALTON PARK. NEAR WARRINGTON. Onr THURSDAY, 16TEr AUGUST. 1906. PRIZES, CUPS ARD MBDALS VALUE 000. JUMPERS, TURNOUTS. EMIRS% BLUNTBIIS. CATTLE, AC., Ao. PRI77 LIST, &C,, M•lt NOW BE OBTAINED FROM THE SECRETARY, 11. BRIMMED MBLVILL'it. Rotates Office, Bold it., Warringtori.

COUNTY BOROUGH 01? WARRINGTON , EDUCATION 00MMITTR11.—APPLI0ATIONS are "Ivited for the position of RR MISTRRS4,of the Ladies' Behool of Industry (Churnh of lingland Girls' School). Applicants most be College trained. The commencina salary will be at the rate of £llO per annum, rising according to scale. , Applications most be made on the official forms, which. „rogether with a copy of the scale of salaries, may be obtained trom tne undersigned and must be returned to me not later tban the 26th May, 1906. Education Office, Sankey St.. L MOORE MURRAY. 12th May. 1906. Secretary and Director.

BOARD OF BDUCATION. NOTICR.—In the matter Of the WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL, in the County Borough of Warrington, in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester. In the matter of the Charitable Trusts Acts 1853 to 1894 ; Cud In the matter of the Board of Education Act. 1899, and the Board of Edocation (Powers) Orders in Council 1900 to 1902. By direction of the Board of Irducation NOTICE Is hereby Oren that an Order is proposed to he made by them after the P'(Piration of Two Calendar Months from the date of this Notice establishing a SCHEME for the administration of the %hove-mentioned Foundation. Any objections or suggestions respecting the prlposed Scheme may be made to the Board in writing within Two ?Mender months from the date of this Notice addressed to The Secretary. Board of Education, Secondary Schools laranch. Whitehall, London, S.W." A Copy of the proposed Scheme may be inspected free of eat on each week day during 42 days from the date of this OtICP between the hours of 10 a.m. and 4p m. at the Town all and at the Office of the Board at Whitehall. A copy' art be obtained on application at the Head Post Office, warrington or at the Office of the Board at Whitehall. Dated 10th May,1906. W. N. BRUCE. Principal Assistant Secretary Secondary Schools Branch. LANGLANDS' SAILINGS TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. '• PRINCESS LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMER. f_rota LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW WlLirence Dock.) (Berths No. 22-28, North Side). Eat m • —ay 19th 8 p.m. Tues.'May 22nd 2 p.m. "4.36 p.m. May 24th 8 p.m. Sat. May 26th 2 p.m. "4.36 p.m. May 20th 2 p.m. Thurs. May 31st 2 p.m. "5.25 p in. cat. June 2nd 6.30 p.m, Tiles. June 6th 2 p.m. "5•25 p.m. "Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). tteS.Pecial reduced through tickets from Warrington, Widnes u_ORDINARY FARIS EROM LIVERPOOL :—Cabin, Single. 115. • .."Etura (valid for two months)l6s. 6d. Steerage Single,sl. St Pactia. RE•runx TICKETS.—(valid for 10 days) Cabin 141.; "'erne 8.. 3d, N. LANGLANDS AND SONS, 4. CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER. ........7mwonsn PLACE. LIVERPOOL.

THE FAMILY OF THE LATE MR. JOHN 1 SAMPSON THNDBR THBI MBARTFELT THANKS to all the many Friends for their kind sympathy an 4 floral tribute., in their sad bereavement. Norton Arms Hotel, Warrington.

GRANO SUCCESS OF TOOLE'S M ANURE. RECORD SALE LAST SEASON. GRAND RESULTS. Testimonials'for this Seaeon from all the Leading Farmers of the District: SPECIAL CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE. Analysis : AMMONIA sto 6 per cent. PHOSPHATIL 20 to 25 per cent. PRICE .£5 per ton, Free on rails, Warrington. SPECIAL COMPOUND MANURE. Analysis/: AMMONIA—. 3 to 4 periaent. PHOSPHATE 8 tOll2 per cent. PRICE ~£3 Per ton, Free on ritne,',warrington. JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER. WARRINGTON. Telegrams: "Toole, Warrington." National Teephone 222 I

VLOWERS DIRECT FROM SCILLY ISLES South of Prance. And principal growers in Bngland on commission at wholesale prices. MoDERMOTTs Cheapest Man Alive, Wholesale Market, Warrington.

WX.PERIENCEDMaIe and Female NLTEMS at a _l_l4 moment's notice for all oases.—ApplyNllP.SES INI MU- TIOX. Hope House, Hope it.. Liverpool. Telephone 2570, Royal. Telegraphic,, Address. Nurses '

KENT & SON, JEWELLERS SINCE 1760 70, DEANSCIATH (opposite Barton Arcade.) MANCHESTER, ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE OF SPECIILITIEs POST PEER ON APPLIOATION.

H AIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTE I TAILS OF )FRoM HAIR FRAMES, PURR 5/6 FROM 3/6 EACH. NAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LIME ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

MUSIC. EMLYN DAVIES A.R.C.M., The Eminent 11'1_ Baritone, will visit Warrington'each week and is pftw. PARED TO TARE PUPILS IN SOLO SINGING AND VOICE PRODUCTION.—For terms apply OARTREFLE, Stockton Heath, Warrington.

WARRINGTON INFIRMARY EXTENSION • AMOUNT REQUIRED £15,000. THE lIXTENSION COMMITTEE APPEAL for SUBSCRIPTIONS to the Extension of the INFIR- MARY. vIWOI Subscriptions may be paid into any of till Local Banks, or to the Non. Treasurer at the Infirmary. W. PETER RYLAND% Chairman of the Extension Committee, GRORGE DARIN. Hon. Treasurer. May 19th, 1906. MITSI 2 s. d. Colonel R. Ireland Blaokburne, C.B lOO 0 0 Messrs. J. Crosfied and Bons Ltd lOO 0 0 Gerrard L. Dewburst, Esq.. D.L. 100 0 0 George Dakin. Bsq 5O 0 0 John Geddes, Esq , J.P 6O 0 0 Councillor Dr. G. W. Joseph Charles White. Esq., J.P 25 0 0 Messrs. Wm. Robertson Ltd. John Dun, Beg 6 0 0 =Amount previously acknowledged 4.101 15 0 £4,562 1 0

BOWLING GREEN BOWLS, BOWLING GREEN BOWLS. GEO. AND THOS. ROYLE, BOWLS FOR BOWLING GREENS. 42, SACKVILL E-STRE ET, MANCHESTER. Nat. Tetepbone, 2924. SEND FOR PRICES AND SAMPLES.

B. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS TRAVELLING REQUISITES, GLADSTONE BAG (CuW HIDE) From 20s. Od. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. Cd. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL CENTRAL BUILDINGS, 4IA, NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FORM 308 A (NOTICE). EDUCATION ACT, 1902. SECTION 8 (1) LANCASHIFE COUNTY COUNCIL. VOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN in accordance with the provisions of Section 8(1)of the Education Act. 1902, that the County Council of the County Palatine of Lancaster, being the Local Education Authority for the purposes of Part 111, of that Act, propose to provide a new Public Elementary School for about 400 children at Penketh in the County Palatine of Lancaster. The School will be available for the following area : TOWNSHIP OF BOLD. TOWNSHIP OF CUEEDLEY. TOWNSHIP OF PENKETH. TOWNSHIP OF SANKEY. HARCOURT B. ()LAHR, • Clerk of the County Council. Dated 17th May, 1908. Section 8(1) of the Elucation Act, 1902, provides as follows : (1) Where the Local Education Authority or any other persons propose to provide a new public elementary school, they shall give publienotice of their intention to do so, and the Managers of any existing school, or the Local Education Authority (where they are not themselves the persons pro- posing to provide the school), or any ten ratepayers in the area for which it is proposed to provide the yahoo], may, within three months after the notice is given, appeal to the Board of Education on the ground that the proposed school is not required, or that a school provided by the Local Education Authority, or not so provided,as the case may 13., is better suited to meet to meet the wants of the district than the school proposed to be provided, and any school built in contravention of the decision of tide Board of Education on such appeal shall be treated as unnecessary."

• BUY A TuALDEMAR -DIANO ALDEMAR I lANO FROM THE BOLE AGENT, TONI BOOTHROYD, 9, BUBZ BTRBBT, WARRINGTON. The tone, touch and cam-work is all that can be desired, and the price is moderate.

6MOKE LUDLOW'S " OLD BOYS" TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. 6n. PER OUNCE Is. 7n. PER LB. TIN; 6s. PER LB. T. SUDLOW & CO.. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICS ST., WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 414 Y.

TRH EDUCATION ACT, 1902. COUNCIL OF THE COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON AS LOCAL EDUCATION AUTHORITY. ABSTRACT OF ACCOUNTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st, I.IARCLI, 1906.

1111011IPTS. s. d. Borough Rate Grants from the Board of 'Education School Fees Sales of Books. acc. Parents Contributions (Blind and Deaf Schools) 13 14 0 Other Receipts 202 2 5 Total Receipts IL. RBORIFTS. E s. d. Borough Rate Exchequer Contribution Account 917 10 2 Grants from Board of Education Fees 539 14 1 Bale of Books, /tc. . . 111 210 From other Local authorities Other Receipts 67 11 11 -- Total Receipts Amount received for expenditure sanctioned 5,929 15 11 12,719 17 0 RECEIPTS. s. d. Loans : BRlementary Education Higher Vacation :Total Receipts from L0an'......, 15,662 911

EXPENDITURE. 1. Public Elementary Schools : s. d. s. d. Salaries of Teachers 26,094 10 6 Books and apparatus 1.145 12 3 Fixtures and Furniture 339 5 2 Fuel, Light, A n d Cleanin 2,512 5 4 Repairs to Buildings ll9 16 8 Rents, Rates, Ae l5B 17 7 Gymnastic tuition Miscellaneous 5l 16 3 30,590 10 5 Industrial Schools 390 17 0 111. Schools for Blind and Deaf Children IV. Salaries of Meer' other than Teachers VI. Other Expenses of Administration 637 1 11 VII. In Respect of Loans 164 3 7 VIII. Proportion of Fees repald o Managers of Voluntary Schools 640 9 11 X. Other Expenses 22 16 9 -- Total Expenditure .. Balance brought forward do. 31st March, 1906 1,964 17 11 • 36.298 14 4

E s. d, I. Secondary Schools Salaries or Teachers Other Expenses Grant toGrammar School 150 0 0 -- 2,287 19 5 11. Evening Schools : Salaries of Teachers Other Expenses --- 2.742 8 2 111. Scholarships 275 19 6 VI, Salaries of Officers other than Teachers 237 8 6 vol. Other Espenses of Administration In respect of Loans -- Total:Expenditure .... - ... . ..... Balance brought forward 5,488 10 9 do. 31st March, 1906 lBl 10 2 12,719 17 0

EXPENDITURE. E s. d. Elementary Education : Purchase of land and erection of schools Higher Education , Erection of lavatories Total Expenditure from Loans Expenditure sanctioned Balance, 31st March, 1906 15,662 9 11

_ I hereby certlily that I have compared the entries in this Ifinancial Statement with the Vouchers and other Documents relating thereto, end that the Regulations with respect to such statements have beers duly complied with. I hereby further certify that I have ascertained by Audit the olrrectness of inch ststement, and that the expenditure of the Council during the year ended the 31st deY of March, 1903, included in. stic`i stAtern Olt, and allowed by me at the Audit. ii Fifty thousand, six hundred and ninety-one pounds, fourteen shillings and three pence. As witness my hand this 11th day of May, 1935. CHAS. F. JORDISON, District Auditor. J. LYON WHITTI.R. Town Clerk. • JOHN FAIRHURST, F.S.A.A.. Borough 'Treasurer.

LATEST SPRING FASHIONS FOR 1906 IN MEN'S IN GREAT YOUTH'S REEFEP VARIETY OF PATTERNS 1 MEN'S, YOUTH'S ." WELL MADE AND FOR YOUTHS HARDWEAR FROM 16/6. AND BOYS.

YOUTH'S REEFER, YOUTH'S RUGBY, YOUTH'S CHATHAM and many other Styles from 8/6.

Always a large Stock of MOURNING GOODS to fit all ages, for immediate wear or to order at Short Notice.

GRAND CLOTHING HALL BRIDGE STREET? WARRINGTON TAILORS, CLOTHIERS, HATTERS, & HOSIERS.

GRAND CLOTHING HALL BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

J-01IN LUNT, Bjit7LjrPoOrT: REMOVAL CONTRACTOR. EXPERIENCED MEN EMPLOYED. ESTIMATES FREE. TELEPHONE No. 107.

IMPORTANT NOTICE. WE HAVE PLEASURE IN ANNOUNCING THAT WE HAVE BOUGHT THE OLD ESTABLISHED BUSINESS OF MESSRS. A. , STAISWAY, LTD.. 65, BUTTHRISARKET. ST., WARRINGTON. AND HAVE NOW OPENED THIS BRANCH WITH AN ENTIRELY NEW AND UP-TO-DATE STOCK OF SMOKERS REQUIREMENTS. ALSO WITH ALL THE LEADING BRANDS OF BRITISH AND FOREIGN CIGARS. CIGARETTES AND TOBACCOS, Ac. T. SIJDLOW & Co., CIGAR MERCHANTS SAND IMPORTERS, 15, WI NWICK STREET, AND 65, BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 414 y.

H. S. PAGE & CO.. 74, SANKEY ST., (LEGH ST., CORNER), WARRINGTON HIGH-CLASS TAILORING AT A REASONABLE COST. UP-TO-DIM LADIES TAILORING A SPECIALIM

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 1221 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBILOKERS. JEWELTIRS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. BY ALL Tall LEADING ALLICEB7) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE. AND JEWELLERY 07 EVERY DESCHIPTIO7. 30 TO 50 PUB CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc,, bought,:or taken In exchange. Stoney advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Web:thee. Plate, Ac., to any amount at low rate. et' interest strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELRPRONE. 2081.

ARTHUR KAY & BROTHER. JEWELLERS, 2, MARKET ST., ROYAL EXCHANGE, MANCHESTER FOR GOOD VALUE IN DIAMONDS AND GEM RINGS. WATCHES, , CHAINS, BRACELETS, BROOCHES. ALSO EVERY ARTICLE OF JEWELLERY AND SILVER WARE SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS WEDDING RINGS.

ESTABLISHED IS3S. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, IBAMW MARBR AND ?,PRINT SELLBR. A Large Assortment of Premed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Preeents, gobool Prizes, do. Terms Moderate. A NMI COLLSCTION 01 PEOTOEMAPLIS for Orystolenm and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies otTiotures Id the Continental Galleries.

‘TACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATEHT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW 801131ITIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the month by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have even Maodonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20S.' GOLD INLAY 40s. . ff- .I.VIACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 10 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT Mn. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNFADAYS. 1 10 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH-ST ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M.;TO 8 P.M. MANCHESTER,- 29, PICCADILLY ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

MARSH'S 14 OR WRINGING MACHINES. HARDWARE STORES : 53, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON. SHEFFIELD CUTLERY, HIGH-CLASS LAMPS, OIL-STOVES, OILCLOTHS. ac. EVERY REQUISITE FOR SPRING CLEANING.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ACI SSURANCE kio. CAPITAL ((ully subscribed) £OlOO,OOO CLAIMS PAID £5,000,000 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE : 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr, W.H. RlGHEY,Nesscliffe, Viotoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Hadyock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows Sandbach

B. WADSWORTH, SOLE AGENT FOR TER WORLD-FAMED PIANOS or JOHN BROADWOOD Sc SONS. ADDREss : 59, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON,

'GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE.. THE HEST AND CHEAPEST EvER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., &ND Is. BD., EACH WEoL MULE EY J. GEDDZS er SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1833.

DR. BAYARD'S HEART TONIC. Many years of sciKittile research has at last produced a tonic, which is effecting thousands of marvellous cures. Never failing to bring robust and vivorous health. Entirely and quickly removing all symptoms indicating a weak heart, such as paTitation, .iddlness, weakness, faintness, depres- sion, heart irregularity, to, Post free 2/9 and 4/6 bottle of the EASTERN PURR DRUG CO., MARYLAND-ROAD. STRATFORD, LONDON.

BOILS! BOILS! BOILS! ON YOUR NECK AND BODY. A GUARANTEED SPEEDY CURE. OVER SO YEARS' REFUTATION, 8 PLASTERS, 7.1 D , 20, Is. 17.3., POST FREE. Hundreds of People are now using my Cure. You TRY IT. F. 0. MILES, NELSON ROAD, SALISBURY.

FINE ART PLATES. 2I le. ETCHINGS. MEZZOTINTS, Acc. roil 10s. 6D, ARTISTS PROOFS AT GREtT REDUCTIONS. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUES 0E203 PLATE. FREE. APPLY : ". ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS," MILFORD LANE, LONDON, W.C.

6 I .1/1AG13151," RAZORS ARE TELE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE. WARRANTED, POST FRRH Es. Bd., 35., 4s. 13D., AND 51. 13D J. O. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LAND, LIVBRPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

MRS. I HOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINEE " OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET. BARLESTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

THE EMPIRE FURNISHING CO. 300 & 302, STOCKPORT-ROAD, C-on-111. (Corner of MILTON-STREET), MANCHESTER. NEWER DESIGNS. BETTER QUALITY, CHEAPER PRICES,' and LOWER TERMS Than any other house in Manchester, and above3all,`the DEPOSIT IS QUITE OPTIONAL In Manchester and surrounding districts tio./d are thousands of would-be purchasers whc tremble at the idea of the Hire Purchase System OBSTINATE FRIENDS, and AINEEVOUS RELATIONS will say—Avoid the Hire System. BITT WHY? Beczuse they don't know the EMPIRE FUR- NISHING CO, and their methods of doinc business,and tbat they like to treat their custom. arc as they would like to be treated ; and THEY DON'T ASK YOU TO SIGN ANY-) OBJEC- TIONABLE AGREEMENT: ALSO BECAUSE If you are 111, If you meet with an accident, If you lose your situation, Or have any other misfortune, lOK EMPIRE WILL SAY—I L If you are unable to pay we don't expect you to pay ; and in no case do their customers ever lose the value of theimoney they have, alread3 pai J. COMB AND BEE THEM ; YOU NEED NOT ‘BUY. Catalogues of Terms are sent Post Free,or their Representative will call on receipt of Postcard. E PIRE FURNISHING co. ZOO, STO KPORT-ROAD. MANCHESTER, OPEN E a.m. to 9 p.M. ; Wednesday, 9 a.m, toll p:m.

PARISIAN COFFEE ESSENCE. NEWEST MIDI BEST. EXACTLY LIKE FRESH-MADE COFFEE. WRITE FOR FREE WOLF, OR SEND Is. FOR LARGE BOTTLE, COFFEE OR COFFEE AND CHICORY. (NOLAN It Co., 66a, WELLS ST., LONDON. W.

JUST OUT. IHE TRUTH SHALL MARE YOU FREE." Dr B. DritcAr BoormdAw, ONE PENNY. TO BI HAD OF ALL BOOKSIILLIIHS. " The pamphlet it a very interettng ttudy."— Buxton Herald. " Written with remarkable grace of style end fine feellrig."—Catholio Weekly.

like. But in reality she was a child no more, nn,l, p srfectly developed physically, in the sunlight of sodden passion her mind possessed the cunning ilii.erent in all femininity ; she could act and play a part ; her imaginal:on placed her in a thousand chffieulties from which she emerged in imaginary ;111ph. Ana this lancilni experience trained her in caution ; she had d•vretion far beyond her years, where inek of it seemed dangerous ; she attained &liberate deceit, and excused herself instinctively. Her knowledge of the army and military matters rnerally, enabled her to approach Sir Dan.without .beeraying herself to a man whom none but a Ivoluan, and that woman half a child, could have h,-oed to blind. She discovered, another officer whom general opinion esteemed neglected; and pro- c. aimed herself his champion. She talked herself iato confidence regarding his claims, and then opened fire on 'Sir Dan with an air of artless inno- unce; warming gradually into noble indignation. "And why, Sir Dan, didn't Captain Melville get tin D. 5.0. for what he did in Bunnell ? " "My dear Madge, don't you think you had better write to the papers? " "No, don't, said Madge, with glowing eyes. " 'Ally should I, when I know Major-General Sir Duihul Fielding, K. C. 8., K. C. S. 1., Adjutant- General. to her Majesty's forces ? It would be I mlish of me, that. You don't answer me, .Sir " You wicked girl," said the General, who knew the Gretton family catchword. "I shall tell your Mamma. What do you know about Distinguished 'Service Orders ? " "I know .my uncle has it," cried Madge, "and if it had been instituted loag ago, there would have been dozens in our family. But nu're evading the question. Why didn't, you give it to Captain Melville ? Didn't he deserve it quite as much as those who got it ? " "1 daresay, my dear, but everyone can't have it. And I don't keep them myself. Try the Conunander- in-Chief." : "If I knew him, I would," said Madge. "But you know him, and might sugaest it to him now." "Isn't it rather late in the day ? " To do justice ? " "Oh, well, you know, my dear, that we can't do everything, and I certainly was not responsible for Melville's being overlooked. I don't know the man." Madge pouted. (To be continued.)

Goddardplatee Powder For rteani rkg Si Iver. Electro flatek )old everywhere lb 2/6 & 4/6

the new brown bread, contains all the body-building salts and nourishment of the wheat. Unlike ordinary brown bread, a " Turog " oaf is light in crumb and beautifully crusty. • The flour is partially cooked in preparation, hence " Turog "read is very digestible. Write to-day for Free Sample Loaf, mentioning your baker's name and address to SPILLERS & BAKERS. LTD., (Dept. P 16) CARDIFF.

GARTONS I Improved Breed of rr: 0 ELI" . IL P. 0 SWEDE TURNIP, The largest and heaviest , Swede in cultivation. Awarded many Prizes, in. 7 . eluding one of £3O for , heavy weight. For full particulars of this and other Seeds, see our large Illustrated Catalogue, post free on application. I t Seed Experts and Growers, , WARRINGTON.

SOLD EVERYWHDRE at Is. lid., 2s. 9d., 45.6 d., anOrthrid . ~....„. g ev,. LUNG TONIC :r" y WORLDS CuRE '.i 1 ' , FOR I( Ilf,liS, COLDS. FPOINCJIIJS ASTHMA &CI

-c ! CLARKE- Ass .t...‘ so -a RUBBER STAIVIPS - ' , . . c 5) 7-,, TYFE, &c. '5, •c, . 404 PHoNE No. c., c,kCC' • /CATER ST. Palasl- ______ TOOTH ACHE CITHED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S PrevelteseiDleenssayizpagspEreterr,actetir, RI ESU R71LG174 HEADACHES NERVINE and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Chemists, Is. Ili& "As a specific for Toothache it has no equal. I have used it successfully for year."—Ynov. W. WILBO., MD.

THIS Mr FAMILY MINHOINE. WAYE'S WORDOI,L'S PILLS ARE A CERTAIN CURE for Indigestion, Biliousness, Headache Jiyapepsia, Constipation. Liver and Kidney Complaints, &C For Ladies of all ages they are invaluable. Of all Chemists, 1,. lid , 25. Sd., and 45. 6d. per box, or Post free on receipt of stamps to Depot, 13. St. George street. Norwich. Sample free box will be sent on receiving name, address, and id. stamp (to cover return postage). Mention paper. rep3t, 13, RT. GRORGE STRRIST. NORWICH.

f9P' M rip Send No Deposit. g 4 Ve will serrlY 1.000 Royal Wind- ,. ROYAL W sor 'lO Ws. Bicycles for ES los. or by instalments gt; is. Payli- INDSOR yesekly while riding No secu- ritv required. Send stamped en- velope for pttrticulars to— . IMPERIAL Tlitanio Co. 158, Kira .., ~ aro ro, *smith .

d I ' - 16v ,3',.}A4,411 . ‘;‘,./-:‘,,%,,:nk4'• , • .i,' ' .4 . ' f . . --•-,.. ... ' s %.1,.. ..' '.ii' V ' . , ~,, . "Vti'", -0•,.' • t*.vss .. r, • .4:115, ... 7 . ' '......----11.1.11.11111111P„,.,..,...„-- --A■lll/11,4,104,,' 44'. • 4.--„„. ~ .. At= - -...„!!2.,-.:,-.4..4...- 2.51,-. 4+,4; ;,•- ..4.,,...A....-1--- ~,..., 4...,. ~.... . ,:. , . .. ~.t. ~...,,, N 4. For z-: ..;.. :- It -es e dawning life r $ •--,.• ~,, . '3‘• -• ." and advancing age." ..t ...:•..,A5 614.. 0 , A.( 0. .-..r . . „........„. 4tAr. . • IkrA r 41.0 t ' 1111r11W A Ai. "4, ~....„.... :•••,..4. ' I i •••/,: . . .

USE Keatipg 9s NO THEN MORE V 1 in e les WI HORRID Beetles TANS 34, d.&l/-

mAzAwATTEE TEA Recalls the delicious Teas —of 30 Years ago— MAZAWATTEE TEA • Never varies. Full NETT weight without the wrapper. ASK YOUR GROCER FOR T.

ITHIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the Blood from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In eases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, it effects are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL SKIN &BLOOD DISEASES i Of all Chemists and Stores, 2/9 per gJottle. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS.

_ II II Suit for the eity Man. THE I3oydell suit is a favourite with the City man. It combines stylishness with ease. It is graceful fitting, well-lined, well-tailored, and handsome looking. We have some most stylish selections at 50i-, while at 63/- our "Standard" range comprises a large number of beautiful and uncommon suitings. Boydell Bros., 43, Bridge Street, Warrington.

pLATRVELLM SCHOOL, Ross-on-Wye. NEX TBRM BEGINS MAY 2nd 1906. Established over 50 years. Exaellent situation. Good diet, large playing fields. Gymnasium, Prospectus iC. on application to MEADIILSTER.

Tg E LINCOLNSHIR RESIDENTIAL SCHOOL of Cookery and Household Sciences. Gilds trained as Lady Cooks or Helps; happy home • careful training.— Apply to the Principal, who holds a all Teacher's Diploma, Mum BvEssaan, "Park House," Louth, Lincolnshire.

SOUTEIPORT MOITERv SCHOOL—A FIRPT- CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Bealtby locality. Splendid new buildings. Large staff, incloding 8.A., B.Sc., de. Excellent results. Recent distinctions in languages and science. Head Master : J. C. Underwood, A.C.P.,F.R.G S. (Reg.)

rrHE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON LODGE 1 Stockton Heath, Warrington, —Day and Boarding Sctool for Girls, Kindergarten, Preparatory School for Boys. PRINCIPALS, THE MISSES PARTINGTON (late of 23, Wilson Patten street). Prospectuses, on application. SIXTY-SIX SUCCESSES IN 23/4. YEARS. NO FAILIMRS. The next Term will commence on Thursday April 26th.

IVIR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Musk:Monist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Chorch PIANO, ORGAN, THRORY, HARMONY, COUNTRR- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three—manual organ for pupils' praatiee.—For terms apply 134. LOVELY-LAME Warrington.

MIGH..—Good DAIRIES WANTGD ; cane provided if required.— LANCASHIRE HYGIENIC DAIRIFS. LTD., chief offices 65 to 85 Mulherry at., Hulme. Blanchester. Largest firm of dairymen in England.

Q ANL IAR Y INSPECTORS.—Lady Health Visitors; £l(10 to 2360.—Several hundred vacancies annually ; postal lessons now commencing for Liverpool exam.; 401isuccess- ful candidates.—MUSHENO, Science Teacher. Sunderland.

EIVIIRYBODY wants something " I provide everything " JD In four years I have paid to Snare Time Agents £112,655 19s. 9d. Commission. Write for particulars nf Agency —I. G. GRAVES, Agency Dept.. The World's Supply Warehouse, Sheffield.

WANTSD, ASSISTANT SUPHRINTANDSNr for War- rington and District ; Wary and commiesion and present debit transferred to energetic man who can influence brisinese.—NATlONAL BENEFIT TRUST LTD., 34, Sloorfielin, Liverpool.

GHNTIMMAN, good education, Colonial and English farming experience, desires post as Companion-Secre- tary to country gentleman. Could manage estate. First class r eferences.—Write D. M. 8 OOLE, Greyfrlars Vicarage, Heading.

COACHMAN WANTS Si CITATION. Well up in all stable duties. Good references ; 7 years present sitaation. Age 30. Height. sft. Bin. ; weight. 9st. 41bs• Total abstainer. Drive motor If required.—W. BENNETT, Higher rd., Halewood, Liverpool. NSURAISICE.—OId Established Company require imrnedi- ately. COLLECTOR for Varant Book at Warrington, Barlestown. Runcorn and Widnes ; salary and commission to commence; whole or part time ; also Assistant- Superintendent, with good record, for Earlestown, St. Helens and Blackpool.—Address Box EL.T., Eixaminer " Office, Warrington.

DOUBLN YOUR BALAttY by qualifying yourself to become an Electrical Engineer. We can do this for you at your home. Write for our free book, " How to become an Electrical Engineer," to BLECTRICLL EN- GINEERING INSTITUTE OP CORRESPONDENCE INsTRucTioN, 413, Norwich House, 13 Southampton Street (corner of) Holborn,London.

FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOCKS, &c., BOUGHT Full CASH TO ANY AMOUNT OR ADVAIMIS MADE. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. SO CHARGE FOR INSPECTION HARTLEY AND V. 0., 12, MO2S-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

HAY FEVErt.—Any sufferer may heir of a certain remedy by applying to THEODORE VILLIERS, 4 Crowtree Terrace, Sunderland. price 12s. 6d. The advertiser has never known this to fail.

1/11 For this small sum and 3d. postage you can get a 2 bottle of Liandrindod Oils. Infallible Cure for Rheumatism, Sprains. Bruises, &C.—Sold only by W. S. BOUND, Chemist, Llandrindod Wells.

RHEUMATISM, NEURALGIA, CRAMP,—Reeipe or simple preparation that give* immediate relief and cure, Money returned If not relieved. Send P.O. 1.a.-11. METER, 33, Grosvenor Park. London. S.M.

QTEIiILR MARRIAGE): Its Causes an 4 Curative Treat- ment. By a late 'lentos Physician to a Hospital for women. A new edition just published. Post free 3s. 9d._ London SIP:I.IAT AND Co , LTD, 38, Gracechurch et.

RizthuMATlO RlNGS.—Proteseor logomorth's cures, rheumatism, neuralgia, impurities of the blo-id. Uhousands of testimonials. Post free 21. 64. only, from BriosuriErrm AND Co., Enfield Houle. Pier st. Plymouth.

LAMBS.—Health and Beauty. LYLE'S PINKOIDS are a natural beautifier. They enrich the blood, invig- orate the system, and are an excellent remedy tor anzemia and periocia deraugements. Poet free, le. lad., and 21. 9d. —Limn & Co., Chemists, Berwick-on-Tweed.

B4D LEGS CURED. BAD legs cured thoroughly and permanently. Belie, immediate. cute lasting. The famous avala,l Bad Leg Cure, post free 2s. 9. ; write for blOl. aent free ld. stamp. —THE SIDDALL INOTITTITH, DEPT A•, 282, Clheetham Hill rd. Manchester.

A NGLESEY : RHOSNEIGR.—M&BLOG LAKBJ HOTHL-: 1-1 Sportsman's holiday home. Adjoins sea. lake, and surrounded by excellent golf links ; sea. trout, and coarse fishing ; bathing, boating, shooting.—Moderate Inclusive terms from PROPBIRTOR. ALMY BOURNIIMOTJTH.—HOTEL DALICIIITH, most up-to-date. DAINTY CUISINE. From 30s. No extras- Nr,pier.

BLACKPOOL. ACLBAN'S PRIVATE HOTEL. 111 LANSDOWNE CRESCENT, NORTH SHO dia. R deuorated throughout, Finest position on Sea Front. Near Stations and North-Pier. Late dinners (separate tables). 116o,1erate Tariff. • Apeilv PROPRIETFCESS.

DOUGLAS.—Manningbam House (the original), 1, Castle Drive ; ,opposite Castle Mona Hotel ; near shore and places of amusement ; board from ss. ; beds 25.--hrs. WOOPREAD.

BOURNEMOUTH.—Comfortab!o Board residence, near station, town, tram'. sea ; good cooking ; table; cycle and dark rooms ; moderate terms.-24, C.L73LVDI RD.

HARVEY'S, ' INGLEWOOD,' BOARDING ESTAB- LisLIME VI% 5. Derby terrace, Central Promenade, Douglas. Isle-of-Man. Finest position on sea front; magnificent ',views of the bay and headlands ; cars from Pier pass the door ; late dinner ; 51. per day.—Eirs. HARVEY.

LONDON. N‘T'ILD'S TEMPERA.NCE HOTELS LIMITBD. 34 TO 40 LIIDGATS HILL, ALSO AT 70 & n, HUSTON SQUARE. HOME COSIVORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUILV4 CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEISURF.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S R ESTAUR ANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. BSIIMATES Clifor3 PARTIEs, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASIIIRE. T6lephone 0465. THE OLDEsT ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

A PARTAIN.NTS.— TO BB MST. in country Cottage, IL sitting and bedroom.—Lxxxnut COTTAGE, ROMA. A Bib [THU.—Comfortable APARTNISNTS. near station and sea ; bath. &a.—Miss LOWE. 17, Buckingham rd. APARTMENTS TO LET.--tine Dining-room, one Draw- Ing-room, two Bedrooms.--Lartatwoolo. Wordlow Miers, Litton, Buxton.

ANCILESBY.— weligurnished modern house ; large eining and drawingroom ; usual domestic accommodation ; tull view over tea and mountains. adjoins golf links good fishing and bathing.—Apply PRGPRTETOR. Maelog Lake Hotel.

LAOKPOOL.-112rs. Boww. 17, Wellington-terrace. Promenade ; bedroom, public sitting-room, cooking, sad attendance for twoldersons, 2s. 6d, per day ; boarders ss. 6d. per day.

BLAOR.POOL.—idra HOLME% Haberley House, 19 Cocker et., North Shore. Public end Private APART MTS. Clcse to sea and Talbot rd., station. Terms on application.

DLACKPOOL.-30, Plea-ant st., North Shore, Public and Private APARTMBNTI ; four ninutes from Talbot Road Station; two minutes from sea.—Mrs. WOOD, and MIOa FISHES from Dewßbury.

• LACKPOOL.—Very Comfortable APARTMENTS, with ▪ or without board, can be had at MRIL ITCHELL'S, 49, Erdington rd. ; four minutes from Central Station and sea ; piano. Stamp for reply.

II OU NTH Farmhouse.—APARTMENTS during summer montbs.—J. CLIFFE, flankelow Houses Audlern, Ches. - COLIVIIN BAY.—Com ISH fort able aPAETINTS facing sea ; go, d cooking and attendance.—Alra.HUßST, Brooklea, Bay View I d.

L)OUGLAS, ISLE OF 111A.N.-22. Desmesue rd. (off Elmira rd.) ; Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board ; tea, bed and breakfaat 215. weekly. Mrs. SKINNER.

- - DOUGLAS.—THE MANOR, Belmont Terrace, 114, Circular road. APARTMENT with or without board; beds from le. 6d. ; tea, bed land breakfast, 3s. 6d. ; fall board from 6d. Mrs. SCREECH, late of the " bt. Blow."

lUA.Rti HOUSE. Furnished or AFARTHISDITs ; two sitting rooms, four bedrooms, one kitchen ; rabbit shooting; very moderate.—Mrs. 0. JONES, Tyddynadda Farm, Rhydyelafdy, near Pwllhell, N.W. lIALGPSHIRE.—RegIater of available residences, poultry farms, &0., free Of PSItCY SHENTON, Auctioneer, Winchester.

LONDON.--uporior APARTM EN'N for Visitors bv day or week ; terms moderate ; board opticnal ; quiet, central ; write requirementa.—MAartoeaxas, '4l. Bernard et., Russell square.

AMSHY, ISLIC OF MAN.—TO BH Linn. during June, July, August or for longer. B%A.OONSFIIILD TOW-Hit, with MO of garden and dogcart; rent £7 alweek.—Apply,by letter, Mrs. MORTON, Hooton Mount, !Witham. ST. ANNE'S-W..1-T Hl.—Superior A rAti.T 44.1yNT3, close to pier; best pwition.—SUNNY LEA, St. Anne's rd., West.

QOUTEIPORT.-3111111 HOLMES, Highgate terrace, 66. Bath st.—Pu4lic anci private APARTMitNTS two minutes from promenade and Lord st. illuminations; home comforts ; highly recommended; piano,

PEND your holidays In West. Country. To let. short 10 periods, little bungalow, accommodate four, 900 feet above sea. magnificent views, readily accessible ; —Boa 3523. SEIARRow AND THATCHED, Holborn e place, London.

BLACKPOuL. QUPERIOR APARTMENTS.—HaIf a minute from Prom- enade three minute 3 from Talbot rd. BA*KINS, 9. PLIIA.SANT ST., CLAREMONT PARK. Telegrams " Ewrgeney." Telephone, 0633.

SoUTBPOJIT.--THE MISSRS CHADWICK, w ESTFIELD, 34, BATH ST. COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS, pUBLIC AND PRIVATE. PIANO. VERY CENTRAL.

Iro B 1 LBP. ROOIdS, two up and 1 two down ; farmhoese,b.autifully situated for Crafnant Lake ; excellent fihlng place —Appiy Hrs. WILLIAMS, aee Mawr, Crafnant, Trefrivi., 1L8.0., N. Wales. PO LEE—Furnished house (country), 9 rooms, w.e., bath hot and Colo ; charming situation, South aloe:A, ea and mountain air ; fishing, lake, river ; rent in der ate ; near Portrnadoe and Cricci.th. —ktoRRIEI J/NES, PortraadoC.

ikihdHlßE. —ON SALE Charming Detached Residence. NJ Three Hntertaining and six Bedrooms. Stands in its own grounds of 2f acres well stocked with fruit trees. Poulcry rune. Duck-pond. No Chief.— Address D. N., Examiner" Office, Warrington.

OOD OFF LICENCR with Wines, Spirits and Grocery; 1.3 fine hying accommodation; respectable neighbourhood ; satisfactory reasons for leaving.— Apply DITAKERLEY, 482, Liverpool rd., Feel Green, Patrlcroft. FOR DISPOSAL, SUALLWARE and DRAPRRY BUSI- NESS ; good position ; established 40 years (same family) ; owner retiring through death.—Apply NUTTALL, 95, Warrington it., Ashton-under-Lyne.

CO., Bakers' buyers. VINAKERS.--West London. 14 sacksviaainuedr7 7a51.11;e1n0 tow sr e II long lease ; 8 rooms ; level bakery ; price £250, oartdr.or..n.. G Eavo yallo trib eCros.

CPLIINDID OPPORTUNITY.—To he disposed of the Li House, Stables, Conservatory and excellent Refresh ment Business, known as " CaLwaoan's Ti Rooms." ,Mll- - Northenden,near Mancbester,Barly inspection invitedt

BAKER:S.—Convenient premises in thriving London centre ; cash trade of 23 sacks at sd. and EH smalls ; Elorigoflai,Aß aie;slicuvLi., ou elbakeryE4 Areg oo„ Bakers' retiring afterßa2r,os years ; price 5c valuers, 75, Pentonville rd., London.

-13 USINICSSEIS ON SALE BY T "'• °ARM, IE BURLEY ST., BLACKPOOL.—Em 1870. ---- MANCHESTER.—Very High-class BUTCHER'S BUSI- NESS, turnover £5,000 yearly; ingoing-£5OO ; owner retiring. OCRINGTON.-GROOE3Y and SUE-POST OFFICE. /1 Stock,Fixtures and Property £B3O, £3OO can remain on mortgage. LACKPOOL.—Blectrical Mechanical LAUNDRY and GAS ‘r Engineering and Motor Repairing business ; est. 20 years ; owner retiring; fair valuation. BLACKPOOL.—SWERTS and TEk ROOMS near Winter Gardens ; rent £6O; ingoing £13); present 8 years. -- DLACKPOOL.—HOUSE AND SHOP. nice Grocery JUI liminess ; rent £22 ; ingoing £lOO ; also another near Central Station. -- 1 B'RPOOL.--COMPANY HOUSES, Empty Houses. Furnished Houses, Property, Land, Farms, Hotels, Restaurants and other Business. Please write we as above.

13111 HDUCTION in EGGS for sitting. —Cnokoo and Bia^k Lckhorns 2s. ed. per doz. Silver-laced Wyandotte' 3s. per doz. E.,nnot buy better.—SEEPHORD, Waithland Farm, Rochdale- _ _ _ "ElGGS.—White and Buff Leghorns, Game, Homburgs, .124 Black Minorca*, Rocks, Orpington, 21. 6d. sitting Aylesbury Ducks, 3s. 6d. doz.—DOsviacy, Drumer Hill, lAlAdimon Junction.

WHITE WYANDOTTE% the champion layers. Eggs from well-known strain ort unlimited grass run, 4s. per sitting ; eggs for sale all the year through.--r. WHALEY SMITH, Merrick. near Richmond, Yorkshire.

Farm, WHITS LAG- eFv- le rG:H:?nftrzilll,lVinc.nei tes ttrieenrt:wh.lorr ee lastdPue° ote r 4 competitions, nfertiles replaced. Free range.—PorCP MORGAN, Penrgellv, Towpn

-- VGGS FOB SITTIBC+ from pure bred birds. Buff, Black X/ and White Orpingtons, Houdans, Black Minorca', Blue Andaluslans, Peri-ridge, white and Silver Wyandottes ; 38. 6d. per sitting —..Temrs altl.oll, Poplar Farm, Hough Green. Widnes. TIVOUBATORS.—The Gem ' batches np to 10) per cent 1 See Testimonials. The • Gem ' Rarer is a perfec. Poetermotber, giving a good account of every Chick, and it probably tbe meet satisfactory one made. Catalogues Free.—B. 87EICLE, Wormit Worked:Ml.lom

POULTRY.— ' Twelve Chicks, 6s. 6. • Butt Orplngtons, Leg- horne. Campine. Faverolles ; twelve Cooley Ducklings ; ; los. 6d. ; ell unrivalled lavers. Orpington mothers 55. each Catalogue. Pupils received.— linvr.stoo9, Raporter. Coaley. Poultry /farm, Gloucestershire. grand Orpington Cockerels from 6s. Ithrgs. 35. 6d. dozen ;

pOULTRY HOUSES and 88-NB, in sections complete from 21s. ; Dog Kennels trom 68. 6d. each ; Pigeon Rouses Nun ISs. ; Bog Hou!es vad Wins from 28s. ; Collie Kennels and Platform. 12s. 6d. ; Breedinx Kennels from 60s. ; Roofing Felt, 88. 6d. per roll; 6 rolls, 205.-6141/TH AND Co., Sectional Builders, 66. Soel st., Liverpool.

s.—Having set all required, offer Sittings of Barred Rocks and Buff Leghorn., splendid birds hatched from Hunters famous laying &trains. Both pens contain several winne:s. Final Reduction, 38. 6d. dozen. llnfertiles replacecl.—RlGGlNSON, Poultry Yards,llinstook,Salop.

A C. RUSSELL can now supply Eggs from his eilver, 11. white and buff Wyandotte pent., winners at the Dairy, Palace, International. Birmingham, etc., Shows ; also BLACK MINOROAS and WHITE LEGHORNS, price 7s. 6d. per dozen; unfertiles replaced If returned. Eggs from the above varieties, epecially selected for laying qualities, 3s. 6d. per dozen,—THE GRANGE, Ecaa.s.

EOGS FOR SITTING, the same old place Draper's Poultry Farm for reliable eggs. Our breeding pens are selected from the best Laying strains and can supply eggs from pure breeds of Black, White, Brown and Buff Leghorns. Black Minorcas, Blue Andalusians, Houlane, Barred Rocks, Lancashire Buff , Golden Wyandotte, Blmk Orpington., Black Lanshans and Beat Crosses ; for laying and table fowl, Houdan, White Leghorn, Black Leghorn, Buff Orpington, Indian Game and Lanshan. All these Is. 6d, per sitting at home. Special pens of Buff Drpingtons and Indian Game at 3s. 6d. per 13 eggs, Indian Runner Duck eggs Is. 6d. per dozen. White Aylesbury 3. per ouzen if packed and put on rail 6d. extra.—Address HENRY DRAPER, cO5, Newton road. near Newton-le-Willows. No business done on Sundays.

I CURE Firs. I DO NOT ASK YOU TO SPEND MONRY to test whether my remedy does or does not cure PITS, HPILEPSY, ST. VITUS' DANCE, &c. Ail I ask of you is to send for a FAtE BOTTLH and to try it. I abide by the result. A safe remedy—approved by the Medical Profession. H. G. BOOT, 30. MTJBEITIS STREET, LONDoIt,

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS TIiOURANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DB. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON 'lO VV OMANKIND They are tbe best known Remedy for Allmanla Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals. Loss of Appetite,livsterin,Palpitation of the Heart.Debillty. Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9.1 d.. ls. lid., 2s. 9d.45. 6d. and Ils. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS COUGH MIXTURE, gives instant relief as proved by hundreds of testimonials. Bottles 3/- and 4/9 post paid from the proprietors. 309 PoRTODELLo-ROAD, NOTTING BILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

SIPGHIR'S MACHINS, with walnut cover, 555.; cost £6.--lerzio, 22, Waverley rd.. Southampton, NE AROR R NTS produced from any photo; mounted, XII 23 xl9 In., for ss. 6d.—Lazzxu, 3. Tulsa 8111, London.

fILD PAINTINGS, Drawings, Engravings, and Miniatures purcha.ed. Beat prices paid. —Send description to W. M. POWER, 121, Victoria it., S.W. APIIR BAGS for Drapers, Milliners. and Launderers. Sarnples,nenny stamp.—BmanLEY,Wholesale Paper Bag Merchant, Jersey at., Asbton-onder-f yne.

a FOOT BILLIARDS complete, £5. Billiard Dining 1.) Tables,Bagatelles,repalre. Trade suppIIed.—KITTERIDGE AND Sokik. Eldon rd., Vialthamstow. London. S. TROUSERS TO MBASURE.—Serges, tweeds and e.J stripes. Money returpe4 if not satisfactory. Send for patterns. P3BNER. Goldsmith Row, Hackney.

VERB. For short time only persons sending for patterns 1: of Igew dress goods will receive pii.rtieulars of our free Gift of Ladies bkirt.-083atIRNE tTUP WitIEHOUSE,NOrIey, Yorks.

rpti HRH'S MONBY IN IT —Remnants by wedgbi _IL experience unnecessary ; send stamp for catalogue oldest est.nllshed.—CloonuAlut'a WAREnousE, Regent rd. Salford, Manchester. I..ANKRUPT SOCK.—Great Bargain. 21 days only. 6 TAVilei 18ct. rolled fold bracelet ' sold proof,' bend- somely chased. Ps., worth double, post free.—CiftEEN 3c Co., 3, York it, C-on-M., Manchester. pHONOGRAPH*3.—The be.t and loudest Phonograph. The I.legant. fitted with patent non-slipping repro- ducer with 6 genuine RdisOn-Bell records for 10s. 6d.— MORGAN. Phonograph Stores Warley.

SUART'S smart "Genuine" TAILOR-MADE COSTUMES and Dresses to measures ; two guineas. Patterns illustra- tions and m,asure forms, post free.—S WART (from iihool. brede). 20, Albany et., vegeote Park, London.

SLthUIAL OFIPHR.-350 cream Holland Roller Blinds, trimmed !are or fringe, any width up to 42 In.. 2a. each, complete on roller, carriage paid.--MILLER'S BLIND FAcTonv, 104, Church se., Croydon.

WHITE BUTTER PAPER 12a. 6d. per ow. Grease Proof, 225. ; Cheese Paper, 10s. Cap Paper from 6&; Sweet Bags, loz Cups, 60. 1,000. LONGWORTIeS, 04. k it., Thomas it., Manchester. B FROM THE MAKERS. —Women's Underclothing, _LP cheap; three • garments, Nightdress, Chemise, and Knickers ; flannelette or longeloth, 31, 9c1., cirriage paid.— J. BNOLI@FI 17, Walton it.. dt. Albans, Herts.

.Al 7 ASTONISHING SVITIONIIHY OFTHI{. —5 quires . good grey or white vrlium notepaper (headed with address in any colour), with envelopes to match. 2a , post tree. 2lbs., with envelopes, 21. 91.—PatmisiiI,Cit. Yarmouth. QUPERPLuOUS HAlR.—Perfected Electrolysis (by Mr. Parkes Invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity for permanent destruction. The only method which never disappoints By appoirltment only.—Stamped envelope to Mr. ROBV.RT J. PAIMEB, 2. Chlirtm it,, Southport.

SYBIONS' DEVONSHIRE CYDAR; made from SBLECTBD APPLES ; see Analyst's Reports. Special Brands: IMPERIAL" and " APPLE & BLOSSOM." Supplied. in Casks and Bottles by all the leeding lb:otters. TOTNRS. DEVON; AND RATCLIFF. LONDON, E.

Ity INN NAILS (Mixed), Bs. per cwt. 281bs, 28. 3d.; crews, mixed, 28s. per cwt, 78. Id.; Wire, Out, Wroußht, and Malleable Nils. llivet9, eta. etc., wholesale prices.—Mintawn Nam Wonxs, 25 and 26,1;ea at., Brimingbam, JOHN PYNI6, Proprietor.

To 1314 SOLD.—Farnworth, near Wirines.—The extensive Works, lately need by the Laneathire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suif able for Chemiall or other werke requiring soce.—Address J. HOOKING, 15, Fenvvick street, Liverponl.

ASTONISHING OPPPR until Whitsuntide. —Boys' and Youths' smart boots, real mime boa. leather lined, perfect models. sewn ; are full of wear ; ean fit all feet, narrow, medium, and wide fitting ; save 41 per cant by ordering direct. Prices, 7, 8. 9. 10, ss. 4d. ; 11, 12, 13, 1, fis. 3d. ;2. 3, 4 5, 60. lid., post free ; Men's 1.5. extra. Send p.a. —LEwtx & Co.. Central Boot Works, Lyston, Leloe•ter.

BRAreUpTrolTuUcLedOoLmOUanilytiDahiotloNarlaApLUEoßlT faithdfuanq Mooch, or pin-mounts, le. 6.1. only ; postage 2d. ; or in rolled gold-mounts In silk-lined cases. 2e. 10d. cach ; 2d. postage. Send photograph, stating colour of hair, eyes, and complexion. Batabllehed 1740. e atl sfactl on guaranteed or money returned.—Address Studio Department, GADDS, LTD, Yateley. Hants.

fIRICKHT eea.oned willow cane-spliced. show- room lolled. 6e. and 7e. 6d. each (worth double) ; postage sd. each Acoboe cased compo, match ball, Indes- tructible, 2e. 9d. ; leather covered, 4e. 9d. -WHEELER, 80, Faroe rd., W.

Atillitl•l Mid UM,*•— mall meth. leps out the smAliest birds ; oiled and dressed ; will not rot if left out in all weathers; 105yds. by lyd. wide, 4s. ; by 2 yds. wide. 89. ; by 3yds. wide, 12s. ; and so on up to any width ; carriage paid on orders over ss. • cash returned if not approved of —IL J. o.kBsoN, !let Work's, live.

ItYID POTANOES.--cotch, Oumberlain, and Lancashire c 7 grown ; early and late yarreties a speciality.—ALDEßSON, Potato Merchant, Freston. dead Moe, Plumpton, Penrith. Estab. 1840.

REQUIRRD, TERRE HAUTE and PHORIA. RAILROAD STOCK and all other old and non-dividend-paying American stocks and bonds. No charge for information regarding any old American &comities. Valuable book on this subject will be delivered to your New York correspon- dent on application at my office. Foreign correspondents desired.— R M. SMYTH, Room 452, Produce Exchange, New York, U.S.A.

"MAI RIMONIAL TEARS," the best and quickest introduotcry medium for all desiring a matrimonial alliance; price fid., in sealed envelope.—Address EDITOR Robert Radford, 5, Featherstone Buildings, Holborn, W.

P ATEN T OFFICE. MANCHESTER BSTABLISHZD IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with thie Establish. ment, andpozaesa practinal kno wiedae of the cotton.woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' ?rice Bd. " Colonla/ and Foreign Patent Laws, ' price fIEOIIDII DAVIES, C.E., & SOB, P.1.P.A., M.S.A 4, ST. ANN S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

QT. 011011GB'8 IRON WORKS, LIMITSTI (late Ormerod LI Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the tarps Assortment of W HEIM and PULL BY PATTBRNS in the trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Pillley and Tooth Block Patterns ac., belonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•road Iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kinds of Boglneering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and Pulley Patterns on f pplication. N.T., No. 2E9, Manchester: Telecraphie address: " Ormerod GrlArson. Manchester."

ILF PRAIStiI 18 NO ktI4ICOMNIENDATION. Li I therefore invite all people who require a loan privately from £lO to MOO without security to apply to me and judge for themselves as to my straightforward and reasonable dealings. Information freely given.—Write Or call to !the actual lender. B. A. BURNEY. 36 SPRING GARDENS. MANCHESTER. I erl=c Tel. 6665.

PUBLIC NOTICE—TRH OLD-BSTABLISHBD BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., OF YORKSHIIIH, HkVl4 OPINE[) A BRANCH IN MkNCHEISTRIL LOANS CIRANTED NO LHSS THAN £lO, TO ANY AMOUNT On PROMISSORY NOTH, ALSO ON iPURNI- TURN WITHOUT REMOVING. REPAYMENTS TO SUIT BORROWERS. APPLY :—Tt4B BRADFORD ADVANOB CO., 83, BuIDUE-BTRI4I3T. DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER. TRLEPIIONE No. nlx.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O. £5O, £lOO. • ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEIN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERT INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWRN, VICTORIA ORAMBIIRS, WIDEIRS, FOOT 07 THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER, JOHN B. GOOD WIN. ,B,—listablisbed at this tridmas Tor.ntv Years.

- ADVANCES FROM .£5 TO £I,OOO.—THIS OLD ESTABLISHED and well known office for honest and straightforward dealings Is prepared to make ADVANCW3 on PROMISORY NOT N to HOUSHIHOLDNIRS, COW- KIINPRRS, PARMEItS, GARDNIIRS and OTHHRS on very reasonable Interest. Farmers and others can rely on honest dealings. NO VERS. NO BILL OF SALL NO BONDSMEN, NO PINES if behind with 'payment. Only try once this office and you will never deal with any other office. Letters promptly attended to.--Apply to the Manager J. CALVERT, OL&DGIITON OHANCIIHRS, ST. /IMAM

EBTABLISBBISD 1884. PROFESSIONAL Gentlemen, farmers, trades- ! people,and respectable householders can have immediste Advances from £lO to £l,OOO privately, on note of b. ad only, at easy rates ; no fees charged ; hundreds of testi- monials to my honourable and prompt dealings ; no genuine anpllcant refused ; cash advanced on all kinds of deeds, shares, or any kind of security, on most reasonable terms ; distance no object, letters promptly attended to JOHN EfLBTOKBII, 17, Tnonse ST., Bhudehill, Manchester. Tel. ; 3922.

TAKE NOTION—NO PINES—NO SECURITIES. TTAVINO A LARGIC CAPITAL INT COMMAND J. we are prepared to make PRIVATE and PROMPT ADVANCES In sums from RIO to £5,000 for any purplae at the Lowest rate of Interest in Lancashire and on the following easy repayments :- 210 Loan from 3s. weekly. £5O Loan from 15a. weekly. £2O ' . 60. £lOO IHONTHLY OR QUARTERLY REPAYVENTS TAKEN. Larger amounts on terms to suit borrowers. No Delay. Strict Confidence whether business Is done or not. Distance no object.—Anply to the actual lenders, where you are sure to be satisfied with the terms, SAvtirws & 00., Q metors CHAMBERS, 6, JOE B D a L I'o N ST., !RANCHES FROM ,E 3 AND UPWARDS, DON' 'AIL TO GIVE ITS A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OP PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable Is 6,1 weekly L 220 repayable Is $3,1 weekly £5 „ 2s „ £5O „ 17g 6d £lO „ 3s 64 ~ £lOO „ 33e 6d .. For STRAIGETrORIVARD DEALINGS apply In con- fidence to MA.URICE AND CO. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANIGERIEMI, *dies COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HOURS, 9 am to 9 pm. N.U.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTEIDED TO. ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEAR.

ATI ON NY:- MONEY MONEY.—Priyare Loans 1.11. from £lO to 2.500 Advanced to all persons at a few hours' notke, in town or country, without sureties, at a liberal rate of interest, to be repaid by the following in,tal- ments or otherwiswe to Suit the Borrowers' convenience :- 210 LOAN... 4s Od. weekly £3O LOAN... 10s. 61. weekly 415 „ Sc. Od. weekly £5O ... 17s. 6d. weekly £2O „ 78. 6d, weekly £lOO .....30s. Od. weekly Monthly or Quarterly Payments Arranged. Distance no object. &tab. 25 years. Tel. : 4855. Apply personally or by letter to N. STAFFORD, 3, TIB LAND, CROSS ST., MANCHESTER. (One minute from Town Hall.) N.B.—This is the most Private Office in the town. Hours 9 to?,

LYME STREET AUCTION ROOMS, WA.REINGTOI.—To Solicitors, Bankers, Manufacturers, County Councils, Clerks to District and Parish Councils, Tradesmen and others. WM. MOEN AN AND SON WILL OFFER FOR PUBLIC COMPETITION ON WEDNh'SDAY, KAY 23rd, 1906, at the above address, a very valoable consign- ment of about 15 HIGH CFAS 9 COLD BENT 13Th'EL SAFES. Various sizes, from 20 inches to 4 feet high, with all the latest and most approved modern fittings and improve merits. IY, anufactured by the well-known and justly c Ir- brate I firm of THOMAS WI THERi & SON, Pbmnix Safe Works, West Bromwich. The consignment is direct from the makers, and the Auctioneer can with confidence recommend Messrs. W. and Son's Safes to the Public, as they have at Cued a world- wide celebrity and are now in the use of Ills Majesty's Gosernment end Post Offices In England and India, the Birmingham and Dudley Banking Co, the Joint Stock Banking Co., The Agra Bsnk of India:The Birmingham and Worcester Banking Co, The Bank of Holland, The Birming- ham and Worcester Canal Co., The Delhi and London Bank- ing Co., The Imperial and other Incur snce Companies. The Wesleyan and General Losurance Co, Solicitors, Corpora- None, Jewellers Merchants, etc. Maly are also in use in Warrington and district On view Morning of sale from 9 Catalogues. Sate at 2 o'clock prompt.

- ROBERT LOWE. • ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms s NO,l, BANK-ET RIM WARRINGTON. Trr.Ermowz, No. 55. DASH ADVANCED ON GooDS DEPOSITED PR SALE. New ad Second-hand Furniture and other Goode constantly on Sale by Privnte Treaty. Inepoction invited Furniture, &c.. warehoused.

BAY HORSE, 15.1 ; sound; good worker; quiet; Also pretty Four-whpeler, ca,ry four, back to back, £lO IN.—Apply A. H DAVENPORT, Pickle 3,lanufacturer,34B, Manchester rd., Drovisden.

OlidES safely cured of Worms by Thwaltes New Herbal 11. Remedy ; 6d. per packet, free by post, 7 penny stamps. Directions with each pmicet ; no trouble. Horses eat it freely. G. IHWAITEB. Herbalist, Stockcon-on-Tees.

HOOPING COUGH The celebratea effectual HOOFING COUGH cure without internal HOOPING COUGH medicine. HOOFING COUGH Ot alt Chemist's price 49. per bottle. Sole Whcle- BRONCHITIS AgElltfi W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria CROUP t9treet, London.

GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. VP-TO-DATE. GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXP ANSIVE. UP-TO-DATE. GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. UP-TO-DATE. GARNETTS' FURNITURE WARRINGTON. EST. 1824.

'Ube Cyantur *trtes OF WHISK-END NEWSPAPHRS COMPRISES WARRINGTON & EXAMINBIL _.l._ published every Friday afternoon. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, Sic., being one of the Largest avid fleet Weekly Papers In Lancia. shire arid Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper CO ..ao a " and tract in South Letlea"

;naciatilirdt_roatei.ngire. agricultural shireT 1111 RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. It Is the best weekly paper in the Town • and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. rilltiE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Friday 1. afternoon. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and Is a rapidly growing centre of industry rriFIE EA I:LESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Eariestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Hayclock. Lowton &a The district thus comprised Is a most important part of the Lancashire CJai - fields. rpHR ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon, circulating in St. Helens. Presoot, Parr. Sutton. Peaeley 0.43e5, &c.—the centre of the Glass, Chemical anal Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO B,r• SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. IARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Six Thirteen Words, Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. Is. 3d. ... 21. Od. 3s. 9d. 11 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 3e. Oil, ... ss. Od. I 36 ... 7s. ed ... 2e. 6d. 4e. ad. 6e. Cd. 46 ... is. 3d. 3s. Id, ... 51. Chi. 75. Cd. 64 ... is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

THE EXAMINER. BUT 19th 1906.

The brighter side of political life is instanced in a sketch of Mr. F. E. Smith, M.P.,—who is well-known in Warrington as a clever barrister—which appears in this week's "World." By an interesting and decidedly piquant arrangement, the chambers he occupies on the second floor of one of the roomy red- brick buildings in Elm Court are shared with a mem- ber of the Ministelial majority, in the person of his I friend, Mr. Dudley Ward, the distinguished oarsman and junior Liberal member for Southampton. As regards facilities for informal "pairing," this partner- ship has obvious conveniences; and if the two I friends and political opponents ever find time to indulge in private debates on burning questions it may be taken for granted that they, are not conducted in such a manner as to involve the risk of any "scene in the house," or to imperil the ancient peace which broods over those sequestered Temple buildings. * * We wonder what sort of patriotism or Socialism it is that makes Keir Hardie, M.P., take the side of the Zulus in the present South African outbreak. He denounces the punitive efforts of the military and volunteers on the spot as "horrible butchery,"the most remarkable thing about which is that the Liberal Government "sat supinely by and allowed it to take place apparently without a word of protest." This is sheer drivel, in our opinion, and not worthy the leader of the hard-headed Labour party in the House If the Zulus were allowed to run riot there would be. some very real " horrible butchery " among the white settlers and their families, at which we suppose Mr. Keir Hardie would " sit supinely by." In days gone by we have robbed the Zulu of his land, and taxed his existence almost, but sympathy with him on that account should not blind our eyes to the fact that to- day he must be kept in subjection.

FOUND TFIAT FOR QUALITY & VALUE IN WINES & SPIRITS FULTON BROS. CANNOT BE BEAT EN. . FULTON BROS. 20, RENSHAW STREET LIVERPOOL. ALSO AT FULTON'S BUILDINGS BOCILDALII, Telephone 2261 Royal, Liverpool.

'NEW 'CRYSTALINE SILKS FOR BLOUSES, Ac. IN ALL SHADES DOUBLE WIDTIf, Is. 60. SPECIAL VALOR. LATCST NOVELTITSi IN PRINTS, PRINTED VOILES, DELAINES, Ac. v; T. WILLTANIS, WHITE HOSE, § &Vs:KEY ST..

. . INDIGESTION. „Is 0 THE BANE OF MANKIND. HEIM IS A CASE IN POINT: "I got into a low weak state, always tired and heavy, and with a_ no desire for food. Next I had w pains in the pit of the stomach and ' sides after eating, which steadily grew positively agonising. I grew weaker daily, and so thin and pale that I seemed to be wasting away. My friends thought I was in a decline; I was so thin and white. The least exertion caused me to /faint right away. My mother care- fully carried out the doctor's in- structions, but his medicine did me no good. At last mother decided to give me Mother Seigel's Syrup, as it had always done her good. Very soon my appetite returned, I picked up rapidly and gained strength. Since then I have been as well and strong as ever in my life, all due to Mother Seigel's Syrup." (Signed) Miss Florence Edge, 4, Gothic Cottages, Hunter's Vale, Hockley, Birmingham. MOTHER 4I sEmEus SYRUP I ENSURES GOOD DN. IGESTIO The 216 bottle contains three times as ' much as the 11% size.

0 CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CHU The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet, If veal suffer try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. • M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham

„ BLAIR, 8 Gout & Rheumatic Pills . , A Pleasant, Safe and Effectual Cure for 111' GOUT, RHEUMATISM, LUMBAGO „i:-• and NEURALGIA. I/1? & 2/9. 17' Or ALL CHEMISTS. .

For Bilious and Li%ger Troubles, FRAMPTON'S PILL OF HEALTH Has stood the test of time, and is equally recommended for men, women and children. • All chemists and Stores at I,'l and 2/9 per box.

AV. 4- 0 " Characterised- bp All excellent rich proportion of nitrogenous loud substunc.es."--Tus LANCET'. . 8o Ysars Established freputattom , ..,„..„,...,.4, p 4 1. J o

MOST EXTRAORDINARY OFFER. We sell more than all other Makers cornhaied theretore our Customer. benefit in Price. The Marvellous Free Oem Ring Book and beautifully illustrated Nutshell Catalogue are also enclosed. host of unful and entertaining goods or the Winter Season. Yoo should write at once. We give instant attention. WRITING e2ds• andl riodli,shdeel. c dlyriojinogetedind al F Oa k IV t Desk, DESK and Vt:ket Centre,Lock and Key, Ink Bottle a Penholders, Nickel Pencil. Lead Pencils, Eraser Sealing Wax Com- Magnil rng Glass. Writing Paper Blotting and OUTFIT. Vanrse.rfilronreaynrecttiusneed ncoht asonitged As:L Nor too rt:lwerittcitola

g. , -c' ft irS i‘x -._, - - • 1... ii eke • .4.. , . . Y... ... ' . •,0:* '. • ..; . ...c.". ( • ' , 4 1 tS. ' c Iry .I'4 •*=--14 __& ' 1 , • a. -,"--__.-• --,... u 2 ~..... '.7 , \. - g--. 0, „.„ ~ wp • -7,0•7:.., —o,,'j, , .71ar •.;:,.;„1.v.-, ,-. 4,.' , lve%.")) ;ie..: AVA 1' , ..4 , .2. PERHAPS .: • YOU are not acquainted with the ,t„ delicious flay ',r of ' MAS P.IN ON'S F2S.CE OP COFFEI: dc CHICORY ar ~ In which case we shall be pleased to t, .: send you a free saLiple upon receipt I'l of a Pictorial Postcard address..d to '!%:, NEWBALL & MASON, NOTTINGHAM. • . , vA.,-.05-.1.:•`-',..gottrootu 1 1f1414 '. .....-44,"'''),-'," , - 0 0 IRZVILS e 1;;Ei. D --,0 i'l 0 0 M Makes akes Strong Soya and Ghia Sound and Good Teeth.

$4 • --'-toANN;.. f L.,. iNG

ABSOLUTELY FAULTLESS. coy Perfect material, work and finish, every good modern improvement, very low prices distinguish NEW RAPID CYCLES Yon should find out about them before making your choice. They have 30 years' reputation and still lead for combined excellence and low price. Betsy terms . Or good cash discount. Catalogues free. New Rapid Cycle Co., Lcl., Birmingham.

CRICKET. , FOP r

#1513(1 CATALOCUE hat

Ilr-r-.OCAL ADDRESSES. F. CRABTREE, Bridge stPect, War- rington J. M21'114,66, King St., Earlestova. Vl. COOK, & Co., 152, Peasley Cross Lone, St Helens.

Dr. Reich on Cycling. Dr. Reich, whose lectures on Plato at Claridge's Hotel have excited much interest in society circles', is, evidently a believer in the benefits of cycling. "The bicycle," he says, "has been the greatest foe to the drink traffic It has accomplished infinitely more than all the talk of the teetotallers, and far more sanely and beneficially." Are Speed Gears Reliable? Many riders abstain from speed gears because they' have an idea that the complicated mechanism shown in the drawings illustrative of these gears issued by their manufacturers must be liable to get out of order. But as a matter of*fact ,quite the contrary is the case. It is really quite rare to find any one who uses 'a speed-gear who has any com- plaint to make of it. The makers of the Hub Two-Speed Gear publish a peculiar, letter from a cycle repairer, which bears rather on this question, and which 'hens as follows :—"Please send by return one new wire and fittings, same as enclosed, and we might mention our customer tells us he has ridden your hub 30,000 miles in four years, and it is now as good as 'ever. We ourselves have built the same hub into three different rims. Send by return and oblige." This is quite the general expe- rience, and no iyclist should refrain from availing himself of the advantages of any of the different makes of speed-gears because of any lingering suspicion of their liability to failure, for it is quite evident they are among the most durable and reliable parts of the cycle.

WARRINGTON SECONDAE.Y SCHOOL V. WIDNES SECONDARY SCHOOL—Played at Padgate on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the home team. Scores : WARRINGTON. WIDNES. T 3 .T. Mee b Hzukiuson 21 Mr. Hall c Whitehouse D. T. Clark b Joynson... 4 b Nield 0 2,1 r. Donaghy a and b Mr. Hardman b Nield 6 Hankinson 4. 15 L. Joynson b White- J. tilitehouse c and b house 0 Hanel/mon Hy. Nield run out 0 F. Ashley c Donaghy E. Bloor c and b Hankin- b Whitehouse SOU 0 G. Hartland b Nield... 1 A. R. Cragg b Hankin- J. Hankinson b Nield 0 SOD 0 E. Callan c Donaghy F. Singleton not out l6 - b Nield 0 W. Wallington c Hard- A. Ireland b White- man I) Joynson C. Pries b Hankinson ... 0 S. Jones c Clark b F. S. Phillips c Callan b Whitehouse 0 Hankison 2 W. Aldridge not out ... 0 Extras . 4 Extras . Total 64 Total . SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. HIGH LEoll.—Played at Higb Legh on Saturday, and resulted in an easy win for the Wire Mills by 77 runs. Score : : SANKEY WIRE MILLS. HIGH LEGH. Hawthorn c Surridge b Blackburn bN. Cook 5 Simpson N. Cook b Marchant 2 Burton ,F. Taylor c Cornea b Tun.stall bN. Cook 1 Simpson Clarke b Marchant Woodcock c Martin b Rev. Jackson cT. Whit Davies lO field b Burton 2 Burton c Cross b Simp- Hon. J. E. Cross a , on . 0 Hawthorn b Burton 2 T. Whitfield .b Black- Comes bN. Cook 0 burn E. Whitfield c and b N. Cook 2 Simpson B.Taylor c and b Black- Merchant c T. Whit- '. burn R. W. Cook b Simpson 23 Martin not out P. Bladen not out 8 Extra 4 Extras Total WARRINGTON CO-OPERATIVE v. PENKETH FRIENDS SCHOOL.—Played at Penketh on Tuesday. Score : CO-OPERATIVE. FRIENDS' SCHOOL. Banner c Pollard b Brown b Bennion Proud Kay b Proud Mann b Proud Robinson b Proud 4 Thorp b Bennion Taylor not out Bennion c Escohne b Wood c Davies b Kay 3 Brown Tryner a Kean b Brown 6 Robinson Bates c Maudsley b Kean b Kay .. 0 Proud 2 Midgley not out 0 Banner, junr.,' lbw b Reade c Davies b Kay ). Brown v• 0 Davies b Proud 0 ` Howard run out 0 ' Extras • Total 45 Total 37 WIDNES WHITE ROSE V. GRAPPENHALL.—At Widnes. Score : 1 WIDNES WHITE ROSE. GRAPPENHALL. J. Wilcock b Watson ... 1 J. Warburton c Ince b E. Robinson b Watson ... 0 Sadler T. Sadler b Warburton... 2 W, Banks a Robinson T. Hewitt c E. Banks h b Hill lO Watson 0 F. Light b Sadler T. Hill run out F. Teasdale b Watson H. Inee b Warburton H. Drought run out 0 W. Carter run out ll A. Gray 0 A. Fletcher b H Carter c Ince bSadler 18 Watson 0 E. Banks c Teasdale b T. Ince b Watson 0 Sadler lll J. W. Cooper not out ... 0 G. ToUlmin b Hill 9 W. Watson not out 6 Extras Total ..... .... 9 . Total PENKETH V. WEST DERBY 2Nli.—Played at Penketh. West Derby won by ten runs. H. Davies took four wickets for nine runs. Score : WEST DERBY. PENKETH. J. N. Clare b Ward J. Robson 2l Aylward a Torrens b Torrens b Shoobridge J. Tomlinson ,law b Davies b Sedgwick 3 Davies R. Taylor b Davies F. Sedgwick b Davies Stansfield b Davies Jolley c Warburton b b Sts nsfield Shoobridge Hesketh b Shoobridge 7 field 3 Young c Dumbell b Houghton b Tomlin- Houghton 6 son H. Shoobridge not out... 0 Pc:Ater b Stansfield Brown b Stansfield Rafters c Tomlinson b Stanstiold , Estrss Total 7l , Total 6l gOORE AND DARESBURY Yi LATCHFORD BAPTISTS.— Played at Latchford on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the visitors. Score : MOORE AND DARESBERY. LATCHFORD BAPTISTS. A. Dutton b Conway ... 17 E. Cliffe bS. Taylor 0 S. Taylor a Albinson b A. Albinson b H Conway T. Forster b Conway 9 J. Cos c Forster b S. Rev. T. T. Lee-Jones b Taylor Conway 5 A.Warhurst bH. Taylor 0 W: Antrobus c Cliffs b J. Buckley bH. Taylor 4 Warhurst H. Taylor b Cliff's l6 Taylor 2 J. Knight b Chile 4 W. Bennett c Brough b C. Ryder run out H. Brough a Buckley b W.Sharratt bS. Taylor 0 Conway 0 G. Heald run out ~,1 C. Kitshaw run out W. Dalton not out Estras Total 69 Total 2O ELLESMERE-STREET WES:LT:YAM Y. RYLANDS.—This match was played on the latter's ground on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the visitors. Score : RYLANDS. ELLESMERE-STREET. J. Glentou b Llewellyn 0 W. Hunter c Adamson R. Adamson b Hunler ... 6 bN. Nield 3l N. Nield c Carr 1) W. Poole b Gleave 9 Llewellyn 0 J. Allen bA. Nield ... 1 T. Warhurst b Hunter J. McGowan lbw b b Brown Llewellyn 1 G. Berry run out 1 J Beardsall b Carr 26 E. Horton b N. Nield 5 J. Gleave cSt b Ellison 12 M. Llewellyn c Adam- A. Nield b Hunter 1 son b Stockton E. Stockton not out . 0 R. Savory bN. Nield 0 W. Brown c Llewellyn b . J. Carr bN. Nield 0 Hunter G Chamberlain b Ellison 0 E. Barnes not out Byes W ides . -- Total 53 Total , .--40—. BOWLING. _- WORKS COMPETITION. FIRST ROUND. HYLANDS NO. 11. MONKS HALL, NO. 11. E. Blackledge l5 J. Moss lO J. Wrench (capt.) C. Taylor 3. Wisedale 3 J. Anarews H. France' W. Hall R. Savory l5 J. Rowlands lO A. Jolly W. Cottam A. Stringer H. Newton F. Scarisbrick 'lO R. Blackstock l5 . Total 154 Total 139 Majority for Rylands' No. 2, 15. HUTCHINGS. FLETCHER's No. Ir. Jim Ditchfield l5 G. Morgan J. Dickenson J. Manniou J. Yule - A. Gillolley J. Hibbert l2 R. liitchmough l5 W. Ditchfield J. Bate P. °Molloy l5 3. Ashton J. Ditchfield 4 J. Davies • l5 F. Clare 5 J. Ashurst l5 T. Johnson Total 136 , Total ......162 Majority for Flotchere, 2G.

LOCAL AGENTS S. H. ANTROBUS, Padgate Lane, Warrington. CHAS. PARKER, Hough Lane, Widnes. T. GREENHALGH, 61, Darlington St., Wizen. W. KERR, 26, Westfleld Street, St. Helens. A. MORRIS, 172, Bradskacvgate, Bolton. T. G. POWNALL, Liverpool Road, Sankey.

! THF.WLIS AND GRIFFITHS. PRARSON AND KNOWLES NO. 111. • IG. Ball (captain) I William Cook 9 T. Burke I Albin Molyneux 9 H. Rushworth l5 : Thomas Rigby 1 William Molyneux l5 W. Rostron iA. Harper l2 R. Cooper l5 A. 1 ; •ard , . . . ino _, : John Cli fie ; Joseph Dagnall, sem.... 8 A. Rosterne I Joseph Dagnall, jun l5 Phillips I Jos. Ford 2 D. Gibson l5 } W. Adcroft l2 R. Holbrook l5 Total 134 Total 157 Majority for Pearson and Knowles No. 3. 23. ' CONSF.RvATIVE CLUB MAIN.—The sinners of the opening main, which was concluded on Saturday were : —l. T. Cooper; 2, J. Holland; 3, J. Buxton; 4, F. Turner; 5, T. Turner. CONSIRVATIvE CLUB V. JUNIOR CONSERVATIVE CLUB. —Played on the Sankey-street green on Saturday. Score : SENIORS. JUNIORS. R. Sewell lll ~ J. T Boardman 6} 1 S. Caldwell H. Booth C. Millington —Marsh lll /, H. Taylor 5 J. Billinge 5l " W. Gibson ll 1 6 F: Rutter M. Allen T. Sutton ll IIQ R. Gordon H. P. Turner 110 " S. Ratcliffe lll 13 J. Monks G. Rotherham J. Bellian lll ,et J. Taylor T.,•Hughes W. J. Wilson W. Millington D. Rawling ll 1/3 G. Higham T. Twiss T. Coombs A. Bailey Id 6 123 146 81 LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY COMPETITION. URMSTON VICTORIA V. LOWER BROUGHTON 2ND.— At Jolly Carter, Northenden. Urmston Victoria; 237; Lower Broughton 2nd : 176. CHORLTos v. PENDLEToN.—,At Withington. Pendle- ton: 187 ; Chorlton : 233. NORTHENDEN V. WARIUNGToN (CEMETERY.)—Played over the Lord Nelson green at Urmston on Saturday. Score : WARRINGTON. NORTHENDEN. G. Ball 2l T. Brickell P. Bolton 2l I. Hampson , A. Gleave 2l C. Wilkinson G. Holbrook J. Allison 2l S. Brickell W. Hill 2l H. Mitchell J. Harrison 2l 0. Whitley A. J. Jones T. Berry J. Holland A. Scott T. Ellison 2l E. Anthony 1 • Total 231 Total 161 , The Rev. S. F. Latmock, for thirty years vicar of St. George's Sowerby Bridge,was proceeding to the station on Monday, in a cab with his family, in order to take a holiday, when he expired. An engine was backed with an extra carriage on to a , train at Longridge on Monday, and the tiain started— at least the engine and the first carriage did, and it was I not until they had run some miles that the mistake was l discovered.

PRETTYsaf",:tt. jr:atty ebay otroLdaetnest: tliadets,3 WOMENthe vrectferfal heautitier. Scabies the rnoist homely NVOIIIBII to compete with the IcrpWlest In the land.—BATEB, 30, Brook a thr,Mancheeter.

FITS ANY BLOUSE AND THREE SNIRTS. TO LOOK WELL - DRESSED AsK TOUR DRA PEA 'lO-DAY I.olc A 3r... Clo 3EC rac MI VC No Pins. BLOUSE & SKIRT §,UPPoRT. No Hooks. The secret of a smart appearance. The Acme of Comfort at minimum of cos.:. Pri,e 1/03. each. If your draper does not keep them, send us lab and we will see that you get one. P.O.MI9ZA.2ar CZZIP MOLT CO., 3.it Paternoster Uow, London, a.C.

. COSTUME Ladies, buy your CLOTHS. Tweeds direct at nearly half usual prices. Splendid ranges of Home. spun and Harris Tweeds. Patterns on application. Vtlati,-.74, TRIANGLE WOOLLEN CO., . Viand, Yorks.

LOVELY A HAIR

A Toilet Table is incomplete without John Strange Winter's Preparations for the Hair and Skin. At all Chemists, or direct with full particulars from " John Strange Winter," 14, West Kensington Mansions, London, W.

IikILEWOOD c•rab.lB76- CYCLES: I tligheat Grade. ' From iS Ss. 1 Oar Trado Krz's i- ensures .7, f• The Beste Wr eat ut Perfection. . ever offered Catairzucr Fret. • to the Public. " Cm* Agent One District." When purchasing yrur Cycle for 19C6, send to eli for the name cf oar unrest igent, and Ire 'rill tit' for jou requirement:. HAZLEWOO DE, Ltd., COventrY., natr7vonlent wk.°, vret r,orr,o .

PZRRY'S Pnr.RLESS EMBROCATION $1514d Cures irrl:rlit Utik Pek, -Solatlon, Lumbago, Colds Sore-throat, Obilblalna Pord free, 1/1i Per bottle' PERRY & CO., 2 IMDerial Buildings, East Croydon. •

Latest Noveity—Woven Metal

1. •h• $/' • •=4\4„ ,! e . NT-44• I \. • r- I •-- - • I ' _ Cleanser of Pots, protected by Patent-Office No. 218,779. THE BIiGIC SCOURER cleans, as if by magic, every kind of Kitchen Utensil. It is far au- •perior to brush, powder, or sand, and equally useful for cleaning plain Woodwork, and stained and dirty hands; also most useful tor Hotels and Restaurants. No home complete without one. Of all Ironmongers, Drapers, &c., or sample post free, 4d, direct from importer, It. A. WOMACK, 4 Russia Court, Milk St., London, RC, ' Special Terms to Trade.

• '2, .."^ UWE best step to take is illootils',tomaidpateirstofforiny yourself the ease, coin t ort, durability. v and appearance of them. Ladies' and *Gents', in Black and Brown Box Calf and Glace Kid (Lace or Button) at one price, ' 10/6, post free. When ordering please state size nsually worn, and whether narrow, medium, or broad required. Price list free on application. GEORGE DENTON, JUN., 32. HIGH STIZEIT, RUSHDEN. `1";;AC:' ,t,„14400g41,0

• DO YOU WANT A GOOD CYCLE? It so, then write to us. There is no cheapness ts batcver tie price) in An inferior cycle, cud there are no better erclei, titan PREMIERS, FROM MTHLY. ROVERS, COURT ROYALS, *A4 TRIUMPHS, 44C14 'NUMBERS, CENTAURS, • .. • - RAGLANS, Rare Bargains also in Second. SINGERS, &O. hand Mee- A HIGH-GRADE £1 10S. COVANTRIC 472-ULE. App oval and Si: Years' Guarantee, Easy pay- ments without publicity. Lists and best expert advice tree on epplitmtion to Menace, IMPERIAL CYCLE SUPPLY Co., COVENTRY.

• r , . a...* ,„. .?• w iw,•...•• - .‘ , . - .Ll.l\ TALKING f "---...4!., . . \ I ( ~,40, biOe Fto O. U lic.S. - -<.llFr\ 1004 ,!:... ~ - longer distance with less fatigue—climb •,''.,.•• • ( i 1111 4- much steeper hills with greater ease—and ''..,`N generally here an easier and more enjoyable WM. , time if you are mounted on a , .' a •-• ROYAL EbTFIEILAD •..- • . with the GIRDER FRAME—the frame which is so per cent. stronger than the diamond, and entirely eliminates the common fault of whippmess. It is now included In all models from Leo lot, upwards Art booklet free from the following Agents: WARRINGTON. Bellies & Davies, Sankey St. ST.IINLIENS, JS. Melran, 51, Duke St. CRINSTON W. Taylor, Ili xtan Road. CA i)IMIRAD, G. LEE. 197, Liverpool Roal. _ . ~ LbIGII, W. IL Pennington & SO., • ... ' f WE BUY . FALSE •;.• 2.kli TELI i, /.. .. ' - <ll UTMOST VALUE SE NT BY 11 ET U 1: N. ADAOII' , ,• L Or offers offers made and teeth held emir uutil accepte I, (E,41.1,11ed Is3t)) ABANKERS' REFERENCES: CAPITAL & COUNTI&S, It.sw.cx BI:ANCH. 0 R. D. &J. B. FRASER, Ltd. (N.flif" ) PRINCES STREET, IPSWICH, ENGLAND. AS Or". ''''# . ~,r• • MID tEr ‘). • . •-•-4,- ~,,-...-,-,,,,,', !--,:-.1-, ,:..,,L„:„.„, 1r.,. ....,_,,,.:1.- , _-.:„.._ ,-,. ,- -.--,,,,-

1 INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE. .31, ()1, GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES ! ! 59, Mount-street, Northwood, "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " Hanley, Staffs, I Mona Cottages, 1 Jan. 6th, 1905. Coalville, Leicestershire, Dear Sir,—My wife suffered from Rheumatism for a June 4th, 1904. long time, and could get no relief. She was a patient Dear Sir,—l thank you for the good I have received at the North StaTfordshire Infirmary, but got worse,and from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two could not walk without crutches. I heard about your months ago and tried almost everything, but got no Pills from a friend, and bought a small battle. AFTER better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that TIIE SECOND DOSE SITE DISCARDED TIER CRUTCHES, and AFTER TAKING TITER FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CURED was completely cured in a week. After spending pounds I was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs your pills cured her at a cost of 2s. 3d. I shall recom- Beings miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks mend your pills to everyone I know, and you can make to your Pills I have never felt the least pain since. I the best use of this as a testimonial if it pleases you to recommend them to everybody myself. do so. Yours truly, You gratefully, GEORGE WRIGHT. JAMES WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT' PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles,ls. Id. and 2s. 9d. or sent \ Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Gos,ozill road, London. --- ---_ EADE'S GOUT 8c RHEUMATIC PILLS.

41 . 1 :.',----'---16--; I t \1 ,/". . / • , , N ''', \ LONDON MADE ' - / ' S'BANK' WATCH , IL ,i 4 ..,:( lid THREE - QUARTER PLATE English Lever. BEST I r 1 1! LONDON MAKE. Chronometer Balance, Keyless action, .t!,'• 1 :•:' i P'.. , 11,. ;eIY in Sterling Silver Crystal Glass Cases, £5, ‘,1?;. ic i' i (In Massive 18-ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, £15.) • ; . \ ~1 1 ' frce./. i on " Ch on ./e CilMeS 7, SY MTEAL OF 11/4, • i .., • r MONTHLY PAYMENTS , --....i ..t issame lEbricie la lam far C.A.511-X. No I, of WAtehes, Chains, . RV- Deposit with Order, 9 successive Payrilsyeii, Payments of o each l i cfor - ILLUSTRATED NrdLJZ7clll,ll. “ lin- the £5 Watch. For Gold Watch, Month mi BOOKS penal Plate" and Bag& ~ No 3, of Silver Articles otearfl Factory : 62 & 64, LIJDGATE HILL, E.C. wFREE. tor Present. .4

BIRD'S CUSTARD with FRUIT• NATURE provides the Fruit: "BIRD" supplies the Custard: ow- TRY THEM TOGETHER. BIRD'S CUSTARD is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned, or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour, and imparts to them a grateful mellowness.

OM "t• How ? , are you e . Everyone is familiar with this expression. It is heard the wide world . over. Every language has its equivalent for "How are you?" Good health is the one great universal wish and desire. The most eminent experts say that four-fifths of all sickness comes directly from indigestion, or a torpid condition of the liver and bowels. , AO , / / 4. 43 el i :. c.....)• . „ : . _ cure four-fifths of all diseases by removing the cause. 'They tone you up and dispel the impurities which cause sluggishness and heaviness— Natures warnings of disorder. BEECHAM'S PILLS keep people cheerful and make life sunny. They are the greatest known medicine for giving strength to the stomach, correcting the digestion and regulating the liver, kidneys, and bowels, in fact they are an unfailing remedy to Keep You Fit. pills). Ai _ 1 s

-- -- - -- - -- (% BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED --...4t CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS. LAUNDRY caIATL. Registered No. 40.378 • AND DAIRY I NO MORE Pil AC ii INE R Y SOFT LINEN THOMAS BRADFORD St OM, 140-142. 1110 Holborn, London; 130, Bold Streak WHEN Liver,' ; Victim is Avenue, Manchester; Orescent STARCHED. .\,... Iron Works, Sa , „..,,,lford. I 6 ....1` . , ...0,,,. minsummasomomosszammir ....• 'Teed in the Boys! LaundrirS. Should be used in every house. • . . . '''' ' ‘.k‘N.\\Nv . ' Ore fried, alwaye v, anted. : , . • ~,,•,,,,,,,,. . ..• -. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW •The greatest boon ever offered to the 'Laundress for 4,-, IropsrLing sn Ivory Finish I o Stsruhod Una!), LiCee, . ' . '''.. f.t, CO FF EE •--....., te. It does not st,ek to k pid er- w e ritt Ike romerials. Sold everywhere in Packets at Id., 3.f.. and 6d, each. ,y .N. ESSENCE PREPARKP ottLY BY . , ' -kk‘ T. eRITCIFILBY, chemist. BLARKBURN. :- I\v‘ 7, Whiteei..,.. etre.-t. Lonoon, WC, / ' \\\ ----------__ _ , r% ... ' 'MERRY WEATHER'S' A .. !NG \\NI, t.“Tm.'77".."............ LI, To 1)4, , R : //i,--'44 Tg'. * • 'vrA,,,,,, j: _ 7, 2 N .. e ..._. P‘a at la . :Z•.,''l , ,-- ''....,............... ,t' t ,4lli / / ; . CLASS , -GARDEN HOSE 63 LONC ACREI.L.C.NDONI. I 4 LARGEST MAriERS OF HIGH IL_ . ... .' CLASS HOSE IN THE WORLD.

L m ~,,dlr Graph.° one is found in LIIB est . . , .. atZfr.ls., -. ' . . ' -::---- •DOUBLE ' P.S.PRIaIfIIOO .\ ~ -------- . regigivkilt A Customer. has just un4tten he is us at follows , 18 w.. It is now over four years since you sent me one of your machines, and during mat time it must have gone over my records I may say thousands of times, and it still is in perfect condition. The Reproducer, however, from continued wear needs looking to, and I herewith enclose it. A drop of Seccotine fixed the Reproducer. The machine was one of our lowest priced mode's. But no matter what you pay— When you buy CdLUMBIA Machines you get the full worth of your money. r,nroved " Lyric-Ri&oducer" models just met. Sweetest tone. Surierb.j, constructed. Send postcard /Or "Price Book 20 " for full informatkg and test lid of Records. COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH COMPANY. Gavel.. 9, Great Eastern St., London. LC. 200. Oxford St., W. Glasgow: so, Union St. Cardiff: 96, St. Mary St. DEALERS IN .EVERY TOWN. J

I acteri East AMIIIIIIMI. TO iltir.KE Mtir I A What does that meal ? Why, it net means what it sly,,— `' Keep to the Right ' the (telt General Furnishers. for instance. You know farhtT says . he has found them and liltaltS to .., u keep to them, they at ,- - t entaly. PITTS'S' tel. r 845. 1124. .\ (Patronised hy Roygity. Nobtliry..S.c4, : LONDON ROAD Manchester. • .... 0 4 . ~, ... tt: P oo R t CoESS 14R1 of (H::: (I .. )4 4" ALL ;VONT. . . s'?'-ot'O' s. .0,4411016*- . ,'AtLiblti . , ...„...... :Ilk, '6 - - i OlPitieli,:. • . ftt\: 't.',V.',..,1 •=. / 1\ i• is. 111 I • avr.c,iFi-__!.. it.-: - .. _

SALE NOW ON. WELL DESERVES A VISIT. as we ale offering Thousands of Pounds Worth of FURNITURE, CARPETS, BED- ' STEADS, BEDDING, Etc., at very considerably UNDER USUAL PRICES. 800 Priced Designs Post Free. 80 SPECIMEN FURNISHED ROOMS are always on view at PITTS'S MANCHESTER.

CORONER ASI.ZED TO RESIGN. The Denbighshire County Council have requested Mr W. Wynne Evans, the Coroner for East 02nbigh5hire, to resign his'appointment, as he has left the county, and taken nr, his residence in 'Landon. Mr. Evans intimates his intention of retaining the post, having fulfilled the requirements of W,at was a' life appointment. The County Council have decided to take steps to have the office declared vacant. Marriages. por,„„,_l..A.wToN—Sray 12th. at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, John Henry Porter to Lily Lawton. WRENCII—HIG oiNsox—Mav 13th, at the Parish Church, Warrington. by the Rev. Canon Willis, James Wrench to Elizabeth Minnie Higginson; SIWITH—HARDING.—May no, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Joseph Smith ! to Clara Louisa Annie Harding. RYDER—FARRELL—May 13th, at the Parish Church, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Alfred Ryder to Ellen' Farrell. fDeath. THo:4Psos—On the 12th May. at his residence, 147 Bold-street, Warrington, J. Christmas Thompson,age7t 81 years. For nearly 30 years (1855 to 1884) 11135 Master of the School of Art. Warrington, (Kindbr accept this, the only intimation). No cards.
