===== 0002601_19060630_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXHIBITION WILL REMAIN OPEN

1

11

UNTIL JULY 14TE._

WARRINGTON INpunisaY EXTENSION FUND. A. GRAND CYCLE PARADH: AND CARNIVAL IN AID OF THE ABoVie FUND WILL BE HELD ON SATURDAY, JULY 21ST. 1906 OVER 80 VALUABLE PRIZES WILL BE AWARDED. PROCESSION STARTS FROM THE TOWN HALL AT /OK PROMPT. PIERROTTR ENTERTAINMENTS be given at Garvea Lane, Sankey at., from 3 to 4 p.m.

arid at Bridge Foot, (Mersey et.), from 5 to 6 p m, "401CING CONCERT AT PARR HALL AFTER PARADE. Or further particulars see Official Programme. Subscriptions to the Parade Funds will be received and gratefully acknowledged by CHARLES LEIGH, Bewsey Chambers, Hon. Treas. E, PICKAVANOB, 67, bridge it.. General Hon. Sec. E. A. SANDERS. 12. Arthur it., Assistant Hon. Sec

WARRINGTON UNluiN.-PAtmATIS COTTAGIG , HOSIKS AND fiCHOOLS, wThe GUARDIANS require the services of a duly qualified or offered 1s at the rate "niall to act as an AtSibTANT-soHooLuanuals in ' their .ehools at Paduate. The aislerY Res annum for a Catificated teacher, or at the rate of certificate. rh for a teacher not yet havlnir obtained a The allowances will be subject to deduction of , 2 per rent. ior superannuatlou purposes. The person , appointed will be expected to reside outside the premises, Any further information may be obtdned from Ur. Wripht, Su perlnteudent at the bcboole, to whom also appli- Cation; containing copleavf not more than three testimonials ot recent date must be addressed before Monday, July 23rd. By Oyler. J. C. SUTTON. , June 28th, 1908. 1 Union Clerk. _ . VEW

'.ORRIDOR

IrESTIBULEA) TRAINS to and from LINCOLN 4loogside the t Steamers "etY Week-day LINING and tREAKFAST

CARS. itittLer partleul e'tat Eastern RaIIN

TIME BOOKS, MILL WORK, CATALOGUES, " EXAMINER" OFFICE, BE W SHY STREET, WARRINGTON 1 i ;

~,..• . • -..,,c,:,A1i,-i.,,'..ii, ''...7,f,,,,t1,..,.....,_".. .:•:',.'„.;.:::,...1101-.1....: '.. .f 4'..-°.,':;; .;•..,.,..ti.,.,.-..:•,..::,-.,:t.',...-'. :'-t'

COUNTY OF CHESTER, TO WIT. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the oext GENERAL, QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace 10 rthe COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said Cuuntv, on MONDAY, the 2nd day of July, 1906, at hatf-o.st E'even o'clock in the forenoon, when the Grand Jury wilt be empannelled. The heating ot all Appeals atieing within the Hundreds ofißroto on,Eddisbury Nantsvich, and Wirral, farming the Chester District, anti the trials ot all prisoners committed from suctiflundreds will take place at sueb Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Cheater Dittrict muse be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of tte court on MONDAY, the ind day of July, 1906, at hall-past Eleven o'clock in irenoon, THE Court wilt be adjourred to the Coutt House, aiontsford, on WEDNESDAY, the 4th day of July, 1906, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon,when ancther Grand Jury will be empannelled. The beatiog ut all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Bucklow. Maccle3field, and Northwich, forming toe linutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last- mentioned Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. Tbe Grand and Petty Juries for the Knuteford District must be in attendance at the. COUtC House Knutafcrd, at the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the 4th day of July, 1906, at Eleven o'clock in the Foret oon. REGINALD POTTS. Clerk of the Peace for the C3unty of Cbeater. Cnester, 13th June, 1906.

ftti

CORNS! CORNS ! CURES WIIILEI YOU BLEEP. LASHANI'S CORN SILL NO TIIOUBLIC. NO DANGHR. NO PAIN. Sold in Pockets, with full Instructions,post tree,Bl3.& lead. W. LASHAM, PHARMACROTICAL OHRMIST, HIGH ST.. ROIAPORD

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUtia EDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A AXT BOON TO VV °MANKIND L._ Thev are the best known Remedy for Anemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite,Hvetetia,Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9id.. li. lid., 2s. 9d.41. 6d. and 111. DR. PAYIS'S FAMOUS COUOR MIXTURE, gives instant relief as proved by eundreds of testimonials. Bottles 3/- and 4/9 post paid from the proprietors, 309 PORTOBELLO-ROAD. NOTTING .13ILL, LONDON, *. (Only address).

JOHN WALKER & CO., EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

:''

„;•.,.;',.,.7:','.•,,,:;,,!. ,'.,...:.y,,...';i.:;,,,,:.

JOHN WALKER AND eo Bewsey Street, Warrington. HANDBILLS. HYMN PAPERS. INVOICES. LEGAL FORMS. LETTER HEADINGS. MEMORANDUM FORMS. CLOTH LABELS. DELIVERY BOOKS. " EXAMINER " OFFICE. Bewsey Street, Warrington.

"+; '

§.1423

HAM MI/W.—How to relieve Immed ately and cure le. 3.d.—Bun•ros 184 Holmeedale rd., Bromley. Kent.

RHNUMATISM and GOUT.—Certain cure. Sen 4 shilling for recipe imell cost to make up.-111a.9ori & Co., 176 Shaknearn Crescent. East Ham,

GRICAT Australian Discovery by w blob Coneun.ption ha been Permanently Cured. -For undenlablis proof write d Hit EUREKA CONal/MPTION CURE, 6. H alttorn Viaduct,

LICZBMA.—Sure, safe, effectual cure with herbs. Recipe EJ free with list of hero. and remedies. k'ostoard will do. --lawAvrEe, herbalist, Sto,kton-on-Tees.

TRADE PRINTING of every description. POSTERS OUR SPECIALITY • "EXAMINER " OFFICE.

; •

Zni Poi 1 Kw

===== 0002601_19060630_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ing PPi- luty Less. be L be Leta- less iced The that moo

Ides. Lings I as the most ' ,„ain not s the said ) sure God

;a4."11g ittle ioY cape, La OL eye aunt

they lure. Holy sson tight es, it !S9Oll task :Ai ii f the itact biro, llous t was ledge tures That

never ,been broke

the n the They elf to ;poke dead, L con- ;ople. .atest that :es.

oulder

===== 0002601_19060630_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
sallow .ary iI eavily there ,u feel

0 0130 They Thus. ciated at iou. breath a dry [f the must 'error,/ F,NOS ad the mar*" eople'e theca- emedy. :Is yet BLOOO :0 cUre -; SE*

e sure

~... __----'''

kr.itrig works, wool rarket' "Lle

===== 0002601_19060630_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR 1906

LATEST SPRI

BOY'S FANCY SUITES.

Largest Variety and best value in town in all Sizes, Colors

ipci Material from 3/Ir,

Always a large Stock of MOURNING GOODS

to fit all ages, for immediate

wear or to order at Short Notice.

Orbital

J7a —Handy biZe IC H Uitlita. also a Cabinet 5. vD. RBYRIGSRATOR, nicely fitted, quite new, at 271, 6d. ; others Idr,;Pr.—HUGHRS BROTIIHRS.

—Pat tot Bowling Eleven tit,WLS. Also some others tie. quite new, and silver mounted, and on stands, fit for presentation. Billiard Balls cheap.

20 GAS COOKING t.. biV.hb, in perteet order. from 15s. to £5. TIM COAL couxING s rovßet from

ti tz —Very hancisome Dtthb:thsti ()filial and i) S. VD. W ASHriTAND ; chest with 4 large and deep drawers, 2 jewel drawers, fitted with looks and keys and nice brass handles, large bevelled mirror in centre on carved supports ; washstand, with tile back and towel-rail attached. Another 3 mirrors 54e. gd.

,ill)lsl3UAllif, from o'le. to Et°. ii IMik. Vibtinut and ahogan •

===== 0002601_19060630_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
'Gr FASIII

JOHN WALKER 1...57) Co. INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern, on blue, white, or fancy papers. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

i

IVI OUNT RADFORD SCHOOL, EXSTER. JJ-1. RECOGNISED. BSTIBLIEGIED 1875.

PRINCIPAL W. 13 VINS, :A.A.. (London). FULLY QUA WIRD STAFF Up-to-date iv-lunation for Commercial, Procesaionai. or University Careers. Separate and pleasant cuticles for boarders. Small bays have special care and separate @porta. Healthy situation. Field of 5 acres and large playground. Recent Honours in Public Locals. Unsectarian teaching. with simple instruction in Scripture. Horne life for sons of parents living abroad. Half term. June 13th. APPLY FOll, PROSPROTIM.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
llorgo, 800, Eibt gßotit &T.

BAY MARE, 16 band!, 7 years old; quiet in harness and caddie ; vet. certificate ; good pedigree.—Apply Doctor CRAIG. Llandudno.

TOR SALB Good Stepping COB, four years winner of 1: second prize at Ormskirk and Southport Shows.—Apply MILES BLUNDELL, Gorse Hill ?arm, Haislll rd.. Birkdate.

LIIOIIiRS safely cured of Worms by Thwaites New Herbal Remedy ; 6d. per packet. free by post, 7 penny stamps. Directions with each packet ; no trouble. Horses eat it freely. G. THWAITER. Herbalist, Sto3kton-on-Tees.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
giatrimonn

441VELTRIMONIAL TIMES," the best and quickest J_ Introductcry medium for all desiring a matrimonial alliance ; price tid., in sealed envelope.--aciOress HDIT3II Robert Radford, 5, Featherstone Buildings, Holborn, W.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
dflunep

yr° • EY.-PRIVATE LOANS ADVANGED ,AT 111 °NCR from £lO to £5OO on Simple Promissory Note withont,security. Interest very low ; Repayments arranged to borrower's satisfAction ; Most priynte and confidential ; iu town ; No objectionaole inquiries or usual Ilan office routine. Apply personally or by letter fu the strict4st confidence and be convinced to Actual Lender,B. A. BURNTHY, 36,, SPRING GARDENS, MANCHESTBIL Tel. 5868.1

PUBLIC NOTICE—TISK OLD-ESTABLISHED BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., OF YORKSHIRR, HAVIS OPENED A BRANCH IN M SNCHESTER. LOANS GRANTED NO LESS THAN ElO, TO ANY AMOUNT ON PROMISSORY ROTS, ALSO ON FURNI- ICHE WITHOUT REMOVING. REPAYMENTS TO SUIT BORROWERS. APPLY :—THIS BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 83, BRIDGB-STREET. DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER. TELEPHONE No. 331 x.

£5, £7, £lu, £2o, £&, LOU, XIUU. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householders, on their own aeourity, without delay. On your simple written promise to pay Fonok. FAIR AND DONOORABLO DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. at. ()OWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBIIRS, WID2HI3, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL MANAGER : JOHN E. GOOD WIN. .9.—nstablielhed t thig Fw.ntv

ADVANCES FitONI ..£5 TO £1,000.-THIS OLD NS FABLISHED and well known office for honest and straightforward dealings is prepared to make ADVANCES on PROMISORY NOPE to HOUSEHOLDERS, COW- FOOTERS. PARMIOtS, GARDNISNI and OTUER on very reasonable Interest. Farmers and others can voly on honest deal!ngs. dO FEES. Ni) HILL OF SALE. NO EiONns.MRN. NO FINNS if behind with payment. Only try once this ofrice and you will never deal with any other office. Letters promptly attended to.—Apply to the Manager J. CALVERT, °LAUGHTON CHAMBERS, ST. HELENS

===== 0002601_19060630_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLISHED 1884.

DROF ESSIONA-C-O-e-nile-m—eri-,-Tarmers, trades- people,and respectable honsehAders can have Immediaf Advances from £lO to £l,OOO privately, on note of b. id only, at easy rates ; no fees charged ; hundreds of testi- monials to my honourable and prompt dekliags ; no genuine ROplicant refused ; each advanced on all kin Is of de•de, shares, or any kind of security, on most retormable terms ; distance no object, letters promptly attended to JOHN FoIATOHRII, 17, TIIOMAI sr., Shulehill, Mancheoter. Tel. : 3922.

TARE NOTICE—No FINNS—NO SECURITIES. HAVING A LARGE CAPITAL IN COMMAND we are prepared to make PRIVATE and PROMPT ADVANCES in sums from £lO to £5,001,f0r auy purplse at the Lowest rate ot Interest in Lancashire and on the following easy repayments : EH) Loan from 3s. weekly. £5O Loan from 15s. weekly. £23 , , 6s. ~ £lOO ' 33,., MONTHLY OR QUARTERLY REPAYMENTS TAKEN. Larger amounts on terms to suit borrowers. No Delay. Strict Confidence whether business Is done or not. Distance no object.—Aoply to the actual lenders, where you are sure to be satisfied with the terms. S %NIUE fm A O. QUERN CHAMBERS, b, JOHN DAL TON ST., MANCHESTER.

PLICASE NOTE ADDRESS.—MAURICE & CO 31, CAIRO ET., WAREINOTON, THE MOST PRIVATE AND GENUINE OFFICE IN TOWN. I LEND MONEY to anybody worthy of cyedlt. My rite of Interest is very low, and my repayments easy: Repay- ments may be made as follows :- 23 Loan... Is. week Iv. CO Loan... 3s. weekly. £5 Loan... Is. 6,1. weekly. £l2 L0ae...13e. 6d. weekly. £7 Loan... Is. weekly. £2O Loan.-- hs. weekly. ;Other sums In proportion. Monthly or Quarterly Payments taken. All transastlons treated with strictest confidence. whetter business Is done or not.

So eall or writ!) before you declide to go elsewhere, to the Manageress. MISS COITERILL, 31, CAIRO ST., WARRINGTON'.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, BING-STREKT, HANLEY, AND 13, NEIFGATE STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON sIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. DA it TIE ts wisbing tor temporary CA.SI:I ADVAN:JES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD-. • ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSIEM OP SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROW ER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARR ,NOT PUBLISHED MANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEETION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent eases a Representative a 111 cal personallyupon applicants and complete the transactions altlatir own home - or places of business. My fair dealirg andeasonable charges are widely Ica) e• and my reputation stands unrivalled .

i

===== 0002601_19060630_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
4Q..:.(iS i;.1'...:.';i)ri...:.-':-..i.-.•..:?,:,-..:k.,..7.... .,:, - .. ._.._

===== 0002601_19060630_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
I

WOMEN'S CHAT.

Norway's Queen.—Queen Maud of Norway grows more and more like Queen Alexandra ss time goes on, and shews too, much of her Majesty's great charm of manner. Queen Maud also possesses considerable tact, and never fails to say the right thing at the right moment. To her little four year old son, Prince Olaf, Ithe Queen is absolutely devoted, but despite all the adoration this small Royal personage receives,he stands no chance of becoming spoilt. Queen Maud has fol- lowed very closely in the footsteps of her illustrious mother, in the management of her nursery, and holds that the children who are taught strict obedience, and who have their time well filled up and mapped out, are the happiest and best. Since her arrival at Christiania, the Queen has greatly altered and beautified the private apartments in the Palace to which she brought much in the way of furniture, china, pictures, books and curios. For all animals—particularly horses- and dogs—her Majesty has a greet love, and King Edward's corona- tion gift of three fine horses must have been a particu- larly welcome one to Norway's Queen. Dress at Ascot.—Very pale grey toilettes were much in evidence at Ascot, and these were more admired than the all-white ones—and certainly cooler-looking. Vivid touches of colour—green generally—were added, the ,• colour being repeated in the hat and sunshade. With ; these particular gowns, very pale grey swede gloves were worn, indeed there is quite a run at the moment I upon pale grey gloves for wear with white, and all coloured frocks. Fewer elbow sleeves were to be seen ; the full floating transparency from elbow to wrist, grasing several gowns. This mode was set by Lady IMary Hamilton—now the Marchioness of Graham—and we owe her a debt of gratitude for we have witnessed enough exhibitions in the way of arms to last a life- time. We are familiar—painfully familiar—with the, ' bony, scraggy varieties ; the leg-of-mutton specimens I and shades varying from yellow to mahogany, but many , of us have yet to make the acquaintance of the pretty, moderately plump, creamy, dimpled aim, beloved by the writer of fiction and so seldom evident in real life. Truly our arms are not our strong point, and on the principle of" better late than never," we should hasten to cover them up from the light of day. New Veils.—A remarkable feature of Ascot, from a woman's point of view, was the very long and very fragile veil, worn by almost all the elegantly dressed women. The fabric is new, a mixture of tulle and chiffon, and very pale blues,silvery greys, and pale pinks I 1 are apparently the chosen colours. In arrangement, the new veil differs entirely from the" fall "of a year ago. It is first draped loosely over the face and hat, then ! caught up behind, the one Jong end being brought down, and lightly twisted round the throat, and finally thrown carelessly over one shoulder. To the woman past her youth, the new veil will proven blessing indeed, I, as the pretty transparency covers in the most delightful , fashion, all hollows and lines about the neck. ; The Forthcoming Sales.—Owing to a somewhat , treacherous late spring, and early summer, very real , bargains will be obtainable at the July sales. Perhaps the greatest reductions may be looked for in the ready- made robe departments, the blouse department, the underwear departments, and he millinery showrooms, I but furs, rain and dust coats, ready made coats and skirts, ca-toat-cas, and sunshades, will be among the articles marked considerably below the original price. In these days a hen one is permitted—even at sale time —to wander at will throughout the large emporiums without hindrance or question,the seeker after"sacrifices" I should find little difficulty in securing them, but she should see to it that a list of all requirements is made I out very carefully before sallying forth and that the sum total to be expended has been, as nearly as possible serluendgui oall save Years.—The tendency for November , to dress May fashion still continues, andj this summer 1 the lingerie hat is being donned by twiny women who

~_ A SUMMER CHILL , can cherish no hope of seeing—to put it very moderately : —fifty again. It is true that the black chiffon lining ; the cheux of black chiffon, and black quils, approved by That developed alarmingly. I milliners for women no longeryoung,do away somewhat Painfully Emaciated and Weak. I with the juvenileappearance ox such headgear. still it is , an undesirable cheice, and the wearers draw upon them- Threatened by Consumption, i selves much criticism, and not always undeserved con- tempt. Never has the assortment of styles been more Brought back to Health by • varied than now, and it would assuredly he better to leave the " baby" hat to the really youthful people. Irlfi Or. 'lliams' Teetotalism.—There is et the present time a decide,l !neve in Society towards teetotalism especially among women and girls. For this happy state of affairs we are PliffiTi,qf P "WS unquestionably in great measure indebted to the better class of beauty doetors, several of whom refuse atients i unless they agree to give up all wines and spirits, and 4, r got caught in a ehdwer at a picnic," said Miss restrict themselves to plain or mineral waters. Other Maggie Simpson, of Stirling Village, near Peterhead, points insisted upon by the really genuine and very he- day's outing would hnvecost me my life had it not been genuine beauty A doctor are a simple diet, the daily berdeenshire, '` and my dress was soaked by rain. That quent changes of underwear. That absolute cleanliness, for Or. Williams' Pink Pills, which rescued me from a teetotalism and plain food will work wonders for the terrible illness and brought me hack to health. After general health of their patients, and—incidentally— this soaking I caught a chill,zarl, before long, the mis- their complexion, the beauty doctors are well aware,but all the same if they have succeeded in getting girls and chief had settled is my lungs. Acute pains seized me in mychest, and a bad cough made me expectorate women to realise and live up to this fact, they will quantities of blood. Me state of health became sera- . have merited very real gratitude. - ous, and for weeks I was kept in bed under medical : The Dangers of Motoring.—The motor car, so say the treatment. A doctor told nay mother I waethreatened ' doctors, is responsible for several new diseases. One with consumption, and Ra the chest pains increased so is a peculiar state of nervous tension, brought about I continued to bring up more blood. Then I had to go ' mainly by racing ; another is an affection of the eyes, into hospital, where I remained foe six weeks ; all this• due to the dust and ranid,inotion ; and yet another is time I as frightfully emaciated and weak. Nothing ' a kind of Jerky affection of the head duo to the cease- gave me hope, and at length I was taken home again, less, dodging "look-out.' Never were, nervous break where I lay for months an invalid. downs more common than they are nowadays, and it "It was a sad time for my parents,who greatly feared seems all too probable that before long homes of rest they would lose me. One day mother asked rue to try for motorists will be among the most needed institu- Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People and though tions of the country. every other treatment had failed so utterfy,l consented. The Care of Gems and Jewellery.—All rings contain- I was surprised to find when I had taken these pills a lug gems should be removed before washing the hands little time that I felt stronger, and improved in health as the soup tends to loosen the setting, and whee not generally. I persevered, and then my lungs healed, the iiiuse, the rings sholild be kept in a box of saWflust. coughing and bleeding stopped, and I began to put, on Opals, which despite superstition are greatly in vogue, 'flesh. Then I found a healthy appetiteand could digest need perhaps of all precious stones, the most care, as food., Within three months no one would have recipe- , they are neither so hard or so flinty as other gems. At nized rne—l was so completely altered and restored. intervals they should be re-polished, otherwise they My health and spirits are excellent now,and it is nearly deteriorate in value, moreover they must never be struck. a year since my cure was effected." A sharp knock is often fatal to an opal, and many Common pills coated pink willinot cure you ; only beautiful specimens have been destroyed in this way. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, (full name on Plaited geld rings should occasionally be placed in a every box) make good, rich blood and cure Anemia, bowl of warm soapsuds, to which a little prepared chalk General Weakness, Indigestion, Eczetne Rheumatism, i has been added, and scrubbed with a soft brush, then Sciatica, St. Vitus' Dance, Nervous Disorders nee ' rinsed in clear cold water, well driecl,andflnallypolished Ladies' Ailments. Of all dealers, or direct from Or. I with a chamois leather. Williams' Medicine Co., Holborn-viaduct, London, 1 24. ed. a box,' or six for 13s. 9d.

MADGE.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS. ASQUITH AT HOME.

Few figures in that region of society which verges upon politics command so general an interest as the wife of the Chancellor of the Exchequer. In the July Pall Mall Magazine,", with the help of a number of beautiful photographs, we get a faithful and intimate personal study of Mr. and Mrs. Asquith in the town house of the family, surrounded by their children, their bobbies, and their books. The entrance to Mr. Asquith's house (No. 20) has an imposing porch with Corinthian columns, and inside the front door one is ushered into a spacious hall, that is not without an air of comfort. The walls in .wooden panels of bold design are painted in white, and the ceiling bears that deep, rich moulding often Mind in the mansions of the Queen Anne arm early Georgian periods. The whiteness of the walls is relieved by the six massive doors of rich dark mahogany, which are possessions to be envied by people who build houses to-day. The caddie-bags with golf-clubs in the corner are an evidence of enthusiasm for the game, but, i curiously enough, they belong not to our host, but to his wife. Mrs. Asquith is often seen on the links at St. Andrews with Lord Ribblesdale. Mr. Asquith is not a skilful golfer, though of late years he has become . an ardent and expert motorist., and the owner of two smart and powerful cars. Passing through the first door on the right; we find ourselves at once in the library, a lofty, comfortable roomp with black oak floor-hoards partially covered by i an Eastern carnet. Above the bookcases, n the white- painted wooden panels, are. hung rare engravings, mainly portraits of the Prime Ministers of England. On the table, amongst a mass of orlicial-looking docu- ments, one notes more than one portrait of Mrs. Asquith, while several of her sketches ornament the room. The tine old Chippendale chairs are piled up with notable Blue-books, and various scarlet dispatch- boxes stamped in gold letters. Just behind the desk, 'and evidently a precious possession, is a large framed photograph of the late Queen, with the following inscribed in her own flowing hand: "Victoria, R. 1., June 22, 1897. 1837-1897." Crossing the wide hall, we enter Mrs. Asquith's morning-room,an exceedingly pretty and dainty apart- ment. One need not be told that Mrs. Asqnith is a fine horsewoman and a keen follower of the hounds ; the rare old hunting prints about the walls reveal the fact to the most casual observer. But you get an impressioa I of a very different kind from a glance at the hundreds of neatly bound volumes in the many bookcases around this room, a selection which betrays not the usual read- ing of the society woman, but that of a keen student of , literature, of humanity, and of the world's progress. Mrs. Asquith's bedroom, facingithe square, has access ' through one of the long windows to a balcony running well out over the porch. That she hunts with the Quorn and with the Cottesmore is plain enough, not only from ' the hunting whips in the rack, but from the many hunt- i sag pictures hung about. Let into the wall over the I heed of the bed is a large Florentine china Madonna i and Child, to which Mrs. Asquith attaches a peculiar ; reverence and admiration, even as to a crucifix and . praying-stool near by. The walls on eitger side are , covered by signed photographs of mementos of Mrs. , Asqnith's more intimate friends and family; and numer- ous photographs of herself, taken with her young son or , daughter in her arms. The telephone by the side of the bed shows that Mrs. Asonith is not only energetic, but that sje is over ready to be called to either of her two yortfg children—Elizabeth, girl of six or seven, and Anothony, the curly-headed bairn of three. Most of us remember that Mr. Asquith by his first wife had five children—four sons, Raymond, Herbert, Arthur, and Cyril. and one girl, Violet ; but this is a happy family where there is no division. A bright, joyous English home, enlivened by his ' children and graced by a woman who practises well and wieely the art of home-keeping, is that of the custodian: of our National Purse, but the cares of the nation leave him all two few hours to enjoy it.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

ME

===== 0002601_19060630_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
OWN

===== 0002601_19060630_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MIIP

===== 0002601_19060630_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
UR INDIGESTION.PS The Examiner, Saturday, June 30, 1906

WOMAN'S REALM.

)

DRESS-TASHION-HOME. IA SON OF EMPIRE.

AMERICAN 'WOMANLINESS. . Dr. Emil Reich, writing in London Opihiors, By MORLEY ROBERTS, says that not only is the American woman not vvonianly, in fthe sense in which all the nations Author of "The Western Avernus," " Strnagj 'Mete and True, " "The Earth Mother," "Red Earth.• in Europe ufiderstanci this word, but she cannot "The Great Jester," Ae. possibly be womanly. The role, the necessary —. role, she plays in the States renders it indis- pensable that her fibre of womanliness ,/ be CHAPTER XV. blunted and coarsened at an early date. ,Having For though she had been through all the stages in youth been co-educated with man. "having seen of exaltation and , despair for weeks after her of him not only much but far too much at a escapade at Paris, vet when the news came home time when first impressions are stroege.st. she that her hero and lover was fighting at the front soon gets inevitably tired of, men. There is no ' • she grew easier in mind • . arid at the same time was romance between the American young girl and young man; protracted familiarity has long joyful to tears. Even if it came out now and she un dermined all pessible romance. - was disgraced, he would forgive her, and when they knew for what a hero she had plotted the ' SMART 'MORNING SIIIRT. others would not say she had really done wrong. The subject of our sketch is an exceedingly ,She was sure ieveryone hated Sir Dan; she noted smart and useful morning shirt, which would more than ever how cools Annette - was when she prove a most serviceable ,addition to the ,ward- alsely praised her father to her. ' • robe of those who are contemplating a seaside or I Perhaps Annette had. her suspicions that he was country holiday. The material of which this ,not a little of a ralascallion in his own way. And pretty blouse is fashioned is a pale blue linen, Miss Fielding was always especially stern when light in weight and rather loose in weave, her brother went to Paris. • - [ Down the 'front runs a wide box-plea piped on The earliest news of Blundell's having left Dum- either edge with a half-inch band of black-and- white striped linen or zephyr, and further Bum was contained in a Simla tele ' gram which adorned with ltrge black-and-white embroidered told of his hay.init been slightly wounded. This . - buttons. On either side of this box-pleat comes . was when the spetsh of lead tore his cheek, and the 'a. deep vandyked yoke, having its edges piped : first Goorkha was killed. Madge cut out the paragraph and carried-it close to her heart. In a morne of wild enthusiasm she sent off her photo- graph him, and then was terribly ashamed, and hoped he wouldn't recognise it. For it.rertainlY was not a good one really; it did not do her justice. What, indeed; could do justice to colour that came and went—to the dear dash of. her divine sweet eyes, to the nimble motions of her supple body ,? She blushed at herself in the answering glass that sent her messages of what she was, even as one glass spoke to another in the far-off hills, where the armies of those extraordinary Kaffir devils 11 crawled across the passes. . She read the war news eagerly. Richard was with Billy. She was glad she had sent those letters asking him not to tell her ,brother he knew her. Would he keep her letter? She wished she knew. And would he think it forward of, her to have written at all ? He would understand. She had a talk with Annette. "Why, here's a Blundell with Colonel Briggs!" exelaimed Annette. "Is he your Blundell, dear?" "Yes, he's my Blundell," said Madge, tenderly. "I do believe you're in love with him, you absurd girl." "Of course I am. Everyone knows that," cried Madge, suddenbe as bold as brass. "I told mother I'd marry him, and she said: ' If I am to 'be driven from my own drawing-room I am to be driven,' and she • thused ' me all that day." Then she took the bull by the horns, and, with a palpitating heart, remarked to Sir Dan that she saw Captain Blundell was at last at the front. And Sir Dan grunted furiously, and looked as black as the inside of a coal pit, land liras as rude as he could be in half-a-dozen wayg, so that he put Madge quite at her ease. "Horrid cross wretch! I don't care if I did steal his secret old thing," she cried. "It serves him right for being so rude. I've a good mind to send another telegram which 'will shew them what a nasty temper he has." But what with reading all the papers and assuring her mother that Billy would not get killed, and defending herself against her mother's courtshiP on behalf of Maitland, she had her hands full and overflowing. And all the time she Was anxiously, wondering if her trick would ever be foutul outs and, if so, what then? News came of the first bie fight 'at Karrik Nullah, and ih the telegram Billy and Richard were , mentioned as both wounded. THE SIN OF DULNESS. i "Only slightly, only slightly," insisted Madge i At one time, says -a World writer, the un- • when Mrs. Gretton fainted in artistic attitudes on pardonable sin was to be "found out." You chosen sofa cushions. "It will do him good." • " might urge on your wild career to any extent so I cried , Mrs. "You wretched, unMeling child! % long as it avoided making an esclandre: but Gretton. "Of"away from me!" that', of course, was some time ago. Now we Are "You neecln'. talk to me as if I was Satan," said told that if one would save one's social A soul Madge, pertly. , "Because I'm not." alive one must never be dull. Presumably this "You wieleet. irreligious girl," cried her mother, 'means that we must never confess to ennui—we sobbing. "I espect the Commandments if you do must be so busy doing nothing always that we not respect me. i must never admit that time hangs heavy on our "Which one?" asked Madga, with wide-open hands. There is somethin, "o not answer me. g in this, of 'course,. eves • but why admit it? We are not so honest and truthful in other matter, that we need be ID ' . squeamish over this. Instead of seeking per- is w—w—ounded. , petual distraction and living in a ceaseless whirl, So Midge retired to read the tilegrain over again. why not sometimes dissemble, as indeed we do And she decorated Richard till he staggered under so often when we take those mysterious -rest- medals, and to his other ()eiders (given him by her- cues" that serve as such convenient excuses self), she added a few more. And then she fell On nowadays? There are some of us, however, who the bed and burst nut Crying. manage to have a good time in, quite a placid ‘4O Richard, Richard, don't get killed!" fashion, who even find an odd moment to read The next teleerani contained the account of the the daily papers, to dine, to be massaged, sham- fight at dawn, when Blundell cleared out the meh sham- pooed, telephone to friends, and manage various other quite simple and unexciting things. on the hill above the,stone shoot Madge spatched the paper from her mother and leftr that lady for a SWEET' SWEET-PEAS. „ moment as cold and salt and rigid as Lot's wife. Dinner-tables are just now decorated with the "Margaret!" she cried, furiously. frail and charming poppy and the fragrant and '"Well, mother," said Madge, behind the paper, homely sweet-pea. The lightness and the Colour which quivered in her hands. of these flowers make them peculiarly appropri- "Margaret! ate, and the exquisite variety of tints in the ",oh, bother!" said Madge. "Oh, it's glorious! sweet-pea has render Ail the cultivation of the I'm so glad. I knew he would. He ought to be flower, once only reserved for cottage gardens, a a General." perfect work of art and labour of love to the "Margaret I" screamed her mother. ',• sweet-pea fancier. The old-fashioned habit of "He's not hurr Billy's • all right," said lumping all the kinds of sweet-pea in a mass has Margaret. "Oh, isn't it fine of him ? " given place to a careful sorting of tints, as is Mrs. re o , 'G„ n • pointed- out by Lady Violet Greville .in the being reduced to primitive Graphic, and the sweet-pea border is now one of methods, tore the paper from her unanaviering the most beautiful and most eared for in the child. garden.

with a band of the black-and-white material, and boasting embroidered buttons at intervals all round. A second and smaller yoke is simu- lated above by means of Vandyked bands of pip- ing and black-and-white buttons. Below the yokes the blouse is simply gathered slightly and allowed to ,pouch loosely over the waist- band of black silk. The sleeves 'are full to the elbow, where they are set into a deep cuff of the material, finished top and be.ttom with pip- ings of black and white. The blouse is com- pleted by a smart stock of black silk and an embroidered lalim collar.

Go! Oh, oh, my b—b—oy

, . "Go to your remn, Margaret.. Your breakfast ' commander-in-Chief: . DAINTY BATHING-StIT. ' shall be ;sent to You. George, do you see how I i Madge stared and was thunderstruck.). Each succeeding summer brings 'that erstwhile am treated ? Am .r not to be allowed to know what . "He ugly garment the bathing-dress more and more happens to the only boy I have who may be dead— "MY. don't you knoW him?" she cried. was on Colonel Briggs's staff within the realm of the beautiful, and women dead by now?" . ; ; Oh, and he did ever so well., going up to Gulistan er-- of to-day study their bathing-costumes as care- -"Let's hope not, Amelia," said Gretton, attack- ; Silo looked reproachfully at the Comm andin t fully as any -other sin the toast. easide toilet. We do not . Chief, }rho felt ;t it was really wrong of him no intend discussing those costly and marvellous "It's all very-well for you," cried his wire, when •to have remembered what he did not recall having ,g ;mat bathing-suits that are meant for promenade Madge had gone, "but whom did that girl refer , wear only, but such as that shown in our sketch,' to? Tell me,' beg." • le les-ram ?" . "Then you don't know about tl tie ever known. . wlfich while really being a dainty-looking “I think she meant that pet of hers, Blundell."' i . - cried Madge, who would have. much preferred that , ..............5 "She ought not to have menat him. It is he ;la 4 improPen It is scandalous! Would she were "What telegram? Tell it me all," cried : married ! I dread her future !" ' Grahat , 'encouragingly. ' And by innuendo, with parentheses, in which , "Olt, es, but I .can't," said Madge, "and I ' she lamented her faulty digestion, she marked out must. ut you'll say it was wicked of me, and I ; for Margaret an awful career, ending on the cold know it was, and Sir Dan will hate me, and I'm . doorstep of a reformatory. so afraid he'll tell my mother." .. But .Madge went that afternoon and sent her . ; "Sir Daniel Fielding, do you mean?" ' telegram to Billy, the teleoram that, flashed .her 1 Madge nodded and wiped -her eyes. • . love from the iron ring of hills above the valley of! . 't-And I hate him. Be's horrid, and it was his t ;i . Gi'lli. The answer made her heart warm. fault I did t." I Blundell sent, his love and kind regards. ' . "What did you do 7 For Heaven's sake let me , g4I don't care now if I am found out," cried hear the crime?" cried Graham, ,who; was now , Madge. "He's a hero. 0 Richard, Richard, wondering whether be was im his head or his heels. shall 1. ever see you again? You Sent the love, ,not 6 ? .`aT sent a tqlegram to Sir Eustace Camborne, the kind regards, I know." ' telling him titt Secretary of State wanted him to And then the days drifted by and there was no give Captain Blundell something good," blurted more fighting. Billy's first letters came in, and he raved of Blundell. It was Blundell this, and out Madge, a scarlet as the rug. s "Oood Lerd !" said Graham, and then to Madge's Blundell that, until Mrs. Gretton's uneasiness Wili and his men Surprise he went off into a perfect pathetic to behold. One would have thought his name contamination. She was certain that an shout of laughter. y- His visitor stared at him in wonderment. Surely one whom Madge liked, even though she had never there was nothing .. seen hint, must be essentially bad. She tried to funny in it. "And what happened theta?" asked the Cora- burke onc. letter, but Madge suspected, and, mander-in-Chief, wiping his eyes. applying to her father, won the day after a battle "Why, of course, Sir Eustace did it," said royal, in which Mrs. Gretton brought up her hut Madge. "You see lie will want something hero reserves by threatening to die at once. when he comes back, and so naturally he would Then Billy's letter to her came, and with it do it." Nemesis and despair. The letter Might indeed be "There's eomething in that," nodded the Chief. vague, for Billy knew nothing. But if Richard was "But come, now, what does all this mean ? You ensuing home in disgrace it was because they had couldn't send a telegram yourself that would do found out the trick she had played them, and any good." . blamed her darlirig man-for it. Inptead of honour "No. • I knew that," said Madge, innocently, "so and stecess her gifts to him were rkin and shame. I put Sir Dan's signature to it. She'rushed.for her hat, and was for going straight "The deuce !" whistled the Chief, and, after off to Sir Daniel to tell him all about ft. ' Then trying to keep his face straight, be fairly laughed . ' . her pride rose up like a wall ; she could not if she till he cried. And Madge wondered whether it 'died for it. Mattered very much after all. She went through intolerable tortures for twenty- "And I got Sir Dan's cipher, too, and that's ; is-hat I ant most sorry abont," said Madge, rapidly. four hours. Her, lively and extravagant mind set "But I thought if I didn't Sir Eustnee wouldn't her in the dock for forgery. She was tried and, do anything because it didn't look official. And I ii,mtenced, with . Richard looking on. She spent c years in prison, and on coming nut was met by made it as ificial as I could, Lord Graham. And, they did it and, Captain Blundell went him, Os not met by him., Her father committed-- anyway, suicide, her mother had paralysis; she was cut by with Colonel Briggs and was wounded twice and the county. . fought mcist—mest bravely. And I'm sure if you No sleep for her that night. Her pillow was it bad known what a good man he was you would burning rock ; then it was drenched with rain of never have allowed them to keep him at Dum-Dum, teara. She rose Up and paced her room, a sweet which is a horrid place, and nothing to do but AA palpitating Lhost. with big blue eyes of terror. shoot snipe, so Richard (Captain Blundell) says. "0 Richard, what Will they do to you ?'' And hies come home because they say he did it ; She wept afresh upon the manly shoulder of her or, at least, I-helieve so ; and please tell sue ho 'hardest pillow and patted it tenderly, won't come to any harm about it.." , "And what to me? Don't let theta! Don't let Graham pulled himself together and triad to them ! Take me away, Richard I Take me away!" look very stern. It was really a failure, and he Dawn creeping timing!, wintry trees and knew it. craw:Mg into her window like a grey fog found her perhaps, if you don't stop him Sir David Fielding pallid and a-tremble. Her head ached, her eyes will turn him out of the army," cried Madge, "for were Leavy, their lids swollen. She looked at the he's always hated him ever since something, I don't cold glass, and was shocked. Then tears took her .know.what. And if anyone is to be punished, oh, rin, She went back to bed and was cold as any punish me!" stone. Warmth came to her slowly, and she fell, She looked like crying' again, and the Chief asleep, and hours later woke more courageous. frowned. She would go and see Lord Graham, the "I think I'd better ask Sir Daniel to come here," Commander-in-Chief. ' Then as she thought of it said he. .

affair in no way interferes the move- ments of the swimmer. Galatea and serges still remain the favourite bathing materials of the average seaside girl, and the Costume at present under discussion is in a thin scarlet serge. It is made as a tunic, fastening over slightly towards the left side, the cellar and skirt being hemmed with a tan-coloured serge, and the trimming being tan and scarlet braid. The short puff sleeves end in a narrow band of the same trimming.

kito' 'al ',Pl,t, -,ft,.-, •;_.....-- 4.17 .10k 412, • . - % • ' "1,1, ~1 7 t, 4 - ' Cir V I / / it, • 14 . - \ 1,,\ 1 \\.l 11); 1 , •,,r \_ 1 li ' ..,,,,,•_. •, „: '.: . ;, , _ ..,....... ~,' • , .....,r.„.7.1, , 1 ,e/ 'if : ,'6.: • ) i/• ii \\.,'l,;,,‘‘ I „.. A

...t - , \„;.:-..- . ,e;•••• v... 1 • a -.,... cfit'il '-'• ' = , -: ~ • , ; "‘,..\, . . ...%•47.: ...,,,4,,V-..1;* ' 7°' • I •.' :. Y. :!* __.....!...--- / .:- /. ' , f... .k. • , -;'" i : • i . ' 1' i, q,..i 1r "} S, Pl', i 4 IN- ''''"- '• ' , t, ; , ‘ I. \r• \I r , , . .'' .0 ;HQ i , .. • , 1 • ,' '• • • • /A. ':f77-ia.- 11 , li 'I ! . , i , -4 ..,. , I . , •-• .......,*...„,.>1.,ttzi . , ---- ' le with "

===== 0002601_19060630_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAT'S RECIPE.

VANILLA CREA sh—Line ft mould with clear lemon jelly, decorate with strips of bottled pine- apple, apricot, peach, and pear, then fill up with the /following mixture: Pitt a gut of milk and the same quantity of cream in a saucepan with 2oz. of sugar and a little vanilla essence. Allow the mixture to come to the lion. then add toz. gelatine, previously dissolved in a little water. t-vo beatPn rolks of tures.' and stir over the fiii eiTY the mixture Is of the consistency or very thick cream. When cooled slightly add a wines glassful of maraschino, and lastly pint of stiffly beaten cream. pour into the lined mould, and set on ice till required.

=ME

===== 0002601_19060630_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Mill

axe! shook with excitement, she remembered that if Billy's letter had come Richard would be here too. Bat now he was perhaps cashiered. She recalled awful things of such and such as officer dismissed, "the Queen baring no further occation for his services." 'Few words carried so terrible a meaning. Such a phrase was the black cap of military justice. And now she saw tat Richard, knowing his own innocence, must of necessity suspect her. What would he think, or do, or say, or feel ? She must see him or must write ; but first, first of all, she must let Lord Graham know that Captain Blundell was not guilty. She thanked Heavqn they were in town twain, Had they been in the country it would have added to her difficulties. But no, she was not glad. Had they' been in tho,country she could have written, and this must be done at once —now, now 1 In spite of her mother's dragonship, a despotism tempered by sleeping till lunch-time, Madge had much liberty. Her bicycle and the park gave her exercise. She walked by herself, too. She had achieved a certain freedom after much warfare. She found the family at once the - last refuge of tyranny and the first school of revolt. Though the night had inade her pale the sleep following had renewed her. She was very beautiful, vary interesting, even splendid, when her eyes gleamed. And the rush through the frosty air brought her colour back. She drove in'a hansom to the War Office, and prayed she might not meet Sir Dan or Bobby Maitland there: Yet When lie knew, what would- .he say? She asked it a thousand times, and refused to answer lest her courage should fail her when Richard needed it so much. She almost lost her head at, the very beginning when she found herself past the sentry. But she carried herself bravely„ "Is Lord Graham, the Commander-in-Chief, here? " she demanded, panting. "Yes, ma'am, yes, miss," said the young Orderly she .had opened fire on. "Tap me up to his room." - Fortunately for her most of the messengers were away, and the Tommy Atkins she spoke to surrendered at discretion when he saw her eyes. ' He chewed her the room and was for retiring: "Oh, take my card in, please." But now a mighty messenger, a porter, a dragoon, came running. The orderly Jetire_fa routed, ,and almost ran. "What is it, madam ?" "I want to see the Commander-in-Chief," said lfadgi, now gradually recovering. "I'M afraid you can't, ma'am, unless you have an.appointment. Is it on business?" "No," cried ,Madge, almost furiously. " -private." Might it always be so, she prayed. Then she was aware of a softening of the porter, and he drew up at attention. A lithe and springy, bright-eyed man of sixty, with the eye of an hawk, and eiceedingly well dressed, had his hand almost on the handle of the door. "A lady to see you, my lord." A moment's visible irritability gave way on Graham's face to kindly amusement. This then was the Commander-in-Chief. Thank Heaven for the gracious gift of beauty, Madge! She found herself in the room and the door closed, and the bright Lord' of War was offering her a chair., "Oh, please, Lord Graham, did you get my card?" He had not yet had the pleasure, and when he did have it he wondered what this meant. Not married, eh ? Then she could not be the wife of an Indian officer who had come straight to him to get an indulgence passage out. And yet she looked dangerously neat to weeping. He knew they all wept. The Quarter-Master-General often had a deuce of a time with lonely wives who could not afford the money to join their husbands. Bt this was really a beautiful girl. "Well, Miss Gretton, what can I do for you?" He spoke so kindly that Madge instantly put up her veil, made an effort to smile, and burst into. tears. • "I thought so," said the Commander-in-Chief, who now considered himself under artillery fire. "I. beg your, pardon," sobbed Madge, "but 1 can't help it. And I'm so sorry." "Don't distress yourself, I beg," said Graham. But that made her worse. Graham was a man of Considerable experience and no fool. In spite of opposing cliques it is rather rare for a Commander- in-Chief to be quite a fool. Or at any rate to com- mence as one. SO next time he spoke sharply. "No! Stop crying, if .I,Am please," he said, and was gratified to observe that she stopped instantly. "I wanted th‘tell, I that did it, She began. you, Lord Graham, that it was "Did what? " asked Graham. "I sent the telegram, `and I know it was very wrong of me," cried Madge, "but it wasn't fair of thein'to treathim as they did; and I wasn't going to sit down and see it done." Graham stared at her very hard, but dismissed the notion that she was a lunatic. No lunatic could be 89 beautiVil and so sweet. "Weald you mind telling int what you are referring to ?" he asked, politely. "I mean the, telegram to Sir Eustace Camborne. And now they've sent him home, and they say he's in disgrace. And, oh, Lord Graham, it was I who did it, and I'm very sorry." "Sent Sir Eustace Camborne home ?" cried Graham. "No, I hope not, surely." It was a common opinion that Graham and Camoi-no got on exceedingly, well with about 180 deg. of longltude tetween t em. "No Lord Graham,. I -me „.- n Blundell." "And who is Captain lunciell ?" asked the _

===== 0002601_19060630_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Madge clasp:A her hands. "Oh, don't, don't! I couldn't face him." eh, cried, pitifully. "He'll be so angry." "Well, you know---,—"

_ "Well, I will then. if yott want me to, Lord Graham. I'd rather die,'but I will," she said, more gravely. The Chief toncled a bbll -and a messenger appeared. "Ask Sir Daniel Fielding to see me if he's In the office," said Lord Graham. - "There now, don't be frightened: He shan't eat you," cried Graham, cnnsolingly. "Oh, thank you," said Madge. But her heart almost stopped beating when she recognised a rapid step. outside.

‘1 What Madge!" cried Sir Dan. ,"This young lady has come to see meabout sOme- tiling rather serious," Paid the Chief. "What's this -about a Captain Blundell and a telegram, Fielding? " dr Sir Dan looked black enough then. "A very serious matter I'm afraid, Lord Graham," he began. But Madge spoke. And in such a different Voice that the Chief started. It was as cold and deal as a bell.

"It's not at all serious for Captain Blundell," she cried, "and if it's serious for anyone, it's So for me. For I sent this telegram! " "You?" cried ,Sir Dan.. "You ? Impossible You couldn't have done it."

"I did, I did!" said Madge, getting up and facing him with blazing eyes. "I did. I stole your cipher, Sir Dan, and I made it up. And I looked at the signalling instructions and all kinds of Things. Anfl I asked old Colonel Knowles how such telegrams were sent. And he told Inc. I sent it from Paris myself! I did. I did. And it viasn't Captain Blundell at all. I did it for him, and I'm glad, I'm glad! " She broke down again and choked. And Bir Dan turned purple. He felt i's if he could have struck her. He tried to speak, but could not. "I daresay you can put me in prison," cried Madge, passionately, "but I don't care if you do. And I'll tell everyone how you hated Captain Blundell. And how you ruined him. I know all about it. Lord Graham, I said I was sorry, but I don't_helieve I am, really. No, I'm not at aIL I'mffot.' • "Good Heavens!" cried Sir Dan. And without another word he turned and left the room.

Madge turned to, the Chief with burning eyes, which gradually clouded. She looked at hint piteously, and, sitting down, dissolved again into tears.

"By Jove I" muttered Graham, to himself. "This Blundell is a lucky dog, if only he knows it. But what the deuce does she mean about Fielding being his enemy ?" "Come now, don't cry," he said, half tenderly, forgetting his wisdom. "And what did you mean by saying Sir Daniel was this Captain Blundell's enemy ? " \ "He is," said Madge, raising her heavenly eyes to him, "and he always was. My brother .Billy (he's in the gunners, and was with his battery with Colonel Briggs toe), told me about it. Some- thing when old Sir Dan was at Colchester." ' "Ha, ha!" cried the Chief. "So now I remember, DOW I see."

"Oh, what was it, tell me?" asked Madge, eagerly, wiping her eyes. But the Chief shook his head. "Nothing, nothing. Bdt do you know this Blundell well then? "

. - "I've only met him once. Or trwice, perhaps," said ,Madge, bashfully. "But he was unjustly treated. Now, wasn't he ? Should a man like that be a magistrate ? Please promote him nay, Lord Graham, now you , know it was not his fault. I did it." •

graham smiled. ...4"You're quite sure he didn't know anythi;2; about it? "

"Oh, positive," cried Madge, beaming. "How could he? But do you think Sir Dan will tell my people? And what do yoti think they 'll say? May I tell theta you are not very angry?" • The Chief screwed his mouth up. "My dear young lady, I ought to be very angry—" "But you are not, are you ?" The Chief shook his head and caressed his mobstache.

"Well, no, perhaps I'm not. But you really rnustn't say so."

Madge rose. "And in one way, Lord Graham, I am sorry, though I told Sir Dan I wasn't. But I'm glad now it's all right. And you will give him the P. 5,0.? " "What, Sir Dan asked the Chief, smiling. Madge made a mouth. "You know I mean Captain Blundell, Lord Graham."

"This is undue influence," said the Chief, "but if he deserves it I daresay he wilr have A.". ' "Thank you; thank you," cried Madge, now quite happy. "And I'm so glad I've seen you. For you have been so nice to me. But I was awfully afraid this morning." "And you are not now?" Madge smiled and picked up her parasol. "Good-bye, Lord Graliani." "Good-bye, Miss Gretton. And—I hope you'll always be happy ! " She looked at him swiftly, and blushed crimson. "Oh—" she said, and then foand herself in the rassaae. "Vhate'did be mean ?" she cried. An, stopping at the bottom of the stairs, she said:

."There, mar, I might have put in a word for poor Melville, who did so well in Bunnah. But I daresay I shall see him again." What a happy girl she was then: happy for soma brief moments till furious, cheated old Sir Dan came back to her mind. Would he sit down and take it quietly, or would he go to her mother and say awfu.l. things ? She felt sure one moment that he would do nothing, brt the next she imitgiqd ha might even now be requesting an interview with Mrs. Gretton. was more than .half afraid to go home. Where was Richard—were they- never to meet again ? qrev grief drifted down upon her: her ardour was chilled by a cold wind, lie...would never, never know what she had done for hint. Perhaps he did not care. , Then the gods looked dort and smiled. For in 'the grey grinl itreet, unlighted by any sun, and chill with December mist and fine sifted snow, came warmth and light and ardour and tropic colour. The cold azure -of a ragged break of clouds was heavenly blue ; the chatter and chirp of the sparrows made an angelic chorus of nightingales in rapture ; the song and smmd of inightiLondon an organ pealing thanksgivings. . For 'Richard, Richard Blundell ("my Richard; ,Annette ") came across the way from St. James's- square, evidently going into the War Office. lie did not see Madge ; nay, how should he know her in that veil, but hint she knew in a single heart-beat; she stopped and turned pale, and again was rosy. And as lifer hero crossed the street she cried his nine tenderly to herself, and justified her worship by seeing how impossible it wits for any soul not to adore him. She was his "dear little girl! " Oli, those mountains, - and the great lake and the . flowery meads of Canx and Les Avants, may they he blessed for ever: for there sweet love was born, ii very god upon Olympus. • - But now, was she to grasp the. opportune fruit, ready and golden to her outstretched hand, as she rode in the swift chariot of Time, or should she shriek and let it go ? An outrage against the gods of Amelia Gretton and happiness, or prim propriety _and long waiting and perhaps disaster. Where was he going, and why ? If he went into that office of the grim and regulated. machinery Of .war rine, since he knew not that' his .name was cleared, he might do awful unofficial acts, and reap dreadful crops in the Gazette. She saw a strange picture cf him tweakin.7 Sir Dzn's_nosa rG a Wax %lAA

............•Nissol•lk

,11 Picnic crunch give your friends a treat by turning out a Corn Flour Blancmange, surrounded with stewed fruit. The Blancmange, made in the morning or overnight, will carry perfectly in its shape, and the fruit in a bottle.

Any fruit, but only one Corn Flour Brown & Poison's "Patent."

===== 0002601_19060630_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
' •"I want to speak to you, Captain Blundell, but not here. My, father might come to the Carlton •inv minute." "The National Gallery," suggested Richard, and they walked towards it, he in wonderment, she .with tremulous ardour; sweet cunning and innocence making her bold and afraid, giving her schemes and elusion. She panted and said "Oh I" with a faint mlchin., of the breath; she put her hand upon ner benting''heart, and sang a little,ode of Love, and was ashamed at the applause of her warm pulses. How fide a man he was; how grim, how great; a noble Berserker, a' Viking, a warrior. Since she had loved him what had he teen through; how often had he looked death in the face, and cut death down. What Distinguished Service Order could reward him to his merits ? Lesser men wore crowns. This was the hour his hardened heart softened. Such pathetic, warm admiration would have bent line steel. And shall the tuning fbrk answer to its silenced fellow, and an attuned heart not respond ? ~he had been a dream, an elusive vision ig,,QL Himalayas ; now she was with him, by his very side, real, palpable, fair as a rose, eyed lik a dewy Tiplet. let what was it that she had to say ? Had she done ;this thing? Oh, ifeshe had, how sweet, how strong! A ,true, brave, feminine soul, with all its weaknesses. - ('Jo be continued.) IP

irEMEMEMOMMENi... ,•••=lll.l ----"" SOLD EVERYWHERE at is. lid., 2s. 93., 45.6 d.. and Ils 0 nbridqes LUNG TONIC A . ......, woRLD:rs"...,... ."-TrOVISi. COLDS. BRONCRITTA •ARFITIVA. &C._

1,

loose. He inuat le sai•ed : ltWiti'Verdlistr Fir manifest duty. Get to heel, then, inclination: Duty, the good dog, has his hour. "0 Captain Blundell, Captain Blundell, please What faint whisper is- the wintry breeze was z. this ? He marched on, oblivious of the faint, feminine sparrow chirp; marched past fair fortune, trod over the golden mine, and was leasing her , , open-mouthed and voiceless, when an emissary of . the gods, perhaps Cupid's self, disguised-in cuffs • and rags, stayed him with a ragged bellow, bring- ing blushes to Madge's disappointed cheeks. I• "Hi, guv'nor, 'ere's a lidy warnts,to speak to yer I " Bless you, Cupid, leafing handy! "Yes, I did want to, Captain Blundell !".. "0 Madge Gretton, Madge Gretton, is it you ?" Take the half-crown, Cupid, and depart to the nearest vineyard, where Bacchus lolls on casks, and drink to them. You have done good work to-day, if you work no more. Grim and sombre Mars looked down on this young goddess who trembled and was brave. "Billy wrote to me about you, about you're being in trouble!" "He's a fine bray° boy," said Blundell, warmly. "How did he know / "

ek Prai /14 • seol:

10 • • le had lten heath could towns. iftened. sve bent ser to its • respond ? 112_4' .4 very nr a

/ q :14 .3,..... .i. W. I ---- 40 •I i

F. p 'r • NI Q 4. In

pi ! ,

===== 0002601_19060630_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"It's

===== 0002601_19060630_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
*Ts

ri

For Bilious and LiVer Troubles, FRAMPTON'S PILL OF HEALTH Has stood the test of time, and is equally recommended for men, women and children. All chemists and Stores at and 2/9 per box.

eet aties. 61.11ylast CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC fief s RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND MN

The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callo4ities",ctrl soles of the feet. If you suffer try a bog, ever regret it.

Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. M. Beetham Cc Sons Chemist Cheitenhat"

Du Nt, Dt

FOR COI Ae eytten °tempi)* leg, on Easy Terms, swifts, Rovers. Coventry Challenge, Triumphs, Slumbers, Centaurs and Singers, at rp°ogernts, s.Premiere. below ake r; prices, brings the World's Best Iticycles within the reach of all. A High-Grade Coventry-made Cycle for ~• £4 101- °rah 57. monthly cot, Sent on approval on receipt of small t 't • deposit. Allowance for t Madnites. • Write for Free Lists TO-DAY. Ist lr EDWARD O'BRIEN. LTD.. k World's Larze,t Cycle Healer. 10 Coventry. YEARS • - " w4l/1* RUARANT •• • • J. H. DOVENER & CO.,sI • Lri11..11114 ONC Union Liverpool E USED s K . Best and Cheapest for POMOES, CORN, &a. . . BLAIR,s Gout & Rheumatic Pills, A P1,.-tqant, Saf3 and Effectual Cure for •. GOUT, RHEUMATISM, LUMBAGO. •• and NEURALGIA. la; & 2/9. OF Abs. CHEMISTS. • . • ••:. ••.• ri7,l-•r I

St( a Rai Oot

.1

===== 0002601_19060630_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19060630_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
........

Warr Earle Newi ?re( St. St. H Stan.] Sr, at St w. ,1, P. B. b E. A. I. W, ha Tb

bF Cress w. R CE WO

*1

===== 0002601_19060630_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
G reg Harp Shaa Kerr, Gray

===== 0002601_19060630_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Moly b I Snryt Gleip ,rasyoir: Moot Stott ,bur novi lAiht J. Ta f6/Mi

===== 0002601_19060630_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Pla,E /11 ?•Prc(

===== 0002601_19060630_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
i; Pa, Ad' P 1 R a. b, G. NT flu

===== 0002601_19060630_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
v.w A, C. rst W. M T. W, T. RA

===== 0002601_19060630_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
EFt. on :

0 ! " Wa3 int, ine, her r of uffs ing-

===== 0002601_19060630_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
and she ence and aint ter

===== 0002601_19060630_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
S

===== 0002601_19060630_art0033.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

'Il

\

===== 0002601_19060630_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
WEST LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

FIRST DIVISION. Table to 33rd June, 1906. Pid. Won. Lost. Dr'n. Pts. Warrington 0 Earlestown Newton-le-Willows Prescot St. Helens Recs. St. Helens' Stanley ST. HELENS RECREATION V. WARRINGTON.—Flayed Ilt St. Helens on Saturday. Score : WARRINGTON. ST. HELENS RECREATION. J. Turton b Shaw ... 19 Gregory c Connor b r B. Hawtin c Slocombe Cresswell „....b Harper .r../. H. Podmore run out 49 b Connor e.;.,. A. Connor b Gregory 7 R. Harper 1) Connor -0 d •,...W. Bibby c Gray b NV. Shaw b Connor 3O Harper 36 G. Gm: run out ...... ... 1 J. Thompson c Gregory Dr. Giles c Turton b - - b Harper „;r• Callon b Gregory 0 H. Kerr c Podmore b uressorAll not ont ...... W. Richardson not out... 7 W. Slocombe lbw b H , H. Callon and A. Duck- Callon worth did not bat. J. E. Walker b Connor 0 W. Southward at Duck- worth b Podmore T. Ainge wot out Extras *Tani, *Total ...... 184 ge declared. I BOWLING ANALYSTS. WARD ST. HELENS RECREATION. Gre„ -.INGTON. ...... 25 6 60 2 Cresswell „ "Per ...... ...... 29 7 68 3 E. A. Connor 17 4 37 6 ohaw .. 10 1 25 1 H. Callon 7 0 411 Kerr .... 5 0 16 0 W. HPodmore 13 0 1 1 Gray EARLESToWN V. STANLEY—At Lower Arkles-lane. Score:— STANLEY. EARLESTOWN. Molyneux c Warburton Barr c Wilson b Moore 13 b Bates 0 Marsh b Taylor, Smythe lbw 1.) Bates 3 Crowther; b Taylor l2 Gleig at Leigh b Alder- Crawley c Lightfoot b eon 7 Moore/ 1 ' 22 Taylor c Barr bAlderson 2 Robinson c & b Taylor. 0 Moore b Warburton l2 Valentine run out 6 13t0tt b Warburton ' Eillip c Leigh b War- Alderson not out b.berton c1,0771e b Wolfe 0 Warburton c Killip b lightfoot not out 7 Taylor b Warburton... 0 Bates c Molyneux b ".Wilson 11 Warburton 0 Stott Extras •

Total ... 119

Total 123

Total B2 SECOND DIVISION. piWARRINDTON 2ND V, ST. HELENS RECREATION 2ND.- 4Ved at Arpley on Saturday. Score IiST. HELENS RECREATION. WARRINC(I'ON. p Addison b Bennett J'Pruodfoot b Plinston 4 Parr lOl Williams cE.Pierpoint R. G. Pierpoint run out 8 4.ll,l3linston a ran run out I,;,:kddison run out ll E. Pierpoint b Butler 22 Gray a Baxter b R. Pierpoint st Gray Pii 1, s. nston /,i.orbilrir b Bennett ... 0 W. Hind c Gray b Rarr 0 • Rooraril c Taylor b D. Plinstonc Williams ,I.R,..,ennett 2 b Addison 3 •G.'",owns not out 2 H. Dolan st Gray h A. "oure 1) Plinston Butler b Plinston \(l T. Taylor a Norbury b Addison 2

, Total ,S. Baxter h Addison ... 0 'W. Bennett not out 8 89 Extras 0 Extras 2 Total ......208 1 e, 2ND ROUND (WORKS COMPETTTION.) liißSHrftp. LINES V. CASTLE RUBBER CO.—Plnyed on lils,„:17 evening on the Warrington ground. Result :- -.; Rubber, 61 for 10 wickets ; Cheshire Lines. 92 4111 t 2wi 'ckets. 11%,_• HELENS CABLE CrIMPANY V. RIGEINIOND'R.— le na on the Warrington ground on Tuesday evening. ors.

RTCHMOND'S. t.„, CABLE CO. 0 J. Warburton b " b Bailey 2 .'• Wnright h Warburton 0 Thorniley bA. Hutton b Bradley ... 13 T. Fielding bThorniley 6 ;!,,,Thorniley bWarburton 2 J. Finnigan b Dutton U. Fellows b Bradley ..• 18 R. Mane c Dutton b W. Morris lbw b Bradley o ThornileV T. Woods not out ......... R. Gallop b Thornily T. Richardson not out... 1 A. Bradley not out • 3 \ T. Hughes b Dntton R. Scott o Fellows b Thorniley W. Jones b Sutton 1 V. Pemberton b ^rnley Extras

Extras 3

Total 79 Total 27 FRIENDLY MATCHES. SANKEY JUNIORS V. FRIARS GREEN.—At Arpley on Saturday.. Se're 1— ~ FRIARS MIXON. S ANKEY. Mynekyme a H. S. Bingham b Monks 6 b Daintith b Bingham ... 0 E. Foster h Wall Dutton 1) Bingham ... 0 H. Daintith hit wkt 1 Wall bFoster 0 B. Foster b Dutton ... 14 li' Monks h Binghlro Hutton h Bin,,harn 4 ~'"itehfield b Bingham 1 W. Dutton not out ... 28 Woodbouse h Foster 0 W. williams et Ditch- -4 ...9riffiths b Binghim 0 field li tturlsonb Foster . ..... 0 J Houghton b Wall 3 RTl)Plcinson not nut' OW. Webb b Monk.; 6 "alley c 6,- b Foster... 1 B. Daintith e Myne- ltyme b Dutton I Extras

_ Total 4 Total 7l CR FORD BAPTIST V. STRETTON AND APPLETON. Yed at Latchford. Score : A L A TCH FORD. ST RETTON. p.,... Albinson b Hughes... 9 A. tongworth c Hayes 4. piff run out 0 b Cox 7 b Rstcliffe 4 J. .Tones c Hayes b rrlee h Hughes 0 Conway 0 I,' liavPs 13 Rqteliffe .. 1 A. Johnson h Conway 1 4. Albinson b Riteliffe 2 T. Norbury b Cliffe 8 j. • un tuekiev h Ratcliffe... 3 .1. Hatton r out , Stowell b Ratcliffe... 9 E. R.atcliffe not out 4 . Gordon c and b C. Smith b Cliffe 0 g:ghet, 4; J. Johnson b Cliffe... 5 n ut not o ot ont 7 A. Melee h Cliffe 0 r. Hry:lr 2 P. Griceb Price A. Bolton b Price 0 Extras lO

Extras ............ 4

Total . •i:;

Total ...... 38

that—

Total 63

Benger's Food is mixed with fresh, new milli( when used, and forms a dainty and delicious cream, highly nutritive, and free from rough and indigestible particles.

For infants, Invalids and the Aged. Sold in tins by Chemists, &c., everywhere.

I , CHESHIRE Lim ENGINEERS V. MANCHESTER CENTRAL.—At Battersby-lane on Saturday. Score : CENTRAL. ENftINEETS. Bellfield b Chamberlain 0 Duckworth at Fildes b Bland bW. Chamberlain 0 Bonfield 37 Kirby b G. Chamberlain 0 'Brown b Bland Kershaw bG. Chamber- Howard o Fildes b lain lB &Meld i Fildes c Gibson bG. Wright ,b Bland 7 Chamberlain Connor bW. Chamber- Naylor b Bellfield lain 1 G. Chamberlain run out 2 Fitzgerald at. Howard b A. Holloway lbw Bell- 0. Chamberlain Herd bG. Chamberlain 1 W. Chamberlain o Bell- Franklin b' G. Chamber- field b Franklin lain • 1 S. Heckle not out 1 Dewich not oat 1 J. Gibson hit wkt b Parker bG. Chamber- -- Bellfield 1 ' lain 0 Byes Total 2B, Total I PETER WALK ER AND SON V. WIDNES 2ND.—Played lat Widnes on Saturday. Score : WALKER'S. WIDNES 2ND. IJ. Dugan b Lees ......... 6F. Callon b Dargan 0 W. Baird c Bingham 13 W. Norris b Dargan Lees J. Caine b Lees SW. Lees b Dargan • 3 T. Newton b Colquitt... 0 H. Colpuitt run out 2 E. Allen a Liptrot b J. Liptrot b Dargan Lees W. Ashton o Jones b J. BE. Pile b Dargan ... 1 Colquitt H. Cook b Lees 4 E. Hartland not out... 0 W. Norman b Warne 9 Rev. E. Western b 3, Mulloy b Warne l4 Dargan T. Allen b Lees .1. Darton not out 0 , Extras ,

Total 7l ' / Total MERSEY V. RRLANDS BRos.—Played on Rylands Brothers' ground. - MERSEY. RYLANDS 'BROS. W. Wright b Williams ... 6 Sanders b Podmore , 1 W. Morris b Neild J. Podmore b Neild 2 Pessie o and b Wright 3 A. Woods b Neild 5 Beardsall b Wright 1 H. Cross run out G. Rutter o Beardsall b Jolley b Podmore Neild 0 G. Williams b Wright 2 J. Turner c McGowan b Newton b Wright Neild 1 McGowan not out ...... 0 P. Foy c Jolley b Neild 0 W. Beardsall run out... 0 J. Downs run out C. Cross b McGowan J. Callon not out Extras

_ Total 34 Total SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. HOUGH GREEN.—Playedat Lovely-lane. Score : HOUGH OREEN. SANKEY WIRE MILLS. Martindale c Partridge b J. Hawthorne b Cole l3 Gleave Cole b Gleave 5 13rough c Vose b Laws 3 Lewis cN.Cook b Gleave 19 H. Hawthorn b Cole ... 5 Ward c El. Hawthorne b Taylor c and b Laws... 2 Gleave Vose b Gleave l2 Clarke not out 2 Foster a Hawthorn bR. T. Whitfield not out Cook l2 Laws c J. Hawthorn b Gleave 0 Linaker a J. Hawthorn b Gleave Carter o Clarke b Brough 6 Bingham not out O'Connor b Brongh Extras Total 7l Total WantlitsPoor, RHEwErtv Y. POST OFFICE.—Played at Wilderspool. Score :a-- w mormseoot BREWERY. POST OFFICE. R. Hallows bJ. Hallows 13 Jno. Gray b Thom;,son 5 A. Risley b Parkes 0 H.Cartwright bHallows 1 J. Wilkinson b Parkes 0 H. Ince a Hallows b T. Thompson b Parkes 4 , Thompson 1 J. Wray b Parkes F. Mclntyre c Worrall b F.G. Worrall bliallows 3 Dunne W. Webster run out J. Thompson b P.akes J. Johnson b Parkes ...... 1 T. Cunningham b J. Heesom a& b Parkes 0 Hallows D. Briggs not out F. G. Parker bliallows 1 Jas. Dunne c Risley b Johnson 1 Extras

_ Total " 31 Total ... 35 SECONDARY SCHOOL V, GRAPPENFIALL 2ND.—At Pad gate on Saturday. Score : WARRINGTON. RAPPENHALL: J.Whitehouse cCallender D. Maile b Clark 9 b Mottram T. Clark b Mottram Mr. Albery run out E. J. Mee run out 9 G.ToolmincWarburton H.Nield c Sz, b Howard 8 b Whitehouse H. Warburton b Bell 0 J. Mottram c Jones b E. Bloor c Wicks b Clark Howard 5 W. H. Bell St Bloor b A. R. Cragg b Bell J. Rigby b Bell . W. Wallington c Wicks Clark 6 h Bell s. C. Jones not out A. H. Howard b Clark 1 J. Peters not out M. Callender b Clarke 0 Extras Total 4B Total ...... 41 -- .

.... Ss. :FAMES'S V. BEWSEY-ROAD WESLEYANS.—PIayed at Arpley on Saturday. Score : ST. JAMES'S. BEWSEY-ROAD WESLEYANS. Mr. Forster o Hall b S. Millett b Holt Craddock .... . ............. 5 J. Forster b Holt Rev. D. R. Davies b R. Burns b Davies 2 Craddock F. Tole b Millett C. Holt. c end b Millett 6 P Winstanley b Davies 0 P. Knight not out is F. Tanner o GroUnds W. H. Minards b b Davies 4 Craddock 0 W. M. Mellor 'b Davies 2 C. Hackney c Winstanley W. Drury c Minards b b Craddock ' 2 Flolt J. Cartwright c Hall b E. S. Chilton b Holt 0 Burns l6 J. Turher not out • 0 J. Grounds c Craddock b Forster 3 W. Wright c Burns • 1 H. Mainutaring b Burns '0 Extras

Total - 21

Prior to the Cabinet meeting on Tuesday, Sir H. Camphell-Bannerman went to Buckingham Palace and had an interview with the King. Mr. Haldane also saw his Majesty. The King's private, secretary has written to a corres- pondent denying that his Majesty has advocated that stronger legal action should, in furure, be taken against Anarchists in England.

NV. Thornl

......_ / , , i. i, 10 OD iiik , Children 4:11:1111 thrive as they should on lienger's Food. A well-known London Medical Man says 1 " Benger's Food surpasses and absolutely supersedes all other foo.ds and humanised milk. The laxative effect when the predigestion has been carried pretty far is , one of its most valued qualities and can be regulated precisely adjustment of the action of the bowels can be secured.- .. ' / 4 -

===== 0002601_19060630_art0035.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, ••4 4 . • .

JEN

===== 0002601_19060630_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CRICKET.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
simeoil

5 fail

• I CO" )11s. ,8 on tEI.II you WI

enlist"

===== 0002601_19060630_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 30, l9p6.

ST. HELENS NEWS. •

We print to-day a piece of news which will, we feel sure, prove of the utmost interest to many of our readers. Even if St. jielens were far away the news would be good, but it la all the better coming from near by, for the truth of it can easily be tested. "I am alwayg pleased to recommend Doan's backache kidney pills, for they have done me so much good," save Mrs. M. A. Johnson, 72, Eldon-street, St. Helens. "t had rheumatic fever some time ago which affected Imy kidneys and left my back very weak. There were severe pains round the small of my back, which gradu- ally got vrorse,and I was al most doubled up: my back was I so weak that it was a hard matter for me to straighten I myself. I found it difficult toot to get upstairs." "None of the medicine I tried helped me at all, except Doan's backache kidney pills. My son-in-law sent for some of these for me, and it is them alone I have to thank for the relief I have Obtained. " lam indeed grateful for the benefit I hsbe received. from Doan's pills, and I shall not fail to tell others 1 about them. (Signed) NI: Ann Johnson." Doan's Backache Ridney Pills are two shillings and ninepence per box (six boxes for thirteen shillings and ninepence). Of all chemists and stores, or post free, direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W. Be sure you get exactly the same kind of pills that Nlrs. Johnson had.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

UNSATISFACTORY EXAMINATION RESULTS.

Criticlath of the Secondary School

Resented.

THE TEACHING OF SWIMMING.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Education Committee was held at the Town Hall on Wednesday. Aldermen Tennett presided and there were also pre- sent :—Miss Williams, Revs. Canon Morley Stevenson, J. Davies and N. , Wilson, Aldermen Evans and Smethurst. Counoillors Fulton Smith, Barton, Sankey, Evans, Ball, Lord, Pemberton, Dr. Joseph and Ellison, Messrs. R. T. Fairclough, A. J. Jolley, C. E. Parker, H. Kingdon, C. S. Bargees, Fl. Plinston, G. Walker, C. H. Unsworth, T. S. Steel, J. Upson and J. Moore Murray (director of education), J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), and Dr. Gornall (medical officer). THE LATE ALDERMAN ROBERTS.

The CHAIRMAN said his first duty was a very sad one, end thirwas to express on behalf of every mem- ber of the Committee the great regret they felt at the loss of their colleague. Alderman John Roberts. He was a member of the Education Committee from the Ist April, 1903, until his death, and he vas also a valuable member of the Sitesand Buildings Committee, a foundation manager of St. Peter's school, and a repre- sentative manager of Silver-street school. In all those capacities he discharged his duties in the way which in all his municipal work they had become accustomed tn expect from him. They had found him invariably an intelligent, clear-headed, straightforward, and honour- able man, and by his death the Education Corn nittee, the Town Council, and the town as a whole had suffered a great loss. Ite moved that the Committee place on record an expression of regret at Alderman Roberts's death, and of deep sympathy with the family. Councillor ELLISON seconded, and said that no-one more deeply regretted Alderman Roberts' death. They had always been very dear friends in the Council, and had worked well together. Councillor Dr. JOSEPH nd, Alderman SMETHURST supported the motion, which was carried.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL KEEPERS.

NO MARRIED WOMEN/TO BE EMPLOYED. i The Finance Sub-committee, on the recommendation of the sub-committee appointed to consider the ques- tion of the payment of school-keepers, resolve a) that, in view of probable impending changes in the regulations of the Board of Education governing the accommodation recognized by them in the public elementary schools, it is undesirable at present to make any change in the committee's rules for the work and remuneration of school-keepers ; and (b), that it be made 0, regulation that no married women be appointed as school-keepers. In view of tho foregoing resolution, it was real red (a) that the temporary engagement of Mrs. Ruth Forster (nee Blenkinsop) as school-keeper of the Ladies' School of Industry be continued from the 16th April, 1906, until such time as her successor is appointed, at a salary at the rate of £52 per annum ; and (b) that the Director be instructed to confer With the managers of the Ladies' School of Industry in reference to the apnointment of a school-keeper for the school. In moving the adoption of the minutes Mr. A. J. J0r..1.6v said the regulation forbidding the appointment of married women as school-keeperst simply wit in definite form what had been the practice of the Finance Committee from the very beginning. Councillor SANKEY seconded. Mr. PLINSTON moved that the resolution with refer- ence to the temporary engagement of Mrs. Forster be not approved. It appeared to him that the recommen- dation was an attempt to get out of a somewhat difficult position. Some time ago the committee allowed Mrs. Forster to he anpointed to the position at a wage of 12s. per week. Subsequently, however, the matter was referred back as the arms were not in accordance with the scale of payments to school keepers. To get nut of that position the sob-committee wanted to get rid of this caretaker altogether, simply because she was a married woman. He did not think the com- mittee ought to begin to penalize females for getting married. (Laughter). He did not €,e any reason why this woman should not be able to do the work equally ss well as an unmarried person. If the time should come that she was not able to do the work satisfac- torily they could dismiss her, but he did not think it was right to make a position of that kind retro- spective. Councillor PENIBERTON seconlei. With reference to the application of the new rule he asked if a widow was not a married woman. A MEMBER: No, she has been. (Laughter.) Councillor PEMBERTON : This doss not apply to widows. __

VorcEs : No. Councillor PEMBERTON : Is not the resolution intended to discharge this person? Mr. JOLLEY : Certainly. Councillor EVANS: For getting married (Laughter.) Councillor PEMBERToN : How dare she! (Laughter.) The Rev. JAMES DAVIES saidhe understood the com- mittee were going against their ordinary rules in appointing a married women and he should therefore vote for the Finance Committee's proposal. Mr. Jor,LeY said Mr. Plinston had described the resolution as an attempt to get out of a difficult posi- tion. He (Mr. Jolley) did not know what justification there was for that statement. At any rate it was an attempt with whieh he had nothing whatever to rio,ns he was not a member of the committAe when the action was I taken. He had, however a share in drafting the original regulations under which all appointments were made and the resolution was simply adhering to those rules. He strongly objected to any gentleman describing any action in which he (fur. Jolley) had had a share, as an I attempt to "get ont of" anything. Nor was this in any sense an attempt to penalize a woman for getting married; but it was an attempt to secure that the committee's work should he efficiently done. He said that no one who realized the conditions under which the work of school keepers was to be perrormei) could say honestly that a married woman with the responsibilities lof a household could do the work proporly and efficiently. The school keeper in this case mg appointed 1 temporarily as a single woman, but she subsequently married and the appointment thorefore termioatel. He I I sincerely hoped that no mistaken syrapiethy for any I individual case of hardship—if ally hardship there was —would allow the members to deviate from sound I principles. - He raaintaieed that the refusal to employ married women either as teachers on the permanent staff or as school keepers was a sound principle which oueht not to be departed from. Councillor Dr.Joseex said he agreed with the general regulations but he would like to know whether in this particular case the woman was informed that this was only a temporary appointment. If not, be thought it hard that she should be disdaissed, even if she got married. The CHAIM' When she got m\rrieci it became a violation of tho rules and she was therefore liable to dismissal.

Councillor LORD asked for the rule which had been I violated to be read. Had it ever been printed? Mr. PLINSTON said the woman was married before her Appoinment. The CHAIRMAN said he was informed by the Director i that that was the case. Mr. UPSON _said the mother of Mrs. Forster was I originally the Caretaker. When S'ie died it MIS abso- lutely necessary for the working of the school that a 1 temporary caretaker should ' be appointed and the ' managers appointed the daughter. Afterwards her name was sent on to the Education Committe with a hew to permanent appointment, but the comrattee rofused to do that. Mr. PLINSTON : At 12s. a week. Mr. JOLLEY explained that there was po printed rule on the subject ; it was the practice of the committee. Councillor Et/ANS said that when the appointment was referred back it was merely on the question of wages. and not of the caretaker's marriage. The ques- tion now raised was not the vital matter then. - Mr. KING DON : For the simple real m that her name appeared as Miss Ruth Blenkinsop, and we assumed her to be an unmarried women. ' The amendment was defeated, and the minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW SCALE OP SALARIES.

The School Management Committee snbmitted an amended scale of salaries for teachers to meet the changed method of lassifying the results of the certill- •

===== 0002601_19060630_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
cate examination and the preliminary examination for the certificate, together with new conditions of service. Canon Mortrxv 6TEVENSON explained that hitherto the Government list had been arranged in three classes —first, second, and third—and the Committee hadl paid their teachers in accordance with that classification. Now the Government had abolished the classification and the resalts simply appeared as an alphabetical list of those who had qualified. Consequently a revised scale had had to be drawn up but it did not differ from the old one except in the way he had indicated. The committee had also taken advantage of the opportunity to make a scale for uncertificated assistant teachers. any mem- bers of the committee were not particularly in favour of the employment of uncertificated assistants if it could be helped, but they had come todealize that there were certain instances in which it wild be unfair to pay a highly gu thfied teacher for a certain number of children and where it would be wise to utilize the services of an uncertificated assistant. The scales were approved. THE TEACHING OF SWINDIENG. ANOTHER. APPLICATION.

j A letter from the Town Clerk—intimating that the Town Hall, Park and Baths Committee could not see their way to accede to the com-nittee's request to allow arrangements to be made with the keeper of the baths to instruct boys from the public elementary schools in the borough in the art of swimming—was submitted to the School Management Committee and noted, and it was resolved that the committee be asked to sanction the employment of an instructor by Vie Education_ Committee. Canon STEVENSON said he very much hoped that the committee would be successful in their new application. It was a great step that they had been allowed to use the baths for the children,but it was obvious that unless the children were taught to swim, the use of the bath was very much less serviceable than it otherwise would be. Alderman SMETHURST said one was thankful to hear some little praise with regard to the baths. The Chair- man and vice-chairman of the Baths Committee generally got more kicks than halfpence because they could not let all the children go to the baths free and do all the things that anyone happened to want. If the members of the School Management Committee Went to the baths and saw the amount of work the keeper had to deal with they would soon see that the Committee could not afford to let the keeper attend to any teaching. He had quite enough to do already. He (Alderman Smethurst) did not think there would be the slightest difficulty in the Education Committee appointing an instructor of their own, but be wonld have to be under the control of the Baths Committee and the baths keeper. Councillor PEMBERTON asked if it would not be better not to pass this recommendation and again apply to the Baths Committee for permission to employ Mr. Barlow. The CHAIRMAN thought the matter was best left in its prelent form. Councillor PEMBERTON : Im afraid this minute of the Baths Committee was kept out of the Town Counoil minutes. Continuing, he said he did not think they oould appoint anyone as competent for the post as the present baths keeper. He had won two champion- ships which were open to all England and was without doubt one of the finest swimmers in the country. At present it seemed to be a walte of time to send the children to the baths, as they simply floundered about in the water Without the slightest idea of how to swim. It seemed a pity that they should liege a men of Mr. Barlow's ability and vet overlook it. Mr. G. WALKER asked if it were net possible for the school teachers who took the childre to the baths, to teach them swimming. The greatest need in acquiring the art of swimming was water and space, and it was impossible to teach if there were too many children in thei baths. Councillor EVANS said that if there were day school teachers who could swim they would be doing a valu- able service in teaching the scholars. The CHAIRMAN said the question was one very near Ito his heart, and he hoped the Committee would care-: fully consider it and adopt suggestions to enable the j children to be taught something of practical usefulness as the result of their visits to the baths. Canon STEVENSON said it did not follow theta teacher in a day school was alole to teach swimming. It was not one of those subleote which he guaranteed to telch. The teachers who at present took charge of the children at the baths performed a service which was outside their contract, and which they did voluntarily, and for the good of the children. To press them to give instruc- tion in swimming would add very considerably to their work. It would be more satisfactory to have one expert teacher rather then a number of people, some of whom might possibly teach well, whilst others might be unalale to teach the children at all, or only do so indiffegntly. The committee's recommendation was confirmed. THE KING'S SCHOLARSHIP EXAMINATION. RESULTS'NOT SATISFACTORY. THE OrtGANIZ ATION OF THE STAFF.

The following analysis of the re3olt of the recent King's Scholarship examination, so far as it affects pupil teachers in attendance at the Committee's classes, was submitted to the School Management Committee, viz.:—

lat clast;. 2nd class. 3rd class. Failed. 1905 1906 1905 1906 1905 1906 1905 1906 Division T. 1 4 4 3 1 1 „ Ti. 0 0 6 3 ... „lii 2 4 4 2 ... „ IV. ... 2 1 1 1 V. ... 1 1 3 1

... ...

_ ,

Total ... 1 6 12 16 9 1 1 From a comparative statement submitted it appeared that the number of Warrington students accepted for admission to Training Colleges, was 18 out of 54 examined in 1904; 5 out of 23 examined in 1905; 15 out of 23 examined in 1906. In view of thp unsatisfactory nature of the result it was decided to Invite the Head Master of the Secondary school to furnish the Committee with any comments he may have to make thereon. It was further resolved that the Director be instructed to report to the Committee upon the whole of the organization of the teaching staff at the SeaottdAry school and Technical Institute. . . .

Canon STEVENSON, in moving the adoption of the minutes. said the results were not what the committee could wish. All they conla say, was that if they looked at the comparative table they would find they were better than last year. Mr. FAIRCLOUGH : Not much. Canon SPEVRNSON : I did not say very much. Con- tinuing he said that this year the percentage of first classresults was 43 against nil last year. The percen- tage of second classes had doubled while the percentage of thirds had fallen, as it ought to clo. Tdo preceutsge of failures remained the same. Though the committee could not cridit themselves with a satisfactory list, they could say there was sense slight improvement. One regretted very much that the results were not better, but the committee were inquiring , into the reasonand until he had th'e necessary inforthation it was scarcely fair and just to those who taught the class to speak further on the matter. Mr. PLINSTON said he very much regretted the result's and he had come prepared to deal with the matter that nigh; but. in view of the committee's decision he would leave it for the present. They ought at all events to wait for the report before they went into the subject. It was a condition of things to be deeply deplored and many people in.Warrington were seriously considering the position of their children in the Secondary school. Mr. EAIRCLOUGH said that with regard to the ! Secondary School, he was told that there were certain examinations in which children from the elementary schools as well as from the Secondary school competed He heard that the teachers of the Secondary school set the questions and were really the examiners, and be did not think that was fairto the elementary tesohers.There should be some independent person to conduct the examination. While the committee were re-organizing the duties of the staff, they might also take this matter into consideration. Mr. BURGESS : It is necessary that it should be done lat once. There are very great complaints in the town I and I only had a gentlemen interviewing me to-day on the matter.

The CIiAIRNIXN We quiterealize the seriousness of matter. Councillor Dr. JOSEPH said it was, a ~very -cninnion thing in some universities, especially in residential (ales, for the professor who taught the students to examine them, but they had also an external and independent examiner in each subject. Mr. JOLLEY said the remarks made with reference to the question all appeared to assume that there was something seriously wrong with the Secondary school and Technicafornstitute. He did not believe any snch general opinion as that existed outside. He knew many held the view: but they were not people competent to express an opinion. People expressed what they called opinions, but did upt take the trouble to form them , first. They were merely prejudices. Those who paid I attention to the report of Government Inspectors on the ,work of the school, and to the results of the working of this Institute as shown by the examinations of the Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes were fully aware that the work,though uphill work, had been of a very satisfactory character. The last report on the Secondary School was on the whole, considering the short time the school had been in existence,highly cfeditable to the staff and the majority of the scholars, and expressed approval of the tone of the school and general character of the work. He (Hr. Jolley) felt pretty keenly on the point, and he depre- cated most strongly the publication in dee Press occa- sionally of half sneers at the work of the Institute and Secondary School, and still more the repetition which undoubtedly took place in conversa- tion of what the late Earl BeaoKnsfield described as

===== 0002601_19060630_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
i F 4 C As an ID! Cu & a B 1 `,

===== 0002601_19060630_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
OR NS CURED IN SIX HOURS

BY HEATH'S MAGNET CORN CURE. FAILURES NEVER OCCUR. NO PAIN. Ask for HEATH'S MAGNET CORN CURE— an Invention that has never failed in a single Instance: a triumph in painless and rapid corn curing. Price Yid.; a double quantity 1/". Sold by all Chemists, or post free from HEATH SAW., 27, Blacktriare Bridge, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
"the hair-brained chatter of obscure frivolity." That phrase expressed a great (Ist( of the criticism thrown out at the institution. fie awaited without any anxiety whatever the decision of the School Management Com- mittee, which would be a decision based on a fall knowledge of tha facts and arrived at in an iinpartial way, but he strongly resented—and he thought those who hart taken a keen interest in the work of the institution were entitled to resent the kind of criticis is thrown at the Secondary school, Pupil Teachers' centre an i Technical school in certain quarters from the beginning. He ventured to say that far from the work being in any Way discredit- able to the staff and the committee or to the town as a whole, the Institute represented is splendid sample of the kind of public spirit which they wanted in this town. They wanted to sea an institution of that kind loyally supported by the members of the committee, and these covert sneers and attacks ought to be as loyally resented, and criticism metes frankly and coolly as possible. The CHAIRM AN said he WAS sure that if there were any weak spots the Committee w)uld remedy them and see that justice Was done to the school and to the town. The Rev. Callocr Srevmsoor said that with regard to the question raised by Mr. Fairclongh, a great deal depended upon the character of the examination when they were considering who the examiner :ihould be. If the examiner had any interest in the pupils whom he had previously taught, and if it was to his Wittman° that they should pass well, of course it was always the rule in all educational institutions that he should take no part in the examination. Bat with regard to the children who came from thE elementary schools with a view to becoming pupils at the secondary schr)al or entering the preparatory pupil teachers' classes, the teachers of the secondary school could have no possible interest in their success or failure, their only object being to get the best children for the school. Fie could not sea that there was any impropriety in their being examiners under such circumstances. However, the whole question of the stuff WAS to be Considered and this point would no doubt be raised. - The minutes were approved. THE STAFFING OF' SCEIOOLS.

It was resolved by the School Manage Meat Com- mittee that the method of staffing the public elementary schools in the borough up to the standard laid down by the Board of Ecluoatibn in tip code be continued, but that, in those schools having an average attendance of 300 children and over, the head teacher shall not be counted on the staff, and, in those of loss than 300 children, the head teacher be counted as equivalent to 30 children in average attendance, instead of s') as prescribed in the code. Canon STS VENSON explained that the step recommended by the committee was a very small one, but: it was a step which he thought would be useful an it would add very little to the expenditure of the t n. The dl/4 present rate of staffing undeniably hit the smaller schools very hard indeed. It was the minimum which the Board of Education would sanction—if they went a step lower they would lose the grant mil pondon of it —and he did not think it wis creditable for a town of the size of Warrington and with the public spirit which they boasted to possess, that they should staff their schools down to the lowest possible point. The new arrangement would be a great help to the present staffs in the smaller schools who had certainly rather hard times.

This was agreed to. NEW SOFIENIE FOR THE GRAVIAAR ECI-100L.

At a meeting of the School Niansgemeot Sub-com- ruittee, a sub-committee consisting of Councillor J. Fulton Smith, Colinoillor Wilkiatoa. At% John lloson and tits Cattleman of the committee (Rev. Con Stevenson), rep's-tea on the amended draft of the pro- posed order and scheme for the Government of the Grammar School. Their chief recommendations rev!.

--- Clause 37 in the proposed order reads as follows,viz:— " The headmaster shall, subject to the approval of the governors, have the sole power of appointing and dis- missing at pleasure all assistant misters in the soh 001. An assistant master may at any time be suspended from duty by the headmaster, who shall forthwith report any suspension to the governors. The headmaster shall recommend for the approval of the governors in what proportions the sem fixed by the governors for the mahatenance of assistant misters and school plant and apparatus shall be divided amour, the various pefsons and objects, for which it is fixed for the aggregate, and the governors shall pay the same accordingly either through the hands of the headmaster or directly as they think best." Your sub-committee consider that. objec- tion should be taken to the clause in this form, as they arie of opinion that it still leaves too much power ' in the hands of the headmaster. They therefore; propose that the Board of Education be asked to amend the first sentence of the clause so that it shall read :—" The headmaster shill, subject to the approval of the governors, have the power of appointingand dismissing all assistant masters in the school." It is further suggested that tho atten- tion of the Board of Education should be called to the minor alterations, such as the provision as to the present masters, bat these are of little importance. On the recommends tion of the sub-committee, the condition for thtj, award of two Council scholarship to the Warrington Grammar School this year, and for a similar number next year, were approved, and it was resolved that the same be forwarded to the governors of the Warrington Grammar School for their considera- tion. A scheme showing the proposed conditions for the award of Council scholarships tenable at the Warrington Grammar School, in accrirdance with arrangement made with the governors, was referred to the sub-committee already appointed to consider the amended drat& order and scheme for the government of that school. Canon STEVF:NSON pointed out that it seemed to the sub-committee that to say that. the headmaster should have sole power to appoint teachers subject Co the approval of the governors " was a contradiction in terms, and the same applied to the dismissal ot teachers. They therefore suggested the amendment of the clause. Mr. C. S. RUFLGESS said that as a governor of the Grammar School he would like to say how satisfied the governors were now with the scheme as sent down to them. They would have no objection at all to the slight alteration suggested by the School Management Committee. All they felt was that the appointment of the assistant masters should be in the hands of the headmaster as he was responsible for the working of the school. hut it must, of course, be subject to the app.rOyal of the governors. t

The school was approved. • NATIONAL DUTY. THE CEIAIRKAN'S OFFER.

Mann STEVENSON expressed the gratitude of the School Hanagetnent Committee to the Chairman (Alder- Man Bennett) for offering a prize of one guinea (to be divided equally between the boys and girls) for the best essay on some phase of national duty by scholars at the Secondary school. The Chairman, he said, took the deepest interest in questions of national welfare, and liked to encourage the study of them among the scholars.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
FEES RETURNED TO STUDENTS.

A letter from two students at the Technical Institute last session—complaining of the arrangements made at that school for the class in metallurgy (Stage II.), and asking, in view of the failure to provide adequate apparatus for the conduct of the class and the taking of the examination, that the feet*aid by them shoul rn d be returned—having been consid ed, it was resolved 'that their application be acceded to bad that their fees be returned to them. Councillor BALL said this was not simply a question of rsturning fees. The students had lost practically a session's work through the apparatus not having been supplied. He would like to ask the reasons why the apparatus was not furnished at the proper"time. Canon STEVENSON said the committee regretted as much as anyone the inability of the students to take their examination. It was impossible. as far as the com- mittee could see, as things were then to provide the necessary furnaces. All they could do was to express their regret and return the fees.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
TO RECOVER £5.

It having been reported that the parents of the scholar at the Secondary School whose application for permis- sion to withdraw him from the school before the end of the school year was refused by the committee at their meeting on the lOch Hay last had withdrawn the boy from the school without the committee's permission, it was resolved that the nutter be placed in the hands of the law clerk c 4 the committee for the recovery of the sum of £5 in aodordance with the parent's undertaking. ' This was agreed to. . A COMPLAINT FROM LA.TCHFORDI

The School Management Committee resolved that permission be given for the appointment of an uncerti- floated assistant mistress to the mixed department of the St. James' school, Latchford, in place of Miss Plinston, resigned... . _ .

Mr. BURGESS said he could not understand why the committee should only wish to appoint an nncortificated mistress in place of Miss Plinston. St. James' school °was not too well staffed at the present time. They had been without a certificated master from the beginning of this year and owing \to the shot-sightedness of the School Management Committee they lost a very good applicant two months ago, The application was one of the best he had seen but the committee instead of allowing the master to begin :work the following month deferred it until August, with the consequence that he threw up the appointment and they had not been able to get a certificated master. They had to fall back orrone who was coming out of college at the end of the term. The committee ought not to place the schqol in the position of having an uncertificated teacher us the place of an excellent certificated teacher. He congratulated Miss Plinston on her important appointment but did not think they at St. James' ought to suffer for it. Canon STEVENSON said the school was not really entitled to another teacher—the number of children '1 having decreased—but the committee did all they I possibly could in appointing an uncertificated teachn.

SITES AND BUILDING COMMITTEE. THE COST OF THE "BOLTON" COUNCIL SCHOOL. •

At a meeting of the Sites and Buildings Committee aletter_waeread from Messrs. J. E. Wright, Garnett and Wright stating that their interpretion of the expression" reasonable margin "used in their previous communication is anything from 3s. to 3s. above the

sum per heal speelflad. It was resolved (4) thst the terms set forth in Messrs. Wright, Garnett and Wright's letter ba aelepted, with the exception of the suggested payment for the printing of the second set of quantities: (b) that Messrs. Wright, Garnett and Wright be asked to obtain a tender for the erection of the" Bolton " Council school in acoord ince rith the plans originally submitted by them to the Committee at a cost of not more than .ClO 10s, per head, such amount not to include the sum- of £429kin respect of the provision to be now made for the boys' department to be erected in the future nor the architect's commission; and (a) that Messrs. Wright, Garnett, and Wright be informed that the Committee will not be prepared to consider any tender which exceeds the cost per head given above by more than 3 to 5 shillings. A letter was submitted to the committee from the architect for the erection of the " Beamont "Council school, in reference to certain extra work necessary in conneation with the revised pcheme of drainage , required.by the Borough Surveyor, and it was resolved, that authority be Raven for the revised drainage scheme to be carried out at an additional cost not exceeding .ClO. The Rev. J. DAVIES said he was personally interested in the sewerage scheme, and he would like the com- mittee to put all the force they could upon the Borough Surveyor to carry out the scheme as soon as possible. He was promised three years ago that the work would be done and he was now given to under- stand that they were going to carry out the scheme for the school in which there were no children and leave the houses which were tenanted without a sewer. Councillor PEMBERTON said the scheme was being carried out with all possible speed. There had not been a single hour's unnecessary delay. Mr. KINGDON thought the proposal with regard to the" Bolton "school tender was very unbusiness-like. The committee surely did not expect to get a tender less than 3s. to ss, above the stipulated amount.

The minutes were approved. At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee the following report of a specially appointed sub-committee was considered :—The special sub-committee have carefully considered the question of the attendance of nurses at the public elementary schools in the Borongh, and they recommend that negotiations be entered into with the Queen Victoria's , Jubilee Institute for Nurses upon the following conditions viz :—(1) That the Superintendent of the Queen Victoria's Jubilee institute for nurses be appointed school visitor to the Educatiou Committee; (2) that the Superintendent have the direct control of the nurses visiting the schools; (3) that all instructions of the Medical Adviser to the Education Committee and the Director of Education be given through the . Superintendent: (4) that the whole of the nursing staff of the Association be engaged in visiting schools at times to be arranged—each nurse being allocated to a district; and (5) that the Elucation Committee pay to the Superintendent of the Queen Victoria's Jubilee Institute for Nurses a salary of £94 per annum. The report was not approved. SCHOOL MANAGE a.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr.J.l3am forth was apnointed a representative manager of Silver St. sohgol in place of the late • Alderman Roberts.

THE EDUCATT.ON BILL.

Canon MORLEY' STEVENSON, Ar. A. J. JOLLEY. and the DTRECTOR who represented the Committee at the annual meeting of the Association of Education Com- mittees held in London submitted to the General Pur- poses Committee a report which was adopted. They stated :—A brief resolution was submitted by the Executive Committee, through Alderman G. White, M.P., of Norwich. expressing anproval of the two main principleeeof the Education Bill, public control of the schools and the abolition of religions tests for teachers. Considerable divergence of opinion was manifested during the discussion, especially in regard to the second of these so-called principles, and the impossibility of giving really complete protection by law where any strong or deep-seated theological prepossession exists was stated with admirable clearness by Councillor It. Waddington, of Bolton. The propriety of any resolu- tion dealing with a matter which was the subject of political controversy was also challenged, but, in the end, the resolution was carried by a substantial majority, despite general cononrrence in one of the President's comments to the effect that the Bill was chiefly notable for its neglect of merely educational considerations. Another of the President's criticisms had been aimed at Clause 6on account of the practical difficulties in respect of discipline and attendance which it would inevitably produce; Canon Scott, of Salford, accord- ingly moved that the Association ask for its deletion, and this was carried by a large majority. The really representative character of the Association was evidenced by certain retrograde proposals, earnestly urged, but happily suppressed by the firmness and tact of the President and the votes of the majority of the members. A few desired to revert to the old system in respect of pupil teachers, the cheanness of child labour appealing to their economical instincts. A (mite different section desired to place the whole cosy of education on the Imperial Exchequer, forgetful of the evils of a stereo- typed bureaucratic system which the consequential loss of local control and initiative would involve. The association accepted our proposal that the engagements of teachers in Secondary Schools should be determinable only at' the end of a school term and after not less than three months notice. It Was also agreed to approach the Government with 'the view of securing extended periods for the repay- ment of loans in respect of school buildings ; the pay- ments of annual grants by instalments and their increase and the classification of successful candidates at the certificate examinations. The conditions of exemption from attendance at school and the desirability of enforcing attendance at evening classes were considered. The Association committed itself to the opinion that no one under 16 years of age should be exempt from attendance at either day or evening classes. Perhaps when Parliament can find time to think about education this modest instalment of progressive legislation may be granted.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
WIRRAL AND BIRKENHEAD, SHOW.

Copies of the prize list have been sent to all previOus exhibitors, but if anyone is desirous of a copy same will be sent on receipt of a postcard by the secretary. In addition to the usual handsome class prizes, which amount to upwards of £2,800, there are a number of valuable challenge bowls for competition, varying in value from ten to one hundred guineas. The Shire, Hackney, Hunter Improvement Societies, also the Imperial Hunter Stud Book Society are offering specials and medals for competition, in addition to which there are a number of other valuable special prizes to be competed for. The show yard is situate in clbse ptoximity to the Bebington Station, which is on the London and North-Western and Great Western joint main line between Crewe, Chester, and Birkenhead.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES WRYIAN'S; THEFTS.

Catherine Fallon, Wellington-street. was charged at Widnes, on Monday, with stealing a shawl, the property of Catherine Fitzgerald. from the lodging-house she kept in Marsh-street. Complainant missed the shawl at 6.30 on Friday night, and next day, after information had been given to the police, the shawl was found at Newport's pawnshop. Defendant was fined £1 and costs. She was also charged with stealing two doors from an unoccupied house in Wellington-street. She pleaded not guilty, and stated that some one had placed the doors in her yard. The bench imposed a fine of £1 and costs.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
MICE SOAP

The World's Greatest Skin Soap.

The World's Sweetest

Toilet Soap. 1

===== 0002601_19060630_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
8810 Greater than thg World's Product of Other Skin bps.

Sold Wherever Civilization Has Penetrated.

Millions of the world's best people use Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuticura Oint- ment, the great skin cure, and purest and sweetest of emollients, for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings, and chaftngs, for annoy- ing irritations, or too free or offensive perspiration, for ulcerative weaknesses, and many sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women' especially mothers, as well as for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. - Cuticura Soap combines delicate emol- lient properties derived from Cuticura, the great skin cure, with the purest of cleansing ingredients and the most re- freshing of flower odours. No other medicated soap ever compounded is to be compared with it for preserving, puri- fying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No other foreign or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to be compared with it for all the pur- poses of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it combines in one soap at one price the most effective skin and complexion soap, and the purest and sweetest toilet, bath, and nursery soap.

- - Cuticnra Soap, Ointment. and nu crc. wild throughout the world. Depot.: London, 27 Charterhoure Sq.; Parls,2 Rue de la Pala; Au.tralia, R.. Towns & Co., Sythwy. Potter Drug & Chen, Corp., Boston, C. S. A., Sole Pr, Off" Send for "flow to Preserve, Purity, nod Beautify the Skin, Scalp, lialz, and Bands." hiaileu Free.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
TU OG BREA

TOOTH-ACHE

CLTIND INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Preventslee res. Nights Save spre,en tExtraction,d NEU RTILGIA HEADACHES NERVINE and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Chemists, Is. lid. "As • specific for Toothache it has no equal. I have used a successfully for year."—Ysov. W, Was's, N.D.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THE 1311 Sr FAMILY MaDIOINII.

_ WORDSELL'S PILLS AREA CERTAIN CIMB for Indlgostion, Eillioasaras, Houlaohe Dyspepsia. Colieti patio.n.. Liver .ind Kleiner poinplaints, 13

For I.+dies of *Hawes they are invaluable.

Of all 011en3ists, Is. d, Zs. 9d., and 4s. 6d. per box. or post free on reesipt of stamps to Depot, 13. Ct. George scree% Norwich. Sample free box will be sent on receiving name, ad Ire's. and Id. stamp fro corer return postage). Mention paper. Depot, 13, I. GRORGIC STRIIRT, NORWICH.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
LARR—Z cc 6,

RERS

STAN

kEtIEWS 841 PLIAS are warranced to ',arson eau' sex, alls,equired for eonstitutionsl dtsohsrges from the I:fina7Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Vr.se from Metvurv. Established upwards of 30 years. In boats 4s. fid. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throu,crs• on th,. world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. frit Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Co.npany, Advt.

FLORILINE I—FOR THA' TEETH AND BRICATIC—Tboroughll eleanees the teeth from all parasites or Impurities, harden* the gums, prevents tartar stops deeny, and gives to the teeth a peculiar nearly Whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath Price 25.81. for the hq.zid, or Is, mr jar for the Florthne " Powder," of, all Chemists and Porta ri,rl, Advt.

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR TEM HAIR your hair Is turning 'nay or white or falling off. use the %aims dire RICIMWER. for it will pcaltively restore, in every ease, grey or white hair to its original colour. It mates the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. price 3e. 6d. per bottle.—Advt.

To MOTHER!. —Mrs. WIN9LOw'S Soothing Syrup has be6p. used for Over fif%y years by millions of moth •rs 13r th childran while teething, with perlact success. It will relieve the poor' sufferer I,urne4i•tely. It is pleasant to taste produces muse quiet sleep, by rellerinlis the child from p,ain and the little cherub awakes as bright as a buttoo ' of all Chemists is. lid. per bottle.-114vt.

FREE

--cialiAts, ..,, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL. TELEPHOYE 5615. ESTABLISHED 1848.

i xtx - rd. j 0' "NsuF aar - _ _, ~,b_ v. "N‘") , RUBBER PO' 'cP 1" TYPE, &c )t:" -,o •-,...E-,„ ' „" 0 6 -5' ',ski 01,? - —llO N E N)::0 • ' *...5 rt. - --•.,rs.\-\ AND ST tilAr+`-'

!AO'. .Nt ICE. & • A'VADV,siIaIIOAC LS Art "'Ousts . PVeRewouSES.CetiS.BAKERIES.SMAS A regulot'y isOmeed tot Me e/eatutce of Mese a',sea se sereadencr pests INCCIVENIENCE WHATEVER BY CUR METHODS. CONT,CTs ~sC ppprpanArlo.s UPPLJED [sr orArrs Aft ft 1, **v. er•%4 • • , • •• • I, • gOYAt P • EYES TESTED SI TFIE MOST ADDRoVED METHOD. C. 571) F. H. ARCHER, F.5.11.C., 8.0. N. MOST MoDERATIt PRICES FOR SPECTACLIS, AND ETEOLASSES• PERFECT FIT. ARCHER & SONS, spec 73. -.D gm—

===== 0002601_19060630_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_19060630_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Che (gram= &tries

OP WEEK-END NEWSPAPEIiS COMPRISES :- 9'3E WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER. published every Friday afternoon. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton ' Heath, Penkrth Winwick. Padgate, Lyrnrn. &c., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. 'THE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Friday A afternoon. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. THE WIDNES EXA.MINER, published every Friday 1. afternoon. Widnes contains the lsrgest ntunber of .e.bemlaal works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. fr HE EARLESTOW PT AND NEWTON BaciaiNga. pnblished every Friday afternoon. The Largest Local Paper containing the Hews of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Oolborne, Havdock, Lovrton..tc The district. thus comprised as s most important part of the Lancashire coal- fields. THE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. circulating in St. Helens. Prescot, Parr. Sutton. Peasley Crors. .to -the centre of the Glass. Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. / PREPAID ADVKRTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. , HoUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three ix Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. Bd. ... Is. ... Zs. 0,1. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ss. Od. 36 ... Is. lid, Zs. Si... 41. Od. 6s. rd. 45 ... Is. 3d. .„. 3s, Id. ... ss. Od. 7s. Orl. 54 ... ls. 61. ... Is. vd. Si. ... 10a. Cd.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Elonteltir gptrlants, ett.

• NVAnTun, GEMRRAL SHRVANT with good cloarncter.— Aplv 53 CULP,,L Leigb.

W ri ANTAL at once. expeenced GANBRAL.— Apply Mts. PERCY JOICE, liockneld, Magbnil.

-wrANTRD GIRL. acre 1.5 to 20, for honsework.—Apply, itmnß, 44. Albert rd . FArnworth. near Bolton.

IATAISITRD KITCH.NNWEI: eze not under I.—Apply by letter Mrs. Stmner,LAwnburst, Didsbury,Manebester

IyAN rED. good GICNNRAL ; for farnilv of two.—Apply, V Mr.. MrlHlll9. 7. Edinburgh rd., Liseard, Cheshire.

WANTED, at once, GENERAL SERVANT ; able to waft at table; about 20. --Adcrress 25 Comea sT. Blackpool.

WANTED —GENBRAL, good, for private family, plain cooking, good wagea.-23, THEALPLA EtD.. Du:wieb, London.

WANTBD, etrong, wiliing GIRL, for farmhouse.— Apply, SBWELL. Higher Katield. Smithy Bridge, nocheale.

WANTISID, at once, i,:ood strong GISNISRAL 18 to 20. Refetenees.—Apply 289, ATHERT32I RD. Htnilet, near Wigan.

NATANTED, Co OK-GKIPBRAL and Housemaid—Waitress, V at once ; references required ; private.-39, VORTH Ilntvr, St nnps _

wAISTRD good Pl R iNRAL 17 to 20; three In family; References required.-23 CLLREMONT GROVE, Dids- bury Manvhester.

SIIS Oftwtiti requlre COOK GiONRHAL9, Generals. 111. 11.11 Awes. at once, 195 lord It., 9orabport.-30, LIVER- POOL BIN,, Birkrinie

W.1.N1 CINNEIRA moat be cican ani respn'able. Good borne. £l2 to £I4.—MARPEII, Meliora Villa, Church rd., Formby.

WANTIia—LAUDRICSS, for general Ilundry work, to live in ; to £Z2.—Mr'. W. B. BROWN, Penketh School, near Warrington.

ANTSD, Young Girl (16 to 13) as GENBRAL small family;Vl able to wash.—Apply Mrs. ItowsoN, The Panics, Pailham. Lancasbire.

tJ ANTED, expetlenced GNSHRAL SERVANT.—Apply VT between 8A n d 9 o'clock, Mrs. ABITHILTR N ILLETT, Wlaltecrott, Stockton Heath. "Mt.etto. ,t4,1"115% •-•40/

a%IINTIED, Immediately good COOK-3RNHHAL and Honsemald-Waltress ; family four.—Mrs. Cunltlnrc. ISlPtherlev, Bowdon. Cheshire.

117 ANTIID.--- strong GEELVERAL tor milkhouse ; with V good re'erences.—Apply. J. BRICICIN, 19 and 21, Plawkeswurtb sc., Anfleld. Liverpool.

ANTBD, good COOK. for small family. In cuuntry ; VY four servants kept.—Apply. stating wages, Mrs. THWAITES. Whittle-le-Woods, Chorley.

VATANTBD. Good GHNHIIAL SIIKVA.NT, age 21 to 25 references required ; good wages to suitable girl.— App) ASPINALL, Plane Tree Inn. Blaulikurn.

Nsr ANTED thorough good GBNERAL Must have gOO4 references. Agel2o to 25. Wages £lB. Comfortable broall farnilv.—ALDEA. Moritz' rd.. Bbickburn.

home,

WANTED COOK-6RNERAL, one with knowledge of c oklng ; Housemaid kept; two In family; small wash. Wages to commence at £lB.—Apply Mrs. Coltrirowoon,

AVANTEtin, experienced GIESIBLIAL, for family of three ; mantkept to clean windows, braitsote.—Apply,statlng age, wages expected, and giving references, to Mns. SMALL- MAY, Matson Rouge, Buxton.

MRS. PBBSCON, Progrelsive tervants' Agency, 44, CH &ALES ST., Blackpool. The oldest established In Blackpool. Wants Servants with references, for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses ; good wages ; enclose stamp. Tele, 0637

‘,I9IwILL BUILD YOU UP."--Pore Cosi Liver Oil' 1_ very highly spoken of by "The Lancet " ; Es. per 3-gill bottle, post I ree.--S.LI, SPRING AND CO.. LTD, Fish Merchants, Hull.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
g'hart, 3ittstments, ttr.

T AUGH PROFITS secured by investing any amount in ..1-1 safe business.—F. COLE. Dunstable, Beds.

ASAPS INCOMR.—EI2 monthly made with a capital of £2O ; no risk; particulars, stamped envelope.—GEOßGE. IiDOECOMBE, 78 Parade, Birmlegbam.

Xo be !et.

PENERTH.—GOOD HOUSHS WITH GARDENS, 3s. 9d ner week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. IVY LoDGE.FROGMA,LL LANS. rertuJed rent. 41, NEW ROAD, 41. 9d. week. SHOP. 2, SCHOOL BROW. rent 7s. 6d. week. SHOP, 123 MERSEY STREET, rent ss. week. 55, WASH LANE, rent £l4 per year. M' LL STREET. OPPICES.ground floor. Also upper rooms. BAKI4I-10USR, centrally 'Rueter], rent as. 6, SCHOUL BROW, rent 3s. 9d. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Elstate Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War- rlnaton. Telephone—No 55."

rro LW 17, FOLLY LAN% will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS & SON Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

;To LET, good MUSH in Derby-street, rent Cs. 6cl. will _L be cleaned for good tenant.—apply WOODS & Sox, !solicitor% Warrington. fro LIST GOCO H MISR, Parker street, rent 351. month _I clear, will he cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODB & SOY, Solicitors, Warrington.

fllO BB LEI'. House. St. Mary's it., containing 2 sitting- rooms, kitchen. scullery, 3 bedrooms, bathroom, dc.— Apply J. LtTNT, Bridge foot, Warrington.

tifiSSFIFIRLD, near Southport, £65 and £7O, two new X Villas to Let ; splendid situation, electric railway,— WooLasuo, 259. Stanley rd.. Bootie. Liverpool.

kNKRY.—HOUSE AND GARDEN, Rent EZS ; also Building land on Lease at ground rent ; tbrea minutes from Station.—JEAN AND box, Boiicitors, 2S, Winwiok It., Warrington.

KNUTSFORD-ROAD.—TO BE LET, House. enntatning two sittlng-aoorns, kitehen.seullery, four bedrzoms end bathroom ; rent Bs. her week ; no rates.—koply LTJNT Bridge-feet Warrington.

jr),FMICHS to be Let, over Union _Bank, Sankey Street, IJF Warrington ; light and airy ; fire places and electric lights in each roa.m.—Apply J. strnLow, 65, Buttermarket Bt., Warrington.

.I)WRLLING-HOUBB.—TO BB LET. with immediate poseeselon, the CominOdiOns Dwelling-hqnse, No. 21, Strnl.y it.. containing three entertaining rooms, kitchen, scullery, pantry, ten bedrooms, bathroom, lavatory, we., large garden.

PWELLING-HOUSS.-TO BE LIIT, with immediate possession. No. 19, Stanley it.. containing two enter- taining rooms, kitchen, scullery and pantry ; five bedrooms, bathroom ; outside washhoute r,nt €25 ; there is an access to both houses from St. Austin's lane.—Apply J. and W. DUTTON, Sankey it., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Inatbmerp, etc.

;:',,,.....,..;i1...,..!,.......,::,..24,..4,y,...,,,..,,,,,i,... ....,t.'. ::-.:, ; •••••;: i';'.;`'N,'.1.,,,,'714- *.•.l.f..;>:li;i:'::',Y,.'.'.'*.t,-;.,,i. •i,' :4.

lAN SAUL EItOBSLBY 4 N.H.P. GAS BNGINE ; perfect condition ; little used. Also 1 Horse Motor.—Hounie• BEAD, Ming Ste. Stockport.

CROSSLBIrd OTTO (MS6-borbe power; in splendid working order ; may be seen running.—Apply J. LATCOCK 0o•, 21, Market it., Wigan

pATENT OH 1C ABURBSTRE BSTABLISIEHED Ix 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES d SON have has more than 40 years' personal; experience in connection with this Establish. ment and possess practice I ano w lodxe of the cotton,woolle n an iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price Eld. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. EEDEQB DAVIBS, C.E., SON, P.1.P.A., M.B.A

4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

QT. GRORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod 4.7 Grierson and Co.), Hu!me. Manchester, have the Larges Assortment of WHBRL and PULLEY PATTERNS In the trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Pulley and Tooth Block Patterns Ac., belonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London-road iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Billlwrlghtotnd all kinds of Bogineering Work promptly.—Catalogue9 of Wheels and valley Patterns on application. NT., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: Ormerod Grierson, Manchester."

i-1vA.,,,....,.- .-..A.,,,,,,,,.-:.. -..... ,;,..,..,,:v., ;,,„ 7.-'4.4,,,

===== 0002601_19060630_art0061.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
poultrp, Oggs, ett.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
FOWL COIN, 7s. 6d., 10s. 6.1., 12s. 6d. 2101bs. ; Pig Food, 7s. ad. and Ponitry Meal. Bs. and 10s. per 2001bs,— NOCHE AND Co.. 15. Goree piazzas, Liverpool. Mention paper.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
illigrellaneoug, OR a alt, etc.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
FILMS deve10v......1 is. per roll (I2).—ENGLaND RITVAL Holland Park avenue. London, tit,

===== 0002601_19060630_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
pOOFIISG d. 5.000 rolls 25yds. by 32bas.. 2s. 9 roll ; casb.—G. PowEB, Stockton-on-Tees.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIIPETTY ENAMISL Otlent.ilde.ign, Is. post J. free; 2 for Is. 9d.PALsen PIF.R BAZAAR. Bighton.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
a CABINET PORXRAITS copied ,trorn any photo, post V free Ss. Ed.—LITTLEJOHN, 41, London rd., Kngston.

gi UARaNTERu EXIERISIBATOL: for Beetles. etc, 7d. kJ and Is.—BLECTItIC, bBs. Dane et.. Islington London.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
EnQuittiill, two Small Houses ; near togetn-r ; few acres of and esseut:al.—Humas, Ire, Knutsford.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Hornes hares and ()evilleates Wanted. stare lowest price.—PUBCHASER, 56 Archway rd., 14igngste,N.

ACJB.—Large parcels choice long remnants, carriage Li paid WALLIS, 39. Wimbourne rct., No,tingnam.

GOLD MOULDisD indestrectable Kecords (Lamuert). a sorted 3s. 6d per dozan.—D.. 14 'el ount .t., Aylesbury.

BILLIUSADS, 31,m0e., Cards. or envelopes, t./VV 3.. 6d. ; I,OJ, ss. 6d.--kinrsom, 9. Spencer it., trravesend.

bUITd to Measure, fit guaranteed. splendid cLths, patterue free. —HOLLowAY's, thtfOrd rd., Manchester.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
LlBBE—Beisufiful ii.ustrated catalogue dainty Blouses. blorts Costucues. SiIks.—BOLLuWAY'S, 43, Oxford rd., Mftrictifttrr.

J3UY YOUB litlrAJT.--.3-ixmart pAreais Bait Ti post free tor 56. 6J.—GoLDex TEAPJT, i 46. Juba st• Blayclon-on-Tvrie.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
QAIII.st./IS 111 MisrAL FuLISH, CuPTHALL klous,r, London, B.C. For all Metals, no acid. in tins I d., 3d. and 6d. Send lid. tor sample.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
FRHIS :—Beautt:ully Illustrated Catalogue Of ureful and ornamental Chma.-8. W. SCHOLEB. Asbfielda rd.. N,sseastle. Stsffordanire.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
I ANUPAOTURKHS' BBMNANlS.—Prints,Flannelettea, ItIL Cretonne', MusHns, Stoffs,&c., cheap. rrize Het free, W. CLARRooN, Slercbant. Brook it.. BracHord.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
AFTERNOUN Teaspoons —E. N.S. Marvellous value. 4s. 6d. dozen. - end Id. stamp for tree sample spoon.-- MILLER, Meretiant, 39, oeettong lane. 8.1.1

===== 0002601_19060630_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
BAZAAR GGODS (Special), Id. and 60. Greatest variety and value In the trade.—SaLstoisk ALTEIEWMAN, Ltd Plough Buildings, Gloucester at., Birmingham.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
NLIS BANIoHISLI completely by three applications Cl Livesey'sunfiower Pomade ; 44. tin, post free ; Urge sly:, I—S. T. LivESEL Chemist, Preston I..ricaehi-e.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
TAT !DOING perms, ently ltisalloVlsll first application, testimonials received daily. Is. Id. only from.—Bß OLD- BENT. American Tattooist, Pier et.. Plymouth.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
ARMY RAZOR, STROPS, Is. each; wider Is 6d.; magic shavpencrs satisfaction guaranteed.—Aticer. SINGLE, Young's Corner. Hammersmith, London 'N.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
IXED bTOCKS. Asters, CUllardia, Jacobea, Candytuft, I.TI Marguerites, wallflowers, Brussels Sprouts. Purp:e, Broccoli, de., Is. 100.—Noy, Elaypond lane, Brentford.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
2/- PRR PAlR.—Gennine Army and Pollee Trousers repaired. Rare opportunity, postage 6d. Satisfaction guaranteed.—CLYDESDALE, 1, Brenton at., Stepney, Loudon PICTURR POSTCARDS, Actresses, Comics, Viewa Jewelled Cards Ac. Lovely designs 25 ls., 40 le. 64., 60 21. All di fferent.-13HATBY, Bookseller. Hulme. Manchester.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
B°"' Knickers, serge or tweed. Is. 6d per pair ; Jerseys navy or scarlet, ls. 6d. ; send postal Order; money returned if not approved.—MAlL ORDER STORES, Leamington

===== 0002601_19060630_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITS BUTTER, PAPBtf. 12s. 6d. per cwt. Grease Proof, 225. ; Cheese Paper, IN. Car. Paper from ed. ; Sweet Bags, loz Cops. 60. 1,00. LONOWORTR'S, Oak at., Thomas St., Mat:lnes c,er.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER AND CO., PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS,

ALL kinds of BOOKS BOUND in any style from the simplest to the most elaborate. HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective. HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song, Festivals' &C. PROGRAMMES for Entertainments, Concerts, &c., in the latest artistic style. SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS, Printed, Bound, Numbered, and Perforated to Order. JOHN WALKER & CO., BEWSET STRERT, WARRINGTON

A.%iltiff I

•••= IMiNIENIII,

===== 0002601_19060630_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
VII 7 ANTIO) APPRENTICH.--apply H. ri S. CHANDLEY, V decorators, ligypt it., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
SUGAR and other Sacks Wanted ; state quantity and price. —COMAN, 4. Circus, London. V.C.

CIANVASSIMS wanted.—All towns, represent trade jour- ) nate. whole part time. —WOOLWYCH, Burton-on-Trent.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
BBLGIUM.—Towns, Country, Seaside ; private party fn. 14 days in August, £6 inelusive.—Partioulars fro m WELFORD, 61 Mansfield rd , Ilford

===== 0002601_19060630_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
litiTS collected. estates managed, book debts collected ..LL or bought.--If nothiug collected. no charge made. RNE. 206 Upper Themes at., London.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
ILK.—WANTED, a few good DAIRIES of well-cooled AL MILK ; good reference. prompt payments.—Apply OWY7f THOMAS. 134, Westminster rd.. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
A CCOUISTaIIIT (18 yesrs experience) writes up hooks CI prepares balance she et —Terms from 10s. weekly.— Write THORNE, 208, Upper Thames it., London.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
VARN MOBBY, Home Boot Repairing ; easily learnt ; full instructions and outfit 10s. (or 6d, deposit and balance se convenient) —Boor, 4, Rediton rd , Hornsey

===== 0002601_19060630_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
STAMP Collector desires to purchase a collection of old stamps, also old stamps on original envelopes ; very high prices given; have a few duplicates for sale or exchange RosEDENE, Seaford, Sussex.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
CNADA.—Farm Hands Hsrvekers & Domestics wanted in large numbers. Exosllent wages. Work secured. Special parties end of June. Fares only. Enclose stsmp.— COLONISING ABBOCIATION, 12 Preesons Row, Liverpool,

===== 0002601_19060630_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
motor ear, eptits, TarrtagrsC, etc

===== 0002601_19060630_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
T IfillT LURRY with sheet and rail complete ; suit trades- JAI man ; bargain ; owner giving up. —THOMPSON, 77, Rail- way rd., Leigh.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
SICLI-WHEELING MERLIN ()HAIRS, £2 101.; Eelf- propelling Chairs. with lever, £7 10. ; photo sent.— FAITHFUL, 208, Philip lane, Tottenham, London.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
L IGHT LANDAU ON SALM. J. IL tyres, in gold cm dltion. Also Wagonette to carry 28, with removable top. Cbeao.—HOLLINaIIEA.D. Wingate. Stockport.

IPPBR BANGOR, N. WALB_S.-2L&s MENAI BOARD- ING BSTaBLISIDIBtIf2. Near Pier and golf tariff from ss. per day.

BDLACKPOOL.—APARTMHEird, with or without board; three minutes from Central Station and SBA ; ba%, piano. Parties catered for.—. Mr. HARRY STARKIE, 5, Palatine rd. (late of 58. Erdington rd.)

OBBCAMBIS.—APA.HTINI BB iS. Public and Private _ll_ Mrs. PICRUP, Hanover House, 77, Clarendon rd.. W.ll. Bath and piano.

MILOOCAMBIC BAY.--Clomfortable APAAgTrkiIiNTS near Promenade Pad West Bud Pier. Terme on application. Mrs. WHITEHEAD, 3, Wettn2lneter rel.,Morecambe.

MuItECAMBH, W.K.—Comfortahle APMCCMISDITS (public or private) ; close to promenade ; bath, piano ; moderate terms.—lilrs. WILSDON, 9a, Westminster rd.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
1000 To 1

YOU GICT EVERYTHING AND ANYTHING YOU WANT AT THE " ENTERPRISE." WHO ARE WE?

WHY THE LARGEST BONA-PIDB FIRM FOR MOTOR ACCESSORIES. ALL THE LATEST NOVELTIES. CALL AND

CONVINCH YOURSEILVES. AT HtIYIE 9 A.M. To 7 Pod,

E 8 IND 70, WOOD STREET, LIVERPOOL, r p rp 111 E 6 6 .r.NTERPRISE."

TEL. 1644 ROYAL.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11*MUI:.MifiN

===== 0002601_19060630_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 30, 1906.

bouses anb Eanb on gnat.

Ma nteD

ottt,Oparocs, Moartnito 00tab5.

10tALISY BOURNHMOUTH.—HOTEL DUX/11TH, most 1.-P Up-CO-date. DAINTY CUISINE. FLOUT 30s. No extras- Nr.pter.

apart trinW, gttrntobrb ilutof 5, Sa.

BLACKPOOL—Public And private AYARTMEPTS, near _ entertainments ; board ss. 6d. per day.-4, LEopoLrt GRoVE.

pLACKPOOL.—A PAH ['MINTS public or private. close to 6.—The misses eaAppLEBEcK. Prudhoe House, 85, Lord at., N. t;bore

===== 0002601_19060630_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
1100LACKPOOG.--Home from home; near Centr+l Station. Stamp for reply.- Mrs. WADDINGToN. 54, Albert rd., and 69, Coronation at.

11OLACKPOOL.—APARTAIENrS, private and public, or Board Retidenee.—Mrs. DURRANT, 153, Ara:track rd., North Shore. Sea view.

LACK POOL—Suer lor Public and Private APART- N4ktNT.3, one min. from sea and South Shore Station 51, WITHNELL RD.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
"DLACKPoOL:—CIean homely APA IM} ; Public and prime ; good beds and co king; centraL—Ars. 111080 N. ZB. Cbarniey rd. BLAOKPOOL. Bed and pobilc sitting-room 2s. tor two; private sitting and bedroom 2,a. week ; sea view.— OOLLES, 5, Princess at.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
D LACK POOL.—Comtoqable APARTMICNTS • Rood cook- ing ; eles.n, prompt serrioe.—A. HAIMING, 24, Clifton sc. Opposite North Pier.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
-DLACKPOOL —Comfortatle APARTMENrs with or with out board, 7erms moderate, Pan,.—Mi.e PILYINGTOK, 15, Topping at., off Talbot rd.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL.—Superior APARTMBNTS, faciag the sea ; private or pu'Aic ; board if desired.-=-Ara. WOULEY. 2, Bindloss terrace, Prom.uade

LACKPOOL.—APARTNISNTS ; home from home; terms 25.; bath. niano ; nen. see; cyclists accommodation. ANDERTON, 16, Shaw rd., B.S.

I I.ANDUDNO.—UOMPOItIABLII APAHTMISNTS ; every I_l convenience ; close to pler.—WEaT HND VILLA, Glhuorb Walks.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL.—PubiIo and Private APAR rnaICNT3 Board. Sea View. PftTV.-STA'FIKLD GRINDROD Vernon Hoa=e, S. Wellinuton rd.

LLANDUDNO.— Beautiful etuation. 2 minutes sea ; bath. APARTMENTS.—Missea STRATTON, Frondllion, tiosesberry avenue.

L" DUDSIO.- " Afon-boi " Curzon Road.—&PART- MBNYS, board If required. Grand mountain slew', Near sea. Homely and eornfortable.--Hrs. DAVIES.

LANDUDNO.—To be Let, IUItNISH/ID, close prom. cittlog, 4 bedrooms, batb.--Sirs ROBERTS, Tangnefedd, Oretig-y-Don.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
ATTER 7 r.m. CBB5 ROYAL.

was

INNIONitOO

===== 0002601_19060630_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL ; Mrs. ELLWOOD, Grange Boarding House. Lord sr,. near Tallot Road station. and sea.—Terms from 4.., no extras. Billiards; taleolurre 0656.

BULL BAY HOTEL. .I.OII,WCH.—The awitzerland of iingiana ; facing the Irish Sea ; golf, shooting, fish- ing, coating ; sea baths attacheti.—G. J. Munn.

Br.,&oliPOOL.—muperior &PAK I :ANTIS ; nrivate.puelie , hoard 5.. 6d. day ; week-end 10s. 6d—Mr. ASHWORTH. Ar.hleigh. 951. Lytham .d.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
WIRE VMS (ttairnwood) —High-class. well- turnishei 80/OWING-HOUSE ; bath, stables ; finest views and bet position here.—Proorietress, Mrs. HARM&

BLACK POO L.—APA IMIENTS. close to central pier and station ; piano; stamp for reply —Mrs. CHAPMAN, 30, Bairstow 61., Promenade.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Dl.O.M.—Clarendon /Hotel, Tea, bed arid breakfast. 46. 13EDF,RD Prom (trnm oLeects.)

===== 0002601_19060630_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
DOUGLAS.—The Grange, 44, Loeb Promenade ; tea, bed and breakfast, 4s. ; full board from ss. ; private sittiOgroom.—Mrs. CHRISTIAN.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
DOUGLAS.—CHALMEIRS' YORK BOARDING IaTAB- LI.o/101141,11, Castle Terrace, Central pro rn en ode. Tf atIIS pass from steamers. First-class table. Terms from ss. fd. per dap. Central and best position on fr-mt.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
101LEY.—Y1ilVI BOARDISG HSTABLISHAtt t.:N 12 on sea front; amoke-room; tariff moderate —A. REYNILD9

===== 0002601_19060630_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
ILKLRY.-11111.1tLHHO' HOUSH HYDRO. Tel. 0172. Tents from 3Cs. 6d. to 37s 61. inclusive Bl!lards, Tennie,aolf.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
IVE —FARMHOUSE Board and Lodgings ; three .0.131. minutes from Electric Railway.—Mrs. J. P. JOHNSON, Baliakaighin, Oncbace.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
LANGOLLES, N. Wales.—Tyn-y-wern BOARDING ESTABLISH hNT. Late dinner, croquet, tennis. fishing. From ss. 6d per day.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
LACIDUDNO. Almora BOAdDLISTa HaI4BLI3H- -1I MINI, close to r.ier ; bath, hot and cold.—Miss WARD. Telegrams, '• Sisters," Llandudno,

DLACKPOOL.-30, Piewant et.. North Shoe, Public and .1) Private APART:MINTS ; four minutes from Talbot Road Station; two minutes from sea.—Mrs. Wool), and Miss FISHER from Dewsbury.

10POLACKPOOL. —Weil-turnisbed Sarni-detach° I mt.& TO Bh LEI, for Prly; select part ; eight minutes' walk from both railway stations. Post-office, and North Pier.— Apply JONES, 40, Victoria st., Blackpool.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
YTHAM.—.'llnderwocei " SHLECT BO.S.HDIN + HOUSH 1.4 14, Agnew it. ; apertrnents.-61r. . Donut, Proprietzeis

===== 0002601_19060630_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
PORT BRIN —BRIGHTON BOaRDING HOUits, Promenade, facing sea ; boating, fishing, near to baths; terms moderate.—Mrs. HABEN.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
cipartmentslltirniagri blusel, &c.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
A BERYSTWYTH.—Cotofertable APARTMHHTS, close to 1% sea and station ; terms moderate,—Apply Mns JoNEe, 16, Crefftwr rd.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
A NBl:nat.—Comfortable APATITBIBBTS. near station 11l and tea; bath, B.o.—Mies Tows, 17, Buckingham rd.

APARTMSNTS, Lake District ; pleasantly mituated two miles from Heyershant Station ; reasonable terms.— Miss WINNALL. Levens, Milntboroe.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
AIINSIDE,—APARTURNTS one minute from sea ; good airy rooms •, all modern conveniences ; bath; good cooking; golf linke.—ALLEN, Stonegartb.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
BAICHViBLL, 1 or 2 bedrooms; attendance ; betb ; plena ; all modern requirements ; rood centre.—Mrs. KEELY, Granby Croft.

BBAUM ARIS.—APARTMIINTS ; two sitting arid three bedrooms ; one minute from pier.—TAYLOR, 2, Ylas Comb. Church ot.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
BBR""' 5.114 NTS, Et beds ; Close to station ; beautiful scenery, fishing ; terms moderate.— Mrs. WILLIAM'. Elrtanallt Farm.

BLACKPOOL.—PubIio and private APAR CMIiNTS near sea and ststion.—Mrs. Wroolws, 149, Lytham rd.

BLAOKPOOLIiabIe APARTMIONTS, with or witi2out board ; terms moderate.—Mrs RohosoN,lls, Adelaide at.

BLACKPOOL.— Superior APAIVIMRNTS. " EDEN- ,'" THORPE," 50,Alexandra rd., S.S., off Prom. ; mo 4 terms.

LACKPOOL—PubIie and private APARTNINNTS.—Mrs. 63117 n, 61, Dean et., South Shore. Near station and sea. LACRPOOL.—NdIith Shoe; 3 minutes from sea APAKThiIiNTS.—Afre. Onswonnr, 4, Cheltenham rd

===== 0002601_19060630_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL —Comfortable APAItTnIiNTS. near Central Pier ; cyclists accommodated.—Mra. BULL. 23, Dale at., Pe* view.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACRPOOL.—PubIie and Private APARTUDNTS ; near Central Statlen.—Mrs. DAWBoIf, 98, Central Drive.

BLACKPOOL.—AYARTMIikeIi.—Mrs. DELL, 19, Tyldes- ley rd.; close to sea ; 2s. per night two persons; central

===== 0002601_19060630_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
Ipipb LACKPOOL.—Ormfortable. homely APARTMENTS.— LP Mr.. HARTLEY'S, 80, Albert rd., near Central Stadon cod lea. btamp reply.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
LAORPOOL.—VIaItors coming to Blackpool will find a P home from home at 53, Palatine rd. ; bed and attend- ance 26. ; boarding if required; plano.--311se bloke.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL (Central).—Publia and private APART- MlifiTS, near amuse-nenis, station and lea.--tat re NORTON, 16, Regent-street, bff Church-street.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable ROB for one or two Ladle. in quiet and select neighbourhood ; every convenienct.. —Apply Mrs. CLARKE, 46, Woodland Grove. pLACKPOOL.- APARTMENTS, Mrs. E. BROWN 144, Central Drive, Central Station. and se'. ; with or without board ; every accommodation for Cyclists.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
111111LAORPOOL.—Best position, Promenade. Sitting and 1,1 Bedrochns facing sea. Public and private APART- MENTS.—Mrs,BIaTtivv, Lyndene, Blnd'oss terrace.

I Ylllsl.—Highest part; very bracing; grand scenery ; LA large Furnished Sitting and Bedroom ; all convent- ences.—SouTs BANK, Cherry lane.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWNESS-ON- WINDBRMB ft ti.-Pleeeant APART SIENTS —WARDLE, Bereeford rd,

DBAY.—APARTMIitsTa tieing lee doubled-bedded I) rooms : £1 and 15s. per week • use of sitting-room and attendance free.—Mrs. KENNA, Harbour View. Esplanade

===== 0002601_19060630_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
(ILESVELISYS.—HomeIv AP sltTedlsN'N ; near sea an trauss.—Mrs. bcoTr. South View. Coekerham Lane.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
fIOLWYN 13/I.Y.—Pleasant, Inexpensive liolirlay.—For kJ Particulars send fd stamp to PREflißoB HOUsE.

I IeiLWYN BAT.—Homely APAti MOTS, with or with- out board.—Mre. ANDNIITON, The Woodlands, Hrokine

===== 0002601_19060630_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
CuLwYN BAY.—APARTWITS or Board Residence; bath, piano ; terms moderate.—REECE, Argyle House, Abergele rd.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
OOLWYN BAY.—Comfortable BOARD RBSIDBNCB or Aprtment.. near *ea, woods and promenade. Moderate terms.--BLSIRITEST, Lawion rd.

-lOLWYN BAY.— Comfortable APARTMENTS ; pleapantly situated near sea ; terms moderate.— Mrs, ADAMS, Tudno Villa, Rhlw Bank Avenue.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
POLWYN BAY.—Comfortthle homely APAECTAISISTS. NJ near shore and stetion. ten minutes from woods; terms moderate.—Mrs. WHITS, Aberdale. Penrbyn rd.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
CORWEN.—Comfortable FARB/ROUSH APARTMENTS; lovely locality ; bracing mountain air ; with or without board.—Jorme, Llanisa, Bryueglwys, Corwen, LW.

nOUBTRY BOARD. APARTMENTS. BDwARDS, Worthenbury, Wrexham. TIERBYSHIRB.-10 BE LET, Bedroom end'Sitting-room _LI for July.—F. DenwExr, Thornhill. Hope, Sheffield.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
J)1113BYSKIRB HlLLS.—Rootne roaasiae hotel-farm ; vacant now ; low terms.—WESTALL. Earl nterndale, Buxton.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
DEREYSHHIR.—FURNISHED HOUSES TO BE LET. Beautifully Situated, good rooms. Every ConvenienCe. HIGHER CLIFFE HOUSE, Birch Vete, Hayfield.

DOUGLAS.—Bed and breakfast 2.. 64. ; full board 4s. 64.; beds two oereons 2s.—Dl rs. QUAYLS, 27, Peel rd.

DOl7GLAS.—Bemonde House, 15 Hutchinson Square, Broadway. Tea, bed and breakfast 3s. 6d. ; beds 28. Mrs. RATTIGAN.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
TIOUULAS, I.O,M.—APAR,TIidIiNTS with or without board; near promenade.—Mrs. 51ACDoNALD, Ashley Honte,l2, Derby rd.

DOUGLAS. ISLE OF MAN.—Mrs. R. ANDREW, Devon- shire House. Warpole Avenue. Promenade, close to Grand Hotel and Victoria Pier.

DOUGLAS, I-O-M.—Well-furulahed APARTMENTS to let. Good Cooking. Five minute, to central promenade. —Mn. FINNIGAN, 3, Roslyn Terrace.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
DOTJULAS.-7, Stanley terrace. Broadway.—APAHT- MBISTS with or without board; comfortable, homely ; near shore ; piano ; terms modera,e.—Mrs. INscoE.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
I)OUGLAS.—FLTBNISHRD APARThiIiNTS, with or without board ; beds 28. Cars from Jubilee Clock to door.—Mrs. HARRAGHTY, 3. Waverley Terrace. Broadway.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
TAOUGLAS. Isle of Alan,—Homely APARTMENTS at "the Annandale" 1 Church rd., Promenade. Board or otherwise. Reasonable yernia.—allea ReeTHAM,PrOprietrese

-- 1111)HYL.—Comfortable APAtinitiNTS. close to sea nnd JUL, station ; terms moderate.—Mies RinE, Ventrior House, Edward Henry et.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
DOUGLA n el. In OF MAN.—Comfortable arid homely 'APAATMIINTS, with board if necessary, in most central and convenient position ; two minutes from Pron.; moderate terms.—

,—......., —.—.. THE MISSES CUBBON. Cheatilre House, IT, Stanley terrace, Broadway.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
Apartmatis jurnibell 3hottOtO, Szr.

DUlTGLAS.—Furnished house, pleasantly situated ; bath; sitting and four bedrooms ;piano. CL•amtnols HOTEL.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
rkIiBLIN.—WAVERLEY HOTEL, &Lavine it.. Rest. attd. Central. Mod. Garden roof. Every comfort

===== 0002601_19060630_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
DUBLiN.—APARTIIHNTS. comfortaole ; seieet, central. . moderate; with or without board.--Slits HELM ;46, Upper Gardiner at.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
EDINBUIiGH.-I{nglist lady has PIIVAT4 ACOOSIMO- DATION for Tourists. —Particulars, Write BRYCE, 32, Batburn place.

FURNISHED VILLA; 6 bedrooms. 3 sitting ; large garden ; long, short period ; close sea, station, mountains.— WlLLlalgs, 2, Mona-view, Llantairfechan•

===== 0002601_19060630_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
HOYLAKl3.—Superlor APARTMENTS, sunny aapeet ; large garden; close to promenade.—lNGOLDSßY, Birkenhead rd.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
LANGOBLBN.—APARVIENTS. One sittinK two bed 1.4 rooms (one double-bedded) Farmhouse in lovely Dee Valley. Beautiful seenery.—R^BEßTEl.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
T LANDUDNO.—Comfortab!e APARTaiIIiNTS. Central. 1.4 One minute from station and promenade. Terms very moderate. Min. ATKINiON, The Hague, Chariton it.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
1 LANFAIIIF4CHAN, N.W.—Oomfortable APARTMENTS to be Let ; sea and mountain views; terms very moder- ate —Miss W72,114E. Fern Bank.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
A/TATLOCK BAHL—Comfortable APAHTMONTS. Moon - .131 tam a View.—Hrs. BAMFORD (late of Holmes Chapel). Cranage House. .fetlock Bank.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
MSNAI BRIDGIC.—APAIITHIRNTS hi well-appointed house on front facing pier. Public Or private sitting- rooms. Plano. Cycle-room.—BOBERTS, Glekll37dotl.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
11,10 PECAMBH, W. 8.. -Good APARTMENT'S, facing sea and prom. ; mod. terms.—Mrs. Titormort. 10, Winterdyne. ' MORROA.MBH. W.I4.—APARTMLCNPi public or priyate ; near lea • plano.—Mrs. J. WALKER, Alaska. House, 12, Clarendon id. •

===== 0002601_19060630_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
IT OR HO 6311113 W.E.—Pleasant APARTMENTS public 131. and private; nest' sea and amusements.—Mrs. BELL, 57, Al.xandra rd.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
ORECAMBd.—Pubile and Private APARTMENTS, sea LVI view.—Mrs. CARVER, Richmond House, 14, Albert rd, Morecambe, W.H.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
AloßmomßlisTWs.Bw.-i-loor cwori7fhoorutblbAoarwdegllo-futorni;preed CUERRY ELLIOTT, (fOralerl.4s E. 9, Albert rd.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
M"ARPCAN'II/431LSTS14:—aclngmosdeear,3u,no;bpliioanaondbatphrivaant47 teFrma cycle accommodatlon.—RoTawELL'a,Blton Ho use,b, Windsor Terrace, near Battery Hotel.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BElGlNTON.—Corntortable APARTMENTS ; cleanli- nee+, good cooking ;plano,bath;clov promenade.—Mrs. fisITH. Ferndale. 72, lllge,tort it.

DARISIAN PH2IIICON FOlt NAL% ln splendid con s Mon, forbore 13 to 15 hands. Can be seen at the VICILIUGE, ormskirk,

===== 0002601_19060630_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
TIDENMARNMAWIt, the Switzerland of Walec—Send stamp for Illustrated Booklet and List.—S EC ET LH Improvement Committee, Penmaenmawr.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
PORT RRlN.—Private APAR CblENTd.—Mrs W. UREBBIN Brae Vffla, Athol Park.

-mit)fia 'MIN.—Bay View Home, Promeuade. APART MEN IS with or without hoard ; near sea; ashing boatime &Le. ; terms moderate--Mrs. W. McARD.

PlMTAlVl.—Superlor private APARTM IiNTS. sea front, with or without board Garden. Pubito Terinis and Goli.—Mrs. SMITH, " Orskelow."

P, HELL NORTH WALKS.---Comfortwole APAAT- DIStazi to Let; facing sea.—Mrs ROWLANDS, Dihoeveig Houee, South Beam.

PWLLHHLI, I.l.w.—Cotafortable APittil wins or I without, boird ; term moderate.—E. R., Vernon HOMO, West End.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
HYL.—COMPORt ABLE 1100119. T,.rms rnleterate.— IN • WENTWORTH HOWIE, 25, Edward Henry st. tentre of West Parade.

RHYL.—CornfortaUle APAHISDINTS nesr res9fl.tatioz terms modetate.—Mrs. WILTON, Kingston House. Busmen rd.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
HYL.— APARTMUNT4. Batb. Piano. Splendid 11 position. Near sea.—Misses WALKER, Glendale, 12, Sandringham Avenue.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
RHYL—llomely APARTMANTS, elOse to lea; private and pdblic tonne; terms mDclemte.—Mrs. T, LLOYD, butterton rd.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
D HYL.-13easIde APARTMIINTa with or without board. AA" Moderate. H. and C. bathe. Cycle accommodation. —Mrs, Wile& 2 Brighton rd:

===== 0002601_19060630_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
• HYL.--ouperlor publio or private AeAttTAINNTs ; ▪ 11. board optional ; be±st position ; borne comforts ; bstb, ko.—OaalitcoN, 43, West Parade.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
RHYL.—Por FURNISHED HOUSES or APARTMaIs ; send requirements and enclose stamp for reply to HAT WOOD & 00., Agents, ltbt.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
SOAHI3OROUGH.—APARTBILiN I:4. tront.—YEEL. b. Btenbalm terrace.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
SIUSCHOFT.—APARTMBETB (Fermhouse). Two or three bedroom. and sitting-room. Close to Golf Linke and Bea.—j.amrs, Klrkstanton, blleeroft, Cumberland.

'

===== 0002601_19060630_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
Gparttntntsl,lTurnicSbeb 3P . too, Sa. QOUTHPORT.-15uperlor prlvat. APARTMENTS to be Let; large garden; near Lord et ; 25, AUGHToN RD.. Blrkdale.

QOUTH SHOEN.—Superior APARTMENTS; sea view 7 one minute station, trams, pier; plano.—Mrs. 23. Dean it., south Shore. Blackpool.

(.201.JUIPORT.— Comfortable APAitTNIIINN. near Chapel U J at., Station and Lord at.; piano, —Mre. MIDDLETON. 19, flaweaside it.

OUTEPORT.—HomeIy APARTMENTS, near 11lurnina- C 1 None ; bath, piano; terms moderate —Mrs. LockETT. 68s, Eastbank et.

QOUTHPORT.—MIis HOLAIE9, Highgate terrace. 66, Bath st.—Pulaile and Private AP UtTSIHNTS two minutes from promenade and Lord it. Illuminations; home comforts; highly recommended: PlAno,

SOUTHPORT.--THE MISSES CHADWICK, WESTFIELD. 34, BATH ST. COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS, PUBLIC AND PRIVATE. PIANO. VERT CENTRAL.

QT. ANNRS.—APARTAII4RTS, near sea and station ; terms modesate.—ROGEßS. Rostherne Villa. St David's rd.. S.

QT. ANNWS-ON-THE-Nl9A.—Superior A PAWL' 1,7 close to pier; beet position.—SUNNY LEA, St. Anne's rd., West.

ANDTES-ON-SHA.—Plessantly situated; public or kl private; near station and sea —Mrs. DONLLDSON, 5, St. Anne's rd., E.

QT. ANNES-ON SEA.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, nr. station and •e.—For terms write Mn. HOOLEY. 2, Sydney-street.

QT. ANNES-ON-SECA*—APARItd N NTS public or private; 0 pleasantly situated ; terms moderate.—lra. LEE, 46. St. Alban'. rd.

T. ANNES-ON-THE-SEA.—Comfortable APARTMENTS ; 1-1 every home comfort.—Mre. SCHOLES. Whiteberk 66, St. Andrew's rd., South. TOWYN-ON-SEA, MERIONETHSHIRE. " FAIRFIELD." 3, MARINE PARADE. WELL FURNISHED APARTMENTS. FACING SEA. FISHING AND GOLF. SAFE BATHING. MISS JONES.

Artsvroas to Ireland will find nice lodgings at 4, Sr. V TONATIIIS RD., Dorset st., Dublin. Terms moderate.

WHNSLICYDALH —To Let. FU RN ISH ISEI coTrafia, 800 ft. above lea; near main; braelng ; fishing; three beds ; liberty July 10; station one mtle.--Ilrs. Haeoa.HillarF Farm, Burtersett, Hawes.

WlNealt Rotig.llßit.t—geMvantri.rresoz:aDicnyinoli t t °Te' ne :1% rf Osrt APARTSIHNTN.

WIADERMBRI3.—AIORFAIHNTS to Let; Farmhouse situated in the Troutbeck Valley.-51rs. FELL, Stone- thwaite Farm, Trontbeek.

'ale lip atation.

BY MR. JOHN MAGINN.

TERMINATION OF TENANCY. IMPORTANT 10 FURIII I URE DEALERS, BROKERS AND NOUSHHOLDERS. DAYS' SALE EY AUCTION (wErRouT RESERVE) OF MANUFACTURERS' STOCKS OF BOUSEHOLD FURNITURE. Ac., Ac., Ac. _ _ _

THE ROYAL COURT -lAN{ Roosts. BYLANDS ST., WARBINGTON. Commencing on WEDNESDAY the 4th July and following days until the Entire Stock is cleared. lir IL JOHN MAGINN WILL SELL BY AUCTION 111 (without reserve) on the above date, and following days, the entire stook of Household ,FURNITURE. to., com- prising in brief as follows i—Dining-room suites in oak. mahogany and walnut, upholstered in saddlebags, velvet, leather, carriage cloth and hair seating ; drawing-room suites in walnut, mahogany and Chippendale, upholstered in art tapestry, @like., Nenoa and French velevis ; bedroom suites in oak, walnut and mahogany ; pairs of stands., chests of drawers, hall stands, sideboards, Chippendale cabinets and bookcises, divan and easy chairs, occasional chairs, ball chairs, bentwood and kitchen chairs, commode Chair, Ac. overmantles and pier glasses, carpets, rugs, linoleum, oil cloth snd cork carpets, roil-top desks and office furniture, sewing machines, wringing and washing machines, stair carpets and stair cloths, stair rods, ac.. china, glass and table ware, chamber ware, Ac,, cloaks, bronzes and statuary. pianos by Brinsmead, Collard, Cramer, and Broadwood. White and (Jo, Am, organs by Farrand and Votey, fenders.- curbs, &drone, and firebrases, brass amid iron bedsteads wool,wire and hair mattresses; wool,feather and down beds bedelothing, Ac., lace curtains,piano and organ stools,dinitll:: room tables with loose 'eaves to extend from 6to 15 fee ~" kitchen tables, leaf tables, kitchen dressers,oceasional tab.,`,°;. flower and plant-stands, mantel ornaments and vases, leu' Davenports and writing desks, go., Pm. The goods were purchased for the vendor's usual trade. B.D„,1: will be guaranteed perfect in every way unless other% lee described at time of sale. Sale by Auction to commence each day at 2 and 7 p.D2 Sale by Private Treaty from 9 a,m. to 2 p.m. each day. The whole stock on view on Monday and Tuesday, July 2nd and 3rd, For further particulars apply to John Magian, Bridge' street and Ilylands-street, Warrington. N.B.—ln order to meet the requirements of buyers of lade, or small lots, the goods when convenient, will be offer singly, leaving the purchasers the option of taking any Einar bar they may require ; and any article will be put up for sale on any day at any time they are asked for by intending purchasers.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATH AGENT, AUCTIONSHB, a VALUER Office and Salerooms : No, 1, BANK-STRKST WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, Na. 66. CASH ADVANCED ON_GOODSI DEPOSITED FOR SALE.

New ad Second-band Forniis;;;—;;;ci -oTtle-e—Fioode constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Varnitme. to.. warehouse,

GARNETTS' FURNITURE

ISPEXPSNEIIVE.

UP-TO-DATE.

GARNETTS' FURNITURE

INExPENSIVE.

UP-TO-DATE• ,

AGENTS FOR THE GUNN

SECTIONAL BOCKCASE

GARNETTS' F URNITURE INEXPENSIVE. VP-IS-DATE.

THE EXAMINER.

- gr tii Nvl 6

or OT

uF in Fi Wi be th pr Wi Gc to be nn ap kn on fin

lat St

of \ etre idel and thai

Con, evel eSse Ohr cree typ, 13ep due Deo] pli 1 tim

In h the Ile We Witi

„ ernpi !talc In , linsu vhet alien • that We in th Eibip as ,

ti that , 'Net 11111i1 ?'ear ‘IVOI Nab hjr aerio, ...I I o

i

110t11 I 'Oll,ll dj he 1188Arl than aPply ofati tion entry to tii4 that I It Iv, ttogr

/

„ 10-

tOnt be It Iu 1)01 tf I %11 fro' Poi th le

===== 0002601_19060630_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
JUNE 30th 1906.

The Government has at THE length had an opportunity GOVERNMENT of testing its strength as MAJORITY, against all other parties in the House of Commons. On Tuesday, Tory Free Traders and Whole Hoggers, almost the whole force of the Opposition, went into the same division lobby with seventy Irish members, nineteen followers of Mr. KIER Etannxx, several Liberals who are in favour of the secular solution of the education question, and other gentlemen sitting on the 841110 benches who wish to make Clause W. mandatory. The result clan be surveyed with a great deal of equanimity. The Ministerial majority was 103. As Mer- cutio said of his wound. "It is not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church door—but 'twill serve." What is proved beyond all question is that .the Goverment solution of the religious diffi- culty is the one that commends itself to the great bulk of Liberal members, and therefore, as matters now stand, to the mind of the country. It would have suited us, and we believe it would have suited most of the supporters of the Government, if the Education Bill, which is a document of consider- able length and complexity, could have been confined to its first clause, which says in a manner beautifully direct and simple, "On and after January Ist, 1908, a school shall not be recognised as a public elementary school unless it is a school provided by the local education authority." That would really have been enough. The Bill in that form would have excluded the religious difficulty altogether. It would have taken no note of tests for teachers. There would have been no question of manage- ment by clergymen and their friends. The local authorities would have stepped in, unhampered by 4 any of those doctrinal differences and those clerical ambitions which have for three generations or mole made the education question a battle-ground . for warring sects, and have as one dismal conse- , quence placed us among the backward nations of,, the world in regard to the education of the young: But just becluse this warfare on the subject a education exists, and just because our differences_ lon the subject are so deep as to be almost vital,

AM

I

1 1 0 I I I 0 J 6 b

TS; St. , •

414, lree

lary

I

wing lON wing corn- oak, ivet. aides n art nitre* rs of ball ttnd kc. i, oil .ore. stair and rarys rood. fere,- scis ; edS ; Jag' feet, Dims Wee , and

Aeople

.7 tdge late

---

s at unity th as ies in s. On ;gars, went , Irish n DIE, Dell 1 ar other wish t can

ha ye I says

imple, school natary 3 local have d have 3r. It 'chars. anage- e local wed by 21erical ons or groUnd anise' ons of youngject of wences

I

It vital

it is a practicable and not an ideal settlement that has to be looked for. Years hence—not a • great number, perhaps—the historian of our own times, looking back towards this day, will wonder why we could not perceive that the secular solu- tion was not only the best attainable, but the only one that could be really final, and also the one that would in the long run be insisted upon' by the country. But we are not t yet in the position of the future Stubbs, or Froude, or Freeman. Parliament will have nothing to do with ideal solutions, and for the reasui that it believes ideal solutions are not now required by the country. We are still in the stage of com- promise. We are far from being out of the wilderness of denominational conflict. The ' Government, feeling this, has, been content to make progress along the line of least resistance, being at the sarn,) time convinced that this is, under existinc.l conditions, the nearest possible approach to the line of equal justice. It now knows exactly where it stands in regard to the House of Commons as a whole. It touched bottom on Tuesday in the matter of its majority, and it finds itself, on the most critical portion of the Bill supported by a preponderance ot 103 members.

The first conterence " for THE CULT or THE the cult of the bsautifu i l n BEAUTIFUL, industrial centres" Was held in the 31Ianche5ter Town Ilan on Walnesday,when some fluttering remarks ;Tre made in allusion to the Rev. Morley 'evenson who is the practical founder of the Scheme It is really a kind of nationalisation of 8031etie8 like the " Beautiful Warrington" Society and others with not dissimilar aims. The dis- cussion followed interesting and profitable lines, and it was obvious that the organisation has a promising future before it. , A good deal was MA in regard to the smoke nuisance, which it was generally admitted, had a lot to do with retarding the work vf beautification in all large towns. Dr Markel read a paper on the subject in which he said that the nuisance was due entirely to a wasteful and unscientific consumption of fuel. He declared that, as regarded factory smoke, there was a cure for smoky chimneys. Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons were saving £25,000 per annum by the improvements introduced during the last °few years in the consumption of fuel—" and we have no smoke," he added. Alderman Bennett has long been laughed at in the Warrington Town 'Council for his perennial protests ,agaiost the smoke nuisance, but his dream of a smokeless manufacturing town is nearer realization than the Scoffers ever thought possible. Moreover, he has a powerful co adjutor in Dr. Markel—a man who • claims to have solved the problem. We hope both gentlemen will continue pegging away until they have destroyed (as well as the smoke) the fallacy that smoky chimneys and industrial pros- perity must necessarily go hand in hand.

We are sure that the regret will be mutual at the severance between the Rev. H. Dunnico and the people 'of Warrington- The i young pastor of Golborne- street Baptist Church has been more closely , identified with the life and welfare of the town ; and its inhabitants during his four years ministry . than is at all usual. He has ministered to a congregation much larger than his own Church or even Parr Hall could accommodate, for he has essentially preached the simple gospel of Jesus 'Christ direct to the people. The narrowness of creed or dogma did not bind him to one stereo- typed form of Christian service, and as Alderman kdennett said on Sunday evening, his success was lue " to the way in which he had striven to lead the Dple of this town back to the fundamental prin- ?les of Christianity." Mr. Dunnizo has proved .imself a forceful man as well as a persuasive preacher. He commenced—and we say it in all aindliness—by making enemies, but he has finished with an army of friends at his back. There were in Mr. Dunnioo'a earlier methods, indications of the combative rather than Re still remains' and alvvaYs the Christlike spirit. we make bold to saywll be a fighter, but thati ' vl fig ht with fi ht with more polished weapon he he result of hi t s stay in Warrington. He has learnt, as well as taught, 50M3 valuable lessons, and not:only does he leave Warrington better than be found it, but he takes with him a ripened experience and a broadened sympathy. We, as well as Warrington, wish him well in the new and larger sphere of work which. lies before him at Liverpool. Opportunities make the man, but in Mr. Dunnico's case we are convinced that, with health and strength, he is a man who, will make the opportunities and turn them to the highest and best advantage.

We are not surprised to THE SAVAGE receive a letter of rernons- SUFFRAGETTES. trance against the leaderette we published last week the above heading. It was our intention to 'Peak strongly on the matter, and in doing so we "eyed the anger of those who, like our corres- ident, apparently cannot see that a good cause ling spoiled by bad advocacy. In common with •- great majority of newspapers in the country We are anxious to ditoonrage the kind of methods eoThloyed by the suffragettes. They not only ?flake a nuisance of themselves but they behave Vi 10 a manner which proclaims their own t.nsuitability for the votes they seek. Where is the likelihood of obtaining so valuable a concession t when its most prominent advocates persistently alienate the sympathy not only of the powers . that be, but of the general public in addition ? We are as anxious to see the woman with a stake In the country, and the responsibilities of citizen- on her shoulders, entrusted with the franchise as either our correspondent or the "savage shrieking suffragette." But we deplore and condemn the u.nwolmanliness of those who distnrb public Meetings and make themselves obnoxious to men engrossed with the cares of statecraft. Mr. Osborne says glibly that " we must know that a lady of Miss Billington's reputation does not create disturb; ances out of any desire for pleasure or amusement: It may be ignorance on our part but we do not low anything of the kind. Previously we had :it suspected that Miss Billington and many her co-agitators possessed any reputation at 11 except the somewhat notorious one resultant' .Corn disturbing rmhlic meetings and fighting the Police. It is one of the most regrettable aspects 01 the extravagant " votes for women " crusade pat those who will he in the forefront are the least entitled to lead and voice the views of the t3.X. What authority have Miss Kenney and Miss Illington--two totally unknown persons only a ?:ear ago—to speak in the great name of woman ?'' They are disowned by nearly all the : stablished and respected wom9n'B political and 1°683 fie ordani7ations and we regret that it should • 7 In their power by pure personal foolishness to so. Btiouslv defilade the cause which all thinking "lnen have at heart.

The French are always M. CLEMENCEAII stimulating. They are full ON Of bright ideas, and they so POLITICAL IMAM present them that it is out of the question that they a,hould be ignored. maplemencean had a sugges- gve thesis when he ma ere his notable speech in the VI, ember on individualism as againt Socialism. ae whole value of Socialism is, of course, in its tdividual development; and when M, Clemenceau tiBArted that its principal benefit to humanity lay tais'weYs in its aspiration and strife after ideals,rather "an in their attainment,he stated a profound truth nich, in a greater or less degree, may be said to 4P19 to all political reform. The public discussion e a Measure is often a greater public benefit than its 011,1t17 on the statute book. The one is individually tnnneative ; the other may represent a social amelia- t'o, hut the advantages of that are seldom equal the promises. When M. Clemencean affirmed it at the ultimate aim of Socialism did not matter, o*.es the movement towards the goal which was tst'lnnportant, he deftly claimed that as the game of the Libexal party and of

411

tit tb, atu. St llnder bra \ bei the • bol of • froi Poi Of th Ic • tex. Year 4 thi

1

===== 0002601_19060630_art0173.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
OndE tPeh orav

===== 0002601_19060630_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV. H. DUNNICO.

the Government. Theoretically this is as convincing as can be ; whether the Socialists can be convinced, however, is another matter. For all their theorising, the French are individual- istic. The thrift of the people proves it. If this may be said besides to argue tenacity of property, M. Clernenceau is probably as happily inspired in rebuking the Socialists as he was in all those attacks which he levelled at successive administra- tions in the militant days when he won the title of" breaker of ministries." M. Clemenceau is himself an advertisement of individualism. It is, moreover,in the nature of France's allies to applaud when a good word is said in this cause.

The cry against motor-cars DUST grows. On Sunday when DISTURBERS. there is a truce to the battle of life, and Hodge sits in his garden in his best clothes indulging in an afternoon siesta, the modern petrol engine, grunting and snorting, and leaving a nauseous stink behind it, fusses rapidly past his door and, whether he likes it or not, covers him and his little plot of ground more thickly with white powder than is the busiest bee who eaters the calyx of a flower covered with pollen. But, unlike the pollen the pulverised roadway serves no useful purpose. It is all very well for a motorist to reply that the new pastime of covering one's fellow-creatures with dust is enjoyable, and that the quicker the drive the more exhilarating becomes the new sport, but even the Dusty Miller, who was abnormally good-tempered, would have had all his mirth choked out of him had he lived in the present day, when a fate champetre is turned into a perpetual bal poudre. In truth " the dustman has arrived," but he does not bring that dust to which Dean Swift referred when he ' took for the text of a charity sermon, " He who giveth to the poor lendeth to the Lord." "Now, then, brethren," said he, "if you like the security, down with your dust." Of course he meant gold- dust. Neither are the road disturbers of to-day in any way related to the fairies whom certain Irish peasants regard as the cause of dust being raised on a journey,when they raise their can beens and exclaim, "God speed you, gentlemen !" Rather are the road-snorters, in the eyes of wayside victims, regarded, Arabian fashion, as evil jinns.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND, NOTIONS.

BEEF TRUST MOTTO.

Motto for the public suggested by the Beef Trust : " To the pure all things are pure."—'• Punch." * * * Will Mr. Asquith resign ? The local branch of the I.L.P. demands the resignation from the cabinet of Mr. Asquith as a secptel to the prosecution of Miss rflillington * * *

A big chance is given to the Walton la)-bye as a result of the disaster on the Ship Canal at Irlam. Cannot some of the incoming vessels be persuaded to unload at Walton and transfer their goods to the rail- way at Warrington ? * * * In the division in Parliament on Tuesday on the amendment to make Clause 4 of the Education Bill mandatory, Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., voted w*h about 26 other Liberal members, against the Goverii ment. The Government majority fell to 103.

* * * What must the dust nuisance have been like in the great motor race just concluded in France? The winner (Sisz) completed 750 miles in 12 hours 14 mins. 7 secs., or an average/ pace of 61 miles an hour. This is about the " slickest " annihilation of space the world has so far known. * * *

So far as the Education Committee is concerned the question of teaching the elementary children to swim is settled, and.there is no difficulty anticipated with the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee now that the idea of obtaining the services of the Baths Super- intendent has been abandoned. A special swimming instructor is to be appointed and the adaptable youngsters should soon profit by his advice. There is nothing much easier to learn than swimming and I nothing more difficult to forget. In fact, once a I swimmer always a swimmer may be taken as liter. ally accurate. * *

We should imagine that a nice quqtion of liability is involved in the accident on the Arley weighing machine on Wednesday. A heavy traction engine crashed through the surface-plate of the machine into the pit below,wrecking the machine and bursting an 8 inch water main from Appleton. The engine also sustained some damage and required the best part of the day to be pat on terra firma once more. As the engine was travelling along the highway, and the weighing machine is also in the highway, it looks as if the Corporation would be liable, but one never knows. The only certainty is that a lot of damage was done, for which somebody will hap to pay.

A monster picnic and demonstration of Warrington Liberals will take place at Southport on Saturday, July 14th. Members of the Warrington Liberal Association, the Women's Liberal Association, the Junior Liberal Association,and the Progessive Labour League will be able to get reduced tickets for rail, admission to the Winter Gardens, and tea while friends wishing to accompany the party can obtain tickets for 35. 6d. each on application to Mr. J. Howes jun., at the Liberal Club. There are about 2,000 members of these four Associations so that the dimensions of the picnic are likely to be extraordinary. The Member for the Borough will, of course be present. * * * A very curious case under Mr. Balfour's Act has arisen at Prestatyn, in Wales. Forty-eight years ago Sir Pyers and Lady Mostyn built schools at a cost 'of £5,000, and these schools they now withdraw from all public control. They are paying the whole cost of maintenance, and the arrangement is that a Welsh- speaking master, whose creed will not be inquired into, is to take the upper school, where he will teach the ordinary provided syllabus. In the lower school sisters will teach tlse children according to their own dogmas. The MostT n family are Roman Catholic, and iks the local authority h s decided that new schools must be built Here iS a ca. ewhere one-fifth of the children only belong to the denomination in question. The ratepayers are naturally somewhat averse to finding , additional money for new schools. ,* * * Mr. Lloyd George M.P., has addressed a letter to a correspondent, in which he says :—" My attention ' has been called to a statement reported to have been made at Marylebone Police Court by a Mrs, Pankhurst to the effect that 1 in a speech deliveredtartieocr of ymirn Liverpool incited the unpardonable moles - • lAsquith. These are the actual words attributed to me :—..‘ Why don't you women leave your friends alone, and go for your enemies in the Cabinet, and the greatest enemy of all, Mr. Asquith.' This statement I can characterise as an absolute fabrica- tion. lam at a loss to suppose how any one can imagine that to supplement undignified, silly, and malevolent falsehoods will tend to the advancement of a cause with which, in spite of such discouragement as this, I still remain in sympathy." * * * The Free Church open-air service on Sunday evening was such a success that it obviously filled a long-felt want. The majority of poor people do not go to Church or Chapel, and there re miss the humanising influence of Christian tea jug. If they )I will not go to the Church it is for the hurch to go to them, and the Free Church Council is to be congratu- lated on having led the way to the heart of the" man in the street." The Rev. J. F. Matthews believes that this important individual 'is " a distinctly religious personality?' If so, he has carefully disguised the fact, but we believe be will not be insensible to the intention of these services as explained by the same earnest preacher, who said : "All they tried to do would be based on the assumption that the passer-by was their brother man with similar religious instincts, to whom they could appeal as a reasonable creature, and who ought to be prepared to yield to thewer- suasive efforts brought to bear upon his heart and conscience whereby he might be enabled to live a better life and to realize his true manhood."

41111111 i%

===== 0002601_19060630_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 30, 1906.

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

LORD SALISBURY TO VISIT GARSTON.

Colonel W. Hall Walker, M.P., at a meeting of the Widnes Division Conservative Association, held in Garston,on Nf onday evening, intimated that the Marquis of Salisbury, who was re-elected president of the association, has promised to pay a visit to Garston in about three weeks' time. ROBED IN A SACK.

Thomas Green, of Bedford Leigb, was at Runcorn on Saturday sentenced to three months as a rogue and a vagabond. On Wednesday Green was arrested for drunkenness, but he deceived the parish doctor and the relieving officer into believing he was a lunatic, and was sent to the workhouse. On Friday he took his discharge, and vas afterwards caught begging, and when taken to the police cell he set fire to his clothing, and had to be robed in a sack to appear in court. ALLEGED STABBINC AFFRAY.

At the Widnes Petty Sessions last Thursday, Peter Andrews of Wellington-street, and John Statetis, of Cromwell-street, were charged with having stabbed John Miller, on the preceding Saturday night. All the parties were Poles, complainant being the only one acquainted with English.—Complainant stated that he went to 16, Wellington-street, where he found the defendants, a man named Darentes, and another man, playing cards. At their suggestion he sent out for six gills of beer, which they drank. Later, Darentes and the unknown man went out. Statetis then asked witness to have a game for sixpence. Upon witness putting sixpelice on the table, Statetis insisted upon a shilling and witness added another sixpence. Statetis then declined to play and, upon witness picking up the coins, claimed them as his own. He struck witness, and Andrews then struck him near the eye with a knife, while Statetis held him by his muffler. He had had to have the wound stitched.— Andrews denied that he was present, asserting that he did not return from Liverpool until eleven o'clock, whereas the occurrence was said to have taken place at 10.15.—Statetis said complainant took a shilling which belonged to him. He prevented him from leaving the house, but did not hit him in the eye, though he struck him once across the head with his hand.—The Bench adjourned the hearing in order that inquiries might be made.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0177.txt | included=true | included =====
OPENING OF A NEW ORGAN.

At the Milton Congregational Church, Widnes last Thursday afternoon their new organ, towards which Mr. Andrew Carnegie of Library fame has contributed £2OO, was inaugurated.—A service was conducted by the Revs. J. Pedlar, (pastor), J. Yonge (Warrington), and Mr. R. H. Sewell, 8.A., (Liverpool), in the course of which the organ was unlocked by Mrs. Hodgkinson. " in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Subsequently the Doxology and Te Deum were rendered to the accompaniment of the new instrument.—The pastor gave a brief resume of the history of the project consummated that day, remarking that that was an occasion which many of them had not expected to live to see. in addition to the £2OO offered by Mr. Carnegie it had been necessary for them to raise £3OO. He had reckoned that £2OO of that could be secured amongst themselves, and that outside friends might be relied upon to furnish the other £lOO. This had proved to be correct. Many of these outside contributors had pre- ferred to remain anonymous, but he might mention Mr. Sutton Timmis, who was always so loyal and devoted in the interests of all local work which was of a philanthropic kind, had sent N £2O, whilst Mr. NV. H. Lever, who did not often go outside the Wirrall district, had given £23. The Rev. J. Yonge heartily congratulated the congreon- tion on having accomplished the desire which had so long been in its heart. For a very considerable time he said, their aspirations had been somewhat vaguely postponed, but now, at last they were realised, and he congratulated them upon what appeared to bean exceed- ingly fine instrument, so far as he was able to judge of its compass and merits. He hoped and expected that they would find, as the days went on, that it was a very considerable addition to the enjoyment of their worship at Simm's Cross, and he hoped that whatever liability remained would speedily be cleared off. He hoped, and believed that what had taken place in recent years was but an earnest of what was to come. He congratulated them very heartily upon having placed the choir in front of, instead of behind the minister.—The Rev. R. H. Sewell expressed his very warm personal congratula- tions to Mr. Pedlar and to the congregation upon the happy celebration of that day. At a later stage in the service the Rev, gentleman delivered an eloquent sermon.—Tea was subsequently served in the adjoining schools.—ln the evening a recital was given on the new organ by Mr. T. Rimmer (organist of Myrtle Street Chapel, Liverpool, etc.), the items being interspersed with solos.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN wBOARD OF GUARDIANS.

Increase in Vagrancy.

-fiatakiiL AO'

Yr. t

wwmam

The fortnightly Meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there were present Mr. A. R. Norman (presiding), Admiral Jones Parry, Messrs. W. M. Morris, P. Collins, T. Woods, J. Douglas, T. Wright, G. Egerton Warburton, J. Spruce, C. Roylance, J. Hallows, J. Whitley, H. Eyes J. H. Davies. C. E. Linaker, T. Guest, J.B. Chadwick, W. Harrison, J. Pilling, S. Woodward, J. Ratter, G. F. Ashton. (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), T. Cook, W. dePrez, and J. Pearson (relieving officers) and J. Cunnah (Workhouse master). THE CONTROL OF EDUCATION EXPENSE. The NantWich Board of Guardians submitted the following resolution for the approval and adoptiost of the Board :—" That in the opinion of this Board it is desirable that the Education Bill now before Parlia- ment should provide for a popularly elected body as the local Education Authority, and thus secure to the ratepayers more complete control of the spending of the public funds than is possible under the present co-optive system. 'Mr. Morris : I think this is really a matter for the Parliamentary Committee. (Laughter). The Chairman : The Committee still exists, and the Clerk is only waiting for an opportunity to call it together. Mr. C. E. Linaker said he thought every member of the Board would ba in thorough sympathy with the resolution. The resolution pointed in the direction of fresh legislation whereas a month ago the District Council passed a resolution supporting Clause 26 of the present Bill which went a long way towards giving all that the resolution from the Nantwich Board's resolu- tion desired, except that the last named resolution pointed towards a popularly elected body to administer the Act instead of the powers being delegated to District Council. In face of the previous action of the District Council he did not know whether it would be consistent to support the resolution. If it was not inconsistent he was strongly in favour of the resolution being sup- ported as everything they could do to get the control into their own hands was a step in the right direction. Mr. Spruce moved the supporting of the resolution. 7. ' The Chairmansaid he personally felt very strongly that MISSING ST. HELENS MAN. ad boo authorities should be popularly elected to deal! The body of a man named Michael Burns, an engine- with the big question of education, and that it was a winder, aged about fifty years, was dis3overed in the pity to place the work upon authorities which already St. Helens canal on Saturday morning by a bottle- had as much work to do as they could manage. maker named Edward Houghton, who was returning Mr. Linaker seconded and the motion was unani- home from work. Burns lived at 15, Parr-street, and mously approved. i friends who have identified the body say that he had QUESTION OF AGRICULTURAL RATES. been missing since Sunday evening week. The remains The Thome Union asked the Board to pass a resolu- tion that the payments made under the Agricultural were taken to the mortuary. Rates Act to spending authorities should be based not ST. HELENS PESTS. as at present on the rates collected by spending authori- Robert Sling, a St. Helens man, who had been con- ties in one year, viz. 1895, but on the average of the victed a large- number of times of sleeping out in rates collected by the spending authorities during the Gerard's Bridge Chemical Works, was sent to gaol for three preceding years to that in which the payments a month on Monday on a similar charge. It was stated are made under the Act, on the ground that the rates that these vagrants stole the food that the men brought. collected have grown since 1895 by reason of the Educa- Harry Bickerstaffe, a Leigh man, who was found with tion Act, and also by the increased cost of the high- Sling, was sentenced to fourteen days.—James Buckley, ways consequent on the Locomotive Acts and other of 65, Water-street, who was stated to sleep habitually causes which together had increased the rates to such among the furnaces at Bibby's Copper Works, where a an extent that the sums now received did not nearly man had been found burnt to death some time ago, amount to half the rates on agricultural land professed was also sentenced to fourteen days. to be paid. I SYSTESIATIC THIEVING AT ST. HELENS. The Clerk explained that the proposal meant a differ- ence to the Runcorn Union of £3OO. They received Martha Taylor, of Short-street, was at St. Helens £4OO, whereas to be equitable they should receive £7OO. on Saturday, convicted of obtaining charitable contri- It was decided to support the resolution. butions by false pretencesaaThe evidence was that on Jane Ist the woman went to a house in Gladstone- THE COST OF OUT-RELIEF. street, and obtained a shirt from a Mrs. Dolan, to relief of £7O to Mr. Cook, £3O to Mr. de Prey, and V 5 The Finance Committee reported the payment in out- 1.1 a pitiable story about her husband being 'to Mr. Pearson. - in the hospital. She was crying, and had two children with her.—Detective Curren said he apprehended the PAINTING OF THE WORKHOUSE. whom she to p, y g woman on the inst., at a house where she was It was decided to accept the tender of Mr, Frank Rathbone, Stockton Heath, of .238 103. for the painting living. 1 She replied, "I have nothing to say." He of the Workhouse Infirmary. found that the fraud had been most systematic, and he I had recovered thirty-seven shirts, and from the number INCREASE IN VAGRANCY. Mr. Spruce said he would like to call the attention of of pawntickets that had been sold he believed that there were other twenty shirts which were not ants accounted for.—The magistrates !sent the woman to the Board to the increase in the number of vagrants which was becoming a very serious matter to thb staff. , p It was only with difficulty that they could be kept prison for three months with hard labour. %'li under control. He would like to know whether it was COWARDLY ST. HELENS SONS. possible for them to get assistance from the police. f Christopher and Patrick Flynn, two young men, of Mr. Morris pointed out that the question was already 2, Doulton-street, were charged at St. Helens on Mon- before the Local Government Board and that there day with unlawfully wounding their father, Daniel would be some legislation on it. Flynn. The Chief Constable said the father's story Mr. Woodward : Legislation perhaps in eighteen was that at half-past six on Sunday evening he was in months or two years. I would like to know whether the kitchen sitting with his wife when Christopher the master requires a temporary assistant, came in and asked his mother for a shilling. She said Mr. Cunnah : If the police'would co-operate I would she would not give it to him, and. told him he was be pleased. drunk. Eventually she gave him the shilling, when he Mr. Woodward said the question was not one which went up to his father, showed him the shilling, And could wait and bethought the Mister should have the said," Do yon see that ?" Christopher then took up a power to call in assistance at any time to deal with chair and smashed it on the floor,afterwards completing what is a very undesirable class of people. the smashing of it by belabouring his father on the head Mr. Spruce : Mr. Cunnah says it is hardly safe to go with it, He then picked up the poker and struck his about at times, and that he and Mrs. Cunnah are subject father on the head. Patrick then rushed in and felled to insults from the vagrants. him to the ground, and both the sons then kicked him. It was decided to write to the Chief Constable of the They dragged him out iota the street, and continued to county to ask that the local police constable should kick him.—Having heard evidence the magistrates • occasionally visit the house, reduced the charge of common' assault, and fined Mr. Woods : lam surprised that all the vagrants Christopher £2 and 16s. costs, or one month, and have not migrated to Poplar., Patrick £1 and IGs, costs, or one month.

Mr. eddon, M.P., gave evidence before the Joint Committee on Sunday Trading, on behalf of the Shop Assistants' Union on Thursday last week. He stated that the view of the shop assistants was that no employe ought to be compelled to work on Sundays against his will, and that no penalty should be imposed if he declined on conscientious grounds to work on a Sunday. If an employer did penalise such a man he ought himself to be subject to a penalty under any Sunday Closing Mt. The association he represented did not ask for compulsory closing on Sundays subject to the condition he had mentioned. They did, however, attach great importance to one day's rest in seven. THE VIADUCT INSTITUTE.

At a special meeting of the members of the above Institute held in the Reading Room, the chief business was to receive the accounts, and to consider the advisa- bility of making up the accounts in the autumn instead of the summer. Mr. C. IV. Emmett presided, in the absence of the President (Mr. H. D. Earl, J.P.), who had been called to London on business. There were also upon the platform Messrs. T. Ormand, J. P.(Secre- tary). W. G. Smalley, J. Ilarcroft, IV. H. Bailey, W. Davies, G. Bunting, W. H. Teece, J. Anderton (Com- mittee), and T. S. Liversage (assistant secretary).—The account having been adopted Mr.l3ailey moved that the accounts in future be made up to the 31st of October in each year instead of June as heretofore.—Mr. Bar- croft seconded, and it was carried unaniatously.—On the motion of Mr. Ormand, seconded by Mr. Smalley,a vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Emmett for presiding.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. --- A Complaint from Stockton Heath.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural Council was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there were present: Mr. G. Pilling (presiding), Admiral Jones Parry, Messrs. J. gDouglas, T. Woods, T. Wright, G. Egerton- Warburton, J. Spruce, C. Rovlance, J. Hallows, J. Whitley, H. Eyes. J. H. Davies, C. E. Linaker, T. Guest, J. B. Chadwick, W. Harrison, S. Woodward, J. Rutter, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), J. Swinton and W. Diggle (surveyors), J. Farrington (inspector), :and Dr. Adams (medical officer.)

WATER MATTERS AT FRODSHAM. A scheme, for the suppling of the John Fowler Homes at Frodsham with water, was approved. It was pointed out that a profit of about £3O a year would be made by the scheme. _

MR. CHAPPEL AND THE DISTRICT COUNCIL. Mr. Steel sppeared before the Council on behalf of Mr. Chappel to show cause why a house which is in course of erection in Pike-street should not be pulled down, the plans not being in accordance with the bye- laws, a 10ft, instead of a 20ft. passage being shown. Mr. Steel submitted that according to the bye-laws a 10ft. passage was all that was required and also that a 10ft. passage was sufficient and reasonable. Mr. Steel asked the Council to consider the matter broadly and allow the erection of the house to proceed. Unfortunately he feared,there was some bad blood between Mr.Chappel and certain members of the Stockton Eleath Parochial Committee. Messrs. Linaker, J. W. Davies and A.G.Guest,with the chairman and vice-chairman were appointed a special committee to visit the site and report to the Council.

BLOWING OF MEAT. Mr. Reginald Potts, clerk to the Cheshire County Council forwarded a report of the county medical officer of health on the practice of " blowing " meat for human food and added that he hhd forwarded a copy to the Local Government Board with a recommenda- tion that the practice should be made illegal and subject to penalties. THE SMALL PDX HOSPITAL. At their meeting the Isolation Hospitals Committee considered an application from the Runcorn Urban Council for permission to use the District Council's smallpox hospital at Moore. The committee recom- mended that the application be favourably considered provided an agreement could be arrived at with regard to the maintenance and administrative charges at the hospital. The report was approved, and a committee was appointed to draw up an agreement and arrange terms between the two authorities. _ •

A COMPLAINT FROM STOCKTON HEATH. Mr. Hall ows said he had a matter to bring forward in the interests of Stockton Heath. Six weeks ago , a child living in Roman-road was suffering from fever. The people had been expecting Dr. Adams to call and he had not done so. The child was now better but the house bad not been disinfected. If a man who was getting Li a week neglected his duty he would be sacked and it was highly important that men who were receiving higher salaries should do their work. Dr. Adams said he had never received the notificetion of the case. That was the second attack Mr. Hallows had made upon him and he would make enquiries and reply at the next meeting of the Council.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

THE VICXR'S ILLNESS.

For some time the Vicar of Earlestown (Rev. T. R. Matthews) has been in a delicate state of health and he has had to consult a specialist in throat troubles at Manchester. It appears that the vocal chords are much relaxed, Mr. Matthews' usually powerful voice being almost gone. It is not likely that he will be able to take duty for some months.

The SOO day excursionists from Manchester and district who paraded Paris last Saturday —the hottest day of the season 'so far—in their huge char-a-bancs were greeted with the most benevolent good-humour by the Parisians (writes a Paris correspondent of the " Manchester Guardian.") The Lancashire burr filled the air around the Gare _Nord as they hurried up in detachments, hot, shiny, and perspiring. Though the return train was due out at 11.45 only, an hour beforehand corners had been occupied, and men with jackets off and shirt sleeves rolled up were instantly seized with an overpowering desire for sleep, only to be rudely awakened by endless streams of new-comers. Of their impressions at the end of the day most were too tired to do more than express their enthusiasm at the beauties of Paris and how they had enjoyed them- selves. Others had noted that the soldiers were not smartly dressed, that policemen returning home put a cigarette between their lips and meandered along with hands in their pockets. The luncheon c.f seven courses with wine included had been a revelation. The short- ness of the stay was a universal regret, followed by emphatic declarations of the intention to return for a longer period.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
LABOUR PARTY'S AGENT.

With a view to taking an active part in the forth- coming revision of the voting lists the Labour Party in the Newton Division have appointed Mr. R.Critchley, of Wargrave-road, Earlestown, as registration agent, to look after their interests. His headquarters will be at the Club rooms, Queen-street. Earlestown. MR. SEDDON, M.P., AND THE EDUCATION BILL.

Mr. Seddon, M.P., has sent a letter in reply to the Earlestown and Newton Free Church Council's resolu- tion disapproving of his vote against the second reading of the Education Bill, and the Council has resolved to send the following to Mr. Seddon :—" That this Coun- cil, having received the reply of Mr. Seddon, beg to say it does not remove their dissatisfaction at his vote against the second reading of the Education Bill. It is of the opinion that on the main principles of the Bill, viz, representation with taxation, and abolition of tests for teachers, he might have voted for the second read- ing and held himself open to amend the Bill in Com- mittee."

CO-OPERATOR HONOURED. Mr. David FOrrester, who lately retired after being President of the Earlestown Co-operative Society for ten consecutive years, has been presented with an illuminated address and a purse of twenty sovereigns in token of the respect and esteem of the members. MR. J. A. SEDDON, M.P.' AND SUNDAY TRADING.

The Warrington "Examiner" is now published on i , Friday afternoon, price one penny, and s on sale at the various newsagents at about 4 o'cloek. Should inny difficulty be experienced in getting the paper the proprietors will undertake to deliver a copy at any address in Warrington by 5 o'clock on Friday after- noon without extra charge. Address all communica, tions to" Examiner Office," Bewsey-street Warrington Licensing Changes. At the Borough Police Court on Monday, John Chrimes applied for temporary authority to sell at 16 and 18, Greenall-street, in lieu of Mary Ann Eliza Payton. The application was granted.

Tender for a Crewe School. The Crewe Education Committee have acc.,eptlid the tender of Mr. C. W. Davenport, of Warrington, for the erection of a large '-iigher elementary school off Earle-street. The tider is for -5A7,410. There were twenty-one tende s, the highest being .521,325 J., R. WOOD, Piano Dealer and Tuner, 47, Old London-road., Stockton Heath.—Advt. Personal. Mr. E. R. Pickmere, town clerk of Liverpool, and a son of Mrs. Pickmere, has been made a magistrate for the county of Montgomeryshire. In the Excise Branch of the Inland Revenue Depart- ment Mr. J. W. McAvoy, second class officer, War- rington has been promoted to first class officer Sunderland, and Mr. E. J. Byerley, second class officer, Llangollen, has been transferred to Warrington.

Warrington Photographers' Success. The Warrington Photographic Society is to be con- gratulated upon nturitbering amongst its members some whose work is considered by competent judges worthy of being exhibited as good examples of the art. A board uf judges of the Royal Photographic Society has selected two slides " The Brook " by Mr. F. V. L. Mathias and " Silver Birches " byMr. Henry Bond, to be included in a set of slides designed to be of an educational value and to be circulated amongst photographic societies throughout the United Kingdom and the Colonies.

LAWN TENNIS,, CROQUET, and other ontdoor sports.—J. S. GAVGLAND, 5118r1dge-st.—Advt. Music Licences Granted.

At the Borough Police Court, on Monday:, applica- tions—were made by Thomas Walsh, Crown aud Sceptre, Buttertnarket-street ; Robert Perdue, Higher Angel, Buttermarket-street : Thomas Cooper, Blue I Bell, Horsemarket-street ; John McClinton, Rlyal I Oak, Bridge-street ; Richard Sanson, Queen's Hotel, Sankey-street ; Mary Ann Lang, Rose and Crown, Bridge-street; and Thomas Brown Potter, King's Arms, Buttermarket-street for music licences for the next fourteen days to cover the holidays. Mr. Walsh made the applications.—Mr. H. 'Thornton said he strongly objected to these licences.. They were very objectionable during the holiday time.—The tions were granted. PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Bakers' Smoker.

About 80 delegates were present at a smoker in connection with the Union of Bakers which was held at the Blue Bell Inn, Warrington, on Saturday evening when the proceedings were of an enjoyable Character. The prizes in connection with the bowling main held at Frodsham on the previous Saturday were presented to the successful competitors. Mr. Carr, of Leigh, presided, and Mr. Rathbone, district secretary, pie- seated the prizes as follows :-1, Mr. W. Millington ; 2, Mr. J. Bate ; 3, Mr. Rigby ; 4, Mr. J. Lewers. Other prize winners were : —Messrs. F. Barnes, Nixdorf, Redding, Miller, Nichols, Warburton, Broad- hurst, Cartwright and Grainger. The consolation prizes were presented as follows :-1, J. Weir ; 2, C. Heaton; 3, W. Lager; 4, J. Smith; 5, H. Hickin- bottom ; 0, J. Downes, and 7, J. Evans. Four prizes were held over for a future main. An excellent musical programme was gone 'through, songs being rendered by Messrs. P. W olfenden' Barnes, Howard and H. Hickinbottom (secretary). Mr. P. Wolfenden proved an efficient accompamst.—At the close, votes of thanks were passed to the master bakers for the prizes they had so kindly given and to the host and hostess for their catering.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0182.txt | included=true | included =====
Votes for Women. The Warrington branch of the Independent Labour Party has passed a resolution expressing indignation at the "vindictive sentence " in London on Miss Billington, and demanding the resignation from the Cabinet of Mr. Asquith.

PUBLIC BIBIEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRM—AdVt. Grammar School Scholarships. On the result of an examination held at the Grammar. School on Wednesday the following boys will be recommended to the governors of the Grammar School for election to free scholearships:—(l) William Maginn (Peoples College), 85, Bridge-street; Eric Jeffery (Wycliffe), 3,Thynne-street, and Leonard Walker Weaver (Peoples College),s,Springaeld-street, were bracketed equal for the second place. Marriage at Wycliffe Church. . .

A we—dding of- considerable local interest was solemnized at Wycliffe Church, Bewsey-street, this (Thursday) morning, the contracting parties being Mr. Arthur Pennington, 41, Allen-street, and Miss Clara Wells, daughter of Mr. Peter Wells, Winwick-ioad. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. John Yonge. The bridegroom, who is employed at the Firth Com- pany, has been presented by the office staff with a clock and biscuit barrel.

The Soldiers' Memorial. At a meeting of the Soldiers' Memorial Committee it was reported t at the statue had been sent to the ironfounders to He cast and would be delivered in Warrington in about three months. The Sculptor (11r. Alfred Drury, A.R.A..), has written to say that he regards it as one of his best works and intetids to exhibit the model in the Royal Academy next year. Instructions were given to the Borough Surveyor to prepare the foundation in Queen's gardens. Gallant Rescue at Latchford.

A gallant rescne-f rom drowning was effected at Latchford on Wednesday evening. About eight o'clock three children were walking along the canal bank when one of them, Elsie Barrow (8) fell into the water. A workman, whose name has not transpired, gallantly jumped into the water, but was unable to effect a rescue. Hearing the cries of distress, a man named Thomas Boardman ran to the spot, and plung- ing into the canal succeeded in bringing the child to the bank.

UNDER THE CLOCK for Good BOOTS. Advt.— The Prosecution of a Councillor. At the meeting of the Town Council next Tuesday evening Councillor Lord will move :—That this Council tenders its thanks to Mr. Louis Henshall for the great public service rendered by him in exposing the attempt by a late member of this Cmncil to use his position on the Council to ol?tain personal financial benefit,and further desires to place on record its appre- ciation of Mr Henshall's conduct in coining forward, notwithstanding the threat of legal proceedings, and striking a blow at all who disregard the honour and integrity of public life STILL LEADING, the "1-IEntLD" KITCHEN RANGES and " PEVERIL FIRE GRATES Sole Agent.—J. S. GA RL AND, 51 to 55, Bridge-st., Warrington.—Advt. Warrington Man's Bravery Rewarded. . The heroism displayed by John Stockton, a baker's carter in the employ of Messrs. Pierpoint and Co., Bridge-street, who last year rescued three men who had been overcome by poisonous fumes in a Warring- ton sewer, at imminent risk to his own life, has been fittingly awarded. On Monday the Mayoress pinned on his breast the Stanhlpe gold medal awarded by the Royal Humlane Societynr the bravest act performed in the year by any British subject. His bravery was warmly praised by the Mayor and Alderman Tinnion. Stockton had previously received the Royal Humane Society's silver medal, and the medal of the Liverpool Shipwreck and Humane Society.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0183.txt | included=true | included =====
LAWN MOWERS, Garden Tools, &o. Splendid selection.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-st.—Advt. Funtral of the Late Mr. John C. Sutton.

_ r The funeral of the late Mr. John C. Sutton, whose death occurred last week at his residence, Stockton ' Heath, took place on Monday at St. Thomas's Church, Stockton' Heath, amid universal signs of sympathy and respect. The chief mourners present were : Messrs. Walter, Leonard and Joan R. Sutton (sons), Harold Hallows, Leigh (son-in-law), James C. Sutton (brother), David S. Campbell, Liverpool (brother-in- law), Samuel Sutton (nephew), James Wood, Robert Sutton (Liverpool), and the Rev. F. Lake Good (cousins), and Messrs. Peter Gell (Castleton, Colborne (Manchester), and Isherwood (Sankey-st.). Amongst others also present were : Miss Annie F. Sutton, Messrs. T. Arthur Sutton, Ashton Hayes, C. Madeley, and others. The service was conducted by the Rev. H. A. Lester. The funeral arrangements were in the hands of Messrs. J. M. Greenhalgh and Company, of Warrington. It was the wish of the deceasea that it should be stated that all his life he , was in religion a Swedenborgian ; or a follower of the doctrines of Emanuel Swedenborg, although, failing a place of worship in which those particular tenets were promulgated in this district, he was an attend- ant at the services of the Church of England.

BABY CARRIAGES. Latest patterns.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Warrington P.S.A.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0184.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling Accident.

Henry Armitage, Mayfield-street, Bolton, met with an accident whilst cycling along Knutsford-road on Sunday. When near the end of Wash-lane, the head' of the bicycle broke off, and he was Ditched over the front of the machine and fell on his face, which wag cut in several places. He also had several teeth knocked out. Dr. Langdale was passing at the time, and Armitage was removed to the Infirmary in a cab, where he was attended by the House Surgeon and detained.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0185.txt | included=true | included =====
Exhibition .of Water-Colour Drawings.

An exhibition of a particularly interesting character has been arranged by Mr. Thomas Birtles and is at present being hqld at Legh House studio. It consists of a fine c filection of water colour drawings by Mr: Oswald Garside, one of our townsmen who has pined distinction in the world of art. The opportunity of seeing-so many of his later works is being highly appreciated, and during the week many ladies and gentlemen have visited the exhibiti n. Jr. Garside received his early training at the School of Art under Mr. C. B. Aylward and e soon showed himself to be possessed of high artistic talents. His success in the profession has been most gratifying to Warringtonians. Some of his pictures have been hung at the Royal Academy and Paris Salon whilst many have been selected fo, the leading provincial exhibitions. He has spent, a considerable time in Italy and Holland where he has found a wide range of subjects for reproduction with the pencil and the brash.—We shall deal at greater length with the pictures next week.

LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK. BRIDGE-STR.EET.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0186.txt | included=true | included =====
The Fatality at.the_ Vernon-street Tannery.

An inquest was held by Mr. Brighouse on Monday on the body of John Foster, aged IS, son of Mr. Joseph Forster, managing director of the Old Tanning Com- pany, Mersey-street.—Mr. Taylor represented the [ directors of the Company, and Mr. Pringle, H.M. [ Inspector Of Factories, was also present. It appears that on Thursday night, Forster went into the tanyard to shut off the steam, and to stir up the liquor in a pit with a pole. For the latter purpose he got on to a plank which went across 0.4 pit. The plank gave way, and he was precipitated into the liquor, which was at nearly boiling point. Forster managed to get out, and did not appear much the worse. He then went into the house, which is on the works premises, and had ttibath. He afterwards became ill, and was taken to the Infirmary, whete he died the following morning.—Mr. Pringle suggestel tint in order to obviaterfurther accidents of this kind, the ends of the planks should be made to fit into sockets. He also suggested that as this pit was practically at boiling [ point it should have a chain round. The chain could be easily removed when required. —Mr. F. G. Taylor said the recommendations would be carried out.— Nurse Crowther, of the Infirmary, stated that deceased died at 5.15 on Friday morning from shock.—A verdict of "Accidental death " was returned, and the jury recommended that the suggestions made by the Inspector should be adopted. They also wished to express their deep sympathy with Mr. Forster and family-.-11r. Taylor said he was also instructed to I express the sympathy of the directors of the Tanning ' Company with Mr. Forster and family. Naturally the directors would have a feeling of sympathy for anyone in their employ, but they felt this more so as they had seen this yoang insn grow up, and bec.use this was the second son Mr. Forster had lost in seven months.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0187.txt | included=true | included =====
SUP CANAL DISASTER.

Irlam Locks Carried Away.

A SECTION EMPTIED AND TRAFFIC STOPPED.

Ihe worst disaster which has yet happened on the Ship Canal occurred about 8 o'clock last (Wednesday) night, when the steamship Cassia, of 703 tons, bound from Manchester entered the wrong lock at Irlam and cdrried away the intermediate gates. The lock was filled to accommodate a vessel approaching from the Manchester side, so that the Cassia set free the water in the lock, and the weight of water above on the other gates caused then to give way. The result was that the water in the higher reach of the canal poured through the lock and lowered the level by 16 feet. The Cassia had a very narrow escape from destruction. M3anwhile the approaching vessel fr-Ina Manchester was suddenly left straniel on the muddy battorn of the canal, all has hid t 3 be shored up to prevent tutning turtle. • , The stretch of canal affected by the disaster is from two to three miles long, and it is expected that all traffic will be at a standstill for a week before the disaster is repaired.

MESSRS. CR9SFIELDS' BAND TO VISIT FRANCE.

at the oi

Thera was an excellent attendance __ .uta open' --- meeting of the Warrington Society held in the I Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street. Mr. Robert Wood I Invitation from the Mayor of Calais. presided, and in a short address he pointed out how 1 The 'following letter has been received by Messrs. inen longed for help and sympathy, rich and poor 1 Joseph Croefield and Sons Ltcht Warrington, from alike, and urged all present to do, what they could for ' the Mayor of Calais. their fellow men. The Rev. J. F. Matthews delivered I , Le-Maire de la Ville de Calais. an address on "What is Christianity?" Christianity ' • Le 22 June 1906. he said, was a very real thing. It _ was not a I Gentlemen,—ln my capacity of first magistrate of matter of books, or parsons, Church order or creeds, the town of Calais, allow me to ask your Band to formal church going or ceremonial, hat a life of specially honour us by paying us a visit from kugust abiding beauty and sacrifice. Its root idea was the ' 12th, to 16th. I assure you beforehand the most negation of self, and all the hateftil tricks and habite Icordial welcome will be reserved for the members of which selfishness brings in its train. We were stupid, . your splendid band, who during their stay will be We confused a good thing with its counterfeit. If a the guests of the town of Calais. We shall make all man held a position in a church, and his life was arrangemtsnts to let them have a very enjoyable and notoriously out of harmony with his assumed' good- interesting time, taking sea baths, hearing evening ness be was a hypocrite, and the church that i performances in our New Casino, driving out in the harboured such a rascal Would suffer. It did suffer. country and in the forest near Calais, visiting •lace For 'all Churchgoers were branded as hypocrites manufactures etc. becauSe one base wretch did not ring true. Christial- I I beg you will give me a goad answer and you may ity was an ethic, a spirit, an atmosphere, al-example. be sure the visit of your Band would increase if It was an example that told.lfaster T. Tanner Tendered possible the feelings that our compatriots cherish for two solos which were greatly appreciated. Miss your great country. Oakley and Mr. Pownall *ere the accompanists. Ntr. , I am, gentlemen, R Nelson read the Scripture lesson, and prayer was I , . Yours sincerely, • offered by Mr. W. Light, Ur. E. Wyne Jones also i ' LE MAME, , took part in the meeting. (Signed) G. BA.ssErr. PREMIER CYCLES, 7,8, 10, 12 and 14 guineas I We understand that it has been decided to Cash or 18 monthly payments. Sole agent, J. S. accept the invitation. GARLANnt 51, 5'3 and 55, Bridge-st.—Advt. 'SIX-GUINEA CYCLES: Excellent value. Call and 1 inspect.—J. S. GautAND,5l to 55, Bridge-st.—Advt , Infirmary Extension Scheme. I A meeting of the Board of Management was held a i the Infirmary on Friday afterno,n, the Rev. H. V. ; (Continued front Page 6). Pigot presiding over a god attendance. The follow- i ing resolution, passed -at the last meeting of the Wesleyan Contributions. Extension Committee, was discussed at length, and The total amount raised by-the Warrington Wesleyan unanimously adopted: —" That, in view of the encour- 1 Circuit to the various connexional objects olf Methodism aging response already made to their appeal for sub- ending at the May Synod. 1006, was £440 lls. Pd. Run- scriptions, the Extension Committee recommend the corn raised !.£5OO 16s. 4d., Frodsham, £l6O 13s. 10d., Board to proceed with the proposed extension of the Widnes £3OY is. 9d. and Chester £442 Is. 10d. Infirmary without delay." The Board subsequently St. Peter's Church. 'passed a resolution authorizing the committee to I instruct Messrs. W. and S. Owen to draw up the The annual choir sermons in connection with St. Peter's Church were held on Sunday. The reacher in necessy plans and specifications, and obtain tenders , the morning was the Vicar (Rev. 8.. p Percival) and in for the proposed extension as soon as possible, and the evening the curate (Rev. J. Russell). A special generally to do everything necessary to carty the work musical service was held in the afternoon, when an into effect.—The Hon. Treasurer reported the receipt organ recital was given by Mr. E. Wilkes, organist of of a legacy of .€.50, less legacy duty from the late Mrs. St. Paul's Church. Special anthems were ably rendered S. A. Collin, of Marson'street,Ter*Messrs. S. Wallhead by the choir. There was a large congregation at each and Son.—Sincere regret was expressed at the death service. The collections were in aid of the choir funds of the late Alderman John Roberts, who, for many 1 Wyciffe P.S.A. Society. years, rendered valable services to the institution, as I chairman of the Workingmen's Committee, and a There was a fair attendance at this meeting on member of the Boare. of Management and House Sunday. Mr. C. H. Mills presided and made reference Visitors and Finance Committee, and the Secretary 'to some of the evils attending camp life of volunteers and urged young men when in camp to have a real grit was instructed to convey the heartfelt sympathy of the 'to withstand the temptations of evil and so let their Board to the members of his family. ki,nfhtence for good be felt. Mr. R. Henshall, the speaker, ' took as his text Matthew v., 20 and 30, "The eye or the , hand, if offensive, cut them off." The body, he said, : afflicted by one member of it, called for the member to be cut off to save the whole body. So in the spiritual realm, the diseased part of our moral and spiritual body must be parted with so that the higher life might become healthy and strong. Mr. Joseph Garner and Mr. G. Wallington took part in the meeting. Mr. Payton presided at the organ. The Secretary welcomed one new member and announced £1 15s. 4d. had that day been received towards the organ repair fund. He also asked the brethren to take out cards for their wives and friends. *.

.

CRAWFORD'S CREAM CRACKERS.

(

CRISP AND CREAMY.

Malcolm Flack, of Newcastle, and Nellie Hopper,of Byker, were boating on the Tyne on Tuesday, when ths boat capsized, the girl being drowned. During the past eleven months 153,093 immigrants arrived in Canada, being an increas3 of 20 per cent over the previous period of eleven months.,

===== 0002601_19060630_art0188.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. ‘i

===== 0002601_19060630_art0189.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
OUR LOGAL CHURCHES.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0190.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T DELAY IF YOU FEEL "OUT OF SORT." Or if you have, a friend whose constitution has been weakened, whether by overwork of brain or body, by exposure to the weather, by working low,' hours in ill-ventilated rooms, by recent sickness, or by any cause tending to weaken the bodily powers ; in a word, if he is one who suffers from any form of complaint which may be the resnit of any of the above or similar causes; if, for instance, you can see that he is troubled with Indigestion, the bane of our Country and of modern civilization: or, if you think he has Low Spirits, that sure sign of some Nervous Disorder, bringing in its train a host of other complaints such as Melancholy, Lassitude Pr.c., or, perhaps, Neuralgia, and frequently, Sleeplessness, which of itself is snfficient to weaken the strongest constitution, and to make life a burdee : or, if being free from these, he is regarded by his friends or himself as being of a delicate constitution, subject to Bronchitis. Coughs. Colds, a tendency to Consumption. or other Chest Affections, and if he, like thousands of others. failed to get relief from other remedies,tell him he need not be disheartened, that there is one Remedy whose virtues are so great, that it has succeeded where others have failed, and that there is hope he may be cnred,as thousands of others have been cured beforehim by making a sensible and timely use of Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters, Tile Vegetable Tonic. If your friend then gives it a fair trial, he will be fully convinced, as others have been, that this is the Best Remedy of The Age. You or your friend may ask "What is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters 0" *lt is a Preparation now extensively taken throughout the country by patients -suffering from • Debility, Nervousness. and General Exhaustion, and if any value be attached to human testimony, the e'Rcacy of this medicine has been suc- cessfully established. Its claims have been tested and Proved by the medical profession anrrothem and corro- borated by the written testimonials of eminent men. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters contain not only a suitable quantity of Quinine in each doss. but the active principles of the following well-known herbs— Sarsaparilla. Saffron, Gentian. Lavender, Burdock, and Dandelion. The use of Quinine is well kown hut it has never been satisfactorily combined with these preparations until after overcoming considerable dirficalties, the proprietor was able to secure a perfectly uniform preparation, combining all the essential properties of the above plants in their greatest purity and concentration. It is now estab- lished as a family medicine,and is increasing in popular favour the more it is known and tested. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a tonic " Pick-me-up " scientifically mixed in happy proportions. Sold everywhere in bottles, 2s. 9d. and 4s. fkl. each. ebonld any dificnlty be experienced in Procuring Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it will be forwarded carriage free for the above prices by the Sole Pro- prietors: The Quinine Bitters Msnufactm ing Company, Limited, Llanelly, Sonth Wales. We particularly caution cnr readers acainst imitators, and impress upon them the importance of always seeing that the name " Owilvm Evans" is on the Label, Stamp, and Bottle, without which none is genuine.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0191.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Latchford Wesleyan .Church.

Special services were held in the above place of worship, on Sunday. The preacher was the Rev. A. Cecil Parker. In the afternoon, a musical service was rendered by the Leigh-street Primitive Methodist choir, the soloists being Miss L. Snelling, Miss A. Woodland, Miss A. Bridge and Mr. El. Corrin Mr. A. Spruce was the conductor, Mr. .T. Foster, presiding at the organ. The Rev. A. Cecil Parker gave an address, the subject of which was "Popular Fallacies." At the morning and evening services special music was rendered by an augmented choir. Miss B. Eckersley and Mr. :I. Willett, were the soloists. Mr. E. G. Oldbury conducted, and Mr. W. H. Ford presided at the organ. The services were largely attended, and the collections which were in aid of the New Sunday School Building Fund amounted to £8 10s. 6d. Open Air Campaign. Meeting on the Fair Ground.

The first of a series of open air services conducted by the lVarrington Free Church Council. was held on the Fair Ground, Queen-street, on Sunday evening. Mr. C. E. Parker presided and was supported on the platform by the Revs. S. Pitt, J. F. Matthews and C. L. Stowe. The attention of the public was attracted by the play- ing of hymns by the Legh-street Band and in a short time a laree crowd collected—s crowd composed of a fair sprinkling of women and of characters so divergent as to range from a frock-coated, well-groomed alderman of the borough to a ragged "corner-boy," and from workers in the mills and factories to the ruddy-faced proprietors of shooting galleries who the day previously had been entertaining our invenile population on the fai,. ground. Punctually at eight o'clock the service commenced with the singing of a well-known hymn. The size of the audience momentarily increased, the casual passer-by being impelled oy curiosity to swell the ranks, and as the band strnck up the strains of Cardinal Newman's well-known hymn "Lead kindly light" joined by the hearty singing of the hundreds who had gathered round the lorry which did service as a platform, an unique and inspiring scene was presented. Mr. C. E. PARKER, who had generously provided the hymn books, explained that it was the purpose of the .Free Church Council to hold similar services indifferent parts of the town in the hope of reaching those who were not accustomed to attend any places of worship. The general fault to be found with open-air meetings was that only one tune was to be played, and only one aspect of the gospel presented to the people. They hoped by getting the services of the friends from the different Free Churches that the whole of the gospel in all its fulness and in its different aspects would be pre- sented to the people. The Rev. S. PITT. superintendent of the War- rington Wesleyan Circuit, followed with an apt address, not indulging in any flight of oratory, but in a simple and effective manner pointing out the great truths of the Gospel. Some people, he said, made a great deal of the differences and diversities of opinion amongst Christian bodies but he did not think they were anything like so marked as a great many people felt they were. He felt it his dutv to show forth before the world and everyone the sub- stantial unity amongst the people of God. At present they were one in heart and being and if not absolutery i one n doctrine—and they were nearer to being one in doctrine than many people imagined—the fundamental truths which they preached and believed in were very much alike. Mr. Pitt proceeded to instance as a bless- ing which had followed in the wake of Christianity the care for the lives and well-being of the children. But in this direction, he pointed out, everything was not as it ought to be. There were, he said, more children dying in Warrington than there ought to be. One hundred and forty five out of every thousand children born during the year, died before they reached the age of twelve months. What was the cause ? It WAS not poverty, because in Wiltshire the death rate of infants was only 85 per I,ooo,and there the agricultural labourer lived in the most abject poverty. The fact that Wilt- shire was the cleanest county in regard to the drink bill had a great deal to de with the low death rate amongst infants. Not only must the children be better protected but,they must be taught and influenced, and it was a duty upon all of them to see that the children committed to their care were brought up in the name of and for the service of their Lord Jesus Christ. The Rev. J. F. Marritews delivered an address with his characteristic vigour and enthusiasm. He would wish, he said, that their platform was still wider. He was looking forward to the time when men would be able to stand together with the determination to preach that God was love. He never was a shamed and never would be ashamed of standing up with any man, no matter who or what he was,who dared to stand forth and teach and preach the love of God. They were not coming there to insult the man in tbe street. He believed that the man in the street was a distinctly religious personality and it was their business to touch his religions iestincts until he awakened to the beauty and solemnity which was in the highest and truest religion. All they tried to do would be based upon the assumption that the passer-by was their brother man with similar religious instincts to whom they could appeal as a - reasonable creature and who ought to be prepared to yield to the persuasive efforts brought to bear upon his heart and conscience whereby he might be enabled to live a better life and to realize his true manhood. They were to teach men to recognize their brother man and to know that even though he was a-disgusting devil, I revelling in the filth of the gutter, he was still a man who ought to be redeemed and that they 'were sent as a redemptive factor. How could they love God Whom they had never seen unless they loved their brothers whom they had seen and worked night and day for his physical, spiritual and intellectual redemption? A great number felt very cynical about their brother man and thought birn scarcely worth savinc at all and it did seem some- times as tholigh it would exhaust the grace of God ta, bring some men back to the highest but they must go forth and, in the name of the Father, must lay their hand upon that brother's shoulder and tell him of a better life, sober, truer and purer, which he might live if be willed to do so.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0192.txt | included=true | included =====
REV. H. DUNNICO'S DEPARTURE.

FAREWELL SERMON AND PRESENTATION.

Large Gathering in the Parr Hall.

The Parr Hall was crowded in every part on Sun- day evening when the Rev. Herbert Dunnico, who will shortly take up the pastorate of Kensington Chapel, Liverpool, preached his farewell sermon. The occasion was of additional interest by reason of the fact that at the close of the service Mr. Dunnico was the recipient of a public testimonial which took the form of a hand- some roll-top desk, a revolving study chair, and a purse of gold. Alderman Arthur Bennett attended to make the presentation. The great gathering was a striking testimony to the success which Mr. Dunnico has achieved during his four years' ministry in War- rington. Not a seat was unoccupied and many people were unable to gain admission to the building. The service formed part of the celebration of the Sunday school anniversary and the musical portion was there- fore of a special character. The children sang a number of hymns very effectively, Mr. Tom Brough conducting. The organists were Mr. A. Trolt and Mr. S. Bickers. Madame Rathbone sang two solos with great taste and expression, Liddle's "Abide with me " being interpreted in a particularly feeling manner.

The Rev. H. DrsNrco in the coarse of a abort address raid a tribute to the valuable services rendered by Mr. Freeman and Mr. Elliott as superintendent and secre- tary respectively of the Sunday school. When he came to Warrington there were just over 100 scholars; to-day they had only a few short of 300, which considering the disadvantages in the shape of the wretched accommoda- tion, was an excellent tribute to the officers and teachers who had worked so loyally. He would also like to thank Mr. Trow,their able organist,Mr.Brough(and other friends who had assisted at the Parr Hall servt ces.He(Mr. Dunnico) wanted to say as he left Warrington that he could never have done the work that he had done if it had not been for the loyal co-operation and the devotion] of friends who loved him and understood him, who did not misinterpret his actions, and recognized that even if he made a mistake he did it with the best of inten- tions and with a sincere motive. He wanted to leave the church free from debt. There was £l6O owing for the chapel renovation when he came and that had been cleared off. If the collection that night realized £l2 or £l5 they would have more money in hand than was needed to meet all bills. The collection was taken and amounted to £l5 Ss. I

.. -- 1 Later Mr. Minnie° delivered his farewell sermon. IBasing his remarks on 2.Chron. 6-8 "Thou didst well ; it was in thine heart, " the preacher said that no one could read the narrative without being strangely moved. The purpose of David, that of building a temple, was altogether a very pure and generous one, but for several reasons enumerated David was not per- mitted to realise it, but the message came to him "Thou didst well ; it was in thine heart." He should speak to them therefore on unfulfilled ideals, unaccomplished aims and human limitations. An ideal,said the preacher, was an outline picture of possible usefulness. It stood for the power of vision. It was not a wordly ambition but a heavenly inspiration. A man's life was formed coloured, shaped, by his ideas. Character and destiny ' were determined by them. They all bad their ideals or at least had had them, but he could not stay to mention many. Perhaps they had had a great passion to become social reformers and lift the people out of their swinish. drunken habits, and make a protest against the brutes and bailie.; who built up their fortunes on the blood and tears of starving women and children They went out on a great crusade, but they fritind by and by that the very people they tried to help were the ones who had the most to say against them and who cried out : "Crucify him!" Perhaps they had attached themselves to some body of Christians narrow in creed, in outlook, bigoted in theology, in the tond hope that by and by their views might be broadened and their creed made as wide as the love of God. But,alas, they had discovered that men who fought for creeds, generally lacked the spirit and were of all men most unlike Christ. Human life was a long story of unfulfilled ideals. Mr. Minnie° then said that the more noble the ideal the less likeli- hood was there of ever realising it. The people who succeeded in realising their ideals were not the superior people. The bulk of men who succeeded as the world counted success, succeeded because they had parted with their ideals. It might well be asked of what use then were ideals if the noble ones were impossible of realisation? They were useful in many ways, the preacher stated. Pirst, how and why was it that they could never realise noble ideals ? The reasons were legion. Physical and intellectual limitations—they were all hemmed in by innumerable limitations. Then many men were hindered by the spirit of the age, the psychological atmosphere. It was very difficult for a man to realise an ideal if he happened to visit this earth forty years before his time. A man who preached a gospel forty years in advance of the people among whom he laboured or forty years in advance of trust deeds he was called upon to subscribe to, generally received abuse, vulgarity, and insolence or some other form of orthodox or ecclesiastical persecution. Still ideals impossible of realisation were of infinite value because of the influence they had upon the life and soul of the man who cherished them and because the ideals of to-day were the actual realisations of to-morrow. Everything in life they valued, all their sacred liberties, were once ideals. The preacher in con- clusion made a very earnest appeal to all present to •be true to the ideals he had ever placed before them. Neves had he appealed there for them to join the particular Church to which he belonged. He had urged them to be Christians, to follow the ideal Christ, had left them to attach themselves to the Church where they could bestserve God and man and develop the powers of their manhood and womanhood. He appealed to the young men to keep their record clean, to reverence the name of woman, not to listen to or lend themselves to indecent language. He appealed to the parents present to make home a sacred word end to make it the happiest place on God's earth. Perhaps he should never look anon some of their faces again but ere he left them he wished to thank them for all their kindness. Whatever success might wait upon him in the future he wanted them to feel that they had some share in it. He owed them a debt of gratitude for all their trust and lave and although a handful of narrow minded people had caused him much annoyance hundreds and even thousands had given him cause for joy. The church to which he WAR going was one after his own heart. There he could preach a gospel broad as eternity, there he would not be handicapped by narrow trust deeds,but he would be able to offer the hand of fellowship to all who loved Christ. He should pray for them; he hoped they would pray for him. If ever the young men there were in doubt, in difficulty, in red of guidance, let them ever look upon Isim as their friend. Ho urged them to be true, brave and faithful, to work hard, and he bade them good-bye for a little while. THE PRESENTATION

The presentation took place at the close of the service. In addition to the gifts to be formally pre- sented to Mr.,Dunnico by Aldermad Bennett,tkere were on the platform an easy chair and a spirit kittle which had been presented to Mr. and Mrs. Dunnico the previous Thursday evening by -a large number of personal friends. Mr. D. GRUNDY, who presided, said that after listening to Mr. Dunnico's sermon, he could not help thinking that every person present would be more sorry than ever-that they could not keep Mr. Dimr.ico with them in Warrington. It fell to the lot of very few towns indeed to have amongst them so fa'thful and sincere a minister who fulfilled his duties to his God and his people—and during the four years that he (Mr. Grandy) had known him he had done his duty fearlessly and well. He was sure that all who had listened to Mr. Dunnico in that hall and in Golborne-street chapel would agree that sincerity formed one of the chief features of his ministry. I f,as he (Mr.Grnndyi believed,sincerity was the backbone of success then success to Mr. Dunnico in his new sphere might be considered to be assured. He was very pleased to find from a letter which Mr.Dumaico had received from, the secretary of the Kensington Chapel what a broad-minded principal pervaded the church there. The writer stated : I feel keenly that Warrington's loss will be our gain in the truest sense. Your church has the proud distinction of sending you to Liverpool where there is great need of Christian ministers to fearlessly preach a liberal Gospel. You come to us free to preach the Gospel of Christ which is able to save to the uttermost. We are not tied by any, miserable or narrow creeds to please the whims of cranks who by their narrowness make it hard for men to be Christians." Continuing Mr. Grundy said they regretted Mr. Dunnico's departure very sincerely,for be had been a trusted friend and pastor to them. He had always spoken to them for their own good. They might not agree with him in every particular, but he had always spoken to them of peace And if any when they had been so addressed had prepared for battle he (Mr. Grundy) hoped they might get free with their own consciences some day. A certain few of his own church might have disagreed with Mr. Dimino in some respects hut he (the chairman) took it that Mr. Dunnico had been a little in advance in ideals of some members of the Church. They had not throaghly understood him and had not been able to follow bin:), and consequently they had made things uncomfortable. But they were a very few and the testimonial which would be pre- sented to Mr. Dunnico had) been subscribed to by church members and officers, the congregation, and members of the public. (Applause.) Mr. OXFORD (superintendent of Kensington Chapel) said they had been served faithfully for thirty-four years by a man of God—the Rev. E. Walter who had been obliged to relinquish the pastorate owing to advancing years. When Mr. Dunnico preached at Ken- sington for the first time several months ago every member of the diaconate felt sure that God had sent him there and that he was the man who would carry on

===== 0002601_19060630_art0193.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,"

===== 0002601_19060630_art0194.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June

the work successfully. When his name was brought SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS. forward at the church meeting the congregation were • unanimous in calling him to the work. They had need HYDROLITHE. in Liverpool of a man of his type. With regard to the work at Kensington the chapel provided sitting accom- "Hydrolithe" is a new compound of calcium modation for a thousand people and there were seven and hydrogen. It gives off its hydrogen when or eight hundred Sunday scholars. They had a branch immersed in water, just as calcium carbide chapet about the size of Golborne-street chapel. He evolves acetylene, and M. George Jaubert, a (the speaker) was sure that whatever success Mr. Frenah engineer, urges that the new material Dunnico achieved he would always look to Warrington be adopted as a convenient means for carrying as his training place and there would always be a bond gas to inflate military balloons. of love and sympathy between the churches at Kensing- ton and Warrington. (Applause). The Rev. J. S. HUGHES, pastor of Hill Cliffe, expressed his appreciation of the splendid services Mr. Dunnico had done in this town and also his personal regard towards him. He had always felt'sympathy with the social work in which Mr. Dunnico had been engaged. He believed Mr. Dunnico was a man with convictions and he (Mr. Hughes). liked such men because he had a few convictions himself. (Laughter.) Mr. Monaco had stood nobly by his convictions during his ministry in Warringtan and the town was suffering a gnat loss by his departure. He was a type of man that we had not the like in the town. He (Mr. Hughes) had known Warrington nearly thirteen years and he had never known a man come to the town who had been able to move the masses who were outside the churches as Mr. Dunnico bad done. For his (Nlr. Hughes's) on part, he had never had a•bit of jealousy of the glorious success of Mr.Dunnico ; he had indeed rejoiced in it.lle was anxious that someone should come and lay hold of the multitude outside the churches and he was glad that Mr. Dunnico's efforts in that direction had been so suc- cessful. He had no doubt that Mr. Minnie() would be successful in Liverpool, as he had just the qualities that made for success. (Applause). Mr. HARRISON, of Kensington Chapel, also spoke. The CHAIRMAN read extracts from a letter from Mr, A. H. Crosfield, M.P. who wrote: " Mr.Dunnico knows fnll well that he has my hearty good wishes and my sympathy in the great and important work he has under- taken in Liverpool and his numerous friends in War- rington will be glad to know that we shall now and again see him amongst us . . . . Ihopeso energetic and courageous and practical a worker in the cause of progress will receive a fitting testimonial on his departure from Warrington." Applause). Alderman BENNETT then rose to make the presentation. He said that probably many of those present would think it a curious thing that be should be occupying that position, but he could onlyassure them that he felt it a great !armour to be asked to do so. lie was a Wesleyan and a Conservative and he was proud of both (Laughter). Mr. Dunnico was a Baptist and a ttadical and he too was proud of both. ((iaughter). It might seem incongruous that two gentlemen holding such different opinions should meet on an occasion of that kind. The fact was that all sincere and earnest men who tried to labour for the good of the community found their agreements were greater than their differ- ences. (Hear, hear.) He had found Mr. Duanico broader than his party or his creed, and in his anxiety to promote the principles of Christianity he bad come into touch with men of other sects and creeds and won their allegiance. He (Alderman Bennett) remembered that when Mr. Dunnico came to Warrington he seemel almost at once to create a certain amount 'ocinterest! excitemetit, and criticism. At the outset he (Alderman Bennett) was a little inclined to be criticaland oynical, but it had always been a rule of his neNer to take things secondhand. He had heard so much about Mr. Dunnico that he decided to go and hear him, and the sermon he listeved to—on the "Wonderful Fountain "—was one that he would never forget as long as he lived. It satisfied him that tae reputation which Mr. Dunnico was making was well-deserved and likely to be per- manent, and he had never had occasion to revise that opinion. He had seen how Mr. Domino had filled the chapel and crowded the Parr Hall, and be had been told by cynics who bad not been to see, that it was all the sensation and excitement of a moment. Well, it had gone on for four years and judging by the crowded attendance that night, it did not seem as if it was going' to be very ephemeral. He could not think that work of that character, which had been followed by so much public support during four years, could be accounted for by any mere sensationalism and clap trap methods of which some pleople accused Mr. Dunnico. He had been able to fill his church while others had been almost empty and to crowd that hall when others had failed to do so. He (Alderman Bennett) did not think it was due to Mr. Dunnico's eloquence, although he bad a high opinion of that, or even to his sincerity, which was evident in every word he spoke and in every line he wrote. It was,he thought. due to the breadth of the doctrine which Mr. Dunnico preached and the stay in which he had striven to lead the people of this town bank to the fundamental principles , of Christianity.' 411 e fact was that people were getting sick of mere creeds and externals, and the reason they were turning away from Christianity was because they preached their doctrines and dogmas instead of the principles which Christ taught and which were as powerful as ever they were. Mr. Dunnico had been brave and bold enough to preach in no faltering voice the great main principles which Christ taught, and had not sought to emphasize doctrinal differences. The consequence was that people had flocked to hear him as they flocked to hear Christ Himself—willingly and gladly, and had been greatly benefltted by all they had heard. It was amazing to him (the speaker) how theologians had built round the gospel such a mess of contradictions and bewildering ideas. The Gospel teas, after all, very eimple—"Loie to God and your neighbour; belief in the fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of men "—and that was what Mr. Dunnico had taught. ,He bad also tried to make it clear that it was not merely heaven that Christians were seeking but that they should build up the King- dom of Christ on earth. There was hunger, want and misery on every hand,and it seemed a crying disgrace to Christianity that these things should be allowed to exist. Yet they did exist and many so-called followirs of Christ were silent. Mr. Dunnico was not like that. Again and again he had spoken for the prin- ciples not only of personal righteousness but of social progress and he had not only preached his doctrines but had tried to carry them out in practice. Alderman Bennett referred to Mr. Dunnico's work on behalf of the Social Service League and also to the Christmas toy distribution to poor children which he organized. In these days, he continued, when such tremendous attacks were being made on Christianity if they fell back on those first great principles which Christ taught infidelity would fail and Christianity would go on to conquer in the strength of the message of Nazareth which, he believed, was destined lo revolu- tionise the world.

ARTIFICIAL GRANITE. A new artificial granite, repoked from Frei- burg, Baden, is made from chips of granite or marble, or both. These are made into a oonsist- ent putty with a suitable proportion of cement, water, colouring matter, and any 'other desired ingredients, and the mixture is shaped in mouilds and allowed to set. The blocks are then im- mersed in water to acquire a certain amount of water. On removal, they are dried and hard- ened in a warm and shady place, after which they are polished.

SUPERHEATED STEAM ON LOCOMOTIVES.

Superheated steam has been adopted on 186 locomotives belonging to the Canadian Pacifio Railway, the superheaters being for the most part designed and built in the company's own shops. The results are stated to have given great satisfaction. The engines have shewn marked economy of fuel, even as compared aith the compound locomotives in use on the same railway. In the case of the latest engines, the boiler pressure is being reduced to 1751 b. in place of the 2001 b. per square inch hitherto the standard practice; and it is expected that there will be a saving in the wear and tear of the ,boiler without any reduction on the hauling capacity of the engine.

_ Alderman BENNETT then formally made the presentation to Mr. Dunnico, reinarking that he hardly thought his work would end in Liverpool but that i-e would be called to an even higher sphere. Wherever he went he knew Mr. Dunnico would be found working for the Master on the principles which he had so zealously carried out in Warrington. (Applause.) The Rev. H. DLINNICO, who bad a very cordial recep- tion, said that was perhaps the proudest and happiest moment of one's life. He could only say that he did not feel he deserved that manifestation of their kindness. He had simply tried to do his duty since he came to Warrington and had he done otherwise he would have despised himself and lost faith in himself. He was very thankful to Alderman Bennett for the kind things he had said, and he( r.Dunnico) could only say with the same amount of sincerity that he bad said all, that if there was one man in Warrington that he would have chosen to make the presentation, that man was Alderman Bennett. As a public man he had differed from Alder- man Bennett but hehad recognized that their differences were very few and their agreements were very many. Although he was going from Warrington he felt very glad that he was leaving in Warrington in the person of Alderman Bennett a great fighter for social righteousness. He trusted that the people would rally round Alderman Bennett as they had rallied round him (Mr. Dunnico). One of the most pleasing features of the testimanial was that it repre- sented no clique or section of the town. He understood that the subscribers includod members of Parliament; the Mayor and Mayoress, the President of the Free Church Council and Liberal Association, Conservatives, I Roman Catholics, Secularists, and men who held all kinds of creeds. They had subscribed-not because they agreed with him, but because they had realized that he had simply tried td do his duty. He should , go away with very many aappy recollections. He I owed much to the people of Warrington who I were present that night. He had come across a few people who had hindered him and said bitter I things. He dare say some of those present came ; expecting that he would" go "for those pelple, but he thought it would be a pity to waste the time of over ; ; 2.000 people for the sake of half-a-dozen or a dozen people who did not know their own minds. He should forget all those things and go away remembering the pleasant experiences and he would ever cherish a warm place in his heart for Warrington. When they had any great fight on and wanted someone to come and fight I for them they must send for him. (Laughter.) A great , number of people who had criticised him had done so because they had not been able to buy him. If he could have been silenced bought and bribed, he would' have been long aeo. Men had come into his house and had said certain things before him, and he, had formed his own opinion and had come on to the public plat- 1 form and spoken its fearlessly against a friend as what might appear to be a foe. He had tried to do his duty and he took their gift to be a tangible expression of their admiration and love, even though it might not represent their agreement. He could never have done the work he had accomplished if it had not been for the splendid help and self sacrifice of the lady whom he was proud to call his wife. (Ap- plause.) Mr. Dunnico concluded with the words of the late Mr. Gladstone: "I pray that God will give to all of you everything that is good in this world and in the world tn come eternal life.". „ -

The meeting concluded with the hymn "God be with YOU till we meet again."

Mr. Flavin in the Commons on Tuesday handed a glass of stout to Mr. Corbett, who was making a speech particularly obnoxious to Catholics. This. is said to be the first time stout has ever been brought into the sacred chamber.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0195.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4e,

===== 0002601_19060630_art0196.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW FISHES CONVERSE.

The "talk of fishes" is peculiar, as Professor T. W. Bridges has shewn in pointing out the voluntary sounds of these creatures, says Science Siftings. Some part of the bony skeleton is movable, and when it is rubbed against some fixed . part of the skeleton the friction of the rough surfaces sets up a sound. The stickleback gives an illustration. In other fish a murmur- ing sound is produced by the pressure of air upon the valves of the air bladder. In still other fish there are two 'little flexible spines, attached to which is a muscle whose contraction causes the spines. to tap against the air-bladder, and this produces a sound like the roll of a drom. WHY DO STARS SEEM RAYED? •

An attempt to aaiount for the familiar rayed or starlike appearance of the stars when seen by the naked eye sis made by W. Holtz in an article on the "Appearance of Stars." which appeared in & German magazine. He finds that all stars shew precisely the same rays, but that in the case of the brighter stars the rays are plainer and somewhat longer. It is further re- marked that the rays seen by the left and right eyes differ, and that if the head be turned the rays are rotated in a corresponding manner. It is thus concluded that the source of the rays is not in the stars but in the eye itself, the middle of the retina being not perfectly h. rno- geneoue in its sensitiveness.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0197.txt | included=true | included =====
DEGENERATE BIRDS.

The ostrich is a bird which has lost the power of flying through long disuse of its wings. It is not so degenerate, however, as the rhea, the emu, the cassowary, or, above all, the apteryx. All these feathered creatures are surface dwel- lers, yet all with indications of having once been fliers. It is interesting to observe how their feathers have become degraded and gone back towards the original hair. In ordinary feathers the barbs are fastened together by little cross- hooks, or barbules, so as to make a firm support' in flying; but these are lost in the ostrich, the plumes being •pendent, loose, and downy. In the emus and cassowaries the feathers have gone still further backwards, the wings }miming no plumes, but only horny shafts, the relics of dis- used quill feathers. The body feathers are very stiff and hair-like.

NEW THEORY OF THE EARTH'S INTERIOR. The earth, whose interior still remains one of the greatest of mysteries, is believed by Mr. Beresford Ingram to embrace three concentric, spheres (spheres within spheres). The solid nu- cleus he supposes to be between 3,000 and 7,000 miles in diameter, and this is surrounded by a liquid substratum, outside of which is the crust, variously estimated at 70 to 2,000 miles in thick- ness. More than two centuries ago, a similar theory, including the slow rotation of the inner solid sphere on a different ,axis from that of the entire globe, was held by pr. Edmund Halley to account for the changes in the earth's magnet- ism. The axis of the nucleus was tliought to have been originally that of the entire globe, and to the change, of course, was attributed the deluge. The earth's internal heat, it is now pointed out, may be accounted for by the fric- tion of the differently rotating bodies.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0198.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT THE ARCTIC CLIMATE CAN •DO

FOR DISEASE.

Dr. F. Sohon has a high opinion of what the Arctic climate can do for the relief of chronic affections, particularly consumption, says Popu- lar Science Siftings. The continuous sunshine and its marked effect on animal and vegetable life in these regions during the summer months as well as its increased actinic (light rays that quality, the dustless and and the effect of the sea ns are all noted as fac- tors mc tit infnr germ-free er causingmati he au elsuescphtchahoenenr changes) special affections. The doctor sums up the merits of the Arctic climate for this class of cases: 1. It holds absolutely nothing to add fuel to the exist- ing flame, 't i here sno dust to irritate tissues already struggling against a present mastery of the disease, no addition of pus or other infec- tions, no oontracting of colds to invite a setback, nothing to depress vitality. 2. It holds every incentive to an increase of bodily Vigour. Each Pportunity for a cure w for and obtained only anhdicheve is every here chance singly and indifferently is, there grouped to- gether in full intensity without the necessary presence of any disadvantageous element.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0199.txt | included=true | included =====
MYSTERIES OF SOLAR PHENOMENA,

Dr. E Ledger, a well-known astronomer, writing in the Nineteenth Century and After, says that science can teach us very little, com- paratively, regarding those things of which we are most anxious to have information respecting thr. sun. Its distance is so great, in comparison with the power of our instruments, he says, as to reduce our knowledge of its nature and con- stitution almost to a minimum. The sun is so far away that we are still intensely ignorant with regard to it, while the brilliance of its light is such as to be the greatest hindrance to our study of it. obscuring our view of what we long, but for the most part try in vain, to de,inher or explain. So far as we can judge, almost all solar nhonc,mians are Probably re=arkably

===== 0002601_19060630_art0200.txt | included=true | included =====
Sick Room

Soap

Fels-Naprha soap is helpful in the sick room to wash floors, clothes, utensils, etc.

Disinfects.

It is

useful

because

it disinfects as well

cleanses.

Use it with cold water, or you may use warm for comfort's sake.

Germicide.

We have established the fact that Fels-Naptha is a germicide. Its germ-killing power is greater than any other soap.

FELS-NAPTHA 39 Wilson Street London E C

===== 0002601_19060630_art0201.txt | included=true | included =====
30,

aependent. The chemistry of no sun, Its mag- netism, its spots. its eruptions, its heat, its light, are all related to. one another. . . . Such a very limited knowledge of the sun as we possess at present is due mainly to the telescope prprl to the spectroscope, but moch more to the latter than to the former of these two instru- ments. while in Pormrsetion with both of them photography has afforded very great help. ' In its more elementary and daily observation the sun is seen as a huge globe of about 866,000 miles in diameter. having for its apparent boundary an intensely -heated and brilliant sur- face which astronomers term

===== 0002601_19060630_art0202.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PHOTOSPHERE.

This limits what is ordinarily visible either with or without a telescope. What is thus seen is. however, no, solid surface. Under farvourable conditions, with a powerful telescope, or if a photograph be taken with a very brief ex- posure, so that the intensity of the light does not blot out details, it in perceived that the bright surface is mottled all over. It is not at all uniformly bright. It seems to be formed by a layer of individual cloud-like formations of vast._ size, RO close torrether as to look like a continu- ous surface under a low magnifying power. But yr..-.nthe- It-, observe thi% photosphere telesooni- cally or spectroscopically, with or without the aid of photography, day by day. or at the t-"eial moments when the advancing body of the moon leaves the minutest sickle or crescent of light uncovered, at the beginning or ending of the totality of an eclipse, the result is the same. We can '

FIND OUT VERT LITTLE indeed as to 'what these cloud formations are. the' nutter is in the form of solid metallic particles, or is of a more liquid or viscous nature; whether, AS they float, they hePr some resembl r n en.. al thou el on a vaster scale, to the little clouds of our own atmosphere, in spite of their intense heat and light or wh•-•ther they may be merely the summits, if such a term may he used. of nreat unrising ,cur- rents of matter from henertl,. All is doubt vagueness, mystery, and hypothesis in regard to them.

Arsenio is greatly praised by Dr. Vercialle for its effect in clises of diabetes. Moderate doses are most beneficial.

The largest mass of ice on earth has been ae• cumulating. in Greenland for thousands of years, and the immerele block is supposed to average mile and s half in thickness, its area being about 600.000 miles.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0203.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S AFFLICTIONS.

Many ladles say IRMO'S SEAWEED TONIC Is "Magic Itself." , SYMPTOMS. 1. Do you feel as though something was pressing down on the top of your head? 2. Have you acking pains in the back? Do Your ankles swell when you stand for a tune? 3. Have you palpitation of the heart with a dull pain under the heart?

4. Do you feel an aching pain between the shoulders or shooting pains in the head and face? 5. Are you excitable and nervous? 6. Is your appetite poor? Do you pass sleepless nights ? Are "you easily tired? Do you feel low- spirited ? 7. Do you feel a dragging down feeling with pains in the limbs? 8. Do you suffer from habitual constipation and female weakness? If so, VENO'S SEA.WEED TONIC will cure you. It has cured many ladies who had suffered many years. All these systoms indicate a derangement of the whole vital organism. There is something wrong. VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC will put you right. It cures by acting constitutionally, by regulating and bringing into a normal condition the whole vital system. It is pleasant to take, effective in action, and permanent in the results obtained. VENO'S-SEAWEED TONIC is guaranteed to cure ailrhents arising from the STOMACH LIVER, KIDNEYS, and Swori,.especially Suc- cessful in female ailments and constipation. A valuable book accompanies each bottls. Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per bottle, at Chemists arid Drug Stores.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0204.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

GARDEN PART y . MondayOsvea Gardenlastth p e vicar,ot , thet Reve Wjaamrdesen,°Scle llinssi m., g nen and their wives and the District Visitors and a most enjoyable afternoon was spent. On Saturday nest, Teachers and ther Officers,thre invited to a similar function,which is being much looked forward to by those invited. PRIZE DrsTruzuzioN.—This interesting event took place in the Church Room on Monday evening last to the scholars attending St. Thomas' Church Sunday School. Mrs. Greenall presented the prizes, which were more numerous than ever this year. The Vicar pre- sided over the proceedings which were—considered to be the best that had yet taken place in this respect. Addresses were given during the evening by the Rev. D. A. Lester, Mr. Moss (superintendent), and others.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0205.txt | included=true | included =====
1908.

Prett:

DEAR CHILDREN, 4 I am sorry I have no space this week to publish letters written me about your Whitaun holidays. Fl owever, I was very pleased that so many of you spent such a nice time, although the weather was not very warm. Next week I shall publish the answers it° ail, Plizzles which appeared in last week's paper,' and I will announce the prize winner. I will award two prizes next week—one for the best story sent me, and the other for the nicest piece of poetry. Remember to write neatly, as this is always taken into considera- tion. I wonder how many of you have written me letters for my birthday, which is on' the 26th; many of you asked me the date, so I expect guile a lot of letters. _ . _ _ _

have sernt a prize to Norah Iladde,n for the poetry she sent me and which I consider very good.

I wish you would let me know how your gardens are progressing now, and whether any of the plants are flowering. You must keep them well watered, as this helps them a great deal. .

The time is drawing near for the close of our monthly Competition, so I shall be glad of some more ideas and suggestions for next month. Please all tell me what you would like, as soon as possible, as I want to announce the Competition at the. end of this month, if pos- sible. I think, \during your summer holiday, you could all make something, as you will have plenty of time; the question is, what shall it be, and I leave it to you to make suggestions. I must not take up more space, so will say/ good-bye. From your affectionate

UNCLE NED.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l 'am very sorry that I have not had much time to write to you, again. I should be very glad if you would be so kind as to accept me as one of your'members the "Children's Corner League." I send you the following story:—

. Uncle Ned,—Will you please accept r, member of the "Corner?' lam send:it, piece of poetry, which I hope you w.. It is called, "Polly's Flight." With love, from your loving Niece,

NoRAII HAD EN.

'POLLY'S FLIGHT. Poll, how well and cared for

You are fooking hi your cage! One would never think you'd sulk there, • Scratch and fight, and screain with r4...gc. Pretty Poll, you're always thouL7lit of, Always fed and cleaned with .caDc, Yet you never look quite _happy,

Never eeem contented ther-e^... Foolish Poll, outside the window, Saw the pretty fields and trees; Thought how' much she'd like to get there, And to fly about at ease. So, one day, when careless. mistress Polly's door had open left, Out she fluttered; through the window Flew as hard as though a theft She had only just committed, Soared aloft, and oh so high, ' That sir •almost got to fancy She would soon have reached th 2 sky. By-and-bye, her miatresc songlit r Came with food to give her pet; Called her with sweet tones enticing,

But the foolish -bird. -Wats teEz On. possesein,g /longer freeduill

'Mid the pretty trees and flowers. Why should she be cooped up sealy, _ .

. . . .. And impritsoned Spend long liars ? So three years she held out bravely, Tllough sometimes she thoug:it it mean That the birds, who marked the , stranger, Pecked and pulled her feathers green.

But at last there came a winter,, When the frost was sharp and long, And poor Polly could no lon;er Fly aloft with feathers strcog. So she died, that foolish Polly, All because she would not .be Kept and shielded by her niistress, But determined to be free.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l have lately been reading about your League, and I thought it would be nice to become one of your nieces, if you will allow me. lam nearly twelve. lam sending yell this story, hoping you will like it. I remain, youra sincerely,, MAUD HLGDIEON.

• FUN. "How hot it is!" said -Vera. "I can't run about any more; I am going to sleep on the grass." "Do not lie with your head in the sun," said mother. "I will open my umbrella, and it will shade you. Come, Edgar, we will go down to the shore and let Vera sleep in peace." But Edgar mil a boy who loved teas- ing, and while mother was not looking he crept up to Vera and said, "Lazy thing! I will wake her up." So he talk a. blade of grass, and.tickled Vera on the cheek. She did not wake, but brushed her cheek as if to brush away a fly. Once again naughty Edgar tickled, her eyelid, and fairly woke her. "Oh! .oh I" she said, sitting up, and looking frightened. "Something bit my eye, I- know it did; I felt it I " "Ha ha!" That serves you right for sleeping on the grass," laughed Edgar, "No, no, Edgar," said mother, who saw his trick. "You should not have done Oak. Vera was doing no harm, and it was a pity to waks,her." Edgar looked sulky and ashamed, but Vera, who was kind-hearted, said, "Oh, mother, he only did it for fun; he did not mean to vex me." So peace was restored. But mother was right. Fun that means teasing oth& people is not the best sort of funk

MAIM lizionsoN.

BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU SAY.

In speaking of a person's faults, Pray don't forget your own; Remember thcee with homes of g:ass

Should seldom throw a atone. If we have nothing else to do , Than talk of those who sin. 'Tis better to commence at home, And from that point begin.

We have rio right to judge a man Until he's fairly tried; Should we not like his company, We know the world is wide. Some may have faults—and who bas not? The old aA3 well ac young; Perhaps we may, for aught we know, Have fifty to their one.

I'll tell you of a better plan, And find it works full well— To try my own defects to cure, Ere others' faults I tell. And though I hope some time to be No worse than some I know, My own shortcomings bid me let The faults of others go.

Then let us all, when we begin To era'nder friend or foe, Think of the harm one word may do To thoee we little know. Remember—" Curses sometimes, like Our chickens, roost at borne." Don't speak of others' faults until We have none of our own.

PRUDENCE MUSTY.

, .. • 'ili ~, , • - a. „._,.., ,e.....c 0)6 i e ~...,. •.. . . • ~..,.., .7.:.„.,.;:i.„.....:,_,.••,,,1...f,.......,.,...,............,„..„......,..„..,....,.......„,:....,... ..,,.......1., ..,...... ..,t1.z....0:.„.... •,.,....1 ..:. . I „I_ .±,..;.:i3.....i„...f.„....:., s,ri:, . . . _ . ' I 1 k."*.'l4:'-'-',.;.,''.,,,•'.41''.r..,.1 • 'C'k ' ' ..4c.,;F:i '' : ' 4 •••. ;Iri• i. .1/4 ; 6 .. tc,-.--f. ~,, t., , ..-:j...tl_ , .—t-r....---•••:::,....,.,4,-",..,4-,4,, ..,-_, ~.,7_,„.....:. . •,..,. -,. , i--?:„.- ~:i.00,,,.0: . -,•-• )' : , uncle t,,,..,,,, , .„,„ ~,,,,:,,;•::.-,...„:„. - ,A.„,„-,_..i...1Y ~. -- 0, fit • ~,.. . •,., ~.. . „....., „. ,s 4- 4 , I'. 1......,, . ~....dflr.,•-, ' ...'-j-ti i ',' I --,--:\ -..- Dear as a 1 you a like. . r '''-k f lirArilv-• '''', ' 1 ‘‘).'d.' I°ll.V. t C

I

Le Decay of Danger Boards.

Complaints are frequently heard from cyclists IA the decayed and dilapidated condition of the warning boards on the summits of dangerous hills. Up to within three years ago these boards, were kept in proper condition by the Cyclists' Touring Club and the National Cyclists' Union—by which bodies they were originally erected. The Motor Car Act of 1903 allocated to the borough and county councils respectively the duty of causing "to be set up sign-posts denoting dangerous corners, cross roads, and precipitous places, where such sign-posts appear to them to be necessary." Hence the appearance of the crop of white posts, bearing red symbols, described the other day by an ignorant cyclist as signs of the Zodiac, which have sprung into existence throughout the kingdom. Un- doubtedly of service to motorists, the red triangles cot7ey no meaning to the ordinary cyclist, and by their very profusion are not associated with the special danger of which lie,clesires to be apprised. Now that brakes are nearly universal, hills that were regarded as dangerous twenty years ago in many cases present no difficulty, but in the case of steep, curving descents it is most desirable that the local authorities should maintain the existing danger boards in serviceable conditi on.

• 'The cost of the upkeep of danger boards to the county and borough councils is only a tiny and infinitesimal sum, and to allow the boards to fall into decay is a gross and inexcusable neglect of duty. In view of the obligation placed on these bodies by the Motor Car Act, any cyclist injured by an accident caused by the absence of these warning signals would probably be able to recover damages from the local authority so neglecting its duties.

A Famous Hill, Climb.

On the 16th inst the Catford Cycling Club held its twentieth oven hill climb up the steep slope of the North Downs at Westerham, Kent, Out of an unusually big entry, 44 riders started and 34 secured certificates by reaching the summit. As usual, the contest was open to riders of any type of machine, irrespective of weight, the only restric- tion being in respect to the ratio of gear and crank length, 10 toNl. A former winner, F. S. Bale, reasserted his prowess as a climber, by winning the scratch race in 4 min. 24f sec., while another well- known scaler, R. Barnfather, was third. A sealed handicap was run in conjunction with the scratch race, which added to the interest of the result. Westerham Hill, which has been the scene of the annual event for some six years, was the locale of the first climb, held in 1887, won on a safety by the now famous motorist, S. F. Edge. On this memorable occasion R. L. Philpot scaled the hill on a 52 in. solid-tyred high bicycle weighing.3s lb. Westerham summit is over 800 ft. above sea level, the length of the hill is 2,942 ft., and the average gradient lin 9.4. The stiffest point on the hill is 7known as Hell Corner. Some Motor-Bus Improvements are still urgently required. A inudguard that will Lfifectively prevent the throwing np of mud and filth warivyteetawTtlxer is .one improvement most urgently peculiar !ac writer has noticed that, owing to the formation of tyres on motor busses, on '13,13, these vehicles churn up a

ike)k

rises to a the road, just f pedestrians, to

gL _l3, open cl loge of the hansom iictoria type, to dump right on to the stock goods exposed for sale on barrows ,by eoster-

,

„ - - ' * AO' 4-_, or4wAv 4 ...' 4 CYCLIZG GOLiSIP ",'', MIL CLUBMAN Th

.0.:,,,,-Atk, • .V., sli sAtt: g .1- • ~..,..4. ~,, ;II t.,•-• fßarillln 1- '41*W16,,V113017-$ Ilte• ~r1.0•'1"'",..111r., ,1 - \ frit+.l. „Pl,' .A,),„;t6 t I'. Yirlit . V ofc \ • •;,.., —, A,,5.• ...0 y.... , tIN/ ' liiiiii te„0„1,40 • . .

---

;wet and muddy da, ../... ... c.,: , •-____-'--_ ' \ ":4' 11,111 l Sib nib' P°4-1, k ` , ikr.. : 7. 1 ~;.,..:;\'Esjri,e(4.:,:::::l3,'„,.;:',./1,j1: . .\ ,4v4 s4'. . '•-•,' Vi, , 4,,v1, -'• it ' ..',i7 _ P--:.,,,,:. , -z., .t ~,,,,,4 . —.,,, 11,1 i .44 , I 4 OW di. , ~/// 4, i• --,,,...,,,,. . 1 ~ 44,...;.ir.:,... . it steady stream of mud and filth, which r: height of about three feet , from ' sufficient to ruin the garrae.nts oi splash right into any ," •arriP cab or N" ' ' .of crag) --

===== 0002601_19060630_art0206.txt | included=true | included =====
AN \ OLD MAN'S CLAIM.

A gentleman once left a will, by which every young man of a certain village was to receive ten pounds on his twenty-first birthday. Once an old man appeared, and explained that he had just had hie twenty-first birthday, which was on the 29th of February, so that meant he only had a birthday every four years. The old man received the ten pounds, and went home very pleased. From your loving Niece,

A. TURNER.

A HORSE TO SHOE.

I Benny was a little boy. One day he went ! to the smith's shop. What did he want there? , I will tell you. He had a horse which was made of wood. He could carry it under his arm. One day, when he was playing with his horse on the road, it ran over a stone and one of the wheels came off. Benny looked at his horse as it lay on the ground, and he felt very sad. He could not put the wheel on again. At last he said, "I know where to go. I will take my horse to the smith!" He took his horse under his arm and went to the smith's shop. He went right in. "Now, My little man,:' said the smith, kindly, "what can I do for you?" "Can you shoe my horse, please?" said Benny, "one of its feet has come right off." The smith laughed, but did not say "No" to the little boy. He had a kind \ heart. /So he took the horse from the little boy, and soon made it all right again for him. Benny then went on his way home, pulling his , horse behind him.

ANNIE RICHARDSON.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am writing you this letter, hoping that I can become a member of the " Children's Corner," and am sending you a piece of poetry, called,

===== 0002601_19060630_art0207.txt | included=true | included =====
LITTLE DUCKS.

• " What are these things," one little • duck Unto his brother eaid, "Who come to see us every day, And throw us crumbs of bread'!" "They look so-likippy and so glad, Their faces are so bright; ' They laugh, as though to see us here. Was quite a pleasant sight." "I don't know what they're called at all," The other duckling said; "I only know it's nice by two Stith dear things to be fed." "They never come and swim like us; "They haven't winks," said he: "But, if they's not two little ducks, I'm sure they ought to be." —From MABEL REDMAN.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l wish to become one of the members of the "Children's Corner League." lam 12 years old, and am in, the seventh standard.

• Yours truly, HORACE MARLERI

===== 0002601_19060630_art0208.txt | included=true | included =====
0. HOVIIS ei RO

Makes

Strong Soya and Okla

Makes Sound and Good Tooth.

, ir r ac6i , Z ,Thoes, i_ .a inclard 01 Porgy: w _ -- -

/ -,-.-- 00 -- ill ._--_: ~ 44._41( , ..---. 6„....,,......:, -• = ''..ea...• ---:-.E. \ ,v• ---e--,(-c- , .• ..,,,_, -_. -.,„, ~,,.. ... ~, .....,) . ..7rDP- .:, - t, , ... qvirs *T. • , ).- • N, ' 4' •,'. _ -- PERHAPS Tee ere not ICQUainted with the delicious flavor of MASON'S ESSENCE OF COFFEE et CHICORY in which ease we shall be pleased to send you a free sample upon receipt of a Pictorial Postcard addressed to NEWHALL a MASON, NOTTINGHAM.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0209.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;-•

===== 0002601_19060630_art0210.txt | included=true | included =====
motigers ana street hawkers, and to Serve the passing cyclist, as shown in the picture. As there are so many other people besides cyclists who will demand this improvement, it will probably not be 16ng delayed.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0211.txt | included=true | included =====
A Trade Triumph.

I

t LOCAL ADDRESSES F CRABTREE; Bridge St., Warrington. J. AUSTIN,66, King St., Earlestown.

W. COOK, & Co., 152, Peasley Cross Lane, St Helens.

The tender of the New Hudson Cycle Co., for the exclusive supply of bicycles to the IndiaGffice, has been accepted by the Government authorities for the twelve months beginning on Ist June. This is not the only public department which has looked favourably on the products of this firm, and at their Birmingham factory' the company have a special department set apart for the use of the Government viewers, appointed to inspect the machines in course of construction.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0212.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;',0052 I .

===== 0002601_19060630_art0213.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

JUNE. FROM WARRINGTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 14, 740, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 255; a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 mu. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. :rnd N.-W.)- 5 22, 530, a 7 5, 8 35, 9 58, lull 20. 11 42, hll 55, 11 55. a.m. 1 50, 4 46, c 6 28, 6 28, 7 20, 8 45, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 60, p.m. b Saturdays only. c Wednesdays and Saturdays only. a Mondays only., Blackpool (L. and N.-W.Talbot-road)-5 30, a 7 5, 8 35, 9 58, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. bl 50, 1 50, 4 46, 6 28, 7 20, 8 45 p.m. Sundays 8 43,a.m. 6 0 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdayspnly._ 4

Chester-7 36 .8 17 *9 " 10 03 11 31 a.m. 12 30, , ) 1 40, 1 53, 230, 3 19, 4 22,5 6, 6 4, 7 44, 10 20, 11 35 p.m. Sundays 8 44, 10 35 a.m. 745, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green-7 5, 85, 8 25, 10 10,10.55 a.m. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 5 15, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40,, 9 25, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 36,.9 sa.m. 12 30, 230,3 19, 5 6, 6 44, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64, 744 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 7 5, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35,9 25, 10 10, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25,1 15. 245, 345, 8 50, 5 15, 6 37, 78, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30. all 30 p.m. a :faturdays only. Sundays 7 46, 8 35, 843 a.m. 5 10, 6 0, 7 57, 9 54 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55„3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 4! 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsbarn-7 36, 95,10 23 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19,1 422, 56, 6 4.744, 10 20, all 35 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75, 8 35, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 o..p:m.

Plelsby-7 30, 95, 11 31 a.m. 1230, 2 36, 3 19, 56, 64, 7 44, IQ 20 p.m. Sundays 8 44' a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam,Cadishead-7 0,7 508 8, 9 3 a.m. 2 2,4 38, 710, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 1811 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15,7 17, 7 55, 8 30,13 59, 955. 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, aBl3O, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-a4 40, 5 35, 7 5, 8 2, 8 50, 9 5, 9 50, 10 30. 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0, 12 50, 1 10, 1 50, 2 20, 2 50, 3 13, 3 50, 3 56, 4 5, 410. 4 50, 5 50, 5 57, 6 50, 7 5, 7 50, 8 0, 8 50, 8 53, 9 23, 9 40, clO 0, 10 35, blO 37, bll 10, 11 26, 11 39 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted. Sundays 440, 5 35, 9 0,9 45, 955, 11 2.2 a.m. 2 20, 2 39, 4 46, 6 0, 7 10,8 28, 9 18, 1020, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, a 5 25, 7 5, 85, 8 23, 8 25; 9 25, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 155, 2 45, 3 20,3 45, 3 47, 5 15 5 15, 6 17, 7 8, 7 40, b 8 0, 9 25, blO 0, 10 30, bll 30 p.m. a Mondays on,ly. b Saturdays only. Sundays, 4 51, 530, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 5 10, 60,89, 9 54 p.m. Lymm-6 15 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, aB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdaysnly from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, 1-)11 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 56, it 4 45, b 4 56, 5 SO, a 7 5 b 7 5. 8 5, 8 26, 8 35, 9 19, 9 25, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 18, 1 15, 2 41, 245, 3 31, 426, 5 15, 5 53, r 6 33, 7 20, 86, 9 22, 10 30 p.m. a Mondays only. b Mondays excepted. Sundays 2 56, 456, 746 a.m. 5 15, 6 0, 7 57, 9 3 p.m.' Manchester (C. L.C.)-a6 55, 70, 7 50, 8 8, 8 55, 9 3,,9 55, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55, a.m. 12 55,11 55, 22, 2 55, 3 55, 4 55' 4 58, 5 55, 6 '55, 7 10, 7 55,8. 35, 855, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2,1311 25, 11 50 p.m a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 845 9 37, 10 18, 11 32 a.m \ 3 0,3 15, 4 56, 5 0, 7 18, 8 53, , 9 25, 9 35„10 0 p.m. Moore-740, 810, 1020, a.m. 125. 110, 255, a 3 35, 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 56, h 4 45,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 35, 919,9 25,10 10,10 40,10 55, 11 55, a.m. 12 18,12 25, 1 15, 1 50, 2 45, 3 31, 3 50, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22, 10 23, 1030, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 7 46, 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 93, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays Only. b Monolays only. I Padgate-7 0,, 750, 88, 8 35', 935, 10 35,11 22 a.m. 12 18, 1 41, 25, 3 55, 4 58, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 35, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 35 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15,6 17, so, 10 0 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 8 2,9 5, 100, 11 5 a.m. 120, bl 0, al 8, 25, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 28, 75, 80. 90, blO 0, all) 37,11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 22 a.m. 239, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-730. 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 A.M. 1 55, 3 20,8 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m.

St. Helens (L. Sz N.-W.)-7.5, 8.25, 10.10, 10 51, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37„r8, 7,40, 8.0„ 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 0.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0,8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only.

S'outhport C.L.C.-7.5. 8.35, 9.36, 10.25, 11.2, a.m., 1.27, 3.18, 4 10, 53, 6.20, 7.40, 9.0, 10.35, p.m. Sundays, 9.35. am. 2.6,9.7. p.m.' Thelwal 1-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55.19 53, a.m. 1233, 1 11, 2,20, 335, 40, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, aS 30, 025 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Statian. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 5, 835, 9 58, 10 55, 11 42' 11 55 a.m. 115, 150, 350, 446, 515, 6 28, 7 20, 845, 98, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 3 35, 6 0, 9 54p.m: Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95; 10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, blB. 2 5, 3 23, 4 10,15 28, 6 28, 7 5, 8 0, 9 0, alo 0, blO 37 p.m. a Saturdays only, b Saturdays excepted.

Sankey Bridges-7 13, 945 n.m. 12 7, 28,3 31 58,66,7 2, 9 18 p.m. Sundays 8 26 a.m. 31, 8 6 p.m. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-6 20, 6 30, 6 55. 8 0, 8 30, 90. 11 10, 11 20 a.m. 1 0,1 32,1 55.2 45,62 50, 4 27, 4 3:3, 520. 6 29, 6 55, 7 25, 8 50, 10 25, a 10 45, all 35 p.m. Sundays 745, 750 a.m. 25, 6 55, 7 23, 95. a Saturday. only: - Southport-710, 8 15. 8 58. 10 43, 11 0, 12 40 n.m. 1 45, 2 40. 37, 3, 4 15,5 55, 70, 100. Sundays ,8 33 am. 2 10, 857 p.m. Thelwall-7 51, 8 36,18 18, 9 58, 11 7 a.m. 1_ 15, . .. . _ __ _ _ _ _

_ al 41, 2 9, 2 55, 3A4, 422 b 5„, 35, 6 3, 6 45, 7 35,9 477, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. 2 59, 719 p,m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (L. ami N.-W.)-a2 39, 1,3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17, 9 54, 10 0, 11 33 a.m. 12 5, 1 23, 2 30, 3 27, 4 20,4 56. -5 20 6 55. 74, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 030 a.m. 3 25, 651, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. h Mondays only. Widnes (0.L.C.)-8 17, 925, 109, 10 45 a.m. 12-I, 12 25, 1 20, 2 25, 3 34, 4 25, 5 15, 15, 7 15, 8 20, 9 22, all 10 p.m. a Saturdays only. Widnes (L. and N.-W.)-7 2, 8 45, 9 34, 10 39, 11 551a.rq. 1252, Ir, 3 20,3 58, 4 55, 5 55, 6 50,9 6, 11 6 p.m. Sunday 814 a.m. 2 50, 7 54, 11 6 p.m.

With all kinds of fruit Piastnon Cream Made in a few minutes with PLASMON. and boiling water! The concentrated ..nourishment of pure milk, .. . Delicious recipes in every packet

Of all Grocers, Chemists, and Stores.

Plasmon Ld.. Farringdon St., London.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0214.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 32,7 40, 8 54, lb 57 a in. 12 19, a 2 49, 3 55, 4 41, 7 20, 8 28. Sundays 739 a in. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W.)-7 55, 8 35 9 55, 10 22 a,ra. 11.10, 1.3, al 30, 3 10, 55, 6 50;8 45, b 9 45, 10 5 a.m. Sundays 645 a in. ' 1 15,4 55' 845 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. , • Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 9, 8 25, 9 50,11 25, flan. 140,3 28, 520, 70, 8 45, 10 0,1030 p.m. Sundays 72 a.na. 1 37, 58,7 32 p.m. Chester-I 25, 84 20, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 20, 2 10, 30, 3 50, 5 20, 5 23;6 35, 735, 8 10. 850 p.m. Sundays 2 25; 4 20, 650 a.m. 6 55, 835 p.m. b Mondays excepted. Collins Green-6 40, 79, 8 45, 10 24, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 2 10, 3 5, 4 1, 5 38,6 42,7 47,9 6, alo 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Driresbury-8 1-1, 10 17, 11 18 a.m. 2 49, 62, 849 p.m. Sundays 723 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham 7 39, 952 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 5 35, " 6 47, 822 p.m. Sundays 648 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2, 7 13, 8 47, 850. 9 15, 9 45, 10 26, 10 28, 11 26 a.m. 1238, 1 14, 2 13, 3 27, 5 10, 543, 5 52, 6 55, 7 83, 8 8, 910, 934, a 1036, 10 47, all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 957, 103 a.m. 3 45, 7 24,10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 9, 8 53, 942, 10 45 a.m. 12 3, al2 57, 24, 3 27, 54, 62, 6 58, 914 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Saturdays only. Frodsham-7 54, 90, 101, 111. a.m. 231, 411, 5 44,6 59, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 72, a.m. 724 p.m. Golborne-6 -14, 8 26, 10 12,a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 4 31, 5 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42, a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 7 3 p.m. Helsby-7 46, 8 56, 057. 1057, a.m. 2 27, 47, 5 40, 6 54, 827, p.m. .Sunday 653, a.m. 7 18, p.m. Irlam and C..dishead-6 19, 6 48, 7 33, 9 53, a.m. 1 7, 4 54, 654, 8 55, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 921,11 0, a.m. 1 20, 2 22.6 55, 8 50, 10 0 p.m.. Latchford-7 55. 8 40, 9 22, 102, 11 11 n.m. 1 90, n 1 45, 2 13. 30. 388, 426, b 539. 67, 649, 739, 9 52, cll 32 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 13, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 86 30, 7 20, 7 40, 8 20, 8 30, 8 35, 8 43, 9 30, 9 33, 10 30. 11 5, 11 30, 11 33 a.m. 1230, 12 50, 10, 1 30,, 1 33,1 50, 230, 2 40, 2 43, 4 5, 4 30, 4 83, 4 43, 5 30, 5 33. 6 20, 6 35, 7 30, 735, 8 30, 8 33, 8 40, 9 30, 1)10 50, 11 0, 11 35 p.m. -a Mondays and Saturdays only. Saturdals only Sundays. 7 50, 90, 19 55, 11 15 a.m.. 2 20, 20 p.m._ _ _

Liverp;ol (I.:. & N.-W.)-2 35, 6 0, 6 10, 8 10, 8 35, 05, 9 30, 9 55, 11 Om.m. 12 23, 1 15, 1 30, 2 45, 30, 3 85, 4 20, 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25, 830, 90, blO 5, 10 13, hll 15 p.m.‘, a Mondays only. b SaturdayS only. Sundays 7 35,9208.11).2 10.6 30,.7 15,1045 p.m. Lymtn-7 48,8 32,0 14.9 54,11 3 a.m. 1 11, al 37, 2 5, 2 50, 3 30, 4 IS, b 5 31, 5 59, 6 41, 7-31, 9 43, 11 24 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Sundays S 15 n%M. 2 25, 7 15 p.m. Manchester (Central)-6 0, 6 30; 7 30, S 30, a 9 5, 930, 9 33, 105, 10 30, 1035, 11 30 a.m. 1230, 1250, 1 30, 2 30, 3 20, 3 45, 4 30, 4 35, 5 30, laG 0. 6 30, 6 35, 7 10, 7 30, 830 825, 9 20, 10 15, nlO5O, 11 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. h Saturdays except&l. Sundays 830,95, 925, i 30,10 40 a.m. 1 40,1 0,2 5, 5 40,6 35, 8 20,9 40 p.m. Manchester (L. and N.-W.)-7 5, )7 50, 9 25, 10 30, mm. 12 30, 15,2 0, 2 55,3 40, 50, 5 20, 65' 6 .55, 95, 10 50, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. Moore-6 56, 96,11 9 a.m. 14:02, 83 1, 48, 4 55, 733 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 458 pm, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only.

Newton-le-Willows-4 55, 7 20, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.ra. i25,ai5. nl2B, 144, 37, 4 48, 55, 5 38, 5 49, 6 27. 7 30, 85, 0 31, 10 3, 11 4, all Si p.m. Sundays 8 30. 9 50, 100 a.m. 3 40, 720, 11 7 p•rr. a Saturdays only. Padaate--6 30, ii 58, 7 55, 8 29,9 0, 10 3 a.ml. 1 20, _ 20, 5 5' 6 18, G 37. 7 5, 8 26, 9 6, 11 32 p.m. Sundays 8 52, 11 16 a.m. 2's3, 9 12, 10 14 p.m. Runcorn-4 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 1221, 14, 37, 4 40, 5 41, 30, 8 10. 10 10 p.m. , Sankey-8 0, 8 27, 9 37, 10 19, 19 55 a.m. 12 36, 1 114 140235343435596536 6 25 7 25 8 28 , , • , , . • • • I 1, 9 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 4 8,9 29 p.m.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0215.txt | included=true | included =====
,m, 1.. ......4 lir e ‘t. us , v ~: a \ !,, 5,.,..., ...4 :` ..,1 J , WITH ~ '''‘

jYature provides the Scruit .3ird" supplies the Custard: Ear- Cry them together. BIRD'S CUSTARD is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned, or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour, and imparts to them a grateful "

, _ 17 V •-:1'.'4,." .11Fir-01.411 ....e.„*.9oiirdvi...fabilia ,f.is A11.,.......e.*1r.. , .4.,,,,‘,AArir i .-7,.,---;,., •_-, -,,..„.....-..--4,Q...4_,n - , 117.*4 fl na ;•,..e4t-',., <clitr.. ..C.." . Nt .7. .-7e :"' ,*4' • ,v,';` _.: :•.-1. ';'. .f..., --, 77 . *:•''' lic. ~..- 4...,.. . . . t . S A W - Airtkviik, ( s.) • ra".' , ~,,... c. 4111r-16\11 . a., Seasonable Delicacies! . . - JUNE RA. JULY. . •-. DISHES FOR THESE MONTHS. i f ' 'e ~ • Strawberries & Custard. , Snood Bananas & Custard. ' Stewed Cherries & Custard. . Stewed ecteeeberries & Custard Stewed Raspberries & Custard. Stewed Red Currants &Custard Stewed Prunes 1 ...

• mellowness. I:As,

===== 0002601_19060630_art0216.txt | included=true | included =====
rigierqP4l"olqPiP. PATRONISICD BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, ETC

.4 STUDY TRUE ECONOMY, AND "0

===== 0002601_19060630_art0217.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. 9 PI 1

===== 0002601_19060630_art0218.txt | included=true | included =====
• -

The Cheapest Crepe De Chine Blouse ever Produced. 21/- BLOUSE FOR 12/11

MOM RETURNED IN FULL IF TOO ARE NOT SATISFIED. Perfect Fit. Full Sizes. CELEBRATED P F QUALITY. Colours—lvory, Sky, Pink, Ilelio., Vieux Raw, Grey, Browu. Price 1211 post free. FRED LONGLEY, Blouse Specialist, Aylesbury. F' Boglet. Mention Paper.

, Write to•day for my

===== 0002601_19060630_art0219.txt | included=true | included =====
T -rp HE 4 -CAA IN ER" PRINTING ()FMK • BRWSAT STRRET. WARRINGTON. EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING. J. WALKER & CO.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0220.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE TO

7i/Aws - w_PJ Ito

Frsmss, Wheats. &a., hallhprice, , 50 per ern! leas than other eattimna. Agents .Wanted. Don't elms sending V.C. for Free List.

Vhnlle Prteos. Cyc4l. Alotors et all AocessoriaL 6400 New wad Sol. hand Machines actually stouin

ALL.

CYCLES from M.

110. PAGE ILLUSTRATED CATALIOUL

WA. and Eadte's Wahines. Never suttl bargain Geared. Free. WARRILOW & CO. W9011414R8,

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered NO. 40,376 NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used in the }loyal Laundries. Should be uses in every house. Once rrisd, alas ace assured.. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched L'nen, Laces, as. It does not stick to spider-web-Ile materials. Sold everywhere in Packets at Id.. P., and 6d. each. PREPARED ~NLY BY

T. eRITCHLBT-.--iiim-iii. B LACKBEIHN. 7. W biteer.rs Street, LonCou,

'SEE THE SIGNAL"

TI RS 39 6? 14 Bellows 9°

NITS B,1.141.11.1.) FljM CHILDRE 'S HAIR by three applications of LIVESEY'S SUNFLOWER POMADE 4d , post free ; largo size, Is. W. 11. I.IVESEY, Chemist, Preston.

DIRECT. DIRECT. DIRECT. DIRECT A SINGLE PAIR OF ..0. AREHO MEN'S BOOTS WEARER BY POST Without Middle Profit.

Have you ever thought what large profit must be made on the Boots soul in some retail shops to uphold such elaborate establish- ments? "And Who Pays for it ?" But by direct dealing with the Warehouse all that is altered, for having no show to uphold the buyer gets that benefit. To fully test this statement, send for a pair of THE POSTAL BOOT COMPANY'S new range of Boots in Kid Leg Calf-split Golosh Bals. at 7s. ficl.. or Real Box Calf Bals. at is. 3d. and os. 6d., Open Tab. os. od. or Real Derby at los., in which strength .and ease is skilfully combined with style. . .

The.se Roots are made in all Sizes and Fittings irons 6 to tx, and to be had only. on receipt of Postal Order, from Messrs. GPLIZNER & ecomprustY. POSTAL BOOT DEPOT, 704 a, Adnitt Rd., Northampton.' In ordering please state if Narrow, Mediom, or Wide Toes are required.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., " EXAMINER " OFFICE.

INVOICES, Ruled or Ploin, printed to any size or roittern on b ue, white or fancy paper. A LIDRESS or VIz.,ITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

11RCLAE6 in the neaten style. from modern 1./ type, and of the best workmanship.

PROGRAMMER for Entrlrtainment Concerts &c.. In the latest artistic style.

PECI A L foci,' ties for all kilns of ka)UCATION 0

SICK, RECEIPT, and EUBSCRIP lON BOOKS Printed. Bound. Numbered and Perforated to order.

HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities. cheap and effective,

H 1 MN PAPERS for School, Sermons, tervices of Song. Festivals. to.

CATALOGUE.? fur Public Ind Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesman.

LISPS Printed on curd or paper lll4e trated, It required.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

PRINIING.

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. DANCES: CONCERTI.

BAZAARS. SPORTS.

MEETINGS. SERVICES,

TEA PARTIES. ANSOUNCENIENTS. AtttntlOn k Invited to our lbw FQONTS OF IYINI ard WOOD LETTER for Large Posters. FOR ALL RINI'S OF NEAT PCIITRES EXTRA LARGE SIZE, 40 x 60 One Sheet.

JOHN WALKER & Co.

"I XAMINER " OFFICH. W ARHUS GTON

T BLEFRONIS N 0 ~,,,z-V. Oth, 1 •

0 iab u 't The

II _, , ,7-:-...±-7.-- , ...__.: . r.„ g- _.-g EATING'S ' , ~,,,. ._, 1 ,-,•_.‘--- --'-:-. POW DE R m . ,_„.._...... . „15 SUGS,FLEAS. ' , 'VII' MOTHS,BE_ETLEJ. r _ ~ .MERRY-WEATHERo t44.1m, , 5..r.r0*:0 ‘ .. ... .... .....;-,, •k„, ...... , , •,..;,,,,,....,,tr,,, :.....,"":;.,,,,..,_•-- -;.,.:.... ..............,N..../ --- CLASS . CARDEN HOSE 1 Gs.s LONG, ACRE.I—,ONDON. -i• LARGEST MAKERS OF Hir_Th CLASS HOSE IN Ti-IL WORLD,

LEND A POSTCARD “JOHN STRANGE WINTER." 14, West Ken- sington Mansions. London, W.. Asking for Free Particulars of J. S. W. TOILET PRE- PARATIONS, which never fail to Beautify the Ham and t3kin. Write at once. DELAYS ARE DANGEROUS.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0221.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19060630_art0222.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_19060630_art0223.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19060630_art0224.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
P

===== 0002601_19060630_art0225.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

_ Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

The Savage Suffragettes. Sir,—Your leaderette under this heading is a remark- able one. vrom the rancorous tone of it, one would imagine that the writer was condemning some unclean thing. The language used is not altogetaer gallant and one hesitates to take him seriously. Even if the ladies do "want mental balance "there is surely no need for him to hope that they may be sent to gaol. Mr. Maddison, who is not unknown in Warrington, said in Parliament the other evening that" they were nothing else than female hooligans.". Now, Sir, you must know that a lady of Miss Billing. ton's reputation does not create such disturbances out of any desire for pleasure or amusement. There can be no great joy in being dragged through the streets by burly policemen. There must be some reasons for their actions, and when you have taken the trouble to inquire what those reasons are you will doubtless treat them with a little more kindness and respect. These women are deeply in earnest, and if they do create disturbances and commit technical offences they are doing so with the object of bringing their cause— votes for women—to the notice of the people. Such actions are self-condemnatory. They cannot expect to get votes by such behaviour. The votes will be got by those ladies who have either held aloof from the move- ment or who have condemned the unladylike tactics of their sisters. They will step in when the dirty work is done. Twas ever thus.—Yours truly, EDMUND OSBORNE. 25, Lovely Lane, Warrington. 2lith June, 1906.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0226.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS

Cricket. Owing to the pressure on our spaoe caused by the Walking Day programme, we have been obliged to omit our Cricket Notes this week. •

===== 0002601_19060630_art0227.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

The first round of the Warring-ton Works Competition for the Finlayson cup was completed on Saturday and after a rest this week end, play in the second round will be commenced on July 7th. Saturday's matches were not productive of much excitement, in each case the victorious teams winning by a handsome margin. Forshaw's should have met Whitecross 2nd team but they failed to put in an appearance and the wirepullers were awarded a walk over.

Iu the match between Fletchers (11) and Warrington Wire Ropery, Fletchers at once went to the front and a lead of eight gained as the result of the first game was gradually increased until with six men off the green 34 points separated the teams. In the end Fletchers won by 81. The hardest fought game was between W. Makens and T. Bridge. The first two points were divided) and the players kept level until the Bth end when Hickens went to the front and with a good run •carried the score to 13-5. Bridge then took up the funning and at the 24th end peeled the score by 14 all. Hickens gained the odd point.

Orford Tannery were in arrears throughout their game with Rylands (No. 1) who half-way through the match had scored Si points to their opponents 30. The Temaining games were more evenly contested, and at the close of play Rylands had qualified for the second round. The best game of the match was between W. Roughley and J. Makin. After ten ends Roughley tris behind, being 3-9. Two more ends saw him 4.10, when 'llhe came to the front in a surprising manner, and with a good run went to 13-12. He was, however, unable to again score, and lost a hard-fought game by two points.

It is hoed to complete the second round by July 14th, and steps will then be taken to commence the con- solation competition for teams of six a-side. It is intended to run the consolation and the con- cluding rounds of the competition proper together so that the finals of both can be played on the same day.

Many of the local co-operative employs are enthusiastic trundlers and they held their second main for the season on Tuesday afternoon. Play was over the Penketh Tannery green and after some exciting play the winners were placed as follows 1, W. Kay, (owes 6) ; 2, W. Ford (scr) ; 3, A. Molvneux (2); 4, F. Moerfleld (5). The final was particularly interesting as Kay barely succeeded in winning by the odd point.

--- The Warrington Conservatives are fortunate in iaumbering amongst their patrons Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart„ and a silver cup which he presented for competi- tion was played for on Saturday. There were a large number of entries and the handicapping generally was exceiient and productive of close finishes. The cup, and silver medal which accompanies it was won by 1 Holland who, after conceding two points to F. Rutter won ' 15-13. F. Rutter as the second prize winner secured a silver medal. W. Millington (scr) and T. Horrobin (scr) were placed third and fourth 'respectively. The cup presented by Sir Gilbert Greenall to the Junior Conservatives was won by H. Wellaovho defeated J. Wilkinson in the final 15-10.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0228.txt | included=true | included =====
WIRRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS The Extension Question.

II

"41

A muting ef the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, Mr. Billinge pre- :siding. 'These were also present :—Mrs. Clay, Miss Broadbent, Mnssrs. W. Hickman, A. J. Jolley, E. L. Bent, R. Bolton, J. Payton, A. Brooks, G. Mather, J. Cook, W. Flannagan., T. Ritchie, M. W.-Seton, J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), A. Wright (superintendent of Padgate School).

- , LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD INSPECTOR ATTENDS. 'I he CLERK introduced Mr. Elias, the successor to Mr. Moorsotfi as assictant inspector to the Local Govern- ment Board, who attended the meeting. The CHAIRMAY welcomed Mr. Elias and expressed the hope that his relations with the Board would be of the saracreordial character as those of his predecessor. A GUARDIAN'S BEREAVEMENT. The CHAIRMAN said that since their last meeting one ef their most rsieemed colleagues—Mr. S. Davies— bad been called to -pass through a very severe bereave- ment in the death of his dear wife. Mr. Davies was a very cold and respected Guardian and was probably the oldest Guardian for the Borough of Warrington. He (Mr. Biillinge) was stre he would be expressing the feeling of the Board when he moved a vote of condol- ence witlt Mr. Davies. Mr. BOLOOKY seconded and the Board signified their approval by standing. THE COTTAGE HOMES. At a meeting of the Cottage Homes Committee, applications for the position of foster mother of No. 3 home were considered, and it was agreed to ask the following to attend the next meeting of the Committee : -IMiss Alice A. Bennett, Mrs. E. 11Iaddock, Miss Mary Walsh. and Mrs. A. Brooks ; their reasonable travelling expenses to be paid out of the superintendent's petty cash. The report of the Inspector on the work of the school and its general condition was further considered, and it was agreed that an additional teacher was neces- sary, and that accordingly an advertisement he issued setting forth that one be appointed to live outside, the salary to be for a certificated woman teacher at the rate of £O5 a year, and for an mcertificated teacher 243. The minutes were approved on the motion of Mr. 1 MATHER, seconded by If rs. CL AY. atOF. COMMITEE. At a meeting of this committee M:ss Hedgecock was appointed probationer nurse in the plaoeof Miss Stewart on the usual terms. The granting of leave of absence to I the inmates on Walking Day was left to the discretion I of the Master.

AN UNC:A:AL REQUEST. A letter was read from Michael McDermott, now chargeable to the Guardians at the Lingfield Colony, asked the Guardians to emigrate himself and family to Canada. He said the Salvation Army offered reduced passages to men like himself and men had gone from that colony and were doing well. The CLERK. said the Board had not so far sent people to Canada and the matter would w int a great deal of consideration. Mr. BROOKS moved that the matter be referred to the House Committee and said he was not sure whether a little more money expended in that direction would not be well spent. Mr. Max-FtEn seconded and it was agreed to. At a House Committee meeting held after the Board meeting the master was instructed to ascertain the cost of complying with Mc Dermott's request. VIE EXTENSION QUESTIoN. The CLERK said it would be remembered that the Board instracted Messrs. William and Segar Owen to prepare plans for tte erection of additional buildings. The Local Government Board consented to the loan but the Guardians ultimately deferred further procedure for twelve months. More than twelve months had now expired and Messrs. Owen wrote asking what their position would be. They had a bill of £lO9 2s. 6d. and the effect of their letter was that assuming at some future time the new block of buildings would be carried out, credit would be given in respect of the present account. While it seemed to be perfectly correct, it was, he thought, fair that the House Com- mittee should consider the whole matter. At the close of the Board meeting the House Com- mittee considered the matter and unanimously recom- mended the Board to pay the acconnt,

pob. the effe,_ future time , carried out, credit present account. Whi., correct, it was, he thought, mittee should consider the whole At the close of the Board meeting t..- mittee considered the matter and unanimo,_ mended the Board to pay the accouat,

===== 0002601_19060630_art0229.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;

===== 0002601_19060630_art0230.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19060630_art0231.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
~

===== 0002601_19060630_art0232.txt | included=true | included =====
" r It! , 4 ,

-

London, who had been annOunced to speak. Pro- ceeding he said the society had been in existence for a year and „they had perfect right to ask what they had done. Naturally they had attended to organization' and had established branches in every ward in the town. He regarded that as a most important step as it was evident that the people who lived in any particular part of the town were the people who were best able to say what wanted doing in that part of the town, and he thought the different branches would render very great assistance to the work of the society, Com- mittees had also been appointed to attend to the different objects which they had in mind. The plans of the committee were now complete and he looked forward to some very useful work being done in the near future. They had done a little tree planting and he thought they would agree that where trees had been planted a great improvement had been made. Canon Stevenson explained that a plan was being prepared of the parts of the town in which trees could be planted. They wanted to plan out the town so that the work could be done by degrees, and he hoped it would lead to their having a tree-planting day upon which as many people as possible would plant a tree. Canon Stevenson also illustrated the work of the society in the encour- aging the use of window boxes. He was sorry to say that one great drawback to window boxes was that some people had stolen the plants from them and from the front gardens of peoples' houses. Of course no member of the society would think for a moment, of doing such is thing and he asked the members of the society to let it be known that if there was a person who was anxious to have a plant and could not afford to buy it if he would come to the society they would do all they could to help him, and he appeal to him not to dis- courage others who were working to make the town beantiful,by robbing their gardens and window boxes. The flower show which they proposed to hold in September was not for rich people who had highly paid gardeners but for workmen aed children to whom prizes would be given to encourage them in growing flowers. He would like to refer to the backyards. Travelling between Manchester ond Liverpool he saw many back yards. Some were very pretty and others were, well-- ! He hoped people would consider the condition of their backyards and realize what excellent places they could be mild°. He wanted them to dream with him one or two dreams. In Oldham they were thinking seriously of making a garden city suburb. U they could do that at Oldham why could they not do the same in War- r ington, and instead of the houses being put down just as the builder liked, make a suburb where the working man could have a nice little home in healthy surround- ings and with gardens ? It was well worth considering He had learnt another idea from Philiadelphia. There builders were approached to allow vacant plots of land to be used as gardens until such time as they were built upon. Why should they not approach builders to allow vacant land to to be used as gardens on condition - that the plants were taken away when they wanted to build? That again was a plan worthy of consideration. Canon Stevenson urged the desirability of people keeping the streets clean by refraining from throwing paper, S:c upon them and pointed out the work of the society in e this direction by the issuing of circulars to every house - cl holder. He also referred to the smoke question and . expressed the hope that the valuable information col- lected by Dr. Markel would resulttin good work being commenced. He had an idea that if they could only get the stokers of the town '!ogether,and have a tea and talk and imbue them with the idea that as a point of honour they should make as little smoke as possible a very great improvement would be effected. Canon Stevenson also emphasised the work of the society in inducing children to take an interest in the movement and expressed their indebtedness to Mr. Longshaw for ,his work as secretary of the juvenile branch. In con- clusion he said that alt' ough the first year had been one of organizing work it had not been a year without good work. They had been moving and were moving and he thought that before very long they would see definite results. (Applause). They must all do their best to kindle in the town a spirit of love for the beautiful and then they could be assured that in a few years they would see in the wards of the town a very different aspect from that presented to-day. (Applause). OTHER ADDRESSES. Mr. BECK said he was very glad that the society had started the herculean task of making Warrington beautiful and he thought that in the first year of their existence they had done very well. The things to which they had to turn their attention were—first, smoke second, dirt in the streets ; third, dirt in the homes; and fourth dirty people in the streets. The conditiori of some of the Warrington streets was inferior to thr of many towns he had visited. That was of cour, within the area of the Town Council and to draw the attention of therouncil to that matter would not, be thought, be very difficult. He had been down certain. streets in Warrington and seen what was common to all towns—dirty homes—and that they wanted to eradicate. In one district which he had visited certificates We given for the cleanliness of homes and a great impOl:n ment had thereby been effected. The condition of the it .t in the streets was also not peculiar to Warrington was peculiarly British. He knew of no country on the continent and in America in which dirty men travelled about as they did in Englexrd. It seemed to be a peculiarly British custom for a man to leave his work in his dirt and to remain dirty for hours and honrs. Fir sincerely trusted that the anticipatory term Beata& I Warrington would become concrete and would e the region of fact as the result of the work of society. (Applause.) Mr. E. J. HA LL spite with special reference to tree planting and the use of window boxes. The society ia its tree planting did not wish to encroach upon the work of ithe3Town Council whose duty it was to plant trees in the main strets and public gardens. What they wanted to do was to get into the more squalid parts of the town and to bring a little beauty where it was most needed and where it was most absent. In fact their work was to try and make desolate places rejoice and to make the wilderness blossom as the rose. (Applause.)

CAPTAIN CROSFTELD AND THE SN.i.OKE NUISANCE. _Captain CROSFIELD dealt briefly with the smoke nuisance. What was the good, he asked, of living until they were 90 or 100 if they woke up in the morning in the midst of smoke and grime feeling like a piece of chewed string? (Applause). It was impossible for anyone to retain his vitality if he lived in a smoky atmosphere. The question was what could they do to prevent this ? They were apt to put the blame upon the manufacturer. No doubt he was a great sinner, but they were equally great sinners, and by the use of tho hest coal and the careful !attention to the Putting of coal on fires they could do a great deal to bring about an improvement. He advocated evolution and not revolution, and hoped the Smoke Abatement Committee would go 'thoroughly into that question in the coming year, as there was no doubt it was about the most important which they had to tackle. (Applause). Mr. J. MooRE Mt:llTR' spoke briefly upon the forma- tion and the work of the the juvenile branch of the society. The branch was formed, he explained, because the' knew that very little would result from the efforts of the parents unless the children were taught to respect and takh care of the trees and flowers planted. Eighteen months ago there was nothing in their schools in the way of ornament and the visitor would now bestir prised to find the window-ledges with boxes containing beautiful flowers. He appealed to the prrents to assist them. Unfortunately they got the assistance of the parents where it was least needed, and where it was 'Zesired it was little given. (Applause). Mr. H. N. HOUGHTos referred to the disfiguring of the walls of the town by the striking of matches, and urged that somethirr, should be done to stop the practice. The Rev. J:HOWARD suggested that by public sub- scription they should form a departmont where poor people could go, and being properly accredited, have plants given to them. This suggestion was endorsed by Mr. DARLINGTON, who said he thought the Society could only justify its existence by giving help to poor people in whom they raised an inspiration. (Hear, hear.) ALDERMAN BENNETT AND ARTISAN

DWELLTNGS. Alderman BENNETT, in moving a vote of thanks to the Chairman and officers for their past services, said he thought they had every reason for encouragement, and that during the first year it had been in harness the Society had amhly justified itself. (ffear, hear). He desired to refer to workmen's dwellings. The absolute ugliness, nay, the indescribable hideousness of the average house of the artisan class baffled descrip- tion. It was ndt necessary that they should be so uniformly ugly, as be was sure there was a suqicient capacity amongst the architects of the town if they used their brains to build a house at a reasonable rent, which was not so atrociously depressing and out of harmony with other buildings which they saw in their towns. (Applause). Mr. W. H. J. JEKtivs, in seconding, heartily com- mended the operations of the juvenile branch. The vote was heartily accorded, and a brief reply by the Chairman concluded the meeting.

Death of Mrs. H. A. Thompson. , We record with n.gret the death, which took place- on Friday niallt at Baurnemouth• where she wls spending a holiday, of Mrs. Thompson, wife of Ur. K. A. Thompson, the Warrington 'agent for the Midland - Railway. An inquest on the body of the deceased lady was held on Saturday, when a verdict of "Death from heart failure" was returned. Mrs. 'Thompson was apparently quite well when she•left 'Warrington on Thursday at midnight, and it is believed that the hot weather may have had something to do with her suddden collapse. The body was brought to Warring- ton on Monday, and interred in the Cemetery ott Tuesday. Much sympathy is felt for Mr. Thompson • and his family in their sad loss. Warrington.-i--printed and published by JOHN WALKilli & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-street, and published by them at the ssal place, and lilso at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-r°?. Wirins: 32, George-street. ST. HELENS: 3, Mal_!..te,. street, EARLBSTOWN; Chtirclp•street RllNcop‘, 30th. 1906. • • r ,;•

• t • s .• , ' ' r t 4* ~lon that .rse te en 4 i thelt ' . . - . . ~. . . , ~ ' , ‘,.. '.:N • .....--.. .. * ~ ...0 , ..-Q.:.... .. - • , .1. ' t , ' 4 -

I

===== 0002601_19060630_art0233.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I .

===== 0002601_19060630_art0234.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060630_art0235.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKING DAY. PREPARATIONS FOR TO-MORROW'S

Messrs. Crosfield's Prize Band. On returning a service will be held in the Parish Church and the afternoon will be spent in St. Elphin's Park. Tea will be provided and the band will play for dancing. FAIRFIELD (Gums) :—Number of scholars on books, 140 infants; 350 girls; number of teachers, 20; clergy, the Rector; superintendent, Miss E. White. The scholars will join in the procession with the other . Parish Church Schools and in the afternoon there will To-morrow (Friday) will be given u to pageantry be sports and dancing in St. Elphin's Park. and festivity in Warrington. Walking Day —that ST. GEORGE'S MISSION :—Number of scholars curate -in beoye,v4.soTgirls. ;anußniarrtilf. teachers, 40 greatest day of all days to the youth of the town—will Band under the leadership ofMr.SmiMbandmaster),will once more be celebrated with that whole-hearted l enthusiasm which has ever characterised the festival, lead the children who will join with the other Parish The children are thinking of nothing else. It may be Church Schools. fatiguing to join in the long march through the town, ST. CLRMENT'S MISSION :—Number of scholars but they enjoy it quite as much as the thousands of on books, 270 boys, 330 girls ; number of teachers, 30 ; delighted spectators who line the streets. And then curate-in-charge and superintendent, Rev. T. W. Barber. there is the new finery which has to be donned for the Headed by the banners of St. Clement and St. Peter and the band of the Farm School, Newton-le-Willows, great occasion. In many cases it represents self- -I.l,l:tecrhititellereilwilljoin the other Parish Chuech School?. sacrifice on the part of poorly-circumstanced parents, . day will be spent in sports and dancing in but this is ungrudgingly borne. For this is the chile St. Elphin's Park. Tea will be provided and in the dreu's day and there must be nothing to detract from evening a dance will be held at St. Clement's. their pleasure. The all-absorbing question at present I ST. PETER'S :—Number of scholars on books 63e, is : Will the weather be fine ? The unsettled con- I boys 330, girls 332; average attendance: 500 ; number ditions have giVen some anxiety this week, for lof teachers, 20 ; clergy, Revs.B.Percival and H. Russell; a wet Walking Day is a dire calamity. officers, churchwarden, Mr. J. Bamforth, Captain Higson However, prospects have improved a great deal, and sidesmen. The procession promises to be a very and the townspeople are looking forward hopefully : attractive one.lt will be headed by thesEelean Band and I will include a number of childreri attired as milionaidslin to the morrow. Only given suushine, and the , dainty dresses of purple and white. There will be several Walking Day of 1900 will, we are sure, be quite as prettily decorated lurries. After the procession a short !successful as any which the old town has seen. At , service will be held in the church. The afternoon will one time there was some talk of altering the date— i be spent in a field adjoining the Barracks where tea will in fact of merging Walking Day into the August be served, and there will be the usual races and games. Bank Holiday—bet there were strong drgaments on I ST. PAUL'S :—Average attendance' boys 320, girls, both sides and the townspeople as a whole did not ! 350. In addition to the children 100 men from the seem to favour the idea. For many weeks scheol Men's Bible Class, and 100 women from the Women's ; pible Class‘ will h take 4 part in the procession. officials have been busy pushing forward Numberthe.arrange- mp.superintendents, Mr. iNir. ;A.vica Jro,neßvev(.boWys.),l3;frse- ments and there will be nothing wanting on their aeti part to ensure a happy day. From an early hour the Bracecamp (girls). The Ardwick Green Industrial Band, 1 I which was such a success last year,has again been engaged streets will present animated scenes. The youngsters will be soon astir, for most of them hae-e to be at : At 9 o'clock the band will meet All Saints' scholars at their respective schools by nine o'clock at the latest, the mission and escort them to Kendrick-street schools Then the processions gay with banners and headed , where they will join the procession of the mother by bands discoursing lively airs, will move on their church of St. Paul's. The band wilt then move to the way to the lawn facing the Town Hall—the place of head oes f the combined procession which will proceed to the Park and afterwards rounce the town and up Bewsey assembly of the Church of England and Nonconformist street to St. Paul's church. At eleven o'clock an open schools. Here the work of marshalling the youthful air service will be held opposite St. Paul's church. The hosts—a task by no means light—will be undertaken ' afternoon will be spent in the field at Bewsey Farm by two gentlemen who have for many years rendered kindly lent by Messrs. Hatton and Reid. The band will yeoman service in that capacity—Councillor J. G. play from three to six o'clock and the usual sports will Craik and Mr. R. T. Fairclough. Promptly at ten be engaged in. Tea will be provided. o'clock the signal will be given for the Blue Coat i ALL SAINTS' MlSSlON:—Established 1839. Number School children—who always have the place of honour of scholars on b00k5,457 ; average attendance,4l4 ; num- -to lead off the procession through the centre arch. ' ber of teachers 20 ; curate-in-charge, The Rev. R. H. , Bowen : superintendent, Mr. W. A. R. Goss. The chil- The schools will leave in the following order : i dren will take part in the procession along with the (1) Blue Coat School and Band. i mother church of St. Paul's, and the afternoon will be (2) Padgato Industrial School and Band. spent in Bewsey farm grounds where, there will be the t (3) Parish Church and St. Helen's Church,Holinfare, usual sports. and Crosfield's Band. 1 ST. ANN'S :—Number of scholars on books, 330; (4) St: George's Mission and Pioneer Band. ' number of teachers, 23; clergy, Rev. J. Davies, vicar, (5) St. Clement's Mission and Band of Newton Rev. 3. R. M. Chaplin, curate ; superintendents, Miss Davies, Miss R. Bunch: treasurer, Miss M. Rigbey. Farm School. 1 The children will assemble at St. Ann's Parish Schools (6) St. Peter's School and .Eolian Band. at 8.45 and march, headed by Walker's Band, to the (7) St. Paul's and Ardwick Green Industrial Band. t Town Hall and join in the general procession. returnnig (8) St. Ann's and Walker's Band. Ito St. Ann's Parish Church for service. At three (9) Holy Trinity and Walton Band. 1 o'clock tea will be served in the schools and afterwards (10) St. Luke's. . I games and competitions will be indulged in in the field, (11) Factory Yard Mission. I near Orford Hall, kindly lent for the occasion by Mr. (12) St. James' and Volunteer Band. e B. C. Shaw. Beforealismissing the prizes gained in the (13) St. Barnabas' and Preston Brook Bond. I different competitions will be distributed. I HOLY TRINITY :—Number of scholars on books (14) Emmanuel Reformed Church, 279 (boys 107, girls 172) ; average attendance, 210 ; (15) Buckley-street and Legh-street Band. , number of teachers, 19 ; clergy, Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, (16) Salvation Army and Band. 'M.A. vicar, ; Rev. J. Morgan Price, B.A.7curate„. secre- (l7) Ragged School and Drum and Fife Band. I tary, Mr. J. J. Hesketh. The children will walk round The usual route —Arpley-street, Wilson Patten- town in the morning beaded by Walton Band and at street and Bridgeestreet—will be fallowed. As far as ' 1.0 o'clock will proceed by special train to Frodsham can be gathered, the procession will not present many 1 where the usual games will be indulged in and tea will new features tut will as in former years be mainly be provided. They will return about 9.0 p.m. i imposing as a demonstration of strength. Each school , ST. LUKE'S.—Number of scholars on books, 150 girls ; itiveevraglei. attendance, 300 tt, number of will have its large ,banner, with ribbons held by , boys, teachers, curate-in-charge daintily-attired little girls; and innumerable flags and I Messrs T. Sutcliffe and R. Graham, secretaries. In will be carried by the children. St. I afternoon the children will adjourn to e field at Arpley Barnabas' school will display a new embroidered I where the usual sports will be held. banner with the figure of St. Barnabas' as centre } FACTORY YARD :—Established about 20 years. piece. The teachers of St. Peter's school are again Number of scholars on books, 93 boys, 135 girls ; aver- introducing a little novelty, for it has been arranged age attendance, over 200 ; number of teachers, 12 ; that groups of little children shall be dressed as clergy, Revs. E. C. E. Carleton and J. Morgan Price ; milkmaids in pleasing costumes of purple and white. , superintendent, Mrs. Carleton. The children will take In the afternoon there will be an invasion of fields part in the procession along with the scholars 6f Holy ' Trinity. In the afternoon the elder scholars will to in all parts of the district, where the youngsters will ! Frodslu'em and the juniors to a field in Arpley. I go be able to romp to their hearts' content. There will , , ST. BARNABAS' :—Number of scholars on books, be the usual sports—which are certain to be contested , 259 boys, 291 girls ; vicar, Rev. J. H. G. Hollingworth ; with great keenness, and tea will be provided. lithe ; superintendents, Mrs. J. H. G. Hollingworth and Mr. day is fine, a happy time is assured. , I James. -The procession will leave the church at 9.15, Following the example of previous years, most of headed by Preston Brook Brass Band. A handsome the Nonconformist schools will content themselves i new embroidered banner with the figure of St. Barnabas with a procession along a short route of their own, ,as centre piece will be carried. The afternoon will be their intention being to give the children a complete' spent i•n a field in Lovely-lane where the usual games an sports will be engaged in. The hand will be in day's enjoyment in the country. For instance, attendance from 1.4 to 7.30. Tea will be provided in Wycliffe scholars will journey to Dunham Hill; ' the school. I Golborne-street Baptists to Lymm ; Bold-street Wes-1 ST. JAMES'S.—Number of scholars on honks, 394 leyans to Lymm ; Workingmen's Mission and Sankey : boys; 407 girls; average attendance, 700 ; number of Bridges Wesleyans to Burtonw ' ood • Cairo-street I teachers, 23 ; clergy, Rev. H. B. Firth, M.A., vicar,Rev• Unitarians to Walton Old Hall ; and Friars' Green ! D. R.Davies, 8.A., curate; Mr. W. H. Stansfield, M.A. and Brick-street Independent Methodists to Padgett). superintendent; Mr. James Fargher, secretary. The ; children will assemble at the schools at about 8.15 a.m., and will march round the parish headed by the Volunteer Band and proceed to the church for a short service conducted by the Vicar. Afterwards they will reassemble and march to the Park to join the general procession. A large banner emblematical of St. James, 1 Apostle and Martyr, and 12 small ones will be carried. In the afternoon the Volunteer Band will again head' the procession at 1.30 to the field behind the Wilder- ! spool Brewery, where games, Szc., will be indulged in. ' The Roman Catholic pageant promises to excel in It is expected that there will be several stalls, also brilliance any previous enterprises of the kind. This donkeys for the amusement of the children. The band is saying a great deal, for the members of this Church will also play for 'dancing during the afternoon and have always enjoyed the reputation for the most evening. Tea will be provided for the young children striking and picturesque spectacles presented in on the field (weather permitting) and the elder scholars Warrington on Walking Day. Teachers and scholars I will have it in the school rooms. alike spare no pains to ensure the complete success of I EMMANUEL (REFORMED C.E.) :—Established 1378. the procession and in their efforts they have the loyal I Number of scholars on books, 90 boys, 110 girls (not c)-operation 'of the parents. The results are really , including two well attended Bible Classes) ; average wonderful. Children from the very poorest homes . attendance, 150; number of teachers, 13 ; pastor, Rev, figure proudly in pretty costumes and help to extend , F. Vaughan ; superintendent, Mr. William H. Dickens • that great line of colour which unfolds itself in the ' secretary, John Lloyd ; treasurer, A. Johnson. The usually some%hat dull streets. The scene is one of the scholars will take part in the general procession in the , most beautiful imaginable and always lives long in the morning and features of the display will be decorated memories of those privileged to witness it. Last ; mail carts, An open Bible will be carried on a cushion Walking Day the Roman Catholics were most unfor- ;by two youths. The afternoon will be spent in a field tunate. With bands playing and banners flying they ,at Moore, kindly lent by Mr. Millington. the scholars had got well on their way to the general rendezvous leaving Warrington by the 1.10 train. Sacial sports when rain fell in torrents and the children,with clothing have been arranged for the children and Bible Classes, bedraggled, had to make a hurried return to the schools.: by the Rev.?. Vaughan and a special sports committee. It was a hitter disappointment, but optimism is i Arrangemen's are being made for tea to be provided one of the characteristics of he workers and - for parents aud friends by Miss Booth, Mrs. A. Gandy, they have entered into this year's preparations and committee, at a small charge, with great zest, confidently hoping for more I Roman Catholic. favourable conditions to-morrow. As usual the procession will take place immediately after ST. MARY'S, BUTTE R MARKET-STREET : the Church of England and Nonconformist scholars Established 1874. Number of scholars on books, 843 ; have passed along the line of route. The dis- average attendance, 750 ; number of teachers, 22; play will be seen in its entirety in Bridge-street and clergy, Revs. Neville V. Wilson, O.S.R. (Rector), R. Sankey-street, and the place of honour will be held by Basil Primavesi, 0.5.8., and H. V. Dawes, 0.5.8. The St. Mary's school. Large banners of exquisite texture procession is expected to be one of the most imposing , and workmanship will again be a magnificent feature. yet arranged by this school. In addition to the Tars leweing one will bear a copy of alurillo's famous scholars 150 of the Sodality of the Children of Mary picture" The Immaculate Conception, whilst others and a large number of the League of the Cross and the " will depict the Seven Sacraments, and the great Saints , Guild of the Sacred Heart, wearitig their distinctive m, of the Church. One of the most effective features willedals, will take part. The League of the Cross Band conducted by Mr. D. Mahoney, and the Junior Band be a statue of the Blessed Virgin in pure white. The base will be covered with a profusion of choice lilies, under the leadership of Mr. M. Flannery, will provide and from it will be suspended streamers which will be the music. The leading banner will be a copy of Murrillo's " Irnmacolata " and there will be beautiful carried by three hundred girls prettily dressed in white and other delicate colours. The Church of the Sacred banners representing the seven Sacraments, and St. Heart will have a new banner of Our Lady, which will Benedict and his monks. A striking feature of the no doubt excite great admiration. , pageant will be the statute of the Blessed Virgin the The various schools will leave the procession at points base of which will be covered with large white lilies. convenient for reaching the churches where the service Streamers will be suspended and they will be carried by of Benediction will be held. The afternoon will be three hundred girls attired in white and delicate colours. pleasantly spent in fields in the neighbourhood. The afternoon will be spent in the L. and N.-W. Rail way field in Battersby-lane, where the usual sports will be engaged in. I ST. ALBAN'S :—Established 1820. Number of scholars on books, mixed. 340, infants 160; average ; attendance, 303 mixed, 120 infants; number of teachers, 7 ; clergy, Revs. Fathers Whittle, Hurworth, and s , Buggins. Other priests will also join in the procession Full Particulars. , which has been arranged by the managers and teachers. iAs usual this school will present a most charming --- , , spectacle, the teachers and parents haeing gone to a We have obtained the following information regard. .ereat deal of trouble in preparation for the great event. 'The procession will be headed by the Borough Band. ini-i the schools which will take n to-morrows ke part i' a There' will be many beautiful banners, the chief being festival : those of St. Alban, The Sacred Heart, Our Lady, St. 1 , , Agnes, and St. Joseph. The members of the following I Church of England. ! confraternities will walk :—Sacred Heart Confraternity BLUE COAT SCHOOL :S-Established 1677. Number ; (men) ; Children of Mary ; Guild of the Sacred Heart of scholars on books, 40 boys, 31) girls ; average attend- (boys) : Guild of St. Agnes (girls). Altogether the ance, 70 ; number of teachers, 3. Master and matron processionists will number over 500. The children will Mr. and Mrs. Edward Rose. The children oe this ancient' be dressed in beautiful costumes and the pageant institution will take part in the procession in the morn- promises to be one of the most successful on record. ing, headed by their own band, and afterwards will The afternoon and evening will be spent in a field near attend service at the parish Church. in the afternoon Orford Barracks where the usual games will be indulged they will be visited by " Old Blues," guardians and In. - friends. Special dinner and tea will be proeeded, and I ST. BENEDICT'S CHURCH :—Established 1881 there will be the usnal games in the school grounds in Number of scholaramn books, 640 boys and airls ; aver- the evening, age attendance. 600 ; number of teachers, 16 ; clergy, i PADGATE INDUSTRIAL :—Established 1331. ' Revs. J. Baines and T. Swarbreck ; Mr. Morris (heed Number of scholars on books, 95 boys, 108 girls ; teacher, Mixed School),Sister Imelda (Infants). Headed average attendance,2oo ; number of teachers, 4; chaplain, by the Penketh Tannery band, and the banner of St. the Rev. W. Pollock-Hill ; Mr. and Mrs. A. Wright Benedict, the children will proceed to Buttermarket- (superintendent and matron), acid 12 other officers. Ihe street, where they will join St. Mary's and St. Alban's children who will be attired in new tweed clothes will schools. As usual this section will form one of the take part in the procession at Warriegton headed by prettiest parts of the procession, and will include a the school band. Several new and pretty banners number of prettily attired infants and young children 1 will be carried and there will be a decorated lorry. The who will wear broad coloured sashes and carry floral I afternoon will be spent in Mr. J. IV. Houghton's field crosses, arches, and garlands of flowers. Later in the 1 where the usual sports will be indulged in and high tea day the scholars will proceed to a field near the , will be provided. Barracks, where tea will be provided, and the time spent NATIONAL (Boys) :—Number of scholars on books, in games, am.a CHURCH OF THE SACRED HEART :--Established , 200 boys, GO infants; number of teachers, 20; clergy, ' 1996 Number of scholars en books, 350; number of the Rector; superintendent, Mr. George Brown. As ' usual the children will assemble at the school and take teachers, 9 ; priest-in-charge, Rev. M. Ryan. The part in the procession round the town, headed by following clergy will also take part in the procession

===== 0002601_19060630_art0236.txt | included=true | included =====
FESTIVAL.

ROMAN CATHOLIC PROCESSION.

Brilliant Display Expected.

What the Schools are Doing,

===== 0002601_19060630_art0237.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 30, 1906.

—Very Rev. Dean Clarke (Appleton), Rev. Fathers ' school where lorries will be provided for juveniles. and Quirk, O'Reilly, and ,Butler. Head Mistress, Misses Dins- then to Mr. Fryer's field near Padgate-station. Here dale (Mixed Department), Miss Bonny (Infants), Mr. dinner will be provided at 12.30 and tea at 4.30. The Heghes and Mr. George will assist in superintending afternoon wile be spent in games and races for which the procession. The Pioneer Band will head the pro- many prizes are provided. Councillors Barton, James , cession, which will be of a very attractive character. Evans and T. Barton will act as marshals. , There will be a new banner of Our Lady and the other ' r teeeieeee 0 r". 11. .•-• ,A A. v c.... %.• Is 1, kr RIMITIVE METHODIST) I—ESta b large banners will depict the Holy Family, the Sacred lished 1825. Number of scholars On books, 35 boys ; Heart, and St. Patrick. There will also be a fine array 33 gins ; average attendance, 50 ; number of teachers. of small banners representing the Sacred Heart, Our 12 ; minister, Rev. C.L. Stowe; co-superintendents,Mr. , Lady, the Holy Face, Holy Family, St. Agnes, St. Massey and elnCotterill; treasurers, Mr. Massey ; secre- ' Joseph, and St. Aloysius. A beautiful statue of the tary ; Mr. P. Barber. The teachers and scholars will Sacred Heart decorated with flowers and streamers will , meet in the school at 9.30,and proceed to the Latchford be carried. The children will all be very prettily terminus by car. From there they will march to Morris attired. The infant girls will carry little sunshades, and Brook Farm, Mr. Clare having kindly lent a field and . the elder girls baskets of flowers. The boys of the : buildings for the purpose. Preparations for games have infant school will wear white snits with red sashes, been made, including races, tug of war, etc. The All the girls will have yellow sashes and the boys will children return from Latchford by car at 9. p.m. wear red ones. The Children of Mary and League of , LEGH-STRBET(PaiertTiveMETeromsT) : Number the Sacred Heart will take part in the procession. In I the afternoon the scholars will leave for Latchford on of scholars on b00k5,123 boys, 93 girls; average attend- the cars at 2.45, and will march to a field at Grappen- ance, 140 ; number of teachers, 21 ; minister, Rev. C. L. I hall. Here the usual sports will be indulged in, and Stowe ; superintendent, Mr. J. Bissell ; assistant hobby horses, aerial flights, and other amusements will : superintendent, Mr. B. T. Parkes ; secretary, Mr. J. be provided. The band will play selections. i Landor, assistant secretary, Mr. J. Bailey ; treasurer, / Mr. H. Billingham. The scholars will meet in the ST. MARY'S, LA.TCHFORD.—Established, 1872. I schoolroom at 9.0 and march to Bank Quay Station Number of scholars on books, 123 boys, 121 girls ; i (via Crosfleld-street) and entrain at 9.15 train for average attendance, 200 ; number of teachers, 5. The I Fiddlers Ferry. They will proceed to a field kindly Rector of the parish (Rev. J. H. Roche) and his assist- I lent by Mr. Faulkner of Brook House Farm, where ghmes ant (Father Marrs) being new to Latchford they have I will be played until dinner which will be served at 12.0. decided to follow as closely as possible on the lines of I The afternoon will be spent in sports of all kinds and former years. The procession will be headed by the everything will be done to make the scholars enjoy , Runcorn Prize Band and followed immediately by the : themselves and look hack with pleasure to the day in 1 altar boys in surplices. The banners will include the the country. Tea will be served at 5.0 and afterwards banner of Our Lady, Sacred Heart and St. Philemine. the games will be resumed until 8.43 when the scholars The children of Mary will: be headed by their banner, will return home. and will be followed by a number of small children i 1 I dressed in white and wreaths and veils, and a decorated GOSPEL HALL :—Established 20 years. Number ; I lurry containing infants. The children will assemble of scholars on books, 232 boys, 246 girls ; average at the church and proceed to Warrington Bridge where lattendance, 400 ; number of teachers, 25 ; ministers, I . they will be joined by the other Catholic processions. various ; superintendent. Mr, W. Broadhurst ; secretary I Mr. NV. Street • Treasurer Mr. George Woolridee. The , They will then proceed via Bridge-street, Sankey-st. c 1 ren will assemble at school at 9 o'clock and leave I bld 'll ' • . ' *' . Parker-street, and Wilson Patten-street back to the, i 1 , church where the Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament in procession at 9.30, the infants riding on lurries. , will be given. In the afternoon the children will re- IThey will proceed down Forster-street, Marsh House assemble and proceed by special tramcars to Latchford Lane and Padgate Lane t° a field lent by ( will be indulged in Mr. ill Fryer,nooi Swing Bridge, from which point they will march to . Fernier, Parlgate. Games field lent by a member of the congregation where tea when dinner will be provided. During the afternoon will be provided and races and games indulged in. 1 the children will amuse themselves with racing, cricket ' and other games. Tea will be served at 4.30 and the Nonconformist. return to Warrington will be made about 7 o'clock. WYCLIFFE (CONGREGATIONAL) I—Established,lBs7 . be large enough to hold all the scholars. A tent will be erected for use in case of rain and will Number of scholars on books, 224 boys, 200 girls : , average attendance, 246 ; number of teachers, 33 ; CAIRO-STREET (UNITA ft lAN) :—Number of scholars ministers, Revs. John Tongs and Harry Wall ; superin- on books, 130 boys, 125 girls : average attendence, 200 ; tendent, Mr. W. Brown; deputy-superintendent; Mr. W. number of teachers 26; minister, Rev. C. Harvey Cook; Beswick ; treasurer, Mr. D. Owen : lion. secretary, Mr. superintendent, Mr. F. W. Purse ; secretaries, Messrs. E. Pickavance. The scholars will assemble at 9.0 a.m. S. C. Hollingsworth and H. V. Rathbone. The children and, headed by the Wycliffe Band:of 21 performers, will I will be conveyed by bus to Walton, a field being kindly proceed to Bank Quay Station where they will entrain I lent for the occasion by Mr. F. Monks. Sports will be for Dunham Hill. The day will be spent in various I indulged in and the children will occupy their time with sports and games. Dinner and tea will be provided as these and other outdoor pastimes. Lunch and tea will usual in a large field kindly lent for the occasion by be provided on the field. Mr. A. Jackson. Given fine weather a most enjoyable LATCHFORD (BAPTIST) :—Number of scholars on time is anticipated. books, 90 boys, 90 girls; average attendance, morning COCKHEDGE MISSION :—Established, 1872. Num- 130, afternoon 160 ; number of teachers, 16 •, pastor, ber Of scholars on books 420, boys and girls ; average Rev. John Francis Matthews ; superintendent,elr. T. A. attendance, 300 ; nuneber of teachers, 17 ; minister and Albinson ; secretaries, Mr. T. A. Albinson, Mr. J. B. superintendent, Rev. H. Wall ; hon. secretary. Mr. J.l Wilkinson; treasurer, Mr Isaac Wilkinson. This Sunday Phcenix ; hon. treasurer, Mr. W. Lister. Headed by the I school does not follow the proceedings of the Warring- school banner and the Wyeliffe Sunday School Band ton Walking day. The scholars this year will visit the scholars will join the Parent Church and accompany Frodshem, where dinner and tea will be provided and them as tar as Bank Quay. From there they will march races, Scc., indulged in. to a field at Padgate where dinnerand tea will be served GOI,BORNE-STREET (BAPTlST).—Established,lSll. and sports, 3:c., held. Number of scholars on books, 291' ; average attend- BOLD-STREET (WeseEvAel):—Established 1784. ance, 230; number of teachers, 21 ; pastor,Rev. Herbert Number of scholars on books, 140 boys, 100 girls; Dunnico ' • superintendent Mr. A. P. Freeman;secretarY, average attendance, afternoon 200, morning 110; elr.A. E. Elliot ;financial secretary,Mr.TeLongshaw. The number of teachers, 27; minister, Rey. Joseph Manning; children will leave A rpley Station for Lymm at 9.0 a.m. superintendents, Mr. William Silcock, Mr. F. A. Harris; Coffee and bunt will be served shortly after arrival in a secretary, F. T. Light. The day will be spent as on field near the station, and later luncheon and tea will be several previous occasions. at Mr. Winstanleys Dairy provided in the Congregational schoolroom. The ' Farm, Lymm. The scholars will leave Arpley Station scholars will spend their time in games and racing, at 9.38' Dinner will be provided for them in the field returning from Lymm Station at B.lo.The officers along at 12 o'clock. In the afternoon, flat races have been with Misses. Heywood, Hankey, Nork, and Mrs. Free- arranged for the junior classes. Tea will be provided man form the Provisions Committee and elessrs.Pepper. for scholars at 4.15 anal for visitors and friends at five Bickers and Longshaw the Field Committee. A nutn- o'clock. The races for the senior classes will be run her of adult friends leave Arpley Station in the after- after tea. These will comprise obstacle races, egg and noon at 1.10. ! spoon,, skipping and sack races. A competition in LEGH-STREET (PARTICULAR &ARTIST) I—Estab- throwing the cricket ball (ladies) and skippingi lished 1820. Number of scholars on books, 70 boys and (gentlemen) has also been arranged. Ample a se- girls ; average attendance, 54 ; number of teachers, 5 • , meats, incleding cricket. rounders, football, Sm. have superintendent, Mr. S. Bate ; hon. treasurer, Mr. J. been provided and given fine weather, a very enjoyable Groom. The children will not join in the procession, day is anticipated. After the races there will be a but will proceed in the moping to Bradley Hall farm, singing competition for the boys and girls and last but Grappenhall, where dinner eta tea will be served. The not least in the eyes of the juveniles there will be the day will be spent in games, cricket, lawn tennis, &c., usual scrambling for nuts. The return journey will be and races. The return journey will be commenced at 8 commenced at 8.10 p.m. o'clock. ELLESMERE STREET, (WeseerAN) :—Number of ST. JOHN'S (PriesnieremfAN) :—Number of scholars scholars on hooks, 420 ; (boys, 200, girls, 220) ; average on books, 40 boys, 55 girls ; average attendance 80 ; attendancb, 320 ; number of teachers, 20 ; ministers of number of teachers, 8 ; pastor, Rev. J. L. Milne. The Wesleyan Circuit ; superintendent, Mr. J. Barlow ; children will spend the day at Frodsham, leaving Bank secretaries, Messrs. F. Cox and W. Poole. The day will Quay at 10.20. They will be provided with dinner and be spent at Helsby in a field belongi4 to Mr. Wilson, tea. Prizes will be offered for races. The return will be journey will commence at 6 to NVarringten. Rake lane farm. Cricket, football, racing Sm., indulged in. There will be a novelty cricket Match— WELSH CALVlNlSTlC:—Established June 1881. Ladies v. Gentlemen—and the gentlemen will have to Number of scholars on books, 53 ; average attendance, use broomsticks instead of bats. The scholars leave 45; number of teachers, 7' minister, Rev. W. J.Roberts ; Bank Qney at 9.30 a.m. and return about 8 p.m. 'superintendent. Mr. E. E. Hughes ; secretary, Mr. J. H. SILVER - STREET (WeseevAe) :—Number of Williams. The scholars of this school will early scholars on books, 260 boys, 240 girls; average attend- entrain for Southport and spend the day in the gardens. mice, 420; number of teachers, 39; minister, Rev. FRIENDS' SCHOOL, ACADEMY PLACE :—The Sydney Pitt; superintendents, Messrs- J. W. Hayward, teachers and scholars numbering about thirty will drive J.P. and R. Corbett ; secretary, Hr. L. H. Farrell. in one of Mr. Connor's busses to Mr. Walmsley's Farm, The scholars will leave the school about 9 a.m. headed Whitley. Aftbr a substantial tea, games will be by the Borough Band and march to Bank Quay Station, indulged in anal prizes distributed. The treat being tea Tanners-lane,Froghall-lane, Crosfieid-street, Parker- provided through the generetity of members and street and proceed by special train to Helsby where the friends. The arrangements are in the hands of Mrs. day will be spent in rambles and various games. The Rowlhason and Mrs. Taylor. return journey will be made about 8-30. Undenominational. SANKEY BRIDGES (WeseerAN):—Number of scholars on books, 220 boys, 204 girls; average attend- RAGGED SCHOOL :—Established 18e7. Number ance, 290; number of seachers, 32; minister Rev. of scholars on books, 165 boys, 210 girls ; average A. Cecil Parker superintendents, Mr. J. Gorst,,Mr. F. attendance, 200; number of teachers, 21 e superintendent : Sir. James Skelland ; assistant superintendent, Mr. F. Hardy; treasurer, Mr. C. Bromley; secretaries, Messrs. R. Gorst and J. P. Jackson. The scholars will assemble J. Owen; hon. treasurer, Mr. E. J. Owen; school secre- taries, Messrs. Walter and Henry Wright •, Financial at 9 o'clock, and headed by the large school banner and general secretary, Mr. Alfred flulme. The scholars which bears the illustrations " The Good Shepherd '' will assemble et 8.30 a.m, when some eatables will be and "Sowing the Seed," will proceed to a field at Burtonwood, kindly lent by Mr. Cook, via Bright-street, served out to supplement breakfasts which in some Plumpton-street, Liverpool-road and Hood-lane, CAWS may be scanty : Headed by the Drum and Fife stopping at several places en route to sine'' anniversary Band the children will join the procession at 9.30 a.m. hymns. During the , afternoon cricket, football and and about noon will proceed in vehicles kindly lent by races of all descriptions will be indulged in. An Niessrs. Greenall Whitley and Co., and the Wkiitecross interesting item will be a slow bicycle race, promoted Co., to a field at Grappeahall Hayes, which the Presi- by the Wesley Guild Cycle Club. A substantial dinner dent (Mr. J. Charlton Parr), has again placed at the and tea will be served in picnic fashion on the field at disposal of the school for the day. Dinner and tea 12 o'clock and 4.30 respectively. The scholars will will be provided in due course, and a programme of return home at about 8 o'clock, when they will each races and games carried out under the supervision of the receive an orange. officers and teachers. .

PENKETH WESLEYAN :—Established over 44 years. Number of scholars on books, 2G5 ; average attendance, morning 99, afternoon 180 ' • number of teachers, 30 ; ministers, Rev. A. C. Parker and Rev. John Gunnell ; secFetary,Mr.W. Dwerrybouse; superin- tendent, Mr. Withenshaw and M. J. Carman ; I treasurer. Mr. A. Seed. The procession leaves the school I at 2 o'clock headed by the Penketh Tannery Band and I large silk banners, and will proceed round the village Ito P3nketh Lodge (Mr. C. E. Parker's residence), where refreshments will be provided. Afterwards the scholars will wait to the schools for tea and therradjourn to the Recreation ground where games and sports will be indulged in, the band playing selections during the evening. Bags containing biscuits and nuts will be given to the scholars in the schoolroom before dis- persing. LATCHFORD (Wssr.uvAN) :—Number of scholars on books, 711 boys,_ 66 girls, and about 60 members in

SALVATION ARMY :—Number otscholars on books 100, average attendance, 140 ; number of teachers, 22 ; Officers, Adjutant and Mrs. Cooper and Captain Lindsay; sperintendent. Sergeant Major Ferguson ;Sunday school treaswer, Miss Lily Dickenson. The scholars will march round the town headed by the Army Band under the leadership of Bandmaster James Lee. Afterwards they will adjourn to the Park where a great number of poor children will be provided with dinner and tea. Afterwards there will be races for prizes.

Bible classes ; average attendance, 135 ; number of Rev. W. Nlellor ; superintendent, teachers, 14; minister, Mr. J. Ditchfield ; secretary, Mr., J. W. Wright. The scholars and friends will meet in front of the chapel at 1 pan. and will walk in procession to a field kindly placed at their disposal by Mr. W. H. Bradford, of Rheddish Hall Farm, Grappenhall. The younger scholars Will be accommodated in lurries. At Rheddish there will be games and races and various amusements and tea will be provided.

WORKINGMEN'S MISSION :—established 1871; number of scholars on books, 689, boys 315. girls 337 ; average attendance, 486 ; number of teachers, 43 ; superintendents. Mr. T. Dale and Mr. W. Worrall ; president, Mr. N. Elough • vice-president, Mr. G. Dale, The children will assernbfe at school at 9 a.m., and journey to Mr. Cooke 's Farm at Burtonwood. Four lurries will be provided to convey the infants. Two large banners and fifty small bnes will be carried in the procession. Tents are being erected on the field and there will also be refreshment stalls. The children will

enjoy themselves by playing all kinds of games, includ- ing football, cricket and skinning rope. At night the scholars will return to school to be supplied with their usual gifts of nuts and oranges.

BUCKLEY-STREET MISSION.— Number of scholars on books, 550 boys and girls ; average attend- ance, 370 ; number of teathers. 12 ; superintendent, Mr. Jennings; assistant superintendent, Mr. T. Cook ; hon. secretary, Mr. Ryder ; assistant secretary, Mr.H.Wooley. Headed by the Legh-street Band and the school banner the children will join the procession in the Park and march round the town. Dinner will be served in the school after which the children will proceed to a field near Orford Barracks. Games and races for prizes will be indulged in and tea will also be provided. BRICK-STREET MISSION :—Established. 1893. Number of scholars on books, 22 boys, 211 girls ; average attendance, 350; number of teachers, 24. This mission has a free ministry ; superintendents, Mr. Edward Roberts and Mr. James Shaw ; secretaries, Messrs. W. Yates and S. Gallop. The children will leave school at nine o'clock headed by the Mission Band and large banner with the illustration " The Guardian Angel," and will walk round the town. After- wards they will adjourn to a field at Padgate. Dinner will be served at 12.20 and tea at 4.30. In the afternoon

the annual cricket match will ta.ie—pl;Csei;;;;‘i.f,; married men and single men. The scholars will start back from the field about 7.30.

FRIARS'-GREEN AND BRICK-STREET :—Estab- lished I 523. Number of scholars on books, 438,(b0ys 217, girls22ll; average attendance,morning 127,afternoon 314; number of teachers 31. Headed by the chapel band and the school banner the procession will start from Friars'- green Chapel at 9 a.m., and proceed via Suez-street, Palmyra-square. Parker-street, Sankey-street, Irlam- street, Church-street, and Fennel-street to Brick-street

===== 0002601_19060630_art0238.txt | included=true | included =====
Padgate Walking Day.

Padgate's annual childrens festival was held on Saturday, and was highly successful. The morning was fine and although the afternoon was dull at times, ,the conditions were very agreeable. The united procession set off from the centre of Padgate at 2 p.m., headed by the band of the Cottage Homes under Mr. Yorke. Then followed the children of the Church Sunday School, led by their beautiful banner, which was surrounded by prettily attired maidens holding variously coloured ribbons flying from the top of the banner. The younger children were conveyed in three lorries. Next came the children of the Cottage Homes,accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Wright and the officers. Their neat appear- ance and orderly marching were much praised. The lorry conveying the juniors was very tastefully decorated in red and white and the children on it also were similarry coloured favours. Next came the teach. era and scholars of the Wesleyan Sunday School headed by their banner, the cords of which were held by six little girls who looked very pretty in their summer dresses. Another lorry containing little children brought up the rear of one of the prettiest processions seen in I Padgate in recent years. The route throughout was lined with spectators. Mr. G. Mather, acted as marshal, The children returned to their respective schools for tea on the conclusion of the march, and afterwards pro- ceeded to their respective fields where sports, games, &a., were indulged in with great zest for several hours. Their pleasure, however, was brought to a premature conclusion as rain began to fall heavily about eight I o'clock and this was succeeded by one of the worst thunderstorms which has visited Padgate in recent years Although many of the children and adults were soaked to tlittskin it is fortunate that nothing of a more serious nature occurred.

===== 0002601_19060630_art0239.txt | included=true | included =====
~:--•es.--...

1/4

The Thunderstorm.—Damage at Warrington. Warrington was visited by a severe thunderstorm on Saturday night but fortunately little serious damage was occasioned by the storm. Rain fell in torrents and cellars in the low lying streets were flooded, and in some districts the streets also were several inches deep in Water. The flashes of lightning were frequent and vivid and the electrically charged atmosphere had a considerable effect upon ;the trains the service being only continued with difficulty. Only one breakdown is to be recorded the feeder cable, on the,section over the crossing being fused with the result that passengers had to be taken in one car to the crossing alight and board another car on the other side of the railway. Mr. Mathias, electrical engineer, was soon on the spot, and the breakdown was remedied as quickly as possible. Three men had a narrow escape from being seriously if not fatally injured at the Patteb Arms Hotdl. They left the vaults at about ten o'clock, when the coping stone of the large chimney facing the station weighing about 2lcwt. fell to the ground with a loud crash, one of the broken pieces of stone rebounding and striking one of the men on his knee. Fortunately he was not much, hurt, but the escape of the whole of the men was miraculous.

?4,4. ',' ..;...1,..111t. 941ittiM7

%m 4

0

40,1 'F‘ , ;, • ; . • eft. • , , . • •

===== 0002601_19060630_art0240.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAUTIFUL WARRINGTON.

ANNUAL MEETING OF THE SOCIETY.

The Work of the Past Year.

THEFTS FROM WINDOW BOXES.

The annual meeting of the Beautiful Warrington Society was held at the Parr Hall on Wednesday even- the Rev. Canon Morley Stevenson presiding over a fair attendance.

THE REPORT.

Mr. John Fairhurst presented the annual report as follows :—This society was inaugurated at a large and representative meeting held at the Town Hall on Tuesday, 27th June l 1905. It was the outcome of an article in the " Manchester Guardian," on Beautiful Oldham. Thc article was brought to the notice of one of the secretaries of the Warrington Society, by Canon Stevenson,with a view to the establishment of a similar' ; society in Warrington. The suggestion met with approval ; a small committee was appointed to draft ; the constitution, and to arrange for the meeting previ- ously mentioned, which proved very successful. It was I thought most fitting that Mrs. Higgs, the founder of I the Beautiful Oldham Society, should be invited to address the meeting. A number of members were enrolled, and from that date the society has done much Ito improve the town, although it has been so short a 'time in existence. Like many other new undertakings it met with severe criticism and ridicule, and many prophesied that it would be a failure. Some 16,000 circulars of two kinds have been distributed Ito the householders and workmen of Warrington,l setting out the objects of the society, and asking for their co-operation, and about 12,000 others, inviting all to take part in keeping the streets tidy, were also sent out. The Society are hopeful that these communi- cations will eventually bear fruit. The membership has steadily increased,the latest numbers are 335 members and 130 helpers. It has been decided by the Executive that inabilit to subscribe shall not be a barrier to anyone wishing to join the Society, and; an intimation to this effect was made in one of the circulars. Three pieces of land, in Hazel-street, in a street near Fairfield Hall, and in Knutsford-road, have been planted with trees and shrubs. Some of the trees have died,and will be replaced later, but on the whole the planting wasisatisfactory. The Hazel-street land was handed over to us to plant, and the owner also bore the cost of planting, and the Knntsford-road land has been lent until such time as it may be required for building upon. The Corporation have planted trees in Knutsford-road, also along the river side, and on the Island. Trees have ; been planted all round the space near Arpley Statioaby the London and North-western Railway Company. and ; a piece of land near Bank Quay Bridge has also been I planted with trees and shrubs by the same company. For these improvements we have to thank Mr. I. T. Williams, the District Manager. Some owners of property have planted trees in the new streets, and others have made proposals to the Council that they were willing to provide trees in other new streets. nn improvement has also been made in several of the Church yards by the planting of trees and shrubs; St. Paul's can claim to be the pioneer in this matter. A large number of trees have been planted round the Recreation Ground of Messrs. Gros- field and Sons, at Sankey, and when the time arrives for thinning these out, the society Will receive some 300 to 400, if places can be found for them. The Corporation have agreed to try the experiment of placing wire baskets in the streets for waste paper, and also on the tram-cars, for waste tickets. For the purpose of divid- ing the work, and placing the members in closer touch with each other, the town has been divided into Wards, each ward having its own chairman and secretary. By this means,we are hoping in due time to see substantial results. It is very gratifying to the Executive to find such a ready response by the inhabitants, the great object being that the work should be carried out by individual effort rather than by a few. During the year we have had two public lectures in the Co operative Hall, the first on the Smoke Abatement," by Mr. J. W. Kershaw, of Waterloo, and the second on "How to make green oases in dingy places," by Mrs. Leo Grindon, of Manchester. Both these lectures were well attended, and the hall was lent free of charge on each occasion by the Co-operative Society. We are also indebted to the Press for the notices they hav,e given from time to time, and the space they have so generously set apart for any communications bearing on ; the subject. The matter of smoke abatement is receiv- ing attention. A large amount of information has been gathered from other towns, and later this information will be placed before the Society, and some practical suggestions made. There are many signs that some of the seed sown has taken root. If no further evidence of the work done could be given, the fact that we have enrolled 2,500 children as juvenile members of the Society who pledge themselves not to damage trees or shrubs, and to prevent others from doing so. as far as they, are able, would justify our existence. This, as can be Aeeu is a very important branch, and the thanks of the Society are due to the teachers who have identified themselves with this section of the work, and especi- ally to Mr. F. H. Longshaw, the Secretary of the School Children's Branch. Each child will be presented with a plant, to be grown at home, and at a time to be , arranged it will be brought to the School for competi- tion, the best from each school will be further judged at the annual Show, to be held on the Ist September. , ; Attention may also be called to the window-boxes 'which are being fixed in every part of the town ; this; is an outward and visible sign of the fruits of our work. Arrangements have been made for the supply 1 of window-bexes, plants, and all necessary material, at a price which comes within the reach of most people. DepOts will eventually be opened in each Ward, if practicable, where it will be possible to receive plants and materials for distribution to the members and eventually become an exchange. In con- I elusion, the thanks of the society are due to the many kind friends who have assisted to carry the work so far, giving so; generously 'of their time and substance in inaugurating this movement for the beautifying of our town and generally to stimulate a love\for the beauti- ful. 'ln this connection I should like to name the Rev. Canon Stevenson, and Dr. Markel. FINANCIAL REPORT. Mr. JOSIAH LONGLAND, hon. treasurer, presented the annual balance sheet. The receipts from subscriptions I amounted to 19s. Gd. in addition they had received £lO from the owner of the land in Marshhouse-lane towards the expense of the land being taken over and planted by the society, which together with smaller items brought their total inc'4me to s£6o 2s. Id. The priccipal items of expenditure had been printing, advertising, postages, &c. The planting of trees had cost £0 is. 2d., and manure carting, &c., .£0 Os. 10d. There was left a balance in hand of .£ll 13s. sd. The subscriptions varied from £2 2s. (1) to Is. -(250). With reference to the balance in hand it would be more than absorbed by one or two accounts which had not yet been pre- sented. If the society was to carry on its work effec- tively they would require every much larger number of ; subscribers or else an increase in the amount subscribed 'by the members. In many cases subscribers were pre- pared and were expecting to be called upon to pay an increased amount. So far the work of the society had been almost entirely of an educational charm* and as the money spent in printing S:c.,wouldnot occur' again more money would in the future be available for the actual planting of trees. They proposed that year to hold a show to denote the progress of the society. That would cost about e5O and they would have to be ; prepared to meet the exbense so he hoped that the members of the society would respond as generally as was in their rower during the coming year. (Applause). Alderman BENNETT said he thought the finances of the society were fairly satisfactory. Of course if they extended their operations they would have to extend their resources, but no doubt the hint thrown out would be fruitful.

Councillor FULTON Smini said that many of the subscribers of Is. paid that amount with the idea of becoming members of the society and were prepared to pay an increased subscription. The Rev. HARVEY COOK asked if it was necessary that their income should increase. He thought it would be better to ask for say £75 a year than to appear to be dragging more money from unwilling pockets. Canon STEVENSON : The income required will largely depend upon the work undertaken. If the society undbrtakes half the work I would like it to undertake we would want an income three or four times as big as at present. (Applause.) The reports were unanimously approved. , ELECTION OF OFFICERS. '

Canon STIIVENSON expressed his indebtedness to the secretary and treasurer for their services. He did not know how they could possibly have carried on the work of the society had it not been for the exertions of those two gentlamen. On the motion of Mr. DARLINGTON, seconded by Mr. L. GREENING the hon. secretary and the hon. treasurer were re-elected and heartily thanked for their past services.

--INIK-I.ONGLaN'D and Mr. FA.IRHURST both returned thanks.

..... Mr. W. H. Wo9dcook was elected auditor. Canon Stevenson, Alderman Bennett, Councillors Dr. Joseph, and Fulton-Smith. Dr. Markel, Captain Cros- field. Rev. Harvey Cook, Niessrs. L. Greening, E.J.Hall, W. Silcock, J. Moore Murray, J. Upson and Ryan were appointed to act as the committee. A hearty vote of thanks to Canon Stevenson for pre- siding concluding the meeting. PUBLIC MEETING. CANON STEVENSON AND THE WORE: OF THE SOCIETY.

Subsequently a public meeting was held in the Parr Hall at which there was a fair attendance. Canon Stevenson presided and was supported by Mr.Fairhurst, Mr. J. Longland, Captain Crosfield, Mr. L.Greening,Mr. J. Moore Murray and Mr. Beck. At the outset the CIIAIRM AN expressed his recret at the absence of the president of the society, Colonel R.J. Blackburne, and of Mr. Edward Owen Greening, of

===== 0002601_19060630_art0241.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19060630_art0242.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19060630_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
qAcDONALD'S blin HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIALTEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW BCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They firmly, yet painlessly 'adjusted to the mouth means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation , for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20s. GOLD INLAY 40S. IVIACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WINLABSII9, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SA.NEEY-ST AT KR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS._ 1 to 7.30 rvtfß-76kuRbH=Ed

BRITISH AND PORNION WATCH SUPPLY UP COMPANY, 15. GOMM PIAZZAS, uvettrooL. A SINGLE ARTICLE AT WHOLESALE PRICE. Rolled Gold Waltham Hunter, 38s. ; 10 years guarante. Rolled God Waltham Hunter (open face) with movogram. 38s. ; 10 years' guarantee. Rolled *old Curb Albert (single), 3..6d. (double) 6s. ; 10 years guarantee. Nickel plated Watch (good timekeeper) —not a toy, 4s. 9 Carat Ladies' Gold Keyless Watch, 255. ; 5 years' warranty. 14 Carat Ladles' Gold Keyless Watch, beautifully enamelled, 321. Bd. ; 6 years' warranty. CHEQUES and MONEY ORDERS PAYABLE to A. ROCHE, Manager. Mention paper. Terms remittance with orders.

MARsH'S HARDWARE STORES, 53, SANKEY STREET. BESTII VALUE IN TRUNK, 3kPANESE BASKETS, &c.

• WARRINGTON INFIRMARY EXTENSION. AMOUNT REQUIRED £15030. THE EXTENSION COMMITTEE APPEAL for SUBSCRIPTIONS to the Enlargement of the INFIRAARY. SUBSCRIPTIONS TO DATE. £ s. d. Emplols of Messrs. litylands Bros.. Ltd , (first instalment) l5O 0 0 , Messrs. the Firth Co. Ltd Mrs. Holmes,Great Sankey . 5 0 0 Mr„ Joseph Craik, jun., Brick street .. Mr. S. J. Beaman. General Wolfe Hotel 2 5 0 Amount previously acknowledged 5,842 2 0 8,052 10 0 Subscriptions may be paid into any of tha Local , Eanks, or to the Hon. Treasurer at the Infirmary. W. PETER RYLANDS, Chairman of the Extension Committee. GBORGE DAKIN. Hon. Treasurer. WIRRAL AND BIRKENHEAD AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY'S GREAT SHOW AT HERRINGTON, NEAR BIRKENHEAD. JULY 18TH AND 19TH. PRIZES EXCEED £2,800. Oxbibita in Classes 20 to 29 must be entered or be eligible the Herd Book °lass n should read (—" Not over 15-2 Hands. " ENTRIES CLOSE 2ND JULY POST. ARTHUR H. EDWARDSON, Secretary, 6, Hamilton-square, Birkenhead. Tetephone 286, Hickenheao, ARRINGTON AND DISTRICT AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. PRESIDENT: SIR GILBERT GERE NALL VICE-PRBEHDENT RT. HON. LORD LILIPBOALTI 17TH ANNUAL SHOW To BF: HELD IN WALTON PARK, NEAR WARRINGTON, ON THURSDAY, 16vEt AUGUST, 1906. PRIZES, CUPS AND MEDALS VALUE £7OO. JUMPERS, TURNOUTS, SHIRES, HUNTERS. CATTLE, AC., AC. PRIZE LIST, AC., Milt Row BE OBTAINED FROM THE DYCRFTABY, • H. BERESF ORD MELVILLE, Estates Office, Bold st., Warrington.

?LOWERS DIRECT FRONI SCILLY ISLES 12 South of France, end principal growers in England on commission at wholesale prices. MoDERMOTT4 Cheapest Man Alive, Wholesale Market. Warrington.

EXPERINNOSONIaIe and toetnale NUELSKS at a moment's notice for all oases. —Apply NURSES INOTITIT- TION, Hope House, Hope it., Liverpool. Telepuone 2570, Royal. Telegraphic„ Address, Nurses '

- KENT & SON, JEWELLERS SINCE 1760 70, DBANSGATE (opposite Barton Arcade.) MANCHESTER, ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE OF SPECIALITIES POST FREE ON APPLIOATION.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTR I TAILS OF ) nob( HAIR FRAMES, PURR Irsom 3/6 geom. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

A fr .111AGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 21. Eld., 38., 48. 6D., AND 6s. tio J. 0. DODD. 10, 3L, JoHN's LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

MRS. rr I HOS. CLARKE, STATIONE# AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINBR " OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, BARLESTOWN, FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS,

LERPOOL AND NORTH WALES. REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS (Sunday included). ' By paddle-steamer " La Marguerite," (every day) (Fridays St. Tudno) leaving Prince's Landing Stage (weather Permitting) 10.45 am.. for LlanduAno Beaumarls, Bangor, and Menai Bridge, allowing 4 hours ashore at Llandudno, and due back at 7.30 p.m. IsXTRA. SAILINGS, 'TOM; rAr, 2.15 p.m, Returday 30tn, for Llandudno and Straits. 2.30 p.m. Fridays, Saturdays, hmodays and Mondays during July also at 11.15 a.m. Sundays, 9.16 a.m • Isle of Anglesey Tripe, Wednesday 27th, Sunday July Ist, Thursday 12th and Sunday 15th St. Ruda.), calling at Llandudno, due backiu Liverpool each day at 8 p.m. (Through bookings ft.:int principal stations). 9.30 a.m. every Wednesday July and August by St. Tudoo for Llandudno and Holyhead, due back 8 p m. For further information apply to the LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES STEAMSHIP COMPANY, LTD T. G. Brew, Becrelarv,4o, Chapel It,, Liverpool. Official gdde Rl.post free, WRRE-RNTIS at N. WALIm, hotel An 3 host from 22.. Rd:.

_ . LANGLANDS' SAILINGS TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. " PitiNCESS LOUIS "OR OTHER STEAMER. From LIVIIRPOOL From GLIRGOW ' (Clarence Dof,lc ) (Berths No. 2).-28. North Side) Sat. June 30th 5 p.m. Tues. July 3rd 2 pm. *7.5 p.m. Thurs. July sth 9 p.m. Sat July lth 2 p.m. 1"5.2) p.m. Tues. July 10th 1 p.m. Thor,. July 12th 2 p.m. *6.30 pm. Bat. July 14th 5 p.m. Tues. Joly 17th 2 pm. *7.5 p.m. *Train trom Glasgow ;Central) to Greenock (Central). Special reduced through tickets from Wftrrington.Wfdnee ningle let Class and Cabin Ili. 6d. ; Single, 3rd Class and Steerage 60. Return (valid for two months) Ist Cities and Cabin 18s. ; 3rd Class and Cabin, 1711. NOTE.—The above Pte.-qv include the railway journey between Greenock end Glasgow (Central). Bpeclal 14 days Escuzsion Tickets Gthin 145., Steerage Bs. 3d. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, 14, CROSS STRIOsT, MAN° 41(nTSS. 10, RUMFORD PLACE. LIVERPOOL.

DUBLIN, ALSO ENOLIdIi LAKES TEDCASTLE LUNE. s,. " BLACKHOCK," CT,JIIIIIIII BRIANA ," and from SOUTH 811311 NBLesON DOCK, Liver D"l Bvery Tuesday,' Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday; to DUBLIN. r IiBTURN SALOON. 10a. ; STIMIAGR, se. ; with Cheap liscursion Tickets EVERY SAILING DAY. to Bundoren. Bray, Wicklow, Ac. ; also on Fridays and Saturdays to Kilivney, Cork, Ste. WERK-END and Short Cate Ticket. to DUBLIN, Including Kamm Saloon Fare, Hote', Meals, .tc., from 21e. iIirRCIAL ROUND SEA TRIP, per "Cumbria," Every Saturday, to White.haven. giving 3t. days for English Lakes, thence to Dublio,and hack to Liverpool(2 months) Saloon Hk, or 40s. including Meals, &c., tor tijdays as per Sailing Bill.. HApply TBDCASTLN. McCORMICK, A CO., mum) LIVERPOOL. Telegrams, " Tedrastie." Telephone 975.

IMPROVED SERVICES to the CONTINENT. (ON AND FRoll JULY 2ND). ROYAL BRITISH MAIL HARWICII-HOOK OF HOLLAND ROUTE DAILY. To GERMANY, HOLLAND, AUSTRIA, DENMARK, NORWAY and EMBOSS, HARSVICII-A.NTWERP ROUTE FOR BRUSSBLS, THE ARDIINNEE. and. SWITZERLAND. Every Week-day. THBOUGH CORRIDOR CARRIAGES Fnom AND TO MANCHESTER. Liars see Handbills or apply to W. Pownall, way, 81, Portland Street, Manchester.

ALLAN ROYAL MAIL. -CANA DA & U.S. at Unourpaiised for ht, 2nd and, 3rd clams. Special " to Ontario. Manitoba, and Cidadian North-West. SAILINGS FltONl LIVRRPOOL. ... July 6 VIRGINIAN ... July 19 LuNIAN mut jut e the gailinfra of the new Turbine Steamers Victorian ao / 5, and Virginian, July 19, 12,100 tons—stendiest,fastest, _vibration. po,, Artbao4 s free Apply Allan', 19, James-street. Liver- -103, Leadenball-street. London.

S.FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINUTON WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS,

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, SICKNESS,. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1,000,600 CLAIMS PAID R 5,000,000 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST, Agents required in un-represented aistricts, AGF,NTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate , Mr, W.H. RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Victorla-rd.,Latchford St deans Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardt:haw-etre, t Hadyock Mr. J. BILLINGS The Willows Sandbach Mr. F. J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5g., 10g., AND IS. Sg., EACH WHOLESALE BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1833.

It CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cf;ai HIDE) ...... From 205. Od• LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. Od. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL CENTRAL BUILDINGS, 4IA, NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

BOWLING GREEN BOWLS. BOWLING GREEN BOWLS. T GEO. AND HOS. ROYLE, BOWLS FOE BOWLING GRBIINS. 42 SACKVILLE-STREET, MANCHESTER. Nat. Tetephone, 2924. SEND FOR PRICES AND SAMPLES.

SMOKE SUDLOW'S " OLD BOY'S " TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. 6D. PER OUNCE le. 7D. PER LB. TIN; 69. PER LB. T. SUDLOW & CO., WHOLESALE AND 'RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 414 Y.

mu E EMPIRE FURNISHING CO. 300 A 302, STOOKPORT-ROAD, (Corner of MILTON-STREET), MANCHESTER. 1 , NEWER DESIGNS, BETTER QUALITY CHEAPER PRICES, and LOWEIR TERMS Than any other house in Minchester. and: nbove all, the DEPOSIT IS QUITE OPTIONAL In Manchester and surrounding districts t0,.:3 are thousands of would-be purchasers whC torßemsTblleigaAtTitEhe IFdßealonfatotoes,HiraeuPdurcohnaEsnevSoyustsem RELATIONS will say—Avoid the Hire System. J 3 Because WHY? Because they don't know the EMPIRIC FUR- NISHING CO, and theta methods of doing business,and that they like to treat their custon- ers as they wbiild Eke to be treated ; and THRY DON'T ASK YOU To SIGN ANY OBJEC- TIONABLE AGREEMENT: ALSO BECAUSE If you are ill, If you meet with an accident, If you lose your situation, Or have any other misfortune, UNE EMPIRE WILL SAY—' If you are unable to pay we don't expect you to pay ; and in no Case do their customers ever lose the value of thelmoney they navellaiready paid. COMB AND SEE THEW; you NERD NOT BUY. Catalogues of Terms are sent Post Free,or their Representative will call on receipt ot Postcard. I. E MPIRE FL RNISHING CO. 300, STO RPM-ROAD, MANCHESTER. OPENS a.m. to 9t Wednesday, 9 a.m. to:l. ;um.

MEN'S IN GREAT' VARIETY OF PATTERNS]; WELL MADE AND FOR HARDWEAR FROM 16/6.

OAY'S SPRING MATTRESS IMPROVER For roakingold, and otherwise useless Mattresses, equal to new ; can be attached in a few minutes by any person. Mr MADD RN, Madden's Restaurant, Portsmouth,writes:— " Can thoroughly testify to their usefulness, and strongly recommend same when wire mattress has become weak ' PRICE, complete with directions and diagram for fain g, carriage free to all parts. 3s. Si each. WARRIGUTON WOV/Mit•Wlltit COMPANY. LTD., 324, COMMERCIAL RD., PORTSMOUTH.

EvEHY Lovett Oh' SHAKHSPEAR W. the greatest name In English literature, will be interested In "be Chriet and Shakespeare," the popular book b y I'm/ALES BLLIs. It shows by means of copious extract. from the Bible and from the works or dhakespeare, arranged on opposite pages, to what a great extent the Holy Scriptures permeate the words aud thoughts of the Immortal Beni. A reproduction of Bouiraken's engraving, the linen portrait of Shakespeare, is included in the volume, together with specimen autographs of the great poet. May be had at the special low rate at 2s 6d. post free from, Mr. G. F. HILCICEN, Secretary, Bethnal Green Free Library London N.B

FINE ART PLATES. RI Is. ETCHINGS. MEZZOTINTS. Ac. pm: 103. SD. ARTISTS PROOFS AT GREAT REDUCTIONS. ILLUSTRATED OATALoGITZS OF 200 PLATES FREE. APPLY : " ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS." MILFORD LANE, LONDON, W.C. 10 SMALL INVESTORS C.IX PER cENT..£I SHARES WITEI INTEREST GUARANTIED BY BARR, for sale up to 200 in a 'London Property Company owning magnificent properties in central London, Rare opportunity. Would split up. SEND 13 PER CENT. DEPOSIT ONLY TO SECRETARY, PARLIAMEISIT CHAMBERS, WESTMINSTER. S.W.

THH NEW FRENCH REAIHDY. r rHHRAPION. This successful and highly popular remedy 1 as employed In the Continental Hospitals by Rieord lin tau, Jobert Velpeau. and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for Impurity ef the blood, spots, blotches pains and swelling of the joints, kidney.bladder and urinary diseane-strlcture, diNcharges, plies, gravel. puns inthe back. rh.umatisrn, gout.siteplesseess,nervous and physical exhaus tion. etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos, 1, 2 and 3 acmrding to diseases for which intended. Full particulars seni stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to HR. R. JOHNSON, 43, Id OLForti,eQIJARE. LONDON

J. A NKS, NECKWEAR AND COLLAR SPECIALIST; 62, HORS EMARK ET STREET, WA RRIN GTON. WEAR OUR FAMOUS 3s. 9D. FELT HATS.

LADIES' DRESS BASKETS, OVERLAND TRUNKS, MILLINERY CASES, GLADSTONE BAGS, SUIT CASES, SMALL " BAGS, JAPANESE HAMPERS, &c. 1 BEST VALUE IN TOWN. E. CI- ATES, 72, BRIDGE

H. S. PAGE Sr, CO., 74, SANKEY ST., (LEGH ST., CORNER), WARRINGTON. HIGH-CLASS TAILORING AT A REASONABLE COST. UP-TO-DATF. LADIES TAILORING A SPECIALITY,

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON,. 1221 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBILOKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. NT ALL THE LE &DING WAILERS) • SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OP EVERT DESCRIPTION. 3 0 . To 50 PAR CHM. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old sold isint liverAntleves, Dianaonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Motley advance on Jewellery, Diamond., Watchea, ttete, do., to any amount at low rates of! Interest strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

JOHN LUNT, BRIDGE FOOT. -lEINIOVAL CONTRACTOR. EXPERIENCED MEN EMPLOYED. ESTIMATES FREE. TELEPHONE No. 107.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT CO., LID. FOR GOOD BOOTS. UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

IN YOUTH'S REEFER, MEN'S, YOUTH'S RUGBY, YOUTHS ' YOUTH'S CHATHAM AND and many other Styles from 8/6. BOYS.

SUITS FOR ALL PURPOSES. MANCHESTER, TAILMING Sz, CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & io, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

St3TABLISHIDD 1836. , • RICHARD JEFFREYSt 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERTCOL, 1 WRAMIS MARIIII AND 7141 AT BELLE& A Large Assortment of framed Pictures, snitable for Wedding ' and Birtbday Presents, School Prizes, 3.0. Terms Moderate. A FMB OOLLSOTIOF OF PIO.COGIIAPH9 for Crystoleum and Pula' Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.. Also Copies of;Fietures Inlthe Continental Galleries.

RINGwottM CURED ; use Porter's specific le. 3d. and 2s, 91. bottle, post free, plain package. In 3 strengths, st.te the age. An unfailing remedy tot this disease.—POßTEß &CO ely, Cambs. - LL DISEASES OLTEIED.--Pree Trtatles, worth 21s. `l, Indlgestidn, Wind, Epilepsy, Heart DiseasedilOoholisna. Frre on application.—Pkontrrok " World's Pills," 09, Hanway et.. Oxford fit., London. W.

MATIFIIAGH : Its Causes and Curative Treat- kJ moot. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospitf.l for women. A new edition just published, lost free 31. London SHELLEY ,t/iD CO , LTD, 38, Gracechurch et.

HAL lIHRHAL PILL,, no mercury or poison; specially for men ; one shilling per box, post ire. ; two boxes enough for one week ' • advice free as to food, tc.—JOHN BOOTH, Medical Herbalist, Hightown, Crewe. HERB BRBR PACKRT ; two, post free. fourpeoee ho D. mixed from own stock ; beer ready to bottle as soon as mixed, try ft.—Jos/0300TH, Medical Herbalist, Hightown, Crewe. 01-IN BOOTH'S HERBAL FaMTLY aDVNBR. thirty. six psges, post free, send address on postcards ; Herbs Berke, Hoots, Flowers. Powders, &c., wholesale and retail ; thirty years experience ; advice tree.—Joas BOOTH. Medical Herbalist. Hlghtown, Crewe.

XT JIVE'S HHALIN4 OINTMHNT. —.A wonderful Cure for .1.11 all 'ores, eczema. and skin Irrittlion, also for piles. Highly antiseptic. Try it on sores etc., of old standing where other remedies have felled.—Pr ls. 3d.. post free from mannfacturers. HuvE ct Co.. Chemists, Wellington place, Hastings.

O N ;SALE. old-established COACH and WHEEL- WRIGHT'S BUSININS ; centre of Cheshire Town, with freehold properties bringing In weekly rentals ahout £3. Price £1,500. £l.OOO van remain at 4 per cent,— AcifirPsa B. 13.. g•Fxßminer " Office, Warrington.

, D. E. k.ONNOR, 67, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL (73, X Central). B OOT and Shoe Dealers.—Owner, having secured com- pettnce from voup of best paying shops on the principal thoroughfares in Liverpool. and retiring I am instructed to secure purchasers ; stocks replete (vaivation) ; positions unexcelled; very old estab- lished :offers invited for group or separately ;strictly confidential. 'TOBACCONIST. Sweets, MinerWs ; trade £lO to £l2 under female management; prominently boated; bright aprearsuce ; fully stocked ; relit Si. 9d. ; ingoing £7O. GENERAL—En will purchase 60 year old shop taking £7 without Sundays healthy district ; kept 3 ; sound reason ; fair house. SWEETS, Chocolates, Minerals, Ice-eream ; near huge Schools; splendid appearance ; fitted and stocked. BuTem...; bold frontage ; fittings cost £5 ; trade £l9 weekly, under management; everything £25. TOBACCONIST doing £l5 weekly ; rent 13s. clear ; theatre adjacent ; price £5O ; stock optional. rrOBACCO, News. Smallwares. in city ; only requires an owner's attention ; cheap now ; £2O everything. DRESSMAKER (near Bold st.) retiring from genuine connection ; furniture, machine, &c., cheap strictest investigation. B UTCHER'S ; present owner 23 years ; trade £25 weekly ; comfortable house ; refrigerator, ; £6O. GENERAL, Provisions, Greengrocery; thousands of houses round ; counter receipts £l3 ; rent 10s. ; grand house ; stock £6O ; superior fittings ; all at £9O. N.B.—Vendor's Own Prices GiVen. Large Businesses Wanted.

HUGHES BROTHER 116, 118, 120, 125, and 127, BROWNLOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL, near Lime-street and the UnlyersitY. Telephone .• 20041 Royal. PAWNBROKERS. JBWIILLERS, HOUSB FURNISHERS. BRUSH AND TOOL FACTORS. AND GENERAL MERCHANTS. Established Half a Century. CASH LIBERALLY ADVANCRD On Diamonds, Jewellery. Furniture, Mechanics Tools, Small Machinery, and Goods of Value of any kind. CLOsED ON THURSDAYS AfTRII FIVE.

15 —Double Cylinder GaltDcN HOLUM:M. Also a 8. Secondbind LAWN MOWER, Si. 64. Green Lawn !dowers from 17s. 6d. STEW LAWN MOWERS, warranted good cutters. 10in. 11 12s. 121 n. 13s. Grass S beers from ls. Syringes from Is Water Home Ace 20. per foot. Hose Reel 6s 6d. Bet of Garden Tools 3s. 6et

A 2 2-C T . GOLD W MIMING RING EMIL We will present absolutely withoiit charge a Government- stamped 22-at. Gold Wedding Ring to purcihas.rs of Fund- tore to the amount of £l2 and upwards at our low advertised prices. UnirecKiented offer.

S3P7 —PAHLOUIt IJiTt. In ruby plush, 6 pieces S. UD —Couch, 2 essies, and 3 smalls ; also a pretty i'd..iLOUR SUITE, in saddlebags. 7 pieces, solid mahogany frames, at 60s. ; nice Suite in pretty tapestry, 50s. ; and a butte In saddlebags, quite new, at £5. Nice Settee Drawing- room Suite, at 42.5. 6d. Leather Cloth Suite, 6 pieces, at 395. 6d. to 50s.

k 8 17 6 • (Worth (2U.)-Itlagnificent CHIP- S. D. PtiNDALE sUITE In green silk, latest shape. high-back chairs cdbrlole legs. High-low Couch and Tub-sbaped Rallies. Also a superior tiuite in Red Carriage Cloth, fumed oak, nine pieces. at £lo.—Also costly DIVAN SUITE in English Axminster begs' at £lO 10s. • all like new.—HUGHES BROTHERS, 116 Brownlow:hill.

g —(Worth - wing DIINSSING ClißsT and WASHSTAND, solid (no veneering), 4 large drawers in chest, with railed jewel drawers under square bevelled mirrors, large swing glass In centre, and movable wings at sides. all be elled ; statuary marble slab washstand, art tile back, surmounted with movable shaving is irror, pedestal underneath and slipper shelves, towel rail attached. Also a grand Pair of t•olid Walnut Cheval Tables, sunk centres. at £7 ; worth £I2:—HUGHES B dOTHERS. 50 --koirmoom surni. Wardrobe, Dressing Chest S. with mirror, Washstand with marbie slab and tile back, Towel Hall, and Two Chairs, nicely painted and grained, looks equal real oak with inlay flowers. As.. very pretty. Aiso another Suite in walnut colour at £4 19s. 6d, —HUGHBi BROTHERS.

HANDSOnfili fiRDROOM SUITS, SIDRWING RBYLBCTING MIRRORS, AD CHAIRS. k 17 to ,--(Wortb Doublel.—Very handsome, S. D. BBDROOM nUlTß,solid,not vineeted bushed kind stained with rich walnut, dressing hheat, with fonr large deep drawers, fitted with locks and keys.and brass handles, large bevelled swing glass in cent,-e, with nine carved too, and 2 bevelled square mirrors at sides, over con- venient jewel drawers and recesses. also 2 large bevelled wing MirrOril at ends ; washtand with statuary marble slab, and handsome double art tile back, with enclosed pedestal and brass towel taut attached ; tult-size wardrobe, richly carved isnels, with full-length bevelled robing mirror in door, larte "caging compartment, with deep bonnet drawer underneath ; loose pediment, choicely hand-carve I. A bar. gain seldom met with. Only £6 17e, 6d. the suite complete

2 10 —Handaome cotid,Wainut (guaranteed no- S. vineer) Cheval BDROOAI UITH, be,elleu side wings on dressing chest, corner jewel boxes, with bevelled mirror doors, extra long centre robing mirrors; washstand with St. Anne's marble slab and back, with shaving mirror ; magnificent carved and large wardrobe , splendid design ; and a floe Sheraton inlaid Mahogany buite , large wardrobe, at el 7 Os. ; and one Sft.. In burr walnut, &ill 10, —HUGHES BROTHHItS. 116 Brownlow-hill.

Blips Esau. AND ariilNO AitArritkiib. QOl —THB LOT COMPLISTIL—SpIendid Brass- OD. rail Bedsteads. Spring Mattress. with 4 cross bands and pliapine sides; and fun-slze Wool Bed. Bolster. and 2 Pillows ; quite new arid clean. Also a very floe 6UITB. Including heavy feather bed. massive brass-mounted leedstead. and spring mattress, only 595. 6d.

19 6 • —Real DttUr.•SkiLd tlAkttla. ;sue size, ..IS. D. second-band ; also a Tapestry Bruesels Carpet, V= equase yards, like new, 10s. 61. ; one larger 13s. 6d. ; andinster C•alet, rich Oriental design, 4by 3, 72s 6d• ; also a Brussels arpet. 6 by 4. 72e. 6.1. never been down ; 100 new and secondhand C.lrpets to choose from a t HIIGHBS BlIOTHISR••

[Masi nun min a AND "Kies rosawThitsai(+. II%) —Brass FIRE SIN Comprising handsome S. al 0. brass kerb. with ni ely-mou'ded base.thic, brass rail and knobs, and stair or fixed raised dogs on scroll supports ; also Set of FILSB BILASSHS, nioaly-designed hasdles : only 12s, 6d. the lot; and a White Skin Bog Bs. 61 , lovely long silken hair ; Black ditto Its. 9d. ; Old Gold 19s 61.

ItiASEI NAIL tu size Bsbi.; also soft 11 Flock Bed and 2 Pillows, quite new, 61. 11d. MAHOGANY OHItST OF DNAWESS, oak lined, 515.; Smaller ditto from tos FHATHRR BE 0, eivAr. linen tick, good Ore , 193. OVaIiMANYFIL walnut, shaped bevelled mirrors. IS.. ; also a very large one in solid mahogany, nearly 61t high, ES.. Ed. and one in gilt frame at 10s. 6d. WAR!) WAR, walnut, ulate.gla.s ndir or doo-, 50s. lidawOßTH WUINGIi. 2s ; c.plt.l onditlon ; cast 655. ; also new one 355. Leather Couch 15s. KITOH RN' DRESSIta white top, 18.. 6).. 7 drawers and Cupboard ; and a bideboard Dreas,r, yen abo.y. bevelled mirror tack, suitable for a parlour, at 39.. 6d. ; Kitchen Chairs from Is. 6).; Kitchen 'l'ables, 2 leaves, 6.. 6d. ; Pans, Pots, Oilcirth, dte. Eceryd.hing neeesarrr at HUGH BROTHHIti.

QIIN, Mitt DI*PLAY or' Jllv. i5.,14101.• WALL:tilt ), Li CHAINS, RINGS, SOLID bILVRR AND ELEOTRO- PLATH AND CUTLERY. AARBLE, GRANDFATHER, & OTHER CLOOKS, ALL EQOAL To NEW AND FIT NOR PRESICNTATION, SEVEN LARGE WINDOWS ON VIEW. HUGHES EBOTHEES, PAWNBROKERS, &c., 116, 118, 120, 125 a,ND 127 BROWNLOR-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

DON'T MISS THIS SPECIAL OPPORTUNITY. IMPOrtalt Saie—great neductions Monday July 2nd to Saturday Aug. 4 (inclusive) r E Furnishing Stores, Ln Bold St., Liverpool. s. Important concessions. Immense Stock. CAS} I 0.7 a ..EASY Send for Special Sale and other Catalogues.

' . COA . D B Li Rydm . , COCOA Higrhest in 2ca al ity. Lowe's* in Far-i ca. _ ___

~113 EAL HOLIDAY TIME NOT A HOT, TIRESOME TIME, BUT,A. COOL, RESTFUL, REFRESHING HOLIDAY, HAS THE MAN IN THE SAXONY FLANNEL SUIT. Made specially light—with no sacrifice of the true stylishness for winch our Suits are famous, it is well on the way to being the ideal Suit, for Summer. .6 And our New Series of Stylisll Cloths iset another link tee hold of Fashion's Chain. The Lounge Suit, 50,1., 65,/., 63- upwards. BOYDELL BROTHERS 43, Bridge Street, Warrington.

, INDIGEsTion . _is__ THE BANE OF • MANKIND. HERE-IS A CASE IN POINT: "I got into a low weak state, always tired and heavy, and with no desire for food. Next I had pains in the pit of the stomach and sides after eating, which steadily grew positively agonising. I grew weaker daily, and so thin and pale that I seemed to be wasting away. My friends thought I was in a decline; I was so thin and white. The least exertion caused me to faint right away. My mother care- fully carried out the doctor's in- structions, but his medicine did me no good.. At last mother decided to give me Mother Seigel's Syrup, as it had always done her good. Very soon my appetite returned, I picked up rapidly and gained strength. Since then I have been as well and strong as ever in my • life, all due to Mother Seigel's Syrup." (Signed) Miss Florence, Edge, 4, Gothic Cottages, Hunter's Vale, Hockley, Birmingham. • MOTHER , SEI , EL'S SYRUP I ENSURES GOOD DIGESTN.. IO The 26 bottle contains three times as much as the 1,1 size.

' af.4 19,4 1111 . 1.-0-- . P 47,. • APPLY TO DEALERS FOR CATALOGUEI I a __ _

iii.',. . ~ , ... • ,s __.' ' _ • . , ~, ;-14,,ik, ~' ~ - , -No : f i. ,`,;; ', ,• „r i.rnt's / . ..._. ; ci \ I \ 1 ' The right good starch. r t.: ! COLMAN's . # STARCH f t , ',, • :. /-N, -t •. _ . w . Re,.

the new brown bread, contains all the body-building salts and nourishment of the wheat. Unlike ordinary brown bread, a "Taro; "1 oaf is light in crumb and beautifully crusty. The flour is partially cooked in preparation, hence " Turog " Bread • is very digestible. Write to-day for Free Sample Loaf, mentioning your baker's name and address to SPILLERS & BAKERS. LTD., (Dept. P 1 6) CARDIFF.

an. T HAZLE WOOD Estab. 1870. CYCLES: Highest Grade. ....._ . Our Trade Matli • \ \i, --' AIIP F rout en Butes %.,* ,4. The Best Valor>, ~-...------,.- tO- - I, w \ At, 110,121' c.r.thz.e., Fr". th.. ...AP to —9 .... le. %ill' "f" ' "Sre; S. ever omm--,ed Osr Policy, "Ono Scout Gtoe District." 'Whop purloin per Cs for 1906, sand to us fcr tho nun of our twist Scent, snd ye 11.1144ta foryour requirements. HAZLEWOODI3, Ltd., Coventry. .4 emir van fed Tulterr *tot strpsvitrettof .

Tor ouLTRY ilousEs and BUNS, in sections co-nplete from 21s. ; Dog Kennels from 6s. 6d. each; Pigeon Houses f•om 15s. ; Dog Howes and Runs from 255. ; Collie Kennels and Platform. 12s. 6d. ; Breeding Kennels from 501. ; Roofing Felt, Bs. 6d. per roll; 6 rolls, 20..—SIUTH AND Co., Sectional Builders, 56. Seel at., Liverpool.

riiNA Wbolesale.—Delleious Ceylon, 3 pounds 3s. 91 , tree. FRANI: BEVAN, 50, Mark lar, Loudon. rriwo CiiItICHNS 4s. 6d. ; butter le. id lb. ; Bggs Is. 1. doz.—BEE, Kllle3handra, Cavin, Ireland. 6 ~,. • WHITE GLAZED TILES. for wail.: 216 delivered - >32e. 6d•—ALCoCK. 50 Cromford rd., Wandsworth.

00K Brilliant Glaze. Best linoleum reviver ,non-sli (L bla polishing required. Sold by oilmen and grocers,ete. Sample, poet free M., front Works.Wanatead, Loudon, H.

THERE'S MONRY LS IT —Remnants by weight J. experience nnnevessary ; send stamp for catalogue oldest est,blishedf—COCHßANE'S VAREILOUBE, Regent rd. bailor& Manchester.

STUARI'S Emart "Genuine" TAILOR-MAMA DOSTUMIIS and Dresses to measures ; two guineas. Patterns illustra- tions an I measure forms, post tree.--EruAwr (from tiaaol- bredg), 20, Albany it., Regents Park, Loadon.

A LL Hairdressers should try Cumberbirch'i celebrated QUERN RAZOR, cheapest and best yet produced ; every razor guaranteed ; praised by all users.—Write for price to 27, ROCHDALE an..Shudehill, Manchester.

QUPHRFLuOtIs HAlR.—Pertwned Slectrolysis (by Mr. 1,3 Parke.' Invention) supersedes all other systems In rapidity for permanent destruction. The only met-od which never disappoints By appointment only.—Stamped envelope to iwr. ROBERT J. PARKE., 2, Church at., Southport.

WIRE NAILti (Mixed), 85. per cwt, 281135, 25. 3d.; Rcrewm, mixed. 28s. per cwt. ?Elba 7m. 6d.; Wire, Cut, Wrought, and Malleable Nails. TkJks, Rivets, etc•, etc., wholesCe prices.—MIDLAND NAIL WOMCS, 25 and 26,11 ea st., Brirningbam, JOHN PYNS, Proprietor.

FrO BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemicil or other works requiring .pace.—Address J. HOSIEIN6, 18, Penwick street, Liverpool.

QYMONS' DRVONSHIRECYDIiff: made from SISLNCTED L 7 APPLES ; eee Analyst's Reports. Special Brands: IMPERIAL" and" APPLE A BLOSSOM." Suppilel in Casks and Bottles by all the leading Bottlers. TOTNES. DEVON; AND BATCLIFP. LONDON, E.

91HRRI4-MANUAL ORGAN for Sale; cheap; to make I room for larger lartrument in Mill Hill Congregational Church, Blackburn ; swell, six stops ; great,five stops ; choir, four stops ; pedal, two ; and three coviolers.—For permission to view, apply. GREENWOOD, 24, Brothers at., Mill Hill, Blackburn.

VOR SALB, 500,000 spring Sown Plants. Giant Drum- head Cabbage 2s. 6d 1.000 ; Early Market Cabbage. 2s. ed. ; Calkeith Brussels, 2s. 6d. ; Curled Kale, 3s. 1.000; bead Kale, 2s. 6d. ; Savoy's, 35.; Cauliflower, 3s. 6d. ; White Spring Broccoli, 4s. The above are On rail here for osb with order.—W.HoP.YZ So:re, Cliffe. near Rochester, Kent.

4 PHOPITABLE BUSINIBSS.—Cheap Wares for sp. B9ZIMII. Dealer& Auctioneers. Marketmen de. Cheap Crate Hawkers' Seconds, Earthenware, etc. 50'3 articles, all sound and saleable, 395. 6d. Complete Catalogue for those established or commencing 3d. stamps.— ARTHUR J. HULL (Dep. WE.), King st., Longton, Staffordshire.

rILOR-MDS COSTUMES, TO MiI&SURII, 3te. 6D , K... 744474 COMPLETE. , All-wool cloth ; coat lined silk ; skirt linenette ; Voile Dresses 235. 91. Testimonials daily. Write pattern', 3ce. LONDON MANUFACTURING CO., LTD. 19, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON

SYMONS' DBVONS,4IRII CIDHR. Made from S.eleeted Apples. See Analysts' Reports. Special Brands, " Imperial " and Apple and Blossom." Supplied In Casks and Bottles from all the leading bottlers. TOTNBS, DRVON, AND RATCLIFF, LONDON. B.

ARDEN Marl INN meth. Keeps out the smallest kfi birds • oiled and dressed ; will not rut If left out In all weather'; 105yd5. by lyd. wide, 41. ; by 2 yds. wide. Bs. ; by 3yds. wide, 121. ; and so on up to any width; carriage paid on orders over ss. ; cash returned if not approved of—H. 7. G.aescus, Net Works, Rye.

FIVE SECOND-HAND PIANOS (RETURNED FROM HIRE). FOR SILK. CASCI OR BASF PAYMBNTS. GUARANTEED 10 YEARS. TUNED FREE 12 Momrs. B. 'WADS WORTH'S, E. 9. SAN KRY-STREBT, WARRINGTON,

yiLL4.-TO BI SOLD or LIT, superior semi-detached Villa, just completed, in Marlborough Crescent, Latchford-without. Magnificent outlook, large garden : every modern couvenleuca.—Apply F. W. WRIGHT, Builder, 27, at. Mary's at.. Warrington.

ANTBD TO ADOPT A BABY GIRL—Good home. V V livery care taken. Premium required to be paid down when taking baby —Address D. 8., lixaminer Office. Warrington.

"VT ILlC—Ciood DAM hS WANTED ; cans provided if 111_ required.— LANCARIIIRE HYGIENIC DAIRIES. LTD., chief offices 65 to 85 Mulherry et., liulme, Manchester. Largest firm of dairymen in Rogland.

SANITARY IN cPSCITORS.—Lady Health Visitors ; £lOO to £36o.—Several bun ired vacsncles annually ; postal lessons now commencinc for Liverpool exam.; 400 success- ful canelidates.-51ukaxise, Science Teacher, Sunderland.

kEBT6 & CLAIMS collected and purchased. Divorce and enquiries. Advice in all matters. Advances arrange t on freeholds, leaseholds, reversions, policies and other property. BIZIICANTILE TILDE SOCIETY. LTD., 62, Sdevire rd., London.

('LASS BLOWERS WAs+TED to blow electric bulbs. Young men (bottle blowers) or others willing to learn (non Unioniits preferred) will get good wages and Jon.tant employment. Als.. tube drawer wanted.—Apply BAIMAS, Lemington Glass Works. Lemington-on-Tyne.

WITHOUT INTHIiFiIIiING with ordinary employment workmen can largely increase their Income by Wang up a Leisure Time Agency ; in four years I have paid £112,655 19s. 9d. commission to Spare Time Agents only • I provide and sell everything. Write for particulare.—J. GRAVES, LTD., Agency Dect.. 9heffield.

CANVASSERS.—Wanted by a leading house, eanvasiers calling at private houses all over England, to sell a 6d. article ; very liberal terms offered to introduce a new line. Foil information will be sent to canvassers having Hawkers' License only. Address in first Instance. Box No. 389, c/o Aakow & THATCHER, Holborn Place, London. W.C.

ANTED, a respectable Young MA( as COLLECTOR( t for the London and Blanchester Industrial Assurance Company; a good £5 Debit; applicant must be able to deposit £lO as security ; also two good Men as door to door Canvassers ; go -d salary and times given.—Apply to F. N. PENKETH, Superintendent. Winwick it., from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.

FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOCKS, &c., BOUGHT FUR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT OR ADVANLIIS MADB. HIGHEST PRICAS GIVEN. NO CHARGE FOR INSPECTION /1 H ARTLEY AND k)O., 12. MOSS-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

fIYCLEB.-5.0C0 guaranteed Machines, 8.8. A. and Badie's V ram and second-hand flom 265. ; accessories halt-price. Send for BC-page Catalogue free; wholesale prices ; eye- onener to all ; 50 per cent cheaper than others. Agents Wanted.—WARRILOW CO., Weston—super-Mare.

000 FRIO WHBELS,Iin.& in pitch,ls. 11d. esch; 500 new saddles, best leather, Z. 6d. each ; 1,000 silver-plated handle-bars, 2s. 6d. each ; chains, bells, spanners. bags, lamps, prices right. Write tor 80 page wholesale list. fret.— WARRILOW & Co., Weston-super-Mare.

24 18 S. a —Bare Bargain. Gent's High Grade _ 11D. Superior CYCLE, unused, and not soiled, new departure coasting hub, free wheel and back pedalling brake; also front Inverted lever rim brake, A. Won Clincher Ty( es, on silver-plated rims, with enamelled centres, beautifully enamelled and gold lined, mud-guards, lamp, bag, bell,spanner, oil—can and pump; lowest £4 18s 6d; only wants seeing; approval before decidlng.--r. HUMP/MIES, Shirley, Bilenborough Park, Weston-suer-Mare.

'UGH DiSPOaAL, a Bargain, Gent's Coventry ball tree 12 wheel CYCLII ; not soiled new a, Xmas, silver plated rims, all parts beautifully plated on Copper, rim brake, new and up to date, not ridden more than n miles, best pneu- matic tyree and tubes never punctured, guaranteed all new, complete with plated gas lamp, bell, bag, pump spanner and oiler, also enamelled Mud Guards, cash urgently wanted ; £3 12e. 6d, approval willingly. T. HITIBAND, Chargrove House, Ashcombe-road, Weston-Super-Mare.

CYCLEI (bargain, marvellous sacrlfice).—Gent's New Cycle, not used a dozen times, highest grade, best pneumatic tyres and tubes, two rim brakes, inverted levers, latest 1906 machine ; beautifully plated, enamelled and gold lined, plated rims, enamelled centres ; ball free wheel; magnificent machine; cash urgently wanted; 2; 10s.; complete, With plated gas lamp, bell, bag, pump, ite.; approval before cash sent.-31. HOUSE, Elton, Ashcombe Park rd„ Weston-soper-Mare.

EA, STREIt .ts CO., 166, LONDON RD.. LIVERPOOL, L have the following first-class Secondhand CARRIAGES FOR SALM at reasonable prices 4 Landaus (two with rubber tyres). 4 Victoria' (one double victoria). 2 Large Waggonettes, carrying 12 and 14 persons, 5 Erougtrards. in capital order. 1 Liverpool Dogcart, suit 15 to 16 hands. 1 Pony Governess Cart, suit 12 hinds. 6 New Governess Carts, various sizes and prices. Full particulars on application to 166, London rd., Liver- pool. Telephone 2114 Royal.

MA RiCogOnNoln Star Colt. OTJor,e.bBOD"iOni!ilisrEer Agunams u. 1 attooorles , Horns. Lamps (Paraffin and acetylene), Carbide, :Petrol ; all the latest ; Repairs tro all cars. Arrol-Jobestoue Cars : The 1245-h.p.. at £4lO, is equal to, and will maintain a better average speed than any :other make at £5OO ; have a trial free. , THE LIVERPOOL MOTOR-HOUSE, LTD., 6, ATHERTON-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telegrams : '• Centurion." Garage • Day Free. Telephones: 1828, 6850. 1/- Right. J. WILSON, MANAGER.

MOTuR-CAR INSTRUCTION AND MANAGEMENT. Driving, mechanism, repairs taught in specially equipped garage, fitted with gas engine, lathe, itc., on either Petrol, Steam, or Electric Cars, by practical and experienced in struc• tors, under constant supervision of a QUALIFIED ENGINEER. The course is unlimited, and pupils are kept till they are thoroughly proficient snd able to qualify for the Co.'s czrti- ficates.--sLiffeloNs Motoß THAIZILNG Cfarage, 28 Victoria Street, London, S.W.

" E NERHINE" THF NEW Moroi: SPIRIT GIVES INCREASED POWER AND SPEED, WILL ItOT CARBONIZE YOUR SPARKING PLUGS, AND GIVES NO ODOUR FROM THE EXHAUST. " ENERGI/ZE " WILL REDUCE YOUR PETROL BILLS. IT 113 ES FROM 50 TO 80 nit CENT. FURTHER THAN OTHER PETROLS. GIVE IT A TRIAL. " ENERGINE " IS FREE FROM ACID. SOLE Acaorrs THE " E _NERGINE" (British-Agency) CO., 19, SECRETING STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ANGUitsBY : RHOSNEIGH.-51413L0G LAMB HOVEL. Sportsmah's holiday tome. Adj Ans sea. lake, and surrounded by exe-Ilent golf links ; sea. trout, and coarie fishing ; bathing, boating, ehooting,—Moderate Inclusive terms from PROPIII

' BLACKPOOL. / AOLB A N'El PRIVATE HOTEL, 11.1 LANSDOWNE CRE3OENT, NORTH SHOE. Finest position on Sea Front. Near Stations and North- Pier. Late dinners (s orate tables). Moderate Tariff. Telephone No. 0559. Isoply PROPRIETREPS

DOUGLAS. —ManVtingbam House (the original), 1, Castle Drive; opposite Castle Kona Hotel ; near shore an') places of amusement ; board from 51. ; beds 25.--Mrs. WoODRFAD.

lOUGLAd.—Nrs. MoCuttoca, Abercrombie House, 2, If Rota-avenue West. Overlooking the entire bay. Boarders and non-boarders. Beds. 2s. per night; board, from zis. Bd. Trams f•om steamer every minute.

DOUGLAS.—KLLUS:II4 RH. 3. 'impress Drive. Centrist Prom. ; splendidly situated ; board from ss. ; tea, bed and breakfast, 3s. 6d. ; beds. 2s. ; private sitting-rooms ; trams from pier p.. am)? —THoNfp.p‘r ANT) VT,Tcp; rwonD DUBLIN.—Comfortable, Select PRIVATE 110 fah, 86, Lower Gardiner at. ; neutral ; bed, breakfast, baths, 2s. ed. Mr.. Lyon. I.4IROIRALD HYDRO. 75, Lower Gardiner it.. Dublin.— ' ea, bedroom, breakfast, 3s. ed. ; bathe.—Mrs. DOCTOR KISBY, Proprietress.

HARVEY'S, " INGLEWOOD,' BOARDING ESTAB- LISHMEvr, 6, Derby terrace, Central Promenade, Douglas, Isle-of-Man. Finest position on sea front; magnificent views of the hay and h..,llands ; cars from Pier pass the door; late dinn.r ; ss. per day.—Mre. HARVEY.

TLFRACO 31 8 II GRAS VILL First-chute 130 1.3 ING-HOUSR.--Grand eea views, comfort, slciAbility good cooking; 42 bedrooms ; I,BCO references ; Guide gratis.—W. R. FOSTER.

LANDUIRIO.—BARON HILL BOARDING ISSTAB- I 4 LISHM/INT, ORAIG-Y-DON ; private apartments ft desired: splendid views • two minutes from promenads ; moderate terms. --Mrs.

LLANDUDNO—West End Private HOTEL and Boarding Establishment ; charmingly situate(' ; uood sea views ; Large drawing, dining, smoking rooms; 40 bedrooms ; table cebore ; separate tables; excellent cuisine ; moderate terms. —Manageress, Miss SHIPMLN.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO $0 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 71, RUSTON SQUARE. Ho mit COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET+ CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

111111WLLHELI, N.W.—XOUTH BEACH HOTEL; first post- tion facing south, sea, and promenade; excellent tables, every comfort ; Inclusive terms, £2 25., £2 12s. 6L ; Sanita- tion perfect.

v‘i HITHHIIAD, Hr. IMILFAAT.—" SUNSHINB HOUSE' PRIVATII HOTHL. Close to the SO4 and Golf Links. An Ideal Holiday Home. Delightful Scenery. Booting. Bathing, Fishing The adjoining Wniks, Caves, and Cliffs are admired by all Visitors. Luggage Carted Free. Terms on application to Mrs. WYLIE. Foetal Address : " Sunshine House," Blackhead, Whitehead, co. Antrim.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38. CHAPEL-hTREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. CROIB PARTIEs, PICNICS &C., TEsT/moNIALS YEWS ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 04E5. THE OLDRoT ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

DOUGLAS 1.0. M. YOU WANT A COMFORTABLE PLACE TO STAY WHILE ON YOUR HOLIDAYS—TRY TELE CLUMBER DERBY TERRACE, CENTRAL PROMEHADI3. stands in the centre of the promenade with magnificient views of bay and headlands. GOOD BEDS reds from 26. GOOD ATTENDANCE Full board GOOD TABLE with every attention Satisfaction Guaranteed from ha. W. EATERON. Proprietor.

A PABTMRSTS.—Housa standing in own grounds, facing Li Conway Castle, Peumaenmawr Lilis ; healthy and delightful situation.—Mrs. HILL, Sllnafon, Degattwy, Lirincludno.

AYARTMENTS.-oountry, comfortable, healthy; no chil- dren ; terms moderate ; ac3ommodation for 0 yelists ; suitable for picnics ; day's notice required.—SANDY; Windy Harbour, Whlatnn, Preacoa

A RRSIDB via CAllNFORTH.—Comfortable FURNISHBD COITAGH TO LET, two bedrooms, four single beds; sea sir ; beautiful extensive view.—Juty, August, 255. weekly, —6, MOUNT PLEASANT.

BLACKPOOL—PubIie and private APARTM NTS, sea view ; one niinuce Victoria pier and station,--lirs. INGRAM, 12 Withnell rd., South Shore. BLACKPOOL, SOUTH SHOHH.—Coinfortable APART- MEN IS, is. each person per night mlnute to station and 884.—Mrs. KING, 66, Dean it.

BLACK POO L. —Comfortable A PAItTIIK NT3. with or without board ; reasonable charges ; two minutes from Central ctation ; piano.—Mrs. WIDDUP, Healey House, 19, Vance rd.

BLA.OI{POOL.—Mrs H. HOWIE., Haberley House, 19. Cocker it., North Shore. Public and Private APART- SIENTo. Close to sea and Talbot rd,, station. Terms on application.

BLAOKPOOL. SUPERIOR APARTMENTS.—HaIf a minute from Prom enade three minutes from Talbot rd. HAWK,INS, 9. PLEASANT ST., CLAREMONT PARK. Telegrams " Rmr4lreney.' Telephrine, 0633.

PLADKu IYOL.—SOperior APART alliNTS.publio or private; terms moderate ; sea yieyy from every window, —Mrs. Wm. mALam, Dodo House, Promenade, South Shore, ;formerly of Northwich),

BLACKPOOL. —Very Comfortable APARTMENTS. with or without board. can be had at MRS. MITCHELL'S, 49, Urdington rd. ; four minutes from Central Station and out ; Piano. Stamp for reply._

LACK POOL —Comfortable publio and pig ir.te APART- .") MMUS • one minute from sea and Talbot road Station , 2s. night for two persona—Mrs. )0/URS4-LEY, 22, Lord at.. (late of Albert rd.)

BLAOKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMEINTS with or without board. Facing Bea. Close to pier and promenade. Sitting and bedroom. Comfortable for obil- drew —fdre. LITTLEmonn, Welt House, Waterloo rd.

COLWYN BAY. Cardigan Home, Greenfield rd.—Comfort- able APARTMENTS. board if desired ; two mini. from promenade and pier; 5 mini. from woods terms moderate; Special attention to invalida.—Nurse K. K.JOIVE9.

DGUGLAS.— Comfortable APARTHRDITS with or with- out board. Beds from 11. 6d. per night. Trams pa.. from pler.—fars. WARD, ILmsbottom House, 8, Maywood. Grove.

I)OUGLAS, 18LIS OF MAN.-22. Deainesue rd. (off Bucks rd.); Ccrnfortable APARTURN Cd -with or without board ; tea; bed and breakfaat 21a. weekly.— Mrs. SKINNER.

fl OUGL4S, 1.-0.-IL—Visitors will find comfortable homely APART tint I'd in pianism situation. Con- venient for promenade. Trams pass end of road.—Miss JoHNSTONF.. 6, Kensington rd., off Bucks rd.

DouGLAs.—Tkili MANOR, Belmont Terrace, 114, Circular road. APARTMENTS with or without board; beds from la. 6d. ; tea, bed and breakfast, 31. 6d. ; fall board from 4s, 6d. Mrs. SORRBOH, late of the "St. Elmo."

DiitiAs.—& Home from Home, with or without board, w a few minutes wick from Promenade and Bathing grounds. - Mrs. Jorms. Bimini& Rothe, Hutchinsoa Square, Broadway, Douglas, 1.0,81. Cable cars from Pier right to Hutchinson Square.

DOUGLAS. SBA VIEW, HUTCHINSON SQUARE (off Br/adway). COMPORTABLB APARTMRNIS with or without board' Near sea. Horse and cable csrs pass near square. Terms very m4rate. MRS. ALF. SMITH.

GCIA WSW ORTIi.—To be LET, newly furnidsed Villa ; two entertaining. five bedrooms, kitchen, coachhcuse, stable, ac --TIERSoY, Harrington Arms, Gawsworth, near Macclesfield.

ARROGATE.—Consfortabie APARTMENTS. Central, II L Five minutes from wells, baths, ire. Beds 2s. per BELIVORT RD. H an Le alire H. e,a Ngoorp slinks .. —geowm of oirtrnloew: Snowdon, RaToM.EtiniEs. mcdetate. —ROBERTS, London House. HO/LAKE4.—`iuperlor APARTMENTS offered in private house.-19, CHURCII RD., Hoylake.

I LANDUDISO, Asbgrove, North Madoo mt.—Private I I APANTMISNTS, two minutes from pier sod Great Orme. Central for all drives. For terms apply Mrs. J. ROBERTS.

ILLOM —APARTMEINTS. To be Let, two Furnished .1./1. Bedrooms and Sittinarooms ; country farmhouse ; near railway station ; moderate terms.—Mrs. GRLVES, Duddon Mount, The Green, althorn. Cumberland.

ODiSIiN country APARTMHNTS; hilly healthy district; _AL gardens, Dibasant surra,inding, Hollingworth Lake. /to • near ; 1 or 2 bedrooms ; piano ; permanency if desired ; moderate.—BRAMWELL, Norden Villa, Norden, Roch dale.

AroltTttolißt'bo..WrciEt piano,—Comfortable ne a LA T 1 al4 nK Tpl a, t wa arid Alhambra, terms moderate.—Mrs. TiTTERSILL, 82, Regent rd.

OREVAMBH WHST END.—Publio and private 1,1 APARTMENTS. Highly recommended ; cheerful nepert ; near Pier end Alhambra ; bath, piano, electric light. The Misses SUTCLIFFE, Rothery House, 45, Regent rd.

MORIVJAMeiIe.—To be let well FUR3IBIIRD VILLA, August, September or longer, Drawinn. Dining Rooms, four good bedrooms, kitchen, scullery, bathroom riot and cold water (2 VV.O.'s), aoaohhouse and stabling for 2 horses, garclen and lawn, eleettio light throughout.—Apply Mrs. SCOTT, a r eta'lisnk, MoreCambe.

ivIORETON HAMPBTHAD,near Dartmoor. Devon.—Well- furnished Route, 2 reception, 5 bedronne, bathroom, clreseingroorn ; large shady garden, plate. linen and garden produce for summer.—Apply FORD, Glendale, Moreton- bampstead.

iv EAR CHUM)II STRISTION.—APARTM4NTS. be and sitting-rOorn • close to church and post office ; near bills; with or without hoard; good cooking; piano —MID ()READER, Car:Snub/3n. Near Church Stratton. Salop.

PWLLHBLI, N. WALES—Large House on Promenade. .1 recommended by visltors• Ho,trd or APAAINIIiNri, Golf. Tennis, Good fishing. Bathing.—MATTHs'WB, 19, West Bad.

DBRZANCIE. —Persons reciArlng Apartment+ or Fur:1103,4 linuaes for Summer Holiday!' please apnyty ; terms arrauged. ro charge.—Bowix I'. PARRaNT. House Agent, Penzance.

RHYL—Comfortable APARTKIINTS ; sea view ; bath &o. Rettrences.--caxamtaLt., Riveradale (first door off Parade). Rk RYL.—gin e and flouble-bedded Rooms. Sitting-rooms centrally ltuated, pleAsant surroundings ; home. 18, VALE EOAD.

LADIES' TAILORING. SUMMER COSTU M DUST CLOAKS, EXCLUSIVE STYLES, SMART MATERIALS, EXPiiRT WORKMANSHIP, MODERATE PRICES. W. HODGKINSON, LTJ., BRIDGE sTRE ET, WAR R INGToNt

FOUND VIAT FOR QUALITY & VALLIPI IN IWINES SPIRITS FULTON BROS. CANNOT BIC BE:TEN. FULTON BROS. 20, RENSHAW STREET LIVERPOOL. ALSO AT FULTON'S BUILDINGS 11001:IDALB, Telenhone 2261 Royal, Liverpool.

VAUXHALL JARAGE. T.AIVERPOOL (WHIPPLE k CO.) 32 TO 36 VAUXHALL WAD. EXPERT LXAMNATIONS AND RSPAIRS. SUPPLIKS AND ALL ACCE3SORIE3. Telephone 6324. Telegrams ;—" Whipple," Liverpool.

WALKING DAY. Is at hand and we went you to know that we have just received a beautiful !assortment of smart and carefully: selected novelties in Blouses, Belts, Gloves, ditto, Lace Sleeves, Ties. Fancy Lace Goods, Collars, Skirts, Sunshades, Blouse Materials, Sm., Ac. All up-to-date and lowly priced. See windows. ' \V. T. WILLIASIF, WRITE HOUSE, SANKEY ST.

WARRINGTON --- Index to Inside :Pages. PAGE. 2. Women's Chat and Fashions. "A Son of Empire," (selial). 3. Education Committee. Cricket 6. Local Church News. District News. Children's Corner. 7. Bowling. • Cycling Gossip. Notice. _ . .

MAZAWATTEE STILL HOLD ' THE RECORD FOR DUTY PAYMENT ON TEA ACTUALLY BOUGHT & CLEARED. Al! Leading Grocers stock it.

NATIONAL FREE CHURCH COUNCIL AND SUNDAY OBSERVANCE. Rey. J. Scott Lidgett, M.A., President, and Rev. Thomas Lair, Secretary, of the National Council of the I Evangelical Free Churches have issued the following appeal to the Secretaries of the 806 local Councils of England and Wales : As you are probably aware a Committee has been formed, including representatives of all the Churches in this country and of many other organizations, to safeguard Sunday observance in this country. It is proposed that a united effort shculd be made in November next, and that preparatory sermons on the subject should be preached in the Churches and Chapels on Sunday July lat. • On behalf of the Executive Committee of the National Council of the Evangelical Free Churches w,e most earnestly invite the sympathy and active co-opera- tion of all Free Churchmen in this matter. The churches cannot be indifferent to the many efforts which are being made to rob the nation of the priceless posses- sion of Sunday rest and the sacred influence of divine worship and quiet family communion. Will you immediately communigate with all the ministers of Free Churches in your Council area, in order to induce them to deal with this subject in a preparatory way on Sunday, July Ist ?" COMMERCIAL FAlLllRES.—According to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette,': the total number of Commercial Failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, June 15th, was 139, viz. :—New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 74; Deeds of Arrangement registered, 65. The I respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were : Bankruptcies, 72 ; Deeds of Arrangement 76—total 148; being a decrease of 9. The total num- ber of Commercit.l Failures recorded during the 24 weeks of the present year is 3,992; the total number recorded in the corresponding 24 weeks of last year was 4,275, showing a decrease of 283.

N EAVES a - dharicterl'ei by exceti% s richtl 1 oBs t P. ur Years C a sil " t" —t al :ta b' Lni Aar4hr c° e78;:till. 144 i 0 -; a 0 0% .0 . ~' $ '

MOST EXTRAORDINARY OFFER. We sell more than all Other Makers combined. therelore our Customeri benefit in Price. The Marvellous Free Gem Ring Book and beautifully Illustrated Nutshell Catalogue are also enclosed. A host of useful and enterfatrung goods or the Winter Season. Yoe should write at once. We give Instant attention. WRITING For 2s, lid. only, complete end Rail Free. Oak Stained and Polished Writing Cabinet Desk, DESKfind . Net Centre, Look and Key, Ink Bottle, a Penholders, ___ _.\?;;lse( PenNl,lead Pencils, E , Sealing Wax . Com. ouTFIT =riltify^Z,l_9,ll nottrui Iti a PATTOrßllnlet ro da • Popes Francis. exchange St., Norwich.

„.. . ,• COMPARISON CONVINCES - -:, .13 f; the keenest critics that on every point most to be desired, v.' ( ....i,,71. ••• ...- .00.5., vi... mi. gig. •........., ..-"t:.i% ~' , , --1 •-• r, • -T- , ....... .... ...... .„4 • ~.., Always prove the World's Bost Value. The machines and their prices justify our claims that '..• for real excellence of workmanship, material, and • finish, with most moderate first cost, there are - • noSitively no bicycles to compare with them. Be- - 4%* foro buying a cycle call and compare New Hudson's „..., with others, and he convinced of their superiority. : RACERS, from £6 12 6 POPULARS, £6 15 0 STANDARDS, £8 8 0. .',. TWO-SPEEDS, from £9 7 6. ROYALS, £l2 12 -, • Easy Terms anywhere, 6, 12, or t 8 rlonths. ~.11 Write for Boautifully Illustrated 64 page Catalogue ' 4 entitled, ” Cycling Pleasures;" post free anywhere. ..a. THE NEW HUDSON CYCLE CO., Ltd., 52, Parade Mills, BIRCIINGHAAL LOCAL ADDRESSES 1 ' F. CR ABTItEE, Bridge St., Warrington. . ,I. AUSTIN, 6t3, King Street, Karlestown. W. qo ()I:, a, Co., 152, Peailey et oss Lane, St. Helens. arammemagazzoammanzazzarrzrzi

WEAKNESS AND LOSS OF FLESH. Dr. Cassell's Flesh-Forming and Strengthening Tablets Are Guaranteed to add One Lb. per Week to your, Weight, Create Nerve 'Force and Bodily Strength. , DR. CAsSELL'S TABLETS increase your weight rapidly they turn fat into healthy flesh, strengthen and till out weak parts of the body. This is proved abundantly by the evidence of medical experts. and the remarkable cures that are daily performed by, this extraordinary remedy. It cures the most pronounced cases of WRECKED NERVES INDIGESTION BODILY WEAKNESS NERVOUSNESS NEURASTHENIA LOSS OF FLESH AN2EMIA PARALYSIP OF NERVES. You will feel 'brighter, stron,cer and healthier, mentally and physically the first day. Ask for DR. CassELL's I,IESH-FORMING tAND 'STRENGTHENING-TABLETS, price Mid. and 2s. 9d. per box. Sold by all Chemists, or post free from the famous Dr. Cassell's Co., Ltd., King Street West, Manchcater. Advice free by letter. • BOWLING. • _— WORKS COMPETITION. The fir. Tound in connection with the Warrington Works Colopetition was completed on Saturday. Two matches were played with the appended results : FLECHER:S (NO. 1). ' WIRE ROPERY. W. Ashall T. Hackett E. Bailey ' 15 J. Looker l3 W. Randalls l5 J. Woods J. Broadhurst‘ 6 C. Perry l5 J. Woods l5 W. Bonnell T. Bridge l4 H. Hickens J. Massey l5 G. Clive l3 .1. W. Evens ` l5 1.1. Allen 5 H. Daintith l5 P. Look( r , E. Shaw . ...... 15 R. Darton • 5 D. Ilichardson . 15 R. H. Holford ;8 170 , 89 RYLANDS (NO. 1). ORFORD TANNERY. G. Shaw • .1. utiaw E J. Skelh'orn A. Shaw W. Daniels 15 J. Andrews G. Monks l5 J. Povey W. Roughley G.Holbrook l5 M Cllllllirp,b•im J. Wells l5 H. Williams 4 K. Knight—. ........ IJ. WorKta I .1. Warburton IW. Butterworth 155 108 DRAW FOR SECOND ROUND. To he playsd July 7th, Whitecross (2) v. Fletcher I Russell (2), Rylands (4) v. Crosfleld's (1), Rylands (2), Iv. Lend N.-W.. Fletcher Russel (1) v. C.L.C. To be played July 14, Rylands (1) v. W'hitecross (1), Penketh' I Tannery v. Richnionds. P. end K. (3) v. Sankey Wire, Mills, P. and K. (1) v. Robinson's, Monks Hall (1) a bye. , Tr4E GREETALL CHALLENGE CUP: CONTEST AT THE C vaTicUß.—The silver cop kindly presented trtrie" E. CCConsorviitive Club by Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart, was p!ayed for on Saturday, and some keen and interest- ing genies were witnessed. Mr. J. Holland won the Cllg. which carries uith it a. gold medal. The Vecond prize In silver medal) was won by Mr. F. Rutter while the third cud fourth prizes \vero won Siy , w. j 1%1 illington end Mr. T. Hot robin, the foll-owing is a full list of the scores 1— i CONTEST AT THE JUNIOR CONSY:RVATIVE CLUB !The main for the Gillert Greene!! Challenge Cur con- cluded at the Junior Conservative Club on Friday. j ties : ' • SEMT-FINAL. T. Well's, 'so '. J. Boardman FINAL. iH. Wells .15 F. Wilkinson FARNWORTH V. WARRINGTON JUNIOR CONSERVATIVE Carat—Played on the ground of the former on Saturday a pleasant game resulting in a win for the home team by 101 points. _ -

r ma 'love You Heard the News? To meet the Competition of' Inferior Makes, we are now offering a . 5t NEW TWO-SPEED 5/ - MODEL , „..........„ ~..„....."^ Of the Famous --- ...„ -- 7.,,•,-.,;..,-,•:.- INF Al •- ' --- ----!:-- --:.-------- --" -_-:--- --,----_____„.. 1--. - --, ; ....- -_, ,---- - ..----1---. • ....j.,. ~., - CIO L , upon these most Re- ------' The Price of this This New Two- rparkable Terms. New Two-Speed Speed Model can Model is be secured for Every one of these / New Models being of 5 £8 .1 5 .0 -- Only with a the Renowned New with order, 5/- Good Discount to Hudson Quality, Best when ready, and Cash Buyers. Built in Britain. Un- balance by equalled Anywhere, monthly payments These New Models are fitted with, the famous Hub Two-Speed Gear, which does away with all the hard work of hill climbing, and enables cyclists to ride faster on level roads without more work. THE CYCLES THAT FLY UP HILLS-. , THE NEW HUDSON CYCLE Co., Ld., SB2iRP/VoenmAlm",' ,

Goddard's- Plate_ - Powder Y3r Cleaning SilverEleetro Piate.do solcl everywherelk 2/6a. 4/c).

ID lea wonderfu ssaterproor H • - BOOTS k ARNESS, a es 9 ten• ......... prostdrv., she leather Pleasant odour allow polish- ing with blanking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIOHESI AWARDS. Dubbin, Fins sd.. OS,:. &:16 of RI 0 I Makers, Saddlers, Ironvotosseers s.e. Mann/actor East DaserscA, London.

"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE."

6.ARK6BLOODMIXTURC

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the Bluod from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its effoits are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. - Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL SKIN &BLOOD DISEASES [ Of all Chemists and Stores, 2/9 per rjottle. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS.

. , SAVE . TIME.TROUBLE • CIIi q` AND MONEY. - - - C OFF E c73:13r0f 'ft4Y/81011l ; OItrAISTI tau 10w.G1.1. OF ALL • GROCERS-., LARGE AND SMALL EiPtYLES

A MARVEL OF CHEAPNESS A Holland Costume for 8/11 q • .7 Coat, Chesterfield shape, - , sacque back, with Vandyck saddle, patch pockets, and • 0 4 gauntlett cuffs, 33 inches 4 p 4 long. Plain Skirt, with • neatly strapped seams. 'rhe Coat can be had by itself for 5/6, or the tr, Skirt for 5/-, We can also supply the same style in a lovely cream or light grey , Striped Flannel 4 fi for 15/11. SEND for our cam- ) -5 plete CATALOGITE „ OF BARGAINS iu ; Clothing, &a. •''\" CELL &Co Merchants 79 PiccadillY' y 1 Manchester-

* ~v ~e,:,•:r: z , ;:3,,,,, es? \ 1 • i , . 4.1„,,,ez.z,,,,,,,1x, ... , V*.t.,.,1 /At ..,\ • ' "4-4, ,w, , , : ,..., , '- '4', CL, " r ? , , -zr , 0 /......43/44'0/' rj vs.wwrig.rgos.. C-*-V.,-- frn----= ''.'.4. ---...tg-o---; TT k = 71-.,...".' HOW TO 53 MAKE CALLONS PRIME BEER (Non-in too MI ling) IN YOUR HOME. MASON'S EXTRACT ... .. SO 0 5 Sugar .. ... ... ... ... ... 0 0 91 Yeast or Barm ... ... ... ... 0 0 1), "M = 2d. PER GALLON. Public Opinion: GOOD! ITS MASONS. No Oilier Extinct makes Beer like it. Send R Stamps for Sample Bottle. or Postcard for address of nearest Agent. A small Pamphlet, hints on Brewing," sent post free on receipt of Id. Stamp. 4 AGENTS WANTED. NEWBALL & MASON. Nottingham.

Tr I FuRNL , • • Established 184,5. MANCHESTER. LARGEST, BEST, and CHEAPEST Stock at about Half Usual Price. ALMOST UNLIMITED CHOICE. PITTS'S FURNISHING GUIDE eon. taming 800 Artistic Designs priced. Post Free. Cash Quotations Only. EAy Payments 10 per cent Extra.

. LONDON ROAD

(--- -1 THOUSANDS ARE Using Bradford's 'VOWEL' Wo.shing Machine fOtt WASHING AT , HOME, saving time, labour, and wear and tear of clothes. 111m:trite,' c.i.talogne on application. L THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140 to 1,2. High llolhorn,Lollllll, Virtori2s AN Cllll6, I*ltuiclot•qer; 130, Bola St root, Liverno.oll Crescent, Ireti NVorks. S3lf,•rd. _...0

ost i, „A „ttZ4 .itt‘. " ''''' ' • awadt. 4,0 A'AS• t S wE Buy OLD OR 4*l'ill..\sl° I DISUSED ,:' ' \,,\ sZt\' izt FALSE TEETH rs •, 1 , 01/4-, . UTMOST VALUE VALUE SENT BY RETURN. . :-.4,.!'-' A, CI 33 ) 41414A35-13). &' '•:1 ni?Difgri7s'• VlTEAgigTrhecllge,forLatFigreilis,(YAWlC-riln,H. :-',-,1-,1... i. ......,,,,,:. 6- :4 T4,..1,363.6'5;jf;Eft: IFpftwi} OLE ENGLAND.R, Ltc m i I_, (thisepnalP7f.) -------, V-

BENSON'S RINGS 10,000 in Stock Largest Stock. Best Quality. Lowest Prices. £1 to £5OO 4., —e4 Brilliants, Pearls, Rubies, 1 ',Z7.7- .. Emeralds, &c., &c. " —2,..,.. CAN BE PURCHASED BY Opals and Rubies, or Sapphires Brilliant, RUN eq or 44 ghe mints t t Brilliants, £6. and. Brilliants, £2O. Sapphires, £2 158. - "--- -,, "., Allilita,,u,"4 - ~76,.. /the% 4-- -. ___..mEM•_.- -.- -annmow- ~,,J MONTHLY ..V. at.' •." • •• ,• : i . .1",.0 , ''. t! t 1 %Iflive..!et, PAYMENT _...., -- Brilliants, £l2. Brilliants, £8 103. Brilliants, £lO 10s. AnaillgUi _., - e - - - -ow SYSTEM. A-•••11.vp • ..amilMiir: k e- f) ' IPPW:re,•:. .1 .471F-ifr2".. 4.6....!.., "' extra for buying this way. Pearls. Emeralds and Brilliants, £4 4s. No 1, of Watchel 4EI Se. Brilliants, £8 Bs. ILLUSTRATED chai.s and s.vvenery. No '2, of Clocks, .•Im- -62 & 641 LUDGATE HILL E.C. BOOKS perial Plate ;' & Bag. FREE. Agi°ele•LararZeinvre.r.

- - . J.NbTAN l kt.t.LIEF, INSTANT ttr.t..tr.F, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE. OF o v GOUT' AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES ! ! -- 59, Mount-street, Northwood, "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " Hanley. Staffs, Mona Cottages, Jan. 6th, 1905. Coelville, Leicestershire, ‘. Dear Sir,—My wife suffered from Rheumatism for s June 4th, 1904, . , long time, and could get no relief. She was a patient Dear Str,—l thank you for the good I have recei at the North Staffordshire Infirmary, but got worse,and from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about t could not walk without crutches. I heard about your , months ago and tried almost everything, but got Pills from a friend, and bought a small battle. AFTER i better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say the) THE SECOND DOSE SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES, and 1 AFTER TAKING THEM FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CURE! was completely cured in a week. After spending pounds I was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstair. your pills cured her at a cost of 2s. 3d. I shall recom- Being a miner you may guess how I suffered, but thank: mend your pills to everyone I know, and you can make Ito your Pills I have never felt the least i pain since. l the best use of this as a testimonial if it pleases you to , recommend them to everybody myself. do so. Yours truly, I Yours gratefully., GEORGE WRIGHT. JAMBS WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. , i jesious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent I Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, I post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor , GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. , GEORGE BADE, 232. Goswell road, London. —;--- ._ EADV'S GOUT. & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

"TO BE OR tiOT TO BE THAT IS THE QUESTION " which puzzled Hamlet years ago when he was undecided whether to shutlle off this mortal coil or continue to bear the ills flesh is heir to. An almost equally important question is just now agitating the minds ol several bachelors of our acquaintance who are hesitating on the brink of matrimony whether to take the final plunge, or do as he did—let things slide. Evidently a little gentle persuasion is required and special inducements must be offered in orderto obtain an affirmative decision. WE ARE PREPARED WITH VERY SUBSTANTIAL s INDUCENIENTS.snch as ought easily to gain the victory for Wedded Bliss in preference to Single Blessedness. We offer to furnish the house throughout at prices from 25 to 50 PER CENT. BELOW elsewhere, and if not con- venient to pay all cash down we will accept a small deposit and remainder by easy instalments, charging only 10 per cent, extra for the convenience. New, gentlemen, make up your minds sharp. Do not let slip this uncommonly favourable opportunity of affecting such a great Saving at P'itts's.

Do You Know that more than, half the sickness in the world, especially of women, is caused by constipation? It can be prevented if 13ECHAM'S PILLS are taken whenever nature calls for assistance. Comfort and happiness follow the use of EEC 111 AA( S PHS4 • .„•4 THE HANDY HOME REMEDY. There's* no secret about the value of BEECHAM'S PILLS as a family medicine. Thousands of families always keep a box handy—and it is the first resort in case of sickness appearing, being the "stitch in time" which prevents further trouble, and possibly serious illness. If you have not got a box of BtECHAM'S PILLS in the house, get one now, you never know how soon it may be needed. A dose taken when ailments arise will soon right the wrong and restore you to health and vigour. BOX.• Sold everywhere Ix, boxes, price 1111 (56 pills) Ift 219 (168 pills). ,;.•

- A MARVEL OF VALUE NEW ACCORDIAN-PLEATED SKIRT, "9E micriviztAL-3r,.. Mil SKETCH. This smart Blaok, , fio Skirt 5 Navy. qlf in Toile or Ng Ci alliagne. I i!,". ' . Alpaca, / Sky reseda, ~ ----- I /'-4 ', beautifully Brown k " made and \ Hello. , Carriage , illi , A finished. paid. Cream Turq if l'tti I: : t 4d. extra, Biscuit. , '.... t. 4., ~. :' %, Please send size o! list and length Made in 34, 36, 33, 40, 42 inches. required. resizes 6d. extra. TARRANT etc Co., Skirt Manufacturers, 58/64 HIGH STREEZ TOOTING, LONDON, S.W.

i 71u mbia ecior.givione ~,.,,,,... .. ...., Best , , . Circles , A...J.?... Alip C.) .... ,41, CRAM ',. ''''.--.,,„ ;. _,,,,00-'," • 0011011 CRAM PRIZE PARISI%) '',. . SUCLII.S 199 k t,.. A Customer has just written -in to us =follows : nit is now over four sows since you wont me one of your machines, and durinz that time it tou,t have gone over my records I may say thousands of timea, and it stkl is in perfect ' condition. The Reproducer. however, from contLqued wear needs looking to, and I heresvith enclose it." A drop ofSectotine fixed the R eproducer. The machine waS 0110 a our lowestpricedanodels. Rut no matter what you pay— When you buy COLUMBIA Machines you get the full worth of your money. Im,Ororod " Lysic-Re,Oroducer" models just out. Sweetest tone. Sueerdoly constructed. Send ,dostc-ani for "Price Book so forfoll information; ana' latest list of Records. COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH COMPANY. Geol.. 89, Oust Eastern St., Loudon, E.C. ZOO, Oxford St., W. L_Glasgow :50, Union St. Cardiff: 96, St. Mary St. DEALERS IN EVERY TOWN.
