===== 0002601_19060224_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOULD ANY DIFFICULTY BE EXPERIENCED IN GETTING THE PAPER THE PROPRIETORS WILL UNDERTAKE TO DELIVER A COPY AT ANY ADDRESS IN WARRINGTON BY O'CLOCKION FRIDAY AFTERNOON WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE.

Address all communication' to

EXAMINER OFFICE.

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

ERN EST CROSSLEY. AGENT for every description Of IND lA-RUBBER STAMPS, anY Pattern or style, with your own name, business. and !itldress, made to order. Linen Markers a speciality. Dealer in the best makes of STYLOGRAPHIO AND FOUNTAIN WINS. All kinds repaired. Catalogues of Stamps, AJ.. can be seen 44 tb above address. Alt orders, by post or otherwise, shall Iteoeire prompt attention. 148, HALIFAX ROAD, DRIGHOUBB, YOUKEIHIBB.

MOW

II

r45,1k. 4t4 C*4 \ k.,44..4:

WS. THOS. CLARKE wILL CARRY ON THE BursiNßSS Or STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT THR "IixAMINER" OFFICB, 33, MARKET KRIM, BARLEISTOwN,

„

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

"

The this Leo. February 1.. Preparing anci Warrington, Fee THE RICHMOND k co., LTO.—NOTICR 411NUAL ORDIN %HY OEN, RAREHOIDERS of the abov,. the ofliccs of the Comp. Warriagton, on THURSDAY. the Bth twelve o'clock noon precisely. to receive "Irectors and the Accounts of the Compel. `dad Decemopr !it st t 95, to declare a dlvicl, tor. and to transact any other business prone at an ordinary meeting. 3 TRANSFER BOOKS OF THE ORDINARY Sc. BE CLOSED from the 28th February, to the i" elusive. By order, JAS. W. SLACK. Secretary. Academy st., Warrington, 28th Februrry, 1936. fee Fort. ALLAN LINE TO CANADA & UNITED STATES ins, whit. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. informittioL, tICILTAN Halifax and St. John N.8....Mar. 1 Workhouse, H. vtntINDA. Sr. John's N.F. and Hallfax...Mar. 3 Homes respective. q'tnerior accommodation for lit, 2nd and 3rd classes. - The Guardians do .Peoiel through rotes to all points. LAN BROTH mis a co.. JAMES STREET. LIVERPOOL accept the lowest or sn ERN EST CROSS.LEY. AGENT for every description Of Clerk t) the Guardians, INDIA-RUBBER STAMPS, iiewsey Chambers, February. any Pattern or style, with your own mama, business, and address, made to order. Linen Markers a speciality. Dealer - TH-0-6. CLARKE WILL (UK. h the best makes of STYLOGRAPHIC AND FOUNTAIN PENS. BUSINESS OP All kinds repaired. Catalogues of Stamps, AJ., can be seen , STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT 14 the above address. All orders, by post or otherwise, shall receive prompt attention. AT THE 'EXAMINER" OFFICE, 14, HALIFAX ROAD, ERIGHOUSR, YORKSHIRE. 133, MARKET STREET, BARLESTOWN,

===== 0002601_19060224_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
DELL & CO.. PRIVATE INQUIRY AGENTS, 19, Li ARCADE RRoTE ROAD, Bastbourne ; all branches of inquiry undertaken; watching divorce a speciality. Tel. 113 x.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No 1511 ONE PENNY

===== 0002601_19060224_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_19060224_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EMPIRE FURNISHING 300 & .302, STOCKPORT-ROAD, C-on-M. (Corner of MILTON-STREET), MANCHESTER. NEWER DESIGNS. BETTER QUALITY, CHEAPER PRICES. and LOWER TERMS Than any other house in Manchester, ani above,all, the DErospr IS QUITE OPTIONAL In Manchester and surrounding districts are thousands of would-be purchasers whc tremble at ;the idea of the Hire Purchase System OBSTINATE FRIENDS, and /NERVOUS RE L ATIO NS will say—Ayold the Hire System. BITT WHY? Because they don't know the EMPIRE FUR- ' NISHING CO., and their methods.- of doine business,and that they like to treat their custon- ere as they world like to be treated ; end rH KY DON'T ASK YOU TO SIGN ANY jOW 'SC- TIONABLE AGREEMENT: ALSO BECAUSE If you are ill. If you meet with an accident. It you lose your situation, Or have any other misfortune, UHE EMPIRE WILL SAY— If you are unable to pay we don't expect you to Pay ; and in no case do their customers ever lose the value of the money they have alread) paid.

WAGGONS FOR SALM In trod' condition ; one 131 t. by ; weight, ; suit Hay Denier or Furniture Remover, Another Newts—Apply PERCY GOODwIN, 15, Moor at , Ormskirk.

FOR SALII.-01-11P POTATO or Refreshment Van fitted with two Pans Coffee Urn. Pa Can, all mounted Its Brass and almost new, suitable to stand markets or sports. LLOYD, 51, Oak it., TyWesley.

(AN MLR, CHAII-4-BANO to carry 2;; alto WAGGON- -1 Tani to carry 12, with loose bead, glade Wes, for one or two horses. Both are equal to new.—Apply ROBERT GREAVBS, Holland Moor. UphoHand. near Wiman.

FOR DISPOnaI, a Bargain. Gent's Co/entry ball free wheel CYCLII ; not soiled new a. Xmas, silver plated rims, all parts beautifully plated on Copper, rim brake, new and UP to date, not ridden more. than 20 miles, best pneu- matic tyres and tubes never rtinctnred, guaranteed all new, complete ai sowei nth% unpel auteedd 8 Guards, cash urgently wanted ; £3 12s. 6d. arproval willingly. T. Bingham; Chargrove }loose. Ashoombe-road, Weston-Super-Mare. 41.1 lamp, d b el!. bag, pump spanner and oiler,

lti. tiElsill ONE SRILLING TO is

QT. GHORGH'S IRON WORKS. LIMITSD (late Ormerod. Grierson and Co.). Hu!me. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PA.TTIIIINS In the trade. in addition have purchased all Wheel, repay and Tooth Block Patterns &c., telonyting to the late Henry Wren and Co., Londoteroad Iron Works, Manchester, arn. are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Mlllwrlght,and all kir do of Engineering Work promptly.—Cataloguee of Wheels and Pulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address:,, Ormerod Gr.erson, Manchester'.

H. !VMS, 64, PEALICO-ROAD. fiBLGRAVIa, LONDON, S.W.

COMH AND SHE THEM ; YOU NRHD NOT IBUY. Catalogues 0 Terms are sent Post Free,nr their Representative will call on receipt of Postcard. E FbRriTTSIIING CO. 300, STO KPOIIT-BOAD, BIANCNBSTHR. OPIIN 9 cit. to 9 pan. ; Wednesday, 9 Ban. ton Para.

eIYCLII (bargain, marvellous sacrifice).— trent's hew V Cycle, not 'teed a dozen times, highest grade, beet pneumatic tyres and tubes two rim brake., inverted , levers, latest 1906 machine ; beautifully plated, enamelled and gold lined, plated rims, enamelled c-ntre• ; bill free wheel; magnificent machine; cash urgently wanted : 2110 s.; complete, with plated gas lamp bell. bag, pump, its.; approval before cash sent.—M. HOUSE, RIO 7, Ashcombe Park rd„ Weston-super-blare.

and you will receive three handsome. Fine Art Lace Pins, Is. two Pretty Brooches. one in Pearls. and one 1 Paste, and two lovely Paste Hat-pins. S.

, t ..."•;"1.1 J:4 . 'Y .1 4, , 5..21' • 7;4 ~ -4 • i•;,• „ •••'Nkt.;'6 •04 toA,,,v' ..4 , •A if. 4 6i", 7-, ';,• ' • kt.s4 `•••• • • 1,14,1,.. • ,„„ ~ • , ,4 , ..11-k;::. .‘„; 42,4 4. A 1,, .• . -

===== 0002601_19060224_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTHERS

I

READ

THIS

===== 0002601_19060224_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
, By Posy 1.1 7* Pee Quarter 6s 6d per annum is 93 per Quarter creditl

===== 0002601_19060224_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Co.'

===== 0002601_19060224_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
111,,•Dtmerp, etc.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS ENGIFIIi (6 for Sale ; can be sern running any tinic.—Hicciasets BRob.. Merchant it.. Alackburn.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
TOR SALE. five Pairs or goo i French STONES with If strong geir and iterating complete.—Apply BOOTH, engineer, l'onglcton.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'ditonen

===== 0002601_19060224_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
NO OFFICE COMPLETE WITHOUT A

LOWE'S SAFE. DEPOT : 38A ALBHRT STRRBT (BRIDGE ST.) DIANCHBSTER.

fotrlo, pporos, Zoartitna Ocstab.

B&MIT BOURNBASOUTH.— I r HOTHL DALKBu, mo,s up-to-date. DAINTY CUISINE. From 30F. So extras- Nr. pier.

B°B°omß.._Board residence, Strathmore. UndercUff rd. Splendid position, fine views, facing pier and sea, every comfort, bath, electric light. Terms from 30s. weekly.— Proprietors. Mr. and Mrs. L. W. Rommara.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LINTTBD. 34 TO tO LUDGATH HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUASH. Ho mE Coacrosrs, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET! CENTRAL TOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ARRfaTWIT. THE BELLE vUE EIOTKL, FACING THE SEA.

--- On e of the cheapest end moat ,ornfortable Family Hotels In Wales, Splendid Oomm,rrial Room, Coffee Boons and Drawing tioorn, Neel ho sea. Terms from 2} witness per weak, or 91. per 44y sir— oratu4 to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast eod attendance from se. Table o'Hote6 at 13.3) O'clock For TAannz to., acplv to W. H. PALEIFIR. PROPBIBTOR.

Rpartinents,funitsbeb 10ott5t5, Scr.

-4"AS'fBOURNB Furnished Apartments, dam), combined roorn,—Unweirratem. 11, Mims Avenue.

C" WECH Slit cihronihire, —Apartments • climate healthy au tiracmg •LvTvvii“ve of fiU. Mol%rate in- clusive terme.-acidri.ge "Rif:miner" Oftica,Warrtrigtori.

Ii.IBASI.Dir and Conntry partmont. tvan,d by nut. clients ; riwore alwala WaftlTiQ. tat a t.rrn‘ and volmmoda- tion and enclo.e )4. rPeltitrefon fee Or Re.aon.—APART- DIRNTR. BUNEW, 33, Manor rt. Richmond, S.W.

rir,LICI4 TARR : KiPqr ICA,vick. ern. furnished Private R iTDIVVOI4, 'or two months or longer period • eharminz lake and mountain views : erontidis and tenni. lAwn. Photos and particulars on applipation to ILittx9, KENDALL, St TAYLOR, solicitors. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
4.7iNtratt on.

lANOASTRTI COLLRGR. MORROPAIRR.--A 11'4.4-class Bolrding Snhool for Boya.—J. W. BlARsiuta., Pb.D., Prinniord.

rif,AIRVILTH SPR,IOI,, Wo, Iterefordehfre. Thn ongh ecitumtion. Large playfae fled Ormn.einrri. Two }Tonle Fehnlarshlpa vain £z6 o.z. annum °Hared in March, 19C6 Partfrukre from Ifeadmaiiter.

QANDBACIT SCHOOL, CH'SHIRg.-14Inderate L-N Fees. Pluotrikte,l Proapee'ne from Hear'motor •

UNI VI? RSITY SCHOOL, 8 ,TJT" PORT.— A Most c'recernfol Potrding School for Boys. W. HHDIDRESON, M.A. ''rincipel.

SQ OUTHPORT.--Succestafal BOARDING SCHOOL 1 for Girls Moderate fees. Vactanev Governess-pupil. —Tax BiDsas GROVES, Belvedere, Birkdale,

GIRL CAN BE PECMIVED in czood SNA.SII2I3 SCHOOL to fill vacancy. 'Debit, efficient staff. Beams. £9 tertnly. Address Box P. 20, " Examiner " Office, Warrinwton.

F)OOTOR'i Wife will receive Lady (alleht mental case or invalid), or delicate or backward child or youth. School or tutor. Beautiful dlatrict near London Highest social referencee.—Arldress A. A. B , Boa 2896, c/o SHARROW & THATCHER. Ilnlborn Place, London, W C.

THE LINCOLNSHIRK REM NTIAL SCROOL of Cookery and Honvettold Sciences. Girls trained as Lady Cooks or 'Reps ; happy home; careful training.— Apply to the Principal, who holda a full Teacher's Diploma, Miss EvERIRD, "Park House," Louth, Lincolnshire.

QOUTITIPORT MOnEliv SCHOOL.—k FIRST- LY CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOY-1. H ea!thy locality. Splendid new building,. Large staff, inel ding D.A., 8.50., itc. Excellent results. Recent distinctions In languages and science. Head Master: 3. C. Underwood, F.R.G S. (Rag.)

rrill/ 1110 H SCHOOL, STOCK PON LODGE 1 Stockton Heath, Warrtngton. —Day and Boarding School for Girls. Kindargaeen. Preparatory School for Boys. PRINCIPALS, THU MISSRS PARTINGTON (late of 23, Wilson Patten street).

ProopPetnpos, &a.. on application. SIXTY-SIX SUOORSSRS IN 2i YEARS. NO FAILURES.

Ml'MnEsiße,NOgraSnTistWanidLoitElir,mAa;tLe;Co.fMst., pPart re aoshouroh PIANO, OUGAN. THRORY, HARMONY, COUNTRR- POINT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practioe.—For terms apply 134. LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

CHATHAM HOUSE COLLEGE. RAMSGATE ESTABLISHED OVER ICO YEARS. RIG H-CLASS SCHOOL FOR THE SOBS OF GENTLEMEN. JUNIOR SCHOOL, 50 BoYi ; SENIOR SCHOOL, 70 BOYS. The Healthiest Situation In England. Magnificent New Buildings. Grounds 15 acres. Illustrated Prospectus horn the Headmaster.

1)00R PA Y AND POOR PROSPECTS.— ' No Young Man under 22 years, or Young Woman uLder 20 years, need be content with such conditions.

A FEW MOVTIIS n EVOTICD TO STUDY A 4 IL MEMBER OF

THE CORRESPONDENCE SECTION OF SKEIIRY 'S COLLEGE, 5, BOLD STRBBT, LIVBBPOOL.

does not interfere with present employment, and prepares the way for a Government appointment, with its 6 or 7 hours' day. yearly increase in salary, handsome holiday allowance, and old age pension. FULL PARTICULARS OF APPOINTMENTS IN THE GUIDE TO REMUNERATIVE EMPLOYMENT, SENT PO3T FREE BY THE COLLEGE SECRETARY.

Postal Preparation for University Matrinulation, College of Preceptors, Oxford Senior and Janine Loosla and all Professional Preliminary lixaminations. Rapid progress. All earnest pupil.' auceenful. State examination when writing the Secretary.

abtor ears,epeleg, garriagrO, ett

rrYlfl49 frnin 3s. 64. ; send for lists of Cs ele accessories.— I. WATKINS, 41 Constitution Mill. Eiriningbam.

r ADY'S SIDR-SADDLB, email, practically new ; 508. ./... STENT. veterinary surgeon, Hume, Blanchester.

FOR SAM splendid Ponkey brown harness. varnished trap. lamps, mat, waterproof rag, £l5. —JAM ES FLINT. Brad'ord-On-Avon.

T uniums IN STOCK. 1 iiz, rult‘ble for !stainers. LI grocers, coal merchants. carriers, &C.—J. HARI/SUN IND SONS. LTD., RACICIiffS, Dear MRDCUISLer.

Li ANDY Spring Keckinfr CeLliT for Sale. almost nnw, Datent arms. braes cup., mit bolder or farmer.—A. K. Imq:co &FoNs, contractors, !•outhport.

GHNTS' PIGSKIN SADDLIii, complete 40a. ; Minting Bridles, 8-. 6d. ; Sete Black Cob Harness, £4 10s. approval. caelf.—CLAßxe, Manufacturer. 31. Caldmore rd..

===== 0002601_19060224_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A' ,mar iO/1"---

===== 0002601_19060224_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK YOUR GROCER FOR. I mcDOUGALL'S Paw SELF-RAISING FLOUR The Examiner, Saturday, February 24, 1906.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
AN HOUTE

Sing a song of sixpence—some biscuits or some bread

And a soothing cup of Cocoa before you go to bed. "Van Houten's " gives good sleep and rest And its always wise to use The Best.

No. 7.

the corselet skirt becomes—as is almost certain to be Ithe case—popular. In the bands of a highly skilled modiste, the idea is smart, but, further, it needs soft i yielding fabrics, exquisite colouring, and a perfect ' figure, to make it an unqualified success. So far, the "braces "have been invisible, hidden beneath the folds of the blouse, bat the latest notion is to build them of some handsome trimming and allow them to show. ' About Mourning.—Even the deepest mourning is smart now-a-days, and the woman who is dowdy in her sable attire is so from choice, and not from necessity. In Paris, white crepe is having an immense vogue, for quite deep mourning, jet being the trimming preferred. Jet ornaments too, are in high favour among fashion- able Parisiennes, the tiaras and collars being veritable works of art. The former are built in the Empire and Louis XVI. designs.and often combined with paste. In donning white as a sign of mourning, the Parisiennes are but following the custom of the Chinese. In Spain too, the same custom obtained until the year 1498. In Turkey violet is the mourning colour, in Egypt yellow, and in Ethiopia.brown. Children Fashionable.—Children are well to the fore just now, indeed they are, as a Society journal rather bluntly put it the other day—fashionable. The Duchess of Marlborough is seen about a great deal with her two handsome boys, while the little Lady Ursula Grosvenor is quite a companion to her mother, the Duchess of Westminster. Lady Exeter, too, takes her small daughter about a great deal, and the same may be said of Lady Castlereagh, Lady Granby. Lady Essex, Lady Scarborough, the Hon. Mrs. George Keppel, and many other Society ladies. These gay little people walk with their mothers in the morning, drive with them in the ' afternoon, and are taken to all kinds of entertainments, not infrequently winding up with tea at a fashionable restaurant, where they hold quite a little Court. MADGE

IF w 1 ', '. • '.` .. . ssss %It • - „ 11" i $ 1 14.• .4 Olt JTS:111 . +UV l' II . 1-.1 .. , . ' • - _ ... • 15- (( ~ - .... . .. . ....., 1 '" . . , op , d - A '4' 11 ,•'. `. 411.111, • .-i•rvl ', ,1•:,, , . , .k , '...,...*414 ;••• , lfr"S' lg. ___,, e.- ._, • ..• , ••,, " . ~4L,.., ~p. ~... 5?... ~..m,,,=..... t.:,..-- _....-0- qiil •• .. , . i 17.1... 'F. ,- • '4'. f• . . it'll (Illi illitik 11 ''.."'"MIMMMIIMMIIUIIIIII"."."'"' 0' 11' ill li 1 11 ,lli t, dii,ll, c.---.-----....). ----L-0 - ~...• hu, ....,. .. ~ . „ ~ _ ,

===== 0002601_19060224_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

--- The Social%ide of Politics.—There has been a great deal of social and political entertaining, prior to the opening of Parliament, Lady Campbell-Bannerman, and Lady Lansdowne, being conspicuous among the grandes dames who figure as political hostesses. Lady Wim- borne was to have given a big dinner and reception in honour of the new regime, but this had to be postponed in consequence of the sad death of her sister Lady Howe, which has placed several noble families in mourning. They were opposed to one another in politics,for whereas Lady Wimhorne has fully embraced the Liberal faith, like her other sister—the late Lady Tweedmouth,Lady Howe on the other hand was a staunch Conservative. She had many of the oratorial gifts of her brother, Lord Randolph Churchill, and until her illness in 1902 she often appeared on the public platfotm on behalf of her party. In the near future however, Lady Wimborne will be one of the prominent hostesses on the Government side and Lord Wimborne's fine mansion in London, which was formerly the family residence of the Dukes of Hamilton, is well fitted for entertainments on a large scale. Another Romance of the Stage and Peerage.—Lord de Clifford, who has followed the example of the Earl of Orkney, Lord Clancarty, the Marquess of Headfort and the Earl of Clonmell, by marrying an actress, comes from one of the oldest families in the peerage, and owns a large estate in County Mayo, but his seat, Dalgan Park, is in County Galway, near Tuam. He was left an orphan when only ten years of age and has been brought up by his aunts, the Hon. Maud Russell and her sisters. Lord de Clifford is a thorough sportsman, and is now in his twenty-second year, a few months older than his wife, who was Miss Eva Carrington, recently appearing in "Bluebell "at a London theatre. She has been several years on the stage, and first met Lord de Clifford last autumn at Dublin, where she was appearing in "The Catch of the Season." No one suspected that the incident had any significance until last week, when, Lord de Clifford after returning from abroad, proposed and married this charming young lady, whose love story is as romantic and idyllic as the most sentimental young maiden could desire. _ _

A Former Romance of the Stage.—The Countess of Orkney, who was Miss Connie Gilchrist, of the Gaiety Theatre is seldom seen in London, as she and her husband spend most of their time in Ireland. Their other place is in Bucks, as, though the Earl bears a Scottish title he does not own any land in Scotland. Both Lord and Lady Orkney are fearless riders, and have often come to grief in the hunting field. So also has Lord de Clifford, who is the youngest master of foxhounds in the country. Lord and Lady Orkney have a little daughter some two or three years old, and, being an only child, she is an important little lady, as she is heiress presumptive to the earldom. Marrid Women and their Maiden Name.—The American girl is noted for her independent spirit and in the United States there is a growing tendency for the married woman to retain her maiden name after marriage. In this country it is never done. A married woman seldom hears her maiden name mentioned and often it is quite unknown to many of her dearest friends. In France on the contrary, aud also in some other continental countries, marriage does not so entirely extinguish it, and many married women combine the old name with the new. It is stated that President Roosevelts' daughter, whose marriage last week was the occasion eta national celebration in America will adopt this course, and have her visiting cards inscribed Mrs. Longworth-Roosevelt. American Trousseaux.—The Duchess of Marlborough ordered, and completed the trousseau in five weeks, a feat deemed wonderful even in America. But Miss Roosevelt, or Mrs. Longworth, as we must callher now, gave only three weeks to this important undertaking, the United States supplying the majority of the fabrics, and New York and Washington the workmanship. Many beautiful lengths of material, collected or presented to her during her recent tour, Mrs. Longworth has utilized of course. First and foremost, are the filmy pineapple gauzes of the Phillipines, and a delicate cloth named iusi, a production of the native women of these islands. Then there are the handsome and Japanese silks, which have been principally used for " rest " robes ; gold wrought, and flower-strewn fabrics that have been built up into opera cloaks and coats, embroidered crepe de chine and Oriental silks, that have been finished into Princess robes, for which by the way, Mrs. Longworth has a decided penchant. All walking dresses in this famous and extensive trousseau are quite three inches- off the ground, and, as far as possible, Mrs. Longworth has decided throughout in favour of simplicity rather than'elabora t ion. Trimmings and Embroideries.—Apparently this is to be a season of rich and costly trimmings. There are most beautiful hand-made embroideries in gold and old- , world colourings, silver and pearl, while yet mixed with gold, and yet mixed with silver, form some of the loveliest trimmings in evidence. Even quite short lengths of these embroideries, help to raise considerably the sum total of a gown, and many of them are quite incapablelof resisting the faintest suspicion of rain or damp. Unless possessed of a generous dress allowance, it is therefore wiser to avoid anything in the way of elaborate embroideries, or trimmings. The good ones are quite beyond the moderately endowed and tawdry, cheap imitations are always in the very worst of style and taste. _

- The Fashionable Corselet Skirt—lt is terrible to contemplate the exhihitirmq that. will ta!-A place whPn

===== 0002601_19060224_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A TWICE TOLD TALE.

Good news bears repeating, and when it is confirmed after ajong lapse of time by the giver of it, even if we hesitated to believe it at first hearing, we feel secure in accepting its truth now. The following marvellous experience of a Newton-le-Willows woman is confirmed after four years. "Four years ago Doan's backache kidney pills cured me of kidney trouble, and I have had no return of it," says Mrs. E. Cooke, 45, Golborne Dale-road, Newton-le- Willows, near Warrington. "I have been so well during the last twelve months that I have not needed to take any of the pills at all. I take a pleasure in recommending the medicine to my friends." The following is the letter Mrs. Cooke sent to us some years ago:—" Dear sirs,—For some time I was subject to acute pains in my back and stomach, and although I tried different treatments, I could get no relief. "One day I happened to read about Doan's Backache Kidney Pills., and I sent for some to try. I have been a great deal better since using this medicine, and my back has been much easier. If the pains return I shall take some more of Doan's pills." Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are two shillings and ninepence per box (six boxes for thirteen shillings and ninepence). Of all chemists and stores, or post free, diregt from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W. You are sure to get the right medicine if you ask distinctly for Doan's.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW AND DIRECT ROUTE TO IRELAND.

dawning life

and advancing age.

When the digestive organs are weak from sickness or illhealth they need abundant rest, as the invalid's weakened frame needs rest.

In growing vigour and failing power.

When strength is returning a care- fully regulated and increasing amount of exercise is beneficial.

What could be more to the purpose than a food of great nutritive value— a food which can be made suitable for any degree of digestive power, by the simple process of letting it stand for a longer or shorter period at one stage of its preparation?

For development and decline.

in breaking health and convalescence.

Such a food, and the only food possessing this feature, is BENGER'S FOOD, which is in this special way self-digesting. What applies to the invalid can be urged with equal force in regard to the tender infant or the weakened functions of age.

Benger's Food is dainty and delicious and most easily digested.

Sold in tins Chemists, etc.. everywhere.

We have just had submitted to us a copy of an attrac- tive booklet issued by the Great Western Railway Com- pany as a preliminary announcement of the facilities which will be afforded in connection with the new direct route, via Fishguard, between England and Ireland to be inaugurated this summer. Fishguard Harbour, situated in South Cardigan Bay, will be the Port of Call on this side of St. George' Channel. This Harbour which is very favonrsbly situated, affords spacious and safe anchorage in deep water ; and extensive Quay accommodation for dealing with Passenger and Goods traffic has been provided. It is proposed to run a day and night service in each direction, and through rail communication with all parts of England will be established by moans of express trains which will run direct to and from the Quay at Fishguard, thus greatly facilitating the landing and embarkation of passengers at that port. For the cross- channel service magnificently appointed turbine steamers are in course of construction. They will be capable of a speed of 221: knots and will therefore accomplish the passage of 54 nautical miles between Fishguard and Rosslare, the port on the Irish side, well under three hours, thus providing the shortest sea route between England and Ireland. These express steamers will be fitted with commodious refrigerating chambers for the transport of perishable traffic. Reference is made in this publication to the fact that, on a recent occasion, when the Cunard liner "Carmania " was unable, through stress of weather, to reach Queenstown with the passengers and mails, many vessels naltde Fishguard Harbour in safety, and remained in shelter there for some time. This of course points to the possibility of Fishguard as a port of call for ocean liners.

The King will hold a Council on Tuesday next, the 27th inst. The death has taken place in Ceylon of Mr. William Barker Ogden, the well-known tobacco manufacturer.

„.......... . ~. - . ....e.?,,,1... Va-, - .••4:' , , • , -,, o • jrst7;' -, ' 4 ' ' - 1 ' ie... f . -4:.. •!...g.g: 'I. .1, ' -•,•_41."0101,-- . ' ..f.4 ' • 10 -, ~.. . ~, ••• , - 4 ... 1 ' ; . \:\ 4 i ,41 -,."... k . . ” . ....:•''''.i t rt. ki ' ?f-•••:' .;.; .. •••• • : '• t ' • , .

===== 0002601_19060224_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
. . - ..,- -,--„,_. - - ..---',7•..''':',--'"4,46-7:-'-:..,;.!::',;i:-!:._:_4i;;_:*.:-:.:,..

===== 0002601_19060224_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
were. utterly different from the ctvihsea

a I dwellers in her native land, that they did all LADY MARY JARDINE stared at the Rectot sorts of strange and eccentric things just be in utter amazement. At that moment hex cause they lived in the wilds, sentiments seemed to be not so much alarm She imagined Australia to be a vast track and consternation as passionate anger. An of country something like the Sussex Downs Earl's daughter, a great lady to her, finger tips, or New Forest, only of larger extent, with here in spite of her quiet, secluded life, to her it •and there a little village dropped down hap- appeared almost a crime that people like poor • hazard. Of course, she argued, a young lady ' Dobbs and his inspector should dare to accuse I brought up in such a place would not under Lord Alandale of such an offence. as murder. I stand "English ways," and it was quite "And you granted it ? " There Was a natural that she should go wandering about touch of scorn in her voice as she spoke to the while the rest of the world were in bed. Susan kind old clergyman. One might almost have ' had scoffed at the idea of Miss Jardine going said she thought signing the warrant forl-her out "to meet anyone," as suggested by the . nephew's arrest cut Mr. Arnot off for ever lodge-keeper; , she preferred the theory that from her friendship. • she yearned for, fresh air after being shut up in "What could Ido ? " and the old man's the. drawing-room. If she had had the voice had a positive wail of pain. "My dear slightest suspicion the lodge-keeper was right, lady, surely you know that I love Kenneth i she weruld never have blurted out her news to almost as a son of my own, but how could I Miss Jardine as she did. •' a • • ' refuse to sign, the warrant and yet keep the "There's been an awful murder, ma'am. oath I made when I was appointed one of Hex Only fancy, and in the Alanclale grounds." Majesty's magistrates ? Besides, Lady "A murder ? " .Helen grew pale. death. death. Mary,". he added with a simple dignity, ",to "Who has been killed ? Oh, speak quickly, my thinking- to refuse to grant. the warrant Susan; you can't mean ' that it was Lord would have been like admitting Lord Alan- Alandale ? " ' dale's guilt." . ",Bless me,. no, miss," , said the maid "Of course Kenneth .can prove his inno- quickly. -" I'd never have told you so cence at once," said . Lady Mary haughtily. brusquely if hartn had happened to the Earl ; " I was thinking of the indignity, I might it's that good for nothing stranger to, been almost iny the disgrace, for one of our house lodging with the widow Martin. I did hear. to be bTought before the bench on such a poor woman, she was so scared at his ways charge. What passes my comprehension is how Dobbs should dare to suspect him ; the she had given him notice. Well, she'll be cMar Of him now anyway." inspector is comparatively a stranger and his Susan left her -young lady to enjoy her tea duties lie mostly at Thornby, but Dobbs has lived in the village under the shadow of the and to digest the news. Heidi Jardine drank the tea with feverish thirst; then instead of Hall, one might say, for two years. He must attempting• to get up She sank back on her have known that Kenneth is the soul of hon- pillows. . our that his life was a blameless record of brave "God keep me from being glad," prayed endeavour and honest purpose." the poor gill in her anguish. " Oh, don't let Mr. Arnot was perfectly .silent all through me rejoice at a fellow creature's death ! cared I. this long speech, but his eyes were fixed, not for Dick once or, thought I did, and it' on Lady Mary, but on her niece. He re- horrible that I should be glad that he is dead, marked if his old friend did not, that Helen cut off like this in the midst of his sins." , had not snolren a single word since he launched She told herself she was not glad, she 'tried his thun&rbolt. to think' as kindly as she could of the dead " Lady Mary," -he said after , a long silente, • : man, but in spite of all her efforts she knew. which tried both the 'Women terribly, ' I know that Susan's news had been an unteferabje and trust Lord Alanclale, but I should be act- relief to her. . . ing as a false friend if I did not tell you that the .. _ . ,

_ He was dead, never more could he threaten her, never more could the shadow of his evil life fall across her path. - It,was not only his betrayal she had had to fear, it was pot only the loss of her name, wealth, and position with which he had threatened her, there waa something wore still. . _

police have some grounds for suspecting him." " You will say next that they are right to arrest Kenneth," interrupted Lady Mary angrily. " I say nothing of the kind ; but justice is justice, Lady' Mary, and I am bound to say that were I,,brd Alandale not my own trusted

friend I should feel there -were. enough sus-

.• Richard Norton, alias Dick Blake, had promised not to betray her if she would marry him and allow him to share her spoils as Prince Consort. Alas, alas Ihe knew, and she knew, too, there was no need for a,, marriage cere- mony. She was his wife. Her wedding day was three months past, when he was tried fOr house breaking and sentenced to penal servi- tude. She had gone to Australia simply that she might avoid him when he was released from prison, for the veil had been torn from her eyes in those three months of married life, and she knew him as he was, knew that he was a degraded'scoundrel and false to the very core.

picion.against him to justify the police." And then Helen Jardine could not keep back her eager (luestion, she could bear the agony of suspense no longer. "Lord Alandale never killed that man ; he is incapable of it, but, oh Mr. Arnot, I en- treat you let us knew the worst, don't spare us because we are his relations and care for him, , tell us plainly, what those men say of him and let us know what we have to fear." • The Rector glanced at Lady Mary. " Helen is right," replieo. the latter. " I am not a child to be kept in suspense; I much prefer to know all you can tell'me. Mr. Arnot glanced at the, heiress; very hard . . _

When the opportunity came to sink: her own identity for ever, to return to England, not as Hildred Jasper, but as Helen Jardine, it was not the wealth and luxury which tempted her, not the secure position and easeful life, but the escaping from a man the law called her hus- band, the being as dead to him as though she had slept with Mink friend beneath the ocean. And she had failed, %failed miserably. Dick had discovered her ; her meetings with him had already reached Lord Alandale's ears. She knew full well that in six months' time she

_ had been his -fe'eling towards Pefen. Jan-line as he listened to the constable's statement, but seeing her now with the sorrow of a great despair stamped upon her beautiful face he began to pity her. ' It seems that Norton, the murdered man, has lodged for some time with Mrs. Martin, at Ivy Cottage. She wanted to get rid of him but he refused tO• leave, and in reply to all re- monstrances assured her he was a friend of Miss Jardine—forgive me, 7 and he glanced at Helen—" who would resent his dismissal."

must have given up her stolen hohours or allowed Dick to share them, and now after three months of living with a drawn sword over her head release had come. Dick was dead. She was free, free as air, that was the first thought which rushed to her brain. Never again need she fear the hated companionship, the degraded claim Of her convict husband. She was free. As she dressed herself slowly with Susan'. assistance (the maid returned when her 'Ms. tress rang) the girl told her all the details of the tragedy which she knew; they were not many; it seemed that the gamekeeper crossing the park near the West Lodge had discovered Mr. Norton lying unconscious on the ground, that he had gone to find Police Constable Dobbs, whom he brought on the scene with his lantern, and together they had carried the _

"He was no friend of mine," said-Helen quietly, and the Rector went on : "Mrs. Martin appealed to Lord Alandale for advice, and he called at Ivy Cottage yes- terday and saw Norton. What passyd be- tween them is not known, but there is no doubt they came to high words and both Mrs. Martin in her kitchen and Dobbs who lives next door heard Lord Alandale threaten Nor- ton's life. They are not agreed as to the exact words, but Dobbs declares that the Earl said, If Norton offended again he would shoot him like a dog,' while Mrs. Martin ad- mits (very reluctantly, I am told) that she heard Lord Alandale tell Norton, 'lt would be no sin to rid the world of such a scoundrel as himself.' You will see that both speeches amount to a threat of violence, .and so when Norton was found murdered bet Ween hls lodg- .

dead man back to Ivy Cottage. At first they were not sure that life was extinct and Dobbs

ings and Woodlands, Lord Alan.dale's suspicion naturally fell on the Earl."

had gone for Dr. Graham, who came back with him. The • doctor thought Mr. Norton ' had been shot about an hour or two when the man found him; he had been shot through the spine, ,1 which proved it could not have been suicide, since the bullet had entered his back. The gamekeeper and Dobbs had returned as soon as it was light to search the grlund round the spot where they found Norton lying, but they could not discover any trace of a revolver, The inquest would open that very evening and all the village was full of excitement. Helen listened like a creature in a dream; She knew perfectly that in the old time Dick had many enemies. It was possible that one of them might have tracked him down to the north country village and killed him. She believed that he had been (before his convic- tion) the head of a gang of burglars and she knew that even in the three months of her life with him bitter quarrels had taken place as to the division of the spoils. It seemed to her most likely he had been murdered in cold blood by one of the old gang. As she dismissed Susan and sat down to collect her thoughts before joining her aunt in the breakfast-room an awful fear occurred to Helen. Supposing Dick had the certificate of their marriage among his possessions at Mrs. Martin's the police would certainly search everything belonging to him, and if the all im- portant paper were there it must fall into their hands. The next moment her fears fled for she re- collected if the certificate were found there the wife's name was given as }Eldred Jasper. If the fact of Norton's marriage were published far and wide no one would connect Helen Jardino with the ,ceremony ; indeed, the certi- ficate would go far' to explain , her meetings, :with Norton. Everyone for miles round knew that Hildred Jasper had been the bosom friend of the heiress of Alandale ; they would ascribe Helen's interyiews with the prodigal as under- taken for his wife's sake, - At last the moment of meeting with Lady Mary could be delayed no longer, and Helen went downstairs with a secret hope her aunt would not talk about the murder. But.the hope was not to be, granted ; almost as soon as the butler had left the room Lady Mary turned to her niece. e " You have heard of "the tragedy near the West Lodge, Helen, my dear. It was whispered in the village the unhappy man was an •Aus- tralian frieind of yours. I hope. with all my heart it was wot 'true." " I never sat, hum in Australia," said Helen slowly ; " and he was no friend of mine." The ladies were still at table when Mr. Arnot was ..announced. It dashed across Helen that she had heard the Rector was -a magistrate. 'Surely he Could not have come about the murder. " What in the world is the matter ? " de- manded Lady Mary; "you look as if you brought bad news." - • "I have. I - aril not good at • 'breaking '- things, dear Lady Mary, bat I have come be- cause I could not hear fer you to hear this awful thing from a stranger. Dobbs has just been to me about the murder near the West Lodge. He brought tfte inspector from Bur don with him, and they wanted me to sign a warrant for the arrest of the person they sus- pect. Lady Mary, I'd have cot off my right hand rather than do it, only I knew if I refused they would go to another magistrate." • " I don't 'understand," said Lady Mary. "Of course the murderer Must be punished. Whom do they suspect? " • - But Helen Jardine did not need to ask the question, the truth came to her by a strange intuition, she knew the name even before the poor Rector could bring himself to speak it to Lady Mary. "Your nephew. Lord Mandate."

Ildy Mary loolied stunned; she had not ex- pected this. Helen Jardine locked her hands nervously together, the iron was entering into her soul, she had well nigh rejoiced at Richard Norton's death because it, relieved her of a tetrible persecution, but now she was ready to wia'a him back in :life that Lord Alandale's goe. name might not suffer. , -It was terrible that she who loved Kenneth with all her heart and soul should have been the cause of all his troubles. At that moment Helen •regretted bitterly that she had ever yielded to the temptation of stealing her friend's name; she wished with all her heart and soul that she had been brave enough to face poverty, loneliness, and the world's scorn and returned to England as Hddred Blake, - wife of a ticket-of-leave man. * Lady Mary rang the bell imperiously and ordered the closed carriage. " I am going to Woodlands at once," she said with a strange icy calm. "In blood Kenneth is only my cousin, but I have always loved him as a nephew and I mean to stand beside him in his terrible calamity." "Aunt Mary. take me with you," pleaded Helen with passionate eagerness ; "let me tell Kenneth I believe In him, too." . Lady Mary looked at her gravely, almost sternly. " Can you bear to look. at him and realise that his troubles . are your work, Helen ? I have said nothing' to you on the subject hither- to because it was so painful, but 'more than one of the villagers assert that they have seen you steal forth from your home under cover of the night to meet this miserable Norton, and I ask you now, is this true ? " " Yes," said Helen quickly, " I have met Richard Norton as you describe, but he was not my - lover, ;Aunt Mary, and the meetings gave me no ,pleasure, only trouble and regret. Norton's sole object in Seeking me was money, and I, foel that I was, gave it him, thinking , you won't(' condemn me if yon knew I had such an undesirable acquaintance.", • Lady Mary still looked doubting, but Mr. Arnot came to Helen's rescue. " I think," he said quiatly. " you will understand Miss jardine's part in this miser- I able entanglement better Lady Mary if I tell you of something the police found among Mr. Norton's few belongings, the certificate : a marriage between Richard Norton Blake and Hildred jasper. I have no doubt that the murdered man was Blake himself, and that Miss, Jardine : helped him with money— for his dead wife's sake,' , " I always felt that your romantic friend- ship for Hddred Jasper would cost you dear," Lady Mary told ,her niece. "Is the Rector right ? Did you know that this terrible man was her husband ? " " Yes, 1 knew that :1-Eldred had ,been married and that her husband was serving: a five Years' sentence at Portland. She droppfd his name :and : supported herself by teaching, Hbut when we started for England together always felt there Was the chance he might be' • out on a tlcket-of-leave and finding her try to force her to return to him." Well.'. : said Lady Mary, in a relieved tone, "I am thankful at any rate that the. man was nothing to you. But, oh, child, what a miser- able state of things your secrecy has brought about If only you had trusted me or Ken- neth ! " The carriage came round, the ladies and Mr. Arnot were driven straight to Woodlands, and as Lord Alandale came out to receive them, , evidently at present still a free man, Lady Mary took heart, of grace and believed the police had .repented of their insolent sus- picions. Helen knew better; she had noticed Dobbs- patrolling up and down within a few; paces of the gate and guessed at once that the-' 'insoectOr was only waiting till he received ex.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
EMU

===== 0002601_19060224_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
MIM=IN

MIIMMI

CHAPTER xr,

IMII=IMEMEMEIM

===== 0002601_19060224_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER X:

LADY MARY JARDINI only returned from York in time for dinner; she was so full of her visit and her friends that she forgot to ques- tion Helen of her own doings, and talked enough for both of them ,so • that the girl's silence passed unnoticed. " I am sure you are better, Helen," she said when tea was brought to them in the drawing- room; "you have quite your, own colour to- night, and your eyes are bright instead of being dull and heavy as they have looked lately." • She was a good woman but utterly tinversed in the book of the human heart; she had no idea the pink colour in Helen's cheeks and the vived brightness of her eyes were due to excitement. The girl's whole being was worked up to fever pitch in her intense long- ing to know if Lord Alandale had kept his in- tention of seeing Mr. Norton ' and what had come of the interview. Lady Mary was tired with her exertions and went to bed early. Helen retired at the same, time because she never liked being alone after dark in the vast reception rooms; she did not expect to sleep, her anxiety was far too acute. On her dressing table lay a little note of the kind which had grown so painfully familiar to her in the last few months. She dissuissed her maid hurriedly; it might cont aie a de- mand for a meeting, and what was the 3se of undressing if she had to go out. She sat for some minutes motionlest after the maid had left her. In her hand wa.; the note Which might answer the question which so troubled her, but she shrank from opening 4t. What if Richard had told Lord Alandale the real nature of the tie which bound her to him. It 'seemed to Helen that if Kenneth ever knew that she could never look into his face again. At last she brought her courage to the point and tore open the note ; it was very short and told her nothing definite. "Proposal made me by friend of yours Must know if you endorse it, and if you under. stand terms only binding till your next birth. day. Meet me to-night to settle things. D." She burnt the note in her candle, just as she had burnt every communication from Mrs Martin's lodger. Then reluctantly she took out her cloak and hat. She dared not refuse to meet Dick Norton, and yet she hated to do so this night more than she had ever done before. Kenneth liad begged her not to see the man again but to leave everything to him. In going out to-night she was thwarting the wish of the man dearest to her on earth. ' "It was for the last time," that was the thought with which she tried to comfort her- self as she made her way to the trysting place under the great cedar. Whether Norton ac- cepted the Earl's terms or not, she would never steal forth from her home to meet him by night again, rather let' him do his worst. She was weary of the struggle. To her surprise Dick seemed far more amiable than she • had expected to find lima. Perhaps he had come to regard a hundred pounds in hard cash as better value than ten pounds a month, extorted with much diffi- culty from a reluctant victim. He told Helen civilly enough that he would take the Earl's hundred pounds and leave Yorkshire for six months, but that he would return as soon as her birthday came. "And then," he concluded, "you'll have to make your choice, either let me reign at Alan- dale Hall as Prince Consort or I'll expose your'. fraud." "You will gain nothing," she muttered. "That's all you know. I've made en- quiries and I find the real heiress is a girl living with her mother in poor circumstances com- pared with what she ought to have. The mother, I hear, loves money beyond every- thing. Surely you can see my game. If you drive me to it I'll take my story to Mrs. Charles Jardine and sell it for a price. You'll have six months to make up your mind," 'he went on, "but just remember this, I mean every word I say." To her life's end Helen never forgot that moment, a surging flood of divers feelings rushed through her mind, she hated the man before her as she had never in her life hated human being, and yet she could not forget the time when she had believed in him, when she had thought him brave enough to conquer his failings and make of himself a man she might trust

No sound escaped her, she was not one of thoso women who feel relief in expressing their woes in words, no reproaches she could speak to Dick would undo the pass, so she turfed on her heel and left him in perfect silence. She was glad to think afterwards that she had spared him the bitter taunt which tose to her lips. She wrapped her cloak more closely round her and walked rapidly towards the hall. A great terror seized on her; she could not have told of what she felt afraid, but the fear was there, the tall trees with their gaunt shadows seemed like some grim ogres in her path ; she hurried on panting, breathless, and as she went Q seemed to her that she heard the re- port of fire arms whizzing through the air. She told herself it was but the fancy of her harassed brain. .Who would fire a revolver at that time of night. If poachers were abroad they had other means to snare their game. No, the sound she heard was only fog signals, or else existed only in her imagination. It was summer time when fogs are not, and there was but little night traffic on the small country branch line of rail nearest to Alandale Hall, but Helen was in no mood to think of that. " Of course it was fog signals," she told her- self, and yet she hprried forne at her utmost speed, and once safe in bed pulled the clothes -well over her head as though to shut out the awful sound. Six months' respite, six months' peace, would be hers, for from his manner she never doubtEd Dick would accept Lord Alan- dale's hundred pounds. But what could she do when the time of grace expired? After all she was but postponing the evil day when she must decide between exposure and life with Dick. • As she lay awake through the watches of the summer night the strangest idea came to Helen; if worst came to worst and she had to give up .the home she had stolen, the posi- tion she had assumed, she would go for help to the very creature she had most wronged— Magdalen Jardine. Since coming to Alandale Hall she had heard a great' deal of the girl who or years had been looked on as its heiress. At one time she had almost hated Magdalen because "all men spoke well of her," but that phase of feeling had passed, and for weeks now she had thought of the girl she had wronged with a deep remorse. It seemed to Helen that if she went to Kew and poured out her story to Magdalen Jardine, /the elder girl would forgive her and even help her to escape from England and hide Merself in some foreign land where Dick could not pursue her and the memory of her sin might be blotted. out. She slept at lns as peacefully as a child slept till her maid came with the hot water and her early cup of tea. The girl's eyes were round with wonder; her face wore the excited air common to her class when they have some- thing startling to communicate. Susan knew perfectly that her young lady had sometimes gone out into the grounds at night after her aunt believed her to be in bed, but the maid was really attached to her mis- tress, and instead of thinking any harm of these strange nocturnal rambles, she had described them in her own mind to the fact of Miss Jardine being " Colonial." Susan had the most peeuliar ideas of the vast district inhabited by Eaglich speaking people beyond the sea ; she believed that they

===== 0002601_19060224_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
EIMIM

===== 0002601_19060224_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
plicit instructions from his superiors at York. To arrest a member; of the English Peerage was a job he did'not care to execute on his OW7I authority, but meanwhile Dobbs, • armed with the warrant in .his pocket, was ,on guardr and there was little doubt he would not have allowed Lord ,Alatidale to leave his . own grounds. • Kenneth looked from Helen to Lady Mare, and'from them ti thh Rector. He di not in the least understand the visit at this early hour.

" I am very glad to see you all," he said pleasantly ; " you don't often come tc.a. call on me, Aunt Mary. Why did you drive in a closed carriage this lovely day ? " He knew nothing, r9thing of the darter which threatened him, that was the thoug'ut which flashed ,ihroligh the mind of hi vii " I did not care to face my neighbours 'his morning," am toe angry with 'them," replied Lady Mary. " Kenneth have you heard of the, tragedy at Ivy Cottage ? " , ,

.. . . "No," he answered quickly " I overslept myself this morning, and as yet I have .ectt no one but the servant who waited on me ,at breakfast. I thought she looked as though she had lost her head. but I never fancied that it was any sudden c-l-mitylin the village which had excited her." .

' "Norton. was shot last night, probably be- tween eleven and twelve, close to the great cedar tree by the West Lodge," said Mr. Arnot.

Lord Alandale looked at Helen ; his eye's were fixed on her's. Did he doubt her ? Was it possible he suspected her of killing the man she loathed ? For a moment he; heart stood still with fright ; it :seemed to heii that if Ken- neth thought her a murderess she hoped but for one thing—death

But Lord' Alandales next Words reassured her. "I am sure there is no one near here who would kill the fellow," he said gravely. " Our villagers are a patient, , people ; it's more likely that someone the fellow had wronged tracked him to this place and avenged themselves." . And ,then Lady Mary .told him the truth. As she spoke the cruel news Helen Jardine -moved a few paces closer to the Earl and pot her hand quietly on his arin ; the touch of those slender fingers thrilled him through and through; he knew what the action meant, that whoever else looked darkly on him Helen trusted him with all her soul, and he felt that after the pressure Of that little hand it mattered nothing to him if all the rest of the world believed him a, Murderer.

"Aunt Mary,", he said very quietly, for he knew how sorely her pride must be wounded, "do not look- so troubled and cast down. We shall soon weather this storm. I was impru- dent to speak those angry words to Norton but he had riled me past endurance. I think I am too well known to our magistrates for them to misjudge me, and, thank Heaven, a man is tried by his actions, not by a few words spoken in passion's heat." " Will you come With us to the Hall ? " asked 'Lady Mary. Poor woman, she had some idea of confinif'v, lennetli in a suite of rooms and refusing all access to them. It was on record that Alandale Hall had resisted a long siege during the civil wars, and Lady Mary would have done her best to defend it a second time.

"No," said Kenneth decidedly, "1 shall never forget your goodness in wishing it, Aunt Mary, but I won't have it said that one of my name ran away. If they want to arrest me they shall come and take me here in my own house."

"You are right". said Mr. Arnot gravely. "I begin to hope though, Kenneth, that the police have thought better of it ; it must be two hours and more since they came to me for the warrant."

"I wish you would go and say an encourag- ing word to Martha Martin," said Lord Alan. dale to the clergyman. "She was my old • nurse, you know, and has never lost her affec• tion for me. What with the shock of her lodger's murder and the worry of having the police in and out harrying her with questions I expect she is almost beside herself." Why not go yourself? " Alanclale shook his head.

" I shall not stir from this house until I go down to the 'Green Man' to be present at the inquest. I expect the real reason of the warrant not being used is that I am to be called as a Witness. Depend upotv it, the police wig keep me in sight till then."

"I wonder Graham -did not come and tell you about the murder," put in the Rector. . .

Lord Alandale

"He'd feel it a liberty to hint at the sus- picions abroad against me, and he's too in- nately true to see me and keep them back, so he's taken the easiest course and stly c I awoy " Dr. Graham had not been in the parish very long; he was a clever man and very good to the poor, but he had an almost exaggerated respect for his superiors and a great fear of presuming on their cordiality, so probably Lord Alandale's theory was right. The ladies drove back to the Hall, but Mr. Arnot remained. at Woodlands ; he wanted to say a few words in private to the Earl, es- pecially to tell him of the discovery that Norton was a ticket-of-leave man and the hus- band of Hildred Jasper, the dead girl who had left Australia with Miss Jardine. . "That explains Helen's strange interest in the man," said Lofd Alandale."l'm % afraid litr meetings with him will come out at the inquest." "It is much better that no secret should be made of them," said the Rector. "In a chse of this sort rumour always exaggerates sus- .picion, and the best way to scotch a scandal is to tell the full unvarnished truth."

..... " I suppose there's nothing to fear," said Kenneth soddenly. " A little unpleasantness and a nine is' wonder, nothing else ? " "I am not sure," confessed Mr. Arnot. " I felt so uneasy about you that I wired to my son-in-law at York to come up by the first train, To the world at large he can be just paying me allying visit, but if he thinks there's goihg to be trouble it will be just as well for him to be at the inquest to watch your in- terests."

"Good old Joe," said Kenneth, who had known Mi. Fielding from his boyhood, long before he carried oft the Rector's only child to reign over his home in York, ". I'd rather have him to guard thpiii than anyone I know." Mr. Fielding had Obeyed his father-in-law's summons so promptly that he ,was at Woo,' lands in time for lunch, a cheery-looking young fellow with a hearty laugh, but yet a very keen-sighted man in all that concerned his pro- fession.

I

===== 0002601_19060224_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
e 4).

"It's prepcisterous," he said, when the Rector had explained matters, " perfectly pre- posterous that you should be suspected, but all the same, Lord Alandale, I'm afraid the matter will cause you some uneasiness and in- convenience. Of the local magistrates, if it's a full bench four out of the seven • are keen radicals, the type of men who rather enjoy throwing mud at anyone with a title on the grounds, as they would say, that there she lid be but one law for rich and poor. , Do you know anything of the coroner ? " He's an old friend, but he's away just now so we shall have his deputy, Mr. Carter, a man I never set eyes upon:. The time wore on to the immest winch opened at five to suit the convenience of a rustic jury. The three gentlemen from Wood- lamls entered the large roorn, at the "Green Man" which was to serve as the coroner's court before most of the spectators who soon filled it, but Alandale noticed two trifles which yet seemed to .him to have a grim significance. DObbs, the constable, with an acquaintance in plain clotheS (who might, or might not, be 0f,.. his own profession). kept him carefully irf view on the walk to the inn, and .even 'NV hen the room tilled up .rapidly no one came ve-ry close to him ; it was as though the spectator felt inclined to make a cirsje round him in which no one ,should intrude. It might have been respect for this rank, but the Earl believed it due to a very • deferent feeling, nameiv, an objection to rub shoulders with a murderer. • (To be conll44ued.)

FO R

nothing to and abroad. fired. Price, 9,1 d..

I __. .. J. -,...- Z ---"l ':...t• ,ED miasmas= 99') ' APOUND -(, 4 AVOWED ESSEN = ,iStED ANISEED ETs A A . t.rpROVVAI 0 INSEED COMPOUND" is a reliable old English home ..4 remedy. It softens hard phlegm, permitting it to be expectorated 'Without strain, soothing the membranes and . olio:ring the irritation so commonly ex- perienced. There is nothing to equal it. Of . all Chemists at home and abroad. Refuse Ike ' nutny substitutes offered. Price, 9.1d..1/1,1.211. i ,

...min.

USE czt .... .6. Or:..*. UNSEEP of.: sT RARDlLimummommium f tiPOUND:‘ , . , KAYS COMPOUND ESSEN & •:: , , OF 1.1115.U6 ANISEED ETC t.. „•,.. " NSEED COMPOUND" POUND" 114 is a reliable old English home remedy. It softens bard phlegm, permitting it to be expectorated 'Without strain, soothing the membranes and allaying the irritation so commonly ex- perienced. There is - " - equal it. Of all Chemists at home Refuse Ike nuiny substitutes sip .1/15.2 It / ---mainek,

===== 0002601_19060224_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
r 016.41.1% 441

"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE."

===== 0002601_19060224_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
COUGHS&COLDS

===== 0002601_19060224_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION CUP.

Intermediate, Round. Pontefract 3 521 Hull Newington n n 0 Brookland Roy. Featherstone Roy 1 2 8 Otley 1 1 5 Normanton Runcorn Reighley York 3 3 15 New Blackpool 0 0 0 T3righouse Rang— 1 0 2 Huddersfield ... 0 0 0 Leigh Shamrocks 0 1 3 Onarlderton Victoria Rangers 4 0 8 Hehden Bridge 0 0 0 Rochdale Hornets 1 2 3 R. Rangers Morecambe 1 1 ; Millom Egerton Parton i

===== 0002601_19060224_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION LEAGUE.

RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S MATCHES. G. T. P. (1. T. P Leeds... .. 3 2 12 Broughton R.... 2 1 7 llunslet 3 2 12 Batley Halifax Oldham 2 3 13 Dewsbury 0 0 0 Hull Kingston R. 2 3 13 Warrington poL'.' Rh 3 3 15 Barrow 0 3 9 Hull null Kingston Rovers v. Warrington. „ Warrington made their second journey to Hull on stnrday, when they renewed acquaintance with their oPPonents in the Cnn-final of last April. The Rovers bad already won at, Warrington in the first leagne match between the two clubs, and were favourites on Saturday seeing that only one of Warrington's backs played In the final ties. The others are mostly on the injured list. Fine weather prevailed and the fixture drew a crowd of over 8.000 people. Teams : Hull Kingston Rovers—Back, W. Medley ; three quarter backs, G. H. West, W. Phipps, D. Rees, and W. F. Jowett ; half backs, J. Barry and .1. Gordon ; inrwards, A. Starks (captain). W. T. Osborne, C. J. Hambrecht, H. Sherwood, J. Gath, D. Mullineux, W. Bent, and A. Spackman. Warrington—Back, Berry ; three-quarter backs, Widdeson. Jones. Ike Taylor, and Kenyon ; half backs, llockeqhall and S. Lees ; forwards, Preston. Boardman, Themes, Shincars. Heath, Belton. Harmer. and Swift. Referee, Mr. F. Kennedy (Broughton Rangers); lines- rnee, Messrs. F. W. Morton (Castleford) and S. Golds- smith (York.) . The firm: score came to the Hull team, Medley kick- 'pnngt a goal from a favourable position, and then West on two nnconverted tries, the latter a beauty, and t_he. result of jaxcellent play by Dan Rees, Gordon, and -rh,Pris. A prisltv goal bv Starks brought the half- time score to 10 points to nil. The re-start Ws9 somewhat tame. Berry roused a cheer by a gallant save, and the next incident was an accident to Phi Pr's, who had to leave the field for a short time, .1. (lath takina his place. Warrington Showed unmistakable improvement as the game wore on, but they failed to make much headway, and were a good deal on their defence. Before the close Rees "'wed the way for a final score sending the ball to Phipps, who passed to WC.It, and this player registered his third try. Reonit :-11n11 Kingston Rovers 2 goals 3 tries (13 points), Warrington nil.

(

I

A FOUNDATION OF STRENGTH. The Medical 211a4azine says—" For strength, purity, and nourishment there is nothing superior to be found to Cadbury's." This high testimony is endorsed by all regular users of Cadbury's cocoa, which is a strength-giving and sustaining beverage, suitable alike in infancy, prime of life, mid old age, . The purity Of Cadbury's cocoa is a great point with the manufacturers and no deleterious ingredients are used to flavour or thicken the beverage. Cadbury's is cocoa, and the best cocoa only, manufactured amid pure surroundings in the heart of England. No other cocoa is prepared in the Cadbury Way, none yield a beverage so pure, so whole- some, and so delicious. Choose it for economy, for fine flavour, for digestibility, and because it -' cocoa.

finest

1

I ,

===== 0002601_19060224_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

ESTIMATES FOR THE YEAR. Increased Call upon the Rates.

The principll item under discussion at the monthly meeting of the Warrington Education Committee which was held on Monday was the consideration of the esti- mates. These were presented by Mr. A. J. Jolley as chairman of the Finance Committee and show an increased call from the rates amounting roughly to 21d. in the Z. Alderman Bennett presided and there were also present: —The Mayor, Alderman Smethurst, Conneillors Barton, Ellison. Evans, Sankey,Fulton Smith,Wilkinson, Messrs. W. Bibby, R. T. Fairclough, A. J. Jolley, H. Kingdon, T. May, C. E. Parker, E. Plinston, H. Roberts, C. H. Unsworth, J. Upson, G. Walker, Revs. Canon, Stevenson, N. Wilson, J. Yonge, Messrs. J. Moore Murray (director), and John Fairhurst (treasurer). APPOINTMENTS TO THE NEW COMMITTEE.

--- - The CHAIRMAN said that the first business was to make a recommendation to the Town Council for the appointment of two persons of experience in education, and acquainted with the needs of the various kinds of schools in the borough, as selected members of the Education Committee for the next three years, in accord- and with the scheme made by the Council and approved by the Board of Education. The members were perhaps aware that the three members of the committee ander that head were Mr. Jolley, Mr. May and Mr. Roberts. Mr. Roberts had only been appointed some short time, ance as the appointment was for three years only Messrs. Jolley and May now retired. They were eligible for re-election and he asked for a proposition on the matter. Councillor ELLISON proposed the re-election of the retiring members. Alderman SMETHURST seconded. Mr. PLINSTON supported,and it was unanimously carried Mr. JOLLEY returned thanks on behalf of himself and Mr. May.

THE ESTIMATES. THE INCREASE EXPLAINED.

Mr. JOLLEY proposed the adoption of the estimates. He said the estimates for the coming financial year would have been more trustworthy had they been able to know exactly what the expenditure was for the year just closing,but as there were still six weeks to run they were not able to speak with absolute confidence ; still the figures had been most carefully considered, and he could assure the committee that, when the year did close, they would find that the actual expenditure had been very close to the estimates. The estimates for the School Attendance Sqb-committee were verysimilar to those of the year now closing. The items refarring to the maintenance of children in various institutions. accounted for the increase of £lOO 9s. 4d. The com- mittee provided for the average number of children being sent to the different institutions. For the past year the number had been somewhat below the average but the committee thought it would be unwise to rely upon a recerrence of that happy state of things and had therefore assumed that they would have to meet the , coat of providing for a normal number of children. Parental contributions were still small in proportion to the outlay but in view of the promise of Councillor Ellison that the matter should receive attention he would say nothing further. On the School Manage- ment Committee the total deficiency was estimated at £1,212 us. sd. Taking the Higher Education Depart- ment of the School Management Committee, they would notice that the salaries in connection with the Secondary Schools showed an increase. The salaries for the Technical Institute, however, showed a decrease, and taking the two together for tile purpose of fair comparison, the increase was only 26 on the year. The changes were due to a re-arrangement of the work and the staff, by which they had been able to secure highly qualified teachers for special subjects in both depart- ments, and he thought the work both in respect of the day and evening classes had been materially improved with practically no additional expense. ((lear, hear.) There was a slight increase in respect of the Evening Continuation Schools, the figures being £571 Is. as against £536 125., but everyone who had the true welfare of the rising generation at heart must wish that the expenditure under that head was far larger. (Hear, hear.) The School Management Committee's efforts, however, to develop this work had not met with such success as be thought they deserved, and the mem- bers of the committee did not feel justified in inereasing the expenditure unless there was a reason- able prospect of an adequate return. The only other items calling for comment were those for scholarships and for the Grammar School. The item for scholar- ships was reduced by £5O and the possible grant to the Grammar School was increased from £3OO to £4OO. That was simply providing for the carrying out of the offer which was made by the committee and approved by the Council, that on certain conditions any deficiency in their annual income would be made up by the committee to the extent of £4OO. In return the governors of the Grammar School were to comply with certain conditions one of which was the granting of scholarships. The Grammar School had expressed their willingness to meet those conditions, and the estimates for scholar- ships and the proposed grant therefore appeared as be had stated. On the receipt side for higher education they would notice an estimated decrease on "customs and excise " from £973 9s. Id. to £OOO. Whether owing otherrteo e the et pya eeu rasser uss a the deci oed ul ont grointbeukntnci know of o temperancewnsbfurtoin from we ausscustoms ao mfact oratorsndt h eao xter istone ttho e rl oschaalr e taxation tiohne shoe d a lblee de n dwi mh isk vsh s a minog,e and so expected to be less. (Laughter and hear, hr). The 'Nies slight change in the estimated grants for the Secondary school (estimated decrease £750 to £700) was due to code changes. The grants for pupil teachers they esti- mated at LW as against £2OO for the year now ending. That amount was the maximum so far as the present regulations permitted, but there was occasion for hope, as it was announced that day that Mr. Birrell had declared that further grants would be made in this direc- tion. (Hear, hear.) He was sure they would all welcome that announcement. Of course they knew nothing definite, but it was scarcely probable, however, that the additional allowances under the heads of secondary education and the training of teachers now promised would be of such an amount as to materially affect their income. The capitation grants from the counties of Lancashire and Cheshire they estimated at £125, an increase of £75, Those grants were, of course, certain payments made by the two authorities in respect of pupil teachers and technical students attending the municipal centre and the Institute who resided outside the county borough. The item of £55 for the sale of books and materials at the Institute which was in the closing year's estimates went out altogether, as the committee thought the pur- chases should be made through local booksellers and not from the officers of the committee. The net deficiency for " education other than elementary "was £1,300 13s. as against £1,292 Is. and he thought con- sidering the work which had been done the slightly Increased cost called for no adverse comment, but, if any comment were offered, it should be favourable. (Hear, hear.) Mr. ROBERTS: Why are the Technical Institute fees estimated at £lO less? .

_ . Mr. Jor.m.w, in reply, said that in that matter the Institute and the evening classes should be taken together as there was some rearrangement. They had established a standard of entrance examination for the Institute, and that was likely to reduce the numbers, because someanpils who were not quite ready to take advantage or the Institute would be referred to the evening schools. Continuing,be said that with regard to ELEMENTARY EDUCATION the item which had caused the most heart searching was the estimated increase of £1,400 in teachers' salaries, which amounted to £27,222 19s. Bd. as against £25,779 17s. 3d. The MAYOR : When can we expect these increases to cease? Are they to go on for ever? Mr. JOLLEY : No. Continuing, he said of the total increase £1,035 was due to the scale increases and the remainder to plovision for existing vacancies and for two months' salaries for the ' " Beamont "

,

===== 0002601_19060224_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 24, 1906.

School, which would probably be opened and in use during the coming financial year. There was an item of £4OO for stationery and apparatus for the new school. j This would not be a recurring item, but it was an initial I expenditure which could not be defrayed from the loan. j The amounts put down for drill (£100) and for scholars' 1 attendance at the bates (£5O) were as agreed upon by the various committee concerned. On the receipt side for elementary education the estimated grants did not , show any material change, simply because the existing ischools were full and could not, therefore, earn more under present conditions as they were earning nearly all that it was possible for them to earn. No grant for the " Beamont " School would be receivable during the coming financial year. The item for fees was slightly reduced. From time to time attention had been called to minor changes in excess fees, and the change in the estimate was to meet this change of conditions. The net increase in the deficiency in rf4ard to elementary education from £1,720 Gs. 3d. to £3,335 2s. Id. was more than explained by the increases of salary he had referred to and expenditure in connection with the "Beamont " school. The whole question of the staffing of the elementary schools had been a subject of repeated and anxious con- sideration by the members of the School Management Committee, and a sub-committee consisting of Canon Stevenson, Father Wilson, Mr. Upson and himself had been appointed and had already devoted much time and thought to the question. Without desiring to say anything which might, in any way, prejudice the issue, he must remind the members that they in Warrington had still a great deal of leeway to make up, and that though great improvements had been made the staffs of the elementary schools ,were still very far from ideal. (The Mayor : The pay isn't). He could also assure them that the School Management Committee fully realised the importance of securing not only that every teacher should receive a fair day's pay for a fair day's work, but also that every teacher , should give his orher best for the welfare of the chil- dren, and put in a fair day's work for a fair day's pay. (Hear, hear). Speaking in general terms, they got admirable service from the members of the various staffs, but those who had looked at the resolution of the committee, asking for half-yearly reports by head teachers as to the conduct and work of assistant teachers, &c., would recognize in it another evidence of their determination to do all in its power to secure that the local authority got a full 20s. worth of work for every pound paid in wages, (Hear, hear). He did not want to minimise the burden which the ratepayers had to bear in respect to elementary education and he did not want anyone to get it into their heads that they were rfgardless of that burden as they were fully determined to see that they got value for their outlay. (Hear' hear.) As to the Finance Committee's estimates thlsre was an increase in respect of water owing to a change in the system, but that did not affect the rates. They had put down £125 for water, whereas it had previously beenlincluded in other items. Strictly speaking, however, the item was a matter of book-keep- ing. The item for window-cleaning had gone up from £9O to £135. The work was done by contract, and the lowest tender had been accepted. In the present esti- mates £136 was put down for rates and taxes as against £6O, as the amount was previously under-estimated. The amount for gas remained the same, but there had been a little saving on electricity by strict care. The amount for interest and instalments on loans for the Bolton and Beamont schools (land and buildings) was .£1,089 ss. 9d., as against £3OO previously, though of course the reason for that needed no explanation. On the receipt side of the Finance Committee's estimate there was an increase of £so,the receipts for the current year having been higher than anticipated. Of the increase in the estimated deficiency from £7,243 18s. to £8,519 12s. 7d., £2OO was not a real increase, being a book-keeping transfer in respect of water and rates, and the remainder was on account of new schools. The esti- mates cf the Sites and Buildings Committee showed a reduction from £470 to £335, and were quite as low as was consistent with safety. Personally, he thought they were rather too low, and the members would probably quarrel if there was a deficit. The MAYOR: The members had a fit of economy and I hope others will have the same. Mr. Jonas": But there is a difference between paper economy and real economy. (Laughter and hear, hear.) Continuing hisstaternent, Mr. JOLLEY said the total e.-timated deficiency as shown by the summary was £14,732 195. 4d., an increase of £.2,839 12s. over that for the current year ; an increase which had been received with a considerable amount of adverse com- ment. Might he point out that this statement of estimated expenditure had been honestly and carefully prepared and frankly set before the community their financial responsibilities in respect of education. Might ho also state that great care had been exercised in every department of their administration to ensure that no money should be spent unnecessarily and that for every penny laid out good value should be received. As evidence of the thoroughness and efficiency of the administration it might be pointed out that of the county boroughs of Lancashire and Cheshire only one had a higher percentage of attendance in its elementary schools, whilst their cost per head for elementary edu- cation was the lowest in the two counties. (Hear,hear.) For their work both generally and in the preparation of the estimates he wished to specially thank the Director of Education and the Borough Treasurer, as the com- mittee and community as a whole were deeply indebted to them. (Hear, hear.) There was another matter which, during the last few days, had been several times mentioned to him by members of the Town Council and others, namely, the power of the Board of I Education and of the Local Government Board Ito interfere with the action of the local authority and to insist on certain conditions. For three or four years past a considerable section of he conam-inity had clamoured for the intervention of the Local Government Board in matters with which that powerful department had really nothing to do. Personally he did not fear any action on the part of the Local Government Board. Having, in other depart- ments of public life, had much to do with the Local Government Board he had no illwill towards it. He knew that its action was usually governed by a wise adherence to sound social principles, and he knew also the great and beneficial results that it had helped to achieve by coercing, when necessary, backward local authorities. Much the same applied to the Board of I Education and their determination to insist that in all new schools there should be plenty of light and air, , and that the environment of the children should be bright, pleasant and absolutely sanitary would not be challengedeeeie duplifting. n yeoune wh o had Theany central realeet r al national e sir e for lwell-being round, ysecuire buildingedacer dte taienstainnidsatrrdatieoef eerfnieeng, cyeaeldl d, both teaching, whilst encouraging local authorities to experi- ment and advance beyond the minimum national standard. I Though Mr. Birrell had not given the public as yet any details of his plans either for legislation oradmints- tration he had spoken with no uncertain voice as to his general policy. They might take it that there would be no reaction tolerated, but that the full powers of his department would be put forth to encourage, and if necessary to enforce better administration and educa- tion all round. It was quite possible that the Govern- ment might give higher grants for education, but if so, it was quite certain that they would couple with them stringent conditions. There was no prospect of the cost of education either locally or nationally, being reduced, and any education, such as he had heard hinted at several times lately, to ignore the regulations of the national authority—regulations wisely framed in , the interests both of the children and of the whole community--coald only end in defeat, disgrace and loss. , (Hear, hear.) Not quite one-third of the cost of our education was borne locally. He had no desise to deny that it was a real and a heavy burden, but it was part of , the price of progress and any attempts to kick against the regulations of the national authority would hinder progress and would be suicidal. If we, as a nation, were to maintain successfully the industrial and com- mercial struggle which was so acute and so relentless, we must owe our success in no small degree to better , education. If our British democracy was to show itself worthy to control the destinies of the Empire, and to do its share in lifting the subject races to higher levels of civilization, to continue to be a pioneer of human progress, it must be in a fuller, higher, truer sense than most people yet realized, an educated democracy. Towards the attainments of that lofty end they must each do their part, and theirs was to accept their financial burden and approve of the estimates as , cheerfully as polisible. The CHAIRMAN said be was sure they had all been interested in the admirable speech Mr. Jolley had , delivered.. (Hear, hear.)

Councillei SAN'ICEY 'seconded the passing of the estimates. Councillor SANKEY seconded. _ . _ _

The MANOIt asked when the scale of salaries for teachers would reach the maximum. The 3 were told at first that educational work was going to be carried on fora rate of sd. in the £. The committee, however, levied Sd ; last year the rate was Is. and this year it was to be 15.31. The salaries paid to the teachers exceeded

the grants earned by about £2,ooo.Either the committee were not getting value for their money or they had more teachers than they required. The ratepayers would have no objection to paying the ordinary managing expenses but the grants earned by the schools should be equal to the amounts of the salaries, or the efficiency should be so high as to justify the extra cost. He asked the question with regard to the maximum, so that the Council would know when these increases of 3d. in the £ were likely to cease, as the matter was becoming a serious one. It was questionable whether some small schools were not costing too much in salaries, consider- ing the grants they earned. Mr. H. T. FAIRCLOUGII said that, speaking on behalf of the Church of England school managers, he knew they felt they had incurred a large outlay since the Act came into force in complying with the requirements of the authority as to the provision of light and air. They were very much disappointed at the heavy expenditure attendant upon the work of the authority and they considered the committee had been extravagant. With reference to the schools with which ha was connected—the National Schools—there WM a considerable increase of salaries. If they were getting a better class of teaching at the school under the new conditions be could see where the utility of the increase came in, but he contended that the staff was not as good to-day as it was before the Act was passed. At that time they had only certificated men teachers whereas to-day they had about five female teachers and some were uncertificated. The quality of the teaching was not as good as it was under the old conditions and he would like some explanation on the point. Many of the Church of England managers were deeply disap- Pointed at the results of the committee's work as shown in the estimates.

Mr. MAY commented upon the clearness of Mr. dolley's statement and said that if they had had similar statements in preceding years a great deal of the criti- cism which he and others had made from time to time would have been disarmed. It was evident that there had been a strong and determined effort on the part of the committee to reduce the estim- ates. He would, however, point out that while there was no increase in the accommodation provided or in the grants and fees received, or in the efficiency of the teaching staff, they had been saddled with an enormous increase of expenditure which he found it impossible to estimate because they had no statement of the original cost of education such as was being given when the committee took over the work. The committee had increased the salaries paid but they had not provided any more accommodation for scholars and he thought that was a fatal mistake. The Americans when they had a dozen scholars could put up a shanty and give a first-rate education. The Warrington Education Committee kept the children waiting, and drove them into the streets and allowed them to be taught to swear before they learned their letters. They stultified the efforts of their attendance offices because they were too lethargieoF conceited or too strongly wedded to a policy of having. fine large schools, and therefore they would not provide accom- modation such as had been suggested by the School Attendance Committee in the form of rooms or iron buildings like they had in use at Stockton Heath. Mr. i May contended that there was room for economy n the cost of electric and gas lighting and said the head- masters should be empowered to impose fines for waste- fulness in this direction. The teachers, he thought, might also be responsible for the winding up of the clocks and the expenditure on stationery could be re- duced. Mr. May moved an amendment that the esti- mates be not approved but no seconder was forthcoming and he withdrew it. Mr. C. E. PARKER said the most important and serious item in the estimates was the increase of teachers' salaries and the practical point was whether or not they had fixed the scale too high. The test of that was whether they had a super-abundance of teacherl and whether they were keeping the teachers they had. During the past year forty-six teachers had removed to other towns beoause they had been able to obtain larger salaries and when the committee advertised vacancies they seldom had as many as six applicants. The fact was that there was a deficiency of teachers and the circum- stances he had just mentioned proved that the scale was not too high. It was natural for members to grumble and complain, but what the Finance Committee wanted was that the gentlemen who complained should suggest some practical way of reducing the estimates. The Rev. CANON STEVENSON said the question of salaries was obviously the one which weighed most heavily on the minds of gentlemen on the com- mittee and . probably of some outside that room. He would point out that the passing of the Education Act developed an altogether new state of thing in educa- tion, and the immediate effect of enabling the rates to be used for all schools was to at once create a great demand for teachers, which could got be met on the spur of the moment. It meant that more t-:achers would be attracted into the profession, and in time things would right themselves. At the present time and for the past two or three years the supply was very far from equalling the demand, and the natural result had occurred. There had been a corresponding increase in salaries, not only in Warrington but all over the country, and if the Committee had not paid their teachers at a higher scale than they had been paid in previous pears they would scarcely have had a teacher in their schools. As it was they had lost a great many through the scale not being very high. 'He submitted that the authority had had its hands forced and had been carried on to a large expenditure on teachers by a motive force which it had no power whatever to control. Having said that, as an honest man he was bound to add that personally he was very glad of it because he did not think that in the past the teachers had been paid well enough and he believed himself in the importance of the teacher. Considering the responsibility and the enormous importance of his work to the commonwealth and the efficiency that was required he thought that, so far from the teacher being over-paid, the contrary, if anything, was the case. The authority had been by no means extravagant and the increase of expenditure was due to pres- sure from outside causes. He was inclined to agree with the remarks of Mr. Fairclough. Personally the question of staffing the schools had concerned him very anxiously for some time. His belief was that the committee had not adopted a sufficiently good standard in staffing their schools—that was to say,they had had too much regard to economy rather than too little. They were now engaged in anxious deliberation on the subject. They started with the ideal that every teacher in the school&if possible should be fully qual- fled.. That was an laid which he for one held very dear and it would be a great regret to him if the committee had to go back upon it. He was, however, bound to say that with the increase in the rates and the whole expenditure, it would be their duty to consider whether it would not be advisable under the circumstances, and, he hoped., as a temporary measure only, to resort to a less qualified class of teachers, at all events in some of the smaller .schools. He would be sorry to see that done, but having regard to their duty to the ratepayers as well as their duty to education it might be right that they should adopt some such measure. The Rev. Father WILSON wished to dissociate himself in part from the statements made with regard to the want of increase of efficiency in the teaching staffs. With regard to the schools with which he was more intimately connected, he was glad to testify that there had been a very considerable increase in efficiency. ITS did not think it would be very rash to say that even if the staffing of the schools was not altogether ideal and what they might really desire, it was practically efficient and a cons:derable improvement on the staffing of the schools before the Act came into force. The cost worked out at .£2 ss. Der head of the average attendance—a figure which was considerably less than that which used to be paid under many school boards and which was paid by a number of other authorities. He believed the committee were getting gem value for the money spent in salaries. Mr. H. RCIBERTS said it seemed to him that if Mr. May's idea of the efficiency of the teachers resolved itself to some extent into their capacity for winding up clocks—(laughter)—his idea of the value of the teachers and the ideas of some members of the committee would differ very materially indeed. If a school master could not be better employed than in winding up the clocks he was not fit for his position. Mr. Roberts pointed out that Mr. May had produced no proof that there was waste- fulness in the use of 'gas and electricity and it was not fair of him to oriticise the estimates on such an appar- ently false basis. With regard to the increase of salaries that committee had sanctioned them a few weeks ago and the Council had confirmed them. Was it not a bit childish, having had their opportunity for criticizing and having taken it to the full, that they should come again now when they had committed themselves to the expenditure? The Maxon : I asked when it was going to cease. Mr. ROBERTS : I had not you particularly in my mind.

Mr. MA.v : I olid not say the salaries were too high. I am being misrepresented. Mr. ROBERTS contended that the objectors to the increases were acting in a very unbusinesslike way. Continuing, he said the operation of the Education Act had unquestionably lifted the market value of the teach- jog profession—and to his isind very justly. He did not know of any other profession where for over a genera- tion the members had been content, owing to the curious conditions which obtained, to give their lives to one of the most important and praiseworthy occupations, and abide by a payment which had not been in many cases even a living wage. He contended on that account that the committee were not paying more than the market value. They in Warrington had been, fortmn- ately or unfortunately—and it was a very moot point— free from the expenditure which had characterised the conditions in many towns. In other wor is, they had not had a School Board. If they had had one, they would have been broken in to .an Education rate of probably 2s. in the £ long since. Now, because largely owing to the fact that they had such a leeway to make up and had to levy a rate of Is. 3d—which was a very low rate compared with what obtained in most other places—it was such an unusual thing that they kicked at it with all the strength they had. Mr. Roberts em- phasised the growing importance of education and said the members of the committee would be worse than craven cowards if they allowed themselves to have their ideas dominated by any mere question of the pocket for the moment. The committee had had to provide new schools, and thank goodness there was a Board of Education which would drive them along if they were not sufficiently alive to what was demanded of them. They were not going to stop at two schools, he hoped.

.

They would have to have more. That being the case.all the committee could do was to see they got value for their money. Mr. UPSON asked whether the committee over-spent their estimates for last year. He noticed there was an expenditure of £7OO on the maintenance of children in indukrial schools and similar institutions and he would like to know the number of children in respect oflwhorn payments were being made. Mr. Jolley had pointed out that a little less than a third of the cost of education was raised locally. He (Mr. Upson)noticed thee in Man- chester and in the Lancashire County area the local ratepayers provided one half and he believed that was the general proportion in county boroughs. It was really very sad that after the authority had been working for three years, they should have to restate the arguments they thought had convinced members of the committee and the public generally long since. The charge had been made that the committee were not getting any better service for the expenditure than they had prior to the passing of the Act. Three schools out of twenty in Warrington were at that time properly staffed. Now they had a very fair staff in every one of the schools. Under the old system there were nearly 15,000 scholars in the schools but only 2,000 were being taught by thoroughly competent, qualified teachers. Now almost the whole of them

were being taught by thoroughly qualified teachers. Mr. Fairclough should look at the matter ,in the whole and not find one school I where local and incidental accidents might have reduced , the staff. If they divided the amount paid in salaries , by the number of teachers in the town, they would find it g.ve an average salary of £7B. Ho had been some- what interested in the outlining of his duties by Mr. May. The head teachers had a large number of things to do at present, and it would appear that the last thing they had to do was to teach. (Laughter.) He might say there were no electric lights in the elementary schools. Mr. May talked about head teachers having to wind the clocks and turn out the lights, and of giving them magisterial powers to fine people who wasted gas. He would suggest that possibly the teachers might also be asked to wipe the noses of the children, and black the boots of the members of the committee. (Laughter.) Alderman SMETHURST said the Education Com- mittee's minutes were put and confirmed with snch rapidity at the Council meeting that there as hardly time for anyone to object to the salary increases. He contended that the teachers were well treated before the Act came into force—as was evidenced by the long connection of many teachers with this town—and that efficiency equal to the present standard was obtained' Mr. Max then moved an amendment that a minute suggesting larger parental contributions to the:mainten- ' ance of !children in institutions for the blind and deaf and drunh be not approved.He considered the resolution uncalled for as it would seem to suggest that the Finance Committee had authority over the other sub- committees. PraxsroN said he partly promised to second but after Mr. Jolley's explanation he did not see the neces- sity for the amendment. The amendment fell to the ground. The CHAIRMAN said the committee were undoubtedly keenly sensitive of their duties to the town in the direction of giving the best possible education and endeavouring to keep the rates as low as they could consistently with reasonable and proper efficiency. Some of the criticisms levelled against tie committee were uncalled for The committee were trying to do their best for the b.:own under somewhat difficult circumstances.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Home-Baited

is fresher, cleaner, more wholesome, C&, cheaper than shop-baked.

Home-73cs&ing

is easy, pleasant, and

sure, when Brown M,

Poison's raising powder PICZ i.slej, Flour' (Trade Mark) is used. Recipes with every. packet.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3

===== 0002601_19060224_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
TORTURING ECZEMA AND PSORIASIS

Milk Crust, Tetter, Ringworm, and Scaled Head, and Every Form of Torturing, Disfiguring Humours from Infancy to Age,

===== 0002601_19060224_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
SPEEDILY CURED BY CUTICURA REMEDIES

The agonizing itching and. burning of the skin, as in eczema; the frightful scaling, as in psofiasis ; the loss of hair and crusting of the scalp, as in scalled head; the facial disfigurement, as in pimples and ringworm; the awful suf- fering of infants, and anxiety of worn- out parents, as in milk crust, tetter, and salt rheum—all demand a remedy of almost superhuman virtues to success- fully cope with them. That Cuticura Soap, Ointment, and Pills are such stands proven beyond all doubt. No statement is made regarding them that is not justi- fied by the strongest evidence. The purity and sweetness, the power to afford im- mediate relief, the certainty of speedy and permanent cure, the absolute safety and great economy have made them the standard skin cures and humour reme- dies of the civilized world.

CAPT. GRAHAM'S CURE Of Distressing Humour by Cal. cura. Doctors Took His Money.

But Did No Good.

Captain W. S. Graham, 1321 Eoff St., Wheeling, W. Va., writing under data of June 14, 'O4, says: "I am so grate- ful I want to thank God that a friend recommended Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment to me. I suffered for a long time with sores on my face and back. Some doctors said I had blood poison, and others that I had barbers' itch. None of them did me any good, but they all took my money. My friends tell me my skin now looks as clear as a baby's, and I tell them Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment did it." •

Mr. JOLLEY said the Mayor had asked when the increases of salary would cease. It was really impossible to answer a question of that kind with any degree of accuracy. It largely turned on whether many THE "BOLTON " SCHOOL. of their teachers would stay permanently with them or INCREASED COST. get better situations elsewhere. It. was barely conceiv- The Sites and Building Committee recommended : able that they would never lose the present teachers,and "That the tender of Mr. Harry Fairclough, amounting in that event the increases might go on fora longnumber to £11,418 155., for the erection of the "Bolton " Corm- of years. At any rate, he thought they would go on for! cil School be accepted ; that application be made to at least two or throe years. For the year ending Marchthe Local Government Board for their sanction to the last the committee was over-spent by about £3OO. For I raising of a loan to cover the cost of the erection of the current year the figures would come out very close the building ; and that no deviation from nor alteration I indeed. In reply to Mr. Upson, he found that there lof the plans, specifications, and bills of quantities be ; were forty-four Warrington children in industrial ; permitted without the written consent of this corn- ; schools ancl similar institutions at the present time. The! mittee.e cost of education, Mr. Jolley pointed out in conclusion 1 In moving the confirmation of the minutes the MAYOR I was lower in 'Warrington than in any county borough said that there were four tenders,and that the one which ; in Lancashire and Cheshire and compared very favour- was accepted was the lowest, although the amount was I ably with that of most authorities in other parts of the considerably more than they expected. The architect I country. The committee did not anticipate ever getting was instructed to prepare plans which must comply with • on a level with West Ham where the education rate was 3s. 2d, a certain amount per head, and it must be limited to £l2 10s. but they were surprised to find it amounted to The minutee and estimates were confirmed. £l5 17s. per head. It was well to let the committee I EXCLUSION OF YOUNG CHILDREN FROM know of any increase in the cost. The tender and plans SCHOOL. had been before the Board of Education, and the corn- The School Management Committee, amongst others, mittee were committed to them if they accepted the, presented the following minute :—" The reports pie- teneer, otherwise they would have to go over the whole I pared by the Director and the Medical Adviser to the thine again, and probably they would be in % worse ! committee upon the attendance of children under five condition than that in which they now found themselves. I years of age at the public elementary schools in the Taking all things together he did not think they could 1 borough were submitted to the School Management do better than accept the tender. I Sub-committee, and it was resolved (a) that onand after Alderman SMETHURST Seconded, and said they could the Ist April, 1906, no child shall be admitted to an not possibly help the increase. infants' school unless it has passed its fourth birthdty ; Councillor EVANS : Have you added the cost of the (b) that children under five years of age shall only be paving . 7 e admitted to an infants' school during the week in which The MAYOR : No. the public elementary schools re-open after the Christ- Councillor EVANS said that therefore it was not fair mas, Easter,and Midsummer holidays ; and (c) that the to say the cost would be £15175. in his opinion it would parent of every child under five years of age admitted be nearer £2O or more. It was understood when the to an infants' school shall be required to give an under- architect submitted the plans that a builder could be taking that the child will attend school regularly, found to erect the schools with the elevation at £l2 10s. In moving the approval of the minutes the Rev, and it was unfair that one of the architects plans should Canon Monter STEVENSON said that upon that ques- tion there was a great variety of opinion in different Ibe submitted to the exclusion of others. They did not know how other pl ms would have worked out. parts of the country, as SOMA education authorities i Mr. MAY said it had been stated by the Chairman of were acting in one way and some in another. They had the Society of Architects in Manchester in public that two able reports on the matter, one from the Director I schools could be erected in the Manchester district to of Education and the other from their Medical Officer. ; comply with the requirements of the Education Depart. The head teachers were asked to give an opinion and , they were almost unanimous that except in the best ment for from £7 10s. to £lO per head. Yet they were class schools—schools which drew socially a better class paying double in that locality. Alderman BENNETT said the proof of the pudding was —the exclusion of children under five would result in '- the eating. They adopted the plans,after careful con- considerable loss to the children and they drew particu- '`' ' ; sideration,as *they complied with the conditions of the lar attention to the absence of home influence, the want , of discipline and the coast, uction of 'dirty habits. There . committee and were disappointed with the tenders was no doubt that the poorer children were better in , received. The matter had gone too far for them to the school under kindly discipline and acquiring habits turn the wheels backward. He did not think there was of order, obedience, and cleanliness than running about any committee who could have been animated with a the streets, which was generally the alternative. Con- 1 more ROBERTS..e honest desire to avoid extravagance. Mr. : How does it compare with the cost siderite., the early age at which most of the children left school, unless they ent3red before five there was , of the " Beamont "school ? Mr. alnenaY : The "Bearnont "school cost .£l2 15s. little chance of reaching the standard of attainment I they reached at the present time. The chief objection as against £lO 10d. stipulated. The CHAIRM A.N : In one case we are building three of the Medical Officer was to the tendency of the young ! children to contract infectious diseases when brought departments, and in this case only two. Probably it will work out the same. together in large numbers, and he:had taken out some figures which were very interesting, and he told them i Mr. ROBERTS : Would the drawings of the other that 66 of the deaths from measles in 1905 were of ' .architects have worked out any better, or is the actual children under seven years of age, but it must be increase explainable under ordinary conditions? Would stated in all fairness that 43 were of children under 1 that account for the whole of the difference? i The CHAIRMAN : I would not like to say that, but it three years of age. That a little detracted is the main item. from the strength of that particular point, alr. WALKER said the architect had done his best in and in his report the doctor made mention of the fact that the Improvements in the infant schools designing the school to come within the limits of the had of recent years been so great that instead of creat- £l2 lOs. scheme. There had been no disposition to hag injury to the brain by over-pressure the work of the mislead, but it was found that it was an utter impos- infant school was now more of the nature of n pleasant sibility to do the work for £l2 10s. nursery, in which a certain amount of knowledge The MAYOR said this was one of those cases in which was picked up imperceptibly without pressure while the there was a mixture of various circumstances. They 1 children were gradually trained in good habits. The asked for the plans to comply with the requirements of committee had, however, taken the middle course andl the Board of• Education, and Mr. Fairclough's plan was 1 ClAtt/El3'S 841 PILLS are warraltek to otra.ln eitnet put the age at four, and he ventured to think that they the one selected. They did not like the elevation and sex, allacquired for constitutional chseharges from the had arrived at what was a wise decision for this they asked for it to be amended, and when that was UlaaryOrgans, Gravel and Pains in the beat. eters from bletrurv. Established upwards of 10 years. In boxes Os. 6d. particular town. (Hear, hear.) done the plans were sent to the Board and approved. There had been a little more elaboration than was each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- MORE ACCOMNIODATION NEEDED. intended, but something could be cut down ; there was on th, world, or sent for sixty stamps by the mailers. Ttm Lin cola and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— The sub-committee appointed to consider the ques- for instance the felt in the roof which was not in the Advt. tion as to the necessity for providing increased other school, and that could be materially cut down. , FLORIT,INET—FOR THE TEETH AND BREAM—no Illy accommodation at the Secondary School and Technical las le n Mr. H. 40BERTS i Will the Mayor assure us that in cleanses the teeth from all paresites or impurities, hardens Institute, reported that, in their opinion, it was desir- the judgment of the committee they are not doing any the gums, prevents tartar stops decay, and gives to the able that consideration of the need for increasing the injustice to the competitive architects? teeth a peculiar pearls' whitenees and a delightful fragrance accommodation of the school be deferred until the The MAYOR : We are not doing that because none to the breach Price 25.6 d. for the liquid. or Is. per jar tot beginning of the next school year; and that the hoard- of the plans sent in would have complied with the the Floritine .• Powder," of, all Olteintsts and Perfumers.— ing which enclosed the playground at the school be put conditions so well. Advt. in a good state of repair; and it was resolved that the The minutes were then agreed to. VALUABLE DISCOVERY YOB X HA/R.—lf your hair is same be approved, and that the recommendations con- 1 i THE DEATH OF ALDERMAN HUTCHINSON. turning grey or white or faldr.., off. use the MEXICAN HAIR tamed therein be adopted. r At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee HENEREn, f)r it will pesitiveiy restore, ~s every sewer grey Canon STEVENSON said there was no doubt that the 7 white, hair t, its original colour. It makes toe hair held on the 19th met, there was a •tiotification of the o charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growtla question would have to be faced in the near future, but death, on the 22nd January, of M. Alderman Thomas for the present arrangements had been made wherebyprice 6. . per B. V . 3 6.1 botti &d t Hutchinson, who was a representative manager of the certain rooms used for pupil teachers were set at liberty To MoTHERS.—Yrs. WINSLoseS Soothing Syrup has been for the children, and they had sufficient accommodation St. James's School, Latchford. A recommendation was ,ed for over fifty years be millions of mothers for WA, now for all children. Other items in the minutes were made to the Town Council for the appointment of a euhidren While teething, with perfect success. It will relieve alluded to. With reference of the proposal of the corn- representative manager of the school, in place of the the po 'ir sufferer immediately. It Is pleasant to !taste; and late Alderman, produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from mittee to chargers minimum fee of Ti'. 6d. for attend- ; ance at the technical institute Otis was with a view to On the motion of the CHAIRMAN, seconded by Alder- nein and the littie cherub awakes" as bright at a huttlin " man SMETHURST, the minutes were approved, and the I instead of an isolated übject. of all Chemists Is lid, per bottle.—A.dvt encouraging students to take a course of subjects s , committee rose having sat two hours and a half. Mr. UNSWORTPI seconded the passing of the minutes. Mr. UrsoN said it was with reluctance he took excep- tion to a minute of a committee of which he was a j member, but he.must draw attention to the following i resolution :—" That the managers of the public elemen- tary schools in the borough be required to obtain from the head teachers half-yearly reports upon the conduct and work of the assistant teachers in their departments, such reports to be sent to this committee after they have been considered by the managers with any com- ments in reference thereto that the latter may desire to make ; the reports to be submitted to ithe committee as soon as possible after the 30th June and the 31st December in each year. It seemed that while the object of the resolution was a good one, the means adopted to produce the desired result were not good, as it would add greatly to the clerical work of the head teacher, especially in a large school. Was it advisable to utilise the head of a school to do a junior clerk's work? It meant a large number of reports by the head teachers, whose time was largely taken up at present by clerical work. If ahead teacher was not able to prevent any shirking on the part of the members of his staff he would not make that teacher do his work by sending a report. It appeared to him to be a very cumbersome method of attaining a desired object. The teachers of Warrington fully realized that the increases were not necessarily automatic and knew that unless they did their work thoroughly they were I not entitled to the increase on the scale. The names of only two boys had been entered as prospective pupil teachers and if that continued the children would event- ually be taught by women. It was not that they did not get sufficient money that kept young men out of ! the profession but the policy of continual pin-pricks, 1 the irritation, whieh restriction brought upon the men, , which made them intensly dissatisfied. He moved as an amendment that the minute in question be not approved. Councillor Evaaas seconded. Mr. MAY supported the minutes. He contended that it would be a dereliction of duty for any increase of salary to be granted to anyone In the employment of

Cutieurs. Soap, Ointment, and rills wa sold throughout the world. Depots London, LT Charterhouse Sq.; Paris, 5 Rued. la Pali; Australia, R. Towns & (..Sydney. Potter DrUS Chem. Corp, Boston, U. S. A. Sole Props. 461 Mailed Free," How to CUre Every HoIuOUL“

TOOTH-ACHE

CURED INiTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Pre veiltesZ;ecesas yilitvtsespErexvteracnut,ir, NIESUR7ILCI7I HEADACHES NFRVINE and all NERVE PAINS removed •••• • • by BUNTER'S NERVINE. Al! Chemists, Is, "As ANpecific ler Tnsthsche it as no equal, I hare usedtt successfully for yeare,"—Ficert, W, Wu.soy, M.D.

I TM.larlia).7o;ll • Royal Primrose

s 0A p ODOM (JOHN KNIGHT. Esid. 1817.) Made for nearly a century in the good old-fashioned way at the Royal Primrose Soap Works, Silvertown, the largest soap works in London. Unequalled for Purity and Eteellenee. LASTS LONGER than‘other SOAPS. SO DO THE CLOTHES. USED IN THE

u131:11:1 DA, Ery In DO

i?

D

===== 0002601_19060224_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL LAUNDRIES

FOR MORE THAN 35 YEARS ASK YOUR GROCER for John Knight's ROYAL PRIMROSE, and if you can't get it send postcard for addrcss of ncarcst dealer who stocks it.

Sole Makers: Joda Knight V Sons, Ltd. Soarmakers to If X The ring _ _ _ • .

The Royal Primrose Soap Works, London.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
the committee, particularly in the case of teacher], nnless there was a satisfactory report. He did not think the schoolmasters were paid well enough ; what he comnlained of was that the interests of the children were nlaced second to the interests of those who were teaching them. The children should stand first. The cause of the deficiency in the supply of male teachers was that in the present busy state of trade they could find better employment elsewhere. The amendment was lost only four voting for It. Canon STEVENSON. in reply, said the object of the resolution referred to by Mr. Upson was to have the a-surance that every teacher was doing his duty efficiently, and that the automatic increases of salary should not be voted unless there was frrmrance that that was the case. In answer to Mr. Plinston who drew attention to the appointment of Miss Barratt at the Secondary school, he said Miss Barratt was a new , teacher, and there was a difference between the Second- ary School and the primary school. The proposal was to nrevent teachers leaving in the middle of a term.

The minutes were passeti. STAFFING THE SCHODLS. The School Management Sub-committee having con- sidered the method of staffing the public elementary schools in the horonzh, resolved that a sub-committee, consisted of Mr. A. J. Jolley, Mr. J. Upson, the Rev. Neville Wilson and the Chairman of the committee (the Rev. Canon Stevenson), be appointed to consider the matter and report to the committee thereon. SCHOOL ALTERATIONS.

The Sub-committee--oltle—Sa-o-o-l-At-t-endance Com- mittee reported that they had visited the infants' department of the Trinity National School, and had requested the Director and the Surveyor to report as to the alterations which would be necessary to the exist- ing building so that it would meet with the approval of the Board of Education, and submitted a detailed report from the Surveyor as to the alterations necessary. It was resolved that the particulars furnished by the Surveyor be supplied to the managers of the Trinity National School, and that they be asked whether they would be prepared to carry out the alterations and repairs set forth by the Surveyor. It was further resolved that the sub-committee be requested to :seek an interview with Messrs. J. Crosfleld and Sons,Limited the owners of the land adjoining the school, with a view to ascertaining whetherany land cr uld be obtained for the purpose of enlarging the playground of the school. Councillor ELLISON moved and Mr. WALK En seconded the confirmation of the minutes.

Mr. UPSON asked for an explanation of the minute. Had the land been obtained, and at whose cost? Why had the sub-committee taken the procedure ? The CaIi:ERMAN : It seemed to be under the wrong committee.

Mr. PLINSTON was pleased Mr. Upson had raised the question. He had pointed out already that it was patting the matter in the hands of the sub-committee, who had no right to deal with it. Mr IVALKEn said the sub-committee were not anxious to take upon themselves the responsibilities of the Sites and Buildings Committee, but they thought they would be fully justified in making every inquiry before sug- gesting to that committee the desirability of building a school in the neighbourhood of St. Luke's. Mr. MAY : They are only seeking information and not interfering with the Sites and Buildings Committee. The sub-committee only wish to complete their state- ment and pass on the information to the Sites and Buildings Cammittee. Councillor ELLISON consented to withdraw the minute in question, and with that alteration the minutes of the School Attendance Committee were approved.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
C'

Cz

.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe " Ccamintr otrits

rWARRINGTON AND 1.1. TD S 2 -CHRSET BIAIIITINB." published evisry Saturds— morning. THE EARLREITOWN AND NRWTON EX A.M.INRR , published every Friday afternoon. r" "ST. ilitrArre ExAsurrgs,' published every Friday afternoon. THE "RUNCORN EXAMINER." published every Friday afternoon. 11" " WIDNES EXADITITIR," published every Friday afternoon.

TIP: EXAMINER SRRIES PRFIPAID ADVERTISENIRNT AP ARTMENTS WANTED HODS ES WANT ED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANE )175 WANTS

511soxi.xerrEorre 811.x8 rine Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 38 4' 54

RTICLUS FOUND

===== 0002601_19060224_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Bornestir APerbants, dr.

svANTRo. COOK GENTIIRkT, Parlw ai rmd £76. Housemaid £l3; fires pal 4.--1-1.. 253 Fulham rct., S.W.

SITUATiON W AIMED as general Servant ; age 22, two vests chartteter.—AaHnoug, Tuffiey Avenue, Moueecter.

WrANTHD. end of M,,ch. ;rood GRIQHRAL SHRVANT.— Mr.. R. PECVNINGTOIf, 131, wamptin r..Socithport•

WANTRO Cook-General. £2B; ParlourrnAirl. £2B; House- mald.2lo ; fares paid.— B. T. 258 Fnlharn rd.. London

WANTBD,r.PChk yonnir GENISHA.L SHIIVANT;gOO4 wxgPs.-27, DEMESNE RD.,Alexkndra Park,Manchester.

WANTHD.—GRNRHAL SHRVANT from 20 to 30 yeßre of age.—Apply Mrs. GRUNDY, Crown Hotel. Hope, st., Leigh

WvANTS!), experienced COOK-GKviCRAL, February age 98.- Apply Hi., The Firs, Parkficid rd ,

Knot+ford.

f ENERAL SHRVANT seeks affliction ; plcfn cooking ; kJ- Nit reference 21 years.-11. Vic-ronic. EMB&NICMF.NT,

WANTIM, OHNBRALS. wag.' from £l3 to £2l ; plrnty of other vacancies. —THE WFmcomt REGISTRY, Foutb- port. Tel. 689 x.

N;VANTBD rood Gi3NURIAL, 13 to 20, for bnuseorork and ,atrist In shop.—Apply. Miss Wosercs, 62, Market street Mt e. Lane*.

ANTHD. Immediately, young GEINFIRAL ; vrong. trustworthy —Apply, Um W. PITT-iieLFS, Ye Ode Vaults ItllesMere, Salop.

Avis. COT I. LADINY AND ill WANTS' AGFCNCY -131. Burnley.—Wanted superior Maids for all capacities good references required.

11,V AATBD goal IMISKAL for Chip Restaurant; two in family ; Protestant preferred —Apply 9, latrriros, Great Crosby, near Liirerpoo;.

AvANTI 11 OD WOMAN 84VANT 18 to 21 years of age for Wm.—Apply WILLIAM ROBERTS. Crompton Fold Farm, Breighteaet, Bolton.

AI/ANTED. GENERAL able to wash ; family three; fl Y. children.—Apply with references to Ixemanoon. Hyde rd., Girton. Manchester.

WANTRD Immenlat-ly, RE •PHOra fiCH GIRL to tram 69 Cook In small famlly.—Apply Miss Casttro's. F4ir- Worsley. or Manchester.

Do M 144T1C SHRVA NTS with good references cAn be suited daily with good Place itt KAlltWOOD'a IiZOI3TRT Eig. Welttate Burnley Bat. 1874.

AVANTED HOUSB so AT D-48 NBRAL for Wel-class company house. f 04 character. Wares £l4.—M bars 7aClrao:f. 65 Promenade, Houthport.

'N‘r ANTED, COOK-ORNERAL. let Starch ; Church of England ; well reeommenchtd ; three In family.— Apply 118, H•mgirog an. Southport.

WARUM. Young (411N8R4.1, ; small fAmlly ; state w•Req and r.reence..—Applv dro, Lawn!, Braeside, Blackburn No rerrirtre need app!y.

WANTHD, 12th 111Alig1 experienced 010 K; good wsges ; age 25 to UORHICTT W RIGHT, Chesnut Villa. Wil ilOw, Cheshire.

-IPICCBLLEBT SIT—ATIONB for CI elasges of servants, I].l characters requlred.—lliss BoTTOISLEY.t3 REGISTRY, Morley it.. Bradford. }Established 1887.

WANTBD CLION GENERAL And Housemaid-Waitrons ; AOOl referen^es ; wages £2O. 2' B.—Apply to Miss FRoDRIBB. cin Dr. LooPtt, Col no, LAnc,shire

T ACN CREWS WANTBD, nt the Children's Convalescent Li Horne, West Filthy : good washer and plain ironer : wages £lB : abstalner.—Apply to the MATRON.

WANTRDII-7SE HOIT-IRMAID two children ; good, experienced girl only need apploC;'references essentlal,—Mrs. ANDERSON, 89. Rectory rd.. Burnley.

THH WT RFD it 'I3IBTRY CO3fPANT 13nre opened Offices at 16, South King et,. Manckester, for 61A-class Domestic Servants. Companions. Helps, Housekeepers.

Air AIWND smart, tidy, country GIRL as GHNkRaL V SttnVANS sire 16 to 19. Wares El per month.— Apply Mrs. BYLL,Booth's HalLßoothstown,near Manchester.

IV ANTED, several taperior private SERVANTS, Cooks. VS Hetisernsi,s. Generals ; also several oth,rs for Hotels, Schools, ac.- Apply at once, Mrs. Mk's', Hotel Agency, 31 Talbot rd., Blarkpc.ol.

I‘l",....L."4llT"BlaPckr7oLreis si vTeh,Senriciv ir,tt a' .At agt:lnt.cple,d , Blacknool. Wants Servants with references, for Hotels, Boardinrs and Private Houses ; good wages ; enclose stamp. Tele, C 637

Cs AIiDRNBR SHWES f04.-lINGAL4IIS7I,6NT, head working 7 or single-hill-hien ; 17 years thorchigh practical expi ri- need in all branches of garcleping Land and stock if reqrecl ;age 34 vnarried ;good refereoces.—Apply ROBERT% 431 Phillip it.. Roole, Che.ter.

ADY COORS and others, desiring( domestic employment 5,0 (pet moment or temporary) should write for pArtionlars Of THE AEACHEIt•MAIDB' Uttroat, the Secretary, 60 Russell Square. London, W.CL Thus union provides employment and • out-q-work pay • for 1k members.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
fporsrs. BoilY, libr s.4totft kr.

ON SA.LI3 good. sound YOUNG. COB 4 and Ponies.— Apply T. TayLon. 3. Holland st.. Fairfield. Liverpool.

NOIRRAG SUSPRNIMIRS are u. 4 by 53 horses in °on firm.---Send for illustrated circular to G. P. CHILE Duchess rd., Birmfrighain.

12/ OEM croßßed Rn 4 BBIThiNGTON / DOG. iixtra Rood guard and clean in habits. A brain. or offers in exchange.-15 MARICRT ST.. Church, near Accrington.

irjORIES safely cured of Worms by Dewitt's& New Herbal Pemedy ; 6d. per packet. free, by lam,. 7 penny stamps. Directions with each picket ; no trouble. Hones eat It freely. G. THWAITSB. Herbalist, Stoekton-on•Tees.

GRAND frill-bred curly-coated HETRIBVHR D 04. between 2 and 3; will carry anything. No better guard, and no better looking dg anywh -re. 25ins. at shoulder. £4 4e., or would exchange for peligree black Pomeranian. Approval answhere if expenses paid both ways.—PENNING- TON, Lyndon House, Moss rd., Orrell, Wigan.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
SCO be ttt.

PHNKSTH.— GOOD HOUSHi WITH GARDHICS, 3. 9d per we-k, also Cottages 39. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. IVY LOOGI,FP(OIHALL LANS rennaed rent. NHW ROkD, 49. 9d. week. SHOP. 2, g 13.10411. BROW. rent Ts. 64. week. SHOP. 2. 1/01-Atkß'S LA.NR. rent 4s. Rci. week. Appl? ROBERT LoWg, Sstate Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War- rington. Telephone—No 66.

SHOP with dwelling in fieweey-atreet Warrington.—mite Milliner. Dressmaker, Cont ectioner, Barber, &a—Apply SKELLAND, Hews y it.

fro Liir 17, FOLLY LAM:, will be cleaned for good tenotit. —Apply WOoDB & Sox Solicitors, Hor9emarket Street, Warrington.

ITCHISH.-10 LHT, by-windowed Honse 64. Hewsey et 1./ three bedrooms, bathroom.-0. Or.nifirLD, 7, Bewsey at.. Warrington.

TO LHT. good HOUSK In Derby-street, rent 48. 6d. will be cleaned for good tenant.-6,pply WOODS dos, bolieitors, Warrington. . LIP 3000 H OMR, Parker street, rent 355. month 1 clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS Solt, Solicitors, Warrington.

OMOBS to be Let, over Union Bank, Sankey Street, Warrington ; light and airy ; tire places and electric lights In each room.—Apply J. .4 I.IDLoW. estate and buelness agent, th.lon Bank-buildings, Warrington,

Voultrp, egms, et.

DOULTRY COMP.—Bend postal order 2carts. Ba. 6d.— SPRENGEL, JOhttiOn St , Grimsby.

-DUBE Bred Buff Orpington bags, 54. dozen.—Apply NORMAN, Bury Hell, Lower lidmonton, London.

11.4`GGS.—WHITH DUPING lON eggs from pedigree layers ICA (guaranteed ‘ertile),3s• per 4oz. H. DE WINTON, Abbot's Lodge. near Gloucester.

TiR SALB, 2GO-Bgg Incubator (Tomlin's); used' two sea- -11; son. ; tno large for present owner ; price moderate.— DAVENPORT, VVllsatley, ebrewsbury.

LlGGS.—Fineet SILVER-'RNX DORKING'S ; Dorking Li Game, 2s 61. ;lndtaa Game, ss. ; White Legborns, 3e. 6d. rlczen.—lttmon, Frodeslry Rectory. Shrewsbury.

FOWL COIN, 78 6d , 108. 6,1 128. 6. 240158. ; Pig Food, 78. Bd. and Poultry Ideal, 88. and 1)e. per 2001b8, ROCHE AND CO.. 15. Ooree piszzia, Liverpool. Mention paper.

ftuges anb ?Laub on 'alt.

VOR SALB.—Ten-room Villa, god Apartment house near .1: Brialatcn.—PartLulsrs, OWNER, Morin, liassocks Sussex.

IDIGHT Plots 16 x 100 ft. freehold ground, corner position growing disertet ; cheap ; owner going abroad.—T. FLISHiII, 30. Victoria St., t. Anne,.

Z.Zl4ntel)

ANTILD, Black Cat Coupons and stamp, 7d. doz.—ti., V 24, Cranbrook rd.. Chts‘,l"k. W.

VVANTS!). Foreign Stemos for cash, good price given.— WILLIAMS, 34, Weinfeld rd., West haling, W.

A CaNTS Wanted everrwhere.—liatra,rdlnary profits.— CI HORACE SIMP9ON az Co.. Burnbam-on-eroneh.

(\LB Brass, Owner, Pewter Lead. Top prices ; prompt cssI2.—THAMERAY, 3,Totterdowo. Tooting., London,B.W

CIANADA. —Farm parties durlnft March ; situAttons pro- vied; pay own fare; stamp— Mr. IitTM9PY, Shrewibury.

WANTKI,.-01A colour prints, engravings, water-colour irawinge, &c.—BRADLRY, 68 Hanover it.. Liverpool.

iATHD,nice House. with om ind. in healthy ellatrlet. Full particulars...TAMES FLINT. Bradford- on-Avon.

_ TOLISSKINS.—Good sound ',gime Skim!, recent kill. t bought li.eoz. Prime dressed skins, sold 3s. doz.— BAR. Tanner. Chard.

WANTED.—Address, Marion Eunnalls, ot Ntwqmay, Cornwall. Furs,. Reward Box 3299, c/o SEURROW THAD:MEP, Holborn Place. London. UXPERIIINCED CERTIFICATED MONTHLY NURSE 17.4 has vacancies. T-rms moderate. Highest references,- 116, HOC") LANE Fankey, Warrington.

wHY RISMAIN UNBNIPLOYHD ?—You can make good money by selling bousehald article In large demand, either tex.—CYMBAEG Co., Barmontb.

AGRPTS WANTRD for an Investment Company. Spare time. good eommleelon to imitable men.—. Apply 7 to 8 any night at 11, Mtientnt ST.. WltTingtoll.

HOUSES kept In repair, rents collected, 6 per cent on money, collected. Highest references.—C. HOLDEN, 19, Carlton Vale, Malcla Vele, Lond,)n, N.W.

WANTED, Old Artificial Teeth. blirbest price given,offers. If not accepted, goods returned —TAYLOR. MAOUNC- turinz Dentist, 19, High rd., Kilburn. London

NNTLRAINN with Colonial prospects should take practi- l7 cal COnrae in building conatruotion—wood and other erections—tine timbering caugbt.—CommarCrtort Co.. Poole

WANTED second-hand. empty, clean Flour. Sngsr and other Sacks and Mtgs. Stat lowest elan prioeoellverei rails.—T.Wn.trams. 39, Newcastle rd., Wavertree. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

ciANkOKIYS POIFON for Killing hats answers 1...3 well. " After one dressing 1 to lad 136 dead next morn- -131.1614, lielithorpe, Leighton. " I killed KO rats with Sanford's Poison."—O. Coos, Farmer. Ellesmare-road destroyed 145 rats with it."-0 WlLtox. Offord.—hend is 2d. SANFORD A SON, Sandy Bede. Sold by Ch,raists.

Acifstellanous, en oaks, dr.

FVOH BAZAARS.—PopuItr goods. tali-price ; list sent.— VICAR, St. Peter's,St,ockport.

T Hist' VY LBAVICS. Painlessly cures corns, eid.—Box, 21, Derbv it., Burton-on-Trent.

INE SHILLING POSTAL 01101111 br ngs three beautiful %. • Gent's Ties ; post free.—TlE KING, if till.

13130MPV, cheap printing for all trades.—Yirraos PRESS, II 393 t,t. John Street, S.C. Get eitlmktes.

DHOTOGUAPHS from Italy ; oatalogue with samples, 6d. —AUG. FISCHER, Casella 9, Genoa (Italy)

DOPS PIM?: H3CAPHS. 3.; printed instructions.—B Llk. REDDY. 12! S. George's Soul, Leytoa, K.

BH; BUST -.French secret ; Isrge case. secretly packed, 21 6d, P.O.—WIDCO74I3E. Lowlands rd.. Harrow.

QTASIPS lelitiE 1-1.030 9d. ; Chili and Transvaal, obsolete, 1.7 free.—F. VALLANCEY. Rosllston,Burton-on-rrent,

LDERS' Seede.—Grand obllectlo.l. 2s. 6d. for 24 large TL packets. yeti's supply —BE4 Deataa, Stroud.Glos.

GOSS CHINA Cost-of-Arras, dittingbouriae, Kent. le.. le, 6d., 2r, poat free.—D&lf HASTOX, SittingbDurne.

COLLARS.—Exceptional offer; all hapea, 31. half •dozen, post paId.—JFIFFItRY, Collar Steelalist,Nortbamptou.

FtilS4l—Gent's Superior Chrome Calf Boots ; send stamp for parbieulars.-11. CREATLE, Lyddineon.Uppinghans .

CLO rltd, tom 1a to 3s. per N ard. any length. N../ —COSTUME WARsTIOUIE, 81, Greenhill line, Bradford.

GI/MS.-131mm m aterlal free. Send stamped addressed enve!opt.—A. E. H IGG/NP, 33,Pr1ncess st., Manchester

TIMBROCATION. sample three p.nnv stamps Agents wsnted.—ARMaTIONO, 92, Newhurn rd., Tinsley,

28 LBS. Frown Pep-r. 58 ; 3lbs. String, 2s. 8,-1. —KisowLEs, 69, Parrett it . Longsight, Manchester.

FISH, from Sea to Table ; bibs. 28., 10M. 3e. ; carriage paid ; satisfaction guaranteed.—SNELemt, Fleetwood. VOR SAE.% RAILWA.F 0 4.RRIAG.B Upholstering Rugs L' and Bllnds.—Write M0RR1..61. Havelock st..Blnekburn

VASHIONABLB Riding Breeches. several pairs, half price to clear from Us. 6rl.—Tsvrz DURRANg. DrMeld.

pHONOGRA.PFI with three records, Ts.; with six, 98. Bs.firose, Phonograph Importer, Dronfleld, !Sheffield.

LOVtILY BLACK Otaßlol-1 ftliATiflift, Os. 9. post free, usu+l price 12s. 6d.—WiLlcmt. Luton House, St. Ives, Hunts.

0068131:3.—1teal whab.bone, double—busk, drab or fawn aiv.s 19 to 30 ; 3e. 6d. post free —TRUKFITT, 85, Olive rd., Portamouth.

STARTLING BARG AI RS.—New Phonmzrapti and 15 bolt Records. 154.—LLOTD-TA011•11.8 'TALK &MEI; Chatll:loy it., Edmonton, N.

a CARRIAGE PAlD—Mounted Enlargement, SS. 1./D. any photo; 20 ins. by 16 ine.—HATDISN. Tog/lend totreet, Godalming.

AH DVIC FOR PAItEiNTS.—EIe wise and get it at once pamphlet free %Most one atamp.—BonlsP. 49. Comp- ton rd.. Hlghburr, London.

HORTICULTURAL INQUIRILHIS BURISAIL—Queries answered. Write for particulars, Box 19, 32 Grove Avenue, Twickenham, Middlesex.

AriTtQfni Barrel Organ. inlaid case, gils pipes, sft. 8 blgri, 4 stops, turn by handle , 50 tunes. Particulars, T, CLOVELLY. Itastwick. Leatherhead,

10FIONOGRAPH USHILS.—Have your Rrproducer fitted .L with • Cosmos' diaphragm and Sapphire. ls. .id. post free.—C,Amofi, St. llicholaast., Leicester.

AORTYLISbiIi Gas Glerierator, complete with purifier. carbide contamer,and 1 cwt. of carbide,genuine bargain. £8 ICB.—Jzarrixes. Primrose Hill, Rip.ll,tt.

A tirROLOGY. - Your destiny revealed. Money, Marriage LI Coming Ye Bverte,etc. Send birth date, le. P. 0 —MERCIIRY. 30, Darlington et.. Wolverhimpton.

BAZAAR GOOD 3 (Special). sica. and Greatest satiety an value In tbe trActe.—SALmnic Yarnlmmix, Ltd.. Plough Buildings. Gloucester it.. Birmingham.

SPLR N DID Upright PIAISOFORTR, Iron Frame, Cheek Action ; reeently new ; warrant+ transferred ; price 17 gnlness —Apply Sosommousr, Croft, Warrington.

VURNITURE —Enormous saving, direct from manatee- ": torero. every requisite or single artiale —W. and T. EVAMLL & Co.. 202, Bishopsgate it.. B.C. Lists free ACE CURTAINS. new designs from Li. 11d. per pair. I 4 vF bite or Icy u, carrlag., paid, Illustrations free. CHANIREIIs, 34 Chapel Street, Bradford, Yorkshire.

GOLDEN ABCREITS. A selection of american money— making aecrets. No racing or gambling, 7.1. poet free. —A. GREENWOOD, 27. Upper North at., Poplar. B.

A STROLOGY.—mervellous forecasts. Delineations o' eharacter. Numerous testhara.ials. Send birth-date • Amin,' 113, Beaumont st., Beswick, Mancisester.

A LL sportsmen should send for my Double for the Lincoln andl Grand National ; it is sure to win, 4s. 61. or 2s, 6d either event.—G. MCOAWDLESS, 12, Muirhe 8t.., Partick.

rICYPJ.,WRIPING (Remington) copylng desired by experi- enced typist. 9d. 1000 words, free. Accuracy, prompti- tude. Authors' references.—ADAM, Whelhok id. Acton,W

BEAUTIFUL CURLED (very long) White OSTRICH FEATHERS Post free 7s. M., any adirsaa In the world. Worth a gulnes.—M WLL. Dawlish, Dovonshire.

!NG Air INIAGBZL" RAZORS

ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MARE, WARRANTED, POST FREE Zs. 6(1., 2.., 4s. BD., AND ss. On J. O. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALE MEWING DAILY.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 24, 1906.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
libutUaneouo, On g'alt, Or.

UREIC aampl3 of an attrietive Novelty, life-Ilke. —2l Ban- -12 stead at. London, S.E.

HOT BUTTBIIHD litßid.le. 6d. doz.n, tree.—BarTEßshy, Louglawn, Collinston, W. Meath.

BB your own master; trifling capital. no riak,instructions, 2s. 61—P. LONG, Hinghazn, Borfolk.

(ANS SHILLING Foetal Order bring' three betutiful k_l Gent:s Ties, post tree.—TlE KING, Hull.

0110IMIST BM:10N, 441 b. Ideß 70. lb ; molted Bd. lb. caeb, carriage paid.—lizuGGN rakrigg.

MaY Wines Laundry Polish ; tnac vel result ; send 11. 3d. ; 1 agents wanted.-8, ALBRRT IT., Aldershot.

IVIABNIALESDB CUTTUR FOILBIRB. Wita. .tist BEawitot, Buttermarket it., Warrtngtoa.

DOSTCAILDS.—TweIie new 2d.lglossy Actresses, post tree, IS.—PUBLISHING Co., tilenfield, Leicester,

Mltilititittt.d (0010[1[0.1)1u pandent, L. sd. --WlLEiux. 4 btation rd., Fisebury Park, London, N.

L 4 BKaUTIMULLY coloured unused Foseigii Pastcaras.post V free, 7d.—Bmst.d., 44, Kingsley it., Battersea.

100 IiII.I.IIhADS. Carus or Memo is. 6d., samples iree.—}CYLEY. Printer Wimborne. Dorset.

SRND 7 STAMPS for Appleby'e Eczem Salve. cured Eczema 30 years standiug.—kimrows, Dundee.

BLACK SBIiGB coats and vest, 9e,, lid. worth Its. Send chest measure —PooLE, 10 Burghley rd., Bristol.

14 iLMS. Developrd, Printed, Hnlarged. liwit.work only.— SI4APBHuT Co., Holmrook, Cum, eriand.

VOX IMMIDIATIS SALK, Di induction or shucking coils, 4s. 91. eacn.—H. McKErszta. Medway et., Chatham.

UNCYCLOP/RDIA dRIITANICA, bound half morocoo,r or 124eale. --Particulars from BERTRAND DEAL,Kolvedoo,lbses.

DAIS lY V IVHS delight is shining linen. They use Holding'. Tablet, 4d. ORANKSHA.7:'d LTD., ACClringtoll.

AMAY tifflßT:, splendid valuF, 2s. 60. ; 2 for 45. 10d. Military hocks. 3 pairs 21. 9,1. post iree.—j. ii. Mout & FioNe, West, Lavingtoo, Wilts.

HAND-PAINTED BROOCH and Lace Pin, rolled-gold mounts, ls. 6d. the 2, usual price 2sr—BusgratEr, 71, Tasman rd., btoollwell, Loudou.

A STUOLOGY.—Character, Finauce, Marriage; two years ti future addsrl. Bend birth-date, Is. 2 0 —Prof. GOULD. 27. Windsor rd., BeWport (MOO.)

DOEITCAHM-A3TRIISSRS. coloure.l sjd.;giousy, 84d. doz, ; songs, 8i doz. ; postage 'I.—CAMERON, P.O. Buildings. Appleton+Wiske, B.A.

HOW to win at racing reliable information—DO rubbish ; letters or telegrams. ben .address.—Lrca, 36, Cramp- ton st., Newington Butts, London.

VALUABLB Recipes for raw or boiled Star ela ; also gocd V Marking Ink. Pull Instructions on receipt F.O. 11.— BAYLEY, Laundress, Burnham, Bum

PIA NO, £B. B.l.—Good seoond-hand Plano ; guaranteed ten years; tuned free 12 months. -J. B. WOOD. Friars-gate and Old London rd.. Stockton Heath.

pBIIIROSII9, double white, mauve, sulphur, ls. 6d. doz. ; yellow boss In hose polyanthus. 28. doz. ; mysotis. le doz.—n/11Pu. Youugrove, Bllddleton.k Cork. DIANETTB, full octave, Bord. Paris ; heavy walnut frame; forfeited pledge ; price £ll.—F. J. WALTER, Pawnbroker, 194, London re., Liverpool.

A RERRIOAN ORGAN. rolid walnut frame, in good order ; tA, genuine forfeit ; price V 174. 6d.—P. J. WALTER. Pawnbroker, 194, London rd.. Liveroool.

MASSIVE Walnut Sideboard, wide; best bevelled plate; nearly new; 156.—r. J. WALTER, Pawnbroker, 19i, London rd., Liverpool.

J AMR% A Wonderful Off er.-300 bliek cashmere Dress _LI lengths, 6 yards each. 10i. 6d.. carriage paid ; send to-day,—BENximr, The Drapery, Northampton.

eIA.RPRTS.—Bord ared tapestry, handsome design, 3 yards NJ by aft. Fringed Aambo•ter rug to match. 295. 6d , bargain.-49. OANABVIIG Elegant's Park, London,

QUOTOH Tvi,BRDo anci Hosiery. Nutting., Llostumes, Underweor at mill prices. Write for free patterns.— HAwicx TWEICD ScitioencßY Co., Dovernount, Howie's.

G'VE*/ AWAY FRBB.—A secret to fatten and improve horses In 14 days; with my invaluable Veterinary Recipe Book, Is. ld.—J. BIRD, Wisbech. (Mention this paper).

PICTI3RIA POSTCARDS. • CI _RAND QUALITY, sample 15 (Actresses Al.) 6d. stamps. jr Full list free—BELL & Co., 83, Harcourt Avenue, Manor Park, London. H.

wx4JTf BUTTFI PAPBB 12s. 6d. per cwt. Grease Proof, aes. ; Cheese Paper, 10s. Cao Paper f torn 6d. ; sweet Bags, loz. Cups. 6fd. 1,000. LoNoWORTH'S, Oak It Thomas et.. Al/inches pr.

a•I BNUINki old establiabed plumbing business near London lJ for disposal, same hands twenty-five years.—Apply Bow 3275 e/., SHARROW & THATCHER, London, W.U.

ON BAIA A PUBLIO Sake 7 MILL also a good all-round Firewood Trade in the suburbs of Blackpool. Good reasons for leaving. —Address 79, HIGH Sr., H:ttekplol.

Ij IGH-OLASS CONFIiOTIONKRY 13UINtiSS ; main _I. thoroughfare ; splendidly fitted ; no reasonable offer refused ; rent 63.; leaviug dlslrlct:l67, HIGH er..Stslybridge.

bbarts

agyitultural probuct, 3cr.

SBLECTIM Seed Potatoes.—For special price lists write J. 'DIENS AND SONS, LTD., Wlebecti.

FLOWBRING CLIMBIOR ; White Convolvulous, 12 roots post free 16.-51taw, Race House,Bolsteritone,Sheillel4.

4,0111 D POTATOHS, best sorts best namples Rvery ou.tomer satlefisd. Send for lig .-" 8110, %LANDS," Relvedon.

Q BED POPATOEN for riALIC,Ste John Llewlyn's and Royal J Kt 'nays ; nlso large hog of MangOlds.—Apply. CLARKE , Upton Rocks. Widnes.

POTELTORS.-112 ibe. 4y.. evergoods. grand Cookers baggy free, receipt P.O or carriage paid 5;. 3d ; seed size same price.—BßEFZie. Grower, Wiebech.

SAINT PATRICK'S nay.—Real Shirnroek in boxes, at 61, Is. Is. 601., 2s.' and 2e. 61., post free.—Address Mrs WALL. S k toney Par. Dundalk. County Louth, Ireland,

661U1 ATRIMONIA.L POST,' sealed envelope, 64., with circular 94. established over a quarter of a century.— Et4loll. ROOMS 9.4%, Trafalgar Buildings. London. W.O.

Twig IVY LIIAP, certain corn cure, P.O. 7icl. each.— SLoCoOles, Heaton Chapel, Stockport.

CYOAO cures chilblains and chapped bands. Try It Seven penny stamps or P.O. 6d.—JamcsoN. 29, lon rd , Thornton Heath.

lINALTH BA, Nature's remedy for compislnts of Llver, Stornsoh and Kidney, 11. lid a packet; :agents wanted; —owArwelthyd-ddu. enrnarvon.

TNIMGIIS'IIO2I, Flatulenc., Biliousnees,— Absolutely cured. Send Is. Id. and particulars of your 04110, to A. ROMON, 12 Prinsep road Hove, Sussex.

ECZRHA.—Sure, safe. effe3tual cure with herbs. Recipe free with list of beros and remedies. Postcard will do. —TRwatTF.A. herbalist. Sto3l(ton-on-Tees.

A CURB FOR TILINDGESS.—Many marvellous cures nt.. after 3,6, 7. 15 19, an 32 years' blindness; particulars free to all eye sufferers.—LEGGETT, him, Menet'.

T I.IMBAGO, LUMBAGO, OUBBD.—Why suffer earl] .1-1 pains T Send 2s. P. to J. MUNE, 235, Chester rd., Rulme. Manehest.r. Sufficient Cr tyro veers sent. -•-•

FOR RHEUMATISM and GOUT, try Bunlllsw's Health Ten ; sure cure. Write to-clay for tree sample—Address HIICISLAW.B HEALTH T. 93, Grainger st , Darlington.

1,) o.—Sure cure, BAD LISGS. Boils, Poisoned Wounds, I 3 Skin Complaints. Analyst's guarantee, ls. Itd.—BENE- DICTINE OINTMENT 470.. 51 Angles Road StreatharD, S.W.

CZBMA.—A certain cure for this awful disease, waste F., no More time, but send immediately (stating ease) eololosing Is. Id. to W. DoLmstrr.lBs College Green. Bristol.

MO MORli CORNS BRSTON'zi CORN' DRSTROYEIR 111 affords immediate relletand quio'rly destroys the corn. is. lid. poet free.—BENTON .t CO., 13, Pelhemrd., Cowes.

PRHVHNTS COUGHS CHILLS AND ATTBNDANT ILLS.

TOWL'S CLILORODYNE TOWLE'S CHLORODINE r OWLIVS CHLOROD YNE soo rims COMFORTS RELIEVHS AND CURES,

===== 0002601_19060224_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• •t• ' • , . ,

===== 0002601_19060224_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
MAILCARTS, BASSINETTES,

ctinTnixivs THIOiCLES, DOLL OARRIAG3S. GENUINE CLEARANCE SALE AT rr IHE ENTEEPRISE. 22. BERRY_STREET, (top of Bold-street). LIVERPOOL Cart iages Exchanged and Repaired. or Made to Order. All Work Done on the Premiaes.

ArAILOART, handsome Halll, oonvertible, olnoh-pAinted, .IT_L spider wheels, brass fittings, Quite new ; sell cheap • oust 6 gu.neas„--22, BEEllq ST.. Lop Bold at., Liverpool.

ATAILOART, sezondh4nd, painted dark ctne ; splendid LVI condition, lbs. ; another navy. 255. ; worth £2 ; taaen In exchange ; both strap epringe.-22, BERET ST., Liverpool.

:4.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
&ale hp littion,

TO BB SOI.D BY AUCTION. BY MR. ROBERT LOWE, At the Blue Bell Inn, Horsemarket et.. Warrington, on Wednesday next, the ath day of February, 1976, at six o'clock in the afternoon prompt. subject to the conditions of sale to be then produced. LOT 1 --All those two Freehold kletsuages or DWELLING- HOUSI49,I being Nos. 5 and 7. Cawdor 13to3kton Heath, in the respective occupations of Messrs. hilus4on and Mottram as weekly tenants. Gross annual rentals £36 Si. Apportioned yearly chief rent £3 lls.

Lor 2.—A1l that semi-detached DWELLING HOUSE, being No. 30, Whitefleld rd., Stockton Heath is the occupa- tion of Dr. Prentice as quarterly tenant, contsinlng two god entertaining rooms, (oar bPdrooms, bath, water closet, Tensare leaselowel for 999 vs re from May 191 (less 21 days), subject along with adjoining pre nises to a yearly ground rent of £l2 10s . but with the benefit of rents of £ll issuing out Of the said adjoining premise 1. leaving toe ground rent of El 10s. payable on this lot.

The above pr-mises are in first-rate condition and are centrally situate I, and afford very desirable investments. Lor 3.—A1l that Seml-Detached DtVIit,LING-HOUJR. No, 22, Froghall-lane, Warrington, in the occupation of James Armstrong as tenant thereof. Tenure teacebol t for 999 years from 1842. apportioned ground rent £2 55. 6d. The house contains entrance hall, two entertaining rams, kitchen, cellar, and three bedrooms with side and back entrances. A bathroom or additiorlal bedroom may be easily added by building second st.orey over the kitchen. For further particulars as to Lot 6 apply to o.H.UrtswOrth, peg., solicitor, Lyme-,street. Warrington ; as to Lot 1. to R. Dobson, Usq, tolicitor, Warrington ; or to J. Randall, Reg , accountant. 1, St, Jamer-square. Mauchetter ; and as to all the lots to the Auctioneer, tank-street, Warringto ~ or to AR.CHUR J. WILLHTT, Solicitor, Lyme-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

FEBRUARY 24th 1906.

The discussion that is pro- "SLAVERY WITH ceeding on the Address to

A TIME-LIMIT." the Throne has so far been rather dull, but really use- ful. It has brought out some more of thitruth about Chinese labour in Sauth Africa, and it has particularly servlr to display the attitude of certain ot the Conservative survivors of the late Parliament on that question. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN began it. We must do him the justice to say that he has never liked the importation of Chinese labour into the principal of our new South African Colonies. He perceived from the first that it would be bad electioneering business, and, to Mr. CHAMBERLAIN, what is not good electioneering is _ not politics. " The leader of the leader of the Tory party," as Sir HENRY CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN calls him, has temporised, has failed to condemn where he felt that condemnation would have been the best and the most proper course, has, in fact, stood by his friends ; but he has never taken any share of responsibility for the enormous and almost criminal mistake made by his successor, Mr. BuitnErr-Courrs. The gentleman with the very large number of introdactory initials, is a Con- servative member of quite another type. He believes that whatever is done by the Randlords is 'right. If they want Chinese Labour they ouaht to have it. If they do not get it they will not be able to earn a living wage. Why, to have kept the Chinese from the Rand would actually have placed the Kaffirs in a position/to demand higher wages! There is a sort of erratic manliness in putting the case in this simple downright fashion. The view of the rnineowners is stated in its crudest form. The underlying assumption is that the Randlords must have cheap servile labour though the heavens fall. • Our own moral responsibility for reinstituting slavery under the British flag is not a matter to be considered. That is not the real question, says Mr. BURDETT-COUTTS. The real question is whether the Kaffirs are to be per- mitted to dictate terms. The conclusion to which we are led by such speeches as this is that there is no more horror of Slavery in the Conservative party than there is horror of Protection. The par, tv is in fact, unregenerate. What undoubtedly is horrible is to be found out—to be opposed by a Government and a party which places the real facts of the case before the country at large. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN, who has had his own car- toonists at work for these many months past, complains grievously of certain cartoons. The MARQUIS OF SALISBURY, in the other House, tears a passion to tatters in denouncing the Government for something with which it had nothing to do,' and in striving to make it appear that there has been wholesale falsification of history in regard to this Chinese question. Lord SALISBURY appeared ,to be in earnest, in which case he must have failed to make himself familiar with matters with which as a member of the late Government he ought to have been intim- ' ately acquainted. We have always contended that the conditions under which the Chinese are now working in the Rand are the conditions of slavery, and we shall certainly not withdraw that opinion in consequence of such melodramatic exhibitions as that made by the Manoms of SALISBURY. That the Chinese are well sheltered, well fed, well

guarded, is entirely beside the question. The momentous fact is that they are not free men.

" Slavery with a " was the description applied by Major SEELY to the system which has been instituted in the Transvaal. Those who desire to be precise may adopt this rigid and excellent definitiqn. But the condition of the coolies on the Rand is slavery all the same,and will continue to be slavery until the time-limit expires and they are sent home again.

In a sense the Chief Con- THE CHIEF CONSTABLE stable, Mr. Luke Talbot, " ON TRIAL." has been " on trial "this ‘veek. Quite a sensation was caused in the town on Wednesday when it became known that, in the course of the hearing at Liverpool ASSiZ9S of the concealment of birth charge against Warrington women, Mr. Justice Grantham passed some severe strictures or. the Chief Constable for what he considered a faulty preparation of the case. The reports which sub- sequently appeared in the evening papers made it appear that Mr. Tslbot had indeed been guilty of a grave dereliction of duty, but within twenty- four hours the chief of the Warrington police force was completely vindicated not only in the minds of his townsmen, but by Mr. Justice Grantham himself in the Court wherein the condemnation was uttered. We need not, we think, detail the circumstances which led up to the incident —they are sufficiently intelligible in our report of the trial—but we are very pleased to be able to congratulate Mr. Talbot on emerging with such credit from a decidedly awkward contretemps. The Chief Constable has, during his eleven years' official life in Warrington, earned a valuable reputation for thoroughness, capacity and tact in all his dealings either with the judiciary or the poor people who so frequently make his acquaintance in undesirable circum- stanCes, and we are sure that the townspeople will share the gratification we feel that this " drama of misunderstandings " has had such a happy finale.

The Ray. J. F. Matthews RELIGIOUS on Wednesday evening Iwsrancriorr. made a very valuable con- tribution to the vexed controversy regarding religious instruction in the elementary schools of the country, and the mem- niers of the Young Free Churchmen's Auxiliary at any rate must feel that their convictions stand on a sounder basis as a result of the reverend gentleman's dispassionate and lucid exposition of the Nonconformist attitude. But the views Mr. Matthews expounded will appeal with equal force to a far larger community, and not only that, they will engage the serious atten- tion of educationists of other and all shades of theological belief. The question is one which demands the _widest and closest consideration, for the Government will very shortly have to define the exact nature of the instruction, secular or religious, which must be given in the schools. There is a demand for almost as many varieties of instruction as there are religi- ous sects, and the situation is complicated by the uncompromising attitude of bodies like the Roman Catholics who insist on the teaching of their particular beliefs during schools hours. We had thought at one time, that a basis of nude- nominationsl or Bible teaching such as would enable the child to distinguish between right and wrong might be agreed upon, but now that "node- nominationalism "is classed as a sectarian dogma, this solution of the difficulty appears hopeless. We are inclined to agree with Mr. Matthews that the only possible scheme is to secularise the schools entirely and leave religious teaching to the religious bodies to undertake in their own time. The work is unquestionably their's, and a proper realization of the fact might perhaps result in the quickening of spiritual effort which is so loudly called for in present-day Christianity. We shall be very pleased to open our columns to any elaboration or controversion of Mr. Matthews' arguments which our readers would like to indulge in.

The tale of broken noses STOCKTON HEATH and ripped umbrellas con- AND ITS TREES. tinues. Stockton Heath residents are finding a con- siderable difficulty in combining beauty and utility. They are agreed that the tree-planting will some day bear good fruit—not of the market- able variety—but they are also becoming pain- fully aware of the fact that many of the trees are a nuisance. In its excessive te3thetic zeal the Tree Planting Committee planted trees with a lavish hand, and the Parochial Committee is in conse- quence much exercised in mind as to the number it is called upon to move in order to make reason- able roOin on the footpaths for pedestrians. The matter gave rise to another lengthy discus- sion at the Runcorn Rural Council meeting on Tuesday, but the argument was almost wholly a personal one between Messrs. Whitley and Hallows two gentlemen who were never known to agree with one another upon anything except to differ. Nevertheless, Mr. Whitley made it clear that the tree-planting had been somewhat overdone for the convenience and safety of those inhabitants who move about the district after nightfall, and the Council agreed with him to a considerable extent. In the future, the Surveyor will keep a closer eye on the estim- able doings of tree-planters. At the close of the discussion the Council administered a weighty reproof to a member of the Parochial Committee who had,in the fervour of his eloquence, forgotten the vast, rmy immeasurable, inferiority of a parochial committee to a rural council. We hope, he will, in future, speak in tones of whispering humbleness, and remember that Stockton Heath is not generally regarded as the "hub of the universe. "

There is much that is inter- STATE OF CRIME ()sting in the eleventh _

IN THE Bonouan. annual report of the Chief Constable (Mr. Luke Talbot) which has just been issued. The record of the state of crime in the borough atiords evidence of a welcome improvement. While the number of indictable offences committed— 97—is exactly the ' same as last year, the non-indictable offences show a decrease of 49, the total number (including apprehensions and summonses) being 1,172. Of these 1,025 were convicted as compared with 1,056 last year. With regard to the indictable crimes 81 persons were convicted summarily and 6 were com- mitted for trial, the corresponding figures for last year being 84 and 1 respectively. Mr. Talbot's report gives us some insight into the manifold duties which the police are now called upon to undertake, and it is gratifying to know that the general conduct of the force has given entire satis- faction. No fewer than 13 men have served in the force over twenty years. Another fact which is worthy of note is that the gross cost of the Police in 1905 has amounted to £6,626 16s. 4,1. as com- pared with £6,686 2s. sd. in the preceding year—a slight decrease. Dealing with the various departments of police work, Mr. Talbot points out that 127 children have been licented for street trad- ing during the past twelve months and four licences were revoked for the persistent misconduct of the holders. On the whole, he considers, the Statute and bye-laws relating to this matter have had a beneficial effect, especially as they more widely empower the police to investigate and deal with parental neglect or misconduct. The "men in blue " have rendered valuable service in watching temporarily unoccupied houses and it should be noted that this c xtra attention is willingly granted. The efficiency of the force has been highly com- mented upon by the Government Inspector and another pleasing feature is the very flourishing state of the superannuation fund.

The Education Committee THE COST OF had practically no alterna- E DUCATION. tiVe but to sanction the

estimates submitted to them at the meeting on Monday. To the greater part of the increased expenditure the members had previdnsly committed themselves and the demands of the Board of Education had made another considerable outlay imperative. All that could be done, therefore, was to express pious

'hopes that doe economy would he observed in the future and to commit the ratepavers to an education rate of 13.3 d. for the . ensiling year. Of course, the 2d. advance is msinly accounted for by the increases of teachers' salaries in accordance with the scale approved by the Com- mittee and the Town Council. With the paslince of the Education Act a great demand for teachers was created, and the market value rose aCcordingly. As compared with other towns Warrington's scale is stated to be not unduly high, and it ia certain that the expenditure under this head will continue to grow for some years. This is poor consolation to the long-snff-wing ratepayer, hut it is the inevit- able result of the altered conditions of education. The provision of new schools to meet the Board of Education's requirements has also saddled the town with considerable expanse. It is open to question whether the out- lay under this head is being kept within reasonable limits. When it has been stated by so high an authority as the Chairman of the Society of Architects in Manchester that snitable scho-As can be hillt at a cost of from £7 104. to £lO per head in that district, it is somewhat sur- prising that Warrington's latest school as at present designed would involve an expenditure of £l5 17s. per head. The Mayor, however, points out that economies can be effected by dispensing with certain elaborations, and while these will oolv reduce the estimate to a cornoarativv)ly slight extent, we hope the committee will in future undertakings of the kind succeed in obtainingi utility and AfEnieney at i lower figure. Tf t s possibl? in Manchester or Salford it shonld not be Impossible in Warrington.

I

I

Mr. Arthur Nurse, barometer and thermometer Mr. R. B. Kershaw, silver serviette rings Dr. and Mrs. Burton, liqour bottles and glasses Mr. C. H. Burton, oak table Mr. and Mrs. R. Lean, silver jewel box Miss Staveley, silver serviette ring Mr. and Mrs. Marmble, worked linen cases Miss Simpson, netted tea cloth Airs. Williamson, clock in silver case Miss Barwick, chiffon scarf Miss Morden Grey, book Miss Hasseler, worked chair back Miss Garraway, flower vase Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Gair, silver muffineer Mr. W. Bottomley, silver-rnourrted claret jug Miss A. Lord, enamel pencil Mrs. Nall, silver hat brush Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Frost, oak fern tub and stand Mrs. Black, worked photograph frame Mr. and Mrs. Spurgin, silver bread fork Mr. and Mrs. Long, large copper plaque Miss Mass; Venetian glass vase Mr. and Mrs. Ockleston, old brass candlesticks Dr. and Mrs. Shears, silver card tray Mr. Eustace Carey, silver bread basket Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Carey, silver butter dishes Miss I. M. House, silver bowl Mr. V. C. Driflleld, clock Mrs. and Mr. A. B. Leather, silver teaspoons Mrs. Hutchings, silk embroidered box Miss Hutchings, leather card case Mr. and Mrs. Burgess, ivory and silver paper knife Mrs. Saul, afternoon tea cloth Mr. and Mrs. H. P. Mortimer Chippendale chair Mrs. and Miss Butler, silver teaspoons Mr. R. G. Hetherington, silver flower vases Mrs. Philip Fletcher, silver scent bottle Mrs. Birks, paste and tortoiseshell comb Miss It. Birks, " Lieder Ohne Worte " Colonel, Mr. and Mrs. Ridgway, old Sheffield plate snuffers and tray Mrs. and Miss Harrison, string and label box Mr. and Mrs. Clapham, silver and coalport coffee service The Rev. S. L. 011ard, books Mr. and Mrs. Donald Macpherson, Crown Derby pot pourri, jar and vases Mr. and Mrs. Vere Davies, painted leather stool Mrs. Hartley, chiffon scarf 1 Mr. and Mrs. Palmer, silver table bell Captain J. K. Cooke, silver bonbon dishes Miss Bateson. gold pencil Mr. Edward Sachs, china coffee cups and tray Mr. H. Hind, tantalus Mrs. Randell Evans, silver muffin dish Mrs. Alcock, Mr. E. D. Alcock and Mr. P. D. Slater, Worcester vases Mr. and Mrs. Blogg, silver bntter dish Mr. and Mrs. Elampson, silver and glass inkstand Mrs. Henry Jevons, book Mr. and Mrs. Hardeman, silver inkpot Mr. and Mrs. Geoffrey New, silver bonbon dish Mrs. Dick, two enamel butterfly brooches Mr. James Alcock, photograph frame Mr. E. Dackinfield Jones, water-colour drawing Miss E. Wright, Mauntmellick work Miss Knockner, fancy work Mrs. Ormerod, ostrich feather boa Mr. and Mrs. Earwaker, old mahogany tea caddy Mrs. H. C. Heath, silver and cut glass scent bottle Airs. 011ard, leather bag Miss Turney, silver photograph frame Mr. and Mrs. Stuart Brading, flower and bonbon dishes. Mrs. Pierce, postcard case Mrs. 0. G. Smith, photograph of Oaghtrington Choir Mr. Stet fox, travelling clock in leather case Miss Walker, old china plate and mugs Mr. and Mrs. Hawke, silver and mother of pearl paper knife Mr. and Mrs. Forsyth, old salt box Mr. and Mrs. James Gould, silver salts Nurse Eley, afternoon tea cloth Miss Nixon, afternoon tea cloth Mr. and Mrs. Whitlow, old brass candlesticks Mrs. I. H. Evans, painted table centre Mr. and Mrs. Hayes, carved mahogany hand mirror Miss M. L. Warburton, white lamp shade Mr. Mrs. and Miss Whitelegg, copper flower pot and stand Mrs. Lea and family, silver flower vases Miss L. Owen, d'oyleys and china dish Miss M. Owen, scent and smelling salts Mrs. W. Sumner, flower vases Mr. and Mrs. E. Hollingworth, silver flower pot Mr. and Mrs. Dalton, copper flower pots Mrs. Henry Mairs, china vases The Misses Proffitt, two silver photograph frames Miss Edith Ardern, netted d'oyley Mr. and Mrs. Daniels, glass and silver rose bowl Mrs. A. D. Moffat, silver and tortoiseshell knife Miss A. Astall, embroidered cushion Mrs. Shakeshaft, silver and glass sugar basin Miss Jones, silver-mounted match stands Mr. and Mrs. ingharn, hot water jug. 'rho" Higher-lane lothers," dinner gong Wildersmoor maids, M. Blake, and M. Arnold, silver serviette rings A. Lightfoot, biscuit laos Mr. and Mrs. Abbott (gardener at Wildersmoor),silver salts

Mr. and Mrs. Lawson (gardener at Wildersmoor), silver salts

Mr. and Mrs. Lord (gardener at Wilderstnoor) copper flower pot Chief Engineer's office U.A. Company, Widnes, smoking cabinet Menservants at Brindale, silver egg stand Master C. Dwyer, carved box

Allen—Rogers. A wedding which aroused considerable local interest was solemnized at St. Panl's Church on Tuesday, the contracting parties being Nfr. Thos. Bertram Allen, of Sheffield, and formerly of Warrington. and Miss Bessie Rose Rogers, eldest daughter of Mr. Wm. Rogers, pro- prietor of the Feathers Hotel, Bridge-street, and a former member of the Town Council. A large congre- gation assembled to witness the ceremony, the officiat- ing clergy being the R3V. E. R. Tarbnck, vicar of St. George's, Altrincharn, and the Rev. W. Bracecamp, vicar of St. Paul's. The bride, who was given. away by her father was charmingly attired in a beaver-coloured cloth coat and skirt, and ivory silk blouse, trimmed with Brussels lace, and wore a cream hat, ornamented with pink roses and forget-me-nots. She carried a bouquet of spray pink carnations. Her bridesmaid was her sister, Miss Edith Pendry Rogers, who wore a beaver-coloured costume of chi &In corduroy , and a heliotrope hat, and carried a bouquet of spray pink carnations. Mr. J. W. Jhnes, of Liverpool, a cousin of the bride discharged the duties of best man. The wedding breakfast was served at the King's Cafe, in Bridge-street, among others present being, in addition to the bride and bridegroom, and Mr. and Mrs. Rogers (the father and mother of the bride), the Rev. Canon and Mrs. Willis, the Rev. E. H. and Mrs. Tarbnck, the Rev. W. and Mrs. Bracecarnp,Nfr. J. W.Jones. Miss Fenton (Bux- ton), Mrs. Hill (Grassendale), Mr. R. Allen and Miss Allen (brother and sister of the bridegroom), Messrs. Alfred, Harry and George Rogers (brothers of the bride), end the Misses Edith P. Rogers and Hilda Rogers (sisters). The newly-married couple left by train for London, where the honeymoon is being spent. Over a hundred presents were received, and these included from the bride to the bridegroom a gold scarf ring, and from the bridegroom to the bride a diamond ring.

Gandy—Whittle. The marriage was solemnized at St. Wilfrid's Church, Grappenhall, on Tuesday morning, of Misq Ethel Lyon Whittle, eldest daughter of Mr. J. Lyon Whittle, town clerk of Warrington, and Mr. Harry Gandy, eldest son of Mr. John Gandy, Church-street, Warrington. The wedding was a very quiet one, only the members of the respective families being present. The Rev. T. W. Thrher, curate-in-charge of St. Clement's Mission, officiated.

THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON.

WEEK ENDING 18TIT FEBRUARY 190 G. Correspond- ing weak 1905.

Birth Legitimate „ Illegitimate Deaths

Total Male Female Male Female 33 21 12 22 23 4 1 3 28 20 S

9 9

Excess of births over deaths :-9. The ages of mortality were :—Under I—S ; 1 to 2- 5; 5 to 15-1 ; 15 .to 25-0; 25 to 65-10; G 5 and up- -4 •, total-28. Death rate, 2PO. Corresponding week 1905, 13'5. Birth rate, 27.8. „ „ 33.5. The deaths included :-2 from whooping cough, 2 from diarrhcea, 4 from phthisis' 3 from other tubercular diseases, 7 from lung diseases, 10 from all other causes. The following cases of infoctions disease have been reported during the week :—Smallpox 0 ; scarlet fever 0; diphtheria 0 ; memb croup 1 ; typhus fever 0; tuberculous phthisis 2 ; enteric fever 0 ; relapsing fever 0 ; puerperal fever 0 ; erysipelas I; chickenpox 3. Weather return; mean temperature, 38 Fah. and there- fore 12 deg. lower than the proceeding week. Maximum Itemperature, 45 Fah. on the 7tir inst.,minimum tempera- ture, 31 Fah. on the sth inst. Rainfall PO5 inch. General direction of wind W.W. J. G. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

CRAWFORD'S

"IMAYFAI R"

A NEW BISCUIT FOR AFTERNOON TEA.

BISCUITS.

-

;

===== 0002601_19060224_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
. . ....... . . .., . ~.;::,...,.-........,.•:;:.....1,..,::,.'..,...-F'4.1,,..-x.':.,,,...k.:., .'...',.'.....::::6?..'.1::',.'-i... ~.,"4.-','....:ti.t".:;01,.; . ~....:.;:;:,4

===== 0002601_19060224_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Mr. 13alfour has already taken to wearing an orchid in his button-hole. It is reported also that ho is assiduously cultivating al, eye-glass. Writing on the subject of actresses as peeresses. Lard Rosslyn remarks: "We are growing democrats by degrees ; but the stage can supply as good wives as society can bad ones."* * * Councillor Pemberton says there will be a loss of £3,000 on the waterworks undertaking for the current year, when the accounts are made up. What has the Chairman of the Water Committee to say? * * * News must he getting scarce when the "Daily Dispatch " publishes such a paragraph as the follow- ing : "Ambitious hare's fate : Attempting to cross the road in front of a motor car a bare was killed near Market Harborough." * * Mr. T. May is much troubled at the thought that a waste of gas takes place in the schools of the town. We suggest that he should turn his attention first of all to the Education Committee, whose meeting on. • Monday lasted until nearly nine o'clock! * * * , "Old Tories are greatly shocked, nnd young Tories are amazed; at the programme of Liberal legislation. The astonishment and dismay of many of the assembled Peers at the terms of the King's Speech is said,to have been almost tragic." —" Standard." • * John Brunner, M.P., has promised 1.1 to each in Winnington, Northwich, cencerning whose ,At'es in the proper care of children a satisfactory viP.(72.rt is made at the end if twelve months by a slung nurse in his employ.* On the total number of his definite statements on tile subject of Free Trade and Protection being renght up to the figure l by his letter to Mr. Chamberlain on February 14. Mr. Balfour was pre- sented by the Birmingham Chamber of Commerce With a new silver-plated golf caddie.--te Punch.* * * * The Beautiful Warrington Society by placing baskets about the town, into which the publie are earnestly *quested to throw their orange peel, "fags," waste Paper, odd chips, &c., is no doubt doing good work. but why not extend it? A spittoon every hundred Yards and a bunch of handkerchiefs (of the Japanese kind) at every street corner would be just as useful and as likely to he used! They are certainly wanted! * * * Is it not possible for the same Society to bring its miluerine te bear on the authorities who are respon- for the hideous condition of the surface of "nankeY-street? On a pouring wet day it is hardlyl possible to cross the street without stepping ankle-deep Into a hole full of water. It reminds One of the com- plaint made by one of our Ambassadors at Pekin. He said " The condition of the roads at Pekin is simply, awful; a few mornings ago a couple of donkeys were drountql in a puddle just opposite the Legation. ' Mr. J. Upson, the teachers' representative on the Education Committee, has been waxing " sarkastic " at the suggestion that teachers have not sufficient to do and might therefore undertake such undignified duties as winding clockslie told the" astonished members that it might as well be ordered that schoohnasters should occupy any further spare tionelpy wiping the children's noses and blacking the hoots of the august education- ists who constitute the local committee.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Coming Events The third and concluding subscription concert for the season by the Warrington Musical Society, will be given in the Parr hail on Tuesday next. An excel- lent programme has been arranged, and will consist of miscellaneous items, including Stanfords " The Revenge," Brahm's Rhapsodie, for alto solo, male- voice chorus and orchestra, Tad) aikowsky's " Casse Noisette " Suite, Max Bruch's Violin Concerto in G Minor, part-songs, etc. Full particulars as to prices &c., will be found on page 1. A concert will be given in the Hall Can, Assembly Room, Stockton Heath, on Tuesday, in aid of the Poor Children's Summer Camp. Apart from the excellence of the object of the entertainment the programme is such as should complete its financial success. The programme at the popular penny concert at Bold-street to-night (Saturday) will be submitted by Miss Cruikshank, Miss M. Gandy:, Mr. Hughes, Mr. W. Howard and Hanley's Concertina Band. Personal. We regret to state that the Town Clerk (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle) is still very unwell. He has been granted leave of absence by the Mayor. Notice. Owing to the great pressure on our space this week we have been obliged to omit several items of local news, including the report of the Chamber of Com- merce annual meeting. J, R. WOOD, Piano Dealer and Tuner,Friara Gate, and 47, Old London-road., Stockton Heath.—Advt. Free Trade League.

*,ttee of the War-

The following is the text of the Free Trade resoln- tion which is to be moved from the Government tenches : That this House, recognizing that in the recent general election the people of the United Kingdom have demonstrated their unqualified fidelity to the Principle and practice of Free Trade, deems it right to record its determination to resist any proposals, ,hether by way of taxation upon foreign corn, or y the erection of a general tariff upon foreign goods, to create in this country a system of pro- tection.

* * The fighting spirit is still with us and following Upon flan Parliamentary election and a municipal struggle we are now to 'have a contest for the elective- auditorship on Thursday next. The retiring auditors are Messrs. Bolton andilradshaw, but there is a third candidate in the field in the person of Mr. E. England, who has had considerable experience in financial work and the auditing of public and private accounts. A. feature of Mr. England's proposals, is that he guarantees ifelected to hold an annual public meeting at'which he will give an account of his stewardship, explain the public funds, and generally answer ques- tions relating to the income and expenditure of the Borough. This idea has been followed with success in other towns—in Liverpool for instance—where Mr: Morrissey has been in the habit of taking the rate- payers into his confidence. * * *

After his arduous exertions during the election cam- paign in Warrington, Mr. A. H. Crosfield M.P., spent a brief holiday at Cannes. A paragraph in the "World" from a Cannes correspondent makes the following interesting reference to the Member for Warrington : "A new form of amusement has been inaugurated—namely, automobile runs to Thorenc, above Grasse, where, at the height of four thousand feet, adventurous " trippers "may enioy a couple of hours' skating and " skiing," returning to Cannes (if they don't get snowed op half-way!) in time for L linner. Mr. A. H. Crosfield organised a party for 1 horenc a few days ago,which in eluded Countess Torby rand Duchess Vladimir, Mrs. 'Pennant, and Mr. Page. very pleasant run of about three hours brought the to the Htitel des Alpes, where they had tea, and Ards enjoyed an hour's skating.spinning merrily over frozen roads by nightfall." * * * %Marconi tells a weird story in connection` with --. of wireless telegraphy. There is a station Clear, the utmost point of land to the west- of the British Isles. Here are received final nles fi,„, ages despatched by ships outward bound, and the ,;:it hail of vessels that have crossed the Atlantic 6,'sering east. To this lonely station them comes Ilfilortly after the stroke of midnight a mysterious sage, untranslatable, incomprehensible. But thZaYs at a certain point, varying night by night, te is delivered one word that is ever the 'ITe. It is recognisable only by the unvarying sign. belongs to no language known to this planet. For (` ° Years the mysterious communications have never , i4ssecl arriving invariably between midnight and the of one in the morning. Mr. Marconi's explana- . ,"rst of the phenomenon is as striking as is the incident Itself. He believes it is Mars endeavouring to corn- Ishould 11111,11icate with its sister planet. Why the message ,_exclusively reach this particular spot on earth, pa", Mars wants to say, and wherefore the unrequited -thrum of nightly repeating the communication 'oligh two years, are matters to be guessed at. That Mysterious message arrives at the time and in -tier indicated is a fact for which Mr. Marconi

A meeting of th_e executive c0mmu.....„ __ _ and Ornamental Articles.—J. , rington Free Trade League was held on Tuesday Bridge st.,Warrington.—Advt. evening at Gregory' Cafe, when it was resolved that the League be kept in a position to continue its work, Golden Wedding. and that members be called together immediately the It was fifty years on February 18th since Mr. and necessity arises for its active operations. and Mrs. Isaac Hough we married, and to celebrate PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST their golden wedding they held a family gathering at Boars nr Lommattax.—Advt. their home on Saturday. There were present three children and thirteen grandchildren and their partners, Illness of fir. J Howes. and one great grand-child, as well as a few friends. Our readers will regret to hear that Mr. Joseph A+r tea the evening was spent in games, c'tc' , and the Howes is at present confined to the house owing to holt amused the company by donning some of illness,after the extremely arduous Parliamentary fight his wedding clothing and reciting verses in Warrington. Mr. Howes went to assist Mr. henry entitled" The Worn-out Wedding Ring." Mr. and Mrs. M.P., to victory in the Wellington Division, and also Hough, who were the recipients of presents and actively supported the candidature of Mr. Neilson. hearty congratulations, have been members of the The excessive strain of the campaigns, however,proved Society at Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Chapel since its too great for him and his health gave wa'y and he as commencement, and Mr. Hough has been chapel since been confined to the house. He is, we are steward for many years. pleased to report, progresaing favourably, and hopes UNDER amal Gums for Good Boors.—Advt. shortly to again visit Warrington. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S EIGH-CLA.Ss MINERAL ... II .J 1 Straw's Victory. • WATIRS.—AdVt. A notable victory on the running tasack has been Junior Liberal Association, achieved by C. J. Straw of Winwick, who on Saturday The weekly meetiri.g of the above association was carried off premier honours in the Northern Counties' held in Gregory's CaP3, Battermarket-street, on Mon- senior cross-country race at , Hayclock. For three day evening, Mr. E. Osborne presiding over a good years in succession Straw won the junior champion- attendance. It was "Review Night " and three ship and on Saturday was surprisingly in advance of papers were read by Messrs. Rathbone, Adams and the other runners in the senior event. He covered 1 Wooley upon articles contained in recent reviews, the tea mile course in 01 minutes 7 seconds and —On the motion of Mr. Burtt, seconded by Mr. Lister, arrived home one quarter of a mile in advance of his a 'vote of thanks was passed to the essayists. The club-mate Welding. On March 3rd Straw will run, in meeting which was arranged to be held at the Liberal the national individual championship and is confident Club to-night (Friday) to welcome and hear an address iof victory. Though he has to meet some of the finest from Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., has bel.a postponed as runners in the country the great probability is that Mr. Crosfield's Parliamentary dutiessivill prevent his he will wrest the honours from the Southern holder. attendance. All Warrington sportsmen will wish him luck. PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST Potroleum Oil in barrels and drums delivered BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. free.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, bridge St., Warring- Warrington Ambulance Association—Nursing , ton.—Advt. Division. 1 The Brabazon Employment Scheme. A very enjoyable evening was spent by the mere- 1 The Brabazon scheme which provides pleasant hers of the above and their friends, at the Winmar- light employment for aged and infirm Workhouse leigh Cafe, last Friday. About sixty ladies and gentle- ; inmates is doing a very commendable work. A sale men were present, amongst whom were Dr. Adams, lof goods made by the inmates was held on behalf of Surgeon-Instructor of the division, and Miss Adams, the scheme at Grappenhall Hall on Thursday by kind Dancing commenced shortly after eight and continued j permission of Mrs. Frost and proved a gratifying until twelve ; whilst arrangements had been made for , success. Mr. A. H. Crosfied M.P., had promised to those who preferred whist. Songs were rendered \at open the sale but he wired regretting that intervals by Mr. W. Whittle, Mr. W. Moores, and Mr. political duties prevented his attendance—Miss D. Gittens, and were highly appreciated. Mr. T. Broadbent, the energetic secretary of the scheme, Taylor proved a very efficient pianist and accompanist said Mr. Crosfiela was very much interested and Superintendent Baldry and Sergeant H. Holloway in the Society's work, and they were very sorry he very capably performed their duties as 11.0's. The I could not attend. Mrs. Cfosfield and Miss Crosfield catering of ihe Willm'arleigh Cafe Co., was all that would, however, he present. —A letter was also read could be desired. , from Mr. J. Billinge, chairman of the Board of Iron Fencing of every description. Lowest 1 Guardians, who is representing the Board at prices.-3. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge at., ; the Poor Law Confeience.--Miss Broadbett pre- Warrington.—Advt. , sented an intetesting report on the work of the Society. Holy Trinity Tea Party. : The chief drain on the society's resources was the ' help it gave to people when they left the hospital, so that the might have a chance of making a fresh start The annual congregational tea party in connection in lif and avoid' corn' ing' on the rates again. The with Holy Trinity Church was held on Tuesday even- ing, and proved in every way a success. About 250 balance , to £BO Os. 71d., which included £23 5 721 d., the 'pro- ofat down to an excellent repast served in the schools, members ' ceeds of last year's sale and £.34 4s.realized by the sale the tables being presided over by 'of articles made by the inmates. There was a balance the congregation. Afterwards the party. Thand o s. 2 .—The sale was opened by Mrs. adjourned to the Gymnasium, where an ad . f£G 7 0d .—The was cordially thanked on the proposition of mirable entertainment was submitted. The chair Mr. . R. r rshaw, seconded by Mr. G. Mather.—The was occupied by the vicar(tho Rev. E. C. E. Carleton) Feeeds amounted to £53. who expressed his thanks to all who had assisted during the evening; to those who had given trays and sub- scrip • lions to the Sunday school fund ; to the col- he Baptist Union. lectors; to those who ha contributed to the excellent 1 On Thursday afternoon and evening the winter programme • and especially the committee which had meetings in connection with the above were held at been presided over by Mrs. Adams They were also Golborne-street Baptist Church. At the business exceedingly grateful to the Gymnasium Committee for meeting of the Committee a telegram was despatched him " God Speed" on the occasian of his recognition , the use of the room. (Applause.) The first part of to the Rev. J. C. Elder, late of Acton Bridge, wishing the programme was of a miscellaneous character. It opened with a song by Messrs. Amos, Westcott, services which were being held that day at Oswestry. lAukland ajid Wright (members of the choir),for which The Rev. A. Hera of , Little Legh gave an they were heartily applauded. They also contributed address on "phases of Open Air work" of which he had another song equally well later in the evening. Mr. some experience both in London and Glasgow. The Rev. Westcott and Miss Toft received encores for their J. S.Hughes and others then followed up the subject.— songs, while the Rev. J. M. Price met with a hearty , At six o'clock an excellent tea was partaken of in the , reception for his recitation. Mr. W. Moores and Miss schoolroom the tables being presided over by Mesdames I G. Adams contributed to the enjgment of the evening Dunnico, Clatworthy, Jones, Buckby and Fernley. with humorous songs while Mr. bi. M. Ashton created In the evening there was a meeting in the Church much laughter with a couple of recitations. The presided over by the Pastor the Rev.H. Dunnico in the Misses Tunstall gave a fancy dance exceedingly well, i absence of the President. After a few opening remarks and Mr. Randall also pleased the audience with a from the chairman, the following speaker e : Mr. j. R. violin solo. The company had also the opportunity of Slater, of Liverpool, the moderator of the Lancashire hearing a Japanese fiddle, played by Mr. Williams. 1 and Cheshire Baptist Association, Mr. W. Drewett, The second part of the programme was full of humour 'of Latchford, and the Rev. H. V. Thomas, of Eccles, consisting of a play and a comedietta.The first which then gave excellent and inspiring addresses, which was entitled "A Pair of Fools" was given by Mr. H. were much appreciated by the audience. During the Moseley and Miss Pierpointwho were the recipients of evening Miss Griffitts rendered two solos in very well-merited applause at the close. " The New ' good style, Mr. A. Trow presiding at the organ. It Servant" was also given in a creditable manner by is proposed to hold the next meeting at Lymm in May. Miss Beesley and Miss A. Partington. Oil Stoves, Coke Stoves, Lamps, &c.—J S. LADIES' BEST GLACE Boars AN'D SHOES, UNDER GARLAND, 51, to 55, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt.

GAALAND, 51 to 55,

, • -t fee, hem.' s (if they h til'flrenc a few Duchess I pleasant rt. +o the Htttel dc rds enjoyed an I. over frozen roads !Toni tells a weird sth of wireless telegraphy. Clear' the utmost point of . 1,11,„„ of the British Isles. Here al 'agel despatched by ships outward b. 8t hail of vessels that have crossed th etieg east. To this lonely. station thel Itiartly after the stroke of midnight a mys. aiessage, untranslatable, incomprehensible. th`l'aYs at a certain point, varying night by nigh Fla"e is delivered one word that Is ever the /l!). It is recognisable only by the unvarying sign. u. tOwuelengs to no langna.ge known to this planet. For wit. rill.° Years the mysterious communications have never much zit 'seed arriving invariably between midnight and the Misses til°lresef one in the morning. Mr. Marconi's explana- and Mr. of the phenomenon is as striking as is the incident violin solo. ;,_seift He believes it is Mars endeavouring to corn- hearing a JaPat llonicate with its sister planet. Why the message The second part h exclusively reach this particular spot on earth, consisting of a play 13w bat Mars wants to.say, and wherefore the unrequited was entitled" A Pair , „ of nightly repeating the communication Moseley and Miss Pierpo. "'llgh two years, are matters to be guessed at. That well-merited applause al 'nysterions message arrives at the time and in Servant " was also given in h er indicated is a fact for which Mr. Marconi Miss Beesley and Miss A. Parti. LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AN. TIIE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Sir , /Letter , v.ugrezia

The Examinet, Saturday', Velvtiary 24, 1906.

While sympathising with the desire of the Educa- • General Election Expenses. tion Committee to bring the Technical Institute classes The scheduled expenses incurred in Warrington by to the highest possible state of efficiency we much the two candidates at the recent general election have question the wisdom of the step they have just seen been returned. Those of Mr. Crosfield amount to fit to take. In future no student will be permitted to £787 N. 11c1, while Mr. Robert Pierpoint's total take a single subject at the Institute except with the £765 16s. Bd. permission of tha headmaster and the director and the ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS IVILINRAL fee for one subject will be 7s. 6d. as against 59. WATERS.—Advt. charged at the present time. As only the same fee is Order of Ancient Shepherds. to be charged for a complete course, the object of the committee is evident. Many students, however, are The annual report for the year 1905 of the Warring- unable to give the time necessary to take the full The District for the above order, has been issued for course of instruction and therefore have to select thecirculation amongst its members and contains the one subject which will be of most value to them in income and expenditure of the various funds belong- their respective callings. That they should be obliged accounts of the Lodges forming such district. We to obtain special permission and pay a larger fee hope to publish detailed particulars next week. savours very much of a species of educational "conscription." Death of Mr. H. A. Waring. We announce with deep regret the death from enteric fever, which took place on Tuesday, at Vellore, India, of Mr. H. A. Waring, son of Captain Waring, of Latchford. The deceased gentlemen had spent many years in India, where he was principal of the Police Training School at Vellore. He came over to England only last autumn to be married, and sailed for India with his wife at the end of October. Galvanized Beefing Sheets, Roofing Felts, &c. Large stock.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 65, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt. " Beautiful Warrington." The work of this society is malting progress and on Monday a meeting was held in the National Schools, Church-street, for the purpose of forming a com- mittee to further the movement in Howley Ward. The chair was occupied by Alderman Bennett. A committee consisting of 15 members was appointed, and they will elect officers for the ward.— committee for Whitecross Ward was formed on Wednesday night at a meeting held in the dining room at Messrs. Cros- fields' Works. Elective Auditors' Election. The polling for elective auditors for the Borough will, take place at the Gymnasium on Thursday next Three candidates are in the field, the two retiring auditors, Mr. Laurence Bolton and Mr. Edwin Brad- shaw, both seeking re-election. In, addition, Mr. Ebenezer England seeks the support of the electors, and an interesting fight is promised. Mr Bolton is proposed by Mr. A. Browne, and seconded by the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton. Mr. Bradshaw is proposed by Mr. Wm. Owen, and seconded by Mr. J. Rymer Young, while Mr. England is proposed by the Rev. J. F. Matthews, and seconded by Mr. Wm. Hickman. Lecture by Mr. W. Madden We have pleasure in drawing attention to the announcement of the lecture in Parr Hall on Thursday next, on " Daniel O'Connell, and what he did for Civil and Religious Liberty," Ey Mr. W. Madden. We feel assured that a discourse upon the work of this, perhaps the greatest of Irishmen, will, from such a source, be more than interesting. Mr. Madden, like many of his distinguished countrymen, is gifted with rare oratorical powers, and should be eminently quali- fied to handle his subject with an eloquence that is none too common nowadays. The chair will be occu- pied by Mr. A. H. Crosfield, the member for the Borough, and the lecture will be interspersed with limelight vices. Appropriate music and songs will be given by several well-known artistes Up-to-date Fire Places.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt. Latchford Wesleyan Church. The congregational tea meeting in connection with the above church took place on Thursday evening. A good number sat down to the tea' after which, songs, etc., were given by the Misses 1k Carriage, E. Barnes, L. Evans, and F. Lester, whose efforts won much applause. Miss Moston, of Lymm delighted all with her recitations, and Master McCollam caused much fun with his humorous songs. There was also a quaitette and a trio by a male voice party. The choir very creditably rendered two glees. Miss Hartley was the accompanist and the Rev. Wm. Mellor presided. Mr. John Wright, Sunday school secretary, in reading the report, said they were in very urgent need of a new Sunday school, the present accommodation being inadequate and as a consequence their work was handicapped. The Rev. William Mellor, Mr. John Ditchfield (superintendent), and Mr. J Maile also spoke,urging the cause of the new Sunday school. WEDDING PRESENTS.—Large selection of Useful - S.

* Old-age pensions were discussed in a very practical and symathetic manner in Parliament on Tuesday, the subject being introduced by Mr. G. W. Barnes, M.P., and supported by Mr. W. H. Lever, M.P.—an interest- ing and significant unity of action between Capital and Labour on a question which closely affects both. " H.W.M." in the " Daily News" says :—" Mr. IV. H. Lever, one of the largest employers of labour in the country endorsed Mr. Barnes' argument in a speech which not only approved its end, but endorsed its method—a graduated income tax. With simple warmth of language Mr. Lever declared that be was willing to pay the price of a pension scheme; in any case he besought the Government to try a smaller plan if they could not at once compass the largest possible scheme. The speech, quite unambitious in forrn,made a deep impression, as utterances from the heart are wont to do in the rather synical air of Westminster. Mr. Lever's face struck one as remarkable. It is rather American in type, firm set, clean-shaven, high- coloured, a good forehead, crowned with a rather tumbled mass of hair, altogether a distinct, interesting type."

===== 0002601_19060224_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN DROWNING MYSTERY.

William Byfleld, captain of the Runcorn Grappling Corps. on Sunday recovered the body of a man having the appearance of a navvy, and about fifty years of age, from the Weaver Canal at Weston. On &tturday night the workman in charge of the Marsh Lock in the Ship Canal heard a splash and cries for help, but could find nothing, The deceased had told people in Western Point that he had been at one time employed in the making of the Ship Canal. Both his arms are tatooed.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
FEARED BIG LOSS TO RUNCORN.

A correspondent states that the Castner-Kellner Alkali Company, Ltd., have decided to remove their works from Runcorn to the Tyne.—The step is being taken after very careful consideration, the chief reason being the excellent supply of electricity to be obtained ata low cost on Tyneside. The site secured is at Walls- end, in close proximity to a large power station. Already the United Alkali Company have works on the Tyne. Registered in 1895, with an authorised capital of £450,000, the company occupies extensive premises, and should the statement prove true that the directors have resolved to remove to Tyneside the loss to Runcorn will be n very serious one. Sir William Mather, M.P., is the chairman of the directors.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
FALSE PRETENCES AT WIDNES.

At Widnes, on Monday, Patrick Burn, alias Thomas Kelly, 13, Kempston-street, Liverpool, was charged with obtaining money by false pretences from the Collins Green Colliery.—Prisoner pleaded guilty to writing a letter.—From the evidence it transpired that Burns wrote a letter to Mr. Southern at the colliery, representing himself to be a foreman at Messrs. Gossage's works, Widnes, and asking him for money because ne had praised their coal to his master, which would mean a continuance of the order. Mr. Southern telephoned to his Widnes agent, and found out that no such man as Burns worked there. When the prisoner went to the Post Office for an answer to his letter he was atrested. In answer to the charge, he concocted some story about another man working in conjunction with him, which he could not substantiate.—The Bench characterised the case as a very bad one, and they sent the prisoner to gaol for two months.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

At Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, before Sir Richard Brooke Mary Savage, 10, Leinster-street, was charged with I:flying been drunk and disorderly on the 21st ult. P.C. Wynne said the defendant was drunk and rowing with her son and daughter in the street. He took her home. A fine of ss. was imposed.—Thomas William Eccles was tined Is. for a similar °thence. P.C. Cameron proved the case.—Agnes Langley was charged with having stolen a pair of trousers from the shop of Mr. S. Dodd,pawnbroker,Princess-street. The evidence was that the trousers were missed and after a search were found in a bundle which a Mrs. Kavanagh had pledged for defendant.—Defendant said the trousers were returned in mistake to her by the shop assistant and as she was short of money she cut off the private mark, sewed a piece in and sent them for pledge. She said her brother was in at the time she brought the bundle containing the trousers from the shop. Once before she got a waistcoat in the same way and imme- diately returned it. The case was adjourned so that the brother might be called.

WIDNES SLANDER ACTION.—MINISTER v. • P IJBLICAN. Harvey v. Caldwell.—ln this action at the Nisi Prins Court, Liverpool, on Saturday, before Mr. Justice Bray Alexander Harvey, Baptist minister, of Widnes, sought to recover damages for slander against Paul Caldwell, of the same town. The defendant denied that the words used bore the construction alleged, and he also denied that the words were defamatory, and there was also an allegation that the statements were true. Mr. Taylor, K.C., and Mr. G. C. Rees were counsel for the plaintiff, and Mr. Rigby Swift represented the defendant* Mr. Taylor, IT.C., in opening for the plaintiff, said the plaintiff was a strong and determined opponent of the brewing interest, and had been a teetotaler from an early age. On November 15th the Rev. Alexander Harvey, speaking on behalf of the candidature of Mr. Robert Brierley, said he stronly resented the trade which Mr. Caldwell represented. In the words of the newspaper report, "As a lifelong teetotaler he did not think it was in the interests of any town that its affairs should be in the hands of the liquor traffic." On the following night there was a meeting of Mr. Cald- well's supporters in the same building. Mr. Caldwell spoke and remarked, "At the previous night's meeting a gentleman had said he was a lifelong teetotaller. The speaker was in a position to say that it was not the case, as he had personally served him. He did not mind what men said against him, but he liked every man to stand up and be truthful." That was a charge of untruthful- ness and hypocrisy. His Lordship : There is not a word of reference, so far as I can see, to his character as a minister. No special damage is claimed. Mr. Taylor : No special damages. His Lordship : Well, these litte election plea- santries— Mr. Taylor ' • This goes much beyond that. This can- not be treated as a light matter. Continuing, he said that when his attention was called by the officers of his Churchlto the report of the 'alleged slander, Mr. Harvey wrote to the defendant asking him for a with- drawal or an assurance that the statement was not intended to apply to him. The reply, through the defendant's solicitors, was to the effect that Mr. Cald- well was sorry that the remark he had made use of had annoyed the plaintiff. The remark was true, and was simply made as a reply to the plaintiff's boast that he was a lifelong teetotaler. Defendant had no illwill in any way against the plaintiff. The Judge again intervened with the remark that there was no reference to the plaintiff's character as a minister. How could the statement affect him unless special damages were claimed? Mr. Taylor : It might affect him with his Church, and he might be dismissed. The Judge : They have no right to dismiss him for anything of the sort. A ,Juryman : Hear, hear. His Lordship said he must:hear the evidence, and Mr. Swift said he would reserve his cross-examination. , The plaintiff then gave evidence. He said that he ' lived formerly in St. Helens and Wigan, and had been minister of the Widnes Church since September, 1900.1 He had always been a teetotaler--he had never tasted. He had never taken any wine, beer, or spirits—not even as medicine. There was no truth in the statement that the defendant had served him witha glass of something. On the following Sunday the matter was generally talked about in the Church,and two of the deacons told him that they would expect him to vindicate his Oar- ' acter. The Church and not the deacons had the power of dismissal. John D. Walker, deacon of the Church, said that no church meeting had been held to consider the matter, because they had always believed him to he what he professed to be. His Lordship : And you still believe it ?—Certainly. ' Mr. Taylor said he could not carry the case further. His Lordship again remarked on the absence of evi- dence to show the words complained of referred to the plaintiff in his character as a minister, and after a brief argument with Mr. Taylor on the point instructed the jury to return a verdict for the defendant in the ground that there was no evidence in support of the plaintiff's case. Judgment for the defendant was then entered.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

EARLESTOWN MAN'S BANKRUPTCY.

ACTION AGAINST A. WARRINGTON SOLICITOR. At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before Judge Bowen Rowlands, K.C., an action was commenced arising out of the bankruptcy of John Peplow, late licensee of the Ram's Head, Earlestown. The claim for £353 2s. 4d. was brought by the Official Receiver (Mr. J. Grant Gibson) against Mr. H. J. Longton, solicitor, of Earlestown and Warrington. Mr. Gordon Hewart, barrister, Manchester, appeared for the plaintiffs,and Mr. Cuthbert Smith, barrister, Liverpool, for the defendant. It was alleged that plaintiff received and paid the stun with notice of an act of bankruptcy ; that the payment was void and contrary to the law of bankruptcy • and, alternatively, that it was without the authority Of the bankrupt. There was an alternative claim agaillzt Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, add Co., it. Helens, for £251 3s. on similar lines and also that it was a prefer- ence.—The hearing was adjourned. NEWTON CONSERVATIVES AND THEIR

===== 0002601_19060224_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
DEFEAT.

At a meeting of the Newton Division Conservative Association on Saturday, at Newton-le-Willows, Lord Newton Presiding, Colonel It. Pilkington, after thank- ing his workers, stated that in spite of his defeat, the encouragement and sympathy he had received made the election the most memorable event in his life, and if again invited to contest the division he would, given health and strength, do so (loud applause).—Lord Newton, replying to a vote of thanks, pointed out that , Colonel Pilkington polled several hundred more votes than any of his predecessors, and he could not conceive a more thoroughly satisfactory candidate. The electors had, however, in a misguided moment, chosen their present representative in preference to Colonel Pilking- I ton. He declined to believe that the recent course of events represented a permanent expression of opinion. There were two clear reasons for the Conservatives losing the seat at Newton arid elsewhere. The first was that the late Government had been in office ten years— a period enough to unseat almost anybody. He had never concealed his opinion that there should have been an election long ago, but the results of the last election would convince future Governments of the folly of remaining in office after having ceased to possess the confidence of the country. The second reason was that to a great extent organised Labour had gone over to the otherside.

:4

' •

ml

MUME

===== 0002601_19060224_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

LOCAL WEDDINGS. BrafaE STEALING AT ST. HELENS. FASHIONABLE MARRIAGE AT LYMM. A man 09.ing the name of George Denton was sentenced to six months' imprisonment at St. Helens -- on Saturday for stealing a bicycle belonging to Conn- Gaskell —Ridgway. cillor William Forshaw. The evidence was that Mr. Forshaw left his bicycle in Ilardshaw-street on the afternoon of Monday. the sth, and it was taken and an There was an exceedingly pretty wedding at St. old one left in its place. Subsequently the prisoner Peter's Church, Ougbtrington, Lymm, on Wednesday, was arrested in Liverpool, and he was identified as when Miss E. Mary Ridgway, eldest daughter of Mr. having offered the old bicycle in pledge at three pawn- T. J. Ridgway, Wildersmoor, Lymm, was married to shops at St. Helens. Mr. Holbrook Gaskell son of Mr. Holbrook Gaskell,

RAILWAY TEMPERANCE UNION. of Erindale, Frodsham, and grandson of Mr. Holbrook There was a large gathering of railway men at the Gaskell, Woolton Wood, Woolton, Liverpool. The Parish Church schools, St. Helens, on Tuesday night, bride is very well known and highly esteemed in the when the first general meeting of the L. and N.-W. Lymne:districeand'a largeland fashionable congregation Temperance Union was held. Mr. S. H. Hunt, superin- tendent 6Garston), presided, and there were present the f assembled to witness the ceremony. „ 0 The service was u y choral, and included the hymns , Father all Rev. C. .B. Bardsiey (vicar of St. Helens), Messrs. W. f Hunt, R. Whistlecroft, J. Middlehurst, J. Bonney, &c. creating," " 0 perfect love" and" Lead us, heavenly Interesting addresses were delivered, and, in addition Father, lead us. The hp-11w" 0 perfect love " was to the ordivary business, an excellent programme was ! sung to a special tune composed by Mr. 0. submitted. G. Smith, Mug. Bac., the organist at St. Peter's, ST. HELENS CYCLISTS' CLUB'S RECORD. who presided at the organ and played appropriate The St. Helens Cyclist's Club held its thirtieth annual selections. The officiating clergy were the Rev. E. dinner on Tuesday night, at the Royal Raven Hotel. !P. Wethered, Rector of Ou,ghtrington, and the Rev. J Mr. W. J. Ashton presided over the gathering, which i Edwardes-Evans, headmaster of Lymm Grammar included the Mayor (Councillor H. Martin), and elle School. The bride, who was given away by her John G. Waldron (chairman of the Liverpool centre' father, was charmingiy attired in a gown of Nitas IN.C.O.)—The Mayor said he knew something of the , silk, trimmed with 1* app ique and wreaths of white good work done by the club. They had been exceed- flowers. The skirt was made with a Watteau train, ingly fortunate in having a president like Mr. Ashton, , who had been elected to the position of president thirty- and the folded bodice was cut low to show a handsome one times ; and Mr. H. Broadhead had been treasurer diamond pendant, the gift of the bridegroom. Her during twenty years. He understood that there were bouquet was composed of choice orchids and lilies of only two older clubs in the country, but he was not sure the valley and she wore a dimeond bracelet, the gift whether those two were really clubs in the active sense, of her father. The bridesmaids in attendance were lone being the Pickwick Club in London, and the other Miss G. Winifred Ridgway, sister of the bride; Miss the Edinburgh Amateurs. The St. Helens Club had I Dorothy Gaskell, sister of the biidegroom ; Miss something like 150 members. The musical programme Catherine Tinker, Miss Edith Grundy (cousin of the was submitted by Messrs. It. Brown (Liverpool), W. Dennett, W. Cotton. R. Forber, and J. Eilison.—Among bridegroom), and also two little children—Miss Peggy the guests was Mr. E. Pickavance (Warrington). Evans, daughter of the Rey. J. Edwardes-Evens, and BOOKMAKERS HEAVILY FINED. Miss Cathleen Gaskell, sister of the bridegroom. They A series of sixteen charges of street betting, which were becomingly attired in white Crepe de chine had been adjourned from July 14th last, were heard at dresses with high taffeta belts, and wore white taffeta St. Helens on Monday. The defendants were Albin hats with a touch of gold braid. They carried lovely Bond, of Kiln-lane, against whom there were four bouquets of scarlet carnations and their ornaments charges ; Gilbert Bond, 102, Higher Parr-street, two were gold pearl brooches, the gifts of the bridegroom. charges ; Thomas Howard, Kiln-lane, four charges ; The duties of best man were discharged by Mr. T. E. John Banks, 10, Ada-street, four charges ; and Thomas Milligan Grundy, cousin of the bridegroom. While the Middleton, of Park-ioad. two charges. The first four defendants pleaded guilty, The magistrates imposed register was being signed in the vestry, the organist fines of £5 in every case with special costs. Albin Bond played the" Bridal March " from " Lohengrin ' and ! was fined £22 12s, Gilbert Bond £l2 10s. Thomas the bridal party left the church to the strains of Howard £22 125., and John Banks £22 12s. Two charges Mendelssohn's Wedding March." Outside a large against Thomas Middleton, sem, of Park-road, of fre- number of the inhabitants of the district had assembled quenting Parlane-street on July 4 and 6, were then gone and confetti was showered upon the newly-married into. Mr. Kelly defending Middleton, who denied the offence. Witnesses were called, and swore that on the couple. The reception was held at Wildersmoor and Thursday on which Middleton was charged he went to was attended by 150 guests. Later in the day Mr. and Liverpool by trnin.—The magistrates, after retiring, Mrs. Holbrook Gaskell left for Cornwall where the fined him £5 in each case, with costs amounting to a honeymoon is being spent. The bride's travelling , total of £ll lls, dress was of electric blue crepe de chine with long NATIONAL SERVICE LEAGUE. white coat and cream hat trimmed with roses. A smoking concert was given on Tuesday night at the LIST OF PRESENTS. Engineer Hall, St. Helens. to the sergeants of the lo cal Bridegroom to bride, diamond pendant Volunteers and Yeomanry, under the auspices of the Bride to bridegroom, fitted dressing case National Service League. —Colonel Murray, command- Father of the bride, diamond bracelet ing officer of the 2nd Lancashire Royal Engineers Mother of bride, household linen, pearl ani turquoise (Volunteers) presided. pendant, opera glasses, dictionaries, and " Mrs. Beeton" Colonel Pilkington seid he was present at the first Father of bridegroom, canteen of table silver meeting of the league some years ago. Its progress Mother of bridegroom, Crown Darby tea service and had been slow, but the movement was creeping on silver crumb scoop steadily. The reason of its being founded was the Miss G. W. Messrs. T. and I. A. Ridgway, old grand- terrible experience of the South African war. England father clock with a population of over 40,000,000 was pitted against Mr. Holbrook Gaskell, Wootton, cheerio two small republics with a total population half that of Mrs. Ridgway, Ashfleld, diamond and turquoise ring Manchester. This enemy kept our great army of 200,000 Bib le and table linen at bay for over two years. The reason for this, he con- Mr.'lsawbarn, cheque tended, was that these people were all trained in the Mrs. Dawbarn, cheque and carving cloths use of arms, while our great nation was practically Mrs. Parker and Miss Ridgway, silver cake basket unprepared. The president (Lord Roberts) had strongly Mrs. Parker, worked afternoon tea cloth advocated 'is policy: of compulsory military service. Miss Rideway, dressing-table mats It had been said in Parliament that it was impossible Mr. and Mrs. le R. Dawbarn, silver mustard-pot for an enemy to invade us. He condemned that state- Mr. and Mrs. Miles F. Burrows, cheque ment and said that it was easier now than ever it had Mr. and Mrs. R. A. Dawbarn, silver candlesticks been for this thing to happen, but such a thing would Mr. C. Dawbarn, mother of pearl fan be absolntely impossible if we had a system by which Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Pollard, old Staffordshire tea set every man would be taught to shoot straight. Several Miss E. Dawbarn, worked afternoon tea cloth and speakers moved resolutions in support of the League and d'oyleys put forward propositions. It was suggested that the Miss AL F. Gaskell, Gilbert and Sullivan's Operas principles of thelLeague should be instilled into boys at Miss D. Gaskell, Crown Derby coffee service school. A sergeants' committee was formed to further Misses A. C. and K. R. Gasket], coffee machine the objects of the League. Master W. R. Gaskell, five flower vases EXTRAORDINARY ACCIDENT AT ST. HELENS Colonel and Mrs. J. B. Gaskell, cheque A shocking accident which happened on Friday after- Mr. and Mrs. F. Gaskell, silver tea service noon last at Messrs. Pilkington's Plate Glass Works, Miss Gaskell, silver lamp Miss L. Gaskell, silver dessert knives and forks end Cowley Hill, St. Helens, was investigated at St. Helens Town Hall on Monday by Mr. Brighouse. The man fruit spoons killed was Lance Thompson, aged 26 years foreman Mr. and Mrs. Shipman, silver dessert dishes loader, of Robins-lane. The accident happened when Mr. Shipman, brooch large crate of glass was being lifted by a crane. The Misses M. and J. Shipman, worked tray cloth piece of wood into which one of the chain hooks was Miss Shipman, silver breakfast dish fastened was pulled off, and the crate fell on Thompson Mr. R. Gaskell, fish slice and fork Miss 1.1. AL, Messrs. R. AL, W. R. and C. H. Gaskell, and killed him on the spot. Another man was also injured.—Mr. E. W. Swift appeared for the relatives, nest of tables. mahogany and Mr. E. Peace for Messrs. Pilkington Bros. Master L. Gaskell, pipe in case Mr. Beard, factor inspector, also attended.— Dr. W. H. Gaskell and family, silver dessert dishes : Harry Thompson, brother, gave evidence of identifica- Mr. T. E. Milligan Grundy, picture, " Youth," artist tion. Deceased had been at Pilkington's twelve months Proof, H. Napier ' but had experience as a loader with the Great Central Misses Grundy and Mr. Grundy, silver entree dishes Railway Company.—Mr. Judeon, head of the timber Misses Grundyand Mr. Grundy, silver fitted dressing- department, said be examined the crate after the ease accident, and found that it was a new one, and the Mr. and Mrs. Falls Reynolds, four silver toast racks piece of wood that broke was a perfectly good piece. Misses W. N. and J. Gaskell, silver fern pots It was in fact exceptionally good.—The foreman of the Mrs. Tinker, amethyst and pearl pendant jury and the jurymen, who had visited the works, dig- Miss and Mr. H. W. C. Tinker, signet ring cussed the question of the kind of wood used with the Mr. and Mrs. Thomas, case of cutlery witness.—The Coroner said the piece that had Miss Eddes and Madame Brichta, silver art bowl broken off looked to him to be soft and easily broken.— Messrs. R. A., W. F. and M. K. Burrows, old Chip- Mr. Judson said it was red Baltic deal, and fully equal Pendale table to the work it had to do. They made between 700 and Miss King. old Chippendele mirror 800 and sometimes 1,000 cases a week and no accident Mr. and Mrs. C. W. King,breekfast dish, stand & lamp of this kind had happened before. His knowledge of Mr. and Mrs. .1. S. Hoyle, old empire tea set the works went back nearly eighteen years, and he had Mrs. Dwyer, Brussels lace !sand kerchief never heard of one.—Thomas Wilkinson, packing-case Mr. and Mrs. Daintree, silver tea spoons and sugar maker, and James Orford, foreman packer, said that the tongs case fell over on tile side deceased was walking quite Miss Daintree, silver cake knife and fork and worked unexpectedly. It was going smoothly along on the afternoon tea cloth. crane at the time.—The jury returned a verdict of Mr. Parker, silver flower vase "Accidental death," but suggested that the firm should Mr. T. Ridgway, silver cigar lighter use wider hooks for the purpose of lifting these cases Mrs. Deacon and Mr. Wade Deacon, picture, "The Guide," artist proof, eleissonier Dr. Emrys Jones, picture," Sea Gulls," artist proof, RUNCORN ,RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. Peter Graham Dr. and Miss Brabazon. old oak chest Miss Brabazon, old brass candlestick Weston Sewerage Works. Mrs. Lister, silver butter dishes and knives Mrs. Richardson, silver apostle tea spoons Mrsl Snow, cheque Dr. Snow, cheque Mrs. Abbott and the Roy. F. IV. Abbott, pearl pendant The Misses Manchester, cheque Miss Allen, silver fruit spoon Miss Bays, silver sngar spoon • Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Burrows, silver candlesticks Mrs. Elgood, silver card case Miss E: Cooper, Worcester vase Mr. J. M. Alcock, silver rose bowl Mrs. Beard, silver sugar sifter Mrs, Spalding, pictures from" Punch." Mrs. Steele and Mr. E. B. Steele, four silver flower vases Mr. Elliott Kitchener, copper flower pot Mrs. Foster, book Mrs. Richmond, silver manicure case Major and Mrs. Groves, Honiton lace Mr. and Mrs. Miller, silver salver The Misses Miller, Sheffield plate candlesticks Lieut.-Colonel and Mrs. de Gex, mahogany tea tray Mr. sod Mrs. leoumphrey, silver cream jug . Mr. J. W. Boumphrev, silver salts Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Rylands, mahogany silver table Mr. and Mrs. Hubert Miller, glass and silver ink-stand Miss Hanley, silver ring stand Mr. G. G. Dewhurst, Miss Cholmondeley's works, specially bound Mrs. Norris, oak and silver salad bowl Misses Norris, silver' buttons Mr. and Mrs. John Coxon, opera glasses The Rev: and Mrs. Edwardes Evans, silver ' salts, , peppers and mustard Misses G. and P. Edwardes-Evans, two old lustre jugs The Rev. G. B. Thurston' inlaid box The Rev. and Mrs. Knocker, Russian leather Prayer Book Mr. and Mrs. Holden, old brass candlesticks Mr. Peter Rylands and Miss Rylands. silver writing table watch and letter weight , Mrs. and Miss Gaston, worked embroidered cushion Mr. and Mrs. Callender, silver tea caddy Misses Callender, large cut glass and silver scent bottle The Rev. and Mrs. E. P. Wethered, clock Miss E. Duncan, embroidered table centre lelr.A. N. Duncan, silver penholder Mr. Mac Kendrick, painted leather waste paper basket Mr. and Mrs. Beckett, rosewood photograph frame Dr. and Mrs. Burrowes, big oak candlestick Mr. and Mrs. Bryant, silver bowl, jug, spoons, and tongs Miss Milner, shawl Misses C. and N. Todhunter, silver buttons Mr. and Mrs. Newmarch, silver and cut glass scent bottles Mr. and Mrs. Watkin, silver inkstand Miss Barlow, watercolour drawing Miss Watkin, dessert d'oyleys Mr. and Mrs. Svvanvvick, leather writing paper case and tray The Misses 1., K. and M. Swanvvick, silver iekpot Miss E. M. Swanwick, rose bowl Mrs. Roger Gaddum, silver box Mrs. W. H. Johnson, silver fruit basket Mrs. and Miss Bleckly, silver jam pot Dr. and Mrs. Lunt, clock in chased silver case Miss Hicks silver menu holders Miss Gray,'Wemys pottery Miss Sandon, hand-painted d'oyleys Mrs. E. H. Crosfield, clock in silver case Mr. W. W. Spooner, silver spoon Mrs. Cohn Madver, silver ink stand' Mr. J. S. Barton, silver coffee pot Mrs. Broadbent, foreign embroidery 'Miss H. Dewhurst, small enamel box The Misses Johnson, silver tea spoons and tongs

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural District Council was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there were present:—Messrs. S. Woodward(in the chair) T. Baxter,' C.E. Linaker, J. Douglas, J. Hallows, C. Roylance, H. Eyes, J. Whitley, J. Smith, T. Guest, G. Pilling, J. H. Davies, T. Wright, R. Billington, H. M. Davies, G. Egerton-Warburton, W, Weir, A. G. Guest, P. Collins, E. Bretherton, J. L. Jones, H. Afawdsley, P. Mannfield, W. Turner, J. Fryer, J.Whitlow,W.Harrison, W. R. Hough (deputy clerk), W. Diggle and J. Swinton (surveyors), J. Farrington (inspector) and Dr. Adams (medical oflicer).

===== 0002601_19060224_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGH WAYS COMMITTEE.

The Clerk reported that the Highways Committee had considered the estimates for the coming year presented by the surveyors. The whole of the improvement had been referred to a sub-committee, and the estimates for ordinary repairs, had with certain reductions, been accepted. Messrs. Woodward, Harrison, Wright, Baxter, Pilling, Whitley, Linaker, Antwis and Jones had been appointed as an executive committee to the Highways Comnaittee. Mr. Woodward said the Highways Committee were not altogether satisfied with the way in which the estimates had been prepared by the surveyors. There seemed to be a groat similarity between the estimates for one year and the estimates for another year, so much so that in fact it looked as though—he was not saying it was so—the estimates amounted to nothing more than is copy of the estimates for the pre- vious year, with, of course, some little variations. The Committee very much questioned whether the surveyors had in view the exact spot upon which material was to be used, and it seemed to them that a general provision was made for material in each township without any definite or clear knowledge as to where the material was to be used. If that was so he thought he was expressing the opinion of every member of the Highway Committee when he:said.that viewed from that standpoint the estimates were not satisfactory: The sub-committee which had been appointed was intended to act as an Advisory Committee to the two surveyors throughout the next twelve months, and to watch what was going on. It was hoped by this means to save a valuable amount of material, and to minister to the interests of efficiency and good road making. Mr. C. E. Linaker said it, was proposed that the I Executive Committee should receive lengthy reports from the surveyors and should keep is strizt eye upon expenditure and endeavour to keep the roads in a good condition upon the lowest cost. The minutes of the committee were approved. WESTON' SEWERAGE WORKS. It was reported that the Weston Parochial Committee had approved the following report of a sub-committee on the application of the sewerage works contractor for spectal consideration on account of rock encountered in carrying out the contract. After a lengthy discussion the contractor was informed that the committee repudiate all legal liability under the contract for the excavation of rock but without prejudicee were prepared to recommend to the Parochial Com- mittee the payment of the sum of £250 for rock met with in the whole of the trenches now complete and to be completed under the sewerage scheme, including a deviation in a north-westerly direction from Cheshire's-1 lane subject to his undertaking to carry out all such supplementary sewers for house connections as the Council may require and the prices contained in the supplementary schedule of prices attached to the con- tract with an additional sum of ss. per cubic yard for solid rock as shall be certified as such by the Council's engineer arid also subject to no further claim for extras of any description being submitted beyond what is pro- vided for in the contract. The recommendation was adopted.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Rheumatism And Neuralgia Quickly Relieved by

Of all Chemi: _ ./11, or post free from Wholesale Depot: & 32 Snow Hid, London, E.C.

- • • ' 'o* 4,1'. • • • , % • „• Stiff Joints •

SLOAN'S , LINIMENT, (sts

===== 0002601_19060224_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MALE-VOICE CHOIR.

The Warrington Male-voice Choir gave a very success- fnl concert in Parr Hall on Safer-day evening. The Choir has for its trainer a specialist in the person of Mr. W. S. Nesbitt. the well-known conductor of the Manchester Orpheus Glee Snciety. Tt WI% quite a natural thing therefore that the co-nnerition of the more experienced choir should be sought in presenting choral portions of the programme, a splendid ensemble being thus secured for some numbere,while the sensrate singing of the two bodiee of vocalists served to disclose a standard by which the younger choir might gauge its progress. Comparisons being thus unavoidable it is pleasing to be able to say that the Warrington male- voice choir is surely winning its WA,' towards a position of honour amongst its nnmneers. Nor is it conceivable that it could long remain under the magnetic influence of Mr. Neßbitt's personality, or listen often to the singing of a contemporary choir which so largely embodies his ideas, without makine a substantial advance towards perfection. To hear the Manchester men deal with the intricacies of the nine-part chorus " The old soldier's dream " is at once a musical treat and an object lesson. Tn the finely-graded crescendo which forms the climax of this magnificent part- song the high-water mark of the evening's 'choral singing was undoubtedly reached, the audience being manifestly thrilled with a sympathetic echo of that emotion which, originating in the conductor's temperament and communicated to the vocalists under him, is always consnicenus in a successful performence of such n work. Many nnints of excellence in the Glee Society's rendering of Sehnhert's "Song of the snirits " were, we venture to think. nndiecernible by the audience in the absence of the words of the song in the printed programme, and the possibility of such obscurities detracting from the interest of public performances might well be borne in mind. Nevertheless in this number. as in others where the pianigfrinto was senreme, one could not hut admire the roundness, the softness. and the exquisite quality of the voices of highest ranee. nor could one fail to note the complete merging of all individual voices in a perfect whole of organ-like tone. A vociferous encore greeted the first-mentioned of these pieces, to which nemnnse was made with the singing of a very remronriste setting of Tennyann'e pathetic -verses "Break, break !" The humour of Mickenzie'e piece of musical drollery," A Franklyn's dr.117P," nas entered intered into be the Glee Society with infinite zest, the audience sharing the fun with evident enjoyment. And here again the audience's anproval was monopolised by the choir, it being impossible to regain qnietwle until eimilsr composition by Sir Frederick Bridge, "Old Tnrnin," had been essnyed. Of the separate work of the Werrington Choir the bracketed items "Evening" and "The Warrior's song" were the best. "Spartan Hernesie much ton long for sue- tained intereetemd,occerrine et the nynrof the programme it was listened to somewhat impatiently. Mr. Hassell's condncting is ton mechanical and too little Rnimeted to move those singing under his 1-atnn, or to inspire due and necessary expression, in which connection it would he well if he took R leaf onto? the honk of Air Neal-at, the varying amplitude of whose "heat," and the whole- heartedness of whose efforts to disclose the spirit of the , pieces he presents, give the key to the secret of his 111111CCW49 as a chorus trainer. Tt perhaps needless to say that, the three pieces in which the enrol-4mA choirs were heard were, in all essential resnecte. finished *ler- eormencem : the Mendelseohnien chorus "The Word went forth" being especially admirable in its full-toned massiveness and its one-ness of expression. The programme inclirded a number of songs, hone of *Mice, could be regarded es beyond reproach in the rendering. Miss Lily Whiteeicie'e voice is more of the mezzo-soprano than contralto order, and having regard to her obvious physical and artistic limitations, such compositions as " Oh, for a burst a song !" and " NTv dearest heart " were badly chosen, inasmuch as they overtaxed her resources. The tennr,Mr. Joseph Hanson. warbled " Kathleen Mavonrneen " sweetly enough, yet his singing failed to either tonch or impress. Later in My Queen" it was aprorent that he lscks mneh of that quality of soulfulness allied to a true cantabile style which is absolutely necessary sdermately to deal with such a song, a circumstance which largely accounted for the audience's indifference

We are pleased to find that Warrington numbers yet another young violinist of distinct promise. Master Tom Barton is, we understand, a pupil of Dr. Brodsky's, under whose tntorshin he bids fair to some day do great thines. The No.l of De Beriot's " Scenes de ballet." the " Faust Fantasia " (41ard) and the Wieniewski Mazurka shewed both how well and how badly a young pupil can acquit himself when prematurely thrust noon the soloist's platform. Much however of Master Barton's playing was so good in intonation, so neat in execution and so full of the potentialities of eventual maturity that, if a soloist's career be really intended for him, we may be pardoned a suggestion of the nnwisdom of these Public appearances, and of the advis- ability of his pursuing his studies for vete considerable time within college precincts. Mr. F. B. North, who played all the accompaniments in a most musicianly way, contributed also a Disnaol csl solo in excellent style, and two musical sketches by Mr. 0. Campsnia served to entertain such members of the audience as were interested in the" humorous " element so often and so needlessly tacked on to the programme of a con- cert of this character.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
PLUCK PROVED FATAL.

While Lord Delamere and a friend were driving from Ingongo recently a leopard jumped from the scrub and was at once tackled by Lord Delarnere's dog. The little tni mal was so badly mauled, however, that it had to be killed.

Once a week the house ts fairly upset with the bother of the family wash.

The copper fire is lighted, smell of suds-steam prevades the house, general discomfort reigns.

This is only where they have not yet given Fels. Naptha soap a proper trial.

With Fels-Naptha soap, no hot water, but cold or milk-warm water only, with- out the usual labour, without suds-smell, by an easy, quick, and commonsense method, the clothes are cleansed, purified and sweetened.

That seems a large claim, but each bar of Fels-Naptha soap, rightly used, will prove every word of it. 24d a bar of grocers &c

FeLs-Naptha 39 Wilson street London EC

===== 0002601_19060224_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Aft"-

===== 0002601_19060224_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"

===== 0002601_19060224_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JOHN'S WARD ELECTION.

LABOUR CANDIDATE'S SUCCESS.

James Hall (Labour) 6OO Henry Thornton (son-Trader)

Majority

After a short but brisk campaign the bye-election in St. John's Ward resulted on Monday in a victory for Mr. James Ball, the nominee of the Independent Labour Party. General interest in the event did not run very high, but the workers on both sides entered into the contest with corlsiderable enthusiasm. Both the Liberal and Conservitive parties stood aloof, and the issue was therefore a clear one between the Non- Traders and the Independent Laloour party. Mr. Ball was first in the field, but as his answer to the usual questions put to candidates by the Non-Trading Association was not considered satisfactory, it was decided to oppose him, and Mr. 11. Thornton, who has previously represented the ward, came forward. Meetings were held by each candidate, and a fair quantity of mural literature was circulated. While the Non-Traders contested the seat solely on the point of obtaining purity of adniinistration and checking extravagance, Mr. Ball strongly advocated construc- tive Socialistic measures. He believed, he stated, in low rates, hut not at the expense of efficiency and progress. Mr. Thornton's supporters contended that Mr. Ball's policy if carried to its logical conclusion, would mean the wiping out of all business men, tradesmen and shopkeepers, and the setting up of a huge universal trading concern at the expense of the rates, which, it was to be feared, would lead to more corruption in public life than existed at the present time, or ever did exist. "If we are to wait for purity until Mr. Ball's Socialistic dreams come to ' maturity," it was stated "we shall have to wait for it till Doomsday. As we cannot afford to wait till then, we submit a candidate of our own, and respectfully, and with confidence ask all thoughtful men and women vclters of St. John's Ward to vote for Thornton. municipal purity and low rates." On behalf of Mr. Ball an appeal was issued by Councillor Stott who denied that Mr. Ball was a revolutionist and took Mr. Thornton to task for not ddvocating reforms for the benefit of the working classes. The Labour men in the Council, he added, had always been on the side of purity and efficiency. During the greater part of the day polling proceeded very quietly bat in the evening there was Quite a rush of voters. Of' 1,717 entitled to exercise the franchise 1,117 recorded their votes. The polling station was at the old Club-room, John-street, where the three booths were in charge of the following officials : No. 1 : Pre- siding officer, Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins ; poll clerk, Mr. a Skelton. No. 2: Presiding officer, Mr. A. H. Clive ; noll clerk, Mr. J. McAdam. No. 3 : Presiding officer, Mr. A. Starkey ; poll clerk, Mr. G. W. R. Baines. COUNTING THE VOTES.

On the close of the poll the ballot boxes were con- veyed to the Town Hall and the counting took place in one of the committee rooms in the presence of the returning officer (Alderman Tinnion), the Deputy Town Clerk (Mr. A. T. Hallaway)' the candidates and a num- ber of their supporters. At about 8.30 the result was declared ns above. Councillor BALL said he should not like to leave the room without thanking the returning officer for the courtesy and kindness with which he had conducted the election. They all knew that during elections they became excited, and at times said and did things they did not think of doing in cooler moments, but the action of the Returning Officer had tended to smooth away all differences. It was partly due to his kindness that they had been able to go through the contest with- out any bitterness oa either side, certainly without any on the Part of the two candidates. (Hear, hear.) Mr. TrrotrsrroN seconded the vote of thanks and said he thought there never was an election conducted with better feeling on the part of the candidates. The work had gone on very smoothly and if anything cropped up which threatened to create a difference the matter was comfortably arranged between them. He pitied a person who could not take a defeat with good cheer. (Hear, hear.)°The result was perfectly right to him, and perhaps he would take his defeat as cheerfully and as satisfactorily as any man in town. He had reached that age that he need not press into the Council Chamber, and that was what he said before he gave consent to be a candidate. Fie only consented at the last moment. He was quite satisfied that he had honourably lost, that Mr. Ball had won and that he deserved the position he had gained. (Hear, hear.) Alderman TINNION briefly returned thanks and ex- pressed his indebtedness to the Deputy-Town Clerk and the officials for their services in connection with the election. The campaign, he remarked, had been fought in a true English spirit. 'DECLARING THE RESULT. - - -

A crowd assembled to hear the result declared from the Town Hall steps, and the figures were received with cheers. Councillor TIMM said he looked upon his election as an indication that. the general body of the people desired not simply 4 negative but a constructive policy of reforra and progress in the affairs of the town. It was a sign of dissatisfaction with the slow progress that was taking place, a sign of dissatisfaction that the pro- grammes out forward by some of their politicians were not sufficiently intended to benefit the bulk of the people of the town. (Applause.) He trusted that whatever views he might hold he should try to press them forward in a courteous and proper manner as occasion might require, and that his services would be rendered on the iinderstanding not only that ha was a member of the Council for St. John's Ward, but the general interests I of the town would have his most- careful consideration. (Applause.) He trusted by experience and attention to duties to merit the confidence which had been reposed in him. (Applause.) He could join with Mr. Thornton in saving that they had endeavoured to conduct the campai en in a spirit of mutual toleration. (Applause). Mr. THORNTON said if he and his friends had lost they had lost honourably. They had certainly done their best. Mr. Bill had won and he was quite welcome to take the office. He had also won fairly, as far as (Mr. Thornton) could see, and he hoped he would be a valuable member of the Town Council. (A Voice : "We will send some more next November)." Laughter and applanse ) Before the crowd dispersed "Three cheers for Socialism "were given.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
NON-TRADERS' MEETING.

Lively Scenes.

A meeting in support of the candidature of Mr. Henry Thornton was held in the Hamilton-street schools on Monday evening. Mr. :lames Dodds presided over a good attendance and was supported on the plat- form by Mr. Thornton, Alderman Roberts, Councillors Pemberton, Barton, Ashcroft, Skelland, Benson. and Dickenson, Messrs. S. Kenyon and A. Hulme. The CFTAIRMAN read the following telegram from Councillor Brough : " Very ill. Cannot come. Hope you will have successful meeting." That telegram, said Mr. Dodds, was sent to Councillor Lord who was one of the best workers they had on the Council. (Hear, hear.) He wanted to tell them that the contest was not one they had sought or desired. Thy were forced into it. They asked Nil-. Ball to reply to a question which had bean put to all candidates for the Council during the last four years and WAS on the same lines as the question which Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P. and Mr. Robert Pierpoint had answered in the affirmative. He (Mr. Dodds) thought the question was one to which Mr. Ball, as a representative of Labour, would at. any rate have given a courteous reply. He (Mr.. Dodds) had always supported the Labour party in the North of England. He supported Mr. Seddon and Coun- cillor Stott and he also gave a: seat on the Council —which he could have had for the ask ing —to Councillor Wright. He had shown his syrnpithy with Labour and he thought he was entitled to a courteous. reply from Mr. Ball, but he did not get one. He denied that Mr. Ball or any other workingman could find. anything against him during his thirty years dealing with work- ingmen at Milani forge. Mr. Ball represented what he might call the extreme wing of the Labour party. A Labour gentleman said to him (Mr. Dodds) only the previous day that" it was like the tail wanting to wag the dog." The great Labour party in Warrington was not connected with the independent Labour Party and it was the latter party that was trying to get hold of the lead of the whole Labour party for their own purposes and ends." He was not going to say a word against socialism. He had never during the three or four years' fight the Non Traders had had supported amen because he was a Liberal,Tory,Labour Man,Atheist, or Socialist neither had he opposed any candidate on that ground. He went against the Non Trading party by supporting Councillor Stott because he accepted the Non-Trading platform. If Mr. Ball had replied that he, was in favour of the principle laid down in the questions, and which seemed reasonable enough, there would have been no opposition to him. Speaking on the general question of trading. Mr. Dodds said that, as a result of the improper and immoral dealings between members of the Council and the Corporation the town had been saddled with reckless expenditure and an amount of extravagance which it would take years to rc over from. It was held to be quite right that these men should do the trade.because the officials could keep them straight. Hut how could they expe3t the officials to do that when members of the Council were supplying goods ? He (Mr. Dodds) said seriously that instil they got rid not only of some members of the Council still left,but also of some of the chief officials—

he was not blaming them because it was the result of the disgraceful system which had gone on for several years —they would never really get rid of the improper dealing between members of the Council and the Corporation and of the bad character which Warrington had in the face of the country. (Applause). Alderman ROBERTS moved a vote of confidence in Mr. Thornton as being a suitable candidate. There was no doubt that a great deal of extravagance had taken place and he was pleased that the non-trading party had stepped forward to put a check to it. me non-traders had, he believed, worked the agitation not for them- selves but in the interests of the whole of the ratepayers. So long as he found them going on the right "tack " he was with them. (Applause.) Councillor PEMBERTON said that had it not been for the education rate it would have been shown that the non-trading agitation had reduced the rat3s by is. Deal- ing with the waterworks question,Councillor Pemberton said that within twelve months the Council would be asked to spend another £40,000 on that account. He contended that an expenditure of £lOO,OOO would have been sufficient to meet the needs of Warrington for forty years, but instead of that the ratepayers had to find £250,000. They would in about twelve months have to commence to repay the principal and interest on the £150,000 which ought never to have been spent. Last year they lost £2,000 on the waterworks and when the next Corporation accounts came out it would be shown that there had been a loss for the past year of £3,800. Continuing, Councillor Pemberton contended that if the tramways and electricity depart- ments had been private concerns they would have made a profit. The Non-Traders, he said, wanted to 'amend matters which could be put right now and not wait for fifty years for the carrying out of schemes such as the Socialists advocated. The only hope for Warrington was to get more works to come to the town and that could only be done by keeping the rates down. (Applause.) Alderman PIERPOCNT said be was not a Non-Trader but the Non-Trading party had always had his heartiest , sympathies and the best support that he was able to I afford them. He had watched the actions of the Non- Traders in the Council and had been compelled to come to the conclusion that their object was to serve the best interests of the ratepayers. (Applause.) Councillor BARTON said he had always endeavoured to give his support on the side of righteousness and truth. Those who were in the Council found it a difficult matter to pursue the course which would give satisfaction to themselves and to those who were about them. Those present would have heard what a thrashing the Town Council had to submit to the other night from an outsider who, because members supported the party which tried to attain the highest efficiency at the lowest cost, branded them as cheese-parers and false economists. So long as he was in the Council he would support the party which did the best for the workingmen and obtained the best equivalent for the money expended. Mr. A. linfz4F, expressed regret that he had to stand on that platform to oppose a Socialist. He would point out, however, that Socialism was an ideal and it was not practical to-day. The Non-Traders wanted something practical in the town's affairs. Mr. Ball, however, would not answer "Yes" or "No" to a straight question and how, therefore, could they rely upon his support being given to the cause of municipal purity in the Council? There were many interruptions during Mr. Hulme's speech, and it was evident that a large number of Mr. Ball's supporters were present. Considerable disorder ensued whenever Mr. Hulme referred to Socialism and Mr. Ball's position... .

The CHAIRMAN said there would have been no oppo- sition to Mr. Ball on the part of the Non-Traders if he had answered the first question theyasked in the affirma- tive. A VOICE : Why did you resign from the Council if you wanted to promote purity? Mr. DODDS : Because the chief of the Traders put up in another ward and I resigned to oppose him. (Applause). When Mr. Henry Roberts ran away I asked to see Mr. Wright and he came to me at the office and said he was entirely with us. I then put bills on the walls stating that as Mr. Wright satisfied me I would not stand against him. (Applause). lam willing to do whatever I can for the cause but my friends think, and I think, I am better as a watch dog out of the Council, but ready to go in when called upon and to keep out men like Mr. Ball who wont answer a straightforward question. (Loud applause). The Kingdom of Heaven is first pure and then peaceable. I say there should be no peace in Warrington until you have purified the Council. The only way you can do that is by sending men like Mr. Thornton to the Council. (Applause and laughter). Several members of the audience still persisted in interrupting but eventually the resolution was put and the Chairman declared it carried by a large majority. In reply, Mr. THOANTON said hell would stand for what was straight, honest and true. He thought there was not a man in the town who would say that he had not done his share for the good of the working classes. Further there was no one in the town who had stuck to the working classes and helped them privately and publicly more than he had during the last 33 years. (Applause.) Councillor PEMBERTON, in proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. Dodds, said the labouring classes had no better friend in Warrington than Mr. Dodds. (Applause.) Councillor ASHCROFT seconded, and said that a Labour man had told him it was a few Socialists and not the Labour party who were opposing Mr. Thornton. This statement evoked considerable opposition, and for a time there were lively scenes. The vote of thanks was heartily accorded. Councillor STOTT, who said he did not agree with the interruptions, took the Non-Traders to task for issuing a circular against Socialism. He said some of the state- ments contained in it were absolutely untrue. The CHAIRMAN said he had nothing to do with the drawing up of the circular, and if there was anything wrong with it he was very sorry.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 24, 1906.

LABOUR MEETING.

A meeting was held in support of Mr. Ball in St. Peter's schoolroom, John-street, on Monday. Mr. J. Podmore. jun., presided over a large gathering and was supported by Mr. Ball,Councillor Hart(Manchester) the Rev. J, F. Matthews and Mr. J. Hampson. The Rev. J. F. MATTHEWS in speaking on behalf of Mr. Ball said he was a socialist long before the Labour Party came into existence and was a socialist because he believed their propaganda was the application of Christianity to the doings of men. He was perfectly in sympathy with the objects of the Non-Trading Association, as every man desiring pure govern- ment must be, and he believed that if they sent Mr. Ball to the Town Council they would be sending a man to represent them who would be a staunch sup- porter of purity in municipal life. A tremendous responsibility rested upon the shoulders of the electors of the country and he was pleased that they had recently shown that they were determined in the future I not to send the rich man or the landlord,but the worker to represent them in the great legislative assembly of the country. One reason why he supported Mr. Ball was that he believed with him that the education of the country—elethentary and secondary—should be abso- lutely free, and that it should be made possible for any child to pass to the university and even to the pro- fessional chair, the country to bear any expense to which the child might be put. (Applause.) A resolution in support of the candidature of Mr. Ball was unanimously approved.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON.

WEEK ENDING 18TH FEBRUARY 1906.

...... . Correspond- ing week 1905. Total Male Female Male Female Birth Legitimate 33 21 12 22 23 „ Illegitimate 4 1 3 Deaths 28 20 8 9 9 Excess of births over deaths :-9.

The ages of mortality were :—Under 1-8 ; 1 to 2- 5; 5 to 15-1 ; 15 to 25-0; 25 to 65-10; 65 and up- -4 ; tots.l-28. Death rate, 210. Corresponding week 1905, 1:3.5. Birth rate 97.6 71 331: _

The deaths included :-2 from whooping cough, 2 from diarrhoea, 4 from phthisis, 3 from other tubercular diseases, 7 from lung diseases, 10 from all other causes. The following cases of iafections disease have been reported during the week :—Smallpox 0 ; scarlet fever 0; diphtheria 0 ; memb croup 1 ; typhus fever 0 ; tuberculous phthisis 2 ; enteric fever 0 ; relapsing fever 0 ,• nuerpmal fever 0 ; erysipelas 1 ; chicken pox 3. Weather return; mean temperature, 38 Fah. and there- fore 12 deg. lower than the proceeding week. Maximum temperature, 45 Fah. on theith inst.,miniruum terar 3ra- ture, 31 Fah. on the sth inst. Rainfall PO5 inch. General direction of wind N.W. J. G. GORNA,Lf., Medical oMcer of Health.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Board of Guardians.

A meeting of -this Board was held on Wednesday under the presidency of Mr. A. J. Jolley. There were also present—Mrs. Clay, Mrs. Wilkinson, Miss Broad- bent, Rev. Dr. Mercer, Messrs.(-. Thompson. S.DaNies, G. Mather, M. W. Seton, R. Flannagan, 3 Vook, R. Forsbaw, S. Sutton (assistant clerk), J. F. twbery (master) and A. Wright (superintendent of i'adgate schools). The assistant clerk informed the Board that two recommendations of increases of salaries to officials would be placed on the agenda for the next Board meeting. Miss Broadbent said she desired through the Press to thank the tradespeople who had been most generous in their support of the Brabazon sale of work. A good sum had been realized by the sale of tickets and they were much indebted to Mr. Awbery for his valuable efforts.—The assistant clerk announced that the annual audit, of the accounts of the Union would take place on March 12th. He formally laid before the Board the estimates for the half year ending September next which will be fully reported upon at a future meeting. We understand that the estimates show a decreased deficiency as compared with the previous halflear of from ;£l,OOO to S:I,500. This is equal roughly to a reduction of Id. in the rates of the Union.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
DISHEARTENED BY DOCTORS.

Serious Scalp Disease Overcome by Zam-Buk.

Mrs. A. Sim, of 15, George-street, Inverness,writes of an experience which she has shared with many other mothers. Doctors utterly failed to even check her boy's ringworm of the scalp, and Zam-Buk alone was able to end her anxiety. ~.She says :

"Two years ago tny little boy, who was then six yr -as of age, contracted a disease like ringworm in his head. The chemist gave me some ointment, but it did no good, so I took him to see a doctor. He said that it was ringworm, and that it was a terribly hard thing to cure. It would take a long time, he said. He gave me a lotion and ointment, which I applied as directed, but these made no improvement, and the head was getting worse. After that other two doctors treated him with different stuffs, but to no effect. One doctor said he would be completely bald. The disease went on unchecked for over eighteen months, and we got very disheartened, as he was losing his schooling and his system was run down. Then we read of a similar case that had been cured by Zam-Buk, so we decided to give it a trial, and before one box was used we saw a vast improvement. We persevered with Zam-Buk, and by the time the third box was finished the child's head was free from all disease, and the hair was beginning to grow again. It is now four months since he recovered, and there is no sign of the disease returning. He has got a splendid head of hair now, and we cannot speak too highly of Zam-Buk. I hope the wonderful cure of our boy will induce others to try it." Zam-Buk permanently cures all scalp diseases, scabs, ringworm, running sores, honey sickness, dandruff, scurf, eczema, psoriasis, sore backs, abscesses, boils, pimples, chafing, sore faces, chapped hands, chilblains, chills, festering sores, cold-sores, poisoned wounds, piles, stiff- ness, cold feet, sprains, cuts, bruises, rheumatism, and nerve pains. Of all chemists, or the Zam-Buk Co., 4, Red Cross Street, London, E.C., for Is. lid. or 2s. 9d. per box (2s. 9d. size contains nearly four times the is.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL. ----

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION.

Goals

P. W. L. D. For agst. Pts. Warrington Albions Orford Barracks Oughtrington Park 8 6 2 0 28 12 12 Thelwall ll 4 4 3 15 20 11 Stockton Heath Widnes St. Ambrose ll 3 5 4 11 19 8 Vulcan A.F.C. Lymm Castner Kellner Res lO 2 6 2 16 24 6 SECOND DIVISION. Latchford Christ Church Stockton Heath Res. l7 12 3 2 40 15 26 Warrington Albion Res. l6 12 4 0 31 21 24 Vulcan Res. St. Barnabas l7 8 6 3 33 34 19 Widnes St. Ambrose Res l6 6 5 5 25 16 17 Warrington St. Paul's Halton A.P.C. Castner Kellner Res. Widnes St. Peters *Earlestown Y.M.C. A Oughtrington St. Paul's Daresbury l6 110 5 15 29 7 *Two points deducted. Mst3bes for Februaii 24th. Lymm v. St. Ambrose. Thelwall v. Castner Kellner. _ _

Oughtrington Park v. Orford Barracks. Castner Kellner Res. v. Earlestown Y.M.C.A. Oughtrington St. Peter's v. Albion Res. Widnes St. Ambrose. Res.v. Halton.

Warrington St. Paul's v. Christ Church. Results for February 17th. Castner Kellner, 1 ; Warrington Albions, 3. Barracks, 0 ; Lymm, 0. St. Ambrose, 0 ; Oughtrington Park, 6. Albion Res., 2 ; Castner Kellner Res., 0. Oughtrighton St. Peters, 1 ; Warrington St. Paul's, 3. Christ Church, 7 ; Wiclles St. Paul's, 0.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
A lI9USEWIFE'S WEAKNESS.

Palpitation, Back Pains, and Flatulence Cured by Bile Beans.

When Mr. Charles Peel, an engine-tenter at a Sowerby Bridge factory, moved out to the hamlet of Triangle, near Halifax, he was hoping that his wife, who had been too weak for housework owing to stomach trouble would benefit from the fresh country air. But it was Bile Beans, the popular family medicine, which had eventually to be resorted to, and Bile Beans not merely afforded relief but a complete and lasting cure. Interviewed at her home, 30 West-street, Triangle, Mrs. Sarah Ann Peel said : " For along timer suffered severely from a disordered stomach. Flatulence made my life a misery I had to be so careful what I ate that I dared take but very little food, and naturally I quickly lost health and strength. Besides suffering a great deal from pains in the back I was much depressed. Palpitation of the heart caused me much misery, and I could scarcely walk upstairs, so acute were the attacks. My condition was simply shocking, and I was quite unable to look after the housework. For five years I was in this con- dition. We removed to Triangle, hoping the change would benefit my health, but I got no better, though I was under the care of many doctors and spent pounds on medicine of all sorts. . .

"Some months ago I obtained a box of Bile Beans. They seemed to touch the root of my ailment, and the pains began to diminish. The wonderful improvement was maintained. My present healthy appearance and condition are entirely due to Bile Beans ; my strength has been fully refored, the pains have completely i vanished, and my stomach s thoroughly strong again. lean do my own housework once more and find a pleasure in doing it. A medicine of purely vegetable origin, Bile Beans attack not merely symptoms but the very foundation of disease. That is why Mrs. Peel is quite well to-day. Cheap substitutes would probably have made hr con- dition worse in the end. Bile Beans are sold in sealed boxes, at Is. lad. or 2s. 9d., of all chemists, or direct from the sole proprietors The Bile Bean Mfg. Co., 4 Red Cross Street, E.C.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there were present Alderman A. R. Norman (presiding), Messrs. I'. Baxter, S. Woodward, S. Taylor, T. Wood, C. E. Linaker, .1, Douglas, W. M. Morris, W. Hallows, C. Rovlance, H. Eyes, J. Whitley, J. Smith, T. Guest,lG. Pilling, J. H. Davies, T. Wright, R. Billington, H. M. Davies, G. Egerton Warburton, W. Weir, A. G. Guest, P. Collins, E, Bretherton, J. L. Jones, H. Mawdsley, P. Mountleld, W. Turner,J. Fryer, J. Whitlow, W. Harrison, and W. E. Hough, (deputy clerk), Cook, Pearson and de Prez (relieving officer) and J. Cunnah (workhouse master).

===== 0002601_19060224_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
REQUIREMENTS AT THE WORKHOUSE.

The Clerk was instructed to advertise for tenders for the supply of goods to the Workhouse. Mr. Morris said that at a meeting of the House Com- mittee the Master of the Workhouse said he had not been receiving English beef and mutton. The schedule of requirements had beau so altered that such a mistake would not be made in the future.

The Master reported that it had been decided to dis- continue giving fish dinners on the Friday of each week and to substitute bread and cheese and coffee.

FINANCIAL. Mr. Woodward reported the payment of £7O to Mr. Cook, £3O to Mr. de Prez, and £24 to Mr. Pearson for out-relief. The balance in hand of the Treasurer was £2,021 195., though the actual balance in the books 'was £5,399 19s. fid. cheques to %he extent of £3,378 Os. 6d. not having been presented or payment.

COM M EncrAL FAILURES.—According to Kemp's Mercantile Gazette, the total number of Commercial Failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, February 16th, was 181, viz. :—New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 86; Deeds of Arrangement registered, 95. rhe respective numbers In the corresponding week of last year were : Bankruptcies,lo6 ; Deeds of Arrangement 08—Total 204; being a decrease of 23. The total number of Commercial Failures recorded during the 7 weeks of the present year is 1,169 ; the total number recorded in the corresponding 7 weeks of lsst year was 1 257, showing a decrease of 88.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

A YOUNG IDEALS.—The Padgate Young Men's Bible Class were again very fortunate in having the Rev. John Francis Matthews to address them on Sun- day afternoon last. He took for his subject "A young man's ideals." In his prefatory remarks he stated for nine years he had been continuously addressing Young Men's Bible Classes and owing to his many visits to the Padgate Class he felt he was probably in a danger of repeating himself. His subject was, however, dealt with in a most capable manner and received the most earnest attention. He contended that a man without an ideal was like a ship without a rudder, a garden without A flower or a sky without a sun. Every man, therefore, should have his ideal, and gener- ally speaking this ideal should be along the lines of a man's activities. He advised the young men present that whatever station in life they might be fulfllling or what- ever work they were doing to use their best endeavour to excel. "Keep your ideals as high as you like" he continued "so that they will always tend to help you forward and to lift you up." Mr. Matthews also briefly referred to the necssity of purity in municipal and national life and contended that every public man should be clean handed and clean lipped. " Men," he said," can only have clean hands by having clean hearts and men can only have clean hearts by having high ideals." At the conclusion of the address a rather interesting discussion took place in which several of the members took parts Mr. Matthews was called upon to answer some very important questions which he did in a clear and expre- sive style. Finally Mr. Matthews was accorded a hearty vote of thanks for his kindness in attending and delivering the address.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CATHOLICS AND THE

EDUCATION QUESTION.

At a largely attended and enthusiastic meeting of Catholics held on Sunday in Warrington the following resolutions were passed unanimously I. We, the parents of the Catholic children attending St. Mary's R.C. School, Warrington recognising that the duty and responsibility of educating our children belongs to us and to us alone, deny the right of any power to take this duty out of our hands or even to help in the discharge of it, unless this be done in entire conformity with our conscientious convictions. 11. We the parents of the Catholic children attending St. Mary's R. C. School, Warrington who number over 900, regarding our Schools, built at the cost of enormous sacrifice, as a sacred trust to be defended and preserved intact, hereby pledge ourselves to re- sist to the utmost any legislation or action of the Government which takes away from Catholics the right to have for their children Catholic religious instruction during school hours, given by Catholic teachers only, in Catholic _schools under Catholic

management, or that would impose any but Catholic teachers on the regular staff of our schools. 111. Resolved that the foregoing resolutions he signed on our behalf by the chairman of the meeting, Mr. John Eckemley, and by the secretary, Mr. J. W. McAvoy; and that copies of the same be forwarded without delay to the Prime Minister, the Minister of Education, our own Member of Parliament, and the Press.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
GASTRIC CATARRH AND _ INDIGESTION.

- - --- The root of all physical weakness is indigestion and exhausted nerve cells; when the stomach gives out innumerable troubles follow. A healthy stomach is our best investment.

Mrs. J. W. BRACHER, 21, Frederick Road, Gorles- ton-on-Sea, was sufferieg from loss of flesh, chronic indigestion and nervous weakness, with severe head- aches. Nothing appeared to do her good until she took VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC ; this famous remedy accom- plished a complete cure. VENOS SEAWEED TONIC possesses marvellous strengthening and healing Properties. The most success- ful remedy for stomach, liver, kidney, and blood diseases; especially successful in female weakness and constipa- tion. For purity, medicinal activity, and all-round potency it hqs not its equal anywhere. Cures permanently. No return. Price is. 11d. and 2s. 9d., at Chemists everywhere.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Secondary _School Concert.

There was a large audience at the Parr Hall on Friday evening when the scholars attending the Secondary school gave their first annual concert. The I event proved a gratifying success and as a result the funds of the School Athletic Club will benefit. The programme was an interesting one and although in sortie respects there was room for improvement, the performers on the whole acquitted themselves very creditably and were rewarded with the hearty applause of the audience. Miscellaneous items comprised the first part of the entertainment which was arranged by Mr. R. H. Al bery, Miss E. Frost, Miss M. L. Mitchell I and Mr. J. D. Baxter. There were several choruses by the secondary school choir and the school orchestra assisted by a nunatcr of friends, played selections in pleasing style. Mr. R. FL Alhety conducted. Special features which proved exceptionally popular were the eostume song "six little wives" "from San Toy" by E. J. Mee(Yeu How)and six girls who all took their parts well and the spirited selection"Rataplar"from the" Daughter of the Regiment " by Mr. Jolley and selected girls who appeared in bright, military costumes. Violet Brown sang " Vanika's song " with taste and expres- sion and was accorded an encore and later she was associated with Mary Hackett in the pretty duet " I know a bank." Lena Duckworth and Mitchell Price were responsible for an effective interpretation of "Boy and girl" from " The country girl." The most successful feature of the concert was the extravaganza " The Knave of Hearts "for which, it was evident, the pupils had been carefully trained. The various char- acters were admirably presented and the per- formance gave considerable pleasure. When all the children in their pretty costumes were grouped on the stage the scene was an extremely picturesque one. The leading roles were taken by the following :—King of Hearts, Jack Whitehouse ; Queen of Hearts, Lettice Warburton ; Ace of Hearts (Princess Royal), Eva Evans ' • Knave of Hearts (nephew to King), Fred Newbold ; King of Diamonds, Sarah Clarke; King of Spades, Lydia Pilling ; King of Clubs, Alice Shearer. This part of the programme had been arranged by Miss M. B. Morton, Miss L. M. Warburton, Mr. W. Donaghy, and Miss E. Wilkinson. From beginning to end the play, which is founded on the well-known nursery rhyme, was followed with interest, and the scholars were thoroughly deserving of the praise bestowed upon them.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
130VRIL, LTD.

Presiding at the ninth annual general meeting of Bovril Limited, held at River Plate House, Finsbury Circus, E.C., the Chairman, Viscount Duncannon, C.W.O.' C. 8., said: It was a very great pleasure to meet the shareholders with a report of record sales in the home trade and of a larger profit on the year's business. The net profit was £152,530,being an increase of £5,970 on the previous year. (Applause.) If the accounts were passed the Company would be enabled to pay the six month's dividends on the 51 per cent. preference shares and 7 per cent, on the ordinary shares, and a year's dividend at 4 per cent. on the deferred shares, adding £20,000 to tht reserve (making it £165,000) and carrying forward £14,021. They still possess vimbos and its formulm, its bottles and labels and advertisements, and the ox in the tea cup poster. i They held them n reserve in case it was ever desirable to push a cheaper article than bovril. With regard to -Virol, Limited, the Board have realized that it would take some years of extensive advertising before Virol could become thoroughly known and appre- ciated by the public. They had therefore, formed a separate company in January 1900 for its development. The following was the progress of th• tVirol Company since its formation. The sales for the year ending March 1902 were 31 per cent increase upon those of 1901, those for 1903 were 35 per cent increase upon those of 1902 ; 1904, 50 per cent over 1903 ; last year 18 per cent over 1901, and for the last month of the present financial year 46 per cent increase upon same month of the previous financial year. —Mr. G. Lawson Johnston, in seconding the resolution, said that he had compared the stocks of raw material held by Food ipec ial is ts and by Bovril Ltd., at the end of December IWst, and found that it was not only a record stock, but was actually 46 per cent. larger than the combined stocks were twelve months previously. (Applause.)—The Chairman having replied to questions, the report and accounts were unanimously adopted.

Everybody knows that

===== 0002601_19060224_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'

is an admirable food, the nicest and most nutritious beverage for the breakfast table. It is made in a moment with boiling water or milk, and in sustaining qualities aro

===== 0002601_19060224_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
COCOA

Invaluable to all.

WOMAN'S REALM.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESS-FASHION--HOME.

THE SPANISH MARRIAGE.

Doubtless the Spanish-English Royal marriage will bring to us something of Spanish character in dress. The Toreador hat we have had, and its first cousin, the turban, is with us now. Afantillas are very becoming, and may well come into favour, also high combs. Princess Ena will undoubtedly be a well-dowered bride. He. mother is a rich woman, how rich is not known, but Queen Victoria left much to her daughter. who gave up her life to her. Besides that, Prin- cess Henry was well off. Then, Princess Ena's godmother, the Empress Eugenie, is enchanted with the match, and she loves the girl warmly. The Empress is enormously wealthy, and so the future Queen of Spain will be suitably, if not splendidly, dowered even for so exalted a posi- tion.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
CABOCHON GEMS ON NECKBANDS.

Large cabochon gems are much employed on some of the latest neckwear, a favourite method of introducing them being to fix each stone into the three-sided spaces between the angles of the Greek key pattern which is so much in vogue, and which is frequently carried out in narrow Irish crochet insertion on boned linings of net or mousseline de soie. In this connection there is a decided fancy for big. unpolished turquoises, while, in accordance with the present craze for jet, enormous square slabs of polished jet, cut in facet's like a diamond, are inserted with effect into the centres of medallions of coarse lace or guipure.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARMING GIRL'S FROCK.

Pictured in our illustration is a charming little " best " frock for a maiden of some fifteen or sixteen years of age. The maarial of which it is fashioned is a fine supple cashmere of a pretty shade of Wedgwood blue. The bodice is arranged in the fashionable crossover style, being gathered on the shoulders and swathed

round the figure in a particularly becoming way. The upper edges of the crossover are outlined by bands of velvet of a slightly darker shade. from beneath which springs a scarf-like drapery of pretty string-coloured lace. Similar lace forms the dainty chemisette and neckband, and edges the velvet cuffs of the three-quarter sleeve.s. The skirt is quite simple, the front breadth being plain and arranged as a panel, the remainder being slightly gathered round the hips to secure the necessary flare at the hem. A lino of machine-stitching decorates the top of the horn, and makes a pretty finish to the frock NEW MODES IN HATE.

The new modes in hats are making a modest appearance, now that the cheap sales are over. We shall certainly see bright-coloured headgear as the spring advances, declares a fashion writer in the Globe. Fancy shapes in horsehair are to be the rage, and from the one or two examples submitted to us there is nothing to fear from it, and much to welcome. Of course, bright- hued hats are rocks that people without taste split upon. However, there was never a fashion yet that could control that point. To us it seems, if our heads are to be decked with horsehair hats in rose. and green, and blue, and mauve, that either our gowns must match, or that they must oe neutral in tone. Mixtures in colour are seldom successful, we know possibly ten women who can accomplish them with a good, effect, and they are not British. The fact is, tho flair for combining strong colour cannot be acquired; mingling pale tones is an easier matter, and one which amateurs can manage quite well. Often it happens that two strong tones look all right together off, but don them, and they seem to conspire together to vulgarise their wearer. Lace will be largely used as hat trimming, and, of course, flowers. DRESSY AFTERNOON BLOUSE.

Our illustration shows a dressy afternoon blouse of mauve and white delaine. It is made with a deep yoke, which is brought down to the waist line in the centre, both back and front. It is eutliibid with a piping of mauve glace ribbon, and adorned with flat buttons covered with the same coloured -lace The neck is cut out

to a V, 'the small revers of white glace being also edged with mauve piping, a knot of the same coloured ribbon giving a pretty finish. The opening at the neck is filled in with a small front and collar of coarse lace, and the sleeves are drawn into long cuffs and finished at the wrists with little turned-back cuffs to match the revers.

IDEAS FOR NAME CARDS. A Teretty, new j(ka has lately been intrOueed

NERVES WRECKF.D. Health undermined by harework and anxiety this lady collapsed; bloodless, exhausted, unable to sleep or eat, she was in despair. Then a complete cure was found in

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

1071,4! N..; s —. ,:, ' ..,. :::. , ~, ~...".,„... :, .„\'',:',..,.--..„:;. A 4# , ~,. ~,, .:4„,, „_.,,,,, ....- . " (11., '., /t.';'''' . : ''', // 1 i !, / i , / iil ' I 1 I 111 Ili 1 ! , t /1. -.- .ii•-ib— . 1 ,' p 1 \ ,i , - - ......... 1 ---, t.:. .--* •:' ' . -:.--•••,,

g silk. .....r. 014: Afr,,, ~...g. 2-1'• . e/: Iti 'N, ~,,,,,y • \.. , ..• . (-0 f 1. ir i 1 4111) , . .1///11111 1 [I ' t , _

My Dear Children,— The time for the conclusion of our monthly competitions is drawing near, and I hope that those who have not already sent in, will do so before the close of this month. The prizes are well worth trying for, and, as they are three in number, both for the boys and girls, you all stand a very good chance. ' Next month I shall announce another competition for boys( and girls; so be on the look-out for the varticulars, which will appear in this paper shortly. I am glad to see, from the many letters I have received, that you are all so pleased with the Children's Corner, and find the letters, contributions, etc., interesting. It certainly has made great progress, ,and we now have over i,500 members. Some of you have asked me for the date of my birthday, so that you can put it in your birthday- books. Weil, it is on June 26th, and I hope, now that you know the date, you will not forget to write me a nice letter on that day. 1 will give a very nice book to the one who sends me the correct solutions to the puzzles printed below. These puzzles were se* me by my niece Edith Kirk; so, of coarse, she may not compete, but I have sent her a very nice box of chocolates for sending me such a good set of puzzles. I have awarded a prize volume this week to William Clarke for his contribution, anr..l I have also sent out several of my post card albums to those who have sent me a list of twenty-four new members. I must thank Leonard and Tom Oram for their letters, and the contribution I hope to publish later. Tom Oram's suggestion for making me a Present is very kind, but, I fear, not very Practicable.

With all good wishes, and hoping to have plenty of letters from you this week, Your affectionate UNCLE NED.

Dear Uncle Ned,—The other day I came across a nice •story, and, as you have not yet published one of my contributions, I •• ',thought you would like to hear the follow- , mg.—From your nephew, WILLIAM CLARKE. A CONCEITED ROSEBUD. (A Fable.) In a sunny corner of the garden grew a . rose-bush, and year by year, all the long • summer through, she bore the most beautiful roses; and she was very proud of her chil- dren, and joyful when each tiny bud had become a full-grown flower. The sun, the wind, and the rain rejoiced in their loveli- • ness, too, as well as the people who saw them. In the spring all the rosebuds dis- cussed the time wqn they would blow and see the world. But one of them held a different opinion. "I shall not bloom when my brothers and sisters do," he said to Mother Rose-bush, "for then I should not be noticed among so many." "My dear little bud," said his mother sadly, it will be better to bloom when your brothers do, for perhaps -you will have no chance later ()du- But the silly bud took no notice, and the summer his companions opened eir petals and formed a beautiful sight. "nen the last rose had g-one, the wind was not so kind as it had been, but the foolish rosebud was too excited to notice that. " Now," he cried, triumphantly, "to-morrow will be mine." He made haste to unfold the green sheath, but in the night " jack Frost" came by and crushed him in his cruel fingers. So, after all, the rosebud never bloomed at all for in the morning he was dead, and all his vain desire to out-do his companions.

A CONTRIBUTION FROM GLADYS M. KENDALL. MISS PUSSY'S PORRIDGE. Miss Pussy Cat did not like porridge She never could eat it, she said; She cried, and she grumbled, and wanted A mouse for her breakfast instead.

"No, no! " said her mother, "the porridge Will make you grow fat and so strong; A mouse you shall have when you've finished, Now gobble it up, don't be long.

"Eat spoonful by spoonful with patience: Each one is one less to the last; No duty is better for waiting: Begin, and the worst will be past."

Miss Puss) Cat ate up her porridge: It was not as bad as she thought; And now she will cat with a relish The mouse that her mother has caught.

Dear Uncle Ned.—lf you think this will he nice for your League, will you please print it ?—Best NELLIE HAWORTH.

r

MOP

M.Maa.,..._,

===== 0002601_19060224_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

°

===== 0002601_19060224_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BALL.

.. hat are you making, mother ? " "A ill for you, Arthur." " What will it be aade of? " "It will be made of cork, india- :ubber, Cotton, and worsted." "Where does cork come from, mother ? " "It comes from Spain." "What is cork, mother ? " "It is the bark of the cork-tree." " And what is indiarubber ? " "It is a kind of gum, which comes from a plant bearing the same name, i that grows n South America." "What is cotton, mother ? " "It is the produce of the cotton-tree, which grows in the West Indies." "And what is worsted?" "Worsted is made from wool, the fleece of sheep, which live in England, as you know, Arthur." "But, mother, sheep are not red, and blue, and yellow, and purple, like that worsted." "No, my dear, the wool has been dyed these various colours." "What shall I give you for making such a nice ball, mother ? " "You must give me a kiss, my dear,, and tell me from how many countries the different articles used in making this ball contains." "Let me see, I will count them. Cork from Spain (one), imliarubber from South America (two), cotton from the West Indies (three), and worsted, which we get in England (four), mother." "Yes, Arthur, that is right; and now your ball is ready." " Thank you, dear mother. Now let me give you a kiss."

BURIED CITIES. The mishap arises 'every day. "He is mad, ridiculous, foolish," I say. Each member ,lingered about the college. The captain had a nap lest he should be over-tired.

BURIED FLOWERS. "Don't sleep in Kate's tiny room." She spoke with such a stern voice. "Shall I 'lynch him ? " said he. Is the great globe likely to change its course?

BURIED GIRL' NAMES. I am soon tired when I dance. The governor arose to restore order. High above them a bell chimed.

PUZZLE.

I am like Lord Salisbury because I have

a— I am like a postman because I have to do

• , with— lam like a tree because bear— I am like a tureen because •I have a— I am like a cathedral because I have— What am I? Sent by EDITH KIRK.

A CONTRIBUTION FROM NANCY PORTER. - THE BRAVE FIREMAN.

Two little children were lying fast asleep in bed one winter night. Their alms were round about each other, and their dreams were of happy things. Suddenly a loud, crashing noise was heard—so loud that it woke both Nellie and Dolly at once. They clung to each other, and then they started up in bed and cried out, for the window was being broken in, and the .glass seemed to be flying to pieces, while a man was climbing into the room. The room was so full of smoke that they could hardly breathe. It made them cough, it got into their eyes, and they felt so hot. The moment the man got into the room, he ran to the bed and took the children into his arms, saying in a quick, gruff voice, "The house is on fire; come with me; don't be afraid." But they were afraid, more afraid than they had ever been in their lives, and poor little Dolly screamed aloud. The man looked so big and tall and black, and had such a strange sort of hat on his head! He went at once to the window, and looked out for a moment % Nelly saw from the window a ladder, which reached down to the ground, and she saw a great crowd of people below, and smoke and fire. Then she heard the Man say, "Not that way; it won't do." A great cry arose from the crowd in the street when they saw the fireman, with the children in his arms, i leave the window. Nelly won- dered what t was about. The smoke grew worse and worse, and the children could hardly see the door. Now it was. open, and they were out on the landing. But how were they to get down the stairs? / (To be Concluded.) OF NEW MEMBERS.

Eva 07m-e-rod;Lizzie 'Or-m—er-o—d-TA-11c-e. Wade, Lily Grimshaw, Annie Mary Warbuton, Amelia Wade; Frank Camm, Louisa Wade, Nellie Wade, Rose May Collinge, Maria Hayhurst, Emma Higson, Annie Barnes, Ethel . Clarkson, Nellie Pilkington, May Isherwood, Lizzie Wilson, Emma Lena Wil- son, Jane Howorth, Ethel Aryton, Florrie Hodgkinson, Sarah Ellen Riley, Roy Board- man, Ethel Heap, Tom Berry, Walter Rat- cliffe, Jim Tomlinson, Fred Babyster, Richard Kershew, James H. Riley. Ernest Taylor, Willie Hayhurst, Maggie Pearson, Maggie Warburton. Doris Walmsley, Mary Walmsley. Mary Higham, Fred Sharpies, Stanley Cordinlev, Lena Birtwistle; Fred Birtwistle, Edith Birtwistle. Florrie Mercer, Tom Berry, Harry Berry. Willie Law, Phyllis May Lord. Sarah E. Pilling, Dora 'Wall- work, and Harold Barlow.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
IMMENSE • PEAT SUPPLIES 2

Peat covers one-seventh of Ireland, sometimes reaching a depth of 50ft. The United Kingdom has 6,000,000 acres, of an average depth of 12ft. Germany's peat covers 11,000 square miles, and Sciandinaviata supply is thought to equal 3,000,000,000 tons of coal. LIFE'S DURATION IN EL:IIO.U.

Late statistics show that a Spaniard lives less than two-thirds as long as a Norwegian. The average duration of life is, in Norway, 50 years; England, 45; Belgium, 44; Switzerland, 44; France, 43; Austria, 39; Germany, 39; Italy, 59; Bavaria, 36; and Spain, 32. , A PLANET BEYOND NEPTUNE. The probable existence of a large planet be- yond Neptune was pointed out by Professor George Forbes a quarter of a century ago. His theory was based on the orbits of comets, but he has since noted perturbations of Neptune that seem likely in a few years to give a good idea of the position of this unknown body.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SUN'S CORONA.

The brightnes4 of the corona, or ring of light encircling the sun, was measured by M. Charles Fabry during the total eclipse. He found the light of a point a twentieth of a degree from the sun's edge to be equivalent to about 720 candle-power, or a little more than a fourth of the brightness of the full moon. The sky near the uneclipsed sun is 2,000 times as bright.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTILLING GOLD.

Gold tittl*been easily distilled by M. Henri Moissan in the electric furnace, its boiling point being higher than that of copper but lower than that of lime. In a cold tube, the vapour con- densed partly in the form of moss gold, partly as microscopic crystals, the general properties being those of finely -divided gold. In alloys with copper and tin, the gold distils over last. On distilling an alloy of tin and gold, a purple of cassius is obtained in the dry way.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PHYSIOLOGICAL ZERO.

The physiological zero, or the temperature that seems to the human body neither warm nor cold, has been investigated by M. Maurel, a French physiologist. He immersed his body in baths of air and water of various temperatures, and has brought out the surprising fact that the unfelt temperature is considerably below that of the skin, or between 86deg. and 91deg.Fahr. A bath having our own temperature gives us a sen- sation of heat—a curious fact, due to the action of the heat-regulating mechanism of the body.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
A USEFUL LITTLE INSTRUMENT.

The "Association des Industriels do France" has awarded to a Chicago Company a prize of 600 fr. and honourable mention for a device known as the "Electroscope," which should prove valuable to linesmen and all workmen whose business it is to handle " live " wire or other conductors likely to be carrying high ten- sion current. The Electroscope, says the Maga- zine of Commerce,. is a simple instrument. It consists of a plain glass tube, mounted on a handle, and carrying inside of it a silver indi- cation leaf connected with its hermetically- sealed metal cap. When this cap is presented to a " dead " conductor from which the current has been cut off the leg lies flat in the tube. Should the conductor contain a dangerous poten- tial, the silver leaf will at once stand up. The degree of a potential of an unknown current may be approximately judged by the distance from it at which the leaf will indicate danger, since its action may be studied at any time on known currents. A blown fuse may be discovered by trying it on each side of a primary fuse-box. The instrument Li made in two sizes—the pocket size in a light aluminium case, and the station' size in a strong wooden one for use in the tool- box.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW ELECTRIC SIGNAL.

The fact that wires of all kinds passing unpro- tected through tunnels soon become (defective, owing to the atmospheric conditions to which they are subjected, says the Great Western Rail- way Magazine, often entails the making of special arrangements. For some years the wires passing through the Ledbury tunnel to a distant signal at the Hereford end „gave trouble, to obviate which an electric signal has been intro- ducecl. The' signal is controlled from the signal- box at Ledbury Station by a lever in the locking- frame, and when required to be lowered for the passage of a train the signalman reverses the lever in the usual manner. Instead, however, of pulling a wire, the operation has the effect of closing an electric circuit between the signal-box and the signal, in which there is at the signal a small electro-magnet, which is, thereby, ener- gised, causing it to attract an armature and set in motion a small motor, which, in turn, runs the arm to the "all right" position in about ten seconds. As soon as the arm is in this position a switch is automatically opened, cutting off the battery from the motor, but maintaining current through a second electro-magnet, the function of which is to hold a c:...tch securing the signal in the "all right" position. When the lever in the signal-box is returned to its normal position the electric circuits are opened, the catch holding off the signal-arm is released, and the arm then , returns to the " danger " position by gravitation. The motive-power for working the signal is ob- tained from a 15-volt primary battery, consisting of, about eighteen Edison-Lelanot cells, contained in the lower portions of a box formed by the base of the signal.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
"CONSERVATION OF MATTER."

_ The law whieh has been called "the sheet anchor of chemistry" is considered by Sir Oliver Lodge, the famous scientist, to be still an hypothesis—a "reasonable hypothesis" is the term he uses in his volume "Life and Matter." The law in question—that of the conservation of matter—means, observes Sir Oliver, that in any operation, mechanical, physical or chemical, to which matter can be subjected, its amount, as rneastired by weight, remains unchanged; BO that the only way to increase or diminish the weight of substance inside a given enclosure, or geometrically closed boundary, is to pass matter in or out through the walls. Such i. the law of which chemistry makes so much and which Sir Oliver finds far from self-evident. He writes:

"Its statemerit involves the finding -- of a -Pro- perty of matter which experimentally shall re. main unchanged, although nearly every other property is - modified. To superficial observation,

. . NOTHING IS EASIER THAN TO DESTROY MATTER: When liquid—when dew, for instance—Levapo- rates, it seems to disappear, and when a manu- script is burnt it is certainly destroyed; but it turns out that there is something which may be called the vapour of water or the 'matter' of the lettor, which still persists though it has taken rarer form and become unrecognisable. Ulti- mately, in order to express the persistence of the permanent abstraction called • matter' clearly, it is necessary to speak of the ultimate atoms of which it is composed and to say that though these may enter into various combinations, and thereby dis- play many- outward forms. yet that they them- selves are immutable and indestructible, constant in number and quality and form, not subject to any law of evolution ; in other words, totally unaffected by time,": At this point, observes /Sir Oliver, if we ask for the evidence on which this generalisation is founded we have to appeal to various delicate weighings conducted chiefly for practical pur- poses .by chemsits, and very few of them really directed to ascertain whether the law is true or not: •

EXPERIMENTS IN WEIGHING.

"A few such direct experiments are now, in- deed, being conducted with the hope of finding that the law is not completely true; in other words, with the hope of finding that the weight of a body does depend slightly on its state of aggbregation or on some other physical pro- perty. The question has even been raised whether the weight of a crystal is altogether in- dependent of • its aspect: the direction of its plane of cleavage with reference to the earth's radius; also whether the temperature of bodies has any influence on their weight; but on these points it may bo truly said that if any difference were discovered it would not be expressed by saying that the amount of matter was different, but simply that ' weight ' was not so funda- mental amid inalienable a property of matter as has been sometimes assumed; in which case it is clear that there must be a more fundamental -property to .which appeal can be made in favour of constancy or persistency or conserva-

===== 0002601_19060224_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
MEASURING INERTIA."

• • _ •

„. I Now the most fundamental property of matter known. we are told, is undoubtedly inertia. The law of conservation would there- fore come to mean that the inertia of matter is ; constant, no matter what changes it undergoes. 1 But inertia is not an easy property to measure-- very difficult to measure with great accuracy. It is iu practice nearly always inferred from weiaht: and "In terms of inertia.” Sir Oliver goes on to say. "the law ot conservation ot matter cannot be eoz:siclered really an experi- mental fact. It i. strictly speaking, a reason.. able hypothesis."

===== 0002601_19060224_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 24, 1906.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
£5OO IN CASH PRIZES! • FIRST PRIZE 10(:). Ten Prizes of £lO each, Twenty Prizes of £5 each, Fifty Prizes of £2 each, And One Hundred Prizes of £1 each. ALL YOH HAVE TO CO to win one of these substantial Cash prizes is to solve this puzzle, and say what you think of NIKPLIIE TOILIST SOAP. The Twelve Pieces here shown, when cut out and pasted together, will make a correct drawing of a Tablet of EMPIRES TOILIsT SOAP, which la, without doubt, the finest toilet soap ever offered to the public. Anyone may compete by purchasing a sixpenny Tablet, which may be obtained from the leading Grocers and Chemists. The Puzzle, with full particulars, will be found on the inside wrapper of cvery Tablet, and only puzzles cut from the actual wrappers are eligible in t;lis competi• Lion. Neatness of construction will be taken into consideration. The competition closes VIIIIRUARY 28, 1906 and the awards of the Directors must be considered final. If unable to obtain our Toilet Soaps in your district, send six stamps to-day for full-sized tablet to the Secretary. BRITISH EMPIRE SOAP CO., LTD., 36, to 40, Broad St. House, London, E.C.

Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1 fli (56 pill;) ,4 2;9 (108 pills).

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY AND

BY ZISING- d YIAINGTON ; EDINBURGH COFFEE ESSENCE.

FIRE PROTECTION

of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on ,EXISTING Arrangements.

WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS:

NERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, ?LC,

===== 0002601_19060224_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Always look for—

SALE

NOW ON PRICES GREATLY REDUCED.

MEND YOUR OWN BOOTS, HARNESS, &C. "AWL-U-WANT."

PRICE.

Complete with Thread and extra I3ent Awl. post ree I 4. from

YOUNG, :LES NEW ROAD, SALFORD

L E 1 TERPRE SS Pl 3 INTING FOR

PROGRAMMES FETES, CONCERTS TEA PARTIES SOIREES SERMONS H4LS MEETINGS &c., tr.c PROMPT DELIVERY, PRICES REASONABLE, AUCTIONEERS CATALOGUES, ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. REPORTS AND BALANCR-SHEETS,

-.se:u . -. --er"."-,44•1i n-!-'' ',-,v----1,1tr.; .3, IJ;., • :- . „:-;. ?,#.,.., - ,ti 14' JOHN - 83 ECCT

===== 0002601_19060224_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
PAMPHLETS, TRADE CATALOGUES, AND GENERAL PRINTING

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or wittern on b.ue, white or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VIoITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLAKS in the neaten evle, trom modern type, and ottbe best workmaesbtp.

pROGRAMMEA for Entertainment-, Concerts ac., in the latest artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

_ S ICK, RECEIPT, an :.ÜBSCRIP lON BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

RANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

fIYMN PAPERS for Schools, Se:mons, services of song. Festivals. etc.

CATALOGUE! or Public and Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen. -

pRICEI LISPS Printed on curd or paper Illue trsted, if required. •

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

DANCES: CONCERTS. BAZAARS. fdEETINGS. SP ORTS. TEA PARTIES.

SERVICES, ANNOUNCEMENTS.

Attention Is invited to our NisW FOUNTS OF TYPE 'and WOOD LETTER tor Large Posters. • FOR ALL KINDS OF NEAT POSTERS EXTRA LARGE SIZE, 40 x 60 One Sheet.

POSTERS OUR SPEtIALITY.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING.

- OF EVERY DESCRIPTION IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. JOHN WALKER & CO. EXAIIINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON

'TELEPHONE NO, 355 Y.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
The Colu.mbia.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
st

Circles

Paz RirLIABLZ. ARTICAAS. 1/IFURNISH ill AT dr) CI IV 1, MANCHESTER 1 PITTS'S Rouses of Furgifore. I • At 154. 221. 281. 55.1. 50. 75. • 100, tap to 1.000 Otallteae. iMel rewsgided=e7garetil7ligcel. - PITTS'S FURIIISRUIO CUIDE I CcetaLcaa POO &Wipe, priced, wad thews ' it aCr tow to savuoste 50 per prtceTali; Iquoted. aCZtt 10 per cent. extra. I THE BEST OF ALL FOR INEAi: AND VALUE ARE • CARPETS I • AND JANOS: LONDON - OAD . *LA —lOl---ia'--7AN-40--J •

'PITTS'S STOCKTAKING

===== 0002601_19060224_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS' TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

_ Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

Lord Roberts and National Service. Sir,—As president of the National Service League, I am anxious to remove any misconceptions as to the attitude of that body and to place before the public a definite outline of its policy. The objects of the National Service League are. generally :-1. To ensure peace and security for the British Empire by organising our land forces in such a manner that we may not only be able to defend successfully any portion of the Empire against attack, but also that the strength of our defen- sive arrangements may render any attack improbable. 2. To improve the moral and physical condition of the nation, and thereby to increase its industrial efficiency. With a view to attaining these two objects, the League advocates that, subject to certain exemptions to be defined by law, including those necessary to pro- vide for the requirements of the navy and mercantile marine, every man of sound physique, without distinc- tion of class, shall be legally liable during certain years of his life to be called upon for service in the United Kingdom in case of emergency. In order to fit him for his duty he shall be legally obliged to undergo three or four months' military training when he arrives at the military age. This limited amount of training can, however, only be effective if as much military instruction as possible has been given to all boys previous to their reaching the military age. Such instructional training will, more- over, have a beneficial effect on the moral and physical .condition of the population at large. For this purpose the League recommends that the spirit of patriotism and duty towards their country should be instilled in all boys in all schools by the teachers. This is already done in some of our colonies, in the United States, and in several Continental countries. Universal physical training of a military character, aud instruction in the use of the rifle, should form part of the curriculum of all schools ; and in the case of boys who leave school before eighteen the continuation of this training' up to that age, in cadet corps, boys' brigades, and similar institutions, under State super- vision. The League recommends encouragement of rifle clubs, and the enl.eavour to make rifle shooting a national sport. With regard to the auxiliary forces, the League desires it to be clearly understood that its proposals, in the matter of universal training,are not intended to dis- courage the patriotic exertions of those who have given or are giving their voluntary services to the country. It fully recognises the self-sacrifice they have shown, and believes that they have done much towards teach- ing the nation a true sense of the duty that every man owes to his fatherland. While holding that the only real solution of the problem before us lies in the adoption of universal military training, the League will heartily co-operate in any steps which, consistently with this end, will increase the efficiency of theauxiliary forces. The League, therefore, advocates the adoption of all measures which will improve the military efficiency of the existing auxiliary forces and at the same time pave the way for their inclusion in a system of universal military service for home defence. With that object it urges the organisation of these forces in brigades, divisions, B:c., with the Accessary staff and equipment, as an indispensable first step towards their being able to take the field as a mobile force in the absence of the whole or the greater part of the reguhr army. I appeal to all who are in sympathy with the League's proposals to give it their practical support by enrolling themselves as members ; and I urge all existing mem- bers to renew their efforts to gain recruits and to form branches. At the same time I invite those who may not be in accord with the whole programme to give their assistance towards the early realisation of any of the proposed measures with which thevconcur.—Yours, Ito ERTS, F.M. Dace House, Victoria-street, S.W., February 16th.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. MARY'S DRAMATIC SOCIETY. Successful Performances in the Parr Hall.

The members of the St. Mary's Amateur Dramatic Society are to be congratulated upon having added another success to their highly creditable record. It speaks volumes for the enterprise and ability of these enthusiastic amateurs that they have given genuine pleasure to large audiences at the Parr Hall this week and at the same time rendered much needed help to one of our most worthy institutions—the District Nursing Association. The piece selected for production—" AB that glitters is not gold "—is a drama of the very orthodox type.lt is of more than usual interest however, as the whole theme turns on the inter-twined fortunes of people connected with the Lancashire cotton industry. Old Jasper Plum is a successful cotton spinner who has worked his way to a position of indepandence and is determined to cultivate "society " methods. His son Frederick is a ready convert to the new mode of life and his marriage to Lady Valeria Westendleigh gives unbounded joy to the proud parent. His brother Stephen—a typical Lancashire lad—will have none of the new-fangled notions and mortifies his father by announcing his intention of marrying Martha Gibbs, a factory hand. From these circumstances quite an exciting plot is evolved. A crafty villain in the person of Sir Arthur Lassell appears to mar the happiness of all concerned but, o‘course, his designs are thwarted in the end, the truth of the adage which forms the title is strikingly brought home, and the curtain is rung down on the usual joyous sequel. The homely character of:the drama appeals to many people and the creditable manner in which it has been presented has fully jnstifted the selection. The circle from which the Society can draw its talent is naturally somewhat restricted, but the organization has within its ranks some accomplished amateurs who have fully entered into the spirit of the play and have won golden opinions. The cast is as follows : Sir Arthur Lassell Sir George Collinge Mr. A. Wickham Jasper Plum Mr. S. Ryan Stephen Plum Frederick Plum Toby Twinkle Harris (Footman) .James (Footman) Lady Leatherbridge Lady Valeria Westendleigh Martha Gibbs Lady Mary Miss Ada Bradshaw This Hon. Lady Willett Several of the performers have figured with some success in previous productions and quite maintain their reputations. First honours undoubtedly go to Mr. C. J. Newton who is thoroughly at borne in the role of Stephen Plum, the plain, large-hearted Lanca- shire spinner. His conception of the part is wonder- fully good, and the naturalness of acting is indeed pleasing. As old Jasper Plum, Mr. S. Ryan, a favourite at these entertainments, scores another notable success. His assumption of the obsequiousness with which the retired manufacturer receives his distinguished guests is excellent, and he is equally impressive in the more serious vein of the father anxious that his son shall uphold the honour of " The Plums" by marrying well. Mr. W. F. Turner is well placed as Frederick Plum and fully rises to the occasion in the trying final scene. An unpopular part is that of Sir Arthur La.ssell, the cool calculating villain, and it is due to Mr. H. Burke to say that his portrayal is a well studied and satisfactory one. Mr. if. E. Murray is irre- sistibly mirth-provoking as Toby lwinkle and is accorded a full share of the audience's appre- ciation. The important role of Martha Gibbs is entrusted to Miss Delia Gleeson who fully realises its dramatic possibilities and infuses the necessary toucheS of pathos into her portrayal. Miss Cissie Sexton's impersonation of the winsome but weak-willed Lady Valeria is very -praiseworthy while Miss Annie Marron comports herself with fitting dignity as Lady Leitheridge and interprets the varying moods of that personage with fine effect. The various minor parts are creditably sustained. As a curtain-raiser the farce "The Boots at the Swart' is well presented and creates no little amusement. The parts are fulfilled by the following : Mr. Henry Higgins Mr. F. Eckersley Mr. Frank Friskly Peter Pippin Jacob Earwig (The Boots) Miss Cecelia Moonshire Miss Emily Trevor Miss May Kenny •Miss Sally Smith Miss Nellie Bradley Miss Betty Jenkins Miss Annie Stirrup Each evening an enjoyable selection of music is given Mr. R. Whittield's orchestra. The work "behind the scenes " is carefully superintended by Mr. A. Price, while Mr. S. Ryan discharges the duties of property manager. Theplays will nab!) he performed this (Friday) even- ing and the closing entertainment will take place on Saturday evening.

CORNS CURED IN SIX HOURS. By Heath's Magnet Corn Cure. IIIaILURIEIS NEVER reeeuß, NO PAIN. Ask for HEATH'S MAGNET CORN CURE, an invention that has never failed in a single instance ; a triumph in painless and rapid corn curing. Price, 7d.; double nnantity Is. Sold by all chemists, or post free from HEATH BROTHERS, Wholesale Druggist, 3, filackfriars-street, Xanchester.

Llolf is not a game well adapted for boys. Boys ought to inn, and golf does not involve running. Boys, in their leisure time, do not like to think, and golf, if it is to be played as well as the gifts of eye and muscle permit,involves a good deal of thinking.A bov, if he is a good golfer,is generally what we should 4ml' rather of the " old-fashioned" kind—older than his years.—Horace Hutchinson ittV The Observer."

===== 0002601_19060224_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-:

. '

===== 0002601_19060224_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
TREE PLANTING AT STOCKTON HEATH.

MR. WHITLEY AND THE PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.

Lively Discussion.

The question of the planting of trees at Stockton Heath, Wit* again under discussion at the meeting of 1 the Runcorn Rural District Council held on Tuesday.At the previous meeting the question was considered and referred to the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee who ofter a long debate empowered the Council's surveyor to act .as adviser to the Tree Planting Committee and to say where trees should be planted. On Tuesday Mr. WHITLEY said it would be remem- bered that when the question was previously raised at the District Council meeting as no one seemed to be inclined to move a resolution he said he was prepared to propose that no trees be planted on footpaths in Stockton Heath which were of a less width than eight 1 feet. His action on that occasion had been criticised 1 in a most ungentlemanly and unchristianlike manner, not only by the members of the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee but by other gentlemen whom the Committee saw fit to bring to their meeting to heap abuse upon his character.He was not going to deal with those gentlemen that afternoon but he would like to ask his colleague (Mr. Hallows) a few questions.At the meeting of the Stockton Heath Parochial CommitteeMr.Hallows suggested that the newspaper reports of the discussion at the Council meeting only gave a small idea of the "wild and rambling statements" which were made. He added that he was astonished at some of them as various statements which were made were absolutely untrue. He would ask Mr. Hallows what were the rambling state- ments which he made and which of them were abso- lutely untrue? Not content with that Mr. Hallows must write a letter to one of the Warrington papers in which he said "I made no remark either for or against tree planting. I. only tried to correct some of the mis- statements and to have the matter referred to the Parochial Committee. This course was strongly objected to by one of the members who for some unaccountable reason wished them to deal with the matter in a most drastic manner on the information sup- plied by him without, consulting the Parochial Committee in any way. This on a motion by me and seconded by Mr. Linaker was objected to and the matter was referred to be dealt with in the proper quarter." He asked Mr. Hallows what were the objec- tions? What was objected to by him (Mr. Whitley) at the District Council meeting? Mr. Hallows said at the last District Council meeting "I think the matter should be referred to the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee who are the most concerned in the matter. I Complaints have been made about Mr. Whitley's shop where many-a-one has tumbled over obstructions placed on the footpath." (Mr. Pilling: "Hear, hear,' and laughter.) He asked Mr. Hallows to be kind enough to give him the names and addresses of persons who had tumbled over obstructions outside his shop. (Laughter.) With respect to the tree planting itself no member present could say he had ever voted or in any way influenced a member of the Council to vote against any- thing for the interests of Stockton Heath. Complaints had been made to him very frequently as a representa- tive of Stockton Heath about the manner in which the trees and especially the iron guards had been put upon very narrow footpaths. The police, the post- men.the lamplighters and the road-men had complained. The inhabitants generally had complained and he under- stood that both their Surveyor and the County Council Surveyor had remarked that the footpaths were entirely too narrow for trees to be placed upon them especially with the objectionable guards. In Warrington trees had not to be planted upon footpaths less than ten feet in width and in Stockton Heath he only asked for eight feet in width. When he suggested that he was asked if all trees on foothpaths of a less width should be removed. He replied " certainly not" but added that in most cases arrangements could be made with property owners and the Manchester Ship Canal Company for the trees to be placed outside the roadway altogether. Mr. Hallows said that apparently he and Mr. Whitley had two ways of watching the interests of Stockton Heath. He coatended that even then they had no right to discuss' the question at that meeting. They had a local Parliament at Stockton Heath, subservient to the District Council, and when that Local Parliament did anything wrong it was their place to call that body into question. Mr. Whitley had no right to bring the matter there at all but should have taken it before the Parochial Committee of Stockton Heath. _ _

Mr. \Woodward : Pardon me but you are entirely wrong in that. Mr. Hallows: I think the natter should be thrashed out by the Parochial Committee and then brought here. Mr. Whitley: Trees were being planted and if the I surveyor had only attended to his duty he might have prevented these trees from being planted. Since our last meeting scores of trees have been been planted upon narrow footpaths without authority from our surveyor. Mr. Woodward: Is that so Mr. Swinton? Mr. Swinton : Trees have been planted without my authority. Mr. Hallows said it we understood by the Tree Planting Committee that Mr. Swinton should not see e^ery tree planted but should exercise a general super- vision. That general supervision had been given. Mr. ‘Vhitley said trees had been planted on footpaths three feet wide. He asked that those footpaths should be mimed. Mr. Whitley : I said three feet only was left after the trees had been planted. . _

Mr. Hallows : Mr. Whitley also said money was got to plant trees in gardens and on the banks of the Ship Canal. That is not correct. Mr. Whitley asks for the names of persons who have tumbled over obstructions outside his shop. I have not tumbled over them, but I know people who have done, and will give him a few names if be will give me the names of the hundreds of people who have complained to him about the planting ,of the trees. Mr. Whitley also said that no trees had been altered. That was another " fib," because trees had been altered at that very time. He ought to he very careful before he makes statements to see that the statements are correct. Mr. J. H. Davies thought that the Council had done wrong in delegating its powers in respect to tree plant- ing to the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee. They refused to delegate similar powers to the Frodsham Corn mittee. Mr. Whitley rose to answer Mr. Hallows, but was ruled out of order by the Chairman. Mr. Woodward said he would like to make it clear that the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee had no right;whatever over highway matters. It was not the custOm of the Council to delegate its highway powers to any committee. They had refused to do so for Frodshom and he took it that every parish within the district %mild be dealt with on exactly similar lines. ' Stockton Heath must not expect to be treated any other way. Mr. Hallows : They do not. Mr. Woodward continuing said that the Parochial Com- mittees must remember, and the important members of the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee must remem- ber, that the charge for the highways was distributed over the whole area of the District Council. That being the caso it would not be proper to delegate to them the powers over the highway. Mr. Hallows : They recognize that and asked per- mission in a proper manner. That permission was kin fly granted and nothing would have been said had it not been for a letter from a gentleman in Stockton Heath who was a non-ratepayer.Continning said that judging from the amount of the subscriptions the majority of the inhabitants of Stockton Heath sup- ported the tree planting scheme. The tree planting committee being only human had made mistakes and were already making certain alterations. It could not be expected that they would see everything at once but they were trying to meet everyone as far as it was possible. Mr. Turner : Who gave permission for the trees to be planted ? Mr. Woodward : Rarrnisliont was given here for the planting of trees in situations satisfactory to our 1 surveyor. Mr. Hallow : How is it that in Ellesmere-road, belonging to the County Council, where the footpaths are exactly the same width as thoSe in Fairfield-road, nothing has been said about the planting of the trees? Mr. Woodward: We are not administering County Council roads here. if the County Council make mis- takes it'is no reason why we should follow in their foot steps. Mr. Whitley said that the total area (including War- rington) for which subscriptions had been raised con- tained a population of 75,000, and yet Mr. Hallows was under the impression that the raising of £270 represen- ted that the majority of that population were in favour of Oka scheme. "Only last week," continued Mr. Whit- ley, " a gentleman hurried into our place of business and asked if I was in. He was informed that I was not, and said 'There is a gentleman who has just run against a tree guard and smashed his nose, and is bleeding there.' The following evening a lady came into my place and said her husband had torn A very valuable umbrella upon the spikes at the top of the guard." Mr. Hallows : We have not had a chance of rectifying these things. Mr. Linaker : Mr. Hollows has not exactly answered Mr. Whitley's questions, therefore I think we can leave the two gentlemen to fight it out alone, especially as both are capable of defending their respective corners. (Hear. hear and laughter.) What I want to say is this: I read the newsnaper report of the meeting of the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee with a considerable amount of interest and I must say I know of nothing which took place at this District Council meeting a fortnight ago which called for the remarks made by a certain Mr. 11. J. Westbrook. I don't know the gentleman but he is evidently a very frothy individual and wanted to let off some steam. The remarks made by our chairman instead of being a reflection upon the ParocialCommittee were I'think complimentary.We are desirous of keeping on good terms with the various Parochial Committees but such remarks as those made by Mr. Westbrook are not calculated to do so. That was especially so when he said they would tolerate the District Council so long as it suited them, distinctly foreshadowing the fact that

===== 0002601_19060224_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

.1;

===== 0002601_19060224_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 24, 1906.

it was the intention of the Committee to go in for urban powers or to become swallowed up by Warrin„vton. If they can do without the District Council I can inform Mr. Westbrook that the District Council could do without them. Continuing Mr. Linaker contended that Stockton Heath was treated very fairly in the matter of the highways. He moved "That the District Council regret that a member of the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee should have gone out of his way to reflect upon the District Council as such remarks are not conducive to friendly relations between the District Councii. and Parochial Committees."

Mr. Wright seconded. Mr. Hallows : I felt that an injustice was being done to our chairman and that his remarks were being misunderstood. That was the reason why I wrote the letter to the paper. The resolution was unanimously approved. In answer to Mr. Hallows, Mr. Swinton said mistakes had been made by the Tree Planting Committee and the positions of trees had upon his suggestion been altered. Mr. Whitley : What is the width of the narrowest footpath between the guards and the fence? Mr. Swinton : Four feet six inches. Mr. Pilling : I thought two feet would have been nearer the mark. The discussion was then allowed to drop.

At the Liverpool Assizes,before Mr. Justice Grantham on Wednesday, Alicia Drury (35), of no occupation, and Beatrice Waterworth(37), needlewoman, were charged with having at Warrington, on or about October 19, 1904, concealed the birth of the latter prisoner's child by secretly disposing of it. Mr. Foard prosecuted, and Mr. Madden and Mr. Alfred Elias defended the prisoners who pleaded not guilty. The facts of the case have already been published in the "Examiner" in connection with the police court proceedings.

THE JUDGE INTERPOSES. After hearing evidence, the judge was supplied with a cony of the statement made by old Mrs. Drury to the Chief Constable of Warrington before the Police Court proceedings. An officer, on his lordship's direction, had been despatched to Warrington for the document. His Lordship referred to a statement in the deposi- tions of the mother-in-law taken before the magistrates to the effect : " Tarn sure she (theprisoner Drury) said she took it (the child) into the other room and strangled it," and compared it with the statement taken down by the Chief Constable. In this latter statement the mother-in-law said : " I think Alicia Drury said, •S‘ I strangled it,' but lam not sure." His lordship went on to quote some passages which had been interpolated by the Chief Constable in the statement as follows : "I am not sure of any of Alicia Drury's words being the exact words used by her, but they are as near as my memory serves me. I am sixty-one years of age. My son committed suicide on the 25th September, and I have not been the same in mind since, I have brooded over it night and day. I have been very depressed, and still am depressed." His lordship said he could not discover when these passages had been interpolated. They were written in the margin. He felt he must comment very strongly on the way the Chief Constable had done his work. He ought to have had proper paper on which to write out such a statement. It was most iniquitous, too, that the state- ment had been kept back. It ought to have been brought out before the magistrates as to what the mother-in-law's feeling was. Mr. Foard remarked that anything his lordship said would receive duo consideration. The Chief Constable was ill, and was unable -to attend the trial that day. His Lordship said that might be, but it was no excuse for what he had done. Mr. Madden said the prisoner Waterworth was in bed when the child was buried in the pantry. She had nothing to do with the disposition of the body,although she was told of the burial afterwards. The other prisoner. Drury, had been deceived by her husband, and refused to touch the child of shame. The whole pro- cess of burial was carried out by Alfred Drury. Counsel asked the jury to believe that the prisoners had suffered enough already in endeavouring to protect the man who had betrayed both of them, and to say that the case for the prosecution had not been made out. "A VERY SERIOUS MATTER." Reverting to the mother-in-law's statement taken by the Chief Constable, the judge said it was a very serious matter that it should not have been forthcoming at first. He had only succeeded in getting possession of it after a great deal of trouble. There was in that document information which would have thrown doubt on the case from the first, and it was quite probable that the magistrates never would have committed the prisoners if it had been brought to their attention. The words which he had laid stress on had been put in at the side of the document. He did not know when it was written—for the ink was different and the hand- writing was somewhat different. He was sorry to have w to say it, but he ne l know anything done soim- properly before.

VERDICT. The jury immediately returned a verdict of" Not guilty," and prisoners were discharged.

The Sequel. The Chief Constable Explains and the Judge Withdraws. At the Liverpool Assizes, on Thursday morning, Mr. Madden asked the permission of Mr. Justice Grantham to refer to the Warrington case which was before the Court on the previous day, in which his Lordship had censured the Chief Constable of Warrington (Mr. Talbot) for what he described as "improper conduct." He (counsel) had said in the course of his remarks to the jury that, from what he knew of the Chief Constable, he was a fair-minded man, and would treat justly those who were placed in his charge. Inquiries had only served to emphasise that opinion. A great deal of pain had been caused to the Chief Constable by the remarks of his lordship, and with the object of vindicating him- self he had attended the Court that day in order to give an explanation to his Lordship. When he had the state- mentsof old Mrs. Drury before him of the previous day his Lordship expressed the belief that the handwriting in the body of the document was different to the hand-, writing of the marginal note. That was quite right. On the occasion when the statement was being taken down the Chief Constable happened to turn from Mrs. Drury to his subordinates, and during the few moments that elapsed the woman took the document and herself r wrote the marginal note to the effect that she was not I sure that'Alicia Drury's words, as she had already stated them, were her exact words. His Lordship had con- sidered it iniquitous that this statement was not brought I prominently for ward at the Police Court. If it was not it could not be said to be the Chief Constable's fault. He had discharged his duty when he had taken the state- ment down, and as to the prosecution he had nothing further to do with it. The judge asked in whose possession the document was when he sent to Warrington for it.. Mr. Madden replied that it was In the possession of the Chief Constable, who would give an explanation. The Chief Constable had felt this matter very keenly, and had written to the solicitor who defended the prisoners in the police Court. In the spirit of fairness which the Chief Constable bad displayed he had shown this statement to the solicitor for the defence at the Police Court. He also showed it to the prosecution,but it was not put upon the depositions. The letter sent by the Chief Constable to Mr. Steel, the solicitor for the prisoners, was to the effect that he was gratified at the result of the assize trial, but he was astounded beyond measure at the remarks of the learned judge concerning himself. Prom the first he had great doubts as to the criminal responsibilities of the two I women, and he was against the committal. Knowing I Mrs. Drury the elder to be unreliable, he kept the rough draft of the statement by him. He had suggested that this statement should be attached to the deposi- tions, but he was over-ruled by the prosecuting solicitor and the magistrates' clerk. After twenty-seven years police service this was the first adverse comment the Chief Constable of Warrington had received from the bench. On the other hand, he had been complimented many times—on two occasions by Mr. J ustice Grantham, The Chief Constable (Mr. Luke Talbot) was called into the witness-box.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. Rugby Football. [By " Ovalist."]

Batley again! Warrington seem fated to run up against Batley in cup-ties, and up-to-date their record against "the gallant youths" makes rather melancholy reading. Twice have they met Batley, once in the semi-final, and once in tho final, ;and on both occasions Batley won. Now the third time is at band, and let us hope that—like Warrington's third appearance in the final last April —it will pay for all. The Northern Union Cup draw has destined Warrington to go to Batley in the first reund,a visit which involves a struggle few teams care to face. Previously Warrington and Batley have met in cup-ties on neutral ground, but Warrington have won once at Batley in a league match while they have generally trounced them at Wilderspool. Oh ! for the shadow of the church spire once more !

Warrington should, however, send no trembling fifteen to Batley on March 3. The prevailing opinion in the town is that "the wirepullers " will win. Batley are far from being the team of old, while War- rington have advanced in recent seasons and never had so many competent players on their register as now. It is unfortunate that some of the cracks are injured, but a team should be available for the open- ing round which will be strong at all points. The " gallant youths " have only won five league matches all the season, against Warrington's 14 victories, so that the preponderating skill should be on Warring- ton's side. What they need to overcome is the Batley doggedness, and in the last few cup-tourneys they have shown themselves possessed of a considerable share of this quality themselves. Batley at home is unquestion- ably a" hard nut "but I, shall have faith in Warring- tons ability to crack it. ,

-- The draw for the first round of the Cup Competi- tion was made on Monday at Huddersfield and resulted in the following clubs being opposed, the first-named having choice of ground : Dewsbury v. Hull Kingston Rovers. Leeds v. Normanton. Featherstone Rovers v. Brookland Rovers. Pontefract v. Oldham. Halifax v. Hunslet. Swinton v. Leigh. Batley v. Warrington. Roch-dale Hornets v. Salford. Broughton Rangers v. Barrow. York v. Wigan. Egerton v. Chadderton or Leigh Shamrocks. Victoria Rangers v. Widnes. Brighouse Rangers v. Morecambe. Hull v. Runcorn. Egremont or Parton v. Keighley. Wakefield v. Bradford.

Lancashire has been rather severely dealt with by Dame Fortune, for Oldham, Warrington, Wigan, and Runcorn have all to go to Yorkshire, while not a single Yorkshire club has to play in Lancashire. In three other cases Lancashire clubs are opposed to one another. Still, the County Palatine may be relied upon to have a good showing in the next round.

It may interest some of my readers, and settle a few disputes, if I give particulars showing how far War- ringt6mhas progressed in the Cup Competition since it started, together with the names of the clubs they eventuAlly succumbed to. In 1897 they were beaten in the semi-final at Huddersfield by ,Batley 6-0; 1898, beaten at Wakefield in the first round, 5-3 ; 1809, beaten at Oldham in second round, 14-0 ; 1900, beaten at Rochdale in the third round, 3-0 ; 1901, beaten in the final at Leeds by Batley, 6-0 ; 1902, beaten at Warrington in second round by Bradford, 11-0 ; 1903 beaten at St. Helens, first round, by 3 goals to a try, 6-3 ; 1904, beaten in the final at Salford by Halifax, 8-3 ; 1905, won the Cup by beating Hull Kingston Rovers at Leeds, 6-0.

• Warrington's performance last Saturday 17'vas very disappointing. The team which went to Hull was by no means a poor one, and a defeat of 13 points to nil was not expected. The Rovers have thus beaten the Cup-holders twice since the final tie and doubtless feet well-pleased with themselves. At Warrington they were somewhat lucky, but on Saturday there was no doubting their superiority. The Warrington for- wards again played a very. robust game, but Clere was , only one team in it behind. The Rovers ran and passed splendidly and owed much of their success to the work of Dan Rees at centre, the international pro- ducing his best form. West was very mart on the wing, and obtained all three tries, Kenyon having little change of stopping him. Where Warrington's combination has gone to is a puzzle. The men operating at three- quarter ought to be capable of a better understanding considering their football abilities. It really seems as if there will be none of the old running, passing and scoring until the old firm of Fish, Isherwood, Dicken- son and Harris are at work once more. Fortunately they are all recovering, and should be seen together before the season is out.

Among the Warrington men, chief praise is due to Berry who played a magnificent defensive game at full back and earned high praise .from the Hull people. True he was robbed by West for the first try, but he could hardly be blamed. The half backs also played smartly, Hockenhalll being ever to the fore, but the handling broke down badly in the third line. Here Rees and Phipps quite overplayed Taylor and Jones. The latter is hardly class enough for senior company and requires some development of speed and dash to carry his ideas into operation. Hard work on the running path in the close season would do a lot towards bringing him out.

There is no chi:taco of seeing Warrington at borne before March 10th when Wigan are the visitors. To- day they go to Barrow, on Tneiday to Braiford, anti on March 3rd to Batley.

The League table up-to-date is as follows : For. Agst. Per.

I P. W. L. D. P. G. T. P. G. T. P. centage Hunslet 24 19 5 03851 52 258 14 25 103 7916 I Leigh iOldham 29 21 6 24142 82 330 20 16 88 75.86 Halifax— 26 16 4 63832 43 193 19 22 104 731)7 Bro'ton R 23 16 6 13337 77 305 22 33 113 71.73 Hull ICH 27 13 7 23830 44 192 31 28 140 70•37 Keighley 22 15 7 03031 52 218 19 28 122 68.18 Runcorn Bradford 2l 15 7 23235 63 277 26 27 133 66•63 Hud'field 2l 13 6 22825 44 182 14 23 97 66.66 Leeds Wigan Salford 24 13 8 32932 54 226 22 18 93 6015 St. Helens 21 12 9 02428 44 188 22 28 128 57.14 , Swinton 22 11 10 12323 30 133 19 28 122 52'27 !Warrington 28 14 13 12931 44 200 24 31 156 51.7 S Wak'fleld T 2410 10 42432 32 160 26 41 175 5000 Hull ' York 2l 911 119 27 22 120 27 38 168 39.50 Pontefract 22 813 11725 31 143 27 37 165 38.63 ; Brainley 18 511 21212 11 57 25 43 179 33133 Dewsbury 27 718 21614 23 97 31 46 200 2962 Barrow 22 615 11311 25 97 42 69 291 2914 Batley 2l 515 41424 14 90 33 35 171 29.16 Widnes l9 413 210 615 57 19 39 155 26.31 Castleford l5 311 1 .7 11 7 43 33 59 253 2313 Rochdalen 23 216 5 912 23 93 25 61 233 1916 Brighouseß 21 316 2 811 18 82 32 62 250 1901 Normanton 18 214 2 6 5 5 25 23 46 191 1616 Millorn l6 213 1 513 12 62 j 3 71 299 15.62 Morecadnbe 17 214 1 511 21 85 1)8 53 215 14.70

- The points are two for a win and oae for a draw. The percentage is calculated upon the basis of the total points possible.

Though Hunslet still head the competition table, it is long odds on Leigh ultimately gaining the chain

===== 0002601_19060224_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE JUDGE WITHDRAWS.

His Lordship, addressing Mr. Talbot, said he had no doubt that in the past he had performed his work well. The letter which he had written to the solicitor for the defence showed that he did all he ought to have d ) no, and so far as his (the judge's) comments on the previous day were concerned he had much pleasure in withdrawing thorn entirely as far as the Chief Constable was concerned. He however,left his remarks where they were with the exception that he did not attach the Chief Constable's name to them. The case was more extraordinary- now than ever it was, and it only showed how careful judges ought to be in doing what he always tried to do—to get to the bottom of every- thing. He never know a case in which there had been greater necessity for closer investigation before the magistrates than in that case. There was not the slightest reference in the depositions to the statement, and there was not the slightest suspicion that such'a document existed. There was everything in the case likely to create a miscarriage of justice, and the extraordinary part of the thing was that there had been a committal at all. If he (the judge) had known of the existence of such a document at first he would have directed the grand jury to throw out the bill. The Chief Constable said he had begged that the statement should be put on the depositions in both the coroner's and the magistrates' court. He did not want a committal for he knew prisoners had been persecuted, and were the victims of intense malice. Mr. Talbot I finally returned thanks to his Lordship for having cleared his reputation.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTER FROM THE CHIEF CONSTABLE

a A Drama of Misunderstandings." To 'film EDITOR, " EXAMINER." Sir,—Will you permit me to refer briefly in your valued columns to the singular circumstances under which in the case of Rex v. Drury and Waterworth at Liverpool Assizes, His Lordship, Justice Grantham , (through a misapprehension) passed on my conduct a censure as emphatic as it would have been deserved had I been guilty of the mal-practice attributed to me. The learned Judge called it" iniquitous." I should describe such enact even more strongly and term it "criminal." a form of criminality which of RII others I hold in abhorrence, viz :—the suppression or distortion of evidence affecting grave issues to accused persons. Humbly and heartily I concur with the learned Judge's abstract condemnation—its particular application to myself was. when I appeared before him on the follow- ing day, withdrawn as thoroughly, publicly and unequi- vocally as it had been uttered. With new light on

matters his Lordship turned his censure into a compli- ment with that rare grace, tact and frankness so characteristic of this eminent Judge. I trust it is no presumption to make the latter observation. This fortunate culmination was led to by the energy, ability and good feeling of nay friend Mr. Steel (solicitor), jointly with the lucid eloquence of Mr. Madden (counsel for the defence), whose address to the jury for the accused is despribed as the oratorical feature of this Assize. Havidg heard him nest day in a few powerful sentences dispel the foul miasma which had for some hours wrapped ray unhappy but innocent head, lam quite ready to believe that this compliment was no flattery. To these two gentlemen acting :spontane- ously on my behalf, from their sense of honour and fair play, I feel most deeply indebted. I must also thank Mr. Starkey, of the Town Clerk's department, who also worked hard to put the wrong right. For myself I blame no one—feel bitterly towards no one—in the matter. It was a little drama of mis- understandings in which (willy-nilly) I was cast for the role of " Villain," but as it did not run more than one night (a sleepless one), I content myself with musing upon the axioms—slightly altered—" All's well that ends better," and "A Policeman's lot is-1 bit mixed." Thanking you in anticipation, I am, Dear Sir, faithfully yours,— _

LUKE TALBOT, (Chief Constable.)

===== 0002601_19060224_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Board of Guardians.

A meeting of this Board was held on Wednesday under the presidency of Mr. A. J. Jolley. There were also present—Mrs. Clay, Mrs. Wilkinson, Miss Broad- bent, Rev. Dr. Mercer, Messrs.G. Thompson, S.Davies, G. Mather, M. W. Seton, R. Flannagan, Vook, R. Forshaw, S. ;%tton (assistant clerk), J. F. twbery (master) and A. Wright (superintendent of i'xlgate schools). The assistant clerk informed the Board that two recommendations of increases of salaries to officials would be placed on the agenda for the next Board meeting. Miss Broadbent said she desired through the Press to thank the tradespeople who had been most generous in their support of the Brabazon sale of work. A good sum had been realized by the sale of tickets and they were much indebted to Mr. Awbery for his valuable efforts.—The assistant clerk announced that the annual audit of the acczunts of the Union would take place on March 12th. He formally laid before the Board the estimates for the half year ending September next which will be fully reported upon at a future meeting. We understand that the estimates show a decreased deficiency as compared with the previous half- ydar of from £l,OOO to This is equal roughly to a reduction of id. In the rates of the Union.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL TO PIECES.

"All to pieces." This is a form of complaint we often hear of—the system out of condition, temper uncertain, so that the slightest irritation gets on the nerves, rest- less, no appetite,no sleep that is refreshing. Now what is wanted is something to pall you together. Get Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, and you will soon find that it will pull you together and that you will be all right again. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters will do you good, for it contains every- thing necessary for fighting wasting disease. There is no doubt about it. Only taken in time, it will ward off many serious illnesses. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters strengthens that part of the system which is weakest or has been weakened by disease, and therefore more liable to colds and their attendant ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters purifies the blood, and stimulates the circulation. Gwilyn Evans' Quinine Bitters assists and promotes digestion,and improves the appetite. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters braces the nerves and fortifies the muscles. Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters rouses the sluggish liver, and thus enlivens the spirits. Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters removes all impurities and obstructions from the human body. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters gives tone to the whole system.

There is no secret about Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. Only Dame Natme's secrets to be found in Sarsaparilla, Burdock, Gentian, Lavender, Saffron, and Dandelion, Scientifically combined with a suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose. Far and wide spread the blessings or Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the World's Tonic for Suffering Humanity. the Best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion. Weakness, Nervousness,Lbss of Appetite,Low Snirits,Sleoplessness, Chest Affection, and Influenza. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is entirely vegetable, and contains no mineral substances which give future pain and trouble.

Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is equally adapted to all ages and conditions. Thousands have been pertnan- ently cured by Gwilyra Evans' Quinine Bitters when all other remedies have failed. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters gives strength to the weak, health to the sick, and enjoyment of lite to all. Do not be persuaded to take any substitute for Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, but in your own interest, and for your own self-protec- tion, see that the name " Gwilym Evans" is on the Label, Stamp and Bottle, of indignantly refuse any Label, Stamp and Bottle, and indignantly refuse any preparation offered as a substitute for it. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles 2s, 9d., and 4s. (id. each everywhere, or will be sent, carriage free, on receipt of stamps, direct from the Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters :\fanufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South \Vales.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19060224_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
boys and girls ought to have some form of Bible teach- lug he would be prepared—until the country was ripe for the only real and logical solution of the whole difficulty —to say Amen to what the Bishop ofCarlisle so distinctly advocated. If their Anglican friends would only take the same view as that held by theßishop of Carlisle, then for the time being at any rate,the .religions controversy would be stayed. At the same time compromise was never a safe solution of any difficulty, and if a com- promise was arrived at they must remember it would only be temporary, and that sooner or later a fair, full , and final solution would be demanded, and to him the only logical solution, as he had said, was the absolute secularisation of the schools. That would mean that teachers would not be compelled to teach what some of them did not believe ; that the schools would not only be completely under State control, but that their teaching being free for sectarian controvery and bitterness would become more and more efficient; that men and women, whether Catholic or Protestant, would have equal opportunity in the schools of the people and, he hoped it would mean that the churches would see that religion was a spiritual thing and that they and they alone were specifically called to minister in the things of the Lord not only to men and women but to boys and girls as well. (Applause). A considerable discussion ensued in which the opinion was expressed (by Mr. Griffiths) that the secularisation of the schools would be dangerous as it would lend to an increase in atheism, and, by several members, that a solution of the question was to open the schools during certain hours of the day for religious instruction, to be given by the clergy, the attendance of the teachers and of the scholars not to be made compulsory. Replying to the discussion Mr. Matthews said that when the Clergy claimed the schools as their property they were not strictly correct. Many of the schools could not have been built without the aid of Nonconformist contributions and moreover large grants had been received from the State to aid in the building of tie schools. They must remember that the Anglicans and the Roman Catholics did not want facilities for denom- inational instruction to be given after school hours. They wanted religious instruction be given at the expense of the State, in State schools, and in State time. He ventured to suggest that the present position of secularism in England and the hostility of a great number of men to religion was largely due the cast iron creeds which they were compelled to learn in their childhood. Their intellects as they had grown to man- hood had refused to be, cribbed, cabinecl and confined by those creeds, the teaching of which was very largely in the hands of Anglican and Roman Catholic Churches,. It was because those things had been drummed into them as boys that many had altogether revolted against religion later in life. He ventured to think there would be nothing like the amount of secularism which mani- fested itself to-day if the Bible were to be abolished from the schools and the Churches themselves rose to, the occasion and to the effective discharge of their important responsibilities and used their persuasive powers to inculcate their various religion tenets in the minds of the people. The religion train- ing of the nation ought to take place in the home, the Sunday school, and the Church. The first and the essential principle of Free Churchrnanship was that the State had no right to interfere in any way with religion Let them get that principle rooted and grounded in the minds of the people and they could expect for religion a free and fair course and when the people saw that religion was absolutely dissociated from anything in the nature of compulsion or force it seemed to him that they would accept it for what it was and if it spoke of truth, freedom, and goodwill, would use it for those purposes for which it was designed. (Applause). The Rev. C. L. STOWE said he must confess that to him it was not such a terrible thing as it was to many to take the Bible away from the schools altogether.. The burden of religious instruction should rest upon the shoulders of the Church and the home. (Applause). The meeting closed with the pronouncing of the Benediction.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
On March 9th sir. Metcalf will deliver a lecture to the Auxiliary on " Cromwell."

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Preachers for Sunday.

===== 0002601_19060224_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19060224_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
_ Sunday School Teachers' Association - - Quarterly Meeting. -

"We, the parents of the Catholic children attend- ing St. Mary's Roman Catholic School, Warrington, recognizing that tho duty and responsibility of edu- cating our children belongs to us and to us alone, deny the right of any power to take duty out of our hands, or even to help in the discharge of it, unless this be done in entire conformity with our con- scientious convictions." He entirely agreed with that resolution. It was essentially the Nonconformist position. They all believed that their children should be trained in their own principles. They all believed that that training should be given by themselves and resented any attempt to take it out of their hands. They would notice, thac the resolution said nothing about that being done at the expense of the state. In their second resolution however the Catholics said : "We, the parents of the Catholic children attend- ing St. Mary's Roman Catholic School, Warrington, who number over 900, regarding our schools, built at the cost of enormous sacrifice, as a sacred trust to be defended and preserved intact, hereby pledge our- selves to resist to the utmostany legislation or action of the Government which takes away from Cathqlics the right to have for their children Catholic religions instruction during school hours, given by Catholic teachers only, in Catholic schools, and under Catholic management, or that would impose any but Catholic teachers on the regular staff of our schools." The crucial point of that resolution lay in the fact that those particular schools were supported by the whole body of ratepayers, received Government grants, and were still to be made a place where specific Roman Catholic teaching should be given, by specially trained Roman Catholic teachers, with a ICatholic atmosphere, and given during school hours at the expense of the state. He supposed that would be the great question with which the present Government would have to deal, and it was tie crucial point round which centred the whole of the controversy on religious education. There were practically three theories as to the kind and quality of the training which ought to be given to the boys and girls in our schools. The first was that advocated by their Roman Catholic friends and a section of the Anglican clergy who held that even- though schools might be under popular control the atmosphere of the schools should be essentially the , atmosphere of the Church under whose trust deed the particular schools existed, and that the religious teachiug shouldlbe:theteaching of that particular church. There was the second theory, held by a large body of Nonconformists and held also by a large body of Angli- cans that in schools under public management the teach- ing should be purely Bible teaching—teaching on the basis of the Oxford and Cambridge local examinations in that particular subject : The third theory was to have absolutely no religious teaching at all. He wanted to ray to their Anglican and Roman friends at the time was not far distant when willy-nilly they would be compelled to recognize that it was both inequitable and unjust for anything in the nature of denominational teaching at the expense of the whole body of rate- payers or of the State, to be given in the schools of the State. He ventured to suggest that it was equally unjust for what was called interdenominational or undo- nominational or purely Bible teaching to be given at the expense of the State. He was aware that on that point he differed from a very largo number of the Non- conformists but it seemed to him that it was just as much inequitable to give purely Bible teaching at the expense of the State as it was to teach the more formal and complicated theology of the Roman Catholic and Anglican Churches. Two of the prin- ciples for which they as Free Churchmen existed were that it was not the function of the State to interfere with religion and that it was not the function of the State to teach 9,ny one form or any particular forms of religion and if seemed to him inyiew of those principles very unjust to teach any one form of religion. Someone said" What about the poor children? If you don't teach the Bible in the schools there are hundreds and thousands of boys and girls who will never hear of Jesus Christ; who will know precious little about God and whose characters therefore will not be strengthened and nourished." He recognized the serious- ness of the difficulty. But was it a reason why the State should give distinctive teaching, even though parents were safeguarded by the con- science clause, just because thousands of chil- dren would not have religious teaching at all? He ventured to suggest that for the Chnrat to allow the State to undertake religious training, or for the Church to have made it possible for the question of religious training or the absence of religious training to be raised at all was to permit a kind of libel to be launched against her good faith, her ability and her organization. If it came to the question unless the State taught the children hundreds and thousands would not receive any religions education, then, he said, so much the worse for the Churches. But he refused to believe that that was the only alternative. They had their massive Free Church organization ready to- morrow to step to the front and to bring all its forces to gather the children together at specific times and in specific places to receive regular and systematic Bible instruction. He was inclined to think that if their Anglican and Roman Catholic friends per- sisted in their demands to keep in their own hands the management of their schools and to create in them, at the expense of the ratepayers, an atmosphere of the pa:Similar Church to which they belonged, then there was nothing for it but to secularize the schools altogether. That to him was the most logical and the most consistent as well as being the best solution of the whole difficulty, for it would at one rem aye fro a the spheretof the elementary school all sectarian controversy and bitterness. That he ventured to think would be a great gain. For not only would the educational efficiency , of the schools be vastly improved but it would be a far happier augury for religion. It would help to promote the unity of churches and would cause them to strain every effort to increase their organization where neces- sary Si) that there would be no boy or girl throughout the land who did not receive districtinr(eeildigiocuiserignsytrauncd- ' Hen. But there were still fair ni Bishops who rather than have purely secular instruction given in the schools, were prep mad to advocate un- denerninationall teaching. The Bishop writing to " Times " suggested two alternatives—Secularism and nnclenominational education supplemented, he hoped one or more mornings every week by facilities for denominational instruction. He (Mr. Matthews) most cordially accepted the latter alterna- tive. While he did not, believe in religious instruction in the schools, for the sake of those who believed that

!"4''' •

Wycliffe Church, 10.30 and 6.30, Rev. J. Yong°. I3ewsey-road Wesleyan Church, 10.30, Rev. J. Gunnell ; 6.30, Mr. F. Ashton.

,v. William

, o.ou, _ Bold-street Wesleyan Church, 10.30, Mellor; 6.30, Rev. J. Manning. Golborne-street Baptist Church, 10.30 and 0.30, Rev. H. Dunnico.

... Latchford Baptist Church, 10.30, Rev. J. F'. Matthews (" The incarnation of flippancy") ; 6.30, Rev J. Matthews 1" The magic of Christ's leadership").

Bold-street Wesleyan Church. There were good congregations at the services at this church on Sunday. In the morning the Rev. Sidney Pitt (superintendent of the circuit) preached from the words "Come unto Me all ye that labour." He was assisted in the conducting of the service by Hr. W. Hickman. The Rev. A. C. Parker was ' the preacher at the evening sera'. ce.

Wycliffe Church. The Rev. John Yonge presched at both servicos al Wycliffe Congregational Churc i on Sunday. In the morning his subject was " Jesus, the voice of God and at the evening service be spoke on "The challenge of the gospel." There were good congregations. Baptist Church, Golborne-street. The church anniversary services were held on Sunday when the pulpit uns occupied morning and evening by the Rev. Robert Black of Wigan. Mr. Black's dis- courses were listened to with profound attention by large congregations. In the afternoon a special service vvas held presided over by the Rev. J. S. Hughes, of Hill Cliffe, and the Rev. R. Black delivered an address. Miss Fairhurst gave two solos and violin selections were contributed by Mr. Watts. Mr. Dunnico will preach both morning and evening on Sunday next and in the evening will deliver a special sermon on "A young man's religion."

- On Monday evsning the members of this Association, held their quarterly meeting in St. Ann's Schoolroom, Dannett-street, the Secretary (Rev. W. Pollock Hill) presiding. The Rev. J. Davies spoke upon "The Holy Land." He exhibited a number of very interesting photographs, the subjects including : "Ploughing," "Gathering in the tares," "The barley harvest." "The threshing floor," "How corn is measured," " Graining of the Corn," "The shepherd's flock,"" The sheep fold,' "The Sea of Galilee." "The Sepulchre" and "The inside of the Sepulchre." The Secretary announced that there was a balance in hand of 75., but after all the subscriptions had been paid in, the balance would be greater. He was very pleased to say that the Associ- ation had paid its way with subscription at 2s. 6d. quite as well as it did previously when the amount was s. (Applause.) A collection was taken in aid of the funds of the Association.

Warrington.—Printed and publshed by JOHN WALKER , & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Worker Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNES 32, George-street. ST. LIELIVS: 3, Market- street, EARLESTOWN3 Church-street RUNCORN Feb. 24th. 190 G,

Guild Sunday at Bawsey-road. Special services were large in Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church on Sunday the day being observed as Guild Sunday. The preacher throughout the day was the Rev. C. H. Hocken, of Liverpool, a former and popular mi.iister of the Warrington Circuit, who at each service addressed largo congregations. A musical service was held in the afternoon at which there was a crowded congregation. Alderman TisNrox, who presided, said he was exceed- ingly pleased that the Wesley Guild had so far pro- gressed as to see fit to have services entirely dedicated to it. He believed it was an institution which did a great amount of good and was deserving of the heartiest sympathy and help of them all. Before the establish-- ment of the Guild the link was missing which should connect Methodist children from the Sunday school with the Church, just at the age in the lives of the young people when such connection was most necessary. At a critical age in the lives of their children things were left to chance. There was nothing to help them to continue their association with Methodism, but by the formation of the Crili ld that difficulty had ceased to exist. The Guild deserved their heartiest support. because it provided the missing. link and took charge of the spiritual and moral welfare of their boys and girls, and also took in hand another departineat which was often too much neglected—the very proper in en t itsandw a aunthealthy w as recreation,one of those Recreation was in life in which the Church, in his opinion, ought to take a stronger and a more leading part. During the time he was in \Farrington, Mr. Hocken took an active interest in the Guild, and paid special attention to the social side with considerable success. Appreciating the value of the Guild, he was very pleased to take the chair that afternoon, and to do what little he could to stimulate the work on that department of Methodism. The Rev. C. EL HOCK, who was accorded a warm, reception, spoke upon the common conception of God. The general idea was, he said, that He was something of the nature of a schoolmaster and a magistrate. A huge director who wanted to keep them right and a magistrate to punish them if they went wrong. The Bible taught them to say " Our Father "end it was necessary that people should anihilate the old idea and enter more into the spirit of the prayer. During the afternoon about thirty prizes were distri- buted to Mr. Ljpson's bible clas9 by Mrs. Hocken. The ' anthems " Christian, the morn breaks," "There is a land of pure delight," and " Come unto Him" were- creditably rendered by the choir, the soloists being the ' Misses Mason, Adams, Leicester, Hipkiss and Evan", The anthem for male voices, "Remember me "was ale' well rendered by the tenors and basses of the choir The collections for the day, which were in aid of th Guild funds, amounted to .ClO Os. 10d.

-ev. -hews J. F.. I. , services .e morning the circuit) de all ye that ducting of the t. C. Parker was A. at both servicos ad on Sunday. In the .8, the voice of God " Jk-e on "Tire challenge Jcl congregations. ,olborne-street. vices were held on Sunday ad morning and evening by f Wigan. Mr. Black's dis- with profoend attention by the afternoon a special service by the Rev. J. S. Hughes, of ,v. R. Black delivered an address. two solos and violin selections I Mr. Watts. Mr. Dunnico will g and evening on Sunday next and in ,eliver a special sermon on "A young ,nool Teachers' Association Quarterly Meeting. y evening the members of this Association Auarterly meeting in St. Ann's Schoolroom, .reet, the Secretary (Rev. W. Pollock Hill) . The Rev. ,J. Davies spoke upon "The Holy He exhibited a number of very interesting aphs, the subjects including "Ploughing," ering in the tares," "The barley harvest." "The sing floor," "How corn is measured," " Graining le Corn," "The shepherd's flock,"" The sheep fold,' se Sea of Galilee.' " The Sepulchre" and " The ' side of the Sepulchre." The Secretary announced Jat there was a balance in hand of 75., but after all the subscriptions had been paid in, the balance would be greater. He was very pleased to say that the Associ- ation had paid its way with subscription at 2s. 6d. ; quite as well as it did previously when the amount was ," :is. (Applause.) A collection was taken in aid of the 'a' funds of the Association. on- st as Guild Sunday at Bewsey-road. .t the more Special services were large in Bewsey-road Wesleyan Roman Church on Sunday the day being observed as Guild ,he prin. Sunday. The preacher throughout the day was the Rev. existed C. H. Hocken, of Liverpool, a former and popular of the mioister of the Warrington Circuit, who at each service was not the addressed largo congregations. A musical service was orm or any held in the afternoon at which there was a crowded to him inview congregation. ny one form of Alderman T INNION, who presided. said he was exceed- poor children? ingly pleased that the Wesley Guild had so far pro- ,nhoola thero are greased Ft 3 to see fit to have services entirely dedicated ,irls who willnever to it. He believed it was an institution which did a mw precious little great amount of good and was deserving of the heartiest erefore will not be sympathy and help of them all. Before the establish- mognized the serious- ment of the Guild the link was missing which should it a reason why the connect Methodist children from the Sunday school Give teaching, even with the Church, just at the age in the lives of the aarded by the con. young people when such connection was most necessary. in thousands of chil- At a critical age in the lives of their children things sigions teachin. at all? were left to chance. There was nothing to help them at for the Chnrat to allow to continue their association with Methodism, ,ligious training, or for the but by the formation of the Guild that possible for the question of difficulty had ceased to exist. The Guild deserved i 4 absence of religious training their heartiest support, because t provided the missing. to permit a kind of libel to be link and took charge of the spiritual and moral welfare good faith, her ability and her of their boys and girls, and also took in hand another came to the question unless the departmeat which was often too much neglected—the .dren hundreds and thousands would social element and healthy recreation. Recreation was .gions education, then, he said, so very proper in its way, and was one of those phases in or the Churches. But he refused to life in which the Church, in his opinion, ought to take was the only alternative. They had a stronger and a more leading part. During the time he 1, reo Church organization ready to. was in \Farrington, Mr. Hocken took an active interest to the front and to bring all its forces in the Guild, and paid special attention to the social f the children together at specific side with considerable success. Appreciating the value specific places to receive regular and of the Guild, he was very pleased to take the chair that Able instruction. He was inclined to think afternoon, and to do what little he could to stimulate r Anglican and Roman Catholic friends per- the work on that department of Methodism. .leir demands to keep in their own hands the The Rev. C. El. HOCKEN, who was accorded a ant of their schools and to create in reception, spoke upon the common conception of God. j , the expense of the ratepayers, an atmosphere The general idea was, he said, that He was something of ,r paySicular Church to which they belonged, then the nature of a schoolmaster and a magistrate. A huge was nothing for it but to secularize the schools director who wanted to keep them right and a magistrate '‘ ether. That to him was the most logical and the to punish them if they went wrong. The Bible taught., , them to say " Our Father "rind it was necessary that t consistent as well as being the best solution of the I ale difficulty, for it would at mile rem )ve fro the people should anihilate the old idea and enter more into,heretof the elementary school all sectarian controversy the spirit of the prayer. .nd bitterness. That he ventured to think would be a During the afternoon about thirty prizes were distri- buted to Mr. Upson's bible close by Mrs. Hocken. The tl great gain. For not only would the educational efficiency I , anthems " Christian, the morn breaks," "There is a 4of the schools be vastly improved but it would be a far happier augury for religion. It would help to promote land of pure delight," and " Come unto Him" wero. at the unity of churches and would cause them to strain creditably rendered by the choir, the soloists being the : sin every effort to increase their organization where feces_ Misses Mason, Adams, Leicester, Hipkiss and Evanw -14 a sary so that there would be no boy or girl throughout The anthem for male voices, "Remember me "was alsi, . had I the land who did not receive district religious instruc- well rendered by the tenors and basses of the choir tion. But there were still fair raindnd Clergy and • The collections for the day, which were in aid of th should Bishops who rather than have purely secular instruction Guild funds, amounted to .ClO Os. 10d. erns it I given in dale schools, were prep Lred to advocate un- others I denornivationall teaching. The Bishop writing Warringion.—Printed and publshed by JOTTN WALKER "‘") liStOrtiOn to" Times " suggested two alternatives—Secularism & Co. at The Examiner General Printing Works.. persons. and unclenomivational education supplemented, he B ewsey-street, and published by them at the same red Judge's ; hoped one or more ruornings every week place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road ' Jplication to Iry facilities for denominational instruction. He (Mr. WIDNES: 32, George-street. ST. HELENS: 3, Market- m the follow- ! Matthews) most cordially accepted the latter alterna- .. cly and unequir tive. While he did not, believe in religious instruction street, RARLEsTowN; Church-street RUNCORN, Feb 24th._ new light on in the schools, for the sake of those who believed that 1900. 0..t4,44iA;;, 44f014..' I it

===== 0002601_19060224_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION IN DAY SCHOOLS. THE NONCONFORMIST ATTITUDE.

THE REV. J. F MATTHEWS AND THE SOLUTION OF THE DIFFICULTY.

A lengthy and vigorous address on the Education question was delivered by the Rev. J. F. Matthews at the meeting of the Warrington Young Free Churchmen's Auxiliary, which was held on Wednesday evening at the Bold-street Wesleyan Chapel. The Rev. C. L. Stowe presided. The Rev. J. F. MATTHEWS said he was delighted to see that Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman in his address on the King's speech, referred to the question ot educa- tion, when he said the patrons of the present system. were as much responsible for the religious controversy in connection with education as those who protested against it. He would venture to change one word in the Prime Minister's remark, and say that the patrons of the present system were more responsible than those who protested, and protested with so much force against it. Even since the early part of the 19th Century, when an attempt had been made by the Government to introduce a national system of education, the Bishops and the Clergy of the Anglican Church had fought against it except where a national system had been associated with the teaching of the Church of England. The whole of the controversy on the Educa- tion question was complicated by the question of its association with the teaching of religion or theology. It seemed a great pity that in England we had not yet realised that religion was spiritual and that the per- suasive enforcement of its principles should be left to the Churches and that the state schools should not have their usefulness threatened by a controversy as to what particular form of religious teaching should be given therein. In his judgment the whole question of the religious education of children was not a parent's ques- tion but a parson's question. He said that advisedly and respectfully though with some degree of reserva- tion. No body of people in England as yet asked that in the elementary schools their children should be taught, at the expense of the State, those specific prin- ciples for which their particular church stood. He mad 6 a reservation in respect to that statement as he noticed that the Roman Catholic parents of Warrington had passed some very strong resolutions. The first was:

===== 0002601_19060224_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFA CHURCH, BRWSEY STREET, wARRINGToN. BUNDky FRBRITAity 26T0, 1906. PREICHF:k : RRV. J. YONG% 10.30 Wl', USUAL OFFRRTORIRS.

BOLD ET RP,IT wES LEY AN CHURCH, AFRINGTON ON SONDAY. FRRTMART 25113 1906. At 10,"40 11Pv. WM. WILLOH. At 6.30 Rev. J. MANNING. All Welcome. Hymn Rooks provided. BAPTIsT cHrrEcH, LATCHFOR.D, (SVNPAYI, 111313ROARY 25th 1906. B"• JOHN FRANCIS MATTHRW. Monslian 10 'lO. Subject "The Incarnation nt Flippancy." Eyclitaci S. Eubject "The Mule of Christi' Leadership." OPFIFIR7 ORM.

BAPTIST CHURCH , °MAY/TINE STREET, stnonAy PEXT. VPIIRITARY 25. CHUEOE ANNIVERS PllgAntEn : 111117. HERBERT PUNNIOO. Morning, 10 45 : livening, 630 : HEARTY WELCOME TO ALL. ALL SEATS

BEW E Y ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGrON. ON SUNDAY NEXT, FRBRUARY 25th. 1906. AT 10.31 Rev. JOHN GUNNELL. AT 6.30 Mr. F. ASHTON. All welcome. Hymn Books proyttled.

DOPULAR CONCERT. BOLD STREET SCHOOLROOM.—TO-NIGHT (SAVIRDAY). AT 7,30. Tag AsTisTito Iwa.unic, MISS ORUIRSIIANK. MISS M. GANDY MR. HUGHES & R. W. II OWAUD. HANLEY'S CoNOBRTINA BAND. ADMISSION ONE PENNY, GALLERY TWOPENCE.

- WARRINGTON JUNIOR LIBKRAL ASSOCIA- TION. MONDAY EVENING NEXT, FEBRUA.RY 26TR, AT 7 45. AT GREGORY'S CAVIL BUTTERMARKRT ST. "BRIM? BIOGRAPHIES" by the Biography Committee. HAROLD GRAY. H. W. GUEST. f

POOR CRII DREN'S SUMMER CAMP. THE APOLLO PRIZE MALE VOICE CHOIR WILL GIVE A GRAND CONCERT Ix AID OF THE BUILDING FUND. IN THE ASSEMBLY P.OOll, HALL CAFE, STOCKTON HEATH, ON TUESDAY EVENING NEXT, FEB VTR, AT 7.45 P.M. ASSISTED BY WELL-KNOWN ARTISTES AND THE LYRIC PRIZE QUARTETTE. - Front Seats, 2s. 6d. ; Second Seats, is. ; Li-nited Number Back Seats, 6d. Tickets from Mr. FRANK SPENSLEY. at the Hall Cafe. ARTHUR if. LEE, Hon. Treasurer. W. H J. JENKINS, Hon. Secretary. ALL ROADS LEAD TO THE PARR HALL. TO-NIGHT (SATURDAY). FEBRUARY 24TH. LAST PERFORMANCE. " ALL THAT GLITTERS IS NOT GOLD." POPULAR ADVICE; " DON'T MISS IT." A FINE PLAY WELL PLAYED. WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. . THIRD SUBSCRIPTION CONCERT AND LAST OF THE ST" ASON. PARR HILL, URSD4Y NEXT, FiCB. 27TH. 1906. MISCELLN EOUS PROGRAiIMR. INCLUDING STANFORD'S "TEE REVENGE." BRAHdra RHAPSODIB FOR ALTO SOLO, MALE-VOICe CHORUS & ORCHESTRA, TsCHATKOWSKY'S " CASSE NOISETTE" SUITE, MX BRUCH'S VIOLIN CONCERTO 411 fa Miner, Part-Songs, etc. Pay. _Es or AADVIsiiMIEONNT_EDR.3O.eRryCeEdEDSTZA. Seats, Body of Kasll. 6s. ; Reserved Centre Gallery and Second Reserved Seats, 13 Unrer saryslY °t BR". 3s. • Reserved Side Galleries, 2s. ; cDfoollaellop 7 aneana 13pear,tms,enBaat Gallery, is. 6d, ; Back Seats, Body Tigket-h old.i 5 P Concert 7.45 p.!3. Carriages 10.15 p.m. ers admitted by E 7 Early Door at pm. PLAN OF RESERVED SEATS now open at Messrs. EIjARS°N and PAYTON'S Ltd., 95, Bridge Street, L. W. REYNOLD': C. P. GOUGH, Hon. Treasurer, Hon. Secretary.

pkRE lIALL.—THIJ RSDA NEXT, MARCH 16T. 19C6. A GRAND LECTURE ON " DANIF,L O'CONNELL, WBAT HE BID FOB CIVIL AND RELIGIOUS LIBERTY," WILL BE GIVEN BY WILLIAM MADDEN, ESQ., E.L., WITII LIMELIGHT ILLUSTRATIONS. APPROPRIATE MUSIC AND SONGS 13Y WELL-KNOWN LOCAL ARTISTES. THE CHAIR WILL By TAKEN BY A. H. CROSFIGH,D, Esq., H.P. )oors open at 7.30 p.m., to commence at 8. Plan for Reserved Seats.(ls. 6(1.)on view at Messrs. Pearson and Payton, Ltd., 75, Bridge Street. ADMISSION Is., AND 6D. H. G. HEARNE, Holy. Sc. ONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY. HORSE SHOWS LONDON. CHEAP RIXCURSION lICRETS si,lll be Datied FROM WARRINGTON (Bank Quay) TO LONDON (Huston) as under TUESDAY MORNING 3 Feb, 27th, March 6'h and 13th for 2.0. 4, 5.7 or 8 days. TUESDAY NIGHTS Feb. 27tb, March 6th and 13th, for 1, 2,4,6, or 8 days. DUNSTAI.I. PARK RACES. On MONDAY MAROH sth, Cheep tickets will be issued from VI/Arrington (Hank Quay) to Wolverhampton for one day. FIRST ROUND oF THE NORTIIRRN UNION CUP. WARRING TON VERSUS BATLEY. On SATURDAY March 3rd. a Special FAST Half Day FaeurCon will be run from Warr 'noon. (Bank Quay and ArLder) to Ilit'ey at 12.55 p.m. For further particulars as to times fares and conditions see small bills which may be obtained at the stations. FRBDKRICK H A.RRI*ON. General Manager. Ruston Station, London, February 1976.

WARRINGTON PERMANENT BrNEFIT 13111LD1190 SOCEISTY.-190TI0R IS HEREBY GIVEN that the ANNUAL MEETING for passing the accounts and electing Officers for the ensuing year, Will be held in CAIRO ST REET SO 001... at 8 o'clock, on Tuesday Evening, February 27 —Dividends will be paid at the Secretary's Office on Saturday March 3rd from 10.30 a.m. to 12.30 p.m. and from 2to 4 p.m. A. If. OLIVE, Secretary. 6, Fp- pt Street, Warringtvn. ORE CROSFIELD dr SONS LIMITED, 4} PER CENT A. DEBENTURE STOCK. The TRANSPER nooES OF THIS COMPANY relative to this Issue WILL BR CLOSED from the 1710 to the 28th Pebrnary Instant (both days inclusive) for' the purpose of Preparing and tainting Dividend Warraet3 doe March lit. (-igned) J. H. NYARDLE, Secretary. Warrington, February 16th, 19C6. THE RICHMOND GAS STOVE AND METER co. vro.—Noncw IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the 411RUAL, oRDIN s.RY GENERAL MEETING OF THE ... of the above Company will be held 'o', the offices of the Company. Academy stseet Warriwgton, on THURSDAY. the Bth day of March, 1926, at t..welve o'clock noon precisely. to receive the report of the rectors and the Accounts of the Compulp for the year "dad Deeem opr bist 1925, to declare a dividend, to appoint litor. and to transact *my other business proper to he dealt at en ordinary meeting. 'HE TRANSFER BOOM OF THE ORDINARY SHARBE Es CLOSED from the 28th February, to the Bth elusive. By order, JAS. W. SLACK, Secretary. academy et., Warrington, 28th Febru,ry, 1918.

ALLAN LINE TO CANADA & UNITED STATES SAILING 9 FROM LIVERPOOL. ,lOILIAN Halifax and St. John N.B. ...Mar. 1 vLONDA. St. John's N.F. and Halifax—Mar. 3 e Btnerlor ageommodttion for Ist, 2nd and 3rd classes. :eclat through rntes to all points. _LLAN BROTHHRS A CO., JAMES STREET. LIVERPOOL

GRAN) SUCCESS OF TOOLE'S M ANUREs. RECORD SALE LAST SEASON. GRAND MOULTS. Testimonials for this Season from all the Leading Farmers of the District. SPECIAL CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE. Analysis: AMMONIA sto 6 per cent. 'PHOSPHATH 20 to 25 per cent. PRICE .£5 per ton, Free on rails, Warrington. SPECIAL COMPOUND MANURE. Analysis: AMMONIA...-. 3 to 4 per cent. PHOSPHATIL. 8 to 12 per cent. PRICE .E 3 Per ton, Free on rails, Warrington. JAMES; TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER. WARRINGTON. Telegrams : " Toole, Warrington." National Telephone 222

ftTACDONALD'S lii4H-OLAss PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY :A. NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only'. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Tekh their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Spry set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20s. GOLD INLAY 40s. AIACDONALDS, T. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WA/M.1,36E5, DRAPER, MONDAYS, n to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S DAIRDRESIBELI WEDNESDAYS.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL 69, CHURCLU,ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M. MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY ATTENDANCE DAILY El A.M. TO 8 P.M.

p ATTEN ARMS HOTEL, WARRINGTON. LARGE BANQUET ROOM FOR DINNER PARTIES, CLUB SUPPER. SMOKING CONCERTS. WEDDING AND FUNERAL PARTIES. EXCELLENT CUISINE. MORRRATE CHARGES.

BUY A i-trALDEMAR VI ALDEMAR rIA&O FROM THE SOLE AGENT, TOSI BOOTHROYD, 9, BUFZ STREET, WARRINGTON. The tone, touch and case-work is all that can be desired, and the price is moderate.

SMOKE SUDLOW'S " OLD BOY'S" TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE Is. 7D. PER LB. TIN; 68. PER LB. T. SUDLOW & WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICS. ST., WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 414 Y.

B. WTADSWORTB, SOLB AGENT FOR THR WORLD-FAMEI) PIANOS OF JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS : 59, SANKEY-ST.. WARRINGTON.

El LOW RRS DIRECT FRO SI SCILLY ISLES 11: South or France, and prinoipal growers in Bngland oa commission at who'esale prices. McDERMOTT4 Cheapest Man Alive, Wholesale Market, Warrington.

EXPERIENCEDMaIe and Female NURSES at a moment's notice for all MM.—Apply NITR9 ES INV T MN, Hope House, Hope at., Liverpool. Telepbone 2570, Royal. Telegraphic„ address, Nurses'

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN SWIM BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALEb ,ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP EITTBIIb WHEATLEY'S f3/17G1111 BEER. To be tted in CASE or BOTTLES tooa B. CUNNINGHAM WINWICIE ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also 11%nufaotnrer of ti MASS MINMEAL WATERS in resv-etoppered Bottlts Teleoboas No. 79 STORRS. OWEN STREET

KENT & SON, JEWELLERS SINCE 176 70, DBANSGATII (opposite Barton Arcade.) MANOHICSTBB, ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE OF SPECIALITIES POST FREE op APPLIOATION.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2J- per oz. COVERLIITTS I TAILS OP ) FROM HAIR FRAMBS, PCTRR FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T 13 BROWN, 3, LIMB ST (OAR STATION). LIVSRPOOL.

1 ACCIDENTS OF AM. KINDS, ISICKNESS, iIiMPLOYBRS' LIABILITY. Timmt.AßY AND FIDELITY GUARANTSI4 RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE Co. CAPITAL (fully subecri bed) £ t,003,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,010,000 64, CMINHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary MANCHNNTHR OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented dittriets. AGENTS: Warrington qr. C. J. HOLMItS, Market Gate „ Mr. W.H. RlGDNY.Noscitffe, Vietoria-rd„Latohford St Helene Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hard:thaw-street. Iladyock Mr. J. BILLINGS The Willow.. Saucihach ....... ........... Mr. F. J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

VLASTIC STOCKINGS, Is. lid. each, post free Ali 25.; measurement forms free.—MACINTOSHES and WATER BOTTLISS repaired same day as received.—J, B. }Wows & Sews, 23, School lane (upstairs), Liverpool.

LEACH'S MARVELLOU9 PRICES.—GOOD I. • WELL SEASONED OILCLOTH 2 yards wide le. 2d. per yatd. Genuine TOUGH CORK LINO 100. per square yard. COCOA MATS Is. Ofd., ANGORA MATS 30 xl2 Is 100. Art SQUARES and CARPET SQUARES from Bs. 3d., and ail OTHER GOODS for FLOOR COVERING EQUALLY CHEAP at 24 AND 26, SHUDEHILL, HEXT To NEW MARKET, MANCHESTER. OPEN TILL 7. SATURDAYS 9.

rro BUILDBRS.—The Uommitisioners (A ILA 1 Works and Public Buildings are prepared to receive TENDRILS for the erection of a new HEAD POST OFFICE at Warrington Drawings, specification, and a copy of the conditions and form of contract may be seen on application to the Postmaster between the hours of 10 and 5. Bills of quantities and forms of tender may be obtained at the undermentioned Ordeal' on payment of One Guinea. The some so paid will be returned to those persons who send in tenders in conformity with the conditions specified below. The Oommisskners do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. Tenders must be delivered before Twelve o'clock Noon on WBDNBSDAY, 14th March, 1906,addressed to the Secretary, N.M. Office of Works, ac., Storey's-gate, London. S.W., and endorsed " Tender for Warrington Head Post Office, H.M. Office of Works, Art, 20th February, 1906.

MAHOGANY BOARDS, PLANKS, AND LOGS. WALNUT w .. ~ •. OAK ~ .. WHITRWODD „ St It ot ASH and BIRCH ~ .. Spokes Dressed and Cleft, all sizes. Coffin Oak Suites. complete with Moulds. Wide Hazel Pine Boards, 151 n. and upwards. Wheelwrights' Oak Planks and Boards. Hand-baromer, Sledge. and Pick Handles. Oak Posts, Sills, Fencing, and Mangle Rollers. Butchers' Blocks and Sycamore Planking. CHAPMAN dc CO., Broughton-lane, Manchester.

VIOLINS, BOWS AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS STRING 3 of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in frll itslhranches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Clienol)• 57, RENSHAW STREET (Corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

L' ANCASHIRN COUNTY ASYLUM, WIN W ICA, WARRINGTON .—The VISITING GOIII3IITTEE INVITE TENDER:, for the supply of the undermentioned goods, commencing Ist April next. 1 Ale and Stout 24 Leather and Grindery 2 Attendants' Uniforms 25 Linen Drapery 3 Boots, Shoes A slippers 26 Margarine 4 Brushes 27 Men's and Boys' Suits 6 Butchers' Meat 28 Mineral Waters 6 Calico A General Drapery 29 Necessaries(Matches AC) 7 Cattle Cake and Meal 30 Oils and Wax 8 Chickens Ac. 31 Paints 9 Cloth Caps 32 Paint Brushes 10 Clothing 33 Preserves 11. Coffee and Chicory 34 Provender 12 Coke 35 Provisions 13 Crockery 36 Srnallwares 14 Fish 37 50.+13 and Soda 15 Flour and Oatmeal 38 Socks and Stockings 16 Funerals 39 Tea 17 German Yeast 40 'I lather 18 Glass—English 41 Tinned Beef and Milk 19 Grains 42 Tinware 20 Groceries No it 43 Tobacco and Snuff 21 Groceries No 2 44 Tuning and Lepairing 22 Haberdashery kianos 23 Indiarubber Goods 45 Wines and Spirits 46 Woollen Drapery Tenders must be made on forms which can be obtained from the undersigned. Samples of the goods—which mast be amrding to the Asylum samples—can be se.n at the Asylum between 10 a.rn. and 12 noon, and 2 to 4 p.m on the folio ming days. viz. :--February 26th, 27th, 28th. March Ist and 2nd. Tenders must be delivered at the Asylum not later than 9 a.m. on Wednes,,ay, the 14th March. The Committee do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender, and reserve the right to accept or reject the whole or pars of any tender. By Order, 11111Nlill ELLIS, Clerk and Steward. 22nd February, 1906.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF' WARRINGTON.— PABLIAME NTARY FiLTIOTION. ITH JANUARY, 1906. The following Is a Summary of the Return of the ELEcTIriN PHNSICS of AliT4lll-t HENRY CROSFIELD Esq.. a Candidate at the above Election, which return was received by me on the 19th day of February instant EXCHIPTB e s. d Received of the Candidate EXPENDITURE— Paid to the Iteturoing Officer Personal Expenses of the Candidate 6B 12 11 Paid to the Election Agent Polling Agents l2 12 0 „ Clerks 3B 11 11 Menenvrs „ for Printing,Advertising, and Stationery 294 4 8 Postages Hire of ltooms for Public Meetings 22 6 8 „ II I. Committee iinoms 22 17 6 Miscellaneous Matters 787 9 14 And I give notiee that any voter is permitto,l to Inspect the said return, and the accompanying declarations and documents, on payment of a fee of ls. (for each return), at the Town Clerk's Office. Town Hall. at any time during Once hours within two years next after the date of the receipt of the same ky me. Dated this 23rd day of February, 1906. W ILLIA 11 BOLTON. Mayor and Returning Oflioer.

W ARRINGTON 1.) NION. --TEN DERS. —PERSONS Noru:edtaortcioenletsraf cr otmr o stein ye s Du apyp tyo 0511 ai enhya eol f. w i Le nLt the under mas nest, to be delivered tree 3f expense. at the Workhouse, or Cottage Homes situated at Padcate at such times and in Mich quantities as tne Guardians and their officers may require, are requested to send in tenders to me on or before Tuesday, March 6th, 1906. Tenders are required for Coal and Slack Groceries and Necessaries Clogs Butchers' Meat Shoes and Slippers Flour and Oatmeal Coffins Bread for Cottage Homes Brooms and Brushes Drapery Leather and Shoemakers' Drugs Necessaries Winding and Repairing Tailors' Goods Clocks Fish and Ice Wines and Spirits Chimney Sweeping. Separate Tenders must be sent for the Workhouse and Cottage Homes, and samples of the articles required can be seen at either institution. The Fuel to be supplied must be according to the specification as set forth on the tender form and quo- tations must lao made for delivery either to tho new siding adjoining the Workhouse or by cart. The quotaticn for Drugs must be as per Messrs. Woolley's price bee, tenderers to quote what percentage reductions they a‘e prepared to allow. Forms of tender, and instructions to persons tender- ing, which must be strictly complied with, or any other information, may be obtained from the Master of the 'Workhouse, and the Superintendent of the Cottage I Homes respectively. ' The Guardians do not necessarily bind themselves to accept the lowest Of any tender. By order JAMES C. SIMON. Clerk t) the Guardians, Bewsey Chambers, February, 1908.

COUNTY IjOROUGEi OF WARRINGTON.— PARLIAMENTAMIC ELPCTION, 15,rn JANUAI,Y, 1906. The following is a rummary of the Return of the ELEC- TION EXPRNSES of ROBERT PIHRPOINT. Bag.. a Candidate at the above Mentor., which return was received by me on the 19th day of February instant : RECKIPT6. £ s. d. Received of the Candidate EXPENDITURE. Paid to the Returning Officer 142 6 2 Personal Expenses of the Candidate Paid to the hlection Agent 7B 15 0 Poihng Agents Clerks Messengers „ for Printing. Advertising, and Stationery Postage'. „ Hire of Rooms for Public Meetings .• „ Committee Rooms lB 1 0 „ Miscellaneous matters 2l n 9 -- £766 16 8 And I give notice that any voter is pnmitted to inspect the said return, and the accompanying declarations and documents, on payment of a fee of is. (for each return), at the Town Clerk's Office, Town Hall, at msy time during office hours within two years next after the date of the receipt of the same by me. Dated this 23rd day of February, 1906. wiLLlpm BOLTON, Mayor and Returning Officer.

HOOPINd NUUGH. I The celebrated Oleo tua HoOPING COUGH HOOFING COUGH cure without internal medicine. HOOFING COUGH 01 ali Chemists price 4s. per bottle. Slle BRONCHITIS sr.l- Agents : W. EDWARDS St Sox, 157, Queen Vietnis. 8t1( et, London.

ARTHUR KAY & BROTHER, JEWELLERS, 2, MARKET ST., ROYAL EXCHANGE, MANCHESTER FOR GOOD VALUE IN DIAMONDS AND GEM RINGS. WATCHES, CHAINS, BRACELETS, BROOCHES. ALSO EVERY ARTICLE OF JEWELLERY AND SILVER WARE SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS WED LANG RINGS.

11. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY ST., (LEGH ST., CORNER), WARRINGTON. HIGH-CLASS TAILORING AT A REASONABLE COST. ur-TO-DATN LADIES TAILORING A SPECIALM,

TRY MARSH'S FOH HARDWARE. STORES: 53, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON. SHEFFIELD 'CUM:EY, HIGH-CLASS LAMPS, OIL-STOVES, OILCLOMS, , AND GENERAL IRONAIONGEta.

SALE. WINTER CLOTHING. GREAT RED UC lION IN PRICES TO CLEAR AND MAKE ROOM FOR NEW SPRING STOCK. MEN'S YOUTHS' AND BOYS' OVERCOATS, MEN'S, YOU ms' AND BOYS' SUITS. ALL THIS SEASON'S GOODS, AND ALL OUR OWN MAKE. ALL THIS STOCK IS ARRANGED IN OUR SPACIOUS SHOWROOMS. RARE CHANCE FOR HEADS OF FAMILIES TO INSPECT THIS STOCK FOR BARGAINS AND SCHOOL WEAR. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND \ IC), HORSEMARKET STREET WARRINGTON.

THE PUBLIC BENEFIT. BOOT COMPANY RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT YOUR PATRONAGE.. WE ARE NOW STOCKING THE LARGEST ASSORTMENT OF BOOTS AND SHOES 1 N WARRINGTON. 1:WIWI/TN LINES NEW WINTER FOOTWEAR. SEE OUR WINDOWS. dEVERYBODY CAN BE SUITED UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARR NGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERFCOL, ffitAfAls MANED AND %FEINT snwen. A I..irge Assortment of Framed Natures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, Sobool Prizes, to. Terms Moderate. A FIND COLLBOTION OP PIXOTOGNAPHB for Crystolaufn anti Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR ANT) SON. 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAW NBROKERS, el ENV BURRS, SI LT ERSMITIIS, AND DIAMOND 31 ER CITA NTS DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICIIES. 757 AT,I. TUE krIP,O MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY 07 N7EBY 77.9cm77107. 30 go 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES p any lor. ratco Old Oold and Silver Antiqves, Diamonds etc., bought or talitn In exchartira. Emmy advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, late, ac., to amount at interest strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attentlou. TELEPHONE. 20131.

• DR. J. COLLIS BROvVNE'S CHLORODYNE. INVALUABLE FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCEIITIS, A.STIIMA, NEURALGIA, • AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS. This old and tried ,remedy has !stood the test of two generations. RRFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTB. The ORIGINAL can be had of ALL CHIIMISIS if you let It be seen that you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAME: is. iii. 28. 9D., 4s. SD,. TUE PRICES

UNLBSS You Are INTBRIISTBD in the Welfare of your BABY. The following Unsolicited Testimonial has been received by the Proprietor cf NUTTALUS PEPTONISBD FOOD : Didsbury, Jan. 15, 1906. Dear Sirs,—Havlng tried your Peptonised Food for my child, which is Ihe last survivor of TRIPLBTS. I find It eac.lient food on which It thrives admirably.—Yours respect fully, LW. After trying many well-known Foods, without success, thl3 Food was ret.dned by the child, and she began to develop and gala weight. Mothers, don't hesitate, but send postcard for PEER sAMPLIS to NUTIALL'S DHPOT. 427, BC HY Nil ROAD, MANCHESTER.

SAND TO TilE MANAGER B.F.S. MANUFACTURING CO., F BOX 16, ROCHDALE, VOlt PRIOIS LIST, POST FRS'S. PURN ALL w 00(.. BLANKETS • AT WHOLBSALB Carriage pcid and delivered same day as orders received. Hotelc. Boirdicg Houses, and Charities quoted for. Buy direct, from the Mille and save profite.

A RE YOU SATISFIED WITH YOUR INCOME? DO YOU WISH TO lISCHEASS IT I CAN OFFER YOU A OAI4E INVESTMENT COMBINED WITH ABSOLUTE SECURITY, ENORMOUS RETURNS, AND CASH AVAILABILITY, RETURNING You 10 PER CENT WEDICLY. ACCOUNTS OF £1 AND UPWARDS ACCEPTED, AND I'ROFIT.I gAID EVERY SATURDAY. FOR ALL INFOICIATION APPLY TO GEORG 1,7, WALL, 8, OOSIENDE. AMSTERDAM HOLLAND.

S. FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST saop FOR REPAIRS.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE, THR/BBST AND CHIRAPBST OFFBRBD TO TUB PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5n., 10n., AND is. BD., AACII WHOLESALE ,EY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1833.

adi-anced on note of hand -m ONwlidt/.o—ntEd2elatyo. fuse.°or Triblicity. 'Distance no ()eject'. Nagy repayments.—Write (encloging stamp), W. MASSING- HAM, 35 Fawcett rd., Fouthsea.

Ki 0 PRES.—CASH ADVANCHD Promptly and Pllvately II to all Classes, from £2O and upwards, with or without security ; repayments arranged to suit borrower's conveni ence ; interest moderate; no fees.—Anvone requiring financial assistance should, before applying elsewhere, call or write or telephone to B. A. BURNEY, Canada Chataly•ra, 35, Spring-gardens, Manchester. Tel. 6,668 ; telegrams, " Descrying."

IMPORTAN C TO BORROWERS. NO ITES.—XIO to £l,OOO Advanced, on day of application, for any purpose to all classes. on simple promissory note ; no security ; terms to suit borrowers ; I w Interest ; any distance ; our straightforward dealings and easy terms are well known and recommended ; special rates for short periods ; cash advanced at twrrower's house if re- guired.—Apply In confidence, J. RING. 9, CORPORATION STEERS, WARRINGTON.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householders, on thelr own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay hack. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT 011 THE CENTRAL STATION, MANAGER JOHN E. GOOD WIN. .13,—Established at this -I,lirss Twenty Years.

LOANS °HALSTED ON THESE TEHAis £5 TO £5OO. LOAN £5 REPAY £5 12s. 6, LOAN £lO REPAY Ell ss. Od. LOAN £2O REPAY £22 10s. Dd. LOAN £3O REPAY £33 15s. Od. LOAN £5O REPAY £56 se. Od. LOAN £llO FtEPAY £ll2 10s. Od. Larger amouuts In nroportion. Call or write to W JACKSON, 70. PLYMOUT H -0. ROVE, DIAN° 11ESTR 3.

ADVANCES FROM £STO £1,000.-THIS OLD PSTABLISHED and wag known office for honest and stralghtforwas4 dealings is prepared to make ADVANCRS PROMISORY NOTE to HOUSEHOLDERS, COW- KgriFERS, FARMERS, GARDNERS and OTHERS on very reasonatde Interest. Farmers and others can rely on honest dealings. NO FEES. NO BILL OF ?SALE. NO BONIISMEN. NO PINES if hehind with payment. Only try once thus office and you will never deal with any other office. Letters promptly attended to.—Apply to the Manager J. CALVERT, °LAUGHTON CHAMBERS, ST. HELENS

ESTABLI3HED 1881. DROFFSSIONAL Gentlemen, farmers, trades- ' people,and respectable househ Aden: can have immediate AkrivanCes from :210 to £l,OOO privately, on note of hand only, at easy rates ; no tees charged ; hundreds of testi- monials to my honourable ani prompt dealings ; no gendine anplicant refuep-d ; cash advanced on all kinds of derds, stares, or any kind of security, on most, reasonable terms ; distance no object, letters promptly attended to JOHN PLETCHER, i 17, TIT').VAS RT., Shndehill, Manchester. Tel. : 922.' , VROM .£3 AND UP vv A.ltDi 00iNT NA L 'PO A: GIVE US A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWLIST iNTHR EST AND LOWIfhT RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable Is 9d weekly £2O repayable 7s 6d weekly. £5 „ 2a lid „ £5O .. 17s 6d „ £lO „ 3. 6d „ £lOO „ 39s 6d „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in (m- -ild:uses to MAURICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MAN/AMOUR, bliss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTAI9OB. HOURS, 9 am to 9 pm, N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTIC Nr DED TO. ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEAUS. B, HARRIS, 2, XING-MEM HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE SIRE ET, Cli ESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from RIO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY ROTH. TlEs wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJES' should not +be advantAges offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSOUX BOTH TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN (WARANTER OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDINO OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THo BORROW BR, NO BILLS OF EALE ALE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARN "NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SHOWY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS DECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEBTION IRRESPECTIVE OP DISTANCE. In urisenteases a Representative aiO cal personally upon ppiteenis an complete the traneactione alrheir own home or places of business. My fair dealicg andeasotiable charges are s%ldely known and myreputation it rands unrivalled

NO PFIBLIMINaItY Ci! 0t01f1.3. I TIo MONEY LENT MVATELY uf LARCH:: Ott eIM•LL el/Me (NOT TITAN £10), ON PRO NO SSO Y NOT 2 ONLY. Oolitic the lest 29 years the total amount lent by th undersigned EXCE D I) .E.1,!?30,000 He has received tiundrwis of unio eitsd letters of thanks and has annually, to the past Moo ylars, Issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, ot which more than 100,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for advancee, or any information desired, will be supplied free of charge, on application, either personally or by leer, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCf)UNTaNT, 20, KIiNNBDY i MAIIOI{RSTBII. -LtEITIED 1870.

VOR SALE, small GAS IiNGINE. in good working order, drilling machine, wood turner's lathe, 61n. centre; sold separatoly if desired.—Apply 3. WEL/4'IEL)) 81... off Liver- pool rd., Warrington

rPW 0 Upright Tubular BOILERS for Sale. height oft. Ein I diameter 41t. 21n. ; each Boiler is fitted with 75 "Field" Patent Tubas ; complete, wit 4 Fittings, including Injectors insured el 7Dibe, per squire inch. Cin be seen working with a view to purchase. -BICICFORD. SMITH AND CO . LTD. St. Helens Junction. I Alll N T OVPIOE MAZIOHERTBE lISTAELISEUBD IX 18.35. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha.t snore than 40 years' personal experieneetn connection with this Establish- ment.andposses6 praoti.al knowledge of the cottou,woolles and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the 15few Patent Law," prloe f3<l. .• Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. 'GEORGE DAVIES, & SON, P.1.P.A.. 111.5. A 4. ST. ANN S SQUARE. MANCHESTER

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT my OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38 CHAPEL sTREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIEs PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM AL:if orIT EVERY TOWN IN LANCASRIRE. Telephone 04E5. THE OLDRoT ESTABT ISHED RESTAURANT IN 'Mom,

A Cruel Temptation. BY FLORENCE RODOiIiNSON, AUTHOR OF "Tinsel and Gold," ac., (Re

GARTONS 'NEW ABUNDANCE' OAT REGENERATED STOCK FOR 1906. In public trials this has produced 25 per cent, more than the or- dinary stock. This New Regenerated Stock can only be supplied direct by us. Full particulars of this and all other Farm Seeds will be found in our large Illustrated Descriptive Catalogue, which may be had post free on application. SEED GROWERS & EXPERTS, WARRINGTON.

You can get Genuine pot still WHISKY (Pure Malt) 10 years old, by silting in the best Licensed 'rouses for 0 OLD ORKNEY Ask your Wine Merchant to send for sample. Stromness Distillery, ORKNEY, A SCOTLAND.

.ONE MAKE_ ' LAITDVA"""' • 15 PACKET' PANCAKES Of all Grocers and Stores

- ea 1, CLARK 00— ..,,,,FAcrictEß RUBBER STAMPS, cip 2,- TYPE, kst 4//z E.PHoNE N0..5°6 , ICArER ST MAlsle. , THE BEST FAMILY VAYIVS WORDSVA,L'S PILLS ARE A CERTAIN' Cutix for Indigestion, Biliousness, Headache llyepPpgia. Constipation. Liver and Kidne, Complaints, Ms For Ladles of all ages they are invaluable. Of all Chemists, ls. id., 21. 9d., and 4s. 6d. per box, or post free on receipt of stamps to Depat, IF, St. George ssreet, Norwich. Sample free btx will be sent on receiving nema, address, and Id. stamp (to cover return postage). Mention paper. Pepin, 13, BT. GBOBGB STREET, NOltwleti.

LD EVERYWHERE at Is. 111, Is. 9d., 43.6 d., and 119. orbt LUNG TON IC,g RITZ asses Co se FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS ASTHMA. &o

• Gout & Rheumatic Pills, A Pleasant, Safe and Effectual Cure for GOUT, RHEUMATISM, LUMBAGO • and NEURALGIA. 1/Ii- & 29, OF ALL CHEMISTS.

For Bilious and LiVer Troubles, I FRAMPTON' PILL OF HEALTH Has stood the test of time, and is equally recommended for men, women and children. All chemists and Stores at and 2/9 , per box.

pRKBBLOODrERE

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the Blood from nil impurities from whatever cause arising.. In . cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, ' GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ' ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT anti all . SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its ettats I are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of L wonderful cures from all parts of the world. f Remember that this wonderful Medicim• ' WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL 'ISKIN &BLOOD DISEASZS LOf all Chemists and Stores, 2/9 per !Attie. , BEWARE OF IMITATIONS. • ....,)

, 1 \ \ \ . \ \ THE MAINSTAY OF LIFE. - 30 TIMES MORE NUTRITIOUS THAN MILK aillr RICH IN ASSIMILABLE PHOSPHATES. "OM " The addition of Plasmon to ordinary food raises the nutritive value enormously."—THE LANCET. AIDS DIGESTION. BRACES THE NERVES. . • PLASMON supplies in youth the nutri- r L ment which the processes of growth k 4446 • demand, and it provides an easily digestible and strengthening form of 11;-_-. . . nourishment for the aged and infirm. gI PLASMON is the great muscle-former, and ' as it does not yield nucleic, cannot . , 1 f form uric acid. ' IIAZ,' ONt TRADE MARK. Or Plasmon is used in all the principal Hospitals in the United Ringdom, and hat been found invaluable in cases of Gastritis, Dyspepsia, Consumption, Diabetes, &c. %I 21-ASNION in packets, 9d., 1/4 and 216. All Chemists, Grocers and Stores.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. rIR RPpearano,l of that unique little " Diary and • Companion 'lssued by GRO. G. BilsiEY & GO., for the use of Cricketers (which may be obtained from Sports Dealers 800 ' Booksellers, or Railway Bookstall• for 64., reminds us of the corning season. in anticipation of which Gin. G. Etraaßy tt Co.. hare nrepared a" rec)rd " stock of 13ats. We are told that the timber they hold for Bt making alone exceeds 1,C03 ton, "Glorious Cricket follows tho Britith Flag everywhere."

. - CATARRHAL BRONCHITIS. Nearly Choked. Suffered Years Cured By VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. Mrs. F. WOOD, 75, 80ld-street. Northwood, Hanley, Staffs., writes, June 3rd. 1905:—" 1 consumed six bottles Of VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE, and can truthfully testify to the marvellous cure of my case. The doctors Pronounced it catarrhal bronchitis ; I was confined to led, and thought every minute I would choke with the locumulation of phlegm in the head and throat. I could Ilet breathe through my nose ; I was gradually getting Worse. The doctors did me no good. I had frequently read of your LIGHTNING COUGH CURE, and was advised to try it ; every bottle made an improvement. Con- sidering that I had been bad for years, off and on, the sure was a miracle." Ask for VINO'S LIGHTNING CouGH CORR at Chemists. 91d., is. lid. and 2s. 9d. Sold everywhere. • RENIARRABL LSON ":FIND." The original draft, in the immortal Nelson's hand- writing, of his historic "General Memorandum," issued to his captains at Trafalgar, has come into the light after a concealment of over a hundred years. Civil suits have been commenced in the Supreme Court of the United States against Messrs. R. A. Windy, R. 11. WCardv, B. H. Raymond, and L. A. Thebaud, calling upon them for an account of moneys received from the Mutual Life Insurance Company. While the Clacton lifeboat was on its way to a wreck in the North Sea the coxswain found that the stimulant had been stolen from two bottles in the locker, and salt water substituted. 1,000 WORKMEN WANTED. Mr. L. Humphreys, secretary to the West Ham Dis- tress Committee, has received a letter from the High Commissioner of New Zealand stating that his Govern- hient required 1.000 men for the purpose of making a new railway. The work woqld last three years, and the Pay would average Bs. 6d. a day.

CADiORY's ; cocoa "A really valuable Foob."

I

FENNINcs) Previeions nt CHILDREN'S Cooling and POWDERS Soothing during Teething. Of all Chemists. Grocers, Stores, &c., Boxes itit and 2/9

EDITOIAL r•nivism. (From. the Warrington Examiner, February 10th, 1906. ebe Zuilbing : "Architecturally the building is a distinct ornament to the street, and can be classed amongst the most striking erections in the town. It has been effectively carried out in the French Renaissance style, and the whole of the front is faced with glazed terra cotta. The premises are thoroughly adapted to the firm's rapidly increasing require- ments, and are fitted up in the most modern style. The cased-in windows are quite a new departure in ‘Varringtdn, the glass-work at the back of each bearing the Warrington Borough Arms and the Manchester City Arms respectively. The electroliers with which the windows and the whole of the establishment are illuminated make a very fine display." Ebe Zugitte66 : "It is certainly an advantage that the various sections of the firm's bnsiness can be carried out in one building under the supervision of the local manager (Mr. Harvey.) Hitherto the [inn has confined its attentions chiefly to gent's tailoring, for which it has achieved a high reputation, but in the new shop a special feature is the ladies depart- ment. A handsome staircase leads to the lofty and splendidly arranged show-room for ladies' costumes, and adjoining it is a fitting-room." cLanitarp tElorkoboo : "The workshop is one of the best adapted in the north of England, and the heating and ventilation arrangements are all that could be desired. The decorations of the interior are in perfect taste, and the electric fittings are on an elaborate scale." Yet we are not satisfied. When we have fitted you with an overcoat or suit, and made it to perfection, we may be satisfied. The new Spring cloths we show are even better than our usual standard designs. Overcoats from 35/. BOYDELL BROS 43, BRIDGE STREET, • WARRINGTON. _ . _

FOR HOKE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE HAD Pa WORLDWIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anamia. Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite,Hveteria,Palpitation of the Heart. Debility. D.pression, Weakness, Irregularitie, s and all Female Ailments. Boxes nd.. Is. lid., 21. 9d.45. 6d. and its. DR. I)AVIS'S FAMOUS COUGLI MIXTURE, gives instant relief as proved by hundreds of testimonials. Battles 3/- and 4/9 post paid from the proprietors, 309 PORTOBELLO-HOLD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON. W. (Only address).

GGS POR 6ITIING.—BIaeI: Leghorn,: White Leghorns, 12.1 Buff OrpiAgtons. White Wyandottes, Andalusians. 45., to 7s. 61. rer do z —5, THE GR '.EIIB, Great Crosby. near Liverpool.

W&NI BD, Heavy Pat Ll7e Ott HHNS to any quantity. Highest market prices realized. Cash daily; Bankers reference.—J. Coavg. Poultry Salesman, 18 and ZO, Cobb it , Spitaltields, London.

WHITE ALBION-. lhe best a!l-rouqd Fowl in England. splendid Winter 'Ayer of brown eggs, very hardy and grand table bir is. Eggs 34. 6d. cloz.—DEWlxToar, Abbots Lodge, Near Gloucester.

EGGS from thoroughbred WHITE WYANDOTT ES . ammage direct strain, Unlim,ted grass run, Unfertile replaced. Layed all winter. ss. sitting, Bazaar referettle.— Evitay, Worthen. near Shrewsbury.

▪ DICUBASORS. —The Gem hatches up to 10) per cent. ▪ bee Testimonials. The ' Gem Bearer Is a perfect Pottermother, giving a good account of every Chick, and is probably the most satisfactory one made. Catalogue, Poultry and Bee-keeping Appliances, Frt.e.—R. El EELE, Wormit Works, Dunt*ee

POULTRY kiOLIES and 11UNs„ in sections complete from 21s. ; Dog Kennels from 6s. Ed. each ; Pigeon House.. fmm 15s. ; Dog Homes and Plans from 254. ; Collie Kennels and Platfrm. ,2s. 6d. ; Breeding Kennels from 501. ; Roofing Felt, 83. 6d. per roll ; 6 rolls. 204.—t111TH AND Co., Sectional Builders, 56. Seel Bt., Liverpool.

COI7ISTRY RUSIDECNC3B, newly bullt, to be sold or let. Decorated throughout—Healthy situation-2 lintertaln- Ing 4 Bedroome,Bath we., Large orarden, Heat £33.—Appl y emool.-xonee, Cron, Weer/012ton

A laßriTi want-d, aell 30s. suits, good eommission.—cAul 13,. TAILORING, qieen's Road, Nuneaton. T NV131,1 CORS requiring information gratis, Write H. W. 3ENTON-INGRAM, 12, London at., London, B.C. III9ROPITABLE PACKRT TBA AGIONCY.—W rite for terms —ALDIC ItS 0 100. 14, Argyle-square, London. W.C.

—wEriNcalnE Gw rlt .P LRO Z.)? Ta d jo redd "O /- Wi [Rh eRrK envelope.—iiEcnirrxwY,(l79), St. Leonard*, Southend, Essex. - ------- . CAPITAL CHAlYoll.—Afrents wsnted for good money maker. Certain district' al I ntted tn energetic men or women. bend no money, but write for detaIIs.—CTXRA.EO Barmouth. A. wales.

ATILK.—Oood DARIISB WAISTED ; cans provided If 1_ required.— L•NCESEEIRE HYGIENIC DATRIFS. LTD., We! OffiCCS 85 to 85 Mulberry et., Huirne, Manchester. Largest firm nf datrvmPn In England.

A DOPTION H 051113 WAINTHD for hea!thy girl few weeks and girl few months old. No premium nor pay- ment. References onhanged. Complete surrender.— WRISHIW. Ornlp.narre, Arrtsict.. Carnforth,

T/JRI? WANTBD for firelight purpoees. Persans with Turf and Turf land please correspond with THE H ARRISON FIRELIGHT MANUFACTORY, 93 Spring St.,Risbton, Blackburn. Large quantity wanted it good.

WVANTED, EVPIIYuNB TO KNOW that HILTON'S, the up.to-oete TeAles' ana Gents' practical Whore Will open the .hop No. 33 Wlnvrlok et. (near Central Station) In a few der; ; 2e. in the £ cifeeoont for cash.

Wllll3 a strong. active YOUNG MAN for Greenhouse Work and with some knowledge of market gardening good character indispensable ; Wesleyan preferred ; live In. —JEryivos, Nurserymsn, Wob,-)erleo, Cheshire.

fIANADi AN RUSH .—wanted. men, womPn. married couples on farms. Gaorl wages, bright prospects. High wages for building mechanics. Parties failing Niareh, April, Join prompt. eMITHS CANADIAN AGENCY, Reading.

vti AMMO Agents, conducting business In their own dis- tricts, experience unnecessary. Profitable. Only midwives or nurses must apply for particulars to M. FIN- DJIAS, 24, Monte Cristo Mansions, Newington Green, N.

WANTIIID IN IiVIIRY TOWN and village in the King- dom. BABRGBTIO RIEPRESBN TATIVB ito Intro- duce the NEW PATENT MAGNETIC DUMB-BELL. Partloul,ra frem the 114kutrEnc DUMB-BELL COMPANY, 37, Port street, Manenester.

rfIURN YOUR SPAHR TIMIS INTO ISIONRY. In four years I have paid to spare time agents!, £112.655 19s 9.1. Commission. " I provide everytidng." Write for particulars of Agenev.—.7. G. GRAvEs,Agency Dept.,The World's Supply Warebosiso, Sheffield.

YOUNG LRS ADI TRAINIID TN COOKING and House- hold work for profession. Bmploment found for ell passing the Baaminattons. Fees according to training requlred.—Apply for full particulars to t, e ShCTARY, Ttie Araahne Club, 60, Russell Square, Lon.lou, W. C.

T IVIIRPOOL VICTORIA PRIHNDLY kJ Wanted, whole or spare time Agents In Warrington, Runcorn. Widne, St. Helens, Altrincbsrn sad all sorrosnd- ing districts ; special terms, salary and times to men with proved records and good cbaracters.—Apply . MANAGER, Victoria Chamber,. Bridze at.. Warr,naton.

D()Ul3l.li YOUR SALELAY by qualifying yourself to become an Electrical Engineer. We can do this for you at your home. Write for our free book, " How to become an Electrical Einem er," to ELECTRICAL EN- INSTITUTE OF CORRESPONDENCE INSTRUCTION, 413, Norwich House, 13 Southampton Street (corner of) Holborn,London.

INV&tTAIENT YIiMDINGt VEN PER CHNT. dAFII AS CONSOLS, AND CANNOT DHPRSCIATH IN VALUE'. SUMi OF £25 AND UPWARDS. 'INVisSTERNT,' do L AWSON & CO., WELLINGTON BUILDING-4 42. EIOUTH CASTLE sTRIONT, LIVIIRPOoL.

FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOCKS, ex.. BOUGHT Full CASH TO ANY AMOUNT OR AINANuES MAIM HIGHEST PRICES GIVBN. NO OHARGII FOR INSFROTION FT ANTLEY AND kjo.. 12. MOES-STRBIIT. LIVIINFOOL.

2/6 • aßpLidbiedactirtyitstrortillredditorld Rhlna: ,par:seoerntte.d Ort,Oßßeenem.Wßrictich BARKER, Jewellery Importer, Dronfield. Sheffield.

PATFiNTS.—lnventors ; valuable Advice to those without I experience ; save pounds ; not a guide-book. 2s 6d. P O.—LENDLF.s Latham rd., Twickenham. Middlesex.

4,z AFB Ad CONSOLS I—Fruit land (ealiforni%) planted for Al small or large buyers. Hasy Instalments. flood humme Write, London Agent. Box 2885, e/ ARROW Tasimren, Holborn Pince. London.

- r ADY must sell lovely 18-earat gold-tilted Th:scele., chased rurb design: Duplicate Wedding Present with warranty ; taerifice. 88. 64. Approval vilLingly.—MLLE. EDNA SABIN. Startle). Terrace, Leicester.

WHAT A (.100D TEA..—A trial will convince ou that the quality is worthy the name. Sample 36 oz unreels for 4s. free.—WHAT A GOOD TEA CO Wholesale, 3. Victoria Bridge. Manchester. TURF INVBSTORS.—Make money; knowledge means 1 success ; gentleman obtaining direct Training Quarters information wire., three selections daily (for four days) ; genuine ; terms 102.—HArrow.-75, Bath rd.. Bristol.

rJiasi DIiLIGHT.—(A delicious svreetreent.) surioie (7lb. boa,. carriage p.id, on receipt 35. (2-71rys,, 5. 64.); (4 lOs.) ; (8-7!bs • 17s. 64.) ; (16 —7lbe., FLYDE, Works, 267, New Cross rd., London. S.E.

T IRDOLNSHIRig AND GRAND NATIONAL.—I have reliatie and exclusive information concerning two horses for above events Write at once enclosing P. 0., 2s. 6d.—D. HAMILTON, 185 n Wakefield rd., Purston. Pcnte- tract. Yorks.

POORBT 01{AR C of Waltz and Reverse, full Instructions. mounted linen. State lady or gentleman. " Pocket Guide to &pare Dances' 7,1. the two. Vacancv Article Pupil. Fancy Dannes tor Teachera.—HILDEBLER. 48 Benthal rd., Stoke Newington.

A STROI OGY—PITTUIDI RVECNTS : Marriage, Partner /-1 deecribed. Children, Journeys, Legacies, Changes. Business Success. Speculation, Rulinß Planet, &e.—Send Birth Date 6 stamps. Stamped Bavelope.—%r. ALVA, 34.5. Howe street, Edinburgh.

DOOTE4 21. A PAIR, selected by yourself at your own bootmaker's, by new mutual supply system; thousands already satisfied. Any other Roods on same system—Parti- culars. stamped addressed envelope.—Mr. ANDERSON, 49 Bronson rd., Merton. London, S.W.

SAFB,.—The CHANNBL BOLT bAF anrde abeolute B security against thieves and fire. New in prineipie and construction.—Write for particulars, with address of nearest agent (where one em be tweeted). to I'HILLIP3 & SoN, Manufacturers. Sherborne at.. Birmingham.

SUPTIRFLUOUs HAlR.—Perfelted Electrolysis (by Dir. Parkes' invention) supersedes RE other systems in rapidity tor permanent deatructlon• The only method which never disappolnta By appointment only.—Stamped envelope to Mr. ROBERT J. PARKES, 2. MEW:3h at., Southport.

1 /1)e" pOhHot,toßg :pi Bh G Caor oda rrne do ,Mmitneliatuirne , d%oioniteyd Btrrooorachany or Pendant ; cost free. 1a.91. State complexion and colour of hair, and send photo which will be returned uninjured to BARTON CO.. 232, 1-110 it., Harlesden. London,

WHO'd YOUR LAWYfilt ? I haven't required one since I bought of Crosby Lockwood 8: Son, 7 Stationers' Hall Court London. R.C. is Copy of • 11171111 t MAN'S OWN LAWYRit ' by A. BARRISTER, price 63. Bd. net, Which has been repaid 20 times in the saying of Lawyers' fees. New and Revised Rsittion (1906) just published.

WINTER IS NOW HERR.—Secure one of our Fsmous Men's Double-breasted Blue Pilot Cloth RICRIMItt JACKHTS. Seal-ilned throughout. Large here Pocket, guaranteed value, 10s 6d. Selling in hundreds. Chest Measurement with Order. Money returned if not satisfactory. SCALLON, THIS PROPLIS'S CLOTiaIRR, 28 and 30, SHIRLDS ROAD, NIIWCASTLE,

pRINTING.—Cash with order. post (rev ; 5 quires good quality note pnper, printed address and 120 envelopes, initial printed on dap, 2s. 3d. ; 500 blllbeads or mernos,4s.9d; 503 business carAs, Os. 9d. ; 100 gents' V. cards, 1s 3d. ; 100 ladies' ditto, 2s. 3d. ; 5,000 butcher's dockets. 9s. ; 250 post- cards, 3s. 9d. ; laundry lists. &c. ; all printing cheap ; paper bags plain Or printed; inquiries invited ; name paper.— RICHARDSON & CO.. Psper Bag Merchants, Queensland Printing Works, Southampton.

LADY W ISHBS °ELL CASH Silver-inounecd CARITIittS, 10s. ; bargain.—lN 'Lams, 40, S. Luke's rd., Clapham. T.) BMINGTON & SMITH PHRMIHR TYPRWRITHRS for 11 bnIe.—JAMPB CRIPTON. CiVil taerviee Institute. Wet t, Brom wich. pATENT FOR SALE.- Novel and valuable Means of advtrtlalog.—W. H. HOLLOWAY, bla, dt. James Place, Liverpool.

SP OIAL--SOL ID SlLVERbacked Prayer Book (Govern-; ment stamped) post free,: Is. 9d.; larger size, 4s. 6d. beautiful deeign.—Kow k HILL, Silvers's-Ws. Hipon. 66 LI OW TO TrtAIN ANI6IAhI. BIRO-drltTo." practical llf entrancing book, Including "Trapping and Fish- ing," Is. Id.—Hungns, 105, Idichales, Shrewsbury.

BPL-ANDId PICTORIAL POSMARDS poet tree 61 4Z (Views, tic; resses. Flowers. ffirde, etc.) It dissatis fled, refund.."LlAnnons," 31, Harwood Terraee, London, S.W. MBAT, grand quality. 8 lb. sirloin beef, 61. ; 8 lb. hind. quarter. new season ,kipb. 61., carriage plid. Price list free.—RATucooLn prior "IlLtturET Uo., Hotnee7 'London.

%41ALL. PAPHIS from 20. to 9d. per Roll. -Pasterns po—st YV free for penny stamp (paper carriage paid) - BUXBERRY & toe. Central Buildings. Lancister rd., Hefted, London, B.

rri-IBRE'S MONHY HI IT.—Remnants by weight ; 1. experience unnecessary ; Bond stamp for catalogue; oldest establishekl.—CoeMnxisee WAREHOUSE, It( gent rd., Ualtord. Manchester.

- -DOUDOIR BRAUITY.—Write for Mn. Adrian's advice on Beauty ; ii. Id. post free. Only Maker of the famous Madrid Cream —Mrs. ADRIAN, ZO New Boad it.. London, W. And Madrid, t3pain.

-- YOUR Po-trait beautifully Enlarged for 3s. 114. Hlghil, hand-finished in black and winte. Nearly life sized. Satisfaction guaranteed. send photo at once to CooK,Bnos., 54, Farleigh rd., London, N. _ 50 BRAUTIFUL PICTORIAL POSTCARDS, all different subjects, is. 3d. post vat& usual price 41. M. ; cash with order ,• ;carmine Offen—BA:l'H AIM WEST Ow R1101.•ND Poncaßn Co., Combe Down, Bath.

LOVISLY PRESHNTS.-SCO beautiful Aurora Silver Trays, 12 inches wide. Superb Designs, Wranutacturet's Stock. To clear, le. 3d. pod free.worth doub!a.—Send P.O ,HoBBE9, 219, Walford rd., eparsbrook

WVi MAKE r. speciality of PIOTWiII rOhICIA4 nDS i Colours end half-tone from customers own photo- graphs. Exceptional offers to Pnographere and dealers ; lend for paci Mena. —BALTIC& PHOTO-HP/4R AXES( 0 CO., 1 Vicar lane. Coventry.

WIRE NAILS (Mixed). Be. pt. er cwt., 28ibs. • 3d.; 'icrew, mixed, 28s. per cwt, 281 be 7s. 6d.; Wire, Cut, Wrought, and Malleable Nalls. Tacks, Rivets, etc., etc., wholesale prlees.—MlDLaND FAIL WONICS, 25 Rae 26,nes. at., Bermingham, JOHN PYSB, Proprietor.

JOOK !—The best, strong and warm, hand-woven oollen J Horse Rug, with throat strap and bound, oirriage paid, for 6s, 6d. ; smaller sizes, 48. 6d. and 3e, 64. Cash returned if not approved of.—From H. J. Gassorr, Government Contractor, Rye.

s 4 DUCK " I.IIOI4OGRAPIi and 12 new shilling gold- -1 moulded records, 12s. ; Lnmbertphones from 50s. ; sample dozen new assorted records 9s. ; records exchanged free; csrrhgA pnid.—LAMBERTPIIoNg AGENCY, Orudgington, Wellington, Silop.

14UCC1E1JS LIKE{ nULICBSS.—L. W.ll ii Calculating Machine is paying 2e. weekly profit, for every £1 investe4. Don't delay to join the goot thing. Write penny postcard for all information, to Urso WALL, 3, Omit.- Mae, Amete-dam.

y 00K I—You have all helped to pay for them before JIJ Military Knee Foote, smart appearance, 7a.6d. per pair; bevel Knee Bootti,very stroug. 65.6.1. per pair. Bluchere,sB.6d. per pair. Any size. Carriage paid. Cash returned If not app:oved of.— H. J GassoN, Government Contractor. Rye.

rpc• U SOLD.—Farnwortn, year Widnes.—The extensive Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co.. with Machinery and 24.4-ill square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. dui,able for Chenncil or other worka requiring space.—Addreas J. ii 011811,16, 18. Fenwick street, Liverpool.

3/6.- sEI ;re rR eoaßs pDOOI Nn RJY4 m Spoon, Ail uNt ;Volt e , 11S locgkaeri Spoon and Tongs, warrant'ed unaffected by Food Acids, wear white like silver. 3s. 61. honest value. Splendid set Ladies' Tortolsbell Dress Combs, floral deooratloo In blue and gold. Money returned if not approved.--Hireims. t:trYPLY Co., 24, Kyrwicks lane, Sparkbruok, Birmingham.

V atinersbtps, t mOnecSses„ etc.

WET. RItritEiHISIONTS.—High-clais lock-up Shop opposite Park. handsomely fitted ; very nice busy summer trade; everything El6O.—H UGHES, 63, Deiamore at, Liverpool.

R7ooBristol imposing Corner Hotel-publio, with stabling fok 60 (proof trade). Widow retir- ing, exceptional opportunity.— WATKINS & Co., City Chambers. Bristol.

rr 013/1000-FIAIRDRUSINI4.—First-class lock-up Shop, commanding corner opposite Nverton Football ground. Stock, goodwill, and fixtures, £165 or close offer, —id UGH lr.B 63, Ddamore at., Liverpool.

A GOOD INVESTMENT.—Few 10 per cent. Debentures .71. In sound Company for SALB ; mob debenture £lOO ; Interest half yearlv.—Mr. GREENWOOD, Aocountiot. 9 South Parade, Mancheste r.

BBD POTATOHS.—Yeoteh, Cumberlain, and Laneathlre k grown ; early and late varietle• a apeoiatity.—ALDEßVlN. Potato Merchant, Preston. dead (Moe, Plurnpton, Penrith. Hatab. 1880.

DOWPOES. PLANT SCOTCH GROWN seed. double your crops. Dalmeny Hero's, Scottish Trlumphm,DatPs, British Queens, Lingworthv's Northern StArs for sale prlre 3s. cwt. free on rall.—T. DEivAlt, •Auchterarder. Enquiries solicited for all kinds

pOTATOtte FOR stun —Set one year. about 6 tons, " Sutton' a Supreme" 20 tons " Ossirneny Beauty." 5 tone "Factory." 8 One 'British Q seeu."--ittOsaan WitI39TER Stone House. Litberland. Liverpool.

LIFFIRY LOVER OF GARDRNING should possess our LA book" ALL ABOUT THE FIRST FRGRTABLRS & FLOWERS." It will be sent gratis and post paid on receipt of postcard asking for say:ie.—NM Sr. ALIEILN3 X.L. All Seed Co., Ltd., 31.. Alma toad, St. *lkons.

OR SAL& BLACK CURRANTS. Baldwin's °Munelon, 2 years old, good clean Mollies. 21. dez.,l?.e. 100; also Boskoop Giant. tbe best aft.r 7 years' trial, free from big bud ; extraordinary vigorous growth; enormous berries of sweat and rich flavour; 1 year old; 33. d9x ; 15s. 100.-11. J. HOLMES, Cranbrook.

JJOMB-GROWN SIFIBD.—For Is. Postal Onter I will send half oz. of each Onion, Parsnit, Carrot. Turnip,Cabhage, a 2. packet of 13rocoli, Cauliflower Kale, Savoy. Tomatoes, and six packets Flower seeds. Half Dint:Harty Peas. Carriage paid for IS. 40.—8. B. WnlctßY,Gardener Isebrook. Avenue rd., Weymoutta.

SOOTCI4 bEED POTATOES. 1908.—Lle•vellyns, itarly Regents, Epicures, Bonntiful, firiti•li Queens, Abund- ance. Conquests, Warriors. Factors. Royal Kidneys, Da!many Beauties, Dates, Toiumphs, Eyerooods. Langsvorthy, For prices and list, apply Coangn. Oldham rd., Potato Market. Manchester. Established 1853.

13iatrimonn

/r, ATIIIISIONIAL TIMHS," the best and quickest Introduotcry medium for all desiring a matrimonial alliance; price 6(i., in ssaled envelope.—.tddress EDITOR Robert Radford, 5, Featherstone Buildings, Kolborn, W. •

Aiebtral

QIIRILRY Flshmonger,nine years sufferer from ithenmatterh, tried"Methalla," free from pain ever since. Particulars. tamped envelope—RAYNEß dc 00.3dethalittOffice,West Baling. ALADY who has been cured of Rheumatism will glqdly send particulars to any sufferer; enclose stamped envelope.—Mrs. WHITFIELD 8, Vale rd., Wootton, Liverpool.

1/11 For this small sum and 3d. postage you can get a 2 bottle of Llandrlnclod Oils. Infallible Cure for Rheumatism, Sprains. Bruises, /40.—Sold only by W. S. BOUND. Chemist, Llandrindod Wells.

CHAPPED HANDS. CHAPOLINE CURBS abselntely painlessly and with nar- tainty,giving immediate relief. le, plet free.--OwiroLINE CO., Bridgewater Chemical Works, Wigan. -FOB SUCCUSSFUL TaBATHENT of Paralysis, Whenl. matiem, Gout, Nervous Debility, Imp-Amoy, Bye Diseases, Deafness. Skin Diseases, address. SECRETLRY, 56, Devonshire it., Portland Place. London, W.

POE MOTHERS ONl.X.—Allen's Children's Cough Mix- ture cures e iughs. colds, bronchitis. croup. and relieves whooping cough. Contains no pnison. Very pleasant. Post free 11. 3d. and 26.10 d —ALLEN, Chemist. Barry. Glam.

STHRUM : its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. A new edition just published. Post free 3s. 91. London : SHELLEY AND CO., LTD, 38, aTOCOOLDDCI)

REHUMATISM.—WonderfuI Cure for Chronic Rheu- matism—Mr. WILLIAM DARING-GOULD, Queenswood rd., Moseley, Birmingham. strongly recommends Wonderful Cure for Chronic Rheumatic Disorders. Free information for addressed envelope.

KIN AlialihiliTS.—Deep Eczema. suffering Feet. Ex- -1/4.7lceselye Parepiratron. Try. post free. elegant applicatloo, patented for latest researelaes, and always restoring affected cells by physiology to perfect health. Sarnple.--55INAGeR, Faysholes, 117, Co'more Row, Birmingham.

DERFROT COMPLEXION gained and retained by the NEW AMARTI MRTHOD ote BRIX-MASSAGIi. directions explaining secret movements for removing wrinkles and all blemishes of the skin, including materials used, 2s. 6d. post free.—MADAME AMAMI, 4, Highfield et, Leicester.

THE NW FRENCH PELdEDY. lIIHERAPION. This successful and highly popular remedy _L as employed in the Continental Hospitals by Hieord Ro,tan, Jobert Velpeau, and others, surpasses everythln. hitherto employed for Impurity.? the blood, spots,blotchesg pains and swelling of the joints, kidney,bladder and urinary disease-stricture, diachargee, piles. gravel, 'Ana in the back, rheumatism. gout,sleeplesseess ,nervous and physical exhaus tion, etc. Therapion Is prepared in three different forms Nos. I, 2 and 3 aclording to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD-BQIYARE, L015D02111

ROBERT L9Wlg, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, VALUER Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BARK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 65. CIAEH ADVANCED ON GOODi DEPOUTED TOR SALE. New nd ti.emd-band Farottgre and ouber Goods constantly on Sale by Priv•ste Treaty. Inspection Invited Furniture. &a.. warehoused.

LAST WEEK. CLEARANCE LINES. DRAPERY & FURNISHING GOODS. W. HODOKINSON LTD., WARRINGTON.

ARNOLD & LEWIS. ARE OFFERING THE WHOLE OF THEIR LARGE AND VARIED STOCK 07 JEWELLERY, PLATE, WATCHES, &e., AT A DISCOUNT OF 35i PER CENT. EXPIgA.TION OF Lit AB THE LEASE RXPIRES IN MARCH NEXT. THE WHOLE OF THE STOCK MUST BE CLEARED BY THEN. 7, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

Zig "Cramintr" 56erfts THE WARRINGTON AND MID.CHESIIIRE EXAMINER, lished every Saturday morning. TKuNooRN kittmiNEß, published very Friday after noon. It lathe best weekly piper ii the Town and District, and offers tha best and cheapest iaciiities to Adver tigers. flinEE WIDNES ISEAMINER, pCbIISDPG every Friday after I noon. Wianes contains the lorgeit number of ehemboi works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly grow in centre of industry. THE HARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday atternoo.. THE Sr. HELENS EXAMINER, DUbllltlea every Friday afternoon. PREPAID ADVERTISEM. ENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET, HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARIICLES POUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES, One Three RIX Words. Week. Weeks, Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

-FOUND. THAT FR QUALITY & VALUE IN WINES & SPIRITS FULToN BROS. CANNOT BE BEATEN. FULTON BROS: 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. AL so IT FULTON'S BUILDINGS, ROCHOLV.A. Telephonn 2361 tin rql, Liven» A.

Goddardpiate '6- Powdee ror Cleaninl Silver:Metro Platek sold everywhere Ifr2k. a. 4/6,

, lii ---- 11, 1, • Digestive 6 ,:r ,(1 '•*, i Digest lailiisioNi,,, • • _......„_,_.„,, --, ,; ....,..„,:s _•,, A moment's thought will show why Angler's Emulsion has found such favour with ' • the medical profession in the treatment of stomach and bowel disorders of a 1 catarrhal, fermentative, ulcerative or tubercular nature. Sedative, demulcent antiseptic, it exerts a peculiar soothing influence upon the nmcous membrane of the stomach and intestines, arrests fermentation, checks bacterial growth and promotes normal action of the bowels. Angier's Emulsion has proved wonder. fully efficacious in many obscure digestive troubles. It is prescribed by the medical profession for chronic dyspepsia, chronic diarrhcea and dysentery, stomach catarrh or ulcer, etc. Of Chemists and Drug Stores, tit 34, 2/9 and 4/6. tE. i 0 ,•t. FREE SAMPLE on receipt of 3d. for postage. Mention this paper. ~ -,•' THE ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., Ltd., 32 Snow HID, LONDON, E.C.

MIME TION3 Disoßms OF THE BLOOD, CONSIIPATION. ANFEMIA, HEADACHE. And all the many and dangerous ma!gdies "Ouch result frcm STOMACH DISORDERS ARE CURED BY MOTHER SEIGEL'S SYRUP. This wonderful remedy has proved Its great curative power during 35 years of use in all lands. 1T TONES UP THE LIVER. BRACES THE NERVES, CLEARS THE HEAD. AIDS DIGESTION, - AND MAKES FOOD NOURISH YOU. PRICE 2,6 AND IV; PER BOTTLE. no 26 bottle contains 3 times as much as the i!i% size.

for name cares ror ainne, parries, to have them made with a cover on which the initial letter is fashioned in real violets. Another charming de- vice is that of having the name traced with an electrical needle on a single petal of the flowers which adorn the table. Daintily painted name cards are always popular, while at an election dinner given recently both the menus and the name cards were adorned with miniature sketches of clever political cartoons. TO-DAY'S RECIPE. CRAYFISH PUDDING.—Take a dozen crayfish and place them in a stew-pan with sufficient water to cover them, and cook for five minutes, after which remove the flesh and place it on one tido. Then crush the shells in a mortar with of butter, place in a saucepan on the fire, and stir till the butter becomes red. Pour in a little loss than a pint of water, and set aside in a bowl to eoitl. When cold, the red butter should be removed—reserving a little fQr the sauce— and mixed with 14oz. of the crumb of a loaf which is at least two days old, moistened with thout a cupful of milk. Then stir in the yolks of three eggs and 2oz. of castor sugar, the flesh of the crayfish finely minced, a little salt, 3oz. of thopped suet, and, at the last, the whites of the taws beaten stiffly. Let the pudding boil for wo hours anti a-half to throo hours in a well- floured cloth, and serve with a sauce made with crayfish butter, as above, flour and milk, with the addition of a little cream and cayenne pepper.

Mrs. S. E, Dawber, who is the oner,,etic owner of a prosperous fruiterer's business at 8, New-square, Wigan, is a typical woman of business. But her responsibilities were the cause of a trying crisis, from which only Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People succeeded in rescuing her. "About four years ago," said Mrs. Dawber, " long hours of hard work and constant attention to business so undermined nij, health that without warning I collapsed, and became a nervous wreck, unable to do anything. " I was in a very low state of health, and COD- „......-... \ suited a medical man, ....."..",--. who pronounced any trouble to be general 4,77-77-...0.4 I debility and nervoas ~,,--,,, ,-., ....,:,...e,4 A collapse. My face was deathly pale, and I was in r ~- . /TR ,'V,-.7-. a most distressingly blood- ' ...44-' ' -,„/ less state, exhausted by r / any exertion. Anemia developed and I lost appetite entirely. All food was bitter to my palate; even milk caused indigestion. Life was 7 -,', ..frpC," -, ..,2 unbearable; I couldn't :".; ~. n.,,. rest night or day. Nothing i., j. '''''',„4 7G,.,,,iil -,.' V icii seemed to afford me any iiii.,'•s•-• •••• relief, and I was in des- ',//7%,/,//,.% / ei. pair. "One day I became Mrs. Dawber, interested in a book about Cured of Nervous Collapse by cures effected by Dr. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I bought a box, and found, after taking a few pills, that I was feeling better. My appetite returned ; I felt blood tingling in ray,vin aeri weeks einsiandlas no. t easilyfatigued. Dr. Willi arus' Pink Pills so built up my strength that I was at business again—strong,healthv and high-spirited. I never felt better in my life than I do now. Not once since I took Dr. Williams Pink Pills have I looked back. For general breakdown of the nervous system Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are invaluable, for they feed the nerves while purifying end adding to the blood supply. Hence their wonderfnl success in nervous disorders, including Neuralgia, St. Vitus' Dance, Paralysis and Locomotor Ataxy. In Antemia, Consumption, Indiges- tion, Eczema, Rheumatism, Sciatica Early Decay, and all disorders resulting from poor or 'bad blood, they are a revelation. Obtainable of all dealers. Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Holborn-viaduct, London, will send one box post free for 2s. 9d. or six for' l2s. lid. -.1.- Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. The usual meeting of this Society was held on Sunday, when there was a good attendance. Mr. Robins presided. and spoke upon " The power of goodness from an historical standpoint." Mr. Luckman, of Manchester, was the speaker, his subject being "Foot passengers : Keep to the right." He warned the members against gambling and drink as great drawers to the left. Mr. Nadin, of Ashton-under-Lyne, recited with musical accompaniment "If we only knew" and " The two waifs" with good effect. Mr. J. Owen and Mr. W. I Beswick also took part in the meeting. Mr. W. H. Payton, Mue. Bac., presided at the organ. a.. WORLD'S FINEST TELEPHONE EXCHANGE. The finest telephone exchange in the world WRS Opened on Monday in the City of London. The exchange contains about 37,000 glow lamps and 42,000 relays. In its construction 7,000 miles of wire were used. Over four millions of soldered connections have had to be made. - ...........44

I,- - - _,.., „.,e/( ~, r ',._,..0 K-•, ',',// p/ _4" 'L., ' --4' -4,..7.." tiaiu .*. ~. • .....1,.:7?::.,.,....,,,,.......,...„7„...... . - THE- -5k.g.. ~...,...: .c---,tv-.... -...,........,- ...., ...-...,:,.- ..:.,.. , ~:-• - "-: . ..,. ~. .p.i. 4 - --- --r IN. '4, 6 ; . .„....:::,::,- ;;w:.,;,,..,..,- ----= -6------.•.--- --d-,, . - 0 ....te. tr00:.7-___Lj—?' ' • ,In Nuti. \' - 4, . py jfilc c i-...,?.71.7•Pr0P'"'/N, iik, '-`d ::..4*. „..;•:-..,:-.Vigit:, - - - ghAt .., _ , ,''f:g' ...4 " '''.3* •,ts,'--; 'E''''.0.....,,-::'''' '. " \\ ' ' ba" -':',:'::'3'.-- i.,.; ' iio' <. •:k '-' 111 r, . 4...4.00•1/,' ..ike , „ A i.

G, 0,,--_---, 44 Sow ..."-- -_.:..L _ \ 'N,A— .Y,."--; •-"9,., _____-‘—c--- i • e+ e- ... -- zy,.,0 - ----- _. .:, • - ./ ‘• t.---"---.. , VIO. , ~..; (~ .....„./.. , I .4. "7.,..-' :0" ' ...rK •j" . ' --" • 1 Ogg. l'. r , 0 '• (iiieoPe. 5,..' ..- 1 . -wiser • ' ' I •-•,. r.' ' - , PERHAPS Yen are not acquainted with the . delicious flavor of MASON'S ESSENCE: 0,11 COFFEE Cc aIICORY in which case we shall be pleased to send you a free sample upon receipt of a Pictorial Postcard addressed to . NEWHALL & MASON. NOTTINGHAM. '

lits NE ~.....v 410,1),,wt, 1) "Charncterisett bp eta excetlent rich proportion of nitrogenous loud substunees"—THS LANCET 8o Years Establlshed Reputatioa- . .41 : -•-- - ..): el!, pi .

, MOST EXTRAORDINARY OPFER. We sell more than ail other Makers combined. ihrreicre our Customer. benefit in Price. The Marvellous Free Gem Ring Book and beautifully rllustrated Nutshell Catalogue are also enclosed. A host of weal and entertaining goods tor the Winter Season. too should write at ante. We give instant attention. WRITING Fat 21. lid. enIY, complete and Roll Free. On Sias:led and Polished Writing Cabinet Desk.' DES h anti= passes. Magnitying Glass Wrltlng Paper 13iott:og and Pens Money returned ii nol suited. Ate or .5 Mention OUTFIT• P.O., Francis. exchange Sc,, Norwich.

0 0 RENDS ICIRERD 0 0 Makes Makes Strong •oyo and Girls. Sound and Good Tooth.

. .., • •: ;,... ,! ;iii . , m I ILK CO a .i. . , ._.

SCIENCE NOTES AND GLEANINGS. TIM layer of the sea taken up by the clouds 3ach year is now estimated .at 14ft. int thickness. The winds carry the clouds to "land, where the eater falls as rain, to find its way in , due t,ime :wick to the ocean.

; '.itit,.-- f..,. ----APPHti‘,,,,_//,/ I : , ..__

CRITCHLRY'S STARCH GLOSS. Registered No. 40,378. 446 NO MORE SOFT LINEN - WHEN -.. %kir STARCHED. Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be use in every house. Once tried, always vanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW The greatest boon ever offered to thelaundress for imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Lace,. Ltl3. It does nut stick to spider-web., ike materials. Sold everywhere in Packets at Id., 3d., and 6d. each. PREPARED CYLY BY T. CRITMILEY. Chemist. BLACKBURN. 7, W bitsor.ss :street, London, B.C. _ _

/c)( p 4"' " OF. .t"'

The Its warmth and sunshine is eornish within the reach of all . Riviera. , classes. .

Express Services from all Parts. DINING CARS. CHEAP FARES. Fast and Luxurious Trains with every Modern Convenience. By enclosing 3d. to the Superintendent of the line, Paddington Station, W., you will receive the new and enlarged edition of the unrivalled travel book, " The Cornish RiViera," its first issue being a quarter of a million copies. JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager.

G.W.R.

Before you pUrch'ase . ... ' ' /*fr.-- ~„,i11: THAT NEW MOUNT - .. --- ~.. .., N ' we ask you to consider the claims of the Rdyal Enfield. :iikl - * ' b'l/4a, ' .; 'X' Distinctiveness is the keynote of these machines, and o;''' ' '‘'•,, at. , '0 they embody many exclusive features which will add to t „4,-., `, your enjoyment of the pastime. , "go ~.. There are forty-two models ranging in price from ;4°l ' . k. A .4...16 16 OtoES 8 0. • 44 . '.' The celebrated girder frame which has been proved to ~',.),,`,.A• ' . withstand a strain fifty per cent greater than the Diamond I:!' Aoi, iv. ~-1,77,+ is embodied in all models from 4.10 11) 0 upwards. " ' ' Art Booklet free on application to any of the under- , ' mentioned cycle agents who have always the latest model on view s ...-- -e. ,„i, ' ~..,. . agents- 101,,sui. -, die • ~,,-. j Zo., Warrington, BELLIAN & DAVIES,Sankey St. •-'o'4.:l•r: - St Helena, J. S. 111cLEAN, 'le. ,W • . " '-' ,'Z• ' ;I Lymm. B. TAYLOR, 51 Duke St Ironmonger. . - 'Ltke - , Runcorn, J. W. BOOTLE, ,o ~, Cycle Frodsham, do. • d.ok.gent

youEmAirEiTsricio.

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE. OF OP GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY BY , EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES ! ! 59, Mount-street, Northwood, "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " Hanley, Staffs, Mona Cottages, Jan. 6th, 1905. Coalville, Leicestershire, Dear Sir,—My wife suffered from Rheumatism for s June 4th, 1904. long time, and could get no relief. She was a patient Dear Sir,—l thank you for the good I have received at the North Staffordshire Infirmary_, but got worse,and from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two could not walk without crutches. I heard about your months ago and tried almost everything, but got no Pills from a friend, and bought a small bottle. AFTER better. f tried your Pills and am glad to say that THE SECOND DOSE SHE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES, and AFTER TAKING THEM FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CURED was completely cured in a week. After spending pounds I was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs your pills cured her at a cost of 2s. 3d. I shall recom- Beinga miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks I mend your pills to everyone I know, and you can make to your Pills have never felt the least pain since. I the best use of this as a testimonial if it pleases you to recommend them to everybody myself. do so. .7 Yours truly, Yours gratefully, GEORGE WRIGHT. JAMES NVRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all " injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles,ls. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell road London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT 8c- RHEUMAtio PILLS.

E.-77e World's .Afedicitie for Weak Stomc-ic, Jnyoaired Digestion, .717 active Liver, arid all _Bilious aid jyeryolls Disorders. •. BEECHA 9 ; hagizz) PILL. A few doses of BEECHAM'S PILLS act thoroughly upon I the vital organs. They cleanse, strengthen and restore the system to a healthy condition. They drive all im- purities from the blood and rid the stomach and bowels Of pßisonous gases. They give tone to the digestive organs and enable the food properly to assimilate. Appetite returns and sleep is sound and refreshing. BEECHAIVI'S PILLS do all this without the aid of any other medicine. They have a great sale because they make great cures. They cure because they are a great medicine. They recommend themselves. You will recommend them after use.

Ii a wonderful water proof for lINRSS. sot- Dales' BOOTS & HA tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow polish- fog with blacking. GOLD MEDAL BE H IBITION RICO-ISW' AWAKDS. 1:11 • Pins id.. 6d.,/ '. 6.2/6 of Boot ii n Zeakez.SnatadctszEa./.trionizte,s: Londop:

/7 BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED --";' LAUNDRY rakii,7l,. AND DAIRY MACHINERY 1 . THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 14.14, High liolhorn,‘Londoo: 130, Bold ;street, Liverpool ; Victoria AVOIIIIO. Manchester ; Crescent Iron Works, Salford. ..0 -- --- , What Is a workman without good Boots 1 oThe 'ON DUTY' BOOT Sold Sverywhera. Ask your Bootrnoter tor them, OP send 12 a F.O. (post free) to SEED BROS., INo Risk! Money bac' HALIFAX. lf you don't like theme

• z• i(t• 5.4 111 —CS' .6.41.10 d • lllS7lllllllllAjittir !Rio. •• 4 ama"nr "rier" ,augrifillw" THE BUSY BOSS" ADVERTISEMENTS If yon want useful, reliable, and cheap noveltiee. " EINICALINICROCINC," A Self-filling Fountain Pen with a 2-vears' guarantee for 2/9. ' No fillers to rind, and, when found, they are broken; No inky fingers, no profane words are spoken.' Send P.O. for 2/9. Do it li014„ while you think of it I If you don't like the pen, return it and we return your money. TEZ MANDEVILLE MAIL ORDER CO., DEPT. S., 98 Great Russell Street, London, W.C.

DIGESS Th.n.wreraedy forindigestion. Dyspcpsia,Flatulenoe,is Gives instant relief. Try Aat once. Prioe, Post free, 1/I}, 2/9, sad 4/6. TO HE HAD ONLY OF ROWAN]) 8A2211=12, 53 THEOBALD'S ROAD, LONDON, W.Gi FRaR &IMP liOßW.l.lillaD ow RECEIPT or IoSTAAIP LIKE TOGO, IT CANNOT BE BEATER'. TOGO & CO.'S WONDERFUL CURE. Instant relief to all sufferers from Rheumatics, Gout, Lumbago, Sciatica, Bronchitis, Sore Throats, Cold on the Chest. Small bottle, lili; large bottle, l/10. Prepared only by TOGO & CO., 77a Fetter Lane, Holborn, London, W.G. Send at once P.O. for Trial Bottle and Testimonials

HAIRCan you afford to be bald? Your Heir is thin en falling out. It worries ou. Stop the worry by using HXISLINH the great Hair Food. Perfect Tonic and non-101l unmable. ailed free le. €d.—H. CHARLES, 4, Duke Street, CI- aring Croes, London, W.O.

LUCKY MERRY THOUGHT BROOCH. . 1/6 1/6 Postage Postage H. Our Merry Thought Brooch will bring you LUCK ; 18 et. rolled gold, highly finished, send 1/6 and id. postage stamp. mar- vellous vaIue.—BRIGHT & Co,. 1.23 Asylum-rd., Peckluun,B.E

AS bUPPLIBU FOR ()VIM HALF A ORSTURY TO TRH ARMY AND NAVY. I Buy from ltberbeen Club the Highlands direct., C and W. STBWART. Scotch Whisky. Adelphl. Aberdeen. Bole Proprietors. Founded 1832. 394. per Doz.. carriage paid. Two Sample Bottles, by post. Bs, 104. BXOBLLEINT FLAVOUR AND Bout:war. AND IN A THOROUGHLY POUND CONDifLON FOR CONSUMMION.' I (Signed) J. GRANT-STEPHEN, Ph.D. Agencies Open.

PRETTY are not pretty by accident. Send 3 stamps for sample. of Bates Pelletta, the wonderful beautifier. linable' the most WOMENhomely woman to oompete with the loveliest In the land.—BaTas, 30, Brook's Bar, Manchester.

Union St. J. H. DOVENER & CO.'S, Ltd. Liverpool UMSECDE $A K Best and Cho for POTATOES, CORN, &o. Ay vjg boo Elegant Lady's Watches and Other Valuable Prizes. BATES. " PELLETTA," the Oarrr BrACTIIIER. BATES' "FRIZZETTA " Kr Lrs rur HAIM IN Can, Send Stamps for Tree Trial Bottles with Tull Particulars ot Prize Scheme F. W. BATES, 25, Brooks Bar, Manchester.

KEATINGSs LOZENGES EASILY CURE THE WORST COUGH. One gives relief. An increasing sale of over So years is a certain test of their ' • value. Sold in Tins 1814. each.

eet all& oriv-yiast CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on th 4 solefrof the feet. If vnu suffer try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham.

:3 „Ira CUST,AsrY.D POWDEIR Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing, resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custard is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO ECUS ! NO RISK I NO TROUBLE!

C I •.0 ,

_ rapho is found in elk, /fey' • -111 1000 GRANO •••• . • DOUBLE emu EGIIE SllOlll5 IC% A Customer has just written in to us as follows: 4' It is now over four years since you sent me one of yr= Machines, and during that time it must have gone over my records !may say thousands of times, and it still is in perfect condition. The Reproducer, however, from continued weal needs looking to, and I herewith enclose it." A drop of Seccotine fixed the Reproducer. The machine was one of our lowest.priced models. But no matter what you pay— When you buy COLUMBIA Machines you get the full workls of your money. IMProved " Lyric-Reproducer" models just out. Sweetest tone. Superbly constructed. Send postcard for" Price Book 20 'for/sill information and latest list of Records. COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH COMPANY, Geol. 89, Great Easters St., London, E.C. 200, Oxford St., W. Glasgow: so, Union St. Cardiff: 96, St. Mary St. DEALERS IN EVERY TOWN.

LEATHLEY'S BARGAIN SALE. LAST DAY, FEE. 28th. GENUINE REDUCTIONS. reliable goods, Dress Materials from 72d. per yard. Mantling', Flannel., Shirting. Riankets, abeet. Quilts. Blouses, corsets. Stockings, aprons, Underclothing, Skirts, Umbrella., Curtains, Towels. Sc. WONDERFUL VALUE. Do not delay until the best Bargains are cleared out SALE PRICE LIST. PATTERNS, and ordinary PRICE LIST. clearly showing the Heavy Reductions. POST FREE. WRITE AT ONCE. Lth. AS LEATHLEY & CO., The Warehouse, Armley„ Leeds.

pionship, for their Sa concluditurdaythe ng matches are none of JUSTICE GRANTHAM AND them very severe. On y strengthened ' their position in the tourney by beating Barrow by 16 points to three. Leigh's remaining matches are THE CHIEF CONSTABLE. with Morecambe, Huddersfield, and Oldham at home, and with Millom, Barrovr,St. Helens,Rochdale Hornets, Huddersfield, and Hull Kingston Rovers away. The REMARKABLE INCIDENT AT last-named are the only Yorkshire club that Leigh have yet met this season, but a Leigh correspondent LIVERPOOL ASSIZES. states that the Mather-lane organization sought and were refused fixtures with such clubs as Hunslet, Halifax, Leeds, and Bradford. Clearly if Leigh should A Censure and a Withdrawal. eventually be the League champions—it would be unfair, as the correspondent points out, to find fault THE CONGEALMENT OF BIRTH CHARGE. with the fortunate club on account of their paucity of Yorkshire engagements. Rather should criticism be levelled at the League itself under which such an unequal system of arranging matches is possible. --- Many people thought that the "A "team had put up a record for the Warrington Club when they scored IS goals, 12 tries, 52 points against Heyside, the junior Oldham club, at Wilderspool on Saturday. This is not the fact, however, the score against Rugby still standing as the local record. The match was played at Warrington on December 30th, 1893, the score being 10 goals, three tries, 59 ',points to nil. Barber made his first appearance in this match and had a lot to do with the total. In the more recent cup-tie with Goole, at Wilderspool, Warrington scored 7 goals, 10 tries, 44 points, of which Fish obtained 7 goals, 5 tries. Some very fine football was seen in the aforesaid match with Hey-side. The visitors, though hopelessly outclassed, showed plenty of pluck and opened the game out in the most approved style. They could do I nothing with Dickinson, who was like a giant among pigmies and displayed form of the highest class at centre. There were some brilliant passing runs, Lloyd and Lambert setting the threequarters going at 'every opportunity. The last-named, for such a midget, played a wonderful game, and the way he tricked man tafter man at full speed delighted the crowd. It was a I source of general regret that he got hurt in the last five minutes. With luck, he should make a second Tot " Jones behind the scrum. Warrington have by no means an easy task to-day, when they play Barrow at Cavendish Bank. Though they beat the Furness men easily enough by 18 points at Wilderspool, this does not make success a certainty on the Barrow ground. There is no doubt that War- rington ought to win, but they will have to put in all they know, and bear in mind the fact that Wigan sns- tabled an unexpected reverse at Barrow a fortnight ago. -- I am glad to see Dickenson in the premier team once more, and his presence should help a lot towards pull- ing the three-quarter line together. The other change from last week is Jolley for Shugars. The team to play Barrow is :—Berry, full back ; Kenyon, Dicken- son, Taylor, and Widdesen, three-quareers ; Hocken-1 hall and Lees, half backs ; Preston, Boardman, ' Thomas, Herta), Harmer, Belton, Swift and Jolley, forwards. Another gratifying event this week is the re-appear ance of Isherwood, who is indulging in a trial run with the" A" team against Runcorn Fertilisers. The selected • twelve are —Knight;: Jordan, Isherwood, Cartwright and Jones; Lambert and Lloyd; Forster, Fairhurst, Bradshaw, Morrison and Naylor. I hear excellent reports, too, of Fish. He has got rid of his crutches, and means to get himself in fit condition at the earliest moment. There is just an outside chance of Fish, Isherwood and Dickenson all playing against Batley, though this is rather short notice for the." irrepressible." Lancashire and Cumberland met on Wednesday at Wigan to decide the county championship of the Northern Union. The earlier matches in this very limited competition had left these two bracketed for the distinction. An attendance of 5,000 people watched a game that was uninterestingly full of scrummages. Just before half-time Kitchen got a try 1 from Cumberland,and in the second half Harry scored for Lancashire. Neither of the phice-kicks was suc- cessful, neither side scored again, and so the result was a draw of three points each. The rules for this season's Works Competition have now been drawn up and printed, and copies may be obtained from Mr. H. Ashton. The Warrington Club again provides jerseys and pants for competing teams There is no truth in the rumour of a junction between the Northern Union and the leading Welsh clubs. The matter has certainly been informally die cussed by the Welsh clubs, but there is no likelihood of them joining the professional ranks.
