===== 0002601_18931230_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ts.

1.,

ffeo4ll9 Wry. /11 na'°'

Vitir ,es t.

110 0 I.

-..30° alio'.

. ,079'

!rcer' NOP. P!

1411 laAai 11575

py,e.

N(

===== 0002601_18931230_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
REM STERIT,

TRAN!

Dr. ;ncledt , cacti, Let '

citoP r,nce, bas alk'"

~... Iceso_; •uP u* ; thil

Od ; da" er It t 0.5". ly• " gd Per • feia' s'e•a•

ST. HELENS.

same as those given In the Evening.

IMPORTANT NOTICE. DURING THE XMAS SALE. EUSTANCE'S FAMOUS 50q. WATCH CAN BR HAD FpR 455.

A WONDERFUL WARCH.-50S. A thoroughly reliable ALL HAND MADE SILVER E ,G- -LISH PATENT LEV kat WATCH, cap, ed jewelled, and fitte.d, with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, wel, finished, and speci- ally Adapted to fit flat, in the pocket, "FOR FIFTY SHILL- INGS." This watch is tim.-d to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF HOUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIFS COVIPJ.TI) lON I A bona fide Written Guarantee for 15 years given with each watch. This watch can b had in all s zes fitted with crystal or lunet-te /Class. at Ram-. price. Tube t,btainett only from E. and A. lIHSTAN CH, watchmakers. THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK. 43. Sankey-st., Warrington. N.B.—Sent poet-free to all parts of the United Kingdom on receipt of P. 0.0.

WILLIAMS DEACON & MANCHESTER AND ssuPoRD BANK, LIMITBO, RUNCORN. This BANK WILL CLOSB at 12 o'e:celc nom on 3to NDAY aanuary Ist, 1894. _ December 21st, 1893.

CYRIL CHARMER, Agent,

p-ARR'S B ANK ENG COMPANY AND THE ALLIANCE BANK, LIMITED. The OLD B .NIC. RUNCORN, and the SUB-BRANC II at Irodslnm. Ihe CLOSED at 12 o'clock noon, on MONDAY vlanuary 1.t,16414. JAS. B. HOLLAND, Manager. PPE otuaolf, BE IV -STREET, . WA.: RINGTON. (TO-MORROW) SUNDAY EVENIND. DPcettnen 31, 1693. SPSCIAL Sliam ON by the Hey. J. YONGE. Subject : " 1893 : its Events nnd Experiences of Mark and Meaning." Service at 6 30. Usual offertory.

1 m, . , AGED PEOPLES TREAT. . The Committee desire to announce that the treat this I: 7tar win b.. given at the GYMNASIUM. Warrington on ' THURSDAY January 4th 18S4. Dinner to the Old Men at . 12 o'clock at noon, and Tea to Aged Women at 530 in the Zening• An Entertainment will be held at the Empire .. ....eatre Sankey-street at 7.30 public admission 6d. reserve . %eats is.

3. B, 'WRIGHT, Hon. secretary.

-WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BE WSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW. DECEMBER 31, WATCH NIGHT SERVICE. AT 11.15 P.M. ADDRESS BY REV. J. YONGE. All members of Wycliffe P.•;.A. earcestly invited. P.S.A. Hymnal it,ed. Solo by Mr. W. H. Wallington. All seats Free. No Collection. Close shortly after 12.

THE_ ~...... _..._.___ - BANK-1 IN ‘vARRINGTON WILL CLOSE Pot. pon NBW YEAR'S DAY at Twelve o'clock noon ~r . es Banking Co , and the Alliance Bank, Ltd.. N JOHN MURRAY, Per ,-, Manager. Pro The Manchester and Liverpool District Banking Company, Ltd:, R. G. EENSHALL. Per - Manager at Warrington. P Tana ishire mut Yorkshire Bank. Ltd., P. N. GILBERT. Per Manager rtt Warrington. -,ational Provincial Bank of England. Ltd, J. ‘v. BBEVERS. Per Manager at Warrington. Pro Union Bank of Maneliester. Ltd.. JOHN BLACICBURN. ------__ Manager at Warrington. -------

HEATRE ROYAL & OPERA HOUSE,

Bide Proprietor and Manager (also Lessee rot Theßatritesuvßaarl, Sheffield and Leicester) 'CHARD ... MR WALLAC SOARS ...... • &ding Manager and Treasurer __MR. .11-

GRAND ILLUMINATED DAY PERFORMANCE 3 ON SAMIRDAY, DEC. 30TH. MONDAY (NEW YEAII'S

DAY), JAN. 1.3 T AND lEvE it Y SATURDAY NF rERNOON'

IDIJUNG THE PANTOMIME SEASON. ‘,443°}18 OPEN AT 2 O'CLOCK, COMMENCE AT 2-15 °131"-T.h.e Day Perioimancei are in every respect precisely

CHILDRuN UNDER 12 EARS OF AGE ITALF PRIOR TO ALL PARTS. • 4trilltr/A1- EVENING, DECEMBEi ,01

And R. erY Er ening until further notice, will be Produced on a scale of Great Magnificence and Splendour, MR. WALLACE REVILL'S

(SRIVENTN ANNUAL) GRAND CONGO CHRISTMAS PANTOMIME ENTITLED - JACK. AND TUB

BEANSTALK. 13 Y -sr 011 N LEVEY and HARRY F. AIoCLELLAND. th!()TicE.—Owing to the very Great Expense attached to ery.t.Pecial Manufscture of all the New and Beautiful Seen- :mut !-:,re,..es, and Properties, expressly for this production, tire r,i'lrae engag-ment of one of the most talented and expen- the "m2Panies tint has ever appeared at the New Theatre, - --

PRICES OF ADMISSION Will be the same as charged during fast year's Pantomime namely : A„Private Boxes, £2 2s. ; and El 10s. •, Dress Circle, 3s. (First Dress) Orchestral taJls. 2s. ; tipper Circle, Is. 6d. "tiro Pit, 104 Amphitheatre 9d. ; Gallery 6d. *Deers open at 7. Commence at 7-15. Saturdays and enulaY. January Ist,hal(-an-hour earlier. DOORS will be opened at 6-30 each Evening T!turdays an I Monday, January tar., at 6 o'clock). Parties Wishing to avoid the Crush, will be admitted by same, on arnent of 3d. extra to Gallery and Amphitheatre and 6d. RA to other parts of the Theatre.

'------------- THE (1 PASTEUR 1.31-ERM FILTER EXHIBITION, OLD MASONIC ROOMS, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. OPEN DAILY (Except qundays) between the hours of 10 and 6. Every person interested in the important question of hygiene Is cordially invited to view the Filters ; and Tickets of admission may be obtained on apt.lication, written or otherwise, to Mr. WHITFIELD CROFTS. This remarkable Filter has been fitted up at the above rooms regardless of ext ense, and is on view daily. The ser- vices of Dr. Gilbert D. Sutherlan I have been specially retained to affmd technical and bacteriological assistance to those who may be interested in the important question of the preven- tion of disease. , Diseases such as are rightly attributed to water are not caused by chemical substances. The distinction, as has bee. well said, betwePn whol. some water and infectious W 0 et., does not. lie in the coloue, nor in the smell, nor in he taste, nor in the chemical at stye's. It lies, as does the life or death of th,se who drink it, in the presence or absence of diiease germs and the microbes which they develope. " The PASTEUR FILTER is absolutely the only Filter which Insures immunity to the water drinker from the terrible ravages produced t y these disease germs. Read what SIR lIENRY ROSCOE, M.P., Ph.D., F R.S. has stated :--, .. Ordinary FILTERS are no good at all. The only Filter that protects the water drinker from the germs Is the Pastor Filter." THE MINISTER OF WAR FOR FRANCE says "In three out of the four cases Typhoid Fever may be avoldel by using the PASTEUR GERM FILTEIf:' PROFESSOR J. ALFRED WANKLYN and Dr. I GILBERT D. SUTHERLAND,repo The P rt : " ASTEUR GERM FILTER frees water from poison- ous geems. Mere lapse of time cannot affect its efficiency."

WHITE STAR IZENZLAisciEvf YORK every

AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK, direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL to PHILADELPHIA, every WEDNESDAY.

GUION LINE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

ADELAIDE. MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

• VEW ZEALAND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN £1 LINES landing passengers en route at •Tenerlffe, Cape Town, and at Hobart, &o.

TNTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON.I. PHILADELPHIA SAN PRANCI'CO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZBALAND, should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at 4-17 . THE ICAAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. Hy any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO., ACIBNIS.

' i I i$ • O is r,r , 1 ofr: if 's ,eid+ sscr ng. avit' 0 be' U CO" gig°ll), ghic- lk 3 yeti il ct WYCLi r b ,f00,,t-, . Iriana 1: . e e • 4 of . 1 ' . ' : i , 1 . . i ; ' 1 , I ,

===== 0002601_18931230_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18931230_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
Ai ASSAM.: TAUGHT in Manchester ; terms .E 1 is. .T 1 fora course of six lessons.—A.ply Miss ORFENFIELD, liojle for Hospital-trained Nurses and Paying Patients, Stamford-road. Bowdon.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
WARItINGTON CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE. sixteenth Serts.n. GENERAL AGENT W. HOUGHTON, PADDING TON. NEAR WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
(flitliitin

'URD

TEETH. TEETH.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Obipping Pottrel.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR BARGAINS IN TOOLS, CUTLERY, HARDWARE AND IRONMONGERY,'9O TO MRS. ,Ntetuko, 31, and 33, QUEEN-51"MM, NARLESTOWN. NO REASONABLE OFFWBEFUSE3I,

===== 0002601_18931230_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
F °II

ABSOLUTE SALE

CLEARANCE

pRICES

IZEMAINING pORTION

OF CUTTER'S QTOCK

pßEvious

RE-OPENING

OF NEW pREMISES.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
- INT EW YEAR I NEW YEAS!t A CHOICE SELECTION. of _ NEW YEAR'S CARDS,

HAND-PAINTED and others can be bad at

T. CLARK'S, EXAMINER" OFFICE, MARKET-ST., EARLESTOWN. A great variety a Christmas novelties in general. together with yearly Volumes, Yieture Books, &O.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
REMAINDER OF STOCK

COMPRISES-

TATNING-ROOM FURNITURE, con- ti4ting of ehoicA selection of SIDE- 110ARDS, DINING TABLES. DINNER WAGONS, DINING-ROOM SUITES In richly figured Brown Oak; Fumi- gated Oak, American Walnut, Dark Mahogany, Ac., Ac.

TARAWING-ROOM FURNITURE. vonriati lg of range of CAB- INETS', OVERNIANTLES, Occasional CHAIRS, IABLES. Ac , Inlaid Rose- wood. Chippendale, Mahogany, an. All lateek,Ari Bale Design.

IBRARY FURNITURE. consisting LA of BOOKCASES, with secretalre drawers. DWARF BOOKCASES, Re- volving-froot. LIBRARY TABLES. in Walnut. Mithogani , Fumigated Oak, and a choice selection of AntigneOak. BEDROOM FURNITURE. consisting of a variety of richly figured BROWN OAK. MAHOGANY, A. Sc., and a stock of BRASS BEDSTEADS; also BRASS and IRON BEDSTEADS and BEDDING.

lIALL FUHNITURB, consisting of HATSTANDS. HALL TABLBS, ALL SETT iLBS. HALL CHAIRS, ate., together with a variety ot miscellaneous (,00D3, consisting of Bamboo Tables, Stand... Jardinieres. Standard Lamp ,creei s. /cc., .to.. suitable for Christmas Presents.

CUTTER'S BUSINESS had been established half a century, and during this period they held 'thigh-class rputation for supplying really good and soundly constructed FURNITURE.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
Is. 9d:per

ANNUAL WINTER SALE. ANNUAL WINTI R SALE. ANNUAL WINTER SALE.

J. AND W. DIJTTON

RESPECTFULLY ANNOUNCE THAT THEIR

ANNUAL

CLEAVANCE SALE

S JRPLUS S 10C.K

===== 0002601_18931230_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WILL COMAIENCE ON

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1894,

AND WILL CONTINUE I U IN JANUARY.

16 & 18 S _ANKEY STREET,

WARRINGTON,

ANNUAL WINTER SALE. , ANNUAL WINTER SALE.

ANNUAL WINTER SALE.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD EVENING!

IIAVR YOU HAD A DRINK OF THE FAMOUS "TEW-ITT" STOUT

T O-D A Y IF NOT. TRY IT.

ADDRESS-

H ICHARD FORSHAW

COLLINS GREEN BREWERY.

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.

TUCK AND CO.. Limited.

INDIA RUBBER A PURE ASBESTOS GOODS.

LEATHER BELTING. G tutrmite ea quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn, or X.JEM MED ONLY.

BONA FIDB MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street, Liverpool, Also at. 35, Market Street, Manchester. London. Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin. LBATIIBR WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

SALLSOPP & SON'S MILD AND BITTER &LEA • And D'ARCY A SON'S CHLRBBATED DUBLIN STOUT In 9, 18, and 36 Gallon Casks, or Bottom. AO/LNT

PETER LEIGH, HORSIIIIIRICRT STRICNT. WARRINGTON.

3Dotelq.

QOUTIIPORT, SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Promenade S extension. Pbyiclan, Dr. Bernardo. A summer find winter residence, combining nil the comfort eof a pleasant home. Sea view. parks, pier, and trams near. Ne.v Turkish nnel other baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.—J. BOOCOM proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL.

34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOME COMFORTS. CLHANLINESS AND QUIET.

Central for business or nieseure.

Publirationo.

4G HOW TO ENSURE F:ALTIL"—A medical- work giving Prescriptions And Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility; po4 free, two stemps.—Addreis Dr. BAnnscs, 48. Lonsdale Square. Barnsbury, London. N.

fI EN WHO ARE WEAR should read the best and .I..VJL most valuablework on ATROPH Y and vmucocr.mr. by M.D., Ch.M., with special chapters on the explanation of vital secrets and the certain CORK of PI °STRATTON, DEBILITT and Dacay. The purest guide in essential matters. post Free, 2d.—Address BURGEON," Coptord Lodge, Brighton Sussex.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
IZAPIIAEL'S ALMANAC FOR 1894.

_ It tells the farmer when to sow his crops and buy and sell his cattle end farm produce. It tells Ito' gardener when to sow, plant, t ransplant, prune. or do anything else. It tells the young men when to coort and marry. It tells the unmployed the exact days and boors to seek work with success. ILteii. w I lett t o set to wl s, t ravel.recooye.ask favours,deal with others, buy, sell, sign contracts, speculate, hire servants, ac. It contains Birthday Information for every day of the year, also the Fate of any Citlit boln diming MC Numerous useful Tables. Legal and Commercial Notices. The Patent Kings. Nations and In tiyiduals. Vivisection. Theosophy. Burned at tho state. The Mystery of Death. Cruelty to Children, lc. Trice 6d. post free 7d. FOLlL9llalf, 4, Pilgrim-it- Ludgaw Hill. D.C.—town amp LAITHWAITE. WarlingtOn. and all ntlittantrit.

HOME MADE MARMALADE.

A DELICACY IN EVERY HOUSEHOLD. COLLINGE'S SEVILLE ORANGE MARMALADK

SOLD BY ALL OROCERS.-WORKS EARLESTOWN.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
In advanoe

===== 0002601_18931230_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

•

===== 0002601_18931230_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18931230_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

PAIN KILLERI Get a bottle to-day of PERRY DAVIS'S PAIN KILLER.

CARTE3'3 UTILE LIVER ?US. Small Pill Small Dose TILE Small 4 'Price Forty in a ial Sugar Coated Pure li Vegetable Cure Torpid Liver Without Fail Chescult3:

,il,ots directly on the igea of Pain Cures ds,Cougim Head- gramp and 9sefitosaasl, Colic. Di ar rh ce a, Cholera, &a. sll Chemists • at ad 2:9. Avoid In Itattern under misleading uames._

Tint fears of the drowning man are groundless. AN "object of interest" is to swell the prin- cipal. " STRIKERS " are only popular in base ball and cricket. WHAT LS it which though never lost is constantly found? A verthet. Ws= is ink a caustic? When it "burns the fingers" of him who uses it. Peorsz we must put up with. —Hotelkeepers and pawnbrokers. IF a man gets up when the day breaks, can he be said to have a whole day before him? " Wirer a slippery 'elm!" as the cockney ex- 'clamed, when the tiller slipped from his grasp. "DOCTOR," said a lady, "are colds contagious?" "No, madam, but they re catching." Tile man who trilled in a courtship found himself suddenly launched on the sea of matri- mony. AN enthusiastic lover in Texas says that his "true love's lips are a pink portico to the soul beiond." AN amateur singer frightened two canary birds to death. That was a case of- killing two birds with one's tone. TUE "running (away) expenses" of several moneyed institutions,"incurred by fugitive officers, have swamped them. "Goon gracious," said the hen when she dis- covered porcelain egg on the nest, "I shall be a bricklayer next." 6110EgIAKERS and glove-fitters invariably take great interest in womens' rights—and their lefts, too, for that matter. "AYE, Dugald," said Dugald's "friend," "as you say, you are sober and honest, but very little of either, and not much of both." , " Mamma, I want some raisins." "Vey well, take a handful." "A handful? Oh, weal you give them to me? Your hand is larger." AN old farmer being asked if he trusted to the fates for good crops, answered; " Well, yes, a good deal —phosphn,le,.4." A Gtonera editor, in speaking of a iival, says: ." A piece of charcoal would snake a white mark on his conscience !" . " TEMPER in a wife I". exclaimed old Cclonel "1 like temper in a wife. hike it so men that I hope my wife 'll never lose hers." " You'ss Miss it if you don't get married," said s lady to her 'daughter. "Perhaps so, ma, but L.-en, you know, a girl always Mrs. it by marriage." IN Lapland, where the nights_ are from three to -.ix months long, beaux often kiss their sweethearts " good-night" about six weeks before daybreak. AN Irish editor, when refused permission to •'fight a duel with his, spectacles on, complained that he could not see to shoot his father without them. THE world is usually intererested to know the lest words. of a man. It doesn't care so much about those of a woman. She has had her last word all through life. THEY are making the new styles of collars so high that before long young men will have to stand on tiptoe to see anything at all. "Tors is capital ale," said an old toper, "see how long it keeps its head." "Aye," said a by- stander, but consider how soon it takes - away yours." THE old gentleman who changed ,his will explained that he wasn't , feeling very well, and he thought he would try a change of heir. "ARE ye needin' ony sticks the day, mistress?" said Rebie, an itinerant timber-dealer. "Sticks, Roble—what kind o' sticks ?" "Wad sticks, to be shure." AN Arizona man has stopped taking an agricul- tural paper. He wrote to the editor, asking him how to get rid of gnats. The answer came in the next issue of the paper, "Kill them.'' "Ctatiotts world, this," said an old man to a fellow traveller. "Very," was the laconic reply. "And it's strange," continued the venerable philosopher, "very strange that so few of us get out of it alive." MRS. BEACON (slew to housekeeping)—" Good morning, .Mr. Cutts, can you give me a good piece of roast beef ?" Supercilious butcher—" Madame, I can give you a good piece of beef to roast." Do not be too emphatic in the expression of your opinions, my son. I once heard your mother speak of the Bliggses as the scum of the earth. Since then the " scum " has risen as it always does, fitst or last, and will have milling to do with your mother or me. A BOSTON court has decided that a Woman wise lends her husband money cannot get it back, in Massachusetts. Married women have found that to be the case in other States besides Massa- chusetts. "IT is not the truth in her remarks," said a suffering husband, at the same time pointing at his wife, "that aggravates me, but it is the crush- ing quantity of remarks that she pntsin her truth." A Caprrai. HIT.—" The conflict that should have ended in the field is renewed, in the Senate, and Bush laurels as never wreathed the hero's sword kai lossom eq. the Editigisa's jaff." DatiteAlt rvm hquires, " HO* iihould a person speak of a clock! 'she' Dr 'it;' she' is fast, or 'lt' is bet ? " Depends entirely upon the clock. If the clock is a striking one call her a "she " every time. "How is your son getting along, Charles?" "Oh, pretty well; only that he is a little puffed up with his own importance. Knows more than his father, you know." ' Ab, then, the boy is net quite an idiot!" " VVuer's the first thing you would elo Jones, if you were stung by a hornet ? " asked Smith, who had been reading an article on the treatment of stings. "Swear," replied Jones, solemnly. And the conversation abruptly ceased. Youno housekeeper after gazing helplessly at the different cuts—" I want a piece that I can use for soup." lautehers--" People generally get forelegs for soup, ma'am." Young housekeeper, aghast-1" How many did you say? Fear?" YouNo HUSILAND—" Now, love, which will you have—the chatelaine watch, the bracelets, or the necklasse ?" Young wife—" We must avoid all unnecessary expense, dear. I'm sure if you buy all three the man will give you a reduction on them ria your own saving, economical little wifey, ain't I?' AT one time (says Rogers) when I gave a dinner, I used to have candles placed all round the dining- room, and high up, in order to show off the pic- tures., I asked Sydney Smith how he liked the plan. "Not at all," he replied : "above there is a blaze of light, and below, nothing but darkness and gnashing of teeth." LADY CUSTOMER—" Have you any book devoted exclusively to the negro race?" Bookseller—" don't think there is any such work published." Lady Customet —" What is the best thing you have in that line?" Bookseller—" Well, we have a number of books on racing, and nearly all con- tain coloured illustrations. Take your pick, madam; here's half a dozen." . "1 TELL you, Bromley. I've married an angel." "Oh, no doubt I Wait until you've been married as long as I have." "She's all smiles, Bromley; never a cross word. Her voice is as sweet as the eound of a harp. Her--" "Oh, she reminds you of a harp, does she? Inside of a year she'll remind you of an accordion." "Why of an accordion?" "Because shell make the most noise when you attempt to shut her up." A POF.TESS warbles :—" I love to sing when I am glad ; song is the echo of my gladness. I love to sing when I am sad, for my song makes sweet my very sadness." From which we infer that she loves to sing. Her neighbours have not yet been heard from, we presume. Toe learned Professor Bush, being once asked if he knew how to mike a mango, took up a bundle of manuscript and solemnly said : "Yes, raimply hand him this, and ask him to read it immediately, and give me big candid opinion of it. It's one of my eldest sermons, and it never yet failed to make any man go that I tried it on." A Mississippi politician, in the card announcing his candidacy, frankly said; "At the earnest ' solicitation of the large and respectable body of freemen to whom I owe money I have consented to become a candidate for the office of County Treasurer." A Sr. Loris reporter stated it in this way: "Miss Angelina Jordan yesterday morning at ght the kitchen fire with kerosene, tempted to li and the can bursting, she passed over leit name asid became a part of her first."

-7::,i*'4A

• BEAUTFW. TR*l ensured by thi, timely use of that delicate aromatic baoth-wash, Fragrant _ _ _

===== 0002601_18931230_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
'AIN KILLER

SOZO-DONT

which will spet.day arrest the proga,s of decay,harden the gums. anti impart a deLglatful I flagrance to tie breath. All Chemists sea it.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT.

The proposal to erects Jewish Toynbee Ball in the East End has now practically been accepted by the community. The building will in all probabil- ity be known as the Rothschild Hall, and will no doubt be eventually the centre of much valuable eacial and educational work.

I hear that the War Office authorities have just satisfactorily completed a series of important ex- periments in connection,with aerial navigation. The French have lately boasted, and • not without reason, of the advance they have made in connec- tion with their navigable balloons. I learn that the English War Office has quite as much reason for congratulation. The English experiments have been conducted in secrecy, but I have reason to believe that considerable progress has been made towards the solution of the chief difficulty—that connected with the provision of a reliable steering apparatus. ,

Although at the present time there appears very little likelihood of any skating, the National Skat- ing Association is busily preparing for the advent of the frost for which the devotees of the pastime are longing. Branches of the Association are being organized in various parts of the country, and in return for a small capitation fee the central body supplies copies of rules, tests, Stc., and the badges for speed or figure skating which may be gained by members. The metropolitan branch of the Associa- tion covers an area of twenty miles from Charing- cross, and candidates for the figure tests will have little trouble to find an examiner, some twenty-five judges having been appointed. Hendon and Wim- bledon are the headquarters for judging, but judges will attend at several other popular resorts. The races over various distdnces will also .be held at Hendon. The enthusiasts need not yet despair, for the first race last winter was not decided until the middle of January, •

The Parisians, true to their reputation, are mak- ing haste to laugh at the bombshell explosion at the Chamber of Deputies. Menufacturers of the dainty little trifles called " articles de Paris " have flooded the jewellers and fancy-goods shops this Christmas-tide with Vaillant's saucepans. These are miniature saucepans, set with paste diamonds and pearls, for ornaments. At the toyshops there is a new toy, the bomb which opens at the top. Directly the .lid is taken off, a little black devil darts out and ' makes a squeaking noise. Meanwhile, people who are in want of iron saucepans are delaying pur- chasing them as as long as possible. A work- ing-man who went into a large haztar and inquired the price of one was asked to wait it little while, and the assistant, having sent for a policeman, :.romptly arrested the would-be purchaser on sus- picion of being an Anarchist. Fort nnately for him. Ihe was able to prove that his wife simply want,-A the saucepan to make the d'!mest le pot-au-feu.

The friends of Sir George Berkeley, late Governor of the Leeward Islands, who were pained on Thurs- day to read the erroneous uncuncemcnt of his death. in the " Times,' are not alone in this peculiar form of annoyance. Lord Louth v. as reported dead three years ego, but came back from Pan and married a wife. The Earl of Westmeath was the object of a similar unpleasant attention in the following year, and so Was Sir Joseph Bazalgette, but Sir Joseph 'lied soon afterwards. Earl Derby and Sir Patrick Colquhoun were both the subjects of long obituary I notices during their life-time., but unlike the great Lord Clyde and Lord Brougham, had not. an oppor- tunity °Breading all the pleasant things that were said about them.

Even the sprightly blies Lottie Collins did not escape these gruesome attentions. While in America she read her death notice in an English paper and sent back word that "a livelier corpse never kicked." The explanation of the mistake by, the "Times," that Sir George Berkeley who had really died had not received his title in time to be included in this year's knightage, recalls a similar experience of the "Morning Post." Two years ago that journal announced that Lady Blanche limier had died, forgetting that vol. Hozier of Mauldslie had been raised to the baronetcy during the year, and that his wife, whose death should have been , announced, had become Lady Hczier. . ,

Queen Mary of Hanover , is,probably the 01.1, royal personage who enjoyed the luxury of reading her own obituary. W hile European papers were indulg- ing in lamentations over her decease, she was walk- ing about Kissingen in excellent health, and we- greatly perturSed. by the receipt of countless tele- grams to her lady-in-waiting, askingAint her last moments. • ; .1* i•-• -771 Mr. Henry Pettitt, to,, .usiest u,,matist of the day, and a man utterly unspoiled by success, paid the penalty of hard work on Sunday afternoon. Mr. Pet lift was born in London. and was descended from a Huguenot family, who fled from France and aftei - wards settled in Essex. Family misfortunes ham- pered his start in life, and when a boy of fifteen he was playing a small Irish part in a Sadler's Wells pantomime. He then commenced to send shorr. contributions to boys' periodical., and goon after took to teaching, at which he remained during six years.

Henry Pettitt's tendency towards dramatic work received its first practical stimulus when he met Paul Neritt. The two aspiring youths combined tAs. write a play for George Conquest at the Grecian. The play succeeded so well that young Pettitt left the school-room for good, became treasurer at the Grecian, collaborated with his employer in "Queen's Evidence," and floated to tortunn on the tide ot po?ularity. He has been associated in the produc- tion of play after play during the lass thirteen years, sometimes in conjunction with his old friend , Paul Meritt, at other times with Sir Augustu4, Harris, and nore recently with Mr. George R. Sims. He was a tall, spare-looking man with a ;pleasant open lace, tair hair, and a heavy drooping moustache which a trooper aright envy. He wen.", in fact, in every respect more kke a soldier than a literary man.

Sir George Elliot, whose death is announced, was known in his native county of Durham as the bon- nie pit laddie. He began life as a collier bey, even- tually developing into a working pitman. It is on record that be laid She foundatiam of Ms fortune by utilising the waste coal dust of the local mines in ; the manufacture of coke, thus inaugurating what is now one of the most profitable industciel of Dur- ham. Like most men who have made huge 8111318 by speculations in concessions, Sir George Elliot was a very genial man. His friends said his fingers had the virtues of Midas. He was recently engaged in many commercial speculations, especially in the South Welsh district and was supposed to be a Man of enormous wealth. A few months ago, when the coal strike was at its height, Sir George attracted ' widespread attention by his scheme that the coal- ownersshould amalgamate their interests in a co- operative company,charged with the working of the entire coal deposits of the country. He was among other things,head of one of the foremost wire manu- facturing firms in the kingdom,

Some entertaining stories of Do Quincey make up a lively chapter of Mr. litertraneo" Memories." How the delivery of his " copy" to "Tait's Magazine " was managed when be was "in sanctuary" at llolyrood is told in lively fashion, and the polite- : ness and talkativeness of the Opium-Eater are well brought out. Sometimes the copy came with a man who said he got it from a neighbour. "And . where did Le get it ?" was asked. "Oh, he got it from the little man, sir,that makes the tine speeches and lives down yonder,sir." Once a cabman came anti said—" A little gentleman. as polite as a prince although he wasn't dressed like one, gave me this to bring here, and he said I would get a shilliag for my trouble." When free, to call himself with his copy, he timidly laid it down on the table, and then explained what it was about, talking another essay in the course of the explanation. " It's very good," said Mr. Tait once,referring to the MS. which De Quiucey had left," but not quite so good as his talk about it.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
,0 ~.....°,i , ..474w.,4 4,,,,/, eli :.° " r Fie/kV yzivoieg.

GIVE EASE Sc COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Pleakant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try them and prove their value for yourselves. Sold everywhere in palkets, ls. I,ld. and 21.9 d., or post free 14 or 34 stamps.

S. PRITCHARD, CHEMIST, CHEADLE, MANCHESTER aiteCliorßon

I)lstricts.

LIMITED.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1893. LADIES' LETTER.

• .p accordance with other facts of moral origin and highest dictation. It is sometimes asserted that_ when people

live together, or are intimately associated, they- giow like each other, and we know that schcolboys are apt to catch any peculiarity of habit or expression of their tutor or schoolmaster. This is undoubtedly the case, but it is a very different thing from heredity. Physical peculiarities acquired accidentally are not transmitted. A man loses a leg, but his children are born with their proper compliment. For generations past it has been customary to cut off the ears and tails of certain breeds , of dogs, but it has not resulted in the establishment of a race of animals unfurnished with these useful appen- dages. On the other hand, when by a curious freak of nature a man is born with a supernumerary finger or toe he may transmit this peculiarity to his children. It sometimes happens that children of one sex exhibit an hereditary taint, whirst those of the opposite sex escape it. The boys "take after" the father and the girls after the mother, and a tendency to disease may be more or less powerful as the child resembles one or other parent. " The Family Physician."

T E A S,

OUR SPECIAL BLENDS AT 1/7 AND 2/- PER LB. -

Delivered Free by our own Vans in Warrington.

Widnes, Leigh, Atherton, Tyldesley, and

Write for Samples and particulars to

THOMAS JONES AND CO.,

CB AFTER XXV.

4 - 91 PARKER STREET

' LIVBRPOOL.

LOYEUf GIRLS PASSE° r StiILING 'IKEA Sv,EMETEST ' • comb 26,

PARTED BY FATE;

OB THE MYSTERY OF BLACK-TOR TaHTIIOIISE.

BY LATJRA JEAN LIBBEY, Author of "lone, the Pride of the Mill," &e., &c.

"IT IS BEST TIIAT 11E SHOULb BEL/EVE ME DEAD."

-- - As the train ihad rushed on through the dark ness, Uldene had turned away with a bitter cry. She saw by the dim light of rue stars a path run- ning parallel with the iron rails, and her feet stuck into the path. Sue knew not, oared not, whither It led. She walked through the fragrant, starlit dark- ness of the summer night like one in a hideous

have died to promuLO Uhiene,. it she could have done so. The tnouget that; the man She loved was free never crossed the mind of noule, pure-hearted Vetlie. Perhaps something like this occurred to Nella Sefton, when, a few days later, she bade Verlie write to Rutledge Cheater, expressing their sorrow e.t his great loss.. It was long months before the letter reached nut- ledge, forwarded, as it had been, from place to place where he had been stopping. He answered it gratefully, thanking them for their kindly simpathy ; but no second letter came to him. He remained abroad for another year. Then the longing came to him to return Once more to his native land. Ile had suffered another great loss while abroad. At Venice his father had joined him. Two days after the steamer had left port, taking them to Paris, his father had died suddenly on shipboard. After this sad event, the longing was strong upon Rutle(.lge to return home. Two weeks later he was once again in Washing- ton. Society received handsome Rutledge Chester with open arms. lie had always been a prime favourite h the young ladies, and they ha a not forgotten him, it seemed, judging from the cards he received.

He went to few entertainments, however,, and his friends were sOect and few. He did not care much for hall; and seldom went to them ;bat he was induced one evening to attend the ball given by Mrs. Renwick at her villa in the suburbs of the gay capital. Ho had decided at first not to go ; then, afterward, finding that a very .ntimate friend of his, Captain Lansing, was going, he changed his mind. " We shall see some of the prettiest faces in Washington there„" declared the captain, enthusi- astically. " That is not my weakness," laughed Rutledge Chester, good hunionredly. " I would rather meet eminent politicans than pretty faces. " This ball is in honour of a young lady guest from some southern city, who is stopping with Mrs. Renwick. I have seen no one like her. She is so beautiful. Again Rutledge laughed at his friend's en- thusiasm. " What is she like?" be asked, more to please his friend than for any special interest he felt in the subject. • "I cannot describe ber," was the brief answer. "Why not ? ' asked Rutledge. "If 1 wero a poet I might find words in which to describe her. As lam not, Ido not know how to begin.," replied the young captain. "She is simply the loveliest girl in the wide world. 1 only know that her hair seems to have caught the glory of the sonlight. It is gold, with a beautiful, natural ripkle. Her eyes are like twin bluebells, soft and veivety, beautifully, darkly blue. I can imagine that any man looking into a uch eyes would be lost, and forget eveiything else." "Have you looked into them ?" asked Rutledge, smiling. " No," was the fervent response. "I wish I could. I have never yet been able to win one glance from her. " I take very little interest in paragons," said Rutledge, indifferently ; and this reply rather pleased the captain.

• dream. "What; should she.do ? Where should she go?" she asked herself. And- sgain the wild .prayer rase to her lips: "Would to Heaven death would come to her and end it all 1" But, alas I the boon of death seldom Carflel when the wretched call. "I have lost all that I hold dear in the world," she sobbed, )Ite:iusly. • " I am parted by fate, more cruel -.11 death, from Rutledge. - What is there left to live fort If I had braved fate, would it have ended in a tragedy ?" ,The whispered, below her breath. "1 dared not risk it. Oh, no, no, no Better to part from Ritle•ige while he loves me, , than wait in terror, too pitiful to be described by 1 weak words, for the hour to come in which he would know all, and hate me, with bitter hatred. My head aches. lam too tired to think," she said to herself. . How far she travelled that night, or which! direction she took, were details Uldene could never remember. When the red gleam of early dawn broke through the leaden grey sky, she found herself near a small railway station. A sense of her position came to her. "Now," she said to:herself, "I must think what I am to do." She could bear from afar off the shrill shriek of an approaching train, and the thought occurred to her that she would take it, no matter whence the directirm. It mattered little to her where she went. She pushed through the crowd in waiting toward the ticket office. "That young girl is ill," whispered a motherly looking woman to her husband, as Uldene passed them. "See, she is as white as death, and her dark eyes burn like flame." Uldene heard her, and a wild hysterical sob rose to her lips. 11l I What was an the illness in the world corm pared to what she was suffering? She stood quite irresolute, gazing helplessly around her. The voice of the officious ticket clerk broke in upon her confused musings, Where to, miss ?" he inquired, in a brisk, pleasant manner. -Uldene did not know herself. She muttered some inherent reply. "Did you say you wished to go to—" The shriek of the approaching train drowned his voice. Uldene did not catch the name of the place he had mentioned. Slie knew he was waiting ins• patiently for her answer. "Yes, that is where I want to go," she said. "Do you want a check for your trunk, miss ?" he asked, as he handed her her ticket and change for the bank-uote she had given him. She looked so bewildered at travelling alone, so young and inexperienced. "No, she had no trunks," she said, turning

away. The clerk looked after her, telling himself he had never seen co beautiful a creature. When Uldene was seated in the car she found that she had purchased a through tick-et for Balti- more. During the long ride Uldene attracted much attention from the pav•engers around her. They wondered why she kept her face turned so per- sistently toward the window. They could quite see that the strained gaze W 143 too ititcnt for seo-

CHAPTER XXVI. THE RIVAL LOVERS. The grand ball-room was crowded when Rutledge tuna his friend reached the villa. Mrs. Renwick had often invited the senator's handsome eon to the villa, but he had never yet accepted an invita- tion. When she saw him enter the ball-room with Captain Lansing, she was delighted. She received him with the greatest cordiality, and he could not help feeling just a little flatteied. He passed on, the captain by his side. "I should imagine, by the disconsolate expres- sion of your face, you do not see your charming in- amorata," said Rutledge. "No, she is not here," returned the captain, adding : " I shall take but little interest in the ball until she does make her appearance." Lovely girls passed them by, smiling their sweetest and challenging theni with their bright, roguish eyes; but the captain looked anxiously past them all toward the door. At length his face brightened up, "She is here," he said, with a thrill of delight. "Come, Rutledge, and I will present you to the queen of the ball." And both of the young men crossed the room together. "She is always surrounded by a throng of admirers," said the captain, impatiently. ' We shall be obliged to await our turn. I shall not be able to claim one waltz," he raid, noticing how quickly her tablet was being filled." "Courage," laughed Rutledge. "A faint heart never wins fair lady ;" but he would net have said that's few hours later. "I shall press forward and try my fate," replied the captain eagerly. "I shall ask her for one waltz with the hope that she may give me two." "I hope she will," returned Rutledge, smiling at his friend's earnestness. But one hour afterward he would not have expressed that hope. From his position he could not see the young girl's face for the pretty fan she held before it. A moment later, he was bowing low before her. "Miss Sefton," _he heard the captain say, nejrvously, "allow me to present you my friend, Mt Chester." Rutledge raised his eyes in the most intense sur- prise, his heart thrilling with a pleasure so keen it was almost pain. Surely it could not be—yes, it was—Verlie, The meeting with Rutledge was quite as much of a surprise and shock to Verne. She VMS the first to recover her comp 'sure, however. "Is it possible you did not know Mr. Chester is , a relative of mine—by marriage ?" she asked turn- ing to the astonished captain, when the greeting was over. "The young wife whom he lost by death nearly two years ago was my beloved sister Uldene." At that moment, much to the captain's infinite annoyance, Mrs. Renwick, his hostess, came up to claim him. "1 shall not leave you: until you have promised me a waltz," he said to Verlie, anticipating that that was the very favour Rutledge had in- tendqd to ask. "1 hare just one waltz left," said Verlie, smil- ing; "I shall be pleased to give it to you." And that smile quite disturbed &Wedge Cheater. Both gentlemen gazed for one instant into that bewitching girlish face, and they looked at each ether sharply. The captain bowed and turned away, and much against his will, followed his hostess from the spot. "Verlie,' said Rutledge, when he found himself alone with her," will you come to the conservatory? I have so much to say to you—so much to talk to you about." She placed her little hand on his arm, but he did not notice how that little gloved hand trembled. He did not know the valiant effort she made to still the loud throbbing of her heart. Verlie had told herself long since that she had forgotten him; that the love that had once filled ' her heart for him had (lied out; but now, as she stood face to face with him again, she realised thet her love for him was still warm in her heart, and the knowledge made poor Verlie doubly shy with him. ' As they stood among the flowers in the con- servatory, listening to the splash of the perfumed' water of the fountain, they talked of Uldene. It was a great surprise to Rutledge to hear that Verlie had never ceased writing each week to Uldene's old address, but the letters had never been answered. How was he to know that beautiful, guilty 1 Uldene had always torn these letters up, that the Sef tons might lose all trace of her That half hour by the fountain neither of them ever forgot in all the long years of bitter pain and ' sorrow that followed. They both returned to the ball-room with a new, strange thrill in their hearts. The captain came up at once to claim Verlie for the waltz she had womised him, and away they floated together to the dreamy measure of the sweet I dance music. The captain quite thought it was the pretty compliments which he was paying her that brought that unusual flush to her cheek and the unwonted , sparkle to her bright blue eyes. How was he to I know that she was recalling every look that had I crossed Rutledge Chester's handsome face as they ' stood together by the fountain, and every word he had uttered? "They made a very handsome couple—Verlie and the captain," whispered his hostess, confi- dently. "1 should not wonder if it woula end in a match." The careless words pierced Rutledge Chester's heart like the thrust of a keen blade. The care- lessly spoken words brought a strange, troubled ' thought to his heart. If the captain won Verlie Sefton for his bride, all the light and brightness of this world would be over for him. Ile had often persuaded himself into the ballet' that it had been simply admiration that had filled I his heart in that never-to-be-forgotten past for sweet, golden-haired Verlie; and that the love of his life had been given to Inane, and his heart lay_huried in her gray%

When rldene reached her destination, end found herself alone in the crowded streets, she felt more forlorn and desperate than ever.. She vi as tempted to cry out for help and pity. She was cold and hungry, and the thought occurred to her to find a quiet boarding-house where she eould get a cup of tea and rest, and think, looking the dark, dread futuro fully in tne. face. By inquiry she found just such a plaoa as she needed, and secured a room at once. She was 8o thoroughly exhausted she was not able to leave it for three days. When, at last, she was able to go down to the little meagre sitting-room—by courtesy called a parlour—she saw a paper.lying on the centre-table, and the startling head-lines of the first column caught her eye, and held her spell-bound. "That was a terrible accident," said the voluble landlady, pointing to the column. " About mid- way down the page it tells of the grief of a frantic young husband who found the body of his bride so terribly mutilated that he could never have recog- nised her if it had not been for her wrap and satchel. How I wept for poor Mr. Chester as I read it." A low, suppressed cry fell from Uldene's With shaking, cold hands he picked up the paper, and the first paragraph that met her eye was the graphic account of her own tragio death by the wrecking of the train. She read on with dazed eyes, how she had been buried in the family vault, and of the wild grief of her husband. Uldens read the aeocuut through a second time, and a third time, and as she sat there holding the paper in her hand, she made to herself a solemn vow. As Rutledge believed her dead, she would remain so to him while her poor life lasted. He should never know that she lived. Fate must have foreseen this when the young girl in the seat at the back of her had consented to take chat ge of her wrap and satohel. It was more bitter than death, for she loved him better than life itself ; but the curse, the doom that hung over her—this hapless daughter of a fated race—made it imperative for her to put the whole world between herself and the man she loved. Yes, she would drag out her weary life in soli- tude, and Rutledge Chester should believe that she slept in the old vault in the graveyard. She would watch over him from afar like a guardian angel ; but he should never know—never know the pitiful truth. As she read further down another sentence met ,her eye. After she had read it she threw up her hands and fell like one dead to the floor. These were the words she read : "On the day following the burial of his beautiful young bride, Rutledge Chester had suddenly closed up his business affairs and had gone abroad, none knew whither.. To a friend who had accompanied him on board the steamer he had said he might be gone from his native land for years—perhaps forever." There were three others who read that tragic: story with intense emotion—Mark Sefton and his wife, and Verlie. "May Heaven forgive me for my wicked thoughts toward poor Uldene," she sobbed, "now that she is dead.' Long and bitterly Verne mourned for Uldene. True, she had spoiled her young life—made it desolate end dreary, Ind, for all that, 17:eel°. would

I)c> jones ei Cc" tj'e a r•e-1, , tp '' .t;'''''''..s • i fr CK`64' s fla•let . ,-,,,,,* 4. .# • ',,,:0.,, ‘ ,t„,„,„,,,,.. „4,..,,,,,.: • • .6:::5.,,,.,. •4,-;, L, V;:e•-?., ~ , .4 , i 7,-, ' .;!.'h '? eF •, • IVO ''.• .t.l, _ It• L.. , Ve* the Quaty , , N.. ..;41.,.:;.. a At ..,,v;,....tv, . ibolorxswo " - TE-'''' 0 uortv'car.4

• . 1 1 111 i ';' -\\ll i . \l'' H., , 11 ~,. 1 ~,..1., e" 4 1 ,', 4:yt; ,A• 1 . l'?‘i :1 # '' i • "P /1' • ? &41,..1., tc.f.' '',vx: 4,;; '..,., ii, ,4; IFNei i 1,,,,„,,,0 .. fr) L:. k..... ./ It ir.,..:, lil.: -,...is ,•1,1 i . 1,1 ,1 4,,/,,,J.,:- ' r. t ./ f: '1 i " ' ';';' /:. ', AtH',', i lh \ ' if- ... Ilk :.; _.„.•:4 .;,; ;:: ''‘iit-t-;1, ; l' ' \I, tl' `sit i; .% '1! ''\V;; ' ''{: " ' :'''o4 ' ',',',,k i t . _,,,0; ,etliii t• ; It ; ,•;; is;!; ; tr; !,: 4 OINNIII '1.:17 ' . ''' tri -1,..` ): t:t.#4,lA ' i •,,4 (;11 (' ;11 it ~ 'il'l':. ,l'\\:\ \ kltx,il' 't,ir : ' I' , 1, ' : ,11,i.:!*;•,,,;,.111 li ': .\ „ II 'l.l•A' 'l-1 ,'''01.44.4 (I ' I , ' 11 ' .I{\ :,.. -1,3,',1\k,rj,1 i \ i \--'1 Mk' 11' ' I \ \ ''' !' ''t . . 1 i ' ''''‘i 'ii . I .11 :I. 'VI . -gEri ille i • .

===== 0002601_18931230_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
MT DEAEEST NELLIE,

The festive time of Christmas invariably brings with it a round of parties, and one of the most pleasing features of the season is the number of children's parties which are held during the few wegks following the holiday. Many of these par- take of the nature of fancy dress dances, and I have no doubt a few ideas will be acceptable to you. Some very dainty little dresses are being prepared ready for the prospective Christmas parties. One for a wee lassie of live is of ahob- ehell pink and pale green Pongee. The fall eC.irt is trimmed with two bands of cream lee* insertion, and is gathered to a deep square yoke, bordered with lace, and having a full loose reeette of the silk just in front of each Wm bob. The full sleeves are of silk, and deep laee epaulettes fall over the top. Another pret!y dress has as ivory.' white crepon skirt edged with cream lace laid over pale bine velvet, and 6 full bodice composed entirely of alternate puffs of crept:in and ineertinne of hoe; the sash is of pale blue silk, and ruches of lace en- circle the throat and finish off the 'crepon elbow. sleeves. A smart party dress, intended for an older girl, has for material pink crepon ; the skirt Is trimmed with a flounce of the same headed .by a band of cream lace insertion thirentth whieth•a black satin ribbon is run. The batque of the bodice is edged with a narrower frill similarly headed, and lace threaded with ribbon borders the pelerine and the three epaulette frills.

Nursery lore suggests many delightful drones for boys and girls, and the little ones always mem to find great pleasure in impersonating their pet: heroes and heroines. Little Boy Blue, Jack Homer and his Christmas pie, Jack the Giant Killer, and Aladdin, are only a few who might be named, while suggestions for dressing them appropriately may be taken from any well-illustrated version a the favourite old stories. Cinderella, Mott,or Hubbard, Little Red Riding Hood, Mary, Mary, quite contrary, or the Queen of Hearts who made the tarts, allow of plenty of pretty fancy and variety. Adaptations from the current stage are not as a rule successful, for the children seldom understand the character. The following are some more pretty ideas which you might like to follow: —Neapolitan fiaherboy blue and yellow knicker- bockers, silk shirt open at throat, red sash ; Swed- ish'girl, shirt and short body of scarlet opening over a vest and fail sleeves of white siandrio. The apron of pale blue silk trimmed with embroidery, the hair in long plaits. Elizs.bethan page in red satin with puffings of white satin down his trunks, lace ruffles, and cape feather trimmed Tudor hat. Knave of hearts, costume of red and yellow. Costume for a little girl, "Japanese," black,-red, and gold or yellow.

it charming little dress for 3vening wear is macre la ivory satin, with a full short chemisette of saw de Chine, drawn irr, with rove of silver thread; a. soft, cream-oolourecflaee forms the epaulets, an& he deep flounee of the same round the plain skirt la headed with a silver cord.

Silk and crepon blouses am- much in vogue for 'wearing at qbelet evening part:ies, afternoon recap. Lions, and the like, and as they are not difficult to make at home, and may be warn with almost any kind of black or plain-coloured skirt, they are in- valuable to the economical dresser. A pretty shape is mails in Pongee el& of any suitable, colouring, andlass a rather deep basque and full front, striped from • neck-band to hem with three rows of lace insertion, black, -.white, or cream, as thwome - be.

Muffs may be of cloth, they may be of velvet, crr they may be of satin. Indeed, so long as yow karoduce a sufficient variety of materials, they may be pretty well anything you like. Now, I take it, we most of us possess- a Muff of Annte description, and I would advise making what use we can of one possessions; the3efore, whatever the condition of the muff in hand, its lieing, or rather Its interliniag, of wool and canvas will be thief ; so strip off all outer ()overlap, and keep the roll of wadding intact. The "Josephine" muff,'ln black or seal-brown plush, lined silk., and trimmed with various fur looks pretty.

Yours lovingly, JENala.

Hereditary Di s ease. We know that features, form, frame, peculiarity of constitution susceptibility to certain agents, not to speak of character mental and moral, the passions and the intellect, are often derived from progenitors many steps upwards in the ancestral tree. Individually we are combinations of many ancestors. The actual traits of the parents may and may not be seen in their offspring, and it 18 more common to find that one or two only are represented in each child. The remainder are doubtless derived from some ancestor long forgotten, whose intellectual powers or defects, infirmities, or vigour of body, whose faults and follies, whose brilliant powers and miserable failings may he reflected in a remote descendant, as he himself has derived them from some distant ancestor. We are accustomed to say that gut may skip a generation, and why may it not skip four or five? Hereditary tendency is probably of far more remote origin'than is commonly supposed, and is a reflection of the tendencies of untold numbers who have preceded us in the family tree. It is a frightful thing thus to look back on the sins of our forefathers and to recognise the transmitted punishment, but it is its

, . . i ..4 ....." rANIC 1,1 c.. U ?ctilie-. ' :4. J . , ' IC. 4. .i. l'-'4'. . :WI ' , CTI \ • I :' ht. 4 ' l'i ' • '. 1 ~ . , .4..„1/,,, . . 7,k , ..-, ~,./,,___. .._... , ,4,,,,-4,--.--7,-.7.-- 7 —.._..,-,‘„), -- . -.---- -- i zyff ---,0, , s ~........iv, ..„..c/,,,,,, !,/, g, i„ ' ..k41.t." s• \ i ,7,/ •,. . ..c,h,....,,, cyto KI I, • ''. r 4 :7/ 4‘4113,, . ' A... (..,,,"; '-' i -Li-C.;,..., '7' do ,J40.,‘ F .... 3 "4 cc - ' -.:.• -..-. ~. ~,,,1 - J 7'. ./- -1 iiiiii A biAr,E•rHAN -' ,(Ami,_ k \t 0 F 1.11-ACIS -,.. - ,

• • IC( • • 2_ • . • , - 1)j

may 0) \Z:I/,,, 4911 '' ' • ' '//7.,77/A, jt; 'rill ,' , V .i.•:', • ' ''',,i.'," .-2Z i t‘lAi\‘‘ :\ \ i ....-Fl,ii`'.4;l''7•‘'''Y':!l:'' '•;' '1,•'1,1,!.,4:,,,,, . v,,,,4 .'t • '. .',..1, ..,,,,i-ri;;':,. ' 1;i; j1,V,;1.',,t0;..,,,y. ...A.:qt.i.'l,."l•Alr VP ',NI II

===== 0002601_18931230_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
+.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1_

===== 0002601_18931230_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18931230_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
Germs.

Germs will settle on ot-1-1:- body, on our food, in our drink. So much, at any rate, it is easy enough to see. That, however, they can enter it by the skin is a sug- gestion which can only be made to be at once put aside; but that they can enter through the lungs is a hint which cannot be so easily disposed of, and Professor Nageli, at any rate, is strongly of opinion that some germs at least are able, when they settle on the thin wall which sepasates the air in the lungs from the blood , which it sapplies, to set up on this wall an inflamma- tion, to separate thereby the tissues, and so to enter by that little cleft into the great nutrient current which circulates through the body. Just as certain, too, is it that the light germs taken in with the fluids that we drink are able, by some means to make their way into the general system of the body ; but to enter into a consideration of such diseases as fevers, erysipelas, or cancer, by whatever ways .these commence to operate on the body, would be a tiresome, if not a painful, task. One example will be sufficient to show wherein lies the essence of the ,whole matter. If you have some grapes, and leave them exposed to the air, they become dry, , unfit for eating, and are thrown away ; but if, instead of so leaving the grapes, you, without adding anything to them, break their skins by, for example, treading them as wine-makers of Italy still do, and then leave them, you will -find a very different result. Fermenta- tion will be set up, and the sweet conteets of the grape will give rise to carbonic acid gas and to alcohol. You have added nothing, and yet you got this result; the reason ought not now to be very hard to find. Surely enough, the germs of the plant that flourish in the rich 'contents of the grape-skin bag were deposited from the air on the skin ; they could not reach the juice till the skin was broken, but when that had been artifieially done, the germs and the juice came together, and the result, long ago known to mankind, of the formation of fresh bodies was brought about. It will be unnecessary to point out how, by somewhat similar processes, a liv- ing organism may be made the prey of the chemical changes brought about by oth,:r organisms living at its 'expense. Putting, then, asiele the belief that, in the present, life arises from anything else than pre-existing living matter, we find ourselves face to face with one 61 the grandest results of later times. The bread we eat, the wine we drink, the disease that weakens or kills us, the hospital fever which retards our recovery, are like ourselves, and like all animals and plants, "'Life's chil- dren." Go where we will, do what we may;theipowers of life are not only working within us but around us, shaping the fates of men and the fortunes of nations,and yet working always under just the same laws, obeying past the same principles, and causing always much the same effects; breaking up tissues and compounds, using up formed matter dependent on other matter, owing always their existence to destruction- elsewhere. Beautiful as life is represented to be, such is what life really is; for man it remains, and for man it is a privi- lege, to order the course of many of its processes. And among these, there is none with which he ought more firmly to battle, none that he ought to learn to conquer, more than these "Germs "which, while they serve him when lie makes them aid his will by assisting him in his arts and industries, do by their allies bring on him and on his food se many of the woes that flesh is heir to.-- Science for AU."

===== 0002601_18931230_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE MEMBER FOR INDIA."

ENTHUSIASTIC RECEPTION AT,LAHORE. L.kllolo3,TllllBDAT.—Mr.Dadabhai Naoroji,M. P. ,arrived here yesterday, and had a most enthusiastic reception. The approaches to the railway station were literally blocked oy the immense crowd, which cztended,to the distance of half a mile. On the platform were assembled the members of the Indian Congress Committee and the leaders of the Parses and Mahometan communi- ties. Addresses were presented from the Reception Committee, the Mahometan citizens, and students, after which a procession was formed and drove through the prtnetpat streets, the passage occupying four hours. Numerous triumphal arches had been erected along the route, and hqedreds ot flags and banners hung from the windows i many bearing appropriate mottoes, among which "Thanks to the Finsbury electors" was conspicu- ous. Nothing approaching this demonstration has ever before Nen witnessed in the Punjaub.

A Caw OF VIE OLD BLOCK. —Baron Rapinean (a miser, in a tender moment, to his son) : "I say, rily boy, what would you do if I were to die?" R. Junior : "I would lock all the doors and have seals put up everywhere so as the servants couldn't nab anything !" "STILL THEY COMEI "—Wife (displaying new bonnet) : "This is the very last fashion, John." Husband (sighing) : "I wish it were, but I know it isn't. There'll be another one out next month 1" A TERROR INDEED. —" I say, Bagging, what's the 'reign of terror?'" "The rain of terrcs-;" Ttplied Bliggins, "is the shower that comes np when your wife has her best bonnet on."

COOOA.--(IRATIC7t/L AND COMFORTING.— "By a I thorough knowledge of the natural laws watch goven, •he I operati ns of digeetion and nutritioe,and by csutui 4,0, thou et the fine properties of we elcctni Cocoa. Mr. Bops had provided tor our breaktadt and supper a delicately flavoured beveragi which may save us many heavy doctor,' hills. It is sy the judicious use a !Such articled ot diet that a constitution may he gradually built up until strain( enough to resit every tendency ta disease. We may escape Mary a fatrll Fhtft liv keeping ourseivei well fortified witta pure 1t10,41 and a properly 110111'11AM 1 frame "—" Civil eel Vine tiazette."—Xlado simply with boiling water or milk. —Sold only in pantpte, by Gros:ere, JAMR9 keps & Co., I t..., liomcopathin Clernito, London.--also makers of Fpps's Con 'sine or Cocoa NibAixtract : A thin bevento of fli tiilV,,Jr. now with many beiseficially taking the place of tea. Sold in Warrington by Bowden, Bamford, and Percival. —Advt.

-A.74Giilific CADS.—AD inveterate old card player Until iibliloquises on his life: " When I was ei`y,opyi,g V I wo,s all ftir hearts; when I got 04160.-I wig&allkor clubs; Whal older, all or 61AB', Idla now. : I shall soon be all for

°

===== 0002601_18931230_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
--.Btbtliat sweet, sad love story wawa the bean*. fI2I past. Now it came tobim with a sudden.sbock that, even as the branch, may blossoin twiee, ea love may bloom again---aa oasis in a.desert life; heart may yield for a second time to the map" witchery of love's sweet dream. That night, late as it was after the ball, VcrllB found time to write a few lines home. The closing. words of the hastily written letter were these : " This ball was the most enjoyable of all, math. e,rl„ dear. There was a longing in my heart that it migo. last forever. I must not forget to tell you a great surprise. Rutledge returned, two weeks ago, fora Europe. We met at the ball to-night. He is the same Eutlelge as of yore -a. trifle graver and sadder, pel"

haps." a When Nellie Sefton read those words she knew' why Verlie had enjoyed the ball so much. From the night of the ball Rutledge became & daily visitor at the Renwick villa, much to the alarm of Captain Lansing, and the rest of the trent of Verlie's admirers, A sudden coulees, sprang up between Rutledge and the captain. When one called, he was prettY certain to find the other there. There was some- thing more than brotherly devotion in all this, the captain told himself, angrily, and he evea went se far as to boldly hint to Rutledge : "It was a wonder he had not select-ea Verlie iS the first place, instead of her dark-eyed sister, Uldene." Rutledge was strongly tempted to tell him that he had done so; but oat of respect to poor Uldenee he would not reveal how his marriage to her lie° come about. "If I were a suitor for her hand, and the rung lady herself does not object, I do not see why aeY one else should," Rutledge had retorted, hotly. , From that hour these two, who had been We' long friends, became bitter rivals—enemies. "I promise you I shall use every means in nIY, power to prevent you from winning her," retorted the captain. "You take advantage of Ye" position in the family to influence her against toe; but it will avail you little. I shall win her in spite of you, if I may be alloveecl the use of the term. "It It has been said that all is fair in love end war,'" said Rutledge quietly. "I, too, am equelY determined to make kiss Sefton my bride. Wreru4 are useless ; it simply remains to see which of es she prefers.' They parted in the bitterest anger. Never, in this world, were two lovers more desperately deter- mined to fight hard for a fair lady's favour. As for Verlie herself, try as hard as she would, to prevent her thoughts from clustering arotante Rutledge Chester, they would fly to him unbidden ; waking or dreaming, his face was always before her—this handsome, kindly hero, whom she hmi loved in secret so long. But as she grew to leve him more and more as the days rolled by, eh° avoided him lest he should read her secret in her eyes, by their glad welcome, or in the tell-tale blushes that rose to her cheeks as she greeted hire. "He could never love me," she often told her' self, piteously; "he thinks of me only &I Uldene's sister—beautiful Uldene, whom he love and lost. Once before I mistook friendly liking for love; I shall not make the same mistake again." Verlie's avoidance of him was a strange puzzle to Rutledge. There were times when he thought she, cared for him; and then again, when he was moss hopeful, her apparent coldness would drive him tte despair. , At length the mad love in his heart would bren.ir , no delay. The fierce rivalry between Captali , Lansing and himself must come to an end, he tole' , himself. Verlie's visit was drawing to a close. On the following week she was to return to Pvichmen" and each determined on the ensuing week to learn his fate. Rutledge Chestei declared he should win her cg die; the captain vowed the same thing. (To be coWinued ).

'(What did y^n do for milk ?" asked a lan, referring to the recent snow blockade in New Yoric' "Why, we took hot water, and looked at it fro'' a scientific point of view," was the reply. "I,': 87 per cent. milk, you know •, that is taY, is 87 per cent. water, which is about the sw"" thing.'

AND THIS IS ONE OF THEN. There are some truths that ought to be blown through a million speaking trumpets every hour ; that ougbt tCP be printed in big type on the front page of every oelirt paper ; that ought to be painted on every signboard 51 the crossroads; that ought to be taught in every And this is one of them : There 'is no such thing °

earth as a tonic mediein e. 0 People talk of" tonics" and doctorstalk of" tottic,ls. chid' no

Pshaw L When'a country is discovered in wi I, the stuffs are ever raised or imported, and in will,'" men, women and children are all well and hearti. W"e . may conclude they consist of some sort of " tonic." lbei mischief this delusion about tonics has done is beloilO calculation. It leads the sick to lean on broken W' to expect relief from a source from which it is i010:44.1; sible that relief can come, to waste money in tAIP:i " tonics," and precious time in waiting for 008 leged " tonics " to work miracles, Mr. Thomas Foster, of 15, Chatham Place, Adellicive; ;r st., hull, in an account of a recent illness says, fli()„1.6 other things, this : "I then tried stomach tonicS.

_ they did menu good." Suppose we have his whole story, which is short:, t 1 make our comments on it afterwards. He says ta.) the month. of June, 1891, I was strong and 11034 . Zit At that time I fell into a low, weak condition. I• IA languid and heavy, and was always tired. I bad taste In the mouth. ad a dreadful pain in the c"—es and sides after eating, whilst say stomach 'l4:° itcp bvyaziauljire. i was much troubled with the , seemed to roll all over me, and I had a constant beic"-ia, and rising in my throat. I was in agony day a'ul and for hours I walked about the room ruubit* "- chest in the effort to obtain relief. I lost a deal of and felt worse tired in the morning, than vibe" etd to bed. Gradually I became weaker and weaker had hard work to follow my employment, for

widsery all the time. I went to a doctor, who sounded me and gale 034"' Ai We medicines. but I gut no relief, atter taking his " tor a month. I left off going to hint. I to',;Agll staxnach tonics and other medicines, but !mating any god. ' Ili this trtate I coi.tinued uvi ea aticr f gt:on:lig more feeble all the w bile. I f,h ad 3 ~itersom, bud a remedy I should be done et toj In October,lB9l,a book was left at my house a medicine called Mother Seigel's Curative SYII/9':•t. d: esh, ;ribing. a case like mine that had been cured by'f I . As I bad often heard this medicine well 51,0/;;e11 A : made M d°s de up my mind to try . aud got a bottle ' C sins, in Anlaby-road. After I had taken tvo 7; he- til g 0' felt grateful relief, and before I had quite finis bottle I was completely cured, and have since beet' best of health. is "I thank God that this mediciae was ever made kg°"rot to see. Otherwise I should have been in nay Oravic3:necef°o;!, , now. I will answer anyone who may Trite me ing the facts here set forth. Yours truly ($43,11,,„„ee1is Thomas Foster, 15, Chatham Place, Adelaide Hull, March 25th, 1892." Now let me see. The symptoms of Mr. Foster' plaint are easily recognisable. He suffered fr°lll,,d bY gestion and dyspepsia. The medicines admiter— us 104 his physician or purchased by himself proved - we itla because they were not addressed to the elisea° , or which he was actually afflicted, but possibly te °15.-1 it more of its symptoms. To abolish any existing eller is always causes we must work at—never wee° sequences. ~,,eht , The "stomach tonics" which Mr. Foster hoped w.seepf relieve him may have done so for a moment on Preclod the same principle that a sharp application of wi'iP spur wakes up a tired horse, not by giving bin't Btee,ll,,gper but by rousing his reserved nervous force, with tk ue—be. 11 reaction to follow. That's how it ever was and v7l , Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup restored this gentlefr h steandal ef to real and genuine health by cleansingis sy poison of disease, by retnoving the obstac l les arc abling the stomach to retain and digest food • A me simple thing, yet how hard to accomplish, ell! -- I: masters. host This remedy does it, however, as is testilled by of witnesses all over the world—witnesses who say f'l3!ci. re° in praise of its merits than you would have tinie to

===== 0002601_18931230_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_.m.••••Il

===== 0002601_18931230_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
gid Lug.

eat ht oin )ex-

Igo ne- ;Ale SO

hat rie lad

ife• roY ted Air le ;

ia Oa ma 601 rdi

aid DO ; ore Llsel

iDg• ag Ve ing aka

E 3 to She 100 to 00k reit'

I

the Da, lari2 r or

rorn [t i, ,lillt 01

:•)•• .

• • • • • . • • • s • • t:: K '4l • • K

===== 0002601_18931230_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
eyopa reco• Ivor 414 ,68 $1"

===== 0002601_18931230_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
tee ,ve togif • Li' id I°l, 14t for s"

Or hog_A . 0 r • it. bfII ' CIL iOSeS'

===== 0002601_18931230_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r.skr:7

===== 0002601_18931230_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
I refired for the might, I found tiff' 'bed, reeni—as seen by the light of a solitary lamp— gloomy and dispiriting :enough to suit the most, esthetic taste. The bedstead was a marvel of workmanship. The head, which stood close to the wall was elaborately tarved—the subject 'being evidently intended to represent some early ihistori- e4l event; but, although I studied it for a long time, I could not arrive at anything satisfactory ae • as to its meaning, nor the age when it was accented. The room was panelled with old dark oak, some portion being partially-covered with faded tapestry, that looked as if it only required the action of a strong wind, for a short time, to shatter it into fragments. The pointed windows looked into wkat, at one time; had, no doubt, been a moat of considerable proportions, but was mow, so far as I ceuld see, but a mass of brushwood and bushes. There was nothing on the whole to,disturb my equanimity, and, with a satisfied smile,7l retired to rest.

'wren

•my journey, and soon fell

1. was tired with asleep. How long I had been asleep, I had no idea, when I suddenly awoke with the unpleasant feeling that somebody was in the room. I raised myself on my elbows, and looked carefully around ; and I must coafess, to my annoyance, my heart was beating more rapidly than 'usual. After some littletime, seeing nothing to disturb me, I laid down again and closed ray eyes. I had scarcely done so when I became conscious of a weird unearthly wail of music sounding somewhere .isuorenideligpchte.sonStetdrainitisneglfm,yteheaut, near me. Starting up in the bed, I found the tomonithefulul tomf oaspnalee: although it takes some time to describe, was in- stantaneously, as ,it were, photographed on my brain. flint a short time ' I , .' since was a disbeliever in The scene was ;come foreign -land; as I knew by ghosts, ,and ghostly visitations. To me-a young the gigantic palm trees in the distance. I could man with the proper allowance of brain • and see miles across a sandy plain, whilst nearer were muscle a bod ,it seemed eminently absurd, to believe that overhanging rocks, that seemed to form an entrance y, or spirit, when removed from this hemi- to a darksome cavern. stihere e . ,-even if the power were given, him to visit Slowly walking toward tI • gain the scene of his mischiev.-ers ex loits -should s this rugged spot, came ta.ke the ' p , a young lady, of esuch bewitching beauty, than as e trouble to wander about in loathsome ' I gazed upon her, every nerve in my body thrilled Places, and at unseemly hours, with no apparent ' with intense excitement. object but to frighten silly people who had no exis- She was dressed in an Eastern costume, with a tence when the uncanny visitant was a tangible gold band across her forehead, and bands of gold resident on this planet. The belief, ' upon her bare arms. Her long black hair was in such cases, appeared to tne as too twisted into hevvy coils and thrown across her ridiculous to be entertained ,lasy a man of ordinary ! shoulders, and, with her eye-brows-black as common sense,-and Il had Often wished for the ! night,-was in striking contrast to the death-like °Peortubity to meet one of these ghostly triensters, paleness of her face. and te • in st toy strength of nerve by tearing away the As she came nearer and nearer, I held my breath • ask and exposing the imposition. in painful suspense, and my heart beat against my I was , , a barrister - patiently waiting for my first ribs as if it Would burst. brief• Fortunately,i I had ,m small ndependent. Suddenly, a man, in a long cloak and slouch hat, Lnemne ; and as my pursuits Partook but little in , with a black mask,entirely concealing, his features, ''',''in 'non with the young mien; of the time-and-I darted from behind a portion of the beetling rock, found the study of the dmointricacies of the law and, raising a huge knife above his head, seized her !more to my taste than theefooleries of the age,-my 'by the hair. Income was sufficient to enable me to live in econo- I saw the terror elepictedmen her countenance, ' ntical comfort. Although and I endeavoured to give a cry of alarm-a ery 1 , ough my income was of a limited character. that resulted in little more than a gasp of terror, I.d great expectntions from an eecentric old uncle, and instantly the 'MOM was in total darkness. ^....at least that was the fornein which my.mothere- I • clear l' ' i An hoar muse have elapsed before I recovered Ittle body politic-used to put it,. and she sufficient stretigth of nerve and body to move. ' Ctbort A . guided eu me, on every possible occasion, to be Sleep, however, Was out of the question, and it was . 'by my uncle's advice in everything con- only when the rays of the morning sun began be d with my future welfare. appear that I fell into& troubled slumber. before ' . , %rife a memorable morning,-a fortnightl When I arose, I carefully !examined every part 1 - Imas,--I was considerably disturb asd by ! ,of the room. • Not .an article bad been disturbeet, enee e e , nee , eau received from this same worthy uncle. ! and Isfelt my belieldienocturnal visitations coma- ld d nad written to the effect that ,he thought I derably shaken. aneetio myself no good in London,. Barna his M'tn. it would be better-for me to "elauck up w I was rallied by .my fends* the next morning when I appeared at breakfast. They were very I, weer business "-as he, was ,pleased to 'term f north do as a county gentleman On the anxious to know how I had passed the night, and moand sewn r ! if thespirit-lady bad been so inconsiderate as to r England ;at the same time intimatingthat trouble me with a visit on my first night, but I il-gystaeg Eprovision would be made me for, that par- evaded the questionseand, pleading the importance ..A ° it I loelted with a favourable eye upon a asontliter of of some legal documents that I had to dispose of, I ni , one of his old frienas-an .orphan girt I shut myself up imam room for, thmgreater part of 1 who of he winterested. If I could not fall in •as specially _ _.t . the day. I appear with his views in this matterehe.mede t 1 I was determined., •Itpossible, to get at the depth of me f pretty plainly that he mould washlus hands of this mystery, and, strange as it may appear, I or the futile. There was longing for night, .and hoping that I might rdeatige was a disturbing element. in tlais comma- again see the sweet little lady, who was scarcely en I luse % h out of my thoughts any time during the. day. Should some day, as a matter of course, me ..., hitherto, looked upon matrimony as some-. I went to bed that night ~fully intending not to s igig' I fall 1 when the time came, the' proper thin close my eyes. My impression is, that I succeeded me liird . k Wr, tine, to fall in love with my wife. I in Keeping awe e, but, an turning over on my side , to hear more distinctly the sound of a clock in the . ately, as it happened, . I had never been aTdistance, striking the hour of twelve, upon raising atterapts in that }ege• t f . my head I found the room full of ' light, and the rt! _ all in love. I haddirection, , . 'tie truer made two but • they had or scene of the previous night being repeated. ' reeed miserable failures. ?le 'eltrafore, it wpm-with mingled! feelinga of per I gazed intently at tine lady as she slowly ad- leste 3'neid indignation I 'sondes:OCT.:Mr rotrinteltra mowed, and there wassomething . -about her eyes , lieeergl-n, and this 'tangle of thought .was only re • ' that seemed to awaken ,or the a kmemeaovy n, r within Jack we the entrance of a welcome' visitor- me. As she approached h. memory the friend,,h4,b3r was a friend of long stsantings-ontn 'masked ruffian rushed t and rocky a plunge at boys - IP untin back to the time wheineve were formidable dagger.' She caught his her with a .. ',plat Ab dr, Bnementoggether. He had been staying in hand, and struggled with. -superhumanthener, retzira-11 'el' a few weeks and was on the point of throwing him back several times against mine ! rock,uon hoelir -110 the family'll tead in ' the , neigh. I until, exhausted with her efforts, she k p hoe e e omes , f I her knees, and, with claeped ,Lands, appeared to Pressing Redborough, and was the .bearer o.a "It S invitation for me to returnswith.him. appeal to me for help. seeln,lTa "'use of your refusing, old man,". he said, ,At this sight, my neres were . strained to the with *nd' ation "1 I ~:-.1V186 &bout to raise some trifling objection. utmost,-my blood was boiling wi i igp ._ , m yla „. - get my orders to bring you-se come With and, forgetting everything hut. that a young girl-e neetie° ' a't• 'I am sorry to give , you .so ,short beautiful as a houri-was an einminent danger, I but, the fact is the folks anhome are' busy f jumped out of bed, and, with a plunge, made a!, upo-n°Tris e Prinsa.to' theatricals, and as 'I am looked ! furious blow at the miffianly monsterugiarTthenuratesauultt are je•-8 an atitherity in such matters, !My service it was disastrous. My head, came in s tor Wine 0i at request. The large room intim ghost's with the stone mantel-mein, and I f ell heavil y n; °an ` the Innate has been fixed upon' for the per., across the fender and fire-irons. , . 'we trese'e • ...and, as we have-plenty of neighboured As soon as I recovered from the effects of thig udip,' "Peon mind hope for, a Charitably-dispose stunning blow, nstaggered to, efly feet. -ea>, I The room was in darkness but,the young moon " Whe swin„ „ re —what did you say --Ithe 'enabled ghost's peeping from behind a cloud, me to see, a pon , e" • I asked in surprise. "I beg your pardom short distance before me. When-horror u figure, in loth eine Yen know I have never seen your present house, horror-a spectral . gure, dad. grave- clothes the nal with blood streaming from Its face, confronted ulaewhat startled me. ' tinier, e 8 ; that esi" the m my sister ,and her me. -nds bay •- ' ene-e - ' the old I felt certain I should- never survive the adven- tet-mag oe gTerfit. The house-thak,l6, tastes of that night, and, with the desperation of es rig it -a, castle, or something etupen- in Ile , despair, I clutched and tugged at the creature's neraie---ene of thosessevell places so much talked and 1 n ais„,lsuddenly fell backwards on the re - throat when 'rwttaini -Alt- Orilya few of the old rooms a . almostthroat, smothered in the foists of the tapestry. 4isitieve ng, and my mister rather revels in• their floor, nee ItY,-elt- fl • 1 inclined to thinkmout of , that had become g . detached from .their fastening's, eratiOn f ie 37, ern d, 'With a violent struggle, .i. extricated and, ors_ or the ghost who inhabits itm • ' 1 t • illAniac fury, I stood op to meet my tuse-nne you seriously ,svisli me to believe,' I re- 'with a mos m ..When my eyes had become accustomed to the r, t'g There is any place to be found in foe. 1 d a humiliating fact. 'ho --at ea d bl 1 oat/ 41 me ro n pro tweet respects. eg 1 . Esse, .darkeess, they ressea e k the Between the folds of the tapestry, long narrow sberreint_ mei like to see that place, and ma 43! mirrors had been fired in the wall, and in one of neereg"nee of the ghostly inhabitant." 2, ad seea my, own figure. I had cut my bee atein " ; that is a question rather difficult to these!' a itPer:r• All I know 'is !the room is there, and against the man . tenshelf, and, with the blood ''''''B6 i'artesOent f '•place who be- !trickling over my nig -ft , p night hirt I presented ghastly Y 0 people alsout the Peomegjzi --• and h • heard of other Aspect. ni,l;.„ ma'ne ave either seen oris thimlight broken upon me, I rat down and • -"" tseth' • - hate seen the nocturnal visitor at the .A d , face with ely hands, and my thoughts that lc windows. SOII2O few of the rooms in covered Part 0 of the bitterest character. There could be no itelgoeg of td. bnilding are intact, but they are were. ,I wt's a great feel. ancis eaused. We thiek a great deal of our ghost, rdount 'a short time' befote I was going to unearth • respegglou may suppose, -we treat it with propgr mehßutts and demolish 4pectres, and I was now " wen.b,7 not obtruding upon it unnecessarily. - °slit' and frightened, at my own reflection in ' thee m I replied,' "If one thing more forcibly Vern ing snob lass. tation, it ei:r could inches(' mato accept your !non, ;the g . _much as it went against my with a In the mooting reserved be the prospect of meeting wt of ' lination-I was obligedeto tell Jack of tely acci e offerme e ghost. I had been thinking ,ino In my resent state, I could not be seen by "MI obla-ieresward of'£so to anybody who could and orient. of the household, and he considerately enlY I i --.."-A• me adinittance to a haunted house- the cost my !removal tom more cheerful room, /nOti 18'Ve 'Lot been able taeonveniently spare the arranged. for ebr. esd'oMine sitting-room as , ~ with -tits I tell you whet I will do. I will go within tit rooms I remained tor a week, indulging Bliall Y°lll willinglY, provided you guarantee that I in! egeese hol musing. I wa,s sick in body, sick Lisette eels in the haunted y and be left at, my in ne Y Yto room, in .3nind, and-tc. crown all-a worse misfortune ' Je.elr i emi, verse with the gliostly visitant."ghost!!! had befallen me-el:was in love with my -tuent,„ termed -very grave at this ,proposals and, - - f all these contending emotions et ibis eae-gt 'lB heeeno the window, I Saw a rumple in 'The strain o o great that, tening-Jack into eau- lergth beeame s . 4:4 his 8-I', neat the collar, caused by the movement Sel nee I told him ell. rintereamildees, ea if he were suffering from soma r I ste'aded laughies, s, as I expected, he regarded '• lie '" eciinmotion, but, quickly recovering him- eracuith .a serious countenance, probably Laving e_ iri but, and have the rn to write home at mace, , d bee of my sanity. some ou "17418 frepared for my reception. 'd • After some minute? silence, he eel . 1 - And be am merely relating an incie.'ent in my life- " You must get outmf this and take a song walk timer t writing a inovel-I will aoare my readers threogh th-! fields. This frosty air will °Uhl 'es with me Of the eof shipping those descriptive eleganct leer way the cobwebs .and do you the world of tAleab country , we passed through on our journey to c I went you to be in good trim, as our tilers of good. io oll" directly, and we have a the eepe ge, and also the detailed pastes) theatricals are cote g . . Ire ~P"Y we met at Jack's friends. W ' full- istmas ccempain . maser° a whom I house fat </War feet br ved a warm. welcome--several of , allowed; dress rehearael toenorrow..No visitors am Yonne rg old, well-known friends. There wa,s being highly privileged, will have a place I had but Yen• nee el° 'B4Y, a friend of Jack's sister, whom e , give us Om benefit of year critic- the stage. gna listeese'men before, in whom lat once felt speoisely 9 "slim. So kindly remember we are amateurs, and with--etd• Her dark, expeasive eyes-overflorteng Itemper your Penes with mercy." lee, emerirraent-seemed to peaetratesand read mV k I -wonder if I ever shall forget that rehearsal. absennse °lt thoughts ; and, had I not been too mite Thafirst parts pam he ed off in t usual manner. but, found a sufficieo ghos-5,•4," in the scientific eudeavour to dieseet it in the third act, I experienced an electric shack. am efraid I should bs.ve Slowly through du: dim light at the back of the ude ; . Mer• 'n my fluttering heart. stsese, a fax simile of the lady seen in my visions and, • is little lad ' d Miss Jessie Heath 1 o y was name chine was de- was approa ,„ elm in the conate of the evening, when I _ . "%a0 it possible I could be deceived? Was it a Saidini,ng against any belief in the spieit-world, ale° dream, and this lithesome little lady a creature of , 'll a mildly reproving tone of voice. " ' imagination?! . AIM 'Oh i ' e •- - ently. Nellie sin puzzled astonishment as the , pray, do uot epee. sonnet er I rubbed my cYc all f' mat deal of our gOoeto a o 3-thinkn a g lady -same nearer. " There could not possibly be a mistake. It "In such case " I returned, " Should the gentle- . t be-it inust--" • n 1113noti ' . .• I promise to treat him raus .tnt a man, 'draped in a long cloak rme with a visit, p At this les 3' ' •"" saiot-faah ton >cl courtly politeness." 1 anpeared from behind the scenes d , an The e . ' Heath and inaske' , -i,, er over her head. re. WO girls laughed merrily, and Miss iloarished se elem. r aeg 3eined ; " A who The scene seas too realistic, , aud in my weak and eag gentleman ! Why the visitor is a lady w f hid I was carried away wa, been in great distress for numberless ye,ars, impressionalh the intensity of my feelings,- was in a too Is e for a preux chevalier to release her from .4 , and eliattered state to think and act er tr •JOrl, OAS A _ Olibles." I bounderl from the corner of the stage As I o looked at the fascinating little lady, I oolly,- Ito m heart exclaim. d caught the young gm y , ...!ought that, if ever she were in tie übla, then al " 130 t long be wanting a score or two of knights Mg- . ‘,...z...,,,ny jvaitc.--,_-1. wad:lca ar" 'fi.)ilie I,,tals_stg.u.z litnaja . g to break a lance for the favour of hoe •

TN LOVE 'Wish A GHOST.

• ..((-1. 51=lliill. 1• i 11 \ t - i !.. I.i . il• ~, 1 l' ' \‘ I • • ' I )14!1({i ll' i 111 t • .. r .., • 0 1 • „/.,'..h., /, '-'• ' '.',/ '' 4.. • ;',. 6. .'. ip4; . tlfeth % • lt• ilk'', . `!‘,irot 'O,l- .• • -.------- •• ` • , i..:'' -4' '•11.3: A'.." V93lP.'i,'lrr . .. • Ai4- ' > ,NN • •4t .4. ..,, ~•,,,, 0,..„0„,. m ~...:1 rot / • °!. •;,;rii4,..i,otc•tf‘,,es.-.,..- • • ..,„r„,..-A.--; , ____ .. ..--:-..,!?:, ••

===== 0002601_18931230_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
BY J. U. BRAKE.

I

111 E AMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1893.

rou aria; never; &W Tie,-1

with "iny lif will— I looked up. Jack, who personated the masked bandit, was bursting with laughter. . little lady, who had nestled close to my bre, also looked up with blushing confusion. Her ha, had become disordered by the roughness of my em- brace, and revealed the fact that her raven tresses were those of a fashionable wig, and, beneath tin .disguase of an Eastern Lady—l was bolding lit* Jessie Heath to my heart. The flood of happiness that overwhelmed me ati finding my shadowy love in the plump little body before me, destroyed any remains of prudence I had left, and I stooped and kissed her glowing cheeks. Of course, all this was very bad behaviour on my • part, but I question if any of my gentlemen readers would have behaved differently in the same situation.

Jack had discreetly retired, and, thus left to ourselves, I pleaded my love with all the powers of eloquence I possessed, and I wrung from her the admission tlrat, hearing me so often spoken of,' she had come prepared "to like me a little," but, she added, with charming naked 1 "You will be sorry you said so much. I Itta only a poor girl,—dependent on—" I interrupted her with the exclamation that "I was glad of it. K was a poor man but making good progress in my profession (a lover's terra- diddle), and, with her by "my side, I feared nothing,"—and then I told her .of my uncle's line of action, and how impossible it was tor me to en- tertain any such project, and he was at liberty to give me up altogether. "Your uncle has acceted the invitation and will be here this evening," she replied. "Had you not better see him, and tell him at once?" I expressed my intention to do so; and, although I was very much in earnest, I felt rather nervous at what I regarded as a turning point in my life. When we met I phenged into the subject at once. I told him I was quite unable to meet his wishes, as I was already engaged 'to the•dearest, the sweet- est. and best little girl in the world. "And, pray, may I ask," he returned, with grim irony, "What you have to offer in return to the sweetest and best little girl in the world ? " "Nothing, lam sorry to say. Nothing but my love, and my determination to work and surround her with every comfort that perseverance can obtain." .

"Ah 1 rather high fainting'; but, may Ibe in- formed the name of this sweet little girl ? " Miss Jessie Heath," I replied, proudly; :Instead of my uncle going into a towering pas- sion, and threatening to cut me off with a shilling and a silver snuff-box, he sat down in a chair and laughed till his sides shook with merriment. At length he said, half-choked with the effort: "Has this sweet little' lass any money?" "Not any, I am happy to say. The man who requires money with his wife is— " " Fiddle-laddlel How about the butcher's and baker's bills? Do you intend to live upon poetry and filberts? There,—there,—it is no use trying to teach young fellows sense who have lost their heads; but I should like to see this sweet girl' who has been able to make such a fool of my clever nephew." Without vouchsafing a xeply to this implied taunt, I went out and fetched Jessie.

To my astonishment, as -soon as she saw my uncle she went straight to him, and, putting her arms round his neck, kissed him on both cheeks. The old gentleman took very kindly to the action, and, holding herat .arm's,length in front of hitn, said': "Well, Walter, I think ion 'have a glimmering of sense after all,", and, seeing my looks of sur- prise and annoyance, he added, poking me in the ribs, "You need not look so glum. Jessie and I are old friends. ,Jessie is the liar° lass I have been saving up for you. So now there is nothing to pre- vent us spending a happy 'Christmas." I subsequently learnt that it had 'been a plot between my uncle and Jack's friends to bring me into Jessie s.company ; and, I also learned, that, after I had protested so strongly against the belief in ghosts, they had determined to play-me a trick. The bedroom I occupied was adjoining the room set apart for the theatrical performance, and P. small aperture, by means of a sliding panel, had been made for the purpose of ventilation between the two rooms. Through this opening, the light from a spectrescope had been thrown into my room, and, by means of sundry reflecting-glasses (things well known to most people, but which, from my early country life and subsequent isolated habits, I had never aeon), the sceqesibave described were produced. And now the question may be asked, "Am I still a disbeliever in ghostly visitations?" My answer is, most .decidedly "No." Looking into thee face of my little ghost—now sitting by my side,—l confess to the profoundest conversion. lam happy in my faith, and care little for the opinions of the outside world. 'Christmas may come, and Christmas may go—but, as long. es I live, I will never:give up the ghost.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
A DREADFUL- NIGH

Seen a ghost? No, and I don't want. Ghosts are not in my line. I prefer something more solid. But wasn't I once terribly scared? Oh, .yes ;sand I'll tell you all about it.• It is about twenty years ago that I, then but a stripling of sixteen years ord, was spending my Christmas vacation sa my uncle's place in Shrop- shire. Uncle John was still but a young man, and a bachelor, his mother keeping house for him. But ' be was of great importance in my eyes, owing to his being the captain of the local cricket club; which was one of more than merely local importance, and ,played an annual two days' match with the „givers of cricket, the famous Marylebone Cricket Xlub. Hence, schoolboy-like, I held him in great awc, and when, on the fourth day of my arrival, which was Christmas Eve, he said to me, " Look •here, Freddy, we shall have a lot of people arrive •to-day, and as we are crowded for room, and your ,getting up early to go skating would disturb the ,people who will sleep along the same corridor &gyms .have been doing, you'll have to shift downstairs 11 Ithe room off the billiard-room" I didn't dare IA iutter a word of remonstrance. But none the less was I greatly troubled in my ' mind • for in this room, in my grandfather's time, one of the footmen used to sleep, and one night burglars had forced the window which opened on the lawn, had found him in bed, and had smothered him with the pillow. Add to these undoubted facts the other one that all the servant firmly believed 'that the ghost of poor Thomas 8611 haunted the room, that they told me so when I asked them to shift.my luggage there, and you can easily believe how the rest of that afternoon was embittered by the thought of the night that was to follow. Well, about ten o'clock p.m. I found myself in bed, and also in. a ea/c/ bath of perspiration, with my eyes tightly closed, and .endeavouring to go to sleep before the adukia of the house should have re. tired. After a time I did deep. But, alas, it was only for a time, and the half clock awoke me by striking twelve. Horror ! Why, that was the hour " when ghosts do walk" flashed upon my brain, and I trem- bled in every limb. The Moon was shining through the openings in the shutters, and throwing all kinde of queer shadows about the room. A large prese, which stoo& in one corner, and which I had never looked into, began to harass me with anxiety as to its contents. I slipped cautiously out .e bed, and approached the press and with a curios's mixture of fear and ,defiance, 'I flung it open. It a-as empty. Back I went to bed, and had just curled myself up. beneath the clothes, when I thought I heard re. inrati ens from tinder the mattress—l heard groans 'I began to feel the mattress move Under me. ." No, dash it all !" cried I; "I'm not going to be frightened to death like this, and for nothing." The moon was skirting brightly into the room es I leaped out of bed, and lifted the valance. I was in bed again quicker than a flash of light- ning, and curled up like a ball in the blankets. A burglar I could have faced, a ghost I bed half expeea fed, bat 'a CO.g7L—au enormous coffin—l was quite unprepared for. But there it was, sure enough, and no doubt with a murdered man inside it. For six mortal hours I lay there trembling, and as soon as it was daylight I bopped out of bed, and attired in my night-gown alone, tore upstairs to my uncle's room and woke him up. "Uncle, undo 1" said I; there's been a murder in the house, and they've put the coffin under my bed !" " Eh, what?" said he, only half awake. Then, bursting into e. fit of laughter, he exclaimed, "Why, you little fool, what are you talking about? Glo back to bed ugairi. That's only the long box in which we keep our practice nets. Couldn't you see A.a.c, on the side ?"

TRIP: BEAT NIGHTCAP. —Nave your sheets washed with Hudson's Soapotud they will always be sweet is roses, fresh s sea breezes. There will be nape of the disagreeable •mell, so objectionable in other sc3pa,—d pure Dry 803 P in fin* powder.-444.(2).

===== 0002601_18931230_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW YEAR BUSINESS CHANGES.

Preliminary Announcement RESPECTIIiG THE

"LANCASTER" CALF FOOD,

ALTHOUGH the " LANCASTER " CALF FOOD has attained a popu- larity which we believe is second to none, we have found it necessary, in order to make it a commercial success, to associate our- -selves with some firm manufacturing under the most economic conditions possible. We know of no other firm so favourably located or so well equipped for the work as Messrs. J. BIBBY and SONS, the well- known Feeding Experts of Liverpool, and we have pleasure to announce that we have made an arrangement with them to manu- facture for us after Ist JANUARY, 1891.

Altogether, apart from the wido tech- nical knowledge they possess of this partic- ular business, Messrs. J. BIBBY and SONS fortunately have probably the best located, the best equipped, and the largest factory in the world for the manufacture of FEEDING CAKES and MEALS.

We may state, that although we have sold thousands of tons of the "LANCAS- TER "CALF FOOD and the " LANCAS- TER " CATTLE FOOD, we can scarcely remember to have had a complaint. We do not think our record in this respect can be beaten, and we have, therefore, arranged that these two MEALS shall be made on the formula we have followed for so many years, and they will be sent out EXACTLY OF THE SAME COMPOSITION AND IN THE SAME PACKAGES AS HERE- TO-FORE.

On the other hand, in tho manufactur- ing of rour COMPOUND CAKE we have availed ourselves very largely of the wide information and technical skill of Messrs. J. BIBBY and SONS. and the "CARRU- THERS "CAKE and' CARRUTHERS " MEAL will in consequence possess superior merit to anything wo have ourselves been able to produce. Under the now arrangement our custom- ers will in most cases—after the NEW YEAR—be able to obtain their supplies from local merchants and this will no doubt greatly facilitate business to the advanta,go of all concerned.

We may only add that Measrs. J. BIBBY and SONS' full address, to whom 01 com- munications and correspondence should be addressed after the Ist JANUARY next, is_ J. BIBBY & SONS, EXCHANGE CHAMBERS, LIVERPOOL We are, Your Obedient Servants,

===== 0002601_18931230_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
CARRUTHERS & CO., LANCASTER.

CANNIBALISM IN THE PACIFIC. -- LANDING OF BRITISH AND FRENCH BLUE JACKETS. _ _ .

_ , A non-commissioned officer on board Her Majesty's ship Boomerang, torpedo gunboat, one of the seven vessels forming the Colonial Defence Squadron, writing Sydney on November 8, gives a graphic account of froth several exciting incidents in the Boomerang's recent cruise among the islands of the Wester's Pacific. At Noumea reports reached the Boomerang of a case of can- nibalism and two of plunder by natives. . At Villa, in the Sandwich Islands, they heard of the massacre of a boat's crew of the American schooner Don Henri at Pentecost Island. Captain Bruce, of the American vessel, stated that early in September, calling at Pentecost Island to engage natives for work in the plantations, he sent off a , boat containing Id. Litton. a French trader, and three natives. When they reached the shore they were at- tacked by savages armed with tomahawks, and M. Lit- ton and two of his boat's crew were murdered. They subsequently found the bodies of N. Litton and one native lying on the beach terribly mutilated. Be- fore the Boomerang had time to investigate this murder, another report came to hand of the massacre of a boat's crew of a French trading _schooner, ,the Neptune, at Aurora Island. The Boomerang immediately left for Aurora Island, where she fell in with the French warstip Scorff. She, too, had heard of the murders. Th2re exists a conven- tion between Great Britain and France with regard to these islands for the protection of life and property and the suppression of the kidnapping trade. The warships determined to punish the Pentecost Islanders for the as- sassination of the beat's crew of the:American steamer, and proceeded thither. On their arrival the Boomerang and Scorff each landed 48 armed blue-jackets at differ- ent points, the French being more to the north, with in- structions to converge on a particular village where the murderers were known to reside. Ten natives of the Loyalty Island and four Pentecost Islanders accompanied each party as guides. On reaching—the village the British force was to await a. slgnal from the French on which both parties spread out arid several of the mur- derers Were captured. The French force' wandered as- tray and did not get up in time to co-operate except to assist in burning the village. The Boomerang and See& then sailed tei Aurora Islaud, where parties were landed and similar tactics followed. The French party shot one of the murderers who was trying to escape, and another was captured. Two villages were destroyed and fines inflicted on others. The captives from Pentecost and Aurora Islands were tried, found guilty of murder, and sentenced to im- prieonment for life at the French conVict settlement at Noumea. Whsn the Pentecost native was made ac- (painted with his sentence, he died almost immediately. At Pentecost Island upwards of twenty white men have been massacred and robbed; but never before have ' strong measures been taken against the natives. At , several of the islands the natives are cannibals. At Pen- tecost, for instance, large quantities of human bones were found, probably belonging to the crew of the Don Henri, a ease of cannibalism was also reported at Malo Island.

RUPTURR CUR/M.—S. J. SHERMAN, Hernia Specialist, 64, Cibincery-lane, London. sends his book on rupture post free. Branch Chambers, 26, King-st., Manehester.—Adve. Mr. Villiers, M.P. the " Father" of the louse of Commons, is confined to his house in London, and his state of health is said to be such as to cause anxiety to his friends. Tbc itoyal Laundresses say Critehley's 01.054 is unequalled for impartitur a treautifnl finish to starched &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—. Corn- wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss." From Mrs. —, Bradford i— "Dear lb.— I am pleased to Inform you that I have tried many so-called. Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It I shouLd be used in every house. Sold at ld., bd., and 6d.. mnct, starch sellers. If not in stock will procure It. T. CamosarY. BYstakburn. ll:oprietor,—.slehrts

===== 0002601_18931230_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18931230_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW CHRISTMAS WAS SPENT

AT WARRINGTON.

Another Christmas has passed away; and with it have disappeared tor another year the festivities and feastings which come and go with the sacred day. Despite the climatic eccentricities of the pre- vious week,there were those who clung tenaciously to the hope that " an old fashioned Christmas" would at the eleventh hour envelop us in its chilly embrace. But such hopes were destined to remain unfulfilled. "Father " Christmas was inexorable and continued to coquet with all the seasons and never once appeared in his silvery apparel. On Christmas Day, indeed, his conduct was quite distressing. In the morning people were allured into wearing spring costumes, and thinking pleasantly on the verdancy of May. But lo ! in the after- noon there came a sudden change. The bright warm sun disappeared ; the sky grew sullen and black. A mournful wind began to whisper and wail about the houses when people were enjoying their Christmas dinner —that particular meal of all the year. Then the gusts grew stronger and became more erratic and tumultuous, and finally, on the back of a shrieking gale, Jupiter Dluvius rushed upon the town, and with spluttering splashing rage beat upon everything that was exposed with drenching violence. And then what a miserable five hours ensued! The May like weather of the morn- ing was supplanted by wintery blasts of north-west wind, laden with showers of hail and sleet. The streets were all deserted, and people were glad to crowd closer round the blazing fires, and allow chilly shivers to creep along their backs at the bare thought of being out of doors. But again a change occurred. A lull followed , thesterm. The rain gradually ceased, then the wind ' dropped its fierce howlings and fell to low complainiags with an occasional wail and sob, and at last degenerated into a contented gentle breeze. The moon began to reveal itself from behind the fleeting clouds, and soon the night was fair and mild. The streets were soon alive again with people and bands of carollers, who kept up their somewhat questionable rejoicings until the early hours of the morning, just as they did on Christnoaseve. The day itself was not spent like an ideal Christmas Day, except so far as the recognition of religious obligations went and the continuance of charitable institutions were concerned. Special services were of course held in the various places of worship.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYOR'S HOT POT.

At noon theMavor (Alderman Green&ll) provided the usual hot pot for the poor. For this atteut 600 tickets had been distributed to deserving families, aid from 11 o'clock until two, the distributors had a busy time sup- plying the food. It might also be mentioned that in ad- dition to the hot pot, each child was presented with a mince pie. The hut pot was prepared by Mr. Powys, the caretaker of the Town Hall. Amongst those present at the Drill Hall were Alderman Wright, Councillor Smethurst, Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), Mr. Star.- ley Wilson (deputy town clerk), Mr. John Faircleugh, Miss Bessie Dutton,Mr. John Chidlaw,Mr. Peter Chrimes, Mr. H. Toft, Mr. liorsfield, and Mrs. W.J. Forshaw. The Mayor and Mayoress were away at Tenbv.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
AT THE WORKHOUSE.

The usual custom of giving the inmates of the Work- house a Christmas dinner of roast beef and plum pudd- ing was carried out in the large dining hall at noon. The room had been decorated witk evergreens and flowers. The following gentlemen were present i. Bev. H. V. Pigot (chaplain), Alderman Francernb (deputy mayor), Councillor Wilkinson, Messrs. Alfred Jolley, Shaw and Hill (guardians), Mr. Samuel Sutton (assistant clerk to the Board), Mr. Frank Aukland (relieving officer), Dr. Peacockc, and Messrs. Atherton, David Walton,Thorrias Rose, George Holt, and Thomas Mason, Mr. and Mrs. Ward (rnakter and matron), were in attendance, and at- tended to the wants of the inmates, assisted by several of the visitors as well as by the following officials : Miss Ward, Mr. Dobson, Mrs. Langley (assistant matron), Nurses Lohlev and Smale, Mr.and the Misses Curry. Pre- vious to the dinner, a service was held in the dining ball, conducted by the Rev. T. M. R. Young Hughes,curate at St. Paul's Church. The dinner was heartily enjoyed by the inmates,each man receiving an allowance of one pint of beer, and the wemen half a pint. The children were . supplied with coffee, and each one received a present in ' addition. At the conclusion Mr. Ward, the master, ac- knowledged several gifts he had received. The Mayor , and Mayoress had sent tobacco and pipes for the men, tea and sugar for the women, and oranges and crackers , for the children. Sir Gilbert Greenall, Mr. John Cros- field, and Mr. T. H. Lyon supplied the evergreens ; Miss Broadbent sent crackers ; Mrs.A. Dakin, Latchford, toys ; ,Miss Dakin, Christmas cards ; and Mr. Samuel Sutton, box of sweets. Three cheers were given for the Board of Guardians. Mr. Shaw and Mr. Hill responded, the latter remarking that the money which had pur- chased the dinner did not belong to the Guardians, but they had the disposal of it. At this point in the pro- ceedings one of the inmates named George Gee favoured the audience with a reading of one of his own poetical effusions on the event. Two of the verses arc as fol- lows : Poverty Hall once more is gay, The inmates spend their Christmas Day In style as did their sires of yore, With food substantial in galore. The worthy Guardiaqs, ever kind, The poor this day have held in mind, Filled many a wounded heart with joy Reminding them of days gone by. Alderman Francomb who next spoke said that he could not understand a man possessing so much poetical ability finding his way to the workhouse. He must be like the I little flower that was allowed to bloom on some desert land where no one could see it. There were few people ,in Warrington who could write such poetry as that to I which they had just listened. Ile noticed that Gee called the Workhouse " Poverty Hall." , Perhaps that was an appropriate name, but he thought if he called it " Con- ' venience Hall "it would be much better, because they knew that it was difficult for certain workingmen and I women to provide for their old age ; and when strength had left them they had to retire to that building. He was sure that the Master and Matron and Miss Ward, ' and all the other officials did everything in their power to make the inmates happy and comfortable. (Hear, , hear, and applause.) It was, he felt sure, the wish of I every ratepayer that the inmates should be treated 93 well and as fairly as it was possible to treat them.—The ' Rev. H. V. Pigot, as chaplain of the Workhouse, also spoke, and wished the inmates a Merry Christmas, and a Happy New Year when it came. They were indebted to the Guardians for the dinner they had just had, and although, as Mr, Hill had just said, the money did not come out of their pockets altogether, they could be churlish if they chose, and make Christmas Day a dark and dreary one to them, instead of a day full of bright- ness. Re begged to propose a vote of thanks to the officials for preparing the dinner. He had had nothing to do with the work himself, but he was sure that to those who had prepared it, it had been a labour of love. (Applause.) The motion was carried by acclamation. ,In the evening an entertainment was given.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PADGATE INDUSTRIAL SCHOOLS.

At the Padgate Industrial Schools, the children were treated with the same sumptuous fare as at the War- rington Workhouse on Christmas Day. The prepara- tions for the dinner of roast beef and plum pudding were carried out by Mr. and Mrs. Mines. There were present Mr. William Houghton, Mr. E. Aukland, Rev. J. J. Langharn (chaplain), and Mrs. Langham. After the removal of the cloth, Mr. Mines addressed the children, wishing them a Merry Christmas, remarking that the children of that school were as well cared for as the children of any similar institution in the country. Their lirst duty was to thank the Guardians for their great consideration in providing such a. sumptuous repast for them. The Guardians were very anxious about their welfare.; they took'a great interest in them, and they saw that they wanted for nothing. They must never forget the kindness that had been shown to them in that school, and be hoped that they would show their appre- ' ciationof it as they grew up, by, their conduct. Three cheers were then given for the Guardians and for the officers of the Union. After Mr. William Houghton had addressed the children, the Rev. J. J. Langham, in wish- ing the children and officers a happy Christmas, ex- pressed a hope that the happiness they experienced that day they would carry with them throughout the year. He pointed out how very much they themselves could do to make one another's lives happy by doing little acts of kindness one to another when they had the opportu- nity. He then called for three hearty oheers for Mr. and Mrs.Mines,which were given lustily. Cheers were also given for Mr. Aukland, and the children dispersed. Dur- ing the proceedings the school band played several pieces in a creditable manner. The rest of the afternoon was spent hy the children in games of various kinds, and in the evening an entertainment was held. The Mayor and Mayoress sent a present of oranges and crackers for the' children. , AT THE INFIRMARY.

The patients at the Warrington Infirmary were on ehristmas Day provided with an excellent dinner, and in the evening tile contents of a Christmas tree containing pipes and tobacco, Sze., for the men, presents for the women,and toys for the children, were distributed, Dr. Langham, Miss Watkiris (matron), and several invited friends including Councillor Smethurst were present. The respective wards looked very bright and cheerful, being well warmed and lighted, and ornamented with flowers and evergreens. The nurses and visitors went from bed to bed conversing with and cheering the pati- ents, some of whom were in a state of convL lesence,and it was evident that the effort thus made to enable them to pass a happy hour was much appreciated. Each patient received a present of some kind, and the Mayoress had also forwarded a liberal supply of clothing. 1 Messrs. Milling mad Co., Limited, supplied sweets and oranges, Mr. U. Toft, tobacce, Mrs. Silcock, Museum- street, fruit, and Mrs. John Crosfield the evergreens used in the decoration of the respective rooms. In the after- noon the Rev. 11. V. Pigot and Mrs. Pigot and their chil- dren, accompanied by several members of St. Paul's Church choir, visited the institution, and sang appropri- ate hymns and carols, the Misses Pigot bringing with them a Supply a Christmas cards and other presents.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
REJOICINGS_OF "THOMAS ATKINS."

Christmas Day at Orford Barracks was spent in the usual Christmas fashion. After attending divine service in the morningon their return the men sat down to a most sumptuous dinner, including turkeys, geese, pluin pudd- ing, beer, wines and spirits also being provided. The rooms of the barracks were most artistically decorated with coloured paper, fairy lamps, ivy and holly, inter- spersed with a few mottoes. A very pretty effect was produced, and the work was done by the non-commis- ' sioned officers. A large number of outsiders visited the Barracks during the afternoon and evening. Dancing was indulged in until the wee' sma' hours of Tuesday morning, although the rooms were so crowded as to render dancing almost impossible. _

===== 0002601_18931230_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
AT THE CHURCHES.

The special Christmas service in Wycliffe Church on Sunday evening was large attended. Selections from the " Messiah" were given by the choir and a small band of instrumentalists. Solos were rendered by MM. R. H. Pearson, Messrs. A. Griffiths, W. H. Wallington, and Scattergood. Miss Roberts was unable to be present, and in the solo "lie shall feed his flock," which she was to have sung, Mr. Scattergood sang in her stead. The instrumentalists were Messrs. R. H. Pearson, J. H. Knowles. J. Burrows, 11. Bond, R. Whitfield, and Char- wick. Mr. W. H. Payton presided at the organ. Appro- priate hymns were sung and the Rev. John Yonge de- livered a brief address, wishing every member of the congregation a happy Christmas. The real happiness of Christmas, he said, was religious happiness. No reason could be urged against a feast of good things if they had rightly come by them, and partook of them in moderation. Christian principles should govern them in everything, and most pre-eminently in a festival that had the celebration of the birth of Christ Iliinself as its origin and aim. There should be no unseemly extravag- ance or indulgence, and Christmas festivities should be governed by a spirit of unselfishness, each one caring for the rest, seeking to serve and benefit the rest. Nothing should be done that would dishonour Christ, the Master of the feast. There should be a universal burying of hatchets on Christmas Day, and the quarrels of 1893 should not go over into the year 1894. A collection was taken in aid of the choir fund, and realised over £7. A short service was held on Christmas Day in Cairo- st. Unitarian Chapel. The Rev. W. H. Drummond, pas- tor,preached an excellent sermon appropriate to the sea- son. The service was very well attended. Special hymns land carols were sung,and an anthem was effectively ren- dered by the choir, under the direction of Mr.J.M. Muir, A.C.O.—The annual tea party and ball in connection with the Sunday school was held in the schoolroom, Cairo-st., on Tuesday evening. About 300 'persons sat down to tea, the tables being presided over by the teachers. The entertainment afterwards held, consisted of a magic lantern, manipulated by Councillor Monks, the descriptions being given by the Rev. W. H. Drum- mond. Dancing was afterwards indulged in to music supplied by Mr. Ford. At St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church. Buttermarket- st., the festival of Christmas was celebrated. At half- past six o'clock on Christmas morning the first low mass was said, and every half hour until ten o'clock masses , were offered up. At eleven o'clock solemn high mass commenced, Father Wray officiating, assisted by Father Sumner, rector of St. Mary's, as deacon ; and Father Duggan,sub-deacon. During the service Father Sumner on behalf of the clergy of St. Mary's, wished the congre- gation all the joys of the festive season. The music of the mass was Haydn's Grand Mass No. 2, which was given in an excellent manner, Mr. Richard Eccles con- ducting, and Mr. T.Mather being at the organ. During the offertory the " Adeste Fideles " was sung. The crib or representation of the Saviour's birth, was placed in the side porch, on the east side of the church. Figures of St. Joseph and Mary were to be seen kneeling, with a figure of the Infant Saviour lying on straw in the centre of a cavern stable, and heads of the ox and the ass were placed at the back. In the evening of Christmas Day Solemn Fenediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given at halt-past six o'clock by Father Wray, 0.5.8., assisted by the Rector, Father Sumner, 0.5.8., as deacon, and Father Duggan, 0.5.8., sub-deacon. The church Was decorated with ivy, holly, &c., and in the chancel and side chapel of the Sacred Heart and Lady Chapel, the banners belonging to the different gait& were displayed.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

WEDNESDAY.

The House of Commons re-assembled on Wednesday after the Christmas holidays. Many questions were en the paper. Replying to one relative to certain threaten- ing utterances at a recent meeting of unemployed on Tower Hill, the HOME SECIIETARY said that although violent and foolish language had been used, the speakers so qualified their words that it would be difficult, if not impossible, to convict them. At the same time the Government were determined to set the law iu motion against persons who used language inciting to crime. Mr. MIINDELLA, in answer to Mr. Tomlinson, said it would be premature to state what course the Govern- ment intended to take with regard to the report on rail- way rates. Mr. GLansroNn, who was loudly cheered on entering the House, replied to some' of the questions. Be informed Mr. Chamberlain that Sir Gerald Portal's report on Uganda was in the hands of the Government ; but the situation was so complex, there belt'e other parties on the ground, that lie was unable to state when the question was likely to be brought before • the House. Mr. LEESE took his seat on re-election for Accrington, and was heartily cheered. The House went into Committee on the Local Govern- ment Bill and resumed consideration of clause 19, which deals with the election of Guardians. Mr. TOMLINSON. for Mr. WHITELEY, moved an amendment giving power to a municipal borough to elect annually a number of representatives on the Board of Guardians of any union in which the borough was situated. The amendment was rejected on a division by 122 votes to 70. Two other amendments were rejected, after some obstructive tactics, and the House adjourned at half-past five o'clock.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THURSDAY

In the Mouse of Commons on Thursday evening Sir U. KAY-SitUrFLEWOUTII gave an account of the behaviour of Her Majesty's ship Resolution in the recent gale in the Bay of Biscay. Ile said that he had received a report that the damage she had sustained would be repaired in a few days at a cost of about £350, and that there was no question as to the stability of the ship. Mr. BUXTON, in answer to a question, said the Colonial Officer had received no information from Sir H. Loch as to the rumoured British reverse in Matabeleland. The House again went into Commitee on the Local Government (Parish Councils) Bill.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BURIALS QUESTION AT ASHTON-

IN-MAICERFIELD.

' In the House of Commons on Thursday evening, Mr. CALtcELT %V ILLIaMS asked the Home Secretary whether he was aware that the Vicar of St. Thomas's Ashton-in- Makerfield, on learning that a Nonconformist burial service was desired, refused to permit the interment in the new graveyard of that parish of Mrs. Merry, a par- ishioner,on the ground that Nonconformists had objected to the provision of such graveyard, and would grant a grave space in the old churchyard only, and that the Rector of Holy Trinity, Downall Green, in the same township, refused to grant new graves when the Church ef England service was not to be performed; and whether he would take steps to protect the parishioners of 'those two parishes in the exercise of their parochial rights, that the intention of the Legislature in passing the Burials Act of 1880 might not he defeated. Mr. AsQUITH: I am imformed by the Vicar of St. Thomas's that he did not refuse to permit the interment of Mrs. Merry in the new graveyard of the parish, that Mr. Merry had the choice of a grave either in the old or new ground, and that he selected the old became his relations had two graves there which were not then filled up. As to the Rector of Holy Trinity, I may remind icy hon. friend that he put the same question to me on the 25th July last. I then told him that I was satisfied that the rector claimed and exercised the right of appropriat- ing private graves to members of his own congregation and of leaving Nonconformists to be buried in graves where one or more interments had already taken place, and he sought to justify his action on the ground of the limited space available for new graves in the church- yard. The Rector now informs :roe that he is not aware that any new case has occurred since that time, and as he refers to the explanation he then gave I conclude that his practice is still the same. I can only repeat my statement, that I was not prepared to say that the Rec- tor was not acting within his legal rights,but I must ex- press my strong opinion that such a discrimination as he seeks to exercise is in entire variance with the intention and spirit of the Burials Act, 1830.

In childhood Is determined the destiny of hintlth. If chil- dren are weak, thin, and emaciated, all the evils of mal-nutri- tion are likely to over; ake them In maturity. Give the wevk- emsc ated children Scott's Igmulsion of Cod Liver Oil, with hvpophosphites. and they will begin maturity with a store- house full of latent strength to drew from. Physicians, the world over, endorse it. Chemists sell it. 2s. &I. and 4s. 61. —(13).

In the course of an inquiry on Tuesday at to the death of an infant who had been suffocated in bed, Dr. Dan- ford Thomas, coroner for Central Lendon. said he had an average of one such case before him every working day of the year—fully 300 cases a year,—all of which might be prevented by the use of a cot placed by the bedside, a practice which in Germany was enforced by law.

CORES OF ASTEIMA AND CJUGITS BY nit. Lofficei I'UL- MONIC WAYEas,—Prem Mr C. Colline, Chemist. Brett.di lane, etotirbridge ; " I am much pleased to say that your Wafers give general satisfaction, several of my customers having taken them fix asthma, coughs and &c., and iu every case they hay had the nested .fleet, In my opinion they surpass anything that boa been offered to the public." They give instant relief and iapidls cure asthma, consumption, coughs, bronchitis, colds, and all disorders of the breath and Wags. To singers and public ape kkers they are invaluable, a•-i haves pleasant ta•te. Sold at Is, ld. and 2e, Od. per box by all druggista.—(2)

V S. A. ALLEN'S

WORLD'S

HAIR RESTORER.

It is not a dye

Quickly changes gray or

faded hair to its natural

colour. A perfect hair dress-

ing, delicately perfumed.

COUGHS! COLDS! INFLUENZA I tl. . ASTHMARONCHITIS ONSUMPTION STH NIA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTIQN STHMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION STII MA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION. STH MA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION STII MA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION CONGREVE'S ReadMr.Congreve'sßook BALSAMIC ELIXIR On CONSUMPTION AND In Bottles 1/134,1/9, 4/°, OTHER CHEST DISEASES tit-, and 22/- Post Free for s/- from of all Chemists and Patent The Author Medicine Ven,' -s in the Coombe Lodge,PeCkham, liJnited E London, S.E. % C r r T ONCE T ONCE T ONCE ( T ONCE ) T ONCE T ONCE TH:

CONGREVE'S ONGREVE'S ONGRE' ONG,'" r-

ALSA.. ALSAM ALSAM ALSAM LsAy ,LSAr MINE IN THE WORLD.

riiLITICA.L._ AND LiTERARY

NOTES.

- - The efforts that are being made in many dis- tricts to avert the introduction of a School Board are not likely to be successful in every instance. A number of suggestions are made as being sufficiently strong to oveicome the imme,iate necessity of a Scho-1 Board, such as the payment of a voluntary subscription by the parents of the children attending school, or the payment of a voluntary rate by the ratepayere. It is due to the activity of the present , vice-President of the Education Department that many denominational managers find it exceedingly difficult to comply with the conditions of the Act of 1891, consequengy they are beginning to cast about for assistance in the ways indicated above. A movement of this character is now being set going in Earlestown and the ratepayers have been fav- oured with a circular asking their acceptance of a voluntary rate of 4d. in the X to meet current loss and from the nucleus of a fund out of which to pro- vide aelditional school accommodation.

It is to be hoped that the ratepayers will resist this sectarian move, and decline either to pay a, subscription or a voluntary rate under the present circumstances. And why should this be done? It is well known that in Earlestown, elementary edu- cation is in the hands of strict denominationalists; and it is'not so much a question of an increase in the rates that is feared, as the future of the present schools. It is seen that if a School Board is intro- duced, voluntary schools can never hope to compete with the schools under the management of the Board, with the result that they will either have to be handed over to the Board, or else given up. But a far more disastrous result in their eyes would be the loss of power over the young children in the matter of religious education. The opportunity would be lost for teaching sect:rian creeds and de- nominational doctrines to all children alike, which in the case of School Boards could not be done.

We have religious education in our Board Schools that is quite sufficient for many ft ienda of education, who are also ministers of the Gospel; and why ratepayers generally should be asked to support any sect to which they do not belong it is difficult to understand. If the ratepayers in Earlestown have their eyes open they will ignore the circular just addressed to them, with such an unparelled amount of impudence. If a rate is to be paid at all, it must be paid to a representative and responsible body, which will account to the ratepayers for all monies received and paid away. In this manner alone will it be possible to have a fair administra- tion of the Elementary Education Act of 1891, in- stead of the one-sided management and extraordin- ary tactics we have lately had the pleasure of witnessing. If the school authorities think that any provisional arrangement in the shape of a voluntary rate is likely to be approved of by the ratepayers, they will soon find out the enormity of their delusion. The election campaign at Accringtob, which ended so satisfactorily to the Liberal party. brought out some of the worst features of the recognised. Labour leaders. Hitherto they have been credited. with a modicum of common sense, but their action with regard to the contest at Accrington plainly stamps them as injudicious advisers of the people. They were evidently not born to become leaders of the political fortunes of our working classes. The arrant behaviour of men like Mr. ILeir Hardie, M.P., and Mr. Tom Mann brings ignominy upon the labour cause, and excites the disgust or a moderate section of the labour army. It Keir Hardie wants to ventilate his particular fads either in the house of Commons or outside, let him do soindependently and without expectation of any support from intel- ligent and fair minded Liberals. Something differ- ent was certainly expected of Tom Mann, but per- haps all the talk about him entering the Church in the daily press has led him to over estimate his own

muortance. Honest John Burns is a man of a far different type to either of the afore mentioned couple, and can see a great deal further. He condemned forci- bly the advice given to the workingmen of Accring- ton to abstain from voting, and perci iVed the folly of adopting such a course. What the Independent Labour party could hope to gain by letting a Tory obtain possession i of a Liberal seat it is impossible to see. Tory action n the past stamps them RS being antagonistic to the needs of working men; and it is hardly conceivable that they will concede their privileges, and ideas of social position, in order to extend the powers and improve the condition of our democratic workers. The sacrifice they would be called upon to make would be too great; and Tories, of all people, like to feel hew important it is that they iihould I3e the gover- nors and directors. of the British nation. Their fathers (ancestors is .the word they like) ruled the people, and they think they should do the same. Their tide has gone by and they know it.

The man to be pitied most, just now is poor Her- mon Hodge, the defeated Tory at Accrington. His wobblings over the " Contracting out " clause have gained for him an unenvitable notority, and Em- lovers' Liability will cease to have any charms for him, at least for a time. The telegram to the House lof Commons op the night when Earl Dudley's amendment was being considered, caused great amusement to those who had read his reply to the deputation that waited upon him. with respect to the clause. It would have been better for him bad he allowed the matter to rest at the conclusion of the contest. Apparently Mr. Hedge thinks other- wise. In a letter to the " Times " he gives additional evidence in favoi,r of the attitude be took on the matter, which, if he had made himself clearly un- derstood at the beginning, ought not now to be required. Anyhow he is now regarded as a" wob- bier," and it will be some time before the electors, can forget how he came to earn the name. Mr. Hermon Hodge, like many other Tory candidates, finds it extremely difficult to please Tory electors and the Tory officialdom at the same time, and es- pecially in the middle of an election.

The readers of the "Christian World "have a treat in store for the New Year, and one which is to be appreciated. With the issue of that journal on January 4th, will appear the first instalment of a new novel written by that popular novelist ". Edna Lyall." It is ,•egarded asia notable work and is en- titled " Doreen : The Story of a Singer." It is mentioned as a story of Irish rights and wrongs,and Mr. Gladstone's attention having been called to this fact by a member of Parliament, be has written,ex- pressing his great interest and gratification for this information. The public too will join in the warm • appreciation of the works of the popular novelist, which the Premier generously refers to ; and all who have read "Donovan," " We Two," and " Knight Errant," will anxiously await the ap- pearance of " Doreen." The proprietors of the "Christian World "ought to be rewarded or their enterprise by a large increilse in the c r.:u ation of their, piptr, which is in this case well deserved. G.P.O.

Vendors Kingdom.

B. :VE'-S A ONGREVE'S A, i ONGREVE'S Al / ONGREVE'S Al E FINEST MEDD

•AM ,NI

===== 0002601_18931230_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
F

• '; A • •

===== 0002601_18931230_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
. 4 . 1 . i s . :',-:. ';'' ... IT ''':*:', :: ~,,, A . .. 4: ' : ::: •'..7. - 1,.,,, j. . . , ' . ~....., ~. ; :',..?' '; .1 ' . A. 4 \ . ; ' '-'' YO . . . , • • , . ... .F. ', f' ,7,' :eV' , ;:: 1-. ' % 4 . 't ' :i Id ''',' ::I n . , . 4.4.' a. - ... r.'" t: ii. r • ' F- -1 : k-,....: .., 1, i-- i, .. . . . I' , , . h , . , , , 1 1

, ,

I

- - ' • r'..'"".;i• . • • ' '

.• 7 13,,

e

===== 0002601_18931230_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
" %'.l " ,

L"N• 1-.„ ' - gi;,- ~ 4 ',44.,, , : 1:::... 'l'; • ~,..,„.„

,

r

===== 0002601_18931230_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
ebe eraminer." Otritt

01 LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPk 113 Comprises THE Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday aft.irnoon. THE St. Etlens Examinir, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday ;morning ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. owning under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIoNS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PaRTINERsHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WARTED, MONEY , WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLE-9 FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, M ISCELLANEoIIi WANTS, , HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO SE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words W. ek. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREpATMENT only. No Adver- Dien sot fuserted on credit under 2s. per insertlon.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
faomottr Anrbants, Su.

NITANTBD, neneral SERVANT.IB to 20; able to wash.— MANN, 18. Brdge-at.. Warringtcm.

WANTBD, a Glean tidy MEL for housework, age 15 0,16, Apply 3 Bewser-rd, Warrington,

WANTED, a respeetabte GIRL as a general servant.— Apoly 112. Wilderspool Causeway, Warrington. GOOD GINERAL SERVANT ; family's warhinguient out; no baking; Sel 00l llou-e, BAst Ardsley, Wakefield, Yorks.

_ irIOOD GENERAL WANTED. for smell fsmily,quitet home fry trustworthy girl.-103, Bernilton-road, Lorgsight, Manchester

IATANTED.—G RNERAL SERVANT, willing to learn VT cookery.—Apply Mrs. CitatnEnorr 48. De Parys- avenue, Bedford.

r±I3NERAL Sk!RVA NT wanted, age 16 to 20; character recrired, able to milk —Mrs. ROBERTS, Letteows, Little Wenlock, Salop.

WANTED. aTt-er-Dhrist rens, gnext GENERAL SERVANT, 4,ver V.—Apply Mrs. KAY, Providence Hutlat. Brareley, Yotkshire.

WANTRD. for arm near Ch-ater. strong GENERAL, (no V V milltlog). State salary.—Apply by letter,l2,Markat- at, Warrington.

A YOUNG PERSON wishes to go out washing °reloading for two or three days a week.-59, West-street, Win- wick-road. Warrinuton.

fIOOK and HOUSEMAID _WA MUSS WANTED, for Lo,don ; good re crane, two family.-3111. FOOTEIt, 33, Exchange Arcade, Deal:more.

WANTED SITUATION as Gsrdener (singlehanded). age 28 practicil experience inside and out. liglaly recom- mended W. T.,EnoosLANII., Halifax.

COOKS, Honsemaids, Generals ; all elAsses of servants Con-tpiitly applle.l for. Call or write to Mrs. BAXTrIi. 45, Ch4tham-st Pr, B nk. "tieffield.

GBNBRAL WAYIED ; used to pubiie-house preferred; 48. per week ; n wing; good character.—Mrs. GRAVIGFR. George and Dragon. lronbridge.

7'ABit,VAvNT.. tou experienced. er , pgood 11cNhTarBaC)-t' er ?i7 nti4 sEpeR4l% sle. sz,,d ae —Apply M.J.W., 19, Market Place. Wigan.

GROOM-COACHMAN, single ,ice 26 ; ningte, or pair; excellent character. DI-engaged.—Moss, Ilafod, Shur- dington. Cheltenham, Glouceste• shire.

WANTF D. thormghly clean trustwcrthy person shout 20, as General ; one from coontry preferred. small farm. --s Address Mrs. loan Mosscroft Farm, Present.

WANTRD, a respoctable WOMAN, about 40 years Of age. as tion4ekeen r, in a ..orkinzrnan's tannty.—A pply Taom). s H KS :ERTL 7. Watermeetings,Bolton.

IVANTED, C")01‘1,, tiousem.bi-Laundre4aes, Generals, Girls; no tees unless suited.—Fosiita's 33. Exchange Arcade. Deanspte, Manchester.

WANTKD, by a young man, 25. a SITUATION as plain Gard,ner ; attend horqr ; willing to make himse:f generally useful.—VALti. Brar.sford-road. Worcester.

wANTED, clean, tidy ORNEBAL SHRVANT. middle of January, ab eto wash f. rally smad.—Apply by letter stating age and wage —Mrs. CARTER. 280 Worsley Road, ,-Swinton. Manchester.

le.txrdrinegnceedtdireGelNarKgeltAoLt NVANSTKERDVAIISTmeOtiIie el;;:ablnen work. Two in cami!y, dberal wages to a suitable person. Address. 17, Cecil-road. Seaforth.

All'AN9 ED.— Flat n Cooks. HOLlS4lllaid Wsneesses. VI Generals. DISENGAGED, gardener and wife. or ea rPt kers. groom,. bolnaids. aders. butler.—MlSS Witsox, Hegistry Office, 1e.% burn, Yorks._

f ALE and FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION. 70, lope-st., Liverpool. -- stab. 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Modical. and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or -elegraph. " Nnrses." Liverpool. •elephone. 6/C.

lir, int 9, Turiihtb34otiOrg,M

BLACK I COL.— Park Homo Claremm.t Pat k. facing the sea. WINTER TAR IFF on application.

'IODIFORT ABLE LODGINGS tor threo or fnrtr repprettable 1._.) men. Mee ntreaßLL. 59, Wet-!t... 11,1unit:1i-road, Wareng:on. •

UXTON.—THE PEAK THERMAL ESTABLISHMENT. The hest Hydropathir. in the district. Mineral Water and other Bath. Magnificent nu, lie rooms. Excellent -cuisine. Table crhote at venerate tables.

Manta.

WANTED. a few good PLASTERERS.--APply 14, Chapel ~ Bedford Leigh.

110 BAKERS.—WANTED. a YOUTH thatotn BURNDRED. 75. Winwick-rd.. Warrington.

PINAFORK, SKIRT, and DRESSMAKARS Wanted.— Apply A. T. PEACOCK 11, St. James-etreet, Latchford.

FOREIGN POSTAGE STAMPS. Old collection wanted. or old stamped tnvelopes.—J. LASCELLES, Machynlleth, Montgomeryshire.

WANTED, all persons to know that JOSEPH PRITC H ARD, jeweller, 51, }Light.. Runcorn, will send post free silver gents' Albert (any pattern) for ss, per 01.

Iftentp.

q- .

===== 0002601_18931230_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
3-Flarl)intrp; zgt., on 'alt.

CPPET-BRATING ISACININES he,t firtt eTenptat in the market ; variaue biZCL—OuR, 41, Pitt-street, Edin- burgh.

A 8-WOIISY PORTABLIC WV. GI Nit for sate nr Isire.and all Al kinds of macttl nary for sale.—Joax SomaLL, Longford- street, Warrington. •

100 MACHINE TOOLS. comprising LA.THRS,DRILLS, PLANERS, SHAVER:4. ENGINES, STUAV, HAMMERS, MILLINO. PITNCIIING end BENDING MACHINES, Ac., ready--For not apr.ay SCOTT BROS., Helifax

WE LET STONE-BREAKERS, nil t vp. e with s. wi Steel or iron Era mes ; also MORTAR L. CON- VERTU MIXREs, STEAM WINCH, 110ISTS, PUMPS, STEAM CRANFS. and PORTABLE ENGINES on Mire with option of purchase. Nrw and second-hend, ready for de- livery.--S. MAFO24 and Co., Erandon-at., Leicester.

All and 18) HAND-1101'T% Cranes. Crah-winches, Over- head Trairellers. screw and hydraulic Lifrirg-jacks, Punching-bears. and Rail-benders,We.,fion's mid rone Pulley- blocks, Shaftlnic Tohe-exnAnders, anti-friction Ni hit e-m et I —Youngs, Makers, Hyland-street Works, Birmingham. Tele- phone No 808.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Orinerodi Grierson. and Co. Limited), Hulrne, Manchester. have the •Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLET' PAT- TERNS in the trade. and 'are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, milivmuht. and stll kinds of linzinreeing Work promptly. CatalognerJ wheel and pulley patterns on appli cation.—Telephone 229.

DATENT OFFICE : B. K. DUTTON AND CO.. CHASTERI4:n PATENT AGNNTM ar.d CONSULTING NCH N BE lIS. S:JOHN DA LTON-STIOM, MANCHESTER. E. K. 1). & CO. sre Pe etical Enaineers R 8 Well as Patent Law Nxperts. and are therefore chic to give reliable advice upon the Workable a, welt as the Patentable nature of an in- vention. _ _ _

CircalAr of Info-mat ion -sent gratis. Itistatlished 30 years. N. Telein one 782. Telegram. fetus. Manchester.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRIDTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate del very NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with, all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

p ATENT OFIPICW MANCHESTER, B9TABLMIED IN 113.35. Mews. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have hai more ihan 40 years' persona! experi eece In connectien with thle Establish- ment. and vmseas praCtical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron man ufacterea.

"Self-help to the New Patent Law." price 6d. Cnlonia, and Foreign. Patent Laws,' price Is. GEORGE DANFES, OR., & SON, F.1.P.A., ILSA., STli

4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHE., lit. BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED WATER GAUGES, BELL'S ASI'ESTOS Pill KED COCKS AND VALVES Are the nest Fitt,,,ga in the Market. When ordpring new b,tlers,.strarn users should indent ler lad iusist t nese insteul of antiquated and unre- liable patterns. A Sample Set of Gauges or a Cock will be supplied on a two months' trial. luu.trated Priced Catalogue nest free from PUTZ, CURL' Y AND CO., THE ASBESTOS, INUIA RUBBER AND ENGINEER'S sToE.Es WARE o °USK, 2, STRAND-ST., JAHES-ST. LIVREPOOL, Telephone, 1078. Telegrams ASißSTOS—Liverpool.

Wo sTIHNGTON'S BURTON ALES AND STOUTS. FINDLATBR'S DUBLIN INVALID AND OTHER STOUTS. GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT IN CASK OR BOTTLE.

7INDLATER'S STOUT-S—m;;;;;;;-ha—d in 41 gallon cache. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS in bottles only. J. M. BEACON.

ITOOPING COUGH

HOOPING COUGH

BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER, • }a, ST. JAMBS-ST., WARRINGTON.

• " .

,

rrOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send for our Price List. Competition defied.--GoLDBEREVe, Paradise-st., Liverpool. Established 1850.

910BACCONISTS commencing. 111 d. Guide (post free.) I. How to commence.—T,,BACCONISTS' OUTFITTING CO.. 186. Euston-road, London. Manager. Hr. MYERS, Est. 1866.

T EFT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for- -IA warded, if not approved, goods returned.--Jamaa GOB- Ms, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326.328, and 346, Deansgate. Manchester.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

The celebrated !lectors: cure without intarnal

medicine.

HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOFING COUGH 4s. per bottle, Sole Wholesale Agents: W. RDWAPDS & SON, BRONC II ITIS 157. Queen Victoria Street, London. cßoup ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY DECEM

fitelts bp Pribatt Erratp.

j

ER 30. 1893.

&ales by Ruction.

Co be let.

rpo BB LBT, One Shop, with dwelling-hoeve combined. Good c-liar. Reasonable rent.—Apply THOS. WILLIAMS. Cross-lane, Barlestown. T°

LET, PREMISES, in centre of Warrington, suitable for small workshops.—Apply ASHTON and WOODS, Solicitors, 55, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

WILDING LAND TO LET, in Wargrave-road, near the Vulcan Foundry.—App :y T. BEESLEY, architect, 2, idge st., Earlestown,'or at Bold-st., Warrington.

OttotraT inotrumento.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

...

===== 0002601_18931230_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
inlts. bp pribatt trtatp.

El I E PAIR of BRONZE " Gallic " WARRIOR S, on Ebontsad Payments taken. Plinths 16 Inches high, splendidly 20s. 6D. modell:d cost two guineas. Only

-11111)RETTY JAPANESE CANE 1 UMBRELLA STAND, perfectly Only Payments taken.

new

ss. 11D,

UASHIONABLE JA.PANEr3B pod FLOW hItSTAND, six feet Payments takan. high. with Flower pot suspended by 6S. 11. D. Brass Chains Only

TEAR 811 P CANAL. good Herb, Tobacco. and herb beer 11 stores, doing Mood busineia, cheap.-119, Tatton-street, Salford.

URBEHOLD BUILDING LAND at Stockton Heath to be sold.—Apply JOHN PENtIIERTON, Stafford-rd., Wilder- spool.

ItIFFITH'S STRUNGTII PILLS cure Nery umeag, Debil- Ur IV. never fad. 2s. 6d. a box. GRIFFITH, Cbernist, Leenungton.

()N SALB, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOSICING, 16, Fenwiek-Street. Liverpool.

FRETWORK MATERIALS ()REAP. direct from importer. Illustrated price list free to intending purchasers.— ELUL DIETZ, Aniteur's Tooleries, Biretmgisam,

MANUFACTURERS' Remnants in stuffs,calicoes velvets, flannels, An., 10Th bund,es cheap, price list free.—W. CLARKSON, merchant. 41. Swa Bradford.

PREPARE FOR W I NT NR —To waterproof boots and shoes. makes them perfectly watertight does not crack leather. heceipt 6 stamps. —F.II. `LEWLS, 3). Br-owl-et., Reading.

MIRACULOUS OINTMENT and pain killer, ores rheurnallam. weak chests. bad breasts. ore, inflamma- tion. Speedy relief. allays pain, unequalled. Boxes Is. lid 2s. 9d—EATON. S Cl‘remont-rosid, liirkdale. Southport.

mob.#.4sua, -....27,rrAl!..s,!gnreenlmtPrmilitettirttil

===== 0002601_18931230_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTRIC BELLS

FITTED AND MAINTAiNRTD TOWN OR COUNTRY. EXPIRY OF TF.LEPRONE PATENTS. Telephones fitted in Mills. Workshops, ac., at very low prices. ESTIMATES GIVEN,

W. MORTON.

ELECTRICIAN. 127, SANICEY-STRBET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-.....

===== 0002601_18931230_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
O S' KIP VAl{l.lRi AND OTHEES.—ON SALE. 100 I To. EA NE, WILLOWS, HAZELS. ac.—G. M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bride, Manchester.

no FUIttgITURK REMO VBRS, GARDNNBRS, AND 1 OTH BUS, —MATS, MA rs. from 38. 61. per dozen. G. M. JONBS,II, Victoria Bridge. Manchester.

HUROLHS. WOOD HURDLES—G.M. JONI'S, 11. Victoria Bridge, opposite the Old Church, late 40, ,eansgate.

V EA-9T, YEAST. YE ViT.— Whok-sal, Dept ; all Brands; establishe 1833.—G. M. JOSE 4, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manche-ter.

IT INES AND SPIRITS. Cheapest in Manchester, quail% t 1 conahlereci.—G M. JONRS, 11. Victoria Br dge.

2NFLUENZA. DIPHTHERIA, INFLUENZA. SORE THECA= CUBED IN ONE NOUN BY , OTOR,CELOFT'S CURE. For DlPtithuria. Quinsy. Coughs, Colds, Asthma, Ind!gee- _ Hon, Dlarrhcea and Bronchitis, it Is unequalled. , In bottles Md., Is W., and 2s. 9d. Of alla'atent Medicine Vendors.

WaoLEsALE :-29,.*PRINCESS-STILBUI, MANCHESTBR

===== 0002601_18931230_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
' Be,' MR. THOMAS SUTTON.

ONE POUND

OUT OP EVERY THIRTY POUNDS OF TA CONSUMED IN GREAT BRITAIN IS SOLD BY

• 13ROOXE BOND & CO. This is an absolute fact, and it is the best- possible proof of the value of

OUR TEA. • . PRICES : 1/-. 1/2. 1/4, 1/8, 2/, 2/4, or 2/8 per lb. WE, HAVE AGENTS throughout this district, and we will gladly tell you the Tina' e of our Agent nearest to you if you will ask us by pott card;

- . OUR AGHNTS draw their supplies. ready-oackeel tnd labeled, constantly from us, and they sell exactly the same teas at precisely the same pr.ces as at our well-known Warehouses,

WA ARE GLAD to rPeelve apoliodions from energetic tradespeople for Agencies wherever We are not, already represented, Selling or Tea has long teen a regular Annuity to thlusands of euttirprialng _

Men and Women.

BROOKE BOND & Co.,

LIMITED. 17, PICCADILLY, MANOHESTRII.

(AID AT LEEDS, BRADFORD, AD LONDON).

Ureic the whole we are disposed to • A Duko's think bllalo the Duke OI.C4DINBURGEI £10,000.. would have done better if he had, upon becoming Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, , renounced the £lO,OOO a Year which, amongst ' other substantial sums, he has teen. iu the habit of receiving from the English taxpayers. Had he done so he would hays6stood higher in the estima- tion of Englishmen, and it can hardly be doubted that sitch an act of renunciation would have strengthened his position in the small German Principality to the throne of which be has suc- ceeded. Tne Duke has acquired the reputation, deservedly or undeservedly, of being "close- fisted "—an unpopular quality in a prince—Land his latest act will not tend to obliterate that im- pression. Besides, the ruler of an independent State does not add to,his dignity by becoming the pensioner of another kingdom. Sovereigns who in the past have so far humiliated themselves as to accept the gratuities of foreign coun- tries have, as a rule, been held up to derision and condemnation in histery. It is true that in this case the Duke is the son of the English Queen. As such, and as a subject of.the Rritish throne and a naval officer, he has shared in the profuse liberality with which Parliament treats the Royal family. HA? might have continued to enjoy that liberality till the end of his dap had

he chosen to remain a British subject, and te retain his connection with the Royal navy. Ile was under no imperative obligations to accept the Dukedom of Saxe-Coburg, and, indeed, it is said that the Germans have been not a little dis- appointed that he did not stand aside in favour of his eldest son who has been trained in GermanY• But he elected to step in as the successor Of his uncle, and having, by that free choice renounced his allegiance to Great Britian, and accepted the position of an independent sovereign,, it might have been expected that he would at the same time have given up all the emoluments whicb'. appertained to the place he has resigned. The DUKE has, however, not done this, and it fell to the lot of Mr. GLAnsTotqa to announce the decision of the DIME to Parliament and the country. may be easily believed that the veteran Premier' would have been gladly excused from such a task. It has been said in palliation of the Max's dee' , sion that the income of his little kingdom is on e very limited scale, and that his private inh ritance ' from his' predecessor takes, for the most party the

font of debts. Those who write or speak in this vein ignere, of course, the fact that the Dilke exercised a perfectly free choic3 in ceepting new honours. He had amp's opportu ties 0! baian'cing the respective tv:vtua. tagee or sadvsn"

tages of the two Courses that. wer,-: pen to

The. one thing that he was not entitled • recl upon was that, ,whilst accepting a position , re state and independence, he should also be alio'

to retain a large part of the pecuniary benefit that accrued to him through his being a ruerabe of the reigning family of England and a Britisl subject. But, apart from that, this plea ° poverty—for that is what it really amounts tO very Strongly contradicted. Official figures 811°1

. _ that his income as Duke of Saxe-Cobnrg

Gotha will be over £30,000 a year, while it is

that the Duchess receives from her brotterf tl Czar of Russia, at least an equal amount. In a dition to this it is said that the Crown possessiet of Saxe-Coburg are very considerable and yield handsome revenue; and then the Dake—a "

careful man, it is understood, in regard to mone7 matters—will have his "private investments. A' together,. it seems very clear that the nelf sovereign of Saxe-Coburg:might, without reduou3g himself to straitened; circumstances, have fore- gone the British pension of £10,004.). That Ore would be much more usefully spent in this oolle(i try in relieving ,the distress of the •unemploY? than in maintaining the ridiculous and foie pageantry of ri" small German court.

Two subjects of cotsiderable The Next importance will coma under-eoa- Council. sideration at the meeting of the Warrington Town Council on Tuesday next. Ori_ie of these is .the recornmendation" of the Gene"' Purposes Committte to invite drawings for the proposed new municipal Offices, and the other 'relates to the proposals of the Town Hall Pnric and Baths Committee for j ractically completing, the removal and replacement of the wall in fr°ni of the Town Hall. With regard to the municiP3 • buildings it is satisfactory to know that the mere inviting of drawings, supposing the recommenda- tion of the Committee is adopted, does not irre/°- cably commit the Corporation and the town to the carrying . out of the scheme. The ratepaYell should be in Possession of a 'good deal inn°, information than has, _as yet, been vouchsafe' them before an undertaking of this magnitude i 5 entered upon. They should, at the very. lens have placed before them a full and trust" worthy-estimate of the probable cOst. If, afte,r, that, and after a free and open ventilation of al' that can bh said for and against the proposal, WV are prepared to face the obligations that will b° thrown upon them, well and good. This IS cidedly not a scheme that should•be,or needs to b!' "rushed." There are, probably, few who %vie attempt to dispute that the centralisation of th°t municipal, offices would be a great improve upon the ratherchaotic state of affairs which Ow exists. But, unfortunately, in the present eullt tion of the borough finances, and in view of - 'pressing demandS•for a continued expenditure 1" several direction's, that, does not settle the I,q 10.9° tion. The question which the Corporation refillr, has to settle is not whether this or any otile suggested improvement is desirable or not, but,va: to which imProvement is the most urgent. , are inclined to think that in regard to urg°nel there are. two. or three other iroprovonen schemes that might be named which shonld precedence of that of centralised municiP3.o offices. Then, as to the Town Hall wall, it ineJ we Suppose, be taken for granted that the Conild- cil will endorse, its vote at the last meeting, "n adopt, in one form or another, the proposals 0; the Town Hall Park and Baths Committee. 1°,,, is there likely to be any very strenuous opPns°-; At the last`Meeting of the Council the objectiout that were made had reference, for the most par; to the cost and inopportuneness of the pNiei...s . Since then, however, Mr. P. Monks has mad%Ple handsome and unconditional offer of a pair of L`nr gates ,and has intimated that he intends to.blt , tile eost of dltC ii rid ciiMpleiMg them. to would-in there :ei rcurm= Leos le 'llllevike,not so . say ehurlish, on pe part' tho Council to this generous and timely gift.

siiiP

ON Monday the opening of the Shin' ,6'nal: Canal for traffic—that great eli°l3 which has been looked forward t° 1113 g—will be an accomplished fact. There will 7- a procession of vessels, and cargoes Wj charged at Manchester docks. Special arra°g-ci ments have been made to give the forty thoasallv shareholders in the Canal Company—or of them fit; hke to avail. themselves (if the Pr; loge—a view of the pageantry, if such it 11,01,-0, called. What May he termed the scenic part of display is, mainly reserved for Manchester. The t-uree will be no organised procession on that part of a maul which runs through Stockton Heath t@ Latchford, though of course,. vessels will boVe. 9 pass here in order to reach the upper portionf of the waterway, and, indeed, a°lTie b°o them have done •so already. Members of t t Warrington Ccrporation will take a humble Pit,r„, in the cereniony,as Messrs. Monks, Hall and C°':r pany have placed ouc of their steamers fit the disposal; and a few cf the local traders cud mow- facturers will have vessels in the procossiOim Bete, Warrington as a town is far less interested in t that % 1 opening than it was atone-time expected would be. The clocks which were to‘transforte tho town into a pori for shipping are still ?,niirelY thing of the future, and nobody seems to ha" adileY definite information as to when they will be 111. ci The subject of the canal is, we notice, ri the agenda of business of the Council meetrag._ on Tuesday nest, and we feel sure that a statewrenry as to the probable future relations between Vb ri. tione rington and the canal by some member of t Council ipalified to speak would he welcomed. •

I

I

===== 0002601_18931230_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18931230_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;

===== 0002601_18931230_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
usual o] jecta. . noble qi with th ( a" terr this con to see tl doings ( Ile says der, pill I CAIIIIO be Chr

crimins " two ki laws un Protecti servant

Langua reading whose 1 strange the Cot the sub strut of the 1 about a but for Like m only en trade Mines. T4N

Ti

Loci

&II kii kept la °Mere

I

NJA.O

`---__

11 ally irtbo,

vet Ot Cl

===== 0002601_18931230_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
re( in; l'st 1N?

f, 't tt tt

C

===== 0002601_18931230_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'1

===== 0002601_18931230_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
- •

' COUNT TOLSTOI, the fanaolB Rua- • As others see na. sian writer, has been interviewed lately, and has spoken with his usual originality and directness on several sub- . jects. He admits that Englishmen possess many noble qualities, but—and it is always the 'way with thesofforeigners—he will have it that there is a " terrible prevalence of hypocrisy and cant " in this country. He obstinately refuses, for instance, to see tho religion and philanthropic side of the doings of the Chartered Company of South Africa. Ile says, "How men can reconcile conquest, mur- der, pillage and robbery with the Church of Christ awnixot understand.' Those who act thus may be Christians of the Churches, but they are crimina. ls none the less. There are," he added, two kinds of criminals; those who break the laws and those who act as criminals, under the Protection of the law. The Chartered Company's servants belong to the category of the latter." Language of this kind must be. really painful reading to that chaplain of the Company's forces whose letters, it will be remembered, were such a Strange mixture of militancy and piety. Then, the Count is rather heterodox, too, with regard to •the suhject of a "living wage" for workmen. Ho 18 struck, like many Others, with the indefiniteness of the term. In his own case,-he isable to live on al3bout a penny a day since ho became a vegetarian, formerly his daily food cost about six shillings. Übe many others, however, he thinks that the (`:ll3' effectual settlement of disputes in the coal 'rade will be found in the nationalisation of the zaines.

--- TANN E RS' LANE COAL WHARF, WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, • INCE HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. LALNIANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. c_Aptll kinds of House Coal, Nuts. Burgy, and Engine Fuel ri.n stock. Wagons sent to ally Hallway Station, HOllBO Promptly ,ttellded to. rs .i.ed also at las, Sankey-st. ------------_

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT Co. UNDUR THU CLOCK. 118, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. LADIES' GAITERS. LADIEs' OVER SHOES. LADIES' EVENING SHOES. LADIES' SLIPPERS IN GREAT VARIETY. GIRLS' EVENING SHOES. GENTLEMEN'S GAITERS. GENTLEMEN'S LEGGINGS. GENTLEMEN'S DRESS SHOES. • BOYS' DRESS SHOES. BOYS' LEGGINGS. THREE GOLD MEDALS AWARDED. ril ' UNDER. I lIE

JA 8. M.

G P.EENIIALGEL

AWNET ATAKEE, UPHOLSTEUR, AND

DECORATOR.

!SHOWROOM 48, SALNKEY-STRISRT.

WORKSHOP KING-STREET.

WARRINGTON.

,__

ARNE sns' TORES. WARRINGTON.-

,

B- UTCHERS' - e4u4trY-fel Beef, 141,atton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, , zyc of O-a the Best n'; --t Wat the Lowest Prices. . Deliveries in the Con,TIDI• '

SHOP.

FRUIT SHOP.

leem ss reaths "PPlies of Flowers, Fruit and Vegetables Daily. Bouquets An., made up on short notiee. All Orders receive Prompt Attention.

Gir°l43 MEDAL DIETETIC BPECIA kn T d a 11E0011.11E NORD TO DYSPEPTICq. ‘'eat been to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Pledieal Advisers. 1-1"111. MILLING 3: Co. LTD.

_ MERCII.ANTS, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
..•.......

===== 0002601_18931230_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
1, 0 A.L NEWS.

pacse - from t 6 We obserVP f1)11. Will recent ORT OF FIALT9I4; ~.eni, ..--., at . th Wof Wrigh e ,i final esarn- ination in' till at Cambridge for the 3rd an...,_ University Inte.ll Mr. 3ritiii 4.181111.0°M and medical degree.. W'r. "Tiin was right. Flalteonn. IIVEIWTHI8O• 1 irra,y-ra.,/laiteirslogfoer arnan ,ast nrofit at CoLLIER's.92.7/11117: urch-st"-- p 'Bridge 5t.6.e1l Anothe E°l-111's "53ItTies. Am Itim-601"1* chapel r or ~,...... E., . .. _. .. .. e'...he.9.A, chriat gay night, when on siol, ri,.ia s rvices was held at D C. 461:13413 CarolB and Iho anthein. A' rise. Shim,',' the Choir sang a null/If:Mr. on IAI3 Organ aeltdellr Playe,d " Unto Us a child is trirtiliao.,.,l an , address ..m,t‘lie pasl or the Rev j sirripsoni.t.e tl TLICfe Was at ' Ti,e Gospel f• J. incarnation. arge eanregatien. o the , COLLIE' • ' 4333 e OVer ten tOH9 of none every /Nint nine ' FIRE LT RIJECOEN• . n 0 thb divellingn. foam a viepral neighbours, house et isl E clock on Sunday eve';:n- vere ~, dtob" "d Are hy Be r• jainos Littlemoro was o::::::0; .a.e. .droom In ter. The fi_e _e Ist of. drawers in the front b. keta of ~,,. e .ra was extinguished by mean-10f who broke into , .. me, thne ndretnearis,e. is estimated it £lO. It IS Sit falling upon the I tl 's. In4ted br sparks from a cand e c 0 ies in the dnawers. - buc 10 peged ti a., Cor.; . t. —nut& ays.tts are g" ht d (hr.— '4 du oing mg an .TT WrioN64. _e At EXPran RESCITR OF A PRISONER AT hef„re tAI . AlVidnes Patty session, on Thursd4Y,47. If. watic ZeaYort (Aliferrnan F. Ittinoa? li Pstriok lit'Brease. r 11. Gossage) anccli, 'a „flan well Lei e.an'e• to Vie police, was charged with resisting.as,. Tee c,.. stWe Miirra v, on Tussilay a f tern oonn alebbarze‘of gStiale:TOB Police. dor:listable was taking a man into custody' on attemtf edd to e„nnee-'s when the prisoner came up WOI'SfOI %hie ''. voe tria n but when Police-cons . oner was tom.. away, —The Prig Aned - Itono the seene he ran away. ia- £l. and 8. 84. costs, or fourteen days. _ ~,,,. .43TL,18'59 DAM NS SO 21b. for 64. at COLLIER'S;I :ss ' 111:11"vt'lLix SEAMEN min Tung CHRISTMAS br ea AT lioNconN. oh Th n, Ursday, at the Run . eorn Police Court, .3 Enni Gunderson and NT„-Jsrt SHOm«:n, named John ult. fu'rStrotn , were charged with ondrunkenness and assa v Christmas Pri.: (IR' Police-constable Gregory one e the ha rip as'enderson is mate, and Norstrom . 131 is to opsn this 1.-,,,,„,4C1ed .)ri tin. ship Nordensajcid, which Monday next. , ''' attic on the Afanahester Ship Canal on the prisoners by ....'ne evidenca. which was in'erprete4! Liver; to at sat, W. W. Sodenberg. the Norwegian night, al)" 11001. waS to the effect that on Christmas .1.1 ..., _,.., ' l'ed two women i mue ten o'clock, the' prisoners insil in. tip and Street, an' upon Police-constable GregorY go•••••• sire, abtl• tereenstrating with them, they ben .me very The, vaae manner, . k _ i and attacked him in a very asamaTiman. and kir ti,? , ltprisoner Norstron,bethhaz c,. i iclekrA's hands. He also tape, ‘it , .11e handcuffs ou ! "e enlist able'a w Ili, efrom , I tl him and neither the hwear_ been 'recovered,--They , 0 4e. CUM nor the whistle had betho drunkenness.' end 1 , each fined Ss. and coS's for default twenty.one days ilnd cost for the assault, or in haPd labour. J, io to PRITCHARD'S, 51, High-at., Runcorn, for the heot i 4IVE Oland %Ina a working mau,oan hare. —zett.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• 1

===== 0002601_18931230_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Ship 1.7013 to s° ill be

sod oriv ty be f the mere

re tO ti 0135 th°

Pgr he aDtr Batt 010

===== 0002601_18931230_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
• Mims Faits PUBLIC Luaus" The Committee have decided to opens branch library •at Farnworth, at a dost not to exceed 104. per Week. During' the month there hnd been an average disilv attendance of 624, id, the books issued numbered 6,583. Over 6,000 delicious loaves sold every week at Cousea's. —Advt. 1. PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL, RUNCORN. In connection with the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavour, associated with the above plane of worship: a tea meeting was held on Christmas Day. There was a large gathering. The after meeting under the presidency of Mr. John Wilson. A miscellane- ous entertainment was given by the members of the Society. PRITCHARD'S have now stood the test for fifty yews. and quality and first class workmanship are still guaranteed,— Ada. ST. Josses PRESBYTERIAN CHAVRL, RUNCORN. On Tuesday 'evening a social evening vas held in the above schoolroom, under the presidency of the Rev. J. Pultord Williams. There was a good attendance. of mem- bers and friends,andduring inte.rvals refrestun ents were partaken of by the company. After a few remarks lw the Chairman a capital programme was submitted, con- sisting ot instrumental quartets,songs,fsc. For sweet„.white, home made breadary Oottusa's.—Advt. THEFT FROM THB PERSON AT WIDNES. At the Whines Petty Sessions on Thurwiay, William Walmsley-et., was charged on remand with ' stealing a battle of rum from the person of George Neville. On Saturday night the prosecutor was stand- ing looking at a fight an Warrington-road, holding the bottle of rum in his hand, when the prisoner came up, snatched the bottle out of Isis hand and ran off. The prisoner pleaded not guilty, but the bench fined him 10s with the alternative of seven days' imprisonment. COLLIER'S, est. 1840. Bake I Collier's are always baking.— Ad. ST. THOMAS'S DAY AT flexTost. On the above day the Eaton. Squire's and other, chari- ties were distributed in the Girls' Schoolroom, Halton, the amount being £23 10s., which sum was given in 'amounts of 53. and 10s. each to over 50 old and deserv- ing people irrespective or creed, the same rule having always been adopted before any controversies about dcles were ester started. The following gentlemen were present at the distribution : rhe Vicar (the Rev. G. D. Wray), Mr. C. L. Evans (representing Sir R. M. Brooke, Bart.l, Mr. Thomas *right and Mr. 11. Rowe. JOSEPH PRITCHARD, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, High- it., ltuneorn.-21thit. SERIOUS ILLNESS OF MR. THOMAS MATHESON. • We regret to state that Mr. Thomas Matliescn,formerly chemical manufacturer at Widnes, is lying ill at his residence, Rockfield, Bromborough, having been con- fined to bed for nearly a fortnight past. Mr. Matheson was upon the bench two weeks ago in fulfilment of his duties as a maaistrate, and a couple of days' later he was seized with influenza. Upon this pleurisy super- vened, but Mr. Matheson recovered from this and passed the Reuter stages of the disease successfully. He is, however, still very ill, although his friends hope for the best conclusion to his sickness. SPLENDID NEW CURRANTS 2d. per lb. at COLLIER'S.--il Girt. ALLEGED UNLAWFUL WOUNDING AT DUTTON WORK- HOUSE. On Thursday morning, at the Runcorn Police Court, before Messrs. J. Brundrit and G. L. Davies Cecilia Givinam, an inmate of the Runcorn Union Workhouse, was charged with wilfully.wounding another inmate, named Jane Barnsley, on tOe previous day. The evi- dence sbowed that the woman assaulted is 80 years of age, and assists in one of the wards. The prisoner struck her a violent blow on the head with a can, caus- ing a wound two inches long, from which blood flowed profusely. The doctor attending her had certified that she would not be able to appear for a week.—Superin- tendent Atherton asked for a Keinatiel for that time, which was granted. If you want your WATCH sAPAIRED by skilled workmen take it to Prarrcrrean's. - Acht. TuE RECENT TABLEAUX VIVANTS AT RUNCORN, The receipts as the very successful and enjoyable entertainment arranged and given he Miss Pierpoint and her punds, assisted by a few gentlemen, in the Public Hall, Runcorn, amounted to £24155 sd. Alter meeting all liabilities there is a balance in hand of £ll. 15s. This the committee have decided to distribute in the follow- ing manner : 422 24. ti the poor peoole's beef tea fund, 3!. to be returned to Mi.ts Pierpoint for the nurse fund, and the remaining £6104. to be handed to the Runcorn Relief Fund. Those who gave their services are deserving of every praise, for Ihrbili their efforts several well-deserving charities have been assisted to the extent mentioned. PURE IRISH BUTTER. Is. per lb., at Cotumes.—Adet. INQUESTS AT RUNCORN. An inquest was held Thursday afternenn, at the RWICOTII Police Court, before Mr. J. E. Worsley, on the tisrly of Minnie/Thompson. aged nine days, daughter of John Edward Thompson, 24,1gerfulk-st., sslin wasfound (wad in iss,l on the morniae of C.irithrias Day. Dr. McDougall exTii;sVitthe opinioflthatd/Rfftfrirflr naiural causes, aid a verdict to that effect was accord- ingly returned.—On Thursday N n inquest was held IT M. %.1". E. Worsley on the body of Albert Abrams, aged six weeks, son of Thomas Abrams, 20, Sc. John-st., who was'found dead in bed on Tuesday morning.. It was shown that deceased, two children, and the another slept on a small improvised bed in the kitchen. The baby was well on going to bed, but was dead on the mother awaking. The jury came to the conclusion that the child hai died from suffocation, through having been over- laid. The coroner told the mother that she ought Co have exercised more care. JOSEPH PRITCHARD, Si, high-street. Runcorn, kseps SPECTACLES to suit all sights, from a shilling a pair.—Adal. SCENE AT A WIDNES RAILWAY STATION. On Thursday at the Widnes Petty Sessions a yeattle named John Roberts, 62, Merton Bank-road, St. Helens, was charged on remand with travelling on the London 'and North-Western Railway, from Appleton to Widnes, without a ticket on Saturday night last, arid alol with assaulting a singleman named John Hardy. Mr. Bland prosecuted. The evidence was to the effect that the prisoner travelled by the train which arrived at Widnes about 6 30. Ile, gave up a ticket frim St. Reims t leton and refused to pay the excess fare, which was APP a penny. Hardy was assisting the ticket collector, it rut prisoner struck him in the chest The prisoner said lie di.s nat know what he was doing. He was found 0,1, and 124. costs for the first offence, and for the assanit 10s. and costs, with the alternative of 14 days' imprison- ment. When In want of a CHASTE and ELEGANT WEDDING} Or HIRTt:IDIT PRESENT go to PRITCHARD'S, 51, High-street. - Ady -

of C.tri:tmas _ thAt4/Witlll46 I

___ " THE MESSIAH" AT ReNcsitx. A very Wee and appreciative audience assembled in Runcorn Public Hall on Christmas night, on the occasion of the performance of Handel's " Messiah " by the Runcorn Tonic' Sol-fa Prize Choir. This is the third successive year that the choir have performed this masterpiece, of oratorio during the appropriate season of Chrisityastide, and that it fills up a blank is abundantly testified by the patronage bes- towod. Mr.Holford, and the choir are to be heartily con- , gratulated upon their performance of Monday night. I The familiar choruses were sung with the exactness for ' which the choir is noted, but also with a feeling and ' power that left little to be desired, and the audience ex- pressed their approval in an unmistakable tbanner. The principals were MiSS Moorhouse, Miss Fish, Mr. G. H. Lawton and Mr. Eaten Batty, and they proved an effi- cient quartet. Miss Nlnorhouse has a soprano voice of great range, and she sang with much taste and expres- sion, a remark which also applies to the • voealisatietrof Miss fish. ' Mr. Lawton has a plessinz voice which he usea to the best advantage, and 'Mr. Batty, Who is DO stranger to Runcorn, sang with his accustomed effec- tiveness. Each artist received one or more encores. The ACCOMpanigients were played by An orchestral band un- der the leadership of Mr. ..1. W. Collinson, and Mr. F. Royle, F.C.0., was the organist. Mr. John Holford , . L.T.S.C., was the conductor. DELICIOUS DEIS? CRUST round Cottrea's bread.—Arlat. ROBBERIES AT RUNCORN. At Rancern Petty Sessions on Wednesdar, Saannel Dutton, 15, Peter Furnival, 14, and Thomas i'aalins. 15, were charged with stealing one cwt. of lead. value 10s., the goods or the United Alkali Ganpany, at Runcorn,on the 20'h inst. Wm. McLeod, foreman plumber at the Soap Works of the Alkali Company, identified the lead. Thomas Bazley, chemist at the same works, spoke to secina the three lads cutting the lead with a. hammer and chisel. Insoector Cooper spoke to apprehending Furnital and Dutton. He charged them with stealing the lead. 'Dutton replied that he saw Collins going to. wards a field at the hack of the Soapery Works, and they went with him, when he commenced to chop up some lead. Furnival replied to the Rattle effect. Collins was apprehended at North wicii,a nd in reply to the chs,rge he lead, hut stated that the other la,:le , pleaded guilty. A fine of 10s. was ddiedn.iedc takingoliins n any imposed en each prisnner,nr seven days' imprisonment. John Ford, a stranger, was charg;ed with stealing a tin nf tongue and lilhs. of bacon, value 24. 21., belonging 'William Gittens, grneer, Lowland's-road. Runcorn, bi, the previon2. night. Fined 104., or in default sevgeanildoany,s,r. —Albert Walker, aged 9 years. of 1, Back Brunswick- street, was charged with stealing enme coal, a nil, and a can. value is. BJ., the goods of the Manches- ter Ship Canal Company. He was bound over to come up for judgment when called upon, in his mother's re. cogniSaisces. $0 RUASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. if made et once at MASSIL'iI Furniture Warehouse, Bridge Foot, Warrington, —See fuller API., page 4.—A dot. BBLACoNT SCHOOL, LATCTIFORD. The Annual party and prize distribution was held on Friday evening last week. The programme con- of musical drill, solos, choruses, and recita- tions. Solos were rendered by Missed M. Kershaw and M. Iligham, and Master R. J. Moss ; pianoforte solos br Misses E. G. Marsh and M. fligharn ; red- rations by Misses C. Walker, M. Henshall, and Dorothy Truslove The prizes were distributed by Mr. S. E. Jol,nfion, and a most enjoyable evening was spent by the pupils and friends. . ALL HOUSEHOLD LINE•t, hemmed and marked, free of clan:V.—l. and W. DUTIOX, ::aukspst.-11d.t.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-T

===== 0002601_18931230_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
WAItRINQTON BOA RD OF UAR DIANSI

The fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held in the Board room of the Workhouse., on Wednesday. There were pre- sent, Messrs. G. Ratcliffe (chairman) It. Heaton, J. Muir, J. Hill, A. J. Jolley, S. Davies. W. Shaw, J. Ilit,bert, W. Houghton, A. Jolley, W. Fairclough, J. Digo urn, ..T. Houghton, W. Gill, Dr. Patterson, H. J. Longton, W. Balharry, J. Dobson, Turten, R. Owen, jun.; also Me.,sre. J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton .(deputy clerk), C. 11. Ward (workhouse master); Mr. Mines (superintendent of Padgate Schools.)

===== 0002601_18931230_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE COUNTY ItATE.

The CLERK reported the claim from the Cheshire County Conocil,olE247 18s. 4J. in respect of the county rate, chergetble on Tnelwall, Grappenhall, and Latch- ford.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
TOE TOWN HALL EXTENSION.

Mr. LONGTON asked whether, in view of the contem- plated extension of the Warrington Town Hall, it had been considered that the Board was in need of more cen- tral accommodation. If there was going to be any altfration, it might come before the Board for considera- tioe,—The CLERK replied that the subject of having central offices in Warrington for Union purposes was one that had been before the Board upon many occasions in years gone by. If a central building could be obtained, the Board room could then be used for Workhouse pur- pcnes. As the population increased,Ehey would no doubt sconer or later require additional buildings for the insti- tution, and particularly there was the question of the infirmary. He thought that it would be both a useful and a prudent thing to do if they could have combined effices for rural as well as for urban purpoies in a central position. Ile was afraid, however, that they could not follow out the su4gesflori of Mr. Longton. It w.s always the rule to have the Union offices separate from the municipal offices. Of course, they could be near the Town Hall. If Mr. Longton could see his way to move the appointment of a small committee of expe- rienced Guardians in order to c.fisider the subject it would be useful in fixing upon something—Mr. . LONO- TON said that he would consider the matter further,and bring the subject before the next Board ineetiog:—After further remarks by Mr. Heaton the subject dropped.

THE PROPOSED SUPERANNUATION OF DR. SPINES. The next business before the Board was the proposal to superannuate Dr. Spinks. Before he called upon Mr. Davie. to move the resolution, the Chairman asked why the names of those nine members who voted for the impel aonuation of Dr. Spinks were not put in the copy ol tie resolutions of the committee which was sent •round to t:aeli Gptilia,•,kiereas it had the names of thewiYutd aVilnstTtotrirrrrertlie whowas neutraT was titken down:—The CLERK said that Mr. A. .1. Jiillee asked that the Dittlle@pf the five gentlemen be recoided.—Mr.-A.J. JOLLEY said that lie asked that the whole of the names be retarded, and he quite expected to see them recorded—The CLERK replied that the letter was an extract from the minutes, and, as the minutes recorded those present, it was a sufficient remasi of bow the members voted.—Mr. WM. BOUGHTON Could not Un- derstand how it got into the newspapers.—The CLERK said that he never knew a Board of Guardians whieli aid not reserve to itself the right of, private discussion on a question of this kind. The members of the Press were not elected by the rateDayers to deal with their business. It was the. Guardians who were entrusted with the discharge of that duty, and they had every right to consider in private a subject which was only a preliminary to a public diseussian. It was a mystery how the resolution got into, the papers.—Mr. Unarms said that as the present discussion concerning the super- annuation of Dr. Spinks Was only preliminary it would be deskrable to go into committee.—This suggestion was however passed by without notice, and Mr. Davies pro- ceeded to move a resolution to the effect that Dr. Spoiks be asked to resign his position as medical officer at the Warrington Workhouse, and also for No. district be- longing to the smile. In doing so he hoped tlilat lie would not say one word which would be the means of creating any lengthy discussion. He thought that the tim liad•come when, through age and infirmity, Dr. Spinks should be asked to resign his position. He hid been a most faithful officer during the best part of the time tie had been engaged, haying served the Board for 40 years which was a very long span. There had been a question as to whether Dr. Spinks should have two-thirds of his present salary at £133 or £l.OO which was not very much different. The motion for two-thirds of his .pre- sent salary had been carried in committee by nine votes to five. Before they separated, he thought that four out of those five had changed their minds upon the question, which left cnly•one, who he believed had changed his mind since, so that the motion was • prasticallv unani- mously carried. They also had law on their side for lie believed it was distinctly stated that in case the medical officer of health served 40 years, he was entitled to tsro- thirds of his salary. (A member: rhat is the maximum). For a long period,Dr.Spinks bad not applied for an increase of salary,and if he had there was no doubt that he would have received inure than he had at present. Be hots-el that there would be no personalities. If they believed that Dr. Spisks was cleserviog of the superannuation, let them be just and honest and giye it to him. He honed that the veto would be unanimous.—Mr. Alum :sail: that be was sorry that the Board had muddled Lae matter al- together, in ealling-upon Dr.,'Sninlis to resign. It was not•respectable nor respectful of the Bpard to do so.„ He would floWever see.end the .motion.—Mr. IliveroN sup- ported the motion.. Dr. ,Spinks as the oldest officer they had, and they ought to grant the prormed super- • annuation.—lvlr..Dossos./ said that it seemed to hirp that the Board was labouring under a mistake. If the doctor had resigned, he could sot have claimed anything. The Beard was bound to accede to his request. If they did not give him the superannuation, he would continue to tie the medical officer. (the CHAIRMAN " It's Hobson's o.4olee.")7—Tbe Clink was appealed to to state whether AfirlDobson was right,to which he replied that unless the . . .

doctor neglected his duties, he club' not be removed by the Board.—Mr. WM. HOUGHTON said that he supported the motion, but he must confess that he did it very hat heartedly. He would not like the doctor to think that In, had been illtreated by the Board.—Mr. GILL also sup- ported the motion, fie heard an argument used in an- . other place which would apply to the present case. It VW to the effect that when a doctor became the parish doctor, his private practice was injured, RS the people did mt like to have the parish doctor coming to their houses. ' They had not paid Dr. Spinka a handsome salary, like he might have received from a lavish Corporation, and he thought there ought to be very little hesitation between £1.33 and £lo3.—ln reply t ) a question by Mr.- Hill, the CLERIC said that he thought it would be well for the Guardians to make a private agreement with any future medical officer for a six menthe notice. There was a possibility that they would have to change the infirmaiy for a larger one when it would be tiGcessery for the medical dfficer to be resident on the premises.--Mr. A. J. Joptair said that it had been stated that several mem- bers had changed their minds, but lie had .not changed his mind. •fir had sinkpiy said at the close of the corn- mittee meeting that he would not act the part of an oh- structionisi but would loyally how to the majority. He had not only not changed his mind, but he also appre- hended that the other gentlemen trad not changed theirs either.—The CIIAIRMAN contended that as Dr. Spinks hal had £2OO fdr a considera.ble time, he had received ample without having any superannuation. He did notbelieve in superannuations for any oflicer.—Upon the motion being put to the meeting it was carried unanimously.— Mr. DAVIES then formally moved, and Mr. HEATON ssee cnotnstati v upon dr,ltatolDrtiis Hprti ttlikrsi retiring from office, receive.ro t ‘v n 41 i d thisdaAnof his waspre- also carried.

THE RECENT POLICE CASE.

Mr. HIEBRRT asked what action it was intended tn take , with reference to the recent case of cruelt7; to a child at the Warrington Borough Court in which the child had been an inmate of the Workhouse, previous to her being adopted.—The CLERK replied that the Committee had considered the matter and had thought it to Lie tezcatli their dignity to notice fuiteer.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
PP. -7Y?:`

===== 0002601_18931230_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
TTTE EX AM IN-E": SATUVD AY. DECEMBER 30 1893.

PROPOSED NEW EYF-LAWS FOR RUNCORN. ' TO THR EDITOR OF THE " ERLMINBIt." • Sir, —We see that you have been kind enough to give a rull report in your valuable paper of meetings of the Improvement Commissionere of Ituncoru as to the new. bye-laws, and we know you are always willing to give Justice to both sides of a question so very important to the town and the welfare of from Ii property owners and tenants. &mat of the Commissiohers Have felt the responsibility of adopting bye-laws which they may not have thoroughly understood themselves in all their de- tails, and therefore have been kind enough to ask a few ratepayers and contractors of the town whom they thought had experience in such matters from their daily occupations in building houses, &c., in differeut towns as to their opinion on several clauses. After con- sultation there were a few gentlemen found willing to go through the bye-laws and is meeting was called tor the 10:11 November. At that meeting it was proposed that the secretary pro.tens. should ask the secretary to the Commissioners for two copies of their intended bye-laws. His reply was that We could only have ticopy by paying sixpence per hundred words of the same, whicn was naturally declined, especially when the ratepayers were already paying for the printing, and while the type was set Would net cast more than say 63. a copy extra. but we afterwards foundthree of the Commiesanters willing to lend us theirs. At our next meeting, November 13tii, we got through clauses from 7 CO 50. amid met again en the 14th November When the further clauses were gone through. It was then decided for our secretary to write to the chairman of the Commissioners, as the time was limited by their notice, of our objections to certain clauses—the, particulars of which we give afterwards— and some questions that required answering as to what water closet they intended to adept, there being nothing definite in the bee-laws. Therefore there was no law as to whose water closet a contractor or ratepayer should use. We also wished to ask questions as to tee aslipits, as the bee-laws give one of 40 cubic feet capacity or three months, one of eight cubic feet and another of six cubic feet or seven days. We merely wanted information upon, the above, and at the same time told the chairman that , we should be willing to meet a committee (if the Runcorn! Commissioners by appointment to go through each clause and give our te asous for objections. The secretary wrote saying he nad received our com- munication, and it would receive attention, date.d 16dt Nov. We afterwards received (Nov. 28th) a letter saying that the committee would be prepared to receive the de- putation as requested on the 6th Dec., at half past ten a.m. The deputation met the Committee at the public 10fileee as per eote, and they were then toed by the chair- man that the committee would not go through any clause of the bye laws, nor answer any question ter they were passed and adopted by them. Two members then got up arid said they were not passed. Their alter they had . crossed swords-before us and agreed between themselves thee they did not know what they had passed, which quite pleased us, we retired. Now we cannot under- stand what made them invite us to meet them at all if they did not intend to anisver our questions—was it merely to insult us ? For we did not ask to meet them, but we should be willing—that is if they requested us. The following are some of the points which we raised objection to aud required answering : BYE LAWS. Page 7—Clause 6, to force every one to put a layer of concrete 6in. thick on the"vehole of the ground serfaee Of site of a building. Where there is good solid rock like some parts of Runcorn that you build upon, why go to the expense of cutting away good rock arid then put a 6in. layer of cement concrete, when one inch layer of pure cement . would make a better job and seal elm pores of the rock up, concrete being no better than stone to start with ? Page 11—Letter part of clause 13, as to damp course over every double or cavity wall near the roof we con- sider useless. `• We agree with the one in walls, on the ground level." We also consider the 2iin. cavity walls useless, as they stand in the bye laws. The rain or other moisture striking the face ot an outside wall will go through to the cavity. The moisture in the cavity will strike through the inside wall, affecting the plaster and after- wards rotting the raper and paste attached to walls in rooms Rod forming a poisoned atmosphere and unfit for human hetita tint's., We propose or suggest that there should be ventilating grids Oin. by 3in. in the top and bottom of steel cavity walls, famine a through Ali' cer- rent and so allow all damp air to escape or be forced out. This is not in the bs e laws, but still it is done in several buTlings in Runcorn and we consider it a very import- ant matter. It does seem strange that the great experts did not see it, but we feel sure the Medical Officer will see the bepefit of it, especially where there is so muce green poisonous papers used on walls. (See plan). Page 28—Clause 55, as to the heights of rooms. What necessity is there for having a room, not intended for a sleeping room to be 97t. high, say a box or store room ? Fire usual height is 81. nagee 29 and 30—Clause B. to G., as to strength of parlin. In these clauses we would illustrate to you the vtu 1A be4A.bv,slswnmagyOii a plan or serootas-clausse C. with parlins In: by siii., only one on each side. Also of a roof a few months alter it has been slated, fancy tons of slates resting on spars with a Oft. bearing ! It is sure to siuk and also to cause the ceiling joists to sink. through the hangers giving way. Then follow cracked ceilings. We also give you a sk'Ach of a roof proposed by the deputation, with two parlins on each side, 11m. by 3m., which inekee a stronger and supe- rior roof. There are Imre cubic feet of timber in it and still it costs less money, but Mr. Imison appears to know it all and thinks because the roof named in the bye laws costs the msst, it surely must he the best, especi- idly if formed by a London exp rt, which we say is bosh, and should advise him to study les subject next tune before lie tries to t ilk again We object to the whole of the strength of parlins and the errangements of them,and think that if each parlin was deeper instead of being so wideet would be stronger for bearing timber. , Page 31.—We consider these joists weak, and should never dream of putting auch light floor joists in a buiel.,

trArt;

l'ags. 44 to 49.--,We merely ask the question wile, are all these diTeri'rit sizes of ashpits for ? %ye approve of having 9111. walls to ashpits lined with cement or con- crete bottoms. We are afraid the commissioners eJnild ndt empty the ashpits with the capacity for only orie week's ashes—say there are 1.200 asiipits in the town— would mean 200 being employed every night=or during carting the filth through the streets during the day, as it is very often done now, and the passages' parapts and streets being saturated with filth. It is flrst thrown out of the ashpit on tie passage, thrlwn out of pa:sag,. into a barrow, and wheeled d iwn to the street and , tipped over. It is next shuffled up and thrown into a cart (or some of it). Afterwards kecked down at the side of the canal in rha centre of -the town. It is tlen throwri. inta a barrow and tipped again into' a boat. If the scent does nor, get thoroughly knocked out if it by that time, we thiLk i ought to he. It, could not be done better for the inir.Ltntanta to get the benefit of such a filthy and dis- gusting process. The deputali,n have never said a word against the improvements required, or new bye la ws re- • quived as some of the commissioners seem to think. We would like to ask whose fault is it that the town is in so filthy state as at present but that of the Sanitary Authority. Why did they pass plans and allow ashpits to be built in such a way. Although these gentlemen are placed in their present positions by toeir own siteklogi they do not seem to know their business as a sanitary authority, eapecialry when we come to read the non- souse they tinted at the meeting ou the 14th of November. , Whose tiult is it that there are only two closets to six houses in several places of the town ? fri °Nur places, there are sew,rs running under the dwelling-houses whiclt is against the bye-laws, and in other cases where there .has-raten fever, and in other prarts of the town they do not know where the sewers are. In these eases we con- sider the Sanitary Authority are to blame for not doing. their daty and looking after the welfare the poor ten- ants, atirl,as Mr. Leach very property admits,sorne of the dwellings ar,! a disgrace to a civilised town. The tub pail 83, s: etri mis a failure in St. Helens, Warrington and other towns. As to definite size of cellar areas, we think it should he made a fixture as to depth from face of wall into parapA. There are aases where we consider each party; have not been dealt with alike. A cellar under a shop is naelesswxeept you can get boxes in of moderato rtZ,:s for business and they are usual in every thwn. There are good sized cellar was to houses and shops in Egerton-sr., and other streets. Wiry couldn't they be allowed for the gentleman who has hada plan at the board 0111,n,, for over three months and not passed yet. by should one man have to beg a thing which he is fairly entitled t 4 while .thers Ntitain it without a word ? Yours truly,

DEI'UTATION.

slw YEAR'S PLY. As will be seen from an advertisement in another eoluiiri the Minks in..tlue town will be clo,ed at noon on Monday next. The majority of works will be closed, and tradesmen have giren notice that their establishments will not he opened. The attractions in the town for the day are not very numerous. There will be a football match op the Wilderspool enclo,are between Warrington and St. Helens Re- creation" A" teams, and the opening of the S'd ii Canal will undoubtedly "draw "a good pumhi-r of Warrington people. The railway, companies arc especially catering for those desirous of attending the pantomimes at Manchester and Liverpool, by runningebeap excursion trains. FUNEUAL OF THE LATE Mit. W. 11. GYT"' The funeral of Mr. WT. 11. Gyton, whose death was announced in our lakt issue, took place at the War- ington Cemetery on tion(lav afternoon. The re- mains of the deceased were 'conveyed from London on Sunday morning. At half past one in the after- noon the Itearm, followed by two coaches, left the house of Mr. Pigot (son-in:law). and the funeral procession arrived "at. the Cemetery at two o'clock. The funeral service was conducted by the Rev. G.D. I Mason, Wesleyan minister. Amongst those pr.ernt at the graveside wee Mr. C. Ii Pigot, Mr. William I Gyton (son), Mr. George Gyton., (grandson), Mr. I Cook. Mr. Bissell, and several other relatives and friends. Choice wreaths Coverca.'l"l"ffia•

TH6 PIioCESSION UP THE 8111? CANAL LOCAL ARRANGEMENTS.

The procession ot vessels which is to pass along the chip Canal on New Year's Day (Monday), will start from near the Latchford Locks. The time fixed for the commencement of the procession is AM. It will be of a miscellansous character and will consist of sailing and steam vessels, cargo and pleasure boats. Dining the week several vessels have passed along the waterway to Latchford to be ready to join in the procession. • The line of craft will be headed by the Norseman, a yacht which will contain the chief officials of the Ship Canal Com- pany, as well aS a number of the directors. Follow- ing this vessel will come the "Snowdrop," the first , boat which plied on the Canal, and she will contain ha members of the Manchester City Council. When Mode Wheel is reached the order of procedure will he ckanged. The "Snowdrop" will enter the locks first, and such ot the Corporation directors as are on board the Norseman will join the Lord Mayor and their colleagues of the City Council. hi this Way, as is quite fitting, the boat of the Lord Mayor, aldermen and councillors of Manchester„—beariug also the members of the Art Gallery and Technical Instruction Committees who have not seats in the City Council—will be the first to steam into the docks at Pomona. The time fixed for the arrival of the Snowdrop and the Norsemen at Manchester is 110011. . . .

Several local boats will join in the procession,and the members of the Warrington Corporation will also make the voyage along the whole of the canal. They will leave Latchford at 9.30 in the Helvetia, kindly lent by Messrs. Monks, Hall and Company. The vessel has been specially fitted up for the-trip, and suitable accommodation will be provided. The party expect to reach Manchester Docks at 3.30, but this will greatly depend upon the time spent in going through the various locks. ! The task of passing through these 'places may be considerably prolonged on account of the large number of vessels which will have to use the locks. It is not expected that the Mayor (Alderman IC. Greenall), will be present, though most of the members of the Council and the chief officials rA the Corporation have accepted invitations. A number of pleasure boats will run from Liverpool during the morning. The Warrington Corporation also chartered a couple of barges to bring up cargoes of setts from Saltport, but as it is not possible to get these crafts towed along the canal, they will not make the trip uutil later in the week. Messrs. Crostleld and Sons intend to run their three steam boass Gertrude, Ada, and George. They will join in the procession at Latchford. Each vessel -will contain a cargo of soap, and there will be on board a party of the firm's customers. Fol- lowing these vessels will come Messrs! Fairclough's two steam vessels, Pixie and Pioneer. They will be freighted with cargoes of flour, and will have on board as many invited guests as can be accommo- dated. Last week we mentioned the fact that the Warrington Slate Company bad chartered a vessel to bring slates horn Port Dinorwic to Manchester. It was arranged at first that the vessel shouldloin in the procession at Latchford ; but the company have been notified that the cargo cannot be shipped in time to allow the vessel to reach thecanal before the middle of the week.

- It is expected that altogether there will he 70 sea-going vessels Which will simply pass along the canalanL upon reaching Salford and Illanchester Docks, be berthed at the quays R 9 expeditiously as possible. The directors deem i necessary that the public should be warned as to the danger of approaching too near to the edge of the canal or wharv-m. At the same time they feel that great interest will be taken by the shareholders and the public in Os first arrival of vessels in lilancliester and Salford,-and they bare arranged to issue passes to all shareholders who may apply lor them, admit- ting to the Trafford wharf on the Stretford side of the canal, or to the Salford quay, adjoining the racecourse. No other persons will be admitted to the docks or above Barton except on business, but the banks of the canal between Barton Bridge and Warrington will he available for the general public, excepting at the locks. The shareholders and the public generally are earnestly requested to assist the company by keeping clear ot the leeks and quays, particularly when resjels are being hert'o.ed, discharged,or loaded. The risk of being accept into UAICII dos.k.,..L.At many points very :,•rettr.qtvl it would be—almost iinpossittle to provideAitti_tient appliances at all points .where danger exists. The directors feel sure that the shareholders and the public will co-operace with them as far as possible in this matter.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCURSION BOATS.

In our advertising columns will be aund particulars of callings from Litchford Lock+, of the Liverunol Steam Tug Company's boa's. which have t,en to carry passengers. The two bnat; mined a; being chartered are the " Toiler " and ",Despatcli." and they will join the procession at 9.30. Passengers will bo taken on hoard at Latchford Locks. and will he con- veyed to Manchester at the reasonable charge of 23. ed.; children being taken at half price.

InE FIRST SEAGOING. VESSEL PASSING EIROLIGII WARRING TON.

The sophle Wilhelmina, from Nova Scotia, which is to ho the first vessel to enter the Mancheter Docks, passed through Warrington on Wedneiday afternoon. She is itiden with timner and has a draught of 21 feet. She W 4?; piloted hy Captain Synnstt, and WAS preceded by the Nordenskjold, which has been staying at Sfltoort awaiting the formal opening of the great waterway. Abut twenty ve,sels are expected ti pass through War- rington hef.r., 31onday. They will then t dte up a pogi- tion heyond latehford locks, and proceed togelha* to Manche...ter.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN VESSELS AT THE OPENING.

_ Three of the steamers which will take part in the pro- Con on Monday next are the' Owain T.ldur," " Lady 1 Kate," and " tl.,be," all owned b 7 Mr. Win. Rawland of 9 Calming Place„, Livtrpnol, and •Leinster Gardens, Ran. corn. The steaink.rs will be laden with sett% &c...,,frota the granite quarries of Messrs. Brondrit and Co. ot - Pen- . maenmawr, and Runcorn, and will discharge dud.: car- goes at Salford. Thes.t i•teamera have carried a consider- able quantity of the material used in the Sjiip Canal construction, Mr. 'Rowland having been the contract:or to the late Mr. T. A. WalW.r, and a forwards to that gentle- man's executors, and Latterly to the Maucheste.r. Ship Canal Cc., for the supply of gravel for concreting pur- poses, nod during flat period of construction has supplied nearly 1,000,000 tons. The hnlk of this material was carried by theabove steamers and the sailing craft be- longing to the same owner. Daring Wednesday and Thursday several steamers proceeded up ttn: canal t) Latchford in order to take part in the opening ceremony. • On the latter day the s.s. " Lady' Be.-tsie" of Carnaryon. which has traded to rite port of Runcorn for some years, passed through Roncorn with 230 tons of. setts from the Weldi Granite Company's Quarries for the Corporation of Ma nchestxr. She proceeded past Lalchford Locks and remains there until Monday, when she will 'take part in the opening procession. These setts wire ordered specially by ths Corporation to enable the " Lady Ilessie " to be one of the first ves%els to use the canal. On thi joorney to Latchford the townspeople and villagers were roused by the artistic sounding of the " syren " by Contain Roberts. The ship was profnsely decorated with figs, and was In charge of Captain Hilt, the pilot.

AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. LEADER WILLIAMS. Fqw pmlishmen have any idea of the magnitude of this undertaking (says an interviewer in " To Day "), either because they compare it ti) an ordinary waterway or because they imagine that nothing can surpass the Suez Canal.. In reality, however, the grandeur of the works on the Manchester Snip Canal is far more impo.s- ire:. 'De Leaseps had 'very few engineering difficulties to overcome. Ilia canal joins two seas, it traverses a sandy and desert plain, it is built on a level, and all that was required to keep its banks sip was to give them a gentle slope. The Suez Canal had no vested interests'on either sida ; it had no railway lines, much less other canals (which could tint be diverted from their course), crossing it. /it light angles. Finally, it is much narrower thee its sister canal in Cottononnlis. •• Yes. our work—which I am glad to say is nearinr.! eompletion—was incomparably more difficult than Suez." TheFe were the _words in which my interlocetor, Mr. E. LeaderWfiliams, chief engineer of the Manchester Ship Canal, rave expression to his opinion. "Yes. Our difficulties began before von a plan was adopted, for we Mgt to contend with and remove the powerful opposition against the scheme in Parliament— opposition which wp. opported by the Corporation and the Deck Board of Liverpool, and some of the largest railway companies." " 150 you think that the canal will in any way be de- trimental to the prosperity of Liverpool ?" " Certa'nly to some extent ; but as trade increases considerably every year, in a short time there will be work for both of us. But there le no doubt that at the commencement Liverpool will feel the loss': You must bear in mind that Mancheeer anti the country within a radios of twenty miles is the busiest and most densely- populated district in the world." "Were there any other plane before yours?" "Oh, yes ; the idea of this canal is old, the late Mr. Fulton was in favour of bringing the sea to Manchester direct without hocks; but the difficulties inherent to this plan were so great that it had to be abandoned. Several otier p:ojects were prcseuted before wine was

approved and accepted. My original idea was to con- struct the canal from Liverpool to Runcorn by dredging in the centre of the tidal estuary of the Mersey, which is nearly dry at Iw tide, a canal deep enough to enable ships of any size to sail up to Runcorn at all times. But this gave rise to a most heated controversy. The opponents of the canal, in their desire to wreck the whole scheme, objected that the works on the estuary would Cause accretions such as had occurred on the Dee and other rivers. I finally had to give up this plan for the present more costly one, by which instead of enter- ing the Mersey at Runcorn, the canal is continued down to Eastham, six miles above Liverpool. This portion of the canal is, nearly the whole way, constructed on the river bed, and is separated from the Mersey only by a bank." Mr. Williama then suggested that I should visit the ;Manchester and Salford Docks,the terminus of the canal. I was joined there by Mr. James Deas, jun., engineer of the docks anel of the Salford section of the canal, and by Mr. F. L. Williams, son of the chief engineer, and resi- dent engiheer of the dry dock, built alongside the canal. I really only formed a true estlmate of the magnitude of the works when I got fairly on the ground, and I did not hesitate to give expression to my admiration. • My interlocutors satisfied my curiosity by kindly vo• lunteeri rig to give the following description of the works: ' —"The canal is 35i miles long, but although not so long as Suez, it was in many respects a far more formidable engineering task. De Lesseps gz.,t the land free of cost, and almost unlimited native labour at very low rates of pay. All he had to do was to remove the sand and make the banks with flat slopes. The Manchester Canal is a river canal ; its water's level is 80ft. higher in Manches- ter than at Eastham. In order to obtain this rise the canal has foar sets of double locks, which divide it in five sections : the first section frotn Eastbarn to Latch- ford Locks, is 21 miles long ; the second.to Irlate Leeks 7i miles ; the third to Barton Locks, 2 miles ; the fourth to Mole Locks, 3f miles long ; the fifth section, which contains the vast Salford docks, is a mile and three quarters in length. The double locks, dividing one sec- tion from the other, are 800 ft. and 3501 t. long respec- tively. The minimum width at the bottom of the canal from Eastham tip Barton Locks is 120 ft., and at the water level 175 ft. From Barton to Manchester these widths increase to 170 ft. and 250 ft. respectively ; thus, with very few exceptions, the largest ship afloat can get to Manchester. Near the teriminus this width increases largely, in order to enable steamers to move and turn round easily without interfering with the ordinary navigation." In reply to m 5 question relative to the prospects ol the canal, Mr. Williams expressed the conviction th ultimately it ihl be a great success. " Slat prevents Manchester becoming almost the largest city in Enelatail are the freights from and to Liverpool. High class goods pay 13s. 81. per ton at present. Ry Canal the freight fixed by an Act of Par- liament will not exceed 7s. %With this reduced freight, Manchester in a few years will double its activity. The shipping interests are folly alive to this and three lines of steamers are alrt aly wive' tised to leave Manchester on January 2 for Belfast, London, and Glasgow. There is at the present moment, moreover, a large number of vessels loading in different U.S. harbours for ManAirs- ter."

Mr. E. Leader Williams is persevering, affable, and lively, and had it not been for him it i 3 doubtful if the canal would ever have been constructed. He belong.s to a family of engineers, his father having directed the works of the !liver Severn navigation.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WA ItRINGTON )WN COUNCIi.

BUSINE3S OF THE NEXT MEETING.

A ineetinp of the IVarrington Town Council will he held on ruesdriy evening next, at six o'clocic in the Town Hall, when the following business will come up for consideration.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
PURCUASE OF GROUND PERM

The Finance and Estate Committee recommend : " That the ground rent of £3O per annum payable in respect of the Millstone Inn and other premises in Sankey-st. and G )Iborne-,t. be purchased of Lord New- ton at the price of 30 years' purchase." .

===== 0002601_18931230_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
1, Er W EmriNes.

Plans of the folloUing 1)-1;d-ding-4-Earn been apnoved bv the Street Improvement and Lighting Committee i—Shop in Horsemarket-at. for Mr. John Fairhurst ; two shops and alterations to preroises. in Wins', iek-st. for Mr. S. Gcugh ;24 coti ages in Dalton Bank for Mr. Stephen !hie ;11 houses in Liverp.iol-road for Messrs. Tirrniweti and Ailsop.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
AN IMPROVMMENT.

The Street Insprovetnent, & Committee recommend that the tenantn of the cottaqes in Buck ley-st. receive one mirith's tiot,ee to quit, and at the property be .pulled I ttt. a'ree: opPne•liir. _ _ _

The Mu!eum, Library, -Ar. and Technical Initru e- t ion C notn't I.e report ths followinq ciftA, for which the thsnks otthe Commi(tA) were ()Merril Ii) NI Snllt to t' ii ill :—•• Report of the Unemployed "—From the I li.ard of fru] e ; Iva reel of pamphlets, from Mr. F. W. Monks ; Notes and queries," 3 vole from Mr. R. her- point, ; °ransom Maps (4) from Mr. W. 11. Wood- e,,ek. The e‘nninittee also recommeryl "that Councillor P. Divies he added to the Committee," and " that the followinz I r mi the Art Sub-Committee :—The Chairman (...epvener), Councillors Roberts and I'. Davies, Messrs. Dutton.and Owen."

===== 0002601_18931230_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE CEMETERY.

The Cemetery Gli:ilit-te-e--812-Q.it the report a the Iteaistrar, from which it apt-it-A.-A that the triterinonts for the•past three weeks were—Adult,i, ; minors. 32'; stillborn and Isremature, 2. correAnciming period last year.—Adult, 25 ; 31; stillborn and premature, 4. i'lle 'receipts for the past three weeks were £7l. Is.ll 1.; corresponding ptriod last year, £5l us.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
TUN BATHS.

The Town Hall, Park, trlt Ihtli C)mmittre, subm:t the report of the liathkeery,r, from which it appears that iheorne from tho B:ithß for the past four weeks eras £3 9.t.; nd for the r orr.sponding period lt year £2' 23. 61. ; increilse, .C 1 63. 61.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TOWN HALL WALL.

The following minutes and r:•soltitions of the rown Hall, ete., Committee respecting the proposed 'altera- tions in front of the Town Hall, are recninmenilM for adoption " Mr. F. Monks atended by invitation of the Co: nitte to confer with them as to the position of the gttes which Ile lied offered. Mr. Motikt explained that his offer was made unconditiomilly, and that he wonild ter the expense of altering and completing tlin gates ; that Mr. Rowbottotn, of Preston, be called in to advise the Committee as to the layinz out of the land in front of the Town Halt ; thAt tile pdin submitted by Mr. Longdin showinz the line of the proposed pollsading and gates between* the two main entrances he approved ; , that the design for the new palisading submitted by the C(44 Ibrook6 t e Company Limited he approved ; that the 'portion of the recreation ground outside the proposed. new ralisatlin and adjoining Sink levelkd and laid out with seats anti trees.' A vote of thanks to Mr. Monks for his kindnev In Attending the Committees. '055 FOR BTALLIZOI.DMIS. . . .

The Marke's Oseilottre recomirruid " thnt certain atanhohiera in tha it.te market he supplied with gas fit- tino r'ornei)led tv t) Cannnitire. iI • ach tn tte vti4r4e,l 10.. p.r hnnum in.a blition to the charge Or grt anti rneter tent."

===== 0002601_18931230_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
sme CANAL AGREUMZXf.

The TAcco Cletk subinitted to the Rivers Committee on the 18. h inst., the agreement 'which hail heel; com- pleted with the Manchester Ship Canal Company, re4peeting the works at Warrington, by which the com- pany have undertaken to complete the dredging of the river, under a penalty of £5O pr day in default, on or before the first day of July, 1894. The manufaetorers and traders now using large:4 no the river will have the right to use the canal and the Runcorn and lastehford canal for the purpose of getting into the river at Howley (ia free of all toils until the dredging is completed. Until the lock now in course of construction at Walton is completed nd thado availahlo for traffic, the manu- factumrs and traders of Warrington will have the right te lege the Canal and the Runcorn and Latchford Canal from the Ist or January next, on tile estne terms pre- ci•tely as those colitained in the Act of 1885. All other rields are reserved to the Corporation,aud the company agree to pay the COSi.ft of the agreement. EIRE ENotem coma:mac. Tile committee recommend that the resignation of COMO illor Dr. Canneil as the Deputy-Chairmasi of the conunittee be accepted, and that Councillor Smethurst bs appointed the paputy-Chairman of the committee. THE PAR LIAMENTA RY COMMITTEE. The General Purposes Cominit,ee rettotnmend that Councillors. It iherts and thiton be added to the Parlia- mentary Comtnittee. MOTIONS. Councillor R. T. Falrolotigh will Move that Councillor Davies he elected a member of the (he Committee ; and the Mayor will propose that Councillor Monks be eleeted a member of Finance, Sanitary Worka,Museum,Library, Arts, and Technical Instruction, Rivera, and General Purposes Committees respectively. TENDERS. The following tenders are submitted for approval by the respective committees. Health conunittee :—Of Messrs. Thomas Allen and Sons, for the cleansing and painting of the temporary hospital at Aikin-st., at £2O 69. 61. Sanitary works : Ot Mr. James West to eupply 5,000 sugar hags at 2s. 74.1. per dozen ;--of Mr. J. S. Garland for the supply of 2,000 oak casks at 23 Dit. each. subject to the to: ma of the ad vertisement ; of Caldwell'i-, Limited, for the supply of bolts and nuts at 2s. 61. per gross. raving and Sewerage :—That an order he given to Mr. J.itn-r. Plinston for tour suits of flannel clothes for the men engaged in the sewers at 325. each ; and that the tender of Mr. V. T. Bennie for the forming and paving of Scott-at.. at£344 15.. 101 he accepted i—tiaa of the Wigam Wsgann Company, Ltd. to supply six new waggons at £53 10s. each. Water : That 2,700 yards of 6.incli pipes, with necessary cast- ings, be ordered from the Stanton Irsh Company at the contract price ; and that the tender nt Messrs. Richard Evans ard Co. Limited. to supply 20 tnns of slack per week for the next 12 months (the contract to be tree fxoni wualStalle clause) Ix acupted. •

===== 0002601_18931230_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
4;;:',.?:: 'irr ;.A; .

===== 0002601_18931230_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18931230_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN,

AT IVA It RINUTON.

Mr.H.J.Longton referred, at the fortnightly meet- - ing of the Bsuird of Guardians on Wednesday,to the proposed extension of the Town hail, and wished to know whether the Guardians could not have some share of the extra accommodation, The Guardians have not a very imposing structure in which to transact their business at present, and are greatly in want, of a more ceirral building. The Clerk,. however, while agreeing that the present premises might be utilized for the inmates, if the Guardians took another building, did not care for the union buildings to be connected with the municipal build- ings. tie would not object to them being near each other. Of course there is a factor to think of in any scheme of this kind. The rates are at present very - high, and it would be well to pause before expend- ing money before it becomes absolutely necessary. The Guardians did not come to any conclusion on the matter on Wednesday, but there will probably be more said about the subject at their neat meet- ing, when Mr. Longton has promised to. bring it up again.

The Guardians had the subject of the superan- nuation of their medical officer, Dr. Spinks, before them for discussion on Wednesday. One or two of them, notably Mr. R. Heaton and Mr, J. Niuir, were apparently very ewers: to the discussion being pub- lic, but they were almost by themselves, so that the Guardians did not "go into committee," With respect to the subject before them they were in a , peculiar position. Dr. Spinks is a permanent offi- cer of the Union, and, having completed 40 years' service, is thereby entitled to a maximum superan- nuation of two-thirds of his salary upon retiring. Tne majority of the Guardians were desirous of having a new man at the post, but they could not c-Ompel Dr. Spigks to resign as he had not been guilty of neglect of duty. Dr. Spinks himself offered to resign provided that he were granted the maximum superannuation. A motion calling upon the doctor to resign and accepting his conditions was carried unanimously, the merobern perceiving that, there was no other choice left to them. It is to be hoped that in appointing a new medical offi- cer, the Guardians will adopt the advice that was given them, and have a privat agreement tor a six months' notice. This would prevent all unpleasant- ness in future.

• ---- The statements made bt the Borough Court on, Tuesday by Mr. W. Pierpoint, and Mr. hunt (chief constable) point to the fact that in Warrington at least there has been a considerable amount of drinking during the festive season, notwithstand- ing the recent distre,s in the towns, and the si ruitened circum3tances in which many p, opre wete placed. The town was described as a "per- fect pandemonium " on Saturday night, and the Chief Constable alluded to the great number of bottles he FIAW in use, from which it may be in- ferred that there had been a good , deal of " private" drinking.

I

I am told that for lively incidents and direct and virile language the meetings of one of the Corpora- tion committees" takes the cake" just now. Let me say at once that the differences are no: on poli- tical lines for the disputatious memlvirs of this " happy family " are all Conservatives. In fact the Tories seem to be quite demoralised by their successes at the late elections. And when they full out they seem to instinctively attack each other upon that tenderest point of your true constitu- tionalist—his consistency. If they were half as inconsistent as they tell each other they are in re- •. gard to say, their professions of " economy,' they • • would really be too bad for anything. • A Correspondent writes: Dear Iderlin,—Last year •:•: I remember you alluded in these coluraus, in ci rather disparaging fashion, to the custom of carol- ling. This year 1 have found a reason for coinciding with you. My reason is that any custom, no matter what it is, which brings drz-ns. aye, hundreds of young boys and girls out of doors until midnight. is not desirable; is not good for either health or morals. Thi, is what happened for three nights before ChristmaS day.

MERLIN.

I

===== 0002601_18931230_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETIL

C/I AS time pisse.l very quietly, the unseasonable weatiicr tending, greatly to lessen the usual fe:tivities. Services were held in St. Mary's Church, Great Sankey,in the morning the sermon beim; delivered by the ViCal*. Rev. E. S. Jackson. Holy Communion was held in the Mission Room at 830 .1 An. A service was also held in the Wesleyan Chapel. Sr. Mary's Church was very prettily decorated, the plants, and , ferns Wins!, lent.bv Mr. G. H. Bolton, Pe,k.lll House. MUTUAL IMPUOVEMENT ASSOCIATION.—On Wedn-sday night, in connection with the :thove Sociaty, Mr. Philip Hughes gave a paper on "Socialism." Mr. It. Cooke was in tit:, chair. The es,arkt gave a very graphic account of the laenefittto ha derived iron socialism, and gave many reasons why it should be universa!ly adopted. The paper was evidenty the result of much thought and labour, Find was very interesting. The subject was afterwards discussed by the members.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAIL

MEDICAL APPOINTMENT. —Dr. Selby, of Frodsham, has been unanimously elected medical officer te the Ancient Order id Foresters (Frodsham),l.O. of Rechabites (Kings- ley), Rising Sun Lodge of Runcorn (Frodshain and dire tried branch), and tho Duke's Club, at Prestcn Brook. The two tormer are the largest clubs in the district. THE WESLEYAN MEN'S BIBLE CLASS.—On Tuesday afternoon the members of this ciays, to the number of about 45, with their wives and' Wends and the Sunday tfcbool t .acherg, sat down to a splendid tea in the lecture room. In the evening a v.-ry nice cdocert was held, tbe Public being admitted -to the room. CONSERVATIVE CLUB—On Tuesday evening, at the ab ,ve club, a smoking concert was given. It was pre- sided over by Mr. .T. D. Timmins. Miscautsmtous ENTERAINMENTS.—On Tuesday last Rank Holiday, a public tea meeting was held in the United Methodist Free Church, Frodsharn, in connection with the Rand of hope. In the evening an agreeable programme was gone through, consisting of readings, recitations, 'mega, and instrumental music by members and friends of the Band of !lope. The meeting was a . great . succtss. Mr. Thomas Rigby, J.P., of Sutton Weaver, presided. oimilar meetings, tea and entertain- ment were held in connection with the Frodsham Prind. tive Methodist Society.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WRONG MAN CONVICTED:

CONITSSION OF TnE REAL CULPRIT., . • . A confession which will remindi many,peopla of the segue! CO the conviction of Ilabron for the Whalley Itaege murder has ben published in Birmingham. • pour years ago a man named flatter was convicted ot stabbing a woman at Birmingham; and was centenced to 15 month's imprisonment. He strongly prot.sted his innocence, but the jury disbelieved the evioence he brought forward in support 6f his state- ment. Some days ago a man named El arris, who was in prison on the charge of murdering a young girl at Birmingham, wrote to Butler and admitted that he Ind committed the nem+. of which he (Butler) had been found guilty. It appears that there is a remarkablet resemblance between Harris and Butler. A curious pint of resemblance between this and the Ha br.in (298 is that Harris was present in court when Butler aas tried. Charles Peace who afterwards confessed that he murdered Constable Cock, was in the Assiza Court as a spectator when Ilahron was sentenced.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF A CHILD FROM ALCOHOLICPOISONING.

Mi. Brighouse, county coroner, held an inquest nt the Green Dragon Hotel, IV histon, near St.. Helens, on Thursday, touching the death ,of Esther Tdylor, aged live years. Mrs. Ann Moors, wife of „Tames Moors, of Ilruce-street, ‘Vltiston, Mill the child had been living with her for nine months. On Sunday morning, at a quarter past eight, witness left deceased in bed, but ten minutes later she found the child silt of • bed, and she t id her to go downstairs. She walked very hi avily, and when looking for her hoots fell down, as• if drunk. tVitness had brought down a bottle con- taining rum which had been in the bedroom, and she ' MiSSed about a winTklassful out of the bottle. Sho then found that deceased !lad been drinieng the ruin. Dr. Ryan was called in later, but tho child died early tile following morning. The tihttle was kept in the rioriner of the bedrocm. The Coroner : You should at I .dve rem in the corner. where children can get at it. You should look it up in a cupboard You Fee this child has lost its life.—Dr. J. C. Ryan said lie found the child in a state of collapse. It was a very delicate child and seemed to have a mania for drinking ever, thing it could see. lie attributed death tl convulsions, brought about by rum drinking.— tho jury returned a verdict of " Misadventure." but they suggested that the coroner should warn Mrs. Moors against placing drink within the reach of children.

Lord Colerldge has witteirsv n from inembership of Ilia Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge. nr Ve ground that thns who administer iti tirs have determined to" range the Society in the number of those favouring vivisection and advocating its horrors."

===== 0002601_18931230_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18931230_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
H

===== 0002601_18931230_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18931230_art0099.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18931230_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18931230_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18931230_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, '

===== 0002601_18931230_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, . ,

===== 0002601_18931230_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18931230_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

~)

===== 0002601_18931230_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
..MA:RH-0.....:0:p.

How Lost: How Regained INVALUABLE REMARKS for Young and Middle-Aged Men.

Or SELF-PREELMVATION on NERVOUS DEBILITY, EXHA PREMATURE DECLINE. and z and. YiEWiESSES .OF and CUIL.E.

.. Remarks on tho subject of bow to preserve the health when in possession of it. and bow to regain it Avlitn lost. The boat meats of restoring brain lag. impaired memory, incapacity for study or Mrsiness, general debility of the system. and all Ns a.sting of the tissues. This little wet k will be found void of Latin phrases and fancy words, and will be found brivf, precise, and void of unnecessary reading. Fit teen minutes spent in its perusal will teach the reader more than five days' reading in-any book written en this subject. If you think IT CONGEMNS YOU it will be sent you in 'lain ears olio and SEALSD for Five Penny Stamps. Idress—G lull) 5 LABORATGAY. Mulford, Yorkshire.

.ilanacz Fr.= BY Litrurt ADVT. COPYLIGUT 11..mtian if Paper.

i' 4 , •3 i•'-.1 ''''s" KNOW THYSELF. a- r. A little work in brief 'RHAUSTED VITALITY ' all ACQUIRED Dl- ' MAN, their CAUBL

SEASES,

===== 0002601_18931230_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
W,Pierpoint:

DESERTER.—Edward Handy was remanded until Tues- day, on a charge of being a deserter, from Her Majesty's Royal Marines stationed in Coventry, Bleu February 10, 1890. AN IMPUDENT THEFT FROM A DWELLING•HOUSE. Thomas Lowe was charged with stealing frcin a dwell- ing-house of Seth Turner, 59 Folly-lane, on Sunday,three men's vests, two pairs at trousers, a pair of stockings, and two coats, valued 40s. Mr. Hunt said that the prisoner was a furnaceman, and had worked for three weeks at Dallam forge. He was a native of Liverpool. On Sunday afternoon,Mr. and Mrs. Turner went to visit a friend in Winwick-road, leaving their daughter Iletty at home. The front door was locked but the back door was unlocked. The daughter was considerably surprisedi some time after her parents had gone away, by seeing a I man look out of the back door, and then go into the I house again. She immediately ran after her parents, and her father and a man named Crank ran back. Crank was the first to arrive, and he ran in by the back way, and saw the prisoner getting out by the front. Be ran through the house, and on his way stumbled against some clothing upon the floor, which the prisoner had evidently been getting together ready to take away with him. Crank followeci the prisoner into Allcard-st., and there caught him and took him back to the house,where it was discovered that lie had three waistcoats upon him which belonged to the complainant. The boxes upstairs were ransacked from top to bottom. Prisoner had taken off his boots so as to make no noise, and in his haste to get away,he had left them behind. He was subsequently , handed over to the police.—Prisoner said that tie was drunk or be would not have done such a thing.—He was sent to gaol for a month. DRUNK IN CHARGH ON A HORSE AND CART.—Patrick McCormick, cab driver, was tincd ss. and costs for be- ing drunk in charge of a horse and cart in Wiuwick-st., on Dec. 23rd. P.C. Loxham proved the case. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—John Wilfred Delocze was fined ss. and costs or seven days for this offence. Formals DRlVlNO.—William Ball, 3, Prince-street, was charged with furiously driving a horse and cart in Or- ford-lane, on Dec. 23rd. Inspector Bowen said that de- fendant was going at about twelve miles an hour, and P.C. Chrimes also gave evidence to seeing him in another part of Orford-lane driving at a furious rate. Defendant was fined ss. and costs or seven days. SCANDALOUS CONDUCT OF BOYS ON CHRISTMAS DAY.— William Webster (15), 225, Liverpool-road, John Wooliey, (16), 262, Liverpool-road ; Isaac Elwell, (16), Liverpool-road, Robert Fisher, (14), 168, Liverpool- road ; John Smith (15), Dale-street, and Benjamin Fisher (15), Sankey Bridges ; were each charged with using obscene and profane language in Lodge-lane, to the annoyance of passengers at 8.30 p.m. on Christmas Day.—P.C. Meacock said that he re- ceived several complaints from couples who had been in Lodge-lane of abominable language that some boys had been using as they panssd them. He went in that-direc- tion and on hiding himself, he heard the above six de- fendants and another who was not present use some , filthy language to a passerby. Ile ran after them and ' caught Webster, and subsequently got the names of the other defendants.—Mr. Pliuston said that at the same time that the officer mentioned, he heard some filthy language used by some boys at the end of Lodge-lane, and had he not been in a hurry, he would have "clouted "them. He could net identity any of thelads. —The magistrates expressed their disgust at such con- duct and fined each defendants. including costs. OBSTRUCTION OF THE FOOTPATII.—Mary Asheeld, 2, Wharf-street, was charged with wheeling a coal w:eg.in on the footpath in Irpley-vralk, en December 2M-ff; Thomas Spencer, 95, Mersey-street, was charged with committing the same offence in Orford-lane, and Sarah Wilkinson, in Mersey-street, on the same date. The first two defendants were dismissed with a caution, but, as the latter did not appear in/lcourt, she was fined in the costs.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BA.TTLESHIP IN A GALE.

AN OFFICERS THRILLING STORY.

Admiral Algernon De Horsey writes tq the "Times.": —You may perhaps consider the following letter of sufficient interest for publication. The writer is un- known to me,but a distinguished officer, who forwarded to me the letter, states that he is a good officer with plenty of pluck, and scientific in a practical way. The resolution may or may not be of good design for fighting, and it is possible (although I do not admit it) that the dire exigencies of war necessitate top-heavy and west aworthy ships. However this may be, nothing can excuse a new iron ship being eo constructively weak as to become dangerously strained and leaky from the effects of one gale. As to the probable result if in the height of the gale the engines or steering gear had broken down, and the ship bad fallen off in the trough of the sea, I hesitate to express an opinion; but I do trust that the authorities will cease to put a blind confidence in theoretical calculations ot stability. Resolution, at Sea, Dec. 22, 1893.

My dear—,—ln all my experience as a naval man I have never gone through such a terrifying time as I have during the last few days. • We left Plymouth last Monday for Gibraltar. In all this class of ship the stability question has, of course, played a great part. All tlse other vessels of Allis class were tested for stability before they left England, but in our case the stability is a matter of theory, based upon calculations made at the Constructor's department, the result being that our maximum angle of stability is 38deg., with a rapidly declining chance of righting, until a vanishing point of 65 deg. is reached, when all is over. Fancy the pleasant sensation of finding her rolling in moderate weather 42 deg. each way directly she got into the bay. This did not occur only once. Our confidence in the ship having received such a rude shock, we on Wednesday last experienc<el a gale the equal of which I have never seen. Between the squalls the sea rolled mountains high. Our forebridge is thirty-seven feet from the water and some distance from the bows. From that the approaching wall of water blocked out any view of the horizon. Forty feet is a low estimate of the height of these rollers. During the squalls the whole surface of the sea was torn up and simply driven along in a sheet of spray mixed with hailstones. The sight and noise were horrifying. All this time we steamed slowly, keeping her head to the sea, but knowing full well that any deviation of the held), any breakdown of tha engines or steam-steering gear and we should broach to and capsize. ' During the night of the gale the water came below in tons, and at one time the engine-room had five feet of ' water in it. This ran a chance of putting the fires out. Everything was then closed up except one small h atch- way amidships, well protected, and un and down this for eighteen hours everyone of the 700 pe•-ple in the ship had to go. The atmosphere below became filthy and poisonous. The next day, when the gale slightly moderated and coal was running short, it became a question of what shall we do ? but ,we dare not turn round for fear of her going over. At length at 4 a.m., yesterday (Thursday) the sea had gone down sufficiently to allow of our altering our course a couple of points and making for Queenstown, which we hope to

-reach

this evening. _ I had no fault to find with the gale or with the ship during the gale. She performed her part splendidly so far as it went. What is certainly a serious matter is this evident want of stability. There is not a man of mature age in the ship but feels he is in a thoroughly unsafe ship. . . . . We ought not to leave England without being tested, and there 3ught most assuredly to be a redistri- bution of weights..--Ever yours.

EMICIRATION.—Intending emigrants to New York, Boston Philadelphia, San Francisco, Cana, China,. Japan, Aus tmlia, or New Zealand, should take tt.kets (lowest rates) at the " Examiner" Office, by Onion, American, Australian Oriental, and other lines.—John Walker, agent,"Examiner Office. Bewsev-st.. Warrinzton.—Adrt.

A meeting of unemployed was held on Tower Bill, London, on Thursday. The speakers said that the men were desperate, that if terror and robbery would com- pel the authorities to do anything they :were prepared ogo to that length, and hat if only a few foggy days ame property would be in danger.

CURED OTHERS. WILL PURE YOU t Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago. Piles, Pains In the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints. Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Oleet, Strie Lure, Seiat:ea, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find a positive cure In Roldroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box. and If not satisfied your money will be returned. Priee Is lid. Of all chemists, or post tree for 12 stamps from 11 tun- • NOYD.B Medical Hall, Cleckheaton, Yorks. Don't he put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor, and box will be sent next post .—Advt.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• 4, v. • , .1" .4

===== 0002601_18931230_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
• • 4;:.; • r•-• .` .

===== 0002601_18931230_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
" -

===== 0002601_18931230_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
plsin Ade

BEFORE THE M9.GISTRITES

MINOR CASES. *

WARRINGTON BOROUGII POLICE _COURT:

Swrittray.—Before Mr. John Burgess (in the chair) Mr. L. Voiscv. and Mr. John Geddes. THB CHARGE OF NEGLECT TO CIIILDREN.—WiIIiarn Thompson and Ellen Thompson were both charged on remand with neglecting their • five children likely to cause injury to their health. The two defendants were arraigned in court a month ago, but the case was adjourned in order to give them another chance. In- spector uphill said he had visited the house three or four times since the last hearing of the case. The con- dition of the children was better, and they were better clothed, but the condition of the house and surroundings were in a filthy dirty condition, and the bedding was insufficient. He asked the magistrates to adjourn the case for another month. The application was granted, the chairman remarking that the magistrates were quite ' determined to have the condition of the house to the satisfaction of the officer, as there was no excuse for dirt. Threw OF • GrAss.—Ellen Carless, of 24, Ship Yard, was charged with stealing from the Legh Arms at a quarter to seven that morning, a glass, value 3d., the property of Jas. Henry James, the landlord. The evidence showed that the prisoner accompanied by several others went into the Legh Arms Inn, Mersey-st., about six o'clock that morning, but the barmaid refused to serve her with drink. Soon after leaving the premises the prisoner was met by P.C. Clough, and the glass prcduced was found under her shawl. Edward White, barman. identified the glass as belonging to the landlord of the Legh Arms. The prisoner was com- mitted to gaol for fourteen days. -- • • •

TUESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett and T. Ihrchall (chair- men) Messrs. E. J. Guest, H. Roberts, W. Pierpoint, _ _

, and S. Wright. Asarmia DESERTEE.—Arthur Wilma was charged with deserting from the Hussars at Ballincolly, Ireland, and was remanded te Strangeways Gaol, to await an escort. P.C. Turner arrested the prisoner. A DRUNKEN Pammit.—Mary Burke, an inmate of the workhouse was charged with disorderly behaviour in the Workhouse on Christmas Day. Prisoner pleaded guilty. Mr. Shearer, relieving efficer, said that the prisoner was allowed to leave the Workhouse for the purpose of attending chapel. She should have come back in time for dinner, but instead of that she returned about half-past two, drunk. She was not fit to mix with the other inmates, and was put in a room by herself. She got out and became very abusive, threw things at several of the officers, and eventually had to be put in the receiving ward. There she broke two panes of glass and was sent down to the police station.—The porter, ' James Curry, bore out the above statement, and denied the allegations of the prisoner that undue violence had been used by him. Mr. Garnett (the chairman) asked the Chief Constable whether he had ascertained where the woman had obtained the drink. The prisoner said a friend had given her some in tea. Mr. Pierpoint said on Saturday night the town wad a perfect pandemonium. The Chief Constable said a great deal of drinking had been done in the homes. He didn't remember see- ing so many bottles in use. The prisoner was dismissed with a caution. -

WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. John Fairclough (chairman),

. _ Mr. John Geddes. and Mr. J. H. PleMing. ASSAULTING TEE Pouca.—Patrick Leonardy, was charged with being drunk and disorderly, in Winwick- street, the previous afternoon, and also with assaulting P.C.'s Cooper and Clark whilst in the execution of their duty. P.C. Cooper in his evidence stared that he saw the prisoner and another young man fighting at Town's End. Be separated them, and the prisoner turned round and struck him. He (witness) had great difficulty in getting him to the Police Station as the prisoner kept " tapping " him in the face. P.C. Clatk deposed to being bitten on the thumb by the prisoner. Themagistrates imposed a fine of 104. and .costs. A DRUNKEN DRIVER.—Thomas Belly, was charged with being drunk whilst in charge of a horse and cart, on School Brow, the previous afternoon. The case was proved by P.C. Cunliffe. Defendant WRS fined 55., in- cluding costs. TUURSDAY.—Lef ore_ Alderm.an Sutton (Chairman), and ,

Major Ridgway. ASSAULT ON TEE POLICE.—Peter Murphy was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bridge-street on the previous night, and also with assaulting P.C. Berry while in the execution of his duty. The constable said that en the previous night he was on duty in Bridge-at.. when he saw the prisoner fighting with another. man. He had previously been turned out of Brouchemite's lodging house in Friars Green, and upon corning into Bridge-street, he had set upon the man with whom he was fighting when he was arrested. Re , kicked the man and knocked him on the floor. When witness took the prisoner into custody, he was struck about the face and kicked on the leg, and when witness W 35 closing the iron gates at the bride- well, the prisoner hit him in the face.-Prisoner in reply to questions said that he belonged to Salford, and had been working on the Ship Canal near Warrington off and on for about nine months. He did not know what he was doing on the previous night.—The magistrates in- flicted a penalty of 10s. and costs or 14 days in slefault.

DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Margaret McLoughlin, a well known character, was fined ss. and costs or seven days for being drunk and disorderly in Mersey-st., on the previous evening. P.C. Foster proved the case. APPLICATION FOR TEMPORARY AOTHORITY.—Mr. Percy Davies applied on behalf of Mr. John Davies for tem- porary authority to sell in the Millstone Inn. He said that the house had been leased by the Corporation until the year 1900 to Mr. Davies for £l4O a year,. There could be nothing said against the ckaracter of Mr. Davies, and by the lease he could not transfer it nor do anything with it without the sanction of the Corpora- tion, so that their worships could rest satisfied that the whole of the responsibility would rest upon him.—Mr. Hunt said that he had a duty to perform which he did very reluctantly. He had nothing to say against the person on whose behalf Mr. Davies appeared'. At the same time from information he had received, he believed that .there was a certain individual busying himself by going to the Millstone Inn representing himself as the.! responsible person, arid he was led to believe that he was going to live there. This man had occupied licensed premises in Warrington, and had misconducted himself. He (Mr. Hunt) did not wish to appear malicious or vin- dictive, tint he wished to be on the safe side.—Mr. Davies said that with all respeet,to the Chief Constable, his remarks were entirely out of order. His client would be solely responsible for the house, and Mr. Hunt need not fear the person he alluded to.—The magistrates granted the application on the understanding that Mr. John Davies would have the sole responsibility. They were satisfied as to his character. FRlDAY.—Before Mr. J. H. Fleming (chairman) and Mr.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA. (La Grippe).

There can be little doubt that Influenza is aa prevalent now in this country as it has ever been, but as we are more accustomed to it, it attracts lees attention.

---- --- The symptoms are so well known as to require no description, but the causes are less understood. It is, however, certain that when the,system has run down and ig,in what is termed a low condition, that it is peculiarly liable to an attack of INFLUENZA, Ora LA GRIPPE.

intly remedies have been auggested, but it is gener- ally acknowledged that the best treatment is nourishing food, warmth, and a good tonic. 'I he best tonic is QUININE. And it has been clearly demonstrated that the best and most effective way of adininistering Quinine is the farm of GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. These Bitters have many' advantages, which are now fully recognised :- 1. They are PURELY VEGETABLE, and are a plea- ant and safe way of taking Quinine. 2. They have stood the test of TWENTY YEARS, and are acknowledged to be a Sem COMBINATION of the Best Medicinal Plants yet discovered ; such as Quinine. Sarsaparilla, Lavender, Gentian, Dandelion, &c., mixed in scientific proportions, and forming a Tonic prepara- tion which is ABSOLUTELY UNEQUALLED.

3. 114 e claim that by taking a dose of these Quinine Bitters daily, say about n o'clock, and thus keeping the system in good order.

INFLUENZA CAN BE KEPT OFF.

4. We also claim that after an attack of Influenza, when the patient is suffering from extreme weakness, lassitude, and low spirits, there I no preparation yet dii- covered equal to GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. To strengthen the system and revive the spirits. er ONE WOED OF. CAUTION.

An good things, whether in medicine or anything else, are now imitated; and the great success of Gwilyin 1 Evans' Quinine Bitters has been the means of starting many imitations which are absolutely of no value com- pared with these Bitters. The only advantage offered as an inducement to buy them, is,—that they are cheaper. This we admit, but assert that WORTHLESS itnitation3 ARE DEAR AT ANY PRICE. We hold ourselves responsible for every package, which bears this name Gwilym Evans on the stamp, label and bottle, and for no other. Sold by all Chemists, in bottl:sa at 2.5. ed. and 4s. ed. each, sample bottles at is. 7.14. QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO., LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTIP WALES.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBEI 30, 1893.

FOOTBALL.

"„• Secretorlee of Football Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played en Saturday must be sent to the kead ofllee, Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than ten o'clock on Wednesday morning.

GHORGH G. HUSSEY "and Co. are leading makers of Footballs, Hockey. Golf, and requisitee for Sports. Games. and Gymnasia. Catalogue may be had on application to the Sports Manufactory, Peckham, London, !LH. Brsr CLOS?. BLOM.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY.

WARRINGTON V. LANCASTER. - These teams met at Lancaster on Saturday. Laacaster had made a special whip for the accasion, their team including the brothers Storey, of University fame. John Bate was the only notable absentee on the Warrington side. The recent reins had rendered the ground heavy, especially on the reserved side of the touch. It was twenty minutes late when Lancaster kicked against the slight breeze. The visitors had the best deb() opening exchanges, but capi- tal forward play by Lancaster caused Heesom some anxiety. The latter eared well, but Lancaster kept up the pressure, and as a result of capital passing Thomp- son scored, Storey failing at the place. Warrington went off with a dash after the drop out, and twice over Bate and Clark initiated passing movements which realised a vigorous attack. Morris led the way to the Lancaster line, but again Leak cleared in a smart style. Lancaster were promptly penalised for handling in scrimmage,and Taylor held a shot at goal, the ball graz- ing the crossbar. .This narrow escape apparently placed the locals on their mettle, for they passed well and War- rington were again hard defending. Capital play by Bate forced back on their lines, and the county half back narrowly missed scoring. Free kicks were freely granted to Warrington, but nothing tangible resulted. Half time ; score i—Warrington 1 try, Lancaster 1 try. The second half was commenced by Evans following some capital passing by the homesters. Warrington, headed by Bate and Evans, reached the home quarters, but splendid kicking by Leak and lhompson was followed by •Bleas- dale running well. Thompson then scored a good try, which was converted. Massey ran splendidly on the restart. Warrington attacked, and Leak saved. Final result :—Lancaster 1 goal 1 try 1 minor, Warrington 2 tries 2 minots. Teams :--Warrington : Heesorn, back ; Carey, Evans, Potts, and Massey, threequarters ; James Bate and Clark,balf backs ; Turner, Jolley,Nevini, Tay- lor, Donohue, Berry, Thorniley. and Bailey, forwards. Lancaster Leak, back; Sly, Thompson, Bleasdale,and R. H. Storey,threequarters ; T. W. P.Storey and Hanby, half backs; Pinch, Brack, Kitchen, Herbut, T. and C. Gibson, C. Thompson, and Winder, forwards.

WARRINGTON A v. LANCASTER A.—These teams met on Saturday, before a moderate " gate." Lancaster kicked off towards pavilion goal and Lally returning, a scrimmage took place on the centre line. The Lancaster forwards dribbled well to the Warrington line, but Boa. cow repelled them .cleverly. From line out Dakin cleverly caught the ball and scbsequently passed to Bandies who took play to the Lancaster line. A bout of passing between tile Warrington three-quarters, ended in Raybold mulling a grand chance of scoring. The play was of a most uninteresting description, and al- though Warrington had numerous chances, they ap- peared unable te utilise them. Lally was conspicuous with a number of individual runs, but as he did not pass sufficiently, Lancaster soon pulled him up. Barber a new recruit,from Stockton Heath,was very speedy,but as he was not entrusted very often with the ball, his speed was not turned into much account. Warrington were pressing when half time arrived with no score. Bandies restarted the game after the interval,and Barber being transferred to the opposite side of three-quarters, he received a pass from Lally, and after a quick dodgy run, he got over the line almost in the midst of his op- ponents. Boscow failed to increase the point. From the kick out Lancaster became very dangerous and Bescow only saved in the nick of time. Warrington quickly re- turned to the opposite end, where Hampson scored an offside try. Buckley had better luck immediately after- wards and got over trom a scrimmage, Edelston failing to augment. Lancaster, in spite of these dispiriting reverses played up manfully, and Warrington had an anxiousli me of it,and at length ,Lancaster were rewarded by Wood dropping a goal which he did in a most difficult position, having numerous opponents near him at the time. Give and take play followed,and although Lanca- ter had slightly the better of it,they were unable to alter the score. Warrington did not play up to their usual form, there being too much individual play,and had Laneaster played with a little more determination, they might have made a difference in the result of the game but as they did not, when the whilstle blew, the score recorded Warrington two tries (six points), Lancaster a dropped goal (four points).

WARRINGTON EXCELSIORS_ Y. PENDLETON TRINITY.-.

Played at Warrington on Saturday in krand weather. Warrivgton who were poorly represented, started the game and Ogden punted to half way. The visitors looked like scoring, but Grady tackled well, the same player' having bard lines a minute later. Lloyd now showed up with a neat run along touch, but Harding saved. A nice bit of passing between stiAvr..oitsau. and Chapman ended iwthenatter scoring. Towards the close Pendleton pressed. Final score :—Warringtou 1 try, Pendleton 1 try.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON v. KENDAL HORNETS.

There was a large gate at the Wildespool enclosure on Boxing Day when the above annual fixture formed the "bill of fare." Warrington played the same team with

one exception as tha;which did duty against Lancaster Buckley supplanting Bailey in the forwards. The Hor- nets, too,had a capital fifteen,and although the majority of their players have migrated to other towns, they are still capable of holding their own in the best of company. Nevins kicked off, and Dixon's reply was well met by Evans. The last named upset a movement initiated by Garnett, and then Potts intercepted a pass, running strongly until Allen blocked his way. The Kendal skipper got the leather away only to see Heesom respond accurately, and a vigorous rush by Jolley placed the locals again on the'attack. Jolley was protniaent once more with a run across the field, but the effort lacked finish, and Braithwaite and Nicholson dribbled effec- tively, Massey racing up and finding touch at his quar- ter nag. Bate, Clark, .Evans, and Carey exchanged, but Braithwaite agained saved his side, whilst Metcalfe raised the enthusiasm by saving splendidly and after- wards clearing in fine style. edrop at goal by Flees= fell short of the mark, and although Dixon once more relieved, Jolley, Thorniley, and Buckley soon had the Westmoreland men back on their lines. Berry charged a kick, and seenßed a certain scorer, but failed to get up by a yard, and Metcalfe kicked dead. Following this the visitors bore down on the local goal, and then Potts, in . . .

following up a long kick by Massey, tackled Metcalfe. The last named was injured a few minutes later, and did not take any further part in the game. Scrimmages ensued and Warrington punting, Peesom found relief when he conceded a minor. Allen made his mark from the drop out, but the place came to nought,James Bate. Evans and Carey with a series of 'transfers placing the Hornets again on the defence. Kendal now displayed pretty passing, Turner and Nevins in turn upsetting the movement. However the visitors would not be denied, and following smart passing by Dixon ,SI mm,and Gartett, Biaithwaite took up tbe running, and when.in position

dropped a smart goal. After this reverse the locals dis- played more energy,and after Evans had affected a good run into Kmdal territory, pawing by Bate and Evans ended in Carey securing possession. lie kicked over the opposing back's head, and racing up for possession, secured, and scored a meritorioa try. The locals again threatened danger, and Carey again had a chance, but this time _preferred to drop, and the interval arrived

with Kendal leading by four points to three. On resum- ing Heesem met the restart, and Jolley was early con- spicuous with dashing runs. A brilliant dribble by the enmity forward was the medium of a vigorous onslaught and ellen saved dangerously near the line. • A long pass from Bate travelled to Massey, and though tips latter made a gallant bid to get through, the tackling of the yisitors was too safe to allow of much head- way. Evans and Carey again passed prettily, and then Itanohue tackled Braithwaite near the posts. Passing by the Warrington backs was nullifted by Allen ietercepting„ and Heesom saved at half way. By de- grees the visitors were agaia forced to defend, and after successive runs by Massey and Fotte—the former at this point displayieg an aptitude for hurdle racing—Carey was pulled up at the line. Warrington experienced the hardest of luck, and being a point to the bad, they in- fused more life in their play. From a line-out the oval fell in the hards of Jolley, who brushed aside the opposi- tion in a workmanlike manner, and gave his side a lead of two points. Clark missed a fine opening a few minutes later ; and nothing of moment occurring after- wards, time came as a welcome relief to the players with the score—Warrington two tries (six points), Kendal flornets one dropped goal (four points). RUNCORN v. SALFORD.—Great interest was centred in the meeting of these two potverful consbinations on Sat- urday, at the New Barnes enclosure, Saltfrd. The visit of the Cheshire team always proves an immense attrac- tion. Unfortunately for Runcorn, they were without Abrams, at half-back and Morris at three-quarter back. Their pieces were taken by G. Robinson and Taylor. Salford mustered their full strength, Spring-like weather prevailed, and there was an immense crowd present, for hilly 8,000 spectators lined the ground when the teams ' under the guidance of W. Sleyin (Wigan), took up their position as follows :—Runcern : S. Houghton, back ;A. Taylor, T. Warder, W. Faulkner, and T. Richardson, three-quarter backs ; J. Faulkner, and G. Robinson,hall backs ; R. Reece, J. Langley, J. Davies, H. Williams J. Stubbs, G.Moores, H. Fariner,and T. Jordan, forwards. Salford : Mainwaring. back • Rangley, Barrett, Smith and Myles, three-quarter backs ; France and Walsh half backs ' • King, Cartwright, Haslarn, Kent, Hildebrand, Harrocks, T, Smith. and Hindershaw, forwards. W. Faulkner kicked off, Barrett returning, and the opening play was of a sensational character,as early on,Horrocks led a forward rush, and a minor was forced. This seemed to stimulate the home team, as from the kick out, J. Smith got hold at centre, and running grandly, passed when close to the line to Rangley, who scored at the corner, King failing at the place. Long kicking between Mainwaring, Richardson, and Houghton ended greatly in fayeur of the latter. The Cheshire forwards now began to show their true form, and a combined dribble was only stopped on the line by Mainwaring. However, the game hovered near the home posts, and the Salford defence was heavily taxed. From a free kick lay Barrett, Richardson made a " mark" in a favourabie position, W. Faulkner landing a grand goal. The re-start raw the home forwards making a raid on the Runcorn quarters, but a free kick relieved the pres- sure, while Warder and W. Faulkner further improved matters,and hostilities were waged in close proximity to home lines. Hildebrand gained a little ground and Myles reached the centre,w here he was finely tackled by Warder Taylor got the ball away to its old quarters, Mainwaring being held before lie could return. Barrett came through finely, but his pass to Myles was a wretched one, and the visiting forwards again asserted their superiority, some lively play being witnessed in the Salford quarters. Runcorn were unlucky in not scoring. A splendid bout of passing was the next item between France, Smith, and Myles, but the latter was quickly upset, and Houghton lon two occasions punted with excellent judgment. Half time arrived with Runcorn one gnat, Salford one try. Kent resumed, Taylor failing to return.: Salford pressed until Reece got the ball into touch, near the centre. Smith, Barrett, Rangley, and Myles passed_ prettily, but little came of it, as the tackling was too close. Now the Runcorn forwards swept down the field, and l'Aainwar- iv was forced to touch down—a close shave. The kick- out saw Salford aggressive, but Houghton' s kicking was simply superb, it time after time finding touch. The Runcorn forwards again were to the fore, and at this juncture were playing a grand game. This was neutra- lized by a fine round of passing between the home backs. Houghton effected a daring save, during which Rangley was hurt, and had to retire. The Runcornians again reached the centre, where France passed to SonittOut he failed to take it, and J.Feulkcer dashed up and dribbled beautifully down, and upon picking up he gave the ball to Richardson, who dodged Myles and Mainwaring, and scored a fine try, W. Faulkner making a good attempt. This reverse roused the home team, and a visit was paid to the other end, where Myles was near scoring, Hough- ton fairly upsetting him. Salford kept up a vigorous attack until Richardson gave relief, and another forward rush; id which Davies. Langley, and Reece were promin- ent, once more caused the home defence some anxiety. Here occurred a series of mulls by the Runcorn backs, and a race for possession ensued between Houghton and King, who tried to gather the hall when he was ob- structed by the former, and the ball rolled dead How- ever, upon appeal a try was allowed. King took the place himself, but fade'd to turn to advantage, although in a favourable position. The Runcorn forwards now made a supreme effort, and carried all before them, whilst J. Faulkner by some tricky work was almost in. Here Jordan was given a glorious chance, but foolishly passed the ball when he had a clear course, and within a yard or two of the line. The final result was Runcorn, one penalty goal one try; Salford, two tries. RUNCORN A Y. SALFORD A.—Whilst the first team were over at the New Barns ground Salford, entertain- ing the first, the A teams met at Runcorn. Both teams were fairly strong. Massey, of Dokinfield, figured at back for Salford. Fine weather and the ground in good condition favoured the play, which was of a moat in- teresting character. , The home players rose to the oc- casion, completely routed the Salford forwards, and kept them strictly on the defensive all through the game. From the outset, when Campbell started, the way in which Nicksen replied and the succeeding scrimmages were worked showed that the home team held the game, which advantage they kept up the close. For aslong time play continued in the Salford half, Gregory and Nickson both trying to get over. Ashton and Hopkins on the other side changed the venue, but this was only momentary, as Welbe, Pendlebury, and Woodward were soon back again, taking the ball up to the visitors' line, where some wild passing lost a fine opening. An- trobus, however, took the next opportunity presenting itself, and dropped a good goal. Encouraged by this success the Salford men got pushed back again, as the result of determined forward play, and W. Evans, the old Cheshire player, scored from a rush over, Antrobus missed the goal. This brought the inter% al. The second tart of the game was extremely lively, the game being of a keen, open description. Several bouts of passing, in which Hollingsworth, Woodwerd, Antrobus, and Gregory were the chief performers, gave the Salford defence plenty of work, Hopkins and Ashtnn doing a lot of tackling. They were, however, unable to pre- vent Antrobus scoring, from paqses by Hollingsworth and Woodward. The goal kick again failed. Still pres- sure was kept up, the home for wards having con-

thane' possession, and the wonder is the score was not a heavy one. Woodward at half was continually in the thick of the play, and never seemed to be in the wrong .place, but he must pass the ball out smarter, when he will make a most valuable half back. Much credit is due to the forwards, who really showed some sterling play, and with more weight would be hard to beat. Final score : Runcorn A, one goal two tries ; Salford A, nothing. Teams :—Runcorn : Lightfoot, back ; Myers, Antrobus, Gregory and Nickson, three-quarter backs ; Woodward and Hollingswortn9 half-backs ; Vfelbe, C. Pendlebury. W. Evans, Clarke,Moores,Shaw, rnd Gayter, forwards. Salford : Massey, back ; Ash- ton, L.rnny, Hopkins, and Atherton, three-quarter beriks ; Harwood and Tongue, half-backs; Tongue, Campbell, Riding, Maims. Williams, Deakin, Humph- reys, and Wilson, forwards. WIDNES Ir. BIRKENRSAD WADiDEMERS.—At Widnes, in the preserAae of about 2,000 spectators. The homesters were without Druinmond, their smart half back, whose place was taken by Foss. .Birkenhead kicked off. Play was fast and turious at the commencement, and in five' minutes' time Elliott got over, and Kelly kicked a goal for the visitors. Afterwards Widnes made made deter- mined efforts to equalize, but their adversaries, who were not afraid to show at times a little roughness, frus- trated their endeavours. Play was to a great extent confined to the Wanderers' 25, and the visitors were penalized for obstruction. Vigorous pressing by Whines gave them an advantage and Gordon was within an ace of scoriug. Play was then transferred to the Widnes 25, and from a pass by Murphy, Dobbs got over, but Kelly failed to improve. Roughness ruled supreme, and one of the Birkenhead three-quarters shouted to one of his colleagues who was outshone by one of his opponents to hit him in the stomach, an exclamation which was greeted by thiase of the spectators who heard it with hisses and howls of indignation. The match was some- thing approaching a free fight. Final result :—Birken- head Wanderers, one goal, one try ; Widnes, one dropped goal, nne try. Renconn v. STOCKTORT.—PIaved at Runcorn on Tues- day, before a large crowd of spectators. Haslam started, Faulkner kicking to touch from the line out. Play was chiefly contested in midfield. A couple of penalty kicks by Faulkner were fruitless. Scrimmages were frequent, causing play to be dull. Saville got in a short rum, play being too keen to permit of any liberties being taken by either side. Houghton kicked finely, follow- ing up his tricks in style. Each side pressed in turn,but nothing was scored up to toe interval. Faulkner started and the same hard for ward game was played, quite un- interesting to the spectator,. there being continual scrimmaging all the game, and no back play. Nothing was scored.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

WARRINGTON V. ECCLES.—This important match was played e Eccles on Saturday before a good attendance. The home team kicked off and at once rushed up to the Warrington quarters, but Mither gave relief and Ben- nett, one of the visitors' right wing, got possession and passed to Connor who shot 'outside. Bowker put in a good run for Eccles, but the Warrington full backs were in splendid form and frustrated their efforts. Some nice passing was indulged in by the visitors' loft wing, but Bowker stepped in,and transferred play to the other end. 1 Whittaker put the ball past Forrest, and scored the first 'goal for Eccles. Again Warrington pressed but could not get past the home backs. Reid got possession, centred to Phillips who passed to Connor, and some ex- cellent work between Fennelly and Connor resulted in Phillips scoring for Warrington, with a fine kick. Eccles made tracks for the visitors' goal, and A. Moore shot at goal. Forrest saved a splendid shot and threw out to the Warrington half backs. Williamson passed to Fennelly, who raced up and scored with a splendid screw abet. Even play followed to half time, when the score was two to one in favour of Warrington. After the kick off play became very fast, and the game ended in a draw of two goals each, several fouls being given against Eccles. WARRINGTON LAND N. W. ALBIONS V. LAMM RIESIIRVE. —The above match took place on Saturday on the ground of the former (Arpley meadotvs), the ground being in bad .condition owing to the recent rain. The Albions won the toss and kicked off, and a fine bit of play took place for about 15 minutes, when Connor, for the Albions, scored first goal. Restarting. Lymm put the ball in play, and brought it in danger of the Albions' goal, but it was soon cleared away, only to return again, but with no avail, they could not penetrate through the Al bions'.backs, who sent the ball hack into their oppon- ents' half, and a fine bit of passing ensued. Connor again scored another goal for the Albions. Half time score : Albions 2 goals, Lymna Reserves nil. hestarting Lymm again kicked off, and give and take play took ' p'ace for fully 15 minutes,when a great mistake occurred on the part of one of the visitors, who sent the ball ,1 through his own goal, thus adding, another to the ' Albior.s' snore. Again putting the ball in play, things looked bad for the visitors, wbo tried very hard but ' could not score.and thus left the Albions the winners by 3 goals to Lymm Reserve nil.

WArtsixerrox L: & N.-W. ALRIONS RENERVILV,PAORD., —The abara-MAta1.4.0.4e-rlArft on-Fite on t he ground of the latter. Tne homesters won the toss, and play was soon set in motion, the Albions being two men short up to the first half and one in the second. The homes- ter s pressed hard but to no avail, the backs of the Alhions being impregnable. The Albions ran the leather down the field, and after a neat bit of passing by Bennett and Raker. Bennett, for the Albions, scored number 1. The ball was azain set in play, and for BOW time the visitors b-mbarded the Albions' goal, when by a neat bit of work by Harter (the goalkeeper) the ball was got out of danger, but was soon returned by the homesters, who, when near the Albions' goal, claimed a penalty kick, which was again saved splen- didly by Harter, and after a few more minutes play, 1 half time was called. Restarting the Albions kicked off and give and tske play followed during the remainder of the game. The full time :cores were :—Warrington L. & N -W. Albions Reserve 2 goals, Orford nil. WARRINGTON Sr. ELPRIN'S V. BOLTON Y.M.C.A.—This match was played at Hbiton Bank, before a good attend- ance. The Saints kept up the pressure, and took two corners, which proved tithe. Taylor scored for the Saints. Half-time, Saints 2 goals. Bolton 1 goal. Final, Warrington 7 goals, Bolton Y.M.C.A. 1 goal. RUNCORN V. BARNWORTIL GRAMMAR Scoot.—This match was played on Saturday, on the ground of the former. Runcorn turned out three short, while Faro- worth were four missing, so that the match was very uninteresting. Farnworth won the toss, and took advantage of a fairly strong wind, and in the first half scored two goals to Runcorn one. On change of ends Runcorn had by far the best of the game, and almost continually penned Farnworth in their own half, but in spite of this they were unable to score, and succninbed to a defeat by two goals to one. RUNCORN 2NO TRAM V. RUNCO um TOWN SwisT4.—Run- corn second team easily disposed of the rival team, Runcorn Town Swifts, to Vie tuno of six goals to none.

A n Wednesday an inqnrst was held re- lative l‘ar etiotvlll?nnde° on of Susannah limikinan, the wife of a tradesman in S. John's Wood. The woman was scratched on th, arm and leq by a stray cat, developed of spinptoms of hydrophobia, and died in a few days. •. eAnnUttY S UOCO.k Luis. In a remarkable degree. those natural elemeMa of sniteaance which give the system endur- anco an 1 hardihood, with a steidy action that renders it a in it acceptable and reliable beverage."—lleatth.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. of District.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
For this Competition the United Kirvzdom will be divided into 8 Districts as under:

The Prizea wil; he awarded every nienth dnrinz 1894, in each of the 8 Di.stricts, as under:—

Value of Prizes given each month in each district.

Total Value of Prizes In all the 8 districts during 1894.

i • I IRELAND. . Every month; in, each of the 8 districts, the 5 Competitors who send L s. d. .fJ S. d. the largest number of Coupons from the District In which they reside, 2 SCOTLAND. ' will each receive, at winner's option, a Lady's or Gent's "Premier" - 3 MIDDLESEX, KENT, and SURREY. Safety Cycle, with puniop Pneumatic Tyres,* value L2O r 100 0 o 9600 o o The next 20 Competitors will each receive, at winner's option, a 4 k NORTHUMBERLAND, DURHAM, Lady's or Gents " Waltham " Stem-Winding Silver Lever Watch, value and YORKSHIRE. £4 4s. 5 CUMBERLAND, WESTMORELAND, The next 200 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at ss. LANCASHIRE, and ISLE OF MAN. The next 300 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at 3s. 6d. 52 JO o 5040 0 o 6 WALES, CHESHIRE, STALC--P3RD- The next 400 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at 2s. 6d. so 0 o 4800 o o SHIRE, SHROPSHIRE, WORCES- ;„,_ , TERSH I RE, MONMOUTHSH i RE, The next, 500 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at us. .., so o o 4800 0 o and HEREFORDSHIRE. ,Thenext 1,000 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at is. - _______ ...........- 41904 c' 1 o

7 NOTTINGHAMSHIRE, DERBY- SHIRE, LINCOLNSHIRE, LEI- CESTERSHIRE, WARWICK- SHIRE, RUTLANDSHIRE, NOR- FOLK, SUFFOLK, CAMBRIDGE- SHIRE, HUNTINGDONSHIRE, NORTHAMPTONSHIRE, BED- FORDSHIRE, and OXFORDSHIRE.

B ESSEX, HERTFORDSHIRE, BUCK. INGHAMSHIRE, BERKSHIRE, SUSSEX, HAMPSHIRE, WILT- SHIRE, GLOUCESTERSHIRE, C SOMERSETSHIRE, DORSET- SH IRE, DEVONSHIRE, CORN- WALL, ISLE OF WIGHT, and CHANNEL ISLANDS.

a f,.,, , 0.10•1103 IL: 1:: : Sii",MlP' I N SClalveß T "0 4 • •••"4 —,,,T.Oti--• .1..Mr...0. I

===== 0002601_18931230_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7- ral'

===== 0002601_18931230_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARGE OF HIGHWAY ROBBERY.

PRISONERS COMMITTED TO THE ASSIZES. John Shields and Thomas Garrity, two well- known characters to the police, were charged at the Borough Court on Tuesday morning with as- saulting and robbing Charles W. Smith, in. Bank- at., at a quarter to nine on Saturday night, of a purse containing 4s. 7d.—The Chief Constable (Mr. Hutit) said that the complainant was a labourer on the Ship Canal, and lodged at 48, Red-row, Wash-lane,Latch- ford. On Saturday night complainant met Shields on Warrington Bridge, Shields accosted him,and asked him to "stand a drink," as he was on tramp. Smith con• seated, and they went to the lOse and Crown public- house. After drinking there they went to the Shakespeare Dolman's-lane. After having a small glass of beer there he left with the intention of going for a shave. He proceeded along Dolman's-lano, down Higher Bank-st., and when opposite Ship-yard, Shields came up unawares and knocked him down. He thrust his hand in com- plainant's pocket and drew out his purse. Garrity came up, and complainant felt himself kicked about the head by somebody. He shouted out t' He is stealing my purse." A soldier named Quine heard what was taking place, and he wrested the purse from Shields. While he was doing this he was kicked by Garrity. Shields got away, but Garrity was brought to the Police Station. Shields was apprehended later on in the Bridge Inn by Constables Lewis and Bruen. He fought on the way to the Police Station, and it took three officers to take him there.—Charles W.Smith,the camplainant,gave evidence in corroboration of the Chief Constable's statement.— Samuel Quinn, a private of the Liverpool Regiment, sta- tioned at Orford Barracks, said he was in the house of Mrs. Madden, Bank-st.,when hearing a disturbance out- side, he ran out and saw Shields struggling with the complainant. Shields had him by the throat against the wall, taking his purse off him. In the struggle they both fell to the ground, Shields being uppermost. Be saw Shields take the purse out of complainant's pocket and run away with it. He (witness) ran after Shields and knocked him down, and took the purse from him. sidlile he was doing this Garrity kicked him.—PS. Cheney deposed that while in company with Constable Sankey on Saturday night, he received Garrity into cus- tody from Quine. Quine said. that Garrity had helped to rob a man. He was brought to the Police Station, and when charged he said : " I did not touch the man." Shields was charged later on with robbing complainant, and replied, "It's offside.'!—Constable Lewis proved ar- resting Shields.—Shields, in reply to the magistrates, did not deny the charge, but stated that Garrity was not with him. Garrity also denied taking any part in the affair, and called a witness in support of his statement. —Both prisoners were committed to the Liverpool Assizes.

MR. LABOUCHERE AND MR. GLAD.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
STONE.

Writing in "Truth" on Wednesday, Mr. Labouchere I says :—Last summer Mr. Gladstene's exertions were prodigious. For months he held the field night after 1 night, in a discussion which tried the staying powers of • younger men, but which apparently produced no ill- ' effect upon him. But the laws of nature are unalter- able, no force can be exerted witnout a waste of force. Ia youth, and indea, up to the confines at old age, abnormal exertion has no ill results, for it is met by recuperation. In extreme old age it tells. No one can watch Mr. Gladstone in the House of Commons without perceiving that the work of the summer has greatly aged him. Now, although Ido not always agree with him in every-thing, there is no man for whom I have a greater admiration, for I believe that no man has so truly devoted himself during a long life to his country's interests. I do, therefore, hope that his entourage will, insist upon his passing the two most trying months of the winter—January and February—in a mild climate, as has been his wont in past years. That the House of Commons is apt to get out of hand in the absence of its leader is true ; for, whatever the ability and tact of his toe= t6te7is may be, he is without the authority that is involved in actual leadership. Bub this consideration ought not to weigh in the balance against Mr. Gladstone's health. The Tories though they attack him, are proud of him as a living evidence of the staying qualities of the Anglo- Saxon race, and they would be the last to wish that he should not continue to surprise the world by his peren- nial vigour for many a year, although possibly they might prefer that he should become the Patriarch of Hawarden rather than the Athlete of Westminster. When Voltaire's admirers insisted upon his coming to Paris, and taking part there in theatrical performances and meetings of the Institute, we know what were the results. Yet Voltaire did not du in a week during his stay in Paris what Mr. Gladstone often does in a day. It is all nonsense to suppose that a man of eighty-live can incur the responsibilities and worries involved in the rule of an Empire, and the work of depending his policy in an assembly where his opponents are nearly as num- erous as his supporters, without serious risk, and I con- fess that I do not like to see Mr. Gladstone exposed to this risk. He incurs it from a sense of duty. lam by no means certain that the country has a right to demand that the risk should be continued, and I for one should— politics apart—rejoice were he to follow the example of other veterans who, when younger than hev is, withdrew ' from the strife and turmoil of party to a well-earned repose. At least, however, if he does insist on devoting himself to his country's service, we ought to see that the burden lies as lightly upon him as possible.

"TOBACCONISTS Commencing " austrated guide (poet free rOBACC.NISTS' OUTNATTING Co.-186. Euston•road, Loudon.. at. 1866.—Adet. The coal contracts for one of the greatest English rail- ways are being settled for next year at an advance of about 10 per cent. on the minimum rates of last winter, theoreason for the increase being the scarcity caused by the recent disputes. It is stated that the Liberal candidate for the Horn- castle division of Lincolnshire will be Mr. Torr of Liver- pool, a geptleman who has been for some time actively engaged in political work in the constituency. At the last election the fizures wero—Stanhope, 4,438 ; Otter (Home Ruler), 3,708.

The Medical Annual advises Practitioners to remember that when recommending COCOAS RS food and beverage for invalids, the name CADBURY on anylpacket of Cocoa is a ga,,rantee of purity.—Adrot.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARIAA.NS

The fortnightly "meeting was held at Dui Workhouse on Tuesday under the presidency J. Mclntyre. Present.: the Rev. J. W. N. Tanner, Niessrs. Yarwood, Norman, Handley, Whitley, 11,11 wood, Aaron, Woodward, Ford, Pickering, Knovrle'; Lewis, Williams, Brandreth, Weir; J. Ashton (cleflr/ and G. Ashton (deputy clerk ntnicotx SCHOOL INQUIRY' OFFICER." In reference to the proposed determination of the • pointment of Mr. Thomas Bowyer as Inquiry Officer. the Runcorn Union, the Local Government Board Iv quired whether any school fees were now paid by tiri Guardians for children in the township of ROCCOTH, if so, how the Guardians propose to deal with such c, in the future in the event of Mr. Bowyer's appoint being determined.—The Clerk was instructed to rei that school fees were being naid, and that it Wee tended to appoint the relieving officer, school WV° officer.

THE COUNTY RATH. The Clerk reported mat, he &ed a precept WS the County Council for the sum of £3,326 7s, 7d. to paid on or before the sixth January. The amount at made up as follows ;—County rate at 2fr I. ia the £2,308 Hs. 7d. • Constabulary tieneral Expendit three sixteenths of a penny in the £, £173 is. 114 Constabulary Local Expenditure at five eighths ef penny in the £, £844 OA. Li The Clerk said tee" was prdctically the same as last year.

THE COUNTY ISA 1.14 11/381S. Mr. Reginald Potts, clerk to the County Counciawal° acknowledging receipt of the resolution of the Guardia with reference to the County Rate thesis, and statilleet', that he had received a similar resolution from the Noir. wich Guardians. He enclosed a copy of the roll had forwarded to the Clerk of that Union. In communication Mr. Potts stated he would brim resolution under the notice of the County Rate I Committee at its next meeting. This Committee I. ever, had already, with the concurrence of the don Council, given instructions for the necessary Wort tion to be obtained from the new Property Tax Ass?, ment to enable them to prepare a new basis upon wtd to levy the county rates, and the information Woult"). obtained at as early a date as possible. With referee' to the resolution that the County Rate should be' on the gross estimated rental, ike., the committee ' given this matter very careful consideration and so I bask as June 1892 received in conference representeti! from the several Poor Law Assessment Committees the subject. In consequence of the great diversity e_ practice, followed by each Assessment Committee IP arriving at the gross estimated rental, and to the ft I that some of the Unions had not been valued by pr' sional and independent valuers for a number of SO the committee were of opinion that it was not desire' that either the gross or net poor rate assessment shot be taken by themselves as the basis or standard UT which to levy county rates, but that ad far as practice' the sdheduleA,Property Tax Assessment ,should be ta. as hitherto with the same uniform deductions from several classes of property as have hitherto been takt —The Clerk said there had been a proposal made there should be a conference of the Assessment Comm.:, tee of the county to consider this subject, and Do' Charles Reynolds, the Chairman, and himself, had appoiuted to attend. The conference had however, yet been called. THE RUNCORN COMMISSIONERS' ACCOUNT. In accordance with notice, Mr. Noreein moved tb the resolutions of the Board of the 19th September at' November 25th 1893 be rescinded: By this resolutiw.' the Guardians aeopted the report of the Committee al pointed to consider the claim made by the Italica Improvement Commissioners respecting certain patient admitted into their hospital ; that takiug into consider tion that it does not appear to be the practice in ot Unions to pay for patients taken into an infectii diseases hospital, and that the eneeval thereto of patients is for the pui pose of stampisg out disease, the aeneral -good of the district within which it broken out,ancl that in the eases charged for the petit were not taken into the hospital at the request of Guardians or under an order of Justices, the Guardia feel they would not be justified in paying the accoM In the event of these resolutions being rescinded, Norman would move that the account of the Runt Commissioners of £23 188. 6d. for food, nursing, a attendance in the Runcorn Infectious Diseases Hospil of patients suffering from small pox,who had previoi to their removal to the Hospital received a medicaid from the Relieving Officer, be paid. Mr. Norman sm as they were all aware there was an agreement in fel in reference to infectious diseases dealt with by I Commissioners and the liability of the Guardians : them. The first account was for £BO which inched I charges for many cases of which the Guardians had record and whom there was no means of te acing. ' Local Government Board had been consulted and ' Stated that the Guardians wino liable- for destitute ca. The question arose as to wh3 was to decide which tvi destitute cases or otherwise and it was because thought the Commissioners had no right to decide si a point that he voted against paying the account first presented. Now the Commissioners had sent in amended, account charging only in cases wilere medi orders had been issued by the relieving officer, and could not have greater proof of destitution than orders. The exact letter of the agreement had perhai not been carried out, but in cases of smallp • x the or way to deal with them was to get them into the I,lw tal a.i quickly as poseible, and there was no time to suit the Guardians who met only once a fortnight. the ground of honour they were liable to pay ti amended account.—Mr. Yarwood seconded the motk —Mr. Heywood asked if any patients had previously ceived medical orders, and been taken to time Comte sioners Hospital and charged for in a similar manner this.—The Clerk replied not since he was clerk, and) thought there had been 'none taken before without a r solution being passed.—Mr. Brandreth Sam n 3 &AA when the medical orders were given the relieving of did net know the applicants were suffering from ste pox. The agreement had not been carried out in al way and he did not see that the Guardians were cello upon to pay. In some other Unions the Geardians W( not charged for dealing with infectious cases. —.7 ererman said he could mention Prescot Union whertl were.—Mr. Brandreth said in the Rural district £ll had been spent in dealing with smallpox; and no chat had been made for paupers or anyone else in the hog), tal, and the action of the Commissioners seemed paltr7, —Mr. Heywood denied that a medical order was pre' of destitution. A person receiving a medical order am not a pauper chargeable to the Union. If the Coreue sinners wished to make that amount out of the Guardiao9 the Rural Authority could retaliate by making a charge.; also, and if they did that they would be able to er9.l quits with the Commissioners.—Mr. Aaron said it wall waste of time to discuss' the matter further. • The Rur3,l Authority had spent a thousand pounds in stamping Oti the disease without inquiry as to whether the patient were paupers or otherwise and he thought that wile tt duty of a Sanitary Authority —Mr. Williams said ti Clerk had advised theimat the last meeting not to pa., the account.—Mr. Norman still contended that the/ could not honourably refuse to pay it. He had reasott to believe that any cases that come under the agreeinen I Would not be carried cut by the Commissioners in future., ! _Mr. Brandreth: They had better give- us notice thou I—Mr. Norman : I have nothing definite but I have reatimatl to believe.—Threis voted for the motion and twelvC against, and it was accordingly lost.—Mr. Handler; moved that the whole matter be placed before t,P Local Government Board.—Mr. Norman .eaconded.--1 Brandreth said it was the Commissioners who wantt paying and it was for them to take the matter furtberA —Only the mover and seconder voted for the motion OP: the rest against. There was Some laughter at Mr. Ya wood on this occasion voting against, and he explah that he thought it was for the Commissioners to fe the matter out.

MR. GLADSTONE AND THE UNEMPLOYED. Mr. Gladstone received a deputation on -Thursdar from the Shoreditch Conference of Vestry Delegate 6 oti the subject of labour for the unemployed. Variong speakers suggested Viat the Government might fitig work for the unemployed by building light railway London and other parts of the country. Mr. Gladstone, in reply, expressed his sympathy with those aufferioq from distress. He thought scuba of the opinions expresseu, had been rather sanguine as to the almost omnipotence of the Government; but the Government was placed ill a difficult position when asked to go beyond its limits. He shared in the feeling to a certain extent that 00 railway should be bnder Government control, but the, Commission appointed to consider the matter had rived at a negative conclusion. The deputa6on r 000;',1 hardly expect him to say whether the Government undertake the primary charge and responsibility ot °The schemes, but they should have carelul inquiry. subject of the increase of employment at all tini„,:!..Liau rtl.. he asserted,strong claims co attonrn ni the Liuve meat.

411111, MAKE WINE AT 110.1 MASON'S WENN sS A Sixpenny bottle will make you a ~alton of splendid Wino. Sample post free for nine atamps.-fis:WeaLL .atno itssol. Norrinomix.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NMES

===== 0002601_18931230_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7 • 7)•• ."•:.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
.''. .:11_ 1

" • .7:

' •"•••:-

?•:!r.

r

t ,•,, rc Itto.- %. ' Are 4 ... _ tes,.'... arl4 '4. ' ii,..." ..' " • Of ~.".; csie. ' 1 ;43300V:4. rePli ' I iv' ; ! ill .'r ' e he' ' '• le gf ild• ,ofil 3*-, ,ealr- '' •‘; . .. - :4..,.. 3,-..',,,,,,1 . ,ardiao4.' i Ith" •",'" j 8ae11..1e',.1 Ca hotrie4.4.,.' ollo__ (ereaceti'l.;',‹ bafieV'''', ictivff-1 Of"),*': , itg X CACI, C ' 1 trOfgr.4 11333:01!,14 rabill • ,e-1/ )016 4 i IP°ll Lll4l ;a, • ,li.N..'l' - ,hele,, is. 4 :‘,l vIP- 1t.."',..' o.l'. i.p• ~ ' Aincoro: ith_, ;jowl!' . tieeeeo . ''' uog DIP° •.'f • iteeif ')," rd.' , rC I 1' ' tte-1,1 . tbc. ' . :asel; 'U. . • 'a Re the au "a., " ),4 . .9.. CO . . to • -, • rl. '1 4 , I. w , • ',.;- I te , I i Itllit •,, i ' 4 , •gr,, ' the 7,;":" : e le I , it. Sap .$ itrj' moo ' w . : aian£ 4 , i • cha 17 11: i , ~... 31/ ",• 1 -rf , eh& 1 I .1. , '1614. ,);•;- r. 10 _,_,.'.",-41. ~..:,;,,,,-t?,,,, ter?'•;,,4,..!2,..' . th•:;re?",4., . , • ~nted-',14::'4: • : e.e.. : , lier, • ,

!‘ ,

I

===== 0002601_18931230_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
Th( Work and Meesz Ford. Brand

===== 0002601_18931230_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
4;1410 _ Adaml

The • kaPPY prospe

===== 0002601_18931230_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18931230_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
...'.6'''

)1

natal' r of Ur' Canner' (clerk)

the air flicer ia )ard by the god, Cases, ;0 rePu vras inq

pt 1. to be rrc int W3„5 the a', nditure hs of t theca'

iture. then. easeti welve nd/e9 the —:dr• Intel -the. I and I'3r-A tine•i• 'erre"

, .1;1;1

, . :

r , .../4:'/. nr-r.l. •• , ' ~. ' .., • . , , . .•> '' . , I I , 1 ;• I. I be tbfl . the asio Icse inty low' 505' nicil I be eoco aged haj ;Pa° ,5 00 of y !a i° faes Dies- •all oil!. ' Ira •ablf' tbe i ,ken. 1 that; I "Jr. I • 11° • tba: )1 , aocl Iran° Bar I ' corld 1 ieflo. dery i'' afbet tione 510, an- is• bal ll lea': i I disc° i • oust' ? .. , 'Jr. 1 . Icor° ? and - 'pital Buell 1 crder sai I ' forew I r tbe ' ' 0, far 'Ude3 1 Id 111° Tba r 4 the,' I ' )ase9, was a be 00 , all iici+l 'I thel rhar 1 onlf , losPi" )cor 01; ) : tte ,ly ronir let ta , If nd 10, 4' i douIP ,ffine,f 4 trnall.: 4 ''' :alien Were ' • thei I . ~ are ; trY• !one I iis- fir 4 . 1 Y ' 31 , Ik i 1 O er ^ ' • z.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
sdal Haug tine ID one, Tiroz !ssed

elle° aits. the thfuld ar- ach Tho ad, 431-

===== 0002601_18931230_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL SANITARY

--AUTHORITY.

The fortnightly meeting was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. Mr. Mclntyre presided and there were present the Rev. J. W. N. Tanner, Messrs. Whitley, Hey woed, Aaron, Woodward, Ford, Pickering, Knowles, Lewis, Williams, Brandreth. J. Ashton (clerk) G. Ashton (deputy clerk) J. Farrington (sanitary inspector) and Dr. Adams (medical officer). COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON. The Chairman expressed the hope that all had spent a happy Christmas and the wish that they would base a prosperous New. Year. (Hear, hear). MOORE SMALLPDX HOSPITAL. A letter was read from the Manchester Ship Canal Company stating that they had a smallpox hospita situated on a spoil bank near Moere. for which they had no use; would the Runcorn Sanitary authority care to purchase 2—The Clerk was instructed to inquire the terms upon which the hospital could be acquired. WESTON WATER SUPPLY. Mr. Aaron inquired whether it was not a fact that before a house could be occupied in the Authority's dis- trict, the Inspector must see that the house was properly drained,and supplied with water,and that everything else was in a sanitary condition.—The Clerk replied in the affirmative.—Mr. Aaron asked what was to be done in cases where the houses were inhabited and there was no water supply. In Weston there were many houses without any supply of water. In his own house he had -a tap in the cellar, and he had been unable to get water there. Could not the Authority take some action against the Runcorn Commissioners who owned the waterworks. —Mr. Brandreth : But they supply water for a certain number of hours each day.—Mr.,Aaron : There is some- times no .water for whole days.—The Sanitary Inspector said many of the water pipes in Weston were corroded up, and if these were replaced and new lengths of main. were laid, and there was a little more pumping, the evil would be remedied.—Mr. Heywood advised Mr. Aaron to get a tank. A certificate of occupation could be given to a house where there was nothing but a supply ef rain water. Therefere he did not see what power the authority had over a house that had a supply from a waterworks.—The Medical Officer said a house could be occupied if there was a sufficient supply nf rain water which they could use.—Mr. Aaron: Without filtering ? —The Medical Offiaer : I Walk the occupants can use their own discretion as to filtering.—Mr. Aaron said one _ half of the houses were not supplied with water, but all the same the Commissioners demanded the rate a quar- ter in advance, and if the money were not paid, a sum- mons was sent. He did not think it was right.—Mr. Heywood : Can you say that this want of supply is injurious to health.—Mr. Aaron : Yes. There was no water to wash out the sewers, or the back yards, or the slop stones or anything e'se. He contended that such a state of thingswas injur ou; to health.—The Clerk said 'if the Waterworks Compi.ny did not carry out their Act Mr- Aaron had a remedy against them.—Mr. Aaron: Has one individual to fight the Company ? He moved that the Inspector examine the houses in We;ton where there was a deficient supply of water, and that he report in a fortnight as to whether it was injurious to health or te4. It was a great wonder they had not had more sickness in the township that; they had.—Mr. Hey- -Wood seconded the motion which was carried

===== 0002601_18931230_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
RHEUMATISM.

LUMBAGO.

ILIMAN'S UNIVERSAL EMBROCATION, is.ll,d.tt 2s. 9d.

It? 1117171 ,Y* 4 y tit • ,J+ ,k 1 .0, ,7 - 7

A

===== 0002601_18931230_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
~.',.., `tki.„.‘4- , ,v4.:,.....1,;(6'44::::07,11:::•,%....P.: L2(.1.),4,"m1.3M1-+t* ,••,e. ~ vz...,,, • • • tti' 4 4 ni-MY '". ~.--•:4;,.....•• „,4 4•N 0..•,4 •••Pi or "a,' , ii. . . A... , ~ • . ~„.., ~.„... :.,,,.. ~.v, . . ~.... , .., . ..‘ / , ~ viltlestar,' „, '''' • ' a • ^:i., , pi/4i° "P. -,i,..0.::......: 4.,„:0.,..,,, . y:4I4P 4 ..: • 4 elf • mrsllgtrot.

--,,

Are universally admitted .to be worth a Guillea a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness, and Swelling after Meals,. Dizziness and Drowsi- ness, Cold Chills, Flushings of Beat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Slew), Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Treinbling Sensations, Sze. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. This is no fiction, for they have done it in countless cases. Every suf- ferer is earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

===== 0002601_18931230_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S PILLS.

*s.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0136.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
BEECHAM'S PILLS.

_

===== 0002601_18931230_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
:E C t AM'S PILLS.

BEECHAM'S PILLS.

B 04- CHAM'S PILLS.

BEECHAM's

BEEC 'S •

1. 'S 33E 4. :4

PILLS.

PILLS.

PILLS.

For Teliiale.s of all ages these Pills are invaluable. No Female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found to equal BEECHAM'S PILLS for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the :,,ysteir. If taken according to the directions given with each Box, they will soon restore Females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their use.

For a weak stomach, impaired digestion, and all disorders of the liver, they act like magic, and a few

doses will be found to work wonders upon the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long-lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appe- tite, and arouse into action, with the rosebud of health, the whole physical energy of the human frame These are facts testified continually by members of all classes of society and one of the best guarantees to the nervous and debilitated is that BEECHAM'S PILLS have the largest sale of any patent medicine

in the world. Full directions are given with each Box.

Sold by all Druggists and Patent Medicine Dealers in tbe

United Kingdom.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
In Boxes, at 912-cl,, is, lid., and 2s. 9cl, each.

, ~ , c. ' ~. L., ..,..„ ~.• .. , e . . r Px) yt .s. • (, ',1% .::, '5 4..,i v tr „ I ~ ~,, RI ...,., k ,i' • ).' • k p ~., . .i. 4., , ...•.• , i•• • , , ~,,,, ~,,is s ..i..., •-', 4rf,. s s, $ ,f ;',' V; SO '1 v. , 41 4 'II 0X 8 , , . i, ... ... .. 1 " .

ii W use le si int t in

===== 0002601_18931230_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
A TALK WITH Mk. JEROME.

After a while I turned the conversation upon his own work in particular, asking him bow it was he was able, out of his own inner consciousness as it were, to evolve so many curious specimens of humanity,and yet so true to life. " Well," he thoughtfully replied, "it is rather difficult to say off-hand, because though I am always studying- life in the rough, yet I rarely pick out solitary specimens of humans. Things sink in unconsciously, I suppose. I couldn't tell you what a man had on five minutes after he had left me, but after a while, if I thought about him, he would all come back to rue. As to what they say and think—the characters in my books —1 always feel as if I knew what a man would say ; if I see his face lean always tell what he is going to say,for words, modes of expression, are so much the part of a man. Take, for instance, that double character in my Novel Notes,' where a man is a gentleman for one month and an East end blackguard the next month. Whenever I conjured up the two faces of that one man I knew exactly what each would say. Lavater says that you can alter your feelings by your facial muscles. Stick out the jaw,' he says, and you feel determined at once.' I often do that myself. The muscles have a distinct effect on the will power. It simply means that body and mind re-act on one another. Wag a dog's , tail to make him good humoured. If you can make a man laugh against his will, his bad humour goes, dis- persed by the muscles of laughter. You notice this often in the House of Commons. I always enter int* my characters' thoughts and feelings : I can't help my- self. Mr. Solomon in painting my portrait the other day noticed that. I happened to think of a murder in my story ; the savageness of it came into my face, and he had to paint the expression over again when my thoughts were ol a more cheerful nature. I drn't work from my

head, but from my heart. For the time being lam the man lam describing. I could not possibly describe him and his doings in cold blood. Take 'Uncle Podger ' banging the pictures in "Three Men in a Boat.' I actu- ally was that man putting up the pictures, or rather, I was the people standing round him. He was only re- flective. I did not take him from his point of view. I was his disgusted wife, looking on. I dare say he thought the onlookers a pack of fools. My characters really live while lam writing about them. Now they are like people gone abroad—they have dropped out of my life. It is not till I have got two-thiids through my book that I know my new characters. Many authors go back to their old characters. Bret Harto must have loved to go back to IN." " And what class of people do you like best to describe?' "There again it is difficult to say definitely," replied my host, as he lit one of his never- failing cigarettes. "There is a keen study underneath tise surface to be found in the quieter and better edu- cated classes ; bizarre effects in the eccentric strong , characters ; but it is the totally uncultivated who pro- vide the strongest. My great point, I think, is in Mak- ing people talk ; but I don't think you can train your:. self to it. If you have a strong sympathy,generally you can at once get inside a man. You think with him and express yourself with him. Each class has certain sub- tleties. The costermonger, the politician, the society *lncur ; imagine them gathered round one subject, and how differently each of them would view the same thing, each one from his own point of thought. There would be little turns of wording and expression—the reflex of the man's thought, and this, without taking into account accent or grammatical accuracy—merely the beet of the mind."—" Cassell's Family Magazine."

SPRAINS.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINE 11, S A TURD AY. DEC EM HER 30. 1813.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
E2TABLIBHKD 1851.

BIRKBECK BANK,

Southampton 'Butldings:' Chancery Lane, London. TWO-AND-A-HAL/ per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on 'CURRENT ACCOUNTa. on Hoy minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS. SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcuased and sold SAVINGS DEPARTMENT

For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives smaller= on deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each oompleted £,l

BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW To POROHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MOICTR.

BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY 110 W TO PURCHASH A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS pa MONTH.

The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post free FRANCIS It PYRNSCROFT„ Massager. _

WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES, With Frenzli and Persian E,lsteads complete.

To be seen carrying OWE TON. We Challenge nry other Wire Mita sees to stand this Test II /hit is It erer re- q:red of a Mattress :hat it should carry one font Certainly not. Hitherto the ..nt Against the use of lklattisesAss has been that stretched alter a time. !inch was true. We give this Ire will not stretch. ' If they replace with new ones. had from • _

severe test to prove thai do within 6 years vre

THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms, Legh Street. THE LONGFORD WIRE qo .I,Imited.WARRINGION.

M ARUM) LADY'S Price LW of Correctives and Pre- ventives, with valuable Re ipes, free for Stamped Address.—Air. HALL, Rider Drove, Sheffield. A HISIVXMCS WORKS, with plates 3)2 pages, 30 stamps. Xi- "Paris by night,or Gay Life in Paris" ; illustrated 3U siamos.—Post free ti. BowAtit. 27. tienslut4-st.„ Liverpool iVEAiRIID LADINS.—INFORMA.TION PRICALISSS VALUE (Pit KE).—Send at once stamped envelVe to Lsorits:PicE, 4. linsdley-st., aberlield. (Name thts gaper.,

EXUILANUII tor tamped .hfivelope tor paruculars:• rled Lady h it a most valuable harmless recipe for ladies.—Mrs. BAYLEY, Broad•st., Nottingham.

FllO Tuft lt-I).—Senti stamped addressed envelope 1, for full particulars ftive most perfect and harmless Family Preventatives.as recommended by eminent physicians Irregnlarities and obstruction removed, health restored.—D. MILSSFY BALFOUR. 88, Strand. London.

• • ...V, •••••••• • 11° WLE'S 'PENNYROYAL tic 6TEEI. FLIAA toz remales, quickly correct all irregularities, re:ofive all obstructions. and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes Is. lid. said 2s. 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 54 stamps by the maker, H. T. TowLir. Chemist. Nottingham.

ONE BOX OF CLABICES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all disehances from the Urinary Grans. In either sex (acquired or constitutional). Gravel, and Pains in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold la Boxes. 4s. sa. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the World; or seut to any adgress for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND DOUNTIFN DRUG Coafealc7. Lincoln. Wholeeale Agents; BARCLAY SONS. London. and all the Wholesale liouaea.

AMES.—FKMAI,E IRREGULARITIES and OBSTRUCTIONS.—TI 23 DIFFICULTY SOLVED AT LAST.—A lady having Tried in Vain Every Advertised Remedy, has at last discovered a SIMPLE MEANS of -SELF- CURE, particulars of which she will forward TREE OF CHARGE to Her Poor Suffering Sex ou receipt of stamped addressed envelope. Send at once. and waste no more time and money upon Worthless Pills. Mixtures, and other So- called Remedies of this class, which mole pain, sickness, and Injury CO the system without having the necessary effoct.— Write, with full hope and confidence, to Mrs. ST. CLAIM. 46. '-uthampton Buildings, Chancery-lane. London. W.C.

I WOMAN'S FRIEND. UXLErS SPECIAL mixf IlUltx. -. TIIE MOST POWRItFUL AND EFFECTUAL MEDICINE KNOWN. The recipe of a famous French Physician. Quick, sure, and certain. Never fails to Relieve and Cure, no instter how caused. Post free to any address fur 2.5. 9d. or ss. 6d. per h Odle. Pull instructions with each. Send for the WIFE'S FRIEND. a book for every woman who yish es to keep healthy.—D. GLASGOW HUXIMIC. M.D. (U.S.), 176. Cemetery-road. Sheffield. and Masonic Buildings (opposite Market). Rotherham.

T R lAL NOFORTE To RI, NET, 250 PAGES (Full Music Si7e). P CTlcr Pictorial Tutor Descriptil, e Prospectus The mrtt re- mei POST Contains 7o Illustrations being published at Net Bent Post Free on applies lon markahle cheapest and over 250 Songs. Price, it cannot be obtained of .to " Magazine cf Music." Office. book ever puislithed. The FREE Dances, Carols, Anthems any book or music sellerunderse 20. Ludgate Hill, Lendon. IS C. ri'ltl Mort e irnplU\ed I and Hymn Tunes.

•

tr---- No.lo3s—F:onch. ~ . • . ,-...*., -..r 4•'-: ..:....„. ..-..;.L..z- • ~ ~2,o"ti+ ''• 4.-',. , 1 1 oompbant ti../ they w hi It OUY .. will, 'To be b

-

===== 0002601_18931230_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

===== 0002601_18931230_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
7 $ e o : 4 1. ; . • I 1 • k . zitcAtH' 3410 t e. ei

•. e..... 4 , . 0. ' .

Sout

===== 0002601_18931230_art0144.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. ,atet" Ikk

===== 0002601_18931230_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
• •e 77 - • • .• • .

===== 0002601_18931230_art0146.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
*;

===== 0002601_18931230_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
1

U

.

'' - .1- %,

-- \

••?

. i i. i 1

===== 0002601_18931230_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
`N,‘ 4

EW YEAR PRESENTS. Lily of the Valley, Honey Suckle, Apple Blossom, Wood Violets, Cberry Blossom, hite kieliotrope,White Hose, Jockey Club, Laven- der Water, as Bouquet, Opoponax. These and many other choice perfumes may be obtained In all sizes from 6d. to 9s. at H. i. ASHTON'S 63. SANEBY-SIESET. (Oppos.ite Legh-st.) WARRINGTON. N.B.—Svery purchaser presented with an elegant Calender for 1.8.94.

iLetttrO to the Otittor.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICII TO COEIIIISPONDEYTS.

Mr. J. C. Dalton and Mr. Foulkes : The subjects referred • to in your letters Vitt week have been suanently discussed.

GOOD ADVICE FRO3I VIRGINIA.

Sir,—lt has been a source of great pleasure to me to receive an " Examiner" from the old country, for some time past, but at present the pleasure, is, to a degree, marred by the discussion on polemical amenities, &c. Although I am writing from a distance and the discus- sion in question may be finished before my letter roaches you, still I hope you will grant me enough space to insert what few lines I have to write. Ido not intend to enter any discussion. On the contrary I would like this one to cease and so make room for attic': i of more inter- est, to me at least. I tnyself ana well acquainted with Mr. R. Foulkes, and already know his views on more things than this, in connection with Church matters, but I have net the pleasure of knowing Mr. J.C. Dalton. Without doubt both gentlemen, are well versed in their opinions, but when the expression of their opiniens reaches the stage as published in the " Examiner "01 November 25th and December 2nd, it leads to no mater- ial good. Every man has a right to his own religion, and can champion his cause without the display of nonsense. 'Mat each gentleman will shake hands and agree—to differ—is the ardent wish of •

RUNCORNIAN.

Saltville, Virginia, U.S.A.. Dm 18th, 1893.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWSPAPERS AND BOOKS FOR THE INFIRMARY.

Sir,—May I appeal to your readers for an object which I teel sure will enlist their sympathy. The Educational and Recreation Committee of the Social Questions Union is anxious to devote its energies to useful public objects Whatever tends to elevate the taste or brighten the dul- ness of life comes within its scope. It has come to our knowledge that a more liberal supply of suitable literature would be acceptable for the use of patients in the Infirmary. It is an object which must appeal to so many that it is needless for me to enlarge upon it. I proceed at once to practical suggestions. We want copies of the weekly papers. Will those who can spare them drop me a line, and I will furnish them with a supply of stamped and directed wrappers, that there may be no trouble in forwarding them to the lefirmary. We also want honks, or money to buy books. I shall be glad to receive any:good books that can be spared—not the vreedings of the library, not worthless or fable books,but healthy, refreshing or amusing books, such as people need during a period of confinement to keep up their spirits and take them out of themselves. Surely some of your readers will be glad to send us some money to pur- chase books of this kind. I can promise that we shall use our best thought and judgment in its disbursement. I may add that the Managing Committee of the Infirm- ary is aware of our project, and has expressed its will- ingness to receive whatever suitable literature we may be able to provide for the patients —I am. yours, Ste., WM. HAMILTON DRUMMOND, 20, Bold-st.,Warrington, Dec. 28, 1893.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BIBLE.

Sir,—" Dissenter" has done precisely what one might have expected him to do. Finding himself confronted .with a tew searching criticisms, that 0 to the very root of his religious principles, and expose their defectiveness, he seeks to evade the difficulty in a manner characteris- tic of the controversial school to which he belongs. I am as familiar, probably, as he himself is. with " Helps to the study of the Bible "—the useful little work to which he refers me—and therefore, I am in a position to say that it does not settle the question as to whether the Bible is composed of all the inspired writings that have ever been penned. In my previous letter, I gave what I conceive to be substantial reason for holding that a number of such writings have perished, and conse- quently, I think I am fully justified in postulating that no one can logically assert the Bible to contain the whole of God's Revelation,unless he can prove,in the first place, that the Word of God, in its entirety, has been reduced to writing, and in the second, that no necessary part of that writing has been lost. Consequent upon this is the very obvious conclusion, that to assert of any Catholic doctrine a want of Scriptural authorisation, does not disprove its claim to a place among those truths which have been divinely revealed. "Dissenter " is certain that his own interpretation of the Bible is the right one ; whence, of couzse, it follows that he is certain also of everyone who has the temerity to differ from him being in the wrong. But then, " Dissenter's" certitude is no evidence that he does rightly interpret the Scriptures ; and considering that Holy Writ contains things hard to be understood, which the unlearned and unstable wrest to their own destruc- tion (2 Pet. 111., 14) and furthermore, that my Wssent- ing friend has received no Divine assurance of that infallibility which he seems to claim for himself, I should be very loth to permit my doctrinal belief to coincide, in all particulars, with his.—Yours, AUG. J. HILTON. 31, Arthur R ad, Nsrth Brixton, London, S.W. December 26, 1893. CHRIST AND THE CATHOLICS. Sir,—The proverb says there is no use' in disputing about tastes. 'these depend so much on a man's en- vironment, and this again is so far beyond his control, that I trust your correspondent " Dissenter "will not take .offence if I avow a preference for the Church's atmosphere of human tenderness and reverence for divine things, and refuse to discuss according to his . taste such matters as our doctrines regarding saints and relics and the taithful departed, or the primacy of St. Peter. With regard to indulgences your correspondent does not seem to know what they mean, and therefore goes astray in his remarks on the passage of scripture referred to. An " indulgence " is a remission of punish- ment ;if this is not " loosing," what is ? The power to " bind and loose" was promised to " the disciples," not as individuals but as a body ; just in the same way as a gift made (say) to " the people " of Warrington be- longs not to individual householders, but to the corpor- ation. Now " the disciples" as a body are the church. Hence it is the church which " binds or looses," and like other organised societies it exercises its authority by means of duly appointed officers, viz., the Pope and other bishops. to grant an" indulgence "is not a very extravagant use of their power, but is certainly in- cluM d within it. " Dissenter " does not say what pro- vision any of the protestant Dissenting bodies make for fulfilling the Apestolic command (Jas. v., 16), to" cm• fess sins one to another "—not "sinfulness "in genes* but actual" sins "committed—and till he has done so, and proved that it is bstter than the provision the Catholic Church makes, I submit he has no right to pose as our critic in this matter. Lastly, let me say again that no Catholic will grant his assumption—it is only an assumption, baseless and incapable of proof—that the Bible, interpreted by the private judgment of the indivi- dual, is the sole rule of Christian faith.—Yours truly, B.L. Dec. 26, 1893.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
POLEMICAL AMENITIES.

Beware of false prophets. which come to ymi in !sheep's clothing, tut inwardly are ravening wolves. By their mita

ye shah know ihem." Sir.—Mr. Dalton appears to have called into court and cross-examined the wrong witness. Was that lengthV quotation trom Leay given to prove low tolerant the rationalistic author of "Rati:maiism la Europe" was in his dealings with Romanism ? How willing to say all that Could be said which, if it did not" make her blame- less, would at least. palliate her guilt." Thanking Mr. D. for his very apt, if unconscious, testimony as to the large-nainded toleration ot rationalism. may I ask him to give us some evidence of his acquaintance with any other instances—Hume, Huxley or Spenser? say nothing of the advantages which he might derive from a close study of these authors, he might afford another amusing instance of the citation of witnesses lot. the other side. In the elation naturally following this brilliant display Of forensic ability he proceeds to annihilate me (with laughter) by adducing the Communists as Rationalists ! These poor people, frenzied by had government, and maddened ty seeing the "Eminences" and " Rever- ences" hand and glove with this bad misgovernment— to call these Ratknislists, or even rational, is sufficient evidence of our critic's want of rationalism an his own part. Atheists they might be, largely so by the corrup- tion of his adopted church. Having thus de-vindieated his own claim to either reason or raionalisin, Mr. Dalton begins to rant about "trusting his salvation to poor finite reason, as do your egotistical Rationali&ts." •Oh ! indeed as Rationalists we don't trouble ourselves about an imaginary salvation beirg rendered neeuful by an equally fanciful fall—now quite discounted by ascertained facts. We do not in- tend to give up our dearly bought intellectual freedom at the bidding of a body of Italian shavelings. See what an exhibition of intdlectual degradation these petti- coated holy Eminences have made of their submissive devotee Prof. Mivart ! So! we are to accept dictation On such matters from the infallible source from whence came the command to Galileo to declare the world did not move. But it has moved—to the overthrow of this infallible blonder—and the cleansing of that sink of all Iniquities the Papal states. "By their fruits ye shall know them." As before I say that Rationalism—and Rationalism alona—botk within and without thechurches, what keeps them from falling to pieces by their own Corruption. All human institutions—and I know of no other—are liable—nay certain—to become foul and noisome by the lapse of time. •But try to take Anglican- ism, Romanism, or any other 'ism to pieces to cleanse it,

)

_

and see what a hubbub their "Reverences" will raise I But, no! these polluting accretions must go as until the whole fabric comes to the ground by the weighs of its own iniquities. And now, sir, I may say that some of my earliest re- collections are of an old Catholic lady whose school I at- tend, d—whose patience I tried, and whose image even yet; has a large niche in ray heart. I have many friends, of the same faith, whose good opinion I should be sorry to lo,e ; but what I hold to be the truth is more sacred than friendship or the pleasant recollections of youth. The blood-stained pagers of ecclesiastic history need only ' to be read with intelligence to convince any reasonable mind that mere religious opinion is not worth fighting for, not worth, persecuting for, not worth dying for. Meanwhile men are noose and more imbued with the salutary idea that reason—the best of God's gifts—is a safer guide through life than the dogmatism that burnt its brothers and drowned its witches. Mr. D. carefully avoids telling us what it is that prevents us from doing , the lattereven now ?—Yours, Arc., JO ON PEERS.

iWitMom

===== 0002601_18931230_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION.

- - - Sir,—Your last issue contained a statement ef a special rale of the new Warrington Sunday School Union which all schools within is five mile radius are invited to join. Now, as there is probably only Cairo-street Sun- day School within this area that %maid d+cline on prin- ciple to accept this Mediteval system of creeds.l presume it is meant to keep that heretical institution out of this select fold. It appears that to gain admission, the applicant must " Hold the doctrine of the Trinity ;" " The atonement of our Lord Jesus Christ ;" " The regenerative influence of the Holy Spirit ;" " And that all scripture is given by inspiration of God." Why the doctrine of an eternal Hell is left out, rather surprises me ! Twenty years ago it would have been considered indispensable. But a little light has dawned on the minds of some orthodox leaders even in Warrington, who can hardly reconci!e the belief in a God who consigns to eternal damnation with the Fatherly and being God ot Jesus Christ. It seems as if the principles enunciated in the Sermon on the Mount, and in the grand yet simple and practical teachings of the Master in the Gospels, are not in them- selves good enough without the addition of propositions, one at least of which, its professed believers admit they cannot understand. - .

The defenders of the " Trinity " still do what I who was trained to believe it did nearly 50 years ago—they take refuge behind the fence ol " a great mystery" when pressed closely by sound argument. Then, as belief in the Atonement is insisted on, it might have been worth while to define which doctrine of Atonement is the all- important one. For I have known about 20 different ones propounded at various times by orthodox divines. Now I have heen hearing and reading Christ's matchless Parable of the Prodigal Son for a lifetime, and I defy any reasonable man to find a trace of this doctrine there. It is remarkable, too, that the revised version does not contain the name Atonement. In the old version it only appears once (Rom. 5 and 11), but in the revised ver- sion it has been replaced, by orthodox revisers, by the better word "Reconciliation." So now our friends have to go outside the pages of the Bible to find a name for the doctrine. The word " Trinity " never had a place even in the old version. _ _ . .

As to the last section of this wonderful rule—" That ! all Scripture is given by inspiration of God," I would ask if the belief in witches, and that they should not be ' suffered to live, is a part of this inspiration? Does this inspiration rightly charge the Divine Being with com- manding the perpetration of most atrocious cruelties on helpless women and children and even on their cattle? Is there no difference in the inspiration of the Psalmist when he said, in reference to Babylon, " Happy shall he be who taketh thy little ones and dasheth them against the stones," and the sublime prayer of Jesus, "Father forgive them for they know not what they do?" Yt t these and many more equally incongruous illus- trations are includicl in the Scriptures,which are said to be all given by inspiration of God ,and to be accepted as such by those who would be members of this union. • ...Surely, in face of such narrow exclusiveness we are Instilled in re-echoing the words of the Master,"Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of." Such a constitu- tion would have excluded from communion even in good works some of the greatest intelle;:ts and noblest spirits that have lived to bless and elevate humanity. John Milton, our great epic poet, would have been shut out, for he wrote a treatise against the doctrine of the Trinity. Florence Nightingale, whose noble self-sacrifices in the Crimea drew forth from this nation a mighty tribute of affectionate admiration would not be orthodox enough for this little Union. Or, coming nearer home, men like Philip Carpenter, Richard Pitcher, and many others, whose names have been household words in all Christian activities in this town, would be counted unworthy to jein with their fellow townsmen in helping on the work they so dearly loved. In conclusion, much as I disagree with the constitu- tion of this Union, I will give five pounds to its funds if any of its promoters can find me a single genuine text of Scripture which gives either the name or is descrip- tive of the doctrine of the Trinity.—Yours, T. B. December 21, 1893.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
A DEFENCE OF THE COMMUNE &c.

Sir,—Religion from the beginning has be.sn the essen- tial part of the machinery used to govern a:' nations, and in all cases the result has been the same. Turn your eyes to any of them—the Mohammedan, the Jewish, tne Roman Catholic, the Greek Church, all these religions have the same object in view, that is to absorb all before them for the special benefit of the clergy. In proportion to the power acquired, these religions work mischief to the people. In our midst,we have men who make them- selves ever conspicuous by the earnest way in which they champion their particular pet religion. Our friend, Mr Dalt MI. is one of those. Last week he turned to blam- ing the Paris Commune for the shooting of Monseigneur Darboy. A revolution is a fracticidal war, and as such always to be regretted and deplored, but when we would elect ourselves as judges of historical occurrences we ought to be impartial in our verdicts. During the Com- munist rising, prisoners were made on both sides and the army of Versailles,under the command of MacMahon, invariably shot the Communists without any trial. Now, the leaders of the Comisune seat word to Mscllahon that if the Communist prisoners were shot, the Com- munists would shoot the hostages, and they did so. How many innocent men and women did MacMahon's soldiers shoot ? Thousands. Mr. Dalton would do much better service to the Church of Rome by letting her alone. ,Her history is a long record of tyranny and cruelty from the very moment that her prelates got into power. The Church of Rome was a failure in France as a governing machine. The French Revolution of 1789 and the Commune of 1871 were terrible national convulsions ' caused by Governments over which the Church of Rome had an all-powerful influence, but the deeds of blood of those revolutions stand as nothing compared with the centuries of tortures and misery under the sway of the Mother Church.

I would ask our friend Mr. Dalton to take notice of the last effort on the part of the Pope to use his influence in these realms on behalf of the aristocracy. I rn-am. when lie sent Monseigneur l'ersico over to Ireland imme- diately after the visit of the Duke of Nerfolk to Rome. Monseigneur Persico come over to Ireland to persuade the Irish Catholic hierarchy t 3 use their influence over their clergy and flocks and try to break up the political agi- tation known as the Land League. Although he failed in his efforts, it is worth while to remember on what side Rome would fight if she could. It is as well to say that religions, being human institu- tions, are all faulty. Those who are oppressed to-day would be oppressors to-morrow if they could. Look at the tyranny of our extreme Sabbatarians and the Knights of the Punua. Those 80-called Puritans are the very people who would rule with an iron rod if they could; they are the ones who do not forget to rule when- ever opportunity is offered. After expressing my opinion of various religions, I have no doubt there will be found those who would call me an infidel, unbeliever, atheist, and say that Socia- lists are against religion in any form. It is not so. We Socialists would observe the golden rule : Do unto others as you wish they would do unto you. Let there be liberty all round, freedom of speech,freedona of the Press,liberty of conscience. Mr. Dalton says in your last issue that Socialists would erase the name of God from the walls of the schools ; that we would not have religious education in our schools ; that the French Government have pre- scribed the Roman Catholic teaching Orders and so on. The duty of government is to hold an even balance, and as much as Mr,Dalton grumbles at the Christian brothers losing state patronage,much more would I a shriek if the government were to promote the Jewish faith. Yet the French Government has no more right to pay the Chris- tian brothers with State money than to pay Jewish teachers. Let education be free and compulsory and strictly secular for five days per week. There are seven days in the week,one of which can be entirely devoted to religious education for the children of those who wish for it and are willing to pay for it. We Socialists would nut oppress our fellows but would strenuously resist oppres- sion. The time was—when I went to school in France-- that all our school books had to be revised by the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Cambrai. In those days Roman Catholics were state manufactured in France, but,thank God, that day is gone. Then a man had no option.there was only one school in the village, and that school was state-supported and priest-ridden. So many hours a day were stolen from our time and devoted to Roman Catholic education. Religious education of the Roman Catholic persuasion was compulsory to the exclusion of more use- ful knowledae. History and geography were almost entirely neglected, and Roman Catholic catechism took up precious time. I want Mr. Dalton and others to acknowledge this much. Now, in France, education is free and compulsory up to fourteen years of age. The schools are State supported. and entirely secular educe: tion is provided on a generous and ample scab.. But in France there. is liberty_ .of _conscience,

and no one prevents Roman Catholic parents name bringing up their children in t ieir own faith The only thug that Mr. Dalton can complain of is that the Church of Rome has lost the control of the education of Young Fraqce. except in as far as the parents may wish it. Roman Catholics, in France, are not persecuted. —Yours truly, A. BROUCDEMITE.

-

===== 0002601_18931230_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURD AY. DECEMBER 3O, is.

NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

Warrington footballers havej should imagine,enjoyed a nserry Christmas. At any rate they have had plenty of play.and they are said never to be happier than when engaged in an exposition of the game. On Saturday they made a journey to Lancaster, and frightened the senior team of the town by only allowing them to squeeze their victory into a margin so narrow that the most verbose among them could not make a brag of it. John Bate was the only noticeable absentee from the Warrington ranks ;his place was tilled by Clark. Bee- som made a g•od show at back again—but, where has " Sureloot " got to ? Surely the inmth is up which it was 'aid would cover the whole of his absence?

On Boxing day the team met Kendal Flernets, at Wilderspool. They won by six points to tour. But oh! what a time they were having. Indeed, some people said they were "having "the spectators ; but there are always those who will cavil and growl at seeing others enzaged in that thrice glorious occupation of enjoying themselves. Both teams were representative ones, and play was much enjoyed by the large holiday " gate" which was present. Good play came especially from the three-quarter ranks and the forwards. At the inter- val, Kendal were leading by threz points, and for a time matters did not wear the most roseate glow for Warring- ton. However, a special spurt did all that was required, and the locals were eventually entitled to sing "See the c.ucquering Heroes come."

The A team has not been heard of very much of late, but on Saturday they favoured the Warrington public with a match with the A team from Lancaster. They have evidently become rather disorgani.sed with their pro- longed holiday, having only played one match during the past seven weeks. But they proved' equal to the task of beating Lancaster. The Northerners, however, were a sturdy lot, and required some beating, in fact " Jack was almost as good as his master." There was very little to /kite in the match, it being a very straggl- ing affair from beginning to end. Barber, the Stockton Heath threequarter, was a favourite with the crowd, and it is a great pity that he had not a little more work to do, for un the only occasion when .he had a fair chance, he darted ever the line through the midst of the Lancastrians.

Lally and Lawless at half back were agile enough,but they did not pass with sufficient freedom, and thus spoiled numerous chances. Lally was the best of the two, and had he been a sprinter he would have scored several times. Boscow, who again plared for the A team, waa in very good form,particularly in the kick- ing department, and were he a little more speedy, he would have almost been " hiinself again." It would be a difficult matter to say which of the opposing forwards were the best ; they were about evenly matched. The score was, strange to say, exactly the same as that of the first team on the following Tuesday against Kendal Hornets, viz., two tries to a dropped goal, so that the Warrington ground is apparently a favourable place for the northern tcams to exhibit their cleverness in drop- ping goals.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTECEDENTS.

Mr. J. T. Bate, better known in football circles as " Jack Bate," who holds the distinguished position of captain of the first team, is the subject of our sketch this week. He first commenced playing about ten years ago with the Old Latchford True Blues, and in the fol- lowing season he joined the White Star club, of Town's End. But his stay with this club was of short duration for soon afterwards he commenced playing in the 2nd team of the Warrington Football club. He was appointed sub-captain and afterwards captain of this team, and during his stay in the" A" team some years afterwards he fulfilled the same positions. Strange to say he has now occupied exactly the same positions in the first team. This it may be said is unprecedented in local football history, for " Jaaa " is the only player who has con- trolled the three teams in all these capacities.

As is well known, J. T. Bate's forte is at half tack ; in fact he has never played in any other position in the team. His compeer at half-back is' Smack "Bate, and they are c..nsidered the best couple in Lancashire in that position, and to their quickness and alertness many victories of the Warringson team are due. This year J. T. Bate's abilities have received due recognition by the county committee. He has played in two trial matches and was placed on the reserve in the match against Cumberland. His services, however, were not required. But in the match against Yorkshire he was included in The Lancashire fifteen, and played a sterling game at halt-back accompanied by his name-sake. That the County Committee were satisfied with his play is shown by his selection again in the county team against •Che- shire to be played to-day (Saturday).Warrington players it should be stated, have had a good share in County honours lately, for in several matches they have com- posed one fifth or the county team.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON.

__- THE P.S.A. AT WYCLIFFE CFIURCII.

There was again a very large attendance at the usual weekly P.S.A. meeting in Wye life Church on Sundae afternoon. The chair was occupied by Mr. .1. Mills who in a short address spoke on" Nobleness " Mr. R. Hen- shall delivered the address, and spoke of what he con- sidered "The main element in national greatness." He contended that a country's greatness depended on the moral quality of its people, and as an illustration he contrasted the condition of the nation under the pro- tectorate with what it had been previously. He re- minded the young men that a great deal depended on them in respect to the future of this country. Miss Nekton sang two solos in an admirable manner. The Rev. J. Yonge,Mr. T. Wallington, and Mr. D. Owes also took part in the service.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-ST. WESLEYAN CFIAPEL.

- _ The pulpit at the shove place of worship was occupied on Sunday morning bc the Rev.G. D. Mason. and in the evening by the Rev. J. Kirtlan. During the evening service Miss Rolle sang as a solo "He shall feed His flock like a shepherd," in a finished style, and the choir also rendered the anthem 0 Zion that brim:est vnd tidings." On the morning of Christmas Day, the Rev. G. D. Mason preached in the chapel, taking for his text Matthew 2, 1 and 2. Fie said that it would be well to pause in the midst of their thrtrging duties to reflect for a while on the meaning and purpose of the great event of the Incarnation of Jesus Christ in the history of the world. There were grouped together different representa- tive characters in the first and last scenes of our Lord's earthly life. For example, at the crucifixion there WAS the indifference of the Roman soldiers dividing His gar- ments among themselves, and, also the centurion, who said, "Truly this is the Son of God." There were also 1 the disciples, who said that they trusted that He had been the Saviour of Israel. There were still representa- tives of these various characters at the present day. In the same manner.at His hirth,there was the adoration of the shepherds. They hid in Herod the type of those who were malignantly hostile to Christianity. In the wise men from the East, they had the type of the earnest seekers after Christ. Tradition said that the wise men were three kings. That they were not ordinary persons is shown by the fact of the notice taken of their arrival in Jeru- salem, for the whole city WAS disturbed, and Herod at first received them courteously. The particular form their philosophy took was the study of the stars, and they no doubt expected to find on their arrival in Jeru- salem general rejoicing in the birth of Christ, but they were not repelled by finding Him in such humble sur- roundings and conditions in Bethlehem. There- were those who said that there was sufficient-in the world to satisfy everyone, and that they might, if they would, find the realisation of their hopes in the common -things of this life. But though a person had everything he hoped or wished for in this life, there was a something that could net be s.tistied, and would not lse satisfied until he found Christ and worshipped Him. Army of the places of worship were comfortably constructed, but suitable arrangements were not made for outward re- verence. He observed that in the worship of these wise men there was reverence and outward homage, and he thought that this was a lesson to thris of the present day, to give their whole heart and soul to the service of the Master. During the service Mr. Harrison played upon the organ" He shall feed His flock lika a shepherd.'

===== 0002601_18931230_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
DUKE ALFRED AND HIS ANNUTIE'S.

SEMI-OFFICIAL DECLARATION.

Cormlto, THURSDAY. —The official "Cobwieer Zeitung" to-day, referring to the recent debate in the House of I Commons regarding the allowance to the Duke of Coburg, remarks :—" Newspapers are in error in imagin- ing that there is any question of an annual vote in re- gard to the Duke's allowance. The two Acts of Parlia- ment referred to in the House of Commons could only have been modified or rescinded. If that were the case one of these Acts were disposed of by the renunciation of the Duke, while the other is upheld and remains hence- forth beyond the range of discussion by the British Par- liament. The first Ant provides tor the allowance to the Duke in his capacity as a lirstish Prince, while the second granted him a further allowance for his house- hold on the occasion of his marriage, and is indissolubly bound up with provision made for the Duchesi in the event of her widowhood. As regards the latter, the Duke could make 110 r:mimeiation, since such a step would have seriously prejudiced rights conferred upon the Duchess in the event of her becoming a widow. BY , treaty between Great Britain and Russia, moreover, the ' Duke's household has existed for several decades. His Royal Highnesa has spent large sums on structural im- provements at Clarence House, and has had to keep 1 numerous officials and servants who cannot well be dis- missed now. It should also be considered that the Duke as heir to the late Ibike, had no grants for Saxe-Coburg Gotha. If, therefore, the British Parliament recognised the Duke of Edinburgh's English obligations of anterior date, the German Press need not be annoyed because the Delte's German allowances, which only begin now, exclusively benefit his German pentirin and the people of Coburg Gotha, especially as his Royal Highness, as heir to the throne of Coburg, has for the last twenty years defrayed out or his own resources the cost fif maintaining a residence in Germany.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRINGTONIAN IN TLI.E FAR WEST.

We have received the following letter which, we believe, will be perused with interest by many of our readers :

The Pieaaant, 221, Marion-at., Seattle, U. S. A., Dee. 1893._ . .

Mr. Editor.—Once more I take great pleasure in writing to my friends in Warrington, through your paper, as I heard from several that they would like to hear from me again. I would like to inform my friends in the first place that I catered the tnatri- monial state on the 20th November last. I was married by the Rev. Hugh Pedley, of the Congrega- tional Church, W innipeg, to Miss Rean Toinp:sins, daughter of George Tompkine, Lietowel, Ontario. Ysiu will see by the above address that at preient I am not in the prairie capital (Winnipeg), as I left that city immediately after the marriage ceremony by the West- bound train, 10.30 a.m., for the Pacific coast and then down to Seattle in Uncle Sam's domains. Things were looking pretty dull in Maniteba for everything was at a standstill and will be until May. So I concluded to see a little of the country on my wedding trip, and at the same time escape the cold weather of the Manitoban winter. I fixed on Seatle, Washington territory, for my destination, that city being about 1,600 miles a little to the south-west of Winnipeg. It is my trip out there that I would like to speak about, and the beautiful scenery which lies along tee Canadian Pacific Railway to the coast. I don't think it could be surpassed. anywhere for mountain scenery, neither in this country, nor any other for grandeur, etc. Well, at 10-30 a.m., on the 20th (Nlonclay), we grt on board the tourist car, which is a little palace in itself, for con- venience, and comfort, and we are shown to our berth, by the polite and mannerly,neero poi ter,who has charg• of the car. I would like to say a word or two in praise of these coloured porters, as I find nearly everyone are down on the derkiee, and I don't for the life of me,,see why they should be, as they are no worse than white men, and I would by far prefer the darkies to scores of white men I have come in cestitact with, while rolling around this country. The railroads of Canada, and United States, employ only negroes, as porters, for they are by far more polite and oleiling than the average white man, and I " kinder think" they are myself. You ask them to do anything for you, and it's done, as if it were a pleasure to them, and you cannot help but get on friendly terms with them,as they go about their work singing, and smiling, or chatting away to you. They are mostly all jolly, good hearted fellows, and no differ- ence in them at all—except that they they have the mis- fortune to have a black skin. They are sober and in- dustrious, and what more is wanted? I have seen scores of niggers, but never seen one drunk yet. But I had better get on with my letter, as I arms taking up too much space in your paper. I'm afraid. The train leaves Winnipeg, on time, and with many handsnakings, and goodbye's, we are off. As we know we shall see nothing for the day but the snow-covered prairies and having nothi•g to do, we soon make the acquaintance of our fellow passengers in the car. Before night we arc all at home with one another, and might have been acquainted for months. We get amongst the endless wheat fields, in the afternoon, now covered with snow, and about 9 p.m. we reach Indian Head, the headquarters of the celebrated Bell Farm, which con- tains 100 square miles of lamed. I should have liked to have passed here in the day time, and no snow to be seen; for they say you can see scores of the farm labourers cottages' dotting the plains as far as the eye can see. The furrows on this farm are usually ploughed four miles long ; and to plough one furrow outward, and another returning, is a half day's work for a man and team. Shortly after nine o'clock, the porter comes and makes our beds tor us, and then we turn in and find it hard to get to sleep, as the jolting of the cars is not very pleasant, but being tired we are soon in the land of dreams. About 2 am, we reach Regina, and as the train steams into the station my wife and I are out of our berth and on the platform of the car on the lookout for our friends, whom we expect to meet here, and we are not disappointed, for the train has barely stopped, when my wife is pulled to the platform by her sisters, and brother-in-law, the latter being Emigration Agent for the Province. We are not allowed much time, to see our friends, for in live minutes, the train begins to leave the station, and we lose sight of them in the dark- ness. Regina, I may say, Is A pretty place, the governor of the Province residing there ; it is also the headquarters of the North-west mounted police, a military organize- tion,nuinberine 1,000 men,who are stationed at intervals over the North-west and along the border to look after the Indians and to preserve order. When we leave Regina, it does not take us long to get into our berth again, and to sleep souadly, the rest of the night. Next morning (Tuesday) we are all up early, and every one bustling and preparing their breakfast. Soon after breakfast, we see one of the Canadian Agricultural Company's farms, which covers 10,000 acres. 'this Company have several of these farms, in different districts, and altogether they have about 1.05,000 acres of land. Each farm contains an average ot 10,000 actes,and it is supposed they have about 4,000 acres under cultivation at each point. You can judge what some of the farms are like out here for size. In the afternoon we are in the esaching country, as now and again' we see great banes of cattle grazing and numerous corrals; and now and agaen a branding corral along the track. Towards night everything begins to change, and soon we are amongst the foothills, and as we look out of tho car windows we become more interested, as we are now near the Rockies, and everyone is eager to see the magnificent scenery, so much praised. Some of the passengers are so interested that they decide to keep awake all night ; for fear they should miss any of the scenery. As for myself and wife, we were tired, and so we retired for the night with the intention of rising early in the morning. At six a.m. (Wednesdayl I turned out and seeing that we are climbing the Rockies,' immediately den my over- coat and cap,—as it is pretty cold, and get out on the platform of the car so as to get a better view of things, and Was enjoying myself immensely taking in the sights. We had passed the 13anff hot springs in the night to my sorrow, as I should have liked to have seen the place. The first place I SAW in the mountains was Lag- pan, close to Mount Stephen, where we see the first glaciers and in twenty minutes we pass that mountain which is the summit of the Rockies. The scenery now makes you gaze open mouthed, awe struck, at the ter- rible height of the mountain on the left,and we shudder as we see the river on the right in the valley, a thous- and feet below us. All around can be seen scores of peaks. On the slope of Mount Stephen on its shoulder, almost overhead, we can see the shining green ice of a glacier, supposed te be 800 feet thick, which is slowly pressing forward over the steep cliff,. The glacier looked as if it were on fire when the sun shone on it. The train stopped a little further on at Field. Here we have a chance to stretch our limbs and look around for forty minutes.and thea gives us a chance to replenish our lunch baskets. At Field is to be seen a charming little h ate!— the Mount Steehen House—managed by the railway company. It is situated at the base of Mount Stephen and facing Mount Field. This is one of the prettiest places in the Rockies; as you look down the valley you have a goad view of the Ottertail Mountains and, on the right the Tan Horne range. The forty minutes' grace are tip, and the train moves on, and soon we cross a bridge that spans the Ottertail river—l think—that flows down the western slopes of Kicking Horse Pens and rushes into the lower Kicking llorse carillon. Now and again we se. streams of water rushing over the sides of the mountains which dazzle our eyes, as the sun shines on them. When we get out of the pass we are in the cainjon, and here we see the running at is tremendous speed, twisting and twirling below, and with the roar of the water and train com- bined we are nearly deafened. Suddenly we are out of the caution and Golden is reached on the Columbia River. This is a mining town, as we can see the mines plainly along the track now and again. There are see's: ral geld and silver mines in this district. The rivee is navigable and steamers run weekly to Kootenay Valley another great mining district. The next place we stop at is Donald, and here we have the Pacific time, so I have to pat my watch back two hours since leaving Winnipeg. The Selkirk Mountains are separated from the Rockies hereby the Columbia River and we are soon across it and into the gorge. The railway now appears to be on shelves, as it clings to the sides of the moon- taine, and it would make you shiver to look down below. As we leave the gorge behind we are amoae the Selkirk Mountains ; and again we are surrounded by high peaks. The mountains are all covered with great spruce, fir, and cedar trees, and above the clouds we can see the tops covered with snow. The cascades we pass now look splendid, as the water dashes in a white foam below. The track along here runs pretty steep, 116 feet to the mile, and I believe the company had a pretty hard time in building their line here, owing to the water rushing down the slopes into the narrow gorges,through which the railroad is built. Soon we are crossing over the cantilever bridge bich spans Stoney Mashonas, a large but feeble Bantu nation, represent- Creek. This bridge is 295 feet eeeive the creek, and it Mg the aboriginal element in the region between the makes us shudder to think what a smash we sheuld have Limpopo and the Zambesi, but during the present cen- if we slipped the track here. tury driven by the intruding Metal-ells to the hilly We are now in time most dangerous parts of the northern plateau, which from them takes the name of mountains for we are going thrsugh numerous snow Mashonaland, and which is now being occupied by sheds that are built over the track. These Save the British settlers under the Chartered South Africa Corn- company a ereat expensteand prevent the track from pany. The Mashonas have eagerly accepted the British getting blocked. When there is a snow slide, it glides protectorate as their best defence against the pluederine over the shed. amid into the valley below, not touching Matabili hordes; hut, being regarded by the Waal-ens as the track in the least,and I don't think the biggest snow their legitimate prey, the standing feud between the two slide iinaeined could dislodge them. At we go through peoples has already brought the white settlers into colli- Rcesers Pass. between Hermit mnuntain and Macdonald Arm with the Matabili, and the settlement will continue mountain, the sides of which are bare and etraight as to he threatened by these fierce Zulu warriors until their an arrow, we wonder how it is tle.y don't topple inward, military organisation is broken. The Mashonas are It is supposed these two mountaine were once united, themselves an inoffensive, industrious people, who till and split apart by an eruption or something, and barely their lands with great care, raise cotton crops, with I left room for the railway to creep between. Leaving which they spin and weave coarse textiles, show much the Pass, we soon arrive at the Op of the Selkirks. Here skill in basket-work and in the manufacture of iron Iwe See the Great Glacier, a great mass of ice on the implements. They have also long worked in a primitive I mountains' extending as far as the eye can reach. The way at the rich alluvial and quartz gold digginee of the mountain, Sir Donald, is now seen and is said to rise plateau ; hut they have been greatly reduced by the 100 re than a mile and a half above the track and almost periodical raids of the Matabili, their number having straight. A little further west of the Great Glaeier.:sre fallen from about 400,000 to 100,000 during the last few come to the Loopoo called,heeaUse ef the curious way the decades. The most comprehensive acnounts of the !line runs to get to the bottom of the cainjon. As we look Mashonas are those of Montagu Kerr and F. C. Seim.— down below we can see thsta Maks eirelieg below us " Cassell'a storehouaeofcieneral Information."

_

On Bank Holiday the Athletic members and their friends of the Warrington and Wigan Postal Staffs met at Wigan for the purpose of having a friendly football match. The visiting contingent from War- rington arrived about two o'clock and at ,once ad- journed to the scene of mimic warfare, the football field. The teams were as follows :—W arrington— goal, Wrench ;Backs. Goodfellow and Dykes ; half backs : Reynolds, Hewitt, Oxley ; forwards, McDonald, Gardner, Bennion, Hallows, and Jones. Wigan—Goal, John Marsh ; Backs, Brindle and Charnock ; half backs, Langton, Morgans, Edgar; forwards Lyons, Ciayton, Urinston, Lonsdsle, Meadow. Wigan won the toss,and kicked off. Even play for the first ten minutes even- tually resulted in a spirited rush by the Wiganers on the opposing custodian. However a barren corner caused the return of the ball to midfield when a fine bit of combination on the part of the forwards gain caused pressure in the Warringtonians territory, and the ball was put outside. The tributary of this Douglas now became a factor in the game, for it overflowed its banks, and wasted its waters and sweet- ness (!) in several of the hollow spots on the field, thus making the " going " very heavy an the ball's motion rather erratic. Several players appe'ared to rather like it, judging from the amount of mud adhering to them. R. Urmston after some tine play, in which the ball was taken well up the lield,put the ball just over the bar. The kick out relieved the visitors' anxiety. Wigan again pressed, some fine back play being exhibited by both home and visiting backs. A corner to Warrington re- sulted in the bell takiag another trip up the field, and after a most exciting bit of play Langton struck the post with a " beauty." The ball was now put through by Charnock from a free kick, but the ball, however, not being played, no goal resulted. The game having been very fast up to this a little rtrategy was adopted by each side, and kicking out became quite fashionable for a time. The desire to shine, however, got the better of this, and thee visitors came down with a rush, which was stopped by Brindle. Some very fine play on the left wing by the visiting for- wards was checked by Lyons, and the honnesters began to press once more. But the " sphere " could not be put through the space provided for it. Half time arrive& with no score to either side. Upon the game being resumed the visitors went of with a rattle and McDonald missed a beauty right in the goal mouth. They kept up the pressure for some time but the back play was too good to be trifled with and Brindle putting in a splendid run placed the ball in a dangerous position for the visi- tors' citadel. After some even play a most exciting run was . put in by the borne team, but Lonadale failed to score. A desperate scrimmage, right in front of goal, eventually proved the downfall of the visitors, the winning shot fallitc( to I.lrinstion just seven minutes before time. The game now became very fast, but claims for hands against both sides gave relief. Event- ually Wigan were returned as winners Of a very fast and exciting game by one goal to nil. After the football match the members and friends adjourued to Mr. H. Harrison's "'I he Honeysuckle " Poolstock, where 57 sat down to an excellent dinner, to which ample justice was done. The cloth being removed the usual loyal and patriotic- toasts were given, and responded to, and an excellent programme of " Music, mirth, and mimicry "was given by the following. Selec- tion from " Bohemian Girl " Messrs. Wilfrid and Wal- ter Chamberlain; toast ."The Queen " proposed by Mr. Heaton. Mr. James Edgar next gave a song" Me Heart bowed down." 'then followed the toast by Mr. T. Gerrard, "The President," who in a very apt and appro- priate speech showed bow and why the president was so highly esteemed, both by the club and the oficials gen- erally. The toast was ably responded to by Mr. Char- nock the captain of the club. After this Mr. Butler sang The Diver." The visitors were next "toasted "by Mr. Butler who in a very short speech expressed his satisfaction at the manner in which the visitors played. The toast was responded to by Mr. Goodfellow captain of the Warrington team. Mr. Siinm then in his usual jolly manner gave the assembly a treat with his snag, " You that are married." The" Wolf" was very ably rendered by Mr. R. Heaton, who in response to a raost enthusiastic encore gave "The Village Blacksmith." The selection " Alice where art , thou:" was given by Messrs. Wilfrid and Walter Chan-. berlain. The toast," Our Football Club," was ?ropf.,sed. Mr. J. Oniens who spoke ol the pride 'eirUcfi he took in the same. He spoke of the gm:at-benefits derived from manly exercise in the sAnape of football. This was res- ponded to by Mr. trindle. Ur. Goodfellow, of War- rington, recite,d " A dry subject." Next followed a song by M. K. Ileaton, " Father O'Flynn" which was en- cored most enthusiastically. A violin solo given by Wilfrid Chamberlain followed by the song " There is a }lower that bloometh," by Mr. John Kellett There were afterwards submitted a song " A Medley," Mr. Clayton ; song, "They're after me," by Mr. Emson, of Warrington, which was greatly enj eyed ; violin solo, " Guillatne Tell " (by special desire), Mr. Wilfrid Cham- berlain accompanied on the piano by Mr. Walter Cham- berlain ; song, " The parson and the clerk," by Mr. G. B. Chamberlain, which created great laughter : piano solo, "Thee Lays of Argyle," by Mr. W. Chamberlain. Theusual vote of thanks and" Auld Lang Syne,"brought an enjoyable evening to a close. The company then made their way to the station accompanied by the greater part of the Wigan officials. Cheers and counter cheers were given and it was altogether an exemplification of "After the ball."

-4.-- •

===== 0002601_18931230_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
, MASHONAS.

touching the re. Ica,' hen spanning the crevices,and when we are at the bottom we look up and see the other tracks, and wonder how the train managed to get down there. Coining out if the carnim we are amongst the mines again, arid we see the enormous trees for which British Columbia is well known. Seen we get tired of the mountains and turn in for the night, but not to sleep much, as the cars roll worse than ever, and we are run- ning over dangerous places. Next morning (Thursday), when I turn out I see the Fraser River. well known for its salmon; which we cross. The scenery around here is beautiful, lsut we cannot take much interest in it as we are busy packing up and getting ready to leave the cars. At Mission Juaction we change cars, and as some of our riends go south from here, we say goodbye and the train takes us westward. We see now numerous tree stumps of enormous size all along the. track, and at noon the train arrives in Vancouver. On leaving the train, all is hurry and bustle to reach the steamboat which we have to take to carry us over to Victoria,the capital of British Columbia, situated on Vancouver Island. We have a pretty rough time crossing the bay,and it makes some of the passengers look rather sheepish over the sides of the steamer. At eight o'clock at night, we reach Victoria, and we could see they had had a snow storm, and As it was now raining, it was not fit to move around. If you did, you would get over the shoe, tops in water. There was nothing for it hut to take a cab to get to the steamer,that ran between Victoria and Seattle, and with the driver putting on speed we managed to catch the steamboat as she was ready to put out of the 'do3k. Next morning (Friday) we find ourselves at Seattle, on Uncle Sam's territory, completely tired out, and hav- ing secured furnished rooms, we settled ourselves down for a good rest, as we had no desire to look around the city that day. The next day we looked around and found that the city is rather a pretty looking place. It is situate on the hill side, facing the sound (Poiget Sound). Numerous steamboats run from here to differ- ent cities along the coast, and ships enter from all parts and there is always a fair amount of shipping in the docks. They have splendid cable cares here for climbing the steep hills, and au excellent electric street car ser- vice. I find times rather dull here at present, as it is throuehout the United States.ancl will be until the tariff questien is finished with. The climate is very mild ; it rains on an averaee of four days in the week, but you can always see the green grass, that's one blessing. I don't know if I shall settle down hero or not, but I will try it for awhile, and if it agrees with my health, and there is plenty of work here, I may stay. I would then see what difference there is under the Stars and Stripes and the Union Jkck. _ _

Mr. Editor, lam eur! am tilting' up too much spice in your paper, which I receive every week from home ; but nevertheless I hope you will publish this letter, arid I hope that iny friends will not criticise the way it is com- posed, as I don't profess to be anything at this kind of work. My wife and I are in good health at present, so I guess now Iliad better conclude, wishing you the coin- Orients of the season, and also all my old friends in Warrington, the same Iron an old Warringtonian.

- JAS. G. HOWARD. Formerly of Winwick-road, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND WIGAN POSTAL

OFFICIALS RE-UNION.

SPEAKMAN OF WIINCOTii.

DEATH AND FUNERAL OF MR. T. W.

Mr. Thomas Wright Speakman, eldest son of Mr. Philip Speakman, J.P., C.C., died at the residence of his parents, The Mount, Higher Runcorn, about half past seven on Christmas night. Eleven weeks ago, Mr. Speakman was laid prostrate by an attack of typhoid fever, of a very severe type: When this disease. had been successfully battled with, other complications ensued; and despite the skilful and assiduous attentions of Dr. McDougall, who had the benefit of consultations with Dr. Glynn, of Liverpool, and the most patient nursing; he passed away at the time stated. The name of Speakman is a household word in Runcorn, and when the news of the mournful event became circulated on Tuesday morning the deepest sympathy was expressed for'the bereaved parents and relatives. Mr. and Mrs. Speakman have heen the recipients Of hundreds of letters of condolence ,couched in terms calculated to assuage the poignancy of their grief. Although only in his 32nd wear, Mr. Speak- man had achieved a reputation in commercial circles throughout the country of which a much older and ex- perienced man might have been proud. After complet- ing his education at the Liverpool Institute, Mr. Speak- man.was placed at a desk in his father's office, and dis- played an aptitude for business that caused him to be given a partnership in the firm some years later. The firm then assumed the title of Messrs. P. Speakman and Son. He entered into the business with all the ardour of his energetic nature, and the already extensive field of the firm's operations, was widened and extended, and the ramifications af the business spread throughout the United Kingdom and Ireland. His honesty and integ- rity, and straightforward dealing, combined with much tact and a; genial disposition made him highly popular with those with whom he came in contact; and as be- fore remarked, he had an enviable reputation in com- mercial circles. y the employers of the Arm, he was held in high respect and esteem, and by his death they have lost a kind and considerate master. In private he was held in the highest regard, and was blessed by an extensive circle of friends. Unlike his father who devotes much of his valuable time in work for the pnblic weal, Mr." Tom" took no part whatever in public life, but he was an active worker in the church. For some years be had identified himself with St. Michael's church and he had held the office of vicar's warden for the past two years. He was also a manager of Newtown School. That a young man of such capabi- lities, at d with such a proaperous career in prospect, should have been cut oft in his early manhood is a loss to the community and a sad blow to those near and dear to him.

The funeral took place on Thursday, and throughout the town there were many tokens of mourning. Flags were flying half mast on numerous buildings, and the windows of tradesmen's shops and of large numbers of private houses. were darkened. Shortly before one o'clock the procession left The Mount. In front walked mem- bers of theßoard of Commissioners, the School Board, Burial Board, tradesmen, friends, and the representa- tives of commercial undertakings, from far and near,the office staff of the firm' the workmen and the employes en the Aston estate. Following was the doctor's carri- age. containing Dr. McDougall and the Rev. Thomas Wilkes (Superintendent Wesleyan minister), and then all eyes were turned on the hearse, through the open sides of which could be seen the handsome oak coffin, with' its panels of silver furniture. the lid being hidden beneath beautiful floral emblems. The roof of the hearse was one mass of lovely bloom, formed into wreaths, crosses, anchors, and other symbols. Following were tour coaches. In the first were Mr. Philip Speakman, J.P., CC. (father) and Messrs. Ernest, Eaton, and Charley Speakman (brothers) ; in the second coach were Messrs. J. J. Speakman and Aoraham Speak- man (uncles), Thomas Wright (Halton) and Themes Lewis; in the third, Messrs. C. Baguley, J. Rothwell, W. Read, and James Ward; and in the fourth, Messrs. Vietor Douetil (brother-in-law), W. A. Stearns, C. B. Barlow' and J. R. Wylde. Then came the private car- riage of Mr. Fairhurst senior, «of Warringten, by whom it was occupied. He was accompanied by his son Mr. F. Fairhurst. The rear was brought up by Mr. Speakman's closed carriage drawn by a pair of horses. On arriving at St. Michael's church, the cortege was met at the en- trance gate by the Vicar,the Rev. Canon Maitland Wood, and the Revs. aE. Seeley, A. J. Jameson and G. F. Montgomery together with the surpliced choir and Mr. W. Cropper, churchwarde n,and Messrs. Peacock, Wes- ton, Sherlock, Clark, and Blundell. sidemen. The coffin was borne into the sacred edifice on the shoulders of four old servants, namely, Means. U. Caunce, .1, Clarke, W. Parker, and J. Barker; and preceding,walked the clergy and choir, solemnly chanting the portion of Scripture commencing "I am the resurrection and the life, saith the Lord." A crowd of nearly a thousand watched these proceedings from Greenway-road, and a large congre- gation assembled in the church, „where the service was impressively spoken by the Rev: A. J. Jameson. The hymn" Let the sons on earth in concert sing" was sung, and also " Onward Christian Sildiers," as a recessional hymn. At the conclusion of this service, the procession re-formed and proceeded to the graveside, where the - Vicar performed the last sad rites, and the choir sang "Now the labouree's task is o'er." , Amongst those noticed in the procession were Messrs. James Pritchard.T. Handley, W. Handley, J. W. Light- burn, Arthur Timmins, Walter Timmins, E. W. Hum- phreys,. Bisbrown,Joseph Pritchard, Samuel Coventry, J. B. Holland, Crrice, Joseph Morrison (district manager U.A. Company), T. Clarkson (chief accountant U.A. Company), Colonel Ashton (inag,strates' clerk). Roscoe Brunner trepresenting Mr. .1. T.Brunner M.p.), Joseph R. Burrows (representing Mr. W. R. Tomlinson M.P., and Mr. Walter Simpson, of Wigan) J. E. Long- shaw (Runcorn Football Club), G. Summerlield (repre- senting the managers of Newtown Schoel),W. Mellor. J. , J. W. Potter, F. J. Norman, A. R. Norman, Henry White, J. Woad, Dr. MacKenzie. Moss (clerk to School Board), W. E. Callender, Thomas Glover, Captain Bowlande. G. F.. rooke, (station master), W. Ebbrell, E. Newton, John Temperley, Jones„ J. E. Meredith, Oswald Kellett (Liverpoel). J. Welsh, (Welsh and Parkinson, Liverpool).l. Bnote, W. Harris. The Contributors of f.ral emblems were :—Mr. and Mrs. Speakman (parents), Mr. and Mrs. Douetil (brother-in- law and sister). Mr. and Mrs, Ernest Speakman' Mr. Eaton, and Mr. Charles Speakman (brothers), Miss Speakman (sister). Misses A. Dodd, A. Harrison, L.. Fitton, and A. Dumbell, (servants at the Mount), the men servants at the Mount, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Speak- man, Mr. and the Misses Speakman (Stanley Villas),Mr.. and Mrs. Abraham Speakman (Leig)i), Naneibel, Mary, ' mind Dot and Mr. Alfred Stearns (Twickenham), Mr. and Mrs. A. Stearns (Kensington), NU. W. E. M. Tomlinson, M.P. (London), Mr. Walter Simpson (Wigan), Mr. and Mrs. Arnold (Hatnpstead), Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Norman, Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Norman, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Tim- misa.Mr. Walter rimmins, Mr. and Mrs. Dal Davies (Carnarvon). Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Davies, Mr. Arthur ,Linaker,Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Ligletburn, Mr. John Simp- son' Mr. and Mrs. JILIa.PS Littler (all of Runcorn), Mr. and Mrs. Watts (Hartford), Mr. and Mrs. John Garnett (Aintree), Mrs. Lewis (Chester), Mr. and Mrs. Widdnws .(Staleybridge), Mr. and Mrs. Wild (Prescot), Mr. Alfred Rowlands (Liverpo )1), Mr. Smith (Aston Gardens),, Mr. 'and Mrs, Tomlinson (Aston), and Mr. C. R. H. Harrison (Runtorn), church wardens, St. Michael's (Runcorn), officers St. Michaels (Runcorn), the railway staff ißurte corn station), and the employes of the firm of Meeks. Speakman and S2n,, Joliz,ttle and Geo. 811:70,,ekr. P. Richard meeblens of High-ste caViied. -ott."-ihe duties of Weit".ia'ker. The vault, which is in the consecratreci por- tion of the cemetery, wee built by Mr. Thos.das. Kirk- bnm, who-also made the coffin.

===== 0002601_18931230_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. GLADSTONE'S BIRTHDAY.

Mr. Gladstone yesterday completed his eighty-fourth year, having been born in Liverpool on Dec. 29, 1809. The executive of the Midlothian Liberal Association has • forwarded to the Premier a resolution in which they congratulate him on attaining, another anniversary of his birthday. They express their obligation to him for representing the county, and refer to the highly distin- guished Ministry he formed. The resolution expressed their warmest wishes that Mr. Gladstone may for many years occupy his high position and pass measures for the public good. There are two older members of the House of Commons, Mr. C. P. Villiers, who was born in 1802, and is therefore ninety-one years of age, and Sir Isaac Holden, who was born in 1107. and is now eighty-six. Of these three. Mr. Gladstone was the first to enter Parliament. He was returned for Newark in 1832,, and in 1834 took office as a Junior Lord of the Tr‘asury. Downing-street presented far more than its usual animation yesterday, on ths anniversary of the Premier's birthday. Not only was the Mail bag an exceptionally heavy one, but telegraph messengers, frequently with batches f telegrams, succeeded each other with bewildering rapidity in their journeys to Mr. Gladstone's house. The Central News is informed that among those who have sent their con- gratulations are the Queen, the Prince and Prin- cess of %Vales, anti tha prominent stat,,sinen of both , political parties. Mr. Gladstone has also received many touching messages from America and the Continent, several European political leaders being amongst those who have sent their hearty good wishes. The Premier rose early yesterday morning, and in the best of health Be attended to his voluminous correspondence after breakfast, and met his colleagues at noon in the Council 'Chamber, when he was profoundly affected by the warmth with which he was greeted. Mr. &ladstone, accompanied by Mrs. Gladstone, went for a drive in the park in an open carriage before going down to the House, and on their arrival in Palace-yard they were loudly cheered by a large crowd who had awaited their appearance. Both looked quite well. OVATION IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Mr. Gladstone entered the house during question time, looking extremely well and wearing a rose sur- rounded with lilies of the valley in his coat. The appear- ance of the righ:: hon. gentleman was the signal for a hearty demonstration, all the Ministerialists and Irish Nationalists rising in their places attA 0112trittg loudly, 1

PROPOSED NEW AB ATTOI R FOR . ST.

HELENS.

-- Dr. Robertson, assistant medical officer. reported to the St. Helens Health Committee on Wednesday on the slaughter-house accommodation of the borough. Daring the year there had been an increase in the number of animals killed in the Corporation Abattoir, which. caused great incon- venience to butchers, many of whom nail to kill during the night. In 1892 tbe number killed via 959" while up to the present in 1893 there had been 1,325 beasts killed. Durimr the last five weeks the numbers had been 50, 38,3. 49 and 82 respect' YelY• In order to remedy this tempmarily. in. Al... Nested that one of the slaughter-houses belonging to Mr. Bailey h" """te'i (the latter being wilting) at £2O per annum; bull to renew'''. the condition permanently it would he necessary fur the Corporation to acquire new premisee. tie silizgesreil that a nuilding he erected whims would "11',1•1** "411. "t six butchers to kill at the same time. A suitsble site could be obtained in Foundry-street. The building would be central tor the butchers, and it would be away from any diwelling-house,—The Chairman (Counipllor Forster) thought the best plam would be to take Bailey's premises, and instruct the surveyor to prepare plans for the erection of a new building. Dr. Robertson said they had a certain number of men licensed to kill at the Cor- poration Slaughter-housa, and they were killing more beasts than there was accommodation for. He thought the tendency in St. Helens was to have home-killed meat.—Aiderrnan J. C. Gamble said the town was increasing, and they would have to do somethilig.—lt was decided to take the premises of Mr. Bailey for twelve months, and the surveyor was instructed to Prepare plans for a new building.

RVNCORN, S.A.TUTIDAX. -Fresh butter is sa and Cs Od Fe - lb.; fresh eggs, 6 for Is ; fowl, 39 Od to Gs Od per :ample; duckl• 64 Od per cout•le ; geese Os to d per lb. • mt.', eys • s to Os Od per lb. ; beef, 84 per lb.; mutton. 80 to 2 Perl•o_," por•, (d to BSd per lb. ; lamb Ild to Od per lb. : Tral Od to Van. per lb. ; potatoes, 5s Od to Os Od per load. Cheese Thd per lb. - - -

. WIDNES, SATURDAY.—Fresh. butter, Is 44 (end N Orl p:t! lb.; fresh eegs, 8 for ls ; fowl., 30 Oct to Os per couple ; Os Oct to Os per couple ; geese, d per lb, ; beef. MA to Oct lb. ; mutton ad to 6d per lb. ; pork, 9d to Od per lb. ; yea. Od to Id per lb.. ;'lamb. Oct per lb. ; potatoes per load,. kg ed. - - - -

MARKETS. WARRINGTON MARKE r.—WEDNE9DAY, DEC. 27ra. FRUIT, VliGh TA I'LE '-'OULT 'Y, BUTCHERS', ANO FISHSIONOERS TABLE. B. d. a. ,I, e. d. S. d• Beef, Eng.,' lb 0 sfto 0 9 Melon, each .- 0 8-0 2 Lamb., „ -0 10 Oranges, each, 0 0- 0 1 Mutton „ Veal „ „ 0 6- 0 9 Pears 0 2- 0 3 Pork „„ 1 06-0 9 Apricots each 10- 0 10 Pork sides 04—0 0 e rrots per lb ... 00- 0 1 : cured 0 6- 0 0 Cauliflowers ... 0. 4 - 0' 0 Wh ,le. pigs„ ec 9' 6-9 e Cucumie•rs each° 4 06' these , - 0 11 Cabbages each 0 Z- 0 / N.w s tt4ouple 4. 6-0 O Tomstoes V' lb ') 0- 0 la Chickens - 0 0 Filberts lb 0 8-0• 0 Dud ks „ - 0 0 Spanish Onions 0 0-0 0 Iteohits - 0 2 Hares. each ... 4 6 -0 0 Asparagui e IMO 0-0 0 Pigeons,, - 0 0 Potatoes to load 3 0-4- .0 Pare Idgebrace 4 0,- 0 0 ' New potatoes,, 0 0 0 V Grouse ~ -0 0 Mushro Ins wrbo 0-0 2 Pheasam or -5 0 Green Peas iff lb a o— a 6 Turkey 0 10-'- 0 0 Butter, Trash is 1 4-1 6. Green ;'prouts M 0 3-0- t Hen e,.gs 6& 7 1 0-0 0 B ens, kidney ts 0 2- 0. 3 Duck „ 0 0-0 0 Pomewanates... 0 1-0 0 Apples In - 0 3 Walnuts „ ...... 0 0- 0 0 Onions „ 'l 1- 0 2' Lemons „ ...... 0 I'o a Grapes „ • 0 0- 1 0 Che se fine - 73 0 Pine Apple eacho 0- 5 0 „ good 6O 0 - 65,0 Greengages 7noo -0 4 - ordinary 48 0-55 0' Ci erries , ...... 00- 0 0 Lo'..ster 7is --0 6 Strambertles „ 0 0- 0 0 Turbot „ ...._ 1 4-0 0 Damsons „ ~ 0 2- 0 0 S Oman „ - 1 ft Plums „ 0 0- 0 d Whit ngs ....- 0 6-0 0 Gooseberries „ 0 0- 0 0 Flukes „ - 0 6 Rasp. erries „0' 0- 0 0 Eels „ „ - 0 0 Black Currants 0 0- 0 0 Soles „ ,; - 1 0 Red Currants 0 0- 0' 0. Sparlings Marrows each. 0' 0-0' 4 Codfish ~ Setk ale w m 0 0- 0' a Matta erel each 0 0'- 0 0 Rhubarb bch 0 s=o t Herrings V &men r 6 -,0 0

as WO SPEAKM&N.—On Christmas night, in lie 32nd year w- age. Thomas Wright Speakman,. eldest and dearly be son Of Philip Speakman Esq- JW.. C.C., and Saralkosp) Speakman, of he Mount, Hlgter Runcorn, of the firm of Philip Spealcma and Sons, of Enne, o_lld, 4, Harrington-st., Liverpool, (keel ly regretted. 11,47)"— Runcorn Cemetery, Dec. 28th, 1293.

cazil Warrlngtoss.—Printed and Yt.*Ashen by Jogs' tree.v at The Itzannteer Genemt, Printing Works.. and Published also at "fte, h'iyArnir er ()filers. Viocch'-; St Winstss ; High-strbosit. RUNiri7.l ; and 33. NIZI.v-t..itteet, V.A.r.taiTawN* 30% 182,11

===== 0002601_18931230_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
, tOLD_sTREET WESLEYAN CHAPEL, WARRINGTON. ' To-monßow (SUNDAY), DITEATIMR 31ST. Rev. Pi..TRIt MACKIINZIII at 10.30 and 6.30. "ATCHNIGHT 51410,1,114 at 10.30 p.m. Solo : Miss Bodle. mo Addresses : Rev. J. Kirtlan and Mr. W. Hickman. NA.Y. JANUARY 1, 1894, Rev PETER MACKIINZIE, will lecture on "The Nameless Prophet of Judah, and his Wonderltil II ist,lry." tor. John Bartley will take the chair at 7.30. Silver collection. "AY. JANUARY Bth, Annual Simday EChOut TEA and Concert.

8 NTANCITESTER Sniff' CANAL. Is.l';'. TUNG S FltoM. LATCHFORD LOCKS NEAR WAR- E.... GTON, to' juia in Opening PrPet'SSioll, the Liverpool w7,!•_ra Tug Compan. Limite t, have arranged to place their Prs.k"wn " DES- ]) xett n:P or other Steamers at Lat,....hfotcl Lo ks, on the 31st Passenger Steamers ' TOILER" and it,LeeMber. ready to sail at 9-30 a.m. on Oct JANUARY, and Pe ol'ening Procession (weather and o her circumstances tror,„—Vng) This will be most convenient for passengers +Want! I owns. . TVJ,,,° to Manchester 2s. 6d. Children Half Price. It 'ETS on BOARD. Light Betroth:meets of Best Qual- -------Y"nd at Modsnate Charges. ------

-- W22—"G RINGS.—PURE GUINEA. GOLD value 1---cait AT WEDDING RINGS. Largest Stock and best .11 the town or district. Sold by weight from 75 65 t . o kwri:ll size. and shapes. including the Round and Half- in stock. Finger size cards post free. .431)A. KUSTA.NCK, THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43. SANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON. NAL—Private Room for fitting. ESTABLISHED. U 64. _

_ 110 MAS COWI)E LL. ESTATE AGENT, 1, MILL-ST., MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. ARents collected in Town or Country. Rent to Royal and Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Companies.

THOMAS FRAIN, RENT and DSTST COLLECTOR, House, Estate, and General Commission Agent, mg 39, GLADSTONE STREET. WARRINGTON. CountrB AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or .Y.-DEBTS PURCHASED References and Terms application. Communications.prornptlx attended to.

CHRISTMAS SEASON, 1893-4. WT . WOODS & SON, WATCHMAKERS. JEWELLERS. AND SILVERSMITHS. SANKEY-ST. AND CORPORATION-ST., WARRINGTON. A.NINUAL CHRISTMAS SALE COMMENCING WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6TH, AND DURING CHRISTMAS SEASON. SPECIAL DHCOTINT OF 2s. IN THE FOR CASH.

• pUPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. C T. EGGINGTOWS Improved liffectual TRUSS tor Cure of Rupture ; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Trues and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 t 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- .ton-road, Manchester.

110ROIJOI1 OF WIDNES.--The Corporation are J 3 prepared to receive LOANS at 3i per cent. per annum for a term of years, or at 3 per cent. repayable at six months notice.—Applications to S. IIovLE, Borough Accountant, Town Ball. Widne2. It. S. OPPENIIBIM. Town Clerk.

ONEY LENT ON PHOTOGRAPHIC GOODS, DIAMONDS, ' JEWELLERY & SILVER PLATE. W. JACKSON, 71. OXFORD-ST MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1860. WILL BUY OR EXCHANGE CURIOS, DIAMONDS, OLD GOLD. AND SILVER ; HIGHEsT PRICES. W. JACKSON, PAW N BRo KER. 71, OXFORD-ST., MANCHESTER.

DINGING.—Class for J3eionnera and Advanced (after Pupils daily noon and evening); Priv. te Lessons and Practice with lady assistants at any hour; complete system of instruction. Adults wh 1 have never learned to dance thoroughly taught ; age immaterial ; proficiency guaranteed ; professional lessons given ; Skirt Dances; Fancy Dances ; folanthe ; the Barn Dance, and all latest novelties ; Schools anti Farnalies attended ; fees moderate. Pro-pectus containing full lartiCUtar6 on application. Tim MANCHESTER ACADEMY Ot DANCING, Thornlelgh, 68, Upper Brook-street, Manchester. Principals t Mr. and Mrs GEORGE ALBXANDRR.

MR. and MRS. SPEAKMAN, of "The Mount," Higher Runcorn, TENDER THEIR SIN- CERE THANKS to the host of friends for the kindly sympathy they•have extended to them in their bereavement by the death of their eldest son.

-- TUE TABLEAUX VIVANTS given by Miss PIRRPOINT and her Pupils, re- ulted in the receipt of £2l 15s. 5d The expenses amount t • £l3 Os. 5d., leaving a balance of £lllss. This is be:ng distributed as follows To the Poor P.-eple's Beef Tea Fund, £2 2s. ; to be rAurned to Miss Pierpolnt for the Nurse Fund. £3 3s. ; and the re- mainder £6 10., to the Runcorn Relief Fund. J. B. HOLLAND, Treasurer. AV. T. CROSBY, Secretary. Runcorn. December 28th, 1893.

NATA R INGTON CONCENTRATED MANURE. Agent ; Mr. JOSEPH TAYLOR, Lion Hotel, War- rington, who will attend the Warrington, tiorthwich Ches- ter, and Knutsford M rkets. AU orders promptly executed. Analysis and testimonials on application.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Heed Office : 168, ISLINGTON-SQUARE, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable Os Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 31. £5O, „ 20s. „ :, £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. „ £6 16s. Od. ALESC. GORDON. Manager.

A CCID ENT S WILL HAPPEN. Lis- TUB RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO.. C' The old-st and largest.") Ilas Sille6 1349 pal for ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS £3,200100. Established 1849. Rt. Hon EVELYN ASHLEY, Chairman 64, Cornhill, London. W' D' "SY' }Seers A. VIAN, taries AGENTS P7arrington .................. ... Mr. C J. HOLMES, Market Gate. ..................... Mr. W.H. RIGSBY, Central Station. St. Helens... ............. ..Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street. Knutsforcl .................................. FINLOWMr. ALFRED E. CUTTER. rpHE NEWTON IMPROVEM ENT COMM-I-S- -EIONERS HEREBY GIVE NOTICE that the New Town Hall, Earlestown. IS NOW OPEN DAILY, for the conducting of their business, and that the Assembly and ad- joining rooms may be let for Entertainments, ac„ on terms which may be obtained on application. R. BRIERL EY, CE., Clerk and Surveyor. New Town Hall, Earlestown, Newton-le-Willows, Dec. 21st. 1893.

• COUNTY OF CHESTER. , LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT, 1888. ALL PERSONS RESIDENT within the County of Chester and requiring LICENSES for Dogs Carriages Killing Game Armorial Bearings Guns Male Servants are requested, in order that this County may have the benefit thereof, to take out such Licenses at Yost Offices or Inland Revenue Offices within this County, and not elsewhere. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Cheshire County Council. Chester. 13th December, 1893.

COUNTY OF CHESTER, TO WIT. I\TOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next 1.11 GENERAL. QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said County. on MONDAY, the Ist day of January next, at Half-past Eleven o'ciwok in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empan- nelled. De hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eddisbury, Nantvrich, and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners com- mitted from such Hundreds, will take place at such See- The Grand and Petty Jury for the Chester Dis- trict must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the Ist day of January nExt, at Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Fore- noon- THE Court will be Adjourned to the Court House, Nether Koutsford, on WEDNESDAY, the 3rd day of January next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Bucklow, Macclesfield, and Northwich, brming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners com- mitted Boni the last-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Knutsford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the 3rd day of January next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk ot the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, llth December, 1893.

GARLAND'S.- Telephone 79. 2 I I SPECIAL OFFER. EXTRAORDINARY VALUE. 91/ SHEFFIELD CUTLERY AND pLATE. One Pair of white handle Carvers, One Table Steel to match, g Six Table Knives, -a Six Dessert Kniv• s, o Two Table Spoons, Nickel silver. 2. Six Table Forks. Do. Do. '3 Six Dessert Sp, ons, Do. Do. Six Dessert Forks, Do. Do. Six Tea Spoons, • Do. Do. It Six Egg Spoons, Do. Do. 17; Two Sale Spoons, Do. Do. ▪ One Mustard Spoon, Do. Do. One Pair of Sugar Tongs, Do. Do. One Sugar Spoon. Do. Do. One Handsome Bread Knife. 52 Articks of guaranteed quality and finish, neatly boxed, cost free to any address.—GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge- at.. Warrington. Our extensive Show Rooms are now open to the public for Iripeciton. SPECIAL DISCOUNT OF 10 PER CENT. for cash howed upon Electro Plate Cutlery, Brass Suites, Coal Vases, !sc. Floor Lamps from 255., complete.

HALL'S MY HATTER. NEW SHAPES, NEW STYLES, AT LOWEST PRICES FOR THE AUTUMN. HATS AND CAPS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Can be obtained at HALL'S NOTED HAT SHOP, 1. MARKET GAT% WARRINGTON.

TILE MANCHESTER CLOTIIING DEPOT 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON. EXTENSIVE ALTERATION AND IMPROVEMENT OF PREMISES. THE M.C.D. are now displaying in their NEW AND MAGNIFICENT RANGES, a greater variety than ever of THE LATEST PRODUCTION in MEN'S YOUTHS' tv.d BOYS' OVERCOATS. A FEW LEADING LINES ARE MEN'S Donble-Breasted MUNSTEES or GREATCOATS (Lined Wool). MEN'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS or GREATCOATS (for Travelling) MEN'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS or GREA.TCOATS (with or without 2l/ belts) . TO 50/- 21/ TO 50/ lanfidHseaeryyv sWaooc I ZIEZES, Cheviots, MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS,. with Velvet Collars, (Long Lengths) MEN'S ChesterfiEld OVERCOATS,. with Velvet Collars (Short Lengths) FROM 18/6 FROM 18/6 In the Special Diagonal Serges. In Choice Hopson Serges. In the New Kyrle Serges. MARVELLOUS VALUE. MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS, la Fine Blue Beavers with Silk Velvet Collars 21/— MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS in all Wool Indigo Dyed Beavers. All Wool Milled Melting' Sc., with Silk26/6 TO 30/ ' Velvet Collars MEN'S CAPE, Chesterfields (ExtralB/6 TO 50/ long Capes) MEN'S INVERNESS CAPES. (I CI inedZ 2/6 TO 6 Ofs1) through MEN'S SCOTCH CLOAKS, (with "2 -/6 TO 60/ without sleeves) In Heavy Stylish Tweeds—Value Unequalled. I el TUE Al•l_).l.lTA . are showing a large and Choice Variety of Youths' and Boy's 1 OVERCOATS FROM 1. e... 1/ TO 35/ YOUTH'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS (Lined Wool) YOUTH'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS (The Fashionable Coats.) YOUTH'S Double-Breeatel MUNSTERS, (with or without belts.) In Choice SELECTIONS of FRIEZES, CHEVIOT'S, TWEEDS. Ac., Ac. YOUTH'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS. with Velvet Collars. In Special Twill and Diagonal Serges in the New Kyrie and lionsae Serges. In Fine Blue 1.A../ r, FROM / Beavers and all Wool Melton° THE M.C.D. YOUTH'S CAPE, Chesterfields (Extra long). YOUTH'S INVERNESS CAPES. (lined through). YOUTH'S SCOTCH CLOAKS, (with long Cape 3)1 FROM .1.1 /ef TO 40/ BOY'S CAPE, Chesterfields, (Extra long). BOYS' INVERNESS CAPES,. (lined through). BOYS' SCOTCH CLOAKS. (with long capes). in a 6/6 TO 251 Spwleeendddaca.ssortment of FeshiFonßaohnle T choice range of TJUVITEENIAL; very yy trimmedfashionable FROM Bi— c cs THE Al.k}.l/. Stock of BOYS' Double- BreAsted REEFER OVERCOATS contains new features for Juvenile wear. BOYS' D.B REEFERS, in Blue Naps with gilt buttons FROM 4/6 ora:lwC:i vt hE.ADlcsi°ralchTasiih. oarvhKeaynrdalso BOYS' D.B. REEFERS in Heavy Tweeds, (braided sailor. collars) FROM 5/9 Buys' D.B. REEFERS in Special Serges and Kyrles FROM SEE THE ALC.D. WINDOWS. 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON.

GE D DES'S DANDELION C 010 F Eh The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public,. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 6d., 10d.. and Is. &I each. Wholesale by J GEDDKB SON. Warrington.

WHITE STAR, LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. CIVERPOOL to NEW YORK. via Queenstown, every Wed. "TEUTONIC...Wed.. Jan. 3 i .MAJE3TIC... Wed.. Jan. 10 Second Cabin will be carried on tne voyage marl.- sal thus*. Steerage passage to New York, Boston, and rhiladelphia, at low rates. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply JOSEPH SMITH, 61, Legh-at., War- rington, or to ISMAY. 111111 E, and Co., 34, Leadenball-street. London. ILO.. and 10. Water-street. Liverpool

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF TIIE ivtaiLD: Af-161' JOHN WALKER AND CO., -EXAMINER" OFFICH. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR ( ItiNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- ' DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.

"COMFORT TEA"—Is the result of twenty- live years experience in the Tea Trade. "COMFORT TEA"—Is the best. Tea in Eng- land at the price. "COMFORT TEA"—Is Registered. "COMFORT EA"—ls sold at the following prices :- 11-, 1/4, 1/8, 2/- PER LB. AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE. SOLE PACKER AND BLENDER. H. E. HAWT;IORNE, 29, WINWICK-ST., WARRINGTON.

LANCASHIRE WATCHES FOR LANCASHIRE MEN. NV. WOODS AND SON, HAVE BEEN APPOINTPD THE AGENTS IN WARRINGTON FOlt TIE LANCASHIRE WATCH COMPANY, RBSCOT. TO introduce these excellent WATCHES to the public. of W rringi6st, W. WOCDS and SON will allow a special discount or 2/- in the E off all the LANCASHIRE WATCH CO'S. WATCHES so that, the splendidly 11,ished Engliqh er, In Solid Hall Marked Silver Cases. fully warranted for fi-e years. usually sold for 50/- mdy be had during the Xmas Sale at 45/-. GENT'S GOLD KEYLESS, £l3 13s. THREE-QUARTER PLAIT, SILVER KEYLESS WATCH. £4 10s. and £4 ss. SILVER KEY WINDING WATCH, 63,', 60/, and 50/- MARVELLOUS I A SOLID SILVER ENGLISH LEVER WATCH Warranted. for five years, only FORTY FIVE SHILLINGS. 14, SANKEY-ST.. AND CORPORATION-ST.. WARRINGTON.

EADE'S. GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS THE SAFEST AND MOST EFFECTUAL. Tuosir who are enduringthe agony of gout or the lesser torture of rheumatism, will hail with a feeling of joy any remedy which promises to afford even the slightest relief. We gladly, therefore, give promirence to the GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL introduced to suffering humanity of Mr. Eade the well-known Chemist, and prepared from the formula of one of the most eminent physicans of the day, It is claimed that no alteration of diet is required, nor is con- finement to the house by any means necessary. It would appear, then,that a medicine so easily taken,and so efficacious, requires only to be widely known, to meet with that recogni- tion it deserves.— "Civil Service Gazette." Sold everywhere by Chemists, arc„ln bottles Is. ltd. and 2e. 9d. .

FOR BON-BONS, COSAQUES, GOOD SWEETS. CONFECTIONERY, AND OTHER NEW YEAR NOVELTIES, GO TO BIRCIIALL'S, THE BRE HIVE, 128, BRIDGE-STREET. WAERINGTON.

• RUSSELL'S WATC'IIES. SAME PRICES AS AT LIVERPOOL. DIRECT FROM MANUFACTURER TO WEARER. A saving of 30 percent. if you want Fine-class Work. IF YOU WISH FOR RUBBISH DON'T GO THERE. The same applies to DIAMONDS, And especially to RINGS and Fine JEWELLERY. RUSSELL'S GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, th.ir own pure hnglish m inufacture. with all Russell's latestpatented improvements, range in price from £3 to £235. They are handsome, strong, aud perfect time- keepers ; represPnt the largest stock awl I.est value in England. there being no Intermediate profit between the manufacturer and the wearer. Sent free everywhere at Russell's risk an.l cost on receint of draft or post order. ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET SENT FREE ON AP- PLICATION. P.S.—Beware of imitations, and people who profess to sell at less than the makers. No watch is genuine unless marked— T. R. RUSSELL, "18" CHURCH-ST., LIVERPOOL. WATC H. AND JEWELLERY REPAIRS PROMPT and PERFECT. Estimates given and cost of carriage taken. 1/17SSELL'S T. It. RUSSELL, MAKER TO THE QUEEN, CATHEDRAL WORKS. IS, CHURCH-ST., LIVERPOOL; SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON, AND 12, MOULT-ST., (CROSS-ST.), MANCHESTER.

1893—CmusTmAs-1893 UNSWORTII BROS. , MONSTER Slow OF CHRISTMAS PREf PRESENTS WITH OVERCOATS. PRESENTS WITH SUITS. PRESENTS WITH TROUSERI. PRESENTS WITH SILK HANDKERCHIEFS A 'MUFFLERS— SPLENDID LOT. PRESENTS WITH GLOVES, TIlaS, AND BRACES. PRESENTS WITH UMBRELLAS—VERY CHOICE SELECTION SILVER-MOUNTED AND NATURAL STICKS. PRESENTS WITH WATERPF' UY COATS. IMMENSE STOCK OF PRESENTS. JEWEL- LERY, BREASTPINS, STUDS, SOLITAIRES, _ FANCY BOXES, PHOTO FRAMES SCENTS, AC., dc. UNSWORTII BROS., TAILORS AND OUTFITTERS, 24, 26, 47, A 49, HIGH-STREET, RUNCORN.

'TEETH. TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH, are, at the prioe UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The publi, TEETH. may rest assured that these statements an based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH. and perham TEETTI, the best guarantee of this to Intending patientt Is that J. 11. PARKINSON has one of the I .. Largest Dental Practices in England, the out TRETt. come of employing the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and charg- TEEM leg the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set made, or work done by him, and TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION In Every Detail will be immediately correctedo:. TEETrI. an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF CH E ARG. These conditions Insure the public's satisfat• FEETII. tion and recommendation, exemplified by 2l sets having been inserted for patients dueng TEETH. one year only, directly and Indirectly through the voluntary persuasion and reoommendatini TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all ) these patients' names and addresses, fore). e. TEETH. renee, will be given to any would-be patient personally applying for them. These, with thousands in the past, each recommending TEETH. their friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parkin- son's success. TEETH.His unusually Large Dental EstaMishrnent adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, MUST TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION Ac., as hitherto, by the aid of his own mad TEETH. LIQUID NTIROUs OXIDE, of which he now liquefies for sale to dentists newely 10,000 gal TEETH. lons weekly. Patients, have, tnerefore, in thi. speciality also the benefit of his experience. TEETH. CL06131) ALL DAY ON FRIDAYS. - rrEETH. 7. If . PARKINSON, Dentist by Examination, 1_ 48, MOSLEY-STREET, MANCHESTER, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles's, Ladles' Outfitter. Sankey-street, trom 2 to 6 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, (late MI Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-street, from 2 to 6. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at Miss Gibson's, 2, Castle- Street, from L'lr 11 to 5. 410

HIGH CLASS TAILORING AT POPULAR PRICES. BOYDELL BROS. ARE NOW SHOWING ALL THE LATESE NOVELTIES FOR AUTUMN AND WINTER WEAR. • THE SELECTION OF COATINGS INCLUDE TUB NEW SOFT FINISHED BLACK WORSTEDS (non shiny) VICUNAS. CHEVIOTS, LLAMAS, HOPSACK 4. AND SERGES. A SPLENDID RANGE OF FASHIONABLE OVERCOATINGS In similar Makes and Heavier Texture. Also IRISH FRIEZES and many other mak able for ULSTE RS. • EVENING DRESS A SPECIALITY. 371 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

BY ROYAL APPOINTMENT TO HEIL MAJESTY THE QUEEN. So J. WARING & SONS' LIMITED. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS. DECORATORS, SANITARY ENGINEERS, EL NCTRIC A L ENGINEERS, ICING-ST., AND DEANSGATE. MANCHESTER, 42, 44, 46, BOLD-ST., LIVERPOOL, 181. OXFORD-ST.. LONDON.

FURNITURE. F, INAL CLEARANCE OF CUTTER'S STOCK. 17 AND 19, BOLD-STREET.

17 AND 195 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. CARRIAGE PAID TO ALL PARTS OF TIIE COUNTRY.

PICTURE FRAME, MOULDING &c. Tins Cheapest Ilonse in Warrington for Moulding PICTURE FRAMES, PICTGRES, PICTURE GLASS, and ivery requisite for FRAMES. 50,000 feet if Moulding always in Stock. WHOLINALE OIL RETAIL. • ej. JAMSON. 18. FRIAR'S GATE ism MARKET HALL, WARRINGTON. 71 VICTORIA ROAD, WIDNES.

NEW YEAR PRESENTS! NEW YEAR PRESENTS!! • EUSTANCE'S ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE COMMENCING FRIDAY, DECEMBER IST. BONA FIDE DISCOUNT OF 2/- IN THE S., E. AND A. EUSTANCE (late EDWARD EUSTANCE.) PRACTICAL WATCH AND CLOCEMAKERS, GOLDSMITHS. SILVERSMITHS AND JEWELLERS. THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43 SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1864. EAND A. EUSTANCE have much • pleasure In announcing • their ANNUAL XMAS SALE during which the whole of their vslu- able and extensive Stock of GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, • CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, SOLID SILVER & BEST ELECTRO PLATE will be subject to a BONA FIDE DISCOUNT OF 2/- IN THE They would respectfully call attention to this exceptional opportunity for obtaining' III(HH-CLASS NOVELTIES especially suitable toi ''2•1:11$ MITTS atid NEW YEAR'S DI rrs at an onorecedentedly low rate FROM 10 to 2) PICK CENT. LESS THAN CAN BE OBTAINED ELSEWHERE—their goods being a'ways marked In plain figures at strictly competitive prices from which there is now a bona fide. 6) / DISCOUNT OF he/ IN THE k. 4, N.B.—INSPECTION RESPECTFULLY INVITED WHETHER A PURCHASE IS MADE Olt NOT. PLEASE NOTE THE ADDRESS THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43. SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1E64.

SIIIP CANAL. MAWSON AND CO. Will have (DV.) a GRAND AQUATIC TRIP FROSI WARRINGTON TO LIVERPOOL AND NEW BRIGHTON AND BACK, • On SATURDAY after WALKING DAY. By First Class Steamers. Further particulars will tie given in February next, MAWSON AND CO., 35, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

NW YEAR PRESENTS R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OP TRAVELLING REQUISITES, PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS, CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE POE NEW YEAR PRESENTS. 39. AND 41, DALE-STREET AD 8, PARKER-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TEETH ! TEETH! TEETII I nsAcnoNALD's FREE DENTORIUM. IVIIOLESALE AIr.IFICIAL TEETH MANUFACTOR7 (Registered.) 11.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best an Cheapest House in the Profession. Single Teeth, 2s. ; Sets, We. Fit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they wait. A. lady In attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and workmt *whip Teeth extracted free from 6 to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free consultations. Telegraphic Ad 4 reps .• Dentl et," Manchester. 9, PICOADILY (Opposite Infirmary Cluck). MANCHESTER

T H E HUMAN HAIR. IF YOUR HAIR IS FALLING OFF. Consult S. TAYLOR, or Use His Renowned Preparations, CANTHARI DES EXTRACT and POMADE, which are CERTAIN RESTORERS of the HAIR. -- TAYLOR'S SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVE CREAM le infallible for perfectly Relieving the Skin from Irritation and Freeing the Hair from Scurf. Prepared only by S. TAYLOR. HAIRDRESSER AND PERFUMER, 28 AND 28. KING-STREET. MANCHESTER.

Tu. WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD (Late John Nunnerley and Co., Ltd.). BUILDICRS' MIGICRANTS. ARPLY STATION, WARRINGTON, PBNRIIYN, Amn CARNARVON SLATBS. CEMENT, LIME, DRAIN PIPES, FIRE BRICKS, TILES. and every other kind of Builders' Materials kept in stock at our Arpley Wharf, or sent by road, rail, or vessel to any Town or Port in the 'United Kingdom. SOLB AGIINTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CIIMBIeT CO. Telephone No. 19. Telegraphic Address Arplev." T ''gton

CITY OF LONDON TEA COMPANY, Sell the most Fragrant and Refreshing Tea. PRICES AND SAMPLES POST FREE. ONLY ADDRESS: BEER-LANE, LONDON, B.C.

EGRATEFUL PPS'S COMFORTING. BREAKFAST, SUPPER. C 0 C 0 A BOILING WATER OR MILE

GREEN'S PATENT SAUSAGE CHOPPING & MINCING MACHINES and FILLERS (Silent and other Patterns). -- Suitable for BUTCHERS, MEAT EXPORTERS, CONFECTIONERS, 110 TELS, BOAHDINO-HOUSES. PRIVATE FAMILIES, An. These Celebrated Machines are used very extansively through- out England, Scotland, Ireland. Rod the Colonies. Illustrated Price Lists on application. rr ROM AS GREEN & SON (LIMITED), SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS and SURREY BLACEPIOARS ROAD, .LONDOX, JI or from any Shipping or Export. House, Merchant, or Ironmonger in the United Kingdom.

STOTLIERTS HEADACHE 1 NEURALGIA POWDERS, A certain cure in 10 minutes. From all Chemists. Grocers, and Co-operative Stores, or direct from tho Proprietors. Post Free, 14 or 33 stamps. Boxea Is. lid., and 21. 93. TOTHERT AND SONS, R„ S WHOLESALE CHEMISTS, ATHERTON. SiEp2 MANCHESTER.

wANTED, a strong 130 Y, 16 or 17 as ERRAND BOY, and to make him-elf generally useful One accustomed to the trade preferred—HET MILLING and Co„ Limited, Warrington.

TNDWSTRIAL ASSURANCE AGENTS WANTED in all Parts of Lancashire and Cheshir-.. Interest in book and speeds, promotion to elnitable men. Apply INSPECTOR. Examiner Office, Warrington.

QOLB PROTECTED AGENCIES given for the Falcon Pure 1.-1 Yeast. Best on market. OncP used al w .31 sin demand. —Write for report and terms, FALCON YELST CoMPAW3t. Cradley,Cradley Heath.

WANITD, to exchange, a quantity of joiners' tools, only been used a few times. Best Makers ; for Minoreas, reWhite Leghorns, Pullets laying. Prize birds. Value of tools El, or for cash £5, also Gardener's Ba row, nearly new. --J. H VNT ER, Alvingham, Louth.Lincolnshire.

eIIIBMIST wants SITUATION in chemmal works. Con- siderable experience in manufacturing sulphuric.muria- tic and nitric nei4s, bleaching powder, limo, Ace. Practical knowledge of German. Russian, and electricity ; British sub- ject.—Apply by letter to B. W. HILL, 66, Uncle-grove, Ox- ford-St.. Manchester.

SQECOND-HAND DRESS SUITS. Military, Theatrical,Band Uniforms for sale or hire.—JAMrs GORMAN. New and Seecnd-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, Deansfate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price.

A LADY HAVING CASH at her dispossl, is open to make .:11. Temporary Ca h Advances of £.3 and upwards. In con- fidence, to respectable blouses olders, who wish to avoid the usual unpleasantnr as and routine of a loan office; no suretlen e asked for. and habitual horrow&rs need not apply. Apply personally, or by letter. Mrs. MOKEWOOD, 94, Widnes- r.•ast. W,dnes.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVA'FIi ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards ot £70.000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy-at Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870.

APPLY AND BB C. iNVI NUPD. MR. PRIM '27 Ch.wr hero Rill Road, Mandusster, is prepared to ADVANCH LOANS from 2.5 and up- wards to respectable Housgholders, Tradesmen, Farmers and others, without Bondsmen or Sureties, at the following scale of interest :- 25 LOAN TO BE REPAID in t• 0. .....• £ 5 ~ £2O „ : ........ £3O „ .. LAILOH SUMS in plane prcnortion. ALL ADVANCES are PAID IN FR LL, Distance no object. ' Money advanced at Borrower's Own House. thus saving them the trou le and expense of a journey. Farmers can have Cash on Terms th 4 no other office can possibly offer. Letters immediately attended Ct.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. AT R. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCE' FRIVA'TELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Worklng.nten An all respectable Nc useholders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. ItIONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS Without Bondsmen, without delay, withoet public enquiry on pmr simple written prcroise to pay back.—Apply Pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS ktoot of the °antral Station), winins, anti in WARRINGICN at my Residence, 134. Orford-lane. any Evening from 6 t •-• 7. Application. from 'RUNCORN ine, District general!) receive precisely the same attention

r • MONEY, MONEY, MONEY. LOANS OTO £5OO. May be had on day of application. If it is inconvenient to call, all letters will have our I maid attection. If you want to Start in Business. If you want to Furnish your Rouse. If you want to Pay your Debts. It you want to Increase your Stock. If you want to Pay your Rent. Repayments to suit Borrowers. Strictest privacy guaranteed. No Bills of Sale. Na Sureties. No Flues. No Loan Office routine.—Apply to , R. N. W BBElt, 8, DURNING ROAD, off Wavertree Road, EDGEUILL, LIVERPOOL. Near LONDON NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY STATION.

INFLUENZA. IN INFLUENZA. A GRIFFIN A GRAND MEDICINE FREE FROM POISON. • CU 3INFLUENZA IN POURS'. 24 Also for Measles, any Rash, Children Teething or not well after Vaccination, Headache. Toothache, Hoarse- ness, Coughs, d.friculty of breathin4, Erysipelas, or any painful redness of the skin. any Skin Disesse, any one hot and feverish. Blood poisoning, Swellings; end purifies the BLOOD. SOLD BY:- 3. CANDY. Grocer,- Church-street. JOSEPH BIBBY, Grooer, St. James's-stieet. Latchford. D. FLYNN. Grocer. Win wick Road. G. HILL, Grocer, Priestly-street.

. DOUGLAS'S REAL RHEUMATIC CURE Ts the only sate and true remedy for Rheumatic. Sciatic, and Gout. The Real Rhematin Cure is a liquid medicine to be taken internally. . It speedily des- troys and drives R out ot the sysfern the morbid' and EAL g o is t y matter which excites and produces all the pains and inflam- RHEUMATIC ations which are associated in an attack of rheu- matism. whether CURt. • acute or chronic. Never known to fail in Rheumatic , , fever.-24,0antite- , street, Preston, Dear Sir, my daughter was afflicted toe two years with rheu- matism and was attended by three doctors and given up In- curable. The day before taking your medicine she fainted for want of appetite and loss of sleep. After taking two bottles of your Real Rheumatic Cure. she was r.qtmecl to health. Yours faithfully. Mrs. Hoskinson. Witness to this Cure. Rev Joteph D.Sexton, The English Martyrs,Preston. Other testimonials sent free. The heal Rheumatic Cure is ' sold by all Chemists throughout the United Kicgdom 0-, 1 s, 91. per bottle. orpostfrce with lull directions. 33 stamps from the Proprietors : DOUGLAS AND CO., 24, GRIMSHAW-ST.. BURNLEY.

LADIES SHOULD KNOW of the most Wonderful Medical Discovery of the Age. ALL LADIES This MIRACULOUS and very powerful REMEDY quickly relieves all IRREGULARITIES and RE- MOVES Ii OBSTRUCTIONS HOWEVER OBSTINATE or Long Standing. It is perfeet'y harmless but CERTAIN and EFFECTUAL. Thousands have been relieved. Oho Lady writes Your Medicine is truly wonderful ; my ease was a feariully obstinate one." Avoid useless pills. Invaluable particulars free on receipt of stamped addressed envelope. A. DASMAIL, 371, LANGDALE, • WALTHAMSTOW. EITABLISIIED 1851.

GEOROB:JACI.SON. .PAWN•ISKO/CBC, JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH, 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST.. WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other ' CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS. GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS ot every Description. Current Markct Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OP INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

yl3 BY handsome first-class quality, TAPESTRY CARPIIT, perfectly Payment. taken. new, size 3,i by 31 well made and 29g 6 D. taped, worth fifty shillings. Only

HIGHLV-PINISHED ENGLISH SILVER LEVRE WATCH by Payments taken. Kay Jones and C 0.," Worcester, fully jewelled, expansion balance, at crystal glass. cost twelve pounds ten. Warranted for five yews. 295. On. Sacrifice for

fIi_ENUINE BARGAIN, capital solid Ur SILVER WATCH, io iirbt-c'ass Payments taken. going order, also solid SILVER ALBERT. Government stamped, which alone cost twelve and six. The pair Only 12s. 6D.

UXCEBDINGLY handsome new 121 style , oil d WALNUT OVBR- Payments taken. MANTLB, 48 by 44. Canopy or Cornice top. Ten very fine bevelled plate mirrors, splendidly carved panels. Turned pi'lars end brackets LI 9 / J_ I 6 a grand and marvellous bargBin S. 1).

WOrtsEßinFUa Lw eIeIV IptrßicEells:o67lEl&feoer Fvre3;),asud r.eede peatiirv, parked 35.) FRED. LEWIS. and CO., LTD.. 6, Fleet-street. Dublin. Nams this paper.

Tj HUB is B' OUSS Comb, mirror and Ca.e for id. • 6 LL. cards Linen Buttons or LC; Gilt Photo Frames Id rash: Long (Jr y Furs, Is. Mi. Sale on, 34 and 38. Thomas- street, off Oldham-street. Manchester.

TjUNCORS.—TO BIS SOLI). the Premises In Bridge-at., receatly occuph-d by the William Deacon and Ylanchei- tt r and Ca hord Bank Limlteci.—For furl h,r particalars Apply at the BANK. Victoria Buildiogs, Unworn.

roHN LOWE. Fire and Thiet-proot SAFE MAKER. has ON SALE Dinner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street, Ring-street West. Manchester.

QIIIALLPDX : The PREVENTION and CORR. —A GIINU- INE ItHMEDY, which never falls. can be had by sending 04 C Shilling PostAl Order and full midress to C. BALL, Brighton Place. Monument•road. Birmingham.

ROSARY HIRGS for I,clies or gentlemen : solid sliver, with crucifix on top and eadit round ; hundreds sold. price 2,..3.l.sach.Seuci cis& viliAnarwirawnrerecroTntrirtrititettirtn z ie we 1 ler, Upper Pershore rd., Hie:nit:Al:am. Ment‘on paper.

MIDISON BHONOGRAPH. Comm= Otrritri Pox Sam _ID Record. and Blanks- (Wax Cylinders), and supplies at reasonable prices. Machines with splendid records, lent out to bazaars. At Homes, &c,—A. LoxAS, Caunce-st., Black- pool. , BfIatIARDS BAGATELLS !—The cheapest house for Billiard and Bagatelle Tables and Requisites Is 'HP:NIXING RAO?... LTD.. 29, Fl Igh•st.. London. W.C. Send for new nice List, cloth and cushion samples, post free. Bstablished 1E62.

I 0,000 InTERsrSCCOPIF from Indsteck (11157;u:it: lante us and elides, new and :co irnoT hind. d. "Iron. der:7:i); cheap.—PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPT, 71, Oxford-it. (All Saints.). Manchester.

W ATCHES.—SiIver Watch. strong cases. 6 jewels. tit ystal glass, t plate movemen,. witrranted for 5 year,. only 255.. size 235. 6d„ sent post free by Togeett PRITCHARD. watchmaker, 51, Higlt-street. Runcorn. Retied over half a century

91HRRSHING PLANT, by Clavton and Sbuttleworth 4.t. Ein.drUm, double bls.t, with Self 13inder, by llssward. equal to new: and a TRACTION ENGINR, 10 horse power, master of a 20-ton boiler, by Aveling and Porter.—Apply to HOBERT Rovi.x,,Hole House Inn, IFI indley near Wigan.

1:11011ND DAD.—Thousands have ' eenkUte with. 12 Santord's Poison. Bunched. of farmers that have wed I, say it is ito lest poison krinwn. as they find a lot of ral • dead by using L. Post tree is. 2d., 25.. 3s box, of SANsonn and Sox. Samcy, Beds. Send stamp and try it. Sold by chemiss.

00ALS delivered in truck `reds, at lowe.,t market prices, usual terms. Special quotations for W.,od (hoods. Col- liery Stores, Ettilding 'Matetials. and Farming or Ilstite Hequisites.—Arldress by letter maly —Dayinsezr, (tool. Timber and General Merchant, Manchester Coal Exchange; Telegrams ; Stcektort. HEARTINE CURBS HEART DISE ISE, and all Diseases of the .gervous System. One bottle proves it. Weak Heart and Palpitation sufferers try thls ; three bottles will rffeet a thorough cure. Of all chemists, or ctrriage free. 2. 9d. eavh..A C. WOODCOCK, 199. High-street, Lincoln, or at Lzwis's, Market-street. Manchester.

x 1,13 and HANNAY'S Patent Lucigen Light Plant. eon- J * sisting of two lamps. each with circular wrought- iron uistaris oi 30 gallons capacity : circular wrought. iron re- saver or accumulator, 30-in, diameter by 481 n. deep ; air compre*sor an steam engine combined. by Lyle.—Adaress W.. 11. KIP, 182, Bleckburn-road, Hastingdun.

lAIAMOND WALL POCKTSTS. Buy direct from the maker at half the retail price, the cheapest prettiest, and most useful article ever offered for making home attrac- tive. Size 14.5 3 pairs 2s. makes a handsome birthday or wedding presPnt ; six parrs 3s 9d., each pair different; securely packed and carriage paid.— C. PARKI.R, Stoke- unaer-ifans. Somerset.

NOTTINGHAM LACE CAPES. SPLENDID SILK LACE. CAPES 2s. 60. AND 34. 6r). EACH. Carriage paid ; superior quality 5s lid , worth 15s. fit and quality guaruntes.d. Beautiful white skirts, full size- trimmed det.p lace, 2s. 64, ; trimmed with embroidery. 48. 6d., good value. Carriage paid. Wm. COTTON, Lace and Lace Curtain Manufacturer, Weekday Cross, Nottinkham.— Established 50 years.

WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide LI Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Exhibition. 1888. 2 TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest elesigns. Two million feet always in Stuzic. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, deographs,ac. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Cacver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exprirtrition. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in pattern book and catalogue (85 pages 4to demy revised for 1891) for 3d. stamps.—H. M 011 PILL, 17 and 18, Great St. Andrew-st.. Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address '• Rabbitry," London. Stock lists and prices of glass monthly. free.

THE AUTUMN LEAVES ARE FALLING. The des s are short er and the nights are colder, and a good fire has quite a cosy look. Do you want some LINOLEUM to brighten your Irma.? B. lIEM BEY .1: CO. have the Largest ,Artistic Selection of exclusive designs in the province, in all qualities, at prices to sit everyone. C.,me and pick your patterns. We are glad •to see you, and there is no charge for looking. Experienced workmen sent any distance. Telephone 537. HEMBRY & CO., .L.Y• LINOLEUM SPECIALISTS, 45 and 47. CR OSS-STREBT. MANCHESTER.

• CONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS OF THE RESIDUE OF STOCK, AND AT PRICES THAT MUST COMMAND AN ENTIRE CLEARANCE AT THE TEMPLE OF ARTS FURNITURE ESTAB- LISHMENT, 164 AND 166. BRIDGE FOOT. .WARRItiGTON. SIDEBOARDS. A few Spleadld Sideboards from 4 feet to 7 feet ata reduction of 15 to 25 per cent, from the plainly marked usual prices. BEDROOM SUITES. Bedroom Suites from £5 to £BO, amongst hich are some very handsome Suites in al- most every kind of Wood and decorated, at a reduction of 10 to 25 per cent, from the plainly marked usual prices. BEDSTEADS. Iron, Iron' and Bross, and all Brass Bed- steads, at greatly reduced prices. CARPETS AND HEARTHRUGS, ac. Carpets. Hearthrugs, Floor Cloths Lino- leum, Mattings, and Mats of every descrip- tion, and at very low prices. Beds and Mattressespf every kind made, and Bedding of all sorts. A 1 quality, and at prices that cannot fail to give satisfaotion. CONTINUATION OF REDUCTIONS AT TIIE TEMPLE OF ARTS, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON, R. W. MARSH. ESTABLISHED 1864.

-VMR PROOF FP;II AND CiIIP POTATO COOKING .1: RANGdS, Birch's late patent chip machines and knives to fit any kind of marhines.—BLECH, Miller-street M.nchester.

DAGS and SACRS, 30,000 in stock, suitable for bran, I ) potatoes, coal, or patent manures. very cheap.—S. WORTHINGTON, 42 and 44, Arches, Viaduct-street, Ardwick, Manchester.

QA.LIEXTRAMIDINAI+I7.—LACE CURTAINS.—we a,e A) cleating 2.7 AC pairs (slightiv soiled). usnal price ss. 91.. now 3s. 91. Hemstitched (vervchoice) 10.3. 11.1., now ss. 11d, Carriage Paid —Cs NLRAL LACE Co., Nottingham.

▪ CZEMA.—" Dr. Wilson's Eczema Cure" immediately ▪ relieves irritation and pain and speedily cures the most obstinate Skin Dise,ses. when other means signally fail. Jars Is. 11d. ; treble size. 2s. 9d. At most chemists, or post free, direct from 20, Fordham-st , Liverpool. QHOFS, &C.. FOR SALE. in Cross-lane, Rarlestown. Four L) Shops and Da ening houses combined with good cellar., ; also icood stabling, with loft, coach-house, and yard walleil round. Goosl thoroughfare To be sold in lots to suit pur- chasers. to pay 7i to 8 per cent. interest. Part of the pur- chase money may remain on ino..tgage if required, at reasonable interest.—Apply t, Titus. WILLIAMS, Cross-lane, Sanest awn,

- Oariless3, Rlorsts, earts, MOO, &r _ SHOULDER'', CURED BY CONDY'S PLUID. Veterinary bsok free. Horses suffering f, om sore shoulders, sore backs, cracked heels, grease, or brokrn knees, cured in a few bolus by bathing the parts affected with diluted Condy's Fluid. Prices, 8 ca.. Is. ;20oz . 2s.—Veterinary book flee from CoDY'r3 FLUID 0 °ram 61, Turnmilt-street, Loudon.

f_lo PE R AND Si MMONS • COACH' BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best 'or !i only. , :4,•veral Gcvni Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus, Victories, Tagenettl.s. and l'hadon•. now for Sale or Hire.

J URRY, 141c:cwt., station Broueltim. three Business Shan- it..4 dries, Pony Gig and Phaeton, ehoap.—SPANN, Friar's Green. W4rrington. ifon•sv:si, HORSBB colours, *izes, and prices—To 'tradesmen nd others,—To save Money ..sot time slot awl T the well-known risks of fairs and aue- Moss and getting a wort ides& and useless horse for your Mud- lieSS. voor nnflook proeib'y In better th ot no to W. PA.ltlißtt WO • TO S. AINSWOlirli-siTIMPIT CO Ll Vl< if Ptiti L. where von eAlt kliVe one on hire or • fiat. with aviw to inirella.se, if irers for o- ittlrf fpnioils liberally , tlea:t with. r reel). arrien's •neekly tnt youngand useful horses cots, e: d poul s, nuitats:e for all purposes. Horses bought or exchanged,—Note the address.

. . e..,tx(cs, 3,3outtrp, 41. FEW nhck Minor a COCK ,1-314 ELS (7 month) Webster's noted 3tr,in s+, t!on mq SAMUEL, Ellastone. Ahbnr,, D,rt,3

• DR. J. COLLIS B ItOWNE's CifLORDDYNR: THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY tINUTNII. )11LOROD Eis ad mitred hy the l'rofession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- coveresi. 011LORODY NE is the hest remedy known for Coughs. Consumption. Bronchitis, and Asthma. (-1111.011.0DYNN rifectutilly clo-cl:e nod arrests sJ those too tten fatal diseases.-- Diptheria, Fever. CrolaP. Ague. tII.OIIODYN 1,1 acts like a charm in Diarrbcea, V) and to the outs spea!itic in Cholera aud Dyseutry. lIILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks kJ of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. CLILOHODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- lea. Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, . . From Di. B. J.Dotir,ToN & Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct ~ed tivs and Anti-spasmodic. It. seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of combat and quietude not obtainable hy any other remedy. aoul it Seems to possess this great advan- age over all other Sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. •• Bari Russell communicated to the OoPege of Physicians that lie received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla, to the effect that Cholera had been raging feartuill and that the ONLY remedy of any s-rvice 'was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet . let December, 1864. OAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMIT- ATIONS. Cluvrox.--;vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr: J. cor.Lts BROWNE, was. tindonbtedly, the inventor of CIILORORYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREE. SUN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to sas , and been sworn to.--See Times. 13th 301y,1884. Sold in bottles at 2s. 95t., and 4s. 6d. None is genuinewithout the words "DR. 3- COLLIS BROWNWS Oft LORODYNR "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTUREI3.—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell- Et_ Bloomsbury. London.

REBUILDING PREMISES. 54 AND 56, OLDHAM-ROAD, MANCHESTER. Muzzle and Breech-leading Guns. Gold and Silver Watcher. ANTIQUE MODERN SILVER PLATE. Diamonds. Coins. Cutlery. Antique.. &a. Special bargains. OGIDEN. 54 &56 OLDHAM-ROAD. &tab. 1799.

LONOWORTII'S, 4 and 6, Oak-street, Thonnes-st,, MANCHESTER. For BUTTER PAPER I PARCHMENTS CHEESE PAPER. I and PAPRIL EfAcS. Cheap DAYBOOKS, LEDGIMS. NOTEPAPERS, ENVELOPFA, ko.

COMB CHERR UP • FOR CHRISTMAS S COUR.EE METAL POLISH sAVIIB TIME AND MONEY. From all Chandlers, Grocers, &e., or wholesale- from 12 & 14, JOHNSON-STRBST. DALE-STRUM% LIVERPOOL.

Telephone No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUOTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES —Market Gate Chambers, } Warrington. AucTisor ROOMS—No.,I Bank street AGENT To—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablishod 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

FRBEHOLD PROPERTY AT WARRINGTON TO BB SOLD BY AUCTION BY Pt. 'THOMAS SUTTON at, the BLUE BELL INN, Hoesemarket-st., Warrington, on TITE9DIY, the 16th JANUARY, 1394. at 5 for 6 o'clock p ra. precisely, subject to conditions of Sale. LOT I.—A Freehold DWELLING-HOUSE No. 18 Mill-st., In Warrington, now occupied by Mr. John Owen. LOT 2.—Two Freehold IiWELLINOHOUSES Nos. 45 and 47 King-at., (formerly Flag Lane), in Warrington, now in the occupation of M essrs. Henry Hasledine and George Booth, These properties are roost corweniebtly situared, are never nntenant,d and offer an o.portunitv to small Investors now but rarely met with in the centre f Warrington. For turther particulars apply ta the AUCTIONEER or to Messrs. ROBERT DAVII3S, KIRKCONNE.b, DAVIES and BURGBA, Solicitors, Warrington,

Zirprlts, Za,sstittites, &r. THR OLD-ESTABLLIHED BASSI NETTR WAREHOUSE. Beware of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest Carriages in the town or district. (No connection with any other firm of the same name.) WASRTON,74, Sankey-et., Warrington, man u- • facturer of Bath Chairs, Bassinettes, Rustic Carri- ages, dm., of the best materials and workmanship, on the pFemises. under personal supervision. Well-finished Bassinettes from 255., warranted to run straight. Mail Carts, Tricycle Horses, Doll Carriages, Ac. Agent for Sewing Machines, Wringing and Washing Machines. WORKS i—BRAMO,T-STREET.

itr a t to n. _ UNI V ER SITY SC I-100 L, SOUTHPORT. A most successful Boarding School for Boys. T. ISHERWOOD, 8.A., Principal.

THE MISSES RI M M ER, 23, Wilson Piitten-st., I Warrington. SCHOOL WILL RE-OPEN (I) V..) Jan. 23rd, 1894, Fees &c., on application.

LAMES' SCHOOL,M ELCHET HOUSE, !ATI! AM. —lnclusive terms, special for cl-rgv, references to arents. vacancy for articlea pupil.—Principals, the Misses FIALKET (Miss. S. llalket,,L.L.A.)

OLARENIONT, MOUNT EPHRAIM - ROAD. STREATHAM, LONDON. PREPARATORY SCHOOL for the Sons of Gent'ernen, (F'stablished 1881.) Tutor a B.A. London, Principal—Miss JULIA GRI FFI ThB. Prospectus ou Application.

ST. GEORGE'S SCHOOL, (Catholic), Brniopton. Huntingdon, (It hours from King's Cross). A thoroughly Professional or Commercial Education provirk d at a moderate pension.—Address The PRINCIPAL.

HOME SCHOOL for YOUNG LADIES. Every comfort, careful triining, lirst-ra'e pr )feseors, accom- pli 4ments, all exammations, gold house, lie Ally suburb, drilling, tennis,&c.—Misses LAMB, Grove Park. Lee. S. F.

TIIE MARLING ENDOWED SCHOOL, STROUD Chairman of Cloven. ors Sir W. H. Marling, Bart. School Fees. 2 -n a Term ; Boarding Fees, onl) £3O per Annum. Boys admitted at any period at Pro; ortionato Fees. For particulars apply.—W. J. GUEENSTREET, M.A., Head- inaster.

OLIVE HOUSE SCHOOL, MUMMA, North Wales.—Sound and liberal educdlon for young gentle- men. Preparation for all examinations. cor.ifortable borne. facing sea. French converaition daily. Term begins January 16tb, terms very moderate, for Prospectus apply to Pt incipals.

LAMR ES' COLLEGE, FOMBY-BY-THE-SEA, Between Southport and Liverpool. conducted by Mrs. and tiss CEIRISTOPHERS, Companion Boarder desire.' for little girl of twelve. Good education; comfortable home and careful training. Inelu4ive moderate terms. Prospectus on application.

Al the toot 1 the Malvern Hills. • run E GRAMMAR SCHOOL, [IAN LEY CASTLE, 1. Clod man of Governo s. Sir Edmund A. - 11. .11trt.', M.P. Mead master, to Rev. 11. 11. BROWNE, M.A. Most hPalthv si,nation. Excellent accom- modation. Fees mol,r4te and inclusive. . ,

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. THE NEXT TERM Will begin on TUESDAY. JANUARY 23an. 1894. Preparatory Form for boys under 12 years of age. Fee £2 per t,rm. For fut Hier particulars apply to the Head Master.

• P E ENIETII C 00 IL DAY SCHOLARS ADMITTED. PARENTS vfio chs'ire a select high-class day 1303001 for their children, are invited to tall and inspect the school for themselves. 'THB NEXT TERM will commence JAN. 18th, 1894. , PROSPECTUS on Application. A. POLLARD, Dead Master._ ATELLINGTON COLLEGE, WELLINGTON, SHROPSHIRE. RE-OPENS ON THE 223n3 JANUARY FOR BOARDERS. , The most fomplete Private School Premises in the Mid- lands. Splendid situation. Eleven Masters, Right of whom are Resident. Prospectus on applicAt ion ta the Principal, Mr. J. BAYLEY. - - - - AT AN CHEST ER GRAMMAR SCHOOL itt Fee £4 43. per term. The next TERM begins TUESDAY, J.3.xuAtty 16711, 1294. Entrance Examination MONDAY, JANUARY 15th, at 9 a.m. Prospectutes, Forms of application, &C., may be had at the School. , OWEN W. COX. Clerk and Ilec-iver. N. 8.—80 d 'ding House open under the sanction cf the Governors.

WIDNES ACADEMY OF MUSIC. PRIVATE LESSONS. SELECT DAY AND EVENING CLASSES. PIANO. OVGAII, HARMONIUM, 'VIOLIN. VOICE PRODUCTIOIg, HARMONY. COUNTERPOINT, COMPOSITION. THREE FREE sOHOLARSHIPS Tenable one year. Thirty-three certificaLes and prizes gainel by efudente during the .I•ear 1891, , Prospectus On Appliemtlou to THE PRINCIPAL.

AN DOLI N. GUITAR, Z ITFI E F,,.v ricl BANJO, M. • taisolt by 'pitove,skmit wiNis , and SBNORA ILA N —Miclress Victoria Chambers, 111 kin re .

; BRAND & CO.'S IDE EP BOUI IrON. .A Mon NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING 131MiltAGE. lande,by the Simple Additi 071 of Boiling Wat • At a Cost 'within the reach of all. 11..LITT.LE STA.NIIOPU-ST—MAYVAIII,

CI LOWEST . k_IIIEAP (-1 kJOAL, I LOWEST .. , POSSIBLE. BANK QUAY COAL DEI,OI 1 Possin/A Pi-- T HT. ALTON & CO.. I PRICES cot . COAL MERCHANTS, on FACTORY LANE COAL, YARD, applicat'n WA I't RI NOTON. apAcat'n , NOTE.—WINTER PEICDS. IMMEDIATE DELIVERY

LET.—WAREHOUSE and YARD, Orford-st.—App. ly J. Amnon and Wow:is, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. • 131 ENKETH. HOUSE, with garden ; also several cottages.— 1. Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE, estate agent, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington.

OAPITAL Two-manual ORGAN; new ; fine rich tone. splendid pitch pine case.—ALEX. YOUNG. a Solve. organ builders. Eldon-at.. Blanchester.

MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE. A very. handsome COTTAGB PIANO FORM, in beautifully flgure.l Italian walnut cue. iron frame, triehhrd. eh ek action, all the latest improyments, brilliant tone and touch; by lc Bishop and !ions; London. New nine months since. Will take £2l, '(twenty-one pounds), honostly worth 32 guineas. This is a bargain seldom met, with.—Apply W. LEATHER, Cross-lane, Barlestown.

J. W. TEMPERLEY, Musty SIILLER, • 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD. RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &c. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HIER and nit HIRE-PURCHASE.

GREAT SALE of fire salvage of over 200 PIAjsIOS AND ORGANS, at J. PARRY'S 18, to 24, Downing- at.. Ardwick, Manchester. Mrs Parry having come to a speedy and satisfactory settle- ment with the Yorkshire Fire Insurance Company has decided to make &quick clearance at half their cost. £ s Full tOhed Bell Organ walnut and gold case cost £2B 8 10 Oblique German Piano, ivory key s. and 7 octaves Pianette by Detwent of London 7 °waves Rosewood cottage Piano, Nu'ter, 7 octavee. . Iron'frair e cottage Piano, Ravenswo A, 7 octaves 5 0 Iron frame cottage Piano. overstrung,Stodart,7 octaves 6 0 Iron frame German, overstrong piano, 7 octaves 9 15 Iron frame semi-grand, by Kirkman, 7 agaves Trod frame concert Grand, by Collard. 7 octaves l4 0 The above Tots are perfectly new inside with iron frame, full trichord, brass pin plate, and patent check action. The put, side cases are damaged by water.

. SMITH'S TASTEI;ESS . DANDELION A NTIBILIOUS PILLS. Is. 14(1. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are n proved substitute for calomel. .• re suited for either ex, and may be taken at any. time. They clear the liver, stomach; hetd and kidneys ; free the stin of -humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. alter excess in acting or dinklngt and are the most valuable at clsange of life, or periodical obstruction. .No Blue Pill or Mer- curials, hence no fear of cold. , Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN BUNION. AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. - SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDERS. AND PECTORAL FRUIT auxin LOZENGES SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

I MORRIS'S TOLIJ AND HONEY. AIL I The only Core for Colds, Couihs, ' . Bronchitis. /to.. .FACTS. , MORRIS'STif3T TIC-CURE rorILLS The on INEURALGIA, TIC, AND .TOOTHACHE. I MORRIS, CHEMIST. I ALEXANDRA ROAD, MANCHESTER, and all Dealers.

THOMAS LEA, ' CONFBCTIONER AND WITOLESALB BREAD BAKER, • CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN, Begs to Inform his numerous patrons that he has just opened, as Branch Establishment, the Shop, RuivvOßN, with high - class Confectionery and fancy breads. Orders will receive prom pt attention.

T f-1 ! OWLE'S 4i4J '-'EILORODYNE RENOWNED Eon I _,- • , DOITDAIS, I TOWLE'S .0 HpLORODYNE INFLUENZA, I 0 W LE'S lILORODYNE , COBN II • C I •'. kONC H MS, ' AUMPTION. il ASTHMA, 91 (1 , VAILORODYNE EPASIES, ' T- lOvOLING ENzCAD.UpeII., 0 WLR'S . CH LORODYNE7 N 4'3 / . . . 24 DOSES for 130, 1 It Is ni.ponTANT to INSIST on having TOWLE'S as i other preparations and niakes are pushed for-sake of extra [ profit. . I .. • '

, BOVRIL THE GuA.E.c.ITEED PRODUCT OF PRIME Oi BEEF. FORTIFIES THE SYSTEM AGAINST • • INFLUENZA, COLDS AND CHILLS.. sEnvED Hear AT RESTAURANTS. SOLD BY, ALL GROCERS, cumlsTs. .BTORES. &c.

D. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Headache, and Sickness. Cure Indioet loc. ,Cul•e Flatulence and Heartburn. Cure all Bilious Affections.

, . ~ , lin. SCOTT'S PILLS . . Are a Tonic Purifier. ~ . Strenzthen the Whole Systerrf. • Induce Cheerfulness. ,' • Invaluable as a Family Medicine. - . . ir-‘. 0 .1-1,11,.. OCOIT'S PI MS ~ . . .. Cure Loss of Apfietite. , . .„, , . • , Cure DetiresOon of-Spirits. , ' Cure all Distrders cf the Blotid 7 • . Cure Lessaude and Nervousness. rIR. 6coTrs BILIOUS' AND LIVER i'lLits. L." Are wrapped in a square greet: package. beariné the name of the proprietor. W. LAMI3IiRT 1.73, Seymour Place. London. W.• liy post for 1.4 or 34 stamps.

_ TilE -E X A IVLI N ER, SATURDAY. DECEMBER 30. 1893.

34°NDAY, JA.NUAILY IsT.. 1891. 11/41EVir YEAR'S DAY. IiEv•NRY MILLING and. ° 4PANY. LIMITED, au,tli.ez to inform kpo,re.ltttteheir wae,. theirtu CullesstsoCin WILL ann the Publie gen!t; wILL BE CLOSED ori 5. 7,/n,NRY MILLING & GO„ LTD. —,kiBITAIMET-ST.,. AND CORPORATION-ST, WAERINGTO.N.

THINGS HEARD ,AND SEEN AT RUNCORN. • Br AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT. That the weather during Christmastide has been more like spring than winter. That on Christmas m.)rning the atmosphere WU blight and crisp, and a stroll was Car wing. . That a change came in the afternoon, wien there was half a kale bloring accompanied with heavy rain. That despite the bad time most tradesmen admit to having had, there was quite an average amount of business. That the Tonic Sol-kfa Cooir Cliristuaas concert is becoming a popular institution. It was pleasing to see the hall well filled and to think that the success from a musical point of view will bo accompanied by success financially. That one of the saddest occurrences of the week has been the death ot Mr. Tom Speakuian after a prolonged and painful illness. That universal sympathy is extended to the be- reaved parents in their deep sorrow. That the Gilchrist lectures were a splendid suc- cess all round. There is a balance in hand gf .£2 16s. That everybody will agree that the lectures have greatly advanced the cause of the Technical Insti- tute, and the Gilchrist Ti ustees have been informed of that fact and cordially thanked for providing the course of lectures. • That it bas been decided that the old. folks treat 'at Widnes shall be held on January lith, it con- venient to the Mayor.

7 7CT l'r 7rr . . • . •i, :- SU N 2_, nu! 1 S tAp compETIT/ •,-i.N--_, / ri,,,) . i:c :', C ~ Prizes of Bicycles Watches and Books, value . .. 9• £4l 9904 2a4000 ..........:__ . „, 9 ll 4: ASW The First of these mont h I y Cornpetit:ons will be held on January 31st, 1894, • --:*,:., t.. 5.". A.1.1:.•!`:••••.7"4-' '''•••-';*-1 to be followed by others each month during F 894. Competitors to save as many "SUNLIGHT" Soap Wrappers as they can collect. Cut olf the top portion of each wrapper—that portion • containing the heading "SUNLIGHT SOAP." These (ca/led the " (.4:amens" ) are to, he sent enclosed with a sheet of paper on which the Competitor I, f.t.:, ,•,...itten his or her full name and address, and the numter of canpons sent in, postage paid, to Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, Port :inn- light, near Birlwohead, marked on the Postal Wrapper (top left-hand corner), with the NUMBER a the DISTRICT Competitor lives in.

RULES.. I. The Competitions will close the last day of each month. Coupons received too late for one month's competition will be put into the next. 11. Competitors who Obtain wrappers from unsold soap in dealer's stock will be dis- qualified. Employees of Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, and their families, are debarred from competing, 111. A printed list of Winners of Bicycles and Watches, and of Winning Numbers of Coupons for Books in Competitor's District will be forwarded, 21 days after each competi- tion closes, to those competitors who send Half-penny Stamp for Postage, but in all cases where this Is done, "Stamp enclosed" should he written on the form. IV. Messrs.-Lever Brothers, Limited, will award the prizes fairly to the best of their ability and judgment, but It is understood that all who compete agree to accept the award of Messrs. Lever Brothers, Lirnited, as final. •4. • The Bicycles are the celebrated Helical (Spiral) Tube Premier Cycles (Highest award, World's Fair, Chicago, 1593), manufectured by the Premier Cycle Company, Limited, of Coventry and 14 Holborn Viaduct, London. fitted with Dunlop xBg4 Pneumatic Tyres bury's • Invincible "Lamp; Lamplugh's 405 Saddle; Harrison's Gong; Tool Valise, ?nom. sic,

LATHERS FREELY IN THE HARDEST WATER • . WATSON'S • , • 4 ..,; . , . LESS CLEANS ' .e. IS FOR ALL - THE BEST SOAP PURPOSES. LARGEST SALE OF 11b. TABLET'S IN THE WOAD!): REA DA To-production of TUE fira ID t.ND PICTURE. _ "THE CHARGE OF THE LIGHT BRIGADE" THII (The farnouaP• bfatohleas Cleanser" Show Card), will !mutant, in good gilt frame, carriage paid. to an readerwho will forward, with full name and addreas, ISO Matchless Cleanser Soap WRAPPER (ontsids -wrapper in RED and. BLACK only), addressed to Joseph Watson and Scampi. Whitehall Soap Works. Leeds. Wrappers will nabs accepted unless poittagets fully prepaid. ~.

i \,3 ) - \ 4---.4--- 1-11 i) „,,,,, ji I lih ir'n '9.-•/•-'1.,?,011 i.a I ---:------r ---------tiNi-1 4, _ - t 0... , () ia 1 .0. -,- • ; - 4 . "2' ~.:'-\/..?.-41.0-P, , k2.-1') I,i<77# ...-,:7,i-,1 F-r• ~+?_-‘'''- ---,. cr\l \" i' i. ,-) , • ,-'• ;{',4A; '. / "ty,,u-,;,-,"\t,,,,•''', RS:-_7' • , . i:j. .:s11,•-, p-- - -_._-.: ----- •7 4 I -, i k, ', ~5,,%. • 1 „to vancoo. 5.-, .4, - .. ( ----"' '-'''r ji- ..,: ' it.,,,;(1-1.- ;7 ••'r . ,`., ; . ,%. 1 • 1: ..: 111 4, p:::,... \ILI,' ~,E.:41;47:1-4- '-‘:-/ -.''''''4 ' _-.1 -• / i '- ". •-•'. 'l, -- \ • ...,.. -.-- , % ..rl,--.,,,..- 1 - ---'s7' . ••0 !- g je, ...orie.4o---%-. _ • ~ -I/ : . •..1.,‘,,,?,:,-- • , / ----. i.• .4.tv •n ..:: •. - 1.. .-N. .:-. 1 ~. - ` -:::- .`"4.,.R - , / ....,..- . 0.41 _ ,--.... 'or .. • A ' .pr . I : . . ..,.....r/ _ ...0'....,,.. ' l'' .. . e...* ,:-. ...* .• 1‘ ..•....we . - , --r -x:_.r..--- . ..... • e . : .17 I, •••• . . 7.- •—. _ 4 . ~. •r••••••. • _ .... , - • - ' " . . - • .- 12-- ‘lt'l.l•l' I -- -----'-'----"`.--:":---:—=--_,E11.A ' -.. '- • , •SN\C" .Nt's.' , t . kink,aumew .tr't ..c., .0-' • ----Y0 c° ..ve' 01' -,-..,>-- - ...." E.

r ,"" 4 , ; ••04 4 '47.t ')P S 0. TH 1 G POWD E S FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETI,I. IN JSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. 94, Commercial Road. Peckham. July 12.. 1889. " Dear Sir, —I am a poor hand at expressing my feelings, but 1 showd like to thank you. Your loz.mges ha. done wonders in relieving thy terrible eough. Since I had the operation of •• '1 meheotOmy " (t he same as the late Emperor Of Germany. end unlike him, thank God , I am 'Ha alive), performed at St. Bartholomew's Hespital. no one could pos• sibly have had a more violent cough ; it was so had at Dines that it quite exhausted me. The mucus; will it aas very copious and lard, has been softened and I have been able to get rid of it without am. 8f r. yours truly, J. HILL" UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. The above speaks for itself. From strict inquiry it appears thst the benefit from using Keating's Cough Lozmges is understated. The operation was a specially severe one, and was performed by the specialist Dr. H. T. Butlin. of St. Bareholomew's Hospital. Since the operation the only means of relief is the use of these Lozenges. So success' ul are they that one affords immediate benefit, although from the natur of the ease the throat irritation Is intense. WEIGHT IN GOLD. Under date Sept. 8, Mr. Hill writes: " I should long since have been &ad but for your Lozenges - they are worth their weight in gold. I will gladly see and tell everyone what a splendid cough remedy they are." Keating's Lozengrs are sold in tins is. 11d. each. The un- rivalled remedy for COUGHS, HOARSEN BoS,and THROAT TROUIILBS.

TOSe I '''''''',.4 •1 N'a IV ,' p'fi T t:‘. 7'l 1.• , .% ' ,j 2-1 ,-11 , A ;.' , 1 0 ALS AIVI op

,vs ---- 44 4' -V1 A.; • 1. A . _ 4% _ 44t. 0 tt...t't ''• \ ‘ :,-,.',\lN * '.; -• bt 4 •0(: 40;10!-#'' '' ' ~,k flo4 1 \ .4 ' 'N ,ria•4l, °'. 11' ..-& - 'fi' ''''....", ',-,,,, /,';' 14'; 4,t i ;f, fr.i.: . l'' . • r''''''' ' 4.'( (~, , 4"l.fr 4 .. • . , /,/ - . • 7.4 A-D E M('' ~`,,,.' • ••••,,v ~ ra 4 _ ' s.. .; , jr ~,,v, 1., A•,, ,'' ts s t 2:•• tAI,. R., ~ i.,...... „4, ,'''', ' 31' A. ', .4 ' +. MA*" " . t). ' aoLLAL • or , ,-.., ,g 1 , 1 „,,s- r 3 ilti `, VA ,-.. r!,!:4",z illn t.ii.ln .-Igv A•61,-3 'VA '• V-A 1...i1ca For ASTNIVIA, BRONCHITIS, NICHT COUON, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS; AND ALL LAI'4O TROU# LES. SAFE AND RELIABLE. Established 70 Years. 008 Trade Mark on Wrappers. Beware of hnitatlona. SOLD BY CHEMISTS EVERYWHERE. , In Bottles. lat. 2/3. 4/0, and 11/.

......... _,_, ROWATT'S LAMPS - - 7,,,i 4i& PATENTED. , :'-' ''k:l,, I. Aki " ritARVEL," v,-?4,, i i 67.. m.., , , 40 to 100 Candle-Power, j, " EOS " 7 i 4.10,,41/IM \MOM. , ) 40 to 100 Candle-Power. i'r-Th ':'..,, , "SURPRISE," i 4 ' •,,W. ' ' ' 30 Candle-Power. i )). ii ' ------ \ 1, Ot "1 (1 "LORNE," , t., 15 to 25 c-p. (chimneyiess). ',SPLIT-WICK 'ANUCAPNIC 'l4l, 12 to 22 c-p.(chimneyiess). .) ~, Our Lampe are the most Ecoaom- I Rod, Beet, & Budded Managed. '',,L. ''. iffo,..,' '., . , r •t!,N, ~,,,,-,1-..=-_,-, i INNIST ON HAVING ---.----:' Olfrr A ROWATT'S LAMP. /'• Avlel.oc.', ','-',.‘ A New Patent Safety Auto- matic Extinguisher Duplex _4 _ . . I. Lamp. ROWATT'S ' GORDON ' PATENT ROWATT'S LIMP as above HURRICANE LANTERN insures inimnni,y of clangor from fire should the lamp by With Patent Windguard Hoop, any means get upset, as di- Most Perfect Out• Doer Lamp made, rectly the Lamp is at an angle the Automatic Extinguisher Do not use any otker. acts, and out goes i he light. .... Beware of Imitation. Retail from lronmongers.Ac.

MANUFACTURERS UV DECORATIVE AND ART FURNITURE. r-A4,tt0.7:4117,D!-Zi::,:-':-irt)-5i.4,047-Au,i,./4:: N. tr. ‘) JOHNS GC .:V30112214 ,41rOptiL'/.-FI,Y-UVANT=.I t P:4l NP •Wri:NrXe M) Dri 5 BY PATENT MACHINERY. SWIFT GOLD MEDAL ~, NEW RATIRISON KNITTER • KNITS tocEl kingx, Clothing in Wool, MUG, or Cotton. List. 2d. per Post. TRIUMPISANT AWARD at & PA The only WINNER. la the WORLD of Gold Medals. Also Motors ot the KtfPles.utilessPtocktng &Libber. ICrocoh Office, 77. O,<MGMIII Sr., howoom—Tna HARRISON fOrrnwts ILAGUIPS L'A• lt. UrPl.ll 1.11:001i. ST.. mazicar.briiit.

• .FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE." ::,• .• ~„44 WORLD FAM" 111 • • GR Eli :0; , . .AILOOD PURIFIER: E STO Fl a warranted to ()leans° the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds. Its effects are marvellous. It is the only rod specific for Gent and Rheumatic Pains, font removes the calae from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials . In bottles 2s. M. and Ils, each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, LINCOLN. BEWARE OF WORTHLESS IMITATIONS.

A 0000 FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the ideas might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be olitained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, trot COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so Imre, may be set down as the best.—Obtey ver. , o'''.4 , i'.- .' .( , ~4, - k. . . 9 e., ' .. FREE FROM MERCURY. i . ~ . it , • CZE.• ~ wv‘,., 1 )144, ' ,Y 'ipss UY 01 PURE VEGETABLE ThrGREDIEN.TS. Or .0....-re. .. „ • -,.%• • 4 t Irt FOR BILE. LIVER, AOIDITv, INDIGESTION, Bc.c.

PURE !Rl' 4 11 HUSH CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEF POCKET Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beaun. fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/'- per dozen.. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gent? 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen made special to pattern, 6/6. per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9. 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAIVIASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 40. per yard. Rerd Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yard SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER MD 3 EVENING WEAR. IRISHTWEED, aalnldrustryelNeV.oopl.l Uenssuayrpiafssfoedr for Iterse,nogrtLDtusfawbeilaitry., Patterns Free by Return of Post. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/-• CARRIAGE PAID. „ R. HUTTON & CO., •LARNE, 13ELFAST,

I 1 i 41164 ~.. ' 4 '''. , 4 I'll 5: • F ‘ z „, ~., pr••• 0 P 4440 • WOW ' tka 1 " IP '' ' ,k."rd.4. Ai 0 41, 0 • RILLS r l OINTMENT Arc acknowledged by all to be .. The Best Medicines for Family Use. MANUFACTURED ONLY AT 78, MEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. A ml &M k, c(4! jlerCeinc Vflulors ek,otryllout me tI. . Adviou Gratis, at tiae above addrrss, daily, ixtweeu the hours of 11 awl 4, or IT letter.

---- - --.t. TEETH.. TE ETH.• TEETH --- TEETH. PARKINSONS'S WIRTH. are, at the price, ~ UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The public -11EET11. may rest assured that. these statements are 1_ based on ABS.OLUTE-TRUTH, and perhaps the ' • TEETH. beet guarantee of this to intending patients is that .1. H. PARKINSON. hasonent the Largest Mntal Practices In England, the outcome of t' TB employing the BEST LABOUR, using the TIEST MATERIALS obtainable, and' charging TEETH. the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. . t Any set made, or any work done by him. and TEETH.. !,ot giving ABSOLUTE 8 4,TIISFACTION ID - I Evers- 'Detail will he Immediately corrected. Or an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE ON TEETH% CHARGE. ...-.1 These conditions insure the public's satistae TEETH. Mon and recommendation, , ~templified by 21 sets having been inserted for patients during • rrEETH. one year only, directly and indirectly through the voluntary persuasion and recommendation ,f "TEETH. of ONE ST.NGLE PATIENT. AnY or all)5 these patients' names and addresses, for rete- TEETH. , mice, will. be given to any would-be patient .. ... for titans. These, with thousands in the past each recommending their TEETH, friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parkinson's clueless. • . TEETH. His unusually Large I)ental Establishment, . ~... adapted for the COMPORT of Patients, MUST ... I'EETH. NOT DETER ANY. AiLL are. WELCOME to, FREE CONSULTATIONS- Daily troth a tol. at .. TEETH. and 2 .to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION,. , Lc., ae hitherto, by the hid of his own made • TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXLDE, of which he now liquefies for sale to. dentists nearly 10,000 gill- TEETH. lons weekly. Patients, have. th=refore, instblir speciality als6 the benefit of his experience. -1... TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAY. -- , ' r [BETH. T. H. PARKINSON, Dentist by Examination. • 4E4 MOSLEY-STURM:, MANLY lINSTKR. . WARRINGTON ON WED DAYS, at Miss Charles' '.., . Ladies' Outfitter, Eankey-st., from 2 to 6 P.m. , ~,,.. • il •RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes. O '''' (late '''' IN Pallioleab Confectioner, Bridge-st., from 2 to 5. NORTHWICH, on PUIDAYs. at Miss Gibson's. 2. Casalses 'morn Fr 11 tos. AI ... --*

„'„Ordinary notices of Births' Marriages, and Deaths, are in serted free of charge. Marriages or Deaths with its words "No Cards,” or any addition to the Registrar's ordlsss:l7: notice, are charged On. Shilling and •Yizpvice, if preps (I. Aa.l. announcements on credit, Two 6'hillinga and SixPetlct• A" such announcements must be authenticated by the muse and address of sender. • MARRIA G ES. lII(4IZAM—BROADIIITRST—DeCeMber 25. at the Par ele Chureh Warrington, by the If ea. k'. W. Willis. Thomas ...gismo tO Sarah Jane Ilroarilmr,t. SPAENCER—ASPINALL—Devember 25, at the Parish Church;x Warrington,, by the Rev.,. W. Willis, Walter Spencer t Mary Alice Aspinail. CATTERALLr—INGLESBY—December 26, at the Parish Warrington, by the Rev. F. W. WillU i7orr, Catterall to Elizabeth Inglesby..., .., a--1..-fhorna,l Church, R di Chet Jll, ,Rigasanso'N. —December 26, at the 7 ParrtyShaw ~igton. by the Hey. T. W. Cook, George He Slyajwv, to Jane Richardson. s. War. BOYilt—iiA-MACON—Doctinber 27. at the Parith Churel,yle to rington, by the Rev. I', W. Cook, Frederick Susannah ,Hammon. TILLING—PARR.—Dec. 23rd, at the Parish Church,. WaiNglo ton, by the Rev. C. R. Jackson, George Alfred Mirk Mary Ellen Parr. TRATIS—DAGN•LL.—Dec. 23rd, at the Parish Cllurch, rington by the Rey. C. E. Jackson, George Travis Elizabeth Dagnall. CLARLE—LIOUTFOOT.—Dee. 23rd, at the PAHA, Chi Warrington, by the Rev. C. E, Jackson, Thomas Clad Martha Lightfoot. 110 RDWAHDI3—LEIOII.—D,se. 23rd, at the Parish G'burch. rington, by the Bev. C E Jackson, Joseph 11cturaC15" Mary Ann L.igh. TERRY—WORRALL,—Dec. 24th, at the Parish Church. We rington, by the Bey. T. W. Cook, Arthur Terry to Ly, Worrall. KAY—LEE.—Doe. 24th, at the Parish Churel,:,, Werth by the Hey. T. W. Cook, William Kay t..) Jane Alice 1 DEATHS. ATLINSON.—Dv.. 22nd. at New Road, Stockton Reath, Mainwaring Atkinsop. aged 10 years. OWEN.—Dee.22nd, at Walker-at,, Elizabah Owen, aged' years. HINDES.—Dec. 22nd, at G eneral-st., EM:tia Ilindes, age& years. PERM-AL.—Dec. 23i-d, at Jinni sford-roa 2, Robert Pact, aged 76 years. HUNT.—Dee. 27th, at Warrington Iniirroary, Bunt, aged 9 years.

zring- Ag tc irvko Tie rirk., lai id, , • gat" • ILengtea.rb .•,•i , 'll,. • lit 32 ...1 )11111ik geatoiee .. . alb" i i 0 -.-........-- ' ' Al EMORIAir_i CARDS, CIRCULARS, BILLHEAUS. AIHMORANDMISs. l'l'' JO 11 Icigsig Handbills, Window Bills, 212.3t0f13, and printing of a n,,s executed with neatness end deepatch bv JOS'. S• - the Borough Press 34, Bridge-street, Warrington. _...----- --- ------ I i t 1 . • : I ' .. , 1 '., , . ... , 4 , ' • - , ..... . '.. , - ... . '

THE. MANCIIESTER TAILORING S.: CLOTHING DEP°T' 8 & 10, DORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON.,,sr ARE SHOWING the LARGEST RANGES of 411 /Ina .1301 -- MAKES of cum's for MOURNING sAO. WORSTEDS, SEIM 13, VI ENNAS,LLAMA HOZ SUITS READY MADE OR TO MEASUW3,,Ts at short notiee for MEN, YOUTHS and BOYS Well made and thoroughly reliable.
